Anything less than universal healthcare is a disgrace. It is disgusting America doesn't take care of its citizens. We pay enough Tax
Keep sucking off the govt nipple.
You get a nice shiny wall - yeh tell me who is the dumb one here LOL
Those that trust the govt for there every day activities and look to them for their welfare.
Why wouldn't we trust the gov mate? They take care of us, We pay our taxes and they give us universal healthcare. That's a pretty good deal
If that is how your Aussie govt is run that is your deal. It is different here in the US. We are not as dependent on the govt.
Also are you saying you dont want it even though the citizens of all these other countries are telling you exactly what your missing?
I am saying I want the Federal to only provide the powers that are authorized in the constitution. Nothing more nothing less.
I thought they were adding a woman on? "a" woman, such an improvement.
They did, it was Kailyn Jennner :)
That's not funny.
Was not meant to be.
Yes, it was. You put a smiley face and it's not a fact. That's a joke. Get out of here w/ that bullshit.
Not really when you passed BHOCare without knowing what the Bill had in it, then proceeded to lie about it. Ignorance is as Ignorance does
So, how many women participated writing Obamacare? Four decades at least in the http://making.Total  Failure! "Shocking even for DC"
I guess it was the one that said we have to pass it so we can find out what is in it.
We are starting to live the Handmaid's Tale.
And also 1984 when society cannot remove itself from the govt nipple. Keep moving in sheep.
It isn't just shocking, it's infuriating, debilitating, and downright dangerous for women AND children.I would like to see our...
...fierce, female Senators march in that room and take a seat at the table. Don't ask-TAKE. That's what these old white men have been...
...doing to us,esp since that abomination was "elected." I've had it. Take charge and take action,Senator. If anyone has the guts, it's you.
I'm with Kathy.  Women Senators need to #Occupy the committee room til the men agree to equal participation.
Don't ask or demand. BYOC,ladies, Bring your own chairs,march into that room and take your place. @KamalaHarris @PattyMurray @SenWarren
Yes!  What can they do?  Please @SenGillibrand ...they don't follow Any rules so why should we?  No one would blame you!!
Single Payer System.  Single Payer System.  Single Payer System.  Single Payer System.  Single Payer System.  Single Payer System.
Idiot
None of them get monthly cramps. I bet they all are in favor of taxpayers paying for their viagra. They all support these big pharma. comp.
Republican white males in Congress are off their rockers/ to bad their wives won't call them off or out on this crap
A bigoted statement if there ever was one. Good job. Expect more out of my Senator.
since when does having a vagina automatically qualify you as a senator??
men are very empathic, especially rich white men, I totally trust their ability to imagine female needs, they respect women!
Is it like Coumo's three men in a room at midnight making law
Not surprising.
Not just 13 men; 13 wealthy, white...Horrible for women, hispanics, blacks, poor...AND also bad for men & children & older adults & ALL.
Just how many women wrote Obama care?
A woman, Liz Fowler,Sen Baucus’s chief healthcare counsel who previously was VP at WellPoint, the country’s 2nd largest health insurer.
Google her.
SMH!
Govt is making us sick then making us pay to heal what they caused. Entire system is corrupt. Must be reformed to benefit all not rich.
13 white men.

Who Cares as long as premiums go down and penalties are gone
Senator did you ever think of offering you help on crafting the bill?
My rough calculation suggests the chances of ending up with 13 men on the group and no women is 25%. Not impossible but disappointing.
Nothing surprises us anymore. The fact that the GOP has sold this nation's soul to retain power in the White House is a harbinger of the end
U r not wrong dear
You don't think they can do the job they were elected to do because of their sex? #sexist Why do you hate men so much? #HatesMen
Idiot
ACA only written and passed by Liberal Congress... that was extremely shocking especially when they un-constitutionally mandated fines.
I wish it were shocking. Is there way to change it? Should #indivisible groups lobby to change it?
Ask yourself why the people voted for this. Dems trashed healthcare & now you don't like the consequences.
It's appalling - we need more women in power!
sadly it's really not shocking at all it's the way @realDonaldTrump does things
Why is that a problem, if they added women you would bitch that they are republican woman. Healthcare is healthcare stop dividing r country
You could offer to assist and work collaboratively with them, rather than continually trying to promote yourself for 2020... 
The ACA is dead what are the dems 
Doing to help? Nothing
it is a disgusting display of misogyny. #ChangeIsNeeded
Women make up, what 50% of US population? Not like there are no women in the senate. 
Particularly since it has a big impact on women. This is the last gasp of white male power.
That's your argument? Lol. #Obamacare is a failure created by a failed #obama and supported by a failed democratic party.
U R such a sexist!!  Y don't U take a seat at the table?  BC if it turns out good, U don't want to be associated by proving ObamaCare wrong
What will u do to change that? #RESIST
They are not writing it, they are copy/paste from the special interest groups who want to take advantage.
Defund their viagra and prostate exams!
Nothing's shocking for this generation of GOP.
Terrible!!!!
What happened to equal representation?! 
Why do these men get to decide OUR healthcare? Many of us would not be alive today without the ACA-this is a travesty. How do we stop this?
Senator, why don't your counterparts care about us? Who do none of these trumpets give a damn about anyone else?
Only they matter/count? 
It's like open racism sexism homophobic discrimination has won and has become the new norm of America- screw tact & compassion, huh?
This means more than half of Americans r NOT being represented or given a damn about- otherwise this travesty health bill would have Failed
The garbage pretending to be our president is lying to everyone constantly. He calls democrats & media the enemy.
...to fund the bull crap projects THEY want to fund- not what we want
They use our tax dollars to pay for their Aspen trips, constant security 4 their entire family @ 3 locations, voter fraud investigations,
Senator, filthy rich men have taken over our country-this doesn't feel like me country anymore. &most of us now live in constant fear
This does not feel like MY country anymore * I don't feel like I Belong here anymore.
The whole men thing aside : how many are experienced in health care? I can start w/ McConnell and Toomey: not....
I'm sorry but I'm feeling so very degected & defeated. I'm losing hope in our democracy as our country starts to look a lot like Russia
@shuster_lana Stand strong sister! Times are dark but we must #persist. You are not alone, remember, most of America voted against this!
Senator Gillibrand - I'm ready willing and able to protest the nonsense going in WDC.
Is it sad that this doesn't shock me at all? Please keep fighting against it.
Because ...

It's Raining Men! Hallelujah! 
It's Raining Men! Amen 
I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna let myself get, 
Absolutely soaking wet!…
It's despicable!!!!
Thanks for posting but please, as my senator, I'm begging you to find a way to take action against this disgrace.
No surprise there it is the GOP!  You don't need input when u know or control it all.
Gender is a social construct
Get out of my office
I work too hard and long to take schemers and your crap@any longer
Can you account for your portion of the debt while in office?? Respond please
Get out of the people's office.
Devastation without representation #AHCA
Keep up the good fight. Say NO to AHCA. No negotiation. No backing down. And, thank you for fighting for us.
LoL - the 1st time in Congressional history where a special interest bill was written by actual senators?

Nice try,though

#MedicareForAll
So basically being a woman is going to be deemed a pre-existing condition?
Old, white men.  Not shocking.  Regardless it will be the same sham.  And then they'll be gone.
Instead of complaining, why don't u join them? U r part of the senate, stop bitchin and do some work that's why we sent u 2 D.C.
Fight hard for us senator please
Crash the party
Please turn your attention to the disgraceful insulin price hike crisis! Please HELP!! #JDRF
@EdFocus practicing medicine without a license
Ridiculous!
Nothing about @GOP shocks me anymore. They represent a truly narrow slice of America, getting more narrow every day.
Lies
Not that surprising for the #GOP, however.
Well we saw what happened with the one Hillary came up with when bill was president. Not sure why gender matters
Shocking, yes! Despicable, for sure!
Not at all shocking sadly
You would think @GOP would support Single Payer which would bring down business costs & make America more competitive. #TaxBreaks
We have single payer. It's called the VA. Is that the kind of care u want 4 your family and friends?
And Nancy Pelosi was the face for Obamacare, how did that work out for you?
What I find shocking is not that 13 men are writing that bill, but that 13 million people are not marching in the streets
Why are you such a sexist?
At least they're being honest. They have little regard for women's health.
Consistent with this administration.  Welcome back 1950's.
Why is that were any women senators asked?
Obviously yo have a problem with men.  I would rather them than you, pelosi, etc.
13 Angry Men.
I knew I wouldn't have to read to far down in the responses to find exactly what I was thinking. Nice. #GreatMindsThinkAlike  ;)
Who picked them?
Can I have ALL my tax dollars back now?
Help!!!!
Ughhhhhhhh
Very weak boys
Outta line Ms. Gillibrand. Take your seat
Agree. And thank you so much for being 1 of the 6 who did not vote for #Rosensteim. #rRealDemocrat
Women elected Trump. They need 2 grow a pair and stand up to disrespect at the polls
Is it really surprising though?  Really?  This is the GOP we are talking about.
Republicans didnt even trust one another, why writing health law behind curtain, and hiding it away from other repub senators. Looks creepy.
That's the least of our problems.  You need to start expecting the worst from these people. They declared war on us & are eroding democracy.
Unfortunately its not shocking. Just BAU! Not representative of our republic
And I have no confidence they have my best interests in mind.
go for Susan Collins plan;she has a brain; unlike McConnell!
They. Don't. Care. How. It. Looks.
@SenToomey staffer in Harrisburg claims they are willing to be bipartisan in this commission and bring in women...believe it when I see it
Well, as long as they are all white...
But not for Trump
It's shocking to you? Where have you been?
Women can't afford to be sick.
Which 13? What can New Yorkers do to help? @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
- Give em' HELL Senator!  This is shameful.
I am not shocked but I am disappointed, for a country that claims to care about women and where women have contributed! #SheShouldRun
@SenateMajLdr women are equals?!?!
Except it's *not* shocking for *this* Washington. De riguere, in fact. :(
These old white morons need to be replaced by somebody living in the 21st-century
It'd be shocking if it were Ds in Washington. Or if it were Rs and there actually were women. Btw, Kirsten for Prez!
I checked & of 100 current senators, there are 21 women; 5 republicans and 16 democrats
It's not shocking.
Did Hillary tell you to say that? Where is the old bag btw since your such good pals? Or was it Soros?
13 men? Nah, they may be male gendered but being a man carries a different definition. I don't see 13 men in that photo.
Also sickening!
I will vote for you for President in 2020!
Nothing should be shocking at this point when it comes to republicans.
They decided on abortion rights...which will cause many women like me to vote gender bias next election of any kind.
How much diversity was employed to screw up h/c in the first place? Oh, it's the policy that matters nothing else.
Make American White & Male Dominated Again -- what MAGA really means.
My guess is that ED will be fully covered but rape & pregnancy will not. Vaginas though will be. Men want those healthy.
Another point people keep missing: ITS NOT BEING WRITTEN BY ANYONE WHO HAS WORKED IN HEALTHCARE!!!! We need women and healthcare workers in
I asked if any were Pregnant, Mestruating or Menopausal..or Mothers. Didn't get an answer yet but I'm expecting a NO on all 4 counts!
Not sure shocking is the right word. How about disgusting, antiquated, or infuriating?
Stop calling it a health care bill
Whos mentality is stuck in the 1950s
All the males have female mothers!  Many gynecologists are males, men and women are inseparable!
U r so insightful in ur assessment of the GOP. Where did u say u earned your degree in Russian studies?
No,what is Shocking is U can run Ur mouth w/#FakeNews like ACA saved us all.When fact is U&Those of U Liptar-do MindsetBurried ourHealthCare
Tell us About the Children Brought Here from Hati forPedophiles Kristen.HowMany did you traffic For Hillary into the Child Slave Sex Market?
You can't argue with Hillary's emails,You were the one she was contacting here in the US. How much money did you make for Trafficking Kids?
You might Divert Some thePpls attention some of the time Kristen but Y not fool all the ppl all the time.Those investigations aren't overYet
How is it shocking? Is that not par for the course in government? At least on that side of the aisle?
Please keep us updated on what they are doing. Put out a call to #TheResistance if you need us to go to work. TY
It is kind of shocking that they couldn't find a 14th man.
When you are President this sort of thing will stop.
Oh you are a delusional one. DNC is over. @dncfraudlawsuit
It is?
