YES!!! You’re my senator and I  and support you!!!!! Thank you, Senator!!
The Socialist Party of Deceit wouldnt go along with it.  They amass more outside special interest cash than Republicans do...by a long shot.
That is #1 reason I won't run. I'm sorry but I can't deal with the hateful, vile comments you & other women in govt get. Thx for fighting!
It's horrible. A very smart, capable friend ran for city counsel here. She used to have a fashion blog. They took screen shots to mock /1
her for daring to look professional and share her outfits. Bc of course you can't be smart & enjoy clothing.  So tired of this shit. /2
Ack. Council. Thanks Siri. 
"I'd pay $70000 amd most Americans would pay something like that".  Most Americans dont make $70k in a year.  So out of touch with reality.
I gotta Netflix to watch the entire video?
Not only yes, but f**k yes! 

#GetMoneyOut
#Pragmatism
Your part of the nastyness


This is "Hillary's majority" ... 
Even if public funded,is difficult to ask for good polititians since they are few,and they are the mirror of our society #CatalanReferendum
Absolutely
Is this for real
How about just passing #TermLimits 
I'd pay $7 a year to get Hollywood out of politics.
BUT - all of the Leftist NGOs, Think Tanks, and George Soros' organizations could contribute as much as THEY wanted.
Unfair.
So let's get rid of leftist money too.What's your point? Soros advocates policies that help workers.The Koch's advocate for billionaires
The loser of the last election was the one who spent big. How gullible do you have to be to give pols more $$ to "get $$ out of politics"?
You are an embarrassment to New York.
Yeah it’s idealistically lovely but it’s impossible. The networks depend on that advertising, so there’s anoth lobby that wud oppose.
So you're saying people are stupid? Again? Right?
Idiots. When they succeed at this they will have succeeded at eliminating free speech, & installing a dictatorship.
Thank you Chelsea for bring these topics forward and educating people!  You are making a difference.  Namaste!
Well said Sen. Gillibrand! I'd happily pay $7 to be rid of the millionaires & billionaires buying our elections!
yeah like George Soros
Ineed to know we can take money from the system,and gets some justice while taking country back from hostage.
You are as corrupt as the next one. Used to be a die-hard Dem., then saw M.M. movie sicko--Hillary took the most money!!! That was it for me
Look at the countries that have a public funding system. Reduce the payroll of representatives and make it a part-time job=Utopia 
Democrats receive more corporate money than gop. Check it.
Doesn't matter.  Corporations should not be allowed to buy politics! End of story.
you think you are the elite. primary Riggers the shame of a Nation
https://twitter.com/MarkDice/status/908163542628524034 …
I'm in!!!

Everybody in America should vote if they don't vote they should tell why they should just keep on making things better
Take my money Kirsten!!!!
They can buy print ads but no tv or radio ads. All candidates would get the same amount of time use it as they see fit then ban PACs
And that time gets evenly split between each candidate. When a candidate uses up their time that is it not able to buy any air time ever
We can do it better than that. Have FCC require that all radio and tv stations set aside a preset amount of time durring each election cycle

Yes!!! Yes I would
It's funny your bringing that up since Chelsea donated money to Hillary and she had the most money than any other candidate???
I shouldn't have to spend a dime more than what I already pay for Congress to represent me ...
Anyone who has a conversation with Chelsea Handler has got to have a screw loose
Why is this woma talking to Chelsea who is nothing but nasty.
Oh pls... r u saying women r so timid and weak they can't handle negative ads?
It's a great idea, but is it just an idea or is there something in place that can be followed up on? Need more information.
Absolutely! Who is this intelligent woman?!
Sounds like circular logic to me.
We need to deal first with left-wing monopoly on American media, before we can move to campaign financing.
Kirsten Gillibrand should answer first for campus rape haux witch hunts she helped to perpetrate on American colleges.
A political world without Koch brothers or Mercer money?? Cheap at twice the price!

YES!  Sign me up!
Everyone pay $7 a year senator or just certain people? You want little things but don't want everyone to pay a fair share.Just bill the rich
Omg yes, I would pay more!!!!! I do not want all this conflict of interest and people buying others out, just all should be against the law
We don't need to do this.. we MUST do this.
Yes! It's so obvious. More money solves every social and legislative issue!
How is making Americans pay $7 toward you being elected "getting money out of politics?" What do I get for my $7?
Corporations are not people. Without people there would be no corporation. Something to ponder.
Of course she would pay..........She is worth upwards of $40 million dollars!
Out of touch with reality!
Jus Sayin
QUACK!!!!!!
Being a Democrat is based in negativity... So that means all Female politicians will end up Republican?
If only...
@indivisibleden @CardboardCoryCO @9NEWS want Big Oil out of CO politics? Listen to @SenGillibrand re public funding
“Wouldn’t you pay $7 a year to get money out of politics?” A great conversation with @ChelseaHandler.
https://twitter.com/Chelseashow/status/907001006948413441/video/1 …
Well that would be death and Destruction for Chelsea because that's what she's all about!
NY Women Celebrating 100 Yr Anniversary of WOMEN's VOTE 1917-2017! Congrats! Thanx Sen Gillibrand(2ndFemale Sen.) for All your hard work!
As long as #CItizensUnited stands as SCOTUS ruling, you can't get money out of politics. Perhaps criminal laws should be aimed at abuses?
Take my money!  Where is the kickstarter link for this?  You two are awesome!
I would pay too
You can have good candidates run who have no ties to wealthy donors and would not win elections otherwise. Level the playing field
I admire everything you do Senator. We are lucky to have you as our representative.
#GlobalVaccineSummit. #injuredarmy
I would definitely pay $7 a year.
#ConstitutionDay
#13AmendmentAppliesEquallyToAllAmericans
#CongressIsBannedFrom
#ForcingGirlsToLaborForAnother
#ServitudeCanOnlyBeVoluntary
I was thinking about this a couple of weeks ago. Candidates need to stick to the issues - no mud slinging. No corporate money donations.
100% Citizens United was the worst SCOTUS decision of my lifetime. Disgraceful...
That would solve poverty in a second. Big corporations no longer running the show....
Yes, but how would you stop big money from running their own ads?
Yes
We need to pass the CGT Bill like tomorrow.
Who do I write the check out to, Senator? And can I set up an auto-debit? Would gladly do so.
The level of intelligence is Amazing. Wow.
Yes please
Love Kirsten!!
HELL YEAH!!!
culture of nastiness huh???
You resort to a filthy disgusting potty mouth comsdian for help. You need to resign immediately. Or face #dumpgillibrand
I would like to pay my $7
LET'S DO THIS.
I would pay 1000 x 7 a year to get money out of politics.
Two Hot Blonds Talking Macro Economics, I love it.!
 gosh you make me proud to live in New York!
Yes!!
Make it so. Please.
Nice goal but we have been trying to get money out of the elections. Only real way  is to elect ppl who really want a sable govt.
@chelseahandler, I really love @SenGillibrand.  She should consider running for a higher office in the future.
That was definitely a great conversation. Something I would definitely do if it means getting money out of politics


Absolutely 
Totally
I sure would
Yes! & limit campaign time. Terrible how capitalist our political system is. Stopped being about people & started being about $ long ago.
Of course!!!

So many other countries do this because money doesn't get you the best politicians. Usually the very opposite.
How can you have a great conversation with a drunken bubble head & a senator that doesn't have original thoughts?
I like her better when she's posting. Asked pictures of herself. You're preaching to the choir Kirsten
She is a has-been comedian! Who is most known for posting her breasts on Instagram. And you sit down with her as if it is an informative Q&A
where else will this be available? Assuming there is more out there than this one tweet... #netflixonlydemocracy ?
Not that simple.$7 from everyone requires u track and i.d everyone before they vote to ensure they paid,so poor people can't afford to vote
There'd be too many candidates
Nonsense, the problem would be 
How to delegate dollars to candidates, 
Dollars for primaries & election?
GILLIBRAND 2020
Absolutely
senator  gilli them the old  jewish  ladies form manhatan  will  visit and loose their   expensive  jewelry for you .you  will  find  them
Look at you rocking 11 followers, comrade! Vlad would be so proud.
I love the goal, but who gets the money?  Seems to entrench in further dysfunctional 2 party system we have now.
Yes
I was with you until Chelsea involved. She doesn't help you/us.
Love this interview (I watch @chelseahandler weekly) and love you @SenGillibrand! Powerful, strong female role models.
Absolutely! Along w/ TERM LIMITS, psychological fit test, lie detector test, & finance disclosure incl lifetime taxes, for every role in gov
Yeah but @SenSanders ran an entire campaign this way with no negative ads & you didn't support him 
This is why we don't have #MedicareForAll
Yeah, you don't have a clue. Attacking Democrats. Interesting
I sure would
Production talks & BS walks. I pay taxes and get no representation, now I should pay more to fund campaigns?
Laughable, Senator.  We pay gazzillions in tax dollars and we WANT term limits so partisan hacks rule ends.
Also term limits for senators & congressmen & women. & they aren't allowed to lobby for corporations when they retire.
cc: @CenkUygur @WolfPAChq

I like this little guys mojo 
How can you not love this senator?
What about getting politics out of veterans issues? All disabled vets deserve CRDP, pass SA639 as part of NDAA 2018
Great idea, then we won't have to hear from the Clintons ever again!
Trump is bought and paid for by Robert Mercer. We have him to thank for Steve Bannon and Kellyanne Conway.
Can we make this happen like now?
We already donate $ 5 ea from our tax returns to support the little guy.
Yes
Thank you! I'm glad you are my senator.
I would pay it and more!
You don't say...
OK now look at where all the ad revenue goes to..trump

YES! YES! YES! A MILLION TIMES, YES!!!!!!!
Yes!!!
2020
SENATOR  I WOULD PAY EVEN MORE !TO KNOW WE IN THE FUTURE !WILL ALWAYS HAVE GREAT LEADERS! BY THE PEOPLE AND FOR THE PEOPLE!
Gladly
