Mark my words. Your day's in office are coming to an end.
Says the guy living 800 miles from her.
I live in NYS and will fight, #resist, #persist her out of office
Good luck!! When the GOP strips healthcare. Have fun with that.
There will always be health care,  just a matter of whether I pay for just mine or everybody elses
ahh. Ok so 1 out of 10 veterans are on Medicaid. You're cool just dumping them
Oh yeah, I forgot about the Veterans. That #VA Program has worked so well #clueless
SO if the VA is working like shit as you say, why would you want to strip medicaid from Vets? If it's all they have. #deplorable
PP has nothing to do with healthcare.
You simply have no knowledge of how PP serves our men and women's healthcare needs
Not healthcare,  abortion.
Stop your support for murdering babies!!
@LiveAction
@MAGA
You simply dont know what your are talking about. Clinton was right, your just a deplorable. US Army Vet
Their brains are not fully formed.
All efforts will be pointless if Dems dont deal with #voterSuppression.
Thank you for your support of pp!
Do you get your "reproductive health care"from planned parenthood?  Neither do we.
God your such an embarrassment to new York State!
We must elect more women to office! @womensmarch #NeverthelessShePersisted
Baby killer
The Trump mafia will end all healthcare !!! But will provide  $1  Million Policies available to everyone.
Please save Medicaid too, many millions depend on it, and we are depending on you guys to fight for all of us.
That's the problem, millions DEPEND on it.
Medicaid has been around for 52 years, leave it alone as it is a life saver. Does life matter to you?
Thank you for standing up for all people who need access to safe & affordable reproductive healthcare!
Great now find time to IMPEACH!  Nixon's rolling over in grave saying "seriously!?"  Put country over parties&fundraising & IMPEACH NOW!
What does reproductive health care for men mean?
#StandwithPP  Eight white men or the Congressional equivalent cannot take away womens' healthcare or rights!
I would expect no less from a person of your up bringing to want to kill unborn children God will deal with your crimes I'm sure.
This is evil! Abortion kills life and ALL lives matter! You don't get to choose which ones matter. Immoral mindset. You only fool yourself.
What is everyone waiting4?  He's a traitor. His son & sil & entire administration is destroying our constitution. IMPEACH!  Put country 1st!
@SenGillibrand would like your mother to know that she is too self-centered & hopeless to keep you.
Stop LYING about what @PPact does & try communicating the truth that they can run their butcher mills solely on private donations!
Say it girl!! We hear you and thank you!!!!
.@SenGillibrand A woman's womb should NOT BE A BABIES TOMB
Yes, senator gillibrand!!!
No tax money for abortion mills. Call it what it is, don't hid it behind some misleading label. Abortion is wrong, no pu Blix funds.
yeah go stand with oregon where an any time any reason free abortion even to illegals is law of the state. u know like partial birth murder
Upstate NY represent
I see me!
Does that still include prenatal care? Asking for a friend.
Access?  Who shut anything down or made it illegal?  Shut up
Just curious to know how much money you get from PP. You claim to be famous for your transparency so let us know.
Men are having abortions now?
Thank you for speaking out!
You shouldn't speak for PP, you have no credible voice. After all, on the 1st day Israel had lost 3 butchered, you criticized them. Foh.
Since when kiling babes is considered Health care? Is having sex  a desease?
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you for your leadership!
My interest Instrument is piano, classic guitar. I have an experience. I shared your political activity a million times but take breath~
Except political activity,what's your interest? I like backstroke,watch movie,listening music and reading book. Social network also included
Murder is always murder, no matter what you call it.
Yes we will!  Roll that back!
How, specifically?
MARK THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK'S WORDS WE WILL VOTE YOU OUT OBSTRUCTIONIST SO START PREPARING YOUR RESUME YOUR GOING TO NEED IT GILLIBRAND
The people who need to use contraceptives can already get them at very low cost to themselves, they simply will not use them.
Is killing health care?
If you want this, Senator, then tell the DNC their 2018 and 2020 campaigns must be progressive, not corporatist, or they will fail.
Keep up the fight for us Kirsten
@PPact why don't you work with Gov Cuomo to bring single-payer to New York? Follow Jerry Brown's lead and trump Trumpcare.
Really how are you going to stop it if ACA is repealed?
It would be hard to have Less access in some states..
you, part of the minority party because you fucked things up so bad and nobody voted for you, don't really have much of a say
Really? They already have.
That's my Senator! Thanks Kirsten! !
PP is a failure....does better planning for their wallets and special interest programs than their clients...
Please ...it's time to tell American people the truth !!! Just rename your party into a Socialists Party of the USA !!!
#ItMakesADifference
#AmericaIsNotEurope
#13AmendmentBannedInvoluntaryServitude and
#WomenAsProperty
#StandFor13Amendment #Freedom
#PledgeNow
Reproductive healthcare my ass, you mean abortions, just say it, there are places to get an abortion other than PP. #DefundPP
If you're going to have it - have it all
Thank you.  That should be so much easier when the russian mafia is no longer in our white house.
Has nothing to do with a woman's choice or health care.has everything to do with the murder of the unborn.
Thank you @SenGillibrand ! I am proud to have you as my Senator.
#you know Obama care not working for Americans # why do you insist on clinging to a Failed policy# Protect O's  legacy?
But you'll roll back free speech to protect illegal Israeli settlements? Did you really not understand the bill?
2020
Thank you!
Lying #FemiNazi gonna lie.
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand.
Pander pander pander
We need action not words please
Then stop planned genocide of planned parenthood.  Have u been to their website, called one of their offices?  I have.
THANK YOU, SENATOR GILLIBRAND!!!  <3
If Obamacare is so good why don't you have it?......Because you want better Healthcare then us!....Give us your Healthcare!   Crickets
Okay, I'm marking your words!
No one is stopping access, we just don't want to pay for it.
Because the most important thing in the world is the ability to kill unwanted black unborn children in the womb at somebody else's expense.
You better!  Btw, we need to talk!
GET IT GIRL!  Yes!

If they can donate 750000 to political campaign  than no federal funding
keep fighting senator we've got your back!
#StandWithPP #StayOutOfMyUterus
Men don't need reproductive care. And we pay for our women.
