Also preventing access for women who can't give birth due due to early onset menopause from having needed hormone replacement therapy.
Do some research. 45* seeks to allow companies to control the medicines that your health insurance will provide.
Do you have an issue with birth control, or medicines in general?
Are you ok with an employer deciding not to cover cancer meds, HIV meds, etc as well?
Funny how this same argument never applies to Viagra.
Don't think it should be anybodies biz what medical treatments u get with the coverage u earned.
Birth control is not a medical treatment. It is a choice. Are condoms included in this?
For that blood pressure meds are a choice, nobody needs to live a long life. U could just chose to just die early like ppl did 50 yrs ago.
Really, which one?
And they wonder why we feel there is a war on women?   They are afraid of women taking their rightful place in the world.
It just blows me away that this idiot carried the women vote in the election. Why and how I'll never know
Trump has a vagina?
And Trump lied 1000+ times since announcement, but somehow you are deaf to that?  Trump is unethical POS.
Donald Trump's word means nothing. He will say anything, lie truth no matter.He's an empty suit with no moral character. I hate the man
Ms G why do you not respond to my requests for community meetings
Why do you hide uourself from the people who pay your salary . Or do we? Lobbying
A woman shouldn't ask others to pay for her choices
OMG & WTF.....WOMEN....YOU ARE 1/2 THE POPULATION...START CARING ABOUT WHAT SLEAZY RICH OLD GUYS ARE DOING TO YOUR RIGHTS!!!
DO SOMETHING!
OMG & WTF.....WOMEN....YOU ARE 1/2 THE POPULATION...START CARING ABOUT WHAT SLEAZY RICH OLD GUYS ARE DOING TO YOUR RIGHTS!
DO SOMETHING!
A boss cannot.  However they can decide to PAY FOR IT OR NOT.  #FFS
wish you represented me. I get  Lindsey. Only sometimes good. He needs to speak up against the president's stuff. He doesn't.
Protection of individual employee from religious discrimination is a constitutional right not a "corporate" right -- employee only family!
NO ONE HAS RIGHT OVER WOMEN'S BODY EXCEPT HERSELF!!!!!  HANDS OFF!!!
A woman who wants 2use birth control should NOT work for a company that has religious beliefs against it!It's their right! Find another job!
Also "companies" cannot have "beliefs" about religion or anything else. Companies have policies, not beliefs.
So owner's beliefs put into company policy! They have a right to do that just as much as I have a right not to work 4 them or buy products.
Economically discriminating for Jesus. Not what I learned in Sunday School.
Libs have no clue. They want all the right to this or right to that, BUT, they don't want other to have same. Such hypocrites.
Don't you want the right to work without discrimination because of your beliefs? That's what humanitarians want.
Of course I do. I also want an employer to have the same rights!
You want an employer to be able to deny jobs to people because of what their personal religious beliefs are? This is religious oppression.
Men have control over their bodies and women seek equality. We must have control over our bodies as well
Let me tell you about me 
I do not wait for anyone 
I am free and I need no permission from anyone
It's sick to think that it's ok for viagra and not for birth control that helps prevent cancer!
Are there any other [old] women like me who are just getting angrier & angrier about Trump et al? I JUST CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE!
MWe the people, who ultimately pay the bills, are entitled to the exact same health coverage congress gets.
Go work on a large corporate and personal tax cut and defund planned parenthood instead of far left stunts
A woman shouldnt be allowed to use other people's money for an abortion. We didn't get her pregnant
We need a 'Men's Contraception Subsidy Law': where women pay 1/2 the cost of BC, and 1/2 is paid  from a Male Emmision Insurance Tax Fund.
Why can't women either buy a condom or screw a guy who can afford his own?
Keep swinging Senator! #TheGoodFight
It is a concerted attack on Women's rights - Conservatives wish to force women to lose their independence, and force them into subservency
Same employers who complain about & deny maternity leave, I presume.
I will never understand how GOP hates abortion but doesn't want to prevent pregnancy!
Ok govt r u ready to help pay for unwanted pregnancies resulting in children with parents earning min wage. U don't want abortion. Good luck
Thank you Kirsten
You'd think being anti abortion ppl they'd be pro birth control & family planning
No government should illegally use Taxpayer $ to fund terrorist organizations,or their on personal use! But no one stop 44/hrc congress
Employers hate pregnant women. Seems "counterproductive" to take away contraception!
Counting on you!
Here's some birth control, STOP covering VIAGRA
phfgfgfgbt . . . A boss' decision is whether or not you have catastrophic healthcare, not a pregnancy policy.
Who said white-haired, fat, old men can control my access to birh control?! Is the employer's religion more important than their employees??
..and his supporters are the ones who fear sharia law...the irony is lost on them
Employer's don't deny access. An employer has the right to decide what is covered b/c they pay for ins. BC costs $20-$40/mo. buy if you want
We need more intelligent women and minorities running our country not stupid old ads white males..wake up America
Thank you!
She can get it for free easily.
A woman has access to birth control as well as #abortion, aka murder. President Trump is not hindering at all.
Having access to free BC has led to the lowest abortion rate since 1973. Is that not a good enough reason to keep it?
Fight that buffoon and his cronies!
does that mean the men in these organizations will no longer have access to Viagra either?
Are condoms free?
Please fight
It is not deciding access. It is deciding to not pay for a service that is against their morals and/or religious beliefs. SCOTUS supports.
But it is deciding access for ppl who can't afford the monthly cost. Ignoring that fact doesn't make it go away.
Fight harder.These r all men,  like sex but wont give woman the rights to their own bodies. U I trust.  Their entire health plan male owned
Isn't it up to We The People to decide if our religious beliefs say yea or nea to birth control?
Only if Viagra is not covered.
My boss is a a Jehovah's Witness, can he deny my blood transfusion?
He can now. RESIST.
Ghost president Pence wins one for "gawd".
And some light weight president on mom jeans shouldn't force mums and Christians to pay for birth control . Pay for your coverage
Perhaps the government can offer that insurance for a small fee, if the government is so dead set on guaranteeing this right.
Ma'am, I would also submit that it is wrong to force somebody to pay for birth control against their First Amendment-protected beliefs.
It's for the greater good. That's how society & gov't. works.
Birth control isn't just for preventing pregnancy it also helps with hormone imbalance and heavy menstrual cycles.
You are strong and inspirational @SenGillibrand
As women,be strong &decide to NOT job where company not offering birth control.Communicate to others who those companies are! Fight back!
From a women who does what ever her man Chuck tells her.
If boss paying for it yes she does
You want birth-control, get off your ass and pay for it yourself.
You want Viagra? Pay for it yourself!
They can go to Planned Parenthood. No one is stopping anyone
Decided by men  - repugnant.
This from a bunch of men who cannot get laid. They use their powers against women. They punish women for their personal shortcomings.
Under His Eye #MAIDEZ
Access is not the same thing as being covered under your insurance. We all have access to birth control - some may have to pay out-of-pocket
Get it free anywhere.
The GOP needs 2 keep its nose outta ppls bedrooms too
Awwwwwwwww we do darlin.
That' right Gillibrand keep those contraceptives going for those nuns. Just something else that waste money that's not yours.
THANK YOU! My health is my business. Why is viagara always covered but birth control not?
It isn't. Huh?!
Being female is a pre-existing condition
Access not the issue, federal funding is.
Than you Senator Gillibrand. #Resist
This is yet another reason why we need to get employers out of health care, period. Employer sponsored health care is a historical accident.
We need a single payer system like the VA. That is what government health care looks like.
Yup. Unfortunately the GOP can't even come to terms with the ACA so I am v pessimistic about single payer in near future. :/
An employer shouldn't be able to pick and choose for their employees health options. Ridiculous.
They don't.

What state are you in? Let's look at crimes there, shall we??
And that headline is awful. Relaxing rules is not the point. Repealing women's rights should be the headline!
EVERYONE has access to birth control. Stop being a #liar
You are confusing terms again. EVERYONE has access to birth control. Please use correct terminology
"Access" only if they can afford it. So no, not everyone.
You speak of payment after access, that would be ins or a job to pay for it. Everyone HAS access
If they can't afford it then NO they don't have access. It's available to them but they can't access it.
Not to go is a choice, there are payment options. Medical provider CANNOT refuse access to patients who cannot pay
Will they pay for my condoms??
Thank you Senator Gillibrand!
#MedicareForAll solves this problem OR at least give us access to buy Rx from Canada at 1/10th the cost. Enough.
This is why we need #NationalHealthCare. All women should have access to contraception as a matter of public health.
This is why we need the Women's National Party.
um yes they can they own the business not the govt
Seems to me this Saturday's March for Truth should indeed include some message and signage about the rollback of women's reproductive rights
what rollback of rights are u speaking of  why does the govt to dictate who supplies what to who
My boss can stop me from shopping at Walmart?
I'm with you!  This BS and more just have to stop.
I'm surprised they're not trying to take back the women's vote. Obviously they want to make women's decisions for them. Welcome to the #USSA
Keep fighting for us.
Thank you senator. You are a hero and inspiration to young women everywhere.
Whose religious freedom I don't see Unitarian's objecting
If Employer was a Jehovah's Witness - could they refuse to pay for Blood Transfusions? Could Christian Scientist boss refuse appendectomy?
Senator Gillibrand's tweet could have come from the last century. How did we allow this to happen? Blame the Republicans and all nonvoters.
Blame your ignorance.
What? Aren't you for empowering women? CEOs don't control birth control, Kristen.
and then a person will want a blood transfusion, an insulin pump, a new kidney and that too will be an affront to some  religious org.
True. She can go work somewhere else if she does not like the benefits her employer offers.
Shut up. 
THANK YOU!! It can't be easy to be out numbered in the Senate, yet fighting for over 1/2 the country. Thanks for the constant dedication!
It's time to name the GOP an official terror organization.
thank you for all you do.
Please do Senator. We are counting on you.
