Leadership also means voting consistently against every unqualified nominee, as you have. THANK YOU.
Add my thanks to that, @SenGillibrand - I've expressed them before, but public servants with principles need to hear we've got their back.
So PLEASE do this when the Democrats do that as they have in the past. I was 1, but Independent now because of their harmful polices.
Racist like you are the misguided.  You have to be racist to not condemn a president who supports Nazis and kkk
are you speaking of black lives matter????
Please have in mind that 3.5 million US citizens who reside in Puerto Rico have been denied equal rights for over a CENTURY @Igualdad51PR
Yes, so we should not make this a party issue. Call out the left radical groups as well as the right. Fringe gaps don't represent America.
Great definition. Wrong country.
I read "Standing up and sneaking out" and thought this was a hot take on the current administration
Taking all Confederate symbols down shows no consideration for ppl who have southern pride. It aims to win the war again
Which explains why @realDonaldTrump will never be a leader
Counting on you and Chuck to keep up the good work!!!
They have accomplished nothing. Resistance is hurting healthcare, slowing tax reform, and allowing terrorists into our country

dems letting the medium & cable news go after trump won't work you need to go local call him out
As do staying home and eating cake.
Look in the mirror, you are one of the "hateful ideologues" undermining our common values.
I don't know your region system, so hard to give financial support any more. Unless I check more detail system
Please speak up about the Antifa group we need to know your thoughts on this group/gang
so speak out about alt right and antifa? I agree!
More meaningless words from someone fundraising off a tragedy. You sicken me.
Agreed and thank you  President Trump for doing just that #MAGA
Do you ever have an original thought? I assume you are including BLM Antifa occupy black panthers
#antifa is hateful. #nazi is hateful. #isis is hateful.
Alt-right is hateful. Donald Trump is hateful. Paul Ryan is hateful. Steve BANNON is hateful. Mike Pence is hateful&Steven Miller #realnews
Duh. No shit Sherlock. My point is that @SenGillibrand should call out #Antifa as hateful too

He has spoken up give it a break. Unify
Therefore we must stand up to leftists like you that have power. You and those like @SenSanders are filled with hate and must be stopped
I am dismayed with the/our president. What can/will you do to rectify this?
Then how come No Democrats never speak out when Free speech was shut down by ANTIFA
Leadership means nothing if it's all talk and forgotten days later.
#thisgoesforeveryone
#ontothenextthing
#zeroconsequences
Please #25ththe45th now! #TrumpIsANazi and a traitor. #LOCKHIMUP #TrumpRussiaCollusionConfirmed
That literally has none of the words that constitute the definition of leadership. I'm giving you a zero for the day.
Democratic Party defended slavery, started the Civil War, founded the KKK, and fought against every major civil rights act in U.S. history
Did you know that the Democratic Party defended slavery, started the Civil War, founded the KKK, and fought against every major civil right
Fake outrage is becoming very old. Time to clean the swamp of politicians like you and Chuck.
And Action
GOP Reps support a Pres destroying the US. Insighting violence. Pushing war hate death 
DUMP Corrupt Trump Pence Ryan McConnell
Trump supporters in Albany who are anti Semitic ,racists are making problem for me
Trump is  a psycho  racist
#OnePartyVoted100Percent to
#Support13Amendment
#YouAreFreeToChoose
Like 44 did with radical ISLAMIC terrorists?
Leadership means doing the hard job to #ImpeachDonaldTrump #impeachOrBeComplicit
Does calling for the assassination of our president fall within your definition of our common values? ie State Senator Maria Chappelle-Nadal
That's why I continue tospeak out about the fact that the dem party founded the kkk and that the nazi's were socialists and so is dem party
I concur, sad thing is when representatives of nobility use it as an opportunity to amplify shortcomings into deception.UR 1 of the great 1s
which mean you have no leadership skills
Then why don't you condemn black lies matter and the communists group  antfa
Trump is no leader, he's just a cranky old man.
Kirsten speak out against the hateful rhetoric of your Democratic colleague. If you don't publicly denounce her hate your words worthless
Are you standing for equality under TIX or common values of due process, innocent to proven guilty? #warriorsfordueprocess #equalityforall
In these dark times there is just one way of honor and dignity for each of us: Stand up against the hate of the fascists around Trump/Bannon
I look forward to seeing you stand on the Senate floor and denounce Trump.
please please #25ththe45th  He really has to go
The Democratic Senator from Missouri is African American the man she wants assassinated is Caucasian. Would that be hateful or racist ?
Heavy stream of calls 2 San Diego City Hall resulted in removal of confederate Jefferson Davis plaque in Horton Plaza. Our voices do matter.
Your no better than isis or talibon.  Destroying historical monuments.  For all the preaching of tolerance You have none yourselves
Will you speak out against the democratic Senator from Missouri who called for the assassination of the leader of the free world.
In that case NY doesn't have leaders as senators. Haven't heard a word from you or Schumer about lack of equality in AutobailOut.   #Delphi




Stop the insanity #impeach #Impeachment #ImpeachOrResign #impeachtrump #FIRETRUMP #realnews #wethepeople #createdequal #noracism 
Haven't heard you say anything about that radical Black Lives Matter group! Hypocrite.
Leadership means that Congress DOES something about the white supremacist in the White House. GOP is all talk and no action - disgusting.
No, leadership means taking action. When are you elected representatives going to stop composing thoughtful tweets & REMOVE HIM FROM OFFICE?
When was equality in jeopardy?
WETM-TV in Elmira asked if cities should temporarily ban assemblies and demonstrations.  Used what you said here to answer. No time to hide.
Hey Gillibrand, what do you know about leadership
Shut up
Waiting for you to condemn the MO senator who called for Trump's assassination and the hateful lies being promoted which encourage this.
And it doesn't mean to spread hate as the Dems are doing. #votingforanyonebutGILLIBRAND
that leaves you out
Leadership means standing up and speaking out when people are in jeopardy and radical Islamic terrorism undermines our common values.
Idiot
Thats Potus trump did! Standing UP for American people and not to all globalist like u @SenGillibrand

I wish you were our president!!!

Name something Trumps done this year??
