We think the 6 Cabinet Members who lied under oath should resign immediately and be investigated for perjury
Americans are screaming at the top of their lungs!
action does mean a lot more than talking. Put some real skin in the game and work for the good of the whole nation.
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Gillibrand is one of the best we've got, sir. Simmer down now. #Gillibrand2020
we are all Americans and we need to stop talking past each other. Stand up and reach across the aisle and sayhi
People's idea of compromise in government is always moving 2 the right. I say we give the left the old college try
no...to the middle
That's what Obama was. A centrist. HRC, a centrist. DJT, a fascist. Pence, a religious extremist.
The only fascists I've seen are the cowards dressed in dark clothing w/ski masks assaulting destroying property burning bldgs US Flags...
Burning signs w/'free speech' on them; shouting down other exercising THEIR free speech. The fascists I have seen are announcing they will..
I want an investigation into the administration,campaign and transition team. He is illegitimate!
OK YOU ARE WRONG.  YOU AND YOUR COHORTS ARE DESTROYING AMERICA.  DO YOU HEAR ME?
Please speak for me ,and oust The Cabinet members that are a disgrace to our country, like Ben Carson.
let's define our goals. Not only must we speak out, let's have a cohesive coherent passion for a few things that reach all
I think it is wrong that your staff won't meet with your constituents. I was a big fan of you but now rethinking my vote...
Why don't you be heard? Work on this bill and stop complaining. WORK ON THIS BILL FOR YOUR CONSTITUENTS. Stop fighting.
that's true
#GOPRepublicans are not listening + are being bull-headed stubborn nerds but will still #PERSIST w/calls + #PROTESTS to Reps!
Unless you're a Conservative Constitutionalist that is...
I don't feel like I'll be heard.
My son has reached his lifetime caps and will die without medical insurance.  How am I being heard?
I am not silent. I do my talking in the voting booth, which is why I voted for President Trump. Oppose everything, right? Sad
thank you for hearing us. Get onto the little screen. You are the future.
Wasn't Hitler paint-based too? | #Dubya paints combat #veterans now  http://trib.al/Rfg0O51  @mozgala_gregg @OLSXWatching @OccupyLondon
So I'm telling http://you.You  are wrong , with many of your stances. See I will not be silenced !!!
Since you are Henry's mom I assume you would ask for schumers resignation to protect your child from abusers he gives visas to correct ?
y'all have spoken out enough already shhhhhhhhh
actually you're losing constituents as we speak for your crazy behavior you're not Democrat! You're Ultra -partisan ALT LEFT
Yeah you should be charged for letting in the illegal who raped a child
,
Right on! So please respond to my
email re Foster Care refugees.
Thks and keep voting no on everything Trump
Yet you said nothing about the efforts to rig the primary against @SenSanders. Shame on you.
what you gotta say now? You help that pedo..making you complicit.
, give staff giving daily support to those with disabilities a fair wage. Hope you won't need one some day!  #bFair2DirectCare
get the GOP to act like "Men"who actually have the private parts to stand up to '45' a racist, bigot, and misogynist
Our stay on Earth is short. We shall bear an Eternal burden if we keep quiet in the face of oppression and injustice.
I think it's wrong that Saranac Lake is not Sanctuary and the sexual predator you got the Visa for  might have to leave. Sad.
I think it is wrong that vacant office   space is not used for refugee living space. Could house 1000's.
first heard of you in Hillsdale Independent 15 years ago while staying in Copake Falls. Knew you were destined for greatness.
I don't hear any brave liberal talking about Schumer sex scandal, Karma to suck bad for democrats in the coming days + weeks.
@CaptainsLog2017 I have been saying it's wrong since before the inauguration. Treason is a strong possibility
the people are speaking but until this Nazi regime is stopped we can't be heard do your job and stop this
I'm speaking out, loudly and awaiting your response to my emails. #nyc #StandUpToTrump #NotoHR61
https://youtu.be/cEo4hpGmjzY  actual quote. 25th Amendment, sec. 4. It's past time. Impeach now.
As one of your constituents, I will speak out. It's time for you and the rest of your party to work with our President Trump
omg really??? he can't even focus on the job of president....
We are all speaking and it really feels like nobody is listening.
I agree that it feels like no one is listening, but I think we need to speak louder!
Yes!  This.I.Believe.
you and @SenSchumer need to DEMAND Jeff Sessions' resignation!
Thank you!Please,hold those "red feet" to the fire! Bless my husband,"They're all crooks!" he says!With u in ARKANSAS !
You will be replaced in 2018 when you are up for re-election...TRED LIGHTLY....BYE
that's the problem..the things you believe are right, ie Sanctuary Cities, ACA, etc are wrong. The people have spoken
we are lucky to be constituents of @RepCharlieCrist ... he spend almost 4 HOURS hosting a town hall in St Pete. #WheresMarco?
Thank You for your continuing dedication & vigilance for So Many of Us! Barbara Harwell / Ft. Worth, Tx
Bannon, Miller, Sessions, Kushner...tip of the iceberg. Investigate business dealings NOW!.
Please make sure the pipeline uses US Steel. Its the least they can do.I just read the company is refusing too :(
please don't stop!!!!!!!! I don't want an admin who lies about RUSSIA
I want Sessions fired. He is a twisted degenerate racist who lied under oath many times. He broke the law
I think you are wrong and you're supposed to Represent your district. I think 44% are forgotten but I think that will change
He must not be permitted dignity of resigning. Remove;thoroughly investigate possible perjury;hold him 100% accountable u/law
On #Pence
#SaranacLake 
#'NufSaid
@ezlusztig : #StopBannon #PenceEmails #RussianGate #SessionsLied #Comey
you are a hack who does not listen to the people. Most in NY outside of NYC voted for Trump.
@ezlusztig
Where is Van Jones

who showered Trump with praises?…
it's wrong to push for visas and have them commit crimes- you should be held accountable!  Remember you said I will be heard?
aren't you onenif the 2 who fought to keep an illegal here who abused a child?  Yes. Let's not be silent about that.
Yes it's wrong you pulled strings for a Tanveer Hussain to come here and then sexually assault a 12 year old girl
HR 861-wrong,HR610-wrong,HR 899-wrong,HJR69-wrong,HR 370-wrong,HR354-wrong,HR 785-wrong ,HR 83-wrong,HR147-wrong,HR808-wrong
yes !!! Please run for prez ! Not kidding
I think it's wrong that DJT is President. The guy is losing (has lost?) his grip on reality.
@POTUS financial entanglements fully transparent.  Has Treasury gotten anything thus far from use of his facilities?
Russia ties need to be fully investigated and explained
.@SenGillibrand Are you really going to let DHS separate children from their families? Isn't that what the Nazis did?
it's wrong you fast tracked a child molesters visa. Nice job
& those with the power to act, like elected officials, must act, not just talk
Really? Could have fooled me.
@realDonaldTrump is off his rocker and needs to be out. He is a very troubled man.
so hear this, you should be silent unless you have something because as you talk others accomplish
You're wrong on most every issue.  Thank God your numbers are dwindling nationwide.
How about the Indian snow shoe athlete U helped get in the country and is now in jail for molesting 12 yr old girl?
speak up make noise nail every rep who tries to stop the treason . They r part of it we know it clean out Russian connection
@ActionTime they might hear but they don't care they will continue to block any investigation
I've been trying to let 45 know what's going on through his favorite medium, the twitter! MAGA! Never tweeted before election

@ezlusztig I think the cops harassing me on my walk home every night is wrong. Will you listen?
It absolutely is wrong!!! With all DJT's talk about law and order makes me wonder though. Sorry
It's ridiculous. They need fired along with whoever orders them to do it. #toomuchtimeontheirhands
Sessions Must Resign.
Thank you 4 being the Senate's Voice of the People. You are a beacon of light, truth, and hope. #Resist #PrinciplesMatter
Thank u for @SenGillibrand 4 truth and the love you have 4 All American ppl a & the small business owners u defend @sethmeyers @Merlin333
please emphasize cutting rules for clean water. We need to get people more riled up
get his taxes released. That will answer all questions
@3DTruth if you see something say something. What if it's the President?
thank you. Please keep fighting! 
You'll be heard alright, and maybe slapped around.  Sometimes silence is the best response - keep 'em guessing.
Finally, I think it is wrong that vacant office   space is not used for refugee living space. Could house 1000's. Thank you!!
Thank you... @womensmarch @IndivisibleHVNY
I think it's wrong that PVCSD teachers are white +  speak English. A black teacher was hired but she sued for bias after a wk
I think it is wrong that Veterans continue to receive medical at the local VA medical  centers. Refugees deserve that care.
then how come you don't hear the problem of high student loan interest!
I think it is wrong that plants are subjugated by white male privilege. Can you please float a bill to set them free?
I think it is wrong that the 10 murdering MS6 gangbangers on LI have no sanctuary as of yet. Falling thru thru the cracks :(
It's terrible that my taxes pay for senators insurance but they are trying to take my health insurance away
I think it is wrong that you facilitated the Visa of a pedophile. John Podesta bailed him out. His art collection is wrong.
.@SenGillibrand  #WePersist #Resist #WeThePeople 
post cards done . Resistance friend's did 100 going out March 15 . #resist
THIS IS WRONG, WRONG, WRONG!
do you even know anything about people you push to get in this country? Now a 12 year old is violated
Thank you for your leadership! I am one of your NY voters--please keep up the fight for what is right!
Thank you for hearing is in the #NY27th! As you know, many of us have only you & @SenSchumer. @RepChrisCollins won't hear us
really for the of the country? Stop this crazy stuff and fix the government, or midterm electonics to be another beating!
I want Sessions' resignation. He lied as Flynn lied. @realDonaldTrump total cabinet on security side has lied.
As my Sen. you should be working with the GOP instead of grandstanding. Start earning your paycheck!!!
keep fighting for us
how do we make HR 610 go away?! 
yes it's wrong. At what point do we admit that 45 is covering treason? Colluding with a hostile foreign power. #Trumprussia
Thank you 4 hearing us! Taxpayers demand: President's tax returns & independent/thorough review of admin Russia connections.
rikers
I think it's wrong that rulers island is no longer speaking with ICE and releasing M S 13 back to the hood. MS 13 = terror
We're speaking out! TAX RETURNS, INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION, IMPEACHMENT. We can speak, we need you to act!
I THINK IT'S WRONG!   AND THANK YOU.
I think it wrong that Clinton campaign officials spoke with Ukraine about DT in July regarding complain
I think it's wrong that A G Lynch didn't recuse herself from the Clinton case after the collusion on the tarmac with hubby
Thank you for standing up.  We appreciate you listening to constituents and acting on our behalf.
16 no votes for cab appointments is wrong. Can these people not be qualified?are you qualified?  it's wrong, obstruction!
I agree. I think the way our country is treating our President is WRONG. Why can't try to listen to him
Too many facts are showing how much hypocrisy is always going on. At this rate there won't be anything completed as usual.
women leaders like you give me courage to do just this!
Yes, I think what Tanveer Hussain is accused of doing is wrong.
Senator, I admire you, but we live in WV. Our calls for an independent investigation are not being heard @Sen_JoeManchin
enough already Trump is the President deal with it. Time to grow up
no one suggests he's not president.  Only that people around him and possibly he himself have committed crimes.
Well  Gilli-Cutty nobody, no one, has spoken more loudly then me, know what, brings ostracization, nothing else!
We will be heard? Being heard & finding an advocate r very different. Delphi retirees know they have been heard. Ur support=0
I have emailed Pat Toomey's and Keith Rothfus's office many times. The response is always the same. An email form letter.
I think it's wrong that you & @SenSchumer stay silent abt leftist rioting & the hypocrisy of not accepting election results.
I think it was wrong that you helped a pedophile get into the US. We will remember what Tanveer Hussein did come election
Oh, it's wrong. It's very wrong. #resist
I think the protracted stagnancy of the Democratic Party is wrong
The lady's got a point.
just left you a voicemail
ok. You are wrong. I'm speaking out. You don't do your job. You just tweet nonsense..I know you hear a lot of us! Chose .
How will people hear if all they do is speak?
exactly it was wrong you championed a visa for this Indian athlete that molested children what say you?
Election should have never been allowed to stand. Time Americans have the democracy we always told others we have #Resistance
2012 election shouldn't have been allowed to,stand with obama and Hillary lying about Benghazi and the video
can't something be done about trump bankrupting us with his non-stop vacations?? Maybe a bill to limit # of trips or he PAYS!
I assume that means when you are wrong as well?
You in power to speak for us can never back down. That has been half the problem. Stand strong!!!
Thank you for always saying NO to trump nominees!
so you want a complete government shut down because Hillary didn't win?
we are heard, then attacked w/alt facts by trumpanzees. It is exhausting trying to instill reason. What more can we do?
sounds racist again those people of color who support Trump
I think it's wrong that democrats are carrying on with this idiot Russia narrative it's crap & you know. HRC got whooped DEAL
I think you are wrong. There I said it
Schumer+Pelosi Russia ties "methinks doth protest2much" we should investigate @SenGillibrand  @realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
I think nearly everything this administration is doing is wrong! But let's begin with some cabinet resignations!!
You as a sitting senator is wrong.
wahhhhh.... ok! Your actions are despicable. Are you going to move in with Obama or Hillary?
Yes you are correct. But some voices are larger than others. Such as senators like you. Thank you for speaking out regularly
It's wrong, all right. Please investigate Sessions the cabinet members who lied under oat. They should all resign.
the democrats too?
I would really like to see his tax returns.  Thank you
Yes! #CongressCanRequest

@Adrian_Benepe Senator, please don't let the US back out of our climate obligations under the Paris agreement

What you and @SenSchumer @SenateDems are doing by resisting is wrong and I am speaking out! Are you listening?
did you hear her and Schumer got this Indian athlete in on visa now he has molested children?
Are you following Adam Khan@Khanoisseur Interesting researcher
thank you so much for all that you do
name one thing.
It's more than wrong. It could be criminal. We deserve better. Much better. Please help. I'm one of your constituents. Thnx
Demand DT taxes & foreign biz deals.  Put a stop to DT weekends in Fl. Expensive 4 taxpayers. I thought he wanted 2 be in WH.
"To sin by silence, when we should protest, Makes cowards out of men" - Ella Wheeler Wilcox
okay, you're wrong!
It's wrong!!!
Taxes, housing, insurance, MTA, utilities in NY are HIGH! We have been saying this over and over! No one cares
@gop is not listening @jasoninthehouse is not @RandPaul is not, nor @NRSC nor @SenateMajLdr
Democrats didn't listen to Republicans last time either, and DNC didn't listen to Bernie supporters. This goes both ways.
Yea except none of those ever lied about colluding w/ a foreign country that hacked us to undermine election.
I think @chuckschumer should be investigated for Russian ties
There's a lot of misconduct that could be investigated on both sides and in the primary too.
I think it's wrong that a man who has so little impulse control that he doesn't spell check his tweets has nuclear codes.
He will probably misspell those too though.
ok, I think it's wrong that the leaders of the Democratic Party are Making an ass out of themselves by being hypocrites
Hypocrite: One who, professing virtues that he does not respect, secures the advantage of seeming to be what he despises. Cf. @generalwaldo?
Sounds like @GOP @SenateMajLdr     @generalwaldo
