Yes, but the nasty BS isn't worth it - Any kind of questionable past, forget about a political future - Who voted for #Tump? #Russia ?
Many times. And one day I will.
Once again snowflake fear mongering at its best!
Hey just wanted to ask you how you see inequality between men and women in the White House as fearmongering anyways have a great day

You wouldn't want my daughter to. Veteran, conservative, hard ass, Puerto Rican.
Trump is paranoid
I have! Just don't know where to start.
Remember when Hillary condescendingly told a young girl from Somalia, who didn't like her politics, to "go run for something then!"
Please note they mostly #WHITEMALES  his making America great again is to take away civil rights and other rights
I'm so moved reading through these responses. Women supporting other women will change this country, and the world, for the better  
They've thought about it and decided not to run... No woman volunteers to be groped by her boss!
Ready to run? Get tips from experts and candidates running for VA House of Delegates at #GJP2017 @UDCLaw 10/20/17. http://bit.ly/2xieJQ3 
Yes
Takes a certain strength to stand with that misogynistic group. Bless you Tina. My mouth is too big. Keep up your great work.
yeah.... because many been wondering about @TulsiGabbard and if she's going to run for President...times-a-wastin'. She might get my vote.
And not one of them have a dollar worth of experience, what a joke to the american people's
Please do run! God knows women are better positioned to work across party lines, treat others with respect and juggle multiple priorities.
Nope.  I don't want all the scrutiny.
Thought about it. Hard to break in
Yes!!!!getting off the sidelines and running for Saratoga County Supervisor!
GOP = does not like women.  I cannot believe their wives stay with them.....
Right, it's make America great again for rich, old white guys. Totally out of touch with the real world.
I think more women should run for office. Why take a shot at Trump because I don't think you have validated data to backup you negative s
This is bullshit...first admin to have 2 women in charge of communications.  But hey...your narrative.
I don't vote for someone based on gender, personally.
Done that, on the township level, in an extremely rural Repub area.  No funds, no advice. Gave up.
Yes and I'll do it town supervisor
Have you thought about running for President?
doesn’t always work out
yes but being more popular and losing doesn't sound terribly satisfying tbh
Do you ever have any thing positive to tweet about. Do you always look for all the garbage out there to comment about.
Don't even know how or where to start
Contact your local Party org. Or find a women's club or "ladies who lunch" group. Or League of Women Voters. Volunteer 4 an org you admire!
My gateway to activism and involvement with local politics was volunteering with @PPGreaterTX. Through that I've met so many people !
Yes but don't have the funds rhat are needed. We need campaign finance reform in order for true shot at being heard
Yes!!!!  But in nyc it's a tough market
Yep, ran in 2016 and am running again for MN legislative seat
Isn't everyone in this pic fired (and replaced with same ole) except Pence??
Yup
I would, but as a federal employee I'm bound by the Hatch Act. Unlike certain NY 22 staffers, I follow the rule of law.
It was one of the first things I noticed and expected from Trump. old white men is the only thing he's delivered so far
I'm running for state legislature! In Florida, women have been left behind but we can change that! @voteolysha @evaoly @12thBurkey
ignorant and misleading observation.  Imagine that...press gets it wrong
@voteolysha Florida Senate District 8!
Letting his Misogynist Stripes shows
I desperately want to but I'm afraid my Facebook/Twitter history make me a poor candidate.
Consult SheShouldRun !
Wait a tick - are you the Dr. Jenn that spoke out about GOOP??
I think mos have thought about it. Comes a time when you look around and say, "Hey, I can do better than THAT"
Hope you will be next President 
I hope you have plans, *hint, hint* ... (I won't run, but will definitely work on campaigns)
koo
Depends on the woman.
Today I am working on reelecting female democratic senators #WSN2018 @dscc if u don't have dinner plans come by ;)
In fact I have. Just moved to yr state. Once I buy house intend to find local issue(s) to engage w/ & hopefully run locally in a yr or so.

A quick note 2 all Delphi women: ur female champion supports your pension & healthcare theft. Run against her & show her how 2 support women
#NO
If they loose will they cry all over the country Like Pillory
Would love to.....but I get too tongue-tied speaking to large groups...but would love to work on a campaign
I pick @MarthaStewart, she kinda has that intense Trump look.
His views on women have been evident. Impeach or test him for dementia....he clearly is not wraped to tight
Thanks for your identity politics... it doesn't work anymore
No true
Please run for president #gillibrand2020
Funny you should ask.  Five of us (women) have started the Town of Corning Democrats.  Here's our candidate - 
https://www.facebook.com/JenMullenCorningTownCouncil/posts/1573988429331719 …
We have some of the best running in NJ! @Chen4Change @shawlauraj @kateandgina @LisaMandelblatt
Thank you @lauraluchoi!  Honored to be grouped with these incredible women.
Kind of?
I more than kinda hope that @SenGillibrand runs for prez in 2020!
Yes.  Thinking about the 54th NY State Senate.
A quick note to all democrats: Urge @SenGillibrand to run in 2020!
Yes, starting in local city council

If so, consider running with the with the Prohibition Party.
.@dana_balter has
Could it be that @POTUS has selected the most competent men based on their achievements not their gender?
Hahahahaha a haha omg...  Stop,  my cheeks hurt.
But for those DAM Email?
Yes. Can we talk?
Good idea but probably because Hillary has them convinced that they're all Bimbo's.
I believe that as women begin to hold more congressional seats we'll see compassion, compromise & leadership.
The #glassCeiling was shattered years ago. But it's being rebuilt in the Oval Office.
Too busy marching with vagina hats on to work.
Of course I have, but we already have great reps in CT so I support instead @ChrisMurphyCT @SenBlumenthal @rosadelauro @jahimes
I want two women on the dem pres ticket in 2020
Yes!!! Signed up for Emily's List & She Should Run & am volunteering with Julie Morrison, IL state senator! Let's do this! You're my hero! 
Kg have u thought about President 2020. Exploratory committee preempt Cuomo, Warren, Harris, Biden, Clinton
women have been running for office for many many years and holding positions of power for many many years.
Yes. But my local mayor and I discussed that we could never deal with the hate and scrutiny involved at any level above local politics.
I have, but I am way-too reactive/impulsive, I'd be a sort of trump, but definitely a lot funner and nicer.
I was going to run for local office but another dem already put his hat in the ring for our local legislative seat
Thought about it but would rather support from behind the scenes
After what Sarah Palin went through I doubt there are enough women with thick enough skin to endure a nasty campaign.
Actually everyday since this past November if  the current 45 can be where he is anyone can run... and do a much better job Im sure
How about a positive message asking women to run. Instead of making up stories n creating phantoms that don't exist. Trump is not a regime
Stop embarrassing  women - always trying to call The Race Card OR woman card it's all a bunch of bullshit.  I am offended
Are you kidding? The way the MSM and oppo research dig into even the tiniest detail of someone's life & make it negative ... no thanks.
Ha anyone given thought about targeting the WIVES of these ppl?  Perhaps a campaign on how these Republican  constraints will affect them?
Great POV. Target the spouse because you can't bring down the main person. What are you, 5 years old??
Target the Spouse -THAT is where the REAL decision maker is in the household.  These guys would be scared Sh#tless if they had to face HER!
Maybe your wife wears the pants in your marriage but not all marriages are between demanding women & cowed men.
@KathySilke should run!!!
Lately? I'm damn close to considering it. I'm crawling out of my very skin with the screaming inequalities we see even on a local level.
What a sexist point of view!
Yes.
libsteral
You mean (Most "WHITE" Male)...don't add us with melanin to tgat list.
WHITE male government at that
Yes but the negative nature of it is off putting at best
We need women,POC,Millenials to run for public service offices. @BarackObama foundation is helping mentor future politicians.  (I LOVE him!)
great
Look at the women in the Dem party. Would you want the likes of Waters or Pelosi working for you? I sure wouldn't. Just saying.
I think Maxine Waters would put you right in your place, little man!
I was raised to respect all women. That is one hateful loud mouth scum I would put in her place. She is the worst example of a woman. Sad!
SENATOR TWITTER IS ALTERING MY TWEETS THEY HAVE BEEN BOUGHT!
I'm running in Greenfield, NY
SENATOR TWITTER IS ALTERING MY TWEETS!!
woman might need to set up a separate women's league for politics, like they do for tennis, golf, basketball that kind of thing
Please do! A 2018 wave of elected women and politicians of color would be a phenomenal response to Trump's misogyny and bigotry.
@mtredden Have YOU thought about running for Pres? All Dem women should run! You, @amyklobuchar @SenWarren @SenKamalaHarris
My mother is running for her city council right now, so proud of her
He'll no
Yes! Nicole Malliotakis! Have you endorsed her yet? #Nicole4mayor
I'd get eaten alive. I just don't have the fortitude. But, I do have listening skills and empathy for everyone.
You can aid a campaign then! House parties, committee a fundraiser, canvass, phonebank, register voters, be a precinct chair.
Yes. Exploring the opportunities now.
Funny pic!  He's fired all but one of them. Pence better watch out! #DotardTrump
I have because my maternal Grandmother was in politics for most of my childhood. I really don't have the ambition or passion.
Men get stuff done. Women bitch about what men are doing. Who do you want working for you?
See alot of woman with powerful positions in his group
We need the best people- men and women of all races and cultures.  And we need to look at substance vs rhetoric or blind party loyalty.
GOP Not covering Prenatal, Maternity, BC, Planned Parenthood. What Do they cover?
Their shitty white asses
