yes we deserve answers Clinton/Russia, fast/furious, clinton e mails/server, Lynch obstruct justice etc. oh but U won't go there. wonder why
Women should have baseball game too. Wait there r not enough of you to have a team. Gillibrand/Warner 2020
Sessions alwayys des[resect Congress; gets away with it!!
He showed up
More than I can say about Susan Rice. But you don't care about that, only partisan politics.
Quit crying u lost nothing here to hear or see move on to the next liberal contrived conspiracy 
And Americans are not going to get answers until congress wants to do what is right, which is charging Sessions with CONTEMPT& let him rot
White collar criminals protecting other white collar criminals then hiding behind executive orders is pure BULLSHIT.Evict TRUMP the TRAITOR
Your use of f-bombs is outrageous. I am embarrassed by your rhetoric, Why?
Senator Harris ,do you ask a thief as to where he hid the Loot? You will get more out of the thief than you are out of Sessions, he's bad
You're referring to Holder , right?
He is giving answers... Just not the answers you want...
You are correct sir.  It was like watching an old lawyer school the youngsters....k. Harris reading her minions questions...lol
like we deserved answers on Benghazi an email scandal an Clinton foundation guess what we never received answers works both ways senator
HRC testified for 11 hours.
You are part of the problem.
The difference being Benghazi actually happened.
I remember when the GOP actually blamed terrorists for terrorist acts.
Sad.
Right, YouTube videos are the way to go.
Give it up Comrade.
You got your answers. Comey lied. Conversations between president and Seasions are private. Comey fired because of his innuendos in public
Interesting how rich white Republican lawmakers only give the women Sen Warren & Sen Harris a hard time.  Very telling... Gillibrand 2020
You got answers you just don't like the them. Get real and move on.
Maybe if he had said fuck a couple times.
What exactly do you think they are hiding? Some BS about an undercover Russian agent or spy they brought in to "steal" the election? 
Executive Privilege isn't retroactive. Trump didn't invoke it so Sessions must answer, or he should be held in Contempt of Congress.
So the same should apply to Holder, Killary. Lynch, the IRS.....
We deserve to get the same health care that all government officials get!!!
America deserves answer about Hillary her husband and all the other crooks. Let's start there and see where it takes us.
Did you take the same position with old "I didn't know" HC?
He couldn't answer questions that were covered by Executive privilege and you all know that! He said he would check with @POTUS! 
We also deserve answers about why you continue to pursue innocent servicemen on trumped up charges and pressure Flag Officers to prosecute.
Does it matter?
He does it because he can.
These hearings are a joke
Nothing will happen.
You damn democrats pulled that shit constantly so....Lynch Clinton Comey Huma, ALL OF THEM..
Really Kirsten? Where was your outrage when the Dems pleaded the 5th last year in the Clinton and Benghazi scandal?
That man has more integrity then then half of all you Dems combined
Answer me why it was ok for my 2 examples just proof your a Party person NOT a PEOPLE person
Deputy National Security Adv Ben Rhodes,who the White House refused2 allow 2 testify to Congress on the sealing of a nuclear deal with Iran.
Why was this Ok? Obama Chief of Staff Jack Lew in 2012 refused to discuss consultations with Obama regarding a scandal involving the ATF
Why was it ok for people on the Obama staff not to.answer questions ???? Again work for the PEOPLE not a Party u trying to be Nancy P clone
Stop the partisan bloviating. Your hatred is encouraging violence.
Senator, AG Sessions can't give answers because he is lying. He should have never been approved after he lied to the committee during
2/2 his confirmation hearings. It was so obvious he was contorting the truth yesterday.
Find him in contempt. 
If there was any moment for dems to start baring their teeth, this crisis is it. The lawsuit is a good start.
This is over - no smoking gun no collusion just sore liberal losers.
I vote in New York.  Go bark up Susan Rice's tree, she won't even testify.
republicans confuse executive privilege with privileged executives.
If this is truly bipartisan heading, why didn't they hold him, & others, in contempt of congress? What can my senator from NY do about it?
You know this is just a witchhunt!!
Sessions invoked executive privilege just in case Trump wanted to later... no legal basis!
His behavior was nothing short of appalling. What happened to our citizens right to know, to actually have a voice in matters affecting us?!
I don't recall isn't a NO.
I wanted to slap that smart ass smirk off his creepy face
Then hold him in contempt
You got answers just not the answers you wanted to hear. Dems are the corropt ones. Investigate them.
Outrageous?!  NO, F**K NO..not outrageous!!  It's called LAWFUL HONESTY, a concept that a brainless  libtard like urslf has no 
grasp over
Your corrupt complicity will be cemented as your most outstanding historical legacy. Frame that to hang over the mantel..
Head elf is a liar too rightbalong with the entire administration
America deserves far better leadership. This entire administration is pathetic.
And Senator Kamala Harris makes him nervous. Oh and he can't remember
I'm still waiting on Lynch to tell me if speeding is against the law
And her telling Comey to not call it an investigation but a matter! The collusion is the last crooked administration trying to help Hillary!
We deserved answers on Hillary's emails and fast and furious. And on Obamacare and the Iran deal. We are still waiting
He was making it up as he went along...I bet YOU have a calendar & log & computer & aids...to help you take notes...he doesn't? Don't buy it
He should be found in contempt!
Lerner pleads the 5th, Holder held in contempt, Lynch orders Comey to dwnply email scandal, yes..Americans deserve answers.
You are so ridiculous in your hysterical comments. I would like to ses you do some actual work for the people you represent in NY
Maybe the AG who gave Hillary a pass can enlighten you.
Obstruction and contempt of congress. Jerk.
Thank you Senator for defending our democracy.
Agree, who unmasked Flynn & leaked his name to press?
Yes we do, how do we go about getting it?
The President didn't invoke EP, we deserve the truth #TrumpObstructed
And to think he wanted the American people to know the real story!!
What is outrageous is ur support for the illegal & unequal treatment of ur Delphi constituents. = $151/yr to WNY. Care to respond?
I missed that, won't discuss private conversations with potus, but that should be expected
Are you surprised?
Exactly. Where there's smoke, there's fire. Session was protecting Don the Con, and his possible $$$ invested in Russia
Must we not infer that he has something to hide?

@jeffsessions needs to resign immediately.Didn't have any idea we were attacked by Russia. Plus convenient amnesia to dodge answering imp ??
@USAGSessions set you crazy dems straight today. No Russian dealings with @POTUS or his team. Time to look at #Uranium1
@LouDobbs
@Heritage
@GOP @TheDemocrats #contemptofcongress
We deserve answers and convictions against the past corrupt AG Lynch her obstruction of Justice with HRC. Your priorities are skewed.
Why is this not contempt?  In the legal sense, I mean.  Obviously it's contempt in lay terms for the rule of law and American government.
Sen. Gillebrand you are on fire and I'm so proud of you!
I got my answers feel good.
Could've held him in contempt. The Trump folks steamrolling Congress = bad precedent. Mueller had better not let them get away with it.
Why didn't you challenge obama's shill Holder 4 doing what you r accusing USAG Sessions of doing?Stop being political&do what's right!
Did you feel the same about Hillary, Lois Lerner, Susan Rice, Donna Brizzell, Debbie Wasserman-Schultz, Anthony Weiner etc etc
Where was AG LYNCH'S ANSWERS ?  WHEN SHE WAS PLEADING YHE FIFTH????
no accountability, makes his own rules, no acceptable
@USAGSessions It just makes him look guilty & that he is hiding something.  If he cannot say yes or no, the answer is must be yes.
If USAG has such a Bad Memory, I seriously question his basic neurological health, when the American People NEED HIM to be at His Very Best!
Agreed, the hearing felt useless.
@SusanDa50168535 Insulting isn't it ?Did we really believe we would get answers,or maybe even the truth?
I didn't These guys have consistently shown their stripes
Stop being a obstructionist. We are getting tired of the constant Trump bashing
where is Susan Rice
yes we want answers on why Hillery and dems are not in jail
What is outrageous is the dem's crap game plan and this absolutely Ridiculous Russia narrative.  You are such children
I feel like we are in a movie. Nothing makes sense and nobody in the GOP seem to give a flip that these guys won't answer the questions!!!!!
As soon as we hear from Hillary.
We also deserve a President rather than an orange tinged crybaby... :(
The Dems witch hunt is what's truly outrageous. Your party is a joke: obstructionism, unprofessionism, stonewalling, counterproductive
You forgot violent, foul mouthed, baby killing, antifa endorsing, lawbreakers
What are you going to DO about it Senator? You all continuously let them off the hook.
To show up at their offices.demand more town halls.shit show up on thier front lawn if need be bit SHOW UP!! We The People can change things
You are a N.Y. and American Heroine!
Any repercussions they will continue to screw us all!! Get out and make your voices heard..Make them feel it while on thier break..continue
Why are you telling us instead of @SenatorBurr? He's the "Chairman" who administered an "oath" that has now been repeatedly violated.
The regulations on Wall Street...We do have a voice if We choose to use it..no one person can do it..& as long as they don't have to face
Our country is in great peril.
Well one thing We can all do is get up out and vote some of these ppl on both sides out..from the secret hc bill they are trying to pass to
Mock outrage is pitiful.
If Sessions won't answer the questions then he is protecting himself and Trump.
He is supposed to oversee Justice for the Nation correct? Not protect POTUS by lying or poor memory game!
DO SOMETHING. SUBPOENA HIM. Obstruction of justice. ANYTHING.
The administration is not concerned about what Americans deserve
You are outrageous, no evidence of collusion or obstruction, do your job and work for the American people.
This is what a dictatorship looks like.
Also outrageous that @SenatorBurr shut down @SenKamalaHarris's questioning. AG's thankful grin to good ol' boy Burr said it all.
Give it up
But he had no problem stating publicly that our military's cyberwarfare strategy & ability re Russia's attack is inadequate. Traitor.
What happens now that he did that?
No one said that in today's testimony! Why??
Throw him in jail.
Waterboard at next interview.
And you're surprised? Of course he's not going to answer. He's guilty.
Hey Kirsten - What??  This is not outgrageous, this is the  LAW!!!
Can u throw #Sessions in jail 4 being unwilling 2 answer ur ?'s Perhaps that would deter them all from continuing 2 not answer ?'s #resist
He probably wouldn't "recollect" it anyway lol
Sessions just doesn't understand what perjury is. He is dumb as a rock
Sen Harris/Wyden/Warner ?s were bright spots! Can't even answer yes or no! this whole smoke screen of exec privilege? "Like maybe kind of"??
I've never imagined so many people refusing to testify about an attack on the USA. It used to be Congress said jump and you said........?
*fucking* outrageous
thank you for serving our state. Keep speaking please. Your voice resonates.
WHEN? WHEN WILL SOMEONE END THIS GD MADNESS? WHEN THE RUSSIANS ARE ROAMING THE STREETS DURING MARTIAL LAW? WTH IS GOING ON??
This sucks and we have no say into what the Republicans do. I feel they did not really ask questions they should have.
Pre-emptive invocation of 5th amendment...
PS: #Sessions on "truth" (THREAD) https://twitter.com/ReaderAdrift/status/867024376230813696 …
I'm an utter secularist and Sessions is a moron! And that's the truth.
@search4swag I thought he did an awesome job, Damn proud of him :-)
AG is working for Trump, not the American people. Obvious in his refusal to answer questions. His lack of memory is stunning.
Thank you, @SenGillibrand ! I agree with you! Fight these Republicans who blindly follow Trump@SenSchumer @MarkWarnerVA @SenKamalaHarris
Oh~he doesn't want to "prematurely" deny #45's right to invoke Executive Privilege. What a crock!! Makes NO sense whatsoever! 
#JeffSessions
He answered  all the questions I had he did nothing wrong t Ioui a are reaching! !
It's contempt. Why wasn't it called?
What Americans deserve is a functioning govt that is representative of the people that elected them. Not this clown circus .#growthefup
Yes, we do deserve answers...but with those in high positions, such as Sessions, we will NEVER get them.  That is a fact.  That is Trump!!!
I think you meant to say it's effing outrageous, right?  You know, you have to keep your "younger audience" engaged.
I'm sure you said the same thing when AG Holder did the same right? 
wow ,don't say the "F" words please no!!
It's all outrageous. What's the point of these hearings when #Sessions lies under oath & refuses to answer & when there is no recourse?
@SenGillibrand Anyone who throws f-bombs around like you do shouldn't criticize respectable govt. agency heads like @AGJeffSessons sessions
These hearings are a waste of time. All evidence should be given to/preserved by mueller to charge w:crimes. This is an abuse of our laws!
He needs to be held in contempt or step down/c he's not all there.
Is this because of a loyalty oath or some document cabinet members signed in order to get their job?
What the eff!!!  EFF GAL
If it's outrageous then call for contempt gillibrand. U can't stand by silently. C&S Dems should be screaming 1)contempt/fire & 2)impeach
Do you mean like Loretta Lynch and Eric Holder, you hypocrite!!!
Republicans elected (sort of) with no morals and a total disregard for facts. Why would they care about govt procedures?
After yesterday's bootlicking meeting I'm surprised he didn't cancel today!
His "non answers" rang loudly #badasswomendc #TheResistance #BREAKING #ShePersisted #SessionsHearing
So what do you plan to do about it, Senator? As a constituent, I grow weary of U & @SenSchumer repeating the words "it's very disturbing."
With all due respect - DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!
He keeps saying "private conversations". Public officials discussing public policy should be public record. 
@elissafield Thank you Senator Gillibrand ... What can we do about this outrage??
How can President invoke Executive Privilege if he doesn't know the question yet? What happened to Russian conspiracy theories?
Really??? outrageous?? Americans have our answer...he did not collude with Russians and neither did Trump! end your witch hunt, get to work!
You are my new hero!!!
Sessions keep saying he is protecting the Presidents Constitutional right?!?!  Like, wuuuuuuut???  You work for THE PEOPLE AND OUR RIGHTS!!!
Laws apply to everyone, even @GOP. Please hold him in Contempt of Congress! #SessionsHearing
It's been a long time since I took evidence in law school, but I sure don't recall anything about the "it's not appropriate" privilege.
you deserve another job...repeal and replace
We taxpayers wish you would stop this charade and wasting our money. Oh wait....that's all your side does keep us down. Do some real work.
Yeah so what is ANYONE going to do? Take it to court because I want answers and that excuse needs to be legislated and proven
He cited "his judgment." I believe 4 Sens asked to cite the policy and he could not.
Absolutely. Hypothetical EP is Real BS.
I'm unfollowing you and I take my vote back!
Thats better @BillieJGreene 
There is a lot we deserve and aren't getting with this current government and it's disappointing and disheartening.
Where is the F bomb Kirsten? #hypocrite #liar #irrelevant
Yes, and his rationale for not answering seemed to be "evolving" throughout his testimony.
Senator r I a leaker of info to the media? Please answer the question
Can he be held in contempt? If you cannot compel witnesses to answer questions then what is the point?
This is nothing more than a witch hunt.  Sessions is doing a great job faced w asinine questions. And he hasn't dropped the F-BOMB ONCE
JUST KEEP SAYING THE "F_WORD" YOU EX
Just more Republican bullshit
Laws means nothing. Nothing enforced. No contempt.
What are you going to do about it?
