You would think the 'pro business' GOP would acknowledge that ACA helped the economy. Oh wait, Obama's idea Back to trickle down#resist
Only thing on GOP's mind is how to TRY to destroy everything good that Obama did.
They are like toddlers with power.
True!
@SenGillibrand  Dem/radical alt-left blah, blah is so lame, boring  Granny's NOT going off cliff, coverage/care ISN'T ending STOP lying!
CEO of Cigna took $134,246 EVERY DAY OF 2016.
How do you all justify that kind of salary?
What'sCongress' cut? Do they tithe?
#SinglePayer
You do know that was obama's democratic congress that passed Obamacare, you do know that
ObamaCare is NOT #SinglePayer. 
Kick the Insurance CEOs and their middlemen out, save over $200 BILLION a year.
BWAA-HA-HA ... LIES about OCare weren't "sugar-coating." Suggest you re-think that! OCare is epic fail; let's leave it to swirl into gutter!
We know Senator lets Resist!
They've recently taken that part of the bill out. The real danger is the cut to medicare and previous diagnosis. Price control is needed.
with only 8 million on it how does 22 million lose it, my bad your a common core scholar.
Hate to see a senator use fake info
@SenGillibrand  ObamaCare: save $2,500/family: LIE! lower premiums: LIE! 30+ more ppl covered: LIE! keep your MD: LIE! keep your plan: LIE!
Who are those 22 million? Can you break down the numbers please? Oh no, that would reveal your hypocrisy. Better to hide behind big numbers.
That is not true. The corporate tax rate cut to European levels will make the economy boom. That is the reason why it needs to be lowered.
Misleading response. Let's discuss EFFECTIVE tax rate. "Official" rate = illusion 4 corporations 2 act like victims. They barely pay taxes
Complete nonsense. The US corporate tax rate is about 37%. Most European industrialized countries & Japan's corp tax rate is around 26%.
#Kirsten2020
We shouldn't be calling it a healthcare bill at all. It's a tax-break-for-the-rich bill.

Let's not sugarcoat it: Democrats have allowed millions of people, for years, abuse the system that hardworking taxpayers have to pay for.

AND get rid of Medicare/Medicaid - don't forget thatVery important to end those "failing" programs & make sure poor die in the streets.
Truth is repukes are pissed at themselves for seeing a democratic president come up with insurance for everyone! Vote them ALL OUT!
Pathetic fools. Can't refer to them as humans cause most humans don't blatantly try to hurt others!
are you really that clueless or did Chuckie tell you to say that?
Talk about tough pills to swallow. The #AHCA will choke us all to death while the rich laugh all the way to the bank. #SinglePayer now!
Sign of true dementia - observing something that's an abject failure, and wanting more of it.
LET'S NOT SUGAR COAT IT. THEY ARE COLD BLOODED MURDERERS. WORKING TO KICK 22 MILLION PLP OFF OF HLH CARE TO GET A TAX BREAK! SAY RIGHT
#ImbecileAlert
There are only 10 million people on it. Math isn't exactly your strong point.
ridiculous that anyone would ever vote for a GOP!
When did Republicans get so awful? I have had GOP friends,my whole life,& never seen anything like thes!
Straight repeal. No replacement for this national tragedy.
@SenGillibrand  ADMIT OCare is about power & control! OVER people & 1/6 of USA economy! It's NOT about healthcare or medical insurance!
@SenGillibrand  TELL truth/facts about these 22 mil people! MOST will CHOOSE to not have coverage! Many will choose catastrophic care only.
@SenGillibrand   IN FACT in repeal/replacement plan has MORE Medicaid $$$ than OCare! Many states are "living off of" this $$$.
@SenGillibrand  SO WHAT if "rich" get tax cut? "Rich" includes YOU! And you DON'T have ObamaCare; Congress AND YOU have "cadillac plan!"
@SenGillibrand    STOP with nonsense; it's LIES! Like all rest of radical alt-left political hacks, you have no policies, so you lie!
But I don't want health insurance. Who are you to tell me I have to have it and pay for it??
Let's not sugar-coat things -"R"s are working with/for Putin. Anyone who doesn't see that as a grave threat to the Const. is dumb as a stump
Or they are mean as a snake!
Which is also why we need DEMS to go full #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
Because Obamacare's working so well?

Doubling down on stupid is typically regarded as a dumb idea.
GOP wants to give our tax money to Corporate Greedy like Trump and allow  23 millions die instead! RIP Trump supporters!!!
#ImbecileAlert
the part that kills me is they claim to be the party of christian conservatives.  God does not want this for the poor.  They are fake!!!
Stop funding Israel and support programs here at home.
The Republicans R not the only problem.U R  all corrupt.Neither party works 4 America or Americas best interest.U R all puppets of Israel
I think your missing the most important driver, they are trying to erase the Obama legacy
You need to push this fact: The Senate bill contains a provision exempting members of Congress from the plan.
They see dollar signs, not lives
A tax cut of two % which they don't need & which won't help them but will kill the poor! A class war but the working class is unaware of it!
ER care's a FED LAW MANDATE. B/f ACA Govt spent $52 BILLION a year to repay hospitals 4 care of uninsured. GOP plan has 2O% MORE uninsured
And doing this 
They will be covered for maternity, drug addiction, mental health
Thank-you for fighting for US, Sen. Gillibrand !
Truth. But it might help if you stopped saying "entitlements" and re-branded that with "earned benefits". R's rebrand all the time
This is it. This is our Little Round Top moment. It is time to take the battle to the GOP and stop this bill dead. Don't give up now.
Let's not sugarcoat it: you're a domestic enemy of the United States Constitution.
Actually millions lost coverage and want it back now.
We're not the rich getting a tax cut. We're normal Americans rejecting the ACHA tax.
Let's just say: more than 20M - fewer than 30M. The numbers vary so much, but that said, still too many.
That, plus they are running out of time on the #TrumpTraitorTrain
Actually, the latest itteration of trump/ryancare would kick about 34 million off their plans.  Not including medicaid/medicare cuts.
Actually, the CBO has clearly said that virtually all of the people discussed are people that'd withdraw themselves once mandate is gone.
Please stop with that fake scenario! It's the Dems that screwed up healthcare!
Pretending like you're not rich and don't have an agenda to line up your pocket 
And apparently they will let the rest of us eat cake?!?  https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2017/7/13/15966034/senate-republicans-exemption …
All the while ignoring Russian scandal... seems like they have their priorities in order.
And to say trump kept unrealistic campaign promise.
Can't wait! 
We're behind you @SenGillibrand Please keep fighting. We need you.
Fight them. We need more like you
I want it repealed now. I blame democrats for this disaster we are now facing
I've never seen the gov't work so hard and so long for a bill that will actually benefit so few, so greatly.
AMEN
May I finish the sentence for you? I'll take it as a "yes". "Tax cut they don't need',  according to #WarrenBuffett
1 million per every $1 million of Mitch's estimated worth (which is $22.5 million) #Perspective
You must have an extremely low bar to classify someone as rich. Also, those 22mil wont have to pay tax to not have insurance. IE, a tax cut.
Fu*k!  Your favorite word.
That they didn't ask for: trump just wanted to be liked......
Yes they are disgusting aren't they will democrats work to  help get a better bill 18 months out tool President Obama these 13 men rushing
And how many were forced to buy that shit insurance?
I was kicked off when I lost my job due to Obamacare. Can't afford it or anything else now.
Let's not forget: it's also spite for what the first black President accomplished.

#SaveMedicaid #SaveACA #SaveObamacare #KillTheBill
What was the democrats plan when they made insurance unaffordable? And fined people who couldn't afford it? Since you have all the answers.
Not buying something by choice because you no longer force people to buy something is NOT the definition of 'getting kicked off"
Billionaire Cash Reallocation Act - That's making 1% of America Great Again -- #MAGA for the richest 1% -- 99% of Americans screwed @GOP
He's not kicking them off of it.   First of all they were forced to have health coverage or get taxed.  Sounds like socialism not freedom.
Lets not sugar coat it: Democrats passed a bill that forced millions of people to buy healthcare, all to help big biz, via hurting small biz
I hear you, Kirsten. BTW, any ketchup in the house.
Under ACA, I got a bill for $51,000 for my son's emergency 30 min helicopter ride. Shameful. Anything should be better. Do ur job & fix HC.
Most of those 22 million will VOLUNTARILY give up health coverage once it's no longer required by law.
Nice lie, senator. Doing what YOU do best. Keep up the good work. We'd love not to see you in office after the next election.
People choosing not to buy insurance is not "kicking them off their coverage" yiu fear mongering dope
The ACA took the policy my mother had for 55 yrs. There are NO exchange plans in my area now either. This is your mess to clean up.
The tax cut is secondary the eugenics goal of slowly weeding out economically 'useless' people. Either way the GOP is vicious.
Let's not sugarcoat it: @SenGillibrand is not very smart.
Lets not sugarcoat it: Democrats are using lies and disinformation to justify Obamacare money pit & to accommodate goals of lobbyists.
Absolutely. I hope their so-called "health care" plan fails.
Lol this is such a dumb statement.

Let's not sugarcoat it:  Gilli is a partisan hack who will say anything as a scare tactic and play the identity politics game all day long.
Yes, it isn't a healthcare bill, it's a Wealthcare bill. #Wealthcare
on the nose Senator.
In many areas there's a single insurer offering a single (expensive) plan.
But, if u really think Obamacare should be saved, why are Dems not offering ways to reform it? Since u have to know it's  in death spiral
The Dems are engaged in nothing but scaremongering and pushing fake facts (like the fact that PEOPLE WILL DIE!!!!!) to,discredit bill.
One has nothing to do with the other. And your scary number is false and you know it and should not repeat it.
To sell lower cost plans, so how does CBO know thst ppl wouldn't choose to buy one of those plans, sinc the  cost was lower.
And finally, the main reason ppl aren't buying insurance on exchanges NOW is because of cost. But the new plan would allow insurers
Further the CBO assumes  that ppl on Medicaid which is free for them would somehow choose to not go o Medicaid because mandate is removed.
But if thats their CHOICE then U can't say they r being kicked off insurance since they CHOOSE not  to buy it.
THEN, the CBO assumes that beciase the mandate will end ppl might CHOOSE to not buy insurance.
So, CBO already grossly overestimated number of ppl who would@lose insurance since they never got insurance to begin with.
The cbo estimated t 20 million would get insurance through exchange. It's only been 11 million.
The CBO says most of them will drop off when not mandated to buy coverage.

I get not sugar coating it.
But could you stop LYING about it?
False! This is based on deliberate misreading of CBO estimates.
Not just so they can get a tax cut but so they can make all that money off drug companies etc
Why are $15,000 deductibles a good thing?
How many people have lost their doctor because of Obamacare?
I didn't notice that I've saved $2,500/year like @BarackObama lied.
I didn't notice you & the other Congress Critters using Obamacare. If you think it's so hot, why not? Oh, yeah...you're "special". Above us.
That's not true at all! The 22 million are those that can choose not to get the healthcare. It's voluntary. Quit with the lies.
Not having to purchase crap I don’t need is called choice.
Just like always.The LIES& deception from GOP, no surprise now.
Shorter headline: it’s a scam.
That you for speaking out for the American people -- wish our two OK Senators @JimInhofe and @jameslankford would do same - never will!
Fight it, Senator Gillibrand! I'm a constituent!
Let's hope so! I bet if those 22m need med care, they'd be working to get it. Yay! For tax cuts!!
Incorrect.  The majority of those would be young people who would opt not to buy insurance if it were legal to do so. #democraticliar

And they're screwing over everyone with employer plans who will lose the bankruptcy-preventing provisions of aca.
I'll see your 22 million kicked off health care & raise U by 20 million kicked off voter rolls
Let's not sugar coat it. Democrats deliberately destroyed medical insurance and health care delivery for millions with the ACA
And put this precious boy on high risk  life time cap
They don't have the votes b/c it's not damaging enough.
And insurance company executives rake in millions.
Let's not sugarcoat it- that isn't what's happening. But then honesty has never been your strong suit.
And how about making seniors pay five times more than younger people? And the loss of insurance for births and abortions? Disgraceful!
If you really believe that you should be tossed out of office and forced to wear a paper hat and flip burgers.
Please remember that a lot of them are going to benefit directly by the tax breaks!
Let's not sugarcoat it: the aca made health insurance unaffordable and/or worthless for most Americans
Not being forced to buy something I don't want isn't being "kicked off" of anything.  

Imbecile.
Also so insurance companys save money. Its their business model to avoid paying out.not possible to privatize insurance
Define precisely "kick off" Senator. Because you know CBO said that # may voluntarily elect on own not to obtain insurance. why obfuscate?
No, they're looking to kick 7m off health care.  15m will VOLUNTARILY drop their care when mandate's gone.  Try honesty, it works better.
Let's not sugarcoat it: Dem plan is failing and you have no alternative to fix it.  Enjoy watching us suffer with your mess?  Do something!
Let's not sugarcoat it: @Rendon63rd and @caldems are keeping 39 million folk from #singlepayer health CARE. #DemExit @GreenPartyUS
White supremacist plan to kill old, weak, poor Americans. This is it.
The Final Solution for poor, weak and old Americans. Fits into Trump-Bannon-Mercer fascist plans. #holocaust
Yes, ONE of the MANY things GOP are DOING to HURT hard working AMERICANS!
It's all about hating poor people & a black guy who became president. Twice. #universalhealthcoverage #now
Not just that!All of us will lose our pre-existing coverage & the caps on treatment will be back!Unless you're wealthy, you will be affected
If you're not rich, your value is of nothing to Republicans. The Christians in the Repub party are a special kind of God fearing people.
Americans will be like Venezuela, starving to death, sick and fighting on the streets.

GOP=Corporate America. We have a Healthcare Crisis & Insurers/Big Pharma are touting balance sheet wins to Shareholders #CORRUPTION
@RepAdamSchiff @timkaine @alfranken @NancyPelosi @MarkWarner @maddow @tedlieu @KamalaHarris https://theintercept.com/2017/07/06/republican-lawmakers-buy-health-insurance-stocks-as-repeal-effort-moves-forward/ … #SaveACA
Nice, just like Pelosi buying Visa stock while blocking legislation that would hinder Visa back in 2009 I believe.
You're an outstanding Senator!!
Let's not sugarcoat it.  How many of you democrats who passed this crap have it for yourselves?
democrats sure didn't mind all the working people who lost their jobs when hours were cut for the abomination called ACA, did they? No!
And when the time comes, we need to do the same for SNAP, HUD, HEAP, Meals on Wheels, and any other social programs those red states rely on
A list needs to be generated and circulated around the net so when it's time to vote, those people will be informed  #TakeThemAllDown
The salt of the earth Kentucky finally got something and now this horrible plan could ruin them
Donny carries the poorest states, with the highest medicaid. People need to know names of their reps who support these cuts...
Beyond cruel and disgraceful.
*while investing in insurance companies!
Let's not sugarcoat the fact that you're being ridiculous. @SenGillibrand @JillFilipovic
God I hope so if we could get 80 million who don't pay for it off we could save a shot ton of money $$$$. Keep your fingers crossed. $MAGA$$
Either all of us obtain the Senators health care plan or all Republican Senators have their own plan withdrawn!!!
. #GetGovtOUTofHealthcare #Repeal #DoNOTreplace #FreeMarket #Obamacare #Penalty #Tax
Let's not sugarcoat it, Kirsten, but let's be honest.  We are trying to fix a BAD healthcare plan that was flawed from the beginning
#StopOverspendingIncome
#DoYouHaveAnyPlanYet to
#BudgetYourIncomeAndPayoffYourDebt
#SaveAmerica400BillionAYear
#DebtAbuseInterest
@GOP
Let's not sugarcoat it: Dems still haven't explained why an American should be forced to pay for another American's health care costs.
Well if those people will go ahead and die @JillFilipovic should be in favor...helping the environment.
So let's keep the existing one up for vote that gives big companies gov subs. Or O-Care, which at least in OH, ins Co are fleeing!
- James Hodgkinson approves this message.
At least... he did before he was shot.
Thank you for common sense and helping.
Why is everyone so convinced cutting back taxes is just for the rich? Middle class people don't like paying them either.
Dingbat
Or just want everyone to pay for their own stuff, not too hard to understand 
There is not 22million on free or paying obamacare(10)& no one is stopping anyone from buying insurance.Hillary is that you lying again
Who is feeding you all that guff?  The same ones reporting ufo's and Russian collusion?
What should we do instead?
@GOP is at war with ordinary Americans. First by enabling a Russian stooge as president. Second by these heartless healthcare bills.
What good is coverage if you pay 700 a month with a 10k deductible?
That's complete bullshit & u kno it. If u choose not to buy ins. doesn't mean being kicked off. Let's not sugar coat it ur a misleading liar
How many people if color live in your lily white community ?  Lemme take a guess, zero.
You being the rich.
Please come up with another real line or a solution of your own for once
Here's An Idea, Try Reading The Bill & Compare It To The Disaster That Is Obama Care.  You Dont Give A Damn Because YOU Dont Have To Use It!
