Breaking News: GOP changed Senate rules to bar filibusters of Supreme Court nominees to clear path for Neil Gorsuch http://nyti.ms/2nh90FF 
You let the genie out in '13, don't whine now.
That was for federal judgeships and other appointments, not for Supreme Court picks. Get the facts
I meant federal appellate courts
Also the highest level. But that's not what Harry Reid did in 2013. He used it to have executive nominees & lower court picks to b confirmed
Which were being held up and not confirmed. Not to advance a SCOTUS pick
Republicans care less about democracy than about getting their own way at any cost. Bipartisanship is dead. RIP
Pot meet kettle.  We are not a democracy.
Totally irresponsible. UnAmerican. Totalitarian.
Want some cheese with that whine?  We are not a democracy.  We are a republic.  Thank your colleague Harry for that one!
the filibuster is the the greatest threat to our republic
No Gillibrand what you meant to say was 'irresponsible for our Bolshevik revolution' comrade!
I would wish it were so
US is a Constitutional Republic not a Democracy.
Dems past this voting change in 2013, live with your actions be accountable
Let's say #Assad gassed his own people, The solution is we will bomb the whole area
Well u can thank @SenSchumer for this!!  So yes it was irresponsible for the democrats to force the rep to do this! Pat urself on the back!
Excuse me, when your party was in charge, you took advantage of that liberally, and it's a lie to say the GOP changed them.
You have opposed everything & become an obstructionist! I will NOT vote for you again!
LOL @SenGillibrand only irresponsible when done by @GOP? You had no problem when @SenatorReid did it! No garland because of #BidenRule
Irresponsibility happened a year ago when Senate wouldn't consider Garland.  This is just continuance. #NuclearOption #GorsuchVote
And asshat McCaskill was high-fiving his buddies??  Good effing grief.
I think "asshat McCaskill" might be female. Good effing grief.
As a sitting senator you should know the difference between a democracy and what we are....a REPUBLIC.
we don't live in a democracy we live in a democratic republic
WHAT? Not irresponsible to support a first-ever partisan filibuster of a SCOTUS Nominee? Hypocrite.
This candidate was in play BEFORE the rule change

Ex post facto laws are unconstitutional

Senators voting for the change are impeachable
But you had to know they could do that.
This is one of the most demoralizing things they've done. How can we keep faith in our system when our legislators choose to break it?
It's only ok when the Dems do it.
Deferring to your expertise on irresponsibility.
Don't worry. We will remember this come voting time!!
Was it irresponsible for @TheDemocrats to change the rules in 2013 because it suited you we won you lost get over it
Must have been responsible when you DEM"s did it a few years ago!
Thank you, @SenatorReid @SenateDems for setting the groundwork for making this possible.  #confirmgorsuch
You reap what you sow.
Senate business would grind to a halt without regular unanimous consent in procedural matters. Just saying...
They cheapen everything.
@PoliticalJunkie00. Oh, Garland was also qualified. Senator, please continue to fight for a decent society.
Thank you for supporting filibuster! Bullies will continue to take our lunch if we don't impose some costs on them. Fight on!
Irresponsible like the way you dems treated republicans the past 8 years? Look in the mirror, you irresponsible sack of crap.
But you and rest of Democrats did this for all other federal judges. Come on, senate is dysfunctional.
Not at all since YOU and Shumer are only voting politically. As you know, Gorsuch is qualified!
Also, what did Harry Reid do???
The Republicans first broke precedent by denying Garland a vote now completed their unprincipled theft by changing the rules midstream.
thanks for all your hard work. Must be hard to sit across the aisle from this bunch
Our democracy died and our Constitution dismantled when Merrick Garland became a non-person to the Senate. We are done for.
2013
And you helped bring this all about... 2013 and your push for a weakened filibuster.
Was the precedent set by Sen. Harry Reid when rules were changed for selecting lower court judges and other nominees?
Irresponsible and reprehensible. #NuclearOption
Ok when dems do it though huh? Hypocrites!!
What happened to the party of responsible Gov't? Oh, I forgot. Everything the GOP says is just crap to protect their lying, cheating asses.
BS, you are a hypocrite!
Karma is a bitch!!!!
like in 2013?
So was blocking Garland. @SenateMajLdr & @SenateGOP don't care.
You can thank Harry Reid.
Two words:  Reid Rule.  The genie was in the bottle until 2013 when Sen Reid let it out.  Time for Dems to own this.
we r a REPUBLIC! Sorry toots!
Tell it to Joe Biden and Harry Reid
#ThanksHarryReid
Want some cheese with that whine?
I must have missed your Tweet talking about how irresponsible this was in when Reid did it in 2013.

Can you link?
Irresponsible for our democracy. https://twitter.com/nytimes/status/850023905028976641 …
@mfbishop_m29 @nytimes @mattfleg personally hoping his ethics pay them back with shock and awe!
Republic
Hypocrite does not even begin to describe your duplicity.
Democrats started this -
What goes around...
Comes around...
Hey, Senator, we're a Republic.  You should know better.
Could you do me a favor, and show me where you publicly opposed Harry Reid doing this in 2013?

#justasking
History will not be kind to @SenateMajLdr
They don't give a sh*t about democracy.
Potentially deadly to our democracy.
Your party changed the rules. Live with it hypocrite!
Karma.  It is a bitch Democrats.  "Elections have consequences, we won you lost. Get over yourselves" - Barack Hussein Obama Mr Bi Partisan
Well, we're not a democracy, so........
What was this then?
If I were Gorsuch I would be feeling insecure about my own nomination. He probably has no soul, so I doubt he has any problem with it.
Im looking at these responses & every one of them could have been made in 2013 when Harry Reid set stage for this. But I bet they were not.
Can you say "Constitutional Republic?" Perhaps you should study civics before you burp more ignorance out of your pie hole?
Our "democracy " has been a sham since the embracement of neoliberalism.
Hey if you Dems stop acting like 2 year olds !
So, to swing control back, how are we going to get the 100 million who didn't vote last time to do so next time?
Thank you  Senator for the effort
What democracy?  They killed it long ago!
Republicans have demonstrated that they do not care one bit for democracy. In fact, they quite clearly fear it.
So is only voting with party
yup. I don't get why they did that. I mean heck if they didn't have enough votes for him, they could've asked for a new nom or get Garland
No Democracy here.
No Senator, you and your obstructionist politics are.
More than irresponsible. It is a betrayal of American value of democracy.
Corrupt GOP
Shut up
Remember what party played that set of cards first. You guys can't have it both ways #growthefup

Extreme panic on your part. You still suffer from post election loss trauma. You paint Gorsuch as a lunatic but he's just a conservative.
they don't care about democracy
Blame "Chuck".
@VMSantos @nytimes 60 votes to break a filibuster but only 51 to change the rules?  Sounds like Senate was already broken. 
Have a sook lefties.
Aaaaaahahahahahahahaha
Sad. Now the minority knows that their position is meaningless.
Can't wait until the shoe is on the other foot after midterm elections , and they cry when they can't filibuster
Uh, this is on Schumer and Harry Reid.  Don't like?  Tough, elections have consequences and you Dem's got your asses whooped, thanks Obama
As was the elimination of filibuster for cabinet posts.
But the Dems did it, too. Political infighting has destroyed this democracy
You are the Irresponsible party. Do your job.
How could this happen? I don't think this falls into the definition of democracy. First the last year rule-now this?! #resist
How this happened? Thank @SenatorReid  for creating this. Quit blaming @GOP for using rules already created by @TheDemocrats
Isn't the senate supposed to be the chamber of unlimited debate? Isn't that a primary purpose? Could any law fix this?
How we forget harry reed started this downhill roll
No news here. #GOP has shown all along that they will do these things cuz they can. Use power to seize more power
It will come back to haunt them.
Your whole party is irresponsible.
McConnell will be just a footnote in history when all is said and done. Inability to compromise will put him on the wrong side of history.
Irresponsible to filibuster!!!
Dems got to look in the mirror and take responsibility.
People get the government they deserve.  Unfortunately, Tornado Alley is running the nation! ALL citizens will suffer!
Hey there. Be honest. Never had a Supreme Court nominee filibustered EVER. YOUR PARTY DID THIS!!   We are not dumb.
Disgraceful....
despicable, disgusting and a plague on the Republican houses
I fear that our system is now so broken that it can't be fixed. We have become far too partisan and lost the ability to compromise.
As if stealing the SCOTUS seat wasn't grossly irresponsible... will have to legislate 2/3 into rules if you ever get majority back...
Our country passed that point long ago & we've been suffering the fools. I do appreciate your efforts to stop the bleeding & it will stop.
What we SHOULD be talking more about is Gorsuch desire 2 send cancer patient #back2work dur'g flu outbr'k , doctor warned #whereiscompassion
This is historic! We are watching our country go down the toilet, we will NEVER FORGET the Republicans are responsible!!
But @SenatorReid The DEMOCRAT CREATED NUCLEAR OPTION. QUIT BEING SO STUPID
we will retake the Senate very soon. Let's please remember this when it's time to reverse the Trump destruction.
Mitch McConnell is a slime bag. Ship him too Moscow please.
keep fighting!
It is awful watching our democracy die. The majority of the #GOP is only concerned with $$$ + power, not country.
Reid changed the rules you nitwit!
A tie vote will give Pence something to do to earn his keep. But once Trump is removed from office, Gorsuch appointment will be in jeopardy.
BEYOND DISGUISTING.
When you don't like the rules, change them. @SenMajLeader is disgraceful
Hopefully things will change when you're the president.
This will come back to bite them in the ass. The sooner the better.
What's the point of having a vote if you aren't going to count it ? Thank goodness we have a system of checks and balances 
GOP has no interest in democracy, this country or the ppl in it. Only want  & ultimate power for themselves & corp overlords
But, I doubt you will be in a hurry to change it back when Dems are in the majority.
What will they all do when middle American democrats realize that they're out on they're asses because of NY/CA democratics.
Not sure I follow. Dems likely take majority in both Houses, post 2018 f: changing demographics.
No wrong tea leaves
Demographics tell us that many of the people responsible for the gOP victory in '10 are now dead
You around this last November?
Most of those people will be gone by '24. You'd have lost then if younger people came out more reliably, which they may in '18.
Have to watch. Thank you
Harry Started this now blame Mitch for staying the course this needs to hang over all heads during next run for reelection
It will come back to bite them in the ass.
instead, you should be telling Reid it bit Dems in the ass
That is the stupidest thing Mitch McConnell has ever done. Time to put him out to pasture because he knows horseshit
I laugh knowing the very thing they intended to use against the Republicans gets used against them!!! They dish it out but can't take it
Detrimental to our democracy.
#StopGorsuch
We do not live in a democracy anymore. I've never been so disappointed in my country. We have little boys in grown man suits running things.
Time to leave then!
We don't have a democracy. We haven't for a long time. We live in an oligarchy & both dems & reps are responsible. US govt is a joke.
I never fathomed considering someone with Sen McCain's historic background as a traitor to democracy...until now
Irresponsible is an understatement....GOP should be ashamed of themselves.  The tide will turn one day......
"Irresponsible" is too genteel a word.
There's no turning back.
THANK YOU, SENATOR. It was always a losing hand, but it was the hand that needed to be played. Moral courage is always ! #Resist!
You are wrong!!!!
what democracy? The entire congress is a joke...then you wonder why people are pissed. I say primary the lot of them...#CleanUpCongress
What are you and other Dems going to do to make sure McConnell and the Republicans don't blame Dems? They are already scapegoating!
Do we still have a democracy?!
