Healthcare is an individual responsibility! We will not pay for dead beats!
Kristen you need to open your eyes and realize obamacare is a train wreck waiting to happen, and it is. All aboard, next stop brokeville.
INDIVISIBLE called for demos today on healthcare.  Here I am in Coupeville.  Thanks Kirsten for your PERSISTENCE.
Yea since she voted NO her job is at stake for failure to do her job. Vote those that said No out in November.
I have been for weeks every single Republican senator
The Trump GOP is fundamentally the same exact party as the Democrats; they just tell very different lies about very different things...
...the above quote is from @KT_So_It_Goes and seems fairly accurate. Accept big money to run and you DO NOT serve the people's best interest

As a cancer doctor I know how many lives Obamacare has saved. On the other hand TRUMPCARE WILL KILL PEOPLE!
1st sign was "cancer doctor" no self respecting 'oncologist' wd call themself a cancer doctor. But that shows how easy ppls emos get played
Right on. They just another liar.
Go TRUMP.
Where are your suggestions. Stop criticizing and propose a better plan. Time to put up or shut up.
Been around health care all my life. Never been so terrible as it has been since Obamacare passed. Get rid of this garbage handout
God is the only Father of all Creation and the only author of life and finisher of our days and our only healer.
@SenGillibrand please let us help you. @RepMaloney & I have been working together. I'll come to DC. DM me. 7/25
I continue to fight #ACARepeal because of people like @morethanmySLE, Baby Theo & @RedTRaccoon. We must #ProtectOurCare 
Wish you were this vocal against ACA, you just don't care how many middle-class families suffer, they don't vote for you
Hope, Faith and Prayers are not going to do it. If you've got it in you (and I know your grandmother told you so) it's GO TIME. Go!!!
Another loss for the loser
You list again
Kirsten
You bet!
Remember when you were running for re-election & sponsored bill to eliminate insider trading in Congress, then repealed it after you won
Tried to call your office but couldn't get through! Who's a pro aca New Yorker to call?
Call the local offices.   Her Rochester office staff are great!!   I always get through.
Don't support the Mitch McConnell writing or repeal the Affordable Care Act know Obamacare and many more.
God is omnipresent by grace
Your Rochester staff might be getting tired of me calling, but they're always great!!
Good to know it isn't too late to call.   Which office is better to call, DC or their in-state office?
I couldn't get through to your office today- but damn I kept trying!
Repeal Obamacare
Did you try to help ? Or did you sit around an twiddle yer thumbs so you can point your crooked finger if it doesn't work like it should.
I tried calling your office today but your voicemail is full. Does a tweet count? Keep resisting, Senator!
Keep fighting for all of us, Senator!
good grief, I have @SenatorBurr and @SenThomTillis. All the phone calls in the world won't give these guys a soul.
YES WE ARE BUT THE GOP DOES NOT CARE! Nor does the "President." All Doctors, hospitals, AARP, Pediatric Assoc, et. are all against it.
Thanks for keeping up the fight for our healthcare. This is far from over!
.@SenGillibrand Sen I have left vmails and emails all of which have fallen on deaf ears. It is the time for 2 fisted Young Dems to step up.
#health #care #right
The only thing at stake is your livelihood 
Didn't matter 
I hope you listened well today to John McCain!
Yes, we are. But your Republican colleagues don't care and the Democrats are still whining about Hillary. Help us!
Very confused BOT .. lol. We know you're a Democrat Sen. Gillibrand.   I'm blocking it.
Yes. But some of your colleagues turned off the phones. And are proceeding to vote for their special interests and NOT the people.
As a nurse, I know how many people have been harmed by the Affordable Care Act, it has KILLED people.  Time for change
BOT! Lies and a BOT. Check profile & BLOCK
Whats at stake? You decided to stick Americans with something you Exempted yourself from....
Senators: do not  advance a bill drafted w/no transparency in a backroom that guts health coverage&has a 15% approval rating. Vote NO appeal
Thank you for fighting for us. Before The ACA I could only afford catastrophic insurance. I am paying less now for much better coverage.
Asking you and @chuckschumer to vote FOR TRUMPs SOLUTION and stop the partisan nonsense. America First or we vote you OUT
Do I need to call you tho? I assume you’re voting no. Correct?
I'm a constituent happy to have you as an advocate.
He's a bully and they're caving! How sad for us
Can't get through to most of Cory Gardner's offices today, busy signals or full voicemails 
Thank you for supporting and fighting for the ACA!
Ditto.
Any Senator that votes NO will be viewed as a hero by curtailing the influence of a tyrant set on destroying our democracy. #SaveACA
We know but they'll charge ahead anyway ignoring us. VOTE THEM OUT. If they think they can screw the people & still gets votes they're nuts
gillibrand for president
You Sen Shumer, and Rep Rice already are fiting this abomination. Keep it up.
Yes we are, Senator, but it's absurd we have to call those we elected to protect us to ask them not to take away our healthcare and kill us.
I am!
Thank you for voting NO!!
We hope you vote to drop the ACA and begin the process to make healthcare more affordable.
Tryin to call you but I can't get through 
#gillibrand for #prez!

Skinny bill probably means the House bill or something close. It's a Trojan horse. Be clear. https://twitter.com/citizencohn/status/889900400756895744 …
I don't think you need me to call your office and tell you what to do, you seem to know already, but if it helps I will. @SenSchumer too
Just left a message with your NYC office. Thank you.
Unfortunately you are my Senator and won't listen to what I want #hypocrite #liar #Repeal
So you don't care that elderly people will lose their Medicaid coverage meaning they'll get kicked out of Nursing Homes which will close?
Any chance you could alphabetize your list of senators  to make it easier to tweet at along with their phone #'s
Obamacare is not failing, the healthcare industry is posting record profits.
ACA removed lifetime CAP's, Individual-market plans cannot discriminate against people with pre-existing conditions
I have democratic senators who will not support this health care travesty. Should I be calling them or someone else??
Call them and get everyone you know  to call them and let them know you stand with them and have their backs.
Shut up your mouth
You think you are are hilary clintstone you aren't
@SenSchumer Thank you for your continued work for NY and all Americans. #SAVEOURCARE
Hello mam  how are you? I want to take a advice from you plz?
@BeauWillimon I hope YOU are pushing for NOs.  I hate that the folks The represent us are powerless in the senate.
As a family physician in Rochester, I value your work against this!!
I called your office today!
Not calling you because I'm assuming you are on it.
We are!! We are!
Thanks you for doing so much to protect healthcare for all citizens!
All their phones are always busy. Cowards. So I tweet Portman all day long
Trying desperately, grateful 2 U but feel helpless @SenDeanHeller @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenCapito @SenJohnMcCain please vote NO
This is a great tweet and I hope many Retweet it! RT RT RT RT RT
23 Million Americans are counting on U to protect healthcare and 100% of Americans need U to protect 1/6th of the economy
Why is there a vote to open a debate? I don't understand? Can't you just debate prior to voting?
Yes  yes @senrobportman. You need to vote NO and protect Ohioans.
The whole friggin' medical establishment is against the bill!

The American Psychological Association is against the bill.
http://www.apa.org/news/press/releases/2017/06/reject-ahca.aspx … 

The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists is against the bill.
https://www.acog.org/About-ACOG/News-Room/Statements/2017/ACOG-Condemns-House-Passage-of-the-AHCA … 
Called @RonJohnsonWI this morning! #VoteNo

The American College of Physicians are against the bill
https://www.acponline.org/acp-newsroom/affordable-care-act-repeal-without-replacement-harms-patients … 
https://twitter.com/andy_tweetz/status/889870804988686336 …

https://twitter.com/andy_tweetz/status/889869432448839680 …
Senate vote would allow debate to begin on repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act. Not to vote on bill.
The irony of McCain flying back to strip healthcare from millions should be lost on no-one been calling Toomey's office all day
Is it doing anything? I'm working hard and all I see is McCain coming back to make sure no one else gets the care he gets. I'll keep on.
trying but @senrobportman phone lines are full with no one picking up. hard to make your voice heard when no one is listening.
Try if phones aren't being answered!
Yes I know what's at stake, coming up with a solution that you've contributed zero input on. Great leadership
My mother is one of your constituents who survived a rare complication of cancer. I am so glad she lives in NY which protects its citizens!
We are - also, please do not sponsor S 720.
Run. For. President.
One of my GOP senators isn't answering; the other's rep said he hadn't decided yet. I take those as dodges. 
Thankfully I don't have to worry about how my senators will vote # I love NY
We are, Kirsten. We Are! This constant battle has taken it's toll tho. If the unthinkable happens, they will be accountable.
Could someone make sure if tomorrow's questioning goes off they ask whether Jr, Kushner, and PM talked about what to say when questioned?
Thanks for the encouragement!
It is really unprecedented that we have to fight for healthcare like this.. healthcare should be a right for all Americans! #SaveOurCare
We are Senator, I took a vacation day to stay home and call call call
GOP Victory!
What is wrong with you? Oh, you're probably already on Medicare, so you don't care abt the rest of us being able to use the same benefits.
No, I'm working against you #FemiNazi so you can't turn all men into #Rapists
Women don't turn men into rapists. Men choose whether or not to be rapists. That's the misconception we're trying to eradicate.
You're a #FemiNazi. You lie. @SenGillibrand has never disbelieved a #False #Rape cryer. #MattressGirl #LenaSclove #AnnieClark
Actually I was empowering men and women. Men have the ability to control themselves. If they rape, it's their fault, not the victim's.
And when women rape?? They're empowered??
When a woman rapes someone it's absolutely their fault and they should be held accountable. It's never the victim's fault.
@SenGillibrand has called 2 innocent men #Rapists. She took #EmmaSulkowicz to #SOTU She is a #Misandrist who is unfit to serve.
Nungesser had four other students accuse him of sexual assault. But yes, since he was legally absolved her comments were inappropriate.
I have been calling @SenCapito but no answer or busy signal! I can't even leave a message!
Pressure any GOP senator you can!
I'm sorry my representatives won't listen to me because I don't have 5000$ to donate. I'll leave you a like tho.
Sure are!
I've called my senators every day for a week! Thank you @SenGillibrand 
Made this spreadsheet w/ local office #s of house/senate to use if D.C. voicemail or lines are busy. CALL LOCAL!!!
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aNTEvz2N5il81uN5O18zEkvYVWAo9O-ObSS6akdBRuI/pubhtml# …
