It’s disturbing to see that the President wants to cut SNAP funding, federal food assistance, by billions of dollars
While it shouldn’t take government assistance for a working parent to buy dinner for their family, it happens more often than we think.
44 million Americans (3 million NYers) in every kind of community—urban, rural, small town—need SNAP to survive.
Budgets reflect priorities. Taking food away from children, seniors, and struggling families shouldn’t be the federal government's priority.
The question remains: How do we support our communities while providing a safety net for those who work hard but still need help getting by?
To fix our economy, Congress must work hard to answer this. But I can tell you for sure that cutting SNAP isn’t the way to get there.
"Liberalism is a Mental Disease." Leads to squalor, poverty, hunger, famine, homelessness.
Ideally SNAP would exclude #Dairy, #AnimalMeat, and sugar/processed "foods" as well. Let's encourage healthy #plantbased options please!
That's a terrible idea. Who makes U czar of what poor ppl can eat. They are poor not stupid and can make their own food decisions. Sit down.
They are not 'czar'...  they and many others, want everyone to be healthy - this, not have to fret as much over murderous trumpcare.
To want to encourage good eating habits is great, but you can't force your idea of "correct eating" on the poor. They are poor, not slaves
Hi Shannon! Thanks for the reply! So, #veganism is in fact the least costly way to eat and therefore beneficial to the poor. Thanks! 
No it is not necessarily so across the board, And it is not up to you to decide how the poor spend their food budgets. Let them have dignity
Oh? And in the duality of the Debate surely it's you to decide? It's a group effort to get to the final solution of #veganism
You can advocate for veganism, but not treat the poor like slaves that you own and can tell what to eat
What's sadder is how much garbage "food" is bought with snap, and how many chemicals are in grocery produce. Go local, save money.
Unfortunately food that ppl think is better for environmt & health isn't. Organic & local may have higher carbon footprint than conventional
If done on corporate scale, true; loss of toxic groundH2O is a plus. Agreed big org not always legit, but small local is easily verified
If you want gov't to guarantee "good food" ---its never been done. Cuba, N.Korea, Soviet Union; all nutritional basket cases. People starve
Your clever little "Marxist World" is starvation central. Ask any Cuban. Freedom has a price; its called getting gov't out the food chain.
And yet somehow it is.  And class is once again involved.  Good food comes at a premium, and cheap food kills...as it is meant to.
Apparently you're unaware of these creatures called Republicans ...
Whaaaaaaat? No pizza? I guess it doesn't matter where you live; if you're a democrat, you will politicize even the food supply.
Attention liberal morons; the gov't has no role to play. If you want gov't to own the food supply & GUARANTEE "good food"(whatever that is)
Not just access, it needs to be affordable as well
مرسی
We have some the worst/most poisoned food of all developed countries.
That rule was relaxed for certain people and places so that ppl without access to kitchens or too sick, elderly or disable to cook cld eat
U believe in bi-partisain issues? Don't see it yet...
Everyone has "access" to healthy food. James Madison and founders would be absolutely sick about providing SNAP. Learn the Constitution.
Please tell me where in the USA do people not have access  to healthy food?
Let's stop the over taxing and developer take over of our farming communities. #HealthyFood
As long as people think that fast food is actually heathy food there is no issue. Is there..? 
...and clean water.
...and clean air.

...also the internet, which is at this point in history essential infrastructure.
Yes indeed for every community
... it's a sad issue that humanity is having to deal with in today's age and quite possibly the major cause for so many of today's diseases.

bulk rice is cheap and easy to cook
I couldn't be more agree with you - FIGH - TING.
Absolutely! Amen!
"...access to healthy food," that's why we have gardens you dingbat. Gov't robbery does not justify the redistribution of wealth.
Boil it down to policy and Republicans WILL disagree
it's seems to be headed that way - you see - the FDA will no longer be in need - too expensive - the KING will import his dining
Agreed... access to healthy and affordable food should never be used as a political football.  You have my vote
Actually, it is.  See, you want to take my hard earned money and give it away without any oversight.  I want there to be strict rules.
Right, so stop with the handouts already, the nanny state. #DumpGillibrand
I vote in NY.  Where do you come up with such brilliant thoughts (sarcasm).  The democrats are the obstructionists.
I'll decide what's healthy #ThankYou
Reagan made ketchup a vegetable. Now look at the R stance on healthcare. Sen, you and the rest of the D's will be alone on this issue.
neither should access to healthcare.
What are you doing to get Cuomo and mayors to do their jobs?  Maybe take lessons from TX on how the welcome buisnesses.
Especially healthy food for kids. It warms my heart to support summer programs that help kids get nutritious meals while school is out.
There's no money in healthy food for big business.
Yes! Access to healthy food and (at least)  preventative health care.
What about something basic and paramount to survival like clean water.Protect our rivers and waterways from the EPA' s deregulation
Cmon really no we are filled with unhealthy crap why change now who can afford healthy food, we are a nation of junk food and diabetes,Trump
Anything that undermines corporate profits or alleviates pain is a partisan issue with the GOP.
Unless you're a republican and they think you should starve! Proud of your work and glad you're my Senator! 
You make it a partisan issue as you are a DAMN LIAR. No programs get cut, the budgets increase every year. at a sustainable level of growth
Newsflash. Everything is a partisan issue. Except if you talk to folks. Then you see we R more alike than different. #resist
Nor should it be ridiculously expensive
Past time for many states to file impeachment papers
If we can't call GOP policies evil yet then I don't know what meaning the word has.
Agreed!
Th
It shouldn't be any kind of an issue, partisan or otherwise, unfortunately some people don't understand basic human rights.
You make everything partisan. It's how you roll.
You'd think. And yet all people do not agree with you. "No food for the poors!" Sigh.
I agree
then we agree, @EPAScottPruitt has to go. he is poisoning our air, our water, our land & our food. he will be responsible for babies deaths.
Coming from a woman who took campaign contributions from the very unhealthy dairy industry this is very suspicious.
But it is.
Snap isn't supposed to be a way of life! It's meant to be a way up and off any assistance!
What does "access to healthy food" mean? Stores selling fresh produce in more neighborhoods? Eliminate produce deserts?
In the context of the tweet thread it means food assistance.
Food insecurity should be non-existent in the US.  Children who grow up with food insecurity have no end of negative consequences, lifelong.
You'd think that wouldn't you; well welcome to TrumpLand EOs & GOP free market doctrine: unhealthy is good & profitable for our donor$.
No, we can't all agree, and yes, it is a partisan issue. I don't understand why this can't be grasped.
SENATOR ARTIFICIAL PRODUCTS CONTRIBUTE TO DISEASE!
SENATOR GOOD HEALTHY FOODS ARE IMPORTANT THEY CAN REDUCE DISEASES  SUCH AS CANCER ;MY THOUGHTS ARE IMPROPER NUTRITION; AND ARTIFICIAL PRODUC
But who's paying for it
"I think we can all agree that access to healthy food shouldn't be a partisan issue" - You would think so. Sadly, we don't.
Should change profile pic to one with you looking into   , stronger image 
There is nothing Ppl like more than telling poor people how they should spend their food money. We like to feel we are superior to someone.
One would think, and yet
2020
Guess you'll blame that on President Trump too ,,huh?
Exactly, this and healthcare.
I smell another massive liberal entitlement brewing
I guess this is about Republicans making children work in their factories for gruel.
And Clean water
       Clean air
        MEDICAL CARE
It's time take gloves off/stop preaching pablum & talk instead abt president who is mentally confused and has daughter sit in as rep for US
But profits!
Is this considered a compromise ?
I think we need to have the biggest state-wide, healthy pot luck...different towns having their own pot luck and meeting their neighbors!
Healthy food yes, to often people on snap can still only afford sugary drinks and food high in salt and preservatives.
It should not be a federal issue either.
@TenthAmendment
@jennybethm
No, it shouldn't. But when the State compels me to support a person who could support themselves, then we disagree!  Stop waste and fraud!
Food in schools have proven to be a detriment to learning, social behavior and obesity. Good place to start caring for our future generation
Unfortunately Americans are over taxed and penalized by Ocare. They can't afford healthy food until #RepealAndReplace #taxreform
Allowing people in this country to starve isn't an option. The problem would be best solved through charities, but it's not. Therefore SNAP.
What is the plan to get healthy food into the four corners of this country? Also what does healthy mean to you?
until "natural" foods and veges start costing less than food someone paid extra to add stuff to...Partisanship isn't the issue.
All things vital 4 life; safe food, HC, shelter, clean water & air, should b available 2 all Americans regardless of their economic position
How do ensure people buy healthy food with SNAP? You cannot. Now are the countries problems because of a few million on SNAP? No
The GOP will trade away healthy food, healthcare and anything that improves the lives of ordinary Americans to benefit their wealthy donors
Cutting SNAP funding but giving over 600 million in foreign aid to four countries? America first amirite!?
It is an issue though. The GOP doesn't care if people live or die -- why would they care what they eat?
Trump admin just approved pesticide that FDAs own research shows causes brain damage in trace amts. Unfortunately hell, yeah it's partisan!!
Take your own advice
Sadly untrue.
don't go to starbucks
Agreed!
Everyone does have access to healthy food, whether it's bought is another story.
No they don't. Go into the inner city with no car and try to buy fresh produce on a snap budget. Research food deserts.
Sadly, I don't think we CAN all agree. If so, we wouldn't have food deserts and shaming kids for free lunch.
Agree..health care an uninalienable right....via consts...life liberty pursuit of happiness...its that basic per the framers
Or Health Care, my dear.
Yes. Except - Let him eat all the crap he wants
I don't think Trump relies on the government for food.
Exactly. He's free to eat all the crap he wants and golf golf golf!
That implies wanting a healthy life for everybody ... That belief contradicts 200+ years of American conservative politics...
