Millions have a stake in what happens next in this health care fight. Our neighbors, mothers, fathers, friends, children, grandchildren.
I’m ready to get to work to improve Obamacare and build a health care system that will benefit all Americans.
Never forget that your voice matters, that you can change outcomes when you demand action. Keep fighting for the health care you deserve.
#RESIST #PERSIST #PROTEST #GETLOUD
Did you issue an official apology to Mr. Nungesser and his family yet?
Solution=Every politician in H&S get on OBC and watch it miraculously get fixed! Happy Ending: ALL Americans can breathe a sigh of relief.
2020
That POS wants to stop payments to insurance companies.
@Brantinghamgirl -Sen. Gillibrand, thx for all your hard work ! We will keep pushing for a great health care plan !
2020 with Al Franken.
John McCain has the right idea. Both GOP and DEMS need to talk, fix the problems intelligently and not politically, and do your jobs!
You godamn right lady.
THANK YOU, Senator Gillibrand for being a strong advocate for New York and the rest of the country!!!
Thank you Senator!  Proud to be a constituent!
We're right here with you Senator!
Go back to EW !!!
The great news is Obamacare is going to collapse under its own weight and all you democrats will be to blame. The bad news is we suffer.
Take today to celebrate, then #Persist!
Three friends on the other side of the aisle. Start your negotiations now.
Thank you for persevering. Keep fighting.
Have fun taking more of my money and making me unable to afford my bills.
Thank you for fighting for us on this issue Sen. Gillibrand.
My thoughts exactly. Both the momentary relief and the realistic nagging that it will be a short respite.
Thank you for fighting for health care for all Americans and stopping Trumpcare! You've saved health care for tens of millions of us.
#TheResistance 
Should not gloat.
GOP can always come back again with another health bill.

And there are other battles before 2018.
Leave ACA alone. When it implodes make sure the Democrats don't point the finger
Yes, Republicans will continue to pursue ways to murder you thru healthcare denial.
No  profanity in your tweet?
Thank you for your hard work and support for your constituents!
didn't the system work when we had Healthy New York.
What is your plan besides single payer Tina? Help us out here.
You're right, Obamacare WILL be repealed...
And that will make your life better. Which is all that matters. 
Thank you for the work that you do and for your "Nay" yesterday !
Good work yesterday, Senator. Keep a'going!
Sen, thanks 4 your leadership in saving ACA
It has been too many weeks worrying about the GOP effort to take away our healthcare. Thank you so much for your work on our behalf.
Let it fail! And it will... you should have to suffer with ACA, not Cadillac coverage!
I'd like to know who the hell came up with that stupid name for it. "Skinny Repeal/Bill." 
I agree - totally stupid name.
Thank you for your work against this. Love, a constituent from "Upper New York "
Thank you!!
thank You Kirsten for sticking up for the average American!
the thinnest of margins.  not a time to bask in glory
Thank you for standing up for all #NewYorkers & all Americans against this awful bill. #SkinnyRepealdead
Thank you, Senator.
Time for you to stand up and make some noise. Take the lead in pushing for a better plan. You have been much too quiet.
Thanks for all you do.
Or and end to the problems with ACA
Senator please get the party on message and get Smart adjustments to AAA out there. Like using reinsurance to help ins. Co.s to reduce costs
Thank you Senator for listening and for your tireless efforts
Thank you, @SenGillibrand, for always standing up for working, and MIDDLE CLASS families!!!
True but please thank Sen.s Collins & Murkowski, without them McCain wouldn't have mattered.
We need SPECIFICS, Senator. I am a big supporter but it's time to get to work promoting real solutions to fix what is broken w/ ACA.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart for your fierce fighting for us!!
THANK YOU for standing firm!
Forcing healthy people to buy insurance to pay for sick people is unconstitutional. Democrats are Fascists!
Hey idiot, "healthy" ppl can become sick ppl in an instant and they need coverage B4 it happens. Nothing unconstitutional. Look up fascism
Forcing people to buy something they don't want is Fascism.
TY..please keep fighting.
No repeal.
No tax plan to harm ACA medicaid etc
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy Pence Ryan McConnell Kushner Sessions Devos &
The fight against cutting SSI, SSDI & SNAP is coming up. I hope Ds show they care abt the very poor & severely disabled. #Resist #poverty
Can't be Dems start working on legislation to fix ACA? Then present it the the R's. Better to DO than say are ready to do.
I'd rather we not fight each other but work together. Sigh of relief from someone who has private market insurance.
As a 3rd gen. Albany Democrat it sickens me that the focus isn't on fixing the flaws of our current health care system. Egomania POTUS!
So happy to see a few republicans do the right thing and stand up for the people ,not the party. History will remember their names w/pride.
You have no fight or concern for Americans or your constituents.
I called your office this morning to thank you for all you did and to let you know that I will continue to support you as you fight them.
KG it certainly isn't gird your loins an epilogue n th wings
Keep up the fight
So glad you became a democrat!
Just the beginning of the fight for things we hold dear, including those embodied in Constitutional amendments.
Thank you, Senator, for all you are doing! Please continue to fight for us, the people! I'm proud of you as my Senator!
Thank you Senator Gillibrand for all your hard work!
Thank you for fighting for us!
Start by regulating what hospitals and insurers can charge. Not how to pay but why things cost so much #chargemaster
Can u pls thank Sen Collins & Murkowski for all of us. We need more GOP members who chose people over party. Working together!
It is not the end of the fight. It is just beginning. Thank you Senator.
Now please work on whatever needs fixing....????? I am happy for all Americans depending on ACA.
Love you!  Thanks for fighting for us!  You make NY state proud!
Thank you. Proud to have you as my senator!
Thank you for your persistence and for your ongoing fight for NY in healthcare and more. Much appreciated!
#MedicareForAll now.
You want universal or single payer - move to the UK. We're bringing healthcare back to our families.
as long as congress exempts itself you are only blowing smoke out of your ass. Hope you enjoy working with Senator @kidrock #youearnedit
Thank you for all of your efforts to protect our health, our seniors and our financial security.
Thank you for fighting so hard for us!!
Thank you for all your hard work.
Make a "Women Senators Caucus" across the aisle. You're the only sane ones in that madhouse, and can make real legislation
I second this!! Yes!! Women get shit done!!
Do it.
