Can you imagine if we allowed a criminal with a gun in New York City to attach a silencer to their weapon? It'd be a dangerous mistake.
When someone gets shot by a gun with a silencer, it's quiet. Witnesses might not hear. Police will be less likely to track down the shooter.
How can we end violence in our communities if criminals can get easy access to equipment that'd make it hard for police to solve gun crimes?
Let's keep our communities safe from gun violence and keep gun silencers out of the hands of criminals. I hope you'll speak out on this.
Everyone wants to keep guns and silencers away from criminals. The bills you refer to are to make it easier for people legally allowed to buy silencers to do so.
All the “victims” of suppressed guns were in the movies…
So you are saying you don't want criminals to have guns? How do we find out if they have? Should the cops frisk ppl?
Oh no. My bad. You are a liberal, so you like tough laws but not law enforcement. I forgot for a moment.
all I heard was "blah blah, I don't anything about guns or suppressors, blah blah, but this will get me votes, blah blah."
Soon you will lose you seat sen/libtard #nomoreCaliforniabullshit #selfsufficientnation #makeamericagreatagain #Trump2term 100%
You're fighting back against allowing your constituents to protect their hearing when the engage in shooting sports. Y do U hate their ears?
you are such a tiger....and a buffoon...
makes it easier for me, a non-criminal, to buy a silencer w/o paying a $200 NFA tax.  You think $200 would deter a criminal?
WAY MORE PPL DIEING EVRY YR than guns but they can't do that then they would have to find a solution to help
"Silencers" reduce the noise by a max of 30DB you have no idea what you are talking about. Criminals will make them anyway...
with you being a Senator and all you already know that criminals who have a record can't buy guns in the first place...are you really that stupid?
Why would a criminal pay three to four times the amount of a gun for a SUPPRESSOR.
you lied to your constituents when you told him you had family that were hunters because hunters support this
no using a silencer in hunting isn't sporting.
the animals don't hear the shot b4 they get hit.. you know that right? Bullets=faster than sound.
correct he doesn't understand that it's for the hunters hearing protection
no it's not. Noise cancelling headphones are for protection, silencers are to reduce noise making
again you show your ignorance it lowers the decibels so you can hunt without earmuffs
hearing it, headphones are to protect yourself you don't need silencers because headphones exist.
except headphones don't let you hear other things, like game you're looking for, bears,
senator, you just proved that you know nothing about guns. get smart, before you say stupid things, after all, you are a US Senator!
you know nothing about how firearm suppressors work do you?
Even the ATF says it time to remove them from the NFA list. Show me statistics on suppressor gun crime. They are not illegal
They're for shooter's protection AND ppl near outdoor ranges, hunting lands, + if you have to shoot defensively indoors. #HPA
Hearing Protection Act! What a joke! Another example of the NRA's limitless effort to insult the public's intelligence.
Thank you for standing up to the NRA, Kristen! 
NRA is a membership organization made up of US citizens; in essence you are saying is she is standing up to constituents.
Happy to have this conversation w/ you when 100% of guns in the US are used for sporting purposes.
That is not the reason our founding fathers put the 2nd Amendment in the constitution. As an immigrant I'll tell you it is as...
....important as as important as our 1st Amendment. As an older person who has lived in a communist country, believe me it is.
Why on God's green earth would GOP want this? Thanks for your efforts to stop the madness.
Because real "silencers" aren't like movie silencers, and people who actually use guns understand that.
Thanx for the NON-response. They're not necessary for self-defense, hunting or rec. They are NOT necessary.
#GunOwners should be the ONES to Decide

Not Base Law on #Movies
So only car owners get to decide speed limits and where to put crosswalks? Check. LOL!!
Only People that KNOW what they talking about
yeah, that's good because criminals follow the law so well. We must keep things out of the hands of law bidding citizens.
There is no rational "sporting" or "target shooting" application that requires a silencer.
It is actually for hearing protection. What's your experience with a suppressor?
wear ear protection, now what's the excuse
a gun is 165 db, hear protection are only 33. Suppressed is still 130. Jackhammer is 130 db
easier murders to save your ears ? Wtf
I don't know any murders. Criminals don't abide by gun laws. If they want them, they will get them
so let's not have any laws, total anarchy is what you're proposing ? No sense at all
Do you lack reading comprehension? Law abiding citizens wish to buy through FED background check.
@shannonrwatts @NYDailyNews Never mind criminals. Why does ANYONE need a silencer? So you can kill others quietly?@MomsDemand
You know they are still very loud. Like a jackhammer, right?
never heard jackhammer coming cause head is up ass 2 far
was that supposed to be some kind of burn? No real argument
them, not u
My mistake.
They'll let anyone be a Senator in NY...

Maybe an IQ test to hold public office would help?

More so than this crap...
How exactly would a criminal pass the background check that will still be required to purchase a "silencer"?   (Suppressor)
#NewYorkers insist Kirsten go to a range and hear a suppressed firearm without hearing protection. #KnowledgeIsPower
@SenGillibrand you are just a crazy liberal that wants to get rid of guns altogether.
Gov as we know it is being razed,dept by dept.Maybe time for a diff game plan.If Dems can't fix this, how do you deal later?
so you mean laws not like this one?
. @SenGillibrand Oh @bob_owens .... thread...
Will you ban oil filters? Can just screw them on, they work perfectly, you FRAUD.
No you're not.
First of all they ate regulated by the ATF. You can't just go out and buy one.
Thank you!! Keep fighting Trumpcare while you're at it. Oh, and taxes! And Russia! Never give up!
with all due respect Senator Gillibrand you have taken #1 in the stupidest thing I have read today .
How many times has a silencer been used by a criminal, anywhere in the world?  Stop wasting our time, Senator.
Guess that's so the mentally ill can use their newly purchased guns more quietly...
you are not a judge of anyone's mental state.
Don't claim to be. I'm not in favor of people who a medical prof. has judged might self-harm having access to guns.
.@hauspa those medical professionals can't accurately diagnose, so you are no judge and neither are they.
WTF are you trying to say? Gun shop owners can more accurately diagnose potental for self harm? Delete your account.
.@hauspa you pretend you can control these things and are happy when your politicians pretend too. All seriously absurd. #Commies
don't ya love these these normies Casey?
I can't even.
How can a criminal buy a gun, much less a suppressor under current laws?
by not being convicted, only convicted criminals can't legally buy guns, they are not all caught on firstcrime
Criminals NEVER buy guns legally, since they plan to use them for illegal activity. #wasteoftime
#Truth  Just like anti-gun politicians never focus on prosecuting those who violate current gun laws.
Oh dear women, criminals don't buy guns, they steal them. So I doubt criminals will be "buying" silencers!
actually, they buy plenty on the black market and through gun show loop holes.
BULLSHIT. Period. @ScottERogers12 @SenGillibrand
are you saying criminals never buy guns? All guns used in Chicago are stolen, for example?
I'm a gun owner both hand guns, long rifle & black powder.  No one needs a silencer.
During a shooting class, you would be able to hear the instructor better, making it safer for every1
What's theory behind legal ownership of silencers? Understand gun ownership rights, don't understand silencers
Suppressors are for hearing protection. Silencers are a Hollywood myth. European laws on suppressors are much more logical.
noise cancelling headphones, silencers are to make it easier to kill.
I'll take a look at European laws but other than stealth (bad intentions) i'm at a loss to value
PS is there a specific Euro country to look at?
UK, Germany, Denmark, Finland only require a firearm license to obtain a suppressor.
go harbor an illegal an let the legal gun owners alone.
1: There is no such thing as a silencer. It's called a suppressor. It's still loud but not loud enough to damage your hearing.
thank you.
Laws need to be made to stop criminals breaking laws!
Did you know a potato can be used as a silencer.  Now lets remove them from the grocery stores.
you should have one honest thing to say while you're still in politics.
FLASH SUPPRESSORS ARE NOT SILENCERS. STOP LYING.
You should at least educate yourself on the subject just a little bit. C'mon. You know the internet is a thing, right?
lol suppressors because it suppresses sound. Does not work like a Hollywood movie would make you believe you're a joke
what about law abiding, GOD fearing Americans? Bad guys will get guns ammo etc from people like you, our own Dem Government
The ENTIRE 1934 NFA is in very serious need of total repeal as it is obsolete.
How about we allow law abiding citizens to buy them and make killing someone with one a crime?
criminals or law abiding citizens?
why buy when they make their own and it's called a black market
you can let other DENs know & NRA criminals -We the majority will NOT vote for ANYONE with good NRA rating.No more blackmail
funny thought the bill was to allow legal gun owners to buy silencers.
If criminals wanted to use silencers they'd make their own. They don't want to. Too bulky to conceal. Still loud
I agree! but only criminals. You can't take rights away from people without due process. But AFTER they commit crime then yes @SenGillibrand
here is a REAL RACIST she HATES Poor black ppl she doesnt want them to be able to defend themselves
Thank you. Sad you have to even spend time fighting things like this...
.@scott_dubois you didn't even read about what was going on. You believe anything she says. Criminals don't follow laws, kiddies.
Criminals aren't buying silencers. Just like they don't by guns legally, if they really wanted one they could make them cheap and easy
vent that roof!  Nice action shot Chief
Keep up the great work as democrats lose even more support from your own constituents. Democrats are gun owners too dummy.
.45 gun shot unprotected is ~160 db, impulse sound (a sound occurring for ~1 second) over 140 db immediately damages the ear
Get educated or get out of the senate. You wouldn't know a silencer if you got hit you in face with it.
Don't tell me, let me guess... One time at band camp you watched a movie and bad guys used silent guns? Good lord at the dumb
Try getting the criminals off the street for starters, quit screwing with my hearing
You know that the right term is suppressor, don't you? My patients who hunt need hearing protection. Why are you blocking it?
Keep fighting!
This could literally be the dumbest tweet of the year. Exactly how is a criminal going to pass NICs background check?
As you can see, the quietest suppressor is still far louder than a person screaming at the top of their lungs. By a longshot!
If they are so bad, why are they allowed & encouraged in Europe?
sweetheart, you can manufacture you own "silencer" & it still won't muffle the sound. Movies are not reality
I suggest you watch the Mythbusters episode about so-called Silencers. You might learn something.
is it not already against the law for them to purchase a gun or items regulated like guns? #themoreyouknow
This is the problem with people that are intellectually challenged about guns! Criminals are not allowed to carry guns!
there are better ways to spend your time. Fight for extreme action against #ISIS & better care for #Vets
Legalize silencers! Like guns, criminals cannot buy them. My hearing matters. Ignorant!
You really think it make a gun silent? Next lets pass a bill
to track down Mutants, it’s in a movie so it must be real.
A shining example of how ignorant are the politicians who run this country most of you talk without thinking
like all the other gun laws that take guns away from criminals?  Yeah, those don't seem to work well.
why do criminals have guns?
have with a legal firearm. U demonstrate u know nothing about guns, suppression, and worse ur ignorance on crime....
your tweets on suppressors are just downright ignorant. Does 100% lying to misinform people bother you even a little?
Uhm, your ignorance is showing, Gillibrand. There's no such thing as a "silencer". They are "Suppressers".
: This should never have been under #NFA. Pick your battles, they're going to be enough to fight in the next four years.
you have no idea what you're talking about, and you're harming women around the country by spreading lies and misinformation
You never leave your bubble, do you?
Criminals cant buy guns legally..wtf are you smoking! Also laws dont stop criminals!!!
Um, Criminals would fail a background check. Only a law abiding citizen would be able 2 buy these
And that is not to mention that suppressors were added to the NFA sue to poaching, not crime.
Did you know that gangbangers who commit most of the gun violence do not use silencers. Look it up.
If you did even a scintilla of research on the topics for which you vote, you'd know how absolutely ludicrous that tweet is.
Yeah because all the other gun regulation new york has passed has pulled down the murder rate. Right?
Lie
criminals are already banned from buying firearms and accessories. For the rest of us: " shall not be infringed" applies
silencers are not guns. Only convicted criminals are banned, do you think every criminal is caught first time?
you think people who have no criminal record should be banned from buying guns?
don't be putting words into my mouth.
No, you're just showing what a dummy you are.
Suppressors reduce the sound to ~125-132 db about the sound of a jackhammer.
You obviously haven't read the Bill. Stop lying.
let's back a bill to ban mufflers on automobiles. Loud pipes will save lives!
so keep silencers from KNOWN convicted criminals and that's due process. Because guns are a civil right, you need due process @SenGillibrand
Do your research. You're missing the point of suppressors is to suppress not silence.
I guarantee you lady-they can get them faster and easier than we non-criminals! Ate you being serious? Geez
You're fighting for ideology, not for anything that's actually going to make anyone safer. Imagine if you really cared.
How does ANY bill make it all possible for criminals to purchase silencers??? Seriously, HOW?
Hearing protection act will pass, and no criminals will use them because they want the noise to scare off witnesses. Jezzzz 
You should read & understand bills before you tweet lies about them. The #HPA doesn't make it ez 4 a felon to get supressors
You know that "silencers" are already very easy to make, right?
#dumbass
#gunsense

http://outdoorhole.com/how-to-make-a-silencer-out-of-a-water-bottle/ …

@SenGillibrand
This is sick and supported by the sons of 45 who say it's a health issue (hearing loss) for gun owners. REALLY?
criminals won't use silencers they wanna look trendy
have you ANY idea how loud a suppressor really is? Visit a gun range please before making statements.
U need 2 back up your hysteria over guns with some actual knowledge Silencers aren't silent. Stop getting your info from cop & robber movies
It's illegal for criminal to own guns, suppressors,etc. You are only making it hard for lawful citizens to keep their hearing
Please buy a clue. Get your head out of Hollywood's rectum while you're at it. @SenGillibrand
No one has proposed a law to make it easier for a criminal to purchase a sound suppressor. Your statement is false.
Criminals rarely ever buy guns and supplies legally. This isn't that hard.
You do know that silencers are not silent. They are in fact still very loud.
it's too bad the first amendment makes it easy for the ignorant senators like @SenGillibrand to misinform and sensationalize.
Criminals can't own guns, as per the law. Are you saying that laws are ineffective to control gun ownership?
By "criminals" do you really mean "Law abiding citizens"?
Criminals dont buy guns legally, so you arent stopping or preventing anything other than hearing damage to lawful owners
thank goodness. Criminals won't show up on my minimap if they have suppressors
I remember when she was pro-gun! 
has someone ever explained to you what a "silencer" really does? It's not like the James Bond movies you're watching.
She said this to Newsweek in 2009: "If I want to protect my family, if I want to have a weapon in the home, that should be my right." 
you should probably first call them by the correct name. A suppressor would be more accurate
It's a suppressor not a silencer, big difference, this hearing protection law is good for us hunters and the animals we hunt.
..I know this a rhetorical question, but Could you say anything more ignorant?
sit down, shut up
Because outlawing things stops criminals from using them?
Any half wit can build their own suppressor in about 20 minutes with common tools and materials if they dont care about following the law.
It's a suppressor, not a silencer. It still makes a loud sound, just not nearly as loud.
Then let the State of New York ban them. The whole nation isn't New York.
"criminals to buy gun silencers" Wow really? do you see how stupid that statement is or do you need a picture?
I wouldn't brag about such ignorance, if I were you. #educationmatters
those who say "why do we need silencers" ask urself why we also need mufflers on cars? Same concept dipshits #molanlabe
Thank you for showing your ignorance on this issue, the SAFEact stops criminals from using firearms so this does nothing.
Sooo .. Fight against Trump admin .. Why not work together? We need better state Reps that actually work for the people @SenGillibrand
a CRIMINAL buying a silencer? How are they going to pass the background check? 
senator gillibrand. You haven't got a clue about firearms or their use, and use the emotions of the masses to keep power.
SUPPRESSORS would still require a Brady background check. Please stop lying about things you know nothing about.
I know that you are just playing the politics game, but criminals are not wanting to buy anything requiring background checks
Bigger fish you need to fry. This is basically for hearing loss prevention. Not as loud, but the shot still very noticeable.
if criminals can't buy guns, how do you suppose they will buy silencers? You make yourself sound silly and ill informed
- your statement regarding suppressors is disingenuous, if not overtly fallacious. Shame on you, Senator.
ah yes, because criminals are known for following to law & making these types of purchases legally.  #liberallogic
You are not fighting back, you are virtue signaling to like minded liberals. There is no evidence of any of your claims.
criminals don't BUY guns or silencers
Fighting back? You don't know what you're even fighting...
how about you stop fighting the president and start fighting crime
sure make it easier for criminals to get guns too. Why not. The mentally ill shouldn't be the only ones with  guns.
well, considering they are criminals, they don't have guns to attach them to right?  You know, because of background checks
decreasing a 165Db explosion to 130 Db is not "silencing", it is merely reducing it to the sound of a jackhammer.
thank you! #gunsense
you would still have to fill out a 4473 to buy a suppressor.
You've been watching too many hollywood movies ma'am...  I know a number of NYers who support the hearing protection act.
Stock up on pillows before @SenGillibrand sees their alternative use
