Them aholes yell "leave it to the states " till it doesn't suit them then it's their dam way or the hwyway ... #overit
Their slave inmate population is falling cant keep all those beds filled without war on drugs
Kirsten where is your loud voice regarding the illegal immigrant just arrested upstate for the rape of a child. Your motto raise your voice
Are we truely surprised the GOP, 1%, Kochs, Heritage Foundation & others hv been ignoring all the ppls wishes needs & wants 4 decades
You are a senator, change the federal law if u do not want the federal gov't to enforce the federal law.
He wants to fill corporate jails.
At least we agree on one issue
C'mon Kirsten "raise your voice" for sexual assault victims.
So much for giving power back to the states
But federal law says it is illegal. So you condone breaking the law?
He should be working on the clinton and obama clan instead!
Remember, it's States' Rights until you do something they don't like!
C'mon Kirsten don't hide in this one because an illegal immigrant is the suspect
Do something about it. Full legalization now, immediately. They can't arrest the whole state
Hell no. The state should not condone the poisoning of its own citizens for the profit of a paracitic industry.
You of course mean Big Pharma.
I mean the intoxication industries. All intoxicants should be prohibited.
I don't agree at all. History shows that banning intoxicants not only doesn't work but gave rise to higher crime.
Sessions needs taken to the woodshed over this
Now I'm gonna get upset! Don't fuck with my weed Donald.
Remember the part of the constitution that states shall make laws to govern unless the Trump admin disagrees and democracy doesn't matter
C'mon Kirsten "raise your voice" for children.
This is just as bad as when the supreme court undermined the votes of millions on Gay Marriage..right?
Tens in millions voted to build a wall, replace Scalia with a Conservative justice and REPEAL ACA, and all you've done is undermine
.
#LegalizeIt #cannabis
#JeffSessions puts #marijuana users in jail even tho it costs huge . Your taxes pay for it.
SENATOR I TRIED MARIJUANA A FEW TIMES WHEN I WAS 18! I THINK IT MAKES A PERSON DOCILE AND NOT IN CONTROL OF HIS ENVIRONMENT!
THIS IS A SUBJECT I CANNOT SAY !THEY LEGALIZE LIQUOR! HOW MANY FETALITIES WITH DRUNK DRIVING! IT WILL BE THE SAME !I TRIED MARIJUANA A FEW+
Push to classify it like it should be. Less harmful than alcohol and tobacc in just about every way imaginable. Introduce legislation.
Please do all that you can to remove mj from Schedule 1 and legalize it completely. It is what the majority of the people want.
#GOP the Party of State's Rights and small government.
#GOP Government of Putin..
Just legalize it already. It's a goddamn plant. I can go outside and smoke grass and it'll do far worse than a little #420 can do.
medical research shows that marijuana causes several forms of brain damage, damages lungs, weakens heart muscles, 4x rate of heart disease
the US is all about the golden rule, whoever has the gold, makes the rules and big phrama doesn't like weed cutting into their profits.
You co-sponsor a bill that makes political opinion a felony.  Are you any better?
And he probably has a closet full of illegal moonshine!
@SenGillibrand : This is why I don't care if Sessions goes he's a backwoods little man not interested in progress #Dump Trump and Sessions
The Republican Party is such a fraud, especially under the Con Man in Chief.
.@jeffsessions just stop.
Depart of Jackases.
So you ARE for state's rights? Or only when it suits your agenda?
And New York? Open up or shut up on that one.
One can disagree with #Trump on many things, yet still oppose drugs. Gov't makes laws to prevent harmful behavior. #KeepAmericaGood
Good thing some people are still sensible enough to realize that the government shouldn't allow their people to be poisoned.
WHAT WOULD DRUG COMPANIES DO THEN?
your style of popular soverenty argument was used to defend states practicing slavery and jim crow. Just as invalid now as it was then.
You are my senator thanks for your efforts to fight another policy that is not supported by existing research. Medical marijuana works
It is dissapointing to see how you have lost your sense, and are standing by paracitic industries profiting from harming people.
Those states are violating the right of their citizens to be protected in their welfare, by allowing that poison to be legal.
There is a thing called the supremacy clause @SenGillibrand. Something which those states are violating.
Don't you know that states rights only matter when it's a conservative law!?!?!
Funny how the liberal states are worried about the environment,pollution, carbon footprints but then legalize more smoking for revenue. ?
Or how they chant people over profit, yet support legalizing substances that harm users, to allow corporations to profit from them.
Yah-so much for States Rights!!! #hypocrisy
Republicans must stop governing against the will of the people!
And yet people who might benefit from med mj will be prescribed opioids and may develop serious, debilitating addictions.
so you want to replace one poison poison with another. How about actual treaments that comply with the hippocratic oath.
Democrats finally discover the 10th Amendment, after shitting on it for 100 years.
Wow--what an effective use of resources by beleaguered Jeff Sessions...
Legalized pot means more money for the government. No wonder u r against a crackdown.
Hi, I'm running for Senate in Alabama!
Jeff Sessions. Has significant financial interest in the private prison industry. They make money when they're full.
Potheads R best inmates
But they're the party of states' rights. #GOPFraud
Maybe THIS is why #45 is picking on his AG...
Is it possible this marijuana is not properly screened and could be laced w opioids ? Idk  but maybe find out
More racism from this administration
@PaulMichaelMalo what happened to states rights?
The supremacy clause overerules them.
This is not ok. Say it with me- THIS is not ok. #resist
I thought Republicans were all about "States Rights".
Never mind the wish of the people! What a joke this administration is. Ban viagra, Testosterone over the Internet, it's making men nuts!
Change the laws 1st, no? #FemiNazi
This is just wrong. @realDonaldTrump is breaking yet another campaign promise, allowing the AG to pursue his backward agenda
@realDonaldTrump should know federal legalization would be a win because of the insane amount of money & jobs he could make for America.
The only thing that would accomplish is the mass poisoning of the public, accompanied with vast mental, medical, social, and economic damage
Of course.
I lived in OR after it was fully legalized. The tax revenue has been a boon! I hope NY will go to full legalization, too.
It's going really great here in WA with full legalization. There's jobs and tax revenue and no need to get a doctor's permission for med use
@SenGillibrand Anti-Boycott Act (S. 720) going to make all your constituents know, their representative is supporting suppression.
Legalize it!
Funny how selective they are in championing states rights. Voter roles?
States right was a backwards concept when it was championing slavery and jim crow, and its a backwards concept now.
Give Trump a blunt. Whatever meds he's on now clearly aren't working.
It is clear that Trump wants states rights when it comes to paying for programs, yet wants Federal authority to mess with state's rights.
I love it when the Govt. sees what the American people want then goes "Nah that's not what you want. We'll show you what you REALLY want."
DRUG CRAZED ABANDON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The right only believes in "states rights" when they are restricting ppl thru regressive, outdated ideas in the states.
Can someone say #governmentoverreach?
The states that have legalized it won't be willing to forego all of the tax revenue they are enjoying. It's a fool's errand.
I'm not sure you should be able to vote to legalize. What is the next vote to legalize speeding?
BS
Great!
This from the same GOP that screams "State's Rights!!" every time they want to outlaw abortion or restrict minority voting. #hypocrisy
You are my senator. Fight this.
Maybe Sessions will quit anyway
Correction: Trump DOJ Gears Up for Crackdown on Black Men
