Then U should know that supporting a Bill that makes Boycotting Israel or anything will result in u being boycotted on election day
How many people in NY disagree with her
Why do you want to criminalize free speech?  You co-sponsored a bill that would throw Americans in prison simply for criticism of Israel.
I think she already removed herself
Thanks, that's excellent news!  Nice job Senator.  It's probably too hopeful to think Schumer will withdraw his support as well? :D
We can definitely try to get him on board too!
Thank you.
Thank you for co-sponsoring the Disability Integration Act.
THAR SHE BLOWS AGAIN, LIBERAL _ITCH.
Good to know...
You only give a f--- about yourself! Ppl are tired of your BS. #VoteKristenOut
The first step to doing all that is giving up all big money donors and corporate money. If you're to be the representative of the people
Thank you! You give me hope.
Nice Public Relations tweet but doesn't change the fact that you don't do any of those things
Really? Does this mean your finally going to help your Delphi constituents or was that just more political speak? We will all know shortly
Thank you,   Senator, from a grateful constituent.
And from a grateful non constituent.
Thank you for co-sponsoring the Disability Integration Act. It’s really important to the populations we serve in NY and elsewhere.
BOMBSHELL! Comey’s FBI Helped Set Up Clinton / Lynch Tarmac Meeting http://truthfeed.com/breaking-bombshell-comeys-fbi-helped-set-up-clinton-lynch-tarmac-meeting/99099/ … via @truthfeednews
Thank you

Gillibrand 2020!!!
That's a bigger joke than Hillary 2016. 
God bless you and your loved ones.
My family and I thank you
For WHAT? What have Dimms done for you? Get a job! There are millions open now under Trump!
Have you co-sponsored the Cantwell/Hatch affordable housing Bill?
I would like to have more people in Oswego County Advocate for themselves. Ideas on how to start @Brantinghamgirl . Thank you for your work.
Thank you for removing your name from the Israel boycott ban. It was the right thing to do!
No thanks, I'll rule myself.
We knew DP Moynihan.  You are no DP Moynihan.  You're not even a Jim Buckley.  Your intellectual heft does remind one of a D'Amato however.
You have shown over and over that you put party before the will of the people.
Since AIPAC is after you now, I believe you. To stand up to AIPAC and to earn their ire is a badge of true honor.
God bless you 

Such a crock! Party of NO! Schumer & Pelosi are killing you Dimms! No plans, no leaders, no $$ - kiss another 1000 seats goodbye!
Pandering from a partisan bloviating do nothing Senator. Primary her.
Thank You Senator Gillibrand!
For what - specifically? Low information voter!
SENATOR AS LONG AS WE TRY OUR BEST TO SERVE AND HELP OTHERS !WE ARE DOING GOD'S WILL!
Thank you! How do we deal with Sinclair? Creepy!
I think the only people you want to help is females!
Thank you so much for your tireless efforts. Voted for you and support you %
I DON'T BELIEVE U. I HAVE CALLED UR OFFICE THRU OUT THE YEARS NOT ONCE HAVE U EVER WRITTEN LETTER TO THIS CONSITUENTS.PLEASE DON'T LIE!
I'm from  dem district in NY. Luckily, I have neither rep nor senator to beg in vain to do the right thing. Thanks Kirstin, Schumer & Suozzi
Thank you.
Pls look into farm bill Mitch McConnell wants "done fast" why the rush? The senator from Iowa wants same
Don't need you liberal brand of help
I really respect that u took a 2nd look at bill against Israel biz boycott. Shows strength of character & humility. Proud constituent, me 
Yet you haven't. Not one day.
Then repeal the harmful Obamacare.
Why did you give our voter registration to trump. I supported my senators financially and physically. Y did u do this.
What exactly good are you doing for New Yorkers?  I am missing it so you need to be more obvious.
#ABetterDeal please start using that hashtag to help get the word out that the @TheDemocrats are fighting for the people and not the rich!
Ok Stop funding organizations that kill babies and sell their parts!
Stop funding to "Sanctuary Cities" that allow people to evade U.S. Laws
Then you should have voted to repeal 0bamacare. Your words are meaningless.
Jobs?? Southern Tier?  Please Start working!!!
Try by getting rid of the prescription drug plan tax that SSA is charging your seniors who are on a fixed income
And we love you for it, Senator! You make me happy to be a New Yorker
If you really want to do good by those you serve then start acknowledging the consequences of your policies no matter how good the intention
Proud that you're my Senator. 
people can smell bulls**t a mile away...you're shoveling it lady
That was ur get elected promise about the same as the others. the ? is when are u going to start?
I trust you...which is becoming increasingly rare.
If what you said is true, Hillary Clinton would be President now.
You work every single day to turn all men into #Rapists
How refreshing!  Working on #ResistanceSummer @Resistorhood
Thank you for all of your hard work Kirsten.  Proud to call you my Senator.
I've heard that before...
You're a joke!
If Rs like @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr  have this kind of moral compass, Americans would unite and prosper. Instead, they value GREED more.
Thank you for your public service
You should work a little harder to remember your conservative constituents.
I wish Trump would follow your example in how a public servant should tweet to those they serve--uplifting and positive!
Jobs?  Southern Tier???
You do more harm than good, every day.
Thank you. You will always have my vote.
Wish @GOP felt that way. REPUBLICANS serve corporations, banks  Wallstreet and the 1%
Then why haven't you done your part to expose the felonious war on drugs, corporate complicity in defrauding tax payers via bailouts or

Please work quickly, before the new state media is the only media
thank you for your voting record
What voting record?  Ado nothing Senator.
#Gillibrand2020
Thank you for serving US in such a positive and effective way.
Jobs? Southern Tier? Not yet!!!
And I hope you keep working at it in 2020 :)
Right.  Jobs? Southern Tier?? Not yet. Start working for us!!!
Thank you @SenGillibrand  -- I appreciate all that you do on behalf of us all
What? No enemy backchannels to do family business deals?
Congress shall make no law .... or abridging the freedom of  speech, or  of the press; .....
