Trump signs order barring transgender people from joining the military, but current personnel may be allowed to stay http://nyti.ms/2voog3l 
Of course it is a mental issue.
Trump did the right thing. Wish you would sometimes, too.
You're not gonna be President, Kristen.  Sorry.
Let our military decide what's best for the military
This dictator has to be removed from office
"Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs."DJT
Exhausted by the constant anger I feel. But I have stamina. Will not stop pushing back no matter how powerless I feel.
Keep fighting Senator Gillibrand!
Gillibrand is horrible.  She stands with popular idiocracy.
I am for Israel.  Doofus.
@SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain #TransBan #LGBTQ https://twitter.com/USATODAY/status/902676290683101185 … 
#BREAKING Mattis freezes transgender policy; allows troops to continue serving, pending study https://usat.ly/2xLed98 
You have an army fighting with you!
What are you going to DO about it?
Is it trans men and women or trans women and men?  And how dare you write "men" before "women"!
Thank you for fighting for those who would fight for us! #AmericanValues #TransRightsAreHumanRights
Please continue to fight with all your might. Trump's children have not enlisted. Who is he to turn away those willing to serve our country?
Shocking
The cruel part is having people like u telling others what kind of life style they have to accept by passing special privilege laws
Do NOT GIVE UP THE FIGHT!
I don't know how U rationalize this stupid taxpayer burden, except to say U R opposing Pres Trump, even if it injures taxpayers!  Vote out!
Soldiers need limbs & medical care 4 injuries sustained in battle.  It is a slap in their faces 2 pay 235K ea 4 sex reassignment 4 healthy!
It took Pres Trump, 2 correct the failings of the VA.  Vets were dying while waiting 4 treatment but you want 2 spend 235K ea for makeovers?
Another Obama FU, to degenerate our military.  73% aircraft can't fly & Navy dangerously low.  VA killing vets, must wait 4 treatment.
Lady prepare yourself you will lose your senate seat!
US continues inequality hate  joblessness

Gop Reps end enabling Trump Pence

DUMP Corrupt Profeteering Trump all GOP Reps voting ACA repeal
Thank you for speaking out.  Society better, nation stronger when we are all included! #trashcan #acceptanceisprotection
Thank you!
Thank you Senator.  The emperor has no clothes on and it ain't a pretty sight!
You are trying to lower the morale of the best fighting force in the world.
LIAR! you will sell them out like they were hillary
Just block #Harvey funding like @tedcruz did for Sandy.
We are better than that in ny. 9/11 changed us forever.  We will always help whether red or blue. We won't do that.
Get transgender people the psychological care they need
Fight for their mental health, they need it...
The US Military is not the place for social experiment. Why would you want mentally ill people in the military? Ridiculous!!
So sad. A person who voluntarily gives up their freedom, is denied to serve our nation. #notransban
The US Military is not the place for social experiment. Why would you want mentally ill people in the military? Ridiculous!!
@grannynannynews 
Thank You!
Psychologists may have a handle on why he did this. Is his masculinity challenged?
In two weeks, he has freightened African Americans and Jews post Charlottesville, Latinos with Arpio pardon, and now the trans community
We need an emergency session of congress now.
God bless you
It was creul and wrong for you to throw my vote away to please slanders. Now i hope trump teaches you the error of your ways

Instead of moving forwards he is taking US back to the dark ages...
Thank YOU Senator
Nothing against LGBT, but I agree with President. Government shouldn't pay for your process.
It is cruel and wrong to subject the military to this nonsense!  Woman and men are physically different!.. what is so hard about this?
What does the difference between men and women have to do with this? Are you trying to say women can't serve as well as men?
If I get my leg blown off a woman isn't going to throw me over her shoulder & get me out. Woman aren't as physically strong as men.  Period
Wow, misogynist much? I was going to play nice, but you're an ass who has to like & RT his own posts because no one else cares to.
I send it twice to everybody don't get to angry.  I know your mad at yourself for being racist by telling me what's good for me!
U don't even know what ur talking about. It's just identity politics for u..a way to entice votes because u want re-elected not about right
After Obama, the second most evil man in U.S. history...
Thank you. A five time draft dodger cannot set policy for my community!
SENATOR IF A MAN OR WOMAN IS WILLING TO RISK THEIR LIVES !AND DEVOTE A PART OF THEIR LIVES! SHOULD THEY BE DISCRIMINATED?
Democrats/Liberals, do you recall GITMO and all those Terrorist/Drug pushers Obama let go and you are totally upset at  our President! 
Ray you are a troll bye!
What's cruel is placating people with the transgender mental disorder in the first place.
Thank you Ms. Gillibrand!
Neither cruel nor wrong.  Should not be a question.  Not everyone can serve.
Ahhhhhhh.... Deep breaths I finally have Hope! 
Guts, Talent, Real Love  for America and millions of Deplorables behind!!MAGA 
Thank you @SenGillibrand 

#LGBT #ny19 #ShePersisted
Is Orc a gender?
My wife is a doc who's  primary practice is treating Transgender individuals. She would like to have a conversation w you & like minded sen
What r u going to do about senator Maria chappelle-nadal call spade a spade she is a traitor n racist have u forgotten 22nov63
Thank you, senator.  Please fight for the dreamers, too.   And for killing any funding for a wall.
I see it as sex discrimination by any other name. Don’t believe President can arbitrarily do this without a court ruling, not just SecDef
To which sex are we discriminating against? These people don't know if they're male or female. Do you even realize how crazy your comment is
Just makes me sick remember when trump held up the rainbow flag and lied about protecting them. Thank you for fighting this.
Thank you, @SenGillibrand, for standing up for my community.
What's cruel and wrong is you representing the people of NY
She represents me just fine and I live in N.Y. state
Name one accomplishment she can take credit for.
Military sexual assault prevention and convictions.
"May"? Does @realDonaldTrump have any clue how they would get rid of #trans personnel already serving??
What can a regular citizen do to assist?
Get everyone registered, and to the voting booth... not just every four years, but for all votes, including this November.
Thanks to the babies in antifa and all the other liberal thug groups 2020 is a lock
Cruelty is pandering to their self delusion. They need help, not weapons training.
You need to see a psychiatrist or to be impeached:
Thank you @SenGillibrand
Fight it!  Love from Alabama!
Thank you!
No.  I just support ALL people.
Nothing to be sorry about!
No matter the gender, we are all people. 
