Between Sessions's false testimony & the Intel Committee chair working w/ WH to kill stories about Russian contacts, we need all the facts.
I'm calling for a special prosecutor & a 9/11 style commission to get to the bottom of Russia's ties to the Trump admin & election hacking.
@PrincessBravato Here Here
AND THE AMENDMENT PLACE IN THE 1986 AMNESTY BILL BY SCHUMER, NOT TO SECURE THE BOARDER IS TREASON
I can't believe how we have to state the obvious now but yes: a perjurer (felony) should not be leading the justice dept.
@Amycrocker76Amy everyone hacked everyone its all even. Can start acting like adults again? And stop acting 5?
@Amycrocker76Amy Obama tapped trumps campaign. So who cares they broke the rules. Its even just stop the crying already.
@Amycrocker76Amy its clear Obama broke all the rules so stop the temper tantrums!
stop your lies you and your party let's talk about term limits on Congress & Senate 2 yrs. max.lets make that happen now .
This tweet is a lie, and you should be disqualified from your position in Congress. #Resign
nooooo...it was just an #alternativefacts 
@WeTheFreeUS He lied...under oath... perjury....period! #LOCKHIMUP
King Odumbo was traitor for 8 yrs; you said nothing (Iran, IRS, $ laundering, borders, immigration, O-care, gutted military)
where we're you when Hilary lied under oath, impeach d3ms, they make America a big joke
@BerniesTaxRtrns True, and Trump is a traitor and needs to be impeached
agree 1000%.
@Bills_Chick It didn't exclude Hillary from running for President.
did you actually hear the question?
this doesn't go far enough. New Yorkers need you to call for his registration. Our president isn't even qualified.
It's these overreaching conclusions that hurt Dem arguments. It's not 'clear'. But Sessions is no longer 'beyond reproach'.
Perjury. Call for resignation today.
then please stand up for the Great State of New York and DEMAND his resignation. Demand POTUS taxes while you are at it ;)
This should lead to a criminal probe.
I agree and support your statement. Eastchester, NY 10709
All they need apparently is to hear it from some Reps, but they... well, we will remember when we vote.
@adirado29 The Boy clearly lied under oath & Republicans don't care.
pure and simple, that's the way it's supposed no work. No one above the law in this nation.
It should lead to sanction.
#Censure
@jfphillips1981 or ever practicing law again. Disbarment, please?
It's the "Do as I say, not as I do" mentality; that seems to be the current philosophy. Who do they think they're kidding?
Yes! Thanks for being such a strong, uncompromising voice under this administration.
@Lily_v_Shtupp Can't have a perjuror as chief LEO of the country. There are already too many of them up and down the line.
This should have him arrested.
didn't disqualify HRC for Prez?
@imwithillary IF U LIE TO THE COURT WHILE UNDER OATH WHAT HAPPENS?MY LAWYER SAID I PERJURDED MYSELF.A LIE IS A LIE.GUILTY
@imwithillary I'm pretty sure what happens to me if I tell a lie while under oath. Is it equal justice for all or not? Simple
@imwithillary bottom line Jeff sessions lied to the Senate under oath. Is that legal or not? If not he resigns or resign him
As AG he should now identify with folks
who can't recall meeeting anyone or what they said.
Thank you for all you are doing. Proud to have you as my senator
#SessionsShouldBeTaillights
You go girl!!
if only you had been so passionate about Eric Holder misleading Congress, contempt, Fast & Furious, Lynch-Clinton tarmac date
And then he said he was meeting with Russian envoy "as Senator". And then it was disclosed he used Trump Campaign funds for the meeting.
And he was the only senator to do so
@blogdiva He should serve jail time for perjury
I listened to the interview with Congress..Why don't u just get to work. U need to resign!!
So many roads lead to Russia and Trump ties and lies. Keep digging folks. Our educated minds will not be deflected by drama.
and it does qualify him for jail.
@red3blog also ANY TRUMP APPOINTEE.
We appreciate your hard work! It's never been so important!!
Given his track record, he was never qualified to lead the justice department in the first place.
Thank you! We must bring these treasonous liars to justice.
agreed! Thank you for advocating his resignation
Keep up the good work. And thank you again for not voting for his nominees.
But it SHOULD qualify him for a nice efficiency in Leavenworth. #sessiongate
@BodhisattvaKat it's done all the time by corrupt law enforcement. He's no different. It's called a testi-lie. Prosecute him.
@unlewis Was he warned? Was he given an explanation? Yet still he persisted in perjuring himself?
I agree, lets do something!
What's clear is that u and your cowardly colleagues hammered a man who has honorably served our country in the DOJ & Army
Thank you, @SenGillibrand - I whole-heartedly agree! The only logical and ethical step is for Sessions to resign.
At least two others agree! (including me)
No, it's not clear. Maybe it will be, but can we be innocent til proven guilty? Or is that only for Holder?
Thanks for standing up on this. He should resign or be impeached.Perjury on such a vital matter is absolutely unacceptable.
@JustSchmeltzer We have your back, Senator!
all you've become is an obstructionist.
it is clear Democrats are the party of #SoreLosers who think it is okay to undermine the election #Trump #MAGA
You are such an embarrassment for my State of NY. Read the question then the answer, sorry no pictures
@UndergroundSch2 He's illegitimate however this turns out.
and if he committed purgery he should be arrested..& arrested on prime time TV! this friggin reality-show administration!
agreed! So now what? What r u prepared to do?
he's the tip of the iceberg
@BevDiane and he should go to jail.
You would think so, but in Trumpland it could get him a medal.
it should but somehow won't
No it's OK that he lied. All President Bannon Trump staff are pathological liars. It is a requirement for the job.
Mr. Sessions is an object lesson of the "do as I say, not as I do" affliction besetting the Republican Party. @ginsengity
you forget about a tarmac in LA? Please.
Lynch recused herself immediately.  She did not perjure herself under oath to Congress and FBI.  Grow up
Thank you Senator
@erupton #LOCKHIMUP
Why are they getting away with this behavior? ??
It is like we are living an episode of The Twilight Zone...nightmare!
yes! Thank you senator. Sessions can not guide and protect the law when he himself breaks the law. #SessionsResignNOW
Thank you for your consistency in opposing trump's cabinet picks. Sessions should never have been confirmed and needs to go!
I absolutely agree and can't fathom that the Republicans ignore it or deny a blatant lie under oath.
Really? I read the transcript and it is not clear. Why do politicians like to use that word "clear?" Is that to show us up?
and we have to find out why FBI did not advise Congress of any of it!!!
LEADING key word smh... #Sessions
@your_bunny1 It's only perjury if you're poor, black or both.
This is not courage it's whiney little baby crap
As one of ur constituents, I hope u & ur colleagues will pursue this result. Thank u for representing me.
now that GOP runs everything, the rules seem too no longer apply.
Thank you for fighting for what is right.
have you always been stupid or just corrupt or a little of both? Let us know sweetie.
He can either resign or we can spend the next 3 years arguing over what the meaning of the word 'is' is. That could be fun.
@Snowdriftd You can use the R word. Resign!!
.@SenGillibrand sessions MUST RESIGN NOW. He LIED under oath. He is a FELON
"false testimony" lying, no?
a lot to do about nothing. He did not lie. You on the other hand...
Please listen again to his testimony. It is not clear at all. The evidence is that he is being completely truthful.
apparently you have a large problem with comprehension! You are a Bozo!
Amen Senator @SenGillibrand
@BrookeFitzroy he should have his citizenship revoked
Um, isn't' perjury a crime?  Shouldn't he be going to prison?
Thank you for speaking out.
at a minimum!!
Yes. He should resign. As should scott Pruitt since he also lied during confirmation about use of personal email.
Investigate + prosecute ALL involved in #TrumpRussia, @SenGillibrand!
This is a nasty, tangled web. See @Khanoisseur @funder.
@RepAdamSchiff
#GOPutin
sure shouldn't disqualify him from prison!
ITS NOT CLEAR!  Where's the evidence it was unlawful?  Senators should be above this...
It should put him in jail! The Senate should be furious! Keep up the pressure, please.
Thank you for your work #investigatetrump #investigateSessions #Russia It's all about the OIL & $$$
@sdornan Not clear at all dear.
@Hope012015 its clear youre an antisemite for meeting with Palestinian ambassador and should resign
LOCK HIM UP
AGREE!
@GroovyTimes777 He should be removed! This was treason years ago and this is treason NOW!
It seems the Hypocritical Shoe is now on the Ironical Foot #TrumpRussia #Resist
, low IQ Democrats could make secret deals with Iran, please Cuba, but not dealing with Russia? Stupid!
， I support Russian Contacts. Without Russian ally, we can't win WW2, even Stalin is much worse than Putin.
It's not so much qualification, but how could he restore any semblance of Trust?
you are our rock through this! Thanks! #naturalbornleader
@NARAL STEP DOWN GILLIBRAND AS YOU ARE TOO IGNORANT
It should disqualify him from walking around as a free American. #LockHimUp
it should disqualify him from walking around free. #LockHimUp
It should do more than disqualify him, he should be charged with perjury just as us ordinary citizens would #Sessions
@ezlusztig shouldn't it qualify him for some good ol' boy time in one of his private prisons he lives so much? Perjury?
YES!!! #Sessions lied and there are too many ties to #Russia
it is not clear. The only thing clear is that you are a left wing hack with an agenda.
Thank you for being a reliable & principled Senator who doesn't back down. So proud to call you my Senator!
documented testimony
Clear? Really? All fake news. @jeffsessions never spoke to Russians about campaign. You & Clown @SenSchumer are fools. #MAGA
@debs_2017 it's actually not that clear which is why he will likely not be charged with perjury. We will see.
Trump is going to be arrested for treason. Just a matter of time. PUSH PUSH PUSH! This shall not stand! #realnews
I guess you read a different transcript than I did.
YES! He is unfit and needs to resign or be FIRED! NO to Sessions! Investigate! Thank you, Senator! #realnews #stopsessions
Thank you for your principled stand on this! (10036)
thank you yes he must resign
@NARAL wow - so quick to presume guilt.  How unamerican of you.
@ezlusztig Yes!  We appreciate your hard work Senator.   #resist #lyingSessions
@ezlusztig cheating Sanders doesn't disqualify you? Go away you corporate hack.
after further investigation, it seems the question asked by Sen Franken involved acting as a polit. surrogate
it should be grounds for a perjury hearing and disbarment
I honestly thought if you lie under oath you go to prison. I'll accept him stepping down and disappearing forever though.
We can't accept them getting away with treason.   #resist
@taboo1099 Absolutely!  He should be removed or resign...no other choices...
oh stop being so silly
4thTrump contact to lie about Russia contact.
How plausible is it that Trump knew nothing?
#TrumpRussia @SenGillibrand @ezlusztig @TomPerez
@ezlusztig "false testimony" = LIED
Entirely true. Same should apply to other cab secs who lied at their hearings.
He needs to resign just get in line with the others. Collusion and corruption must be investigated we DEMAND it.
He needs to resign now. What are you and the rest of the Senate going to do about this?
great so let's make it happen.
more than that, perjury is a CRIMINAL offense. A felony on the fed level, with up to 5 years of prison
Michael Cohen, Paul Manafort, Carter Page, Michael
Flynn, Wilber Ross,  Steve Bannon, Jeff Sessions --
all tied to Russia. Surely there are more (besides #45 that is). When does the impeachment start?
Thank you.
first he answer the Sen question. If you were a Lawyor you would know he didn't lie
He also gave false testimony about his role in one of his cited cases. That is two.
#IStandWithSessions
U R disgusting ALL the dems are proving they are willing to spread false information w/o facts so glad I #DemExit when I did
it's clear that you're a hack
#coupdetat
it should disqualify him from living anywhere outside of a federal penitentiary.
@realDonaldTrump @jeffsessions drain the swamp, lying, treasonous bastards should be in jail, not running this country
No
he appeared to have perjured himself. A federal crime.
The entire country is laughing at you.
@MoveOn @jeffsessions #SpecialProsecutor #IndependentInvestigation @POTUS #SessionsResign
Dear Senator, can you worry about fixing upstate NY for a little while instead of the games being played in DC
Please check the timeline as to when Sessions met with Kislyak and when the changes to the RNC platform were made RE Ukraine.
Sadly, it won't make one darn bit of difference. Ethics are of no concern to this Administration.
The time has come for this SESSIONS to be over.
He needs to go. Bigly.
And the lack of "lock him up" chants...that silence is deafening....
In 1999, then Sen Sessions described perjury claims against President Bill Clinton as “serious allegations.”
@MoveOn PRISON.
You are rocking it!  Truth to power.
Why isn't giving false testimony under oath probable cause of criminal perjury?
