It would be beyond irresponsible to allow Syria attack loving Chuck leadership when not if the Dictator rattles the saber in Iran.
His vote during the @POTUS44 administration clearly means recusal needs to happen now.
Imagine his irresponsible response to an attack on Iran without congressional approval?
I'll take our parties chances to win anything seriously when this clown is tossed out
who is rewarded with Leadership in our party..when they vote against our peace and security?
The national monuments, and our public lands, please help protect them from development! Keep our wild Wild.
We could ask the same of you.  Why no investigations???
How ur buddy Linda sarsour the terrorist doing?
Thank you @SenGillibrand for supporting New Yorkers and fighting against the so many ways the WH is seeking to trample on the constitution
Trump's tax plan benefits the wealthy and corporations (himself) and hurts the hard-working middle class. Especially in NYC. Please OPPOSE!
Why were election results never challenged?
Stein started in some swing states, raised $, filed papers. May have been ploy 2 give hackers time to erase their tracks as much as possible
We'll I really wanted to know why no dem in the house or the senate did.It just doesn't make sense.Given all we've learned about russia
They took their cue from Obama, who wanted a fast transition. That was a mistake, why he handed WH to liar who led birthers is a mystery.
Obama's transition wasn't surrounded by corruption.Aside from Trump saying he wanted to see his birth certificate,Yet Trump won't show taxes
Senator, Please vote no on #trumpcare. I am yr constituent. Thank you. Keep fighting! #ilovenewyork
VOTE NO!!!!!
You may try reaching out to the little guy like me. Bashing Trump 24/7 is not going to cut it. Appeal to people with something.
NY DOH is needs to speed up on the regulations for birthing centers. Certificate of Need should be waived. NY needs birthing centers!
Are you listening to your constituents about #MedicareForAll Are you going to vigorously support it?
#TitleNineforall
EVERY DAY.....it has become my life's work!
I speak put against #AHCA on behalf of #cysticfibrosis & for accessible adequate affordable healthcare @CF_Foundation #cfadvocacy
Cursing is not a platform. Fix the DNC or we are screwed in 2018.
How can I pitch in on your reelection campaign with deeds & work? I have a posse, and we want to help! @JasaraP @ShannonKing19
You could shut up and work.
No crazy strike on  North Korea.
The biggest issue in need of action is the failure of the Senate Intelligence Comm. to investigate Russia gate. Please push!
We learned from Flint, Mich., you can't poison a community's drinking water. Stop the pipeline! Stop DaPL!
No wars.   No walls.  Bridges, roads, health, schools, clean air/water.  Impeach Voldemort.
@SenateDems u mean March, break stuff, cry, wear skinny jeans , quit my McDonald's job in protest?  Got it
Agree.
I will continue to speak up for the truth and what is right. Thank you for continuing to fight for us.
Do you know when I'm speaking out against deplorables? Every time my jaw moves. Let's fix this.
Agree 100%! Thank you for all you're doing. 
We need Obama back he decimated the bench over 1000 seats lost wish he could have stuck around to get rid of more
Gerrymandering cost those seats. O is the most popular in history, Trump, not so much
Give us our guns back! Speaking out doesn't work when the legislature doesn't share you're sentiment
@SenateDems - Reform Farm Bill & Crop ins program to reflect what is needed not what can be taken .
We do not want Trump Health Care, &a we do not want to pay for a wall between Mexico & UAS
Yes Sen. Speak out. Linda sarsour? Still hold the radical Islamist in high regard?
What if my advocacy is for the unborn? Then I am to keep quiet, right?
My only issue is why won't you run for President in 2020 please
Like liberal freaks that don't know which bathrooms to use.
Please tell us what is the best way for Washington to hear us?  Phone? Email? Protest?
Vote no on all of Trumps demands, and when the government shuts down possibly he will figure out he is not a dictator or impeached Trump now
Run for President already! :)
Are you voting against absolutely everything just so you can claim you did when you're running for re-election?
Do you listen?
I'm in construction and can definitely help with building the wall. Thanks for the advice, @DNC!
I know russiagate will hopefully get investigated.  What about all these vacations and money he's making on presidency
I'm sure Russiagate with make his vacation/golf look like pocket change. Keep focused.
You kidding? I'm on a first name basis w/my elected's phone staff!
Nothing seems 2 help even though feel like I am screaming & I am so lucky to have 2 Senators & a rep who r fighting for the good of ppl
Meant to add thank u
I speak out every day
Did you really need to employ colorful metaphors?That is not something a US Senator&role model is supposed to do.Perez is the reprobate.
We are trying but. NOthing seems to be happening
The Resistance is working. There is no wall, but there is Obamacare. Trumps two biggest promises failed.
How come these issues weren't resolved over obama's term?
That's why I love you. You really care about your constituents & all American people. God bless you. That's very good advice.
Think about running.  Someone must start now for 2020.  You r possible.But now is the time. The dems need a leader, schumer is 2 old and NY
Yours, too, Senator. We are counting on you
What needs the most attention?
We are, Kirsten! We are! (Called Sen Burr's office today)
Talents are desperately needed to replace you lying politicians!
You let the fbi steal the election and now you are just trying to normalize it. Your as guilty as they are, especially since im the only law
The party I've voted for in every election since I turned 18 is dying because you won't take a position more specific than "bullying is bad"
Yes, now they need to act on it. We know the problem.  Get Trump out
Student loans, TAXES, MTA, utilities, TAXES, oil, TAXES, Cuomo trying to take our pensions, TAXES. And did I mention, TAXES!
I've contacted your Albany office to volunteer but never heard back.
WE NEED YOU TO SAVE #SMALLBIZ! #SAVEH2B @SBALinda
We need all who can to speak out yo stop this cover up and get to the truth no matter what or who it involved
#TrumpRussia is most important. Fix that and the rest can heal or fall into place.
Yes support #RACE4ChildrenAct #STARAct . Kids dying should be important.
Fine, but @TomPerez isn't listening to women and it's pissing us off .. maybe you can pass that along ...
I have my MOC, senators in PA on speed dial along w chaffetz, burr and other imp. Ones!
We're working on it here in South Carolina. Trying to get @Frank4Congress elected to Congress! #flipthe5th #SC5
I do! Hope you been getting my calls and faxes! @botresist #resist
I try to do so daily!  A challenge here in Oklahoma, though.
