U.S.Congress:
When the President of US sympathizes with the KKK, Neo Nazis, & white supremacists, it is time to enact the 25th amendment.
Yeah, that will help heal our nation. Stop being so shallow.
Your side has shown itself to be exceedingly violent in the past year. Do you condemn the political violence and murder on the left?
Well, he took care of the latter. He is no longer considered the leader of the free world. Pulverized that in less than 6 months. #Winning
As long as you believe people are not of equal value, you will never have your free world.
People have different value. It's communism if everyone was the same.
Value in the sense that a life is a life.
Identitarians treat outside groups as inherently bad.
Ms. Gillibrand, you have no integrity to make any comment on behavior. After your disgusting speech you gave at the college graduation using the F--- word so many times proclaiming it was ok because you were speaking to young people used to that language. Well parents weren’t !
Not only a disgrace but dangerous . Willfully dividing the nation, prime proponent of birther movement, malicious creep. #25thAmendmentNow
Dear Ms. Gillibrand.  I have been following you from the start am I truly believe you're saying.  Keep up the good fight.
But what are you doing by putting down President Trump instead of helping. You make no sense.
But Antifa thugs swinging bats & clubs is okay with you? Good to see your hypocrisy out in the open!
Pls get Trump out of office now
It's beyond time to impeach.
You shouldn't have played identity politics if you didn't want identity politics.
trump isn't the"Leader of the free world"that's currently Angela Merkle.trump is the leader of the confederacy.They tolerate violent racists
No, there are two sides. And as every news report I have seen States both sides came for battle bearing weapons. You are the disgrace madam.
Idk wth you're talking about but Trump condemned both groups. didn't see trump favoring anyone. people like you is why there is racism here.
or violent BLM or violent antifa. All violence is unacceptable


Where are your @GOP colleagues right now? Do they realize that they will go down with him in history's account?
I have to say this: "There is only one side.". Senator Biden was, without any doubt, referring to those of us who are not racist.
Or violent anarchists!!!!   See what I did there. They are all ignorant people. Ignorant and evil isn't the same thing.
Obama did...and much worse...you applauded
There are in fact two sides, both mired in violent tactics & misinformation campaigns. Retract this ignorant statement madam.

Thank you for all your hard work @SenGillibrand
So antifa played no part in the violence? Ask the journalists who were battered.
And Antifa and BLM aren't violent racists?come on ,you are a phony
Prez has been violating the emoluments clause since day one, you can work to get him out. Convince across the aisle we can't afford him.
R u not paying attention to violence in our country (coll campuses)? Radicals on both the left & right r responsible & ppl r tired of it!
REALLY? ONLY one side? You are delusional.
https://goo.gl/dI2aOP  #FridayFeeling Because miaw.
How did you get that wrong? ...re: the Biden quote.
Wish Obama would have felt that way about Ferguson and other cities in the past with violence. Wish there would have been an outcry there.
Learn to listen the Pres said both groups were violent. The white supremacist had a permit BLM SND ANTIFA DIDNT THE POLICE ARE AT FAULT
Everyone needs to repent.
But he IS one. No other explanation needed.
Always proud of my Senator. Out with a public statement before I could even call to ask.
On those armchair virtue signals like Obama after a shooting.
What are u going to do about it?
Thanks for this, Senator. Now please do what you can to get the NY Congressional delegation's unanimous support to #Invokethe25th
IT's TIME to take away the nuclear football then the phone.
Hi Senator, big fan. Can you please start talking about impeachment?
What he said. #gillibrand2020
You're a clown. In what way is he tolerating violence?? Alt left, extreme right, this is years of BS
Wow. Another brain rotted by Fox News.
Your cute.. don't act like you know me.
Don't run for office anymore . You make me ill !
Will you people in DC do something to rid our White House of this impediment please!
why did the federal judge rule the rally could take place after it was canceled by mayor?
Anyone who uses the phrases "Both sides" or "Many sides" is a racist. No doubt! It's a dead giveaway.
The leader of the free world came out strong. Its Angela Merkel
If there are two sides to every story, one  of them must be wrong
Impeach now
Racism is unacceptable on all sides.
Thank you for this statement but it's time to get the perpetrator out of the whitehouse #ImpeachTrump
The leader of the free world does not live in this country. Her name is Angela!
When you get back to the Senate, look your colleagues in the eye. Those that won't lead us back to normal.
"We must always take sides. Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented."-Wiesel
What are we going to do about this POTUS because a country divided cannot stand.# If he don't understand he shouldn't be our POTUS.
perhaps you should read the transcript of what he actually said!
Plz tell @repleezeldin he won't listen to his constituents! #tvlee#shameonzeldin @tellersislip
He didn't
So why are you tolerating them(other than votes)? Trump is accurate, there wasn't only one bad group.
I agree .. but why didnt you tell 44 that too he refused to call radical Islamist terrorist just that  please don't be a hypocrite please
We must not only speak against evil we must act against it. 

He continues to fail as a leader. 

We now must act. He must be removed.
@1IronMan2017 -we & our Allies have known since 1/20/17 this=no leader of free world. And we r letting him know it 2! @potus
Pretty sure that he has abdicated the title of *leader of the free world.*
Leader of the Saudis, Turks, & Filipinos maybe.
#notmypresident
Really ! Like when Obama embraced Farrakhan .. You're nose is growing Pinocchio Gillibrand .
He's no leader. He follows: the Russians, the oligarchs, white nationalists and the money launderers .
How about those violent racist know as BLM or non repent terrorist Bill Ayers & Wifey u should take X lax ur going blind filling up with BS
I don't believe he is the leader of the free world. The United States isn't all that anymore. We're a joke because of Trump.
Being honest about the evil of Antifa isn't defending neo-Nazis.
He is not the leader of the free world, he is not a leader!!!
Umm negative, he is a delusional, dementia ridden, piece of white trash that belongs in jail not in the WH!
He didn't, so stop lying. And we shouldn't ever tolerate cop killers either
Happy birthday to the revolutionary #AssataShakur! Today's #SignOfResistance, in Assata's honor, is by @Meloniousfunk. 
We cannot solve our problems using the same thinking that first created the problems.  Intolerance towards intolerance only creates more.
The leader of the free world clearly does not support violent racists. @realDonaldTrump, on the other hand, clearly does.
Why don't you just take care of the people of this country. And stop fighting with the president.
I do not agree that Trump is " the leader of the free world". He conceded that title to Merkel by not leading.
I agree 100% and @POTUS needs to go. 

But do you agree that violent racists on the "left" cannot be tolerated as well?
A sitting US senator is now siding with violent thugs who have been attacking people since the election all to score political points
What about Anti-fa that were there?
Trump is looking to start a war with his minions.
They did not go to Charlottesville over statues. Cops found hidden weapons throughout town. Thread
Okay, so they're reporting that weapons caches were found in Charlottesville in the possession of white supremacists.
Trump should have immediately denounced the white supremacists, and should have also condemned the antifa for using the same tactics
We stand with our President. He said what we were all thinking.
Yes, but when he himself is a white supremacist supporter, what else do you expect?
Yet we can sleep safe at night because the woman who pushed over a racist statue is in jail.
Wonderful ! You are right!
No there are two sides.  It takes two sides to rumble.  Alt-Left with Alt-Right.  Disgusting 8 years of Democrat control brought this
Please stop the rhetoric and DO SOMETHING about the xenophobic abomination in the White House.  You and your colleagues have the means.
Or violent homophobes. We demand his resignation! And Pence's too. Paul Ryan to the white house, if we can't have a Democrat.
What is this word “leader” you use? I'd look it up but I'm too busy tweeting
You mean from blm right?
Awkward - Black Lives Matter is a direct response to, you guessed it, white supremacy killing black people.
Too bad you can't comprehend the difference between a hate group like the KKK and a social justice movement like BLM. Apples and oranges.
Couldn't agree more Kirsten. BTW doesn't he have Jewish blood on his father's side of the family?
Congress needs to demand his resignation!!
And Impeachment!! Enough Words! Action now!
Chancellor Angela Merkel does not tolerate violent racists.
You may disagree with the speech. Opposing those who speak it with violence is intolerable.  There's more than one side, we're unique.
WELL HE DOES BECAUSE HE ONLY CARES ABOUT HIS OWN ASS. HE OWES PUTIN & DAVID DUKE, THEY HELPED HIM STEAL THE ELECTION. #REMOVETRUMP& PENCE
#OnePartyVoted100Percent to
#Support13Amendment
#ItsNotTooLateForYou
Senator, please let us know how you plan to fight this.
now that your Russia story is dead let's go to the racist card.  Don't you get it?  We see right through you.
Both http://sides.lol .yeah,u know in WWII,what was wrong with those not so nice people in Great Britain fighting those nice Nazis.
The leader of the free world is in the meantime Angela Merkel #TheResistance
Sadly, we are no longer the leaders of the free world with a fascist as the president.
Could you bring articles of Impeachment to the floor? #ImpeachTrumpPence
Thank you for speaking out.
Please call trump out by name. Not his words. trump. Unfit to rep America and our values. Impeach
Support your words with action: Strike with Senate Dems until Bannon, Gorka, Miller fired. #Nojusticenosenatebusiness
Except he loves the violent racists, they voted for him
Wow you must only read some of your peers statements . Trump does not support racism.
So it's OK to tolerate violent thugs who have gone around the country beating people and causing property damage. Got it.....
There is always more than one side when there is a conflict. So what you said is stupid. Stop with the false outrage.
why not stand up for America.  You r the disgrace
ONLY the leader of the white supremacy movement would tolerate it right @POTUS ? MS-13 & ISIS = Terrorist,but racist whites = Not Terrorist
Why didn't Fake @POTUS aka NEVER @realDonaldTrump say this about white supremacist TERRORISTS?Ask him @angela_rye !
@Paula_White listen,what you do in public is better than what you do in the closet on some things & denouncing evil is your blessing!LISTEN
@Paula_White denouncing evil,that's your job! 

@POTUS had his chance & chose sinning over obedience!

Ezekiel 22:2
https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/search=Ezekiel+22:2&version=TLB …
There ARE TWO sides. NEITHER side is right, but BOTH ARE TO BLAME. There are ALWAYS TWO SIDES.
Send the Eviction Notice NOW!
Such as BLM and anfia
Thank you @SenGillibrand for your voice.
Potus condemned BLM Antifa and KKK equally all are terrorist organizations. All formed by.... democrats & funded by Clinton & Soros
Donald Trump IS NOT the leader of the free world by default as POTUS. Shame on you for that utterance. He's not earned it.
People like you and those you lie to are the real problem - Nazi's intolerable Democratic liberal just as intolerable.
Not enough, you must call out the president by name.
Black Lives Matter and Antifa are just as Racist Sweetheart.
Leader of the free world..
I really think the US needs to back from the whole 'leader of the free world' thing until they've at least condemned Nazis
@RepJohnFaso This is an example of how to condemn racism.
Tearing down statues is only the beginning when do we start burning books because they offend.
We need you to begin the process of Stabilizing the ACA. trump is irrelevant. He is imploding
Funny, Obama tolerated them in Ukraine and provided arms to Jihadi terrorists in Syria. I take it he was a disgrace too, huh.
There is an old saying that "Birds of a feather flock together" We need to stop expecting anything better from DJT.
No Senator! There were two sides! Alt- Right + Alt Left=Hatred!
supper

Please, Senator then GET HIM OUT.
Leader of the free world my ass he could'nt lead a band of boy scouts anyway where does he get off calling himself that he is truly pathetic
He doesn't just tolerate them- he are one!!
Totally agree. The current leader of the free world, however, is Angela Merkel. Trump and co need to be removed now.
And, no, there is not only one side. To be an effective leader you must see ALL sides. @realDonaldTrump does that quite well #diplomacy
@POTUS doesn't tolerate violent racists which is why he condemned #BothSides for their equally violent behavior. Shame on you for hating

I condemn trump and racism. However, there are several video examples of antifa people punching people.
The titel of leader of the free world has the US lost since the 20 January.
Call them nazis. They've killed a record six million. Perhaps it's time for Trump to go. He's a danger to all. Now. Right now.

Will you call for censure of @POTUS Senator?
Then DO SOMETHING!!! Impeach him!!! The American people have been trampled on enough by him, and we don't deserve this!!!
Yes!!!
Not sure who you mean. Not @realDonaldTrump   Not because he's not a shameful mistake but because he's not a leader.
Where's Chuck Schumer?  Hey Chuck...you've gotta do something...NOW!  #Impeach45
Racist? Alt right? Bigot? Hello!  That is the PRESIDENT you are describing.  It's time for him to go. Impeach...please.
You need to push very hard now to see him removed
With all due respect, Senator, the US has ceded the title of leader of the free world for a while now. Yesterday was a nail in that coffin.
POTUS wraps himself in  fabric of Flag while tearing apart the very fabric of our society. 
This Flag is the symbol tolerence & Respect!
Sorry,  with Trump as potus,  the USA no longer leader of the free world
Is it lost on you that the ACLU agrees with him? Takes two to tangle. Both sides are disgusting! Civics lesson: has to be a crime to impeach
It's strange these groups haven't been visible in years all they appeared to participate in protest but no one was demanding superiority
tell it to the #SorosSquad
Damn, you've worked yourselves into a singularity. Sorry but there really are violent groups on the left, they're not hero's. Lost reality.
There is no such thing as race, so...
#ImpeachTrump
So what are you going to do about it? Impeach. Censure. Something.
"Leader of the free world"> Obama. Merkel of Germany is now. U.S. at present is being held hostage by RUSSIA, NAZI'S and a gutless GOP. 
Well Trump is not only tolerating them, he is emboldening them so what exactly are you going to DO about it????
Angela Merkell doesn't (sad humor )
He is not the leader of the free world. That title was ceded to Angela Merkel the minute he was inaugurated.
She is losing Germany to Sharia Law. HOW is she the "leader of the free world"?
Angela Merkel, the current leader of the free world, condemned the Nazis. Please work on getting rid of that egregious boil. This is not ok.
thanks for humanity
Senator, #FakePresident @realDonaldTrump is NOT the leader of the free world. He and America gave up that claim Jan 20. This week is proof.
#ImpeachTrump   #25ththe45th   He's unfit.  He's dangerous.
Seriously. Work with your GOP colleagues. This guy has got to go.
Yes! But what if that leader was a total iduot with no regard for tbe people he leads. Makes  perfect sense now.
He's not the leader of the free world. He's the leader of the new nazi republicans.
Dummy he sanctioned both sides
Nothing but hate and lies from the left!! Open your eyes, watch the video, identify the violent thugs!! #antifa
Can you impeach him?
