
Where you you when trans were banned by Obama? That was until his last days when he rescinded the order. We can ALL SMELL hypocrite!
No
How can we help? #TransRightsAreHumanRights
Ahhhhh you're a democrat. No wonder you don't like our allies and the bettering of our country. You support the enemy & BDS. Shame on U.
Fuck yeah! 
How cruel and wasteful of POTUS to deny these Americans the right to serve.
no-u r only trying to cause trouble according to your tweets there is no room for transgenders- or men - only women
It was a deflection. The next day Bill Browder testified and media didn't cover. All eyes on Tweet instead of:
https://www.c-span.org/video/?431852-1/william-browder-overturning-magnitsky-act-putins-top-priority …
The vast majority of those in the military don't want TGs in the military. What do you know about readiness that they don't?
???  No, of course not. We stand behind our President to make the military great again. You dong change something for less than 1%
NO
No
Yes!
No!
Ma'am, would you please think about running for president in 2020?
Always. Have u considered running for pres. Nice moderate female, liberal state, have done a great job.  consider.
President Trump knows what is best for our military, not you. He is the commander in chief, not you.
POTUS doesn't know. The generals pushed back as he didn't consult them & the chaotic turnover in WH staff: All poor decision-making by POTUS
We're with you. Trump's attack on transgender service members is disgusting & unpatriotic

Sign & stand with them 
it's been a ban for years.Not one went to war or they would be killed for being gay by the http://muslims.You  pay for there surgery

Anyone on Obamacare will be implanted with a chip.in your hand. Like a slave or dog. Step on up and get your chip Not Me.
Can we please push for impeachment? He has lied, broken ethics laws, and incited violence. Can we PLEASE stop fixin' and get to impeachin'?
With you 100%.  I'm incredibly grateful to everyone who serves in our military.
Me too, just not in support of paying for reassignment. That's all.
Absofuckinglutely !!!! #TheResistance is with you!
We will Honor, respect, defend and Protect our #TransgenderTroops against #TransBan !
Ur ignorance is astonishing...
It's ashame..
Next you'll tell me the sun rises in the West..

#SAD 
SERIOUSLY sad
I pity u and ur ilk.
Gbye
Transgender and homosexuals have no business in any branch of the service ! And why do perverts have more rights than heterosexuals ?
They don't have more rights. They have the same rights you already have. Hope this helps.
That's why the homosexual and lesbian community are always crying for congress to pass bills for them yes you do have more rights !
So we have can have the same rights you are already afforded and already have. Well done, you're catching on.
I'm with you!! 
Not at all.  Transgender is an invention of evil men and women.  It is a total sickness that is pushed as normal by the leftist Marxists.
trans people are people who just change their gender, whats the problem with that? why should changing your gender stop you from serving in
the military? its funny how the same party claiming that they are the "pro-veteran" are the sames one who hates veterans.
You fail to grasp the depths of mans depravity.  Please read the Doctrine of Depravity....Christians are to be others to the Truth.
christians are people who judge based on molarity & personality not because of race, gender, sexuality, etc.
We need to remove Trump from the White House
Good luck with that Snowflake! Jobs! Growth! Less regulations! Less tax! Obamacare gone! Are you nuts!

Yes we are ready to join you #OffTheSidelines with all of the love in our hearts and determination in our souls. #LGBT #TransAreNotABurden
Lovely photo.
This was a special day.  These are my best friends @ELF1010leeray and Lee.
That is great news..
YES! thank you @SenGillibrand
We are. We also know that the President & GOP prefer tinkering with institutionalized hatreds over dealing with you know, real work.
Yes!
Yes!!  Thank you!!
Plenty of things for them to do, clear mine fields, disarm bombs, locate snipers, to name a few.
I wold be if you didn't allow that egotistical, anti-Dem charlatan in your picture!
The Pentagon doesn't take orders from a tweet.
@realDonaldTrump had a low approval rating be4 he decided to ban transgender.  He continues to shoot himself in the foot.  What a joke.
@realDonaldTrump continues 2 lose his base by showing his true colors.  He is a homophobic, chauvinistic, white supremecist.
with YOU, Senator Gillibrand! TY for fighting for ALL Americans who still believe in democracy & are grateful to ALL our soldiers!
Have you really looked into this yet, or just gibberjabberring The government should be hesitant to endorse actions that could create issues
no, He's right.
No, we shouldn't have those distractions in our Military. Why don't you worry about our Veterans.

Wonder why you people have lost so many elections all you ever worried about is special interest groups
No
I'm with you!
I'm in menopause because of chemo and Medicare doesn't pay for MY hormone therapy. Not fair to pay for transgenders in military
Do we really need to add to the military financial crisis by having to pay for someone's hormone therapy?? Really??
This tweet sounds like an POTUS run weather balloon 
HELL YEAH! Tell me how I can help. DT's an effing MONSTER. Yr the best KG.
What's worse, a strict military or one that is run by social experiments, political agenda, & special interest groups.
Except there was no ban.  A child tweeting isn't policy.  Fight the real fights.  This is theater.
I am with you Kirsten. This slap in the face of those willing to lay down their lives for this country must stop.
I am your constituent (both now & when you were a Representative) & a family member of transgender vet. Hopeful young ppl r more open minded
Before you start whining about it you should do some research and see what the whole story is.
YES!
Typical. Please consider the economy or healthcare or air traffic controllers before Trumps last tweet. Please.
NO! I miss the good ole days. They are sick.
Can I join the military and get breast implants to make me feel better about myself. GMAB
The people complaining about this apparently don't REALIZE the Military doesn't adhere to the same rules as Civilians. That's his preogative
We are with you, always and forever. California will stand alongside New York as a beacon of resistance!
I am with you.
Sure, but it's going to fail all by itself. A tweet is not an EO. The Pentagon is waiting for a proper order and details
Absolutely!
They'll give trump the win. Might buy us time on healthcare but prolly not. This is a giant IED in the middle of democracy.
Please don't stand near Sanders for pictures that will state Dems ____ because his face infuriates real Dems.
No need 4 further legislation. Generals have spoken. Policy is not dictated by Tweet. On w/REAL issues. Budget, infrastructure, healthcare
Of course
Yes!! Discrimination for any reason is unacceptable!!
Yes, yes, yes!
Yes!
Just get rid of him! Get rid of the arsonist instead of putting out his little fires 
HELL YES!!
Are you also fighting for people with diabetes, cancer, flat feet, or poor vision to join the military?
This isn't about 'social justice.'
Military is not the place for social issues to be worked out.
We with you!!!
Oh, yes... always!

Yes Ma'am
Yes! I am!
Now, a wishful tweet of a bigot, if allowed, next will be Police departments, the Intelligence Services; then, US people themselves.
Yes ! Trump is a menace to our community.  @SenGillibrand @riseandresistny @GAGnoguns @glaad @Rosie
@kamalaharris Despite Trump's promises 2 the LGBT community look what he's done. DOD cannot afford 2 lose the expertise of LGBT mil members.
Always!
I'm ALL IN !
Watch out behind you. I wouldn't trust that guy.
As long as we keep that anti-democrat Bernie out of it! Hell yes!
#FF247 With YOU, @SenGillibrand  Thank you for your leadership!
Yes!!
That's nice.  What can the Democrats do about it?
With you, 100% future Mrs. President :)
Yes! With you @SenGillibrand!
Totally with you!!
Yes Ma'am!
I'm with you
Let us know what we can do.
I'm with you.

Yes, we are with you!
How about Impeaching Trump or invoking the 25th?
Im in.  Boot out trump and his gang.  They have embarrassed this nation to much already!
Yes, let's stop Groper's War on LGBT!
You decide to fight because the topic is trendy! Military has disqualifications! Will you fight for the over weight?
DEMESHITS
Yes! Thank you!!
After the latest #TrumpBot attacks I needed to refollow you. There's something that needs to be investigated. Who is behind the #bots?
NO
Have your panty party somewhere else, ask, tell.
Yes absolutely we are with you. Thank you
Yes
There is no reasonable or justifiable reason 2 4 transgender ban in military.  It's dangerous & harmful 2 America & our troops.  STOP IT NOW
Thank you! We are with you!  #Resist #Trans #Transgender #LGBT #LGBTQ #Military
Yes, any American who choses to serve should be able to. We can't afford to turn away talented people based on how they gender identify
I am with you on allowing DOD to assess effectiveness. Till they report on managing deployability concerns related to HRT and SRS that's it
YES!
@Aprylsmithts @POTUS @voxdotcom there he is BS trying to get his photo op
Exactly 
No, I agree with the ban,
Go for it!!!!
All the way

I surprised you havnt done yourself in. As dumb as you are im amazed you havnt shot yourself cleaning one of your prized guns.

Nice graphic. Must be nice to be so blissfully ignorant of real facts. You just believe whatever you want. No responsibility on your part.
Until you've served in the military you have no concept of what's damaging.  Here's a hint...your policies.
Ur taking steps from damaging the entire military recruitment @GOP @TheDemocrats @thehill @POTUS44 @HillaryClinton!
A Nation grows in wonderful & magnificant  ways when it expands it's Liberties. It hinders growth when it deminishes them/Always good 2 grow
Military isn't a forum for social experimentation, I.D.I.O.T.
You going to dress like a man and go to basic training.?
thank you
Yeah. But ditch bernie sanders

I do appreciate your work for all Americans and and those that seek shelter in our country.
In a word, NO!
Thank you!!
Are we now wasting time money and energy in response to Twitlers tweets?
All the way!  Whatever fight you are willing to make - we are with you! God bless you for your steadfast service to our nation! 
Absolutely!
What ban? He hasn't even proposed anything
