could.  I feel penalized every time I pay ACA premium.
Why not fix this rather than scrap pre-existing conditions coverage? Single payer like other countries that do this would bring down premium
Do you really want government running healthcare? I just don't understand who would want that.
I would rather have coverage for pre-existing conditions and it also be reasonable premiums.  That doesn't happen by giving rich tax breaks
Ok. And how could this be done? With more government regulation or more private competition?
Single payer system
Even WaPo says that's ridiculous How is less competition and government healthcare a good thing? You want healthcare to be run like the DMV?
Current situation not working for those whose premiums are too high. What other way to bring down the price and keep pre-existing coverage?
Stop talking and DO something about it!! U people know this. dangerous ignorant man is unfit to b in WH.
Get him out! Action not words. NOW
 there is a 25th amendment that can be used when the potus's mental state is at question. I never heard of it until it was explained here
It was my understanding that only 4 key peeps were required 2agree 4the 25th-guess my old brain doesn't work as well. We need 2do something
in the meantime-thanks for taking the time to explain this to me. Much appreciated
I just don't understand the GOP end game here whatever passes will be a POS which we DEMS will weaponize for 2018
They are counting on voter apathy and fake news to carry them back into office.
And voter suppression, manipulation and fraud at the election sites
This article says 20million that had Ocare say they could die now. What about 300million of us who have no care w/it
28.2 million uninsured in 2016 under Obamacare 51 million will be uninsured under trumpcare
How many got priced out of health insurance under Obamacare? Do u have a link? Honestly looking for 1. There's 320 million Americans.
Google it Ocare had issues &they intensified when GOP  sabatoged it Don't b fooled trumpcare much worse huge tax cuts won't pay 4 themselves
Too many of us are going w/out, but u don't seem to care. Pre-Ocare for fam of 3 we paid $221m, now $1350 w/ $12k deductible. UNACCEPTABLE!
At 30 woke up sick and my life was never the same again. Sick/healthy isn't static being chronically ill is awful and humiliating. So scared
Please don't stop fighting #HoldTheFloor @SenateDems @SenSchumer do everything in your power the suffering the #AHCA will bring is very real
Straw Man lie extraordinaire.
Of the B. Hussein Obama caliber.
And you believe president Obama is a Muslim terrorist I assume.  There goes your spreading of hate and lies. Very in Christian of you.
Trumpcare is a much bigger threat to Americans than any terrorist organization.  More people will die due to loss of coverage.
The British Columbia government is eliminating health care premiums so everyone will be covered by default. Overall it saves money.
Well, Senator... women have been penalized for being women for centuries, but point taken.    Bravo to you for standing up.  We need you.
BALONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LIAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bullshit
BS. Under obamacare, every1 was screwed. Obamacare ruined our great H/C system. Trump's trying to fix that steaming pile dems created.
Or for being a human being in a non 1% world.
Single. Payer. Now. Until we get for-profit insurance companies out of equation, our system will always suck. #TrumpCareKills
I got penalized for being healthy under Obamacare.  Tell me how that's productive?
My rare disease affects 1 in 4.5 million people.  Hard enough to get treated let alone for many with the same to get meds because of cost.
It under any insurance. Wake up snowflake. MAGA
Then you must obstruct in every way possible, Senator. Republicans will INEVITABLY all go along. Nothing "convinces" them.
Says that if you get seriously ill you may also face being poverty stricken to receive treatment. Is this the kind of country we are? 
None of these possibilities would happen under Trumpcare, but healthcare insurance should be returned to the private sector - away from govt
Am a senior widowed women with epilepsy and other disabilities living on pension SSI guess I'm screwed, all my yrs payin in a waste 
This WILL happen under trumpcare which they WILL pass
Welcome to 1945.
Its #trumpDONTcare". Thanks.
Nah! If I had just made better choices I wouldn't have been born with that tumor on the base of my brain. I am much more responsible now.
My child would die or be forced into an institution but not before we go into bankruptcy doing everything we can to keep her at home
Senator, you think because you call it "medical insurance" that equals good healthcare. 140 spaces doesn't allow to describe how wrong it is
What are you DOING to fight this bill? So far, I've only heard Bernie with a plan.
@JeffFlake Do you think is humane? That this ok? How can anyone stand with that bill...
No one should have to choose to forego care because their deductible is too high. This happens every day to middle class who have ACA.
Husband had 2 use ACA last yr It was only a discount card Force into retirement at 64 It was coverage we could buy No ACA no coverage at all
i am not arguing for no coverage at all. i am arguing to get senators to stop taking cash from insurance lobby and give us real health care.
.@SenGillibrand Vote NO on anything you think is not in the best interest of your constituents. We have your back.
Vote NO on anything you think is not in the best interest of your constituents. We have your back.
What do you mean by for being a woman? Does woman in the U.S. get less healthcare than males?
Everything the Govt has done to "help" in healthcare for decades, has only succeeded in jacking up costs & worsening care
One of your NYC constituents here: I cannot emphasize enough how important it is to fight #Trumpcare. My family is depending on you!
THANK YOU FOR FIGHTING and raising your voice against the horrible Trumpcare's bill.
This entire administration is a slap in the face of women worldwide!  This is about equality for all. Nothing more  NOTHING LESS, Senator.
Survival of fitist! Next we purge!
Obamacare cancelled me twice and increases of premiums over 100% , was that fair? Oh I work and am a white male I don't count to liberals
This happened to my family under the Affordable Care Act.
If passed, not "could" but "will" happen.
@tarastrong They just want everyone who isn’t just like them to die. They want everyone to be pure and perfect like them. :(
Please do everything you can to stop this bill!  As a New Yorker I totally support you voice, your efforts!  Let's stop this travesty!
@SenSchumer @SenGillibrand @RepPaulTonko what happens to child health plus if Trumpcare is passed? I can't find any info specifically on it
So, how is Obomacare working for you????
will there be treatment for the discusting mouth you have recently develpoed. that will come back to haunt you i am sure.
Dems could have stepped in with Republicans, but chose to follow Obama's direction and not participate. #nomoredems We no where blame falls
Happening; it will just get much worse. People in government need to do their homework on current care constraints. Insurers run the show!
Do not let this bill pass. #IStandWithPP
Please know people are getting laid off every 2.5 yrs Which means an insurance gap
Give me a break. Obamacare is exploding
Please do everything in your power to keep it from the floor!
ocare is bankrupt, tcare a joke. single pay too costly. what is your solution? we can not afford to keep ocare. or are you just anti-trump
its the dirty kirsten likes acting filthy
Obama and the dems really screwed this one up. Wouldn't you agree?
You are correct. And no one should have to pay double premium and have their 750 individual deductible go up to 6 K fed under gruber h/c
That's just a bunch of bull and you know it.
Sounds like it will happen. The death toll will rise under the GOP #trumpcare plan. But by golly, the rich will get their giant tax break.
Shut down Special Counsel
Costing billions
Give2 the 13M hungry children in
Start working 4taxpayers 
Gettingmad
As Bob Dylan sang:  "How Does It Feel?" to be Pelosied.  Truly what goes around comes around like Nuclear Option Dems installed. Think
Cause there is not enough care! People work hard all their lives, some have fought in wars, paid into system 4 yrs. to be kicked around
They r never going to deprive medical care TRY ANOTHER Scare tactic BUT OBAMACARE  did deprive us of our $ & no care
It all also happened under Obamacare!  The government need to stay OUT of healthcare !
No it can't. Stop the lying. The lies are the reason you guys haven't won an election since 2016.
They are not being penalized, they are being billed for services rendered. You want to force the rest of us to share the cost with them.
Just stop. OCare has failed. At least with Trump plan you'll have about 20 hours to debate it. With OCare, we still don't know what's in it.
Aren't you part of the opposition party? The resistance?
I just watched you flat out lie and fear monger on @MSNBC about healthcare and it reminded me why I left the Democratic party.
STOP the BS about been a woman and do your job.  You and the rest of the DemocRATS are a bunch of jackass. Obama care is a disaster.
You stole every PRESIDENT TRUMP talking point-your failing as a Senator. I'm embarrassed that you're from my state.
You came off as a hysterical triggered woman
You criticize Health Care Bill and you don't even know what's in it.
Saw you on MSNBC, geez, you're a damn double wide, what the hell have you been eating. You should be taxed for you weight.
You are fear mongering. What is your excuse for obesity?
No Pocahantus, but being a lying Libtard should have consequences.
Would, shoulda, coulda... How about taking a whack at your own personal integrity for a change there senator?
This is already happening under Obamacare sweetie. Obamacare knocking 330 mil off healthcare!
F it.
Or being a kid whose parents a) aren't rich or b) don't have employer-provided insurance
How do u know if u haven't seen the bill in Senate?
WRONG
I'm all 3. Guess I'm dead
Kirsten, no one is not the same as 26 million. No one will be turned away. Because that's America
What about... for being conceived?  Hmm?  Why do your protections apply to only those beyond the womb and neglect the most vulnerable?
You forgot the penalty for being an inconvenience.   Are we still paying for "Kill at Will"?
It will promote the Master Race.
It WILL happen with this bill.
Could? It will happen.
"Nothing bad should ever happen to anyone. Ever." An Actual US Senator, 2017
Stop calling it Trumpcare!!! It's not a plan, it's not policy. It's a scam!
I was born with a rare condition called deeply insane in the membrane!
Nature "penalizes" you for those things. It's symbolic of your struggle against reality.
Been reading the House version of the bill. Some mention of using SSA funds to pay for some of this. Glad they dropped the 10% tax on tans 
Pls fight with everything you've got, and thanks for your service!
It will happen kristen as long as his is alright
I prefer to call it tRumpDon'tCare.
And the world COULD end tomorrow and healthcare would not mean a thing. Quit the crap and your grandstanding. Simply put HC is not a right.
BS
What did women and the sick ever do to 45?
It WILL happen under #trumpdontcare
will happen madame...
what we want is for the government (all of you!!!) to have the same health care!!  then we'd see how quickly it would change!!!!
No one should ever be forced to buy healthcare that's exactly what happened under Obamacare
We deeply appreciate the work you do For The People of NY & ALL Americans, Kirsten. The GOP has proven itself to be Poisonous to Democracy.
could happen.  ACA imperfect and not acceptable; needs serious repair.   We do not live in Utopia.
Thank you for fighting for American's Healthcare @SenGillibrand! The @GOPSenMajority & #TrumpCare only cares about insurance companies!
U lost in DC senator u have done nothing 4 NY. U do know how to F bomb
Only the privileged & fortunate few should be able to prosper, or live at all, according to republican morality; re: capitalism & health
We--my family--are counting on you and Sen Schumer to fight for us.
Fake news
In Australia we look after everyone in need. A nation is judged by how it looks after its most vulnerable and needy
Women are 51% of the population there is no reason we should lose anything to anyone.
Oh, but I thought I'd be okay if I just lived a "good" life. #FUCKYOUGOP #IAmAPreexistingCondition
Or from aging either.
AND ObamaCare. It's not the administration's control, it's the stupid, evil insurance companies
Much of this is the Democrats fault. The Democrats ran from Obamacare in 2012 when they should have embraced it. Now Trumpcare will be law
How do you know that? You don't know what's in it, remember? Reminiscent of a time with the ACA huh?
make your intentions known early, doesn't have to be an official announcement. At least form exploratory committee
Trump care, now there is an oxymoron if ever I heard one! Everyone should be entitled to essential Healthcare regardless of anything.
s/could/will/
Fuck no they shouldn't! 
Survival of the fittest under Hitlercare
@gop & Trump are thinning the herd
Hell GOP don't even know what in bill yet.so why r u spewing lies
Anyone could be penalized for not being born wealthy. That's pretty much the whole Trump regime.
or being older with a pre-existing condition, but not yet retirement age.
Quit scaring people. Obamacare is about gone. He had years to fix it butl he wanted the government to foot the bill. We don't have the $!
Then all the Democrats should not allow any Senate business whatsoever. You have the tools to stop the madness stop playing nice
Theoretically under Trump care the disabled could be gassed. We don't know since the bill has been made secret.
Trumpcare is recreating what the ACA did away with. Is NO ONE seeing this?? Or do his fans just believe their BS?
Or capped out of healthcare before they leave the NICU. Medically complex children like mine are penalized the moment they are born.
Your comments about the bill are misleading and intellectually dishonest. #fearmongering #partisan

#LicTrump: Trump awol. Trump tax records M.I.A. Trump & Sessions Russia collusion memories K.I.A. Republican Party L.I.A.R.S. "Go figure!" 
Also Jack, did you vote for the Dems in 2010 that's supported President Obama? If not...uh
..and if did, you are aware of the uphill we face because of those who did not
Or It could not who the hell knows? And we may not know until too late!!
and happens now under ACA but that's all good
Disabled people are penalized everyday. While perfectly healthy people take advantage of taxpayers there is less money for disabled
people r being penalized under ACA they cannot afford the premiums or the deductibles oh u dont care bout those americans got it
Hmm.. So Women are specifically targeted?  HAHAHAHAHAHA... #FakeNews
Lie
The plantation of a Citizens United indentured servitude model needs some slaves die in front of others to monetize fear.
I thought the claim was that no one knew what was in the bill .... kinda like "We have got to pass it .. before we know what's in it"
Trumpcare is an oxymoron! Trump doesn't care about the health of our citizens! Neither do the republicans
Or being dx'ed with a #raredisease at any point in their life. Hard enough to wake up each day w/#rare; now we're looking down this barrel.
Nonsense. This type of demagoguery got the Republicans the majority. Are you next to be voted out as a one termed?
Nonsense, it could happen under any president
god only curses evil people which includes some babies and all women. apparently, accurate enough for public policy... :(
healthcare is not s right
I agree, but it also happened under Obamacare, which is unaffordable for older individuals. MEDICARE FOR ALL is the only sensible solution.
Keep fighting sentaor.  Do everything you can to grind senate business to a halt.
Remember, if u like ur doctor, u can keep him. Right! Premiums will drop by 2500 bucks. Right!  Lying bastards. U ruined our healthcare!!!
Kristen, u have no say. You helped destroy the greatest healthcare system on earth by supporting its gocernment takeover. Good job!
It happens NOW. But it will happen MORE under Trumpcare.
It's hard to imagine how a party that for all practical purposes hates it's constituents can survive.
Lies
Not could...will happen.
Thank you for fighting this, Senator. I eternally grateful that you are repping us as NY's junior senator.
#liar
Hypocrite
Nobody believes BS like this- nice try- NO bill yet. Biased Lefty from party of Obstruction ( or is it Destruction)!
It WILL happen under trumps Deathcare Bill
And children shouldn't be born in poverty. Still, it's fact & still, forcing ME into poverty won't help.
Republicans believe you should overcome your disabilities without any assistance unless you're upper class Republican - then it's ok.
it already happened under obamacare  dont kid yourself  f throwing liar
Daughters have bleeding disorder. Birth control is life or death.
really?  thought what they were writing up was a big secret behind locked doors so how do you know anything about how it will effect anyone?
but we won't know until it's too late because the idiots won't release the bill for review
This DID happen under Obamacare. 
Proud of how you wrote an entire tweet without any F Bombs.
@GeorgeTakei I will be punished for surviving breast cancer, not excited. I may not survive Deathcare.
#NoAmericanShouldEverBePenalized
by #ForcingThem to #LaborForTheBenefitOfAnother
#InvoluntaryServitude is #Banned
#WouldYouMakeAnyExceptions
I vote in NY.  You are trying to scare people for your own gain.

And then they drank beer 
Preach!
Don't forget for being old.
All to benefit the wealthy. Wealthcare!
Down Syndrome is a preexisting condition. Lucky my granddaughter has none of the physical manifestations that prove deadly. But others?
She had to learn a hard life lesson when at 12, her best friend died. Katie had DS as well. My heart is still broken for her parents.
The Dems. had their chance the first two years of Obama's administration. They failed us. Why should we trust them again?
It will happen under GOPcare.
@SenateDems Please don't stop fighting #HoldTheFloor @SenSchumer Thank you!
Prove it! This is the problem with Liberals they spew their hate speech and then wonder why crazy's do what they do.
