You're retiring?
politicains like you are at top of my list- hope my efforts work at next election and u can stay home-voting so many NOs is cowardly
@Ichkabibble72 Scott dworkin says we have to fight ACA repeal again I can't do it again I am starting to hate America now!
To all dicktraitor trump peckerheads before you criticize me, look @ my bio & tweets & RT's Them go eat s bulletAMERICA IS GREAT
ur wall is not impressive except for the unusual amt of SenGil
Pics stalk much randi see I can b mean alsoSMpp
No time to let up, popular majority!
Mobs don't vote
@Brantinghamgirl Senator Gillibrand, thank you for speaking up for all of us
Can we get the men in the Democratic Party be as tough as the woman? That's the real problem with the party. The men hide behind the woman.
Nope, no porno terms about limp  schlongs. But the men in the party need to be as tough as the woman. Woman lead the party. They need help.
Only seen it on porn. Sorry.
Kirsten Gillibrand....Now, there is a Great American. Inspirational...Awesome ! 
In your dreams. F.O.O.L.
I recently overheard three women on a train calling their senators to vote against the GOP death bill. Inspired me to call too.
So true we all need to continue to fight for the American people
ACA ... I don't think so !
Yep, like starting with paying your interns. You can't demand a living wage for hard working Americans and then not pay your own staff.
Hope
An what values do you have?
Thank you Senator - NY is proud of you. (Watch out for the new sabotage #ACA bill from Lindsay Graham et al.)
Liberals in ny. The guy is a turn coat. Days in office r numbered
No, it's not.  You're still working hard against everything that is good and makes sense.  Your ideas and policies are dangerous & deceitful
We must continue. The fight isn't over!!!
How can you tell us to keep speaking out when you support a bill that attacks free speech and turns a blind eye to Apartheid?HYPOCRITE!
We, at our house, LOVE you @SenGillibrand ! I have a 2020 strategy in mind for you, as well as some cabinet duggestions
*suggestions
what about senate bill 720...
Kirsten term limits time for you to go work on something productive for all Americans
We are America!
You Don't Speak For Me!#DrainTheSwamp
So do you think they're going to try this again?  Are they trying to break us?  We're not easily broken!!!!!
I hope so. Sometimes it feels like I'm a tiny fish in a big big sea.
And we should be speaking out against those Members of Congress who are not supporting whats best for the people. Time for new leadership!
#TeachCongressToCode
#Variables
#IfYouThinkItsOK to
#ForceGirls into
#InvoluntaryServitude of
#InsertVariableHere
#YouAreWrong
#YouAreThereTo #BudgetIncome &
#PayoffYourDebt
& not to #SpendMoneyYouDontHave
#CongressionalDebtAbuse
#Exceeds19Trillion
You inspire it in us! Thank you Kristen!
Love u, thanks for all u for all of us
You are correct; that is why we elected President Trump. Now, it is folks like you who need to straighten up and get it right.
Thank God for social media...social media intreraction...unless DNC wants to pay for my plane fare all over he US for demonstrations
We're trying, Senator!
As a constituent I did that for eight years and you never took any notice. Payback.
We Need To Start Marching in August!
Amen, Sista 
I have been and will continue until trump, his cronies and family are out of the WH,
Perhaps that is my problem. I have been standing up and speaking up FOR my reforms to better the civic weal.
Your support of the bill to impose civil and criminal punishment on an individual, etc. that oppose Israeli occupation in any form is one.
The most important thing is getting Trump removed from office before the country is completely destroyed. #ImpeachTrump #Resist
Thank you, K. Gillibrand. I call you Stone Wall Gillibrand. Always standing strong when it counts.
Your standing up, saying no, & speaking out is much appreciated. Thank you for protecting NY, US! Us!
We'll keep fighting as best we can!

Thank you for all you do for our New York and our nation.  In Texas, I'm working for the same things.
Hearing that helps!!!
Thank you, senator!
Your constituents LOVE you . Looking forward to TOWN HALL in Flushing on  Monday!
I'm glad it's working! We really need to stand up for our rights!..
I think you forgot he won in November!
Good, because all of this is utterly ubsurd. We've got mobsters in the white House.
Is it though? I hear @SenGillibrand co-sponsored a bill to criminalize speaking out against Israel.
Thank you senator! Proud to have voted for you! #Indivisible
What is working exactly? Can you say Dems have a better plan ready to go? Where is the winner in a lose lose situation?
I wish we were able to tell it's working, but I'm going to take heart in your words!
SENATOR FOR SOMETHING THAT WILL EFFECT ONE SIXTH OF ECONOMY !AND MILLIONS OF PEOPLE !WE MUST VOICE OUR THOUGHTS! TO INSURE A POSITIVE OUTCOM
Been standing up & speaking out but you have not been listening. The $M's we have spent on lawyers is the only reason it's working. Delphi
Ny loves you
the anti-BDS bill you're co-sponsoring goes against my values. I urge you to reconsider this position.
YAY US!!!!!!!!!
Senator Gillibrand: Thank you for your leadership! Thank you for your courage! Thank you for your continued focus on important issues!
Thank you.
You should wake up and join the real world of working people.
I'm not so sure. Millions have spoken out and 49 Repubs still voted for a horrible bill they hoped wouldn't become law.
Argument I had with my mother at election: Trump represents none of the values that you set for us! "Well, anyone is better than Hillary" 
Absolutely mind boggling. I truly believe that it's physical. She looks like a bossy, stern, scary teacher from everyone's past.
What's it going to take to move the majority? Money?
You are batshit crazy.
@SenFeinstein Thanx For your Continual Support of the PEOPLE! StatesLadies RULE! Please post some "profound statements" I love to post them!
You are making it illegal to speak out against Apartheid. This is very hypocritical.
Hope so praying 
thank you for fighting!!
Thank u senator 4 all u do.Many forgot that the gov.is of,4&by the people.Politicians have misused their power&expected our silence.NO MORE!
I like the Senator from New York
Thank you for voting for high premiums and deductibles! Awesome!
#Soetorocare is Sabotage!
I stand with you! Glad you are my Senator.
I wish more Senator's were working as hard as those who elected them have been. Thanks!!
We know how you like to stand up for your values Kirsten
Really?  How so?
I heard the senate wants to bring up health care repeal again
That's why R House/Senate and Trump @POTUS
Where's your #PussyHat #FemiNazi ??
Thank you for standing up. There is still much to be done. The most important now is to get Trump in the rear view mirror!
Tu for all you do to #resist
Thanks for your hard work, senator. We're exhausted, but we won't stop.
# SelfAdvocacyAssociationofNewYorkState is speaking loud & Proud against Cuts to #Medicaid . We're not going to stop #DonaldTrump
All I want to see now is a common message we can rally behind. Inclusive. Inspiring. Energizing. @SoSofieFatale @MtnMD @maddow @TomPerez
And thank YOU for your efforts!
Let We the People b ur inspiration, ur courage. When this night is over, draw strength from us 2 Make America Virtuous Again!
Almost costing me my job but yep been callin it
Another do nothing politician.
Trump is becoming a danger to our democracy. Why can't GOP see that and stand up for us. He is scaring the crap out of me. Seriously.

Cute.
Good. Your listen. That is applaudable...plus vote gaining deserved.
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy Pence Ryan McConnell Kushner Sessions Devoss and
thank you for voting against the gop tax cuts disguised as health care
Proud to have you as my Senator! Thank you, from each and every New Yorker. <3
Big fan of yours Senator
Thank you so much for fighting for NYers &our nation for being 1st NY Senator respond toMycall,emails after yrs of no response from others
Chicks Rock! We can fix this mess!
Thank you Senator Gillibrand for fighting for us. I'm proud you're my senator.
not really .. Pot is STILL irrationally prohibited

Not really, you're still one of my senators and don't even make me bring up Chuckie. Damn NYC
Thank you @SenGillibrand for speaking up for what's right.

#shepersisted #ny19
Thank you Sen!
You mam are the very definition of the sewer rats we are clearing out of D.C. over the next few elections cycles.
Great things in your future!
You are an inspiration.
Pretty sure it's not. The GOP is just in such disarray
Again thank you for being my New York Senator and standing up for your constituents 
Won't stop til this twit and his ilk are a distant memory can't wait to vote out every rep next cycle
Thanks for fighting for us every single day!   The failed ACA repeal vote re-energized my commitment to #resist.
As have you. Kirsten. Brava!
you have no values when you choose to kill an innocent baby who has not had a chance at life! good thing your mother didnt choose abortion
If I get ur point, .@SenGillibrand, ur opposition to adding Due Process to TIX kangaroo courts is bc Bill of Rights is against ur values?
just getting started
Occasionally Portman's ppl even answer the phone!
Go Get Em Kirsten #killthegangstaadministratiin
It's my night job.
Thank you for all you do, Senator!!
That's why #FemiNazis gave the House/Senate to R's n Trump is @POTUS
Good
All I want to know is will you be of presidential age by 2020
That white woman Presidential candidate thing did not work last time. Maybe next time you go with the furthest left (socialist) candidate?
Sometimes it feels hopeless
Dems are nearly broke. You'll be a regional party by 2025
Completely wrong, nice try...
We will continue to #Resist and #Persist Thank you
#MedicareForAll
Yes & THANK YOU from this NYer Also, PLEASE RETRACT ur supp of this authoritarian bill. Sincerely, your constituent.
Being a powerful womyn like yourself means sticking up for other underdogs.  In this case:  Palestinians.
And the tenet of free speech.
Democrats and Republicans are in the same box " GOVERNMENT PARTY " they both obstruct Pres Trump's http://agenda.WATCH  WITH TAX Reform
In the past six months, I've called your offices more than I have called my own dad. 
you should call your dad more, he's probably very worried about you. just check in from time to time.
I'll call him tonight. Thanks. 
Thank you for that! It's so good to know. Thank YOU!
Not really. If it were, we'd have gotten rid of the un-American, money-wasting death panels called Obamacare. But there it still is.
Breitbart Bot.
I am build the wall
Thank you for your strength, integrity and hard work, Senator.
Does this also apply to speaking out for policies that are in line with my values?  Like, hmmm, #MedicareForAll for example?
So sorry I'm working Monday, can't come to town hall! Went to BX tho, so it's OK. Would have liked to hear Meng as well!
Popular Majority = There are more of us! WE NEED EVERYONE's VOICE! Thank you, Senator! 
And you've had our backs the whole time. Thank you @SenGillibrand! We will have yours in 2018!!!! And beyond!!!!
Like to think I am doing my bit, but thank you for all you do. Ever consider running for President?
right --no TG'S in military --working very well


Oh ur the OFFICE THAT SAYS .I understand ur pain then turns around and says nothing.Obviously ur staff is not U.
Imo you're one of the good ones keep it up!
Thank-you and your buddy Andy Cuomo for your work at HUD bringing about the '08 real estate melt down
OK I'll bite- explain the logic on this one  with references to main recognised media corrob.  But why are you wearing a Native headdress?
Obvious that she is part Native American, like Lizzie Warren.
gillibrand sucks
You are a hero Kirsten, great thanks for your courage.  We are with you!  Resist! Resist! Resist!

Please continue your review of the Israel Anti-Boycott Act!
Agreed. I called your office but maybe this tweet will also help.
Thank you for fighting!
Senator Gillibrand, if you've been listening and voting accordingly against bad policies, I've got to tell you: you're working!
Weird, I've written you about policies against my values. It doesn't seem to be working.
And we're not going away!
Every  single  day !
By one vote?
Thanks for thanklessly being a strong female Senator. Collins/Murkowski got nothing on you when it comes to opposing nightmare legislation.
STOP ... making my life so hard! You're mean!
Resistance works in that nothing gets done. Glad to hear UR proud of UR record & working across the isle - that's  why elected you!
Thank you for all you do 
Yeah! It's 1999 and we're kicking ass & TAKING names!
https://www.prohibitionparty.org/ 
Thank you Senator for all your hard work representing the State of New York and the American people.  You are appreciated.
