Now that we have independent counsel, next FBI dir should be law enforcement professional, not political, not employee of Trump. No to Joe.
The Senate should SHUT DOWN until an independent special prosecutor is appointed to probe the Trump campaign & Russia.
The Senate shouldn't conduct ANY BUSINESS until there's a fully empowered, fully funded independent prosecutor, @SenGillibrand
Get informed Low Info (D) Voters   Comey told Congress that Russian probe targets didn't include Trump
Yes! and what R U Waiting for on taking action??  
GET TO WORK and get it done!! or you SenateDemsFools will be replaced!
#NoMoreGames
Thank you Senator for representing your constituents & the American people
The Senate shouldn't consider a new FBI Director until the American people have had a chance to vote on it.
IMO the Senate shouldn't do a damn thing until we know whether or not our president is working for Russia.
If I was James Comey, I'd invest in a polonium detector right now..
Especially one that the Commander-in-Thief & his Attorney Criminal Sessions approve of. They'll try to bury #TrumpRussia.
Do whatever you have to do. Close govt. I'm a fed employee. I'll go without a paycheck so you can fix this mess and get him out of there.
You should be fired! Public Sector Unions should be illegal creates class system Tax Payers pay for your overly generous pay  & benefits!
Dorothy, you don't know what you're talking about so you should stay out of it.
Shut it down Kirsten!! So glad you are my Senator
ME TOO! ME TOO!!
She is the only Senator who voted no on everyone of Trumps cabinet picks! At least somebody still has integrity
You need a crime for a special prosecutor, who has been charged and with what crime, go.
My my...Several "Obama" appointees CONFIRMED that our @POTUS is NOT under investigation already. Really should get better news sources.
He is fucking committing treason.. they aggressivly attacked our democratic process &he invites them over today 2talk bizness alliances!?!?!
Yes he is like a fox in a henhouse and you still have Trump idiots who can't stand up for anything
Normally, a verdict is last except with President Trump. He's guilty. Now, search for evidence knowing full well that innocent is impossible
Thank you! I called your office about this. PLEASE DO ALL U CAN 2 MAKE IT HAPPEN! STOP SENATE BUSINESS, WHATEVER IT TAKES!
Complete crap. Clapper already told you no collusion. What's your problem. You have lost credibility with this bull sh..
Clapper hasn't "clapped back" yet. 45 has an agenda of his own, for his own.  His followers will soon find this out. #DumbAndDumbers
Yes! Don't budge! The #GOP is completely corrupt & will continue to back #Trump just to further their twisted agenda. Fight for us. #resist
Totally agree. They're not in it "for the people!"
Proof? Evidence? You have none
Sally Yates she would be perfect!
waste of time and money.Oh I forgot it's the cry of Dems.in search of a crime that may not exist.no evidence per Yates(Dem DOJ)and Clapper.
Wow, wonder where you get your info. Yates has not finished. 45 needs to go!
Well, I guess Comeys and Sessions testimony was an extremely disappointing day for the Russiagate conspiracy tinfoil hat wearing liberals...
His name is Seth Rich!
Agree, there should not even be a hearing on any Trump nominees until such time.
Kirsten u should actually do something for America & ur state that means something instead of this useless bs bc u don't like OUR PRESIDENT
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand! Regards.
So agree. Must have special investigators. trump will blackmail every single person or fire them to keep truth from Americans we need truth
A certain, supposedly upset career man, in the AG office, could appoint a special prosecutor and we would be done with it one way or another
Which is needed now cuz I'm confused  , special prosecutor or independent commission? Thanks
Not enough. Shut the whole thing down. Halt all Senate work until a special prosecutor is named and funded.
#SpecialProsecutor and @jeffsessions should RESIGN
No we should start impeachment procedures and subpoena @realDonaldTrump taxes that will tell you truth.
No need for a prosecutor until evidence of a crime is found. But that probably doesn't matter to you
I'm with you one hundred percent
Yes! 1000% Yes! Please fight for us! I am calling @PattyMurray and @MariaCantwell tomorrow! #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
NO SHIT SHERLOCK
The Senate should block everything Trump does till this  is settled!

@LeslieMarshall  NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION W RUSSIA AND TRUMP CAMPAIGN. Comey, Brennan and Clapper testified to that fact.
Would you like to shut the entire government down while you pursue your baseless witch hunt?
Yes, exactly
Make it happen PLEASE
@NamekZrel So McCabe leads the investigation?
When we get special prosecutor for IRS, Benghazi, Fast & Furious,   Clinton Emails, Iran crates of cash. I"ll support one for Russia
I vote in NY.  You are wasting tax payers money.
@PRyan should do his job, #25thamendment.
Ur a joke kirsten go back to stocking shelves u hypocrite and liar.
LOL yes @Agent_Stolichnaya clearly got to Hillary and said don't go to Wisconsin #RussiaInvestigation @realDonaldTrump
McCabe has lied about the Trump/Russia investigation and early on tried to quash the investigation
Shut the Senate down!!
And Clinton emails, right?
the next president should appoint the next fbi director....hey mitchmc-let that sink in
absolutely!!!!!!!!
Good idea
Yes. A thousand times yes.
No. Trumps weekend should be suspended till a special investigator can be appointed.No Mara Lago.....ah shit its thurs. Hes gone already huh
I think you should be concentrating on Hillary Clinton's criminal activities instead of Trump. She is so corrupt that it's just not funny.
But first they need to investigate indict and prosecute corrupt criminal hillary clinton
She belongs in jail
Trump = The Senate
Prosecute what?
Hey, @SenGillibrand I hear this guy Comey is available.
Please stand strong! Our democracy is being dismantled piece by piece. Russia is in the WH and in Congress. Colluders sympathizers. Vichy b
@SenateDems The special prosecutor needs to be a grand jury looking into Hillary where we have proof. Not witch hunting Russi
Per Maddow in Feb.McCabe leaked to Priebus NYT abt to drop unfav story re: Russiagate. Sen. Burr the  called NYT 2 squash story? Trust them?
Don't just say it, do it!
Why waste time on wild goose chases? How about working on real problems i.e. budget deficit, national debt, trade deficit etc
Preet Bharara - my top choice for special prosecutor
What we've learned, 0 evidence of collusion, Dems. are brainwashed hypocrites and @SenateDems keep wasting taxpayers.
Call for special proscutor for Bill and Hillary Clinton. Show your concern about justice.
@SenGillibrand @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems #wethepeople want to investigate #Pay2play #UraniumDeal lets dig THERE #WETHEPEOPLE DEMAND answer
@SenateDems This "investigation" has been going on for months, no evidence ever given. Show evidence you currently have
THANK YOU!!
No more confirmation no healthcare no repeals this is more important GOP get priorities straight
This SHOULD have happened to @HillaryClinton SHE IS QUILTY AND SHOULD BE PUNISHED.
@SenateDems Based soley on innuendo? This political drama is here to keep America's illegal wars on the back page. #Syria
Go one better:  appoint Comey as that independent counsel.
Exactly, Senator. You're one of the few with a spine during confirmation votes. See if you can get some of your peers to grow one too.
The @GOP smiling while Trump tears democracy down, it will keep them in power as long as he's the dictator  Just research how Putin did it.
A rudderless and underfunded bureau would be the next best thing for Trump if he can't appoint a crony.
I don't think so Upstate Barbie.  

Go fetch Chuck's pipe & slippers.
Acting FBI Director McCabe says there has been "no effort to impede our investigation to date." http://abcn.ws/2qvW9Aj  
any thing to keep attention away from dccc/dnc core members being arrested for child porn, rape, selling uranium to russia, the list goes on
Or tax reform. 
No special investigator = no tax reform. 
#TrumpRussiaInvestigation
AGREE!! @SenateGOP & @SenateMajLdr do the right thing&assign special commission or prosecutor. If you have nothing to hide, why run from it?
Is Merrick Garland still available?
Put that in the "no shit" category.
How would a leaderless investigative bureau be a benefit to US justice?
The DAV van service is being cancelled maybe you should focus on something that matters to your veteran constituents
#Gillibrand2020

No Senate business AT ALL until a truly independent special prosecutor is brought on. #NoCompromise
Would Trump not want a director-less FBI for an indefinite period of time?
The Senate shouldn't consider any action in support of this admin unless and until we are sure their actions are in best interest of USA.
GOP senate will use media focus on Trump/Russia + Comey firing fallout as cover to ram thru AHCA vote prior to new CBO score. #GOPCorruptAF
If only that will actually occur...
Yes!  Should be automatic without discussion!
Make the new Director a WOMAN!
Agreed!!! AND get to it!!!
Yep. Nothing should be getting passed or debated until this is done. This has gone far enough.
Agreed, but now say it in Congress, Senator. Tweeting to us does nothing but rile. Get to work. Godspeed.
Why stall? Impeach first. Go straight to trial in the Senate.
With simple majority requirements and GOP's party-first practices, a new more accommodatig director will surely be confirmed.
with the GOP unwilling to check trump's autocratic tendencies and the Dems a minority, who will protect us?

You don't get it.  This is not a presidency.  It is a take over.  We may not make it until 2018.
We couldn't have a special prosecutor for the Clinton corruption so we don't need one now
Please go back into hiding
A new "massacre" at DOJ
But Trump just gave the White House to Russia. But not allowed any Americans in the meeting.
Yelling my grey cells 2 appt an independent counsel NOW
The Senate should appoint a special prosecutor to investigate the probe of the investigation of the bla bla bla etc. Forever.
Yes! Please keep fighting for truth.
The new news brings to light the possibility of an Obstruction of Justice by the President.
Should investigate dems ties with Russia
Yeah! Right! Like anybody is going to truly independent
We REALLY nd to take back the HofR & Senate, the sooner the better.
Democrats are lazy obstructionists who will do anything to get out of working. New FBI Director immediately.
Has anyone introduced legislation that would make it possible to appoint an independent prosecutor who Trump couldn’t fire?
That's a little to long to go without an FBI director. They can be done simultaneously don't you think?
Thank you, Senator.
But what makes sense and what happens are rarely the same.
And get all the tax returns
Indeed!
Imaking sure that a great person is directing the FBI is not in your interests. We all know our security and protection doesn't matter 2 you
Nonsense.
And Hillary....,
Let's see if trump puts Rudy guiliani, or newt Gingrich or omarosa, a family member up for the position
So you're going to shut everything down until then, right?
Keep fighting for us
WHY do u need a special prosecutor? Don't u trust the people that are already investigating? You are beginning to sound like schumer puppet
How likely do you think it is Congress will appoint a special prosecutor? Can you suggest more realistic alternative for those who care?
I can't reach your office to thank you by phone but please know this NY voter from Troy has your back all the way
Complicit @SenateMajLdr has said he will do everything to obstruct appointing a special investigation
How long do I have to pay for the dead horse beating?
Thank you for holding out for integrity.
Don't let it happen!!
Obstruction of Justice #SpecialProsecutor #IndependentInvestigation
Thank you, Senator.
Please keep reinforcing this message Senator! Thank you!,
Proving you know little about the system. Clown
Eyeroll.
No they should not.  An independent investigation.  Do your jobs
Any Republican in Congress who now opposes an Independent Investigation is COMPLICIT in subverting American's National Security!
We The People DEMAND an independent prosecutor & investigation!!
Sergey: Did you get rid of Comey? Donald: Taken care of, who do you want him replaced with? #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
The Senate shouldn't consider ANY business until there is a SP or independent panel is appointed.
Exactamundo!
Lead the charge, Senator. Your constituents are with you.
thanks Kirsten!
Shame on you Gillibrand. You make me feel ashamed of being a democrat.
All you libs do is bitch and moan about living under Capitalism, well here's your chance to try a new system!
I agree. Everything you say makes more sense than even one word from the POTUS
TY for continuing to push for proper investigation into #TrumpRussia ties. When will @GOP be accountable? #SpecialProsecutor
PLEASE go full obstruction, the GOP shouldn't be allowed to pass ANYTHING until we know them being in power is legit in the first place.
The republicans will never go for a special prosecutor.  It's democracy at stake, not a blowjob.
That's exactly right, Senator!
Answer one simple question. What crime do you think President Trump committed?
Thank you, Senator. How do your @SenateGOP and @SenateDems colleagues feel about it?

We the People would really like to know their answers.
Can the Senate hold out,and demand a special prosecutor even if McConnell doesn't want one?  Can anyone override what McConnell says?
@jjbenz19 very valid position to take, but Mitch the turtle is against the idea of an independent special prosecutor.
MITCH THE TURTLE HAD NO PROBLEM INVESTIGATING HILLARY 15 TIMES,BUT WANTS TO SUPPRESS THE INFO ON RUSSIA /TRUMP INVESTIGATION TO KEEP POTUS!
Well...yeah...#Trump's screwing all of us by passing the #Republican Screw Americans Act & they R not done yet. #MAGA @GOP #dems
I hear Sally Yates and Preet Bharara have some extra time on their hands if they're taking suggestions for Special Prosecutors. 
Can we get an independent to investigate the DNC rigging of the primary also ?
Democrats in the House and Senate should do everything they can to block everything until an independent prosecutor is named.
You've turned into nothing but a vote chaser. Do something for your constituents in NY. Stop following the prevailing wind.
Stand firm
Blah blah blah....stop talking and do something
Agree. @SenJeffMerkley @RonWyden
Analysis | Mitch McConnell just shut down any hopes Democrats had of an independent Russia investigation
Thank you, as always, for your commitment to the American people and to New York
There should be no consideration of ANYTHING until that happens. No nominations, no legislation, not so much as naming a Post Office.
Agree  %
Highly agree.
Please. Sanity please!!
Independent Special Prosecutor for Hillary Private Unsecured Server, Susan Rice Unmasking , Louis Learner IRS , Use of FISA warrants etc
Can't approve a Trump supporter for the job of head of @FBI this is about being fair to all people in the USA
Exactly! The wheels need to stop until there is a special prosecutor & a non partisan independent committee to investigation Trump/Russia
2020, Senator Gillibrand. We're waiting for you
What do we do to ensure this happens? I'm nagging @RepLeeZeldin and @RepPeteKing every chance I get but they're tRumpets.
Or ANY other govt business until an independent prosecutor is picked by a bipartisan panel.
How's the weather over there, Camrade?
"Former stand-up comic" was the best decision you've made in your life.
And now you Republicans defend Russia over American justice. Gold! 
