Thanks for going. Moron trump was lying and abusing the use of Air Force I impeach trump he is mentally unfit

Yes, Puerto Rico always shouting this is bad, this is in poor conditions.  Where is the millions paid to Mrs Donahue when she had the AEE.
For a minute there I thought you were talking about upstate NY.
A doc colleague of my DIL amassed med supplies and procured a plane via Facebook and Amazon private donations; flew them to PR today.
Thank you for going, Senator.
uh, when did they become a state?
Uh US citizens. Why such hate 4someone HELPING? What did YOU do to help? #impeach45 #SavePR #resist
asking a question. when did they become a state? no hate here
My family in the towns of Utuado and Peñuelas are reporting that food is so scarce they fear the vulnerable will die. Need Food drops.
This is so true. I just evacuate my mom last weekend and she was hungry with no food nor water. I had to get her out fast. Sickness is now
l I am going this week to Utuado to get my Mom too. Any tips or things that I should know? Please PM me,if you have a little time to talk.
I sure will pm you.
So we do have some govt officials who are worthy- phew!
Thank you Senator Gillibrand for your steadfast efforts to deliver resources and results to the citizens of PR....
Please keep PR and USVI up front and center until all that needs to get done is done. Thank you for traveling to PR.
What is being done in Congress ? Are senators and congressmen talking? I just see posts but have not heard about discussion on capit Hill
Why the f--- is everyone going to PR.  Do your job here.
Of course!!
..tell us something we don't know. Glad you got to enjoy a free trip on the taxpayers. Maybe you could roll up sleeves and help while there!
I dont see YOU there helping! Pendejo! #impeach45 #SavePR #resist
#RenewJonesActWaiver
WHO PAID FOR YOUR TRIP

Were granted space to stay at FEMA/Military housing. Looks like they and other private groups going to supplement aid so direly needed.
We knew that without your visit
It's painful to watch Ricky Rosselló at the head of all this, defending Trump's response while inexplicably saying he needs more from the US
Why you gotta make NY look bad by looking like we care about poor/brown people?
Is this serious? US NOT only 4 whites.
Sarcasm font on yr twitter machine done be broke? #impeach45 #SavePR #resist
Thank you @SenGillibrand
Stop wasting New York State text pairs money do your job in New York State help the veterans
Go visit PR but do leave our NY taxpayers checkbook at home. #DumpGillibrand
Harvey Weinstein multiple sexual assaults is 10× worse than potus Trump video will sen gillibrand disavow Weinstein since he funds the sen
Will you support repeal of Jones Act, comprehensive aid packages, and pressure FEMA and DoD to provide consistent, widespread support?
Thank you Kirsten!  Bet u didnt see Stefanik there! Once again YOU STAND OUT AND STAND UP FOR US! #Impeafh45 #resist
What are we going to do about #PuertoRico. You all say "more is needed" BUT NOTHING IS BEING DONE. WHAT R WE GOING TO DO? WATS NEXT??
Thank you Senator for going to PR. Please stay on it and urge your fellow senators to act on much needed assistance to help PR.
Kirsten gillibrand is taking money from sexual assaulter harvey Weinstein will she disavow him
Thank you for representing New York and all of our brothers and sisters in PR.
Need to make them a state.  To this admin., territories don’t count.
T – at Richmond Summer Senior Center
No shit. ....
Where can we donate in Long Island?
So glad you care enough to go
Pls tell Trump & show pics.
It’s a good thing potus is on the job!!
Make it happen, Senator.
Appreciate the thoughts but you really had to travel there to see it?  Didn't believe the news of the past few weeks??
Better 4 her 2 see 4 herself & go back to Senate 2 get PR $
Thanks for your appreciation.
They still haven’t cleared the roads. Where is FEMA, RED CROSS. !???? It’s the private sector that’s getting it done.
Obviously the baby in command has his little hands full. He can not lead. We are facing the worst humanitarian crisis ever
So tell them in Congress. People are dying. They are AMERICANS. THEY PAY TAXES
Weak
Not tough enough.
@ricardorossello is so caught up in the press coverage he cant comprehend this tweet is literally saying hes not doing enough. Fukin moron!
Nice photo. Glad you made it safely.
Were there any other women Senators there?
And you are doing what to help?
Did you fly commercial at your personal expense or did the taxpayers pay for your flights?
Probably not like Trump's traitorous admin. $20k/hr 4 private plane 2 see eclipse
Let your voices be heard at Congress, the american citizens in Puerto Rico deserve and needs all the help to recover
Well sure!! Maria destroyed PR and it will take years to recover. The worst hurricane ever seen in Puerto Rico!
What did u expect it all to be done by now
Would like to know if you met with @CarmenYulinCruz or were you only shepherded by FEMA to see what they wanted you to see.
With PR  mainland voters & potential candidacy to POTUS - NO surprise
How much aid did your little trip displace from being sent/distributed?
Thank you. Please help them!
Thank you 
Looks like you met with a lot of men...
No #kidding! Maybe the #hurricane had a #destructive impact there! Haah!!
In ur opinion which towns needed the most help? Did u only go 2 tourist parts of #PR?
#RuralVillages #MariaPR #aid
We need #info for #relief
Utuado,  Jayuya,
@Jr3597
Comerio, Loiza
Instead of saying something need to be done, be a leader and do/initiate something. ANYONE can say “ more work to be done”
Please don't forget us in the Virgin Islands.
So do it Senator
gillibrand    we the new yorkers elected y  we  need y  help in new yorkers  no  in  puerto rico  y   just going to get away f/m us the JJJ
Sorry but what about St Croix? No visit ? If no shame on you!
Sure just send our tax dollars
Always proud of you. I want everyone to take note, you are the ONLY senator taking notes in this breifing. 
And r u now going to attack FEMA and DJT. I will follow to see your comments of support or attack.
Well maybe you should get down there and help!
Give hil a call, try convincing her to donate some Clinton fdn $$ to PR
 Like the great charity work they did in Haiti.
, this response is trash and says and does nothing. You could have said this without visiting.
After traveling to PR to see the relief effort, it is clear that there is much more work to be done to help our fellow citizens recover. 
U must LEAD, EDUCATE,  CHALLENGE, & PUSH ur political, corporate, & wealthy colleagues & friends to fix the mess they created. #PRonthemap
looks like everyone is fine to me. what about third world countries? ;-)
levittown NY is raising money to help! #levittownstrong
Thanks Princess OBVIOUS
Please don't delay any longer,  they needs help as of yesterday but 19 days later still an emergency, logistic nightmare...
Thank you for Following My President Trumpppppp Foot Steps !!! Glad y'all went instead of COMPLAINING about it. !!
How political just what they need more hacks showing up telling the world the Dems legacy bankruptcy and enormous debt
Thank you for going. News crews are reporting no problems with roads to various towns that FEMA refuses to go to. These are Americans
#FakeNews
Thank you @SenGillibrand. Please tweet and post links how we NYers can help!!!
Were you able to visit the inner parts of PR?

#DidYouDoAnything #DuringThatTrip
to #StopTheWasteOf14000DollarsPerSecond
#CongressionalDebtAbuseInterest ?
SENATOR THE CHURCH KNEW !THE MOST COMMON NAMES ARE USED FIRST !WHY WAS THIS HURRICANE CALLED MARIA??
Thankyou so much you are so wonderful.We need to help Puerto Rico,let's get those traitors out of the White House!
SENATOR THEY WILL TRY TO BUY PR FOR PENNIES ON THE DOLLAR THEY ARE WAITING FOR ALL TO LEAVE! BUT OUR GOVERNMENT WILL HELP ;AND REBUILD!
R govt MADE the problem. Sold PR like a roll.of paper towels. What have U done to HELP? #impeach45 #SavePR #resist
THEY LEND PUERTO RICO BILLIONS KNOWING THE FUTURE AND A CATASTRO WAS TO HAPPEN IN FLORIDA !THEY WOULD OF MADE PR GO BANKRUPT! AND BUY FOR +
I am sure that with all your (and @SenSchumer ) connections on Wall st U could do a lot to erase their debt.
PUERTO RICO'S PEOPLE ARE VICTIMS OF FOUL PLAY !BY THOSE WHO KNEW ABOUT WHAT WAS TO HAPPEN WITH HURRI MARIA! AS WELL AS THOSE WHO LENT MONEY
Well how about instead of using Guns of Gov U go out & hold rallies or whatever 2 raise $  Compassion is Not using force 2 do a good deed
Did you throw paper towels At them?  That helps
hold some more meetings,i'm sure that'll speed the process up.pass a resolution,that'll help.appoint a committee that'll really help.
whatever u do,don't talk to the people doing the actual work,you might learn something useful.
They’re good on paper towels, right?
There has to be a mechanism in place were peaple from the states can contribute to a presses that will benifit the island and country
Corporate America benifited in the past until some congressman threw a monkey wrench in to the processes.
Hey Kirsten Gillibrand, You exposed yourself as a PHONY all by yourself! All lies- MORE FAKE NEWS
Agreed. Have you personally donated? Your family wealth’s is legendary.
Thank you, @SenGillibrand!
Looks like a bunch of people standing around dressed to do nothing. Put on some boots, gloves and work. At least Trump threw paper towels
Of course more work is needed why don’t thank the people for the work that has been done oh wait that doesn’t fit the bash trump narrative
And unlike the Puerto Ricans, Kirsten hasn't missed many meals.
Please donate what you can to @HispanicFed do all the good U can 4 as long as U can 4 all the people you can! @HillaryClinton @Lin_Manuel
Thanks for that insightful scoop at taxpayer expense . Hope you at least got some photo opps
If it were the state of PR it'd be a different conversation.
Can they go nsxf time in jeans and t-shirts and not chinos and button down shirts. Like really? Did u go to haul things or attend meetings
Miss the "flood heels" do yah
It was a Progressive shit hole long before you came on the scene, sweetie.
