you are a heartless liar.
Eliminate the $113billion we spend on illegal aliens every year and problem solved. Pick one ! ---> American citizens or Illegal aliens.
Amen Tammie
Trump is NOT a POTUS...he is a POS!!!!!!! Trump the POS!!!!! And deserves the Title of POS.
shame on Congress! May you all choke on your next meal!
Especially when you are "KNOWINGLY" doing it.
"feeding ppl doesn't 'work'. We're going to try starvation and see how that goes..."
How about we keep food from the @GOP for a few days and see how the feel then.
I see all those meals put in a garbage can.
Democrats social spending is so far over reaching it is sick. We have to make cuts, so let's start with nanny state programs.
Doesn't seem very #ProLife #TheResistance
#Trump is dangerous to everyone
Too many people on food stamps...we need jobs and people paying their own way...you are ridiculous
Republicans seem to think Life begins at conception and ends at birth.
old tired line.
Human minus heart equals Republican. That's how.
First of all, you'd have to be devoid of any compassion for anyone other than one's self.
if they can afford tattoos IPhones cable braids they can buy their own food
take the 130 billion you just gave to illegal nuclear israel(no NPTreaty illegal aid)over a trillion since 1948
"Refugees" and illegals are sucking up our resources. #AmericaFirst
Does this help answer your question? #grifters #DonTheCon
I cannot fathom anything more heartless and inhumane. Why not cut spending for his trips to his "Winter / NY  WH"?
@TheBaxterBean @mtredden They practiced @AGPamBondi on theBlack community b4 proffering it4 others bc NO respect is just that
Your joining the Trump 2020 Campaign team appreciated.
Please fight this!
Maybe a YouTube video could provide the same education 4  faction of the cost Learn to save taxpayer money instead wasting it
maybe you should donate some of your book $$$ to help. We pay the taxes we want the cuts!!!!!!
Take the illegals out of the equation and Americans will not lose a dime @VP
No kid should go hungry but it is NOT the responsibility of the Federal Government!!!
.@SenGillibrand Maybe if we didn't have to feed and support ILLEGAL aliens we could afford to feed our own.
again, thank you senator.  When our society stops caring for its least able, we are done for. We fight with you.
@caitiecait21 I guess he feels the need to punish them for who they are.
because he is a monster! Keep up the good fight!
GOP so short sided Do not care the effect of cuts on families We must have a healthy and educated populace first! !
What do you expect from this jackass! It is not the poor that are hungry, it is the FILTHY RICH THAT ARE SO DESPERATE TO CHOKE ALL
the kids wouldn't that crap Michelle Obama was dishing
Don't forget the old folks.
Once New Yorkers smarten up they will realize you're socialist programs just bankrupt this great state
now you care about Americans? You had no problem giving money to refugees
#Gynocentrism #Misandry
where is this the federal government's responsibility?
couldn't agree more!  My 8 year old is doing a food drive for his bday w/ Three Square in Las Vegas
The young ones can't vote, and the Meals on Wheels folks will be dead by the 2020 campaign.
@thisoldguy57 How can you ask rhetorical questions yet do nothing? He's impeachable, do your job.
Impeaching a president requires majority vote by House Reps-first. Asking rhetorical ??s doesn't = not doing a job
I know, but democrats can still bring it up. I'm tired of us doing all the heavy lifting w/o a bit of support.
believe me I understand you. Dems are still so gobsmacked they can't find a way plus being a minority party makes them impotent
I know, but if they make noise it could gain traction just like their outrage over trumpcare. I'm frustrated.
got your back on this 🖒
Thanks, I think. Don't get the though!
it was supposed to be a thumbs up. My girls keep telling me to stop with the emojis because they're not translating so ThumbsUp!
This makes furious. Report says no real link to learning improvement so let them go hungry. FURIOUS!
500,000 military veterans rely upon MOW. How is that supporting our military @realDonaldTrump
@RepMiaLove A question that needs a big-hearted, compassionate answer, Mia. #utpol
we must keep on knocking down doors in town halls flood their meetings. We have to fight back @realDonaldTrump 
maybe a few less trips to FL WH
vote no
we are talking about someone who has no heart. All he cares about is his terrible agenda not the country
- while he flies off to FL again costing taxpayers $3m - he's self-indulgent narcissistic traitor who should be IMPEACHED
classic distraction strategy, we liberals have to learn-they will give into these low hanging fruits, fight for the big stuff
11mil spent by EPA study to see how far a walking fish could walk on a treadmill. How many poor would that feed
- "World ends tomorrow, women and children hardest hit"
100bil spent on 18 food programs in us 2014 elimination of duplication of administration alone will account budget
Much worse than "Heartless" I think. Looking for a word to describe this and still be allowed on Twitter
#MAGAdoom
thank you, Senator. Keep fighting for us!
I'm grateful I live in NY where we have you and Chuck fighting this evil & insanity. Thank you for all you do
while the heartless bastard goes golfing &we pay for Melania to live in NYC so she doesn't have to sleep w/ him
They can get their assistance in other places, programs that don't work or cost money Must be stopped shut down Period
he hates women.
@TeresaHutson1 @guardian Unconscionable!!
somehow the trips to Mar-A-Lago and the idiotic security costs for Melania have to be financed.
Trump is a madman. Please do something before he gets us blown up!
You all in congress have to fight the fight too Kristen . Obstruction is all they will understand. We are doing our part
So is all 72,000.000 of us who didn't vote for trump (65M+ HRC + Stein Johhnson write-ins each donated 1/
$5 to Meals on Wheels they'd have $360,000,000! & could then tell 45 to go intercourse himself!
please fight for us - we stand with you!!  This is NOT who we are as Americans #resist
fight this with all you have!!! #SaveMealsOnWheels
After reviewing the WIC budget one can see that almost a third of the cost,($1.9b), goes to admin cost. Prob too high!
What the hell is wrong with these people!
he needs funding for his weekend trips to Fl. That cost the taxpayers 1 million a day and so his wife can live in NY 10mil wk
No Salute- he hates soldiers !!
pt2. He is also for meals on wheels for Seniors. And he is also to  after school program & for free lunches for schools
please fight back, Senator. We will help you.
pt1 He is hud that provided for 9/11 recovery & Hurricane Sandy Rebuilding would be ZONED OUT.
tRUMP isn't going hungry, obviously.
But....  results. Where are the proven results that feeding hungry people makes any improvements to USA?
We can't let anyone go hungry on our watch. Where 1 can eat, we can split it for 2 and so on.. Sharing
45 has no heart.  Brains are simply questionable at this point.
how abt cutting trips to FL & have ur family move to the WH! Or give ur salary back like U said U were doing? U lied!
45 has no heart.  Brains are questionable too.
Stop Kirsten! Go after the parents who sell their food stamps or buy booze and tobacco products with them. Stop fraud.
and how much $$ is being spent on security for 45's wife and kid to stay in NYC?
Jesus, get the kid a tutor already and move! Me thinks FLOTUS doesn't want to be around SCROTUS.
not just that but how can you have Americans pay for your families lavish lifestyle choices and increased military spending
as he goes off to his mansion in Florida at the people's expense
And Trump's cutting funding for Meals on Wheels, too.  Please reconsider running for President: #Gillibrand2020 !!!
When your ideology advisor thinks the "unfit" need to die off lest they "pollute" the Master Race, you can easily.
how can anyone think a master race exists and that people like trump are members
When considering the hungry, poor, women, minorities, immigrants, Muslims ..Trump applies his "They Don't Deserve" theory.
what are you taking about? How is Guardian fake? Is a report you don't like "fake" just because you don't like it?
@POTUS has devil on BOTH of his shoulders.   He is a real-life Snidely Whiplash.
Trump vowed,“The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer.” Guess he forgot “unless they are poor.”
So that the top can have even MORE money?? Shame on them and the voters that put them there. Many are one and the same.
