Undermining Obamacare, President Trump signed an order paving the way for cheaper policies with fewer benefits http://nyti.ms/2gz9zF7 
Actually insurance companies anticipated this move and have already raised rates. That’s why your premiums and co-pays are up
Then do SOMETHING to stop him. I'm a huge supporter of yours, but tweeting about it isn't doing enough. Do something, or I'll vote elsewhere
Is herr #Trump starting to cleanse the people? He is creating a death pool. Who’s next on .@POTUS list? .@realDonaldTrump is evil. #RESIST
Please stop #TrumpsWaronHealthcare
Maybe the rest of the Dems will wake up and recognize this guy is ruining the Health Care Act piece by piece. So much for cooperation.
Really don't you care about your middle class constituency who are going broke on Obama care? Don't think so
The unilateral action by POTUS is just cruel, will hurt poor and elderly most, while increasing the deficit. Hope that Congress acts to fix
Nothing about gov run HC in the US constitution. It's great socialism. Fraudulently conceived ACA guaranteed this would happen.
This is what you get when you elect a self-centered rich guy based on daddy’s money who ripped of many people before being POTUS
Nothing about gov run HC in the US constitution. It's great socialism. Fraudulently conceived ACA guaranteed this would happen.
Is there anything you can do to get rid of this callous buffoon? ANYTHING?
When you step away from the US constitution like @POTUS44 did, chaos ensues. Support the constitution & all politics will become clearer.
What are you and Congress doing about it? NOTHING. You are derelict in your duty to uphold the rule of law. Impeach him or resign.
If you think Sen. G.--or Dems--can impeach, you do not understand how our gov'm't. works.
Don't patronize me. I know exactly how the government works.
And you're a bot so f-off
good . time to destroy the fraud  obumfuck care.
can't a lawsuit be mounted? how is it legal for the president to undermine a law congress passed?
He is a terrible excuse for a human being let alone leader of the free world. His actions are inexcusable.
And the do nothing Senate and Congress should be praised for not doing anything? We have many poor excuses in DC. At least Trump is acting.
Acting in a manner that is not in line with what the majority of Americans want or need.
Actually he is acting in our best interests. No one else in D.C. Is. Obstructionists must go.
Keep telling yourself that He is lining his own pockets and hurting the very people that voted him in The poor, elderly, and disenfranchised
As if HRC and Obama weren't. This is systemic of DC. Trump is working for free btw.
Ha! He is not working for free. He is making bank by spending weekends at his own resorts. Much more than the pres salary (tax write off )
Please get him out of the White house Thank you
Is this completely legal? Can there be challenges?
When you and your family accept Obummercare then that's when you all crooked politicians should open your tr@p$ole.
Do you have any republican friends in the Senate? Can we please just start openly & loudly talking about using the 25th
Medicare for all is looking better all the time.
What is to be gained by anyone for degrading our healthcare? Undertakers?
Trump must be removed from office immediately before he can do more damage to this country. What is Congress waiting for??
If you think the #MoronInChief cares about #WeThePeople , then I have a bridge 4 sale.  Systematic eugenics has been a R goal for a century.
Why do gov employees have great insurance and we the people can't have any! You all wouldn't want 2suffer what we tax payers do!#impeachnow
This is why Obama developed the ACA in the first place. Trump ripped the heart out of US health care.
Between treatment, deductible and payments I already spend thousands a year. I’m not alone. Please keep fighting, lives depend on you.
You know that for a fact?
We have to get him out of office.
THE    SENATOR IS MISLEADING   ME  PHARAMACITS OBAMACARE THE WROST EVER  BEEN CREATED I CHALLENEG  SEN  GIL   TO UBLIC  DEBATE
@SenGillibrand, it's time to introduce a bill banning to development, manufacture, and dispensing of ED meds...that should help their focus!
And what will YOU do to keep this from becoming law?
Do not negotiate with trump
Too bad his #MAGAMorons won't ever figure out that their "god" screwed them over. Meanwhile, non #Deplorables die because of their bigotry.
Kirsten coverage us already expensive but you probably haven't noticed
What can you do? Is it legal? What can we do?  This MUST be stopped!
Do you plan to do anything other than make statements?
Please run for president.
You should have repealed, but you played politics & were more concerned with voting against our Pres. than helping the American people. 
You and Chucky play the same old song you two are bad for America
Obamacare is atrocious! Anything is better than that!
- pls fix #Dsrp for #nychhc
#TrumpIsAMoron & #Trumpknows #TrumpIsAMoron &we know #TrumpIsAMoron & #Trumpknows weknow #TrumpIsAMoroon #MENSAPROVEN #DOTARD #ACAsabotage
you must have missed the marketing class at Dartmouth
HA HA HA ITS SO FUNNY HOW YOU THINK WE ARE SO STUPID HOWS YOUR PREMIUMS
HOW CAN YOU SUPPORT OUR 125% INCREASE

NO REELECTION FOR YOU
Yeah, Obamacare didn't sabotage anything. Ignorant statement Kirsten.
Anything that hastens the demise of Obamacare is a wonderful thing.
So doing nothing is your answer?
Impeachment remove  jail
Your complaint is actually against Capitalism.
Absolutely. When my son was little, his dad was responsible for providing ins 4 him. He pd 4 a bogus policy 4 yrs; son broke his arm BADLY
That policy eventually paid $28 for bills totaling over $15,000!
Yes I’m personally f**ked! But who car s right?!? #TrumpCare will kill us! #RemoveTrumpNow #TrumpCrimeFamily
Than do your job and get something on the presidents desk to sign. Quit your whining.
Maybe we find true cost of insurance versus cost of healthcare?
Well, he's nothing, if not consistent: EVERYthing he says and does is deplorable.
If #POTUS found a way to drop a million bucks in every American’s acct, you’d find something wring with it.
No it will not, since Obamacare is not afforable and has $5,000 deductible. Stop lying.
I have been self-insured through WellMark since 1993. My premiums have gone up every year because Congress refuses to regulate the industry.
Once again Sen. Gillibrand thanks for keeping us informed! You are wonderful!

You all better win back the Senate and house next year.
Returning healthcare to the free market is the Best news news.
Not fewer benefits, just a bill with no health care. What jerks his supporters r. America 1st in death and lack of ins. Stupidest pres ever
Even more expensive than ObamaCare made it?
Do you have a clue what a feee market is
Right people can invest it want they want and need.  Or NOT
As it stands right now Premiums have doubled in many states, other are seeing dbl digit increases. Please remove the partisan blindfold
He just spit on the Dems. I wonder if any of you will ever have what it takes to shut him down.
He doesn't care.
A traitor using Putin to win POTUS, now a saboteur destroying our healthcare and environment.What's next? #GOP #corruption #ACA  #Russiagate
What is congress planning on doing about this? Also do we the people still need to be calling our elected officals?
pass a law banning lobbying from companies that provide life services to the public like health care, drug companies that will stop it
People are just pawns in his ego boosting...
Impeach #45
This proposal may benefit younger,,healthier persons but leave older, disabled with unaffordable premiums. Designed 2 undermine AFC.
Lawsuits?
I am praying that you and @SenSchumer will help all of the New Yorkers who will be savaged by this.
Then DO SOMETHING to stop him!!!
Please run for president and help us get back on our feet.
Yes while you nit raised the  alarm about this till now
Senator you statement is just an opinion.  How does allowing a person to buy only what the need constitute a bad thing?
trump only cares about pandering to his base and providing huge tax cuts for himself and top 1%
The cold blooded bastards have stolen our country .
Please, @SenGillibrand , do whatever you can to prevent this!
@BarackObama @JudiciaryDems emergency block his tax bill also his back up ins co on his end this is war against our war vets health care
Might be time for many Americans to invest in prepaid funeral arrangements. The Congress has the power to remove him from office. Pls Help!
It's called the free market, you have heard of it stop crying wolf. Take a tums put a towel on your head and relax.
Then y did u pass a law that gave the HHS Secy almost unlimited powers to change the law in a way that u say will harm millions of people
@cehagmann
SOOOOO  Ill get what I pay for
What can we do I feel like we are screaming in the wind while everyday Nero fiddles....never felt so powerless
IMPEACHED!
Don will be responsible for K if not MM of Americans to have worse, failing health & even deaths as cost & the most vulnerable can't pay
Good thing you guys exempted yourselves from that mess, huh?
He will get his wish to destroy the #ACA, I hope the dems will back #MedicareForAll in 2020.
Medicare4All remains the only truly equitable solution. Healthcare doesn’t belong in a for profit model.
