If I was to demand accountability I would start with u & ur Democrat colleagues that crammed a failing healthcare system down our throats.
It is not failing, it is being sabotaged by this administration and by Republican states that blocked the subsidies and the Medicaid exp.
It was designed to fail and be replaced with single payer. Thankfully Hillary lost and single payer isn't going to happen.
Yeah 'cause it would be awful if the country had healthcare for ALL  like almost every other civilized country in the world!! Terrible?!
The free market is a better solution. Competition and choices will reduce cost and improve quality.
What is the goal of the market? It doesn't have a goal, right? So, the market is in charge of healthcare, not people. That's not bright.
The free market puts people in control with choices. Those choices competing for your business is what lowers costs and improves quality.
QUality for whom? Not the people priced out, right? You think a market exists without losers? Will you cap the amount I can sue a doc for?
Demand accountability for Trump!
And it won't matter.  Just like when you a-holes used an obscure tactic to foist Commie Care on us
The current proposal is a death care bill. #overmydeadbody
This, of course, is not a healthcare bill.......it is just another arm of the attack on the stability of our country.
HealthCare-LESS Bill!!
@FraninHudson coined it best! The "GOP Wealth-Care bill!"
Last time I checked, the senator wasn't in Russia. BTW how is the weather there in Moscow?
Weather is hot as hell & humid in Dallas but thanks 4 asking 
Oh, so Putin got you a visa.
Have you spoken to the working middle class devastated by ACA premiums?
Where were u at when Obama care was passed?
Try shutting your month for a changw
Please We Asked You Nice..
Wed. at 5:00pm: human chain at the U.S. Capitol to protest the GOP health care repeal. Come, tell your friends, & RT to spread the word.
But what does one do to stop this bill when YOU are their senator?   Thank you for all you are doing, Senator!! You make NYers proud!
I voted for change in gov't stalemate.  I demand accountability from my NY senators to do their jobs and come up with solutions.
Thx for fighting for us. I'm sending an "insurance denial letter" to GOPs so they can see how it feels. #AHCA
Call family & friends in Red States Remind them pay, infrastructure, ACA all better in Blue states & to call their senators asking why
Senator, fight fight, fight. Protect the 22 million people who will lose health care.
Medicare for everyone! It is a wonderful program that is working for everone now covered. PS I am a NY voter.
 thank you for your hard work!
The Federal govt should NOT be funding abortions
Dems. & Reps. Need to work together to fix ACA!!!
Tell this phrase HEALTH CARE-Less Bill!!!
Can't you just pants McConnell every time he goes to speak?
Elected officials are there to represent us.  If they cant do their job, they must be voted out.
The GOP know that they will lose bigly in 2018 and 2020 and are trying to fuck up as much shit as possible.
Done
SenGillibrand Lying Demorat needs to b voted Out! My premiums for HC has doubled and less benefits. We The PPL Need Out of ObamaCare
Done!
LOL instigator not FOR Women only for Yourself
I have emailed as well.
I wish she had done this the first time around.
YES! THIS IS CRITICAL! Here are some suggestions on who to call ...
What I don't get is why are you one of the very few DEMOCRATS that are fighting fire with fire it's the only way to defeat them
Go back to when America was great...on medical insurance??Rich people had surgery and died of it!  Not enough people to practice on!
I haven't seen anything about a healthcare bill. I do raise my voice about the wealthcare bill they are pushing.
Who can we call if we are in ny? Both senators are dem and my congressman is too.
Can Obama and Michelle do a "Corbyn at Glastonbury"
You may want to tell your leader to stop saying this health care bill will "Kill" millions... It only encourages your supporters to kill.
Have you taken accountability for the failure that is ObamaCare? Yeah, I didn't think so.
Senator Gillibrand all that is great. However Dems need to present an alternative plan. Why aren't you and others in committee preparing?
ugh. how did you even get elected?
Sure, when we did that you called us racists, accused us of hating poor people, and made us pariahs.
And then we can get a real market based fix... get Gov out of healthcare!!!
I agree!  If we allow Obamacare to implode completely then all the people will see the Dems for what they are!!!
Parasitic POTUS will bleed America dry and claim it was a preexisting condition. #resist

As long as both sides of the aisle are receiving money from healthcare profiteers our voices dont matter. Money matters more to politicians.
Sorry toots, I have a job to go to to pay NYS taxes
Can you please lead a bipartisan coalition to REALLY address the healthcare crisis?  Neither #Obamacare nor #Trumpcare do. Thank you.
Senator, Please post the switchboard number for people to call, it will help a lot.
get involved
Also, Please call Senators Murkowski (AK); Mike Lee (TX); Capito (W.Va.) and Rand Pul (KY) to ask them to vote NO.
Called mine, @CoryGardner of Colorado. I hope he steps up for us. He's earning a bad reputation. This bill should not even be considered.
@SenKamalaHarris @SenFeinstein I am not calling you because I know you will do the right thing.
Thank you
@shannonrwatts Why can't Obama care stand on its own?
It requires government funding from taxes on the rich.  Cut funding cut taxes.  Rich win. Poor die.
It's not a Health care bill it's a steal from everybody and give it to the very wealthy~What does health care have to do with taxes?
We're doing it ma'am! We got this.
Yes we do!!!  #Resist
WE HAVE BEEN AND WE ARE EXHAUSTED
Will do. Senator, please throw every amendment at this, and we know there are a lot. Delay, delay, delay. Grind to a halt. #KillTheBill
I don't think they care Sen. How do you stand going to work with these scum every day. How do you not bring 'Lucille' with you and Smash!
What no use of foul language in your request Senator? Your a real good example for the kids.

Do your part people...no complacency
Been calling, tweeting, and faxing about this and so many other things almost daily for mos. My MsOC-Olson, Cornyn, Cruz-don't give a damn.
Thank you for your courage, your strength and for fighting! Your constituents and Americans stand behind you!
When will the people grind the everyday to a halt and FLOOD the streets with their bodies complaining about this healthcare bill?
Who speaks as the head of your party on this issue?
@SenGillibrand: whom should New Yorkers call? Give us a number. We know you and @SenSchumer already oppose the GOP health care bill.
Kirsten you are my rep, keep it up. I got your back!
Fight the fight Senator Gillibrand. And then work for Single payer. Thank you.
Take back Congress! Run on single payer! Healthcare for all!
Bitter pill for voters in our democracy to receive the government they deserve... #rockbottom
You had eight years to get it right without bankrupting our nation. You chose wrong!
Oh we so are!! Thank you @SenGillibrand !  #killthebill of #Trumpcare !
And YOU please #filibuster by #amendment - #Dems can stop this abomination! #justdoit #TrumpCareKills #StopAHCA #MAGA
Government out of my Healthcare now!
Maybe people need to start looking at how many people may become unemployed because of this bill.  Less insurance, people don't go to
doctors or urgicare centers.  People will be laid off
We also need massive protests around the country to demand the impeachment of the Russian puppet in the White House! Women should lead again
Dems should ask for a meeting with @potus.  UR not part of the solution then UR part of the problem and loving the corruption in this bill
As one of your constituents, I appreciate all your doing!!! #StopTrumpCare
Why didn't you all complain when many NYers couldn't afford ACA. So many took the fine and are without any healthcare at all!
@SenateDems @GOP @SenateMajLdr @SenSchumer  my boss will drop ins under AHCA my thyroid/asthma meds, then job lost, McConnell can put me up
Glad AF you're ours. <3
Have but @SenToomey doesn't listen to his constituents.
Yes demand accountability on all sides. Demand #SinglePayer ! Demand #UniversalHealthCare ! Demand it NOW! #Resist
jamming your line.
when we going to Iowa?  BTW Mark Z has never heard of a truck stop.  WOW that is just sad.
Dunno, my premium went to high and could no longer afford it. The insurance people are making billions. No win
There is a win. Singlepayer. But we HAVE to hold our representation accountable for taking ins. co money over our lives.
Shut this down!!
202-224-3121 it's a recording.  Don't b nervous.  Follow the prompts
Because those obstructionist activities are working so well for you, how about you come up with some creative ideas instead

#CelebratingA4ThOfYourLiesTrump: Next Stop Impeachment & Jail Time. Sincerely yours, one combat veteran. 
Don't give them too much power or they'll start asking why normal citizens have little to not support running for any form of office 
Besides #'s uninsured, give us #'s of seniors kicked out of nursing homes, #disabled people impacted, just not healthcare but Medicaid cuts!
Hey @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump put a lipstick  on a pig  and it is still a ! This healthcare bill is SHIT! 23 Million will DIE
@GeorgeTakei does anyone have a list of people and numbers we need to be calling??
Elections has consecuences.
March where? Nothing organized. I think we should convert Jul 2 impeachment march to health care. It's urgent
Save my grandma's dementia care! 6600/month in Ca. #resist
And cuss a lot eh?  That's how you folks "Resist"  -   works well for you...
@GeorgeTakei hold your breath, stomp your feet, cry, put on your vagina costume. These are your choices. LOL
Thank you, Senator, for speaking out against this bill. You are my senator and I want you to know we have your back. Keep resisting!
Be nice if Republicans would empty their voice mail
You voted Yea on Obamacare so you're not in a position to demand anything in a new health care bill tbh.
Start in Ohio,  KY, Maine,
This is as loud as I can say it.
WE DON'T WANT YOU!!!
Wow, you're right!
Feel so much better now.
YES WE DO. lol. Shitheel.
Then do so at your own peril...
Gladly. I'm proud to say @SenGillibrand is my state's. And Uncle George is the fucking best ever.
WooHoo for you!!!
Shitheelishious!!!
AMENDMENTS!  You can slow this thing down.  I'll write some for you if you're busy.
Taking away everything decent one piece at a time! Immoral, unethical & inhuman! Whatever happened to compassion?
Oh come on! Really? Not everyone opposes
They don't care what we think. YOU need to do more.
If you want accountability how about Genocide & Crimes Against Humanity in 2019? LOCK THEM ALL UP FOREVER!
Stats show ones who will be hurt the most by this bill are Trump voters.PASS THE BILL AS IS! Give em what they voted 4
Calling. Marching. Who else is in? Demand accountability for a kind, not cruel, health care bill.
If all else fails - shoot your representative- is that the Dem way?
We've been doing this for months. They just keep trying to ruin us.
And please tell your senators that massive tax cuts & breaks for the rich is greed, not policy. #Resist
Have you put forth any suggestions to fix the current system? If you have I have not seen any of them.
How about bringing a manure spreader to your office and coating it? That's new your rural resistance to your divisiveness
We are, We will, We definitely will
See us on WEDNESDAY
With OR W/O our genital hats?
Demand to know why Congress is keeping theirs and we can't.
Amen!
How the hell did it become necessary to jam the lines and demand EMPATHY ?
Well...the fox(es) have bn put in charge of all gen houses!!
Funny were we not we asking the same thing when the bill was voted in.  Or was that when you had to pass the bill to understand the bull.
Senator, may I suggest what worked under Clinton and Reagan.  Cross the party line, get involved in the actual writing of a bill that works.
If you cared about accountability you wouldn't have passed the ahca
If you like your doctor - keep your doctor.
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems We deserve an NHS, like the UK. #SinglePayerNow #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NHSforUSA
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand. I'm thankful that you are my senator.
Once again over dramatic. Might take you more seriously if you didn't react like this for all things Trump. You are the girl who cried wolf.
get all the Dem senators and hold press conferences in front of the WH
I lost my DR, Lost my Plan..Premiums went thru the roof as well as deductibles UNDER OBAMACARE..ANYTHING would be better..oh and FUCK YOU
I demand accountability. I demand to know how much ins companies bribed u to promise to pad their profits with taxpayer subsidies?
Get the pill ads off TV!
It's a "Wealth Care" Bill.  MASSIVE TAX CUTS for top 1-2%.  Everyone else?
.@SenateMajLdr & .@GOP proposed bill is #BCRAP!!

#Resist the #wealthcarebill
The time to raise voices was last November. The next occasion is Nov 2018. That is the only thing Republicans listen to now, or they cheat.
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @DeanHeller @robportman Tell them #FuckNo #AHCA #HellerVoteNo #CollinsVoteNo #MurkowskiVoteNo #PortmanVoteNo
jam the phone lines, how about u & the rest of r elected official's sit ur butts down in a room, hash it all out, don't emerge till you do!

Can you relax yourself and find common ground? Everyone else does, in their lives...why cant politicians?
Because voters on both sides haven't held them accountable yet.   Want to send a msg, vote the establishment out in primaries
Yes!
And you, Senator, grind all business to a halt.
I do. Every day.
Please give out phone number where and who to call with each tweet to let lawmakers know that it is NOT acceptable..
FLORIDA:
Call @marcorubio NOW.
Script from @make5calls.
@sarasotadems @MiamiDadeDems @ElectFYD @turnflblue @FlaDems @IndivisibleTeam
I DO demand accountability. I demand that you & other Dems account for why you're not changing ANYTHING despite huge losses at every level?
I demand you & other Dems account for why you refuse to stand for liberal values or an economic policy that benefits the working class!
As a Dem of over 25 years, I demand U & other Dems account for why U won't let the voters choose the party nominee, yet expect their vote!
After suffering catastrophic losses at a local, state and federal level, why won't you hold your own party accountable? Dbl standard much?
Kirsten Gillibrand - Raise your voice as loud as you did when you threw the F- Bombs!Don't go near the children when you throw the F- Bombs!
When's the march?
only if your centrist self runs for president
Obstruction is your answer for everything!
Hi, I see you've just arrived in the US after 8 years of GOP obstruction. Have a seat, we got some shit to discuss, junior.
:(
Get your marching shoes on & hit the streets. Be loud & visible as if your life depended on it - because it does.
Lot easier than getting a job and paying for your own healthcare. I don't know if i feel this way. I think the internet is getting to me..
Nope.. I busted my ass all my life and have good coverage now and will have it if this bill passes
As a Californian, how can I help? Please let me know. I want to do everything I can.
If you get that STD again you'll wish it had passed!
Translation: "I am intimidated by powerful women. Also I have absolutely nothing relevant or intelligent to say."
DRAG HIM.
(MY calls would be to you, @SenSchumer , and @louiseslaughter. I think you need the outbound lines!)
From this complete Pathetic buffoon
