Our willingness to accept those who are fleeing the most dangerous & violent places on earth is what the Statue of Liberty represents.
Taking in refugees helps make our country safer by showing the world that America cares for children & families facing strife & persecution.
Our diversity is what makes us strong. I'll continue to stand with immigrant & refugee families and I'll fight in the Senate to protect them
Thank you for taking a stand against his cabinet posts and for standing with the immigrants.
Proud to be a New Yorker. Thank you for voting against all of those dolts!
Thank you! How are you taking action? We need Democrats in Congress to be mobilized and working together.
if you have no sense of history or values. I will vote against you forever now on principal.
can you stare impeachment proceedings? He has to go.
they need him to commit a "High Crime or Misdemeanor". Unfortunately...
25th amendment.  Eventually if we're lucky.
very unlikely but you never know...
Why are Dem senators voting to approve any of Trump's appointees?
I thought before you were in touch, but I really don't think you are. The majority disagree with you
No more cabinet hearings until this ban is lifted
@mpgarza2012 Can Goldman Sachs and the other merchant banks help with your campaign?
thank you for standing up and giving us a voice #muslimban #dumpdevos
pls go to JFK & push CBP to release those detained! EDNY stay is basis for release!
Thank you for publicly opposing Trump's EO.    Now fight against in in the Senate!
Thank you Senator. What steps will you take to pressure President Trump to rescind this nationalistic Executive Order?
thank you for speaking out and your votes against appointees. We need more leadership like this. Your voters won't forget
we need more action from the democrats. We must oppose Trump at every turn. Please don't let us down. 
You must do more to stop this. Chair of Joint Chiefs & DNI not on NSC. White supremacist Bannon is. Extremely dangerous.
Here's an idea. Let's undo damage we wreaked. Create sanctuary cities in situ so people can stay home, stop arming rebels...o, wait a minute
Our foundation of genocide, forced marches and reservations? Sadly true, based on our bombing into oblivion the 7 PNAC countries...
PLEASE ACT. DO SOMETHING
Thanks for speaking out! Please keep acting out against this deplorable act. Americans and New Yorkers are better than this!
Yes
The immigration EO is a disgrace. Thank you for fighting it.
finally  waiting for our Senators to speak out and fight this dictator wanna be #45ish  NEVER WILL BE MY PRESIDENT
then don't be shy to call him accountable for going against our Constitution and protest hard and loud for his Nazi exec ords
That's it? That is the extent of the fight? Abstract criticism?
your #NY values are not necessarily our NY values. #MAGA
@panchovilla9999 take action now! Thanks for your "no" votes on cabinet picks.
At least you avoided the false narrative:. Violation of constitutional rights.  Those belong to Americans.
Yes!  This is not what New Yorkers and Americans stand for.  Fight the #muslimban
protect America first.
YES! I had the honor to meet you in 2014 and you struck me as passionate, intelligent and caring. Keep up the fight! RESIST.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING. RIGHT. NOW???
It flies in the face of HUMAN values! This monster needs to be STOPPED!
How can these despicable & unethical acts not be #unconstitutional?
thank you for your recent NO votes
tired of you liberals telling us what America stands for, are children will not become collateral damage
The foundation is rascim.The target were white men. The immigration policy were pertaining to white ppl.
I call for a ban and immediate deportation of radicalized republicans.
Did you tell Obama that when he did it?
You mean you NY Liberals. It's wonderful to us conservatives. <3 @realDonaldTrump
we fly this flag instead, a reminder that we are a nation of immigrants http://www.indivisbleflag.com  #IndivisibleFlag
Legal residents of the US are being denied re-entry based on their religion. This is unconstitutional. Please do something.
What can and will Congress do is the question, many of us have
@SenSchumer Do everything you can to fight this illegal Muslim and refugee ban that is Un-American and dangerous for all.
So what are we doing about it?  Let's go!  Lead us!
thank you for your courage in calling out the illegality of ban
I will keep repeating this endlessly: what are you going to do? All I ever hear is talk. Rage without action is useless.
@jmkarmstrong what is your plan?! We need to hear that Congress is doing something! #muslimban
Thank you once again for being a representative I can be proud of.
Senator,as an upstate NY citizen what can we do to stop this...how can we help...we cannot go further living like this?
yes
Thank you @SenGillibrand keep up the great work!!
I'm so embarrassed to be an American.Thank Trump for that. It's just what my immigrant father who fought in WWll for. Shame
one of the reasons I won't leave NY is our US reps with common sense.  He's not my president. #notmypresident #ImAlreadyHome
@Brainman365     Hey President Snow.......The French are calling. They want their statue back!
Te fight is now. What are you doing today to fight a madman and his fascist regime destroying our democracy?
on *illegal* immigration, but whatever suits your narrative
No it doesnt. The world is dangerous today and we need extreme vetting and a hold on immigration.Past is past
Thank you for statement @SenGillibrand , but what actions can we take now? @RepJerryNadler @ JFK. What can you do? What can I?
what can we do to stop these egregious acts? What are you doing to prevent them?
So how do we fix it? You as the government have the power, DO SOMETHING BEFORE HE GETS US INTO WAR!
pls help stand for REAL New York values. We are a city of immigrants and have been a beckon of US success in tandem #resist
Keep fighting. We can't stand for this! 
Thank you, I'm so proud of my New York senators. Counting on you to continue to fight for American values and justice.
illegal immigrants flys in the face of Americans and our immigration laws!
Thank you Mr Trump for protecting our borders from the influx of people illegally entering our country.....
He is doing this to attract more ISIS recruits that will attack the US. He can then protect us from this horrible enemy.
so proud of you.
so what can you do to stop it? Please do what ever you can!
You mean he's following the Law?
i dont believe we should shun all but we definitely need to be very careful and watch what us happening in other countries..
Ur disregard 4 ur Delphi constituents flies in the face of US values & foundation on which our nation was built. #NY values?
@NYpoet Do something abt it! We will not vote 4 Dems who comply w/this maniac. Primaries will happen.
@CleverGirl85 Blather.
it's not enough with words, your position affords you actions. Mount a demonstration, don't rely on your ...
constituents to do it for the Senate. #Resist
Thank you for standing up.  I appreciate it.
you don't speak for this NY citizen & my values.  We have a choice on who enters this country & wendont want unvented haters
thank you Kirsten!
. Thank you Senator ..
so glad I live in NY and have you as my senator!  Fight this insanity
you are the courageous resistance to this most un-American, anti-democratic administration. Thank you and keep it up.
wrong, unlike you, Obama and the Democrats/Liberal, he is just trying to keep America safe, are you nuts
keep voting against trump and his disastrous policies. THANKS!
and certainly unconstitutional
@flitedocnm And once we get big Donor $$$ and Corporatist Democrats OUT of our party, we can actually DO something about it!
@ms73 U are blessed and respected for ironically being the best Congressperson with balls! At least your voters got it right.
@azalben so you're totally cool with people coming into the country illegally?
what will Americans do when we need to flee Putin's/trump's America? Will we be banned in other countries?
Thank you for your service to our country!
@RiskyLiberal thank you for your strength, we can only hope your peers are paying attention
We need to gain control of the influx of ppl for ours & their security & safety before anything else. Disagree?
Thank you @SenGillibrand for standing up 4 women + refugees, & representing what New Yorkers truly believe in. So proud 2 call u my senator.
you are my hero
really?
you are Hilary Clinton's personal Butt-Kisser I will never vote for you again!
thank you
Please please please - go after him with a vengeance . He is destroying our country.
@DrRimmer yes, so let's break away
How will you fight this? Will you stand up with fellow democrats to denounce this? Saying it on twitter is not enough.
your stance of inviting people into this country that hate us flies in the face of our American values.  #governmentprotects
Drumpf Is NowBringing Back Horror Of Turning Away Refugees So They Can Be Murdered BACK. THIS IS NOT MY AMERICA. IS IT YOURS?
Our Immigration Policy Changed When We Turned A Ship Load Of Jewish People Away & These Ppl Were Later Murdered In Camps.
Keep fighting!
Let's get to work!
New York values are in the toilet due to our New York politicians.
I'm proud to call you my senator. Keep fighting for us and our values; we can't let fear and hatred win.
- Our nation was "built" on illegal immigration? It's scary how you Marxists twist & lie about history.
NY lives in a dreamland supported by gouging the savings of it's inhabitants through unjust taxes.
you know what you're saying isn't true try to speak the truth once in a while he only wants to eliminate people with records
then take refugees into your home. Many families need a place to stay. Of course no background check will be done. Willing?
only senator showing some courage.
@JerryHarden3: TYVM for voting against trump incompetent cabinet nominees.
thank you for your actions #resist #dontstop
You and your ilk liked EO's for the last eight years
I've lived in NY all my life, and securing our borders & keeping Americans safe IS most definitely "NEW YORK VALUES!"
I agree!!!
@PresidentGillibrand2020 #Dartmouthwomen
A Nation of Immigrants Founded by immigrants...but TRUMP WAS HATCHED..II CAN SEE Y HE CANT EQUATE
@janieqjones thx
@ChiaraSoprano1 then go to Ellis Island and take a refresher course
trump has NO values,  no morals, no ethics!
@AmyClements8 Thank you for your votes upholding our Democracy! #confirmstionhearings
thank you for standing up for your country!
@Honey17011 thanking God for you senator
@HilaryGardner thanks for representing us, Senator!!
#NY values and #NYC values are not the same.
@mikefarb1 and you and other senators sit back and let it happen
@ladiesgun Kirsten thanks for your opposition to Trump nominees. You should consider running for president in 2020.
#resist NO Compliance with trump administration
UGGGHHH!!! You New Yorkers make me wanna vomit.
@mikefarb1
Keep fighting the good fight.  Lots of people are noticing your courage
the ONLY Dem Senator worth every vote cast for her. IMO as of now.
We love Senator Gillibrand and hope she decides to run for president!
re: Trump's cabinet appointments.  Please make each of them state that they would remove Trump if he shows signs of dementia.
Thank you for speaking out and fighting for values which make America great:
#Diversity is what makes America...America.
according to text of EO pence and trump would not be able to enter the US. They both violate provisions in the first section
Trump stands for everything this country fought against and nothing we've fought for!
Ypu and your effing, VALUES!
Your nation was built on genocide. We have a right to limit immigration based on security concerns. Fool me once...
#Gillibrand2020 no one else compares. I will support and work for you
Proud of your stance against.  Need more from other Dems. Tell us how to help more.
In 1935, the Supreme Court overturned five of President Franklin Roosevelt's executive orders (6199, 6204, 6256, 6284, 6855).
thank you madame senator. The fabric of our culture is being wrongly attacked. Paranoid fears are dangerous to many people.
Russia/ trump collusion... don't be distracted
We are a campaign that wants Senator Gillibrand to run in 2020!
You and @TulsiGabbard are tops on my list for Ultra Cool
The Executive Orders can be overturned by the Court and by Congress if patently against American policy or illegal.
as a proud New Yorker, I wholeheartedly support this. Please continue to #RESIST that tyrant.
.@SenGillibrand @betsy_hiel 'Values'
I'm voting for President Gillibrand in 2020 whether you run or not.
illegal aliens are viewed as future Democrats by the politicians
you're not too bright, are you....
Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breath free.  Many would not be here if there were bans.
Keep fighting him! Proud of you.
We are still nation of immigration, just doing this on the base of  more common sense.
and when do we do something ??
I recently watched again,  Pink Floyds  "The Wall" ---some scenes were eerily reminiscent of Trumps antics.
@anylaurie16 Gillibrand-Newsom 2020. Should I print up some bumper stickers?
Keep fighting this nonsense, Senator. Please.
"Nonsense" is too polite a word, but you know what I mean. Thank you.
usa values.
suck it up buttercup

Agreed, Senator. Continue to fight this administration's bigoted policies.
History will judge this to be one of our nation's most shameful periods. 
@SenGillibrand
I'm so proud you're my senator.
well the #USA is now a Russian Territory.

As long as it benefits the Trump Family. too bad for #NY.
I don't know how you keep up with the madness & madman, but keep doing it!   Proud to have you & @SenSchumer as my senators.
I'm seriously asking what's to keep the people tasked with carrying out this order from refusing to do so?
Because everybody lives in NY......the most taxed, oppressed and expensive city to live in on the East coast.
