Diversity makes America great again. Not the wall
The wall protects America.  It's harder to become a Mexican citizen than it is a us citizen
Protect America from what? Mexicans are not security threat but a biggest economic asset for America, only if you understand.
Wrong again most drugs come through Mexico
All immigrants are not drug criminals. You cannot generalize all. You need to specifically catch criminals.
Amazing that you care more about people that r here illegally than you do about Americans. I don't think that was the reason we sent u 2 DC
We are a nation of immigrants legal ones you break the law to come in here then you're a criminal
And that strength of diversity will out endure the scourge of racism, bigotry, and hate in our country. #UnitedWeStand #Resist 
Get a life you are so off base,
All 4 of my grandparents immigrated here from Ireland
are you kidding me is that why if i at 62 don't speak Spanish i cannot find a job in my own country and state. its a fact here
You might try learning English, Debra.  If your written skills are any indication, you aren't capable enough to compete with others.
Ladies and gentlemen,  I rest my case.
WHAT CASE how about praying

Why is there no "Diversity" in the Middle East, Africa, or Asia?
Its ridiculous that a US Senator doesnt know the difference between legal and illegal.
Is Senator Gillibrand Anti-Semitic?
Yes, so what's your point? Stop whining, do something-not resist, not blame-work with counterparts on a REAL solution. If incapable, retire.

You are correct but why do I and everyone else have to pay for them? Become citizens and pay for yourself!
Ones that came here legally.
nope.. if you look at history diversity gives countries conflict and death
https://twitter.com/trumpsblonde/status/907707736036659202 …
Uh, NO, this country thrives due to our freedom; you are slowly stripping our freedom away from us.
Yes. Legal ones.
KIRSTEN  DE VOS  SHE IS  FIGURE HEAD   SHE DO NOT KNOW  WHAT Y TALKING ABOUT  Y ARE THE BEST SENATORS  WITH MANERS
Except the Jews, right Senator?  Thanks for backing out of the antiBDS bill.
That is soooooo true!
Your country can't thrive without the illegal ones ?
Not illegal ones!
Yes but they have to be legal.
This country thrives because of veterans, law enforcement, teachers, clergy and hard working tax paying law abiding citizens
Yes. LEGAL, hard-working immigrants. Not illegal immigrants who jump the line. Why are you conflating the two?
#strongertogether 
#CriminalTrespassIsIllegal 
#IfYouDontKnowTheDifferenceBetween
#LegalAndIllegalImmigration
#YouDontBelongInCongress
You would be incorrect. In case you missed..Houston suffered natural disaster. See what Texans are doing, that's what makes country great.
Legal legal legal,  say it with me legal,  l.e.g.a.l
They aren't Immigrants, the Govt defines them as Illegal Aliens until they go through immigration process. A Senator should know this.
DACA recipients went through an application and vetting process. Senators know this. Perhaps you should.
Political opportunist
Hahahahahaha
If you break the law there must be consequences. What message are you sending?
That's right our jails are full of them. It's job security for the jailers.
LEGAL immigrants
this country thrives for many reasons.  Most importantly because of our brave heroes, giving spirit and love of one another
Yes. Legal immigrants
You don't understand. Illegals are breaking the bank.we can only support so much, and then the country will collapse.
Wrong, Wrong and Wrong again.  Diversity waters things down. This country thrived on selected immigrants, not 3rd world misfits.
Waters what down?
True...but not when they are illegal
fight with NY!!!!!
Anybody who voted for this woman needs to understand, she'll run you over twice to give your dream to undeserving illegals. Let that sink in
how about helping Americans instead of the so called dreamers. We have vets living on the streets. and I don't here no one talking about it.
That is so true Sen Gillibrand because before this land was called America we was the most diverse continent on the planet
#1500TribesStrong
Will u consider running for President?   Maybe make a few exploratory trips to Iowa, New Hampshire?
Of course!!! We need LEGAL immigrants!  Just stop with your pandering for votes!! Just STOP illegal immigration!!!
You are like listening to Charlie browns Teacher..
Legal immigrant!!!
This country was built by immigrants
Yes legal immigrants
Our nation thrives when legal immigrants assimilate into our culture.
thank you for your leadership
What leader ship what has she done as senator
Brilliant!
Definition of Dreamer
one who lives in a world of fancy and imagination
one who has ideas or conceives projects regarded as impractical
Cough cough ... "LEGAL" immigrants
They just dont get it.
Yes, it does.
I'm from a family of "Legal" immigrants and am appalled at those who can't uphold the law.
We have allowed fear and misunderstanding too much leeway in our country.We are better united for divided we will fall!
Agreed! Put forward legislation to make DACA law!
Legal immigrants not illegals.
that is true! it's the illegal immigrants that are in question, do we uphold our laws or do we pick and choose which ones we want to uphold
Hollow rhetoric, appeal to emotion. No substance to this. Cheap labor good for corp donors, bad for American wages, burden on system.
Legal ones, yes. Improve the process. You have that power and more importantly that responsibility.
Actually E Pluribus Unum is our strength dear. How you failed to comprehend that at your advanced age is a blight on our education system.
Senator you omitted one word to your statement and that word is "legal" added to immigrant. Why?
Immigrants are the only thing holding this mess together. They are the most important part of our nation. They need our help not our racism.
Racism? Do you think all illegals are the same race?
Democrats generalize and ignore reality. Legal immigrants is Americas strength. All you do is support foreigners over your own citizens.
Nobody is against immigration. Just ILLEGAL immigration
Yes   A million times..
Everyone agrees with that both democrats and republicans. We just need control over our borders and to stop ILLEGAL immigration
Legal immigrants, yes. It is burdened by illegal immigrants.
When I first read your tweet, I thought it said "thieves" instead of "thrives" so now I don't want to  it. "Thieves" is the better word.

America is now whites only.
Please impeach the Tangerine Tyrant
We are ALL descendants of immigrants (unless you're Native American, or immigrants ourselves. Think on that!
legal
Agree but, they don't have to illegal! Plenty of people WANT to come here LEGALLY! We should NOT reward those families who don't! #EndDACA
Yes, this is why the United States continues to accept approx. 1 million legal immigrants per year.
If not for Immigrants - NONE OF US WOULD BE HERE!  (unless U R Native American) Why is this so hard to understand?!
Yaaaassss!!! #This #WednesdayWisdom #DACA #aabba
Right?!  Why is this so hard for SO MANY to get?  Would LOVE to see some of these folks do a 23&Me DNA test.... #thislandwasmade4UandME
Yes, immigrants, NOT ILLEGAL ALIENS! Libs ALWAYS conflate the two.
Traitor. Self hating American.
Now if only immigrants could thrive because of our country.
If only they could follow our laws. It would be great. No more. Free stuff get a job and pay taxes like everyone else.
As an immigrant, and a proud American, I agree.
