Senator, respectfully, you and your Democratic Colleagues need to HALT normal business on the Senate floor until the bill is released!
Have you called Heller and Cortez Masto about it?
Called, e-mailed, faxed. I've done it all and continuing to do it!

#MedicareForAll practice it in a mirror #MedicareForAll
The public must become more aware and ready not to follow the  distraction but concentrate on the doings of Congress.
This is the entire reason they are allowing Trump to do what he wants. It distracts from their shenanigans. Disgusting!
That's how the republicans work behind closed doors and late at night. Just like crooks , I'm surprised they aren't all dressed in black
Wait!  Did not the Democrats say " do not read Obama care, just pass it and we will figure it out later"
Thank you. I called my senators and congressmen, one of whom was busy getting shot at today. Every day brings new terrors.
What can we do you stop it?
Shut up or get in there and provide help to fix a failing system, we tried the Obamacare disaster we have lived it!!
Stop watching them and get to work with the republicans. I don't think any republican said they wouldn't take your help on this problem.
We need you @SenateDems to obstruct as wildly as possible. We can't afford to lose the ACA.
Everything about the modern Republican party is summed up in one word: Sneaky.
I'd add a few more words.
That's the scariest thing - they don't care abt Russian subversive behavior in the Oval Office, but they gladly take away healthcare.
Keep up the fight.  You are a great representative of NewYork

Pigs!
Oh we did not sit on our hands we voted in a man we hope will save all of us from ruin even you, give him a chance just like we did Obama
The Dem plan is backfiring w/Russian Collusion. Wasting our $$$. Do ur job & neg. to make our lives better. Shameful NY Sen. obstructionists
Play hardball for healthcare. Vote-a-rama. Introduce thousands of amendments. @SenateDems read @ezralevin
Comey ,McCabe, rosenstein ,Coates, Rodgers all testified no obstruction
Disastrous goes in front of Kirsten Gillibrand.
Close down the Senate so NOTHING can pass. Play dirty, do what u MUST do 2 stop the murder of 10s of millions. Ur the strong 1. LEAD. Plz!!!
I'm bored, thought I would visit a crazy liberal. Well, that was fun. #nomoredems
Just faxed this to 12/13 senators hiding work on bill! Only 1 line was busy (Cruz)! Come on, Americans!
"Pass it to know what's in it?" Courtesy of Pelosi.
They are not going to vote on it until recess. They will sneak back to Washington. They will tweet to the Democrats @12am vote at 8am. Sorry
As a New York State resident I ask you to fight against this secret proceeding and the bill produced.
If trump wants it, it must be a failure
I am in NY so don't know what to do
I know my Senators have my back
We need to call,  anyway. They need to be able to report high caler volume. I am also in NY.
So you're saying to call our senators even if we know they'll vote how we want them to?
Yes. Call, tell them your position, and thank them for their support of it. They keep a running count.
I will. Thanks!
You mean more or less disastrous than your bullshit Obamacare?
Magicians call this 'misdirection.'
Have you and your party offered up anymore great hc plans? FUCK NO!!!!
Who cares anymore about anything you have to say Senator "Potty Mouth".
They say this is not personal but it certainly feels like that to most of us. Violence is NEVER the answer but the games @GOP need to stop.
Has the bill been passed yet? May be deliberated upon?
If it's secret howz it disastrous ? No one has seen it
WHAT?
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @SenJohnMcCain @maddow This is why there's so much hatred.  Work together on the bill and be transparent.
Great, obstructionist Dems can be occupied with #TrumpRussia hoax, and gop can work. As a toddler my mom would send me out of the kitchen...
They are hypocrites who are only interested in giving the the insurance companies a cut.
Then stop it!
Thank you @SenGillibrand for being vigilant. Most people are consumed with the reality show that is @realDonaldTrump
Trump is like a Simpson's Show in real life
But they don't want it for themselves!  Keep #ACA too many lives will be lost without #Healthcare. The needs of the patient first #RochMN
dirty rotten republicans inspiring hate all over America.
Please keep bringing this to the public attention everyday in every way possible.
This false Rhetoric right here is what led to the shooting. Be proud of urself
And Dodd Frank destroyed!! Bait and switch. Can anyone share how financial industry is so much more trustworthy than they were 10 years ago
Setting a really dangerous legislative precendent. Speed and secrecy rather than transparency and debate. Lobbyists know more than senators.
Democrats should be slowing down everything in the Senate - to force confrontation with constituents during the July 4th recess.
And 5 dem Senators voted with reps to sell arms to Saudi Arabia. 
Warner. McCaskill. Nelson. Manchin. Donnelly. Please explain yourselves.
Should be out in open!
Wait, is that a baby crying? It sure sounds like it!
People are getting fed up with the GOP SECRETIVE WAYS doing their best 2 screw the avg American behind closed doors?YET/NOT THE WAY 2 CHANGE
@SenFlakeStaff Please close shop, go home. Sen.Flake in interview w/Andrea Mitchell - He needs to go home. It's too much. Take time.
Yes, r healthcare is hidden behind McConnells chins. Should it ever come out, likely deathcare,or else why hide so deep. Repubs have no soul
What have U done to reach across the aisle to help on HC or r u just complaining & using profanity?  FIND COMMON GROUND!
Wasn't so secret, its just @TheDemocrats would rather intentionally mislead & wage a Psyops war against the people than legislate & govern.
BUT GOP Parasites in Congress will NOT lose THEIR GOOD WAGES & BENEFITS that WE PAY FOR!! GOP = Hypocrites of the highest order. Bastards!
and why didn't the media make much of this?
"We have to pass the bill to know what is in it". Your parties words.  Don't care for them now?
No Women!  No transparency!
Hey! ACA got passed in the middle of the night. Ppl in glass houses-u know ... And just remember-There doesn't HAVE to be a HCA of ANY kind!
STOP THEM BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY - PLEASE! We can call and march and whatever, but only the senators in the room can stop them.
I fell asleep!
Dems too busy chasing ghosts,  while the people get screwed every day! I guess that's Russia's fault too. Bernie would have won.
If the dems didn't steal the primaries we would have single payer system! But noooo, she had to CHEAT! Hey, let's elevate Trump!
I can't stand negativity or stupidity!!! Never give up folks! Don't let opinions of sheep encourage you to stop fighting!
well if the democrats would stop wasting time and money on bs investigations maybe then issues like this could be worked on
Thank you for being one of the few to at least speak out on what the Senate Republicans are trying to pull. There must be a way to stop it.
And you know nothing about it
@Lisamuse Just goes to show the level of contempt in which the GOP holds the people of this country.  #resist
agreed!
How is this possible in the United States of America? This should never happen.
Nice Virtue signalling and getting a racist shot in.
And you are?
Maybe you would try and work with them stupid
Please don't say "pass" when you mean "write". You and @JasonKander have given me heart attacks which will not be covered!
Like Democrats could read it  Gillbrand proud of FAILED CORRUPT Obamacare~ Another ALLLeftHead,Job,Brain SOROS Paid empty Atheist
Which is why the GOP congress will NOT try to stop DT.  He is the perfect cover for them to push thru thr horrid domestic agenda unnoticed.
Well didnt you do the same thing a few years ago?  Pot calling the kettle black.  Why not step across the divide and help out!!!!
US health care is the continuation of politics by other means. As the strategist mighta said.

Do you remember this quote " pass it and you can see what's in it"
@uscongress #buildingtheirhouseonahillofsand.
#moredamageiscausedbyfoolsthanbymalice.
#Historyiswatching
Yes and I hear it's really MEAN! This is not how government should work!
That is the Putin way & tRUMP has always done things this way look listen to this while i do harm to so many.He is mentally ill period.SAD
People everywhere are feeling the stress of lawmakers betraying their human rights VA shooter may be tip of ice burg ~ may be not
A bill that effects 1/6 of our economy and people's health can't be done in secret. If you are proud of your work show it!
Sad.
@GovHowardDean blah blah blah just like Obamacare
That's probably why these guys are all coming out of the woodwork to keep us glued to their non-testimony so we don't see what's going on.
We have a right to sue, if the bill doesn't cover everyone FAIRLY! If care is lost, they'll pay dearly! Financial loss beyod compare!
You mean like saying, "Pass it, then you can read it."? That kind of secret? How soon they forget. #doublestandard
While AG Sessions schooled those on a witch hunt Senate Republicans worked diligently on plan to replace the failing Obamacare.
didnt obama do the same? Don't remember your disapproval then.
the distraction of these hearings/Russian investigations were caused by you and your fellow democrats, don't blame republicans for doing job
Other than calling our senators every morning, is there anything we can do?
Fake news
How are you and Dems fighting it?
Repeal is easy. Replacing it with cost effective system is the challenge.
No politician, right, left or media talks about cutting COST. Why?
Do something about it!!
They are a disgrace
Are you really complaining about making a healthcare bill behind closed doors? Pot meet kettle.
@GovHowardDean seriously that was already done by the democrats is it worse than my $2200 mo payments and $15,000 deductible?
Nope, the Democrats and Rinos destroyed the healthcare system with regulations for decades driving up costs, then stole it with Obamacare.
#VoteGOPOut #DemsGetStrong #GOPIsCruel #TrumpcareKills
We cannot accept this. I called for mass demonstration and protests and we are trying to organize everywhere. Please stand up for us
both are alarming
We know. We made phone calls.
Then why aren't you pushing to halt all normal senate business until these meetings are made public?!?
You are another lying obstructionist criminal traitorous ANTI-American democRAT. SHAME on YOU.
No surprise. Sessions lying while senate screws citizens
If it's a secret, how did you know??
So get tough, gum up the works, that's what the GOP understands. We need you to defend us!! #sneakyGOP
Sound familiar, the shenanigans Dems pulled passing ObamaCare was twice as bad. Pelosi - You have to pass it to find out what's in it.
"You'll know what's in the bill when it's passed "...lmao...does anyone recall Mrs P's statement a while back? But now there is outrage!
VOTE BLUE NEXT ELECTIONS!
Americans deserve to know what’s in the GOP health plan. @SenateDems No business as usual until hearings are held
@GOP shame on you.
What are the details!?
Disastrous only for the Democrats failed Obamacare
Kirsten can learn what's in the bill after it's passed.
Let's get that on to front page news!! Fight fight fight them!
Hold their feet to the fire, and F THEM if they're not working for us.
If it's secret how do you know it's disastrous? Even if they introduced a bill that fixed ACA you Dems would revolt. You and Cory 
Democrats need to FIGHT the healthcare bill rather than worrying about Russia. HEALTHCARE IS MORE IMPORTANT.

Did they pass it?
IT WILL NEVER PASS NOW, BECAUSE TRUMP SAYS IT IS MEAN!!! NOTMYPRESIDENT!!!
If it's a secret how do you know it's disastrous?
Perhaps this was masterful play by administration?
Providing a distraction?
Sessions is the one requested a public hearing; &didn't say much
Dems self-destructive agenda
Do you notice how everything in this thread was said about Obamacare as it was shoved down our throats by Dems.
"But we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it, away from the fog of the controversy." @NancyPelosi #DemocratClowns
GOP's idea of legislating in a democracy?  You bet!!
How do we get this bill out in the open??
Suspend unanimous consent. It will stop the bill dead in it's tracks.
That is called : Democracy at work
Call 202 224-3121 & follow instructions. Switchboard is open 24/7. Call TONIGHT - every commercial break-load the answering machines 
Well perhaps you shouldn't have held Session hearing? Another example of the ridiculous political theater w this Russian collusion nonsense
Right and senate dems decided to choose sanctions over citizens. I'd bet the first to call them out on it will win in 2020.
Dodd-Frank repeal
Health care is bipartisan. Let's stand together to stop the senate from passing a secret bill.  
Pre-existing cond. affect R's & D's! Call!!
23M to lose healthcare. There will be consequences folks. Take that to the bank & polls!
@tedcruz is busy making deals behind closed doors, after he promised his constituents this:

#MAGA #2A #Texas #pjnet #tcot
@TuesdaysToomey. Staff in @SenToomey Philly and DC offices were cranky today when one could get through to actual people.  Shame shame
Have you looked at what's happening across the country with the "disastrous" ACA?

KIRSTEN, IF IT WAS SO SECRET, HOW DO YOU REALLY KNOW ???
Are we going to allow the cancerous trump to get away with this!
Damn shame
Sounds like the Democrats!!!
Sounds just like something they'd do.
And while we watched Comey they undid Dodd-Frank. I'm sure it's just a coincidence.
That is really disgusting     What happened to the most transparent administration ever?
Let them do what they want! The people who are hurt first are old, old people vote republican...... seems like nature will take it course
Why? Do they eat organic food and run 6-minute miles? Maybe we should focus on prevention.
@dianberly712 How can they pass it w/o your votes?Why are the demos just talking instead of actively doing something?
When will Senate democrats outline their plan to kill this bill in the Senae?
We are going to ask the ACLU TO SUE THE CRAP out of GOP if it passes & it's not up to standards! Our families will too, for costs!
Please, put a great big neon spotlight on the Republican revised healthcare bill so Democrats can take back Congress.
You are a vile and grotesque radical marxist. Using profanity in front in students! You are a sick individual! Shame
WEll, shouldn't you all speak up and block it, use whatever means to do it!
How could it be anymore disastrous then your Obama care!?
@GOP you want to stick it to liberals, to erase @BarackObama from history, do something he couldn't accomplish, give us universal healthcare
