If they were actually doing good work to help people, it wouldn’t need to be hidden from public view. Speak out, demand transparency.
Please fight tooth & nail to block this people-killing AHCA. No hearings, no vote. Restore democracy to the Senate. It's all on you Kirsten.
Why don't you go away ???  Emma Willard is not proud of you!!
Lol, the Emma community is intensely proud of her.
Why ?
What about those of us who now have no health insurance BECAUSE of the ACA! I guess we do not count as long as we pay for others to have it?
No F bombs? You are no role model for young women - embarassment
Fake News? This is not a partisan issue. The New York Times, The Post, LA Times, the mainstream news is not Fake. Its democracy in action


You have to pass it so you can see what's in it. 
That's not how a democracy is supposed to function. The senate is shutting down. That Is an oligarchy that you are describing.
Wonder who they learned that from?  You need to pass the bill if you want to see it.  Sound familiar?
HOSTILE TAKEOVER ALERT!
I am an American with a Disability and I know that a lot of people were hurt by #Obamacare and I'm for #ObamacareRepeal
Bullshit. You can always tell a lying GOP nut job by all the "artwork" in their tweets and profiles.
Like democrats who made middle Americans to pay 10x co pay & have no doctors
Hypocrite @SenGillibrand , sorta like you democrat hacks did to impose obama care on us? Your team set the precedent, no room to complain.
They  r doing this because u Dems made such mess of healthcare last time around. Not good 4 working people.All u can do is drop f bombs

Isn't that what the ACA already is doing?
Maybe one of your many unbalanced followers will read your hyper partisan tweet & and decide to shoot Republicans.... oh wait..
They are also gutting Dodd Frank
Just full of great ideas. No vision, just destruction & chaos.
Obama wrote one that could not be paid for! Trying to ruin our economy and healthcare! Trump has a big job to fix it.
Obviously not following any news except infowars.

Republicans destroyed the exchanges so that they could use it as an excuse to end ACA.
Democrats need to stand FOR something in add.. to fighting Trump. It's like saying you're not a Ford but a Chevy. Both suck & r a hard cell
What's are the Dems doing to help open the door?

I think they USE Christianity for political gain or so they can sleep at night. They're not Christian in the true sense. Money is their God!

Like the Dem passed Obamacare? "You need to pass to find out what's in it". You and your party have failed us the past 8 yrs. Now shut up!
What does it matter when the DEMS in Congress have said they'll have no part in it? If all they're going to do is obstruct who cares?!?!
they aren't "kicking" anyone off..  it's called CHOICE..  as #Obamacare swirls around the bowl, what do you propose to do?
No one ever responds when I ask... what do you mean by choice in a medical situation?
Don't let them do this! No senate business until there are hearings in healthcare!
Pay attention to this. GOP is being quiet so they can sneak Trumpcare through. Millions will lose ins. Call your Senator every day.
It has to hit the president desk, it will go no where! At this point there's not much left to obamacare to be kicked off of!
You have Federal insurance. If not on Medicare or Medicaid the rest of us are screwed with the ACA
So slow Senate business to a crawl until they hold a public hearing. And get them to release the text of the bill!
The GOP is killing sick people Putin is spying, POTUS is obstructing justice and nobody is doing a damn thing!
FAKE NEWS!!
When people say this it's sounds as unintelligent as it is. Almost "I'm rubber your glue"... and the only fake in the WH is trumps hair.

This is my daughter she has Crohn's Disease. Last week she was in the hospital with a bowel obstruction. Healthcare is life or death for her
Oh Gawd. I'm so sorry. Uggh. The GOP is evil. Hugs.
Thank you!  God bless you!
Don't worry. If u like your Doc you can keep your Doc...
Unless repubs throttle your docs throats by threatening to pull the plug on the market. They don't want you to know their responsible
As someone w/a severe #ChronicIllness who went many yrs in private sector uninsurable, I can attest to the fact that this *will* cost lives!
Me too.
Yes: CONGRESS did.
This time, NOBODY knows.
The #hypocrisy is pretending #ACA had no input from #GOP.
#hoax, #fakenews #alternativefacts
This is just as treasonous as colluding with a foreign nation. This is not the way our country is supposed to be governed.
How do you know this? Where did you get this information from? Are your sources credible? This totally sounds like a tinfoil hat comment.
How r they getting away with this
Senator, we need to shut down the senate to block Trumpcare. 10034 cc @SenKamalaHarris @SenWarren #thesefuckingguys
Sounds like PPACA part 2. Isn't that what happen with the Obamacare plan.
Thank you for all you do!
They are POS
Sen Gillabrand, do you have the guts to inform your minions that if they are 27/single $15/hr or more they  $360/month?  No longer free?
Turn around fair play!  Gotta pass it to find out what's in it! #obamacare #repeal
What about prior to obamacare the 30 mil who  happily had HC and u took it away?  Now we have  15k annual premiums 10k deductible? WTF Sen?
Scares the heck out of me.  I'm a 61 YO self-employed cancer survivor.  PLS don't take my health care away.
Democrats wrote a bill where millions of Americans lost their healthcare. Your a hypocrite, & a foul mouthed woman who cares for herself.
What the hell did you democrats do when you passed this garbage Obamacare??? Lying is in democrats DNA and they live in a different universe
You preach vicious untruths. The ends does justify your means - whatever it takes to spark descent. Even foul language.
Hey Kirsten been donating $$ to YOU! What are you doing about it! This is BULL and you know it. Especially if you get special exemption
False. They are not trying to kick anybody off - they're trying to clean up the crap known as obamacare
No - that is what BHO did. Millions of hard working people lost their insurance and forced to buy worse insurance. Trump will fix it.
Just like when the Democrats rammed it through the first time?!

Lie of the century: Like your doctor, keep your doctor. "

#noplatform
kind of like democrats did wuth Obamacare, no?!  You are a joke
So you do know what is going on? Now go ahead & pass on more of the lefty lies & propaganda. Sad
ONLY Because It Helps People, Not that you are really concerned.
IF you were @SenGillibrand We would see you screaming #SinglePayer
Millions of Americans are  losing their health insurance due to the democrats plan to get too single payer. You are a lying fraud.
Senator, Democrats need to show a bill that improves the ACA and not just say the Republican bill is terrible.   Put a plan we can rally
Republicans are writing Obamacare?
U r wrong again they want to get rid of the MANDATES so many won't buy health insurance because they don't want it u fool
Democrats signed ACA without reading it. Stop the hypocrisy!
If you're so upset about it, you and your fellow Senators and Congressmen should not be EXEMPTED from the plan. #hypocrisy
Oh, just like you all did to kick millions off of the insurance they liked and the Drs. they liked a few years back? #hypocrite
Don't have to, Obamacare is doing it already!
Muwahahaha they work for insurance. If they use that insurance and need time off we fire them. Now we can just skip that whole process!
good
Where were you when it was "we have to pass it before we will tell you what's in it" you hypocrite?
Wow... reminds me of when @TheDemocrats rammed through #ObamaCare with no public hearings.
@JoysRainBow1 The Dems have to be more vocal about this. Raise hell on the talk shows, newspapers, town halls, etc.
Liar, Liar!  You Dems are ALL Liars! Instead of spreading untruths - how about getting to work to pass a bill on health care! Shame on you!
So busy pointing out what republicans  aren't   doing .Democrats cant  come up with a platform other than lying and obstructing
Senator so glad to hear that ur talking and using plain language when frustrated. I don't always agree with u but I do feel ur honest
It was COMPLETELY 100% GUARANTEED contrived. And you take that for "Honest" ? This is why 2020 will gain repubs even MORE seats nation wide
A healthcare bill has to have all views and I can't understand why politicians don't see that. Healthcare is for all not just their base
So go a cuss about it. Your an embarrassment
Gillibran/Harris 2020
Thank you! As a constituent I appreciate you standing up for us!
It's those same millions of young people who have been FORCED to buy insurance when they don't want it. Quit trying to scare people. Typical
Like your fellow Dem cohorts did quietly and with NO PUBLIC HEARINGS
Democrats did the same
Why not be part of the solution instead of whining and spreading misinformation?
Repubs, the party of me, not we.
LASTIMÁVEL!
Nancy Pelosi on the ACA "We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what's in it."  Democrats' idea of transparency in legislation.
Obama did it and the democrats let him. Reap what you sow.
I am so afraid - literally I fear for my future as 54 year old w a chronic, debilitating disease with no cure (just symptoms management).
Cowards!
I guess you forgot about the midnight vote on Christmas eve shoving cluster f*&k law Obamacare down our throats
What happened to keep your dr keep your plan, all of congress is a bunch of liars. Barry the #ciapuppet really did a job #saulalinsky chump
Not much for the tax service imposed Obama Care! You are full of BS!
No one should get insurance from the freaking govt! Stop spending my money!!!
Please run for President in 2020!
she said no, but VP? With this candidate?
Sen. Harris was Prosecutor, District Attorney, Attorney General, and U.S. Senator. 

She launched her damn self.

…
She's my new Senator 
aren't you blessed!? Congrats on your voters!
Incorrect. Current participants won't be dropped. The US gov should not be providing health care. That's Socialism and creates massive debt.
Shameful...
More fake news.  The mandate goes  away and millions of Americans may choose not to have health care.  No one gets kicked off.
Scare tactics w/no proof? & y don't you talk to Pelowsy abt "behind closed doors" w/Obamacare. #Hypocrite
Kind of like how Obamacare was passed. #democratsarehypocrits
that is a lie and you know it.30 million paid the premiums on there taxes.Only low income did good.Not one person will be kicked off
guess you weren't there to pass the terrible obama care
@SenGillibrand do you ever tweet anything positive that your doing to help this country or do you just complain about others work?
We need Dems and any Repubs with a shred of decency and self respect to stand tall in leadership against this treachery!
I signed the petition to #ShowUsTheBill Show but can we contact them directly. I'm in NYS
How exactly? be specific. You mean like the millions kicked out of their plan under Obamacare ? (which collapsed by the way)
One more thing if we cut taxs and I have more $ in my pocket, I'd give to charities to help the unfortunate..but I'm an idiot conservative
I also want her and her colleagues have to be on Obama Care.  That's if it's such a good product, should you lead by example.  I always did.
Newsflash, health care is not a right....I want The Honorable Sen. Gillibrand to represent me for free.....isn't that what your asking
Nice mouth family must be so proud. You never lied or broke a promise? You self righteous hypocrite. Go to the back of the room & sit down.
When it comes to money the only God GOP has we are gone. They don't see the sick or pain from ivory  towers.
You are such a vulgar woman! How can you throw such words in public. How can you represent this great country. I hope they throw you out!
Sounds like a bunch of fascists wanting to cull the herd.
The GOP are nothing if not underhanded and self-serving. Corruption abounds in the White House.

Why is it allowed to pass a law like this with no hearings? You want to rename a road, fine. But a law affecting a sixth of our economy? No.
Obamacare had around 100 hearings and nobody was denied coverage while GOP gets ready to screw over millions of Americans with not one.
Another lie from a liar.
That really makes me feel like they care about the people they serve! NOT!
Yay finally criminals in prison wont have free insurance paid for by we the people, what exactly is your problem with this?
Public health care can't be decided behind closed doors just to make a statement for trumps obscene desires!
Kind of like the Obama deal
"Go The Fuck Home"!
That was already written -- it was called ObamaCare. "You can keep your doctor."
We're planning the GOP's future the same way.
Sounds almost exactly like what the Democrats and Obama did to us in 2008. At least republicans are giving me cheaper options!!!!
No surprise. When you do things that no one supports, you must do it backhanded!
@MiamiHerald GOP kicking millions of people off health insurance behind closed doors, with no public hearings. @RepCurbelo supports them.
Let's just pass this bill then we will see what's in it. How many public forums on#Obamacare
No, not true. Unlike BHO and the Dems writing a law that kicked millions of hard working and paying people off their health plans.
Join the negotiations and make a difference then. Clean up your potty mouth first though.
I don't recall a great deal of transparency when Senate Democrats took away our excellent health care and gave us Obamacare.
We will never forget the GOP reaction to all of this! Government of Putin
You have 2 b willing 2 make it uncomfortable. I was pissed others didn't join in with Claire in real time. The GOP is corrupted by $$$.
The only thing that will stop any of them is if they think they will lose their next election. Focus on the 1s up next time. Mention names.
I think u'll need 2 start shaming them like Claire Mc. did while the camera is rolling. Whenever any Dem has the mic. Say what Claire said.
And the dems passed Obamacare without reading it? And the promises?? And now the implosion of it... wanna address that ? #lyingdems
"We have to pass it, to see what's in it." sound familiar?
Why would they have public hearings? All they'd hear abt is its effect on poor sick ppl whom they don't care about in the 1st place.
I will not use words that YOU use. Simply put you need someone to wash that filthy mouth of yours
You are a liar! No one wants anyone to go without health insurance! Stop lying! #FakeNews
now can we call them #fascists?
Believe you have that confused with Obamacare.
To be fair, if they don't know, they won't worry about it.
Thank you for your service. People want single payer healthcare & congress needs to speak up & not wait for repubs to implode.
Much like Obamacare???
I love you for your dedication. .please keep fighting. Some people do need to go tf home, but not you <3
Your party produced a failed healthcare insurance system, and then you lie about it.  Nice job Senator.
This flies in the face of all things decent & democratic.
My heart truly goes out to the #American people, it's not right.
This is terrifying and discouraging. People I know are in despair. Shocking way to mortally wound the country w/o open discussion.
Oh, but it's great that Obamacare does the same thing. While wrecking our healthcare system and make Dr's not take OCare patients. dems lie.
LIAR!!!
A "government by the people & 4 the people".The majority of USA voters dont want Trumpcare.As leaders u took an oath to serve & protect us.
Republicans are the lowest
Gotta wonder how many of these fools will be locked up after investigations... so yeah, tick tock.
It's hard to take u serious since u had 8 yrs to fix ACA. Now all u do is complain about the Repub attempt to do something 4 our health.
@Talkmaster There are people with health insurance behind closed doors? Do they have it when the doors open?
Sound familiar?
This is not good. They are dispicable.
No wonder politicians are not trusted.
#MAGA #DrainTheSwamp #impeach @realDonaldTrump
No. No they aren't. Ideally they would be getting INCOMPETENT govt OUT OF HEALTHCARE. Where in the Constitution does it enumerate the power?
We are living in hell. What is wrong with republicans?
My daughter is one of them. Fight for her.
Yes; you bankrupted the nation. Next question?
Like Obama care?
And you say Trump isn't keeping promises.
So Kirsten, what do you do if you have a senator (Toomey) who doesn't give a damn about us, + just wants to give a tax break to the rich!
Contact your elected officials and tell them that this is not acceptable and we are not going to be quiet. Speak up if this impacts you
MILLIONS lost HC due to Obamacare, where was your vulgar outrage then? Oh, right, it didn't serve a purpose for your facetime. Hypocrite!
But Obama doing it is ok?or my Fav line keep ur Dr & ur plan,or the 100% increase in rate this yr in TN,there r 10 mill enrolled so how many
That's right u like to push the 24 million number and that more than twice of the number enrolled but again Dems don't care about facts,
Like.promise , hmm have u looked at the new Justice? The dow numbers? The economy, jobs created? Oh and did u get the part where HE ISN'T
BUT they're going to make up for it by giving tax breaks to the rich
Soooo, what can you do about that?
Polly, maybe if we keep people aware. I would still have to be voted on. I can't believe that all Republicans back Trump.
I totally agree. Working in the healthcare field I can see how worried people are, both providers & patients. Advocacy is essential.
I am really afraid. We would not be able to insure my hubby. His meds are also very expensive.
With the number of ppl in that situation it's ludicrous our fed & local policy makers have turned a deaf ear & cold heart on fellow citizens
I don't understand it.
Don't know how they justify it, other than it isn't personal.Jimmy Kimmel-"no one should lose a {loved one}b/c they couldn't afford care"
Yes. If I remember, his baby was very sick.
