The House must be flipped in 2018. It should be easy if all the people impacted by or know someone impacted by AHCA actually vote.
Why aren't there any women on the Senate health care working group??
Men deciding what's best for a woman. A bit skewed??
we need to continue to fight there kinda of stereotypes
Why are you playing the woman card?!
Preexisting condition?
Tired of #FakesNews
Please run for president!
Oh Jesus, you will say anything.
Thanks for advocating for equal treatment for women!
Just a reminder that not all people in possession of a uterus are women. I fully expect you to fight for the rights of trans ppl as well.
What does science say about that?
I say that all those who voted for the healthcare (NOT) bill should be DISOWNED by their respective mothers!  This is totally misogynistic!!
Being a woman is as bad as having a preexisting cond or being old   OMG it is preexisting!  Die ladies!
The House was just looking for rate boosts and benefit cuts wherever they could 'cause their one goal was to reduce Ocare taxes on the rich.
#AHCA especially hurts Women. So, @GOP @HouseGOP you guys do know that we #WOMEN vote, right? AHCA with no CBO Rating = #PoliticalSuicide
If women use more services than men, it is more than ok, it is only fair. Being independent women means paying for what YOU use.
You're absolutely right--that's not okay. Also not okay to charge seniors so much more, or those with preexisting conditions. AHCA is awful
Outrageous.
PTSD after sexual assault, migraines, c-sections, etc. all "pre-existing conditions" that affect only women or mostly women.
Where in the bill that passed does it state this? I have it right here in front of me. I'll wait...page and section please.
Also plz read handmaid's tale and see how Serena joy feels.
Bwhahahaha Rick that crazy back in girl...tuck it in!
That's not crazy. I just mean to look into the book and see how the women who didn't stop these crazy laws feel. Jesus
Trust me it's a little bit crazy.
Senator, thank you for continuing to stand up for what is right and calling out the wrong. How can we best help as fight goes to the Senate?
Give them money
How bout that logic applies to gun owners regarding 2nd amendment legislation?
BS! Show me the line item in the bill that says that! I have read the bill and THAT IS NOT IN THERE! @SecPriceMD @realDonaldTrump @VP
I've read it three times...can't find that fake bullshit anywhere.
The bill gives states the right to rescind protections in ACA. 1 of those protections is not allowing increased charges for being a woman.
Oh, do you mean section 1402 of the PPAC? Or another section?
If that link doesn't work, let me know. I'm on mobile, so it automatically downloads the pdf to my phone w/o a pdf link for browser.
Actualy, in a perfect world it would be expected. In general, who has higher healthcare costs? You're pushing socialized medicine. No thanks
@HouseGOP voting YES on #AHCA without reading it & no CBO rating = #PoliticalSuicide for many in @GOP
Senate GOP continues House GOP misogynistic approach to govt no female senators on panel reviewing healthcare proposals welcome 2 the 
Insist there are women on the Senate panel. Stop them now
Exactly how did they do that Gellybrain? Give the specifics. @SenGillibrand @SenateDems I think you are a lying SOS.
Actually states will now control this. The legislation allows no such thing.
I'd be a little more concerned if they weren't already charging people more for being male.

http://www.quickquote.com/blog/female-vs-male-term-life-insurance-premiums/ …
You are so FOS
Where exactly does it say that in the bill? Sounds like you might be cooking up some #fakenews !
BS
Not true little white lie Sen Gillbrand
@SenGillibrand if you run for President I will vote for you.
I guess we will have to transgender???  I can't believe the #GOP is living in the 1920s!!!
Or elderly.  Or with a pre-existing condition.  This is bigger than a gender issue.
#MedicareForAll
Good! Keep speaking out and educating others. We need engaged leaders.
Liar!
What can we do to get a woman on the Senate committee on its healthcare bill @SenGillibrand?
When only WHITE MEN are sitting at the tables of power, THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS! *Elections have consequences*
thank u for at least tweeting all this stuff it keeps my feed sane and gives me hope ha
Being a woman has become a pre-existing condition..
Perhaps they have forgotten that every one of them utilized a woman's body for gestation.
Medicare for all is the only way it will work. Yea or nay and decide how much the payroll tax will be. Over and done. Easy, complete, fair.
If AHCA is allowed to gut Medicaid, people with disabilities will be institutionalized and many will die.
I work for a New York based disability organization, and I am active in disability rights. I am terrified of AHCA.
#ImWithHer2020
Gillibrand 2020!
You're a sitting senator w/power & influence–what are you going to do about it (have you reached out to R colleagues re voting against)?
We have to get these men out of OUR White House!
I'm a New Yorker and would like instead of just saying no you instead will actively support single payer in the Senate starting this week.
In Israel life insurance is more expensive for men, while skilled nursing coverage is more expensive for women. Pure statistics.
You people want to nail Trump to the cross for everything ..Give us a break already ..He won now stop whining
I know you can't say it - but they have declared a war on women. I have two daughters.
Why doesn't the overhaul begin and end with patients and not with insuring health insurance co make profits?
Instead the House GOP should have forced insurance companies to never include prenatal care?
Do you stand up for young men who pay more for auto insurance?
@marcylauren This is injustice! Penalized for being a woman...
So instead of saying no, the sky is falling, we must fight, resist, try WORKING with the #GOP . Hard part for u is ideas
Go with the new model, Direct Primary Care and keep a local doctor in a job they love.
We are 54.2% of the US. This cannot stand.
You Senators NEED to get health right.
You mean, to *Once again* charge you more for being a woman....cause they couldn't under Obamacare
What the fuck is WRONG with these Republican creeps?!?!?!
Counting on you & @timkaine @SenFranken @KamalaHarris @SenSchumer @SenWarren @SenSanders to fight & defeat @GOP war on healthcare. #NoAHCA
The house GOP better start looking for a new career. They will be out of office. Shame on them!
And if you are a woman over 50 with a pre-existing condition, if you are not rich you are going to have to choose between eating & insurance
Which page and section of the bill does it state this? I have it right here in front of me. I'll wait.....
Just don't hold your breath.
Do you have the amendments as well?
Wouldn't it be nice if Gilli provided them? Or, are you one of those that believes everything you hear like a good sheep?
Uhh what? I simply asked if the person who stated they had the bill also had the amendments.
Even the insurance companies don't agree with this. It is totally on the GOP. They wanted a win and needed the Feeedom Caucus
Not even sure its constitutional...
53% of white women don't care.
Quit being so damn negative, we are not paying you to be that way. We are paying you to get things done. Do it with honor not negativity
It is your job to get to work with republicans senators to make the bill great. You have all next week, better get your butt to DC.
Because of the difference in service needs you hack!  Liar
all 330 million of us?
That is a bald faced lie! But I forget that your whole time in the highest office was built on lies and hiding from truth, keep your ins
no one cares about money in a country where they let the fbi pick the president. What are you going to do throw us in jail? for not paying?
shocking - how & why? Will it come to UK?
I do not love this!
AGREE!!!!
