Or how about thanking the OWNERS, who gave them JOBS in the first place? #OwnersDay #MAGA #TRUMP
Nothing was given
I am grateful for owners' benevolence. They are innovators through whose means of production workers can EARN a meager living.
Thankful for the partnership of labor and mgt.
As the old saying goes. If you like your weekends off thank a union.
I got 17 years in the Carpenters Union Chicago I would do most anything to get back in, can you help. Thanks
Subd
You're welcome and thank you for supporting us!
Yes, just look at the affect public unions have had on the budgets of blue states. Ugh
Yes, look at those states where the middle class is strong, where they can retire with financial security and benefits
On the backs of the majority of Americans who aren't part of unions. It's redistribution of wealth in sheep's clothing.
I believe that's what you believe, as sad as it might be.
believe it big boy.
I do, I believe that's your belief as sad as it may be
Thanks unions!  For ruining my home state, Michigan.
#FightFor15 Senator. Not in SEVEN YEARS but NOW! No one can wait that long.
Amen to this! Thank you for your support, @SenGillibrand!!!  @UFT
I am proud that you are my Senator.
Im pround hes your senator and not mine
"Thank the unions." For what? Forced unionization? No work unless one joins a union? Taking $ from 1's paycheck 4 nothing in return?
I'm not enjoying being a unemployed laid off union worker...but thanks
But remember, you stood with Tom Rutledge recently, and I can't believe you don't know about a strike between spectrum and #ibew local 3
Thank you for speaking at #buffstate. It was a great honor having you there.
Thanks unions
help us get the word out to support  @voteolysha 
She's running for Fl Senate Dist #08 so she can help workers in FL
Thank you!
The unions didn't help my business whatsoever. Non union companies are the backbone of this country. Wake up!
Why is it that retail & many food & other service workers have to work on a day that is supposedly honoring workers? #LaborDay
I agree I am so tired of those who forget the struggle of workers to rise above the ugly oppressive practices of coal steel and RR Co's
Absolutely. Thank you Kirsten for posting this.
As a proud member of SAG-AFTRA I have health ins., a pension and a union behind me to bargain collectively for a real living wage #LaborDay
@AIPAC attacks US politicians who don't serve Israel. I love Sen Gillibrand 4 protecting our 1st Amendment from AIPAC. AIPAC is a problem.
#WouldYouEverPledgeToStop
#ForcingAmericansToLaborForTheBenefitOfAnother
and
#Defend13Amendment ?
#YourAnswerPlease
Years ago yes unions were fantastic. Today they are the problem.  Nobody should be paid for 8 hours after only working 3. Or Pushing a broom
BIG UP to the AMERICAN WORKFORCE..
PARTY OVER HERE..PARTY OVER THERE..
Time for medicare for all.
Senator Gillibrand why can my local 264 teamsters cut my pension by 30 percent and I don't hear anything from you or Chuck
You damn right they raised the bar so high in 2011 , it put me out of a good job.  F*** the democrate supported union
No we have to work.
Advice for convincing someone to join a union who thinks they are obsolete?
Hello
@SenGillibrand And the Democrats walk away from the unions years ago! Now they're With President Trump!!
@mhai56 If 1% & Koch's had their way There would be no paid holidays OT workers comp or minimum wage
Senator, haven't you heard, unions are the cause of all of our troubles in this country. #fakenews Union strong! 
And have made American made products more expensive and forcing production off shore
Ur team already thanked the unions when u ToppedUp their pensions. Unfortunately u then illegally seized ur Delphi constituents' pensions.
Please DO NOT RUN for president, The Democratic Party doesn't need another Hillary failure!
Is that the same union that drove manufacturers out of the country
Saying I today's unions got us the rights we have is like saying today's democrats were the party against equal rights.
Yes and all to all the public unions that are bankrupting all the cities and towns as well destroying the public education system in America
Strong unions = strong and thriving middle class.
...and not Congress who in 1993 sold American workers out by enacting NAFTA. It's been a downhill slide ever since.
I'll thank real unions like labor but public unions are a joke and should be abolished. What results have teachers unions delivered?
Democratic initiated Federal,State & Municipal Unions r bankrupting the Country,States,Cities & Towns~The proof r all the unfunded pensions
You obviously have no idea how pensions work.
Thank them for all the jobs leaving this country!  Thank the Gov unions for fleecing the american public!
The people don’t need to pay a third party in order to work. The 1950’s Unions are no longer necessary.
Completely wrong, nice try...
Good in the beginning corrupt in the end.
Just like anything, with power comes corruption. We need private counter unions to foster competition and still uphold workers values
Absolutely, Senator! Thank you for your support! #UnionStrong
The Unions?? Give me a break all they do now is steal your money At one time they were useful- No More!
Why do we have unions?
Look up Haymarket riot just one instance.
Where is the tech sector union?
Amen to that @SenGillibrand. I've been a Union member for 24 years. Say what you want about Unions but they gave us all the 40 hr work week.
Unions also gave us weekends, benefits and safe work places. I'm a 3rd generation lifetime union member (486) and still loving it
Trump is considering DACA rescission. Is Congress ready to act? Enjoy Labor Day! #DefendDACA
Think they have a veto proof majority?
I hope the GOP realizes this is not cost effective because if they don't care about the DREAMERS they do care about $$$$
I retired from The Boeing Co after 26 years in a non/union job.  Because of the union, I enjoyed many of the same benefits the union 1/
fought for.  With 45 eliminating many employer requirements, like pay equity, union are more important now than ever! #ThankAUnion
There is barely any unions. Since the early 80s. If this point isn't known 2 U. Imagine what else isn't known 2 UR person. Senator.
Nafta did that.
