This decision will be devastating for the middle class. It increases premiums and could leave up to a million people uninsured.
Ending ACA subsidies makes no sense. It helps no one—and if you aren’t helping people, you should go home.
Somehow as a country we need to mobilize to let those representatives know this is not acceptable
All you do is play partisan politics, you're just upset that you no longer matter
Saysone of the key actors in getting it shoved down our throats in the first place! We haven’t forgotten how it was passed in the first plac
Now is the time to start calling it Trumpcare.  Let him own it
Deplorable
Didn't you swear to uphold and defend the Constitution? Article 1 Section 9 of the US Constitution made the subsidies unconstitutional.
Wrong!  He's going to stop Socialism in this country inspite of you and your muslim ex president.  Socialism has no place here.
I'm not sure he gave it as much thought as you just did. Just anything that will destroy Obamas legacy.  Doesn't care about actual people.
No its to get you people to do your Job and appropriate the funds!
Stop this ponzu scheme and let health care go back to the free market, then rates will come down. No word of healthcare in constitution
you mean cutting the insurance companies government paid profits
None is just following what the federal courts say is illegally
Make it what was promised..affordable and keeping your own Dr.....Cimw on Kirsten don't Grandstand on OBAMA'S LIES
He could give a about any other than himself
Senators have the power to do something. So please do it. This could get ugly real fast
There's an easy way to get politics out of healthcare.  Get the government out of healthcare. 
It also jeopardizes the lives of the most vulnerable people. The rest of Washington should not let him to get away with it!
And just what we expected from him.
You can read the 1st three words of anything posted and know it's liberal propaganda
I’m sure your insurance won’t be effected at all. Poor you!
Of course we know that. Now we all need remember, that first up is 2018, then 2020. Make them pay like never before. #unemployment
Passing the ACA was a cruel attempt at playing partisan politics to the millions of people you lied to. If you like your doctor. NOT!!!
Idiot!
Kinda like forcing us to buy insurance we could never afford to use.
You mean like when Obama forced ACA on people who it hurt and did not help ? You are delusional woman.
The ACA is a joke on the middle class! You need single payer! The ACA is run by big Insurance company.
Senator, what are you and your elected colleagues doing about it besides tweeting? I see NO action from this branch of government to do good
What this president signed as an ACA executive order will hurt his voters too! This president is a liar, criminal and an idiot.
This is an anti person President. He is dismantling the ACA because it was proposed and passed by a BLACK man.
That is the most ignorant thing I have heard today. Obama was half white and half Kenyan. Do some simple research you racist.
Actually, Mr. Obama is a black man, look at his skin color, with Kenyan roots. He was born in Hawaii, US citizen. What are your roots?
Actually, Obama’s Father was Kenyan and his mother was a white American. Raised in Indonesia and then went to live w his grandparents in Hawaii. Do some research.
Kapiolani Med Car for Women & Children Honolulu, Hi. You do some research.
So you want me to continue giving you money to give to the insurance companies
Hate to break it to you, but ACA was already bankrupting families long before Trump cancelled subsidies. ACA is a failure #getaclue
He's a bully.. house and Senate must stop him #ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow
Going from a senator that is subsidized for her health care.
Say to the people who have their lives destroyed by ACA. Families paying $17..18..$20k a year. Small business's that have closed due to ACA
And your solution is to do nothing
Didn't the courts rule the subsidies were illegal? Why is keeping it a good thing? Isn't it Congress job to write laws?
We need to stop funding Tanks. Use that money for subsidies. That is where we should be focusing our tax dollars.
It also is an effort to disempower and render millions of Americans helpless, fearful, dependent, and submissive. Can Trump & Co benefit $?!
Let’s create a plan to shore up the exchanges please!! This is a death spiral
#25thAmendmentNow
Thank you for continuing to speak out! You are steadfast, inspirational, and my hero. I’m proud that you are my Senator. 
It's not cruel it's the legal thing to do now go do your job and pass legal legislation do your job easy as that
This is yet another impeachable offense.
“I, myself, feel no doubt that it is a violation of his constitutional duty for a president to use his discretionary power (which sometimes
Impeachable offense is forcing people to buy insurance, fining them when they don’t and then, not being able to use it
You had your chance to help fix it earlier. Now live with the results of your stonewalling.
No, it's an obvious attempt to get some work done. Damn work ethics.
U.S. Constitution, Article 2, Section 3. "he shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed" antother violation of His Oath of Office
Exactly the opposite of what happened. Subsidies were not part of the law. Trump is ensuring the law is followed.
NOPE check your facts. appeal still pending House v. Burwell (now House v. Price)
It'll keep being appealed to SCOTUS, where it will keep losing. The constitution is plain abt who appropriates money. (hint, not POTUS)
Wrong again. Most likely 1. Trump Admin. will drop the appeal 2. the house will appropriate the money and appeal will be moot
Maybe. Doesn't change the fact that current action is illegal. Proves it. If the house appropriates the money, that's how it should be.
Everyone's heard of the Midas Touch. The Trump Touch destroys everything in sight.
Article 1 Section 9 of the US Constitution says the subsidies r unconstitutional. Can @potus decide to pay for the wall outside of Congress?
But legally correct. BHO was doing it illegally. Why are you against the laws of America?  You are supposed to uphold them.
He’s a disgrace
It's genocidal. That's what it is. Borderline domestic terrorism.
It’s passive murder.
Since he's taking my ins & I'm going to die I guess I will start smoking. What difference does it make now.
public the obamacare  was refuse   concentrated   garrbarage ,  it taxed  you if  y  do not carry insurance you  cannot tax  health insurace
Subsidies declared illegal by the courts, now u as a member of congress can do what u should have done the 1st X, Obama  paid off Ins. Comp.
to  the public  do nit  ever  believe  this senator she  been appointed  by a blind  gov of    new yok   help to unset and i will run  send$
No it's his attempt to end EVERYTHING for the 98% to give 2% their big tax break. After all when he's not pres anymore he'll go back to them
I agree. Is there anything you can do about it, please!!
I like the use of lower case p for a low level president ... Intentional?
There are a lot of tweets about how awful it is, but as with a lot of things, the tweets don't lead to action against this idiot
Fossil fuel exploration & production subsidies $20.5 billion annually.
ACA reimbursements are $7 billion in 2017 
 $9 billion in 2018.
When is impeachment going to begin?
Aren't you the same people that said the stock market would crash if Trump elected president no credibility anymore
Very true sadly it will be the hard working middle class that pays the price #25th45 #impeachTrumpNow
i believe it's @realDonaldTrump 's way to end income inequality by killing off the non-rich
Passing ACA without a single (R) vote destroyed Democrats, remember?
I look forward to this destroying the GOP
Don’t hold your breath. Nah, hold it.
Pay back is hell ,ain't it especially by a democrat run as a conservitive republican
“Our” health care? Are you a participant in the ACA??
If you won't come to the table then maybe the meal shouldn't keep getting served.
It’s not just an attempt.
More than that, its evidence that it was working well. Destroying something takes this much effort and this is vile.
THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK DON'T WANT OBAMA CARE DON'T YOU LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS
Mueller! Save us!
 dunno just cracked me up 
do something then
If he's going to sabotage ACA, even MORE important to push Single Payer NOW
Please help us from him
Trump is playing games with the senate and congress. American lives will pay the price for his childish revenge.
And we should expect anything else from him? He is what he is and we should treat him as such.  Doesn’t deserve  deferential treatment
In 2018 need 2 do: take more seats. Indict/jail Trump. Undo Trump's destruction. Solidify new bills. And, indict GOP for sabotage Americans
What can you do about it?
No Kiki, the entire #ACA was a partisan law imposed on the country by Democrats. @POTUS is following the law.
Potus following the law would be a novelty. There’s a reason he’s been sued thousands of times and had to pay many millions.
Obama broke the law by providing the subsidies. @POTUS just reversed it. Don't hate.
I feel free to hate the hateful. Trump has built his political career on hate, fear and lies. For a supporter to decry hate is hilarious.
No, you r ridiculous. The hate and violence comes from the left and always has. BLM, Antifa, KKK etc. all leftists.
Pure stupidity betraying a total ignorance of history and a cheerful obliviousness to facts.  Put this hat on and sit in the corner.
And you can only resort to a cliche which is typical for you illiterate nobs.
No he overturned what the Congress (look in mirror now) never authorized! The subsidies are illegal! The rule of law
Senator - It's #25thAmendment weekend! #25thAmendmentNow #25ththe45th
Congress needs to work together to make sure people get insurance at a reasonable price
Cruel not to pay the insurance companies?
#AnotherDayOfHorror
#DebtAbuseContinuesToGrow with
#BiPartisanCongressOverspending
#HowWouldItEverSlow ?
The liberal leftist establishment is pointing fingers@POTUSDJT,while they are as guilty as the GOP for being Obstructionist on each level.
Bull.  And poppycock.  And twaddle.
Not your healthcare. I  am sure you have the best healthcare and for free.
as they say in New York:
Can't you intro a bill that says that congress and the president must have the same health insurance as the rest of us?
That's like asking Hillary to give back all that payola she took all these years When Trump finishes these liars will be gone
No it’s not..it’s away to let free markets work, and to stop enriching insurance companies at the expense of tax payers
So, do you not understand the constitution or are you lying to rabble rouse?
Quite simple.... Trump is unfit for anything. 

Trump is evil. Trump is a simpleton. Trump is rude. Trump is crude. Trump is a complete failure.

@PressSec @POTUS @FLOTUS @IvankaTrump 
You say attempt. BCBS told me my premium going from $785 to $1395 & maybe higher & I don't take subsidy! How can we pay this for one person!
Replace the ACA with #MedicareForAll @realDonaldTrump appears to be promoting it.
Or the president is giving a clear answer to the cruel way YOU and your cronies play partisan politics with our health care.
Its nothing more than pushing a REAL ESTATE DEAL to HIM, he doesnt consider the LIVES that will be LOST bec they wont be able to afford INS
any time you're ready: 25th Amendment.
Eric Schneiderman is a rockstar! His legal response is the final nail in the coffin of this horrific executive order
Federal judge ruled these subsidies as illegal in May 2016. Not in the law. If there is fault, it’s the Dems writing garbage
u should've worked with him.
ACA is broken and bad. Give @realDonaldTrump a chance to fix as #POTUS
No, he's just being down right mean & punishing us for not loving him. Lindsey Graham is paying the Koch's their due for the SenateGOP, GOP.
#TrumpWillNeverMeasureUp
Destruction is ALL he knows ANYthing4$$$$$~like the City of Bones, the Isl of bones pretty soon! Sic~
Attempt?? Nay! It's not an attempt! I made it happen! Go me, #MAGA!
SUE!!!
Yeah, what was he thinking following the law and all....pfffft.
per CBO: Trump ending subsidies increases premiums 20% by 2018 and 25% by 2020. Deficit goes up $6b by 2018 and $21b by 2020,
