It is unconscionable to have deductibles so high you have to pay the premium plus your medical bills.  Obamacare is a pile of crap. ....
GOPcare will raise the deductibles considerably
If it does then not worth getting it.
GOPcare is not any HC you don't cut $800billion out of it and get better coverage EVER
What we have now is as bad as it gets.  A lot of people live paycheck to paycheck so how are they gonna pay premiums and deductibles...
GOPcare is much worse,the result will be more then the 23 million projected losing coverage, it'll be much more $ for much less coverage
Dave come to me when you have something other than talking points.  Neither plan is worth a sh*t.
single payer is what I support
Gang of 13 .@GOP THUGS 1)secretly drafted #TrumpCare TaxCuts for Rich 2)manipulated Market to sabotage ACA 3)cut affordable Healthcare.

.@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOP Congress accountable 4 their treasonous traitorous acts against USA. All legislation/apptmts s/b reversed.
GOP....
.HONOR THOSE WHO LET PEOPLE DIE, & STIGMATIZE THOSE WHO STRUGGLE TO LIVE
Your lies about ObamaCare are unconscionable as well. When will you be honest and admit ObamaCare is simply a Tax? #FAIL
Congress needs to have the same coverage that you give Americans. End of story.
Their healthcare is already paid by Koch
Koch brothers should be jailed
How about George Soros and a list of other Democratic billionaire donors first!
They are not trying to take away healthcare for 22 million Americans.
I don't believe there's anything I could say that would convince you otherwise ,but whats the flavor of the democratic Kool-Aid today?
Fruity FACTS
Insurance companies will save money. The 1% will create low-paying jobs that are subsidized by the government i.e., food stamps. All they 1)
In a way that is what they have been doing under ACA. People just can't see the Forrest through the trees.
What I meant was, insurance companies would save money when people start pushing up daisies.
That too and it helps SSI solvency also. And rids society of the sick n poor.
Again, you are wrong!

The top tier will probably use the tax cut to buy stock in insurance companies and get a double banger
Yep
Example 2 why are all of our president related to each other in some fashion?
I feel comforted knowing you and @chuckschumer are representing NYers (even us upstate people)
The two biggest lying losers in the senate have done NOTHING for NY.
Let me buy into ur HC system!
Whats unconscionable is the millions who have lost insurance now cause of ACA. Dont believe things you hear from left. No one can afford ACA
Guess my 94 year old wheelchair-bound mother in the nursing home will have to get one of those jobs Kellyanne was talking about.
The poor live at the wish of the rich no ? Disposable lives...
Here's a thought, instead of using cuts to Medicaid. Take the $ trump spends golfing every weekend. Give that $ for the tax break
Why aren't we getting out of war in Iraq, Syria, and Afghanistan? What about that? Trillions of $$ on thankless wars.
I agree it's time to retreat & let their neighbors figure it out. Isis is being abolished. We need to stand down till they succeed & finish.
RIGHT
Don't you have any conscience spreading these lies? Many will be uninsured by Choice. Obamacare was a lie w premiums and deductibles too $.

At 142 pages there can't be much in thier so I will have to imagine there won't be much in the plans?
400 Wealthy Take Healthcare frm 725,000 ppl in AK, WV,AR, NV
Stunning trade-off 4 @GOP #TrumpCare
https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/6/26/15862002/tax-cuts-ahca-republican-health-plan?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=entry& …
#AlternativeFacts
@PrincessBravato YOU Are a warrior also guide us TELL us how to proceed pls!
Gang of 13 .@GOP THUGS will forever on be identified as Crafters who took Americans' Healthcare from them to give Tax Cuts to the Rich!
This is a Coup by repubs n GOP to take over our gvmt I think that is what this is
Meantime Liberals are not doing anything at all. Won't come to the table. Stop paying them and see if they get involved with decision making
Yet 45 supporters see nothing wrong with this.
I've been reading that of the "23 million" who would "lose" coverage, 19 million don't have it. What is going on?
You're reading the wrong info.
I'm a rabbi. I work for a national organization based out of New York. We teach Jewish synagogue schools inclusive education. I'm terrified.
Everything we do, we do so that our children can be educated in their communities and have access to their communities as adults.
If the AHCA passes, some of the children my organization serves will die. Others will be institutionalized and lose access to community.
Jewish adults with disabilities will be institutionalized and separated from our community. Children will lose access to role models.
For many of our people, religious freedom absolutely depends on home and community based services provided by Medicaid.
Medicaid is a first amendment issue. In order to have freedom to practice religion, people need control over their lives, in their own homes
In my work, I promise parents that their children have a future in our community. If AHCA passes, I don't know if I can keep that promise.
I will do everything in my power, but we need your help. Our first amendment rights depend on the infrastructure of Medicaid HCBS services.
It's the @GOP way
Yes pretty crappy reason to eliminate insurance for so many....cruel
They lost any sense of conscience long ago.
I would rather pay more taxes (and I'm in the top bracket) than see morbidity and mortality caused by preventable illness every single day.
ur not to bright are u. U realize that millions of MC workers pay taxes that go to this medicaid. oh yeah we MC don't count we r slaves
simplistic stupidity
Cite facts not false rhetoric
 Expect more out of you. Start delivering.
That's been the GOP plan all along. Pass a "stealth" tax cut while pretending to give a crap about health care. Well done, GOP.
I agree. So what are you going to do about it??
It's unconscionable that a woman as unqualified as you is a U.S. Senator. Not for long.
Faker. Ever since Democrats decided to provide healthcare, you robbed the rest of decent working Americans of their traditional healthcare
That would be one word...I could think of a few more...!
We knew this going into the election.  #45 is a fraud.
I'm so scared.  And I'm just one of millions

If this were not political and someone accomplished this in a normal societal setting, it would be considered depraved.
No patriotic person could vote for this - only the greedy with no moral compass.
The answer to this is simple #SinglePayer #UniversalHealthCare #MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll whn profit is involved the people always lose
You have nothing as is
The key to healthcare coverage in the US is to expand TANF to include 2 heads of household, millions covered, then ACA can be repealed 
This illustrates that there are many who truly have no conscience.  The fact that they claim to be Christians is the ultimate gut-punch.
AHCA = America's Heartless Corporate Act. No #maternityCare = #heartless = anti-family
@GOP: The Unconscionable Party
It's called Americans killed Americans r Americans r killers r Americans killed 4 the wealthy it's all b fitting @GOP
Come on then, Senator! We are relying on you. (No pressure) sorry!
Not if you don't have a conscience. A la, #GOP #TRUMP
But isn't this what Republicans have always represented.
I think that the richest will get their just desserts. . money will not buy them health.
Kirsten Gillibrand lies and deceives as a matter of protocol.
It's called : euthanizing the nation... are you going to act up?
Gillibrand 2020
This is being done to address the grievances of the ultra wealthy.
Aca.  Loser.
Who, in fact, DO NOT NEED IT! Greed, pure and simple.
Lifetime caps mean almost all of us are one serious accident or illness away from having to decide between bankruptcy and death.
Some are already there.....the cliff
I've been wondering for two weeks now the same thing.
Are any of us surprised the GOP would come up w/health plans bearing a resemblance to Victorian workhouse reforms?
Not to "SAVE" money--to "GIVE MORE" money to the richest among us.
Yes it is! What are you doing about it. Work your peers you are as guilty if sit and do nothing
Unconscionable is that people expect others to pay for their health care. I pay for my own health care. Why should I pay for someone else?
The #healthywealthy don't care about average American.
help us target that message with specifics, non-stop & loud to targeted, hard-hit GOP districts of Senators who might vote no
Do excel sheet now; keep it simple
It's about the taxes!
U make $50,000, u would pay $? more per yr. Put in table; easy to see. Do it quick get it out now
Make it easy & visible so US citizen know how this bill affects their bottomline; if u make $250,000 u receive $? in tax savings
If u lead by revealing how bill would affect ur bottomline; have table to list how all in US would be affected; easy to estimate it
I agree. Come clean & let everyone know how much u would save in taxes w senate bill; all politicians should reveal this.
You mean "all to prevent the entire system from going under and increasing quality of care"
You are so wrong and I wish you would stop with the lies and help work for all Americans .
What did you say about them getting out of the way??  John from NH we met at Hillary Campaign. 'the SandyHook guy.
Best move as no laws. Uninsured can still get help at hospitals and clinics but both must provide free ... how about govt plan re-imbuse ?
But it is.
What are you and @chuckschumer doing about it?.
Suggestion.
Filibuster by amendment during vote-a-rama.
Yes. Convince your colleagues not to vote for this crap b
I'm very, very curious why a tax cut for the wealthy belongs in healthcare legislation. Rep. Stefanik can't/won't answer such a simple ?!
@RepStefanik tries to fill her Twitter feed with all the "hard work" she is doing, never addressing the 500lb Elepant in the room.
Tell us about your coverage!!
Thank-U 4 your unwavering support of the ACA and what it stands 4!  Proud 2 have U representing me in US Senate from NY!
The are plotting to eliminate the middle class.
It's unconscionable that coverage could be taken from millions of people to provide unearned benefits to professional poor who could work.
Are you going to run for President?.
not unconscionable. republican.
Not true puppet lady
pls keep uss updated
It is greed at a heinous level. In my state, I doubt Isakson or Perdue will say no to Trump. Gutless.
GOP knows their toxic POTUS POS will cost them #2018MidTerms. They're plundering USA coffers as fast as they can. #TrumpCare is #WealthCare
The people many Americans will die his ban was bcause of this it was planned all along is this a coup
@PrincessBravato that law so people cant sue is BS
@PrincessBravato This passing will lead to bad things
If you and all your colleagues on both sides weren't exempt then this would have been fixed a long time ago. Get real like the rest of us
@PrincessBravato Wages need to rise!
Way past time to turn the tables on this. Get smarter, turn on all critical thinking jets, and give them the heave-ho..Check-mate...#Resist
post parts of bill w/ notes explaining so barely educated can learn about how real this is! Ads n GOP lie about what's in it
The trump supporters have this delusion that one day they will be among the richest while they continue to be conned and suppressed.
No. What's unconscionable is someone who HAD insurance, LOSING it because of some scam you dumbocrats pulled over America.
Why not change the Trust laws to 'hide' money!  Maybe the Dem's love this legal.
People who didn't want Obama care but had to because of penalty, who choose not to have it are not losing coverage. Big difference
#FalseNarrative
It's unconscionable that my premiums have doled & my deductibles have quadrupled just so people that don't work get insurance
I wish democrats would stop talking about what's wrong , ACTUALLY do something. I'm  Dem but republicans fight better . Time 2 fight back
I voted for you and for Hillary. Never again. Trump Train all the way. You and your fellow Dems have not got one thing right. I'm ashamed 4U
How come the Democratic Party cannot get it together and make it right?  Y'all too busy shouting Russia to help the average folk.
@StevenMWolfe3 what no foul language to drive home a lie.
Obama lied to EVERYONE, cost your average person thousands plus, and now you want to act like it's Trumps fault??  Are you insane??
Why didn't you shout this from the trees to that lying Obama?  How in 5.5 months did this become ONLY Trumps issue?  This has been years on!
It's unconscionable to kill the children God has created in their mother's womb by abortion.
Behind you 100% on that.
It already has and not ONE of you helped!
Thanks Senator but where is the visible protest? Why aren't you and your Dem colleagues staging a sit in or a press conference or anything?
hes a bot or troll
GOP and DJT r also desperate to say they 'won' no matter how many people are harmed
you forget about middle class. our premiums are astronomical even after losing our coverage! tired of lying!
Another lie !
Senator Gillibrand, what will you do to prevent this from happening?
When rich people aren't rich enough...
Class warfare meant to encourage violence. Show some responsibility please.
My mother in law is 102 in a nursing home. Used up 1/2 million on care. Will Trump & McConnel throw her on the street?

Hello @SenToomey WE SEE YOU.

do u think that raising premiums 25-100+% is also unconscionable?rising premiums have people cancelling their policies! work together to fix
It's the new Aryan elitist movement, thinly disguised. Terrifying.
Keep up the fight. We have your back.
You mean no more free ride / they can opt out of purchasing? You mean 6.5 million also won't be forced to buy something they can't afford?
so much evil in you.
It's unconscionable that Americans can make their own decisions about their healthcare and keep their own money. Right, Sugartits?
how come no one is discussing the profits of the insurers?  Why is it that we are lining the insurers pockets with gold?
A recent article highlighted one of the big insurers profits in a state they just pulled out of. They made a profit of
$100M on private policies, $300M on employer policies. Lost $100M on ACA Exchanges. That isn't a $100M loss in that state.
It is a $300M profit in that state.
...show me a human with no pre-existing conditions (senators not included) ....
Thank you. It is so debilitating to watch this unfold in Congress. Helplessly observe this cruelty.
Of course, that's putting it mildly, because it's pure sadism... the very thing sociopaths find amusing.
Not "save money for the richest." Let me correct: "all to loot money for those already rich and well off."
I'm with you.
SENATOR WE CAN DO BETTER ;ARE WE HERE TO MAKE HEALTHCARE BETTER; OR ARE WE HERE TO DESTROY OURSELVES; AND AMERICA?
I can't imagine what it must be like to be so detached that you can't see or care....
It is the goal of these conservatives to kill as many American workers as possible.
What? Medical coverage isn't a constitutional right
Agree. My Senator. #ImWithHer 2020
Kill Trumpcare and look to the French system for ideas as how to fix the healthcare system
SENATOR WE JUST HEALED FROM 2008  WE STILL HAVE SLOW GROWTH ;THIS EFFORTS TO MAKE THE RICH A ALMOST  TRILLION DOLLAR  TAX BREAK ;WILL DESTRO
obamacare took coverage from millions by way of high deductible and premium. Also obama grew the gap between rich and poor while doubling D.
Please use every legislative & procedural means at your disposal to stop #Trumpcare!
AKA: drop f-bombs
It's just unbelievable that it  got to this
It's unconscionable that representatives of our citizens use blatant fear mongering tactics instead of just explaining their conclusions.
Not in Trump's America
