Breaking: White House to direct Pentagon to deny admission to transgender people http://on.wsj.com/2xdVrI8 
Globalist takeover our country.  Must break down military, open borders & imgtn., destroy nat'l pride, disarm citizens & bankrupt. Familiar?
There you go again, Kristen Gillibrand, changing the narrative to fit the latest Soros Loser Dem agenda which is to smear @POTUS as racist.
What smear? He IS a racist. Just a fact. Nothing to get dramatic about. Just look at the appointments he's made.
Your brain has been co-opted by the fake news media.
And that's an original phrase you came up with? Just off the top of your head?
For every LGBTQ that gets kicked out of the Military, is one more recruit for the Military against all Trumps ideas. #Resistance #Resist
Russia - dead
Refugees - Dead
Racism - Dead
Unfit to serve - Dead
So try "discrimination and ignorant bigotry" 
#MAGA
It's vile, shameful dog whistling, pure and simple.
Has VP Mike Pence written all over it. Expect more when Trump goes. Mr Pence will attempt to force his version of religion on everyone.
Get them the psychological help they need and stop denying reality. Gender is pretty straightforward
So no discrimination has occurred.
Thank you - couldn't have said it better!
Do you have any facts to back up your statements? You should use facts vs emotions to make you case.
we know you don't really believe that, but you have to say it to keep face with your base.
It has everything to do with a new kind of Christian with all kinds of hate, trying to run the country and on the edge of success.
@WSJ #GillibrandsGottaGo
Medication they take is mentally destabilizing and they have mental issues to begin with and health issues so no transgender in military
No. It isn't senator and the thought of a dem like you deciding who is fit to serve will get us all killed
AND HE JUST SAID NO  BIGOTRY! ONE DAY THAT, ONE DAY THIS! WE HAVE A HUGH MESS TO CLEAN UP AND PENCE IS MOST LIKELY BEHIND THIS !
That's what ignorant bigots do. He's just proving what he's made of. Again and again. We get it. He needs to be removed. #ImpeachTrump
You can't join military if you are under 60" for a man and 58" for a woman... that is hight discrimination?
Jeremy.  Do you know what this means.  Apples/oranges
But my view... anyone who wants to be in military should be...
We agree
Why must liberals obsessively appease every dysfunctional person in this country?
There is no federal law designating transgender as a protected class, or specifically requiring equal treatment for transgender people.
@SenGillibrand If YOU have NOT served next to a transgender while they are going thru their process, I suggest that you KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT
Hopefully they have mor brains than to do something so stupid!!!
And amoral cynical pandering to ignorant bigots.
I certainly hope someone is taking this to court! Discrimination at its best! If you're willing to serve you should be able to serve.
I agree with Kirsten Gillibrand
They're not mental fit to serve, just looking for free medical
He only did this because the transgender medical funding was in the same bill as wall funding. So playing with lives for his f'ing wall.
how do you all stop him honestly it seems like he can do whatever he wants he doesn't care if we protest he doesn't care if someone dies
It must be stopped senator.
Has everything to do with strength and preparedness. Once again the military is not a social experiment for you liberals to play with.
At least you didn't throw the F-BOMB around! You were pretty ignorant when you did that. You life is emotions over intellect.
From what I can tell

He's frustrated he's gotten
NOTHING done
+
he knows it placates his base

but mostly
he knows it PISSES off his oppo.
Such BS. The military cannot deal with social issues it was built to fight wars not worry about Trans Gender. The money needs to go to vets
Seems unconstitutional.  As well as disgusting and bigoted.
There are a lot of Cowards who won't serve but feel threatened because trans patriots do have the courage to serve that they lack.
It's about being battle ready. Transgendered ppl need medications. Field Medics can't carry unnecessary medication into battle.
I have an extremely religious bother who is a #republican  and he is outraged over this.  My point not a party or faith thing it's HATE
What is next getting rid of all homosexual, women and people of color from the military?
It's the military, not a friggin social club!
Feeding the Christianist base
There are transgender servicepeople in the @idfonline . I don't understand the problem!
Very few. I prefer to pay for vets and not their gender surgery. They don't know what they are figure it out first then join
Now you have more redemption for casting your "no" vote on his confirmation.
So many lawsuits....so little time.
First he tells us he needs more troops, then he tells us that he needs less.  I'm so over this. He needs to go, like yesterday.
This is a direct attack on the military.....is Trump inviting civil war???
Statistics on suicide, medical costs, desertion and conflict do not agree with your claim
Lol no it doesn't. Military is place to grow balls, not cut them off.
It's not a discrimination, MENTAL ILL people don't belong in the military period!!!
And taking something away from President Obama
Mentally Ill suicidal psychotic transsexuals have no place in the American Military 

 #sociopathy
WHY DO SOME DEMS DEFEND TRUMPFS
GENERALS AND CHOICES OVERALL?
MANY DEMS HELPED PLACE THESE PPL
THEY CHOSE WHO THEY WORK FOR BC 
SAME NO PITY
Not http://so.read  National Preservation or National Perversion.Americans have a choice.amazon or https:\\http://www.artisanvintageworks.com 
Why won't anyone stand up to Trump? This is shameful!!
I know you're being sarcastic, and I love it. I also love your dog. What breed is he/she?
And back channel deals by the President to get his wall supported.  Please call on your colleagues to help!
Trans people are part of our human fabric. Implementation of ban is an administrative  impossibility. How do we put a stop to this?
It is harkens back to a time when people of color were segregated in the military
Absolutely. Also trans people are self defining not medical procedure defined, so non-medicated trans soldiers are banded for identity.
undoing everything with the name Obama, all of it, that is all they're doing. Bad when someone gets to u that bad, not about country 4 sure
Its beginning to seem more likely that it's just a distraction. Him and the GOP have a much more nefarious hidden agenda, I believe.
It has to do with eliminating mentally ill from the armed forces to the extent we can.
Sing it.
Bigotry no! Your ignorance yes!  Many people cannot serve for a multitude of reasons.
Disheartening at best. @GOP really?????
Don't forget his hatred for his predecessor. He will try to undo ANYTHING and everything he can to dismantle 44's accomplishments/legacy.
we can only hope.
Golly gee whiz you are so smaht.
Clearly a @POTUS  who represents himself before the people. #DishonestDon
@WSJ - and also serves to distract from other news like #RussiaGate #Dossier and #Charlottesville
Dossier? LOL
It fires up the Deplorables.
Can the Pentagon refuse this outrageous order? Can they take it to court? WOULD they?
My tax dollars should not pay for sex change surgeries
See also: Distraction.
My anger and sadness knows no limit.
Probably another early morning no knock raid, he's all bluster and no muster
It also has to do with hiring Russian business. Right, @realDonaldTrump?
