The true danger is the corruption associated with Obamacare. Starting with its midnight passage.
Get off your butt and help instead of obstructing.
Democrats need to put forth a plan, Senator. Sell it to the American people. Promote the plan. Put something out that people can see.
The democrats have a plan, Obamacare, it is the law of the land.  Or did you forget. Dem's own it and it sucks!
Doesn't mean it can't be improved upon. Medicare has been sucessfully modified several times since it became the law of the land in the 60s.
There are zero redeeming parts of Obamacare worth saving.  It's junk and needs to die a painful Death
Then let's go to single payer like the rest of industrialized world. US healthcare most expensive, yet ranked 37th in quality. WHO 2016.
Sell insurance across state lines create competition, add tort reform at the same time & watch the premiums drop
GOP needs Democrats for plans and ideas.  They are an empty well
Right, the democrat well consists of Trump sucks, cry racism, homophobia , misogyny, oh the woman & children.  Talk about vacant.
2020
Callous and cruel. #Shameful
As dangerous and irresponsible is @SenGillibrand using federal funds to help Holly Ahern promote an established fraud called 'chronic' Lyme.
Perhaps @SenGillibrand would like to read, but a slice, of the physical effects of 'chronic' Lyme fraud: https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/volumes/66/wr/mm6623a3.htm … via @CDCgov
Perhaps @SenGillibrand would also like to go read up on the financial toll 'chronic' Lyme fraud takes on individuals and families.
Perhaps @SenGillibrand should know that much of the 'chronic' Lyme fraud has occurred in New York State.
Perhaps after studying the hazards of 'chronic' Lyme fraud @SenGillibrand can hold another press conference in a public park.
Would you consider it dangerous and irresponsible to destroy 20k fully funded pensions as Obama did? Still fighting! https://www.delphisalariedretirees.org/delphi/ 
The thousands of NY #DelphiSalariedRetirees have given up any hope of Gillibrand every being either compassionate or able to multi-task!
The #ACA is a complete democrat failure. We need #FullRepeal and get the gov out of our health care. Support @POTUS to #MAGA 
@jennybethm
ACA is a GOP compromise bill. The only fix to be more conservative is no healthcare. Stuff everyone likes is the Dem stuff. Medicare 4 All
Not a single Republican voted for the #ACA It is 100% owned by democrats and the alt left. #FullRepealNow Medicaid to States
@TenthAmendment
Democrats demonstrated dangerous, irresponsible, &illegal behavior 4way 2longthey're pro illegals, pro terrorists, pro sharia law, pro s.c.
GOP party of no ideas. Willing to take away Healthcare from fellow Am is morally disgusting. Knowing ppl will die patriotic maybe criminal
Delusional!  No one is going to die
Scare tactics 101. Either this person is really stupid or a liberal bot.
Repeal!
@SenateGOP We have an OPM (Other Peoples Money) crisis in America. Americans are addicted to OPM. #RepealObamacare @SenateDems
Question, does this mean that members of congress will also be without healthcare?  If not then why not?
In other words just another Tuesday in the Trump badministration
And contrary to the interests of the people
It's actually the only plan that'll work. It'll get moderate dems to come to the table so we can get a good Bill passed.
Thank goodness for the female GOP senators who actually care about citizens
No you are describing Obamacare. Dangerous & unaffordable
Absolutely with you Senator!
Listen...leave well enough alone.  If you have an idea that would make it better talk!  I'm thinking we ALL need the same coverage.
There wasn't a "plan" before Ocare and most people could afford their insurance! Get used to the idea that we don't want your "plan".
But typical
What plan do we have ?????
#HR676 please
#whats your plan when Obama care crashes and burn!
it would be nice if all Senate got on board!
Bullshit. All you tweet is bullshit.
Get rid of obamacare.
Please continue to oppose this visciously hypocritical and heartless administration. No ACA repeal while R's control congress. Thank you.

I disagree.  During the phase out period a new plan can be negotiated by BOTH sides. No one should be against a bipartisan plan. Compromise.
GO GET THEM PLEASE! #stoptheblindgreed
Everything they do is dangerous to the US and irresponsible.
Mirror, mirror, on the wall...@POTUS
And desperate because their pals are "losing" money. GREED!
Is it more dangerous and irresponsible than passing a healthcare bill that was designed to fail?
And what are your ideas?
Implementing Obamacare was dangerous and irresponsible but that didn't stop you.
IF republicans repeal ACA then they need to forfeit THEIR benefits until a new plan is passed.
Besides sinking billions into failing Obamacare, what's ur plan? We are 20 trillion in debt...will you ever address that?
I would have a $35K emergency room bill if ACA had not been enacted!   Please fix the problems but KEEP our benefits.  

NO REPEAL!
In other words par for the course for this president and republican led  congress.
Sounds like the plan they do have simply makes nobody the money they had in mind. Do you really believe this is about healthcare?  #naive
No it's not
@chuckschumer @NancyPelosi get some air time Jim his words down his throat. Are one of you tough? love you Nancy but it can't be you.
Wtf!!! Come at him tonight Buy some air time and somebody come up with of how to make things better jam this back down their throats

Ins Companies will bail out w uncertainty. We'll see how blaming Obama goes at polls in 18' & 20'. Time to deliver, not tear down & wait.
Very true.  It would be great if we had support for Fair Health Insurance For All
Let it fail..let it fail...let it fail! 
It is unloving, uncaring and unChristian! WAKE UP RELIGIOUS RIGHT!!!
Maybe remind Trump that Obamacare will be known as Trumpcare. We can then blame him! No more Obama  to blame anymore!
It is exactly what you deserve!
You do realize that Sen. Gillibrand, or registered Democrats are not the only ones affected by this right? Or is that fake news?
Dangerous & irresponsible is my middle name
To bad!
Please Schummer, stop the f...ing lies to the Americans who are foolish enough to believe Him! He is such a liar, how do people listen toHim
Do you have a solution to save the poor people that are being financially killed by Obamacare! If you do, stop talking and do it! Stop Cryin
Here you go, lady.
USA was in better shape before ACA.  Wake up and start working for New Yorker's vs your narrow views .
We need to get a CBO on single payer! ASAP can you do this?
A political 'lynching', get it Kirsten?
It is economic suicide to Industry and medicine, but it is murder for millions, pre-meditated murder.
Keep up the fight! Healthcare is s right!
Please foward your plan.
Bombard White House with letters of what we want, not his desire
That's how they roll, dangerous and irresponsible.
They want to get rid of ACA.... at any cost... creeps....
Yes, the plan is ---you're stuck with YOUR plan!
3 Rs already against? Ok. Force them to walk the plank and go on the record. Then another chorus of 'Hey hey goodbye.' Then TV ads.
Hey Kirsten, not one Republican voted to create Obamacare and not one Democrat has expressed an interest in fixing it.
Introduce an amendment that if no replacement no healthcare for senate or house members
Some of your constituents actually care about the good for all people. Fix the #ACA don't let them hurt the people.
Your obstruction of our Presidents agenda is dangerous & irresponsible so now what?  Obamacare is going bye bye deal with it 
They have no plan to move this country forward - only to enrich themselves.
I can't wait to hear the filth that comes out of your disgusting mouth when Obamacare is repealed. 
Repeal and subsequent "replace" talk was mostly code for hating Obama, not policy, now the proof is in.
Why would white house want to encourage  #ACA  failure? #cruel
Nice try though. Did u really think ur obstruction was going to prevent my Awesome President from getting a full repeal?  U were wrong! 
The ACA is the fault of DEMOCRATS.  Now you can live that legacy- where millions of tax paying citizens were hurt.  YOU own the disaster.
Now is the perfect time to float the Democrats' best fix idea. Get it out there; let people know we're not just opposing but proposing.
lmfao. Nice1
Last time I looked you were a Senator. How about yourself and Schumer get together with Pelosi and come up with a damn plan
Just blow it to hell up!
Sure it is. They know that, but they don't care.
That's a great idea. Government has no business-and health care, don't care what you Communist think.
Eliminating a failed socialist experiment (obamacare) is a good thing. We need free market healthcare.
But they wanna win. Wahhhhhhh
Some have stood up thank gosh

That should be the Gop's new slogan. "Dangerous and irresponsible"
That seems to be their thing.
Thank you for your work!!! Can more effort be made to work with drug and insurance companies ?
Yes,  DHS could take steps to centralize negotiation of drug prices nationwide and then FDA to streamline generic drug approval process.
Also irresponsible for our elected officials to ignore serious transportation issues in their own state.
When are the democrats going to pull their weight and start contributing to doing their jobs when it comes to anything in Washington?
Whut? This tweet makes no sense. In English anyways. Try again-type something else in2your cyrillic2english translator, Russian #bottroll
Rather than ''' Donald Trump ''''. Before Affordable Care Act create in the year 2010.. '' the Right Wing GOP were against Affordable Care
Act in the year 2010. Politics phrase. The Democrat lost the congress in the year 2010.. the repeal Affordable Care Act won't happen? ?.
Example only. ''' If Repeal were happen'''. The Right Wing GOP will be held accountable?. Example midterm election is next year. Don't mind.
Plz remind the GOP about the initial misunderstanding that #Obamacare wasn't #affordablecareact
and, yet, not out of character for either...
