Thanks @SenGillibrand, we here back in NY are counting on your voice down in DC to keep the internet free of tolls. #NetNeutrality will help
local businesses continue to grow as shopping online grows ever more prevalent!
#hypocrisy#antibds#zionist#net-neutrality

West Virginia Tries To Improve Broadband Competition, Incumbent ISPs Immediately Sue https://tdrt.io/gka 
Says the woman backing a bill that would lock BDS supporters up for 20 years. That's the definition of taking away first amendment rights.
... how?
thank you for the support
You're welcome.  You can win this if enough people know about you.
Apparently your freedom of speech can be bought. AIPAC bought you & thus our freedom to boycott. 
#StopS720 
#boycottIsrael
Her Freedom of Speech and everything else
Probably time to own this heinous, AIPAC-driven mistake and withdraw your support for criminalizing BDS before you lose all credibility...
thank you for the support
I know I don't want a cable company I pay a lot of money  to be able to sell all my information... now I'll have to buy into a VPN ...$$$$
if you buy World Best Fastest secure VPN Get this discount here
Doesn't the anti-bds bill punish free speech? Seems like you're picking and choosing what speech you want to be free.
Can we call something wit capital B?  
But don't say anything about a fascist @israel brutalizing and murdering another race to steal their land? Right? Nukes for Iran!!!!
Im not sure u have read The Bill of Rights and Supreme Court cases protecting freedom of speech Look up NAACP vs Claiborne Hardware 1982
Here in US we r allowed under 1st Amend to boycott whoever whatever we want History lesson remember the Boston Tea Party? Read OUR History!!
Hey, why don't we make it a felony to oppose net neutrality? That's your new approach to contentious issues, right?
20 years or a million bucks, whichever you can afford...
You don't give a fuck about free speech. You're attempting to criminalize speech you disagree with because you support Israeli occupation.
WOW!  What a hypocrite you are!!  You're advocating for "free speech"?  Did you just co-sponsor a bill to shut down voices against Israel?
You literally co-sponsored an unconstitutional anti-free speech bill targeting BDS
Bad: Protesting and free speech 

Good: Net neutrality

#MixedSignals
#BDS
Yeah maybe leave free speech championing to someone who didn't vote to crimininalize free speech & defend apartheid.
When will we start investigating zionist meddling in US politics?   Making protest a crime is itself a crime.
Kirsten supports #NetNeutrality, so Feds can entrap you for providing material support to BDS. 20 years.
So will you be pulling your sponsorship of the Israel Anti-Boycott Act (S. 720) in support of free speech then?
Then please explain your co-sponsoring of the anti-BDS bill trampling our first amendment right to FREE SPEECH
Do u really care about our freedom of speech? I'm thinking not -
what about #Palestine and the right to protest Israeli apartheid? @SenSchumer
You are threatening free speech with your support of S.720
I'm glad you want to protect #NetNeutrality, but if you weren't a hypocrite you'd also fight the bill that criminalizes BDS protestors.
It's more important than ever to stand up & protect occupied Palestinians from genocidal Israelis. #BDSIsrael
Yes, so take money out of politics
Net neutrality is all about limiting speech that's why liberals are all in
It's actually about preventing ISPs from censoring certain sites. Please read about this before spreading lies.
I have and you are spouting one
You can literally google the definition of net neutrality. Thanks to net neutrality, it's not blocked.
Because totalitarianism is good for freedom speech, right.
of
#Resist Corporate Democrat Phonies.  #PeoplesPlatform #PeoplesParty
You support criminalizing BDS, some of the most creepy thought-policing legislation ever proposed. You have some nerve
I'm ashamed you're my senator. 
Sending people to prison for expresses the first amendment right in the name of an apartheid state is gross
Why are you against the 1st Amendment, @SenGillibrand  ???
I'm convinced you have no idea whatsoever what you're talking about -
You simply tow the company line
#NetNeutrality benefits only those corporations favored by Washington for their political leanings. Netflix and PornHub benefit. We don't.
BULLSHIT.  It wasn't needed then it isn't needed now.
Be coherent with what you have spoken in your public life. Support peaceful right to boycott an apartheid regime.
Another voice advocating #BDS & free speech before SenGillibrand criminalizes it. Stop w/ AIPAC foreign interference writing OUR legislation
Not sure if this got the response you were expecting.
Hah, you neolib imperial idiots never learn. Fatal error cosponsoring anti free speech bill!
seems you only want to allow free speech you agree with.
ps this is exactly why ppl are fleeing the broken dem party.  nice job!
How about free speech to boycott whoever the fawk Americans want to boycott? The hypocrisy is staggering.
You don't support free speech or exchange of ideas. You're actually a fascist.
Dear @SenGillibrand, are you willing to sponsor amendment to US Constitution to guarantee #NetNeutrality?
Your a hypocritical lobbyist for Israel.
unless that speech dares to criticize israel
Why do you want to imprison Americans for boycotting another country practicing apartheid?
So you'll be lobbying against the anti-#BDS legislation then? Considering how it impedes our right to criticize a brutal colonial entity?
Slightly inconsistent with your support of Anti-Israel Boycott Act, no?
Do BDS websites also deserve net neutrality, or is that verboten?
Stop it.  You are a neoliberal fascist who would imprison #BDS advocates or anyone who requests a country boycott a #US ally.
"...threatens freedom of speech" like that #BDS bill you are supporting...GTFOH
What if ppl on open internet want to support #BDS? Get Out of Here you Fascist https://twitter.com/sengillibrand/status/888115042125660160 …
#SaveNetNeutrality
Defining the protection of ‘the public core of the internet’ as a national interest http://www.orfonline.org/research/defining-protection-public-internet-national-interest/ … | #internet #security 
Name:Mohammed Lafi 18 yrs old just got his HS diploma excellent student murdered today in Jerusalem he is Palestinian!be ashamed!u a mom?
Stop your hypocrisy !you are trying to violate the first amendment by criminalizing boycott of Israel #bds !
Whaaa... you actually care about #freedomofspeech? #lackey
You are are going to talk about free speech after supporting anti-BDS.  hypocrite
Admire yr stand for #NetNeutrality BUT am shocked at yr support of HR1697. STAND UP for our Constitution's 1st Amendment!!!!
Ah. Free speech is good as long as you agree with me, if you don't it should be a felony. Got it.
But apparently anti free speech is okay when you punish people who support bds
COSponsors of Bill criminalizing boycotting Israel came out w/joint statement no one will b prosecuted under the Bill BUT 0 revisions 2 it!
I believe in Net Neutrality and freedom of speech. However, does the S. 720 (Israel  Anti-Boycott) Act protect free speech as well?
you can't stand up 4 net neutrality while violating the first ammdnt w/anti-boycott rule u support! What the hell r u doing?
I'm with you.  You're with us.  Thank you.
GOP is Going along with the Changes.Voters sent them to Work for them.instead they have a Personal Agenda.It's about I Syndrome
So disappointed in you.
Maybe you could reverse your decision on making boycotting Israel a felony. After all, isn't free speech actually in the constitution?
laws to criminalize the #BDS movement threaten freedom of speech. if you dont fight for all free speech, youre not fighting for free speech
Hey @SenGillibrand the 1st amendment is a right not a political agenda for you and your alt-right Zionists lobbyists
She's a democrat bro.
Calling for free speech while sponsoring a bill that would get you 20 years for supporting economic boycotts against Israel? Makes sense
If you believe in free speech why are you threatening to imprison me for boycotting human-rights abusing #Israel? Don't be a hypocrite! #BDS
Thank you, @SenGillibrand. I urge you to vote no on Bill 1460! Dirty energy bill allowing polluters easier access to our air & water.
Your BDS bill threatens free speech more. You're awful and we're going to put you out of office.
hey do you know what else threatens free speech?
S.720 - Israel Anti-Boycott Act, of which you are a co-sponsor
So does the anti-Israeli-boycot bill you've co-sponsored. Can you comment on this? I love your record and this is a glaring inconsistency.
You say you believe in free speech, but you signed onto a law that would criminalize speech with up to 20 yr in prison + 250k to 1 mil fine.
Then do something!  Stop yapping and ACT.
Millions of Americans families don't have Health Insurance today because they can't afford Obamacare and you're talking about the Internet!
Try to walk and chew gum at the same time. I bet you can
rubbish
It's just disappointing how pols frame issues. Few people understand anything about FCC, the Obama era rules and what they actually did...
So, what do you think they did? IMO preventing ISPs from charging both us and sites like Google more for a 'fast lane' is a good thing.
YES!!!!
I completely agree, except for the part where you want to jail people for using the open internet to support a boycott.
You actively threaten my free speech with the blatantly unconstitutional Anti-Israel Boycott Act. #shame
What about the anti-BDS bill you are supporting Senator? Does the BDS movement not warrant freedom of speech protections?
It's easy to lose #NetNeutrality in the scuffle of our country being in trouble with this so-called POTUS. Thank you for fighing for this.
Thank you for representing my home  state with such courage and determination .
You are aware the net neutrality rule has never been in effect, right?
