No disrespect but I would rather have my daughter alive than dead - no matter what the cause!! (Except lying down life for Christ)
Agree. I want my kids, grandkids alive and safe. But I hope all of them have the courage 2 take a stand for what is moral.
Attending a hate on each side rally is not standing for moral. 2 state troopers died for this senseless March! Now they have no dad
Now their kids have no dad!! #senseless nothing was accomplished except now ppl see Antifa
Also, no such thing as Antifa. Neo-Nazi word for anyone who is against fascism. Stop using white supremacist propaganda words.
There is #AntifaTerrorism
No, there is not
Amazing woman. Wow. Lost a child and inspiring a country. Everyone needs to take note of this. All of us on the right side of history know.
Hate to even ask, what side are you on? Believing that nothing will ever change, makes you hopeless.
Know this what now??
Yep, you are right. If we let it. The look of change might not be, "Pretty". The Civil rights movement wasn't, "Pretty". It started change.
People in this country as a whole have been continually beat down. To the point that they feel like they don't matter. Becoming  suseptable
We must all fight back, we must remove all the symbols of oppression, be they racist or homophobic.

Act now in Heather's name.
Where's your proof he was against gay marriage?
where's your proof he wasn't
You mean besides his wife being a huge advocate for lgbtq rights?
Well I am all for lgdtq rights
https://youtu.be/_TWCEV5U09c  white S.leave Police SAID 2. BLM FOLLOW them They ignore BLM SWINGING BATS/Sticks CUSSING TRYING SO HARD 2 Provoke
As White Sup quietly walking to leave Cop goes OFF At frail old White S man THROWING him on street PUNCHING him over as he cowards down
Today on "The View"  viewer tweeted in that he is teaching his 4 yo son that he can't be friends with white people because they are untrustworthy. I twitted back that I was insulted at that racist comment. I reminded them that your daughter gave her life protesting against hate.



Been pleading for ways to end the #Polarization that divides America

Be it Race, Sex or Politics

Redor Blue

When we are all shades of 
Candles lit from the @CrozerKeystone  Seminary Reverend King studied..

To the first Baptist Church he preached at.. By the Commodore Barry

https://www.instagram.com/p/BYBjSocgy99/?taken-by=adamlambert …
"i'd rather have my child but if I can't… "
Guess the IMPEACH OBSESSED Democrats Convinced her different LOOK,READ transcripts Calls Heather innocent VIDEOS Show BLM Screaming to FIGHT
https://youtu.be/_kvN1QhgCZI 
https://youtu.be/3orIUX2CAmQ . @FoxNews will NOT Show BLM VIOLENCE White S. Walking by not SWINGING to hit ANYONE/FASCIST Attack with sticks
@FoxNews @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson WHY IS FOX IGNORING ALL the left VIOLENCE in Virginia. Trying to make POTUS LOOK like He lied
It is easy to see where Heather got her passion for justice. Make it count!
https://youtu.be/lhjOlC46wB8  UNBELIEVABLE!! BLM Pitching fits SCREAMING Cussing "WE ARE HERE TO FIGHT today & WE ARE GOING TO FIGHT!
Hej smuk
Oh, wow, I thought it was Sally Struthers !
Ladies and gentlemen, this is what incredible dignity and strength look like.
Heather Heyer's mom: “Say to yourself ‘What can I do to make a difference?’ and that's how you're going to make my child's death worthwhile" 
https://youtu.be/kn2WyvtreO4 . White Sup quietly standing together across treat saying NOTHING BLM Chanting FU KKK & throwing ROCKS AT THEM
Make it count. #Racism has no home in the USA. Visit a different church, park, or library this weekend. Mingle, laugh, shake hands. Repeat.
I'm SO disappointed in this lady chosing to believe a lie Trump NEVER said I HAVE TRANSCRIPTS He Calls her INNOCENT Really sad!!
Kick the shit out of an Antifa member.

Raw powerful on point. I will do my best
I cried, so sad and inspirational
God bless this family!! Heather's mother could have been outraged, but instead she honored her daughter by speaking peace. #loveoverhate
@ABC @adamlambert You are a healer Adam! Through your voice and your music and your actions. You are a great example to many! We R with You!
Amazing woman. Can see where Heather got her spirit from. #RIPHeatherHeyer #Charlottesville
Zero tolerance for violence and destruction.
Bless you- you inspire us
Blessed are the peacemakers.
Heather Heyer is a true hero for justice.
Join antifa like her and get ran over because you were behind a car as part of a mob. Yeah real sad
Such grace during a horrible tragedy.
Such a great woman. It takes ovaries to say that 'I'd rather have my child but... if I've got to give her up, we're going to make it count.'
Such a wise woman , we will make it count
Yes mam i send much . ..like you said
By taking her life they didnt hush..its now making the news..god bless
Let's get Americans talking 2 each other again.Dont let the MEDIA & corrupt politicians/elites divide & destroy this awesome country! No way
God bless you. I truly hope that you are right. There is so much hate in the States. How beautiful it would be if there was love.
Wonderful message sending love from Canada what a strong person :)
This woman is the voice of good-hearted Americans everywhere. @realDonaldTrump is not. Never was, never will be.
Mr Trump and his cronies will NEVER understand this, ever #HeatherHeyer
What a courageous person
A great mother indeed of a great daughter may she rest in peace!
Such a strong woman.  RIP to your beautiful daughter Heather xx
Courageous words from a morning mom! No wonder her daughter was who Heather Heye was
She is incredible
@realDonaldTrump   Have you even called her?
I can be careful of my choices/companions actions have consequences My condolences
Couldn't agree more and hope that the moron who caused this suffers the death penalty because this is first degree murder not second degree
Thank you
https://twitter.com/QueenBDivine/status/898240943869935617 …

https://youtu.be/OxA-t1jHTG8   #continue dreaming #fearless #be #kind to yourself. because it's important to love your #own #company #entrepreneur 
It took trump 3 days until he said her name plus we know Obama would of meet the family an every thing trump defends her killer an nazis smh
This lady is as amazing as her daughter.
My  goes out to Mrs Beyer  terrible,  terrible smh
Humble
Deep message. Strong woman!!! Her lost will not go in vain
Heather Heyer mother is such a strong woman,what she said yesterday was beyond inspiring,we should learn from her
Such strength during a time of tragedy.
She is absolutely right. If you feel strongly about the need for change, you get up & do something about it. Wish more thought that way.
What a courageous parent. No wonder she had such a strong daughter.
The resilience and strength that this mother exhibits should be an example for us all.

Bravery at its highest. No parent should have to bury a child.

#PrayersforHeatherHeyer #HeatherHeyer Tapestry https://jdctapestry.blogspot.com/search/label/People%20-%20Heather%20Heyer … 
#thecourageofamotherinmourning#thestrengthinheartbreak
It is obvious where Heather Heyer got her strength, kindness and beautiful heart. You, Ms. Bro, are also a hero.
Notice you don't hear her slamming the President...but the media does it for her.
I hope this video is shown in every classroom, board room, clubhouse, theatre & hall...until ppl can recite it by heart like a prayer.
wow, it could've been so easy for her to be bitter/angry -- the love she showed instead is amazing. she raised a great daughter!
True love and courage
@isandoc
To bad thevmediavisnt showing that a black man bashed in the drivers rear windshield causing him to accelerate into the crowd..Lying Media
To bad, the black guy  bashed in the rear windshield of the drivers car prior to him Excelerating into the Crowd causing herDeath &
Injuries
What courage,we just witnessed a heartbroken mother speaking from he heart,not a hint of hatred,a truly decent human being.
Sometimes I wish it was a woman's world, slower, safer, loving, talking, accepting, forgiving, kind, gentle, hugging.
God Bless You! My Thought's &Prayer's Are With You    #HeatherHayer  #Charlotteville
Love always overcomes hate! Heather's mom should be an example to us all! #courageous Grace and peace
“Let us unite! Let us be her sword in battle, her armor on
the fields” … Let US America … rbf
We can ever be silent


She's a better person than I. I would be calling for heads.
Americans-Make the difference. Raise your voices against racism, hatred, and violence.  Call your Senators and Representatives.
Be kind.
Respect to you Heather''s Mom, such grace at a time of such grief and mourning, my sincerest condolences to you and your family...
7. Ironic how the white supremacists had a permit for their protest. Antifa and BLM did not. Let that sink in.
6. there's nothing heroic about being in a crowd of anti-free speech fascists and a black hate group clashing with white supremacists.
5. If Trump reacted like Obama did, white supremacist would be invited to the White House. #HypocrisyMuch ? Teach your children well.
4. Being one of the few people condemning sll 3 hate groups present does not endorse white supremacists - you're stupid if you think it does
3. In that crowd. So, was she antfa, anti free speech or was she white hating cop killing BLM? #WhenHateGroupsMeet there were 3 there
1. How delusional - Your kid is a random casualty while she was rubbernecking at a protest where the Cville mayor set up 2 armed protests
Such amazing grace.
Extraordinary bravery. Peace and blessings to this family. A lovely girl and a tremendous loss.
The good ones always depart early! 
Such hatred in the world ,,,,another young life lost,,, so tragic,,,,
Heather Meyer's mom showed humanity rising 2 Greatness. Trump showed he is bankrupt of a moral core. Ignorance emboldening division & hate.
What a brave  courageous mother love and light to you #heatherheyers mom
#Neverthelessshepersisted
