....Transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming.....
This morning, transgender service members put on uniform and showed up to their military duties...
...only to be told (on Twitter, no less) that their Commander in Chief doesn't want them in any capacity—it's outrageous!
This new decision is harmful and misguided. It weakens—not strengthens—our military. And I’ll do everything in my power to fight it.
"willing to die" is such a BS statement I didn't enlist, raise my right hand and say" put me in coach I want to die for my country!
This is no different than if he said that women can no longer work in construction.  He's really crossing some seriously dangerous lines now
I wouldn't be surprised if "no women in military" or other professions comes down the line.  Also no gays ... I am SO angry right now.
~
The President made a decision - live with it - (beyond insulting ? Seriously ? Possibly you need to grow up)
Disagreeing with an immoral presidential decision is called American Democracy. Perhaps you should live with that?
Not so its called being a cry baby
#FullTransparency
Because that is a lie
Yeah, guess the Mooch forgot to delete that one. 
it is beyond insulting to the American people that Congress is not getting this unfit & sick man out of office.
Yep he was.  So was Nixon.  So was #failurefriday #FakePresident
Neither  he nor his sons served.  Yet he's worried whether trans people do.
Ha you've never served,I did and don't ant a tranny sleeping near me
"Transgender is the LIE!" 
So God created man in his own image, in the image of God he created him; male and female he created them.
Well what's your excuse that you're not in hks own image?. That scripture is talking about God's attributes!.

And those that buckled under the pressure and became traitors like Manning
A completely transparent (no pun intended) attempt at pleasing his ignorant base. In reality, he doesn't give a hoot who serves
.@SenGillibrand LGBT - I served 20. Ret MS Officer, 7/9/17 b/c of @POTUS HYPOCRISY against our mil Standards of Conduct. HELP #NoSalute45 
Fight back and don't forget this is about changing the convo about Russia. If it means destroying a segment of our pop., so be it, he says.
I think this was a quick decision @realDonaldTrump made for VP Pence & to distract from Russia. Generall McMaster should resign in protest.
Agreed. Unacceptable.
Please Senator, #25thThe45th !
#LockHimUp #TrumpRussiaCollusionConfirmed #TraitorTrump
@realDonaldTrump Lest the hype makes you forget, Military is NOT about social experiments or individual expression.
Get lost, they want a free sex change on the tax payers back. You Democrats are insulting to the American people. Your political jobs, over!
Transgenders are obviously taking hormone therapy and other prescription drugs there are emotionally unstable. You're Hillary Pet Project
You think he cares, that's pretty silly at this point clearly he does not give a shit what you or anyone else think
Whre wre u the 7 1/2 yrs Obama didnt want them in  Military? It didnt work out well for Bradley Manning. Mil doesnt need u if ur "confused"
Don't you agree they shouldn't serve, because if they serve, they might die, and we need more of them...
that bill u r introducing means nothing. u know why? #dnc has been repudiated and is an irrelevant minority unable2 runin america. go @gop
the military is a fighting force.... not a pc petrie dish for u to play in....real issues please.
You know what's also insulting..that asshole football player taking a knee next to a veteran missing both legs!!..where were you then??
Orders from a coward that dodged the draft due to bone spurs. @realDonaldTrump you're a coward and a fraud. America deserves better
Most especially insulting to those who have already died for our country.
I have flat feet. I can't be in the military. You people are insulting me and prejudiced against how I was born.
I'm with you on this thought!
He can barely get enough service members now and he wants to reduce the numbers by 1000's, & he's the draft dodging "Commander in chief"!
Nobody cares, Kirsten.
First them came for the transgender people, and I...
Thank you, Sen.
Kristen who really cares ? You don't either. Your pandering as usual.
Absolutely.No Real Inquisitiveness,No Substance.Waiting For A "Gotcha" Moment When The Consistent Pandering Starts To Wane.
BULLCRAP!  They join to get their "winkies" removed, for FREE!
That's rich from a guy whose never served and thinks "serving" is attending military academy! Those academies are where RICH BAD BOYS go! 
Disgusting
Should we start calling you Traitor Coward in chief also. Lowest form of life today is you
This is the thin end of a very large wedge how many Trumps ran to serve
What, all three of them?
Energy n $$ should be focused on keeping women AND MEN safe from assault, rape n harassment as well as private shower areas. Too many issues
https://twitter.com/RepublicanChick/status/890258620981452805 …
Trans in U.S.= 0.3%. If they were same proportion in the military there would be less than 6,000. Almost none choose to serve. Moot point.
Has anyone read this article?
http://www.gq.com/story/kristin-beck-transgender-navy-seal?mbid=social_twitter …
What branch of the service did you serve in, Sen.? Oh you didn't? Then stand down, and leave the armed forces to people who love America.
@realDonaldTrump  I will get his karma
@realDonaldTrump i agree with you trump is bigot racist man . trangender people are human beings they deserve to their rights
Senator Gillibrand voting to make boycotting Israel an illegal and fineable offense goes against free speech. You are regressive af #gohome
Disgraceful using human rights as a ping pong ball trying to distract from Sessions harassment and firing Mueller.  Unamerican.
Further more subjecting the military to this is an atrocity in its self.
Transgender are people that are confused or going through an identity crisis & want the rest of us to accept this as normal. It is not.
What is insulting is you & the Left, Dems play identity politics & put out all of this nonsense to create confusion.
Stop #Raping me with a #MattressGirl #EmmaSulkowicz
@realDonaldTrump Especially from a coward draft dodger who has insulted & demeaned every segment of society!
Why is Trump still here?He has got to go. He is building his Alt- right White supremacy Army. Gays and women are next. Just wait.
did you serve in the military if not keep your mouth shut.My husband did 24 years his men agree gays don't belong.Your not doing your job
YOU are beyond insulting to our brave & honorable military and YOU shame USA. YOU don't represent me or real Americans.  You need to leave.
Is this the 21st century 
It's just shocking what Trump is doing
The military is not a place for liberal social experiments. Get over it.
His entire Presidency is beyond insulting to the millions of decent Americans who believe in Democracy.
@mimizelman @realDonaldTrump Until we stop labeling people-black/white/straight/gay etc, bigotry continues. They're people!!
Truth is mostly uncomfortable and horrible
This is not a government - it's an occupation

Thank you
Kirsten, you were in the Senate and gov't well before 2016 -- I'd like to know, what did you do on this issue ever in your political career?
Good point, considering Trump wouldn't put his life on the line for us.
They don't even know what gender they are.  How can they be trusted with knowing who the enemy is?
Especially coming from a #HeelSpur draft dodger like @realDonaldTrump
I'm a veteran and gay. So glad I fought for his right to hate me. The LGBT community is just as capable as anyone else. Sometimes more so,
When will Amercan stop boiling chickens alive? You are as bad as China! There needs to be laws to stop this USA?!
I guess this will save lives.
Perhaps his sons or daughters can serve
Especially coming from a cowardly draft dodger with sore feet.
Transgender = mental illness.  They should be treated with a therapist, not plastic surgeon.
These people need psychiatrists, not drill instructors. You wouldn't know since you never served.
@POTUS
#MAGA
@SenateGOP
@HouseGOP
WHY SHOULD Americans have 2pay 4 TRANSGENDERS 2 get flip/flop surgery?Military has to make exceptions so trannies can pass physical tests??!
tRump wears panties & makeup! What's up with that guy? Brain damage?
Of course it is! But it's no surprise. No different than when he insulted the gold star Khan family. #resist #impeach
DJT and sons will not die for USA, imho
If there's a new Civil War, what side will our military and police be on?
My sentiments exactly Sen. Gillibrand. You are another one of the brave women holding our country up.
It follows his pattern of "reverse EVERYTHING good that President Obama did in his 8 years." If Trump could bring Bin Laden back, he would.
Oh please! I'm pretty sure the military leaders know more than YOU about impact of transgenders in the military. Please give it a rest!
Heck if you're for transgender serving, then you should be for women being drafted....
Donald Trump is an embarrassment to this country. Please impeach this clown. USA deserves a better President who can serve this country
Sounding like Hitler!?!?!
Or get free sex change on the tax payer dollars
Maybe FAUXTUS should watch Hacksaw Ridge to understand the mistake of underestimating someone's fitness to serve. He is certainly not fit to
TrumpettyTrump's "Bone Spurs Brigade" will start a CIVIL WAR and then be the FIRST ONES TO FLEE(into their gold plated bunkers)&HIDE!
Because @realDonaldTrump knows ALL about "service"...oh right he had a bone spur.
Then get the reassignmenr on your own time. It's not our responsibility to pay for elective sercices.  Too bad
Bye bye Chelsea Manning you traitor
Damn right... heshe is still a traitor...
The U.S. Armed Forces installs democracy, does not practice it or social experimentation & has the right to choose.
@realDonaldTrump awful human being.
All 200 of them??? You are just crazy..I don't want to pay for their surgery or their hormone replacement for a lifetime.. do you ?
Who cares. They can't deploy, so really have they served? I'm not stating if you don't deploy you don't count, but if you can't, you don't.
You're entitled to your opinion unfortunately it's not the majority.
Trump is correct.  Given trans Americans need medication for life to maintain change this could be dangerous on the battle field.
This draft dodger knows what's needed to run a military? Seriously?
Slick Moochi-Just get used 2 DT making U a liar & having 2 do a "symmetrical word dance" 2 try& convince us u &  DT said something else!BAD!
It is also insulting to all military personnel, pretending they are distracted, indecisive, less ready because of Trans personnel.
For people that never served in the military... this makes your virtue signaling all the more laughable @GeorgeTakei and @SenGillibrand
Says the guy supporting the guy who dodged the draft with a fake injury and betrayed his country.
Yeah, shot 0.0001% of the military. Nice try
He has no idea what it means 2 proudly serve country & put ur life on line voluntarily everyday 24/7....Especially in combat.
#Gillibrand2020!
Trump dodged military service and now wants to deny those who are proud and willing to protect their country? Shameful.
That's our Presidump. As so, be prepared to be insulted, outraged, humiliated, disappointed, mocked, ridiculed and vilified. It is his way.
Yeah, just wait until the military decides to discharge these soldiers dishonorably for " mental health" issues.
Fairly sure it would be an honorable discharge, but still, it's a sh*t reason to be told you aren't capable of doing your job anymore.
I wish I could hate Trump more but he's pretty much bottomed out.

Well, they WOULD be willing to die for their country... If they could decide whether to wear slacks or skirts. Decisions decisions!
As if Obama even cared about the many veterans that died waiting for care under his sorry administration.
@realDonaldTrump said to the #LGBT community, "I will fight for you."
Thing is, he didn't mean to say "for".
Is the draft-dodging clown afraid that trans service members will suddenly get "bone spurs" or ask rich daddy to get them out of combat?
Maybe make them wear pink triangles so easier for him to tell transgender folk apart. Maybe yellow crescents and stars for Muslims...
The great and might Lord Muck is changing the subject. This is what he does.
Here comes a lawsuit that will go all the way to #SCOTUS where bigotry and hate will lose.
wonder how many thousands will be kicked out. These folks are volunteers putting their lives on the line.  tRUMP is sick.
Yet another betrayal and cowardly action by @realDonaldTrump
How do we get him to focus?
When are you guys going to do something about him? He's consumed with power. The more he realizes that he has the more he'll use it. #25th
...coming from a man who wasn't.
So this was the order if dirty douchebag don? The urinal of the Urals? Putin's "puppy"...that guy...the one who makes Nixon look innocent?
All this coming from a person who has NO idea what it's like to serve in the military. He is catering to those who are bigoted and biased.
And it has stopped the Russia connection and the ACA repeal failure being talked about
This is a distraction ploy meant to set the internet on fire thus avoiding the crumbling walls around the potus.
Thank you for taking a stand and fighting this injustice!
Trump said he would fight for the LGBT community, but he doesn't want them to fight for the USA? #deplorable #sad
I think the time has come for women to take over this country.  Senator Gillibrand, will you consider running for President?
Absolutely right what they're doing to healthcare is horrible a healthy nation is a strong Nation
I know, right?
And coming from a 5 time veteran draft Dodger. Remember Trumps own personal Vietnam, not catching an STD. How low America has become.
Senator- I don't know what we are going to do. I'm ashamed to be an American
Thank you Senator!  It is despicable and disrespectful to those transgender troops who are willing to make the ultimate sacrifice for us!
He likely read a report that states that the majority, of transgenders, are not republican supporters
The fabric of our country is being torn apart by this ignorant ass.
Like Chelsea Manning ??
Die?  Not fight and win for all Americans?  Not service b4 self?  Surgery first right?
Thank you for standing up and speaking out @SenGillibrand. This is outrageous!
it makes no difference to the innocents we murder around the world if we are trans or not. no one should serve this terrorist nation. #BDS
Trump hates the free press, immigrants, women, LGBTQ, Constitution, civil rights, healthcare, disabled, edu, environ, non-citrus skin color
Oh horseshit it's always been about making a political statement & scoring cheap points for liberals
Please stop him @SenGillibrand
It is not the transgenders willing to die we worry about it is the other brave men and women who might die
When have you served anyone but yourself?
They are NOT "HIS" GENERALS
At least Pan-enthnics are still safe!
It's one thing to object if you serve; it's completely another to impose your own values on those who serve to protect you. #KeepAmericaGood
How it starts-a draft dodging @POTUS identifying Trans Gender citizens as too different to serve, we're better than this America #Resist
All due respect, has anyone considered non-LGBTxyz that currently serve? Many have GIVEN their lives; shouldn't their concerns matter?
Kristin Beck, Navy SEAL, member of SEAL team 6, American hero who reached the absolute peak of military excellence. #RealWoman #RealAmerican
Thank you Senator 
Odious, pointless, foolish & corrosive to America. SOP for this mentally ill commander in chief.
Get over it!!!
