I gave a talk to a local Citizen's Action group about HR 610 and why it is bad for children
Protest Phone Calls and Post Cards. The 3 prongs of voices heard. thank you notes and tweets to you and Dems 4 good work.
i call Ron Johnson and Glenn grothman daily. Neither seems to give a crap. I intend to make that known next election.
they never have answered my calls or returned messages to me

Our Knasty Knickerbockers (concerned NYC women)has mtgs, postcard blitzes, call alerts, and $ towards @VoteRiders, @ACLU etc
I'm running for school board. Thanks for being an inspiration.
Joined a few groups for organized activism.  Huddles, marches, postcards, phone calls.  Rallying the troops. #persist
How can I help immigrants/refugees who are here but heading to Canada out of fear? I want to do more!
signed many petitions; called u & SenSchumer re certain issues/DT cabinet. Not been able to march as have Lyme w/ seizures.
Just spent 2 hrs writing #resist post cards. Donated to GA6 Jon Ossoff.  Thankyou for your votes on nominations. #trumprussia
I voted with my feet. Left a government-first state with ignorant leadership. NY losing population by the year. Keep it up
I like you. I’ve been ignoring politics for the past several years. Glad you weren’t.
moved out of NY voted for Trump
calling my reps as much as possible, sending e-mails, attending Marches! (Thank YOU, Sen. Gillibrand, for all you do for us!)
Post card to Trump for Ides of Trump, one to Ryan's home addy. Phoned Homeland Comm. urging No vote on REINS bill (S.21).
I've been training women to defend themselves. Armed women are not victims! #offthesidelines That is what you meant right?
I'm off!
I've been tweeting you with questions but am ignored
it's winding down. Acceptance is within reach which means complacency, the greatest of evils.
Used signs at angry GOP Reps Issa & HunterTOWN HALLS this week. Dem Davis' meetings more subdued. Rep. Peters TH tomorrow.
@enckj Tweeting, protesting, calling, and a district picnic!
joined a group called Fight Back Bay Ridge due to Sen Donovan lack of support for us
Making plans for my family to attend the March for Science!

@ACLU @anthonyaclu @DanGarodnick @BenKallos  #PeoplePower Midtown Manhattan East side - Equal rights for all ! 
DEMAND IMMEDIATE INVESTIGATION INTO #TRUMPRUSSIA @TheDemCoalition Trump Dossier
Tweeting, calling reps, getting to know the disenfranchised of our city, bring kind.
I keep asking you about term limits and getting career politicians out of office.
Getting and following daily actions, joined local Indivisible chapter, share/post, call reps, tweet, hold accountable #RESIST
Including current events in my writing.
all these responses are so inspiring. #resist #persist
anything and everything!
making my calls!
Marching, tweeting, calling elected official, pretty much anything. The struggle is real gurl!
Delphi women are #offthesidelines making themselves heard by suing ur team to retrieve stolen pensions. You asked! You say?
I have been working to get a democrat mayor of Omaha in May. Working person by person getting message out. #offthesidelines
Social media. Want to do more. Peaceful acts exercising our Constitutional rights. Gutless @GOP afraid of our Constitution.
Emailing/calling my Senators and representative, tweeting, marching.
Marching, calling, emailing,  spreading the word
Calling Senators & Representatives daily to express my views on Cabinet appointments and bills.
Going to town halls, calling state & fed reps, donating, becoming immigrant advocate-being an American fighting for USA
Phone banking for Jon @ossoff!
What is Dem leadership doing, Senator? Every citizen I know is donating, marching, signing, outraged. Help us.
Postcards and political poetry. Women's march.
I hosted a small house party for the ACLU People Power live streamed training session yesterday! 
Signing petitions, sending weekly postcards, attending rallies when I can... Please keep fighting the good fight!
I call Republican offices regularly now about issues.
.@SenGillibrand R u/SenSchumer selecting/suggesting possible US attorney replacement?What happens 2 ongoing investigations/requests 4 SDNY?
I've joined #OFAFellows fellows,trained w @CAWP_RU And am an @AspenInstitute fellow working for equality
by exposing your #Feminist #Lies
I have been donating money to the RNC and the NRA #offthesidelines
Tweeting, calling senators, letter writing
#offthesidelines I wrote an email to multiple papers about lack of town hall and did phone interview on it for a local paper
subscribed. Tweeted. hash-tagged. petitioned. Protested. Donated. Resisted.
Still not respecting the peaceful transition of power? Can't accept losing and your responsible answer it so sow unrest? Sick
ignorant squirrel
meeting with Resistance Gps. Calling Rep Peter King everyday to express my displeasure with his positions
Calling out the scourge of sexual assault in the military and on school campuses.
Writing my senators and rep, attending town halls, attended ACLU People Power training & engaging in internet debates.
I've been trying to listen to the other side to unite us some how, especially over healthcare. It's not going so well...
I'm here with a group who have been calling you and our other reps about issues re Trump's agenda!
calling you at least daily, among other things 
supporting candidates at the state and local level.
I'm at a Solidarity Sunday and we're leaving messages and writing postcards to you now.
@IndivisibleTeam @IndivisibleNY @IndivisibleTeam #Indivisible
Marching, calling, mailing, emailing, reading...
You're pathetic!
