Thank you for your unwaivering commitment to public education.  #NoonDeVos
Thank you. You did your best.
You are a fraud. Soon all public servants will be drug tested and made public.  MAGA 
@ursaluna @Medium If our children's future mean anything to u decision must not get that office at all cost their futureCount
Sidwell accepts poor kids on vouchers until 2008.
Obama stops voucher program.
Dems value Union $$$, NOT poor kids.
Thank you for your votes!
You just want to protect the Union instead of fixing the failing public school system. Charter Schools work!!!
Thank you, the other Democrats and the 2 Republicans (Lisa Murkowski & Susan Collins) for trying. For want of one more vote!
why do you keep losing to these guys? Unbelievable
your concerns have been rejected by the people Kristen, why is the Dem party trying to commit suicide?
Hahahahaha! the talkathon did not work. Betty Devos was confirmed!! Our children win! We need a change in education!
Thank you Senator.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH for standing up to incompetence and voting against DeVos and other unqualified nominees! #ClassAct
hope you can influence just one more vote against!!!!!!!!!!
@eddyrogerparker @Medium Republicans obviously care nothing for this country or CHILDREN -only money
is the objective of this admin to break all of our public institutions? Seriously.
Seriously, it actually is. Look into President Bannon's history and statements.
@SenSchumer  Thank you & @SenateDems (& @SenatorCollins & @lisamurkowski) for putting up such a good fight on our behalf!
Thank you
I agree. I hope you will fight just as hard on the Senate floor against Tom Price, who can do far more damage than DeVos.
@chuckschumer so proud of my senators. So disappointed in the senate. I have students who better follow their conscience.
EVERY DEMOCRAT DOING TV INTERVIEWS NEEDS TO LABEL HER REPUBLICAN SUPPORTERS... THE BIG $MONEY SWAMP!
Thank you for standing against the Trump nominees - none of whom are appropriate.
We won!!  You lose!!!!
Senator, you're one of the only members of Congress worth your seat. I only wish that I lived in NY to vote for you.
would love to see her school transcripts...
thank you for fighting for our education and our future.
I like her!
THANK YOU for having integrity + voting NO on all of drumpf's cabinet picks. Thankful to have you representing NY right now.
Thank you for opposing Betsy DeVos! She's wrong for Americans' education! #VoteNoDevos
the concerns about teachers unions being put above the children is real. How much does the union donate to you?
to continue, the salaries are bloated & the teachers make more $$$ than our congressmen & women; & State Senators, & US Sen.!
Schools make too much $$ through Fed & State aid & nobody monitors what the $$ is used for. Our kids get copy paper not books
what can we do to stop it?
I support your vote on DeVos.  What to do about all those other cabinet picks equally bad?  Keep fighting for us!!
Betsy and Donald have a lot in common.  Neither has any experience or knowledge in the jobs they want-two Classics.
please vote no.   And find a few more republicans to save our schools and vote no.   Please.
what do you need us to do?
UR AMAZING!!! 
Thank you thank you thank you!
Me and my family really appreciate you having a backbone. This is the time for the rest of Congress to wake up!
The concerns with #SenatorSessions are just as "real". These two nominees must be fully vetted.
Hard to take your recommendation seriously when you take advice and money from teacher's union. $ 4 ur campaign.
Thank you. Vote no
thank you for standing up for our children!
KG you are on the front lines. Thank you!!!!!
thank you for standing up for what's right! #sayNOtoDeVos
Senator, pls find one more ''so called'' GOP member to join you, we are almost there...
Thank you so much for you leadership and integrity, Senator! Wish I had a Senator like you! #dcstatehood
Happy 2 have u as my senator and 4 sticking up 4  Americans who want and need strong public schools.
@SheWhoVotes @Medium I am so glad to hear you speaking out. I am in TN. Our children will suffer if Devos gets nominated.

Watch this video and shudder... #StopDeVos https://twitter.com/FedUpWNarcissts/status/826104193979207680 …
If you listened more, fought less you might become halfway good Senator. But you won't, you can't, you are a liberal
feels like Reps are simply ignoring people's voices and following like sheep. Your thoughts?
one more Republican who actually cares about the Constitution  and Education  needs to STAND UP.
why is it a problem? U mean ignorance and plagiarism aren't ok? Keep 'me honest Senator #RESISTANCE
@SheWhoVotes @Medium I hope @SenToomey is listening in PA & putting our kids interests ahead of his party's interest
FAT CHANCE
keep up the fight against DeVos for Ed Sec
thank you Senator. Loved your confirmation questions. You got my support!
Damn right! Who in their right mind would offend the NEA.Besides,you need their donations. How much did you receive?
Vote no!
@shewhovotes. Thank you, Senator, we have to fight this. The woman is totally unqualified for such an important task. I'm mad
You clearly haven't done your research about DeVos, nor do you 'get' public ed.
Yes we must! She "Devos" is totally unqualified...
@nancychando @Medium Thank You i wish all Senators listened to their constituents instead of bowing to a fake President
disagreement over DeVos views doesn't equal unqualified
She is absolutely unqualified.
Thanks for supporting our students and public education!
Don't forget Pruitt. He is more dangerous than DeVos.
Plagiarism alone should disqualify her. Not to mention she isn't qualified.
she is not fit to substitute teach let alone run the dept of education Gillibrand/Brown 2020
tell that to the @SenateGOP that took donations from her and are voting yes! #DumpDevos #theresistance
We need just few more sane senators like Kirsten. The world, especially America would be a better place
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand, for your stance on DeVos.
Just pick someone against common core. Not an educational union pick.  Betsy not the answer, then have a better one
thank you for continuing to hold your ground.
Devos...Pseud Christian religious indoctrination for the kiddies.
thank you
as a citizen of MI the DeVos family is an embarrassment. they got there money on a pyramid scheme. #deleteAmway
Absolutely...and the facts are being ignored and cannot be any longer.  Those with expertise know.  #votethefacts
glad you are still going to work and not protesting like others
Thank you, Senator.  Please convince one of your Republican colleagues to join Sens Collins and Mukalski to do likewise.
thank you for    having a spine and voting your conscience while other senators vote for campaign $$$ #DeVosvote
retweet to create a Twitter storm of opposition! We just have 2 more days to fight! #StopDeVos
- my special needs child would sincerely appreciate it if the Senate votes no on #DeVos. IDEA is at stake.
Why didn't u & @SenSchumer listen to #America re ACA? Now retirees are losing $500 a month to pay for Medicare result of #ACA
- sounds like you want your Medicare for free...should've let Dems enact #1Plan1Payer system.
Don't want it for free. Don't want to pay more for people who pay nothing for healthcare! #refugees
- I have an epileptic child, Medicaid saved her life at 7 months old. I was in grad school and no ins.
Then stop tweeting bout and please go get the votes to stop her nomination.
vote no
Betsy DeVos is a nightmare for  every child in a K-12 public school or attending a State University or has a student loan.
.@SenGillibrand @Medium This should not be allowed to happen!
GOP senators voting on #DeVos have received $115,000 from her & $950,000+ from her family. 

RT to say our public schools are not for sale. https://twitter.com/huffpostpol/status/827324598647664648 …
the less educated a public is the easier it is to manipulate and misinform. The easier it is to instill fear.
Gurl, you should run for President 
not a fan a DeVos...but you are bound to Hillary, whereby making you irrevelant. Upstaters have your days counted!
Gillibrand for re-election!!!
the civil rights violations in ACA are real @CivilRights needs to prosecute you for your bigotry racism & felony actions
I'm with you !
Thank you for all you do.
Absolutely correct. Thank you, Senator!
helpful ... do you have statements for each Cabinet nominee such as Chao who only a few (including yourself) voted against?
(and Nikki Haley, who might be a special case but is still Cabinet rank, who you did vote for)
Thank you Senator for standing up against a supremely unqualified nominee. Signed, one of many grateful New Yorkers

we HAVE listened! PLEASE convince one more Republican to vote against her!!  Who shall we call?
I just read how u have opposed all the heinous picks but Haley. Thank u 4holding true to beliefs!!
How much money did you get from the Teacher's union for your campaign???
Irrelevant...this is related to DeVos' qualifications how? Let's hear your argument for DeVos.
you know, we need to do more of this offense instead of getting defensive. Thanks.
1. the opposing "party" is trying to prevent each & every one of Trump's choices, no matter what!
Gee, that sounds familiar...
@SenDeanHeller She has a point. Care to weigh in?
agree
Thank You
