It's still antithetical to our American values. It still goes against what the Statue of Liberty has always stood for.
u dont even know what statue of liberty means. It didnt say let possible terrorists in try reading it again lefty
It means we take the people fleeing the terrorists. 

It also means we don't fall victim to  fear mongering
If you Google 8 U. S. Code 1182 (f) you'll see that what you've stated is false
Mark - 1182(f) applies to non-immigrants like tourists or students, but not immigrants. Please read more.
Perhaps you missed reading the term "any class of immigrant" in 8 USC 1182 (f)
I didn't miss anything. Read further:
Thx for Cato link Just read it Need time to vet the claims author made
@LACAElBuenAmigo opposes travel bans targeting any group of people for their ethnicity or religious affilitation.
Then YOU pick up the tab because US is tired of it!
You live in a community with people of all faiths and backgrounds. If you are not happy here, leave.
If You Did NOT Arrive Legally AND Are Not Still Here Legally, YOU FIRST!!! I pay taxes to MY OWN ss#!
We welcome all immigrants. Regarding their tax contribution, you might read this article.
Of course, so is lobbying to admit those who might molest our children, right? Wanna discuss Tanveer Hussain?
Of course she doesn't neither does @SenSchumer. They're responsible 4 pushing a child molester through the visa process after he was denied
u don't respond 2our direct rqsts 2ur office 2support #travelban & keep us safe. Instead u want more terrorists. Y? @POTUS
She does nothing unless it fits into her agenda...
#NY needs to vote out #Gillibrand. she needs to be tried for #sedition, disobeying #trump orders #DTS
She thinks she can be the next Killary!  The problem is she is a sexist traitor that people see thru.
she wnts2 knock off S Ct justices ambassdrs police attys patriots, hve #pay4play?? #globalist #LockHerUp
I am especially concerned with the apparently heartless way it seperates families. #MuslimBan http://onemanrevolution.org/podcast/  will be commenting.
So proud to call you MY Senator! TKU for your bravery and tireless service.
of course u hve #flaghijab avatar -so disrespectful of this nation, our flag. Stop #refugees #sharia YayBan
Quit with fake rhetoric meant to divide. There are some 43 other Muslim nations not on list, it is a terrorist ban !
Put on ur listening ears! NOT MUSLIM band! Temporary slow down to vet thoroughly ppl coming from countries that want us dead! R u that dense
Muslims can still come here from many other countries.
But the #MuslimBan is handy if you're trying to keep a critic from speaking out. #KhizrKhan #Resist
.@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @jasoninthehouse #GOP STILL support a #SoCalledPOTUS harassing #GoldStar father #KhizrKhan. #Resist #TrumpRussia 
Reading comprehension not your strength? "Case by case basis." Ask KG & CS about the pedophile they let in to NY!
Then why does it affect Zhizr Khan, an American citizen, attorney, Constitutionalist and gold-star father?
Funny, no proof that it has! He is not here on a visa, he has an American passport. #MediaLiedAgain #LiberalBS
How cold-hearted, discriminatory & detrimental 2 our security is it 4U & @SenSchumer 2 willingly deliberately & intentionally put USA @ risk
#muslimban is an attempt to poke at ISIS. He's not looking out for this country's welfare. He's looking to start a war.
I'd add "discriminatory" and "unAmerican."
#MuslimBan
#MuslimBan2
THAT  is a SICK statement!  SHAMEon you!
do you mean like the ban Carter did, or like for Obama. Or is this just anti Republican rhetoric.
and hopefully still illegal.
, totally right. we Trump is not creating JOBS or health care alternative. Keep distracting us from his own promises.
And, necessary
Don't you have to do something?
As is your despicable promotion of the right to kill unborn children. You know: glass houses . . . stones....
Please expand, after you tell us how many Muslim refugees  you have living with you. @SenGillibrand @POTUS
No, out of work, homeless Americans thanks to Liberal immigration is coldhearted, discriminatory. #AmericanFirst
@edenriegel @POTUS NOT A MUSLIM BAN! Obama did the same thing. No 1 was kicking and screaming. Like I always say "WITCH HUNT"
Obama did not do the same thing. That talking point reveals where you get your "news."
I don't keep up with what California I say Trump's is better because he is going to make sure we R Safe
want to know what you think if ur family is wiped out in the next terrorists attack & just maybe was preventable
If only you and Chuckie had pushed for a snowshoer ban!
Would allowing un-vetted visitors from the 6 countries be safer? Local vetting would allow all once it's established
Discriminatory because it only includes 6 of the 50 mostly Muslin countries?
pretty sure your progressive,leftist, anti American views are detrimental to our country. 
And coming up..#novoteforyou
why don't you advocate and push for open borders?
let's discuss Sweden Senator.....how's that working out? The rape game? No go zones? Hmm How about ISIS claims?
Anyone expecting it to be better really has no grasp on reality...
You'd probably do better in Europe shoveling this pile of 
Repeat after me Travel Ban, T R A V E L   B A N
Keep fighting the oppressors in DC!
No its not you partisan hack  let em live in your house
you didn't complaint when Obama did it.  Hypocrite!
cold hearted and unforgivable is defending Muslims like San Bernadino- Pulse nightclub- Ft Hood- 911- etc. Sen Coward
how......
?
No, actually people like YOU are!
no it's not! You Dems never learn, 2018 will be epic for the GOP!
meanwhile anything that disagrees Muslim faith in certain countries is a cold hearted, discriminatory, & detrimental
You just described the dimocrat party.
How could it possibly be detrimental!? Are u insinuating that Muslims the so called peaceful religion would retaliate?
it's a TRAVEL ban.Where does it say Muslim ban?You are obviously in the wrong job-you do not want to protect citizens
...take a wander around Malmö or Paris outskirts. Detrimental is a word you won't use when/if you return.
Who says?
your face is cold hearted.
do u know what is coldhearted? Allowing terrorism because u are too pilitically correct to offend a terrorist.
can you really be that ignorant!!!!!
it is not a Muslim ban it's a 3-4 month ban of 6 countries to help with vetting. A Jewish ban by18 Muslim countries is
shut up do you know how much safer America will be a lot. Look at European country's who let Muslims in its horrible
we have to be more inclusive and embrace those different from us
We do embrace, right after they are properly vetted and prove that they will be contributing Americans!
Add unconstitutional to the long list of prescient descriptions that our Delusional POTUS is selling after last mess.
You can receive a free copy of the Constitution by contacting your representative. The @POTUS is legal!
So tell us Senator Gillibrand: how SAFE did YOU & @SenSchumer make 12y/o child who was sexually molested by the Muslim athlete U helped?
.@SenGillibrand Wahhhh! Should have worked harder to get #ImmigrationReform w/ #Obama then. Oh wait, he was #DeporterInChief @kirp24 @POTUS
how is it a Muslim ban when 90% of the worlds Muslims are not banned
Dems blinders on & deaf as usual to what US wants. The end to the open door into America. Security measure are bad????
we don't want to be the rape capital of the world like Sweden.They imported so many migrants and can't leave the house
So you care so much Ms. Gillibrand...why do i hear u will not seek reelection?  The country needs you in the Senate.
Roses are red, Trump is orange, Nothing rhymes with orange....Fascism is bad.
Okay...you're from NY so that explains a lot. Wouldn't want to offend ISIS & discriminate against their troops
That's sums up Trump.
https://twitter.com/markdice/status/838832189353570304 …
<--- Are u in with the Obama's? We don't need any more refugees here. How many live with you?  @POTUS
I support all you are doing but #recusalisnotenough - Sessions can no longer credibly depose a a witness. He must resign.

You poor excuse so called American you and the rest of you UNAMERICANS anything happens you will have blood on your hands! 
Dems "coldhearted, discriminatory, and detrimental to our security." Calling it 'Muslim Ban' is lie.
temporary suspension of entry from highest risk areas is rational & sensible irrespective of religion, race or creed @POTUS
you've got to be kidding. Read what it's about. Think about what the words mean.
.@SenGillibrand Yet .@CNN .@MSNBC continue 2lead w the false narrative 45*  spewing #MuslimBan #repealobamacare  #RealNews [(*illegitimate)
will you spend a week in a refugee camp with no security to demonstrate just that?
Dear @SenGillibrand: Travel ban is detrimental to our security?  This is embarrassing. Can you please focus on policy and stop the nonsense?
Get with the program that is why @POTUS was elected, the Wall is next, you will lose your Senate seat.
THERE IS NO MUSLIM BAN!! Why aren't you more concerned about national security???
defeat ISIS and then lets talk
it's NOT a Muslim ban!  and how is this detrimental to our safety? Seems the opposite.
So what, so what and I don't think so.
times have changed.  Now trump is president our country is gonna be much better than ever before.  Go trump.
if Muslims are as peaceful as the letters claims how could this damage our security?Answer: they aren't and it won't.
@JuddApatow @POTUS Why don't you liberals understand is that it is NOT A MUSLIM BAN? #MAGA
it is not a Muslim ban. You wouldn't what the Statue of Liberty was if it fell on you. Dems on a false narrative
Capatualat, Your security is guaranteed 
Turn your self into a concubine, your security is guaranteed!
How fam how?
@Ez4u2say_Janis @POTUS Pass it on
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=7WqzAitgFMU …
says you. Can you do your job just one day in a week. Give it a try.

Pls help Canada's Tommy Robinson, #EricBrazau https://youtu.be/yfp__37rJyI 
 
He is a counter-Sharia activist being persecuted by the State
it is nota Muslim ban. Reality-We want safety and those countries host radical Islamist terror and no reliable Govt. @POTUS
lol. Muslims are a violent intolerant brainwashed cult following a false god pushing their beliefs on everyone.
Detrimental to security because it might make moslems become terrorists, even thought terrorism has nothing to do with Islam?
MORE COLD HEARTED TO TAKE FROM OUR VETS, ELDERLY AND CHILDREN OF AMERICA!!!!
some might say @SenGillibrand  is cold hearted, she discriminates and is bad for my family's security #upstatematters
. Please see a shrink
. Your really crazy do you got a clue what's going on in Europe because of being so open.
sorry gurl coming here is a privilege
@IrfanaTK @POTUS #Gillibrand2020 is all I will say!
BS
He needs a psychological exam, please someone
what else would you expect from a self-serving dictator?
please tell me how @potus protected our country from refugees w Islamic Radical ties is being discriminatory?  #Dillusuional
@jimbinder and then you read something like this article
there are a lot of ridiculous things going on right now.
Do you know how many times car parts cross the border between Windsor and Detroit? NAFTA & FTA implications?
Absolutely the EXACT opposite and the reason Trump won.
Everything 45 does is horrid. #Impeach45
seriously? Then why don't you take them in your home @SenGillibrand ?
and you're still stupid if you believe what you just tweeted. @POTUS
Wrong, Senator. Our security depends on strong borders. Which "American values" are you defending here, precisely?
@ When Americans and our allies were beheaded and you,Pelosi And Schumer stood silently by that is detrimental to r security.
So was the #badirandeal you voted for.
YOUR partisanship is coldhearted, discriminatory and detrimental to our society!  Do Your Job!
I'm sorry I thought Radical Islamic Terrorists killing innocents was coldhearted mean and detrimental to our security
Well that's just too damn bad.
it's okay to bomb them just don't ban them.. this is why he won your totally dishonest
just like you went out of your way, to allow a questionable individual in to Saranac Lake to molest a child?
No chess player, you see only one move. USA now faces Muslim-related cultural challenges, a next Europe?
I know you like letting in Muslims who rape kids like the Indian you fought for. You are sick.
We do not have nor will we have open borders deal with it. I know it's in ur Allinsky plan
If it was a #Muslims then these countries would be banned. Educate yourself
If you have a problem with this you should consider resigning since  you are not for the protection of
No, YOU r detrimental to our security. U better uphold #trump order, unlike #chucky let in #rapists #criminals #sedition
Senator Gillibrand  you are embarrassing us NY &USA people !You & Chucky sound like lil babies that don't get your way
how
why didn't anyone say this when Obama did this on Iraq.
U mean detrimental to becoming future Democrat voters.  If they voted overwhelming Republican then U would support it.
Give me a break Gilli-Cutty, you politicians want to bring these people in because they are guaranteed votes for demoC
.@sengillibrand @potus Thank you. Sen Gillibrand! Trump is unfit to serve.
Amazing how you said nothing about Obama's travel ban. Partisan hackery is antithetical to our democracy & American values.
our security needs to be secure. It's necessary to keep them out!
You want to know what's coldhearted? Not giving a flying flip about the ultimate safety of your American constiuents.
go after him
Proud @SenGillibrand is my senator. Thank you for fighting on the right side of history.
Even though it's virtually identical to same edicts by Bamma. "Cool"Liberals are the new fascist Globalist slave dogs.
Its still unAmerican, Trumps just tweeked it,  will someone please stand up and say 'Enough',
radical Islamic terrorism requires different approaches and this is one
It's NOT a Muslim ban!! Why do you Dumcrats insist on twisting fact to easier for your agenda? #AmericaFirst
No you are on the wrong side of history. But you don't care if Americans die.
It's also unnecessary. The vetting process is enough and wouldn't have sent this unwelcoming message.
So is the United States of America!
n Trump is right and you wrong. How many Americans will die just so you can feel noble.
It isn't a Muslim ban. It's a ban against terrorists & their supporters. It is un-American to not support our safety!
what's cold-hearted is being ok with letting terrorists into OUR country to kill us. extreme vetting is necessary
Ummm...NO NO AND NO. You either stand with security for America or Against...it appears you are against...
Why don't u talk to Tulsi Gabbard (D) from Hawaii, she said our government armed ISIS! She went to Syria! Why don't u go too!
It is not a Muslim BAN Senator! It is a travel ban from countries with TERRORISTIC activity! Go to Mideast then report ok!

read the law, bimbo.
Wrong, Wrong, Wrong and Wrong. Please edit your tweet to reflect accurately. @POTUS knows best vs lying politician like you
DEMS put foreigners before US. They don't care about our rights. They seem to hate us!
I want u to explain it then! Take a look at Europe! I would like u POLS to start solving problems in US bf taking refugees!
