If ins companies can't cooperate maybe it's time to implement single payer Premiums based on income Negotiate drug prices People demand it
I don't demand it. I demand free market healthcare.
Not only that, jim responded with facts while proud Libby just disagreed....why in the world do they want the Feds controlling everything
And the best way to do that is to have a Government Insurance plan that the for profits have to compete with
What is it with the STUPIDITY of Dems when it comes to economics?
What is it with the STUPIDITY of @GOP when it comes to Economics? They keep trying, trying & failing over and over with TRICKLE DOWN piss
What is it about democrats that they don't understand basic economics?
Yeah because we certainly keep preaching the failed Trickle Down Economic Theory (or piss on the middle class & poor) NOT
That's why the US needs a single payer system.  Profit and sickness are - or should be - mutually exclusive.
California was pushing single payer for the state, but killed it because they couldn't afford it.  But sure, let's do it for the whole US.
Healthcare for profit is immoral.
Immoral? Let's see! If I want to pay for my own healthcare-WRONG But it's GOOD that I should pay for everyone else's?
Nothing new about the insurance Companies. The best way to go is single payer or as Bernie says, Medicare for all.
Insurance companies "buying Senators"  needs to end . Get rid of Citizens United.
I guess you people STILL don't realize you LOST the election and don't call the shots!
Yes...that is what companies do....have you ever worked for a living...or just suckled at the govt tet
U have done nothing to help the cause.  Not enough to identify problem and ignore it.
if congress didn't have an illegal healthcare subsidy they may have more interest in fixing the problem. push to remove your illegal subsidy
Insurance companies always put profit over people, that is the very nature of what they do
Democrats must add Universal Healthcare to their platform or will lose members of the party.
There will never be universal health care as it will break the country.
Actually,  will save $.
California costs for universal healthcare will cost $400 BILLION per year! And that's just California!
Eliminate insurance companies. They are the reason for high costs.
Government is the reason costs are high
Republicans have been buying stock in the companies they are trying to help. That is called corruption in case you don't know.
Would you please post your proof in this area?
So why do you want to Bail them out with Billions of Taxpayer dollars. I can't wait until we NYers vote you out in 2018
...and pharmaceutical companies, and hospital profits should be regulated.
Unbelievable! Venezuela here we come!!
Instead of complaining with blah,blah,blah,come up with a plan that will work.obamacare failed just as his presidency did.Stop obstructing.
Nor is #Obamacare failing. It's provided healthcare to millions, and saved my life. Just sayin'
so important - we need to regulate insurer loss ratios, cap profits, cap exec salaries, require sufficient (if any) networks, no surprises
You have a PHD? Really? Educated in Cuba or behind the iron curtain?
Could 5 Dem women Sens & 5 GOP women Sens work together to draft a truly bipartisan HC Bill? 
10 women doing the job 13 men couldn't. YES!!
When money is no object....it is easy to do everything
Time to go to universal health care--to much profit for insurance co's, drug co's, suppliers etc.!
You don't appear to know much about it or how the government (democrats) created this mess to begin with.
19% of GDP for health care? Life expectancy rank 32nd. My last drug cost $1,161.12 while same from Canadian Drug $195.71. Why?
If you'd like to follow a democrat plan you will see the cost go up another 10 points. California ALONE would cost $400 billion per year!
I can't BELIEVE all of the economically clueless supporting single payer! Don't you people realize that California would cost $400bil year?
Yes a real problem
Take all of their income combined and it is less than $0.50 per us person.
How about we challenge the notion that we need insurance companies? Universal healthcare, now. We can do it.
Ever go to the dmv...or watch the vets get no treatment...? Why do you want that? It is a fairy tale brother
No. Just tyrannical statists like you, madam!
@SenGillibrand We disagree on many things, but this is not one of them. They are utterly corrupt. Paying $0, pushing all cost and risk down.
Yep, but your biggest challenge will be to kick the Zionists out of the USA.  How's that anti-BDS campaign of yours going, Sen. Gillibrand?
IF YOU TRULY WANT TO FIX HEALTH CARE GOVERNMENT NEEDS TO GET OUT BEFORE THE PEOPLE HAVE HEALTH CARE LIKE THE VA
LOL #medicareForAll folks....you really want the gov't telling you what procedures you can and cannot get?  That's what will happen.
The biggest challenge we have is congress putting politics and greed over the American people. Your salary is paid by us, theirs private.
I'm sorry that you, and the Democratic Party keep taking campaign contributions from insurance companies- medicaid4all
Cut out the middlemen
??  They have contracts. And to think a private company wants to make a profit - great isn't it?  God bless America.
how does that stop docs from charging $175.00 for a 20 min off visit?  You still don't get it - IT'S THE MED COMM WHO PUT PROFITOVER PEOPLE
#IfTheyDontKnowTheDifferenceBetween
#VoluntaryAndInvoluntary
#MedicalWelfareAndMedicalInsurance
#TheyDontBelongInCongress #AtAll
How about at least let us know up front what that checkup costs? MRI?  Blood test?  We shop for stuff like cell phones. Why not healthcare?
YOU LIBTARDS GOT NO PROBLEM PUTTING YR OWN SELVES OVER THE PPL.
They're n business..as is MAS in NYS look how bad it is!
No Repeal
Fix

Dump Trump Pence Ryan McConnell &all GOP Reps voting for ACA repeal.
Liberalism is a mental disorder
Single-payer.
And republicans putting donor profits over people.
The same thing the ACA did. You can keep your Dr., not. Your premium will not change, lower deductible, not not not!
obamacare is a huge disaster
Maybe a good starting place is for members of Congress to stop taking money from them?
You mandated Americans buy the insurance! You put insurance companies over freedom for Americans. Why don't you just resign now Gellybrain?
Single payer No more health insurance companies #MedicareForAll
You put your interests over the interests of most Americans .
Except for you and a few other brave souls, the discussion have not been about people. Thank you for continuing to speak up - and out.
Yes! We need to remove the perverse incentives inherent in our current system. We need single payer.
Please note medical malpractice situation impeding cost control
Drug costs as well
Single payer or not for profit needed. Medicare for all.
You're just figuring that out now? That should have been in the obamacare bill before you passed it
It's core to the problem. Insurers have stock holders to answer to. I can't fault them for being successful. It's s fundamental issue.
And pharmaceutical companies as well!
Wait! I thought Obama care was perfect.
Always have and always will that's why we need single payer or universal health care
Yep, insurance companies are the problem. Period.
An and added challenge is to stop @GOP for party and dark money over people. All go hand in hand
Actually the biggest cause of increased cost is frivolous lawsuits. Profit is pennies on the dollar. Look it up.
Maybe a private company with a profit motive shouldn't administer healthcare? Just an idea.
Offer a public option with simple, automatic opt-in and let the market solve that problem.
Of course that's the problem. That's why we have to bail them out. Your dishonesty and or ignorance is disgusting.
Just like government, what a coincidence.
It's the same old story.Why can't we limit ins co profits?Put a cap on CEO salaries,athletes salaries etc. Take that surplus and help needy
Does an immigrant from the Dominican Republic need to make $5mil/yr because he can hit a baseball. He has a 5th grade education and I'm sure
Would be happy with 500k, which is more money than his entire village earns. Use the surplus to assist healthcare.# what about Capitalism
What's wrong with profits?  If the govt gets out of the way the quality will improve & market forces will drive out cost with Tort reform.
Hear! Hear! With the exception of elective plastic surgery, no health related business should profit from human misery. ...
This includes specifically pharma, hospital, clinic, insurance. None should issue public stock. All subject to oversight, profit limits
And the government putting profits over people...
Unfortunately a for profit system is designed that way! Let's get single payer!
Single Payer or BUST!
I mean isn't that capitalism in a nutshell
we don't need a socialized medicine-opens door to govt control- death panels- withholding drugs-look at great britain-SEND $ TO STATES
Make them non-profit.
But "Profits" is the only purpose of a for-prifit corporation. They seeve no other function by design.
We need single payer so instead of insurance companies getting rich it can be corrupt politicians.
Oh great blame insurance companies not the over reaching horrible healthcare plan you voted on before you read it#shame
Hey nasty do you know how many additions were made at the last minute that only O and his minions saw!
I hope we do not have to wait until 2018 to fix things that need fixing! Keep the positive ideas flowing. Thanks
Not surprising!
No Democrats put path to single payer over people, passed failed bill  & subsidized insurance companies to keep it afloat. Tell the truth.
Yes. Single payer with higher taxes for top percent. But other challenge: vindictive Pres who is threatening to cut funds this month

The big, unspoken problem is health insurance companies being allowed to make a profit at all. Every other health care system is nonprofit.
How can an insurance company run as an nonprofit, please tell me how that would work out???
That's exactly how it works in Germany, Switzerland and many other countries that don't have Single-Payer health care systems. It works.
That's why I wish we could adopt Finnish healthcare model. Similar to our public sch system. You just go to local clinic. No insur signup!
@NoFascistsPls     Medicare for all structure would eliminate this
Am a firm believer that we can put people first AND afford profit to insurance companies!  Healthcare for ALL! 
#chargemaster
This is the reason we should have some form of single payer, with health care being a non for profit enterprise
of course they do, they have investors to PLEASE AND PAY.. is why we need a single payor system to bring these companies in line!!!
Single. Payer.
They are a FOR-PROFIT Business, just like YOU are a FOR-PROFIT Senator.
Let us all know when you are ready to get in the game senator cause right now you need to get off the field
BS.  And there is your problem and you are no better then the repubs. The big challenge should be to lower OA cost make it more affordable
And government putting power over people. Insurance companies not the problem politicians are the problem.
Get rid of your subsidy and lets go from there.
Improve, not fix, please. Don't give GOP ammo to try and blow it up again.
This is why services like this need to be taken up by the gov't: get the profit motive out of human services.
I always wondered why we weren't calling out insurance companies, with their huge profits. Sinful.
Yeah because it says not for profit on the front door. Clueless
Isn't that the way your President Obama set it up Tina?
As is our president.  Every step of the way.
No you did.
Abolish them entirely.
Perhaps we should join the rest of the developed world and recognize that healthcare and profit motive's are incompatible
We need to get rid of citizens united and start capping ratios.
#singlepayerny.org
Just incase we decide to switch to single payer. Simply fuck the rest.
I also think if they want to bully and pull out, let's give some incentive for someone else to step in. No windfall but a chance to shine.
Two words: Single Payer @SenSchumer @RepSeanMaloney #healthcare #SinglePayer @SenSanders
Two more words - free market.
or we can work on single payer and stay comfortable, balanced. We gotta get Alec, Koch's, Mercer's Birch, NRA outta of it.
#MedicareForAll
Now we can say we can dwindle people, throw them out of their homes, let them declare bankruptcy so the never get paid.
Well somehow we have to make them decide on whether they want to stay in business as opposed to people wanting to live.
AMEN! Look at what Ins. Co.'s are Paying out in STOCK DIVIDENDS! Profiting from sickness is the Ultimate fleecing of America!
But it can be argued that corporations are designed to do put profits first. It's the job of government to make rules that prevent abuses.
We can't fault them for doing what for-profits are supposed to do. Maybe we shouldn't allow for-profit companies to run healthcare?
Spot on. Shameful for health to be a "for-profit" business! #singlepayer
REGULATE them. They should be allowed to make a healthy profit but not gouge people and make obscene profit and jack rates sky high yearly.
Thank you, Senator. Keep fighting for the American people!
http://www.npr.org/2017/08/01/540100976/drug-puts-a-750-000-price-tag-on-life?utm_campaign=storyshare&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_medium=social …
That's 1/3rd of the battle. The cost of medications is another 1/3rd and let's not forget the cost of actual medical care.
https://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/contrib.php?cycle=2016&type=I&cid=N00027658&newMem=N&recs=100 …
Pfizer, New York life and all of walk street! You're a hypocrite
Senator how much money have you taken from insurance and Pharma?
Where is pharma and for-profit health systems in this tweet?!
Not just insurers. Many of the #healthcare plans are non-profit (KP, Geisinger). All profits should be reigned in; Rx, devices, hospitals
Funny how rarely politicians mention the root problem: exorbitant profit for Pharma, some HC professionals, hospitals & more
Cloaked pitch for single payer
NO ONE should profit when it comes my healthcare except me. #SinglePayer #UniversalHealthcare
#HealthCare should not be for profit... it should be...
For the People!
They're capitalists. Why is anyone surprised when they do what they're designed to do? Try socialism. #MedicareForAll
What about for profit hospitals & providers? Check out John Oliver's segment on kidney dialysis providers.
I will check that out, thanks. #SinglePayer #UniversalHealthCare
How about cutting out that element in our system that makes my health their profit margin? How about #SinglePayer like other G20s?!
God help us! Businesses with the nerve to try and make a profit. The insanity!!!
How about lawyers suing everyone and juries awarding ridiculous judgments causing insurance rates to skyrocket?  Talk Tort reform.
And you putting politics over people. Lots of similarities
Can you get a CBO score on Medicare for all? Any studies? Is this being taken seriously?
Lol lol lol
Bypass the insurance companies altogether-unnecessary burdens on the system and main driver of costs.
Falling right in line with putting party over the American people. Sigh.
Cost of ins. is expensive bc TREATMENT is expensive. Fix cost drivers:PhRMA, PBMs, hosp...when beholden 2 shareholders, costs go up not down
There are so many layers of denials and approvals (I'm an RN case manager, I work with ins co.s daily). We need single payer/universal HC.
Okyour in the industry , how and who will pay for univ HC or single payer
We look to other countries that have successful programs and model after that. Prob inc taxes but no premiums, net gain.
Yes sizeable income tax increase which would hurt the economy! Can't compare to other countries. All much smaller and none are already
I'd rather pay more in taxes and no premiums, cheaper. I'd rather have all ensured so when I need the ED or a hospitalization I can get in.
I'd also like my CURRENT taxes to pay for healthcare, infrastructure, education, climate change & much less on military-industrial complex
Lol without the military you won't need health care!! Look at your own state your being taxed to death fir very little benefit infra crmblng
Isn't that what companies are legally obligated to do, turn profits for their share holders?  The problem is that insurance exists at all.
Wouldn't it be nice to return to the days when patient paid doctor directly? NO middleman to take profit and has nothing to do with care?
That was probably one of the biggest oversights in the ACA. Insurers have never been in the business of caring for people. Why start now?
No... crap?!?!?! 

How DARE businesses try to make money, after Obamacare charges them a metric ton of fees per customer.
Insurance company's are employers who run a business. They are in business to make money. Blame inept leadership in DC .
fixed it
THIS
That's exactly right.  Capitalism makes a truly caring society almost impossible.
Medicare for all
Its time has come!
No single payer EVER. Get politics self serving asshole politicians and unelected unaccountable bureaucrats out of our healthcare
Yes, hospitals, physicians, nurse (talk to Toledo, OH RNs) Tx Team and Patients are suffering.
Insurance CO. no longer care about people.
Agree!
that's an easy challenge to tackle, many countries have fixed that problem by limiting profit on anything deemed essential service.
Start with Medicare 4 All and explain how it would save businesses, & country $ along w/giving Healthcare to everyone.
How will it be paid for ?
I'm not a pro insurance person but correct me if I'm wrong. These companies are in business to make a profit. Not a public service
No. It's Congress putting their big salaries & perks over the people. Make Congress serve with no wages & you will see who stays.
Did you just wake up from some decades old nap? Have you looked around at the current demographics of congress? #Idiocracy
I have friends like this. Congress could be 100% filled with republicans and they would still be blaming democrats equally.
It's almost like rampant capitalism doesn't belong in every sector of life. 
But you believe the government should keep subsidizing the companies with obummer care?  Lol
Profit should never enter into the equation.  Health care is a moral choice and a fundamental right that should not exist on a "market."
No... the fundamental right is to die. There is nothinf about healthcare in the Constitution
The Constitution is not the ultimate determiner of fundamental rights, it is an outline for governance.  Morality is the guide.
Also excusing evil by hiding behind the Constitution is repugnant.  Ask any three fifths of a black person.
Excusing murder, rioting, looting, and racism hiding behind supposed superiority is the height of evil... but hey, liberals will be liberals
I would agree that changing to a Medicare for all system is a big challenge to tackle but I'm glad you're announcing that you'll do it
She will say it but never do it because she'll lose to much $ look at her donors
What are your thoughts on single payer healthcare?
Because that's where the CSRs are going, right? Ins co profits!
They are public companies. In this system, that's their job, right? We need a better system.
Unlike Senators, of course.
Can't fault a business for wanting to increase their profit margins. It's on government to protect people.
you know that private companies will always put profit first.
Profit motive has no place in a healthcare system.
Bingo! Nor in schools, or prisons! #UniversalHealthCare
For profit charters out perform union public everyday everywhere
I just don't understand how we can pay a middle man who may deny our right to healthcare.#resist #fakepotus
Welcome... to capitalism. Go back to singing.
#SinglePayer pretty much takes care of that.
Alas, they forever will
Thank you Sen Gillibrand!
Democrat should not be allow to fix anything because of the following:
What about the stock market?
