BREAKING: U.S. government tells election officials in 21 states hackers targeted their systems in 2016 but most systems not breached.
Pls do not be taken in. Clint Watt said to Congress when malware uses the systems tools, it cannot be seen & waits

Yes. Persist!
@mikefarb1  is already researching it. I think he has or will be turning over evidence to the House. Check out his info.  He's done a lot.
Agreed, but the fraudulently awful report the 9/11 commission signed off on, is not a good example of finding "truth"
Investigations take time that we don't  have. 2018~corner. How do we safeguard next set of elections? Are paper ballots being considered?
You need to contact .@mikefarb1 if you haven't done so already.
* most?!?  66,000 votes have changed the course of this nation!  *most?!?
And we need to know why we're just finding out now.
Not just an investigation Has to have ability to bring charges if need be Have lots of legal things at a standstill now #LosingDemocracy
While the commission investigates, can we shut off Russia's internet access? Just out of general principle.
I've been thinking about that, too. China blocks social media platforms FB, Twitter & YouTube. Why can't sites do reverse & block Russia?
I was thinking more along the lines of flipping the switch and sending them all back to the 1970s in terms of communication.
We may want to be cautious about blocking everyone. Don't want to limit communication for those that are not Putin's puppets. 
We know where some of it is coming from tracked & updated daily by Clint watts group, see hamilton68
Because the 911 commission did such a good job..how may buildings fell that day? Anyone remember building 7????

I made buttons.
#Building7 #NIST #September11th #WTC #TwinTowers #Truther #Oil #Wars #Gold 
Thank you @SenGillibrandfor your strong, meaningful, ETHICAL leadership. 
Show me the facts that she has strong ethical leadership. Then I might be able to support your comment.
I don't give a sh@t if you support my comment. Go do your own research it's not my job to educate you.
I have done a lots of research and it's obvious you have not. I'm sure you don't care about taking input but isn't that what one should do?
With all respect, first investigate the foreign meddling that enabled 9/11, the fraud surrounding that investigation and US response.
AGREED! I thought you were proposing a bill for just this thing. Let's git 'er done
We know in our hearts Hillary should be POTUS.
Thank God she is not she is one of the biggest crooks in the world.
Trump and the GOP benefited from these criminal attacks and therefor wont investigate. But if you take help from crooks, you are one!
Help Puerto Rico!!  People are dying!!
I agree..let's go!
But which systems were breached? PA maybe or all 3 of the swing states he needed?
What about the crime that our gov. is spying on its citizens. Samantha Powers unmasking 1 American a day. Does that concern you?
No need. The president is illegitimate and must be removed from office. All laws passed by him should be rescinded; all judges removed.
please! So many things are on fire, this has to be a priority.
It's time to go back to paper for everything, but make it  paper.
But the swing States were hacked. They said most not all. GOP likes Russian money and now we are Russia deporting people attacking the press
We must never stop investing Russia hacking & influence on the 2016 election.
The democrats did more to garner voters from unqualified voters then Russia ever did. Wake up and do so validate research.
#Agreed
And paper ballots!
#PaperBallotsOnly
Agreed!
You know it was not to support Donald Trump, but you crooked mentor Hillary. Stop being a politician and be a leader for all of New Yorkers
Fake News???
Right yeah cuz the 9/11 commission really got to the truth didn't they? Omg Yanks.....seriously wtf
The key here is "most"
@ladydi1980 "Most" is not good enough with an election. Go back to #PaperBallots
@AP because the 9/11 commission really answered so many questions.  
Yes, because that will definitely get to tge truth, again.  Hahahahahahaha
I couldn't agree more. (I'm a constituent)
trump won't let that happen!!
9-11 Commission did not answer any questions.  It seemed designed to cover them up.  Criminal trials, Congr testimony under oath are better.
We need to restore all voters purged through Crosscheck, and need to get rid of all electronic voting that can not be audited with accuracy.
Complete with whitewash?
Voting-systems & Infrastructure (including Nuclear) have all been impacted by the Russian cyber-intrusion.  No one at Fed-level is alarmed?
Yes, where is our concerted Federal response to the acknowledged, ongoing cyber-hack warfare against our nation?
Senator G, make it so!
Already have our Russian investigation,  but will you dems accept the results when Mueller starts arresting the liberal democratic trash?
Yes, because the 9/11 commission did a great job..... They weren't allowed to all data, B&C refused to be under oath. It was a farce
@AP      What! You mean you don't believe the Dotard administration?
9/11 was a false flag operation to perpetuate wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. CUI BONO? The military industrial complex. Do your research....
OBL supposedly Dead, we never saw a body. We are still in Afghanistan.
Please get that rolling n
Whatever you do, it would be criminal to not consult @SGgrc and just do whatever he recommends
But Hillary can never be arrested that way! #sarcasm
Yes we do!!
Yes, but we can't afford to take years to figure this out.  Our entire election process and sovereignty are at stake right now.
Yes, please... but for 2018 PAPER BALLOTS
Why? So the American public won't find the reasoning for another (going on) 18 years?
Yes let's investigate voter fraud
New York's old mechanical voting machines were hack-proof. Bring them back nationwide.
Which is, incidentally, what HRC says she would have done, immediately, upon learning of such occurrences. #NotMyPresident
Most? How can they be hacked but not breached?
9/11-style commission?  I thought you wanted the truth so that we could take the proper actions.
democracy has left the building
 the people deserve much better than a 9-11 commission... those guys were untruthful and covered everything up. We'll never get the truth
I doubt the AP is correct that systems weren't breached
Your doing great Kirsten- but we've all known the election was hijacked & it's Treasonous, for quite some time. 
Our Democracy lost its cred
It's also time to provide federal financial resources to local election officials to secure our elections.
All on obama's watch
I'm so tired of commissions. I want impeachment, POTUS resignation, firings and a new election.
I won’t believe 2016 election results until independent investigator hired. #NotMyPresident
Are there even enough investigators for #TrumpCrimeFamily campaign, administration, cabinet #DrainTheSwamp #LockThemUp
New Yorkers agree. Please fight to make this happen!
We are under attack now, from within
A rigged election and look what it led to:  hate, graft, incompetency, lies, coverup s, injustice, attacks upon press & checks and balances
Why don't you do something productive. Work across yhe aisle and fix healthcare.  REPEAL Obamacare NOW!
Most!?

No we don't Mueller is the perfect lead man  with a nose like a bloodhound and a team of superior legal  eagles
With all due respect Monty, we need it ALL.  America’s Democracy is at stake. Mueller is excellent, but we need all weapons at hand. 
Please use another word so the nasties won't accuse you of inciting riots I know what you mean but the alts kkk not too literary
Sorry, but I’ve had enough with the dumbing down of America. If the Alt-Right losers don’t understand euphemisms, I sure ain’t explaining
Not what I meant I agree with your focus and aim I've had the experience I'm interested in ur msg getting out clear positive  laser focused
My message is my message. Please don’t suggests edits. It’s not your place to do so.  & I wouldn’t ask you to do so. Don’t smother opinion
Not my intention Paul My desire is that your words reach a larger audience I support your message passion and perseverance. Completely
appreciate that man. & I support yours. again, I’ll decide how I word my opinions. The day I allow Neo Nazis to own a word is when I quit.
'most systems not breached'does not instill much confidence #RussiaHack
Just fix the stinking healthcare!!
Most?
Can we just cut out middle man trump and get on with business under real potus putin?
Yes! Been saying that for months!
But our congress continues not to remove a man that got in office from a outside gov. Interfering w/ our election process we need to recite
We need to not recite damn autocorrect we need to have a reelection no ifs and buts the whole election system was invalid
"Most" systems not breached, so like no biggie? #TrumpRussia
Yeah because the 9/11 commission was informative #WASTEOFMONEY
If you can't figure out that stupid people are implementing servers that lack basic security measures, you're a special kind of stupid
@WatchYourRepsSC @AP Most not breached?? So, some were.  Why has the election not been thrown out??  I know, no laws on books
MOST????
We had paper here then you put it in a machine that counts it, and we were hacked in Oklahoma.
#hillarywon
Ummm HELLLO! Thats what we've been saying every single day since the election. @HillaryClinton is OUR President! Now get shit face out!
More importantly we need regulations on voting machines:
- Paper trail
- Open source software
- Open source hardware design

Allows audits.
And get that son of a bitch off the Supreme Court - that seat is stolen too! And every other appointment too. We need to flush this crap!
We demand a re-vote! This fraudulent election must be contested. There'll be no justice until the people's votes are counted and honored.
The 9/11 commission didn't do such a great job.
/2  If evidence of voting irregularities exist, favoring #TheLiarPresident, election results must be cast aside and Presidency given to HRC.
Need forensic analysis of all the voting machines for evidence of fraudulent voting patterns and review of voter roll disqualifications. / 1
Yes how long have you known about this and why didn't you tell us earlier?
Pretty sure we know Bannon, Kushner & Cambridge Analytica helped Russia hack election. With help from @GOP & @Facebook
Check this out
During this time of uncertainty why can't all localities revert to analog voting machines?
Thank you Senator! @SenSchumer & @NancyPelosi  need to get on board.  There is no time to waste.
Yes 
Yes. Will it happen? Not with this @GOP. We are sitting ducks.
2020

We know what happened Putin had corrupted thug Trump as a puppet Putin in WH 45 @POTUS @VP
Agree completely!!  Thank you for being such a strong Senator for NY!
First Letters informed of policy, the internet dividend was never reinvested in security. Now Governments are exploiting & preserving hacks!
Hallelujah!
We know what happened.  What we don't know is the solution to prevent it.

Well, we do, but you are not going to like the answer...
I guarantee the Feds already know what happened and if it changed votes. They won't say as it would cause a constitutional crisis.
Full commission.
Is this tweet for real?
I mean , seriously, what lesson  did we learn from 9/11 commission?
@DarrellIssa Support this for America. You won't love living in little-Russia yourself!  Start fighting for our country b4 it's too late.
To late. For Issa for sure he will be out of a job in about 13 months
Well let's not open old wounds about 9/11 investigations/commission. We know what happened then & we know well enough what happened now!
@SenKamalaHarris @SenFeinstein Please support this!
MOST? What fresh hell does MOST mean? I’m so sick of this shit!
So sick of hypocrite Dems who look the other way when people from their own party commit crimes like Hillary and her email scandal. Enough!
Exactly what's needed. More government wasteful spending on a Commission costing millions, find hackers an issue, have no solution .

Just get rid of voting machines. Go back to paper. No hacking there.
Most???......
I STILL SAY THOSE 70 000VOTES ARE SUSPECT THEY BROKE INTO THE BANK BUT LEFT THE ￶MONEY ?  NAH SOMETHING AINT RIGHT IM JUST SAYING
#ShesRunning
100% yes
Get it done then. Lead, please.
Thanks for chiming in #putinbot, but this doesn't concern you.
Most is not all!! Attacks are going to happen but none should be breached. Stop with the tax cuts and increase cyber security. C'mon man!!
This is a huge scandal that does call into question Trump's legitimacy.
That's in addition to his being insane.
You are quoting a repeat of months old news that no vote systems were impacted.
We need to know how they did it, andwhat states they did break into!
Ty, Deborah!
to ensure our election integrity is safe for the next round. these fools acting like they ain't got shit to be held responsible for a reason
Not with Ryan and McConnell.
I think we need a Monica lewinsky size investigation. We spent $$$$ taxpayer money on a blowjob but we don't bat an eye at this? WTF
And a paper back-up for ballots.
AND a constitutional amendment to allow new elections as a result of a foreign country interference
Or would you entertain the idea of allowing the actual winner become the President? Could be cheaper.
I agree
Support!
Yes please @SenGillibrand. How do we the people make this happen?
First question...What do they mean by 'most'?
Need help in identifying these people at this meeting:
33/ So here's the first meeting of Trump's foreign policy/national security team at the Trump International Hotel in D.C. on March 31, 2016. 
the word that gets me the most is..."most."
Support!
I feel like I'm on Fl 93 ...let's take the plane back.
"Most" systems not breached?!?!
Gee what a surprise-most states that surprisingly went republican
We also need paper ballots. Rhode Island is voting to bring them back. Let's lead, too. @SenSchumer
works fine in the UK nothing beats a piece of paper and a pencil;) #UknowItMakesSense
The first thing I want to know is why they didn't tell us in June when they found  they found out about it. This STINKS. KEY STATES.
Keyword being MOST. What were the states that were effected? Are we secure for 2018? Maybe trumps phony voting commission can focus on this.
I don't believe them....election was stolen
My township was for sure
Yes, and we can call the report, "What Happened"
Somehow I doubt that none were breached It's the only way this person in the white house could have won!
Dukakis won wi but Clinton looses it? I doubt it.
YES WE DO!!!
Focus on DNC and their contractors
Why yes, yes we do!!!!
The statement "Most states were not breached" is not very encouraging is it? They needed a couple only and seems they did it WI, MI, PA
"most systems not breached"
Oh don't worry, Rob Reiner's already on the case apparently.
Quick before they wipe the server logs and the backups!
*Most* systems not breached? *MOST*?!
Yes. Most systems not breached, NO vote tally systems impacted.
Yes, we do!
Well let's get on with it. Already been 10 months. Meanwhile the world is being threatened. Let's do this!
agreed/ lets start with Hillary's emails
I think you forgot to drop the F bomb in this post.
Just do something!

Ahem. Well your OPM sure did something. So did Experian. It's called laziness and corporate malfeasance.
@ Nancy Pelosi @ChuckSxhumer 
DJT placed in WH by Putin. Dems 2 quiet, need 2 demand Commision. If reverse Rs would raise HELL 24/7. SHAME!
But then...how will Trump & GOP be able to STEAL FUTURE ELECTIONS?! #WakeUpAndSmellTheBorscht
Too bad Senator Grassley is more concerned about the FBI stopping Trump from breaking the than he is about Trump breaking the law.
And what happened with that crooked DNC and Debbie Wasserman Schultz
I recall 3 hack attempts on election servers in 3 states were traced back to department of Homeland Security.
.We don't nd to spend more money on a stupid investigation! There are ones being done already Authorities sd no votes were compromised
21 out of 50 states, that is nearly half.
Plus there's the issue of direct tampering. Broken seals found in Wisconsin

Thanks
breach of the Voter Rolls. So, why did Kobach voter suppression Commission want to centralize States' Voter Rolls at the WH on VP server/2
So how is this election even legitimate at this point?
Oh please....the 9-11 Comission Report should be filed under Fiction.
Also need a 9/11-style commission on 9/11 that isn't a whitewash:
Also need 9/11-style comm re undue influence on US govt from Russia's chief rival for pipeline routes: Saudi kingdom
Gee, this is more than the "few" States initially reported to have been cyber attacked.Reportedly, decentralization prevented a successful/1
Or a new election.
Grow up.
Trump said if he lost, the vote was rigged. Because he knew what Russia was up to. He was willing participant.
Oh yeah. The 911 commission that did exactly nothing and gave us a bullshit report. YEAHHHH GREAT.
Why not for the 2016 primary? Where millions of bernie voters were purged from registration & hillary consistently beat exit polls by 10-20%
It's not as if we didn't know this whole time the election was stolen. Idk why it's taking so long to do this 
Vote for Graham/Cassidy. Obamacare is kaput.
Can the Commission look at the DNC server since the FBI wasn't allowed to?
No Russia collusion in favor of Trump at all Voter fraud on Hillary's behalf is proven 2 be over 1mil. cases,so let's draw attention to that
1. You were great, & under-appreciated on @PodSaveAmerica; demand respect. 2. Your social media presence is poor; please step it up.
And yet the idiot in office pretends nothing's wrong. They got something good on him
Trump called the Russia investigation a hoax just today. What a dotard!
We also need to start watching for Russian involvement with the progressive movement.
