It's a serious problem when members of our military denigrate female Marines. It undermines good order and discipline. We have to fix it.
Maybe they should stop sending nudes.  Or is that too much personal responsibility?
its lunatics like u who force social justice aka women in combat who create a hostile work environment for all
I would be SO MUCH more impressed if you didn't feel the need to tweet your "greatest moments" trying to show your relevance
100yrs ago ADULTS had SENSE ENOUGH to Keep 18-22 yr old Men&  Women APART.
Are you ignorant to the fact that hundred if not thousands of men are raped and abused as well?
TOTALLY UNRESPONSIVE to my Point.

EXACTLY what I expected
Gender separation does not solve the problem with abuse. Read this one. @UnitedCitizen01 @SenGillibrand
My daughter was raped by a USMC brat & NCIS intimidated my daughter, said it was sexual experimentation. She was 12! SA is still stigmatized
Our POINT was:
DAUGHTERS WERE SUPERVISED & Separated from Boys at ALL TIMES 100+yrs ago
So rape is just a product of men and women being in close proximity?
those taking & sending nude photos/allowing others to do so own the responsibilty for being #notsosmart
How can this happen when the US President grabs unconsenting women's genitals & brags about it?
Exactly....not exactly an advocate for women
Getting political? Happened under Obama, Bush, et al. Stop. This is a military problem.
you can not deny the impact of a Commander and Chief who brags about grabbing pussy.
The greatest impact President Trump had was on the liberal psych. Who's wearing wearing pussyhats?
As a Senior NCO, I take this matter very seriously and am willing to stand with you and work
, another "outraged" lesbian for lightweight Sen. Gellibrand
man I kinda wanted to be an outraged  lesbian now if it's gonna piss men off.
We just ignore you and disagree with your prurient lifestyle.  But whatever floats hour boat.
two woman in love is a prurient lifestyle...
Yes!
funny how women in love with other women never asked for your opinion
what's even more amusing is I'm not a lesbian. But you gotta love misogynists assuming your sexuality when they're threatened
@PattyArquette The commander in chief is an admitted sexual assaulter. That's good role modeling.
all forms of sex harrass's somebody it should b just forgotten it's rediculous 2 think it can be fixed it's moot
I hope this is not the end of this story. We have military and @realDonaldTrump who won't change attitudes unless pressed.
your old buddy Chucky using the B word don't help things any.
hi Senator, who can constituents write to and call to say we'd like to hold the military responsible?
Of course the military should be held accountable, but pretty sure this guy didn't do it
Prosecute them when they are innocent or not right Ms. Gillibrand.  I know how you operate.  It doesn't matter what the COC or NCIS says.
I won't deny there are issues w/military but Gillibrand has always treated military issues as if she hates the institution.
Her agenda is to try to run for POTUS.  She goes after any military male accused whether there is evidence or not!
It was awful how she berated Gen Neller. This stuff was happening under Obama and I didn't hear her crusading.
ALL FAKE NEWS HERE !
they have to take responsibility.
@CoryBooker would expect at least many dishonorable discharges of those who contributed posting photos, and negative comments
Mil Leaders EXPECT MOST young men to have been RAISED w/ some Sense

WRONG!
BAD Parents.too
Madam Senator I support your efforts stop military  sexual assault. My daughter wants to join the Navy. What do I tell her?
Tell her not to send nude photos of herself to 18 year old boys with out of control hormones.  You know the normal parenting advice.
Uhh, I don't have to. I raised her right..., I hope! Was gonna get offended but you never know 100% with kids.
how dare you rant and rave like this you looked and acted like a PMS teenager who lost her boyfriend calm the fk down

@morningmika It's a complete disgrace! Thank you Sen Gillibrand for your ongoing dedication to this serious problem.
also WOMEN need 2 take responsibility 4 their actions as well, do NOT put urself in that situation and pictures wont get out
@morningmika still dancing on tables when joe tells you too. What a phony
THANK YOU FOR BEING OUR GENERAL IN THE FIGHT, SENATOR GILLIBRAND!!
Military leadership?  You guys have no clue what the people in between CA and NY actually need or want.
I want you to vote for judge 'gorsuch. I am a new Yorker and we are fed up with the dems and will vote all of u out
Thank you very much for speaking out.
@CoryBooker Pictures not hacked or lacking consent. Former partners? Do you demand responsibility of the service members?
Brava !!!!
@CoryBooker with a great example set by their commander in chief, where he leads others will follow
@CoryBooker Good luck on that one.  Trump will codify the grabbing of the genitals of women if he has his way.
Maybe  Liz Warren that is responsible, After All She Is The venom Queen. Hope she runs in 2020 so Trump is 2 term
You are on FIRE!!!
Senators must publicly apologize for a disrespectful & disdainful tone at fearless & heroic military leaders @GenRobertNeller
I applaud you for being on the frontlines of this situation. May we one day pass one of your bills dealing with it.
Like Obamacare took responsibility for the VA, the IRS, Fast and Furious? That kind of "taking responsibility"?
Disgraceful. How about trying to work towards solutions? No, you attack. Makes me ashamed to be a NY'er.
. How dare you denigrate the military like this. Shameful. You are toxic to America.
U have some NERVE! Who held PRES. BILL CLINTON accountable?  Nobody! You HYPOCRITE! & dont U DARE speak 2 a hero like that.
Buffy, you are whining because Marines are acting in a crass manner. You acted crassly with USMC Commandant. Ironic?
Your disrespectful hysterical attack on the Commandant is a disgrace to the U.S. Senate and reflects your anti-male bigotry.
Toxic culture is also elected leaders who unconscionably treat highly regarded generals like @GenRobertNeller with disrespect
is an absolute embarrassment to our country for treating @GenRobertNeller, an impeccable leader, with such a lack of respect
Who are you to talk to a Gen like that?  No Respect.  Another libtard who never served.
Your screaming at a man with 42 years of service, who has more valor and sacrifice in his little finger than u will ever have
isn't this just about hating the military? Be honest. Liberals hate the military just like police.
You proved again why I did not and will never support you.  How dare you disrespect this hero the way you did!
It takes TWO Your Barry Soetoro loved sexual legislations as much as giving terrorists $ RESPECT military NO games w them
YOU take respon. Adults know consequences of behavior. Generals R NOT babysitters. Men R abused too.Big mouth? U fix it
Simple solution: segregate the armed forces by sex. It worked right up until egalitarians decided we're all the same
where did those pictures come from ? I wouldn't call the Marine culture  toxic in fact I resent you saying that.
good words, but sad u lack same concern 4 men and woman vets, killing selves due 2 zero VA care! Daily
I am shocked at the disrespect at the Marine Commandant by your screeching and screaming at him.
You need to look in the mirror Sen. You created this! Clean up NY b4 you throw stones! Show some ldrshp!
It all happened under Barack 0bama leadership.  I agree, time we have serious leadership.
Typical liberal idiot , force the military to be inclusive to women while discounting the male age makeup of 18 to 25 duh...
Im ashamed of you. How dare you speak to the General that way- you've lost your damn mind-
the women need out of the battlefield they are a hindrance/this can happen with close quarters
We need best strength & focus on battlefield so should be only men. Men/Women mix & both think of sex
was it a hidden camera?
.@SenGillibrand An American problem with a uniquely military solution: Recall Fleet Reserve retirees & reservists to face NJP Art134.
agree but change your style  you acted like an hysterical elite.  this crap in military never changes  women and men resp for lewd behavior
agree
saw despicable tirade. once a bluedog demcongress. deal with Clinton for senate seat now a looney tune self loathing liberal.
grandstanding
Ending sex harassment requires end wars based on lies false glorification does more harm than good! http://zacherydtaylor.blogspot.com/2017/03/betrayed-veterans-including-tammy.html …
is a fucking joke. How dare you treat a General of 42 years like that. He did not rape anyone or post those pictures to FB.
so awesome. New grandstander. Criticize yet provide no solutions. Liz taught you well. Another worthless gov employee.
why did the female marines pose naked? have you asked them?  Military social experiment fail. that is your Problem
But they don't. 
Astonishing. Clarion call. Thank you!
Your joining the Trump 2020 Campaign team appreciated.
Bravo!
You were grandstanding for political purposes. You don't give a damn about women! Look at babies lost at planned parenthood!


was right but her tone and mannerism may have ended any 2020 hopes and aspirations @AnnCoulter #DNC
Show some GOD DAMN respect when addressing @GenRobertNeller. Take your political theater and shove it.
is just another washed up senator whos lost touch with reality .
doesn't even understand the nature of this, and thinks she rates to talk down on our Marine Corps Gen.  sure to vote her out
perfect example of a democrat hack, not the first time she has gone overboard with ridiculous statements..what a hack
Thank you for being the voice of reason. Someone (high up) must have seen this & ignored it. All marines should be furious
how about we focus on killing radical Islamic terrorists instead.
waiting on your sex tape and photos? Maybe you were taught not to have sex on tape? Then again
idiots think these young people just turn off hormones with a freaking switch; women should not be there idiot; it's the Corp
U can't have it both ways. You want strong, young men to fight 4 USA? Stop trying to make women equal! They're not!
you liberal but idiots can't think passed your nose; nature takes over in these young lives when and you freaking liberal ...
you're an embarrassment. Like a little child who lost her cookie.Typical leftist fascist.
You are unhinged lady! How dare you raise your voice to a 42 yr General - you should be spanked.
The Marine Corps isn't suited for women. We should go back to enlisting only single men like we used to.
as a non veteran U have no right 2 berate a USMC Gen  Who was held accountable 4 Sen Clintons crimes? U R a typical hypocrite
I I guarantee you it's not the general posting pics. How dare you take such a cheap shot about the Russians hacking.
you want someone dead call a Marine. You want to hack Facebook call a 17yo. You want to stop Russia call DNC. Grandstanding.
and in the end, how do you plan to make army all cavaliers? go there, gauge average soldier stance to women and reply...meh
Has anyone told you it goes both ways? It's not always a female sexually harassed! It does happen to men also.#vets4vets
Activists in politics and law need to be removed! GET OUT!!
Don't appreciate your "grandstanding" in front of the Commander. Your liberal goal to social re engineering of military. 
I am so glad that I live in TX I bet you call 911 and yell at that poor officer for taking more than 2 minutes to respond too
Dumbest Senator 
many army women die for your country...not true...(3)
(you do have laws in your country, right?) and don't  shoot dirty pix with anyone, that way they don't exist. and no, not (2)
you have problems on both male and female side but you will prosecute only males...why? i mean if/when raped report it (pt1)
 congratulations for embarrassing women, New York n yourself as well as this nation as you act like a loud mouth whined
Thank you for making America less safe.  You are a grand standing do nothing.
Your anti-military stance & talking down to a Marine Corps officer of 42 yrs is embarrassing. Shld have been more respectful
This "lecture" is uncalled for and unprofessional or more accurately total bullshit
such overreacting & grandstanding by you, that is real American hero you are screaming @. Check yourself, what have you done?
Your behavior towards a General was embarrassing & unacceptable!Kudos to the General for looking professional #grandstanding
Calm down.  I get that women were violated, but did I don't believe the General deserved that.
being a woman does not give you the right to treat a man who has dedicated his life to defending our county like that.
You embarrassed yourself & all women today. Compose yourself. Pull it together.
Too bad your grandstanding overshadowed the real problem. All talk and no action....time will tell.
Your open hostility to all things military is a disgrace and your treatment of an honorable professional is a disgrace!
@FoxNews Ur grandstanding is pathetic hypocrisy. BHO worst CIC! U& @SenSchumer Schmuckie Schumer! What have U done 4 8yrs?
@TuckerCarlson Hypocrisy once again from the Liberal Dems. Last 8 yrs of lousy lib CIC. That's where the buck should stop!
@TuckerCarlson Sen Gillibrand who has been CIC 4 last 8 yrs? Gee, Liberal Democrats! look in mirror! Ur passing the buck!
They did. Now you can take responsibility for your over the top grandstanding diatribe v 42 yr vet. @SenTomCotton
thank you!!
The Commandant has give 42 yrs of his life to this country and you have the audacity to speak to him with such disrespect.
What the Marines did was very wrong and they shld be held acctbl. Just as u shld be held acctbl. 4 being so rude to the Comm.
Why doesn't she scream about veterans waiting too long for treatment. Amb being killed depending on stupidity
Why doesn't she scream about veterans waiting too long for treatment. Ambassadors being killed  Obamacare depending on stupid
Why doesn't she scream about veterans waiting too long for treatment, Ambassadors dying, obamacare depending on our stupidity
thank you for speaking out. Please don't ease up until women/all who serve can feel safe w/ their comrades while doing so
While I agree with your message, this was nothing more than grandstanding.
oh. Demorat
Disrespectful, blame game and dislike of military in general. Another social experiment by libs.
use your mouth on the battle field like this great man does everyday to keep your loud mouth protected. man hating do nothing
it's easy to shout out a man who's protected this racist for 40 years, why isn't she out on the field doing the same thing
u let a rapist immigrant in USA !!
Remember ? !! Immigrant athlete is a rapist of 12 y/o girl. 
Hypocrite !

MAGA 
toxic culture sexual harassment try living under Sharia Law which the Marines are risking their lives so we never see that 
clear& distinct reason why u r not military grade !
Terrible tantrum !  Tragic fur u kirsten! 
RESIGN !
MAGA 
that man has done more for this country than you ever could. You ought to be ashamed of yourself for even raising your voice
Let me guess...you supported the Clintons and conveniently looked away from that whole cigar thing....hypocrite. Shut up
under your logic, Senate leadership must take responsibility for the toxic environment in YOUR state
This clip will be run on a loop the next election cycle. Democrats want to help, but constantly attack the wrong targets.
You are responsible for thousands of deaths from your defense of Phillip Morris so don't u datr point your finger
your military social experiment is to blame you freakin airhead. Thank you..
Insulting & immature behavior. You were way out of line, and should apologize. Embarrassing display!
