Lyric is too busy flipping her hair around to understandbthe LAWS.  If immigrant or refugees won't assimilate then back they go.
In TX they get their 1st big check. $900. If they don't sign up for ENGLISH classes they shouldnt get the monthly benefits. It's the LAW.
If they don't learn English and look for work no Gvt aid shld be given. Then we know they are here to smooch off the Gvt. Back they go.
STOP THIS B*** S***.  Regardless of what they have done, HUMANITY must prevail, They are not animals in a pound regardless of @POTUS words.
Then send their collective asses back across the border.
How about you worry about US citizens instead of ILLEGAL immigrant invaders?
Libs always leave out the ILLEGAL part!
#TermLimits
Neither are Vets. What's the priority here. A vet waits two yrs right now for surgery. Immigrants go straight into ER room and get seen. Duh
Illegal
No. Illegals should be immediately deported. Let their country deal with their medical issues. We can't afford it. Thanks for 20Tril in debt
Neither are our returning vets! What are you doing about that?  #SOT #MilitaryMonday
(2) Don't toss those requirements in to cause an obvious false negative to stir up more inflated controversies. Enough w the slant.
I agree.  Let's just send them back without detaining them. You are a really lousy American!
The President should be held accountable!
The government from which they came should be held accountable.  President's #1 priority is safety of the nation, not catering to criminals.
I agree. So just deport them and let them get the best care where home nations have to offer.
Well maybe they should have stayed their own country then
Just like Veterans, nothing is more American than deny quality healthcare to those to politicians pander to.
You can pay for them if you wish.Add Schumer, Warren & Pelosi to the list.Don't ask taxpayers to pay for people who snuck here for freebies.
Under Obama they got treated better than our veterans. They're still getting better medical care than they ever expected. #BuildTheWall
then go out and help them make yourself useful.We are not responsible for healthcare to illegals who sneak across the border
Bullshit and lies ,typical libtard bullshit.  Stop lying.  Illegal aliens should be deported.
either are our Vets..America first
You're right. #illegalaliens should be deported right away, not kept here needing healthcare. #illegal #gtfo #criminals
Are you referring to free health care for Illegals?  If so, say so.
Yes, they should be sent back home where they came from so they can get the medical care that they need. We should not be paying for them.
Detained immigrants are "illegal aliens" and should be deported back to their own country for medical care. Quit making us responsible.
How much money is being wasted with these #hearings trying to prove that DT thinks he's above the law? #RememberTrumpUniversity. Hello.
Absolutely. Triple the judges and get them shipped out after finger prints, photos and DNA.
Illegal immigrants are law breakers; hence the term illegal.
Don't tell us what we already know, tell us what needs to be done to stop this!!! What are you doing for this?
Many activists around the world are working on these issues, but what would YOU have us do?!?
Detainee's at Gitmo get better healthcare than do, I'm confident the democrat senators and bernie are full of crap
I know this debt thing is not in your wheelhouse, but we borrow 50 cents of every $ we spend. Why spend on illegals?
The only treatment 4u is immediate deportation, is illegal crossing our borders m. Go complain to ur country of origin
Veterans don't get the medical care they earned! Please enough of this pandering! Illegal immigrants deserve nothing!!
Are you really that willfully ignorant? I know Vets and civilians "CITIZENS" personally, who are disabled that can't afford medical care?!
This wasn't an issue under the last administration?
Americans can't afford health insurance. Get to work and passed the health bill.
Emigrants spend half of their income on health I imagine what they are detained who have no income
You know what has to stop you putting your hands in my pockets to give illegal immigrants free s***
We the people, who ultimately pay the bills, are entitled to the exact same health coverage congress gets.
Hell I'm an American and don't get proper medical care
so much more needs to be publicly explained, but let's start with the health of the victims of ILLEGAL DETENTION AND #TORTURE
All detained immigrants should be stripped of rights right after their strip search.
Are they denying healthcare? Or is it like the VA
Why are they detained?
Neither are our veterans
Thank you for speaking out!
Expedite deportation is the solution.

Neither are our veterans.
How is your Russian collusion investigation looking this evening?
Well give them a bullet who gives a shi't about the illegals and imergants that's their problem not we are not their care givers
I'm not paying for it are you?
A billion plus that we've spent in the last two years is not enough? How much more of our tax dollars do you want?
Well, they should go home then!
Neither are under employed people of your state. What have you done for NY?  You need to go.
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP UMC We recognize, embrace, & affirm all persons, regardless of country of origin, as members of the family of God.
Separation of church and state.
12 or 24 can ask. The problem is they aren't listening because they don't care and who is going to demand an answer? The President?
They should be sent to their countries. They can receive medical care there.
Without a little compassion from us, there would be no support for these people. Please keep fighting to make the world better for all of us
Unfortunately it won't stop as long as the Orange menace is in office.
