...We cannot keep FEMA, the Military & the First Responders, who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever!
We should be doing much, much more to help—that's why we need a Marshall-style plan to rebuild Puerto Rico as soon as possible.
Many in need have not even been reached yet. What is Congress going to do to make sure these people are cared for and not abandoned?
77 PR mayors said they were grateful for support received from FEMA. Where have you been @SenGillibrand ?
You know what he means by that 

 You Demorats are liars. Modern slave masters. Harvey W. lovers
I'm not sure he comprehends that they are Americans.  He seems quite confused
Puerto Ricans are Hispanics.  Under no circumstances should a Hispanic receive any type of aid.  Citizen or not!  Sad!
Mario just what are you saying here! Not everyone is going to see this as sarcasm! Please clarify! Tx.
My apologies.  Sometimes I lay on the sarcasm a little too thick and people believe it.  It is as sarcastic as the Orange Messiah is ugly.
I had to read it a couple times too before I realized. 
I would of thought the 45 crossed out in red would be a good indicator of my distaste for the Cheese-a-hole.  :)
Yah, just so much info flying through each day, it can get confusing. It's all good, Figured it out Mario. You do a great impression!
Where are all the volunteers? Talk is cheap! Why don't you all fly down and help with rebuild.  Join Habitat for humanity, church groups.
The mayors refusal to distribute resources is criminal and she should be arrested
Its red state blue state and no vote states. Not even mentioning California fires.
Many of them have to go back to their real jobs as 1st responders in their local community. Community's have to Work to clean, rebuild
Well no shit- all the funds are being utilized in having our illustrious VP fly to/from football games for stunt appearances!
Dfuk is it gonna take b4 Congress triggers the 25 Amdmt? Torches n pitchforks in the halls of Congress. Fast track Mueller!  GET MOVING!
So let’s get going to make sure we enact the 25th Amendment before his bizarre behavior puts our democracy in jeopardy. Senator, HELP US ALL
He only understands his obligation to his friends and family not the reast of us.
Senator, we are counting on you and your colleagues to remove this madman. I fear for the Republic if he is left in place.
In the year 2060, people will look back in history and find @realDonaldTrump the most unpopular president.
@realDonaldTrump C'mon now, GOP can't raise taxes on rich just to save a lot of Puerto Ricans.

He is a heartless ild man suffering from dementia
#Shameful  ...---...
#TenTenThe
#RecordWasSet
#TheHighestCongressional
#DebtAbuseYet

#20Trillion383Billion
Democrats need to start screaming murder, literally,  in this case.
Remember Senator that PR had infrastructure issues before. PR government wants you to fix what they won't for their ppl.
The PR government needs to step up and do their part. You forget, they didn't want to be a state of the US, but want our services.
Shameful are politicians who have no clue on fiscal responsibility such as Kirsten Gillibrand!
#25thAmendment PLEASE START PROCEEDINGS!!!!!! Save us!!!
Spending millions of our money that could find better use y doesn't any one complain y does he get away with that y r u scared of him
Kirst y hasn't anyone held the morons feet 2 the fire as 2 y he wasn't in Dover 2 greet the 4dead grn beret instead of playing golf ....

Much much more?  You're on here tweeting and not doing a thing, yourself.   Get off your ass and help them yourself.
When things get tough, you don't walk away from our fellow Americans.  They should not be feeling hopeless with all they have had to bear.
Hasn't it been less than a month? When we've been fixing P.R. for as long as we've been in Afghanistan then you can say "forever".
@sengillibrand, of course they cannot stay there forever.  You are truly a Socialist.
When did PR become a state?
And yet Trump opts to keep the troops in Afghanistan forever?
FEMA is still in Louisiana since 2005 and New Jersey since 2012. What a horrible man
They're literally dying! What can be done?
The world is not surprised by that tragedy of a president we have. Incompetence, ignorance and totally incapable!
YOU ARE SUCH A SHAME FOR LOCAL RV SOUND BIT
NO RE ELECTION FOR YOU
This butthole knows no shame.
ABSOLUTELY SO SHAMEFUL! WHAT DOES THE USA LOOK LIKE TO OUR ALLIES, ENEMIES & THE WORLD? DISGRACEFUL STATEMENT & ACTIONS BY POTUS! SMH...
I heard on the radio(NPR) that FEMA is still in Texas, Florida and older disaster sites New Jersey and even New Orleans. Is this true?
What the governor gets for playing nice:
Grow up. No one is leaving until the job is done. Stop trying to make a serious situation worse by scaring people. Why not help instead.
He might need help with the greens at Mar a lago
IF UNITED STATES CAN WASTE 13 YEARS IN THE MIDDLE EAST SPENDING CRAZY AMOUNTS OF MONEY FOR BIG OIL! GUESS WHAT PUERTO RICO DESERVES THE SAME
Did he give a time limit? If so I wasn't aware of it. Oh maybe bc he didn't.  He is right they can't be there indefinitely.
Thank you @SenGillibrand the @POTUS has forgotten that the citizens of #PuertoRico are #Americans!  This is a #humanitarian issue!
TIME4Change Women need to take control
Plans for profit CAN'T be denied!!!
Absolutely agree he does that I'm done with him
He told Houston they’d be there as long as needed
He's literally the worst person in the world.
The military has been in Afghanistan for SIXTEEN YEARS.
He is an abomination, so disgraceful.
RUN FOR PRESIDENT IN 2020 PLEEEEEASE????
#TrumpsAFailure #PuertoRico
I propose an emergency tax on the very rich to increase funding for disaster relief. Getting America back on our feet should be a top issue.
Why don’t you just shut your mouth and go over there like I did and see how your democratic colleagues are stealing and paying off bribes
With all the help that is there already! Typical Dems, stealing the people’s help for political gain!
Maybe if Trump took the 1st weekend off from golf and managed the logistics of Puerto Rico's Disaster we could have saved a bundle?
Can you please try and talk some sense into @GOP and have him removed from office? Please. I’m begging.
What are you going to do next? Huh! My husband thinks you are going to sell P.R. to China or Russia! You are a very sad deplorable Dotard!
They are still needed! You just can not do this! Shameful and disgusting!
We cannot keep an incompetent, neo nazi, narrasistic moron in office. Time to take the garbage out.
You missed the point of the series of tweets. But why would you since further division of our Country is your goal
not forever.  you know this.
Pls keep speaking out against this abomination of a man. Puerto Ricans are AMERICANS!
No. Not asking for “forever” asking for clean water & electricity. Do your job!
Right, and he said they won't be there forever! Not they were leaving tomorrow!!!! Stop creating drama!
I’ not certain he understands they are Americans.
DONALD had a recent golf course failure there. He's likely been blaming PR for HIS fail so... predisposed to this craziness.
When u have Marc Lotter spinning 
Trump' s Statement to pull out of PR
The gov't has no credibility in disaster mode to help minorities.
Everything happening in this country is shameful, thanks for the 411 but I think we are past that point. I want to hear what is being done.
I COMPLETELY agree. Talk is cheap.
#ImpeachTrump

How much More does Trump  have
To do to have him removed from
Office?????
I'm sure there are plenty of these personnel in the Houston & Florida stricken areas.
I have called @JohnCornyn @tedcruz @PeteSessions and told them how angry I am that Puerto Rico is being treated so poorly by this DT Admin.
Agreed.  They are on an island . Texas and Florida are not they can get more help food and goods than anyone of those other states
Trump has no heart or conscience. What a shame.
Wow .. really is this coming from your incredible and “as long” attitude after Sandy
Just add it to the list of shameful things that @realDonaldTrump @POTUS will do today.
I remember this from When Harry Met Sally:
Are we going to carry this around forever?
Forever? It just happened
It happened 3 weeks ago.
Strange that @POTUS pledged to be in TX forever until 100% rebuilt, but he leaves PR out to dry. Effing bigot.
simply a fact , so you want them permanently at these locations--come on!!!!!!!
But ma'm, Queen Marie J. Trump has ran out of paper towels.
Remove him now !!!!!!!!!!!
He thinks it's charity. He has no idea that it is his actual job. Despicable.
It’s reality!!! FEMA is for emergency relief not to rebuild that is up to Congress. But like a true Dem you must blame PRESIDENT TRUMP
Thank you! Now get FEMA to provide the same level of help they've provided in previous hurricanes. They aren't!
Has POTUS said one word yet about the wildfires in California?
He needs to be removed. #25thAmendmentNow
SHAMEFUL is not right word. It is outright murder and genocide on part of INEPT WH . CONGRESS WHERE ARE YOU? DO YOUR JOBS OR RESIGN NOW
#25thAmendment 
#25thAmendmentNow 
#25thAmendmentRightNow
What can congress do???
Hear hear !!
Is FEMA still in New Orleans from Katrina or New Jersey from Sandy??
They're not rich white people who donate money. He doesn't care if they die. It's almost as if he WANTS that to happen.
Why aren't #Dem screaming  about these shameful actions?
It has nothing to do with Americans in crisis and everything to do with the Mayor of San Juan. A female Mayor. #MAGA #25thAmendmentNow
They are POC & he has a bankruptcy there.
HOLD HIM ACCOUNTABLE
Your Republican colleagues need to speak up ASAP!!
It would also be good to have them do something besides fill out forms
Give him hell, @SenGillibrand ... make us NYers proud and protected!
Trump makes a statement like this but allows the Russian sanction deadline to pass "If your not enraged you're not paying attention"-H.Heyer
Pretty sure he doesn't see them as Americans. He went to PR, threw lovely soft towels, the best towels. All is good, he's onto next shiny
It's not just "shameful" its a full abdication of his oath of office --Congress must act to remove him from office.
Please, there comes a time when people have to take responsibility for their own problems! We’ve given them all they need to start!
Senator- please get your colleagues together ASAP and figure out how to help PR. this is an absolute outrage. He is unfit.
(no electoral college votes, so no value)
Why don't you go in their place actually do something positive
Watch Fox News. It’s not slanted like this story
However, his cabinet travels on my dime on military planes for snorkeling & dining out!
Trump admits that the "circumstances" in PR and USVI are "most difficult" for FEMA, military and First Responders, but not the people there?
as of 2003, of the 114 Hispanics working at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland, 70 were Puerto Ricans or of Puerto Rican descent.
Since u don't want ur followers to see the full context of his twitter thread I figured the least I can do is try to help you. Oops!
Texas/Florida are helping themselves w/gov help... so should Purrto RICO
Our allies are going “if this is how he treats fellow Americans, we (Koreans, Baltic NATO allies,...) better watch out for ourselves “.
@SenGillibrand - isn't there something you or congress can do?
it is Congress' obligation to provide aid to PR/USVI. instead House voting on bs "relief" predatory loan & Senate will likely follow. #shame
Way to fuck over Puerto Rico . But I’m soo happy his fat ass had time for golf.
But what are our representative prepared to do to keep the White House Occupant in check?
Puerto Rico was screwed up before the hurricanes and FEMA is in Emergency Management not reconstruction projects.
FEMA  still in Houston & Fl. PR had power, phones & water pre-Maria. Don't have that now. Racism can't hide.
And they are still over in PR.
Agreed! We should leave a Federal presence there until these mayors are removed from office for corruption, this would help people the most.
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed & concerned Pres Trump & FEMA,lack of response to help,support,while Americans dying..
He's is heartless
Why? Theyre not in FL anymore! We are helping ourselves!
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Forever is a really long time. For  liberals and their twisted cradle to grave dependence on gov't this failed idealogy is nirvana.
The problem, Senator, is that he doesn't see them as fellow Americans....
DT can f-off st this point. Congress needs to work around him. We need to push them. On to EO signed today
Imagine being in PR and hear about this - not knowing when he will pull the plug.  Trump is a cruel, small, petty man.
Work with your colleagues to get this unqualified, unstable man out of office.  This is NOT NORMAL.
Thank you. EVERY Democrat should be repeating this & similar responses until Trump's criminal negligence toward Puerto Rico stops.
You and Clinton failed miserably to help upstate NY but u r worried about PR
So you're advocating putting every major inner city under curfews and FED pervue as well?  Just as long as there in crisis?
Shameful is the new Tepiblican Doctrine. They are shouting as loudly as they can... Death To America !
Yeah, keep them there for 5 years to run their country and pay for everything. where's the money going to come from? That's right tax payers
Thank you Sen. Gillibrand for your voice but tell me where the voices of your colleagues. There should be an uproar! Uproar, do you hear!
Each day with this president, seems to be worse and worse #25thAmendmentNow
He needs to be removed from office asap. Congress needs to act now & start the process. You all know this. Get him out of there! 25th!!!
PR doesn't pay income taxes, and income taxes is the only thing that lasts forever
Congress has got this. #checkonpower #stopthehate
Ok what are you doing about the corrupt government..
I guess maybe you lack the critical thinking skills to interpret #POTUS's message.  Stop bitching, try leading.
@realDonaldTrump 45 I must say this. You are totally fucking up this Country. Evythng O did + youre chang -. Iran's compliant $ u r lying.
Hay they need more people to help let's get All the people  on welfare to go help no help no Money  let's see how that work
He doesn't see Latinos as Americans Einstein, have you been living under a rock for the last three years
@realDonaldTrump @MarleneUsaa1 You wasted $242,000 on a stunt a 4 y/o wouldve recognized but you cant keep helpg PR.  Bring'em all here.
Senator his lack of response in the US Virgin Islands is also shameful. Please don't forget we are Americans too. He has, you mustn't.
thank you for speaking out. (a constituent)
His continual threats to the Americans of Puerto Rico are vile. Kicking people when they're down is unAmerican and just plain wrong.
I thought the hospital ship that finally got to PR, has less than a dozen patients and now they want everybody to leave?
Never forget #PuertoRico was a disaster long before Maria ravaged the island
Can he give one good reason we can't keep them there?
@realDonaldTrump @MarleneUsaa1 Why not you wasted $242,000 on a o stunt   any moron couldve pulled off.
So sad, truly a terrible man given too much power. He clearly only cares about himself...
It is time to remove him from office. No more excuses.
