Look in the mirror
Agree-just missed @SenGillibrand's denunciation of #Antifa & #BlackLivesMatter thugs doing the same shit. Kristen, plz retweet why I'm wrong
Also, you should condemn the BDS movement, which was founded on racism and funded by Palestinian terrorists.
And let the apartheid state of the hook? She called Israel a vibrant democracy, lmao. Ever heard of the Gleneagles Agreement?
Israel is NOT an apartheid state. Palestinians living there have equal rights with Jews. There is even one on their Supreme Ct.
The world is right to boycott the apartheid Israeli regime, just like the Commonwealth nation's boycotted SA, even though only culturally.
Read these, if you have the ability to comprehend:  
http://m.huffingtonpost.ca/jake-beaumont/israel-not-apartheid-state_b_9128056.html …
Vs apartheid if bogus. The Palestinians have no freedom of movement, they are disenfranchised and they suffer collective punishment
Palestinians punish themselves by using the aid they get to build tunnels to sneak into Israel, and buying rockets to fire on civilians.
WHAT do you know. Movie Dickless, NOTHING.
Please push for Charlottesville prosecution as domestic terrorism


You forgot Sessions 
I want to protect Mueller but otherwise- ABSOLUTELY
Oh snap.  How profound.  Another impotent comment from an impotent politician.  You might try earning your pay by DOING something.  Anything
Coming from the woman who called an innocent man a rapist.  Just go away already. #TrashSenator.
Then abolish protests.
Unless it means calling innocent men rapists, right?  #TrashSenator

@shannoncoulter We must insist our AG Sessions condemn and prosecute or resign
you are brave heart 
But you @SenGillibrand are perfectly OK w/#USGovt funding/arming terrorists, committing bigoted war crimes, around globe w/ taxpayer dollars
and perfectly SILENT — like an enabling elite bigot supporter of #USGovt wars of aggression invasion occupation and massacres of nonwhites
You do not represent my state.  But I expect you to fight Trump hate, nonetheless. Even if it costs you your office.
Y'all need to do more than "not be silent."
What are you talking about it's you Democrats who divide this Country along Racial lines, it's so apparent everyone knows that your the ones
America has always been divided by racial lines. It was created & maintained by whites. To suggest its the product of Dems shows ignorance.
Remember not to remain silent the next time Antifa and BLM become violent.
So you are opposing the Israel Anti-Boycott Act. I'm sure you will inform the Jewish voters of this act of betrayal.
Don't remove monuments of American history.
Why won't the President say "radical white supremacists" and condemn them specifically?
wow ,what a historical quote for the ages ... condescending much
good. When are you condemning Antifa  and BLM???
Please be specific and call out #WhiteSupremacists for what they are. This is no time to be vague.
Did Trump just denounce antifa? https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/896420822780444672 …
I urge you to demand the removal of Bannon, Miller, and Gorka from the WH. Their poisonous ideology has no place in our gov.
This is the begging of the end? We can't get Congress to act Amy better than those marching today! White black greens or purples stop it now
Why werent special forces brought in?
We haven't been this is Teumps fault with his "make America white again" BS! #ImpeachTrumpNow
Anyone expecting DT to condemn this in real terms, is fooling themselves. U need to demand that he get Bannon and Gorka out of the WH.
Get on TV and make that statement.

Alt-right marcher shouting  "Heil Trump." 
Does that mean you condemn the actions of those identifying with BLM & Antifa, who commit acts of violence?
When white politicians don't want to use the words racism or white supremacy they say "hate" or "bigotry." 

We see you. #Charlotesville
Kirsten, when will you disavow violent leftist Antifa?

David Duke "Fulfills the promise of Donald Trump" https://twitter.com/jowrotethis/status/896392449760698368 …

Gavin says Proud Boys "disavowed" Unite the Right rally in #Charlottesville.

Here's the rally's organizer, being sworn in as a…
RT -
The hate flows both ways
we must not remain silent & accept hate or bigotry anywhere in this country....look closely in the mirror DC politicans, look closely!

White nationalists said months ago they believed Trump was "nudging them to commit violence." 

He stayed silent.

…
But he didn't! You need, as well as every elected official,to call him out! It is terrorism. Just because the faces are white,he is silent.
They are fighting for part of our history, nothing wrong with that, get rid of that statue then get rid of all statues from our history
Despite my 'like', I'd prefer a statement condemning the violent racists who brought Nazi and Confederate symbols to Charlottesville.
Not just "hate." White supremacists. Nazis. KKK. Please name who we're up against. #Charlottesville
BS.
He is ready to start WW3, doesnt realize the stupid words out of his mouth r going to another stupid man in N. Korea. War of idiots.
Agreed now what steps are you taking to combat hate and bigotry
Trump didnt respond till after his wife. What a leader, what a chief. A fake chief, who cares about base, not american lifes.
Well then do something about it.
We must remove the biggest bigot, Trump


BLM? Anifa should be included in that statement
GOP has been silent all along. They are the Trump KKK now. Say it! He encourages it! But GOP condones it all!
You took an awfully long time to comment, and used awfully unspecific language. Try again?
Agreed!
White supremacy & car ramming has to be actively opposed - in #Cville as in E. Jerusalem, Senator.
Please be clear about who you're condemning. Trump made the same vague statement to dogwhistle. I know you're not, but please clarify.
Tell your boss actions speak louder than words.
Never give up hope. We must vote blue in 2018 #TheResistance
It is a malignancy on full display. We need to keep naming it what it is. Racism, terrorism, religious extremism, bigotry and hatred.
Leaders need to openly and specifically speak against white supremacists. #Courage
And you allow it to infiltrates every element of our government, starting with Steve Bannon, Miller, and Gorka in the WH. Start there.
It will continue to fester as long as trump bannon Miller are in place that is the bigger problem where is McConnell / Ryan  call them out
Bruh, you can say nazi.
Groups of Racist Thugs shouldn't be able 2 carry Weapons loaded or not on the sts of America. Ban all so called Militia's from coast 2 coast
Thank you @SenGillibrand! We must unite - To condemn & fight - Bannon's alt-right - With all our might #charlottesville #blacklivesmatter
Some might see that post as inciting violence.
You must be joking Felicia. Protesting racism incited alt-right to violence today & that's intolerable. Fight with all my might.
First, The name is Tiffany Malicious.
Second, I was showing the eventual tweet from a Leftist.
We will not be silenced by white supremacists/nationalists. We are here to stay & we will prevail & take over thru education & hard work!!!
Mrs Gillibrand, nice thought but where are leaders from either party that stopped appointment of Sessions? Or demand Bannon, Gorka removal?
Except of course toward unborn children.  Them vermin got it comin', right Kirstie?
Weak response senator. Color us disappointed.
Call for the immediate firing & removal of Gorka, Miller, Brannon, & all other white nationalists around our white nationalist president.
So what are we doing about it?
They want confrontation at these events, don't give it to them
Agree. Stop paying protesters and ANTIFA to show up at places to hit your agenda
What is it called when its BLM or Antifa rioting, looting businesses and attacking police?
Thank you for always being a voice of strength and leadership!
Ugh. I'm so sad. This is terrorists and treason.
Agreed. It must be swiftly and strongly condemned.
....or in Washington, D.C.
PROTEST/ RIOTS PAID BY GLOBAL LEFTIST " GEORGE SOROS "
What can we do?  That doesn't lead us into another civil war?
Thank you Senator Gillibrand. Appreciatively, @Michael36776349
Thank you
Thank you @SenGillibrand
Where was your voice when the left was rioting in the streets and Colleges! The left is full of hypocrites!
Thank u for speaking out. When the President can't bring himself to condemn the hate speech - that is truly sad.
The President strongly condemned the violence in Va.
Get rid of Trump now! He encouraged all this hate and domestic terrorism!
Really? BLM? Antifa? Try again. There are crazy people out there
Explain this
Explain this:
Help NY POC arm themselves.  It shouldn't only be the Nazi terrorists allowed to bear arms.
What can we do? I speak up everyday, but I am not changing very much! Sadly!
Thank you.
really?  why didnt you come out and condemn the antifa and BLM violence?????  #DitchKirsten   time to get a republican back in the senate
You need to do some research
kirsten is a flaming hypocrite
Do something. Congress should issue an order to remove EVERY Confederate Statue. This is the USA, not the CSA. & Get the Nazis out of the WH
Yea, and lets change the American history books too, they have a ton of racist too, not happy with our past, let's erase it
History books should make it clear the CSA were traitors to the USA & they LOST the War&becameKKK . There's nothing good abt. their heritage
If we can't learn from history, we're doomed to repeat it, U know that KKK was created by democratics
and terrorism, Senator.
Nor should we remain silent when BLM calls for the murder of police officers. One racist hate group kicked out, another moved in. Shameful
Thank you
Then get that #Bigot_in_Chief out of office. #ImpeachTrumpNow #25for45
you were happy to allow clinton to be treated that way and now all of a sudden its not acceptable? Its acceptable to me kristen. its justice
Please stop calling it hate. Call it terrorism. Because that's what it is.
Correct. . You know the answer. But the only pundits is silent is Donald Trump. Donald Trump still his in
Vacation in his golf course property. .. & many more. Where the 25th Amendment. Trump to be removed office. Being funny.
Trump campaigned on this hate, we need him out now
It's a wonderful thing that hatred & bigots belong only to white republicans. Isn't it? What a unmitigated fool/liar you are.
Trump literally moved to ban/remove groups of people based on religion/gender identity etc. Trump, not all white republicans.
And don't forget about domestic terrorism. Please let's call this what it is.
White ISIS
BLM - black ISIS or is that okay?
God loves us all that is why he created us all! We are in his image!
Too late. you already did. as you allowed hillary to be treated, so shall you reap
And what is your idea to resolve the issue? And what are you doing about Obamacare?
