I feel "survivor" is inaccurate. You survive getting shot, you survive a house fire, etc.
DCL2011 is bad policy. Undemocratic to change hook up culture on backs of males. Dems promoted policy harmful to real feminists &equality.
Thank you!
What is due process really? Who needs it?
'Guidance' here isn't the same as 'law'. Perhaps the good senator knows someone who could make this a law?
Wonder when @SenGillibrand will take away presumption of innocence for predatory fellow Senator Bob Menendez.
Thank you Senator-I doubt DeVos thought anything of it though-she hates women.
#GoBetsyGo #CampusJustice4All
Thanks, Senator. Hard to believe any one would want to harm sexual assault survivors
Are u insane? Remember matress girl? Do you have any brothers? I do.
https://kcjohnson.files.wordpress.com/2013/08/nungesser-complaint.pdf …
Why would she want to do that when it's much more profitable to screw the bottom 98% out of a decent education?
Democrats have been doing that for generations
Wrong. Guess again cream puff.
Hahahahahaha hahahahahaha hahahahahaha
Lol it took you 2 days to come up with that reply ... You must've gone to one of Betsy's charter schools.
Did you get screwed out of a decent education? Devoss has been in office a few months but our education system has been wrecked by Dems
*DeVos 

I didn't, but yours seems to be sadly lacking. Betsy's only task is to completely destroy public education for future generations.
That's right bcuz one should NEVER have to prove anything.
You couldn't be more wrong. Even the NYT protests against stripping fundamental rights from the accused
How about we protect due process and this protect everyone?
No.Bzuz males are usually assumed to be the aggressor, that is the flaw.
Not all accusers are survivors. You know better that is why guilt cannot be assumed and fair process must be had
She is while also not denying due process.
Thank you Senator. Campus Accountability and Safety. Do not let them take away either of those things. For our daughters and sons both.
What's wrong with due process?
she loves fake rape, she brought a rape hoaxer to the state of the union, she hates men.
Why do you oppose the Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments of the US Constitution in violation of your oath of office?
High school survivors of sexual assault also need protection #INeedIX
The guidance you wish to save is patently unfair & unjust.And it harms true victims of sexual assault by equating it with regretful choices.
In other words, you want to protect women's right to have any guy they don't like removed from campus?
They're survivors when the accusations are found true.  Due process is the first step.
What about the men that get falsely accused and some politician decides to Witch hunt a foreign nationalist of someone cleared of charges.
Hey Kirsten, why don't you write legislation to protect due process in Title IX so that ALL parties are protected?

Impt point from @TheFIREorg's @rshibley , on broader context of Obama-era TIX policies & DeVos calls for change: 
So...a you don't want the life of a person be ruined by sexual assault but if it is ruined by words it is fine senator?
From the person who brought false rape accuser mattress girl to the state of the union lmao 
Um how does actual due process harm survivors?
Senator advocating for executive branch guidelines. No wonder our country is disfunctional.
Senator, as a constituent, I would like to know.
Obvious Q: does @SenGillibrand believe that DeVos' championing of due process harms survivors? If so, in what ways?
https://twitter.com/SenGillibrand/status/905574593980768261 …
Title IX is bullshit. Universities skirting due process and trying to destroy peoples' lives under the guise of "protection"
Your denial of due process for the accused is disgraceful.
Oh great I see that the Senator still firmly opposes due process. I'm not surprised.
Why are you against due process Senator?
yes, but you also invited #MatressGirl, to speak, even though she had lied about the guy whom she claimed raped her...
Title IX abuses have ruined many innocent lives. The rights of the accused must be protected
#TitleIX can survive alongside due process, Senator.  Too many young men are having lives ruined w/o a chance to speak.  Duke, Uva, more...
#StopBetsy  @ussoccer_wnt #OneNationOneTeam  @UN_Women @FIFAcom @GlblCtzn #GlobalCitizen #Education #SexualAssault #NYWomenLead
#INeedIX  #NYWomenLead #Education
THANK YOU!
@melsonite @BetsyDeVosED Your intentions are honorable Senator but good luck with that. She's a Nazi. She needs to go.
why not support fairness for all and not assume guilt upon accusation
Thank you Senator! Happy you are standing for this cause.
It should not be accepted or minimized in any way however campus issues are on par with general population stats.  It's evil any where
Do you? I highly doubt it.
Try not to blame any accused rapists who have been exonerated. If you survive go to police not a school.
Nice call senator. Title IX was abused by Obama & the colleges making up stupid rules that couldn't stand up to due process. U remember?
red herring much KG

@RobinRWSauls @BetsyDeVosED She is so incompetent for that job it is pathetic! Our children will suffer her idiocy and fail!
Thank you Senator Gillibrand
You #FemiNazi #ChildAbuser You're Sons deserve so much better than your #Hate #Misandy
I hope you catch pneumonia from the rain.
She also needs to protect Loan Forgiveness Program instead of trying to get rid of it. Many have signed contracts in good faith w Fed gov.
thanx
She's not going to pivot either
your better off giving her a cartoon so she can understand it
My her feet are 2 x's bigger then DT
No, but You've proven yourself to be a fuckstick!
Doesn't she hope to turn schools into christian mingle for white trash rapists?
Thank you @SenGillibrand! #INeedIX - put your money where your mouth is @BetsyDeVosED - protection is KEY!

Unfortunately, unless DeVos' friends economically benefit somehow, I'm sure it fell on death ears.
Good effing luck senator
Thanks Bot.
Good luck. DeVos is for herself and her rich cronies.
It would be unconscionable for @BetsyDeVosED to take action preventing schools from addressing sexual misconduct. #SAVETITLEIX

Looks like a big turnout
Thank you, senator
*alleged Survivors
Every Drop Makes the #BlueWave Bigger...
Want revenge for DACA? Let's fill Session's old seat with someone who prosecuted the KKK @GDouglasJones 
Donate  https://dougjonesforsenate.com 
RT https://twitter.com/ripgop2018/status/905092720661643264 …
Yes!
