free abortions is not a civil right.  What didn't they have an extra vagina hat for you you senator?  Very mature
the only pussy without cap
Three beautiful women with brains under their llttle pink caps.
thank you senator, our new party begins today!!  It is a movement
Thank you for showing up & speaking out! We will need your voice to be LOUD these 4 years!
met a guy in Greenville NC today from NY said you are awesome. I'm in Gillibrand 2020
thank you so much for being awesome!!! #OhCaptainMyCaptain
TY
Are they afraid of not having an abortion? What a horrible aspiration- sick. Buy birth control, not hair weaves!
Good for you, Senator!  I notice you are usually on the correct side of issues.
Thank you ladies. God Bless you all!
I'm proud that you represent New York!
I'm glad your up there and not down here. You'd get your ass fired down here....
Maybe we can be thankful and God allows a truck wheel to roll over your head today, sour kraft 
go cash your welfare check and check your med's. Your hallucinating again snowflake.....
Talk to my mates from Bosnia, snipes from USSF on us (yes dead) an children. Flynn was  C:C time  to finish it and start with you
I'm easy to find anytime your ready.......
Yes never lost yet nice balls
What is it you are doing for New York?  Your woman's march falls flat.
KIRS youre always where the good fight is!!
yes is good step tremp he will killing the woman right .
You are the reason why @POTUS was elected. Typical kiss ass politician getting nothing done. vote vs Sec Mattis! Pitiful
2020?!?!
awesome speech!!!! 🖒
you mean to tell me that Schumers let u come out and play? Remember he is your Master
fantastic!
Wut?  You guys were just bored, admit it.  I've not yet found a reason for these "protests".
What women's rights do you think are in jeopardy?  I am thankful I did not vote for you.  Please stand behind our president. Embarrassing!
What on earth do you think is going to happen to them because POTUS is now in office?What civil rights do you feel are in jeopardy?Shameful!
@armandodkos Thank you. You were one of the first people I ever phone-banked for.
were where you when Obama declared war on rural America, or when he declared war on farmers and ranchers, or small buisness
So grateful to march alongside my senator today! Thank you!
tremp a rasism president to day he is in the white house
Too busy supporting murder that you had to vote no against General Matisse. I'd say wrong, but your"choice" is evil.
so lov those hats & most all the #solidarityforever
Rise Up!! So proud you represent us in the #Senate!!! 
Looking forward to "The Promise Keepers" march on D.C. but of course you will be threatened n protest their right to do so
Proud to have you represent me!

Say a prayer for the unborn while you're there, please.
Syracuse University declared women didn't want to be identified by pink? You remember where Syracuse is right? #clueless
Proud to see our Senator at rally!
.@SenGillibrand Thank you
thank you and keep up the good fight!
that's why i voted for you.  Stand up for what's right!
Thank you for speaking & acknowledging @HillaryClinton contributions
Seeing u on CSPAN of the Women's March. Thank you, we've got yr back in yr fight in Congress! Love fm a fellow Nasty Woman
thank you for being there.
So proud of your vote!  Thank you!!!
You are a do nothing divider!
just not prolife womens rights
so glad you represent the great state of New York!
@Marv_Vien we need you now more than ever
Thank you!
Go NY. Proud you're my state senator.
Outstanding!
WTF??? may you be relegated to doing dishes the rest of your miserable  (short)  life
thank you Senator!
@Marv_Vien
you are there for votes and publicity, you would sell your soul to the devil if it gained u reelection
thank you for marching!
Thank you, Senator, for representing my wife, my daughters, and me.
Who's paying for this ridiculous field trip to protest our President and call for rights that already exist?
Will be at sister march in Albany NY. Thank you Senator!
Why no pink knit cap?  You just want to go through with the photo-op, so you can say you were there.  You didn't march either
Why are using a tampon today?
Are you protesting Saudi Arabia?
No stupid America Saudi soon
A another soft penis
I can't march today, but I am glad you're out there representing our state. Let us know and we'll march for you in 2020! 
Thanks for supporting us.
your a piece of work. I guess that's more important than reading you work and and voting correctly
Your a guy that can't do it without viagra but when your significant other see your post you will not it
you going to attack some cops for doing their job!
Only if they are good looking not that you are
thanks! I,m not superficial like you. You sound like @SenGillibrand kind of person though.
only vote against Gen Mattis proves you're unbalanced.
Dead penis walking
Hey @SenGillibrand how's Mattress Girl doing? Columbia's getting sued for their Title IX nonsense. #WomensMarch
ok, so why haven't u stood up for ur Delphi women retirees & families that lost pensions to ur team? Just answer once please!
we are depending on you more than ever Senator.
Thank you for standing up for all of us!
You're an idiot. Don't even know why oyu're marching. Doing it just bc it's "cool" lol
Thank you Senator Gillibrand!!! This NYer is grateful for your support and participation
Thanks, KG!
Senator in title only your actions don’t speak for all of
us.
In title only? Wtf does that even mean?
your constituents are marching with you in London!
thank you!
You are the present and the future! 
Thank you senator!
Thank you for marching with, fighting for, and representing women in New York State! @SenGillibrand
what rights no one will tell me I'm a woman and I still have my same rights
how about equal pay and the right to choose for a start?  More importantly, it's a march for equality for everyone
I've always made more money than my male counterparts still do Hillary paid women less than men what now
that's great for you, but you are in the minority.  Not all women are that lucky.
and also not all women apply themselves to get ahead I know a lot who are happy where they are getting by
may be true of some, but not all.  And as I said, this is about rights for all, including the LGBT community
and sessions fought for civil rights he prosecuted the head of the KKK and got the death penalty for a kkk..
Hallo he has a black past
Why did you vote No on General Mattis as Secretary of Defense?  Please advise.  Thanks.
, Where were you when @BarackObama was massacring/killing women/girls/families the past 8 years #WomensMarch #Silent?
KG42020!!!!
Kirsten 2020!
So proud to have you as my Senator. Thank you for fighting for women and families! #WomensMarchOnWashington
unless you're pro life.
anti-abortion women are there just not in the platform.
