@bittergrama how simplistic. 
or maybe someone that actually believes in public education
maybe way back when you were a teacher. They taught. Now they are just a unionized jungle.
u don't know anything about the profession or the people who teach
when I went to scl, supplies were provided. Now the Ed sec makes plenty of money and no supplies.
that has more to do w state property taxes & how they fund public education then the fed gov
I know, but it's like that on every level county, districts, state and federal.
She may be wrong, I agree but, private schools r also valuable part of US #education that should not be considered the enemy
private schools won't go away but shouldn't take $ away from public schools and should be held to same standards.
Canada found a way. At any rate deserve respect not disdain from my Senator. They educate our kids too
I didn't see any disdain. She didn't mention them.
Lack of creds is valid reason 2 reject not her support 4 private educ which has storied quality tradition
I have nothing against private school and said as much just not at the expense of public school
No to DeVos - she is beyond unquakified
Wrong choice indeed! Shameful Administration Pence just confirmed a rigged system. It's all about the $$$$, special interests
the Republicans should stand with you voting #VoteNoDevos
well per devos we need guns to keep schools safe from grizzlies. Cuz ya, out here in Bklyn there's lots of them here.
when is the final vote?
An adult can choose abortion but can't have a choice in schools for their children! See anything wrong with this?
you have a choice it's about not taking away from public schools to make education big business
Possible contender for the broken Democratic Party? I think maybe so... 
you were the wrong person
let's create a Twitter storm by retweeting this message! #StopDeVos
Letting parents have a choice over where to send kids is not worth committing to,? You won't bite the hand that feeds you...
I don't know 1 teacher who supports her. That should tell u something. Even the Trumpiest ppl I know in ed don't support her
Ppl who have safe jobs with a monopoly rarely support competition.
I'm sorry you think otherwise, but you're wrong.
Your rant is a perfect ex of what's wrong with the system: Technocrats with lingo protecting themselves, ignoring parents
that is BS. Parents have a ton of power and SOMETIMES (not always) that is part of the problem.
OK now we have it: According to the self-serving system, parents have too much choice already. Wow. Tell that to poor parents
School choice does nthng but disadvantage the students who still can't afford to leave. Resources /opportunities dwindle.
We r requesting all refugees be settled in your neighborhood  none of u live with them
couldn't agree more. Hoping everything possible is being considered to keep DeVos from being confirmed.
@TaySchilling the Teachers union and Randi Winegarten stole enough from kids
please tell GOP senators the same!!
I would think plagerizing would eliminate her?  But look at all the crap tRump has done...sigh.
you are absolutey right!
THANK YOU. Vote NO!
I actually just called the Headmaster's office at Baron Trump's school in NYC. I voiced my overwhelming concern about #devos
Thank you! Keep up the good fight!
@TaySchilling keep up the good work sena
Appreciate all your hard work, but please now convince one more Republican Senator of that to ensure DeVos is not approved.
please tell me u will filibuster her and sessions?? The whole cabinet is frightening 2b honest #ResistTrump
Thank you for being a voice of reason. @SenGillibrand #StopDeVos
thank you !!
Find one more Republican with a conscience. Our kids are the future.
as a mom of a child with Down Syndrome, I thank you!!!! We need more senators like you!
thank you for your words against her on the floor right now!!! #NotoDeVos #DumpDevos #BetsyDeVos
I went to public schools and taught in private schools. DeVos is the worst choice possible. A no vote vs. her is critical.
.@SenGillibrand Thank you for standing up for the radical idea that cabinet members should have expertise in their field! NO to DeVos!
WHY is she getting voted through? WTH is wrong with people? Is there anything left we can do? This is insane.
At Yemeni protest against the "Muslim Ban",a lawyer from OHIO told me her Republican family thinks "ONLY of THEIR OWN CHLDRN"
"Republicans must love their children too?!"
Please fight back and do not approve !
@MissyHelliot unfortunately since she is the "byproduct" of @POTUS election. She is the "best?" of @SenateRPC . sad but true
I think charter schools are the way to go btw where do you send your sons to school ?
So PROUD you are our leader!  Please keep fighting for all of us! So PROUD
Please try and convince @SenToomey that @BetsyDeVos is a bad choice of Ed. sec. #DumpDeVos
also the most basic competence. Imagine anyone else applying for a job and knowing so little about it.
Thank you for your service Senator Gillibrand.
isnt that the real question, choice.  CHARTER SCHOOLS confirm now
@Brooke888888 FIGHT HARDER
Great to hear, sadly the rest of the Democratic party are double jointed when it comes to the opposition.
You are the wrong choice for America, right choice for Islam.
Agree, Senator.
safe like the rioting at Berkeley?  Oh wait, those are liberals so that's "ok". #partisangames #notmysenator #TermLimits
no to DeVos. Begging you and schemer to fight McConnell over SCOTUS! Can't play nice! #whentheygolowwegorough
but what about the rascism in american school do yu think will be ended for this president?
TY @SenGillibrand
#NoDevos She's WRONG for the Job!
Trump can nominate someone else!
OUR CHILDREN'S LIVES ARE AT STAKE!
#EDUCATION IS LIFE!
thank you for your courage. Thank you for standing with the people. @SenBernie @CoryBooker @keithellison @KeithOlbermann
Impeach Donald trump
Yes please! And thank you for remembering us when you vote! Weird that's so unusual.
She's there to close public schools. This white racist GOP and Cabinet are not here for regular Americans.
Agree. Public funding should go to improving the American ideal of free, equal, public education.
RESIST AND ENCOURAGE OTHER SENATORS TO RESIST ALSO..
thank you for voting AGAINST DeVos!!!  Thank you for letting our kids get educated!!
you're a superstar
Just need one more with the strength to do what's right! #VoteNoDevos
just ask anyone in favor, Et tu, Brute? #DeVos #America
thank you for your intended NO vote on the nomination of #cruelladevos #educationsecretary
thank you for your commitment to the people of NY, and all of America. Please #StopDeVos #incompetent #ResistOften
thank you for having more sense than many around you! #Gillibrand2020 :)
And when that doesn't work which it doesn't, let parents have a choice. By the way, who's paying for this anyway?
You should talk. NY schools have metal detectors and failing grades. Mothers worry about their child's safety. I'm a NY Mom.
please keep fighting
thanks for your strong opposition to #devos!
.@SenGillibrand I'm proud you're my Senator and that you're taking a stand!!! #ResistHate
thank you, Senator!
Thank you for voting w a conscience Senator.
My @Sen_JoeManchin has no integrity, instead of fighting he votes like the GOP
I agree!
Thank you!!!
Thank you for leading the charge. #StandWithPP #saynotodevos #gunsense #ProudNyer
@1in5awareness ..and back in Canada, so are Elgie and Paparrelly @YRDSB. @YRDSBKids  @TorontoStar
safe schools? How about a great education. Teacher's unions support teachers not students. Inner city schools are a disaster!
Thank you for standing up and speaking truth! #Resist
Please,we need some answers on Trump/Putin & the Russian interference in the US election. This should be the priority.
VoteNoDevos
keep up the fight convince your colleagues on the other side of the aisle that Betsy Devos is the wrong choice for education
@TaySchilling yes yes yes
You sound hysterical not logical, remember you are a US senator.
Thanks for your good work Senator Gillibrand!
I'm a Brooklyn educator. What is the most important thing my teacher community can do to stop DeVos in these last few days?
What else can we do? She is SOOO wrong for Education!
Keep calling GOP senators.
Typical..while NY is an absolute mess..obscene taxation..corruption and on and on you play it like you've done your job.
Thank you! #novoteforDeVos
She has no background in education, her charter schools have no accountability, and wants to destroy public education
I'm so glad I voted for you.
FIGHT, like our world is on fire; because it is. FIGHT; as if it's our last day.
Thank you!  Even with trump, we can get a better nominee.
@YMBBastepaway Thank you... All our children count on a strong public school...We pub.sch teachers appreciate;No #BetsyDeVos
.@SenGillibrand Thank You for continuing to fight for our children. Grateful to have a true champion in the Senate.
@Val_76 @SenGillibrand what about me Valerie do I not count I am your child
but what about the bears? >.< thanks, Senator. Proud to have voted for you.
2020, please?
@epandora
thank goodness we have a strong voice like you senator.
Our schools don't even work! Stop being a lackey to terrible unions and do your job! Advise & CONSENT! Come on!
Tell me how the Obama's public education got them 2 HARVARD? MINE GOT A COLLEGE DEGREE 2. 
Affirmative action for women and minorities such as those born in Kenya and Nairobi!
thank you foe standing up for our country's public schools
amazing how everyone talks and talks but all Trumps picks will be accepted. Pathetic how nobody will actually stand up to him
Thank you for voting NO
Have you visited a public school latetly Senator? Trust me it certainly is not working now.
please don't stop fighting for the children Education.
You're one of the few Congressmen/women with any backbone against this fascist regime
Will you be in committee  on this I sure hope so we sent you to Washington to do the peoples work not be a no show
You are the best thing to happen to New York.
I suppose you could be onto something when you compare her to high taxes,crime, De Blasio and Schumer.
Betsy DeVos isn't qualified to run a  traffic school, much less the Department of Education.
You know Gillibrand the planet/wildlife are under crisis & all you talk about is free pap smears for women, do somethg useful
You are amazing.
@IndianaTalks effective learning or govt indoctrination.
@deejay90192 I hope @SenToomey feels these way u do. @SenToomey we r watching u in PA
please urgently all of your fellow democratic colleagues to vote no. We need you to stand up for us.
Thank you!
You know charter schools in NY are public schools. You attended Emma Willard? Not a local public school. School choice a must
she did not confirm John King. Thank u Senator for voting against that confirmation. That was courage
We need some good news on Monday - PLEASE just one more Rep to vote no to DeVos. These are our kids!  #noDevos
And now Jerry Falwell, Jr. is joining the circus.  This country is going down the tubes and all people care about is Party.
spoke to ur office earlier - an absolute Pleasure!  Love your NO votes - Keep it up!  Oppose ALL & Get this lunatic OUT ASAP!
@SenGillibrand Ya'll, this representative is the only one who voted "No" to Bannon/Trump's picks.
thank you! It's gotta be tough on the hill these days and I'm grateful. Can you also work on getting Bannon out of the WH?
get the other Senators on your page!
please try to convince a few republicans on this issue. DeVos is dangerous
RIGHT ON!!!! Thx!!
This educator feels heartened by your vocal opposition--thank you, senator!
@DonnaFEdwards The Children of America need you to win this battle for their futures. #Stand
vote no!!!
The special interest groups  controlling our schools & politicians have failed. DeVos can bring needed change.
TY 4 voting  no for DeVos.All children need & deserve a Sec of Ed who supports & understands pub education!! @nysut @AQE_NY
@marcylauren Please find one more GOP senator to vote with you!
Get MajorTechCo to Massena Ny. Build FiberNTWRK on Xmission lines.Move data not physical parts. Save UpStNY!DREAMBIG! Jobs!
one. More. Vote.
And if she did indeed plagiarize part of her reply to questions, THAT should be disqualifying immediately.
Well said.
agreed! my 10 year old daughter (who happens to have Down syndrome & is included in gen ed) & I thank you for your support!
Wrong again Kirsten.  Teachers unions kill the education of students.  You are on the wrong side.
you don't think that 200 million in donations should buy a seat at the table? C'mon, how's about 250?
tell @robportman NO DeVos!
talk to the GOP, get one more, send a message that someone in DC puts our kids ahead of party
But grizzly bear attacks are down 2000%
u have been wrong senator for NY for years!
Agreed!
a deplorable choice! Some what sinister!
contact your congressmen & women
no, senator, Betsy DeVos is the PERFECT choice.  Dems have given us crappy schools, ignorant kids, and leftist propaganda.
WRONG! She's the right choice True, she won't focus on protecting the entrenched public school system - she'll focus on KIDS!
thank you for continuing to stand up for what's right!
who says she's the wrong choice you & the liberal teachers unions. What about parents being able to choose their kids school,
I am a public school teacher, yet I believe many public schools are not meeting the educational needs of our kids!!!
Thank you for standing up for our nation's future.
Go visit a public school tomorrow you will worry about the future.
Stay strong! Keep fighting against the #SwampCabinet
I know more about American education than she does and I am British
Keep fighting the good fight, senator!
Thank you for fighting the corruption and injustice taking place in the Trump Administration.
next time U are up for reelection I WONT be voting for u!
@eveldread That's why Frederick Douglass opposes her.
but no school is safe as long as there are grizzlies about....
....Thank you.....becoming a fan ......
Thank you for standing up and fighting, Senator Gillibrand! Keep up the good work! We have your back!
You are awesome! And u share the same first name as my fiance! Keep fighting for our children & I will fight to make u #46!
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand for your unwavering commitment to quality education for all! Deeply appreciated! Regards!
Thank you for sticking up for us.
Thank You!
Thank you!
So was Nikki Haley and you voted for her. Can't wait to meet the Progressive candidates that will be replacing all Dems.
Too true!
thank you, Senator Gillibrand! So proud to have you as one of my Senators!
safe schools and NOT FROM BEARS.
girl did you not vote for Carson
DeVos is the right choice. Confirm her @SenateGOP  & purge the educational system of leftist thought. 
#MAGA
why don't some of your Republican friends see that she is bad for education. Thanks for standing up for children.
Wrong! She's the right choice!!!
how can we convince Senator Toomey.  He's disconnected all his phones 
Please tell your GOP counterparts this and as your constituent, thank you for speaking up.
@SenCoryGardner Senator Gardner you need to hear this! Vote NO on DeVos
But she's really rich and paid all the right guys!
To be fair, she wants to keep schools safe from grizzly bears - and IDEA. No to DeVos!!! #DeVosFacts
Good luck, ma'am. *sigh* #ImpeachTrump #BenedictDonald #TheResistance 
Been cool to learn about you and your colleagues outside of NC
thank you, she's also shown a lack of empathy for children with disabilities!
Thank you for all the fighting you've done, Senator.
tell 'em girl
But who will stop the bears??
You are a hero!  Much love and respect for all you do!  Thank you!
