Easy remove the 12 million illegals that will free up some money stop entailment programs.
Enough with your scare mongering Kiki. U dems do nothing to help the USA. Support @POTUS to #MAGA.
@jennybethm
#DefundPP
#FullRepeal
@POTUSwants ppl working. It's a shame that ur party crushed jobs for 8 years. If ppl work and taxes are cut, ppl can afford food. #Econ101
You're so out of touch
Tell the kids' parents to step up and feed their own.
If they are illegally here then they should not be on food stamps.
It's unconscionable you try to make POTUS look like he doesn't care about kids because he wants to cut the abused entitlement programs.
KIRST-HE IS TRYING TO GET IMPOVERISHED PEOPLE TO PLANT GARDENS AND RAISE GOATS AND CHICKENS
Raise goats and gardens in the projects and city tenements or at Trump Tower?
Reminder: Not one @GOP has condemned the millions spent on golf trips 
THIS is how you want your tax $ spent?!

#BudgetsAreMoralDocuments
Yeah golf trips OBUMMER took. POTUS doesn't even take a salary and you have the audacity to complain!! Far fewer trips than Obummer.
Too many ppl take advantage! You know how few ruin for many? This needs to be monitored so ppl who need help get it, those that don't r out
It's only the children by default. If the parents are not working, make them! Using SNAP as a supplement is 1 thing, another to abuse it!
Over 50% of the children living in Appalachia are living in poverty. The highest poverty rate for children is in Owsely, KY, with 65%. 
Yet these are the areas where trumpet dumbly won so many votes-but they didn't think about The things that they were warned about
Most are illiterate (analog & digital). They are sitting ducks and the perfect prey for somebody as shameless as Trump.
Then people who can't afford to feed children need to quit having them. Many have more kids to get more benefits. Has to stop somewhere.
What is unconscionable is Steve King of Iowa said to take the food stamps because the recipients are fat and use that money to build wall.
I stand with you 
This has no business being a federal expenditure, unless we're just going to forgo the whole "independent" state experiment!
GOP values can't accept that others don't have the same opportunities they had. Somehow it is supposed to be the fault of the disadvantaged.
The more people go back to work the more you reduce benefits. Common sense snowflake!!!
Yes genius, so creating better paying jobs is key. But u r against raising min wage. Guess you r 4 kids working? Snowflakes create blizzards
That's another conversation, snowflake.
No, it is all related, Trumpkin.
I'm a Conservative, not a Trumpkin. You obviously know nothing of economics or business if you think increasing minimum wage is a solution.
Hey Gillibrand, what percentage of those people are able to work but choose not to?
Sounds like they would still be a priority and get food stamps. You could cut 50% and kids would still be ok. Is that what you are saying?
Not to mention the large percentage that are military families.  I thought he loved the military?
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/07/04/food-stamp-rolls-plummet-in-states-that-restore-work-requirements.html …  So, you are against work?
Their parents need jobs but you'll keep them dependent won't ya? I worked in a welfare office in CA they're 
 generational
Then pass reform bills that cut the waste. Start with making it impossible to use food stamps for junk food.
How many are illegal and have you looked where the greatest number of user are from.
Don't you ever look at the unbelievable amount of fraud that is taking place within this program. It is insane that over 50+mil are on it.
My hugs  everyone
trumpet dumbly doesn't care if children are getting The proper nourishment to eat, all hecares about is getting his two scoops of ice cream!
Imprison food stamp violators is a better solution
Don't have kids if you can't provide for them so someone can pay for it...some ppl have kids just so hey can get FS
THAR SHE BLOWS, AGAIN. MOBY DICKLESS
And their parents are responsible for feeding them---NOT the government.  Welfare is so abused in many states it's not even funny.
America feeds anyone who needs to eat. Thank you Senator Gillibrand. You are showing compassion and leadership.
For the party that believes in life. I guess it ended at birth????
More people working means fewer people need food stamps which means you can make cuts for it in the budget.
If half of the recipients are children seems we could cut the budget in half. #MAGA #Foodstamps are #welfare
How many of that 1/2 are anchor babies?
Trump is bringin jobs that Obama wrote off. All Dems hav to offr is anothr govt program Nothin to create jobs so ppl can prospr witout govt
It is unconscionable and the other half are probably his supporters. I don't get it.
Who are the other "over half" that are recipients? And are they the ones that are going to feel the cuts and not the kids??
Buy a clue.
11% of SNAP recipients are elderly folks living off of social security. W/out SNAP a lot of people will end up in nursing homes.
And then taxpayers will be paying for their nursing care... i. e. huge increases in Medicaid payments. This WH is incredibly shortsighted.
Sen. Gilllibrand, how do I organize ppl to advocate for families, not to have SNAP benefits cut ? Need ideas, pls. @Brantinghamgirl
Unconscionable is how he rolls
Perhaps it's the half that aren't kids he's targeting? But you were quiet when Obamacare took Govt aide from 100k in America
I worked full time w/overtime & w/o food stamps years ago I would have had to choose between feeding my 2kids or keeping our apartment!
My nephew and his girlfriend received almost $1000 a month in food stamps. They have 2 kids. But the kids were taken away 4 years ago.
And yet they still were receiving food stamps still at $1000 a month... The system is broken and needs to be fixed.  I agree with Trump
Huh??? Are you on crack??? Parents ask for food stamps not children. How do you figure children are the only one receiving food stamps?
Let's see. No birth control, no abortion, so your babies can have no health care , no food no education. Sadists.
Nobody in America should go hungry least of all our children. The food that elites waste could feed a population. We can afford to do better
Gillibrand/ Harris 2020!
We need to get back to basics. Living off social welfare programs pays too well.
Louder
Absolutely!
WON'T SOMEONE THINK OF THE CHILDREN?
Shameless 45 doesn't have a conscience!
Why are those parents not feeding their children?  Why am I?
If he doesn't think about them they will disappear and be invisible.   Sounds good. Problem solved.  NOT!!!!@
They can't contribute to GOP candidates. So, they're irrelevant.
Then get to work and stop complaining
If I have 2B drug tested randomly 4my job recipients of public aid should have2 do so as well if for no other reason than2 PROTECT children.
Unfortunately a lot of that $ meant4 children goes2 feed parents' substance abuse problems (until kids end up in foster care). Sad reality.
Protest, call, email your Representatives
I suggest you donate some of your millions then if you are concerned

Press on Senator, we need your  resoluteness
Do I hear bootstraps? 
Unaffordable health care affects all age categories- why don't you support #UniversalHealthcare ???
Kellyanne Conway: "those children should just get jobs!"
You know Trump and his minions all must believe children are "No Longer Children After They Are BORN"
2) How can you deprive a child of food? @Ivanka @FLOTUS ..  plus, cld you sleep at night knowing that your child is hungry? Pathetic POTUS!
1) My hope is that 1 day these (Sorry Humans) get to experience the hardships that many Americans face on a daily basis.
I agree! Normally wouldn't wish hardships on anyone, but some people need to experience other people's shoes.
No, I don't either, but, maybe they would have a little more compassion. None of them know what it's like to be without! 

NotMyPresident
Lord knows, he could miss a few meals..
I would describe it as despicable, immoral, egregiously horrendous, satanic and unforgivable.   But then, what else would you expect?
trump is subhuman, has no compassion at all!
Casual disregard for human life is part of the job description 4 an American leader these days. How 2 deal with a potus that kills his own?
because he's
20 trillion in debt, what's your plan, Senator?
There is No end too how low @realDonaldTrump will go, the guy is just horrible
Children apply for and receive food stamps??
I used food stamps as a kid. I had a single mother who, GUESS WHAT, worked full time but still didn't make enough to support us. DON'T CUT.
All those little kids are getting themselves down to the SNAP office and signing up? 
Really?
So what's your idea to address deficit, which hurts the poor disproportionately BTW, miss know it all? Lemme guess, raise taxes. Of course
This is systematic murder of the lower class & disabled. The "useless eaters" in the US. When will you address it? We've seen this before.
and MANY are from military families! Shameful!
You and Chuckie boy are quick to spend my money. That's right, MY MONEY. I am a taxpayer, and am glad Pres. Trump is trying to reduce taxes!
how do children apply for food stamps? #usa #USPolitics

Love reading comments. Even on food stamps children go hungry. It's time for the American people to help address childhood hunger
The government is not a charity.  You know who is?  Charities.
Get serious. Stupid statement Who produced the children that they  could not afford Let their parents get a job
Because there isn't any fraud in that system
Worded properly that should read almost half of food stamps users claim they are for children when they are really for cigarettes & beer.
Get undeserving people off the rolls. Drug test and put in work requirements
WTF
Seniors also receive a large portion of food stamps.
Liar!
That shouldn't surprise you. He couldn't care less about children or anyone but himself.
If it hurts Americans he'll do it.  Putin is his boss and Putin hates America.  All evidence to support this comes from @realDonaldTrump
Exactly, we need to focus on our own citizens instead of taking in more problems from other countries
Standing up against this is important.
MR PRESIDENT IF YOU WERE POOR !AND YOUR CHILD WAS HUNGRY !WHAT WOULD YOU WANT ?AND DO!
actually, their deadbeat parents are the recipients. I gave kids, where is my free food
And he should get rid of those pesky child labor laws too! Damn free loader kids. (Please note sarcasm)
Their parents are selling them in the black market. Contact me and I'll take you to the corner in my town where you can buy them.
Since @realDonaldTrump @POTUS There are now 1.1 million less Americans on welfare!   #MAGA
I bet if these parents STOPPED buying cigarettes, liquor, drugs they'd have $ to feed their kids.
I bet if these addicts STOPPED buying supplies so they didn't go through withdrawals and end up worse off
There Daddy's should have given them $1M like his daddy gave him.
Cut funding for food, cut funding for education & cut funding for healthcare. Now that sounds pro-life doesn't it? #magamyass
The adults speed them! The children are the reason they get them but not why they spend them!
He doesn't see these people as the recipients of food stamps.
Yes, they supposedly care about them before they're born, afterward to hell with them!!  That's why NEVER GOP for me since 1968!!!!
Don't cut any1, fingerprint every1 collecting food stamps & insert a work requirement, would u be in favor of that, if not, cry me a river

Yet they were cut throughout Obama's term. Hope you tweeted then too
Many military need them to provide food to family!! Trump so anti veteran! @SenDuckworth @RepSwalwell
trump does not like children, except perhaps white girls over the age of ~12.  So cutting SNAP for children is quite logical.
Cut some of them, not all of them. Stop stirring up lady! Get people jobs so they can support their children, @potus is, 1,000,000 so far!
Please run for president 2020, please!
Who in the fuck (I know you don't care foul lenguage) is having all these kids? And they'll be taken care of... @POTUS has a big heart 
It's tough to make someone conscionable. Hence the need to educate and confront like you are doing. Thank you senator.
It is, & Republicans are hypocrites when they claim to be pro-life.
They are pro-birth, after you arrive in this world you're on your own. According to the GOP the churches and your neighbours will care 4 you
Not sure they R pro-birth either, they want to cut PP which helps with pre-natal issues. They R anti-abortion & would rather the mother die.
His children aren't starving so he doesn't care.
He has no conscious, so, unfortunately, he cannot be unconscionable
@realDonaldTrump prefers bombing & only if kids are killed, then he'll do something odd with no impact, don't look to him for help #inept
We have an obesity crisis driving up healthcare costs. We can fucking cut food stamps!
The fact is. Trump only cares about Trump Children. It's sad but true he's only looking out for himself.
He's a monster
Freeloaders should get a job instead of going to school
HE IS A GREEDY HEARTLESS MAN!
What are politicians doing to get people off of #foodstamps in the first place?? They're meant as emergency help, not a way of life.
The trend will be for fewer jobs as automation continues. Look at the bigger picture. Malnutrition in kids casts long shadows!
A country like ours that can't feed people can't be called 'Great'...
That's not true!The recipients are adults, some adults don't use it to buy their children food, children are not given food stamps.
Please go #MAGA somewhere else...

And stop making false generalizations unless you have proof.
Many are in red states.
I'm sure the #ProLife folks will TOTALLY step up and feed these kids.   #amiright #AMIRIGHT (Sarcasm)
Well they have to! You must have the baby! #FoodStamp. Religious people are the most judgement
That's a bigoted statement.
You ok with fraudulent claims?  Lets tighten up, trim abuse.
Pull yourself up by your...Children's Place bootstraps, presumably
Trump Jr. Is a boy, didn't know working with Russia was wrong. Kids on food stamps need to fend for themselves. Sick. Tnx u Mrs. Gillibrand.
You don't understand basic economics. Stop being a demagogue. Read a book. Enough.
We shouldn't take away from the kids but have you ever gone into a supermarket and people paying with food stamps and they have designer 1/
Bags, jewelry and hair and nails done! Then they get mad that they can't buy junk food do they whip out a credit card to pay 2/
What was it .@realDonaldTrump said? Something like ....Oh the babies! I guess that only applies to some dictators.
One positive abt Trump - as a threat to America, rebuttal gives people a chance to re-learn detail of what government does for its citizens.
Maybe their parents could go to work
Really kids are the future of america
What will we have left of US for leaders to be when Trump is looking for profits in war
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS He doesn't care!! It has no impact on him so it doesn't matter! Narcissist in Chief is all about himself and R's!!
Most food stamp recipients are considered the working poor. Wages are essentially stagnant. Cruelty beyond comprehension!
Then explain designer handbags and acrylic nails
Lol lol because their parents are to lazy to work! Children don't receive food stamps ! Stop lying
and a big % are Trump voters.
every single thing that he does is unconscionable...
Pay stagnated while rent & food prices went up. Food stamp recipients have jobs, simply can't make ends meet. It's not a personal failing.
It is a personal failing
If not for food stamps by siblings and I would have most certainly starved. Please help these children without a voice.
He has no conscience
So true, unfortunately the President has no conscience!
Go give the poor sandwiches. Hands out of my pockets thank you
