The liberals hide the fact that millions of people are suffering because of this government healthcare, people dying on the stretchers,
Patients waiting to be seen by a doctor die on the strechers in the hospital, Universal healthcare? that Rationed care.
KG, cut the BS. It makes sense for a bankrupt govt to seize 1/5 of its country's economy-why in your eyes must the only solution be by govt?
What isn't going to be a victory?? Telling drs how much medication a patient needs with blanket laws limiting drs!! Addicts still get it!
Blanket laws like the one sponsored by you and @SenJohnMcCain  only punish & hurt ppl who use valid meds appropriately! I've seen 1st hand!
@SenSchumer Please stand up for the people in Puerto Rico.  We are all Americans and they need our help.
So you won saving a failing system!  That to a Dem is a win!
Where is the $2500 savings you clowns promised me? #LYINGLIARS
What world do you live in?
That's just a different sort of fight. We can't let either party hv enough votes to get past a filibuster ever again - you can't be trusted.
Flip? It's time to clean house with all incumbents. Interests have become self serving.
You call saving a disaster hurting ppl with outrageous premiums & deductibles making healthcare unaffordable to buy or use a victory?? Sad
Sen Gillibrand is only interestd in playin politics not our best interests. Her solution is single payer which is a bigger disaster than ACA
Gillibrand is my misrepresentative. I know more than I care to.
This democrat now sends donations to republicans.
What happened to avg family of 4 saving 2500 dollars a year proven 100 percent lie
Gruber the writer of obamacare says thank God voters are so stupid to let dems pass screw job obamacare
Thank so much. ObamaCare is a #FAIL! You liked to pass with Dems only, passed SCOTUS due to it being a tax. You #LIE!
Absolutely!
And work together on both sides instead of acting like children.
3 times higher avg premiums for less coverage the robbing of frannie mae and Freddie Mac of billions to pay for obamacare real victory
Obama said over and over again... If you like your healthcare then you can keep your health care.
Obama said time and time again... If you like your doctor then you can keep your doctor. Lied through his teeth..
Really? The last I read Obamacare is on the ropes! Why don't you respond to that problem?
Great. No discussion about making a good deal for the country now, just concerned about gaining a political advantage for the party.
I am disappointed with you big time.  You think it was a victory about healthcare, when all the democrats chose to do nothing, shame to Dems
We're working on it here on the ground, believe me!
More "Invisible Work" 
Register...and vote. Dont' let anyone get in the way of your vote.
FOCUS on TAXATION! WithOUT Representation Women Pay 80% Taxe$ WithOUT ANY SAY!
How bout trying to fix Obamacare...instead of playing partisan politics,  work w other side on real solutions.
THE FIGHT WON'T END UNTIL WE GET GILLIBRAND AND SCHUMER OUT OF OFFICE MAKE NEW YORK GREAT AGAIN VOTE SCHUMER AND GILLIBRAND OUT
I love you! Can I buy you dinner?  I'm serious. 
PR next. Call Congress 202 224 3121 and WH 202 456 1111 urge for immediate action. Planes should be airlifting ppl out of the airport today.
#Resist all of us need to vote!!!  We need to gain the majority back in the Senate. House? republicans CANNOT control all congress/WH/SCOTUS
Walked by your office today on the way to meet w Sen Portman & said to my partner: "everything a senator should be." Thanks for fighting!
Oh so happy to live in a state that is controlled by 16 of 62 counties!  Stay out of my wallet!
Unfortunately, HC is not saved. Congress needs to fix ACA. It’s not working. It’s unaffordable for users and not sustainable 4 taxpayers.
Thank you for doing a terrific job.
@SenatorLankford @JimInhofe @RepMullin I believe this was aimed in your direction. Start looking for another job. You cannot be trusted
The fight won't end until we primary every member of congress pushing to keep insurance in health care...Single Payer/Medicare for All!
How much does the healthcare plan cost for congress members?
Flip the house? It will never happen. Eventually we will have new healthcare whether you like it or not.
I was reading article bout the three republicans said they'd b voting I thought how dumb the rest r 4 throwing away there political careers
Please help Puerto Rico! Ask @POTUS to lift the Jones Act
AND the White House. Trump would never sign a bill good for most Americans' care instead of just a tax break for the very wealthy.
AND publicly funded elections, as I heard you say the other night on the Chelsea Handler show. I support that wholeheartedly, at $7 or $70.
Started working on that today!  Blue wave!
https://peacewellness.wordpress.com/2016/12/09/quick-easy-accurate-free-voting/ …  I would like to see cities initiate neighborhood "polling parties" where people practice voting&call in#s to center
THANK YOU FOR YOUR RELENTLESS SUPPORT OF AMERICAN FAMILIES &OUR HEALTHCARE. WE WILL NOT FORGET! YES WE WILL @swingleft IN 2018! #RESISTANCE
Republicans are doing fine, there will be no turning Congress and Senate your way. God bless President Trump...
You're on your way out, we're flipping out all the members that are standing in the way of We the People


Is there any way you can work with Sen. Collins, Sen. Murkowski and McCain to find a way to improve ACA? #NoRepeal #FixIt
Sad thing is its all just a us vs them game to u. U don't really giv a damn about our healthcare. If u did u wouldn't b pushin single payr.
#flipthehouseandsenate
Let's get yo work.
Great job, hey when Obamacare implodes because soon instead of 40 million now without care will you at least women up and say sorry people?
Trump needs to go!
I like your optimism, but do you really think the fight will end if there?
Well we now have Roy Ray Moore to help us.  Leather vest, big hat, tiny gun.
How can we spearhead an effort to offer ride shares / day care / respite care for people who need it t get every voter in NY & USA out??
Word!
Flip this! U are applauding the death of democracy and the rise of socialism!
#resist
Lots of luck
Clean repeal. Then work together for Free Market for better choice, costs. Pay for the level and coverage desired. Get to work!!!
If New York your side also does not care my situation, I'll can not subscribe your newspaper any more.
People want the same insurance plan that members of congress have. That seems democratic to me.
I heard they are all in the ACA exchanges already but we need to check that out.
Thank you for your decency and for serving America again.
Everyone is going broke on Obamacare
I wouldn't get to excited about flipping anything. Bwahahaha
Oh we are flipping baby!
You are right and we carry on the fight. We will win because now we have seen just how bad things can get. Please run for POTUS.
Thanks @SenGillibrand
All you did was guarantee the slow miserable death of the crappy Obamacare law.  And the Dems own it
Or we see a return to bi-partisan governing.
You may have won but you hurt voters and they gave a good memory
Everyone with skyrocketing healthcare costs or no insurance provider will thank you. You lied  took their plan & doctor raised their costs
Spoken like a true leader, my Senator.
Leader? She doesn't have an original thought, she can't pee without Schumer's permission. Leader, what a ioke
Healthcare is when you take care of your own health.  The government always fails at social programs.
Great job reaching across the aisle for all of us!
26.5% increase in payments this year under ACA. Where will I get the money?  This is a tax.
You had it all in 2010 and foisted ACA on us.  Think we're going to trust you on this subject?
And we can't wait to do so!
Can't happen soon enough
When we get some ponies we'll talk about when to slow down the fight.

Keep dreaming, that's all the Dems have left.
Repeal!!!
And presidency
What decade would that be?
Thank you Senator
For destroying ny
Sure
We need to join the rest of the developed world and have #SinglePayer
#MedicareForAll  Be the one who leads the new Democratic Party!
Flip the policies away from the corporate Dems' mega-donor wing, then we're talking. Thanks for supporting #Medicare4All
Please remember,All must feel Dems REALLY r n it for THEIR quality of Life, ALL as n African American,Latino,middleclass,less fortunate,ALL
If at first you don’t succeed...try 54 more times and still fail. So much winning.
You call millions unable to afford healthcare a victor? What planet do you live on. Oooh i forgot you live on the exempt planet
This is wrong. You can't make it an "us vs. them" approach to healthcare. We are all in this together.
Democrats are not the ones making it that.
I am responding specifically to KG's tweet, which is definitely that. Both parties need to grow up.
She is accurately describing the situation. As long as the GOP is in power, repeal for the sake of repeal will be on the menu.
I think if #Susan4SenateMajLeader were in charge, it would be different.
I think Mitch is a lunatic who needs to go home. He is bad for all that is good and decent in democracy. WTF is wrong w/ the ppl of Kentucky
It would be different, but the Senate GOP that would choose Collins would be a different collection of people than are currently elected.
That is also true. And those are the people I am rooting for.
Plus, we need funding for existing ACA markets and president to stop sabotaging it.
It is horribly designed and is dying the slow miserable death it deserves as it collapses on its own market ignoring Weight.
Awesome work now let's fix Obamacare and flip the house and senate then #ImpeachTrump
Wow just for the record, I'm a senior and my grandparents were Dems used to tell them $5.00 in the front door $25.00 out the back door! 
Save healthcare? Are you fucking kidding me? You&your traitorous ilk, with your golden health plans should be removed from office! #Traitor
thank you all for stealing my money to pay for others healthcare.  now i have my family to take care and many others. not right or american.
so then how is it a victory?
As an expert do you project that premiums for 2018 will not increase by double digits on top of last years double digits?Deducts decreasing?
Truth!!
Vote! I don't care if you are tired of it all. Vote!!
Republicans keep winning
Please don't make this about politics

should have thought about that before the dems started the defamer and disparager game against 1/2 the country.  game over.
Girl UR dreaming if u really think the Dems will flip anything. The Dems don't have any agenda worth listening to.
#TheResistance  #FlipTheHouse #FlipSenate #DemForce #UniteBlue #Midterms2018 #Tsunami #BlueWaves
Then get to the state level and end the gerrymandering
#VoteOutGOP2018
Now how about let's SAVE PUERTO RICO!
Yes! My island need Congressional action NOW!!! #MaríaPR
Thank God for #WomenInPolitics !
Hahahaha
Republicans are the true enemies of America
WRONG! senators and congressmen/women are the TRUE ENEMIES of the Republic!
