1/2 Tell Kirsten that we R not ready for 3rd world, social medicine.  Give G-C bill a chance, B4 U allow Gov 2 run our HC.  Our country is
Encouraging contraception would help make abortion rare and alleviate the cycle of poverty & crime.  @PPact protects us all.
They have done it for 40 yrs.  I think the message is out there now do it so now lets use that abortion money for some other good causes
Abortion and contraception and women's services are good causes.
Nice pregnant woman picture ... hope she gets a free and safe abortion and votes Democrat all the way!  Good work, Kirsten! Bonus pts 4 U
Yes & she looks about 9 months along - is that not a human being that should NOT be aborted yet PP does just that
... but they do so much that is good, blah, blah ...can't we be nice and excuse the murders? Isn't a mammogram with one or two dead babies?

Maybe women that don't want their kids should stop going on a humping spree when they feel like it. PP=baby killers.
Lie, planned parenthood's primary function is to end pregnancy not to provide health care. Nobody asking to defund ED's or Urgent care's.
Use to vote democrat, but your fear tactics make me sick.  All of you refuse to give input, until your failed Obamacare is saved, geez
At least will be alive/healthy.  Going broke w/OC $1700/mo up from $600 few yes ago.  Disabled widow who will have to soon drop OC & die
4/6 Ca, Ny & Mass take 37% of Medicare funding.  47 state share remaining 63%?  They don't want this windfall of taxpayer funding to end.
dispicible
2/2 20T past broke.  They will offer free, then begin to cut out unhealthy groups, ;like UK.  They can cull pop w/unfortunate contamination?
You can't even get a mammogram at any Planned Parenthood.
They are in the business of selling dead baby parts
Long discounted propaganda about baby parts, people who made the fake videos were charged. Women get a lot from PP- and will continue to
They charged them, not because they weren't real, but because they did it undercover.
They WERE and CONTINUE  to sell baby parts
Stop watching Fox
If women don't know by now how to not get pregnant sorry .  PP taught me 30 yrs ago/others since.  Time to cut cord & spend $$$ elsewhere.
If Gov has power over our healthcare, they can weaponize HC, same way Dems weaponized IRS & unmasking.  Cull Seniors, diabetics or enemies ?
4/4 does this happen, 20yrs after screening?  Did UK cull pop?  UK has announced, prohibitive costs forces them 2 deny Obese (30BMI) & smkrs
3/4 AIDS epidemic, offer AIDS test kit in vending machines, Y not C "free" Dr's?  UK has lost 2400 Hemophiliacs 2 AIDS tainted blood.  How
2/4 really have 2 legislate Gov "accountability"?  Yes!  U will not B treated any better than they treated vets.  UK has free HC.  They have
6/6 Ca & Mass.  Failure 2 pass G-C means,  Dems will flip taxpayers to Single Payer (free) HC.  Like UK, who waits 10 mos for biopsy's?
2/6 true reason for not repealing AHC?  O expanded Medicare 2 cover healthy people of working age.  States receive matching funds 4 every
1/6  Same benefits offered by PP also covered by Title X, except aborts.  PP redundant, has been available since Nixon.  Dems hope to hide
Planned Parenting does NOT need to be funded by our government. Let the private sector fund it. NY taxes too high. Let Madonna & others pay
Infants born without prenatal maternal care will not be as healthy and may suffer birth related injuries.  citizens to be
"That's why we murder the little fetuses we don't want." Great promo for PP. "No fetus will defeat us!" What a great organization. Not!
I don't want my tax dollars funding abortion clinics I would love to see pp defunded
They don't JUST do abortions.
No they also sell dead baby body parts too
Good kill the abortion mill. No tax dollars for abortion.
1/4  Free HC is same as VA Admn for veterans.  Pres Trump Had to intervene, 2 save our vets.  Passed Accountability & Choice Acts.  Did we
5/6  G-C Bill guarantees preexisting coverage.  Beyond that, all HC decisions R made by the state in which U live.  No unfair funding to NY
3/6 person signed up 2 receive Medicare Exp., state receive matching funds.  This is especially lucrative 4 sanctuary states.  Only 3 states
But that IS the point! We forget the misanthropy/mysogyny of the far 'right' [their regressed women, too]! Ain't @ 'pro-life,' really.
MORO AGAIN.
Thx
Yep.  If it weren't for PP I would have had NO idea I had cancer.
Wow, the bots are rampant in the comments here.
Hi laurenokc
I love how you say Planned Parenthood and have a pregnant woman as the picture. The irony.
Why? PP provides across-the-board health services; you ought to research rather than cop to your prejudices.
Government shouldn't fund abortions and the harvesting of said babies for profit. Planned Parenthood does both. Pass the bill on that alone.
That was so stupid it made my head hurt.  Stop watching former CIA shill Alex Jones so much, you're literally losing brain cells.  It's sad.
Lie
Here's how the current bill hurts me.  26.5% increase this year for me.  My income 0% increase this year.  I'm the loser.
Women, minorities,  poor people, children.........They just don't care.
Lie all these populations receive care at ED's and Urgent care not planned parenthood.
I vote in NY.  Inflammatory tactics, your real agenda is?
You only care about yourself. Ok to sell baby parts?  To crush the unborn skull.  As long as you get the choice to decide
And the killing of the unborn
You care for the women but it's ok to rip apart a live  baby to remove it?
What about the harm abortion does to the babies you hypocrite
If you weren't a bot, I would ask you how much time you spend advocating for the things that would make abortion much less necessary? But...

Thank you for keeping focus on ALL details this President is trying to distract us from. You are  #1 choice for Pres in 2020. Please run.
What other ways?  Planned parenthood only serves up abortions. Susan B. Coleman fund,etc help with many women's issues. Educate yourself.
Said before, but very glad to have you and Chuck.as my senators
Keep calling and/or faxing these Senators until Oct 1st! If mailbox is full FAX them: Text RESIST to 50409. They send the fax for you. 
KILL THE BILL
Especially disabled women. #StandWithPP #KillTheBillDontKillUs #ADAPTandRESIST
So it's every hardcore, rich, white, supposed Christian, GOP guy's dream?
Do not let this pass!!!!!!
That's reason enough that #GrahamCassidy should pass.PPH DOESN'T WANT PARENTS  THEY ARE IN THE FETUS BUSINESS & u can't be a parent to a fet
DO SOME DAMN RESEARCH!!!!!
Is that the planned parenthood that you said provides prenatal care?  Still looking for that place. #Liar

PP should be privately funded! They can afford millions in political campaigns don't need our $!
God's, I certainly hope so,Let the sluts pay for their own abortions!
This thread is a bot cesspool
It still pisses me off. This whole country pisses me off. How much more??!!
#ProtectOurCare
