I'll be calling for hearings in the Senate where Congress must demand accountability and transparency from this Administration.
You want Trump to announce his plans on TV? So the enemy can watch too? You know they have access, right? You're wanting to inform the enemy
Please tell us all what you know of any service especially military. We are waiting .
He's talking about making money off of their un-mined natural resources. Worth billions.
You so correct
You are Not on th armed forces committee so shut up
He's tapping their billion worth of unmined  minerals. Listen to his speech.  He sent one of his old white men over this week.
How else can we help afghanistan?
What's ambiguous about killing all the terrorist then leaving?
I think we can also comprehend no Nation building. Thought that was clear as well.
It's kinda like they don't understand "all" as in "...we condemn...racism, bigotry and hate on all sides."  It's that public education.  
Would love to hear a better solution...Trump agrees but his Generals tell him differently. R u saying the Generals don't know best?
Do u offer a better solution?
Where were you for 8 years under King Obama asking the same question?
You want him to give you & MSM the playbook on winning this war?  We are done telling our enemies our plans.  You're a Communist!
Keep up

The good

Work
Just use the same definition Obama did. What was it again?
Found it! The hashtag is really the icing on the cake
When you have generals running the white house,  all they know is war.
Amen
* she's says as if the last 8 years of unsanctioned war, incomprehensible strategies & goalless military actions under Obama never happened
And Trump's over-reliance on his generals is NOT good for our democracy. #ResignTrump
Actually the generals know better than the pussies in congress
Success looks like dead terrorists to me. You should back the @POTUS. He's giving the military what we've always wanted since we started.
What about the terrorists on Charlottesville?
People rioting should be arrested. It's against the law. On either side.
there's the one about peaceable assembly. I'm going to a peaceable  assembly on Wed.Women holding signs don't cause trouble.
What exactly do you know about military service @SenGillibrand ? You've never spent a day in uniform
For you to demean our military is a disservice to our country! #Resign
Based on your tl,it seems u r addressn the Sen. POTUS shld have a plan,he DOESN'T. The Sen is seeking solutions & preven of casualties.
Rise up on this you puke
Why are we sending so much money to that region!! That money could be spent on American health care
Yeah right and I have a bridge to sell you
Trump has no idea what he is doing.
Yep.
Finally our president made a thoughtful speech. Not sharing our strategy with enemy is correct approach. Say something positive when merited
Its because he doesn't have a plan.Its a diversion away from Russiagate
You are another anti trump jerkoff heard from
Agreed.
Follow Victor Marx you'll get the real story as to the real problem there. Don't fly by reg media they're shit.
Well they got weed .... isn't good enough?
So you're saying Obama has done a great disservice to our troops' many sacrifices in Afghanistan. I totally agree, thanks for your honesty
Would you like him to do it Obama style, lay out the battle plan for the enemy to review and counter resulting in more American deaths?
Yawn...
What was a disservice is Obama restricting them from protecting themselves and doing their jobs to begin with.
Go pound rock salt
Ok. Some plan.
That guy couldn't define "success" in Atlantic City. I think Afghanistan is just a little tougher.
What's up w/ all that heroin the US military manages over there?  I bet Erik Prince was disappointed he couldn't commit genocide again.
Just another stupid statement. What will Democrats call success?  Civil war in the USA?   An unlawful takeover of our government?
Were you outraged like this for the past 8 years??
As a marine who did two tours in Afghanistan you have zero idea of what you're talking about. Go home
I hope they use mass quantities of MOAB over there.
Wow!  Another space cadet deflection!  Awesome!  A drunk troll.
Where were you during the Obama years?
North Korea, is what walking away prior to success looks like.
Until @POTUS can define what success in Afghanistan looks like, sending more troops to fight there is a disservice to their sacrifice.
I'm Chuck Shumer and I approve this message.
Hilarious !!! We've been in that Country since Bush senior and it all falls on Trump. Can't erase history...
You should be more concerned that you will not be re-elected. You can always Join Law Guardians who pass children into Pedophile Foster Care
That way U are not moving too far away from what U wereDoingFor
Hillary in the NWO Pedophile Rings out of Haiti.Ur Done,Ur Lies have caught
He clearly told you last night. Were you drunk?
Perhaps you armchair Generals could describe your version of success? Is it like ISIS taking over Mosul?
Look back at the Tapes fool. Obama did this over and over. Where was your big mouth then!
Seriously? Where were you the last 8 years. You are part of the problem. #pettypartisanship partisan
This tweet is 8 years too late 
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
He might as well not send them there at all!
You had no issue abt Afghanistan while President Obama was in office for 8 years, correct?
He heard about the mineral wealth and probably thinks he can line hid pockets at the expense of our military.
and you have magically forgot what obama did for the last EIGHT YEARS.....u liberals in government are so delusional and pathetic
Afghanistan is safer for Black Americans than most US cities and youre mouthing off.

#pathetic
Yes, what are they fight for? Not good enough just to be against something.
Do you even read your tweets before sending them?
Donnie has no idea what he is doing.
AGREE!
Putting him in charge of the military is a disservice to their sacrifice.
Success is 100% pull out of all our people.
Suddenly you're concerned about the war in Afghanistan?  Did you have laryngitis for the past eight years of the Obama presidency?
Quit spending money on hearings..  Get to work and pass legislation...stop obstructing...start fixing..even if u have to help POTUS!
Get us out of the Middle East 
@SenGillibrand, @POTUS is  stronger leader than you or Obama could think of being, for 8 yrs it wasn't a problem, right??
What is your definition of success there or are you just a naysayer with no real ideas?
You're fucking kidding us, right??  Were you asleep the last 8 years????
Where were you during Obama? Oh yeah...under the desk.
Says the hypocrite that didn't care when Obama was president.
Why didnt you ask that of Obama?
Where have you been,,why would MY MARINE have any trust in you
Bush & Obama continued troop deployment for well over 14 years, no complaints, no riots, no care from your side. SHUT UP!
Where was this comment circa 09-17 as Obozo led us from 2 wars to 7??
I'm interpreting you "Now that Pres Obama is gone I'm not for sending troops because @Potus may actually let them win"
where was this during the last 8 years, Youre such a fraud
Hypocrite! Did you demand sake of Obama? Even raise an eyebrow when he was funding terrorists thru Iran?
Where were you the last 8 years?  Seriously?  Not a peep out of you until now?
Can't Understand Normal Thinking
Success, for @POTUS, is racing against the Chines to deplete Afghanistan's  minerals.
Funny, when @BarackObama announced a similar plan, you had no reservations.
Thank you. No more for war, please. I want our troops home! 
You are just afraid that the American people will find out that we have been protecting their poppy fields. Am I right?! #ResignSenator

Success be getting rid of ISIS! It's worked in Iraq, now to do the same again.
Plus asking generals if they need a war is like asking a chef if he needs a restaurant
The great Specificless fake pres @realDonaldTrump!

So why did you not say this when Obama was in office?
And have you been ASLEEP for 8 years???? WTF???
