why can't trump get impeached for being unfit? He's literally wearing people out on a daily basis.
Indeed we do! 
How come you haven't authored any important Senate bills since you were elected ?
She's stupid!
And you my dear have the power to sicken people with your obstructionist attitude.
remember they are just as passionate as you.
WE HAVE THE POWER TO MAKE NEW YORK GREAT AGAIN VOTE GILLIBRAND OUT SHE'S A OBSTRUCTIONIST
Let's begin. 
Q1 Why are so many turned off by Jesus' call for us to be MEEK? #Healthyfaith
Welcome Wesley. Bill here. #healthyfaith
Hello Bill. Hope your handle continues to grow.
I certainly WANT to believe.
Don't mind the bots Senator.  The ones that have very few followers or r new and r rude
Do not let them Repeal and Replace. They will execute 1 and then leave us all to die.
Don't believe a politician EVER. Push for Convention of States for term limits.
Thank you, thank you. Please keep lifting up Americans that feel defeated by this disaster.
If there is no oversight of voting machines how will that happen?
Agreed. I don't have faith in our democracy right now.
:(
U hypocrite & liar, tried to covered up for Schumer,U can not be trusted..Schumer calls flight attendant  'bitch'
Can you help New Yorkers being bullied by Verizon? We need you
http://www.danishhomecelltower.com 
Same holds true for you Senator. You have to power to work with the Republicans.
You like to talk tough and drop the F bomb. But then play the victim when the going gets tough. You can't have both ways.
We know. We elected @POTUS !! #MAGA
Need to converge at The Hill & WH
I do believe the cynics but still try to get out there & change outcomes. You never know. Thanks for supporting Medicare for all.
Help us pass #medicareforall!
Kirsten Gillibrand - The way you throw the F-Bomb around don't go near the children!
Happy #July4
Know anybody that can teach my 535 employees to
#SliceTheDebtInto60Pieces &
#MakeThatPaymentToPrincipalEveryYear
@CR
He says there's money there to fix the problem. You guys awaiting kickbacks or something?
Did you get your cut from cryingchucks railroad money?
@tedlieu @realDonaldTrump Please help rid the white house of the goons and the orcs!

Today GOP:

Defunded fed agency protecting against vote hacking…
Kirsten, even though you're an unscrupulous opportunist, I really like that you're in favor of single-payer healthcare
Agreed! Single payer, free college, ending drug war & interventionist wars, & policing Wall Street possible if we elect the right people.
We The People have all the power when we stand united!
Yes! Only in voting and by taking action can we the American ppl foresee change, and actually make it come to fruition. #Valles2020
Wrong! Nice try! Get to work!
Aspire to be... and make it happen!
IF WE WERE TO  REPEAL WITHOUT A GREAT POLICY !THE ACA WAS NOT PERFECT;  BUT SOMETHING WORSE COULD DESTROY THE ECONOMY ;AND GOVERNMENT!
We already changed things on 08 November 2016 to #MAGA
#Resist 
WE SHOULD ALL PUT OUR EFFORTS IN THE OUTCOME OF THIS HEALTHCA ISSUE ;IT WOULD BE DISASTROUS  FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE; IF THE ACA WERE REPEAL
We did on nov 8th #maga
You inspire me every day, Senator Gillibrand. Thank you for your stalwart voice.
@CNN so Jeffrey is saying basically that Trump is an equal opportunity offender
Ur Delphi constituents are out there & we will prove ur team wrong. It is not legal 2 steal healthcare & pensions from seniors. Please reply
Living in a Blue state and calling on other states' elected politicians and they hang up on me
We did.  We elected Trump.
You're our #shero!! Thank you for all you do!
Your bravery is inspiring.
Now more than ever !
You have the power to vote yes for Kate's Law and hold sanctuary cities accountable
"Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has." ~M. Mead
You'd be a great president.
A big complaint I hear from friends, family, & operatives in NY is the inability to change national outcomes with stable national reps
Preach, woman! 
THIS!  Cynicism and apathy are servants of the status quo.
Can we have a Boston Tampon Party? No taxation w/o representation? Pleeeaaasssseeeee.....? #Resist #Persist Don't let them shut you up.
Kirsten, I am discouraged. I am sad. I know this is the white man's final cheer. What fresh hell is this?
Its growing pains. Ultimately healthy, short term painful and a huge test of our individual resilience, optimism, strength, wit,  empathy.
Yes please run!! #Gillibrand2020
You have the power to try him in the Senate. Dems need the House and call for Impeachment.
Thank you Senator.
A trump supporter being the purveyor of graceful behavior is comical
