Democrats are the Party of Hate
Marchs in Portland, OR. http://abcn.ws/2uS9iGL   & Boston; Rallies~ #BostonFreeSpeech http://bbc.in/2wbwtvs    
1773- 2017
Quit hating back. Nothing changes it just has new faces on all sides. Look in the mirror and see who really looks back.
@melsonite Thank you for posting this
 Sen @SenGillibrand is the only senator who has voted against ALL of DJT's appointments. She doesn't mess around. Wish she was my Sen.
She's a 
Children has 2 do as their hateful parents dictate bcse they can't support themselves! Don't have kids if all u have 2 offer is hate daily!
Letting #Islamists like #LindaSarsour take center stage on important issues current dem leadership is totally out of touch with reality.
Next step: Congressional support for Antifa.  They hate hate so much, they're ready to burn down the country.
WHERE WAS YOUR OUTRAGE WHEN BLM WAS CHANTING DEAD COPS IN A BLANKET IN NEW YORK CITY???
Sure, keep defending the violent, anti-free speech Antifas.

Anti semitism in USA!Racism in capital of NY!Albany remind me Auschwitz!
All hate
Senator you are driving the hate and dividing America. Dead police officers on you and Democrats creating the unrest in America  go home
When you say "push" are you promoting violence?
Always said kids r taught & bread hate n homes that eventually leads 2 jobs,churches,schools,businesses etc. they were created by God 2 !
Your are right! #ImpeachTrump
This is a tragedy Trump supporters
Media controlled by the politically correct  losers who are trying to figure out how to leave a mark in this world. Not building their lives
JimDarrh do you realize that we have a mentally ill person in the White House!
Nothing to do with Democrats or Republicans, He needs to quit
So you're fighting the democrats too?  Great news.

Fight that first
What happened to Russian collusion?  Oh, you've  moved onto next phase of Trump bashing. Nazi, KKK, racist..got it. How about working for NY
Sounds more like Sen Schumer every day. Bash Pres Trump directly and indirectly.

How about this hate?
Push back, yes. Engage in violence, no.
Push back hate in your own Party.
One minute of REAL history given by Dr Carol Swain, professor of Political Science & Law, Vanderbilt University 
#saturdaymorning 
I believe that the freedom of speech should not be a right of those promoting hatred, violence, racism, bloodshed and killing.
I believe every hateful protest should be met with a loud, happy multi-cultural dance party. Show them we love our diversity.
She's never had a problem with running her mouth and spending other people's money. That's easy....the Clintons have done it for decades
#HaveProgressivesForgotten
#CivilWar when
We fought for #Freedom and
#BannedSlavery and
#BannedInvoluntaryServitude
Senator Gillibrand, As an intelligent woman and Senator why don't you go up against the sick man we have in the White House?
The SPLC is every bit the hate group as the KKK. You're in the minority sen. Ideologically and politically
Hate is all I have seen from the democrats since trump won
Have the adults that put that crap on a child been arrested,  they need to be
Hate is in your party! Democrats not republican @SenGillibrand "None dare call it a double standard..."

#Charlottesville
#Barcelona
Hate is good Gilli Brandy, I hate this & will continue to shove it in your face until you break down crying at a Senate Session on pollution
The sins of the children are not their sins. The sins of the parents are forced onto the children.
Terrible you're using innocent kids for your agenda! You're suppose to be above that. At least you didn't drop the F- BOMB
Pray for the Haters. 
That's why I keep pointing out the responsibility of the dem party for founding the KKK and all of their hateful actions over the years!
#GillibrandsGottaGo
Yes, all hate
still waiting for U to condemn the leg. from MO calling for the pres to be assassinated, Y have't you?  One-sided morals?  That's y u lose
It's democrats that constantly attacks the President because of your unreasonable irrational hate of Trump.
I push back against hate every time I criticize democrats which are the party of hate.
It's dems that divide everybody by race sex wealth sexual preference religion......
It's dems that live by th principle that th ends justify th means no mattr how nasty dishonest unethical illegal unconstitutional or violent
Yea all HATE!  Including your hate for GOP and President.  Seems like you can practice what you preach #sad #education #readmore
See #DefendDurham today
Start with prayer for all consumed with hatred. Condemn ALL violence. Then do not contribute to the pain for political purposes.
We should stop hating #evil and evil acts?
The democrats are the party of hate, you need examples? Just look at the past 11 months of twitter feeds!
#impeachOrBeComplicit #ImpeachDonaldTrump
Did you know that the Democratic Party defended slavery, started Civil War, founded KKK, and fought against every major civil rights act
yes please tell Tina Fey
Picture says it all
If this picture doesn't make you vomit and scream out with rage you are whats wrong with this country
No it your job to follow the constitution and right useless unenforceable laws
Funny coming from a Democrat whose party promotes, and sponsors hate
Democrat party started the kkk
You voted for a bill to silence BDS supporters which would included fines and jail time. Step the hell down.
Teaching h8 is equally abusive.  CPS needs to look in2this.
Did Chuck tell you to say that?
A toddler in a white pointy hat & robe is child abuse.
But you wanted to silence BDS...
BDS is a hate group.
Browns, blacks being racists?  Wow!

Sen Gillibrand your party is the party of the KKK.  You can visit south Chicago and tell those gangsters to stop their hate.
Hey racist, Sen Gillibrand reps the great state of NY, not IL. All those Dem racists joined the GOP around 1968. Go crawl back in your hole.
The Gut check of a free society is being able to respect an individual's right 2 free speech even if you disagree w/ content or if its hate
Silence=Complicity
"Section 7: don't attend a hate rally." Speaking and out and taking action are important but counter protestors make things worse.
I agree, let's push back against all hate. You don't get to choose which is right or wrong.
HOLD ON  Are YOU actually defending the use of violence to silence Free speech?
Dems have been silent too long.  Last GOP President started a war under faulse pretenses because we did not speak up.  People died.  1/2
This time, a girl had to die before we effectively organized against racism and bigotry. We must grow up, we must be smarter.  ALL Dems. 2/2
hey g.i.'zzz,, how big an airooplane does
it take to get some thuggery prizon..
this big!!!
Democratic Missouri Senator filled with hate. Called for the murder of POTUS. PUSH BACK OR AS YOU LIKE TO SAY RAISE YOUR VOICE. !!!!!!!!
I agree, we should push back against hate by educating others on the Jewish Supremacist plot to misplace whites in their own countries.
That is the most chilling photo I have ever seen.
Are you really a Senator, or just sit behind a desk that says Senator?
I love  NY
Leave no quarter for racism. We will exterminate it.
Wow that was deep Schumer puppet.
