It's astounding: Republican leaders will never end their near-constant attempts to roll back women's access to health care.
Women's reproductive rights are not negotiable. If they refuse to give up their attacks, we'll keep fighting back. 
Rise up and speak out.
Does you being pro abortion make you a murderer? Why don't you care about unborn children? PP is an abortion mill, NO tax $ for PP.
Sorry a 20 week old fetus has a heart beat has a gender has legs arms so how is this not a human and how can this not be called  murder
If they cared there would be more healthcare and gun control. They want to control you kelly.
They ain't coming controlling me they can take my guns over my dead body
Lmao
Yet your president is literally ruining this country and you can’t even see it! Talk about fake news. You believe cnn isnfake news
Ai t you an American his your President too it's called we the people voted him cause we are tired of the Same bull crap
I’m beyond patrtiotic with a minor in us history. But I won’t call him that. But thanks.
Really even though you might not like it He is the President  of these United States
The “access” word again.  Senator thinks that unless your BC is socialized, you are somehow too stupid to get it on your own.
What about the right to "LIFE liberty and Pursuit of happiness for all" or are you saying murder is ok?
SAVE THE WHALES, KILL THE BABIES...YA SURE!
So it's ok to kill a 20 week old baby that completely formed already....I think not. #savethebabies
I should not be forced to live by your beliefs. You already have the right NOT to abort.
So a 20 week abortion is fine killing a formed baby?
I don't understand how a bunch of old men can tell women what to do with their bodies.
700,000 Americans murdered every year
Don't you know?! White men with guns is way more sacred than any issue surrounding women and their bodies. Let's distract.
Killing babies is horrific!
Pay your own way
Time to make our voices heard 2018 is coming sooner than they think.
We must get these "people" out of office.
Tax payers don't want to pay for women's reproductive rights. We don't want in their bedrooms
That's their happy place; their first, last, and forever resort. Typical.
For clarity, these aren't exactly reproductive rights. They're lack of reproductive rights.
Who the hell do they think they are
A room full of men.
Hey.
Maybe they're fooling themselves and the voters into believing they found religion.
(Campaign Check donors coming )
A woman's reproductive "rights" does not include killing a baby. The present law may say it does but that does not make the law right.
This is “pro-birth”, not pro-life! Otherwise, they wouldn’t deny CHIP or allow madmen the ability to kill and wound over 500 people!
Yes it is especially now with everything going on and besides they have no right to tell a woman what she can or can’t do with her own body
While encouraging mistresses to have abortions when they get caught cheating!
Republicans constantly tell women what they really feel about them and it's exactly how the  feels about them , disrespectful at best
Why do men focus on the reproductive rights of a body the don’t inhabit? We cannot regulate their penis and sperm count although should be.
No kidding!
There is no price for women

What happened in Vegas was horrific, but nothing compared to abortion..
Thank you @SenGillibrand for all you do to protect New York and the USA!
Republicans: All #RightToLife until you want your #RightToLive 
This is how we all become livestock, breeding at the behest of the theocratic State.
So you mean the right to kill babies
They are relentless. #BewareKarma2018
Just imagine if your mother aborted you.

Oct 3rd MOCz, Once Again Predominately MEN, Passed a 20-Wk Abortion Ban Bill Based On JUNK SCIENCE.. #WomensRights
https://www.vox.com/identities/2017/10/3/16401826/abortion-ban-pain-capable-unborn-child-protection-act …

Honestly, even people who oppose abortion should see what a mess that bill is. bhttps://t.co/yyaSgNMuSg
Republicans can do nothing but kow tow to the Fundementalists base, put their spin on everything put into law previously. WASTING TAX MONEY.
I think horrific was hearing a dr describe how they rip fully formed body parts out of a woman's uterus.
Once again men are putting their nose into what they don't know nothing.
They cannot control our thoughts so they decided to try to control our bodies. Rape should carry a death sentence
Since abortion is legal, why is there laws that charge someone for murder of the unborn? Who is going to speak for them? Apparently not you.
Anything that they can do to come to control women.  Can't control guns but we sure can women.  It's horrible.  Rowe v wade will be Next!
Too bad Theo and Henry missed out on your opportunity to exercise your reproductive rights on them.
The right to have a doctor perform an appropriate procedure is a human right, not a “woman’s” right.
Nobody is trying to take away "human" rights for men. Women are being controlled thru legislation against our rights to our body.
Oh for goodness sake stop the squeeze on reproductive rights! Enough with out of it old white men making our decisions!! @GOP @TheDemocrats
Name it boogey man arguments don't worm anymre
Talk
Attack on women is part of #Fascism
White male commits another mass shooting.
White males take out their anger and their lust for control on women.
That follows.
Women of the USA stand up for our bodies!  Fetus at 20 weeks do not have developed nociceptors! It is non scientific!
Testicular Intervention needed,  throw their balls on hot coals!
But not a peep about #guncontrol right? Cuz all about #prolife.  Lolololol. GOP #professionalhypocrites
If God had wanted women to decide their own reproductive rights he/she/it would have given men vaginas too! Men suffer from vagina envy! Duh
Let's care about those who are actually here .
But lets not ban or make any gun reform right..f*ckers
How many women participated in this vote?
Please tell Rep Tenney she should start thinking like a compassionate human and change her trumpet voting. Thank you for your support!
I do not understand why Republicans want to end abortion. 

If Democrats want to kill their kids why should we stop them. 
I bet you're all for 'silencers on guns' so they are 'safe for your kids' to shoot.
WHAT!
Rep Tim Murphy have a hand in writing this?
If you found a fetus on Mars you would be claiming you found life on another planet. Just sayin
It's called The RIGHT TO LIFE endowed by our Creator.
Perverting the phrase "Prolife" as they kick children off CHIP!
Sooooo.... are you going to apologize to the innocent man you accused of rape?
Really, if the @GOP is so damned pro-life, let them explain their lack of support for reasonable gun-control.

So do we have kidney rights, gall bladder rights, colon rights etc. Call it by the real name.  Murder my child right.
Are you still masquerading as a Catholic?
If there is a re-print of the Handmaids Tale, Margaret Atwood should dedicate it to the #GOP in Congress. @RepChrisSmith @SpeakerRyan
#shame on my #congressman @RepJohnFaso #19thdistrict. He is #anti #women , family, #prosperity. #shameful. #votehimout!
Attack women and leave guns alone, because women so much more dangerous than guns?
Your dealing w/ tyranical men don't you know?!!! What can I do to help?
Yeaa pray for no abortions
Fighting to murder babies, wow
GOP platform demands women have no choices or medical care for female health concerns ever, but everyone can gave any gun they please.
They ban abortion bc fetus' feel pain but let CHIP expire obviously not caring if living breathing children are sick or in pain! 
Why so many irresponsible women. There is birth control and why would a woman wait so long to make a decision.
Sen. Gillibrand once again let me thank you for all you do to help restore some sense of sanity into this country!
Someone needs to tell them of the origins of oppressing women! Tell them to KNOCK IT OFF!
States are going to have to lead the charge on this by strengthening protections.
They like to attack a lot of things.
Why is it that most of the people against abortion are people you wouldn't want to fuck in the first place?
Don't we already have laws covering abortion? Why do we need more? Isn't that the @GOP line of thinking with gun control?
How can we regulate ladies reproductive parts more than we do guns?  If any woman rep votes for this- 51 percent of us should email her
YES, MAAM. HORRIFIC IS THE WORD.  I AM SO ANGRY RIGHT NOW.
Always focusing on unbornbut screw all the ones already here. Clueless
Truly a sad day when a baby is considered a reproductive right! Millions of women are prolife, pro baby! Stop man bashing stupidity
Save us from idiotic, oppressive, ignorant men. These dudes have no empathy for women at all.
I cannot believe that we have to fight for our rights again. 
You’re my Sen. Make sure it doesn’t pass the Senate. Rally & get some Repubs over to your side.
To be expected  a bunch  of  men pregnancy can't happen to  a way to continue to exert  control over  women
Everything the GOP tried  to do to women is horrific!
A room full of old white guys GOP will do it every time!
Abortion laws don't stop abortions. They just take rights away from law abiding citizens.
We need more women members of congress like you!
Was Murphy there?
Well, as long as those old white monsters are in office, they’re going to keep stripping away women & POC  civil liberties #MAKE
What is it?
Stop having sex with the Men cut them all off across Amer. watch how fast things change .
I vote based on women's health
Hey GOPers mind your business!
Egads they're meddlesome.
Fight. Fight. Fight.
But no gun laws
Women really need to determine their unique issues regarding health. Why are the issues at the forefront? Deal with trade, infrastructure.
So let's make men get fixed so they can't knock a women up and force her to have a baby that many won't men won't help support..how's that?
Whaaat?...Legislation to keep murder from happening??? The horror...
And how is @RepTimMurphy voting on that one?
#GOPHypocrisy
This is one time I am siding with the Republicans. 20 weeks is more than fair, woman should know by 20 weeks if they r keeping the baby.
But killing innocent babies is ok with you?????
WAR IS PEACE 

KILLING IS REPRODUCTION
@RepMikeCoffman ? As your constituent and as my representative - stay out of my uterus. 80602
Was that the actual title of the legislation..Attack On Woman's blah balh balh or are you embellishing a bit?
What the fuck were you doing for 19 weeks? Or say 12 weeks, because maybe you didn't know until then, but shit or get off the pot...
I'm totally for women's rights, the right to choose and so on, but you'd think that at 20 weeks, you've made a decision to keep it, no?
These Republican House Neanderthals who carry Ayn Books around with their bibles. and don’t even know she was atheist, aware sooooo dumb.
These Neanderthal House members HATE women and their right to have autonomy over their bodies. What smart woman alive would vote Republican?
5 months pregnant? Not 5 weeks! I am pro choice and I found that outrageous. You can feel movement and sometimes kicking
Then it time to start making a list of everything the R's are doing and remote when dems get majority. Things can be changed. Or threaten.
It's not their "reproductive" right. It's their right to destroy life. You say it's the woman's body. I say the baby forming inside of her is its' own body. Stop voting to kill babies. You're better than that. I know you are.
Don't allow Medicare or any insurance to pay for viagra or penile pumps. We'll take away their rights
GOP definition of a being successful: They’re good at writing horrific pieces of legislation.
Should rights start and end before getting pregnant
will women please stop having sex with republican men JUST STOP!!!
Women are the majority in this man's world smarter and better own it!!
Viagra must endow male representatives with inalienable rights. Thank God we have a bicameral legislature!
I hope you will do what you can to prevent this from passing the Senate. Thank you @SenGillibrand!
UR reprod. rights come from God, not gov. Pray that U have a chg of  @NCRegister @CatholicVote @IngrahamAngle @seanhannity @JudgeJeanine
Slm. Ilove you kirsten
Once again religious and right wing males show their stupidity
Thank you Senator. We've got your back. @HouseGOP should be ashamed.
Those tight begin with learning how to keep your pbts on and or use birth control BEFORE a life is created
You support killing your own future voters...by all means..
Because women are the ones standing up to them or because they want women in America to be like the Stepford wives? We must fight! 
Fighting every single day since November 9, 2016 until we drive them out!
Thank you for your voice! Please keep speaking up for us!
The House voted to stop the violent murder of innocent babies.No woman has the right to kill another human. How long will you vote 4 death?
I should not be forced to live by your beliefs. You already have the right NOT to abort.
Science has shown us via DNA tests that the fetus(meaning offspring) is a different human being. Abortion is MURDER of a human being.Get it?
That's your definition, not mine. Get it?
That’s not my http://definition.Life  begins at conception not birth. Abortion is violently killing a child who feels the agony of the crime
If it's not your definition then don't abort. My body my right to choose. Fetus doesn't feel pain til 3rd trimester. http://jamanetwork.com/journals/jama/fullarticle/201429 …
At conception, a new child is created. YOU do NOT have the right to kill another human being!The baby & placenta are NOT part of the mother.
When science finds a way to transplant the embryo, then maybe I'll reconsider. Til then, my body, my choice. I will not live by your morals.
Dem hyperbole never disappoints
It has to be stopped!
Thousands of babies' lives will be saved and you're on record as being against that.  #abortionismurder
You are Pro-Birth, not Pro-Life. I do not consider it murder. Do not force me to live by your morals. #ChoiceMatters
I'm sorry, have we met?  You seem to know me quite well but you're wrong about one thing: I am 100% #PROLIFE.  Life begins at conception.
That is your belief, not mine. You have the right to follow your beliefs. I have the right to follow mine.
And you believe in killing five month old babies.  Got it.  Bye.
WELL  VOTE AGAINST   MASAM     SENTORIA  Y  DO  NOT  KNOW WHAT  WOMEN DO   TO ABUSE THEY  VAGAINAS   WITH VIBRATORS   QND   DILDOS
Theyre mostly patriarch primitives trapped in human bodies.
I don't think the House has voted on ANY good piece of legislation in 2017. It is very frustrating that abortion is the focus again.
But we can't regulate gun laws?
Please support @BWestbrookAZ8 to replace Trent Franks!
Why are u now interested in women's health? For the last 8+yrs you supported ur Delphi women constituents' healthcare theft. Politics maybe?
What now? this is exhausting! What goes through the brains of these lawmakers??
I am also exhausted. So many red alerts!  But we can’t stop fighting.
.@SpeakerRyan & .@SenateMjrLdr already forgot about the .@WomensMarch?!
Exactly! Woman still die from having babies. Thank you for thinking of them!
Why do they want to legislate women's freedoms?
Why do you want me to pay for your mistakes why is it a right to kill why don't you protect yourself from having a mistake 1st. Place
Apparently you're not familiar with health insurance or Hyde amendment. Also fetus that won't live past birth is not "mistake" - sheesh!
Who decides you or the doctor or the government?
Quite a stupid question. I don't mind a robust debate on reproductive freedom but methinks you & your 2 followers w/no pic is just a troll
Too many people don't take responsibility, for their sexual habits.but don't want to be responsible for their  consequences
Are they really sexual "habits?"  Do you understand the meaning of the word?  I'm thinking you don't.
I'm thinking your thinking is not good thinking.
