Contact your reps in the House and Senate, no matter which party they’re in. Many of you are already doing that, and it's great to see!
Share your story. This is the most important thing you can do. Use social media, talk to your friends, whatever you can to spread the word!
But all of this is just a start. How have you been making yourself heard? Shoot me a reply here.
active in Indivisible group, calling, writing, soc.netwrking, marching, watching Senators on CSPAN thanking them 4their work
help fix it, it's not working, it's not affordable, insurance companies have left, millions can't afford, help your state
where is it?
: the ACA is going nowhere; stop the crying wolf crap!
Doesn't work...kicked off plans, massive increases,etc
One more thing Loser Chuck disconnected his line; no voice mail.
Suggestion given by many at @RepGusBilirakis town hall simply fix it & call Trumpcare,  nobody cares just make work 4 all
My suggestion: stand up tonight at Trump's speech and call him a liar publicly and loudly. Don't sit quietly!
The ACA is disintegrating & 4 U to pretend it is great is wrong. Why aren't U working to fix the ACA? This I don't understand
UNAFFORDABLE Repeal & Replace Now!! Healthy 26 yr olds are paying over $400.00 a month $7600.00 Deductible; = no coverage.
why don't we wait and see what is proposed before we automatically disapprove?
you will be waiting a long time Insurance companies need to be at the table to work. Single payer healthcare
insurance companies are what messed up the ACA. Healthy NY was way better before ACA...
vote against #ACA.  PREMIUMS TO HIGH AND NO CHOICE
I'm working for repeal/replace. Can't afford to go to doctor anymore, all $ to premiums w $1,400 deduct. Thank God for Trump

Fake news.  Nice try.
I also hope the Democratic party will come up w a plan for 2018
@katekilla Can't fix insurance in this country without over throwing insurance companies. ACA isn't the problem, it's them.
very true! Big Insurance
to afraid that it could be improved?
many of my friends are entrepreneurs & they rely on the ACA for access to health care - they are job creators #SmallBusiness
Thank you for your work for the American people.  We are with you.
where is the price reduction it was supposed to create????
ACA was a loss of freedom by Dictating people must have health insurance plain and simple
thank you !
Thanks for all your doing. You have our backs, and we'll have yours. Don't flinch. Don't blink. We're with you.
@chrislhayes 10,000 more immigration enforcers = 10,000 more guns. 10,000 guns = how many deaths?
My suggestion: Can your office let us know (here is fine) what bills need our input or are being voted on each day?
@govtrack  posts the bills submitted. Some border insanity.
In 2010 I paid $850 a month with $1,000 deductible for health insurance. Now it's $1,300 a month with $6,200 deductible. #ACA
Contacted your office and left a VM on concerns regarding the damage GOP is doing to Dept of Ed. and EPA. Same to @SenSchumer
I have a suggestion for you. Get use to regular drug testing for public servants. Have a nice day!
ACA cost more, increased time between doctor visits, and Rx prices have escalated. I have been denied healthcare!
I know my Junior Senator stands on the right side. Thank you 4 defending ACA. Trump & GOP plan = repeal + nothing 4 people.
And we hope that each of you phonies in senate will take at least one immigrant home with you and do your share Talk is cheap
thank you for fighting for my interests! You are my rep and are repping :-)
repeal repeal tepeal
filibster everything unless by some miracle some piece of legislation turns out to be good. But we know that won't happen.
sorry to see vicious comments here. Thank you for fighting for the ACA. It made a huge diff in our adult children's lives.
No... No... aaaaaaand No!
don't just protect it--improve it.  We can do better.  Why a model that benefits insurance companies?
Thank you for standing up, speaking out & resisting harmful policies and appointees & for defending health care.
@ U ill-informed Insurance premiums 2-3X's annually w/o ACA. ACA is best attempt 2 control them. Get informed, Not Fooled
.@SenGillibrand  Thank you for all that you are doing!
You are my representative and you are doing what I want. The problem is the other idiots.
Thank you for working on behalf of all Americans. As a life long (still here!) NYer, I'm proud you rep our great state.
Thank you Kirsten. You are an amazing senator, and I'm so proud that you represent me in the senate.
you mean that one that costs over $1100 a month?
w/o affordable care act private corporations have a free pass to funnel money from poor to rich without providing care
fortunately I live in CA and my senators support! But The 25th congressman MIA
Never understood the US way of health insurance. Why not have medicare/NHS for all, and if you are rich, you can pay private?
Thank you! Keep fighting for us! Now call for an independent investigation of Trump and Russian ties!
@SenSchumer My story as a self-employed person who has thrived under the ACA http://www.inc.com/steven-demaio/affordable-care-act-repeal-effects-on-my-business.html … #SelfEmployed #Obamacare
I will start right now by asking you why you are not investigating Russia connections
Why save that disaster. Why don't you work with Republicans to come up with something better. Had to lie to pass ACA.
You're my Senator and I've been meaning to call and thank you for your stance on literally everything.
Ditto. I plan on calling and just saying "I trust you, you're doing everything right, keep it up."
Absolutely.
It's such a relief to have a great representative. My congressman is a useless trump follower.
Fill his voicemail box. Ring that phone off the hook! Show him his job may depend on it.
I voted for #Trump so we can dump Obamas Unaffordable Care Act. Let's dump Gillibrand next...
Yea, support GOP's plan to fix the mess the Dems created. All aspects of ACA are failing.
rather than not politics. If Trumper is GOP.. still in politics. If the Right Wing know GOP can't handle Trump bigotry
and Trump behavior. You saw how Trump is acting in the media. Repeat #fakenews gotta be kidding. GOP Right Wing can't
handle Trump. Lil joke. Don't mind. The Right Wing know GOP is in Trump world. Saying.
You're my rep!
