Vote No Graham Cassidy
Why exactly??? are you afraid of federalism, letting the states decide what's best for its citizens?  Socialism much
@energy_ann 
I grow weary of the constant threat to the ppl by the ppl who r supposed to work FOR THE PEOPLE I am old nTIRED!
Yeah REPEAL OBAMACARE and vote out anyone who did not want it repealed!!!
Senator Guillibrand, my guess when you want to get re-elected, you will not, the constant lies, as a former Dem never will vote that way
I'll be calling you. :)
But Bernie Sanders proposal sucks too
You admitted lying about ACA on ABC News, but now you expect to keep Dem described broken & flawed law because of your word?
Book the Buses! #Resistance #IndivisibleNYCD16 #GrahamCassidyBilkKILLS
I'm pushing forward for a full clean repeal...government should not be in healthcare business
You want my voice? Repeal and replace the ACA!
Its killing middle class and low income working people, as well as small budinesses ....
Keep pushing!  Thank you!!
Try getting to the GOP senators, almost impossible to leave a message.i am more pissed at this congress than I am with trump.its not abt ppl
The most important fact is , they know the negative impact of the bill !! Yet forward they go anyway . A Real Statesman Moment 
Floridians, make your calls!
Those people who think that Graham is a moderate republican are way off base. He stands with the party trying to take away your insurance
@NASPonline are Calling Members of Congress to Preserve #Medicaid! http://cqrcengage.com/naspweb/home?5  
TY @SenGillibrand & @SenSchumer #GrahamCassidy
That's right just let ACA collapse. Democratic's own it, cradle to grave.#2018can'tgetherefastenough
thank you for opposing this terrible bill!
Try it the next POTUS could appeal it
NO #GrahamCassidy we want better healtcare not worse! What the hell @GOP STOP THE BULLSHIT! We want what u have GREAT FREE healthcare @DNC
i'm so glad you're my senator. thank you!
We know Obamacare was a stepping stone to single payer, repeal it and you make single payer much harder to get passed.
Why don't you offer viable solutions instead of being an obstructionist.  Key here is viable. Single payer is not
Who do they expect to govern when they've killed us all?
Why not work together rather than spout your "PUSH BACK" crap? What's your great plan to work for the good of the country. Grow Up.
Such an embarrassment for NY you have become. Total partisan.
THEN DITCH OBAMACARE AND GIVE US SOMETHING DECENT. I don't have the income to afford $300 payments every month. Obamacare sux and U know it.
Haven't you tired of reading of all the dead who couldn't afford Obama's Deathcare Ins?
Keep pushing left and we will keep voting in more Republicans
thank you Senator for keeping up with the #pushback
Don't let this aberation pass. Vote NO!
But the ACA sucks. It was never meant to survive which is why it is failing.
The ACA is going down the drain, just another fucked up dem mess the republicans are left to fix
What have you done for all of us who have suffered greatly BECAUSE of the #ACA? Do we count for anything? #GrahamCassidy
CAN'T YOU FILIBUSTER BY AMENDMENT ON THIS?
Nah. ACA has been a disaster! It's crumbling before our eyes. Long past time to repeal.
Keep fighting Kirsten. I appreciate it!
#StillSpendingMoneyYouDontHave ?
#Dumping that #debt on the #children by using #30year @USTreasury #DebtBombs
Obummercare is a disgrace to the american people  that is what democraps give us  SHIT and more SHIT  Time to rip it out by it's roots
Stop lying. All it does is take it out of the Feds hands and puts it with the states. If they expanded Medicaid they keep it.
Why didn't u push hard to fix what was wrong w/ Obamacare, instead of singing its praises for a decade. This is about politics. Isn't it?
Universal Health Care SUPPORTS Universal Natural Law: the LIFE value - "I care for my life & loved ones' lives as much as you do yours."
Since it is defunding PPH don't you need 60 votes on this? That is what was said on another bill doing the same thing.

Wait, over he weekend you said healthcare shouldn't be partisan, What do you call your push back tweet, Bipartisan??  Hypocrite
Is the status quo working?
Uselessly grinding at America's patience Vote this crap out of office
Calling 
Take nothing for granted. That's how we ended up with the worst so called leader in modern history. #Notmypresident #RESIST
Call McCain, Collins, Murkowski &  others. Tell them u are not from their state but u will organize against them if they vote yes!
#SaveACA
If you don't make GOP defend against single payor, DNC is finished. GOP will not go away- they must be exposed rejecting improvements.
Shut up and be part of fixing this mess of a system instead of saying no. Cant believe I am saying this, you are worse then Schumer....
She takes her marching orders from Chuck.  Can't you see Kirstin moving further left, she thinks she is running for Potus 2020. What a joke
She is more left then him now. He isn't stupid enough to back single payer....
Right!  She thinks she can appeal to the Bernie loons & the angry woman.  You can see her posturing.  Pretty transparent
Your office cannot handle the phones- hopefully due to floods of calls. Disconnected 3x, endless ring x2. Sen. Schumer the same.
I called my elected Repub idiots...I mean officials and complained!!
The ACA is a disaster, do you use it Sen Gillibrand?? Before you vote educate yourself! You are destroying families and small businesses.
#Repeal! Replace it later.
The Republican party is a party of the soulless and and the heartless party.
aka #DemoKKKrats:It may suck and we lied about it all, but it has OUR name on it! oh wait. And that is #WhatHappened
The ACA has been a colossal failure. It's killing small business!
I'll keep calling and faxing your office - does it annoy your staff?
This is an abomination by Senators that won't be here after 2018.
Obama care is unaffortable. Repeal it now! ttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=9Tz2YX4RP4o
para que soy util
My voice is saying "repeal Obamacare".
Ocare 1600 per mo 15k deductible.  That's not care it's robbery!  #GrahamCassidy #RepealAndReplace
Fix it
That crap is beyond repair it is built with zero foundation and depends on govt completely to find via taxes. So no don't fix it blow it up
But you also want a different plan than the ACA.
Repeal it
You mean to live with Obamacare's one provider... high rates and can't see my doctors? Don't think so #suckonit #grahamcassidy
Don't repeal
state UN to Pres & Reps this was a Violation of Human Rights!

Dump profeteering Corrupt Trump Pence all GOP Dem Reps voting for ACA Repeal
#repealACAnow
Please keep up the fight! Nothing as important as healthcare should be done secretly or quickly.
Call *give your name & zip code*I'm not being paid to call, only to urge Senator (name) to vote NO on the Graham/Cassidy bill.
Yep on your way to total destruction of our healthcare system. @DNC does not care about people only power. And their voters are sheep.
??? Why?  Even democrats know that law sucks and will fail.
You have a fix.   Oh wait yea raise everyone's taxes 17% that is your fix right senator.   I think it is time you try something else.
Just finished Hillarys book.  The hate in her heart is crippling to the future of your party. I'm a republican but root for America together
What should we do
Dems are ineffectual.  Where's @BarackObama ?

McCain is a Yes! Someone else notice! Please!   

*Silently screams at top of lungs into crowded room* 
Thank you for your #Resistance and keep up the good fight. Push back hard, Senator.

The one GOP Affordable Care Act falsehood -  recently perpetuated by John McCain - that needs to die.
[short thread]
Called your Albany office & left my support for you please withhold consent if this comes to the floor for a vote.
No ACA Repeal!

Dump profeteering Trump Pence Ryan McConnell all GOP Dem Reps voting for ACA Repeal
zero proof
Counting on the McCain Whisperer to do her stuff again.
What about BDS?  YOUR voice is needed to stop overt anti-semitism
Let's repeal and replace aca with Medicare for all! BernieCare
Senator I admire your work and you are an inspiration but for God Sakes start working together for the good of Americans.
@a35362 Non-governing @GOP snatches healthcare away from sick, elderly, poor US becoming Fascist #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist 
Thank you for voting against Graham-Cassidy
So much for your saying that health care must be non partisan..... We will remember this at election time
The answer the dang phone, Kirsten, and keep resisting! #thankyou
Obamacare keep your doctor keep your plan save $2500 per family. All lies!!! How can you trust democrats
Resist any way you can to stop this latest attempt to take away my healthcare
You've never been denied "healthcare" in the U.S..
PLEASE step away from Bernie Sanders. Super bad optics.
Agree 100%. These dems are in for it by associating with sander's policies.
Help my proposed 49% increase in my premium for 2018 here in NYS. ACA is broken! All for healthcare profit. Always was. Fix that!
Let's take a walk down memory lane shall we?
Keep up the good work!  Shame on the @gop for wanting to hurt Americans.  #GrahamCassidy
Senator, voted for you & @SenSchumer to be my voice in DC #GrahamCassidy devastating to NYers What can we do? Red States voices needed #MAGA
Definitely don't want ur single payer health care. Look what veterans go through in the VA. NO THANKS!
Should we call your office?
Yes.  I'm a NYer & I call both Senators regularly.  The fact of your call & your position is noted, & sent w/others to her D.C. Office.
They need to know we.'re still paying attention, and supporting them.
Thank you Senator for protecting our healthcare #NoACARepeal
You are so awesome! I love you!
She's a puppet!
Live in a blue state? Feeling helpless? Here's an Indivisible script for calling Dem senators:
Here is my voice: GET LOST KRISTEN!
a decrease of 20% in premiums is needed.
How can we help if our Senators are already voting against the bill? I'm lucky to be represented by you and @SenSchumer but want to help.
Exactly the same question.
Same!  What can we do?
Same.
I'm trying my best to be heard...neither #GrahamCassidy or #MedicareForAll makes healthcare better...just makes us worse off than before
Just for the record Senator thanks for your vote against Graham Cassidy. I do think GOP is nuts but some middle ground needs to be reached

how can we help?
Call your congressmen and implore them to vote NO ON #GrahamCassidyBill
Live in a blue state? Feeling helpless? Here's an Indivisible script for calling Dem senators:
I don't feel helpless. #GrahamCassidyBill is another #EpicFail
Can things get any worse under this administration? #GrahamCassidy proves that, yes, it can! Get mad(der)!
Healthcare should be a national right. Next, the GOP will be shoving SS and Medicare into block grants as a prelude to killing them
Clue. Don't support the bill. It all about repeal the Affordable Care Act. Saying
#GrahamCassidy is a declaration of war against American citizens. 1000's of vulnerable people are being terrorized for the THIRD time.
How about the millions who are suffering now??????????????????
One thing at a time. Stopping #GrahamCassidy is the first step in ending the reign of Republican terror millions are suffering.
First own a business and provide employment, then we'll have a convo. Stop mooching of hard working Americans backs who take risks daily.
You weren't sayin millions are suffering because of Russian agents leading a 3rd terroristic attack on Americans or #GrahamCassidy?
Will it ever stop?
Thank you @SenGillibrand! I heard you on a podcast last week & loved your intelligent, yet common sense style to politics. Keep it up!
Why Moving to the Center is a Losing Strategy for the Left
