If you care about our health, our security, and our economy, raise your voice. Speak out against this. #ParisAgreement
I spoke out on those topics by voting for Trump. U can't hijack his political agenda. Dems failed those political points through Obama.
Then start the #ImpeachTrump process. How the #Dems allow this nutcase to continue is beyond me. How much evidence do u need to proceed?
Make your case...what high crime was committed? Hurting your feelings doesn't cut it.
 #trump has committed so many crimes, intentionally so that #Congress can't address them all (see #Hitler). Educate ur self w/#realnews
You can't name 1 crime! If you can't speak truth delete your tweet. People like U  destroy America with #lies
Can one of you tell me in detail what the agreement is about?
Didn't think so
Looks like they proved you wrong ha
Nope. Not one told me what I asked
They told you quite a few things that it was about. You kept asking questions and they kept answering them. U funny
I asked about the terms of the agreement. I know the so-called "scientific" argument.  They had nothing
And they told you about that too. U just suck at trolling
Why don't you "enlighten" me about the terms of the agreement. 
What are our responsibilities?  To whom? How much? To whom? Etc.
No thanks, u clearly don't actually care as explanations have already been given
Wait, there's leadership in this country??? Since when?
There is... It's just not coming from the White House.
Oh, yes. True. Definitely not coming from the White House. Wonder how long it will take to fix/undo all this administration's "progress".
Up is down. New is old. Progress is regress.
1984 revisited!
We're on our way to being THE GREATEST 3rd WORLD COUNTRY EVER!
You are too optimistic.
I'm your constituent-agree 100%! Our home flooded during Sandy, we saw climate change effects firsthand. We need environmental protection.
Consider taking it to the states if POTUS cedes from Paris Agreement. Can states sign on if central gov't does not?
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand
No it's not
This president says to his advisers: "What's the worst possible decision I can make?  Let's do that!"
The question was settled, the science was real, in the 70's when we were headed for new ice age.
Well he did it of course. Handing future leadership to China & Europe. Most confounding thing is it's just bad BUSINESS!!
A good President/leader/businessman should know how to turn the threat of climate change into US Jobs/solutions/opportunities/GDP.
Crap
If only there was some way to create a law that shadows the #ParisAgreement

Nah - bitching about a dumbass administrator is more productive
Man caused climate change is bs & no amount of saying the same lie over and over again by arrogant ignorant politicians will make it true.
Hello, Russian bot
Natural sun and ocean cycles cause climate ch. Not CO2.
Natural causes of climate change occur over hundreds of thousands of years....not one century you idiot.
Ice cores show the earth has been warming and cooling all on it's own long before the industrial revolution.
Yes....over hundreds of thousands of years. So much change has never occurred in such little time as it is in this century
Nice job overall Casey!
At least the animals can move on after humans are extinct. Well... hopefully. 
I agree, except that the rest of the world will just ignore us and states like CA are doing their part (thank you!!)
You have no education in the subject, & like all libtards have no idea what you're talking about!!!  I have smarter rocks in my collection!!
@K_kels I emailed you twice with no response? Why should Trump listen to you? You don't respond to your constituents
Not a big fan of Hillary 2.0, LUP
Our economy would never be able to sustain our involvement. Climate change is a hoax!
If @POTUS pulls out of #parisclimateagreement, we push back with a 48hr nationwide #consumptionstrike #spendnothing #weaponizeconsumption
Climate change is real..now I wish our President was!!
Where is Congress and leadership?
Please move to impeach!
Wrong!
USA under Obama did not lead on the #ParisAgreement. If Obama was leading on it he would have made it a Treaty.
WRONG. Not settled. Climate has and always will change for reasons not understood entirely. Predictions are WAY off base so far..
Over 350 youth have signed on to a letter to urge Trump to stay in the #ParisAgreement. Help spread the word:
Instead of being an alarmist, better defend you position.  Explain repercussions. You hit on pie in the sky talking points-Don't be a hack.
The climate has been changing for billions of years since the planet formed. WE did NOT change it!
@jennybethm
@Heritage
@cvpayne
@LouDobbs
Does he know of a back up planet after all life is destroyed on this one? Or have they built a bunker for the 1% enjoying champagne pops?
Do your job and stop this maniac
under Trump the only leadership USA has is as racist supremacist genocidal warmongering sorry excuse of a nation. #Resist
Trump gives no shits about anyone but himself.
I and millions others didn't vote for Trump to just see him give in to the globalists and do their bidding like the rest of you.
Flat Earth is real. The question is settled. (don't you dare question me and prove me wrong you science denier)
It's not settled, you're too ignorant to know why
Why doesn't China and India have any obligations to the accord until the year 2030? With China being one of the biggest polluters.
No. It isn't settled
What leadership? We're trailing behind most of Europe
trump does not have a working brain.
It is an awful agreement and we should get out as soon as possible !!!
Climate models aren't predictive. "Consensus" isn't science. You're either a loon or a fraud.

#ParisAgreement
Did you notice he did not say "man caused climate change" . That's why your correct he is a loon.

but it's trump - #ParisAgreement this is NOT the actions of the American ppl it's trump -A moron w/an exponential ego on a power trip
He isn't just ceding leadership. He is actively undermining the global effort at a time when action needs taking now or it may be too late.
He doesn't care. It's clear he's lost his mind. We'll bare the brunt of this decision for years #ParisAgreement #TheResistance
He doesn't care about anything that has to do with facts.
@POTUS. Unreasonable, egotistical, maniacal, should be sent to Putin & banned from USA
How is this do or die? Terms need to be equal for USA, China and India. They want us in, FIX IT!
know what else is real? minority displacement. can't fight an enemy when the people are divided
@CNN Frustrating 4 non-Am 2 b unable 2 influ Trump decision on #parisaccord - wen we hav no local rep; yet our air & water affected!
It no longer has anything to do with pollution. Trump is only concerned with reversing every accomplishment of a past Democratic President.
Accomplishments 
Thank you for standing up for the future.
It's unsettling that our president questions the basics. Other developed counties moved passed climate denial years ago. What's wrong w/ US?
Climate change has more to do with natural cycles.  #ParisAgreement has more to do with money
Then tell me, how do they profit off lowering CO2 emissions?
Why is this even a debate? #ParisAccord
Grotesque ineptitude #ImpeachTrump
Promote the special elections so we can flip some seats blue & stop Trump! Follow @swingleft @flippable_org @DKElections
He's ceded our leadership on everything else, so why not this? He's TRYING to make us last among nations.
BS! In '85 the settled science was, we have 20 yrs before the next Ice age. Why is the next catastrophic event always a generation away.
#WhyWouldYouFavor a #100Billion
#ClimateChangeFine on #America

#TakeUsOut
@CR
https://www.gofundme.com/medical-bills-shot-by-passenger …
Why is this up to 1 person?
And so are Unicorns.
Only settled in liberals mind - not by real scientist. BTW Bill Nye -not real scientist.
The question is settled huh? First it was global warming and that didn't happen now it's climate change.
Prediction always so far out that anyone alive today can't argue it. Time table always changes. What happened to all the Gore predictions?

Never a doubt #trump would pull out of #ParisAgreement. 45's gov is full of #Koch's, rExxon & Putin wants it. #Trumprussia #DrainTheSwamp
#Congress with #DebtAbuse #Exceeding19Trillion
has #NoBusiness paying
#100Billion
#ClimateChangeTaxOnAmerica to fund
#ClimateWelfarePayments
The climate is constantly changing. The Dems just want to find a way to make money off it. Greedy thieves!
So me factual data that supports it's real
Which is exactly why he will!! At best he's a contrarian and at worst a narcissistic authoritarian- he doesn't care what we think!
Trump, Oil, & GOP mega-doors rule now. Their mantra is: make the money now, and leave the next generation's habitat in ruins.
What is settled is you are a joke. Help save upstate NY first before you go play pretend saving the world....
I wish the climate in NY would change. The political climate anyway. Let's start by reducing Liberal emissions. Starting with you.
So is Santa Claus until you grow up. Stick with pollution...
What can be done to stop his decision to pull us out @SenGillibrand
You lost, so nothing you can do about it. When #Democrats dumped middle America for big donors you lost.
Then again he's ceded our leadership on so many things

@HeathenSkater13
What can be done, Senator? We need your leadership more than ever,
Don't eat foods that cause flatulence.
You don't even know what's in it. It does NOTHING for the US.
But coal ...
Catastrophe is here and has a name @realDonaldTrump
Do you think it's caused by  human activities or natural cycle? You don't know , right? Because it is hotly debated in scientific community.
I wish we could require @POTUS to demonstrate that he knows what #ParisAgreement actually is and does before he can refuse it.
Catastrophic for us, that Buffoon will be fine! #resist #impeach
It's not just our leadership that he cedes, but our right to be at the table for the discussion. This is why businesses reject leaving!
He's demented he does not care and never will. Impeach now for sake of our democracy.
Find a way, Senator, pls. He's unfit & heartless. I ache (& fume) for your kids today--& for you because you love them. #CrisisOfCompetency
It's catastrophic that he's president...the rest of this is just consequence.
To be a Leftist is to be in a constant state of hysteria and hypocrisy.
It is terrible, but we have been followers not leaders.  Trumpism will pass.
I really hope China takes the lead on this. Worst polluters in the world!
Keep fighting for other people
Why not hunt some witches or set up a religious inquiry to prove how God controls the universe and earth is the center of it.
It's all about him and Trump's administration making the BIG BUCKS from backing out of the Paris Climate deal.  So sad for America!
OBSTRUCTIONIST
Thank you!
The real fact is that he is an idiot and does not know it!!
Senator please run for President.
But who will pay the $100 billion needed?

If he leaves the agreement, a global disaster is a guarantee. Look at what's happening along Lake Ontario now!
Maybe ask Putin if US can stay in the accord. Coal is not the future everyone knows. Jobs limited and long term medical costs Will go up.
Let the rest of the world pay the bullshit taxes. Whatever happened to American exceptionalism? Do as I say, not as I do. Fuck this tax!
Absolutely. Thank you for fighting for science! Who knew we would be here in 2017. "Sad"
But he's going to do it. So...what do we do now? #Covfefe
BOYCOTT ALL THINGS TRUMP.  SPEAK HIS LANGUAGE.  SPREAD THE WORD.
Yeah but he's an idiot so...
