BREAKING: Education Secretary rescinds Obama-era guidance on investigating campus sexual assault, puts interim rules in place.
The betrayal from women in this administration is diabolical. Women betraying women who expect to be accepted by men who see them as LESS.
Yes.  Dems supported a woman who shamed anyone who called out her husband for sexual assault, but this is really bad.
Hillary did what most women would do. But it doesn't make it right. Put yourself in her shoes
Calling women crazy and/or sluts?  That's somehow acceptable?  Most women wouldn't do that.  Not even close.
I have heard women say worse
So what?  You're the one who was talking about "betrayal from women" and now you say it's okay to shame sexual assault victims?  No values.
I NEVER said it was okay to shame sexual assault victims.  Your words not mine
You're heard women say worse.  So what?  So, then its okay?
That...and save a bunch of young men from being tried and convicted of BS accusations of sexual assault that ruin their lives, so yeah...
Do you know what a rape victim goes through? There is no way there are huge numbers of women making false accusations. No way.
There have been enough blatant hoaxes revealed for me to think due process is in order here.
Never said take away due process rights and the decision DeVos rolled back didn't either.
And as a woman I've known many people who've been raped. It's very common. Victims deserve protection.
They do. And people accused of a crime deserve due process.
Yes the accused should have a right to due process. I've already stated that.
But you want the college to have their kangaroo courts as well? 

Ok. Got it. Good stuff.
Republican policies hurt people. That's their goal. They are evil. I notice Senators refer to each other as friends tho. Maybe that shd stop
Given how no group was hurt more than black student athletes by the kangaroo courts Sen Gillibrand supports....
Black students were disproportionately harmed by Title IX.
America harms more black people in almost every aspect of life. There would barely be any laws or rules if this was the standard.
Weirdest justification I've ever heard from a POC about a policy that harms POC disproportionately
Black people are disproportionately pulled over for traffic violations. Are we getting rid of traffic laws?
Let's do something crazy. Let's keep good laws on the books and enforce them fairly (without the racism)
As someone who was a criminal investigator assigned to sex crimes unit (a long time ago) this is just a horrendous decision by DeVos.
And her master. Victim blaming. Excusing rape, promoting rape culture.
And it gives a green-light to misogynistic rape culture on campuses! Has this woman EVER lived in the real world. Her entire life appears to
have been "privatized."
it does NOT
It sounds like they are trying to be fair...I guess you never please everyone.
Yeah, it's probably better to do away with due process, after all it's expensive to go through all of that finding the truth stuff!
Which involve due process
What is wrong with these people ?! They are like the villains in a bad movie !
Why would they think this is a good idea? Do they have a bunch of rapists in their families or something? Is Trump planning a campus tour?
WHY ISN'T THIS CASE GETTING MORE ATTENTION AS IT'S COMING TO THE COURTS. A 13 YEAR OLD GIRL RAPED BY THE NOW, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
DeVos is a Trump puppet with no experience in public education
Will this also put at risk, those students hazed and assaulted as part of Greek system, bands athletic teams? Or just for women who r raped?
Did ALLof his appointees crawl out from under a gold rock ?
It had to be done because people like YOU believe rape hoaxes with no questions asked. You invited evil to the State of the Union!
@AP It's shameful that a U.S. senator doesn't understand the Bill of Rights. But then again,what Democrat does understand it?
These people so detest @BarackObama that they’re willing to put women at risk rather than implement sound policies he approved. #smh #fire.
Due Process is a right that should be given to every American. Male or Female. Not dependent on their status as a student or not.
This is not sufficient to protect students
We must support our women who have been sexually assaulted on campuses.
Why not expel every student accused of sexual assault w/o any inquiry at all? That wld protect "victims" + ensure no guilty man escapes.
Women shouldn't even go to college, just stay home and have babies. That's what all these changes and policies seem to suggest from GOP.
Wow.  You really read into this, didn't you?

How about letting the police handle rape claims?
Once again, this administration has NO agenda 4 running our country. Over turning Obama's policies is not running the country.
You spelled "ruining" wrong.
I'm a grateful supporter, Sen. Gillibrand. Thank you for earning your way in, rather than buying your job. @BetsyDeVosED
WE AS WOMEN MUST DEVISE AND PUBLISH A FAIL-SAFE PLAN FOR ALL STUDENTS TO KNOW PRECISELY WHAT TO DO WHEN THEY HAVE BEEN SEXUALLY ASSAULTED.
Pick up their mattress? Call the Rolling Stone?
This cannot stand!  Unbelievable!  Starting to feel like the Handmaid's Tale!
Another example of reversing the previous administration's efforts just for the sake of doing so. Sickening!
I cringe at the fact that @BetsyDeVosED is linked in anyway to my profession.
You're a lawmaker - one would expect a better understanding of due process from you.
Might even drive some to suicide. 

Eh?

Ehhhhh?
Shorter: "Men don't deserve due process"
How does any FEMALE, in this day and age , do this?
Why would she do this!! She is a disgrace
You haven't been paying attention, have you?
Kirsten, thank you for ALWAYS standing up for women.
How far back are they going to turn back the clocks?
There's not a single good reason to oppose due process - but there's a lot of bad ones.
Because Obama was for it.. Republicans have to be against it. 
Well, that's actually good logic, but it's not the best reason to be against Title IX.
When you think due process actually hurts students... Have a Snickers Kirsten, you're not smart when you're hungry.
The Obama guidance did not take away anyone's due process rights.
Shame shame shame!
Love you Kristen !  I am so glad you are one of my senators .
@BetsyDeVosED how dare you make an assault victim face her rapist. Go back to the 1950's and stay there.
Really should we be surprised when herr #trump is emboldening despicable brown shirts. .@POTUS .@AnneFrankCenter .@RepKathleenRice
Rape allegations are a matter for the criminal justice system, and not some kangaroo court. #MattressGirl
Disgraceful!

I love that you are out front on issues so important. Glad I get to vote for you.
Yeah yeah all men are rapists and if any woman says so he should be jailed forever with no representation. Just let people defend selves

"Due process is shameful. Being considered innocent until proven guilty will hurt & betray students", says d SENATOR
Shameful. This decision will hurt and betray students, plain and simple. https://twitter.com/ap/status/911240926131089408 …
Agreed!  Shame on u DeVoss!! Where is ur heart!! Heaven forbid your family does not have to live this tragedy. There won't b anyone to help!
Yeah, shameful...I shudder thinking that anyone accused of serious misconduct will get..DUE PROCESS!! String 'em up, Senator! I'm with you.
@BetsyDeVos is evil. That's all there is to it.
Should this be surprising coming from Trump-pussy grabber himself who says he didn't do anything wrong. Protects perpetrator. SAD DAY INDEED
Devos is so clueless. Who benefits from this decision, the men who rape women?
No the innocent.
Of course, "students" doesn't include "accused students."
Your constant pandering and your lack of grasp of Constitutional rights is what's shameful.
Shameful!!
Are you saying "Due process" will hurt students?
They are all a bunch of shit,  can't wait for the impeachment starting from the top down
Evil doers 
Absolute proof that there are misogynst women
Shameful is your role in this.  By expanding definitions and lowering evidence standards, YOU hurt REAL victims. @FaceCampusEqual
They are all effing nuts. And YES, they are DEPLORABLE ! http://Every.Single.One .#noexcuses
I mean why? I can think on no good reason except it was an obama decision.
Due process!
Another Corrupt Surrogate of The Corruptor In Chief making America Worse!
Shame on #BetsyDeVos  Shame on ppl whose goal is to destroy progress in the name of party loyalty.  Shame on this "president" most of all.
I assume you don't believe in due process? We are living a nightmare because of @BarackObama letter! First generation student done wrong!!!
WTF? They did such a good job in the past? Oh I forgot there's no such thing as rape for the #GOP. #stopviolenceagainstwomen
This is horrible. I hope you plain to keep trying to fight this.
This is repugnant. She is clueless or cruel. Either is no good and no excuse.
Protecting Racists!!
What's truly SHAMEFUL is you ignoring your constituents injured by Obama and still fighting for their rights! https://www.delphisalariedretirees.org/delphi/ 
Another part of Trump's agenda.
From the party that lynched Americans in the South without due process comes kangaroo courts for our college students!  Thanks Dems!
I. Can't. Take. This. Seriously, are we just going to go with the complete opposite of common sense?
@BetsyDeVos is destroying our #educationsystem, #good4nothing Congress needs 2do their job& get rid of her before its to late
Every. Single. Thing. Fly on private jets, take healthcare away, deny climate change, now make it easy for rapists. And on and on. Shameful
Giving the accused the right to due process and a trial is not "making it easy" for them.
It needs to be challenged in court
A United States Senator thinks due process rights codified in the Bill of Rights is "shameful." 

ponder that a moment. 
Alternate headline: "Due process still lives in the United States of America, despite authoritarian left' efforts."
Due process is essential to freedom, Senator.@DNC @SenateDems
Dyremstic operation to undo Obama. It is a horrible display of politics and swamp rats
Why are you against Due Process? Please explain instead of virtue signaling
Cover ups and/or look the other way/ will start again.
This is just...evil
What else is new they're tearing down everything with Obamas name on it they need to go #impeachtrumppartynow
I mean, you did give a platform to mattress girl. You know, a liar. Perhaps you should start believing in due process.
Wrong-headed, and unbelievable that w/all that there is to do on education, this is what she focuses on 1st.
Women's rights are being pushed back 70 years.  We can't let this happen.
Actually, eight years, but women have never been great at math.
Silly little man.
Says the hysterical woman.
Republicans are misogynists.
Original take.  Thank you.
I'm sorry, what part of due process is not being understood?  Applies to all, not just the alleged victims.
Shame shame shame and a great deal of worry ...
YOU betray the Constitution and rule of law ... therefore all of us.
Oh now she works for the justice department too?! Really sad... and they wonder why women don't report rapes @BetsyDeVosED #ashamed
make America Rape more again!!!
In defense, do we think we won't prosecute rapes?
Consistent w/Trump policies: remove ob/gyn, peds care from hlth ins + easing sex asslt protection & we have lack of care birth to yng adult.
Even your sons sb entitled to due process if they are ever accused of something horrid.
Why? Just why. @BetsyDeVosED you're a cruel woman with no heart or agenda. This just sums it up so perfectly.
Simply reintroducing due process, as enshrined in the Constitution. Why do you hate America?
If you were so concerned why were u ok with a letter from Obama making actual policy instead of doing your job. This is all over a LETTER
you must not know anyone falsely accused of rape. my friend was and he spent 2 months in juvenile detention and lost a scholarship
and was disowned by his parents until the girl admitted it was lie because her parents didnt want her dating a black kid.
you have no clue what you're talking about
ZERO PROOF AS USUAL
No, denying due process to citizens is shameful.  Shameful a Senator doesn't realize this.
WeR going 2 hell b/c of reckless,soured,$politicians$ whose actions ONLY cause damage/devastation 2 all who R @ the other end of the barrel!
Will you work to get rid of due process off-campus, as well?

