yes
2/3 rejoice, consider free HC in the UK.  Lost 2400 Hemophiliacs from AIDS tainted blood.  How does this happen 20yrs after screening?  Did
Why yes I have. Although does @marcorubio avoiding calls count? Asking for a friend
voy a revisar

No, I got priced out of the market thanks to Obamacare, so I dont have a horse in this race.
You're my senator! Thank you!!

I will call when you pols go on the same med coverage as the public is on
Thank you for everything!!
You and @SenSchumer are my Senators so I'm super happy. Also @AGSchneiderman has got our back!
Me too.
1/3  Call your Senators & tell them we want to give G-C Bill a chance. AHC is D.O.A., Dems will flip U 2 social medicine, free HC.  B 4 U
I mean it seems like you're on it so I'll just send another thank you card <3
@SenGillibrand @SenJohnMcCain thank you for thinking of people like my father.
I have but she’s still tweeting.  Why haven’t you resigned?
I live in New York. So grateful with the comfort that I don't have to.
You and Sen. Schumer are my senators! Thank you! Wish I could call other people’s senators. #NoGrahamCassidy
هلا

Ill call you later but vote no
You are my senator.  Why can't health care companies compete across state lines?
have you come to your sences and removed your cosponsorship from S236?
3/3  UK cull the pop?  UK announced, prohibitive costs forces them 2 deny HC to unhealthy groups; obese (30BMI) & smokers.  Are we next?
No .. because I was thinking of the devastation in Puerto Rico
Yes, called. Some day, maybe, @SenToomey will do the right thing by the people of Pennsylvania. #VotedforFetterman @JohnFetterman
Please call your senators and get Congress and the house in front of Trump with pressure to get Puerto Rico and aid package now!
And how about some help for Puerto Rico?
Yes, and your staff is very nice! But Senator, please, Congress has to address the humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico immediately.
You & Chuck have it right.
Didn't you get my #Resist fax every day last week? I'll send more this week! Keep fighting for us!
All of my Representatives are Democrats!
You mean call you to make it a crime to not have it?
What about those of us that are paying higher premiums and higher deductibles? Who should we call?
you are my Senator!  No need to call you - you already know.  TY!
Sad to see how poorly the @SenateGOP treated #ADAPT protesters today.  Has the #GOP no shame?
You are my senator!! Thank heavens and I have still talked to your staffers to let them know what a terrific person you are
Yes, I called your office and Senator Schumer's office
Health Insurance is not healthcare.  I can't afford the healthcare now that I have been forced to purchase shitty health insurance.  No $$
@SenGillibrand GOP sends investigators to NH looking for fraudulent votes. Finds a few Dartmouth students who kept home-state drivers I.D.
Yep!! Also thanked @SenatorCardin and @ChrisVanHollen for fighting for the dreamers. But for now #puertorico!!!!!
Done!
I'm a NYer!
Have your thought about Double Crossing the Israeli People?
I pay enough now for everyone else to have coverage, so I'm hoping something changes, We are Health Insurance Broke in Upstate, NY!
I'm new to Florida and yes I emailed Rubio.
Yes!! #GrahamCassidyKills #WakeUpAndSmellGOPCorruption
Yes. I have called Shelby each day. Vote NO!!!!
well you're my senator, and you already oppose it
No. Because you're my Senator and thankfully I don't have to. Grateful for you Senator Gillibrand
Yes
I would but I know you agree with my opinion.
I sure did and just like always you avoid my calls and never e-mail me back on any issue.  At least Chuck sends me a form letter.
Cory Gardner does not answer his phone's, or emails. He is a puppet for the orange cheese puff. #CoryGardner
Please protect us from this latest incarnation of healthcare reform.
No ones healthcare is in danger. Nothing but fear mongering
You are my senator and yes.
No because I'm too busy trying to find family members in Puerto Rico!! #PuertoRico
The only reason I haven’t is because I know you are already working on it!
we  do all tetime If  MCCAIN LSA MIRSKWI AND COLLINS  ON  THE  CASE   AND  50 DEMOCRRATES  GIILILLLND IS INCUDED  WE R GET  NOTHING
Yes I did
So glad that you're my Senator! Keep fighting the good fight!
Yes. I contacted you to get Dem hands out of my pockets & away from my private choice. Somehow don't think you are listening.
Nope. You're my senator and I know you're looking out for us.
Fortunately you are my Senator! 
You ARE my senator!
Your staff is lovely 
Yes, I sure did. We need to get rid of the imploding ACA and get something that will work.
@SenGillibrand I don't need to all you, right? Thank you for fighting for healthcare & everything else you do, you are the best!
So redundant that it would insult our Senitor's beyond measure. Give them just a single grain of salt. Like sands through an hour glass...
I got it I told you I would... Like sands through an hour glass, so are the days of our lives. Go Senate go! Get the afford able health care
We all get the same privilege's/benefits...
The Senate isn't a bunch of blithering idiot's. We all, are gonna be sitting -the cat bird seat.
Yes, I called @SenCoryGardner
Sen. Gillibrand please protect our health care
No. I've been to busy trying to get through to you an Congress so that humanitarian aid reaches Puerto Rico.
You are my Senator...keep fighting the good fight! Thank you!
.@SenGillibrand #TrumpGrahamCassidy
You're (one of) my senator(s)! And I thank you for always standing strong for the citizens of NY and this country!
I don't have to call MY senators because I am proud to have you and Sen. Schumer. Thanks for everything you do.
I did! Feel blessed to be in California! @SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris
Have you read the Constitution that you swore to uphold?
Chuckies puppet!  Primary coming.
Sorry I did not call you & @SenSchumer But I did call @lisamurkowski and did email #grahamcassidy to tell my story. ACA saved my 2 daughters
Ummmmmmm...... you are my Senator!  And today you are my favorate, sorry Chuck. Maybe tomorrow!  @SenSchumer
Yes! I called Dems to support #Medicare4All and to watch @SenSanders rock the debate tonight -- Thanks for being one of the co-sponsors!
No, because you and Chuck are my senators.
Your constituents here in 10804 here saying that we are with you 150% to do what you can to block this travesty!
Checking in: Where were you when millions of Americans lost their health care because "...you can keep your health care" was a lie?
Yep. I called @SenFeinstein and @KamalaHarris to say thank you for holding the line for Californians.
You are my senator.
I tried calling Sherrod Brown years ago but he still supported taking away plans and doctors with ACA. Oops you liked stealing those plans.
Yes. I told them chuck Obamacare and give us our money led system. They lied about keeping our plan our doctor and that we would save $2500
Get socialism out of healthcare! Health ins is not healthcare. Stop lying to Americans, we are sick of it! ACA is not affordable or working!
I called the Finance Committee, Collins, Murkowski, tweeted at some others. I trust you to do the right thing!
Why do Dems keep pretending that removing a mandate forcing Americans to buy unaffordable health insurance is somehow taking  insurance away
No changes to ACA!! Love the premiums and deductibles!
- called/left 2 voice messages for each of my 2 senators--for 5 calls & for Planned Parenthood.  
.@SenBobCasey  .@SenToomey
Health care is still not health insurance. Why can't the Democrat party understand this simple fact?
Vote "YES" on the bill!
I haven't called you, but I can't afford to pay for the insurance of millions of people! Have you noticed our nation is $20Trillion in debt?
Yes! I lost my health care due to ACA and I just called and told them to REPEAL. My body, my choices, remember?
I called to show support!!
Senator, I support the ACA, but I live in Washington DC and have no voting representation. Paris, Ottawa, and Brasilia have representation.
Kirsten, look at my compromise plan, it could pass and cover all with no fight/ http://www.bauerforpresident2020.com  this could work for everyone !
You are my Senator. And I am thankful every single day.
and how much has the Insurance Lobbies kicked into your campaign locker?
Between you and @SenSchumer, I believe I am in good hands. Keep fighting the good fight!
Thankful that you and @SenSchumer are my senators and I already know you are fighting for us.
Yes. Get the government's inept hands off my health care & insurance! @SenGillibrand
You're my senator, so I won't clog your lines. I know you'll protect us.
Have you guys done something for Puerto Rico/ US VI?
Now I've seen enough!  A women with no arms or legs arrested in our nation's capital! Damn these fiends and the dotard
Thank you, my Senator!
You ARE my senator!!! I know how lucky I am to know you're fighting for me!!! #thankyou!!!
should we b calling u/@SenSchumer?  Assuming don't have to (b/c NY Sens are the best!), but if you need numbers, I'll get on the phone now!
Told them all to vote for repeal.
Several times
Yes I did and told them that they should give me the Cadillac Healthcare you have and cancel yours, stick to ACA yourself!
Unless you and @SenSchumer are suddenly voting for this horrible bill as you two represent me and my family, I guess I don’t call anyone
and dont forget when you have them on the phone! let them know that Puerto Rico is part of America as well... Sometime they forget!!!!
So proud that you're my senator 
Lucky for me, you're my senator!
Hey @SenToddYoung. Listen to your constituents.
Yes I called Sens Tillis & Burr of NC. Also Sens Collins & Murkowski. Thank you, Sen Gillibrand for your good work!
Yes, but Mitch's Voicemail full as usual. Called his KY office
Protect higher prices?
You mean the healthcare that keeps voting me more each year? Pay for healthcare or feed your family...
Yes I did and told them to repeal and don't replace Obamacare. It is worthless and too damn expensive. But U dont listen.
Yes called to have them repeal Obamacare and will vote out anyone who does not vote against Obamacare
Thanks for all you're doing to protect health care for all Americans
I'd call you again but you already know I think you're doing a wonderful job!
Thank you and @SenSchumer for doing the right thing by fighting those who would take healthcare away from millions of Americans.
They did that when only Dims passed this monster.  It sucks!
Thanks for the reminder!  I tried but your lines are both busy!  #lotsofcalls
@ny_indivisible can't get through to @schumer.  PLEASE run out the clock on this terrible anti ACA bill #NYvoter
Called 8 senators this morning. Will call more after work!
My asshole Senator is one of the sponsors of the bill......I don't think he's gonna change his mind . Other one is worse!
I'm so pissed - at SO much argh
Only 4 days till Friday 
I don't need an excuse to drink, sadly, I guess 
Wasn't talking about drinking, but good to know lol 
It would've been cheaper to pay for the 15 million who didn't have insurance before ACA without upending the whole system.
NO! Ocare-& it's funding-its devestating to America, has caused millions who loved & wanted their Plan & doctor 2 lose both!
Keeping the failing Obamacare is NOT protecting health care for millions, as you'll soon find out.
Checking in Kris: Have you heard the calls from  the people in NY about skyrocketing premiums?  now less choices @CareConnectHlth is out.
You're my Senator. Thanks for doing what's right.
I was doing that 8 years ago to stop Obamacare. Now we should leave it in place and remind everyone it's DemocratCare.
Congress (20% approval) has universal health insurance (56%). Shouldn't their bosses?
You & @SenSchumer are my Senators. I just want to say I support your fight against this awful bill. Keep up the fight! NY has your back!
You're my Senator! Thankfully!
Called @ChrisMurphyCT  and @SenBlumenthal over my lunch break!
#yes
In fact I have...I told them to REPEAL WITHOUT REPLACING OBAMACARE.
I'm lucky enough to have you as my Senator as well as @SenSchumer ...I don't even have to worry about this. Thank you both for all you do!
I faxed your office again.
Was a shame .@TheDemocrats didn't protect mine when they gave us O-Care.  My whole family was shafted with huge premiums/deductables
I have my Senators on speed dial.
Waste of time, they are both Communiste  just like you.
If the health care system will be imploding why do you want to keep it. When it does do you expect Americans to pay for it to keep going?
This morning? Did that in 2010, but you dims went ahead and killed HC for millions of Americans anyway.
Right now it's kind of critical to avoid WWIII, don't you think? The Twitter Tantrumer is putting ppl at massive risk with NK. Red Alert.
I did over the weekend Kirsten. My amazing senators are @SenGaryPeters & @SenStabenow!
Yes one yes one no but young votes party not people
Absolutely! Both @senrobportman & @lisamurkowski I'm not in Alaska but I can't count on my own Sen to protect OH and my child
No. I know you and Chuck have my back!
It's not health care,  It's HEALTH INSURANCE!!!!!!
What happened to "My body, my choice" and keeping government out of my doctor's office?
Yes, I have. @SenToomey's VM is full. I haven't reached a person in weeks. As a PCP was hoping to talk w/ staffer re: positive impact of ACA
Have you secured funding for and built a reliable system to protect the health care of millions of Americans?
Well, I would... but it is you and you would ignore me... I liked my plan, I lost my plan & I had to pay the penalty #liar #hypocrite
My Body My Choice - keep corrupt senators out of health care
Thank you for fighting against the GOP's attempts to repeal and destroy healthcare.
#RepealAndReplace  I'm tires of my premiums and co pays rising!

Called you and Schumer, was told by staff not much point in calling other senators
Just called your office, thank you!
You’re my Senator, and I hope you and @SenSchumer are fighting day and night
Not when I have two blue senators already. Thank you for all you do.
You're one of my senators, @SenGillibrand Thank you to you and @SenSchumer for protecting health care for millions of Americans!
You are my Senator. Do I need to call?
Yes!!
You are my Senator   best thing Patterson did as Governor.
no,  I trust I don't need to call you or Senator @SenSchumer on this issue. but while I'm here, Puerto Rico needs help now!
Senator, please have some of your staff push for aid to sisters & brothers in #PR #USVI They have NOTHING.  This is an outrage.  #Horrified
Yes.
just called your office, but they couldn't give me much info re: how you will slow down vote on G-C bill or how you plan to aid PR.
I'm a retired #veteran in Germany seeking 5-day respite from U.S. madness. You're my Sen but I tweeted @Collins/Murkowski/McCain. #AllICanDo
Checking In: Maybe do something for Puerto Rico?!
You're my Senator. I know where you stand!
Janette Rankin Started Healthcare in 1917 Since Men FIGHTING2KEEP WOMEN Away from Politics!STOP War ON WOMEN!
Grateful to have you as my senator! Keep fighting!
You are my Senator, and could not be happier.
You mean ACA insurance don't you? That's not healthcare.
