It was also stunning to hear that Comey began writing memos after his first meeting with Trump due to concerns that Trump may lie about it.
That Comey took the President’s comments regarding the Flynn investigation ‘as a direction’ is alarming.
Comey's testimony also raises more questions about the actions of the Attorney General.
We must get to the truth, because nobody, including the President, is above the law.
If no one is above the law, even the #POTUS then why the hell did Hillary & AG Lynch get off the hook, easily! Now Obama is looking badWHY?
Focus on your hero, who needs you now more than ever, because he's going to jail
NEVER HAPPEN! Hillary goes to jail
Hillary maybe, fingers crossed, but Trump's associates definitely, your favourite globalist Jared Kushner 4 sure
In #comey opinion.  I think @POTUS was right on.  The FBI was the laughing  stock. #email #retract #statements
Disgruntled employee
Nice to hear the truth for a change.
Comey has lost all credibility.
Nope, he just gained more. I actually listened to his words. And i understood.
feeling expressed, unveiled months later...AFTER being fired.
notes and can't recall what was discussed. Comey has dinner with president-elect Trump, takes copious notes, recalls every instinct and
Comey investigates Clinton aides, gives them immunity and takes NO notes. Comey questions Hillary, does not place her under oath, takes NO
Comedy took no notes with Bush or Obama
Who is Comedy? And why would he, he was hired by Obama and was loyal to him.
Except by the time Comey was done squeezing he proved Trump correct
He also testified that there was no colusion etc but you leave that out. Comey lied under oath r u worried about that? of course not!
What's stunning is to hear a Senator like you drop F Bombs
Senator Gillibrand is so far up Schumers butt. What happened to her? Sad.
Potty mouth. Trying to look like you are passionate. Instead u sound like no respect for the office u fell into.
And he needs his notes for his $10 million book deal
so far we are able to prove your not telling the truth.We demand a special council on Obama and Lynch for obstruction of justice on emails
Gillibrand, of course, chooses to believe a disloyal leaker over our president.
Are you as stunned by the use of Bleachbit and hammers ?
R U as stunned that former AG Lynch told Comey to call the investigation into Hillary a "matter" & didn't take notes or check her server?
You stunned that there is nothing there? You have quite a potty mouth too.
Trump didn't lie about Comey. Comey ruined his own reputation with the Clinton deal. I am stunned you are a Senator.
Much more stunning is that he confessed to A) he is a leaker and B) he lied to Congress before. Uh oh. He's in trouble. YOU GOT NOTHING.
There are always 2 sides to each story.  Comey was a #BadCop
Yes, Comey's lies were stunning.  He was feckless, unprofessional, whiny and pathetic, as are those who pretend to have believed him
it was stunning to hear that he broke his employment agreement at the FBI by releasing government property
Trump told the truth about Comey. He destroyed credibility of FBI and had to go. Democrats wanted him fired. Until Trump fired him.
More stunning:FBI Director is corrupt political hack.Spineless leaker who can't announce to Amer people their Prez is NOT under investgtion
It was stunning to hear Comey admit to be a leaker of confidential information. Disgrace!
Stunning to hear director of FBI common criminal leaker of government documents belonging to the taxpayers. Draining the swamp great idea!
once again you are lying about what Comey said.Do you work for the times they do the same thing then has to retract there story
Trump is a habitual liar so how could you ever believe anything he says
Comey went from Elliott Ness to Elliott Mess. Cowardly Comey.
It was stunning to find Comey's a weak sissie who should have never held top job at FBI or anywhere else! And to watch him lie under oath!
Should be STUNNING to you that #COMEY Leaked along with he has STUNNING bad Judgment. I was so scared 
Stunning as you were stunned? Please say you were not at all surprised.
Oh Clinton Obama Lynch 3 upstanding criminals  I'm sure you think that all Part The Red Sea too.
U mean lies that were just proved? Especially Comey lie of omission?  Said Russia hacked DNC but no look at server? Now that's stunning
They weren't lies when he pursued Hillary and all The BS you said about him right? Hypocrite
Stunning that he can not decipher between a lie and an opinion!  Sad.
Why are you representatives not on Obamacare ?  Is it too good for you ?
It was stunning to hear James Comey testify under oath that he leaked documents to the press and that be told lies about President Trump.
Comey also claimed to be 'honestly loyal' and then leaked information. Not very credible
I will be in touch with the following
It takes courage to stand up for the truth. In many aspects of life people turn the other way. Never fear repercussions because #truthwins
U really are a mess.U weren't stunned to hear Comey a leaker?&only thing not leaked by him &media was that Trump never under investigation?
But not surprising.
But not stunning that Lynch asked him to call Clinton investigation a "matter"? You only see what you want to see!
senator I call on you as a constituent to #ImpeachTrumpNow
It was also interesting to hear that his investigation of Hillary was obstructed by Lynch...why is that not being investigated as well?
What testimony were you watching toots?
I vote in NY.  You and Comey are wrong, Comey defamed Trump.
He's so sensitive. Now let's talk about lies and obstruction of justice. Shall we?
Defaming the FBI is unAmerican and unpatriotic.
What was stunning is all the wrongdoing Comey admitted to....@POTUS is in the clear as well known for awhile...#MAGA
In your dreams darlin'...in reality Comey admitted he is the only one guilty of wrongdoing. You are an embarrassment.
What is stunning, an FBI Director, who was supposed to be investigating leaks...when sacked...leaks himself. Incredible!
stunning or predictable?
Wonder if u r stunned that Obama stopped the Iran investigation 2 help sell his Iran nuclear deal! Russia deal is stupid. Do some real work
Yes, it is pretty stunning to hear such terrible things about the President of the United States. Oh, how you've fallen!
That surprised you. Trump should not be President. He isn't qualified  doesn't know the issues and blames others for his ineptitude
This whole left wing drama created bullshit is tearing this country apart. When r we going to start growing economy lower taxes
Yea too bad it was true what Trump said according to many at FBI
I was stunned too when I heard him say that he was a coward who was too "afraid" to report the crime to anyone else in the chain of command
Gillibrand knows all about lying, she is a pro
You must have been watching a different hearing.
Stop it and get to the business of the people
2020
"Stunning" went out the window when this guy got elected. Clearly unfit for office.
Funny choice of words "stun..!" U obviously believe every word of Comey. Not sure why because u hated him when he spoke out against Hillary
Just what part is stunning to you?
You got it assbackwords AGAIN
I've got to call foul here. You're from NY-best state in the union, You're used to Trump and his shit.  This shouldn't surprise you at all 
From a pissed of guy that got fired haha ha only thing funnier is you calling it stunning
"Unpresidented "
Awww was James Comey's feelings hurt. Trump broke zero laws. Comey is a partisan asshole with an axe to grind. He deserved to be fired
Comey is lying. He is a political democratic animal. He is not an independent thinker!!
And you believe coney, a confessed liar
Any interference in the electoral process should be taken seriously without any compromise. Consequence should be severe.
Russia and Trump may not understand, but the electoral process is one of the key pillars our any democratic institution.
yep
Comey is an Obama man. He was out to destroy Trump from the beginning. It was just a matter of time before it hit the fan.obama Kool aid.
I got teary eyed as he talked about how Trump defamed his position and the FBI
It made anyone upset who thought the Director of the FBI should be a man of integrity, not a wimpy, whiny, feckless, govt leaker.
Now that sounds more like a description of our current president
Evidence? Economy is the best in 16 years. Enacted 28 laws during the first 100 days. Rolling back ridiculous mountain of EPA laws by Obama.
You sound almost like @timkaine. I wasn't there , neither you. How many lies have you concieled
Truth 4sure.
Oh boo hoo. No evidence of lies. @POTUS continues his WINNING!! #draintheswamp
He's just mad cause he got fired. An he wanted his revenge At Trump. He admitted he leaked now he's in for it. Put his rearend in prison .
Don't pick and choose parts of Comey's stmts. you want to hear. Consider all or different ind. statements can support many pts. of view.
Maybe he's lying
Welcome to the rest of Stunned America! Anyone who has been watching and listening at least in some small way would already think this.
Stunning but the fact that Mr Trump is a liar and a cheat should not as a surprise to anyone....especially NYers.
#Lordy I hope has the tapes!  #ComeyDay #TrumpObstructed
There are no tapes...a big bully lying as usual!!
And it is stunning to hear the #GOP Congress defend him and now talk about #Comey like he did something - in this case NOT THE HILLARY CASE
I was more stunned that he was told what verbiage to use in an investigation and that he leaked a document to the press
Wasn't a document -- it was his own personal memos -- and he did it as a private citizen.  Bot.
A government document, generated in a government system, for potentially investigative purposes.
It will be more stunning to hear you announce something big happening in upstate NY. What do you do all day?
Tweet nonsense and worry that the DNC will run Booker in 2020
Stunning was the GOP attempt to persecute him...
James Comey's opening statement made me weep for our country.
I was disgusted by Comey. He destroyed what was left of his reputation. Another person ruined by the Clintons.
Comey defamed..?
one word, 2018. then we deal with 2020
It's a number but I got u! 
Not that #Comey himself is a hero - this is a power struggle, and neither side has the People's interests at heart.
And POTUS never once asked about the Russian interference?   Not even once.  And GOP has the damm nerve to lecture Coney on pushing back?
Too funny you all are. 
Gd pt lost in this we hve a @POTUS who called a respctd honorable mn a nut job, said FBI lost confidence; to def a man who comm Fed crime(s)
All, incldg Democrats, lost confidence in Comey bec of Clintons. Dems wanted him fired til Trump did. Comey not honorable. He leaked & lied.
Really nothing that this man does surprises me...he is a narraccist...pathological lier...an embarrassment
& then hear the GOP, & Trump's own lawyer act like Comey should have acted as POTUS' guidance counselor.  Amazing
I'm sorry, if u r coming in as a self described outsider, it's on u to find out what the rules are or ASK SOMEONE. even toddlers know this.
He felt intimidated (pressured) and harassed.
Oh, poor baby, FBI director can't stand up for himself. So glad he was FIRED!  Weak, weak man. Hoover must be turning over in his grave.
Gee, who could have predicted tRump would lie when he even lies about small things? #Kompromat #DonTheCon #LiarInChief
Trump is a professional, perhaps compulsive liar. There's nothing stunning about hearing him called out on his lies.
Do you agree with comey?
