He's breaking everything.
#RenewJonesActWaiver
Is Corker right? Does every senator know this?
What a disgrace he is.That guy shldn't be allowed to have anything to eat or drink that isn't laced w/the poison he shoved down our throats
Thank you, Senator
Big surprise.
Michael Dourson will continue to harm & kill innocent Americans via EPA.  Do NOT allow this to happen!
Back to the 1940s.
In a past tweet, I wrote this...”and GOP preparing laced Kool Aid for Trump to give the few left standing.  C’mon already!!!”
I stand corrected.  It is Michael Dourson, who’s preparing laced KoolAid. #EPA
I like you more each day.  Keep standing for good things!
Please vote NO on everything until they are removed from office
Toxic whore approved.
Senate GOP Pimps win.
But we all get fucked...
#. Same old same old. Our health and children’s future for your profit.
Keep up the good work! We appreciate you
This nomination by trump shows just how little he thinks of the American people
Dow gave trump a $1M T reversed PO's & gave Dow the go ahead chemicals in crops that gives kids nerve damage t goes 4a quick buck every time
@DowChemical  South Charleston plant "Island" and far left of main entry gate.
will NOT dig to plug know leaks bc AB toxin rls
Chernoble bad
REpugs & trump r Killing all living things including us
BRAVO Senator This admin has no clue of the term *serving the ppl* Their focus ie is $ coming in from appointee$ a$$ociations all $ EXP
Thank you Senator Gillibrand
So now we’re just going to fill the swamp with swamp water. OK then.
Thank you for speaking up against Michael Dourson. We need more voices in the Senate like yours!
GET SOME PR ON THESE CNN FOX & MSNBC> FIGHT DIRTY THE TRUTH IS ON OUR SIDE. SAY OUT LOAD> TRUMP IS A LIAR & NARCISSIST
Of course you will
Thank you @SenGillibrand for voting against every one of these atrocious nominees.
Kirsten I love you
We hate Trump.  He is a poison to the world!
Wait! Is this guy really Wierd Al?
expected as much...we’d rather hear why you’re standing with the anti-Israel groups..you know the anti-Semites! Are you a white supremacist?
Thank you Senator Gillibrand your a true hero
It's okay. Wealthy people buy bottled water and make sure their water is safe.
That is needless to say you dope.
Thank you for your love and devotion to the American people!
Kirsten gillibrand is taking money from sexual assaulter harvey Weinstein will she disavow him

This guy even looks shady. What's with the moustache?

The real problem is that GOP SAY they love their families but they really only love money.
#GOPSOP
This is what people don’t see because of all the other BS trump is doing. These nominations need to be stopped.
Notice how he closes his eyes when he answers her questions. Liar. Charlatan. Crooked to the core
Thank you Senator!!!
Love @SenGillibrand 's passion
Thoughts and prayers are meaningless and a bloody insult if Congress and trump do NOTHING about gun control. Hypocrites! All of you!
Thank you for holding the line! We don't need another EPA appointee who's more interested in encouraging polluting than protecting Americans
Pleading with psychopaths is like pleading with a snake. They don't understand caring. Washington is a snake pit.
@chrislhayes @jaketapper gentlemen I no longer want to hear about Trump, I don't care.. I want u to report about what this woman is saying!
This whole administration is so backwards! It literally is the opposite of what and who should be doing the job
Thank You!
This administration is relentless...dourson has more than a good chance of getting thru fta
I am so proud you are my Senator!
 stay strong
We hope so. Enough stocking of the septic tank with inept idiots.
Sen. Gillibrand, you are my hero - a voice of reason in a Congress virtually devoid of reason and compassion!
Thank you Senator.  As always, your efforts to keep our children and our country  safe are greatly appreciated.
My opinion-take the contaminated water and force it down Dourson and Chump's throat on a daily basis. Or perhaps their kids.
Thanks for your work against this terrible choice for EPA.......
Why do all of Dump's picks look like snake oil salesmen?? Sleezy.
It's like we're living in a backwards world if you're against something that's the agency you're going to be in charge of
Thank you for your leadership. This is Why #womenInLeadershipMatter.  See you Oct. 26-27th in DC.  #ElectingWomenAlliance
All of Trump's nominations have been like this. The scum bubbles quickly to the top under Trump.
@JuddApatow He has the eyes-closed body language of a liar.
Trump is scum and the idiots he has running the EPA shows he and his base are irresponsible at best
In today's episode of watching a train derailment in slow motion.....
Kind of like using Snidely Whiplash as a babysitter. This guy even looks the part of sinister
Why can't all these nominees just be blocked?  These selections are just people who are nomiinated to destroy the agencies they represent.
Trump has his foxes in every branch of government.
Sounds familiar. lol - Please stop this appointment @DNC & @GOP... 
#GrowSomeBalls 
Thanks Kirsten!!!
Wow... Fox guarding Hen House or what?!
'Clean Beautiful Coal' - #TrumpIsAMoron 
He looks like an evil Dog Show judge.
Arrest him for criminal negligence and 10,000 counts of manslaughter.
Thank you Senator Gillibrand!!! It is good to know there are responsible people in DC looking after us
Never shocked by Trump's pitiful excuses for nominees any longer. I don't even ask how low can he go. We already know the answer to that.
This guy looks like Dan Akroyd selling “Bag O’Glass” as a toy to kids #SNL
At this point, the EPA should be renamed the EDA, The Environmental Destruction Agency.
He’s “never met a chemical that he didn’t like” 
Why do we still listen to the EPA? They told first responders and the public that the air was safe in lower Manhattan immediately post 9/11
Another Trump man who doesn't give a shit about people other than the rich n wealthy!
Yet another Piece of  Anti-Agency #Villain nominee by
#TakingAmericaBACKWARDS Trump administration
#UNFIT
#NationAtRisk
Thank you, Senator. This is why you will have my vote for as long as you want your job. Thank you for representing my needs & views.
The current Australian Foreign Minister legally represented asbestos companies and fought efforts to speed up cases of terminal ill.
Monster... they keep nominating MONSTERS to this administration!
It's the right thing to do. Someone has to speak up for crisakes.
Thank you, Senator, for standing up for our kids.
Make sure I got my check
What is wrong w these old men, since they don’t have much more time on this earth they want to destroy it before they leave
He is a joke and a disgrace.
It's unbelievable the people trump has picked. Literally destroying America
Great. Also demand public hearings on trump's FERC nominees. #stopCPV #protectnywater we need yr advocacy now!  #NYSDEC needs to protect h2o
Thank you for consistently voting against these horrible appointments. We know  @sensanders won't. Dem base wants him away from our Party.
Someone should give him a glass for good old Detroit water
They look for the worst of the worst and then put them in charge. Crazy
Great...can we start impeachment whole your there
Thank you. I will sleep tonight. Its awful. Thank you for standing up to tyranny.
NOT Needless to Say- objections are IMPORTANT to say.
Ma'am, you are a #HERO
Thank you Senator Gillibrand, so proud to have you as my senator
Omg. Are these horrible men being sent from general casting?
This man looks like an evil villain from a movie!
HOW CAN TRUMP NOMINATE THIS MONSTER?
@RepAdamSchiff @RWPUSA tedlieu
Thank you
No qualifications for a job in Trump adm seems to be a requirement. 
I only hope a nonsurgeon does Trumps surgery one day.
Thanks for your service @senGillibrand and I'm very happy with your perseverance on this. Stay on it!!
Thank you.
This is the guy Trump wants and his followers still think Trump is not Satan?  WTF!!!!!
@Rosie Hero of the Senate...Woman of Valor
That's all you do is vote no..purely partisan, purely politics
@SenGillibrand thank you #KeepFighting #Resistance #resist
Thank you.
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you
Thank you !
At the next hearing offer him some water with PFO at the level of contamination he thinks is acceptable and see if he drinks it!
Thanks Kirsten! Proud constituent here!
Thank you Senator Gillibrand.  This administration has the worse nominees.  They are totally opposite what a good nominee should be.
woow you have self- confidence and so great hurt and so responsibility..i like you and your thinking so much.
Thank you for standing up to the evil that is spewing over this great country.  Just thank you!!!
You go, girl! Love what you do!
Thank you for caring about ALL Americans.  But those across the aisle will probably approve this POS.
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand. I hope your  stance persuades many colleagues in the senate to do the same.  These sham appts must stop
Trump has the uncanny ability to dredge up the very worse possible nominee for every partcular  position.  It's like flies drawn to shit.
Rock on Senator!!!!
Pray for all of us here in Grand Bay, AL. And Mississippi as well.  I'm exactly 400 ft. From the state line. Patricia your the best!!!!!!
No he is a man.  They all have brain damage.  He is not thinking things out right.  Put it next to his home.
Please oppose
Thank you
It really is beyond the pale, the reprobates that Trump has placed, and tries to place, in key positions. Sad.
Sadly, GOP will win the vote because not enough of them put right before might. Power comes before country.
Power and money and the almighty GOP! They have no character, just characters like their leaders, Mitch, Paul, and the Orange Man!
How about a march on Washington TO DEMAND Trumps impeachment?
Please save us from Trump. He is making us into a banana republic taking away rights one by one.
As every member should. Dourson is a reprehensible shill for the Koch Bros and big oil. A cheap sell out.
Know ppl in upstate NY directly impacted by this issue. They learned they had been drinking and bathing in contaminated water for years.

This is a suburb of Albany. NY's state capitol. Children are sick from the contamination.
Nice  [♡}
Every one of these nominations is like putting David Duke in charge of the NAACP.
eh? if all the BS was true then why aren't we all dead or desperately sick already? I am so tired of all the fear mongering sky is falling
GOOD job, Kirsten! We NEED to keep these hypocrites OUT of our government! Trump proves he doesn't care about US. #Leaders
Thank you for exposing and fighting these bastards #itsoktocry
Thank you.
So glad you're my Senator!
In "Tromp speak" he is the perfect candidate.
The selection of Trump's nominees and the next level down is not making America great again. It's returning us to the stone age.
Wow...he should have NEVER been nominated. Sick uncaring individual, only cares about money. #Greed
Believe me when I say that, given your voting track record,  we were not shocked when we read this.
Trying to reason with these conservative monsters makes no sense. It's about $$.  Not people
Never the people
We LOVE you Kirsten
#Hero #Patriot #Leader #Champion
God he's awful. Willful murder for money.
Thank you,@SenGillibrand I Wish you guys could pick a @EPA director like @BillNye or @DrJillStein they would be perfect for the @EPA job.
Thank you,@SenGillibrand For You’re Courageous Words And Saying No To This atrocity of a candidate for @EPA He is not The man for the Job.
Thank you for being an advocate for our children at a time when they desperately need one.
Thank you - Dourson pockets chemical companies' $$$. Trump's corrupt pond scum...
Speaks with passion and heart, thank you Kristen.
Thank you for your continued fight of the rights of everyday Americans.
Dems need to proudly proclaim that they are voting to protect American's health and prosperity. Repubs are voting to protect their party.
Go, KG, go.
#BadAssWomenDC  @SenGillibrand You r a rock solid example of why we need women leaders. Thank you for showing emotion on the senate floor.
So proud you represent us
Kirsten for president!
Dems need to run beloved American people will vote for. Oprah, Hanks,  Michelle etc. 45 shows anyone can win. Dems need to think outside box
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Gillibrand for being a TRUE Public Servant and not a Destroyer like most of AdolfTrump’s Cabinet choices.
You're a beautiful woman. Inside and out. Thank you for everything you do for us. 
