Thank you for fighting for all of us and being true patriots! @CoryBooker @repjohnlewis @SenSchumer @ChrisMurphyCT
Fighting for what: Tax the rich in Conn.and NJ. Failing. Sanctuary cities in Illinois.Higher murder rate.
Higher minimum wage in Seattle. Failing. Obamacare nationally. Failing. Your patriots are killing us.Wake-up.
Thank you! @SenGillibrand, you continue to prove to your constituents that you represent their interests. #NoTrumpcare
You sure don't have obuma care.blowing up
Keep the pressure on!
New leadership looking good
This niece of his and his son made many phone calls using Gujarati and Hindi and no one knows how many even phone banks used by them.
These local Alumni now moving back to the area with Vassar College undergraduate, have many information items with this as well.
Are there any more political analysts that want to speak or understand the proper and simple Gujarati lines? Many are afraid of linguistics.
#impeachtrumpnow
Trump is your president
@CoryBooker  and Kirsten, the one who lied for @SenSchumer when he called a stewardess a b*tch. Go figure the hypocrisy and violence support
Please protect our health care.  We are relying on you to save our lives.
You're heard all the time...usually ignored, mostly tolerated,  often giggled at, but yes, heard. Set a higher bar maybe?
It's all Illinois/Indiana circles. I do not know more than the actual circles there. Many took up residences there.
Just with the names and Gujarati slangs used by my father, everyone in viscidity of Poughkeepsie has been notified and followed by hers.
This woman's death on the jogging tracks on surveillances is still spreading and being mass marketed by now India's PM Modi/more with him.
Thank you, so much, for all you're doing.
This is all again now in full India Prime Minister Modi and Israeli lobbying. I am not in these circles at all. More information/analysis.
This is another man called Cory Booker aside from the one already labeled the NJ one.
Positive acts, please. Enough of the obstruction. Get something done.
What did you accomplish?  Anything?
@ChrisMurphyCT @CoryBooker I loved this!!! So much so that I didn't even watch @CNN that night because I was glue to FB live!
I love love you patriotic Americans! @EmmaWillard is SO proud!!
Obamacare gave waivers to McDonalds why?
A movement to loose more seats. Thank you and we appreciate it
And it showed just how big of babies the Democratic Party is, if you don't get your way you yell, call names, riot and finish by stomping ft
They had another dinner party for Vijay and his wife Malvika who recovers from cancer with more locals and more to cheer him his mood.
This is yet again the Katan or Ketan Desai and General Motors fighting. This deceased cousin and he made "deals" in DC.
This is yet again more mass marketing and fighting from the Gujarati Indian jogger related to Poughkeepsie Vijay Desai.
There are about 100 in many states as State Senator then there about 50 as Congressman. This is a actual counting.
Trifecta
Stoopid
do you guys tease Cory over the Constitution.
This is so moving, thank you!!
Just the usual bull.
Star Wars all over.
Was it that senators actually listened to constituents? Thanks to dems for teaching by example hopefully GOP is paying attention!
The only thing we heard was your inability to work with the Republicans and speak misinformation about the bill. #shameful
Here we go again.Another photo of Cory obstructing rather than contributing to a healthcare bill for our country.
I can hear you circling the drain as we speak bye bye hay now
Thread re Senators sitting w people on #SenateSteps on Mon led me to pride filled tears. This was the #America I want back, this was #hope !
It's an honor to have ppl like you representing us! I wish there were more of you!
That was what democracy looks like, thanks you two!
Looks Like The Three stooges, Moe, Larry, & Curly Pathetic needy Politicians AKA Obstructionists.They Need to Calm Down take A deep Breath
@CoryBooker  full of sound and fury, signifying nothing. ..I want your plan...
Yeah ... keep going. Get a single payer plan on the floor. Get the language on a website somewhere for people to read. Keep pushing back.
It was a very hopeful moment for me. I've been begging me friends to call. It's good to see you and Cory and Brian and Chris fighting for us
You will need to do it again. Well done.
Thank you Senator Gillibrand for representing NY with class

are we paying u to sit on the steps instead of at a table discussing how to come up with a healthcare bill that wks for everyone?? get 2 wk
Thank you, seriously thank you!
Kirsten: You must run for president, or at the very least be a part of the ticket. Your commitment, intelligence and humor are required.
It won't help. The fix is in and now voter purges to win in '18.
PHONY #PHony #PHONYDEMOCRATS #LOSERS #Get he F out of NY you stink it UP #GillibrandSUCKS
and thank you for talking with the people. Reminded me that y’all are my America and proud to be a democrat.
Photo op photo op photo op
Get back to work. Your Solidarity is nice - try showing some for the people of the United States & @POTUS.

Good. Defeat #Trumpcare then go for the real solution: an NHS like the UK has. 100% medical care. #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll #NHSforUSA
Please dont let it be the last.
Even when we disagree we must cont. to speak up and then listen to each other.  Thank you for positive msg
It was so grassroots that the media just happened to be waiting for it to happen. You guys are such frauds.
Ur 1 not to pass up a good showing!!
Please return all the $ from drug companies
Proud to call you my Senator! Keep up the great work.
Yeah OK DEMS are one big joke:
John Lewis and Corey Booker, both from failed states and failed cities.  Jokes.
Thank you for all you do
Can you please be more outspoken about Russian hacking and voter suppression?
Bahahahaha! Wow you really have zero life! Were you not able to vote
TY @SenGillibrand @CoryBooker @repjohnlewis @SenSchumer @ChrisMurphyCT for your steadfast opposition to the GOPs ignorant & brutal policies.
10804 here! Thank you for really representing us!!
Please keep it up. Your antics are turning everybody off and ensuring more Democratic losses. Since Obama you're on losing streak
Wake up Russians hacked our election! Country over party! They stand up for Freedom of press and our right to protest!
Russians didn't change one vote. And if Clinton wasn't sending emails on unsecure server and illegal activity it wouldn't of mattered
