No way Senator, they should all enter the country as legal immigrants. My grandparents did not need a Dream Act!
It puzzles me how an American schoolteacher could think it makes sense to punish American kids for something their parents did.
What do you mean by the term "American Kids? "Are they "American kids? "Ad hominem do not make for good arguments. Please check your facts.
They've spent either all or most of their life in this country. By any reasonable/compassionate definition they are Americans.
You'd really be in favor of exiling someone (especially a young someone) to a country they've never lived in?
They were very young when they came here. Now they are older and smarter by American education system. They will thrive.
That's a remarkably naive (and cruel) attitude. And if they have no family there, or don't know the language?
Mr Milner you are that concerned and committed,you may volunteer to go with them in order to help them.
Why do they deserve it? What did they all do to earn it?
WRONG! It's time to enforce LAW and DEPORT ALL 750,000 DACA illegal invaders; that's 750,000 jobs and boosted wages for American dreamers
That’s 750,000 possible future geniuses lost and a 1/100 lost of historical impact
they can get in line like everyone else after being deported. US should not reward criminal behavior.
Dreamers are delusional.  I not. W brother s. Deport. And dog
What the hell is this word salad supposed to mean. 
oSD know
NOT UNTIL U STOP NEW FLOW OF DREAMERS! FIX THE SYSTEM!
You do understand the diff between LEGAL and ILLEGAL, don't you!  DACA was UNCONSTITUTIONAL!  Of course dems lie to further their agenda!
DACA was UNCONSTITUTIONAL!!  Nuff said.....
Congress never passed DACA. Odumbass screwed us!
Who is "us"? Has a Swedish woman come into your home and disassembled all your furniture? A Mexican man made your taco truck food too spicy?
An independent business owner of their own making personally snubbed you for a job?
What do YOU do to make this country great, love? Do you ask people to love each other while in the same breath spew racist rhetoric by rote?
Does the test for citizenship include an ethics component?
I wish @SenGillibrand cared about her legal constituents as much as the illegals. They have benefits we don't yet we pay high tolls & taxes!
Time to send dreamers home and vote you out
Citizenship is a privilege NOT a "they deserve it."
I'm glad that my Great Grandmother was allowed to stay in this country. She came to Ellis Island as a child. We all have immigrant roots.
They are more vetted than the GOP
So, you're just going to give the shaft to all the LEGAL immigrants?  
How does #DACA give shaft to legal migrants?
We had to follow the rules.  Some of us are STILL following the rules, DACA gave no protection to these people.
I'm glad you had the privilege to do it the right way, not everyone has that privilege. Others must escape their homes due to war/poverty.
So, it's ok if people like us get the shaft because you ASSUME you have extenuating circumstances.  Lest you forget DACA was also unconstit.
Again, how does #DACA give you the shaft? Recipients have to undergo extensive scrutiny/continue follow rules. How is that an attack on you?
OMG.  LEGAL immigrants can't just show up.  You jumped the line.  You like things to be fair right?
We get that you had to wait a long time.But Parents of #daca didn't have luxury of waiting. They had to escape horrible situations.
Executive orders come and go.  The ball is in your court big mouth. We shall see if you, mirror-loving Schumer & tipsy Pelosi have a clue.
Gillibrand doesn't care about Children breathing toxic smoke she wont fight the loophole on Indoor wood boilers.  Not a word!
Let them become legal like all others that migrate here.   The have had years to do this.
Right away please, packaged with Harvey relief.  #urgent #DreamActThisWeek
Thank you for always having our state and country's back, and being a mensch. I am grateful you're my Senator.
Yes! Please make sure your colleagues stick to the full DREAM Act & not cave to permanent temp status (DACA)
No they need to get back in line to re-enter legally

Nobody has the right to punish Americans by forcing them to labor for the benefit of rewarding criminal trespassers or the criminal parents
So why can't the useless Congress get it passed? Shouldn't have been done by Exec order in first place.Get something done for once. #useless
Seems everybody's got to obey the law except illegal immigrants they get a pass that's CRAP.
#DefundPP #DefendDACA
Do you job as a senator and fix it. Trump did not cause this problem. Congress has ducked this issue for years. Do you job solve the problem
Will more than a handful of Republicans in 'purple' states support this?
rightly deserve

You really should look up those words before using them.
Well said!
   DACA's   
 DESERVE
  CITIZENSHIP
MORETHAN MANY
AMERICAN
  CITIZENS 
  INCLUDING
FAKEPRESIDENT
& KLANSMEN
Please explain why they "rightly deserve" it & other immigrants trying to come here legally don't.
What's right is America First!
Hell no!  Then others will come in right behind them.  It's a vicious cycle...I say we let in as many as you can fit in your house.
Imagine a place where the elected officials work harder for the citizens of that country than for criminals and their children, both illegal
Please keep fighting!!
Let's make it comprehensive immigration reform and fix the root cause.
Thankyouuu
Make the application for their home country.
Perhaps some should but rightly deserve????? They are here against the law..what don't you understand? Feel good religion of liberalism.
My parents dreamed of being in America.  We came here legally.so should everyone else
These "Dreamers" can blame their Parents for entering this country illegally.  They are lawbreakers not deserving of our country
There is a path already. Many come here through the proper channels. How come no one pressed this after O signed the EO? Too much work?
It's time to give Kirsten Gillibrand the election loss she rightly deserves.
They have had a path to citizenship for years.  Why didn't they choose to follow it?    Black Pharoah Obama created this crisis illegally.
I don't believe that children shud be punished for the sins of their parents and something needs to be done for them this is their home now
Why do they "deserve" it? Why? Should they get it, maybe. But deserve it. Does everyone on earth deserve it?
I don't believe they should be sent back. I also don't believe that they should enjoy the fruit from a poison tree by granting citizenship
They should rightly learn the laws and the constitutional democracy. You should take that class as well...wow!
Why do illegal aliens deserve special treatment? They have a path now...go home and get in line.
.@SenGillibrand I agree -- please become a co-sponsor of S.1615 TODAY #HereToStay
why haven't you started this 8 years ago
Tweets aren't helpful. Why aren't you cosponsoring the Dreamer Act?
Please cosponsor S1615 as soon as possible, Senator. We're counting on your leadership!
How will you overcome @freedomcaucus fire wall in the House? @SpeakerRyan expect @BreitbartNews chief editor #Banon to go to #war
The REAL dreamers are the people who give up everything to come here legally. And by allowing illegals in, you spit in their face.
How do they DESERVE it? They've already displayed contempt for our way of life by breaking into the country like burglars
.@realDonaldTrump will never be legitimate! Failure fraud cruel liar unamerican TOTAL DISGRACE! THE WORLD LOATHES HIM  #DefendDACA
Wondering whether (R) next to names of Republican politicians supporting Trump on DACA repeal stands for Racist or Republican?
I wonder if the D next to Democrats stands for dipshit. Calling Republicans racist hasn't helped. You don't want a fix you want a villain
Most Republicans don't support DACA repeal. The question was regarding those who support.
thank you for your support and leadership! #DefendDACA
You know what would really MAGA? Keeping the Dreamers and deporting the Nazis.
you should have been doing your job instead of appearing on talk shows

Even if Congress passed a bill in 6 mos #Trump would still have 2 sign it. He won't bcuz Sessions & Kobach will whine abt rule of law.
How come nobody put pressure on Obama to fix immigration?? You only had 8 years. #DREAMers #DACA
The multi-million dollar (I mean voter) question.
Please sign on as a cosponsor of the DREAM Act bill S 1615, @SenGillibrand! Urgent urgent urgent!
Please remain tireless. These are all #diversions
Compromise: Keep the program active for those currently in it and  suspend/discontinue for new applicants.
Yessssss! Get it done! We are counting on you!
"Rightly deserve"? Those here legally, rightly deserve a chance at citizenship.
Give them a path to go back to where they came from, they are just stealing American jobs
They rightly deserve? How so? They're ILLEGAL.  #MORON
I never got out of a speeding ticket because I didn't see the sign. Laws are laws for a reason. They can come back through proper channels.
And your kids never got punished for your speeding.
Senator!  A Lower Manhattan constituent. Enough is enough.  Do not fund gov't unless DACA legislation passed.  Its enough!#DefendDACA
Well as a Trump voter you are going to have to give up something
If you're concerned about #DACA, but have never once worried about 2M+Homeless American Kids, please check yourself. #Trump #MAGA
What I learned in school.We are a nation of laws not muh feels.
You can't put it off either. Some are going to need to file renewals in next few months. Needs to be done immediately
My friend just called the counseling office and she's renewing next week.
That's good, read somewhere they may be ending renewals as soon as October
deport them
Finally someone suggests action rather than tweeting how wrong Trump is for recending DACA.
It was unlawful to begin with!
immigration is a matter for the legislative branch of government you are in the drivers seat Senator. DACA Dreamers are counting on you all.
Either u don't understand legislative process or really stupid. 6 mos is just 4 hearings. Even if a bill is passed #Trump has 2 sign it.

Just look at his glow as he destroys the dreams of the dreamers! He's a PERFECT spokesman for RACIST REGIME! #DACA

…
No time2help ppl in Upstate NY, represent us. U continue2betray us. Help legal&law abiding citizens, don't reward breaking the law
ABUSE OF POWER by BOZO! All the crooks in our gov. support illegal laws! We The People are sick of it! 63+M
let them go home and come back the legal way
.@cathymcmorris where are you on this? You need to get out & fight for you constituents now. #SpokaneDems #WADems #DACA
yes
When do you EVER put your AMERICAN CITIZEN constituents first? Why do you coddle ILLEGALS? What is wrong with you?
Issues be to real for humans to solve divided
#DREAMAct does nothing to provide reparations or solutions to the initial problem that created #DACA. In other words, screw u Gillibrand!
Or... pass the RAISE act. If they really are as wonderful as you claim, they'd be the perfect candidates for full citizenship.
Correct. It is a Constitutionaly enumerated power of Congress to make laws pertaining to naturalization.  Get on it & fix it!
Congress needs to take control as the grownups in the room, and do as much as possible to take Trump out of the picture.
You should leave the president with no choice on this, just as you did with Russian sanctions.
Please be specific - and loud. What, exactly, are democrats doing in opposition to this horrendous act?
The Democrats are doing nothing but complaining and waiting for the next election loss.
Why do they deserve?
The dems need all the votes they can get!
Your voters are watching and more of them can read the writing on the wall. You are not good for USA future.
Let's see if you can get CIR done, Madam. No one else seems to be able to.
After tax reform and budget please.
Please join the #Dreamers at #TrumpTower  @SenGillibrand @SenSchumer @BilldeBlasio @NYGovCuomo @AGSchneiderman
So ICE can round them up like cattle
Brother s and I no path. I denounced usa Russian federation of states
THAT THEY DESERVE? please.... I would NEVER be OK w a path to citizenship!!NEVER! #MAGA
You and others in Congress failing to legislate immigration reform has got us here, and you have campaigned against amnesty in the past.
You believe Obama's EO protecting Dreamers was illegal?
Not before you fix our healthcare and taxes. We citizens deserve your attention first
They deserve nothing.
Follow the Laws of this Great Country.
Real easy 2 say. U don't get it these ppl couldn't follow "the Laws of this Great Country". They had no choice. U are embarrassment 2 US.
Haha corruption going down day by day  MAGA
Yes please
They have a path its right where the line of poor innocent families waiting to enter legally are being passed over by them! #EndDACAnow
Lol lol lol this is on the Dems! Illegal executive order nothing done by the the house or senate! Look in the mirror this is on you!
Congress needs to work together
Fight Kirsten, fight. Thank you.
They have a path its right where the line of poor innocent families waiting to enter legally are being passed over by them! #EndDACAnow
Correct On Dreamer can become U.S citizens. Politics usual it takes time. .
Yes.. thank you for speaking up, Senator...Dreamers are productive members of our society @gaudette_jenjen @Just_Rei @SALPolitica @KJencius
This is a sad day, our country is crying for the possible loss of these fine people & their contributions to this country..fix this congress
Amen.
They have a path its right where the line of poor innocent families waiting to enter legally are being passed over by them! #EndDACAnow
Maybe legal status for only the worthy But NEVER EVER CITIZENSHIP.
This is only possible thru civil disobedience. This is another MLK moment in America's history.
Then do it
Please support & pass DREAM Act
They have a path its right where the line of poor innocent families waiting to enter legally are being passed over by them! #EndDACAnow
One of the few elected officials actually talking about Congressional action instead of just hand-wringing. Thank you!
Yes please. Let's act on this. Appealing to @POTUS morals is futile because they are nonexistent. #DREAMAct
Don't blame Trump!
Really? He's the one that decided 2 end #DACA. He's the POTUS. He made the decision. No one else.
It's  Congress's responsibility to make immagration laws! O knew he had no right to over step ! Now congress can pass and all will be well
Do it!!
