Really? Now you want to work together to solve a problem you denied existed. You have been touting the greatness of ACA
Override Trump! Strong bipartisanship! The Dems & Reps can make him do what the people want! Who cares about his likes.
Define "the people"!
Senator, disclose your HC and subsidies under the ACA. It's unlike any body else's that is forced to buy an Obamacare Exchange Policy.
I really hope you team up with @SallyYates2020 to provide the decency and respect we need in 2020. #resist #revolt
Everyone needs affordable healthcare. Everyone.
So why do they need to be fined if they don't buy what they are told to buy?
You are simply repeating someone else's talking points. They don't have your welfare in mind at all. Think fresh thoughts.
Not true. My thoughts can be others too. Are you psychic?
If you aren't a zillionaire, you've been had.
And remove the fines on plans that cover those that have worked for what u call Cadillac plans,  like we shouldn't have them!
Thanks @SenGillibrand  for voting against #Medicaid cuts 
Like it's said #PowerInNumbers 

#WeWon  don't mess with the people 
Yeah let's keep working class people on Medicaid and let the middle class people foot the bill
Oh Kirsten.  Mattis was approved 99 to YOU and you wish to discuss working together in any regard?  You're a freakin riot.
Yes We Can
The best way is for government to relinquish it control and let the free market work. Healthcare is not a govt responsibility. #pjnet
Norway, Sweden, Finland, Netherlands, Denmark, Canada, Australia, Germany, Britain, France, Austria, Japan and many others say otherwise.
Then why do so many Canadians come to the us for health care
< 1/2 of 1% come here, & those are bc they are wealthy, so can afford US prices
The healthcare system in Britain is on it's knees financially. Canadians have extremely long wait list to get anything done.
And the NHS isn't failing bc it doesn't work; it's failing bc Tories are like Republicans, and they've purposely underfunded it to kill it
The ACA wasn't built to work or last. Anytime government touches something it breaks down. Can't you see that?
I can see just fine. You blame the whole govt, but that's not the whole problem.
Unless and until we get the insurance Lobby off our backs we will never have Affordable Health Care I say single-payer now!
Yeah but Obamacare is not affordable yet u Dems put ur heels in and refuse to repeal this crappy law
Solve this Problem Kirsten How does #McCain afford this house and benefits on his #Salary #WePay You #Senators are #Thieves
Single payer ???
I asked someone your probably know personally what it would cost to cover people who needed help. She said $100b a year. Doable
Single-payer now
Obuma, et al said thiscwas a great law, remember? Keep yr Dr, keep yr plan, $2500 savings. WHAT HAPPENED?
LIES!
It might just be easier to just win back a majority in congress. #dccc
She should've made a deal on #ObamaCare. After 2018 won't need #Democrats
Your on thin ice...people can see right through you....we'll see at election time
Yes, it is. But there is to much wrong with the ACA, repeal it and start over.  You can do it.
We need Medicare for all
It was possible in 2010, but then Dems had no interest as they had control. Bipartisanship should not be based on win/loss
Let's put @SenateDems and @SenateGOP on #Obamacare and let's see how fast they repeal this #Obamanation. #RepealObamacare
But not with this person in charge as president.
So far you have not offered one single solution. Only thing u have said r f bombs. What a negative role model you are!
Peter King4 Senator
Yes No ACA repeal. Just tweek it as it's working. Stop Trump Pence purposeful lies sabotage of ACA.
Dump all GOP Reps voting for ACA repeal

Yes as soon as we repeal Obamacare and give bailout money to insurance companies to states as block grants! Allow free market for success!
Not with this congress, not with these republicans
you're paying ins cos $8B to make up for ppl who can't pay high premiums. why don't you give VA $ & tell ins cos to stop jacking up premiums
Yeah. They should think of that first: working together; rather than ramming something down our throats
Thanks for the town halls around NY. I was in Queens today and glad to meet you and hear you speak. Pls speak about the ERA. Long overdue!
So now dems want to work with repubs?  Where was that when the ACA was passed?
When health care is a gov property trust me it's never pretty !!! As Montrealer's we have Medicare ,and we pay taxes through the roof !
As a proud Canadian we have to learn from you USA with respect to health care !!!
What happened to that ideology for the past 8 years?
The free market has worked to a degree to innovate treatment. As a payment structure it fails. Cost of US admin is 4 x Canada. Single pay.
Everyone needs and deserves basic, affordable care including mental health. It should not be a privilege. #togetherwecan #Equality
Ok have you ever needed mental health care we don't have any my dear
The only moral solution is #ImprovedMedicare4All 
SAY IT, support it co-sponsor #HR676
Yes we can
Thought forcing ACA on us was the best
What problems?  I thought Obamacare was manna from heaven; the answer to all our healthcare ills. Charlatan.
President Trump!..continue to piss off the media, libs, dems and sell out republicans!..that's how you make my day and MAGA!

Yeah, one is a Presidential Medal of Freedom, one is the Medal of Honor. Obama awarded 19.
Hint: The Government is the problem.
THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK NEED TO STICK TOGETHER AND VOTE OBSTRUCTIONIST DEMOCRATS OUT OBAMA CARE IS A DISASTER AND DEMOCRATS NO IT
You should run for president
I wholeheartedly agree. I think we need to think about how to create healthier lifestyles, empowering more people to cook their own health
Single payer now!
YOU want to "work together"... Mrs. Obstructionist??? Hahaha #liar
In Morgan Freeman voice at end of Shawshank: I hope. I hope.
What  we need is single payer healthcare like every other nation on the planet. Take the billionaire insurance executives out of our care!
What a great idea. Let's put our healthcare in the hands of unelected bureaucrats. Put those insurance executives out of their misery.
I'd rather set  to my hair than listen to such drivel, Kirstie. Who're ya kiddin'?
Do you mean Kirsten?  And what's wrong with working together to achieve something better?  Come on libtard!
Ironic you left out the "T" in "forget" like Trump left out the "T" in LGBT rights. You good though.
You created this mess in dead of night w no input. You want to work together. Ha! Ha! Look at Dem poll numbers w working Americans.
Yes we can, but that still does not solve the problem of a psychopath in the WH.
He's going to get us all killed. War. Pollution. Police brutality. Etc. That's his plan to resolve the healthcare issue.
Leave it to the States and get the federal government away from health care.
It's not possible so long as Congress is up to its armpits in Republicans.
Thank you, Senator.
Yes it is! Thank you for all your hard work!
..not even Ranked 
Now you want to work together.   Wow perhaps cause you don't really want the same care everyone else has been getting.
Yes we can
Men need to get out of the way.
Man hater?
Bot?
You really invited Emma Sulkowicz as your guest to a POTUS SOTU speech? Not smart.
Good luck with that. If anyone can do it, you can!
Maybe you should show how to compromise.  Stop voting no to everything and shake hands.  Play nice like children should.
just like the @GOP smoke and mirrors, eight on a long vacation and now we want to work together.
No. You wouldn't allow any republican assistance. It will implode and it will have your name on it. Actions have consequences.
Fix ACA
Are you admitting Ocare is a colossal failure?
Thank you Senator Gillibrand for continuing to work for all of us!!
When will we realize that GOP have no interest in solving problems for anyone but the rich? Last 6mos prove GOP won't operate in good faith
Biggest crock today! You just want publicity! Loser Dimms!
None of your other tweets indicate an interest in working with republicans, even when you're supposed to represent ALL of your constituents.
Thanks, Kersten. New York is lucky to have you.
By sinking billions into failing Obamacare? Our Country is 20 trillion in debt, what's the plan for that?
The #GhostOfTedKennedy needs to be consulted!He wuld cajole/threaten/admonish/rant &at the end of the Day he wuld Salute(toast) the process!
#publicoption will put insurance companies in their place and bring down the amount of welfare you are giving to these welfare KINGS.
SENATOR START ALLOVER USE ACA AS TEMPLATE; FIGURE OUT WHAT WENT WRONG! DISCARD THOSE AMENDMENT! THAN WRITE A GOOD BILL!
only if all of you R born again Christians or something. Both sides R too corrupt. This price gouging by ins. companies & pharma is UR fault
Until the fraud and overcharging by the hospitals and drug manufacturers is stopped healthcare will never be affordable, no one talks about.
Don't forget the lack of competition!
Correct
#MedicareForAll  thank you!

Have you taken insurance lobby $$$ ??? @SenGillibrand
This includes reproductive healthcare access. Please make sure the @dccc knows this.
Together w @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenDuckworth @SenFeinstein @SenDuckworth @KamalaHarris @clairecmc ALL WOMEN. SHOW HOW IT'S DONE!

Please do as this is what we expect from our congressional leaders
Are you running for president of America
we want medicare for all
Get a job!
I have a job, why are you angry
Are you running for president
#SinglePayerNow
Never happen! Government control !
Clutches pearls, "Bring the fainting couch."
Actually and factually it's the GOP who is causing problems with the ACA. They have been intentionally trying to call its failure.
Yeah, by them voting for it.
How can it NOT be affordable, you literally named it the Affordable Care Act
I hope u r right Senator ! I feel lucky to live in NY and have employee based health care ! I will never leave NYS!
Employers don't offer health insurance in other states?
Yes  they do but I m near retirement and I feel living in a blue state my senators will be better advocates!
What do you mean by "employee based healthcare"
I meant employer based ! I get my health benefits from my employer ! I make a fair contribution and I receive excellent health insurance
Same here. So why do we need ACA again?
Because of the people in this country who aren't as fortunate to have employer bases ins or wealthy enuf to pay privately
There are plenty of jobs that offer insurance no? Why not let individuals form groups to negotiate and end pre-existing conditions issue?
Words. Where are the ideas? I haven't heard one.
You've hear no ideas ever on this?
I have - but tired of the platitudes. Democrats need to turn defense to offense and start talking real policy. Not "we can make it better."
politicians have had 7 years to fix the mess known as obamacare and yet you all sat back and let it fail, now you call to work together
Yet another reason why you & Joe @RepJoeKennedy should run for President & VP. You two decide the order.
Single payer now!
U mean government control insurance! Foolish!
