Congress is threatening an Obama rule protecting access to care at #TitleX family planning providers: http://bit.ly/2njtOHK  #IStandwithPP
Great job -I am celebrating. Abortions  and the selling of baby parts is not something I want my tax money to go for!
I hope they choke on their next Viagra pills
This is so deeply upsetting I hardly have any words.
Thank you for being a voice of reason
There is so much under attack. Can the #dems do a special broadcast to reassure the majority of Americans there's a plan?
How did Senator Susan Collins vote on this issue?
that was because they were allowed to. Makes Murkowski and Collins look good and the party wins anyway. No kudos.
That's the VP's job.  Tie breaker.

And you're a Senator?  New York must be just flat out desperate.
Why do people vote then in?  This should be a huge campaign message.
Again you lie they don't want to fund abortions
PPH makes money off selling parts and you know it that is why they are fighting it so hard and suing the ones to busted the story.
@nwlc it's horrible. #IStandWithPP
Go for it, Pence. We, the women of this country, will NEVER forget what you did.
I don't support killing babies. If it were me I couldn't do it. But I don't think the govt should decide that for all (i.e. circumstances).
Thank Goodness he did, tired of paying taxes for PPH to give abortions here and in foreign countries
Weird, I'll bet his rule about not eating alone with women is completely unrelated to his misogyny and war on women
if this was health centers to help male erections there would be no debate or discussion
Republicans are no lawmakers--they are butchers of women and children.
The GOP is neither compassionate or empathic to other humans. They are a virus it seems.
Yeah if you call other ppl a virus and dehumanize them it justifies the violence you've committed against @realDonaldTrump supporters....
The violence I've committed. Are you on crack?  I see you've really payed attention.
Condoned then?  I'm sure the violence at Trump's san jose rally broke your heart, or the Berkeley riot.
You know me, right?  Babble on.
I know the left there smart guy; no principle, only will to power, like your 1984 friend O'Brien. Or do you not know how to read?
Got it all figured out, eh? What are doing wasting your time here? Go help the world Einstein.
Who says I'm not, dipshit? You should embrace the power of "and."
@SenGillibrand, seems you're still undecided abt Gorsuch. Please vote NO on his confirmation; he and Pence will dismantle women's rights
Keep up this rhetoric please! It just leads to you losing over and over! Ppl like you are the best thing that ever happened to Republicans!
They all hate women, big mommy issues. Hope they get the mental health care they desperately need, but cowards don't do well with therapy
Don't understand hatred for women.  Did someone cheat on them?  Did their moms not pay attention to them?  Female teacher give bad grade?
Senator, long time supporter here. Make sure to run ads showing how they're defunding important health services - and not just for women.
this is an assault on women! We need your voice now more than ever
@jopiazza I'm starting to think they're all closet gays since they are trying to kill off all the women.
What @ men's health centers?...Equality Senator..
Can you suggest ways that women can take action?
If Gorsuch is confirmed, he and Pence will eliminate rights for women fast. You aren't still undecided about him, are you?
Funny. They want to repeal Obamacare so people have choice. Guess that doesn't include women.
The VP will be President soon, and he wants Sharia Law translated to English to be the law of our land.
so the R's allowed a few of theirs to "vote their conscience" and still win the day.
how long until the impeachment proceedings begin? How long should we deal with this joke of a president and his flunkies?
@SenateDems they only cheat to win,that's the #GOP WAY,and when they do those things,still losers#Media
So upset-watching the vote I was so hopeful there would be a win for women's rights today. GOP and its hateful agenda will NOT win in 2018!!
Thank you for fighting for us @SenGillibrand I have no idea how you and @CecileRichards keep going.
he's disgusting. This entire dictatorship has to go
can't wait till you are voted out you are a herkoff like diblassio
Just explain to me why we have to support people that sell baby parts.  There are plenty other places women can go to.
Trump: #LOCKHIMUPANDTHROWAWAYTHEKEY
I'm a constituent and appreciate your vote on #TitleX. Please stay vocal every day about women's access to healthcare.
Are men's health centers still being funded?
What you actually mean is you want to fund the murder of innocent children. May God have mercy on America.
No words.
Just wait until next year! 2018! The year of the woman!
not amazing-revolting
Ironic, #NationalDoctorsDay and senate takes away women's right to health care.
thx u for standing up against this shameful display of hatred
So the folks who hate abortion are effectively going to increase the abortion rate(at historic low)by removing $s that fund birth control.
This is disgraceful! Another slap in the face for women by Republicans #IStandWithPP
.@SenGillibrand thanks for being my senator and for fighting and voting for all #NewYorkers
Did his wife come with him?  There are females in the chamber right?
@janda_keenan @nwlc Every time I hear libs talk about 'women's health' or 'reproductive rights' I mentally sub 'abortion'.
Exactly #resist
@nwlc You'd think next election people will remember and get rid of these people from congress
Thank you for standing with @PPact and the women in your state. Keep it up!
Shameful.
@SenateDems  independent Russian onvestigation to out Putin's puppets in GOP!!  They are TRAITORS!!
R U calling Planned Parenthood a women's health center? The same people harvesting full term babies to sell off Baby parts? #Hipocrisy #tcot
I guess we know where this is headed. And it's not going to be good.
What's next?  Criminal charges for women who don't have kids?
These men live pre-Enlightenmnt. #EqualProtection? War againt women. Sex-based discrimination determines state funding of medical clinics?
@gaughran444 I hear Pence is suggesting we provide women with free hangars
this is appalling, pls work with your colleagues to STOP this
Control!!  To control a population, you must first control women!!!
We are working tirelessly to protect American gametes from abuse and neglect.
Make America Chaste Again
so sad & pathetic that we're going backwards
He needs to have his wife with him when other women are involved.
thank you for supporting women and families
@nwlc we stand with you #StandWithPP
thank you for standing with women.
Why If women want to be equal do they require special drs? Do men get sub par drs?
more poor unwanted babies =ignorant followers
If PP doesn't engage in government funded abortions, how does it miss $'s it claims not to receive? Explain who's health abortion ="s.
What?
Thank you for your leadership! Every day there's another unbelievable and degrading proposal to keep women in 'their place!:
believable ReTHUGlicans actually have a war on women
.   Republican would probably have women in burka's if they could!
it’s almost as if it was never about abortion and only about repressing women’s healthcare access…
amazing how your abortion mills are all located in BLACK neighborhoods... #eugenics #margaretsamger
@SenateDems So tired of people with penises legislating for people with vaginas! 2018 is coming!
It's difficult to win against religious ideology that is based on oppressing women 
Yeah, Islam continues to gain ground against the West. We MUST defeat this barbarous scourge.  I'm glad we can agree.
@NARAL WAKE UP WOMEN (and men with any sense)! We must RESIST and vote these PECKERS OUT!
@DemocracyValues because of course. They think women are hosts. Basically we should refuse to breed for a year

How many of those 13,540 are affordable to low income individuals?
I am sick of the old boys club always trying to regulate women's health.
The carnage they've created this week is beyond comprehension. Women's health, environment, education,
republicans hate anyone not white male and fat.
@POTUS @FLOTUS Women's health with be taken care of just fine! NO FED $$ FOR ABORTION!
@nwlc MUST STOP THIS BILL FOR WOMEN's HEALTH!!  VITAL!
why do they hate women so much? they all need some serious therapy.
I would really love to see the answer to this question. Why, Why, Why???
@nwlc I've got your back, Sen Gillibrand. #IStandWithPP
 hell to pay...in so many ways
fails another segment of society just as she has failed #DelphiSalariedRetirees...only much more egregiously. UNBORN CHILDREN
Mind-boggling how much the GOP HATES women (yet sure likes to see them pregnant) @SenGillibrand @SenateDems
CONTROL
And yet, there were women who voted for Trump and his ilk. Albany takes pride in your efforts!
@VP Seriously, Pence. Why do you hate women so much you want us to literally die?
@SenateDems Nonsense!  I would argue these health centers discriminate against men.
Republicans have always been Criminals when it came to Constitutional Rights and defending the people.
Let's tell the American's the truth.  They are defunding Planned Parenthood.  The rest is covered under Obamacare
@john_chu For a guy afraid to have dinner with women, he sure doesn't mind poking his fingers in their business...
Collins and murkowski stand alone,despicable to see  assault on basic health care needs4women.will see an unhealthy America
.@SenGillibrand, @GOP is at war w/ women, LGBT community, people of color, immigrants. Are there enough rich white men to sustain them?
@SenateDems Does the health of in-utero females about to be torn apart via abortion at these "health centers" matter?
our country and human rights are not only be attacked by Russians...
@SenateDems Congress is attacking PP.
@SenateDems 
Forcing women to make healthcare decisions against their will is WRONG. What's next?
why do they hate women so much????  Don't any of them have daughters???  Misogynistic pigs.
A man who cannot trust himself to be alone in the room with a woman CANNOT be trusted to make decisions about women's health.
Despicable!!!
This can no longer be sold to the public as in the interest of women's health. This is an all out assault on women.
A woman nearly became president. Male politicians are flipping out!! Scared they'll be rendered obsolete I think
And they're even more scared of us since we mobilized for the #WomensMarch and have kept the momentum.
 Well, it was entertaining, I'll give you that. Nasty women! 
Wow! Again, why do average people vote for Republicans! They NEVER help the working people; only rich! #ShamefulRepublicans
VP needs to kill off all the women who aren't his wife because he might be tempted by them.
But then what about all the tempting men? Better kill anyone who seems gay too!!!
Well, yeah! Bisexuals, btw, aren't allowed to dine alone with ANYONE but their partner.
