and yet they want to force women to have babies they then fully abandon.
Force ? Cause you can’t afford a fifty cent condom   If you don’t have a job you get Medicaid which is better than my insurance
(2) Married coworker has good ins, had a baby with severe complications from birth.
That’s good mine is so expensive some were winners some were losers ACA not a solution that’s sustainable
Was never meant to be! Was supposed to start the conversation as a first step to getting people insurance instead of losing their homes!
And left a lot of people unable to afford insurance and neither party will do a damn thing
Agreed but ACA was supposed to be just a start to conversation! Not the end result! Healthcare should be a right! But not priority for U.S.!
They snuck ACA thru without even reAding it both sides suck
My child needs every bit of coverage - i have private insurance and the bills keep coming ! Help!
Middle class here my insurance is nuts but no subsidies 
We are in trouble! it is going to give insurance the run way to charge what they want when they want.
Aca never controlled costs
I getting sick of your hollier than thou replays - give us a list of what trumps done 2 ACA that makes health care better or more affordable
Exactly what we are looking for! We need affordable insurance I have a special needs child I have private ins therefore I need to keep it
Unfortunately the Republicans will not only give Ins. co’s the right 2 charge what ever they want but Medicare, Medicare & SS will B slashed
They already charge what they want ACA had no cost control not sure why you think that
What about my children who as a middle class person I can’t afford the six thousand dollar deductibles for ?
Themselves. Most cong. members think of only themselves. This is the only system we have, and it’s broken, &is in serious need of fixing
It’s unaffordable I’m in debt because of it
Most serve themselves then whoever pays with donation! Need to have govt funded elections limited to a few months! Then Congress can work!
Chief Boyce/Reznick chief of misogyny 1 credible Weinstein victim translates victims do not come forward! Racist Misogynist corrupt
Are senators Steph allowed to kidnap teenagers our senators staff allowed to kidnap teenagers sexually prey aka rape not get fired? O’Neill, Boyce Resign Pay to Rape DA Cy Resigb
James O’Neill, Reznick, Boyce protect Blue Wall of Corruption detectives violating protocol w/ supervisors preventing Victims from reporting crimes I have audios, video , DD5s NYPD IA proof crimes
Any congressmen who go along with trumps dumb plan cares nothing for the poor or middle-class it does not matter if u are a Dem or Repub.
Republican's are serving Trump & themselves that's a given. Look at their voes & cruel brutal inhumane legilation HC & let CHIP exp??
https://twitter.com/ElliotCBoose74/status/924969562910707714 … I emailed this to you this morning also.
https://tmblr.co/Z9YDTn2RUfl3s 
trumps administration is going down in history as the worst in american history known for hurting the weakest americans only.
So many members of Congress are not working for the people. Thank you for fulfilling your duties to the people!!

I'd say the rich
Your high income tax state can’t take care of children. 
I live in a zero income tax state & we take care of children
You’re the problem
Simplistic nastiness doesnt help.  Children in USA deprived of Health care is on all of us.  At least on all who have a conscience.
Not nasty stating fact. NV collects indigent health care fee on my property tax bill. If your state can’t prioritize then vote Dems out.
You live in a country.  Your own health care, education, environment are only protected by Dems.  FOX propaganda to the contrary, of course.
Repubs callously rushing to remove free education, health care, environmental protections. These are facts, tho not found on FOXBreitbart.
Where is any of that in the US Constitution? You may be in the wrong country. Has that ever occurred to you?
Taxpayers, that’s who. Besides, health ins is not the same as health care if you can’t afford premiums, deductibles and copays.
If I have no money to spare, I can't support your side.
This speaks poorly of our social contract. We are a harsh country.
agree
http://youtu.be/_VXAGw6FMOE  hottest under the sun @RocNation @DefJamRecords @Interscope @CTEWorld
The Constitution, not feel-good emotional BS. Show me in the Constitution where healthcare or insurance is a right.
How about the preamble, "promote the general welfare"? Your welfare and mine are not worth much without the "well".
Kochs and Mercers. 
#UniteBlue2018
#ResistFascism
All trump police's are to help rich only all trump's got for the middle-class and poor is lot more lies like the ones he's been telling us!!
They are servicing themselves and dont care about kids if they truly cared no kid would be without health  care trump is a pure lier .
hello
Paul Ryan can not do anything for anyone else they are rich He only works for the 1 precent
Boy that's the truth
Senator you take note to the health care field, I take note to the creative thinking model. The Fourth Industrial Revolution demand them.
Then why didn't you back @SenSanders when he was running with his platform of #MedicareForAll  Stop trying to convince us you care.
They're delusional and obviously don't care about the vulnerable
The donor class.  Not citizens!
Complete hypocrite, you use the term "vulnerable children" at your own political discretion, as if unborn children aren't "vulnerable", sad.

“Under Trump, Made in America Is Losing Out to #RussianSteel” #Keystone https://twitter.com/crewcrew/status/923354774245961729 …
I wonder who your serving when you push the vote to kill babies. And your worried about children?  Hypocrites!
This would serve America Well to have this movie Redone TODAY! Individualism Vs Parasites!
I'm already paying a 9.23 % surcharge on my my medical bills.  How much more blood do u want from this rock senator?
NYDN gives Rape Victim Cy Vance helped press but covers up email 2012 to NYDN Cy Vance NYPD blow off Rape victims 
http://cyvanceonetermda.blogspot.com/2017/10/2012-joanna-molloy-nydn-and-me-sent.html …
Thank you, and please help our kids enjoy better healthcare in NY by fighting the IDC. Why? Let Edie Falco explain.
IDC=Republicans in Democrats' clothes, turn NY Senate from blue to red. Learn to fight this outrage. Watch & share! https://www.thecreativeresistance.us/noidc  
Layoff the drugs. We’re moving out of NY because you and the other clowns! BYE. TRUMP. MAGA.
Ive been researching!
FYI - the people running the #WomensConvention haven't said a word about CHIP.
Anyone else find it troubling @womensmarch hasn't tweeted once re: #CHIP? 

#BoycottWomensConvention 
If you had 100 to pay would you rather pay the doc or send  it to Fed, state & insurance company to each take a piece before paying doc
#HowDoYouExplain the
#MassiveIncrease in
#CongressionalDebtAbuse
#SinceYouGotThere ?
Because they support @POTUS 's efforts to let Obamacare die! @SenateGOP need to ask the people have in their own healthcare!
The people who paid for your campaign?
You are serving yourself,  Congressman.
Good question.

This one’s easy! The Koch brothers.
Dammit, forgot about the Mercers. More complicated than originally thought.
If you're not willing to renew health ins for vunerable children you certainly don't have the right to call yourself pro-life.
The Gun Lobby, I guess?
Seems like that whole “family values” and “protecting children” was a lie to get votes
Why the 1% of course!
Who are you serving? You've turned your back on thousands of your retired constituents! https://www.delphisalariedretirees.org/delphi/ 
Certainly not the poorest Americans!
"Good one, Kirsten!  Washingon Post next, please."
Lucifer
Satan is a pretty good guess.

Come on Senator we all know EXACTLY who Republicans in congress represent and it's NOT vulnerable children
Great Point
Dems desperately need to win back Congress and secure more impeachment votes. Every Dem needs to campaign for @GOP opponents to flip seats.
Answer: Themselves and their sponsors. Koch Brothers et al
They're serving their God, Satan. Just make sure they don't persuade u 2 be evil.
Nothin tht will affect the poor&needy will pass. My prayers are stronger than any man,bc of my God. No need 2 worry
We need to start loudly addressing the @GOP's many failures so that they are solidly ingrained in voters minds in 2018
Billionaires
The should get free health care.  No need for insurance.  When politicians get that through their heads we'll all be better off.
The billionaires. You should know this.
the rich cats if health insurance rather than our children , priorities?
They are serving the Koch brothers, Adelson, Trump and Co!.
themselves and their pockets/wallets
Stop lobby abuse w/in hcsystem & could pay for 100% prevention 4 all kids; caveat, if administered responsibly by slowing flow to hospitals!
Themselves.
Themselves.
Satan?
They’re serving the history books. People only want to take a stand when there’s a camera following them around.
That’s a Loaded Question for the G(Government) Of P(Putin)
If you're a member of congress and you vote to cut Medicaid by 1 trillion and Medicare by 500 billion, who are you serving?
Satan
Come on, they are the same folks who would not enact reasonable gun laws after 20 kids were slaughtered. They serve only their interests.
Top 1%.
Kochs and Mercers. Hey, why aren’t these turd$ on teevee answering some questions? They run the govt, ppl have every right to question ‘em!
Thank you for continuing to speak about this. I hope the program will be funded soon.
The Alt-Right, Russia, and Breitbart.

And how do they show up for church on Sundays?
#TrumpRussia
Dancin' with the ones that bought them.
The over taxation of the middle class for your ignorance of economics! !!
I agree!!!
Perhaps their alien overlord masters? Wouldn't put it past them/
I promise you this there is a special kind of hell waiting for them (GOP). No heart no soul. Greed theft RACIST that's their specialty
The problem with GOP is they don't see themselves as public servants. They don't want to help the people. THEY WANT TO HELP THEMSELVES!
I am angry at what tRUMP and GOP has done to our BEAUTIFUL country. I cry every damn day! DEM get you sh*t together. BS is not a Democrat!
BS that should say it all.He is a cancer that is going to destroy our party.Something about him I don't trust. Trump & Sanders 1 in the same
Genuine question: why only vulnerable children? Why does the US not take the view that children in general should get coverage regardless?
Apologies if they do and I've misunderstood.
Oo! To get even more tax cuts, subsidies and loopholes for you and your pals and generally bleed the country! Oh. Sorry. That was rhetorical
dont worry about our healthcare miss.. Jesus will save us (sarcasm)
The Koch Bros...
Satin
#Beelzebub #thedarklord #trumpybear @GOP
Good question.
Repubs serve their donors and corps. They haven't served the people in decades.
@EllenDatlow pretty much only the 1%
And who are you kidding with blatant nonsense about "health care reform" when that takes away basic protections put in place by the #ACA?
Senator, you know the score. They are serving who they really serve: their donors. Very few actually want to serve the people.
Yes, @BarbaraComstock, who are you representing? Because it sounds like VA’s children are SOL with you at the helm.
Their masters
Their corporate overlords but of course. That doesn’t change ever now.
gracias por recordarmelo
Thank you Kirsten. Continue to take  these arrogant out if touch people to task.
Please remind the Republican pro-lifers - life does not end at birth ...
Thank you for your hard work on these issues!
U R SERVING A SARATOGA COUNTY WELL FED STOCKADE "WILD TURKEY" SHOT BY DOUBLE BARREL 20 GAUGE GILLY!
WHO PAYS FOR CONGRESS'S HEALTH CARE!??
themselves. Obviously.
 you:)
The rich.
When I was a kid, and when I raised my kids, we used a system where the parents just insured. Pretty sure that still works.
These people have forgotten how to serve but the can sure dish it out!
The #KochBrothers. The biggest mistake #Gates & #Buffet make is trying to help through charity. They could do more if they bought elections.
And who are they as human beings if they have no concern for people's health?
Putin and his puppet
1/ The biggest winners of Citizens United, Charles & David Koch 2/ The Mercers have emerged as big power brokers in Trump’s Washington.
I you are a member of the United States Congress and feels as though you are designed to fight against health care for human you are evil
They are serving their corporate sociopathic puppet masters, I think that's obvious. Do you really need THAT explained to you Gillibrand?
You have a chance to work with other Senators to fix the mess, it’s your problem if you don’t work with other’s to fix it
Wealthy campaign donors. Their money is prioritized over votes.
Themselves
Obviously they are not serving to your corrupt agenda. You're such a phony.
Their pockets
It's "for the children" doesn't work anymore. Get knew material already. GEESH!
The devil!
The Koch brothers and Mercer.
They think that they are safe because kids can't vote. But they are also just dumb enough to forget those kids have parents that can.

Thank you!
Well half of you are serving the Donor Class of the 1%.
GREED!!
Congress should give up their own health insurance.
Satan
Please allow Swift & IBAN money transfer for #GIBill use.I have messaged you on multiple platforms over 80 times & never received a response
THEMSELVES. #REDISTRICTING PUT THEM THERE! When we take back Congress, fix districts FIRST AND FOREMOST!
Their natural constituencies the monies crowd.
The GOP is not representing anyone but themselves. Only themselves and noone else.
The 1% and that’s all
The rich and powerful #sad
2018 GOP will be out. Unless Russia helps them again.
Satan! 
Thank you #SenGillibrand
Answer: oligarchs
Charles and David Koch
koch? mercers? billionaires? not MOST us citizens
Donors.
Wealthy donors to whom they bow.
@SteveDaines serves 45 and Putin. He's made this very clear.  #nodaines2020 #complicit
Exactly, the research is clear on the positive results for health and dental care on their future lives as productive citizens.
Embryos that are not equivalent to living, breathing children.
You know who they’re serving. Same people you serve. What do you want us to do? You’re the lawmaker. Do something!
Their patronage masters who have corrupted them - now own them completely it seems evident 
Ms Gillibrand I've been a NYC educator since 1990. Please consider running for higher office. Count me in for your team in Staten Island. AK
Rich greedy assholes duh!
Rich evil donors?
The NRA, big oil, big religion, and other special interests that pay them to stay in office and sabotage the country for profits.
They are serving big donors only...the republic has been hijacked
Greedy people. I feel like you're just asking easy questions so we'll feel smart
Sadly it is a proven fact that there are NO consequences to their votes in this arena. Voter apathy and ignorance proves this over and over
Answer:  Trump/Putin
#TrumpRussia
This is who they serve America is wide awake
They are generally self-serving.

Many of your fellow Dems know the answer to that, Senator! The Cowards of Congress are serving themselves, corporations, and the very rich!
I wonder where the GOP will go with all there payoffs once they have destroyed America
Then...we need your as*out of there, and we will band together to vote them out.
I know that was a rhetorical question. The Republican party of today is cruel and works for the rich.-
There is a GOD watching !!!!!
probably the same you serve- yourself
*Whom are you serving
In every sense it's Self-service 
@SenJoniErnst, @ChuckGrassley, @RepRodBlum, get to work.
#Gillibrand2020
Very well put! Thank you, Senator Gillibrand.
Easy. Themselves.
You all serve yourselves and your donors! You do NOT represent or serve me.
The #kochbrothers, the Waltons, the @NRA and the 1%,
