And you know shameful
Stick up for us, Sen Gillibrand.
I appreciate the Great work you're doing,but this is beyond shameful!It might be deadly.He must be stopped at all costs!Nationwide protests?
Purposely sabotaging the law of the land constitutes a violation of the oath of office, as does advocating a government shutdown
U are an elected leader, remember? R u trying 2 help people? Ur team harmed thousands of WNY families by stealing their Delphi pensions.
Yes Senator.  Trumps wish sabotage Obamacare is shameful.  @RepAndyBiggsAZ
Obama Care helped nobody. Why don't you talk to your constituents?
pleasr stop perpetuating the obamacare lies. Im in healthcare And speak from great experience
Obamacare is a crime against humanity. Take it out back and put it down!
They want it to fail at all cost. This isn't about healthcare as I'm sure you know. They need the money for tax breaks for the rich!
It has failed sir why would you want to continue to put money into something that has already failed and will continue to fail wake up
It's only failing because the current admin has sabotaged it. It was in no death spiral.
He acts like he won the election in a landslide, not in a tight race where he LOST the popular vote. His budget does not share that reality
Obama care is a disaster. The sooner it is destroyed,  the better. If you want healthcare get off your ass and earn it
Vote DEms out
Two senators from ny with one common thought: attack trump. Start supporting ny infrastructure. Pave roads fix bridges help not complain
Crimes against the people!
...and the kamikaze pilot bombs another target on the way to his fiery crash.
We the people, who ultimately pay the bills, are entitled to the exact same health care that Congress gets.
GOP LEADERS Don't GIVE A f*** About anyone period!!# inbothcongress !! R $ M
I totally agree with you
There is only 3 things feds are responsible, security, infrastructure and commerce. Pass law to allow cross state insurance purchases.
Typical of Trump he is making America grate again
You haven't even seen the bill
OMG are you and Nancy Pelosi lovers? Or is it your such a sore loser that you can't be big enough to work for all American Citizens, shame
Obamacare is not stable as it is.  It WILL fail  on it's own weight.
He's a force 4 evil. Period.
Please do what you can to call for a SELECT COMMITTEE to investigate Trump collusion.  Thank you!
T Price is he still under investigation for trading? Little tiny looser!
why are we ending something that helps so many. Affordable coverage through #ACA.  Big mistake, huge consequences.
A disgusting move by a disgusting man..
Anything to give fat cats more money
We already know he doesn't care about the American people.
Go to sleep, princess!
They are destabilizing it by constant threats of repeal. Insurers cannot invest stockholder money in politically affected markets.
Gillibrand you are not a missionary, not priest, not running a church here, stop with this silly woman approach to using gov. funds charity
When will people realize that Trump's number one priority always has been and always will be Trump?
This man is a disgrace.
Obamacare is falling apart on its own as you passed a terrible bill! Political greed is ruining America!
Make it very clear to the GOP and the American people that Democrats intend to pursue #MedicareForAll . Great policy , great politics.
Whatever candidate takes the lead on this policy in 2020 will be the front runner.
#MedicareforAll
So stop complaining constantly and draft some good legislation. Solve problems don't perpetuate then.
We are well beyond shame. Time to strategize to defeat ppl who would do such harm.
Did u verify this information as actual fact Kirsten or are you relying on the reporters information, why dont you actually speak to @POTUS
Obamacare has imploded on its own weight and poor design
You need to look in the mirror when you make that statement.
Impeachable. Act of sabotage bordering on act of war. Sue, call him out, stop him. Pass a law requiring admin spend the money.
This seems criminal to me. Murderer! He can't go down hard enough or fast enough for me.
And where was your uproar when millions of Americans (who had affordable health care) lost their health care provider AND doctors. Obamacare
Of course it's shameful. Potus approves it.
Win at any cost
You had 8 years and did nothing! Pretty much the same thing you're doing now!
20 trillion in debt. Can you make hard choices Senator? What's your plan? Besides constantly bashing all things Trump.
This bigot wants to undo anything President Obama did. Shameless 45
That's his only achievements: rolling back president Obama's achievements. He'll probably target Cuba next.
The #RealityTVPrez is psychotically jealous of Obama. Incompetent, unbelievably petty, profoundly incurious, he is taking America hostage.
@20indicia @politico He needs to take care of himself from his own derangement mate.
It's past time for Dems to connect
with Reps who care about their constituents more than their party and start strategizing.

Everything he does & says is shameful!
trump only cares about trump. HE LUES!!
Sorry Senator, it's now about winning and nothing else.  I appreciate all you do.
Thank you.  You are exactly right.  
Spreading fear instead of truth harms Americans. You'll be complicit to sedition soon if you keep this up. Step away from party agendas.
Wait a minute. What did Trump, McConnell do for the last 8 years? Oh, you think that does not count.? What do you think Trump is doing by
Threatening to shut the gov. Down, by threatening to blow up ACA?

When do you understand that ObamaCare has failed? I know your bigger goal is single payer but not happening
Get executive compensation under control
@askUHC 
@Cigna 
@Aetna
Nice try. Obamacare was dead man walking long before trump entered politics. There is nothing u can do to stabilize or need to de-stabilize.
Sadly, I suspect for far too many elected leaders helping people is probably at most 5 or 6 on the list of priorities.
Do you believe everything Politico has to say without verifying? Sad excuse for a Senator.
@LindaBerghoff A.......Allegation.
Slight correction, Senator. This will KILL Americans.
whattaya expect from someone like THIS ?!?!
No doubt this @realDonaldTrump position in part because he does not understand it fully, does not care, & banks on the same of his support.
Excellent!
Trump and his corgi..
Then hammer the Republicans with this all day every day until Election Day 2018.
He wants to make sure it will make Obama look bad so he can say 'I told you so'
Anything in the name of partisan politics. They'd burn this country to the ground if it meant they'd "win" something. Dems, too.
No surprise though. He cares for no one but himself.
@SenGillibrand
