They should be melted down and turned into benches for contemplation.
During the revolutionary war, the "rebels" tore down the statue of King George and made musketballs. History factoid
Ww WANT DEMOCRATIC Klan Leader, Robert Byrd's, name be taken off all Federal & State Buildings, roads, projects!
For a large part of our population they are rightfully seen as the symbol of their oppressors. They are not history but a symbol of hate 1/
We all cheered when Berlin wall or Lenin statues were destroyed. We should acknowledge those statue have no place in our modern society 2/2
Are you going push for the removal of all mention of Robert Byrd a KKK member
Nobody ever answers that, they're hypocrites

#cnn #msnbc #foxnews #maga #DEMEXIT
I don't understand how the losers get statues.
They are gone so don't bother asking
Not all of them. There is a reason why the people who lost a war were granted statues. This is usually for heroes and winners.
Every day Amer. r worried about taxes, HC, and jobs, as u should be working to reform.
I used to follow you Sen Gillibrand, but now I see you are just another band wagon Democrat!  "People are people so why should it be......."
The Socalsts demcrats will spend 100s MILLIONS $$ removing CvWar Statues Yet Leave AfricanAmercns LIVINGinSLUMS ACROSS AMERICA #Hypcrts
We do not need to memorialize traitors who sought to destroy this country.
That's your opinion they have been in place for years WHO is changing history and culture sneaking behind our backs? No one should do this
and you my dear should not be sitting in the US Senate! What exactly have you done?
What a fake, phony, fraud.
Tobin shut up....did anyone ever think this before Trump?
Once again remove history. If they erased history in the 100th day of the world would we know any better? Why waste money restoring history?
You don't hide your history. You don't rewrite it to your liking. Sit down and shut up.
#Charolettesville Shermans March is NOT OVER. ANTIFASCIST want to win Civil War again on the South.  To humiliate, demoralize and control

How hard is it to move statues to the appropriate places for edu... Civil War Battlfields are ALL over this country to remember not worship
FYI Germany has no memorials for Hitler 'remembering the old days' they have memorials for those who were persecuted and/or killed by Nazi's
There is NO comparison between Hitler and our civil war.  Read the history of the reason the war started.  It had nothing to do with slavery

You do realize that Congress bestowed "US Veteran" status on these men? They were not political leaders. They were American soldiers
They r traitors that killed Americans. Where do u people live? The US of Amnesia? Open a book/visit a museum. Loser participation trophies.
I see You've been checking which way you THINK the wind is blowing? Are you courting the violent democrat vote?
Funny. She never thought this before.
It hasn't bothered for years, why now Kirsten????
Let us remove all pictures of Bill Clinton
What abt the statue of communist Lenin in Seattl WA. U ok with that?Or street in lower Manhattan named after Sam Dickstein? Or Medgar Evers?
Who died and left you the Boss???
They are history and should be left alone. Egypt refuses to take down their slave built pyramids or statues, where does it end?
Absolutely true!
Demcrats nxt plan to digup graves of American Confederate Soldiers & feed their bones to http://dogs.civilwar.org  CtznInput MMs@CW150 USPKSER
Why didn't you have this righteous indignation when Obama was president? Hmmm.. want to link Trump to confederate past. See through it!!
Where is this going to end? Removing Lee's statue from his grave? Burn  books that contain accounts of  the Confederacy?
@SenGillibrand
Who are you to say what art means to the Observer? What happened to artists expressing themselves even if it offends? Nazi indeed!
This issue is not about statues but racism and anti-Semitism. We cannot be diverted from the real problem.
What a dopey senator.
what were you and Barack doing for Eight years if these were so offensive?
She was doing whatever she was told to by the Democratic Party, like a good dog.
FOOLISH TO THE CORE
You do not own history! Put on a ballot then! And you have know clue about history, you progressive idealogue
Just as US Sec State rewrites culture heritage of Iraq
History unlearned if removed. How many alts never knew what a Nazi was?
DUMP Trump
So you would rather ignore our history?
Let's put them next to the Benedict Arnold statues, ok?  Oh!  SMH!  There are NO Benedict Arnold statues.  He, like Lee, et al, are traitors
Hey Senator Potty Mouth. Thanks for weighing in on the statues commemorating history. Crazy that you had no problem w/them until this week.
So you would sweep our history under the rug? The Civil War was not started over slavery but the south wanting their own governing body
Taking them down is stupid. They are part of our history, either you like it or not. C'mon people!
No matter what you say the confederacy is part of our history. History will never go away nor should it.
Thank you Senator!
You shouldn't be sitting in our senate however you are! Can we erase you?
#WhenYouFeelGood
#WhenYouCensorArt
#WhatComesNext ?

#FirstTheyCameForTheStatues
Washington DC should be renamed because George Washington owned slaves.
You cannot rewrite history and the statues are not uplifting and celebrated, but a reminder of our history.
Yes they should.
Those who do not learn history are doomed to repeat it
Nor should anti-Semitic Senators keep their seats.
Mobs and politicians pandering to special interests shouldn't arbitrarily remove statues either. What's next statue of MLK?
You are supporting the whitewashing of history. Please Read: https://misblitz1.wordpress.com/2017/08/16/historical-whitewash/ …
Is this something you have always felt?  Why haven't you done anything or mentioned it until now!?  I jump onboard anything for liberal vote
you know Democratic Party defended slavery, started Civil War, founded KKK, and fought against every major civil rights act in U.S. history
They should be placed in history museums. Teaching future generations about the mistakes America has made, lessons not to be forgotten
Keep grandstanding...you're doing great!! LOL
No you aint @sengillibrand! Potus is a leader and still winning @POTUS
Thank you Senator. Impeach Trump now
Agreed and what is congress going to do about it?
I would think we could teach our kids the +. How far we have walked away from that. We can't let this last wkend make us irrational/extreme
Despite the evil of that time, those men were Americans and someone's ancestors. Don't disrespect that. We nd to remember so we don't goback
They shouldn't be erased either. We hv to accept the past and move fwd. build a confederate museum like the holocaust museum.
Put them in museums?
Moved from midwest to south in 3rd grade in 1968. Trying to figure out what I saw and what I was learning was crazy.
You had no problem with them until today? Pander much?
Tear them all down.
Are you calling for anything with Byrd on need be removed from West Virginia highways? Or does this Dem get a pass too?
Is there anyone righteous enough to truly deserve a statue.  I'm sure leftists will find a big enough victim in due time.
Germany has no memorials for Hitler they have memorials for those persecute and/or killed by Nazi's. Statues are for the glory Jim Crow hate
Yeah, but Lee didn't kill slaves.  The comparison doesn't fit well.
Troll There is this really exceptional history of Lee on PBS you should watch. It isn't a comparison between that was then and what he did.
Who the hell else puts statues up to the LOSERS???
Glad you will not be on a pedestal
It was remembering those that fought as veterans of the Civil War that tore our country apart
Can you introduce a bill to remove all confederate statues from the Capital?
Ur  a piece of sh*t U Dam well UR saying that only for the Vote. Because if you really cared you would give the poor blacks great Education
What actions will you take against our racist in chief in the WH? #impeachOrBeComplicit
Brilliant senator. Did you suddenly wake up and go. "Oh no! We have confederate statues! They must go."
are you going to allow haters to dig up graves of confederate soldiers as well? those statues serve as a reminder not to repeat the past!
I don't see it that way. It's a reminder of our in deferences and how we can overcome hatred diversity. By removal he is forgotten/ paroled
FYI Germany has no memorials for Hitler 'remembering the old days' they have memorials for those who were persecute and/or killed by Nazi's
http://www.lifenews.com/2015/08/27/black-pastors-demand-smithsonian-remove-statue-of-planned-parenthood-founder-margaret-sanger/ …
@LiveAction
Keep fighting this maniac. Glad you are my senator.
Democratic Senator Robert Byrd was a KKK member, are you going to take his statue down?
It's history not civil issue or class. History. Can not revisionist it
Their History might belong in museums but not on government property.  They tried to take down the union.
Oh shit lady u stink!! Stop trying to destroy our history!
Another divisive tweet from a snowflake unAmerican
Would you prefer Marylander John Wilkes Booth, or WVa Demo "KKK Byrd", or the Southern DEMOCRATS that fomented racism & white supremacy?
They were against the Union and for slavery. They should have been considered enemies of the state instead of building monuments to them.
Interesting that most confederate monuments were reacted during the civil rights era. They were meant as an affront to minority struggles.
"Both sides are to blame"- favorite quote of the year. #Trump #Trump2020 #Charlotteville #NAZiTRUMP
What about statues honoring the bigot racist #RobertByrd, oldest former Senator of #WestVirginia and #DEMOCRAT #KKK member?
You can't change history...unfortunately it is part of ours.  You are obviously too dense to figure this out.
Statues celebrating woodrow wilson , robert byrd, and any other kkk members need to be removed. Their names and images should all be gone!
Is this your shit?!?! 
Great talking point well get to that but first. Do your duty and make the choice #impeachOrBeComplicit with trumps nazism.
They lost that war. They should get over it. 
Maybe we should start tearing down Martin Luther King statues because he was against Gay marriage. The left has lost it's mind
My ancestors your ancestors that's the problem today .don't respect history . scholars should be outraged where is the sanity with that
Confederate statues are just participation trophies anyway. #NazisInTheWhiteHouse
Jefferson was a slave-owner, yet there is a grand memorial in DC for him; erasing history doesn't change history. Focus on the future.
https://twitter.com/theshrillest/status/897468958994870273 …
what goes in their places to tell the HISTORY?, we all know the Democratic Party wants their History/involvement with the KKK TO GO AWAY
Too bad the Repub Party has now adopted the KKK and the KKK has adopted the Repub Party.  So what's actually your point?
Would anyone want to erect a statue of Osama Bin Laden at Ground Zero as an historic reference? As a hero to terrorism? People r whacked!!
Extreme participation trophies for self servitives crying about safeplaces being taken away!
I would like George Washington remove from the US currency because he own slaves
Neither should Idols to Martin Luther King and the like.  You are a hypocrite.
Whatever happens to them,  I hope pigeons can still poop on them.
https://twitter.com/theshrillest/status/897468958994870273 …
The fact is that we now live in a state of perpetual warfare, we're facing a tremendous debt burden, the fed keeps printing more $$...
Were they sitting on pedestals during the Obama administration ?
Being from New York I don't think it's really any of your business what the South does is it?
I am sure that the people of the South enjoy a New Yorker telling them how to run there States.

They were traitors.  Traitors that caused almost a million lost lives should not be honored.
Neither should marxist.
What did u do the last 8 years when they were up I'll wait
https://twitter.com/theshrillest/status/897468958994870273 …
Neither should Jefferson Beauregard Sessions be given a free hand to turn the Justice Department into a confederate monument. VRA.
Emphasising his middle name is the rhetorical equivalent of someone on the right emphasising President Obama's.
The attorney general of the United States is a segregationist named for two confederate fighters, that bears repeating. and "the third"
and what is that going to solve? stupity even from politicans.
Go for it Kirsten!!!
But democrats should?  How is the air up there?
They are too definitive. Time to take them down and put them away.
They are literally traitors and losers.
That's not even the confederate flag it's the Virginia battlefield flag which signifies valor for some southern.
...still a flag of traitors no matter how "valiant" they were.
For lee and southerners, he was faced w momentous choice at the start of the war, he was a Virginia patriot rather than American nationalist
Thanks for continuing to RESIST
Get struck by lighting?
My Senator...always right on.
Thank you Kirsten for voting against every Trump Cabinet nominee.
This method would work well.
It might take a work crew or a mob to take a statue down, but it only takes one person about ten minutes to epoxy a dildo to one.
so just destroy them and erase our history. Don't learn from it?
Send them to history books and the Smithsonian
They won't do that. They want everything destroyed.
I see no problem with commemorating it. Our children need to learn and be reminded. Celebrating it is another thing. NO.
Learn from history books or monuments to heroes. Don't glorify with statues of traitors.
Ok, AND.....
But Kristen shouldn't people go about removing them through th  means of the law-- like idk going to city council ??
