Speak out for what? Fight what battle? At some point in time you have to be an adult and stop being a spoiled child.
Exactly what strikes you as "spoiled child" behavior? 
Perhaps you shouldn't stalk the Senator if you can;t handle the truth.
She is my Senator and you call asking her questions "stalking"? Typical Lib. Answer the questions Senator.
Typical troll
Trolling for Libs and always catch my limit. When a Lib has no coherent point they resort to name calling. Thanks for playing
YOU called an esteemed senator a "spoiled child" for no reason except that you are a whiny worthless troll. You're dismissed.
Stop pissing in the wind doing things like stonewalling a Supreme Court judge appointment that you can't stop. You act like children.
Aren't you supposed to be licking your picture of the pussy grabbing orange thing?
There it is... whining, sexism, and hypocrisy that gets you nowhere.
There it is. Abusive boy can't take someone calling him out. You're all the same that way, from Donald down.
MARCH out. Peacefully & strategically, not merely symbolically.
I have to admit, I'm weary...
Why did you waste time filibustering #Gorsuch? Putting on a show for angry Dems? Remember you also represent Republicans.
Because there already was a legitimate nominee for the open position and REPUBLICANS #Fillibustered the whole time citing imaginary rules
Rules were made by dems. Harry Reid actually. #homework
.@SenGillibrand what's a good way for an NY voter with progressive reps like you to participate effectively against this admin / majority?
Reach out to @swingleft and find your nearest swing district.
Keep reminding us
Thanks. I have wanted to throw in the towel 100s of times since Nov 8, but I need to keep telling myself that.
What are you talking about?
Have no clue what you are referring to. Context, please?
its bullshit. Its not going anywhere. They are stalling us to bide time for something. All these agencies and nothing yet? Come one
I bet you're glad folks didn't treat you like you treat him. What makes you think we wanted you?  Represent us, not yourself. Do right.
What is going on with tweeted foreign policy? Congress has a duty to reign this in. Do something!!!!
I admire your efforts especially for my daughter who will be off to college next year.  You are a great role model.  Thank you!!!
Thank you! If we are weary, I can only begin to imagine how you feel!
We have your back, Senator.  Progressives will speak very loudly next year!
#Resist
#TheResistance
So announce already.
Not now not ever! Jesus is King and Trump is #POTUS!!!  Start supporting the American People, NOT your own agenda!
Would you stop.
How about you help New Yorkers first instead of the whole country?
Unite DNC to help seniors & disabled with Social Security. No increase for 3 years! @AARP #Medicare #HELP #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Who or what are we battling exactly?
Agreed, but sometimed it's hard to know what issue to work on or call to make....
Which battle? There are so many :( thanks for your leadership @SenGillibrand
Senator, this was JUST what I needed today!

I'm having to #resist @ work; lots at stake. But I'll stick up for what's right.
Can you, Aunt Maxine, Amy K, and a few others take to the road? I think it'd be great to rally the base.
Thank you Kirsten!!!!
I'm 52. I lost my lifelong belief in progress this election. Our democracy failed.
did you support Trump and his strike on Syria?
Trying but discouraged
Heather Mac Donald was denied her constitutional right of free speech. You care about speech then publicly denounce the group who denied her
Schumer was indebted to your crooked political family, thus the reason you are even in the position to preach your radical ideas.
Yes your right..as a constituent of yours, we are in a battle. There are more like me and only one of you. Can't wait to vote your ass out!
Please do. Now is more imp than ever. We warn russia to tell syria before we bomb them with $ enough to fix flint MI. Another smart trump.
Funny that you say that because I find myself, a Dem, fighting against your flaming liberal agenda. So thanks for the encouragement.
cool, remember we're all watching your votes
Couldja wait until we're over 50% before you pull the purity threat?
It's so sad my ny Senator is acting so stupidly
Thanks @SenGillibrand. It can feel pointless but your encouragement reminds us there are committed (not committable) people in Washington.
Even if it's speaking out against people like you?
Sometimes, tho, I just get weepy for no apparent reason.
My Senator from NY!
I think we need to make a renewed  & concentrated effort to add #TheResistance to all of our Tweets again. 

And of course  #Trumprussia
Oh please do. 
Where's the road and sidewalk money going mam? Ur government have plenty of it.The roads should have been taken care of.
I'm exhausted. But I'm not giving up.
We will #RESIST
We know ur speaking 2 thsnds of ur Delphi constituents that had pensions stolen by ur team in 09 when u say 'battle is worth it'. Aren't u?

In the unlikely chance @jk_rowling sees this, I'M SORRY! This is a tribute to the evil you brought to life. #TheResistance #TrumpisUmbridge 
Thank you.
As a democracy we need to fight on the battlefield of ideas and use our weapon of the vote. Take a rest if you need it then recycle & VOTE
It is so overwhelming. We are bombarded w/stupid every day!

We can't grow weary because each time you might doze off another shock wave of trump terror blows you into action.
Yes, Senator. Long live the #TheResistance!
We can speak til we're blue but no good when republicans change and make their own laws and a traitor in the WH. America is a joke rght now
I will never stop working, speaking out and fighting for our Constitution and rights. Thank you for standing up.
Thank you Sen. Gillibrand.  We won't quit til they are gone.
-absolutely
Funny, the DEMS show respect to Scalia but disdain for Gorsuch even tho their views are similar. Their Hypocrisy shows but they don't see it
What, exactly, are you resisting?
More importantly, what exactly are you fighting for ?   Do you even know ?
Are you going to publicly defend Tulsi Gabbard's right to speak out? @TulsiPress @BernieSanders @SenSchumer @TomPerez @keithellison
Won't give up but it's really hard when no one seems to be listening.
My biggest fear. Trump will be normalized and people will tire of the drama.
I feel so depressed and lost since the election!!
Should I keep going?
You aren't alone same feeling here
What fight are you talking about? "Equality?" I think you mean a forced "level playing field."
Um sorry what is our issue pls bear with I have had a head injections injury.
trump needs to release taxes- family friends gun lobby and anti choice appointees are gonna get us killed
Then it's time to put your money where your mouth is, Senator. #RESIST #PERSIST #UNFIT #IMPEACH
Let's speak out for America. Stop the damn division. Please.
thank you for your leadership
Thank you! We extend a thank you to all the NYers who've adopted states to help their Democrats rebuild.
We are counting on you
I'm marching this weekend & next. Phone calls are great & helpful, but this president understands visuals more than anything else.
I love how you speak truth to power. I feel I can trust you, Senator Gillibrand.  Kirsten Gillibrand 2020?  
Thank you. We won't stop fighting!
Kristen - where are the checks and balances on Trumps antagonizing and aggressive military actions ?? Please help to stop him !!
Yup, my rights will be restored once the dems are all gone, keep fighting
When is your next Town Hall? Thank you.
We will never give up! Thank you @SenGillibrand for standing up for us! Beyond appreciated! #TheResistance
Lol
You got it senator!
What battle? The one inside @TheDemocrats head that they can't pull out of their ass to recognize a good president and a path for America
LMAO
At least your bot profile pic is cute
How is the weather in CA today. NY wants to know
Bots are not that smart. Weather is always fine here.
Thank you, Sen. Gillibrand. I needed to hear that today!
the fbi picks the president now. Hes not my president and its not my government. If you just pay me off for the land I'll leave.
I think you mean whine. #termlimitsnow
I have been fighting for rights for the middle class and our Dem leaders don't care! Taxing us to death
Are you planning on running for president? The "no" on every Trump nominee makes me think so.
Your NY #DelphiSalariedRetirees constituents have been fighting our pension battle since 2009 with NO help from YOU! https://www.delphisalariedretirees.org/delphi/ 
Doubt that! We don't line her pockets enough....
I asked for cheese pizza in Brooklyn and they gave me pepperoni. This isn't the New York I know senator. Sad!
Agreed!! 
As a fellow NYer we stand beside u and chuck and need u to lead the fight against the GOP running rampant with no checks. #Trumprussia
Too funny.
"do not grow tired or weary"... love this xo
When you are up for reelection we will speak out and vote you OUT
xxxx
That would be easier if I saw anybody fighting. What I see is people trying to normalize what was basically an FBI coup
You make me proud to be a New Yorker!
#Gillibrand2020
