Breaking News: Trump assailed Mika Brzezinski in vulgar terms, saying he saw her "bleeding badly from a face-lift" http://nyti.ms/2t4IqPs 
Since our President clearly has a problem with women, let's send more to Congress. Women of America, you need to run! RT if you agree.
Ah, yes, your gender alone is more important than your competence or position on issues. Typical liberal democratic nonsense.
Pretty presumptuous to imply if representative is a woman they are incompetent. Women make up more than 50% of population. Need equal rep.
No. We don't. We need the best people regardless of race or color.
The majority of congress is old white men, this does not reflect the population or represent other ideas. Diversity stimulates growth.
And old white and black women.
Please stop taking the bait. Your constituents don’t care about what Donald says to a TV host. They care about how Trumpcare will harm them.
And his constituents don't care he said it.
Your screen name is left of left and you are a trump supporter? I do support @SenGillibrand but we need to deploy different tactics
His supporters don’t care and neither do many of the voters Democrats have to reach in order to win. That’s why I say focus on policy.
I agree with you. But I also think the dems need to get feistier.
Assailed? !! He commented on what he observed. Mika disparages him daily. #politicalpawn #schumerspuppet

He is am embarrassment.  what did we expect from  an admitted sexual assaulter? need more women in gov!
Everyone needs to report his tweet to twitter and get his account blocked for abuse
He is disgusting.
Plz don't refer to him in that way.He's a fraud & has no business,is not deserving of that title.He's an international,national embarresment
Terrible thing to say.
This is what happens when a 79 year old man w/ the mental maturity of a 14 year old mean girl is elected president.
"a 14-year-old mean girl." Fits Trump to a tee. Bravo, SK!
To be fair, I think 14 year old "mean girls" are likely to be much smarter than Trump.
Lee Ann, bingo.
Are you 14 also ?
Not quite.
Just when you think he can't sink any lower .. 
#ResistTrump
#MorningJoe
@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS @SHSanders45 @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr
None of this is ok, Senator. None of it. He hates us and the GOP is feigning dismay while continually attacking us.
Please spare him the title "Mr. President," he clearly does not deserve it.
@nytimes :
Not remotely OK. Disturbed. A national embarrassment.
Not new. Never Normal.
I'm so embarrassed that he is our president
@SenGillibrand nor is saying "f^*k @realDonaldTrump
has someone made him an appointment with a neurologist? He needs a work-up
.@SenGillibrand,
You might want to say something to Dems in CA...
With Ms Pelosi Front & Center...
Nancy Pelosi and California Dems shout "f*ck Donald Trump" and flip him off. Rep. Barbara Lee was also on stage. 
It is utterly and completely disgusting.  The bar was so low already.  Now, it's in the 9th circle of hell.
There is nothing that is okay or normal or acceptable about this faux prez. Disgusting, revolting, and despicable.


I hear pictures help children (dems) understand; Hope these help!




Why not @ him?
I am sure U defend the play where they assassinate #PresidentTrump which is NOT ok either but then democrats are BIG hypocrites
Also try statement: The President is not okay 

#Fire45
If it is a fact how is it derogatory? The fact you don't want to hear a fact does not eliminate its existence.
Says the idiot who used the f-bomb in a public speech?
Of course the truth doesn't matter,  only mean words and hurt feeling do apparently...
You are not ok. You are the WORST Senator NY has ever had.
He and his supporters won't care however
you're my top pick for first female president of the united states, and next republican president since 2013.
Hint: He doesn't give a shit.
Thank you Senator for telling it how it is.
You are vulgar and crass. Don't think you can get away with dropping F bombs just because you are a woman.
He is disgusting. He is an embarrassment to men and our country
Sen. Gillibrand, please @ him! Subtweeting misses the point of speaking out.
Neither is the left wing attacks on Republican women. Will you stand up for them?
Tuff shit isn't it! They can insult him every day but they can't take it Those 2 assholes deserve to b insulted & worse That's what u get!
I think we need to revisit def of "breaking news"!
Why would you call him Mr. President? He doesn't deserve. Ever.
Sometimes a bandage leaks, it has happened to me. Saw her when hers leaked. When she was begging to be in his company at Mara Lago! Vulgar ?
Is this where we are as a society? It is unacceptable to mention that an expensive cosmetic procedure causes bleeding? Rich peep problems 
Don't even call him "Mr. President" he doesn't deserve it! Any man without respect to women don't respect their mother,sister,daughter wife!
Dems can't make up their minds.... corrupt Dems vote Out!
He's a Pig Pig Pig Pig Pig!!!
You are not okay Kirsten. Gender identity politics don't EVER work. You dopey liberals haven't learned this by now???
I'd recommend avoiding the politeness of "Mr. President". He's a pig and a charade.
ALL Dems and Republicans should stand arm in arm on the capitol steps &, in one unified voice, articulate the outrageousness of his behavior
He destroys the dignity of the presidency and the White House.
@flotus wants to stop cyber bullying. Has her husband bullied her into stopping her effort? Or is the Bully In Chief exempt?
Yes it is, they criticise him constantly. Can not have double standards. Men and women should be treated the same.
Why is this not okay if it's true?
You know what is also "not ok"?
Using the f-word in a public response.
You're truly disgusting.
And an embarrassment to the Office.
Sadly it has become normal since he came to spotlight. Disgusting & shameless - and he's representing USA to the world. #ImpeachTrump
Ms. Gillibrand, were you as incensed when Sarah Palin was & is insulted by the Democrats & the media? Or Kellyanne Conway being insulted?
. @SenGillibrand You apparently weren't elected based on your skills in communication.
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand. Honest question. Do you think one of your Republican colleagues will say the same? Just one.
She should sue. Her plastic surgeon.
Are you kidding me? You think this is bad? Your propaganda and lies are much worse.
Sen Gillibrand @POTUSALL WOMEN & MEN. I do NOT expect him to take continuing lies. Please read below & then check yourFemale Privilege
It's nice that you call him "Mr. President" despite the fact he'd never show that kind of respect to you.
Our Mr. President seems to Tweet first and Think later.   Like you, I am obsessed with taking down the White House.
Vulgar?  U are vulgar for not calling out Mika for her multiple disgusting comments about the President.
I watch morning Joe every day and Mika is awsome.
But it's OK for Mika & Joe to Talk Shit about Trump? They can Dish it but can't take it? MSNBC & CNN are DISGRACEFUL!!!
If he has anything to learn he should look to every popular president before him who understood criticism comes with the job.
Oh please! You are sooo offended by everything our @POTUS does. Grow up and get on the #TrumpTrain to #MAGA.
@HeyTammyBruce
@jennybethm
Forgive him...he forgot to take his medications today and slipped up a bit
No one cares about what you think is okay. Get back to work.
Thank you for condemning this disgusting middle-school nonsense. And it's not even accurate. Pics online from event show no sign of surgery.
Can we please declare him insane. Didn't he tweet that while in the security briefing?
Why is that vulgar if it was true ? Do some work for NYS and stay out of the dumb stuff
What is ok "Kirsti" , cutting Trumps head off , shooting him in the head ,  stabbing him to death , Atracking his 11 year old , calling him.
We know this man has no conscience. The GOP will continue to accept his erractic behavior. Let's not get distracted.
He's used to use his power or to pay for women. If women don't accept that, he can't handle them and reacts "trumpish" with attack.
Why don't you work on something important instead of this drivel.  Work WITH the rest of your constituents to get Health care FIXED....
You're right - This is NOT okay.  And the next time he does it... it's not ok.  And the next time, and the next time, and so on...
I wish you'd talk to him directly, or at least try to. Tweeting to the masses won't do anything. He should be confronted.
We should all #unfollowTrump. He's a man that relishes on attention - even negative. Like a toddler, let's not give it to him.
How we went from @BarackObama to this child #45.  The world is laughing at us. #stopembarrassingus @realDonaldTrump.
How much longer is congress going to put up with this monster?!
...hey we like it when Trump hits back...these idiots on the Left don't respect none  us. We  Don't mind it!
So it was ok for Mika to tell the viewers President Trump is a homosexual 2 weeks prior?? Take your double standards & bury them..DEEP
Unfortunately this is not new behavior for the president. Leopard doesn't change it's spots
Thank you
Seriously, he always has said outrageous horrible things. Nothing surprises me
Was Madonna, Kathy Griffin or the Play okay? Is it okay for the media, esp. Joe and Mika, to disrespect our President daily? It is NOT okay!
Just "not okay" ? A kick where the sun doesn't shine and open all windows in the Oval Office for disinfestation.Patheticpotus
At least you said Mr. President. Now what is your stance on Kate's Law?
It is OK with me.She tears him down every day on her show. Why is that allowed?If you can't take it don't dish it out. Fighting fire w/ fire
.@SenGillibrand Think about it: This man's portrait is hanging in classrooms around the country. (But not in Portland, OR!)
Don't give him any respect by calling him Mr P, please .. he doesn't deserve respect
That's totally OK. More if this please @POTUS

Sen.Schumer called a flight attendant a bitch- you lied,said it didn't happen. Do u only care about rich, Dem women? http://nypost.com/2009/12/16/schumer-calls-flight-attendant-who-told-him-to-turn-off-cell-phone-bitch/ … https://twitter.com/SenGillibrand/status/880449898801397761 …
Mika deserves that and more.  She is ugly inside and outside.
It's OK with ME, Kirstie. NOT OK that you started spamming me for leaving a mocking note to you on social media.
Hahaha! she got exactly what she gives!  She talks shit about my President everyday but she can't take it. U get what u give! Lol! Lmao 
She admits she got a chin job.  Since when is being truthful unacceptable?  #FaceLiftMika
His tweets today about haters, losers & his IQ, and this abt Mika are appalling behavior in a president. I'm so ashamed he's our POTUS.
U hate Trump because he doesn't play by your rules. Sure he says dumb things but Dems can't win with " we hate Trump" platform. Wise up KG
He is sad and pathetic and toxic to all humans.
She dishes it out so eagerly, she can take a little too. 

#Hypocrite
This is NOT OK @SenGillibrand.
Why not @ him?
Do you think he cares?
#Impeach45 !!!!
"This is not okay" ???? That's all ????
Neither is this
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3XcsCu9uRs&sns=tw … via @youtube
another bully attack from a man who lacks the intelligence to be civil. His bully tactics or talk to him at a younger age by his parents.
That's the best you can come up with? Seriously! No wonder we keep losing elections.
I could not force myself to refer to him as Mr. President.  He is NOT my President.
Fake Joe and Constipated Mika have called Trump a thug, senile, insane incompetent where is the respect for office of Potus U lost Trump won
https://twitter.com/jackposobiec/status/880769130806358016 … Will you disavow this CNN producer for these comments?
CNN: "American Voters are Stupid as Sh*t and Kellyanne Conway looks like she got hit by a shovel" https://twitter.com/IWillRedPillYou/status/880731693338030080/video/1 …
And neither is you potty mouth. Yes, we heard you use the F word loud & clear, and now you act like an offended lady. Give me a break!
LOL.  Sounds like SNL.  What's the matter, She can give it but not take it.  Suck it up Cupcake!
So it's ok for the people on the Left to continuously assault the President, even calling for murder but to call Mean Mika out is horrific?
Hes a pig
Yet, nothing will change.  Saddened by the state of our union. 
He's sick....mentally sick!!
I think he's past sick....past mentally sick.
Right back at the Orange man.
#Karma  ..she so deserved that!!!
@realDonaldTrump is NOT my President, he never was, and he never will be. So don't dignify him with the title "Mr. President".
@nytimes # women of America have problems with communists & liars like you, who want to constantly use victimization excuses.
You know what's also not ok?  Referring to him as Mr. President. He doesn't deserve it and I will never utter those words.

I wonder what all the people "outraged" (fauxoutraged) about a tweet feel about how this @CNN producer talks about @KellyannePolls??? 
This is the reason that .@realDonaldTrump CANNOT BE TRUSTED WITH US SECRETS.
How is what he said vulgar? She was bleeding badly?
@nytimes she fair game. Has been attacking Trump forever.
Thank you for speaking out, Senator.
U hypocrite & liar, tried to covered up for Schumer,U can not be trusted..Schumer calls flight attendant  'bitch'
Time for 25th amendment.  He is seriously mentally ill and unfit for office.  We've waited long enough.  He's going to get us all killed.
We  all thought the same about obama
Please don't call him "Mr. President"  He's illegitimate anyway.
When will you all do something about the continued embarrassment for all of us
Let's face it their show is more like Dr. Suess - make believe #fakenews @morningmika is joe's puppet and Trump told it like it is
I sure hope he's indicted soon.  This is getting so old!
You are not ok @SenGillibrand taking $$$ in exchange defending the elites & globalists. #WeSeeYou
But it's ok to drop F bombs in public Senator?  Hypocrite.
Donald Trump is a cancer on our great nation
If anyone knows vulgarity it is @SenGillibrand she is Queen of the F-Bomb.
Why not?  Be didn't use a vulgar term to describe her.  He just startedthe truth.
But he doesn't deserve the "Mr"... or the "President" for that matter.
Disgusting as usual.
That's hilarious!!!!!!! #trump2020
He gave an honest answer as to what he saw, was it in good taste... no, but if you're personally offended by it, check your privilege
But not surprising
Congress could end his bullshit tomorrow.
Would you care to comment on his inciting violence against CNN and journalists in general today?
Neither is you using the F word all the time.
Why do you feel it's  OK for her to bash him and him not to retaliate?  Because you think women should be treated differently then men?
@POTUS is a serial sex offender.  @VP can't have dinner with a woman alone.  The situation is past not being OK.
Please explain to me how @POTUS saying her face was bleeding from a facelift is vulgar. Maybe embarrassing for her but not vulgar.
Since you have a problem understanding the American people how about we the WOMEN send you HOME
LET THE PRESIDENT KNOW his tweets are:  
Vulgar
Crude
 Hit a New low
Disgusting 
Beneath office of the President
How many days to P 46 ? @SenGillibrand @countdowntop46
I love your optimism senator but I don't think a 71 year old man can change his behavior.
Censure him.
