@NerdyTraveler @DandC we are living in a toxic and hateful environment that needs sterilizing from the top down #neverforget
if @realDonaldTrump cared, he would condemn in the strongest terms. His silence is deafening and very telling.
As long as Trump remains in power, bigots will continue to feel empowered. It starts at the top.
This is Bill trumps grandchildren are Jewish get real anti semetic acts have been on the increase for years!
Not like this. Trump's chief adviser is a Jew-hating white nationalist and Trump himself has stoked this, gk or not.
Steve Bannon is not a racist that is "FAKE NEWS"
adolph trump's Brown Shirts. Disgusting. Save our country from this tyrant.
Marxist.
Doing our Constitutional right 2 protest makes us Marxist? No. Where do u live? It may explain ur confusion.
Supporting lies of the Marxist Party makes you a Marxist. I live right next door.
I am truly baffled how this makes us Marxist. Please, please read our Constitution.
Looks like they caught the Liberal leaning crackpot that phoned in the bomb threats, what do you wanna bet this is a lib too.
@HillYes1 @DandC think if you rally the deplorables out from the darkness u can silence  them again easily?  @realDonaldTrump
And the President must condemn it!
he did
Huh? NeoNazis identified a suspect while the police didn't? Classy
trump was right about Sweden
I guess u r trying to insinuate that this was Trumps fault but the truth is out now !
he isn't president! .We don't have a president. #notmypresident
Failed to see you there or Joe Biden.  All talk NO ACTION politicians!!!

s Sacrilege
yes how can a lier run the justice department. How can I trust him
@Dethtron5000 @DandC It'll stop when those responsible are dragged into the light and sent to prison.
there has to be a way to find out who these gutless heartless lowlifes are and put an end to it all.
Thank you Senator.
why can't they put cameras? Muslims are volunteering to guard & rebuild, mosques being burned in #trump America

how many times does this have to happen before we stop history from repeating? Hitler was real. This can be stopped.
I am so disappointed to see this happening in my home town. Keep doing what you're doing by defending the rights of everyone.
this is absolutely disgusting. The perps are cowards!
Impeaching the orange menace will be a good start.
It'll never stop. History always repeats itself. We now have @realDonaldTrump 2 promote the message.
We need to get hold of @SenGillibrand private emails and investigate any connection the the vandalism. I heard she visited there in 2014
Thank you For speaking out Senator Gillibrand!!
antisemitic acts have been on the rise the last 8 years but now the news finally reports them
@Amy_Siskind @DandC Dems retarded way to fix the problem. Let more Muslims with out vetting in. Ya duh Dat Wil work.
Please keep fighting to give America back her soul.
@Amy_Siskind @DandC Ya letting more Muslims is not going to help stop this only make it worse. Got Brains? Oh your a dem.sono
Agreed!
@pmiscove @DandC This makes me so mad and heartbroke at the same time!!! 
Over 100 JCC threats.
During my college years the people in #Rochester were nothing but welcoming & friendly; to hear this is just infuriating.
How? How do we make it stop?
Easily. Ask Obama to stop
my neighborhood
talk is so easy when you are a senator.again, what are you going to do. Any skin in the game?
what are you going to do about this outrage other than talk. Muslims are going to guard the graveyards, imagine that.
Thanks to 8 years of Obama and his Israel hating!
agreed
jews obviously higher up on white people's hierarchy than POC cos they have been KILLING us and you didn't stop that
My Republican acquaintances are sure these horrific desecrations are being done by drunk teenagers or Democrats.
oh, no! Rochester is home.  That's not who we are.

Despicable and cowardly.
nothing will stop until the Dems and Repub quit blaming each other. You both suck! #DrainTheSwamp
has law enforcement increased patrols?
it won't stop until some people go to prison for it. We need to show this won't be tolerated.
Thank you, Senator. This must stop--along with all the other hate crimes that are proliferating.
Is there any organized effort for clean up? Don't find anything online
We need to congratulated Donald J Trump for his Stupid full of Hate Campaign, He's the Solely Responsible for all this
Where are the arrests?
yet we hv committee to investigate immigrants...DT's lack of leadership is scary nuts and telling...not in a good way
Put up some secret cameras and find out who's doing it! There must be pickup trucks or something involved here. Lic Plate #?
lil joke you know the answer. It must be Trump alt-right supporter . Like Trump surrogate David Duke. But still it make
sense if it Trump surrogate or Trump supporter should be blame. Saying. The rise of hatred. Don't mind saying.
any of the leadership should condemn this!
