Americans deserve a clear understanding of how, when, and why we were attacked in 2016. It’s time to get to the bottom of what happened.
The 2018 elections are not too far away. There isn’t much time, and we must take action soon.
.@LindseyGrahamSC and I introduced a bill to put together a 9/11-style commission to look into vulnerabilities in our election systems.
Duh... Paper ballots.
Really? You're getting around to it now?  Is the fix in?
Simple, how about voter identification!  If you are serious about comment which I doubt, let's start with voter ID
No we don't actually
All about paper
Hi kirsten
The government knows how, but The government is just keeping us open to attack so Russia has more control
Lose the ELECTORAL COLLEGE. IT'S TO EASY FOR SOMEONE TO BRIBE THEM. RUSSIA did that for TRUMP. POPULAR VOTE IS THE PEOPLE'S CHOICE PERIOD.
Then you must support the work of Wikileaks and the whistleblowers who help to inform us all on these issues.
WL is an enemy of the US.
You are basically saying, the truth is the enemy of the US.
Paper ballots everywhere.
agree totally...
@mikefarb1  has answered most of that.  #unhackthevote

Simple fix. Paper ballots.
Back to paper ballots and manual tabulation everywhere!
Maybe u should have asked ur bff Obama about that.  Seeing he knew 18 months b4 the election that Russia was involved with the hacks. Hmmm..
Isn't @realDonaldTrump fixing to team up w his pal Putin to work on that? Seriously why hasn't he been impeached? We are in danger
Paper ballots, hand-counted, with scrutineers from both parties.
Maybe separate ballots for president from ballots for everything else so presidential votes can be counted quickly.
Easy. Don't use the internet for elections go back to the old fashioned way of pen and paper. The internet will be the death of us all
Unfortunately time is running out for 2018. In less than a year, most of the ballots will have been certified.  Decisions must come NOW!!!
#unhackthevote
This is by design. WH is complicit with entire scheme. The thorough dilution of govt, the world at odds and WH is shutting down state dept!
Paper ballots!
Paper Ballots I'm mailing in all my votes Can't trust party hacks in states who run 50 different voting systems to no known standards
Kirsten, make this YOUR issue. Include this Expedia scandal and get on the case. I'm afraid we are only on the tip of the iceberg.
How about an idea from our senator. I've never heard a good idea from you. #dumpgillibrand
Our election systems are under attack by REPUBLICANS... fix that first
Paper ballots!
Put a letter in tje mail to all of the BOE's! Don't wait 4 the Repubs to do it! Putin is on their side!
Yes! And way before mid-terms!!!
How about everyone holds up a sign with the name of who they voted for while they take a selfie.
#unhackthevote
Get rid of trump n republicans problem solved duhhhh
Paper ballots, like Canada.
Paper ballots
All mail-in ballots like WA state?
Are these tge same election systems that got Obama elected???
I know a previous Secretary of State who agrees with you. She can give you some advice on how to go about it.
Paper ballots. Every state should demand them
Yes cyberattack and voter fraud need to be fixed voter ID is needed
Then each department contacts the higher department to report to federal. Stop the internet connection to any of it
Can brake it down to a simpler system, each county doesn't hook it to the Internet, they just call the local department,
We must do everything possible to protect our voting rights. Paper ballots only, & no on line registering would be great.
Paper ballots & vote by mail. WA & OR use it. Provides trail & access for all to vote. This Washingtonian loves it. Can track ballot too.
This is major issue that is not highlighted enough.
Maybe reducing the number of voting days down to one?  #Senatorfucktard
Simple. Go back to paper ballot. Next?
I don't believe the Russians did this on their own.  There were & likely still are, American citizens eagerly assisting in the fine details.
We can not confine to be in slow motion on this issue.

Let us vote from home on our cell iPhones r computers not connected 2 a gov broken system use @IBM
How about a total and complete shutdown on voting machines "while we figure out what the hell is going on?"
Easy.  Use paper ballots everywhere.
Thanks for saying that because many of us have grave concerns to the integrity of electronic voting.  Paper ballots better.
Paper ballots won't solve it. The issue is social media and the spread of misleading information. We need more fact checking.
Paper ballots are a start. But deeper problems as well to solve
There's no evidence ballots were changed in 2016. Paper ballots cause issues of their own. I still say misleading info is the #1 problem.
It sounds as if you are against paper ballots- they are used the world over to great effect & cannot be hacked electronically
Paper ballots = over votes, lost votes, human error in reading, can be lost or mutilated. Not against it, but they can be manipulated too
I've never used a voting machine, and I don't know a single #Washington voter who doesn't LOVE our mail-in ballots. They're perfect!
Cant hack a paper ballot!!
Congress cld start w/fix'g election system by get'g rid of the #ElectoralCollege that wld be 90% results-oriented in 1move. js/jmo
There are many ways to use cyber/data for political influence
@chrislhayes Story that needs airtime. Weaponizing of data by Mercer's Cambridge Analytica for 2016 election. Here it is visually... 
Putin said power rests with who has control of artificial intelligence. We don't seem to care.
We can do that once tRUMP and this administration is removed from the WH.
Been saying it for months. We HAVE to ban all electronic voting machines & go back to pen and paper like other countries.
Agreed but first we must figure out how to get citizens interested in voting, running for office and able to vote
Our US is too big to vote on 1 day, make it a week? People work. Let's not forget voters suppressed by the GOP. Then there's gerrymandering.
THE two party system is obsolete and highly influenced by special interest & TV media. Time to #demandmore #voteroptions
Dipping thumbs in ink
Agreed, AND demand multiple party system, vote options with legitimately qualified candidates !!!!
Paper ballots. Audit every election. Yes, it's that simple
Well I can fix my vote. I will never vote without a paper ballot again. And I will take a picture of my ballot.
So, how are we vulnerable to election system cyber attack?
Start with all paper ballots for all elections. 
Make companies 100% responsible for consequences of breeches and CEOs personally liable.
DJT Sec of State, Tillerson, release funds for protect Amers frm Russ cyber-attacks? Frm election hacks by GOP & Russ=illigitimate Pres, DJT
Only about half the people want that, the other half are happy with the way it's worked out.
Also to Dem jurisdictions w/ over 100% voter participation.
Constitutional amendment to require paper ballots for all US voting. Understandable, auditable, trustable.
But m-m-muh state's rights!
Yes, we are all concerned about the election that put you into office... had to be rigged by idiots!
Paper and pencils.

It's easy require government issued photo I'd and verify their address. Keep the machines off the internet. Not connected can't be hacked
Just leave Trump in charge and skip the next couple of elections
Ok, begin with the current POTUS.
Go back to paper ballots until we can GUARANTEE a hack free system!
The best way to do it is to hack a Red state or three... the GOP will come around. I recommend Texas, Florida, and North Carolina
This makes sense.
WH seems a good place to look, destroying each government dept from the inside out. #ThisIsNotNormal
Go right ahead. And throw those damn commie counting machines out into the landfill.
It is also susceptible to ilegal wetback attacks.
Make a federal website.  Give every citizen an account.  Vote there.  Problem solved!
Do not trust.
Paper ballots.
Paper ballots.
Ask Facebook they know exactly how exposed the US is. Lean In-yeah right
Stop this biased commission striping states of voting authority. @gop @dnc @NYGovCuomo
go back to the lever voting booths- much more fun too!NOTHING online is ever safe
Well, duh.  You do much better with the gender and sexual issues.
So stop talking about it on Twitter and DO SOMETHING!!
Let's start by impeaching Vladimir Putin's personal fave for president and follow that up by outlawing electronic voting devices nationwide.
She wasn't elected 
I suggest not hiring a Pakistani family to have access to all Democrat computers.
This makes sense
Get rid of voting machines and return to paper ballots
It would appear the election was already fixed. Maybe we should break it.
Let's work and invest in fixing our infrastructure not watching it rot or get blown away!
Please, paper ballots for all.
The system was never designed to be secure. An example of the lowest bidder winning and we are dealing with the consequences
There is a tested solution...CODE AUDITING!!!  Everybody benefits from a third party audit of code.  That's how the tech sector works.
DJT isn't really POTUS. See #UnhacktheVote.com for definitive statistical analysis. Election tallies adjusted to scam Electoral College 
Please read threads by @jennycohn1 whose research of election fraud of all kinds is extensive. Nothing in our democracy is more important.
If @realDonaldTrump cared about this country he would focus on this as the biggest threat to Democracy - not fight to stop investigation.
Oregon and WA have all mail-in ballots.  All paper.  All traceable. Automatic registration too.  No vote hacking here. @RonWyden
Start with abolishing the #ElectoralCollege. Its easier to hack 3 states to change the totals than the entire popular vote. 1person = 1 vote
Govt issued IDs to vote. Ink stamp so you can't vote again in another jurisdiction or state. Paper ballots. No same day registration.
How about paper ballots and taking all registration off the web?
THis administration is more concerned with disenfranchisement of voters than protecting the electoral infrastructure
Paper.
And fast before midterms!
I agree with paper ballots and no more computers in elections. It's not perfect but it's better than being hacked.
PAPER BALLOTS
(sorry for shouting but I swear to god nobody is fucking listening)
And also fix the voter rolls and have voter ID!
Agree; but for now let's do the paper ballot thing.
Find the best hackers in the country, hire them to shore up the multitude of vulnerabilities & paper ballots!
I am one of those hackers. Paper ballots, please.
I just looked up Brannock Device. Thank you! But I really thought it was going to be something about hacking.
Just let facebook do it. Its not like our delegates go with the popular vote anyway. Delegates can just use USPS and a stamp.
Talk to @mikefarb1 he's been investigating this for months.
We need CONGRESS to mandate paper ballots until we know WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON
This should be a top priority.  Trump is ignoring it
Can we plan on paper ballots until you get it all figured out?
Speak to @realDonaldTrump .. wud b very helpful 
The administration will not take any part in stopping the attacks.
kobayashi maru
And we need #OpenPrimaries, so all citizens can vote in #Primaries which is when the candidates are selected. #OpenPrimaries
Join a Party then help the Party select the candidate. Closed Primaries are fair and sensible.
Parties are corrupt; I will not align with one, and The Constitution doesn't require Citizens to join parties.
Paper ballots.
Like  cointelpro? Or operation Northwoods? Covert action wing? Mockingbird...every gov, every prez against its own people.
Is the senate or house working on this? I keep asking and no one answering! Which committee?
Hi Kirsten. I’m no Sherlock but my guess is it’s the computers.
The biggest threat is the DNC
thoughts @officialmcafee ?
Your lone voice is nothing. WHERE is the party's ad showing how Trump pockets taxpayer money forcing the govt to spend at his properties?
No pres n hist has gotten away wi th thngs DJT has! Fr th fam proftin to huge amt spnt on wkend vac trav to path lies an racist divisionism
I'm sure that more over-reaching. Gov policies will fix it right up. Ain't that the Dem way?
Paper ballots
And the extent to which trump/Russia stole 16
