You may want to rethink your endorsement of this statue. I'm a feminist, but this statue is actually an *ad.* https://gregfallis.com/2017/04/14/seriously-the-guy-has-a-point/ …
Great point. Thank you!
My pleasure - it made me rethink it for sure.
Kind of disappointing, but some things transcend their original advertising purpose: Santa in red
Perhaps - but also as a supporter of the arts, it inherently changes the meaning of the other artist's piece too. I didn't like that.
For sure, but isn't that (aspect) just an application of the first Amendment?
The bull sculptor allows it to be there on loan. He could simply pull it..and frankly, if I were him, I would. It ruins his piece meaning.
Thank you for your time and thoughts. I look forward to seeing more
More fearless girls need education about Political Islam, which Annihilates other civilations. See
Dear Senator Gillibrand, Why do you support and speak so glowingly of Linda Sarsour who supports FGM, sharia, Hamas, + hates Jews? -NYS Res.
Seems rather hypocritical of you to blow all this hot-air about women but support Sarsour who supports sharia and female genital mutilation.
@LunaLuvgood2017 In corporate America & U.S. & International politics, in International law, in International diplomacy etc.
The White House. Every Parliament in the world. The UN. Every role with "Chief" in title. Every rile with "Deputy" in title.
?ThenWhy BILINGUAL PublicSchoolsWhen EnglishONLY languageThatDoesNOT put GENDER on Chairs Rockets Stars Computers SmartPhone Coat Hat Book?!
u guys talk out of both sides of your mouth!

GIRLS gender role INDOCTRINATED  w/MYTH,PREJUDICE,CUSTOM via EVERYother Language BUT English!
No 'le' & 'la' thing English. Entire thoughtProcess(Language) dominatd Masculin Feminin Gender, &what impact2Girls? MoreDemLies?

(Thread)This thread is a declaration for our demand for impeachment. This is a list of all members of congress, RT this thread to your reps
They not only need to be there, they need to head them.
In the driver's seat, instead of the passenger's seat
In Power
Keep up the good work
Presidents
https://youtu.be/Kq5e2ZM-cqc 
https://youtu.be/Gn0tzoCw6fA 
https://youtu.be/JcJ8me22NVs 
https://youtu.be/vLV9szEu9Ag 
@RobertDowneyJr @ava
https://youtu.be/M12MoRz5Fdw 
https://youtu.be/GWMKV8Hhais 
https://youtu.be/SRK1OdCIU9E 
https://youtu.be/aocar-omjAM …
I guess moms are not fearless
Federal everything!
It's a STUPID Liberal Icon - I hope the Bull runs over her and stomps her into the ground!!  WE NEED A GOOD ECONOMY!!!
So,Dems again use women's issue 2refocus attention off their failures, off plantationism/racism(?) inherent to policies harmful2 minorities?
To replace you. You are promoting a muslim terrorist as a leader for the women's march. Are you also promoting FGM? Sharia?
The White House. #Gillibrand2020
The House and Senate!!! See @Frank4Congress and let's help her win May 2nd!
Fearless girls? Like Kathy Mazza? Moira Smith? They didn't stare a stupid bull statue down. They stared death in the face. And saved lives.
You support sharia law and post this?  Blinding hypocrite
Defend the girls mutilated in Detroit, ask 1 of your four ejemplary ladies to fight for them, the one with her head covered!
We don't need to spend anymore money on stupid statues
You are an embarrassment to the state you pretend to help
Fear is a natural response to danger and females ignoring those signals often get harmed.
Governorships & state legislatures. Mayors & County Executives.
How can you post this and support those who stand for sharia law?? What a conflict of interest...
The arts!
THE WHITE HOUSE!
The White House
Senate
Leading international organisations.Involved heavily in peacekeeping+peace making ops. Decisionmaking at the highest levels in civic society
More fearless gilrs are needed to...advocate for Female gentile mutilation, wife beating and hatred against Jews?
CEOs
@IMPL0RABLE the white house! In the oval office! As president of the USA!
Every school in America. And most marriages.
Very clearly, journalism. I mean...
No! They were flawless! If only the media hadn't set up her private email server! Or the media hadn't made her not have a message! https://twitter.com/glennthrush/status/855850857543368704 …
You forgot The White House
anyplace other than wall street
lol
Media executives, Hollywood execs, corporate execs, inside bldgs of wall st, upper levels of military, pentagon
White House
Your comments at H.Park NY could've included...suffragette EC Stanton railed against the"religious"oppression of women that continues#Islam
Becoming Technology & Engineering Teacher will help more and more girls in all those fields. @sunyoswego @buffalostate @nysteea #teched
The principal's office. Designing plumbing systems that can handle the sanitary needs of 51% of the population. Approving insurance claims.
The White House, the Supreme Court, attorney general,  Secretary of State, EPA- its easier to say where she should not be
There's a wonderful series from @DrewsClues all about "geek girls." https://youtu.be/tK72mR6KiT0 
The White House you would liok good in the Oval Office
The @WhiteHouse!!!
The director's chair.
The writers' room.
Everywhere. It's what schools should be working to create. They're not though.
2 US Senate seats for NY. We need strong, brave women who don't pander to a party platform and represent/do what's best for ALL NY'ers.
Fearless girls should be anywhere they want to be.
and especially Fox News
They should be put outside your and @lsarsour offices to remind you that in this country we do not abide in nor condone Sharia Law.
#SmartGirlsKnow you have to #BudgetOnlyIncome and make #PaymentsToPrincipal to #EndCongressionalDebtAbuse so #TeachCongress
to #Save400Bill
WHITE HOUSE!
Running major companies!
I'm going with EVERYWHERE! Keep working Senator, Thank you.
Here is another one-in Planned Parenthood in the wombs of their mothers pleading with liberals for the right to be born.
I like this one-girls restrooms defending themselves against men their liberal government wants to allow in.
The Oval Office 
More fearless girls to make history, reclaim our history, and be strong female leaders #WomensLeadership #wmnhist #SheShouldRun
@HowieWowie7
Congress. The White House. The board room. Mars. Places where decisions abt their healthcare are made. The trades. Cockpits.
Why is it that men who are confident and passionate are admired & labeled as "go-getters", while women with the same qualities are bitches?
On the playing field. In charge in the White House.

In charge everywhere 
On judicial benches across the country. In Firehouses. In squad cars. Eventually in the Oval Office!
Hooray to that!
We got into this mess when we turned this into women VS men issues, remember women are about to lose all there rights as well as most of us.
White House
Church Ministry and leadership
How about the observation deck of the Empire State Building....
School boards; superintendent positions
In all areas of government
In the WHITE HOUSE
Emergency rooms.  For the kids who feel suicidal.  I've seen three in the last 6 hours.
The White House
The White House
Law enforcement
@dremmelqueen The White House 
Any place, any time.
#Filmmaking
this
The White House!!
We need a fearless woman running the Executive Branch of the Federal Government
The White House entrances
The Oval Office.
How about Congress, Federal judiciary, administrations state & federal...
Everywhere
We need fearless women everywhere.
Kirsten your thoughts on Berkeley attempting to silence a fearless girl.
We need fearless girls everywhere unafraid to use critical thinking.  They wouldn't follow blindly L Sarsour silent on FGM. 
The White House
U R sick for supporting anything resembling Sharia Law. U just lost another constit. Shame on U.
White house lawn for all to see!
Sad that fearless girls intimidate less fearless girls who do what they can to undermine them
The White House.
How about the White House? We had a qualified one ready to go, before some criminal gang stole it from her
AND anyplace where anyone has been laughed at, not accepted, where thinking of the good of all & everything 4 now & the future
CONGRESS
How about standing up for women raped, honor killed, and burned with acid in the Muslim wold instead of in the USA where it's easy? Coward
The White House
Anywhere and everywhere.
President.
Strong mother's to raise responsible caring adults. This along with all else said in this thread.
The Vatican
One more in the Oval Office could have brought about ALL of these.
Skilled trades! Carpentry/Woodworking, Electricians, Guilders, Glass Workers. Hopefully leading to more women-owned small business!
Wait, I'm confused. I thought we were supposed to all be gender neutral these days... What is this 'girl' thing you speak of?
@IMPL0RABLE Boardrooms, courtrooms, university administration offices
Government!
In judge's robes
Baseball
White House
We need them to be wherever the f*ck they want to be!
In your representative seat. In fact, We would settle for a somewhat tame baboon to replace you.
Fearless girl mayors, judges, school administrators, CEO's, CFO's, COO's and board members, conductors, scientists, economists and CPA's.
.@SenGillibrand Creating a fetish of a statue, we take away its message and replace it with clanky soundbites. #ThemAreUs #UsAreThem
Maybe you will become fearless and do your job. I raised strong, fearless women who found their way. You're lost in the liberal weeds.#MAGA
@PureMichigan Detroit iron fist #fearlessgirl in head scarf overalls making muscle real men @nfl north #rayrice @covergirl
And we need to to start in schools teaching both girls and boys that intelligent, outspoken, strong, fearless women are not bossy or worse.
Anywhere they have been interrupted, dismissed, underrepresented, deemed not smart/strong/articulate/skilled enough & told they don't belong
Thanks for all you do for us.
My degree was science and technology and I worked for almost 40 years in this role.  It wasn't easy then and sadly only somewhat today.
Criminal justice system and courts
The White House. Please run in 2020.
The White House, Trump Tower, The Justice Department, Supreme Court, Fox News
Also the White House!
Open your eyes!  They are all over the place making fools of themselves Promoting rights WE ALREADY HAVE!!  LOL
Churches
Why do we pressure girls to be leading women? Why are adult women roles denied & given to girls to solve later on? https://twitter.com/SenGillibrand/status/855511635594797058 …
In STEM!
Journalism, journalism, journalism. And Safety Patrol, Swim Team, Student Council, Debate Team, Lunch Monitor, Kickball.
Apparently TV news still lives in 1950. Huge %age white men, and then we wonder why it's so bad...
Congress tons of 'em
The White House
Anywhere that fearless girls are being told, over and over, that they're *not* needed. Not needed *bc*they're girls-or bc they're fearless.
Fox News
The white house
The White House
The Oval Office 
Problem is we start knocking fearless girls down at around puberty. Curious, bold, industrious girls get the message it's not OK anymore.
The c-suite of finance, sport and other remaining bastions of male dominance.  Oh yeah, under the pope's hat too.
We need them fighting against Female Genital Mutilation. Where are you on this?
The White House! Professional sports arenas, tenured professsors at universities, scientific research labs.
#FearlessGirls On College Campuses, Hospitals, Banks, At Home, Sports, Police Officers Fearless Girls come from role modeling
Medical facilities of all sizes. National Park Service. Police forces. Judicial benches. Fire stations. Search and Rescue teams.
The White House.
Yes the White House
The Oval Office
In the Senate, where they might have the guts to stand up to misogynists like Harry Reid. #hottestmember #hypocrites
Congress and the White House
I'm also counting on th White House to be on that list in 2020
Thanks to you for being fearless. I'm happy to have you as one of my senators for The Great State of New York!!
How about in the lobby of FOX News?
The White House
Came here for this, not disappointed.
Mayoral offices. Startups. Venture capital firms.
Sexist. What about fearless boys?
boys are already everywhere. When was the last time a women was elected to the whitehouse?
Haha, maybe when a woman with accomplishments runs. Girls are everywhere too.
then why are women who are equally qualified or even better qualified than their male counterparts more likely to be
Myth.
You. Please be the Fearless Girl in the WH in 2020!!
the bedroom.  ladies, do not let that man rollover until he returns the favor.  Ya feel me?  #SexismInTheBedroom

The White House.
Law Enforcement!
