White supremacy and neo-Nazism have no place in America. Domestic terrorism like this cannot be tolerated.
I know we are better than this, but we must all speak out against this hate. Silence is not an option.
You are a liar Madam and unfit to serve the great state I live in. @POTUS  he's been very vocal from the start In speaking out against hate.
I was downtown on 9/11. Were you?
What about pictures of national guard shooting up detroit?
Ok.
So nobody showed you pictures of Ferguson, Baltimore, Berkeley or the attempted assassination of Cong Scalise; Democrats are so uninformed
How about 9-11?
Dear Senator, then I'm glad you're not my age.
But then seeing so many young innocent Black men gunned down on video has been horrific. It has to stop.
Obviously you paid no attention to the pictures from @StandingRock JUST LAST YEAR.
Ever seen any footage from 9-11-2001?
Not me. I'm 57. I grew up in Alabama. I thought all that was over, until Trump.
Not over, it's just been hidden and festering ever since "Civil Rights" became law. Alabama's Southern League has been growing!
And why, pray tell, are there air quotes around civil rights in your tweet?
The rise of fascism in our country along with racism of this Breitbart level is something I thought I would never see.
ALL protesters know what is going to happen. It was both sides fault for the deaths that happened. Not me , you or the President. Only them
Where were you when that young girl was beaten in the head and over a 100 thousand in damages were caused by leftists? Hypocrisy is ugly.
Then you haven't been paying attention. Antifa have been using violence to suppress free speech for over a year. 100s of thousands in damage
Then you are blind
What about the image of you bringing the fake rape accuser to the State of the Union?  Go away already.
What about this picture ....I think this was ALOT worse  weren't you an Adult then?
Me too 
Here's mine
Remember  Kent State?????
You must not have seen the burnings in
L.A. and Baltimore et-al. Leftist hyperbole!
Nah, Ferguson and Baltimore were way worse...only blacks were doing it so it was called justice!
look in the mirror of your life & see how u suck as a representative of the people
Why are guns, rifles allowed at marches/rallies/protests? That makes no sense, and I'm curious if it played any role in the police planning
It's now happening in Seattle. Let's stop calling them alt-right and call them what they are white supremacist Nazis.
Then you haven't been watching the obama Muslim ring
Where were you during the riots in Ferguson Mo.  Did they round up al of the people who destroyed property and prosecute hell no.
Wow I would expect a youngster to say that! The war on drugs,9/11 Dillon roof etc
Come March with US!
To Kirsten Filling and I am 83 yrs. Old and remember before civil rights laws were passed.I will go to my grave fighting AGAINST THIS.NEVER
I am 83 years old 
Remember before civil rights laws were passed
NEVER AGAIN!!!!
Trump needs to be removed now!
Worse than 9/11? That's an interesting thing to say
C'VILLE strong today.
This is the fault of @realDonaldTrump corrupt family regime & @GOP Congress We must oust this abomination from @WhiteHouse by any means
You don't remember the Baltimore riots or Los Angeles riots?? SMH
Kent State massacre was no picnic either.
Things are only going to get worse, since @POTUS refuses to denounce white supremacy-my bad-his personalized touch-to this travesty.
And #ferguson ?!?
They have been here forever, believe me I'm from the south.. The #OrangeAgent has their back .
I haven't seen stuff like this since the '60s/'70s.
And these people call themselves Christians?  Makes me wonder what church teaches these hate values.
Then U will stand up with other Congressional members and call 4 Trumps removal correct because that the only thing that will be acceptable
Your country seems to have gone back in time....
As bad as they are they do not compare with images from the South during the 60's or the lynch mobs of the past 300.
Hello, OKC BOMBING ring a bell! Another radical!
I kept going back to Kent State in my mind
What's really frightening to me is knowing that cult followers would  be fine if not  for to be their dictator in chief, #ITMFA
I've never in a million years would've guessed that in 2017 instead of looking towards the future a lot of want to drag us back to 50s
What about the image of BLM killing Dallas Cops?  Does that make your top 5???
We aren't better than this.  This is our history.  Call this out as the norm so we know what we are fighting
Police actions against residents of Ferguson? Baltimore? Hope they rank up there.
Your young you'll see more just wait
WTF how about Standing Rock?
Were you an adult in 2005?
in America, but how about what You sanctioned in Libya?
@marcylauren I lived civil rights, Vietnam war protests, women rights, gay rights movements. Closest 2 civil war I've seen.
You missed it because you ignored other voices like Standing Rock #WaterIsLife Ferguson #BlackLivesMatter Your silence permitted #cville
@markos I'm older than you..I've seen worse..but, all is unacceptable !!
did you miss ferguson, baltimore, nyc? hate and violence is not limited to one group of people
And Ferguson? Both are wrong
They are #terrorists and should be dealt with as such.  #Charlotteville
At least since Berkeley Ferguson Baltimore and the woman's march for no reason
you didn't see the riots of 60's and 70's then
What about your whole life. 9/11 ?
do you see images of what happened on sept 11 2001? how about New Orleans and Katrina? Pearl Harbor? Civil war? OK City bombing? Columbine?
L.A. riots...
...mom be quiet or they'll shoot you too!...never ever forget
I still hear them in my head even though I wasn't really there, " please tell me you did NOT just kill boyfriend!!!"
For me, it is these men serving as advisors in the White House.
Ferguson, Mike Brown, Philando...help me out Twitter. Any other American televised violence that haunts you daily?
...She calls it what it is, domestic terrorism. Attacking her over other things is divisive and not helping. Sorry. 
People, PLEASE stay in the HERE and NOW. There've been horrific things that have happened, her tweet says "some" of the worst...1/
This should not be happening in our time. But it is. It is a sign of things to come.
And it will only get worse if he doesn't clearly denounce & punish them. #ImpeachTrumpNow or democracy is over. Ppl are tired of this hate!!
I remember Kent state and dem. Convention in Chicago.
Can we have a "Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions" of anyone that give these dead-enders a platform?
I am angry and heartbroken. My step father and uncle didn't fight the Nazis to have them roost here at home.
Not surprising though looking at all the hate generated against HRC last year as well as minorities & Muslims.
@AshleyJudd 9/11 comes to my mind. Hate was definitely present from all sides in Charlottesville. Death of innocents on 9/11
You must not have been around for the civil rights movement • before then slavery • during those days beheading, hanging ETC
Both of these Leftist "elitist" are incoherently virtue signaling after they supported their warmonger President Obama! For example: Manbij!

You must've been under a rock in '94.
Guess you missed the Crown Heights riots, eh?   Was that the year of your high school prom at the segregated emma willard school?
Don't get out much? Looked like every other Antifa or BLM event. It has been happening for awhile now.
And this is the America.
Senator, you have had a sheltered adult life.
Please:  #DOSOMETHING #ENOUGH
Too young for Kent State???
Wake up stop living in a balloon BLM has been bullhorning this message about ur so called America
The senator wrote "some of the worst". Why not unify instead of calling her out?
Live longer you'll c worst stroll through white America history right in Oregon state just 1 state! at emmit till. All 50 US states is hate
I respect you and your conviction but this statement implies you haven't been fully paying attention. Do better. Get new glasses
Savages
