The evangelicals aren't helpIng u know the crazy lying far rt wingers that r truly false prophets spewing their hatred on women LGBT
And you're doing *what* exactly?
Well, 45 & Sessions want to go back to the days of separate water fountains & bathrooms. May as well start with women first. #The50'sSucked
We all benefit directly from having women treated equally
If the "care" for any group is more expensive than another "group" ... why wouldn't that "group" expect to pay more ?
Even Trump supporter should agree with this. Or maybe they love giving away their money to the rich.
#GetInsuranceOut and #GetBigPharmaOut of my doctor's wallet. Insurance companies are interfering with my healthcare! #MedicareForAll
We should actually just get rid of insurance companies
Insurance is a personal money-making scheme, they prodice nothing and yet recieve vast sums of money.
Your position on BDS is immoral.
Make men pay for viagra if women rates go up.
We should not go back to days when insurance companies could discriminate based on pre-existing medical conditions
Agreed! Pre #Obamacare , InsCo considered women=preExisting condit. could deny policies for previousPreg,Miscarriage,Infertility,CSection
This is a problem with the insurance model. Expanding the current Medicare system to all is the most sensible fix.
Will you publicly pledge to refuse campaign contributions from insurance corporations? Or will you accept their money no matter what?
Gillenbrand's insurance industry donors are all in life insurance; Massachusetts Mutual, Guardian Life, New York Life, Metlife, etc.
In other words...Why are you attempting to associate her with something she has not done? A bit disingenuous, no?
What's your point? They are not insurance companies. You attempted to associate her with health insurance companies.
https://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/contrib.php?cycle=Career&cid=N00027658 … Also Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan, Citigroup and Pfizer
I never said health insurance specifically, was just pointing out how much corporate money she takes
Are there any politicians who don't take corporate money? Serious question
@SenSanders doesn't
Google is at your fingertips.
Try it.
Or dump you because they have a lifetime cap on you and don't want to pay for life saving treatment...
Horrible!
#WeShouldNeverGoBackToTheDays when 
#CongressCouldMakeWomenPayMore for 
#HealthInsuranceForCongress
#ServitudeShouldBeVoluntary
#Always
I agree, but eliminate abortion and contraceptives. If women want to kill their unborn let them pay for the privilege or become moral.
If men never had sex with women other than their wives (be MORAL) there'd be practically no abortions. Stop judging
Great conclusion. My thoughts restated  exactly. Thanks for the help.
No, your thoughts are shaming women who get pregnant, not the men who knock them up. Their morals are just fine I guess
No , I'm shaming those that are having the child mutilated killed for their own conveniences
So true
And pay them less than men for the same work when they were employees, also because of their gender.
We should also never go back to a time when women die from back alley abortions #mybodymychoice
Or completely deny coverage or offer only junk insurance policies to those with pre-existing conditions
What are you talking about? Give us some context for that statement. Give us the link to that info. Is there a reason women pay more?
It is amazing to me when men refuse to pay for women's care.  They do know who gave birth to them, their children, right?
gillibrand is full of shit. Folks need to see politicians use these bullshit quotes to pit us against each other. They r the enemy. WTFU!
Didn't think women paid more as they usually live longer. Usually ins. Co rely on just statistics, bean counters. #keepatitsengillibrandtho
You're confusing life insurance with health insurance. Pres Trump did the same thing recently.
But wouldn't the same theory apply to heAlth ins? #samereasoningno ?
Women cost more than men in the health market, mainly because of child birth which costs 30,000-50,000.
OK, I get it now
Don't worry you keep going and no one will have any health care
More identity politics! It's helpful for Trump. Thank you!!
insurance companies need o be prohbited from BUYING senators!
Should men pay more for car insurance because of their gender????
The important thing is federal funding subsidises across genders, in serving a fundamental right. (2/2)
#Kirsten2020
NEVER go back to the days when InsCo would deny women policies due to previousPreg,Miscarriage,CSection,Infertility
Esp considering we make less money than men. So sick of discrimination. John Lennon was right, "woman is the ni**er of the world." 
Pricing differences do not stem from gender discrimination, but more on grounds of the risk a specific gender poses on average. (1/2)
Kristen, women are a sex class, not a gender identity. We are not going to take push back from the trans activists on what defines a woman.
The only way to change this way of thinking is to have more women in office.
Why were male s considered the default sex for basing deductions. Why not women be the default and men can add on prostate and ED/low T.
..with their fukn beer bellys and moobs

If an all male senate takes decisions and females don't unite regardless of the party, we might go back to the stone age
Men are charged more for auto
Thank you Senator!
#criminals can torture and  harrase ppl for years, you r worth more dead then alive. This is #bad- very bad. Plz change this.
We should have an international data base of WHO has life ins policies on ppl. I was told anyone can take out a Life policy on anyone.
Or because of their age. Or because they wanted to keep their doctor.
Do you represent your male constituents at all? Are you working to ban actuarial science? I'd love lower auto and life insurance rates.
Are you against men paying more for auto insurance? Have you legitimately never heard of actuarial science? Do facts matter?
Maybe we need a sin tax placed on men for each instance of carnal knowledge. To, you know, compensate.
That's insane! Women live longer than men and are generally more healthy!
Taking underwriters out of the process is what helped drive the costs crazy.  Do your homework, please.
And we shouldn't make grandma & nuns pay for insurance they don't need either. You and your Obamacare fools did that
..sitting in your ivory tower immune to the rest of us poor suckers just trying to pay the mtg.SHUT UP!  So sick of your phoney "compassion"
We all know what @realDonaldTrump thinks of women.
Duh.
that never happened moron!
Bcse of their split men r jealous of women precious gift from God 2 bare/bring a human race n2 this ugly ! A man can't b born w/o her!
It's not bc gender; it's bc of statistics. That's why life ins is more for smokers and men. It's math not discrimination
You aren't allowed to use facts because that is mean
ACA made $90 w/ins bc I must take for a health condition FREE. Thanks @BarackObama
When profit is more important than lives we have lost our morals
Women aren't going to have health insurance.  Haven't you heard?
... Yes, and no one cares...     #womenandchildrenfirst
@notatrumpfan15 ... Thanks #Watson ...
Sad misogynistic fact highlighted by the election of a sexual predator. The entire GOP health care com excluded women from the process.

What we should not do is pander to people based on race or gender. Do some real work Kristen, the hard work that might make you unpopular.
We couldn't agree more!
Fear Monger
SENATOR THAT'S WHY WE SHOULD UNITE BOTH PARTIES AND WORK ON A BILL! IT WILL TAKE TIME !BUT THIS WAY WE ARE NOT FORCED INTO A SITUATION!
I think if being a woman = -heath for premiums, it should also count as-health for disability qualifications 
Counter the socio-sexual politics of "poor women have to lower their standards" 
Sofia Vergara, 45, Poses Completely Nude https://youtu.be/36MY-p164pw  @CalzhyRTs @HyperRTs
@ShoutGamers @DNR_CREW @Agile_RTs @Quickest_Rts
Pay for the care you require. No more. No less.
Eliminate/ Limit middleman pimping 'insurance companies!

People are not Cars or Property which should have insurance

Streamline!
That's not all she also takes money from foreigners. Lots of money
All men in my family pay for healthcare for the female members so quit generalizing. Also if you cared about health so much, explain this
the saddest thing is that this even needs to be said.
If they go to the doctor more bc of medical issues that cause more medical treatment. The more you go the more you pay is wrong?
Do you have proof women go to the doctor more, or have more medical issues than men? That's a reach.
But cover Viagra completely as a necessity.
What we should do is cut the insurers out of basic care & start to control costs at the source: hospitals and providers

#likesmixednuts  With health insurance companies in such disarray -- it might make a lot of sense to go to Single Payer, at least for now. 
Our senator hard at work for ALL Americans. We will not allow healthcare for women to return to the past. Understand GOP!!
Should pay on services needed
Why is it such a hard concept to understand? If you use more, you pay more! Just like an accident w/ car ins. Risk = more $
& it's always men making the decision on women's healthcare, since when did they grow a vagina.
Motherhood not kill and flush
Plus it is the insurance carriers who decided a person could not keep plan and doctors not aca
Or to the days when people w/pre-existing conditions couldn't get affordable health insurance.
Agreed! Pre #Obamacare , InsCo considered women=preExisting condit. could deny policies for previousPreg,Miscarriage,Infertility,CSection
Stop the sexist talk you will be better served by speaking of jobs in America your distract is one of the poorest in the state get to work
Newsom-Gillibrand 2020
Single payer Medicare for all.  Now is the time for Democratic Senators to introduce this legislation.
Every day with this administration we get closer to this dystopian "fiction".
 #MedicareForAll
These douchebags arw in charge 
