No boss is denyin access to birth control. If women don't want others in their sex lives don't ask others to pay for it. Take responsibility
Insurance inclusion isn't asking anyone to pay for it.
I don't think you understand how insurance plans work. It's grouped money paying for shit. You're not paying for ins. to get birth control.
When your health insurance covers something, everybody together is paying for it.
As women are paying for a lot of things that we don't need. Men and society benefit when women have Affordable birth control.
This kid is still dating with condoms. He has no idea what he is talking about.
This old woman thinking she needs anything more than her profile picture for birth control is laughable.
Aw, and there it is, the frat boy mentality that attacks a woman's age and looks to denounce her as a human being. You are being blocked now
Can't this be somehow framed as a HIPAA violation? What are all these non-medical people doing in someone's private medical business anyway?
No HIPAA violation, discussing it here is voluntary disclosure. Make it political and you make it public.  What's the big secret anyhow?
I work in the medical field. The employer being aware of an employee's use of birth control ir anything else is a violation of the HIPAA act
Glad you brought that up, new talking point with my older sister and Mom, both of them are nurses
And your point is?  Employers don't want to know of you have it they just don't want to fuckin pay for ur irresponsibility when you have sex
Was just saying that it's a new thing to talk about with two of my family members who would be affected by it. No need to be rude
Let those effected learn to get by with fewer freebies.  Wasn't rude just emphasizing a point about personal responsibility
I suppose when you have two kids and multiple issues with your body like my sister you would sing a different tune
But they are also defunding those same clinics who offer women affordable/free BC. So no solution.
Another way to discriminate against female employees.
Why is it so wrong to have paid leave? Many other countries have it. What makes us so different?
Left to capitalism, hospitals treat the poor &people will scavenge but doctors, nurses, patient advocacy groups agree: ACA is good law.
Sen. Gillibrand is right in her Oct 11 tweet. Tere is no more important issue than the right to privacy
No other person but self should give the right to choose concerning health issues. Why happened to Hippa!
Please allow the GI Bill to pay schools va IBAN and Swift Codes. Not every bank has Routing numbers and many schools do not accept checks.
It has reduced abortions significantly. Ah, but conservatives don't really care about that, "pro life" is just a political cudgel for them.
And when maternity care is not covered, then what?
We both know the answer to that. More guns! And if that doesn't clear things up, there is always for-profit prisons!
Me too, but as the Christian Right and white supremacists gain power, the world will be a whole lot less female power friendly.
No one is denying anyone anything.  Buy it yourself.
I'd take attitude when parochial schools compete w/public schools &receive public money that should go to public schools. Pay 4 it yourself.
Yes, they should. It's an ASO - an employer should have the right to carve out anything they'd like; they're footing 100% of the bill.
No they are not. Employees pay into the pot also; even at companies that pay full premium, the employee still pays copays, coinsurance, etc.
Mandate states no cost-share for 1 of 18 FDA approved contraceptives IIRC.
And you still have some kind of cost share for the doctor's appointment to get any medical contraceptive. So ...
No. There is no cost share when prescribed during a patients annual preventive exam, which themselves do not have a cost-share.
I have no clue why is any of their business
No one should have control of what a woman does with her body especially the government a woman’s body is her own no one else’s #resist45
You don't have to kill anybody to prevent unwanted pregnancy...Just a little intelligent forethought...foam & condom.
Don't make religious organizations pay for it.  There's a reason religious freedom is the first amendment.  Pay for it with federal dollars
Religious organizations r already exempt and have been
I should have used better terminology.  I also meant to include closely held businesses with owners that have religious convictions.
Your boss's religion shouldn't determine your healthcare.This is why Medicare for all increases personal freedom.For both bosses & employees
No boss is denying your right to birth control you partisan HACK...you pay for what you need...or like your mouth...keep your legs closed
Cvs is open to everyone regardless of employer....
Missing the point. Access includes the ability to pay. The poor can't afford it.
Why we mad at employers and not cvs? They the ones charging...
A boss shouldn't get to decide people's health insurance, period. Single payer/Medicare for all is economic freedom. #singlepayer #medicare
IT GETS WORSE
If only Trumps mother had birth control
Thank you Senator!!!
Political  weapon, impossible to resolve, pure heart string manipulation. Not Pro-life without compassion for the living. Divide/Conquer.
Then we have to change a system that relies on employer-provided health insurance.
It is a taxpayer  issue ,Buy your own stuff!
Just stop viagra
JUST LIKE NO #WOMAN SHOULD B SUBJECTED 2 #SexualPredators N THE #WorkPLACE
#WomansCHOICE
IF WE #STRIKE #MEN WON'T KNOW WHAT HIT 'EM
If my employer doesn't buy me a new car, are they deciding my access to one. If so I agree with you!
Do you understand that women having access to birth control lowers health insurance premiums?
Not the point. Liberals describe paying for birth control as access, which is BS. by that definition I don't have access to a lot!
Would you prefer to live in the country with affordable health insurance and less unwanted babies or the one which doesn't give access to BC
Do you mean one where employers/insurance companies are forced to pay for birth control or one where they don't but access is at a pharmacy?
Employers will pay less if their plan covers birth control and insurance companies r not forced, they want women to take birth control.
Yes again my issue is the word access... Total BS. Secondly if it is against their religion they shouldn't have to.
But why should the religion of someone determine the medical needs of others? Doesn't make sense to me
Buy your own birth control. Why should we have to pay for it.
What?? Any woman can pay for birth control. Not expensive. No boss wants to be involved with birth control. Progress means “free”? Come on!
Keep fighting - on everything. What we are experiencing is disastrous. I support your fight.
Or health care in general when they don't have to use it, don't do town halls & have donors affecting every decision Mrs. Gillibrand, ma'am.
You call killing babies progress, shame on you how do you sleep at night. This is not about women’s health it’s about birth control.
In 2017 nobody, other than a woman and her doctor, should decide on that woman's access to birth control.
Senator, you give me hope ♡
Please keep standing up for women’s healthcare!!!
#WomenBoycottTwitter
What is wrong with them using planned parenthood birth control instead of forcing employer to pay for it. Isn't that what they do
You could always buy your own. Or get the guy to wear a condom
Go to your private  doctor get a prescription go to drug store & buy it
@HillaryClinton @MichelleObama 
1)I am too and I will be happy when women realize the "biggest roll back" for Womankind occurred on November
2)November 8th, 2016. This was when the Koch Brothers, the GOP, Trump and Russia STOLE THE ELECTION from @HillaryClinton and INSTALLED a
4)in History. Women should be fucking furious and protesting to challenge the BOGUS RESULTS that gave Trump the Electoral College Win.
5)Love, like or hate Hillary, just remember; the great achievement for one Woman (like becoming POTUS) is an advanced for all Women!
6)When Women can put aside their petty judgement and misogynistic thinking we will be able to develop a genuine Sisterhood of Women.
7)Once this happens we will advanced  forward by leaps and bounds!
So how about helping people instead of enacting more laws to pretend you are helping or care. Huh???
Its called discipline Kirsten! Birth control is not an issue with responsible relations. Its only with the irresponsible...your vote base
Do something about it!!!
How's hanging with the prez working 4 U?
I'm sick of you relentlessly calling the murder of unborn babies "women's health" & making me pay for it!
We do get to choose whether or not you get to make the REST OF US pay for it. Sorry no, you're being a duplicitous ass
Precisely! Women should take 100% responsibility for their own birth control, and for having sex. Not all women are retarded.
Okay, Senator, why should an employer be FORCED to pay for birth control?
So not wanting, as an employer, to have to PAY for birth control is WRONG?
Thank you Senator Gillibrand for always fighting for our rights. It is greatly appreciated by me.
We need to not provide incentive for bastard children.Stop incentive welfare payouts based on volume.
You are correct they should never be in the position to subsidize lifestyle choices.
I'm sick of White Women giving GOP the power to control our bodies.
What bosses interfere with a woman's access to buy her own birth control?
Wondering if Melania uses birth control.
We’re sick of it too! Go get em Senator, we are with you!
Uh, women will still have 'access' to BC. Even in the rare cases an employer decides not to cover it, women can pay for it themselves.
No government should compel it's citizens to violate their moral ethics
Not rolling back progress, just who gets to pay for it....
Time to #ImpeachTrump #25thAmendmentNow
https://twitter.com/Kacy1000/status/918152004391854080 …
No birth control + no abortion = punishing women for having sex, degrading us into baby-making machines
And add in that the men in Congress want to make maternity care coverage optional in states, so we can't afford to have babies either.
Your birth control is at the same place it’s always been. At the pharmacy. Get a grip no ones taking away your b/c access.
No boss should get to decide anything about health care #MedicareForAll is the answer
You can change history -  invoke the 25th Senator.
That’s because no boss should be paying for people’s healthcare anyway, birth control or otherwise...it’s the job of the state.
So you call killing babies progress and making some one else pay for it?
Me too.
So go start kicking all who propose this crap in the "jewels". How about we take away viagra? Make it the same and see how the tune changes
In a decent world, this wouldn't even be a question.
Plans aren’t required to cover... services for male reproductive capacity, like vasectomies. Men are denied access to BC too

This is NOT 1917. Birth control is NOT abortion. If you are against abortion, you should be for BC as a way to  unwanted conception.
We aren’t restricting access dummy. Just now I don’t have to pay for it
So weird for an Aussie with a universal healthcare program - Medicare - funded by a 2% levy on taxable income. No cost for low incomes.
Luckily here we are giving FP to all mothers and girls minus such hassles of the T-Administration
Perhaps some shoes should get taken off and start flying and I think you know what I mean.
. @SenGillibrand I hope that every "man" outraged by an insurance co paying 4 medicine ends up having multiple children they have to pay for
You're right, in 2017 women should be readily allowed to buy their own birth control when it's being used as such...wait...
I worked for a fortune 50 company in 199 who didn't cover birth control. I was shocked and confused by this. In 2017 to have this again???
Another assault on women.... when will this ever stop!
Ok... you want to control getting pergnant, then you have all the means and right to do so. Why force others to do so?
Amen 2 that!
Still holding out for, "In 2017 no woman should decide whether her child lives or dies. I'm sick of relentlessly calling murder 'progress'."
Owners
No boss gets to decide...All women have the freedom to pay for their own healthcare...just like the rest of us.  Welcome to equal rights!
That’s the dumbest statement I’ve ever heard! @SenGillibrand Women are so much smarter than you give them credit for! Repeal the ACA!!!
Employers don't pay for anything. Consumers of their products pay for everything. Why should this consumer pay for your bc? Wasn't my fun.
Oh please A woman can and Will spend hundredson makeup- I think a woman can cough up9 for contraceptives.
Help me fund change!!
Could that “progress “be the over 1 million abortions a year ?
How about buying your own condoms, IUD or diaphragm and stop asking your employer to pay so you can screw freely.  Personal responsability?
Please keep fighting for us.
@winterthur  Tap into times 4 access latent vetting! Pink Tissue destruction #Trump Exec order #Health Bill? Stay Calm!
@winterthur  House of Shards Pay Equity...Health Equity offset defense Blue pill bill!
TRUE THAT! I am not a baby machine!
You mean, no man!
No one is going to let bosses decide a woman's access to birth control.  You know that perfectly well, and say what you know is false.
My boss doesn't buy me condoms.... how does that get changed? I'm married so I don't have sex as much as I used to. Shouldn't be 2 expensive
This is what you are all about....getting taxpayers to pick up the bill for those who are morally bankrupt.
U want to get the enjoyment of sex then u pay for the birth control. The same for abortions. Have as many abortions u like except pay for them yourself don't ask taxpayers to pay for ur hobbies.
No boss is.  She can take her hard earned money and go buy it.  This is one stupid comment.
And too much work.
Tomorrow or antil next week. Am gonna ask my bos refer.
Especially when most bosses are (STILL) men.
I can't stay in Tresury(BEP).I am sick.
Thank you Senator, tired of the others making decisions with my tax dollars and decisions!
Are you tired @dawnmcarpenter? Me too! I'm work like a slaver
If she buys it on her own, the boss can't decide that. If she cannot afford it, is she really mature enough to be in an adult relationship?
They don’t! Do you have a problem with women paying for their IUDs or BCPs? As a taxpayer why should I pay for reproductive choices?
That's the purpose of insurance. We all pay for things we may not need. I don't need viagara or prostate screenings but they are covered.
me too Senator, me to. 

This isn't about access it's about greed and depravity. If you respected women you wouldn't be pushing bc. You're lowering women to objects
Me too
You have equal rights. You have the right to purchase and to use.  I have the right to not pay for your purchase.  Equal rights
Bosses would not decide a women’s access to birth control.  The issue is $$ — she can pay for her own birth control.
That stuff is available really cheaply at Walmart.
employee shouldn’t be allowd force boss do something against their relig belief Sick of your relentl att to force your belief on evryone els
Why should it be free?  And it's only a few bucks a month anyway?
Nobody is restricting anyone access. We shouldnt pay for someone else's decision to use birth control. You shouldn't pay for my cable bill
If I don’t pay for your dinner, have I blocked your access to food?
You're OK with the killings in Chicago but you wanna kill on born children b*******
Women's, kids' families' health counts too. That's why we must #shutdownCPV! Please bring yr compassion & leadrshp to the cause ! #stopESU
This has become reality because ours is a nation of prigs and prudes. Important that progressive states like NY NJ CT etc maintain character
