.@FLOTUS @DaraZaneScully "Being your First Lady is the honor of a lifetime. From the bottom of my heart, thank you. -mt"
@POTUS I miss you already.  Please enjoy your much deserved vacation.  My thanks to you, your family, and your lucky husband.  Love.
You and @POTUS deserve better than to be followed by a know-nothing white supremacist. You are the best of us.
thank YOU!!
You will be sorely missed!!!!  Nothin' but love to you and your family.
you ,,,Mr,and family ,,,always ,,the best,,I hope see you ,,,,

And you being our first lady has been excellent as we are about to have a trollop.
@POTUS Thank you for being the most wonderful President and First lady, you brought class, honor, Love and dignity to our country...
@POTUS The two of you are examples of who and what I aspire to be! FLOTUS YOU WILL BE MISSED! You are such an inspiration. #goals
you will be missed so, so hard.
Thank YOU for representing us so honorably.  Looking forward to what the future brings you and your wonderful family.
@POTUS What a pitty! Fakenews dot com
Thank you and bless you and your family
we will miss you!
Thank you  For  All  that  you  Have  http://Done.you   will  be  miss
thanks for your hard work on behalf and our country.
We will miss both of you!  You have charm, wit, grace and truly care for the American people.

You are a woman with class.  That is going to be sorely missed in the White House. Thank you for 8 classy years.
thank you Michelle for inspiring us every day, and going high even when it must be so, so difficult

Again Mr. or Mrs. Joem, if you're gonna post a meme in the comments section find a good one.


claro que usted supo ganarse el afecto de todos gracias por ser como es y bendiciones a toda su familia los vamos extrañar gracias
@POTUS thanks for leaving. Now bye

LOVE YOU . You are an example of integrity, love, positivism and loyalty. Thank you MO!  God bless you always.
you are perfect never change
WE LVED you as our first lady, but We need you now more than ever! Mrs O Please run against this in 2020 -> 
Love you
Thank you Ms O for your grace, energy and your voice We will miss you 
@POTUS Thank you please stay in touch you will always be my President and First Lady and America First  couple hope to meet you one
Mrs. O! It feels like I'm losing a friend! You've been an incredible representative for the US! Best to you & yours! #FlotusForPotus
@VanJones68 finally proud of the country since it put you up for 8 years huh?
Now why did u have 2 make me cry! Thank u 4 your service and 4 being such a great role model 4 my soon 2 be 16 year old daughter.
Thank you FLOTUS 
thank u for your grace, kindness, intelligence n inner &a outer beauty; u will b missed.
@POTUS Michelle Obama President 2020 possibly?
@WhiteHouse BYE !!!  
you are a true American treasure. Thank you for everything especially keeping kids fit and healthy. We owe so much to you
You and your husband have been nothing but class since I first saw you enter the gates of the white house. Thank you both!
Drugs, ISIS, weakness, debt!! Blah Blah! True president coming tomorrow!! Stop being an emotional, weak man!
love trumps trump.

Trump stands for Unity. These Idiots are Hateful!
you are clueless and white privileged.
Said the white person
the difference is that i know i have white privilege and will use it to help poc

I like Michelle Obama becuase youre nice
Perfect EXcellent God Bless you
@FOX2News @flotus should be thankful. We spent millions and millions giving her the best vacations money can buy!
You are mistaken, the records he’s breaking are stock market, job creation, unemployment decline. I’m a business owner and instead of fighting over jobs my competitors and I are fighting for employees. Much better problem to have.
You need to lay the pipe down because you are hallucinating! About the dumbest thing I’ve heard in a long time! Lifting Obama’s choking regulations was the beginning!
You black African
still missing you smile
We miss you. Happy Birthday!

So glad you are done. Thank the LORD
Michael Obama "first tyranny"
Never saw this pic. It is beautiful. Request permission to blow it up and out on my wall.
I miss you and Barak so much in the WH    :(
Martin luterking serait  très  fière  de vous deux .
Um comporta ou nao
You & that thing you married are the single biggest disaster in USA history.  Please, just go away you pos.
Happy birthday!
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD.....YOU ARE NOT A WOMAN!!!!! STOP your BS!!!!!!!

Glad you're gone! Good riddance!
#foreverfirsttranny
Missing you and your family always,  the Best possible POTUS and FLOTUS  in my lifetime,  around the same age and have an extremely strong Moral Compass, something that is missing and desperatly needed again.
@POTUS44 Good! now go away!
I've been honored to have you as my first lady. I'm a published author and would like to bless you with a copy of my book that I believe you will enjoy. It's a 314 page memoir entitled Tell The Truth and Shame the devil, the Untold Story of a Pastor's Wife. Please let me know how
You did a great job.
make sure to follow @FLOTUS44 & @POTUS44 to keep getting the Obamas tweets!
I will try to be respectful (sigh)..God bless Barack and Michelle and family-I really like them better now in my rear view mirror
You are the epitome of grace and class! You make me so proud! You're my idol!

Thank you Michelle, you are amazing
@BobbyKaple u have probably been the classiest first lady.  Sad 2 know that class just left the White House.  Plz run 4 President.
@POTUS44 love you guys.
@POTUS44 to the Obama family - you are missed! XO
I love this photo and I love you ?
Be our 46th President!  Please!
example for generations to come

thank you!
you will be greatly missed
More of an honor for us to have had you for a 1st lady. THANK YOU. You are a special lady.
I have seen in schools how much you've contributed to make kids select healthy food choices. It is a success!
1.1 million likes..
I THINK YOU ARE A MAN AND SO DOES JOAN RIVERS. WHAT HAPPENED TO REV. WRIGHT AND OBAMA'S BOYFRIEND?
From the bottom of my heart, thank you for being such a beautiul, gracious, elegant, wonderful hostess.of the White House. 
The former first couple shares an awkward hug over the ginormous white phallus that's haunted their balcony for the last 8 years.
You both belong @ GITMO!!!
good woman's day
@NormaniKordei te amo
bless you. Xoxo
#obama #BarackObama
@Mooncatadams we will miss you. You embody everything little girls dream of becoming someday. Thank you
@POTUS44 
thank you thank you thank you. I'm crying as I write this. You will always be our First Lady
please come back!!!!!!! We need you. We never wanted you to go. You are still our first lady and Mr. Obama is still our president.
You are NOT replaceable either!! You were an excellent First Lady!! We miss you BOTH!!!
we love you and will miss u.  The classiest first lady ever, no one can top you!
You'll be missed everyday as our first lady. God bless you⚘⚘
thank we will miss you so munch you done so munch to us all!
You and your family are such Beautiful people and we never had a better first family ...You have made history so Great...U r Loved
I LOVE YOU MICHELLE
thank you for everything you've ever done for all of us. i love and appreciate and respect and admire you.
grateful heart
Glad you are GONE Michael Obama!
"For the first time, I am proud of my Country' #FLOTUS44 90 Million in family vactions socked to the taxpayers!
@POTUS44 thank you both for the effort, actions, sacrifice. Hoping your transition as civilians is a peaceful and fulfilling one

@Andrew_Rucker_
i love my parents 
You shall be missed!
Thank You!
@LanaParrilla
only if I can go to sleep for the next 4 years ..you have been the best and all ways be the best
Mrs. Obama.... You have my vote
Thank you so much for your class, style, caring heart, sense of humor and cultural acknowledgement!!
Mr Obama is a gentleman.
No, THANK YOU!

NO DON'T LEAVE
love you and your family so much.
you are an inspiration to many as a family, though Barack is obviously an uber nerd.
wow. I was the one millionth to like this tweet!!!
Thank you for all the little love and positive inspiration you gave us!
@NormaniKordei ily
@rochelleriley Thank you and bless you for being an inclusive public figure ... and a cool lady. All good things to you.
Thank  you  for  being  a wonderful  role  model  for  all  of  the  young  ladies
A global #inspiration for all people everywhere @FLOTUS44 Hope once had time to relax/breathe/play you will continue #socialtransformation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upm2x5Dn4DQ …

Thank you. Come to South Texas and have some barbacoa and Big Red!
@POTUS44  thank you.  I can't express it all but just thank you #greatest1stlady #capricorn
THANK YOU @FLOTUS44 @POTUS44
You're still my POTUS....God Bless you and your family!
Come home you two...this is for my Chicago girl
Chrys let's get the intro going my friend
No, thank YOU!
@POTUS44 The true honor was having you as our country's role models. Your grace, dignity and love for this country will be missed
good luck to you
Always by President Obama have a good life Grace w
We (sane) Americans Miss You So Much
I love you and POTUS and will always be here to support you both however I can #ThankYouObama #CantStopCrying
the honor was all ours
#GoodRiddance to you and Barry both!
We love you back! #TheObamas
wouldn't follow this lady for nothing
 Enjoy your hard-earned family vacation! You have been an incredible First Lady and I can't wait to see what you do next.
Yes I'm crying for joy.Phony president,phony family,put there to destroy our country.
Wow long life for you
Thank http://you.Now  you will have lots of time to dedicate to the beautiful girls!Farewell Mr. and Mrs.Obama well wishes
@LanaParrilla we love you
thank you from the bottom of my heart for he wonderful person and woman you are. You inspire me to be a better woman every day.
Profoundly miss you- you were an exemplar of pure class and good taste- a luckier version of jackie O
Thank you for being a loving person for the First Lady!! Awesome person!!
Delete 'The First Lady' as ur header. Replace with Michelle Obama. You are NOT 'The First Lady' you are history. Bad history at that.
no one is asking you to read the tweets on this account - take your nastiness somewhere else
Truth hurts doesn't it snowflake. She is NOT 'The First Lady' any longer - its narcissistic and borderline sociopathic. Period.
notice the number 44 after FLOTUS?
Absolutely- that's not my point. She is NOT 'The First Lady' title therefore should read 'Michelle Obama' just like Laura Bush's twitter.
A respectful thank you and sign off, before the 45th president took office so hardly narcissistic or sociopathic
SZ
@TheRealLili2016 LOVEhp
Ohhh, thank you!
THANKShp
I'm literally sobbing
You have blessed us with your grace, dignity, intelligence, character and spunk! I already miss you. Thank you so much. Hugs.
... snowflakes
you created war!!! You are a part of terrorism and America hates u
It's been an opportunity for you. It an honor
Thank you for Wonderful 8 years God Bless You
no we will miss you in my school I am working about you and represent my project to my class of you you both are my fav 
I was barely able to keep it together @POTUS44's speech but lost it at yours. With love, gratitude, and appreciation! <3
michelle2020
we will always support you 
LMMFAO - You mean 1st He/She @POTUS @POTUS44
You are my heroine and I will ever follow your examples of grace and compassion.  When they go low we go high
