This is a bad idea.  Medicare pays all doctors, good and bad, the same amount for services regardless of quality.
What this would do is reward poor quality service and remove any incentive / reward for excellence.
The good doctors will leave practice, maybe migrating to research and we will be left with poor quality service.
This is an EXTREMELY bad idea.
I have worked for 40 years and have paid into Medicare. If you want to give it to persons who never contribute, it will not be there when my children need it.

We will expect that both you and Bernie begin by donating all your savings to begin the funding for this.
It is a service and privilege not a right. Socialist much?
Give the American people the same as what congress gets for the same costs they pay and then all would agree.  #the Congress health plan
Protecting my credit information is a right not a privilege too. Why aren't you addressing #equifaxbreach #EquifaxDataBreach? Why silent?
Still trying to find that in the Constitution or Bill of Rights.  So far, drawing a complete blank.
They need to look at the UK healthcare. New Zealand's healthcare system, in New Zealand it's 45-$55 to see a doctor. It cost $5 prescription, hospital visit and operations are free.The UK is simular even #Trump said about how great the UK heaths system was #healthCare is a RIGHT!
HYPOCRITES!!!  VOTED YOURSELVES OUT OF OBAMACARE.. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE TELL US WHY.  AS IF WE DONT ALREADY KNOW
Wrong.
Join Bernie's struggle against reality! 
Monty Python accurately predicting the insanity of the SJW movement. 

"Its symbolic of his struggle against reality." …
Here is a clue..any insurance you are forced to buy or else you will be penalized for every year you do not sign up after you PAID IN FOR YOUR ENTIRE EMPLOYMENT YEARS during a time when your income is lowest is unjust.
Are you on Medicare? You think it is this wonderful healthcare? I work in appeals and grievances, I do not even know where to begin on why this is not what everyone would want for themselves.
This should be voted by American people that is the problem, we're left out on all these great, (not)plan that you all have and were not asked were told! So we are going to start telling you what to do, that is why your there in DC, so leave, we don't want you! #GoAway
Then all rate will go up for people already paying higher rates, and expensive meds. That's not right either, if you can make it to where the rates don't go up and we all pay the same, fine, but I know that won't happen! Medicare not what it is all cracked up to be!
Make sure you fight for this everyday.
Where's the origin of my debt to you? Where's the origin of your entitlement to my effort?

In the past this was called slavery not progress
Nope wrong
I feel the Bern!

Where in the constitution does it say healthcare is a right???
Well someone's reading Karl Marx again
You just made that up. Try reading the Constitution rather than UN "fact sheets".
Hasn't  your friend Bernie been arrested yet for bank fraud. You politicians are nothing but sleazebags, and you wonder why we voted Trump
Wonder if the Dems plan on using it themselves,it will destroy our healthcare
Check out this explanatory video showing how single payer saves us money, while covering everyone.
Suggest you look at Venezuela and how well that worked out. Or Canada how long it takes to be seen by doctor.
You talking about the same Bernie as the one in the video saying that Medicaid for all will bankrupt us?
Nowhere in the Constitution does it say healthcare is a right. #Medicare aint FREE & only covers 80% 'when' doctors accept it.
So you want to force medical professionals  to provide a service?
For everyone on the planet or just your country?
No. It is not a right
No to govt controlled healthcare. This would be the end of healthcare. Open the market, govt open medication negotiation.
The #VA is a lovely example of how gov't makes people suffer & die when they run something. You're #Insane.
Both of you are out of your mind! Who is going to pay for this new "right"?!
Medicare for all - Goodluck trying to locate the doctor they "assign" to you and even better luck when you receive an EOB denying the claim
Perhaps you'll let us know when you have actual specifics?
Really? I missed that in the Bill of Rights, can you show us where it's written in the Constitution?
I'm so glad to hear that. Thank you for being a co-sponsor and fighting for Medicare for All. No one should be without healthcare.
.... It's not Medicare For All ....
Why are you focusing on this political stunt instead of Graham-Cassidy and protecting ACA?  You are putting politics ahead of people.
http://NO.MONEY .  Every American now owes $65,000 because of your insane spending. Get a grip on it, then talk MORE TRILLIONS
health care is not a right! If you want health care you pay for it.  Make it competitive then all can afford
 Get government out of health
Not at the cost of everyone else.
Its a right if you buy it.  You're asking an insurance company to protect you or you're asking a doctor help you.  Both need to make money.
Awesome! Keep it up! Thank you!
MORE #libtards that are WRONG!!! 
Better 2B thought an IDTenT than 2 open your face gash and remove ALL DOUBT!!!!
Silence B lost on fools!
Anything taken by force or fraud (you're proposing both) is not a Right. By your moronic definition forcing u to buy me a gun is a Right.
Who is paying for it?  The US can barely support the current citizens on Medicare.  #keeptaxing
Bernie abandoned his followers....he let crooked Hillary trick him and He left us behind. I will not support him.
Where in the Constitution does it say that?
Did you even go to school?
Lol goodluck!
Health care or Health insurance?  Not the same.
Oh I thought we were all entitled to Medicare work pay into, turn 65 collect
When will owning a Lamborghini become a right? Sign me up!
Right, because anything you WANT, or think you deserve IS YOURS, by right. What a crock of bullshit. Look up Hill-Burton act, then comment.
Healthcare a right? What makes it a right? If it's said enough times it becomes a "right"? What makes something a right vs not a right?
Thank you!
Way2go to go senator!
Funny, I never found that in our BOR or our Constitution. You make this shit up as you go along don't ya.
"It's a right not a privilege?" Socialism hasn't worked, and I'm not toting the note for someone else's healthcare..leave us out of it!
Where did you come up with that? Filthy politician. Why dont you go to medical or nursing school then offer your work and time for free?
https://plus.google.com/+SheikhMubarak/posts/WSpYBKR13ha …
Healthcare is not a "Right". 

We are responsible for our own well-being. Not a bloated corrupt government.

Read the Bill of Rights.
Healthcare may be a right. But you don't have a right to the resources.
The fuck took you so long, you corporate tool? Nvm I just answered my own question
Aren't you going to throw the F word in a few times?
The USA is a disgrace over health care of its citizens.
Thank you!!
It would be more accurate to say you Believe healthcare Should be a right, since it's clearly not enumerated in the Bill of Rights.
The Constitution is apparently whatever you want it to be.
https://www.amazon.com/Bluetooth-Light-ALECTIDE-Smart-Music/dp/B0746F2PGF/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&qid=1505370915&sr=8-4&keywords=ALECTIDE …
cool bulbs
This is just wrong on so many levels. So government pretty much takes of health care? Umm have you seen the VA?? #HealthCareForAll ? smdh..
You cannot force doctors to give services at the low rates you are willing to pay. You're high if you think quality of care will be the same
If it's a "right" then you'll force doctors to work?  Are health professionals slaves because of their chosen occupation? #socialismsucks
EZ for U who get free healthcare (for the rest of ur lives) to force me to pay for everyone else and pay triple when I'm old n out of work
Remember "well care"? I can't afford it anymore bc I pay for everyone else now
You don't own someone's labor for rights either!
Correct! If you are forced to work for someone else's privelege, well damn! That's called slavery
Well here ya go! Welcome to the selfish, self entitled regressive left era. May we see light on the other side post shit storm of sophistry.
Who's pays? 20 tril in debt govt or those of us who work our a$$e$ off to pay more for less & support deadbeats and illegals?  We pay urs 2!
If that's the case then why is the government doing so poorly with veteran healthcare when they're just a fraction of the entire U.S. pop?
Thank you on behalf of all sufferers of rare diseases
Thank you!
It hasn't worked anywhere why u r such a progressive democratic socialist elitist think that u can do any better
@SenGillibrand when has health care NOT been a right to have in this country? Why do you mince words to push an agenda? You want HC to...
be a gift. It's always been a right.
If healthcare is a right that means u can force someone to provide it if no Dr available you can force someone to be a Dr  is that ur intent
Another example of women straying too far from the kitchen.
Sen. Gillibrand: Good! Please go to the mat for this cause, and *keep going* until the finish line.
Gillibrand, Healthcare is a privilege for the majority ,exceptions like vets,  now where is the money coming from for free health care.
50 % of America contribute nothing to government so again you Democrat pigs want us to fund everything while your voters contribute nothing
No it is NOT. And you calling it a "right" doesn't make it one. #BillOfRights #socialismsucks #singlepayer
Wrong. Health care is something you pay for, like a haircut, or lawn care. Stop being stupid. Join spitting Bernie, he and his wife R losers
Health care isn't even a need, much less a right. How about food clothing & shelter..., are they rights, how about a job comrade Kirsten?
None of that matters when you're dying of cancer.
health care doesn't matter when you're homeless. why doesn't you communists take care of them 1st?  because they don't vote that's why
Life = Health. You can't have one without the other. You're putting cart before the horse. No homes for someone dead from curable condition.
Heath care is a service. You can't have a right to someone else's service. That's slavery
Thank you and fight on!  Chattanooga has your back!
No it is NOT a RIGHT. Life, Liberty and the PURSUIT of happiness could be considered rights and then FOR CITIZENS ONLY! Healthcare - NO.
So taking more of my property to try to give benefits to others is now a "right".

Would you support arming citizens through the treasury?
If you don't know what a "right" is, you should step down. You are not qualified to hold that seat.
Spending other peoples money is the way of the democrats.
SHOW ME IN THE CONSTITUTION
 OR 
BILL OF RIGHTS  

THAT ITS A RIGHT!!!

IT SAY THE PURSUIT OF....

LIBERALS ARE BECOMING PATHETIC!!!
owning  gun is a right too, does that mean I can make you pay for it?

I dont want universal health care! It is not a right!
Do unborn babies have a right to Healthcare?
Not even in the "top 10"
Wrong again
Puh-leeze...show me where it says it is a right. Or are you just ignorant?
NOT A RIGHT
It's a SERVICE, not a right. Nice attempt to force socialized medicine down our throats lady
Thank you.
What Amendment is that, I seemed to have missed it?
If it's a right then it should not be something controlled or provided by the government. #SocialismSucks
Rights are from God not the government.  The only role of government is to protect those rights. It's all right there in Dec of Independence
Just like the VA everyone will be put on an endless waiting list, except for special people like you of course. Senators will have their own
Smart move supporting a lying communist :(
When did it become a right? Do I have a reciprocal to demand that you only do healthy things?
Why is it a right?
So, where were you during the primaries?
You r wrong and it will never work. Good Dr.'s will no longer exist and health care for all will suffer.
Good to hear it!!!!!
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
TELL THE DAMN TRUTH ABOUT ABOUT SINGLE PAYER, WAIT TIMES, RATIONING OF CARE WHEN THE MONEY RUNS OUT, I AM GOING TO PRINT THE TRUTH AND SHARE
Thank you!
False. You're all fucked up
Soooo, who exactly to you force to GIVE healthcare to these people?
Have we learned nothing from "repeal and relpace"?  We won on ACA, so let's improve it!
Haven't you resigned already. You are completely off your rocker. Can someone baker act you now. Please
Bernie Sanders is an idiot, u can't collect enough taxes to pay for u're dumb idea!!! No growth and no new jobs. Dumb Idea Bernie!!
Of course you won't be bothered with wait times BECAUSE THEY WONT BE A PROBLEM FOR YOU DEMIGOD COMMUNISTS
Why don't you TELL THE TRUTH ABOUT SINGLE PAYER, TELL ABOUT THE WAIT TIMES, USE CANADA AS WHAT THE RESULT WILL BE, TELL THE DAMN TRUTH!!!
How do you propose paying for this "right"?
I would rephrase to say healthcare is a responsibility, puts the accountability on both the consumer and society.
Your salary&first class healthcare are privilege NOT a RIGHT giving2you from hard working taxpayers 2do your job for Americans only. Get it?
So doctors are slaves, then?
HealthCare is NOT a right, what's the matter with you? UGH! Constitution and Bill of Rights knowledge is sorely lacking in politicians
It's literally NOT a right. Do you even COTUS?
How sad a sitting senator doesn't know what constitutes a right.
not true you still have to pay for healthcare.Europe they tax you 65 percent for it.This country is tired of corrupt politicians
Oh boy, here we go..Govt does nothing well.  Were you listening Nov 8th?
Which "healthcare"? Whatever people want? Luxury treatments? What counts as "essential?" Who decides? Fail. #libfails #demfails
Is Bernie Paying out of his own pocket?
I am a doctor. I am not your slave. How can you have a "right" to my knowledge and service? Learn about freedom from @AP4Liberty please
Perhaps it is a right in a communist regime!
Easy for you to say @SenGillabrand you don't use the horrible healthcare known as Obamacare. I smell a Libtard hypocrite
Love it when the Communists come out of their closets! Another Senator smoking crack and lecturing US about bigger Government control
This is Socialism where all rights & personal choice are released into the care of government bureaucrats. NO. NO. NO.
If you do,will you also make sure that Congress, SCOTUS and POTUS are REQUIRED to use the same system as we the great unwashed?
That narrative is why Dems will keep losing!
Who are you going to enslave and force to provide this product since it’s a “right”?
It's not something that just comes from a tree you simpleton.  Somebody has to DO it, and must be paid.
We need to do much more about gerrymandering or your policies won't matter if your NOT ELECTED!
In what universe is health care a right?  Show me where in the constitution!
Wrong!
Wrong
So if it's a "right" then the service must be provided? Doctors are now slaves? Wnder if plantation ownr thought picking cotton was a right?
Im sorry it's not a right & had it not been for obamacare lots of people on full timejobs wouldnt have 2 or more part time jobs.
You don't understand what rights are.  Clearly.
No. No it is not a right!  Duh!
Healthcare is not a right.
You must be reading the MARXIST bill of rights or your lite socialist version.
Which one of the 10A's is it?
No one owns the time or energy of anyone's labor. It's not a right to have health care. Its aright to have access without prejudice,not free
Y'all are going to cause the Democrats to get creamed in the midterms!  I'm baffled.
EXACTLY - BS doesn't give a sht, he's not Dem; all those signing on to this have lost my respect- so obvious it's bc they may run 2020
Mark Pryor and Blanche Lincoln both lost because they voted for Obamacare.  They haven't learned a damn thing!
When did Health care become a right??
Will that include congress and the senate?
Say no to slavery
How are you going to pay for it. Doctors want paid. Nurses want paid. Hospitals want paid. I see a trend and it's not cheap. #RealWorld
It's only a right if it does not compel another to provide it. You have no understanding of Rights
When we don't like the Constitution as is, we don't ignore it. We amend it. Meanwhile, we DEFEND it against domestic enemies like yourself.
Is it, how much do you pay for your concierge Dr.? @chelseahandler
None of our rights requires taking anything from anyone else. You have no right to someone else's labor. That is SLAVERY.
I would be a lot happier if it wasn't Sanders bill.
Senator has not read the Constitution nor understood our enumerated rights. Senator, your enumerated powers won't allow free healthcare
I just reread the Constitution I didn't see that in there anywhere.
Hello! It's a privilege! One pays for healthcare! Are you going to pay for all the illegals& refugees?!?
Frightening when a US Senator knows nothing about the Constitution or Bill of Rights-instead, makes it up as she goes along
Meanwhile, @SenGillibrand demonstrates that she's another failed politician who doesn't understand how gov't works.
Could you show me where it says so in the Constitution?
I don't remember seeing that in the COTUS nor the BOR's.  Wait...I'll look again.... Nope not there!
You are wrong.
