We can’t go back to the way things were before the recession, when banks gambled with people’s hard earned money to boost their profits.
We can't go back to when banks faced no consequences after making bad bets that had devastating effects on our entire economy.
it's a shame he's a cabinet member now
Hillary's Wallstreet friends, on the other hand, wasted millions on speaking fees: Strange, don't you think.
When I read about Trump's cabinet I think about Toole's "A Confederacy of Dunces".
Well, Mnuchin now works for the American people, not Goldman Sachs.  Get over it!
He impressed me n hearings, but I have got all of my friends 2 watch full hearing 2 see what arses Dems made of themselves.
.@SenGillibrand thanks for being a leader by example for party
Thank you Senator! #Indivisible
Once again, you focus on the truth and ramifications of Trump's Cabinet choices. #Mnuchin is an insult to the middle class.
nice try.  :-(
doesn't make 1bit of difference. The fact that dems ran HRC this is what we get. Pure President bannon and adolf trump piwer
Yes we will!!!  He needs to go as well!!
Thank you for being fearless and representing NY's values so perfectly.
No more than Rubin or Geitner or Lew.
GREAT! Please convince others to take the same action
keep up the great work KG!
Atta girl
thank you for your integrity.
thank you for your leadership and resistance! Your constituents are grateful!
and thoughts on Michael Flynn?  Sen. McCaskill has tweeted that we should call Senators and Rep's to launch an investigation
He was a bank CEO, he was supposed to boost profits, that's what CEO's are paid for.
phony outrage.U n Cuomo forced banks 2prov subprime mortgages 2millions who cld nt afford them in NY.1 of the poorest states.
Of course you'll vote against him. Schumer told you to.
Thank you, Kirsten!
- thank you. I stand with you and appreciate all your work. #resist
keep up the heat work! We're proud of your strength!
THANK YOU!
THANK YOU!
You're such a badass woman
Hahahahahaha you lost again! He was confirmed. You should come over to the winning side and help Make America Great Again!!!
Thank you Kirsten for your sensibility in voting against Mnuchin & DeVos. I wish the other Repubs were as logical. #Respect
Thank you, Senator, for standing so strong! @SenGillibrand
thank you for consistently supporting all of us in #TheResistance We you
yassss 
#persist & #resist
how did that work out for ya

@ny_indivisible thank you senator.
and who from the big banks got in trouble?
So he worked for banks and made money. Supposed to do that. y would he quit for gov't salary? To help? Yup. Not a liberal.
you better be runnin' for high office in 3.5 years!
Hey Gilli yur an embarrassment to NY!!! See ya at the County Fairs.
broken record
Thank you!!
Thank you, Senator!
Thanks anyway.  It is a losing battle; but remember 2018!!
Thanks for staying strong, @SenGillibrand ! #PERSIST
Mnuchin has consistently worked to boost big bank profits at a cost to American families. Will vote against him.
THANK YOU from a constituent. Keep fighting for us.
Yes please-vote no
Of course because you're a fraud...voting against every single cabinet pick...not about working together its about your party
What's new you voted no on all his cabinet but your vote don't matter he get through anyway
He will get it just like the rest. 
How do we stop this nonsense?!
maybe you should stop taking campaign contributions from the big banks then
@tates5a Thank you! 
Thank you! He is bad for NY and bad for America.
- The whole cabinet is filled with evil Nazis. You libs have one drum, and you beat it INCESSANTLY.
That's great and you're great, but how do we get 3 Reps to agree?
thank you
vote against and impeach all tjem&(% £;#÷×#$(*=) !!!
thank you!
thank you 
THANK YOU for your commitment to making smart decisions to  try to protect all of your constituents.
Thank you for trying. Corporations have a friend in Trump. Much to the detriment of the American people.
Thank you!
Thank you
Thank you @SenGillibrand!
Thank you for your integrity and guts
does this mean that you will be returning the hundreds of thousands of dollars donated to your campaign by GS? Of course not
u r a phony & a fraud who accepts campaign contributions from the same people u bemoan 2 your under informed constituents
thank you Senator! Keep up the good work!
No sh!t you wete going to vote against him. Don't insult us by pretending you were going to do anything else.
Where was your voice when Obama hired Goldman Sachs people?You gotta hire people that KNOW finance, little progressive loon.
lies keep trying to make progressive criminal name for yourself
great! Can you also get on this Flynn/Russia/Mar-a- Lago/N Korea/ nuclear codes guy photo op business too?
thanks for voting no
Thank you - stay the course.
thank you!!
Thank you!!
question 4thejr. Sen. from NY if @realDonaldTrump nominated @BarackObama 4 a post would still vote no? #growthefup
thank you.
thank you for this vote, his record is a disgrace.
He is a criminal and should be indicted. PLUS he knows nothing about economic policy (Goldman ppl said this)
I so agree. To bad repCollins thinks it's disgraceful that you r vetting munchin for us. He is unqualified!Thanx
IF THERE WERE 99 MORE OF YOU IN THE SENATE, THE NATION WOULD BE MUCH BETTER OFF ...RESPECT
thank you!
@All100Senators thank you!
thank you, for consistently standing up and speaking out for what is right!
That's wonderful & all, but what's your plan to get some GOP to the "No" side? Everything else is posturing.
Gillibrand 2020!
@SenWarren  so, when are you guys gonna announce???
thank you so much.
Thank you Senator. Could you possibly take away security clearances for Flynn & Bannon? I'll give you whatever you want.
Thanks for your leadership on opposing @realDonaldTrump's inappropriate and unqualified Cabinet nominees. Glad ur my Senator.
man hater anti American
Lego Batman Producer. Treasury Secretary..Why not? Gotta love this country! BTW. Go watch #TheAccountant #Mnuchin
Recreating the big banking casino operations will destroy this country.  WE THE PEOPLE WILL NEVER BAIL THEM OUT AGAIN.
I admire you very much. Thank you for defending all Americans against these awful cabinet picks.
It doesn't matter what you do. You're irrelevant. We don't expect you to know what a highly qualified candidate looks like.
Thank you, Senator! Please do everything you can to persuade your colleagues to do the same. This man is a disaster!
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you!
thank you!
No law stating anyone must do business with banks. Well not yet anyway...
@All100Senators thank you
thank you Sen. Gillibrand! Proud to have voted for you, proud you're my Sen. Please keep standing up for what's right!
thank you!
Thanks!
LEAD MARCH PROTEST AGAINST ICE RAIDS ARRESTS DEPORTATIONS WALL ILLEGITIMATE PENCE CABINET CHAO MCCONNELL RYAN GOP
of course that's awesome
Ma'am policy makers understandably will protect their own and their benefactors interests, how does one make people CARE?!
Thank you Senator Gillibrand!
please lead the resistance
Proud that my state has such a stalwart and progressive Senator that's always in our corner @SenGillibrand !
He'll boost the treasury, balance budget and reduce taxes. No more $ for gov't grants to study mating cycle of a stink bug.
thank you! I wish my senators had your guts to choose people over party. @JohnCornyn @TeamCornyn @tedcruz
thank you Senator Gilibrand! 
Good call! Thanks for looking out for us, Senator Gillibrand.
Thank you Senator. He is a scoundrel and does not deserve to mop the White House floors. Hold the line!
They don't call him Mr. Foreclosure for nothing.
@katiemcvay Thank you, Senator
thank you for working so hard for  your constituents. I hope to work on getting you re-elected next year.
Thank you @SenGillibrand
Thank you! You are my senator. 13090 here!
Please do Senator. You are one of the few talking sense now.
Thank you!
Thank you.
what a surprise!
