keep doing your thing KG. I can feel the trump normalization happening. Fight it!
Resist everything. There is no good in that man. #Impeach45
She is playing an active role in this space. Worth considering approach? https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/indian-athlete-who-overcame-the-travel-ban-arrested-for-sexual-abuse-in-new-york/2017/03/03/47799758-d1ad-4cd5-8673-8459b7c2768e_story.html?utm_term=.e98f7fe0f7b2 …
The story was updated with KG's comment. Her spokesman says the charges are "extremely serious."
Charges Chris, charges.
I get that. Also most aren't criminals. I'm honestly wondering if bar is lowered if intervention.
If admin policy so oppressive that senators have to intervene all the time, and bar is lowered.
It is just another argument to drop everything and set a fair and decent policy.
10 illegal aliens connected to murder & MS-13 arrested on Long Island but were hiding comfortably in a sanctuary city!
we do too , what's your stand on illegals?
You pushed for entry of an immigrant who was just arrested in Saranac NY for sexually abusing a child. Care to respond ?
TY for supporting religious freedom
How many rapefugies have you taken into your home?
a member of my family traveled here on the mayflower. Reason they did: religious freedom. No one asked for their papers.
ya I bet they were not terrorist either smh
not at the expense of the safety of the American people!
Speak for yourself about refugees!  You should definitely finance about 30 of them at your house.  I have no prob with that
@Amycrocker76Amy Tell me which one is the terrorist?
seriously, take the ones that can't be vetted into your home and support them ypurself.
take them into your own home then!  WE the people have the right to know that they have been xtremely vetted, look at Europe!
shoot the bastards in the streets
you know Trump hates your disability and loves your ignorance!
you Democrats would rather we just let anyone in without checking them out first. Wake up we can't save everyone
you need to start thinking about 2020. You're a terrier, but you have to make more noise. You get us. Stay on message. Push!
got a couple workin for ya?
THANK YOU, SENATOR! #realnews #StopSessions
Please don't forget: Freedom FROM religion
Did you serve in the military? Of course not. Go 'meet' a 'refugee' burying an IED and get back to me on that. #youreafraid
Then let some into your home.  We're sure you have the room.  Lead by example as they say.
You are the ONE. 2020 is yours and man do we need you. Unfortunately like it or not, you have to commit to do the work to win
My dad was a refugee
You supported suing nuns over birth control.
Thank you for speaking up!
Y don't U push 4 open borders What is the point of these stupid immigration laws anyway That's great platform 4 your 2020 run
Americans do not force their fellow Americans into losing freedoms That is the realms of communists and nazis
Americans love freedom, truth, justice and democracy Americans put country and its values first
My dad once told me that being an American really has little to do about being born in the USA
When gop nazis insist that we must do it their way, they are no longer Americans
For that understanding can produce a brighter future for all of us.
This is a democracy and in a democracy we compromise We discuss and try to understand each other
When we interact with each other in a respectful, constructive discussion, the ideas are revolutionary
Our diversity is our strength It is great to have people with different ideas because that creates new ideas
keep fighting for us. Keep voting no.
please run for president in 2020 I will love you 5ever
yes. Thank you.
Words that you throw around quite often: "background check".
And that's why on the day of the women's march, I gave the maximum. You go, Tina :)
no hate no fear immigrants are welcome here
and just how many are you going to take in? Oh, I forgot, being a liberal democrat you only talk a good show.
until you've seen the merciless killing of the innocent, yes, you would welcome "refugees" who aren't properly screened
#2020
how about men's rights and fathers rights
Kristen, take one of these cats home and see what they believe and want. You would not care for that.
@RJPalacio I suggest you go and visit European countries !!! See how woman are bein verbally and sexually abuse by refuges
Nina Krysiuk, I have relatives in Sweden, Great Britain, France, Spain, Austria, Belgium: you are sadly misinformed.
are liberal and therefore blind, like you?
so they can stay at your house or nah?!?!
require all entry's into the USA to be legal and NO ONE will complain - GOP or DEM.
you are clueless. You must live in a bubble.
then invite a radical Islamist into your house and tell him/her you're not afaraid. see how that works out
Thank you for representing all of us so well. We appreciate all you do for your constituents.
No but we are fearful of illegal immigrants who are repeatedly deported and continue to break our laws. 
Your not very smart!  No problem with all religions but refugees have to be vetted!  Remember 9-11
No ban on Muslims. I love my Muslim Doctor
you rock
smoking weed?
I don't recall u havin a problem wit Obama doin the same thing wit Iraqi refugees. Save me yur hypocrisy & sanctimonious bs
Then why do christians get the short end of the stick. Can't keep their beliefs.   Would love an answer
do you want them vetted or just let everyone in
she has no idea
maybe you should take a walk through some of the formally beautiful cities of Europe. Without security??
how true. We could suggest a neighborhood in Sweden.
I've been to Sweden. I felt much safer there than I do in the US.
there are neighborhoods there that cops will not go. Had riot at one last week. U r ok here.
Some little girl got shot and killed after a car accident. Is that okay?
legal imagration
@davidcicilline no, we're not afraid, we love especially the ones that want to kill us.
indeed madam senator victory is reaching 2018!!!
@POTUS believes in religious freedom, welcoming people, who love us, into this country and is not afraid of vetted refugees.
properly vetted of course
Religious Freedom--unless u politely decline to bake a cake for a gay wedding, then we will ostracize you for it.
we need your strength to keep what's right alive! #Gillibrand2020
refugees are brave humans.  Open arms.
Are distinguishing btwn Lawful And UNLAWFUL immigration? Just saying.
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand!
Australia is though. They kept locked up in some camps somewhere far far away.
You're not smart enough to be afraid, or know better.
.@SenGillibrand America anchors its roots in #Immigration, it's part of your history, this is what makes #USA a country so rich culturally
sadly #potus #tinyHands is
says someone who surrounds herself with security and never has town halls with the people.
That a lie.  She was one of the first to join her people in the street. #nowallsnoban
Let's just do it legally.
