If a women makes the choice to sleep with a man and gets pregnant she should pay!!!
Look at the misogynistic viewpoint held by men who adore pu--y grabbing Herr Trump. He's all upset over my Tweets
You have to get out And spread the message
A box of condoms doesn't help with endometrioris, dysmenorrhea, or any other medical condition treated with hormonal birth control.
Nice strawman, dude. My point was about medical uses for BC, not my personal ability to afford it. Consider learning to read and/or argue.
*you're too
Citing the cost of a box of condoms is neither a necessary nor a sufficient condition for your alleged argument against socialized medicine
If your old enough to have sex, your old enough to pay for it. Personal responsibility pass it on!!!
And I suppose you pay full price for all of your prescriptions, correct? It would sure be hypocritical if you didn't.
Of course I do. I pay for everything I use. I also pay a lot for what other people use, where does it end? Oh wait it never does.....
Also, all of us paying for things we use AND things we don't is part of civilization. It's how we have streets, libraries, parks, etc.
And when do we say stop, we are paying to much? At what point can we say I have paid my fair share?
That's a valid question. Can we stop? Will that move us backward if we do? I don't know where that line is or if it exists anymore.
Thinking more, I don't think we can stop. For simple fact that we don't stop using. We all use & rely on so many services and necessities.
Great point, but isn't consumption and maintenance less expensive than initial buildout? I think we would be shocked to see where the $ goes
why don't you start a b.c. charity?.  Let all those who want to pay for other's  b.c. donate.  I dare you all to solve your own problems.
How is it that women's reproductive health is not seen as human health? Horrified that women are being sexually assaulted by our government!
Because they don't see women as humans.
Astonishingly true. So we keep reminding them. It confuses them and makes them nervous
And it's always the same people who don't want abortion to be legal. 
Head slap!
Open access and put it over the counter. Day after pills avail over the counter should help lessen abortions.
No abortions paid for by taxpayers
OH, I guess  all of us  who pay our own way and practice safe sex should  pay for the  TRAMPS  way of life.....,  Only you !
It's more then wrong, it stands against a woman's choice to decide when and if she wishes to have a child.
Sadly, the GOP still doesn't understand that women are not the only ones who benefit from safe, effective, affordable birth control.
Sadly you do not understand the Constitution and the powers that are relegated to the Feds.
Everything about the democrats is sad
A condom is 25 cents why do the Feds need to get involved?
Exactly
Family members are hamas. Please read up about her.
Why should I have to pay then?
For the same reason erectile dysfunction, diabetes and cancer is covered it is mefical treatment for many.. broaden your thpught process
Then 1) pay for it and 2) why should someone be forced to provide a product or service by threat of the govt against their will?
Why should I be denied TREATMENT for a MEDICAL condition?
I don't deny it. I have no problem with you getting medical treatment.... just pay for it like everyone else. HC is not a right.
I seriously think the only reason people take issue with this is because they associate it with paying for someone's birth-control
But if I do not want to pay for it then I should not be forced to. That is with any treatment or medicine
The only people who say healthcare is not a right, are the healthy ones.
they will cut that ,stop abortion .then cut the funding to the explosion of children born and let them starve, talk about cruel
No its not, bull crap
Right. Lets make everyone else pay for it. And since they are paying for it, the get to decide the outcome. Brilliant!!
And, failing birth control, force them to bare and raise kids they can't afford with no help from conservative white male establishment.
Ever hear of birth control this is the 21 century
Are women supposed to get permission from bosses to treat intimate issues like
* endometriosis
* IVF
* ovarian cysts
* menopause
* fibroids
Why are  men pretending they know anything about WOMENS health care
Precisely. But if they actually USED them, then where are the 300k plus abortions a year coming from? Or you'll claim they were all raped?
This is just more virtue signaling. Pushing destructive democrat policies. Teach modesty and discourage premarital/extramarital sex instead!
Your employer should only care what you do while working, not in your bedroom.
@UniteWomenOrg and it's used for treatment as well, not just contraception
Let's let men pay for Viagra!
Where's the outrage over a Cialis pill costing $40. Think about it... You wanna play you gotta pay. No sympathy
It's pussy control 4 republicans men!
Abstaining is the best birth control
Ramp up the cost of everything to do with 'penis care' 100-fold. If there are going to be gender-differences, make it obvious.
Oh BS
Trump hates women, he and his cronies care only for their wallets.
I will never understand how those who are so against abortion can also be opposed to birth control.
But penile implants, pumps and viagra covered. Go figure!
So let's do the same for viagra!
People don't understand this concept...not asking for "free" birth control, just that it be covered under health insurance....
!!!!
Again, you're confusing terminology. EVERYONE has access in the US
Also- progress on all other feminist goals depends upon the ability of women to control our fertility. Equality is not possible without it.
BTW, if Trump went tomorrow, Mike Pence is not the better option, the Handmaids Tale would be come a reality.
Why is it that men get a say in woman's health? Most don't understand how any of it works anyway! Curious, is viagra still covered?
Why make access to contraceptives difficult for millions of woman who struggle to afford basic health needs?
the GOP is doing their best to strip all women of their rights. They'd take away the right to vote if they could.
Who told you this? You are very misinformed
A double x chromosome shouldn't be a preexisting condition.
It's wrong to roll back everything he's rolling back.
Get your heads out of the sheets... start being enlightened about the pill as a treatment for medical conditions and maybe itll make sense!
Thank you @SenGillibrand for standing strong & protecting women's reproductive rights.
It is the ONLY #PCOS hormonal therapy my daughter can tolerate and responds to... may not be an option for some but for others DONT DENY
It's not ok for women to pay for birth control they're using? How come no one is paying for my vasectomy?
Do you not take any meds covered by insurance? Or do you pay full price, out of pocket?
Oh you don't even want to start on insurance. I pay $20,000 a year for my shit insurance that covers NOTHING, not medication, or an MRI
You are all just part of the sisterhood. Collectively rationalizing abortions, and making bad decisions worse
Why can't they pay for it themselves? I don't REALLY want to have to pay for women to get laid
so who pays? someone has,to work not collect
It is not wrong to make you pay the entire cost of murder.
Thank you!  Gillibrand/Schiff ticket would be great. Only Senate men writing on health care? So wrong. My body, my choices. Be diligent.
Sen. Gillibrand, please keep fighting for women's reproductive right.  This should not be an issue in 2017!
Who do u want to pay for it?
Especially if laws are passed that rape producing a baby, the rapist gets parental rights, or that women's right to choose are taken away
It's also wrong to ask others to pay for something that is not their responsibility. Where does personal responsibility come into your plan?
So you pay full price for any prescriptions you take I guess?
I pay for my healthcare coverage and so should everyone else. What's so hard to understand about that?
Yes, but do you pay full price for prescription meds? Simple question yes or no?
Yes
Fertility is a gift and a sign of good health  not an ailment. Pay for your own contraception.
So then you will be aggressively supporting Medicare for all with Bernie, correct? #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
Especially since apparently GOP men do not feel any need to provide medical care for pregnancy or birth or mothers or girl children
The same people against abortion are now blockung access for women to prevent unwanted pregnancies.  It's like a never ending circle
It's wrong to make the tax payers pay for it!
Time for a Lysistrata-type action!
But it's o.k. for others to subsidize it?
Wouldn't denial of preventative care for a specific group of people violate Title VII of the Civil Rights Act? Just wondering.
Maybe more women need to go Lorana Bobbit to get our points across. I am menopausal, so trumps PMS, I will take one for the team ladies.
*when it treats things OTHER than being fertile, such as hormonal imbalance, which is a defect just like ED is.
The B/C pill is used for many other female hormonal conditions, it's not just for BC anymore. Sexist healthcare is unacceptable.
Once again the rights of Women are being attacked. As men we owe them our unilateral support, it's a private and personal decision. #equlity
And sometimes its more tgan a decision... it is a medical necessity for well being and health
Are you still yammering on about this nonsense? Control your hormones and close your legs.  Problem solved.
yes. Thank you.
It's also wrong to butcher babies in the womb.
How about some Condoms? There're cheaper than Brith Control pills.
Condoms break and are much less effective.... ANDDD they don't treat fibroids, hormonal imbalance, endo, etc etc.
If you can not pay $10 to $15 a month to protect yourself, keep your pant on.
Will the government fund my vasectomy, too?
How about creating jobs, cut the handouts, and pay like we all do????
Can't believe birth control is being debated in 2017. This country is unreal.
Especially when the decision is made by a bunch of old men.
Yeah not a bunch of old men... lol that's hilarious
Dear Kirsten
Last time I checked only women made babies. It's time to leverage that amazing powerful monopoly to get women what they deserve
Some women take it to regulate their hormones so that they aren't in pain all the time. It's ridiculous to limit birth control #letherchoose
And women are people, persons. We are not some subgroup of the human species.
Family planning services are an essential part of women's healthcare and one of the best ways to provide upward social mobility in a society
Thank you senator for pointing out that it is basic care for women and should be treated as all preventive care is covered.
maybe they should have birth control pills be an overthecounter medicine that would eliminate the need for anyone to have an issue with it
It's wrong to make women pay for that but our tax dollars pay for viagra. The narrative is disgusting
I was started on BC when I was 9....by a team of Docs. I have legitimately never even seen/used it as BC; I needed it to function.
Someone somewhere is paying for it. I wish you would acknowledge that and stop with the free lunch theory.
I can't believe this still needs to be addressed.
Do people want to continue to pay for babies that aren't theirs or honor birth control, honor women, honor motherhood. @GOP is pathetic.
It's wrong to make me pay for someone else's life choices.

What else should be free for women?
And by the same token, don't  take Viagra and make your wife happy
You can't be both against abortion, and facilitating more unwanted pregnancies. Well, unless you're not really against abortion - just women
Are politicians debating access to erectile dysfunction medication as well?

No need to answer.
Stop! Every female should pay if they choose to indulge!!
Personal responsibility applies!!
Makes you wonder whether the wives, daughters and grand-daughters of all those GOP suits are really fine with all that. Hard to imagine.
You seem so uneducated it hurts.  Maybe they made their own decision. Decisions are something I thought you support? Hypocrite.
Trying to doom more women to poverty and subservience, but it's not going to work.
Thank you, Senator. It's not all about not having children until you're ready, there are other ways it helps lots of women. Myself included.
Roll back access??? I didn't hear about every single convenience store on the planet going out of business! It's wrong to keep being wrong.
Oh, I see.  Condoms.  Things that MEN wear.  Things that have the highest failure rate.  Makes perfect sense, Lizzie McMouthbreather.
Things that they've started removing during sex... get a clue.
Well said.
And yet Viagra is covered. Them some shady fools.
And making it harder to get will not stop casual sex leaving to unwanted children. All women must have a choice that they can make.
Agree if man can't understand this then they should try having a baby without a woman. Good luck
......derrrr, and vice versa, genius.
How are they paying more?
Where's the male pill? You pay for my vasagel when it comes out?
All 3 of my minor daughters had premenstrual syndrome & were not sexually active. Putting them on a carefully selected OC stopped it.
I wonder what Viagra costs
