Keep fighting the good fight Senator!
Maybe you should stand up and oppose ALL of these ridiculous cabinet nominations. #TheResistance
Okay ... Start running for President please.
We need to organize and harness the energy progressives feel right now, We need a strategic plan
thank you Senator for defending basic principles of our Democracy
we are by the 10000s+++ where r the dems? Why u the only to vote against all Trump unfit nominees. (Ty 4 doing so) #iimpeach
I would like to get rid of the Senator in New York...any suggestions?
STOP THE BS & START WORKING!!
@marhoiland Fuck that - Change can't happen unless you make it?
We are making our voices heard. We must stand up to this dictator.
Change will happen when people both listen and talk...not just talk and shout down others.
Thank you for standing up for us in Congress. We see you and appreciate you!
please don't stop fighting for all of us.
We did during the last election. Show some maturity and loyalty like us ex retired military.
that's right
Agreed!
Integrate Progressive Millennials into Party strategic positions if you want us to retake seats in 2018
thank you for standing up for what is just. Proud to be a New Yorker.
Will Do!! .... Went to a city council mtg tonight aming other things.
Back from who, exactly? The country is Ours. All of us. We are the United States of America. Yours, mine, etc
who said anything about not believing in those things? I do - of course. I don't believe in Lying, Cheating, or Stealing.
Can we find funds for more money for rehab, mental health, and poverty reduction programs. New EOs solve issue with violence.
Under Dim Trump-Un change will happen every hour.
we did
been trying to get you and Schumer removed from ever representing anyone because of your outright lies and deception
the nation did on NOV 8 You don't have to like @POTUS but you need to respect the office and conduct yourself accordingly.
You are correct. So hear this! Tell your Radical Liberal Democrat Anti-American friends to stop the BS and stalling tactics.
thank you for your unwavering dedication to the country. #yourock
we are right behind you all the way. Keep fighting.
-Here's action. Calling a colleague a disgrace is a disgrace. Warren should be admonished by her Fem. Peers.
We will and we will say bye bye to you too!
you're awesome. We support you 100%!
Thanks for having the guts to go all in, voting against all Trump appointees. Women = Courage.
TY for being the only Senator who so far has voted "NO" to the whole #SwampCabinet nominees. Proud of my Senator!
@ParadigmShiftII I do it on a daily bases me and my old mouth won't stop yapping till Trump is a faded memory in the rearview
- According to King Andy, my voice doesn't count in NY. According to you and upChuck, it doesn't count in Congress.
please say you're considering a run in 2020?!
beyond making out voice heard what other actions can we take Are there constitutional actions we should fight for? We r here
Thank you for taking the high road and voting to reject unqualified and/or tainted cabinet members. Stay strong
We will be heard! Please don't give up.
how much more can we do?  We just keep getting steamrolled.
Remember, endurance is crucial. Freedom is a daily struggle. #staystrong
I can never reach your offices. When is the best time to call?
they did, it was the election in November. Electoral College. Too bad lil kids know how govt works more than Senators do

thank you for the job you are doing.
I'm on your side, but this petition is very general. I'd be more comfortable with a petition for/against a specific policy
The people did speak, it was called an election. President Trump won and misguided liberalism lost.
Thanks for keeping up the fight. We won't stop as long as you don't. #ShePersisted
We are behind you all the way.
I'll never be quiet, as a teacher Texas I will make sure that my footprints in the future are not full of alt-facts.
We try. They pay no attention to you & less attention to us. The only way is to speak via the ballot box.
We are and we will keep on 634 days til #midterms2018
fight all nominations. Otherwise we will have the KKK running the White House.
thank you for leading the way. We are engaged more than ever. #RESIST!
Think may need more people in Congress voting right not party line....But let majority start. Dark times dead ahead
also would help if we could end gerrymandering, kill the EC, you know...
I want taxes lowered in NY! I am demanding it!
we're trying but after DeVos and Sessions it's hard to feel like the ears aren't deaf #feelingdefeated
done!
We've been trying. Republican reps aren't listening. They're either bought or afraid or have no conscience. What can we do?
#TheResistance
agreed, recent events have proven voting is vital. Top reps do NOT represent me or my views whatsoever. TY for your service
Please don't give up, Senator! Keep fighting! We appreciate you!
thank you for your hard work. I've realized the last few years that I need to do more.
We will. Even though the outcome wasn't what we'd hoped,thank you for your vote of No for Sessions for AG
GOP, When are you going to take a stand against this guy? When? He’s got to go. It’s obvious. Everyone agrees.
We hear you, ma'am. And we will be heard, by God. We will make the rafters tremble.
know the difference between standing up for what you believe in and shouting insults at others
thank you for consistently voting against Trump's appointments
Change is happening all around you, and if you don't work bilaterally you will be left behind.  DTS of obstructionists.
，what if people tired and sick of those voices, the changes in last 8 years didn't bring prosperity to the country.
Yes we want pure capitalism and no regulation to protect, but do we still get to blame everyone for our failures??
you are really making a difference Sen. Gillibrand. Please don't give up...you might be the only voice people hear!
just got back from a Planned Parenthood rally.
