What you do positively on domestic front u cancel out with EVIL foreign policy!Shame on u& @SenSchumer #BoycottIsrael #JailMeForThisTweet?
We have your back, KG.
And she has ours!  #Blessed
Indeed!
I stood behind her at the Women For Hillary rally in NYC last year- best day of my life.
Strongest Dem. Candidate in History. HC received MORE votes than ANY white Man in US PRESIDENTIAL HISTORY! HC won POPULAR vote 2008 & 2016.
Time to get behind @SenSanders and get #MedicareForAll
SENATOR WE WILL ALWAYS HAVE A VOICE TO PROTECT ALL THAT IS GOOD!
They are never going to let it alone - they will manipulate the current system - and/or they will just flat out repeal - they are heartless
Hope you continue your efforts to protect our health care. And thank you.
Please tweet about stopping #RepealAndDelay Thank you! Sincerely, one of your constituents
As a parent to a disabled child who relies on #Medicaid, thank you for voting no #wearemedicaid
This senator voted against Kate's Law which protects American citizens from illegals who cont to cross the border illegally to commit crimes
#please tell us why you love this failed plan!
Thank you, @SenGillibrand for having our back and working on our behalf. Keep up the good work!
So, the second attempt to kill millions was declined?
I think I heard you just say #resist. Will do and thank you for working for, and protecting, us.
Thank you for fighting for the American People to have Health Care! "Life, Liberty & Justice for ALL! Not Life, ...for the wealthy!
This isn't a win—it's a stay of execution. There's no way the GOP will stop. Let's work toward getting them OUT in 2018/2020.
glad that bill is dead, but their new plan to #Repeal is "out of the frying pan - into the fire". There IS NO WIN for the American people
Dems now have a chance to lead and take the spotlight. No more anti-Republicans. Lead on the fixes. No excuses!
With you Senator. Bring out their attempts to sabotage the ACA into the light.
A win for who? I don't have insurance because of #ObamaCare
Why?
my dr of 20years didn't take #ambetter 40miles to see a dr. Also was told I couldn't self pay bec dr would be fined.
No. Just trying to understand who/why is worse off with #ACA.
I had blue cross before OC now I have nothing. Can't even sign get ins until Jan. It's crazy.
That is crazy.  I'm sorry.  Everyone needs access to affordable health care.
Thank you for your dedicated work
I will but you need to repeal the unafordable care act aka ObamaCare. I cant afford $1180 a month for health insurance.
You have lost my vote/support & I will donate to your DEM challengers after your absurd co sponsoring of anti free speech BDS #Israel bill
@SenGillibrand have you signed hr 676?
Thank you. The future is medicare for all.
Keep fighting against repeal of the ACA.
Yes, gonna get my wish and see AHA implode completely.
Repeal Obamacare
Yay, I get to keep my health care!!!
#Trumpcare has failed. Now time for Dems to make concrete proposals to improve ACA. The people will support you--don't just resist, LEAD!
Omg you are hilarious. Please continue to spew how uninformed you are. Meanwhile your constituents are hurting. I know you couldn't care..
THERE IS NOTHING left to say to MitchMcConnel except truth based on facts: you lost HEALTHCARE lose 2018 midterms...GOP is dying, dead gone
I'm glad it went down in flames but it was the hard right that eventually sunk this, not progressives. That's worrying.
#RepairWhatsThere #SaveOurCare
Thank you, Senator, for holding the line for us!
Thank you. *I can't sleep. I'm so worried.
Not over 
And please, @SenateDems get a positive message out rather than bashing @GOP as tempting as it is!
Let's move toward Medicare for all!!!
Don't let them repeal..it will be disastrous!!
Protest calls and letters from lunatics on left did nothing. The republicans have no balls period.  No choice but a full repeal of Ocrapcare
Healthcare easy decision 4 Christians in Congress. Does bill meet Jesus' command 2 "Love your neighbor as yourself' 4 all insured involved?
A win?  You own the ACA, and it is on a bad trajectory.  Get to the table, find solutions, do your job!
Repeal Obamacare!!!!!
If you don't have time to call, text resist to 50409. It will find and fax them for free. Anything you want to say. I do it weekly.
How can you say that when YOU and rest of Dems gave us the disastrous ACA and now do NOTHING to fix the problems?
Fix @lirr #lirr. I'm speaking up please let it count for something
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand
Please run in 2020
Now work with the GOP to #FixTheACA
Remember to stay focused the GOP now wants to just repeal OC, potentially knocking off 30 m people from being insured without a relief plan
Thanks for your hard work and care!
But now they're going for repeal! Don't let them get away with it!
Be careful of what you wish for...
It's all a game to you. U don't care about we the ppl. If you did you would admit ACA has serious issues & offer solutions.  U offer nothing
Troll
More nothing.
Thank you Senator Gillibrand! Proud to be a New Yorker with such awesome representatives!
That's great & a real victory. But what's going to happen after ACA is repealed without replacement? That vote could come in days.
#Gillibrand2020 <3 <3
We will NEVER stop till the GOP party is dead!!
Been speaking up about NYC a transit and YOU have done nothing about that
Have a Medicare for all bill ready to go so you have both a starting point for negotiations and something to offer voters to vote 4 in 2018
Now they want to repeal w/o replace. Unconscionable!
#13Amendment
The #VersionIHave #BansForcingAmericansToServiceAnothersHealthcare
#WhatDoesYoursSay?
#Request1
Thank you Senator Gillibrand for your hard work
Another win would B 2 make improvements 2 ACA & offer as a replacement or they had a single payer system ready to go when we retake control
That would be great...but they seem allergic to that?
We shouldn't make the same mistake as republicans and just bitch without offering a solution
Agree... we need to present an unified front though.... so a lot of work needs to be done by all!!!


Please "repeal" 45 and don't "replace" with Pence!!
The robbers are back naked this time.
It is time to ask DJT where his beautiful, fantastic health care bill that does everything for everyone is? Wouldn't his base like to know?
We stand with you, Senator! Thank you for your leadership! - Thanks to you and @SenSchumer! You both make NewYorkers like me proud!
Thank you Senator Kirsten for resisting trumpcare! Stay strong!
We can't afford not to!  Thank you for your work, Senator G.
you are still on the losing side
The funny thing about is the reason it failed is due to the conservative wing not supporting it. So now we get what we want a full repeal.
I like the way you talk Kirsten. I am vocal & resistant.
Thank you!!  Proud to be your constituent!
Thank you so much for fighting for me and the people of New York. We need all the help we can get, Senator!
McCain's health can be restored while he ponders possibly taking away someone else's healthcare. Ironic.
That's great.  Now push #SinglePayerNow as you claimed! http://www.cnn.com/2017/06/30/politics/2020-vision-kirsten-gillibrand-single-payer/index.html …. You can be primaried
An educated, activated, and energized public can make great things happen. Time to build on this success.
It's a win but what is the Dem plan to improve Obamacare and how will the Dems sell it
What exactly do YOU propse to do about the COMPLETE MESS ACA has created ?????  Other than obstruct what others come up with, you have ___?
He just brought it back up. Straight repeal.
I shouldn't be, but I'm in a state of disbelief.
Healthcare is not over yet... The bill is not officially dropped and Graham has released a new ill-conceived proposal.
Kirsten if it is such a big win why not change your govt policy and jump on board with my insurance carrier astronomical monthly payments
RESISTANCE IS REAL, it's NOT fake news
Thank you, senator. 
Stay frosty. Keep alert. We can't let one of those bastards in here. @SoSofieFatale @maddow
Kristen, #ObamaCare is a tax, not health care.  #NotShovelReady
Women of the Senate should bare arms and make history- get a bi-partisan committee together and fix healthcare once and for all! Please RT
thank you, Senator Gillibrand... but we are getting awfully tired!
You are a great Senator!
Thank you for your efforts in blocking this appalling bill.
Do old white male representatives receive our tweets?
Nobody has ever won on this healthcare horror fest It's like coming Face to Face with a Zombie What makes u a winner hamhog?
Yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank YOU!
For sure! I'm in all the way!
10804 here sending a big Thank You for having our backs on Healthcare and so much else! We must keep fighting.
Thanks to each and every one of you that called, marched, raised your voices, were arrested, and participated by resisting!   U ALL
Never sure w GOP that anything's a win. HOWEVER, hope this makes passing their tax cuts for rich harder to do. #Resist
I want to celebrate tonight but know it's back to the Resistance in the morning!
Good job team!!! 
It's not a win...this isn't over they will just change the dress and lipstick on this pig and try again
HALLELUJAH!
It's easy to do when the policies being pitched are so bad...
I think they'll try to revive this again instead of recognizing that the bulk of the country hates this harmful bill. We'll keep fighting.


#trumpcareFAIL
