This is what I mark about meeting us in person, you can't represent us since you don't know our thoughts on any matter
I know you women have it so bad here in America the struggle is real omg how do you find the strength to carry on
Aside from a life saving emergency, abortion is a horrible uncaring act toward the unborn. Do not use my money for it
It's an attack on women, but Trump's EO is mainly abt more $ for GOP pols frm right-wing evangelicals. Jesus & Trump love the rich!
Breast cancer/cervical cancer, hell any cancer that destroys lives/families. #trumpcare should cover. 
Erectile Dysfunction, no. 
WWJD?
If employers can take away birth control, then I'll take away Viagra coverage under my religious beliefs.
She thinks mammograms for example are preventative care. Or does breast cancer not matter bc you aren't at risk.
Why are you men so worried about women having abortions? That's between them and this God you're all so obsessed with.
Democrats who don't support single-payer should expect to be primaried.
#MedicareForAll
#SinglePayer
I am a woman 50yrs old, before Obum Care I had great preventative care.  My pre cancr cells @ 18yrs old were  removed. My H.C was great
Women's right to choose with her own body. My right to deny my money for her poor choices
And we all know how he feels about womens health...right?

Democrats Lie about #PlannedParenthood Services! Just Listen and Learn. Lies from Democrats continue 
what century are we living in?
potus has attacked women, one way or the other, his entire life - nobody should be surprised a/b this hateful, heartless and cruel #ahca
Well nobody has more respect for women than the predator in chief ..look at his history he's never been religious only with greed.
Another example of "right to life" hypocrisy!
Women aren't the only subject matter in our society ms Gillibrand
Religious Freedom laws Increase discrimination against minority faiths leading to destabilization.  We need to Challenge his recent EO.
Why does he have women supporters? Any psychiatrists out there want to field my question? It's bizarre. Is the racism that strong?
It's funny that they cry states rights until the group they hope to vilify isn't targeted *enough*
Sisters, we are under attack & need to STAND UP, FIGHT BACK! Today we march, write & call-tomorrow we vote!
Whatever happened to separation of church and state.
Duh...
Get a grip. It is not. #youarenotmysenator
Oh of COURSE it is.  Geez you are a broken record.
All EOs and bills have been attacks on Women in some way. It's crystal clear what these white men care about. #epicfail
Then make sure you fight against it..and for the people. When will you impeach? He has not divested from anything . RULES?
Birth control and abortion isn't healthcare. It is a lifestyle choice, don't cover it on my dime.
Potus and the Republicans are misogynistic old white men!  They are afraid of women and especially powerful women, we all must rise up!
Trump es un cerdo sin corazón.

The truth: none of it's about what's best for us or the economy. They're bribed, playing out lies abt ACA & fixated on reversing Obama stuff
Quit the crap. If you don't like the BENEFITS where one works gen go elsewhere. HC is not a right
agreed-"Women's Health" murders women in the womb.  You accept murdered babies in exchange for sex on demand. #ProLife
Please stop identity politics
Bs
Just call it what it is...AGAIN...a war on women...outright sexism...clear misogyny...thinly veiled hatred...our new reality. #VoteThemOut
Unconstitutional
@citizengatsby every woman has a husband, brother, father, son etc yet women are still getting slammed with disrespect
DEMS failed to combat the Religious right. We know who they are how they work since Reagan/Pat Buchanan but no concerted effort against them

Laugh it out

but wld be glad when voted out…
It's "preventive". Love you Kirsten but that's a pet peeve of mine.
An war on women
condoms are preventive care for men, are you upset they aren't denied, oh wait, they aren't covered they pay 4 themselves. attack on women?
WTF???
I didn't realize people were forced to work for an employer. 13th Amendment comes to mind.
How is it #prolife if maternity/prenatal care is not included?  If pregnancy is pre-existing condition = to disease.
What makes these christians making political decisions any better than Assad?  Dictating their beliefs on what everyone should do?
Reactionary Alt- right STILL fighting in the Crusades. Embarrassing Dems, Progressives, and Greens with our lack of organization
because in all honesty, if they are christians, Christs teachings are to not judge others and to basically do you, not force your will
I hope that all these people touting religious beliefs in their decision making for all of us little people are ready to answer to their god
Nope, you are. Obamanation Care was. Repealing that is a blessing for each American. Your lie is over. But keep spewing your filth. 
Everything he does is an attack on women. That's why the Germans laughed at Ivanka.
It astounds me that religion is running our Govt.  Our founding fathers never wanted that which is why they were very clear about separation
Handmaid's Tale needs to be required reading and/or viewing on Hulu now.
That's how the Supreme Court ruled, not President Trump.
He's vicious. Don't let him hurt NY Senator! We need you to protect us from this madness! Fight for us 
I'm so proud that you are in our corner here in NYS!
The ACLU put out a statement saying Trump's EO changed nothing, had no teeth. The ACLU said there was nothing in it to fight..all for show!
At this point, GOP Congress could pass a jus primae noctis bill and party's supporters, including women, would still vote for them.
Persecution in the name of so-called religious freedom. One's religious freedom ends where another's begins. Wholly unconstitutional.
Grow up. Carry your own weight. 
Would we say that it's an attack on the US Constitution? My prediction is it will not stand up in court. Just like the bogus immigration EO.
I think that logic is called a false equivalency. Or just absurd.
Please keep fairy tales and invisible sky ghosts out of my life.
