Guns are amoral as any object. It is immoral (and foolish) to allow weapons of mass death among our citizenry. We make our own laws.
No, I mean like semi automatic (and automatic of course) rifles. I think you knew that. But I don't want to extend tooooo much credit.
No they have not been illegal
Bull shit, all you need is a thick wallet and do the background check and 200 tax stamp
Sorry no disrespect but terrorists will use any means to kill and injure us .. look at London
Heads up: the people sowing terror here are Americans. What tools would you like to make available to them in this country?
No, we should take it much more seriously.  Helluva lot more people killed by guns in this country than by terrorists, and always will be
Hell of a lot more people killed in an automobile accidents than by guns so should we outlaw those as well
The answer to your question is no. But we SHOULD train, test, license, and regularly retest gun owners like we do car drivers. GOOD POINT!
I agree 100%
Ban mass murder, revoke abortion's
You're so d::mb; guns don't kill people,people kill people.If that was the case treat vehicles as terror threats and ban them. Get us bikes!
It does no good. Too much $ is flowing into GOP hands in Congress. They own us. How can we possibly stop it.
Defeatism isn’t a helpful attitude.
How long has this gone on now? How do we stop the NRA? We are defeated and all these lovely platitudes won't stop it.
Join @Everytown. Call your reps. @shannonrwatts just tweeted a thread of state progress & concrete steps you can take. Or bemoan massacres.
I've supported Everytown before, but I can no longer afford it. I'm aware of their progress.
This is so insane! More and more Americans being murdered by gun violence and we need to implore our leaders to act? How can that be?
They are funded by the NRA… Millions upon millions of dollars. That's how
Gun violence that murders 60 people and injures 500 more is terrorism. Call it what it is.
But abortion is more important than gun control, children's healthcare and women's healthcare? Women need to elect women 2018!
there are laws on the books to handle people with fully auto-mactic guns, no need 
to change the laws already passed !! laws will not work
You should be president for this!!!! Because you didn’t discriminate or commit any injustices with this comment  #GunViolence #GunContolNow
something else entirely may be needed to save lives of young black men, who are most at risk of dying from gunfire.
Can u list one of the laws currently in our country that would have stopped this mass killing? Apparently he didn't buy any trade show guns
I agree. We MUST enforce the second Amendment of the Constitution!!!!  Let's arm all the good people!!!!!
#NRAFundsDomesticViolence
Gun violence is serious but your silence over the issues in Chicago is disgusting! This is a votes ploy you aren't serious
Arguments about cars & fertilizer as weapons is stupid. Not what they were created for.  Guns were created to kill/destroy. Let’s ban ammo.
My reps Ha? John Thune, Mike Rounds and Kristi Noem fro South Dakota all covered in NRA cash.

I'll be calling to stop your agenda... Thanks for the reminder of how terrible a Senator you are!
You are my representative. Please keep fighting the good fight.
I'm crying about @SpeakerRyan's Vegas statement yesterday. It's like he's a zombie unable to connect with his conscience. Why is he so cold
Congress yall need to get together Bitch McCon! for not standing up and discussing this.Paddock should have been on a terror list.47 guns!
What exactly would have been the law that would have made a difference? You won't answer because you don't have one.
Don't agree we need to be better at spotting the twisted and mentally unreliable people who own guns@thinkfirstactsooner
This kind of gun violence IS terrorism.
Thanks, you have worked hard for gun control.
All Congress who took NRA $$$ are guilty of these murders. Get your balls out of NRA money clip + handle #gun control NOW!
No followers. Dumb statement
Please use this time to craft and pass common sense gun laws.
What does that even mean? A generalized statement based on emotion and devoid of fact.
I disagree and I will call you..will you represent me?
I will be calling my representatives daily.  Gun violence is out of  control.  The 2nd amendment has been twisted to benefit the gun lobby.
Thank you Kirsten!
Correction: more seriously. Guns are far more deadly than terrorism. So are opiates, cars, alcohol and lightning.
Enough #Thoughtsandprayers #DoSomething that will truly show you care!
Ms.Gillibrand, Please help us
We need a certificate and or license to operate heavy machinery. Why not guns?
It's called "Bill of Rights" don't like it? Tough shit!
I call everyday!
all well and good but DSH cuts to #nych+h
I agree, senator Gillibrand!!
Senator, an armed militia is coalesced & raised against the majority of Americans. Extremist gun owners are using terror to dominate U.S.
Nah if gun owners wanted to be a problem you would certainly now it. We are peaceful constituents that love our rights and freedoms.
I disagree! Congress should take #mentalhealth serious!!!
Now this I could consider. Finally someone that gets it.
Glad to know YOU are my Senator (but I call anyway) #keepitup #guncontrollnow
Gun violence is domestic Terrorism!!!
Tell Mitch McConnell to answer his phone!
Real law abiding Americans will never agree to that, use the existing laws you people passed, making new laws that won't work..
I dont care how many laws you make. til officials enforce the laws nothing will change. This mans guns were illegal. How do we prevent that
Thank you for everything you do. Thank you for fighting. Thank you for caring. Thank you for listening. Thank you for never stopping.
It is terrorism.
THANK YOU FOR SPEAKING FOR ME AGAIN.
The gangs on LI didn't purchase guns legally. You let them run the streets and not a word was said. Is it ok for illegals to have guns?
I agree but their is also a huge problem with illegal weapons. Yet you want lighter prison sentences. What good would it do?
#whenisthetime? Now is the time! Right now!
Guns, Guns. Your laws will not prevent mental cases like Las Vegas from happening.   You cannot create a law to keep anyone safe.
Fortunately you and @SenSchumer are my senators. Please get it done
Then why do you persist in Slliwing Chicago mayor to resist fed help?Nightly deaths not once.
Thank you for your focus on this issue. I've called every single Senator over the last 2 days ab this. Behind you as you lead this fight!
Maybe you can push for the regulation of ammunition.
Well the Supreme Court has had a say in that so come up with another Nazi tactic.
Love you Senator but tbh they don't listen, not about guns. It's a scourge on America
You are way wrong, get the left out of the way
Gun violence IS terrorism.
Thanks for being my rep.
I would be calling you
It is insane that the NRA runs our country
You reference #SanctuaryCityChicago right?
Stop. You know that stricter gun laws do not work. Stop using the blood of innocent victims for political gain.
Go do something helpful.
If you are serious why do you ignore Chicago and Detroit every weekend? Because of Dem control or failure of gun control laws
Why do u lie? Obvs RW talk points. Chi no more violent than any other lg US city. Obsessed w Obama home town u are! #impeach45 #resist
Done and done. I'm looking forward to @RepChrisCollins explanation of how his support for repealing SAFE and OCare serves his constituents.
Absolutely!!  Let’s get guns into the hands of legal, honest and bible toting folks so they can defend themselves.
It's not the Weapon it's the person behind the weapon! Choice of weapon is not why people die! Rope or car poison or gun knife or bomb?
If you were serious you would outlaw abortion. Your a hypocrite. How could you allow the ripping apart of babies and selling their parts
Build the wall to stop drugs and firearms from entering the country illegally
Some must take (any) belief violence & antagonism & stupidity as seriously as useless politics. If you agree, support the Better Structure.
Done
And if you DISAGREE call your representatives!!! SERIOUSLY
#NotARandomAct of
#DebtViolence but
#Intentional
#PlannedAndTimed by
#OurEmployeesInCongress
#YouCantStopThemFromOverspending
#NobodyCan
#AsAnyFoolCanPlainlySee
#SomeToolsDoGetImproperUse but
#WhatLawCouldEverBeWritten
#ToEndCongressionalDebtAbuse ?
#DebtAbuseExceeds20Trillion
Do you know ppl are grieving, dying&hurting.
Politizing this tragedy now is beyond inappropriate. This disgusts me. People aren't buried yet
I agree and i will after the scared i had today when my grandmothers SCHOOL was put on lock down cause a 14 y old borough a gun to school
You are my rep. And I thank you for all you do.
Thank you patriot! This is what I say to those *Christians who don't! Please @make5calls makes it easy! #SensibleGunControlNOW #ComplicitGOP
The NRA is now technically a terrorist group.
Congress must take illegal immigration seriously as a threat of terrorism.
and just what the hell are our drones doing in the ME killing hundreds of civilians? Where's the outcry for them?
The problem is the evil that is plaguing our society since jump. Our inability to be respectful of one another. Not the guns.
I personally don't like firearms, Im a bow and arrow kinda fella myself. Should those be banned too? They're deadly weapons arent they?
How fast can u nock + shoot? Dont act the fool. 500+shot in seconds=terrorism. Not boyscout bow +arrows.#impeach45 #gunlaws #resist
How about addressing mental illness! This is the root behind many of these problems with gun violence.
There has to be a way to do this so the nightmare that was yesterday is preventable and not stripping gun rights as a whole
The only way gun control will happen is to outlaw firearms period. And since that is in our constitution, this is a never ending battle.
If you do not support militias having the right to own nuclear weapons, then you have already decided there are limits to the 2nd Amendment.
Last I checked, civilians in the United States arent trying purchase nuclear arsenal. Automatic weapons do not belong in civilian hands.
Then you are for limiting the second amendment.  The question is where the line should be drawn.
See previous post
Don't agree.  Won't call.  When are you going to take threat of terrorism seriously.
@SenSchumer please consider yourself called.
Consider yourself called
Im calling my representatives to tell them to take Communist Democrats seriously as a threat of terrorism, and come up with a plan to end it
Yes, it is terrorism.
...this is the sole "drawback" to living in NY. Consider yourself called, Senator!
Same here
My rep @RepTomReed hates Americans and America though. He doesn't care what I have to say. I don't have enough rubles to give.
This IS TERRORISM. It's DOMESTIC TERRORISM and should be treated with the same weight as foreign. #Enough. @momsdemand @SenateDems
the gun is not the violent person the killer is! do you honestly believe if he hadnt had guns that he wouldnt have figured out another way!
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP (202) 224-3121  #GunControlNow
I wrote you today, thank you for working against gun violence. Freedom isn't fear. #CommonSenseGunControl
I did, and my House rep's staffer didn't even know what the SHARE Act was. I can't believe their phones aren't bursting with calls: vote NO!
More seriously
You never let a serious crisis go to waste - the new democrat tag line
You are the perfect person to take this issue up.  You were pro-gun for years.
Give me a break every time something happens you guys jump on gun control But yet the guns used are illegal guns to begin with
I'll call but to protect our 2nd admendment rights from crazy liberal like you. Also to build the wall  and enforce immigration laws
How are those strict gun laws working out for you in Chicago
Called!
This annoys me.  I've written to you about this before, and once again all we get are requests for input with no action ever taken.
@SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris Domestic terrorism is still terrorism. Pass gun laws NOW!
More cliche's and platitudes. The dust hasn't settled and you feel the need to tweet mindless crap like this.  Useless
How about ANTIFA voilance,BLACK LIVES MATTER,how about the black on black killing,Chicago and Baltimore.
Keep fighting for us
Please i spend the most horrible one and a half hour waiting to hear from my grandmothers
Already did, they are in the pocket of the NRA but I let them know what the people want.
It won't help. These nuts will purchase them illegally and no consequences. Gov. Cuomo would forgive them
We have to try something, not just no automatic weapons but mental health reform too
This guy showed nothing. And you can purchase anything online
I'm not saying it's easy but we have to try something. Clearly there is a solution somewhere otherwise every country would see shootings
Agreed but they always seem to find a way to cause destruction. A van, nail bombs. How can we keep up?
You can't stop everything but that doesn't mean we shouldn't try to make the world safer. I'm just sick of the BS saying nothing can be done
Agreed. This also includes tough laws for people caught with illegal weapons
You're my Representative you Schumer and Katko Git R Done 
You are the only Senator that has voted NO to  all of Trumps gross cabinet nominations and his agenda. You are awesome! Thank you!
You are my representative.  Do your stuff.
What about CHIP
I faxed you. Thank you Senator  Gillibrand for supporting my views.
Hard to compete with the NRA that calls them up and gives them money.
Congress is more interested in their own self interests.
can we add the NRA to the list of funders of domestic terrorism
We should
The View showed a group of photos on these representatives today.
RIGHT TIME TO TALK GUN CONTROL? The co-hosts discuss if it's insensitive to discuss gun laws in the wake of a tragedy. 
I have contacted your office multiple times but you do not respond.  So what's the point?  You only contact me to ask for money.
When you contact your reps office you should ask for a response in your letter or phone call. Otherwise, they don't respond.
thanks, I will try that.  her office responded with an auto reply that stated they would be in contact, but never did.
Give it a try. I just got a response from Rep Rice for a letter I wrote in June. Wheels turn slowly I think!
there's a stunner!  LOL, thanks again.
Your late Kristen...congress already took care of that in December of 1791.
#Putinbot
Luckily, you are my representative. But I will call everyone else!!
I did. Turns out he doesn't care as long as he keeps getting that 
No thanks

What would you propose that would have prevented this?
Then you better get to work in Chicago where they have the toughest gun laws, and the most gun violence.
Blame Pence for lax gun laws in Indiana. Most guns in Chi from OUTSIDE ILLINOIS.  #impeach45 # gunlaws #resist
Unfortunately many are #proud that America has the most #Massshootings... USA USA USA! I Imagine they can't to the screams of the dying...
Chant not can't auto correct...
Thankfully I have excellent representatives like you, Senator, that don't need this plain & simple fact spelled out to them.

I’ll call my senators @SenGaryPeters & @SenStabenow & my representative @RepLawrence today, Kirsten!
Hope your MI rep is more responsive than mine
Who's your representative?
Paul Mitchell
Well, they don't respond all the time as they're busy answering a lot more emails & calls that they may not have time to respond to everyone
No, he never responds. And when I talk to his staff, they are barely polite, and I am ALWAYS polite. He is just bought and sold. I know 1/
I know exactly where his vote will go

The list of 2016 NRA donations to Congress. IS YOUR REP OR SENATOR ON IT? Are they curiously silent on gun control? GIVE 'EM A CALL! 
MORE seriously.  We are MORE likely to die from domestic violence OR an illness we can't afford to get treated.
You reference #SanctuaryCityChicago right?
No more graft from the NRA accepted by your fellow politicians. Stop this bribery that is costing lives!
We need to hear more about what really happened in Vegas. Who is really behind this killing spree?
You’re my representative.
What should we be asking for? Is there legislation we can support when we call?
Ok, thanks for the reminder! (though I do live in Oklahoma, they still need to hear from me...)
NOT gonna happen!!!!!
