For $1.5 trillion, we could
• Lift 3.2 million kids out of poverty
• Guarantee paid family leave
• Make public college tuition free
You LIE! Since when is govt stealing money ever a good idea! Why don't you CUT spending?
PLUS,they're fixated on #thewall that is not only unneeded,but also unwanted by the majority of Americans;forget the stupid #campaignpromise
And that’s a surprise? Trump doing sth selfish???
@itsflawless19 They’re creating strata reminiscent of the Three Estates. We all know how that ended (or we should, anyway).
Your knowledge and vocab doe
Thank you!
Also, your gif game doe
I’m just trying to make my life count. You know...
The GOP care about debt when they want to take away something from the poor & middle class-but when it's for the rich, deficits/debt is OK
Hell yah, vote Republican,,losers.
Eventually the debt will trigger the collapse of our military.
Why isn’t everybody openly laughing these days whenever the GOP says their budget will be good for the average citizen?
Good question..
Deficit Neutral.. They’re all hypocrites.
The Administration is a greedy  self centered protectionist group of elites. They lie cheat and steal from the public poor for status quo
Give the kids a job and poverty will leave anyway
College was not free for me or my kids socialism is great till you run out of the other guys money wake up lady
These aholes don't give two craps about middle and lower class Americans. It's obvious! Need to vote @GOP OUT in 2018! Oh & #ImpeachTrump
Impeach Trump?  You couldn't even get your candidate elected to office!
Ya pretty hard when the muther effera are rigging elections!!! 
#ImpeachTrumpNow
#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachTrumpPence 
#ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
This GOP tax plan! Why are they focused on poising our air, starving our seniors, denying healthcare to the poor and molesting our children?
Says the @DNC who along w @POTUS44  increased the national debt by $10 tri in 8 years.
How can they live with themselves?
But Obama added 10 times that in his tenure wake up lady
Thank you @SenGillibrand for being our voice! There was a time when public college tuition "was" free. Some politicians benefited from this
ECONOMY IS ALEADY GOING SOUTH.@realDonaldTrump .@GOP HAVE SQUANDERED GROWING ECONOMY.@POTUS44 LEFT US.THIS IS TRICKLE DOWN/VOODOO ECONOMICS
It would be nice to see the tax system simplified. I would rather there not be so many loophole and our tax money invested in infrastructure
Same people tell you would be aborted children would add $175m to deficit while claiming 800k daca recipients would add to economy. Senseles
You took $12,000 from that sick, twisted hollyweird producer. WTF were you thinking? Denounce him in the strongest terms possible. NOW!!!
Spending tax payer money is something you're good at.....
Just continuing to show you incompetence concerning the economy.
#strongertogether we rise. 
#votethemout
#staywoke
#theresistance
It was expected. They're so predictable.
@AsburyParkPress @starledger @paulkrugman The economic impact is huge. An LBO on US citizens.
Put money into infrastructure - improve our competitiveness + wages, savings, hope to US workers. Positive economics multiply not divide.
The math doesn't add up, said the HS freshman. Here they go again, scheming to line their benefactors' pockets w/ upper-mid money. Corrupt.
that’s exactly how the GOP likes their business done. They’re not fiscally conservative.
Where was your outrage when President Obama doubled the deficit in 8 years?  Dead silence Senator!
Stop spending then. If my employer is going to pay me less, guess what, I spend less.
Simple solution, to tax reform. #FAIRtax and End Earned Income Tax Credits. Cant be a credit if you didnt pay into system! Give me back my $
Yep my friends love me now
YAY SEN GILLIBRAND
BOOOO TRUMP
Name one.
How very fiscally responsible of them
more liberal bull shit from a leftist commie pos
Give back the Weinstein money. That guy should have made anyone  skin's crawl who had a pulse
Hope you're also following the hidden cuts to medicaid and Medicare in the GOP tax plan, see @ASlavitt tweet series
Well at least u will have a cushion for your retirement
You are such a political hack! You oversaw the doubling of the National debt under Obama, but now deficits matter?
@EricLevitz where is all of the fiscal responsibility n balance the budget talk now Rhinos?
Furthermore why doesn't ever Democrat that's so worried about this start following the president's lead and work for $1.year
#FakeNews
That must mean you would be very happy because you and the rest of the Democrats in Congress are rich living off the taxpayers.
define wealthy
List names up for 2018 midterms!!!
I think the Medicaid and Medicare cuts are outrageous!
#GOPthepartythatkills
who care, Washington created this problem it should come out of your salary, America want tax cut large ones, midterm election next year.
Where were you when obama doubled the debt?  Bailing out banks and companies?  Giving millions to Iran? Offering money for Paris climate?
I, a New Yorker in a household filing jointly with an income around a $100,000 was paying my taxes local, state and federal $ not bitching.
Under this legislation my marginal tax rate might go up or may go down slightly however my government
will be spending money on less of the services I care about and the policies I feel our society needs in order in order to
drastically lower the marginal rates of people making 10 to 1000X my income.... IDK seems pretty easy to figure out my best interest.
How long have you been in office? Show us your proposal!
That'all they care about. Maybe Dems could run some ads on national tv letting the ppl know about this & all the other crap they r doing
Whahooo
Sons of bitches.
That is a lie. You know it, We The People know it. What is wrong with you?
Not bad since Obama spent 10 Trillion in 8yrs!  Sounds like a bargain to me!
Ladies and gentlemen, your "party of fiscal responsibility." The @GOP as a whole is every bit the spendthrift that @realDonaldTrump is.
Not even close to the 10 trillion Obama debt increase during his 8 years! So don’t even go there, 1 trillion?
You want to know what happens to deficit when the next recession hits, like it did just before Obama took office?
Trump's first year deficit already higher than Obama's last year deficit.
You do know that Trump has only had it for what 5 days?
It was Obamas deficit until Sep 30th genius.
Far more middle-class families than 1%ers Kristen. Net effect is a WINDFALL for middle class & economy 
STOP OBSTRUCTING 
DO YOUR JOB SHILL
Looks like Ronald Regan and George W. Bush tax cut plans for the wealthy all over again.
So proud to be living in a budding Oligarchy... Trump and his elves are shifting gears at a pace faster than any before them... Greed Gains
Stop them!
Do everything you can to stop the tax cuts for the wealthy
Correct. .. during the Trump era. Hint you know the answer. Tax cut also go to Donald Trump pocket. Example. You can say
Donald Trump is a businessman own a Trump organization. That tax cut does go to Donald Trump pocket. That for himself. Guessing
