BREAKING: Congress’ nonpartisan budget analyst says 14 million would lose coverage next year under Republican health plan.
If you want to fight back, read this: http://bit.ly/2mFcTC6  #Trumpcare
YES BAD FOR 14 MILLION ILLEGALS STEALING FROM AMERICAN TAX PAYERS AKA THE WORKING CLASS. THANKS FOR 50% SLAVERY TAXES
Obamacare is really bad.
wait a minute yesterday it was 24 million what happened
That should be our choice to have coverage, not to be forced to have it. Many can't afford that Tax.
For once, you're right. It is bad. We should just let Obamacare die a natural death and be done with it.
get a job with health insurance problem solved quit depending on your government to do everything for u
That plan is bigly bad!
DO YOUR PART-YELL HOW AETA INS. BROUGHT DOWN OBAMA CARE IN 17 STATES!  COMMITTED A CRIME-THE JUDGE'S DECISION MADE IN JAN.
How was the previous one good when you count its' success by making the purchase of coverage mandatory? Fine/jail or buy ins.
Only because Obama gave them healthcare our country could not afford to give!  You want healthcare? Get a job...
get 45 to resign. Dig into his ties with Russia.
wow...really going out on a limb there, u hack
If that is true at least they had a CHOICE! Freedom is what most of our forefathers came her for (LEGALLY!)
How many of that 14 million don't want to buy health insurance because they don't need it? Please talk details, not tweets.
CBO was so horribly wrong about 0'care. Why would you trust these numbers?
@HillaryClinkon 24 million forced into obamacare. Couldn't afford it then and can't afford it now.
so forcing the rest of us to buy in is a good idea
@SenGillibrand you need to make a loud and much stronger stmt. against AHCA!!
yep it's like putting your car in reverse and pretending your going the right way
you're going to have a lot of damage to repair when you move into the White House in 2021.
.@SenGillibrand Plan may be bad but anything is better than Obamacare that destroyed middle class health care access & affordability.
You're right, so let's fix it!
@AP What it means is 14 million people aren't forced to buy healthcare
Unless you are a person this bill was designed to help, i.e. a billionaire.
Should they just let the plan you voted for collapse before they do something about it?  Who do I call to get you out of office?
please respond to my questions, we need to hear from you
Ms Gillibrand why didn't any of our national debt go to free universal high quality health care
Ms Gillibrand please respond to my inquiries re national debt vs. cost of higher ed
Ms Gillibrand not all kids are college material where are he vocationL@schools
Ms Gillibrand how are you serving us, you don't know what we need or want
Ms Gillibrand we need you to her us
Ms Gillibrand please sponsor and attend regular community meetings so you can represent us properly
@CaityRooney it's wrong for America. Just wrong. Keep fighting Senator.  We're with you!
stop raping with your #Misandry
The @GOP does not care. They'd rather the poor die if it meant more money for themselves.
why! She doesn't respond or listen to her constituents just like you don't? #EliseStefanikIsPaulRyansPuppet
@RichardAngwin TrumpCare is BURIAL PLAN for poor & old. ca$h grab in Billions 4 1%ers (who self insure) new low 4 GOP GREED
@MattM3502 Hey... the richest 1% are getting a huge tax cut... they will be able to buy a fourth or fifth home
those who vote for this bill should be tried as traitors and criminals.
@RebeccaTownsend It's so hard for me to comprehend how they can keep claiming that it is better...
atrocious. The GOP plan was to benefit the CEOs with hefty bonuses, fleece the poor and just to get rid of ACA wo any merit
*24 million
it's unacceptable! we deserve better!! #HealthCareReform  #TheResistance
really bad or really really bad like obamacare# nice to be part of the solution term limits !!!!!
Being sick is awful. Being sick without health insurance is deadly.
what are we going to do about ? I'm fired up and ready to go!
political suicide
@marcylauren bogus numbers says Price!! Price needs to prove them wrong! Their goal is to kill off the 47%
Agreed. Feel like introducing a senate version of #HR676 #MedicareForAll ?
thank you for your opposition to Trumpcare
MAKE AMERICA SICK AGAIN...REPUBS ARE AT IT AGAIN...
Everyone is good at pointing out flaws but no one is coming up with solutions!! Very upsetting
Call for Single Payer today! Lead the charge!
@MattAsherS It was written to cut gvnmt costs and provide tax cuts to insurance companies. Never planned to help the insured
The insurance companies will probably lay off workers to increase profits for executives.
@AP funny when the media makes a point of saying non partisan you can almost be assured it's partisan.
#TCAREDOA Since SS said CBO numbers grossly underestimated O-care they've NOW grossly underestimated how many will lose care!
like Trump or Ryan really cares.
Their answer? Of course less people will choose to buy hc. No. Less ppl can afford it. Period. Everyone wants it.
it is just going back to where we started from Not a good plan at all. Too bad they are all not getting together to make work
Tomorr half the US will b snowed in & learning just how bad this bill is. 
Republicans are more dangerous than ISIS at this point
well, they are prepared to potentially kill more Americans than ISIS could ever dream of.
Propaganda !!!
it's impressive that TrumpCare would kill insurance for 14 million people in one year. I didn't think even GOP was that evil
@AP this trump care is horrible! Written by a terrorist!
and 21m by 2020...I have no words.
#resist #donthecon #gop #impeachtrump #trumprussia #aca #trumpcare #facts
@AP GOP gappy to leave 14 million without insurance! They are the terrorists!
Yes but the top 1% would get Yuge tax breaks and @GOP  works exclusively for the top 1% 
Next on @POTUS list is SS & medicare
As a citizen of the great state of NY you haven't offered an alt plan #Typicalpolitician #Blameothers #representsmenotreally
PLEASE run for president in 2020 and FIX THIS!
May have to have medical mission teams from other countries come to the US to help the medically needy after GOP is finished.
Doesn't always feel good to be right. I hope there is an opening for a comprise on Health Care! I trust you to lead the way!!
My favorite part is where TrumpCare would benefit the top 
.1% by a few hundred thousand dollars a year.
