How dare our Draft Dodger In Chief pass judgement on anyone who serves our country honorably in the military If anyone is a unfit it's Trump
And a lot join the military for medical, expensive surgery.I would need backup whose head is in the right place, you've never served...
Yes that is true they should stay in the military and serve our country
I agree. Your choice in gender identity has nothing to do with your ability to serve in the armed forces. #Valles2020#Keepitrealamerica
People keep saying "their choice..did it occur to them that they were born with being male in a female body or visa versa?That it is genetic
That is the biggest line of shit I have heard. Your male or female period based on your genitalia. The rest is hogwash
Yes they do.@Gop you all should be ashamed of yourselves.IMPEACH TRUMP NOW before he distorts America. You will all be remembered for this
President Trump is the greatest president of our lifetime
Not only do they deserve to serve but this is the exact type of people we need to serve in our all volunteer military.
Rules and laws don't bend and break because of wants and desires. I want a bazooka does that mean I should have it?
If they go in as transgender sure . If they discover this while in service and we should pay for their surgery no.
No.  Besides you are born with a gender you can't change it
Don't ask don't tell don't peruse was working. As a solder you are excepted for who you are, not who you think you should be.
No we don't need to pay for their hormones and pay for their surgeries
How this is even a question has scratched the deepest regions of my brain to no end.
You pick this issue so you look empathetic .  Small % of people, cheaper to give them each a million dollars than make changes for them.
After you gave wonderful floor speech, shameful Mitch McConnell worked to drop your transgender amendment to Defense Authoriz. Bill. Boo!
I'd much rather we didn't need a military, but until then all those who desire to serve should be accepted.
We should all agree with this.  We should all speak out too!
You have great heart 

Agree but I don't think any surgery for transitioning should be paid for by government
My son wasn't admitted due to childhood asthma... He was devastated!
No they don't.....I don't think they are mentally sound to deal with the pressures of the military & the pressures of personal identity
As long as we don't have to pay for their operation Psychotherapy and hormones
I disagree. Illegal means illegal. We are a country of laws
Thank you Kristen
Yes but the American people should not be expected to pay for their transgender surgeries
As long as they  serve as don't ask don't tell then the taxpayer is not out $$ for idiot operations
All 9 of them!
On what basis do you make such a statement. All actions have + & - have you looked at them or do you just use emotions?
Wrong
At the same time risk the lives of their comrades because of a mental disorder.
Maybe we need to look at gender as being more complex than we thought.Would it blow our mind?Would we be forced to adjust our society?
Yes
Men and women who risk their lives in the military deserve to have mentally stable team members watching their backs.
Instead of whining why don't you do something about it, Congress controls military funding, no trannys no monies
Don't worry, trump will be back-peddling on that shortly!"
Also, if the transgender community enjoys waiting tables, teaching, or working at Walmart they deserve to do it as freely as anyone else.
They can stay, you pay....
I dont care if they serve but WE TAX payers should not have to pay for GRS Hormone therepy, or ED drugs
No.
Stop please. There are real issues to worry about. Not just a bunch of freaks that want to play soldier.
And the ones who hate it enough to commit espionage deserve a fellowship at Harvard, apparently.
Completely wrong, nice try...
Your tweet is "Completely wrong, nice try..."
My friends son was denied service because he took Ritalin as a child. Even though he knew whiv restroom to use.
Absolutely
Patriotism and desire to serve are not the only conditions for admission to military service.
The commander in chief and military need to make that call, not some junior senator from NY that had the job handed to her.
Except if they need meds for ADHD, right?
#Gillibrand2020
Is it true they possess a higher rate of suicidal ideation? Should they carry firearms?
!!!
Unlike our mighty leader @realDonaldTrump who took 5 deferments for wonky feet.
Thought you said people with mental health issues shouldnt have guns..
Some transgender people don't identify with being called a man or woman!
sure, but my tax dollars should not pay for elective surgeries, and people who are suicidal should be discharged
The military is not a social experiment for you liberals to play with. Grow up try being an adult it's the military.
I so agree with you. Who cares what your gender is. There is more money being spent for Viagra than for transgender medical.
You can't join if you have ADHD.
Agreed but why should Americans have to pay for gender reassignment surgery for transgender service members?
because it's the decent thing to do and doesn't cost us very much?
Oh BS.  They need a shrink not a plastic surgeon.
As a vet I agree, it's a small amount of people will to serve these days. They are no different than any other troop
Thank you for your commitment to the transgender community.
Vast majority care nothing about small community interest.Get it done on your own without dis long chorus of music that we have to listen to
you can not serve with a mental illness or so we all thought
if they weren't mentally fit, they wouldn't be declared fit for active service. You don't trust our military's leadership?
no sir I do not when being pc affects policy, if MI is disqualifying, it should be so across the board
if you think being trans is a mental illness then we're simply done here.
well be done going to the DR's office or hospitals too because they're the ones that qualify that way so 
