And I am troubled by reports of Russian interference in our Presidential election.
We need answers, which is why there must be an independent investigation to get all the facts regarding the Trump administration and Russia.
Yes, please follow through with this!
I don't believe that; neither should you. Pence sealed his emails & tells this story b/c GOP wants him as Prez
He is a cheat and a liar. Never trust anything he says.
It's almost as though he told Flynn to have those calls with Kislyak. Facts have a nasty habit of lining up with truth.
@Mike_Pence was not lied to. He needs us to believe he was lied to b/c he wants to be prez once #Trump is #impeached.
Oh..but his time is coming.He's following Trump out the door as well. Wishful thinking,I know.President Ryan is just as painful to consider.
True, any conceivable post-impeachment scenario is a nightmare. Good time to #StopVotingRepublican, folks.
Politicians live in a bubble. America says Trump is a threat to national security, and they are right. Focus
why did admin continue to allow pence to be misled?
Trump knew he had a mole in the Situation Room for a month. Trump was ok with a Russian mole until he got caught. #WTF
how do you know he knew it for a month?
How long did Pence know before something was done?
thanks Sen for standing up.
#treason I don't understand why @realDonaldTrump is not upholding his vow to protect and defend the constitution
We need an independent investigation. Sessions must recuse himself. All business stops until this happens
Full investigation is necessary into Trump and company's links to Russia! #Putinspuppet
@Sibenjam please he was probably following Pence's orders...
Trump is the at the top of the treasonous actions.
Don't just say he is treasonous, PROVE IT!
no GOOGLE IT instead of relaying on alt-news and the National Enquirer.
please understand that had it not become public he would still have his job! No worries they will create a job for him.
good we have a free press.
. Ma'am you're much appreciated. Pence knew.  He's been getting daily briefings. Hes a liar and us citizens are fed up.
please stop this guy.
That's the lie they r sticking with. Where is the guarantee Pence did know?
Would love to see more of you on the Senate floor and on TV.
@LouiseMensch disturbing but predictable.
please hold 45 accountable
So what is Congress going to do about all of this? Seems Democracy is at stake yet majority of Rep sitting on their hands.
oh come on, Senator.  You are too savvy to believe Pence hasn't been in on everything since beginning.  Pence is not victim
Be polite, be professional, but have a plan to disAPPitchfork everybody you meet.
More than disturbing! Flynn would still be in if leaks hadn't happened. Focus on that, please!
More where that came from.  Stay tuned.
Drain the White House
please hold the administration responsible for this
mislead my right toe! They are all complicit... Comey, Stone, Manafort, and Page, as well!
no scruples in Trump admin -deny, deny, deny #teflondon
let's be honest. Pence knew too but they are trying to save him in case of impeachment. He's just as guilty
what can we do to get these danged repubs to have an independent public investigation into trumps Russian scandal?
Pence is no innocent babe in the woods here either. They all need to GO! New elections.
We are being invaded, they are all in on it. We need to act fast.
@LucianaLamb
@LouiseMensch better get with his peeps so they can tell him what he gonna do. I'm sure he has them workin around the clock
@LouiseMensch and turns around and calls leaks unamerican. He mad because the gavel coming for him. He better have answers
@50alli   Flynn was only in office for ~ 3 weeks
Please inform your constituents, of which I am one, of the exact law that was broken. Oh and please provide evidence.
not sure why you think they didn't know. Flynn is a scapegoat taking one for the team
The idea that Flynn acted unilaterally is laughable.   Trump ordered his "employee" to make a shady deal.
Keep asking the tough questions!
where is the #Republican outrage?
we need to declare this election null and void. Trump tried for treason and election forfeited to Hillary.
The Republican Party is now the party of #traitors
Exactly! Please continue to push for a full inquiry into the extent of Trump's communications with Russia .
keep the pressure on! America is behind you!
Yes, planning treason is fine. It's lying about planning treason that gets you in trouble. Trumpettes reasoning Pence/Flynn
Give him enough rope and he will hang himself.
Disturbing? Try Flynn made that call at @realdonaldtrump 's behest.
Source of the leak won't release the entire call transcript. Why? It will clearly show no collaboration on sanction?
What you fail miserably to mention is the treasonist act of releasing classified information. But not important to Democrats
And he was privy to classified information he probably was passing on to the Russians. Treason charges need to be filed
Help!
Russia has been up pumpkin head's butt for many years and, no doubt, has quite the dossier
They were all in on it months, maybe years before the election.
@rmiskimens Now you understand why DT obstructs press, calls it fake news, attacks certain news organs.  IF he uses it's okay
Do u really believe Pence did not know? He jumped into bed with #BenedictTrump the 1st chance he got.
YES, MAAM.  VERY MUCH SO. @GOP   @SenateGOP   @HouseGOP  MUST GET BEHIND THE INVESTIGATION. REPUBLICAN ACCOMPLICES TO TREASON
Come on @SenGillibrand even @aplemkseriously knows we on #Trumpubican time for democracy for Democrats.
flynn, trump, pence, etc are traitors. they are making us less safe every single day they are in office. impeach and lock up
Well, we all know @realDonaldTrump gave the original order.
It'd be like blaming a terrorist attack on a video, while knowing it was a lie the whole time.
Please use all the tools at your disposal to demand a full investigation on the Trump administration! #wedemandtoknow
it's a ra ra #TrumPutin lover of the Russian dream. He wouldn't quit he was off of his head 
Because for people with #Narcissisticpersonalitydisorder it's not wrong unless you get caught! @SenGillibrand  #LockHimUp #thisisnotnormal
@MrsBookCrazy misled? Lol. Pence is a liar too
then DO something about it. Stop whining and  DO something
That's assuming he was misled.   An administration of liars what proof is there that he didn't know.
add it to the long list
@iammoustache And what has them angriest is that we found out....
I'm not buying that Pence was in the dark. Dig deeper & don't stop til you get to the bottom of this nightmare!
It's even more disturbing that Trump is still president.
Thank you for fighting against this anti-women, anti-immigrant, and anti-American administration!
#impeachTrumpnow
Pence knew weeks ago also@Trump told Flynn to make those calls and they both knew thro the entire campaign
demand INDEPENDENT investigation. No compromises on this one
very disturbing.
investigate!!
@ManMet80 IMHO, #45 wanted to assure Putin that sanctions would be lifted after President Obama left office,and he took over.
@zachjgreen I wonder what they'll find if they do an investigation? #shadystuff
#Investigate before determining PENCE did not know #TrumPutin #RussianCollusion
@gdawg138 have said this all along.  Unreal
what's disturbing is your head up Obama's arss. We know what you & Schumer are doing!
@ManMet80 I don't believe that pence is innocent and was misled by flynn. #ImpeachTrumpPence
another mountain out of a mole hill.  Maybe you should have a fundraiser.
First they tried to hide it now want to cover it up. We need to thoroughly investigate the Russian connections.
@quarklesparkle if you have to lie about something, it means you know you would doing something wrong.
I expect you to SHUT it all down until the Congress investigates Trump with the same ferocity that they did to HRC.
Whose word are you taking that Pence didn't know?? Seriously, who believes ANYTHING coming out of this WH? 

@SenGillibrand @jedbettman
of course Trump is hiding his Russian Connections, especially during his campaign.
I solemnly swear  to uphold the laws and NEVER say a negative word against Mother Russia.
#TraitorInChief 
feminist.! For change the world..UN WOMEN world project..WAKE UP..now is the women courage time.The United State of Women
big problem.
@zachjgreen May I ask why Trump has not been placed under arrest yet?
They sure likes to ROAR over a few of HRCs emails which tunred out to be NOTHING. She had 0 improper intent. While Trumps ..
Can't say that. They fired the messenger
@cherokeesher2 keep after these unfit "leaders"!  Don't let them off the hook!
@realDonaldTrump knew. He gave instructions for Flyn to act on...
Sadly this is only the tip of the iceberg Senator.
Not asking IF there'll be a full investigation. Asking WHEN. You're a warrior! You can make it happen!
That's how you do that!
he never misled the VP. Everyone knew. Orders came from Trump.
I'm more troubled that respectable Senators don't seem to care - @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @RandPaul
Don't let Pence play innocent.   He is guilty as hell.
Treason and misprision of treason
Trump knew Flynn talked 2 the Russians b/c he told him to. He tweeted affirmation the next day. Revelation=Action
And what was your position on the lies and coverup regarding Benghazi
Massively disturbing. But why do you believe that Pence didn't know?? Don't believe it. Pence must be investigated too.
why does everyone keep saying misled?? He lied, there's a difference.
we need an independent investigation. Flynn must testify under oath
The VP was not misled. He is part of the problem.
Good grief...you sure do play to the most gullible out there don't you. So insulting to anyone with 1/2 a brain. 
It's disturbing and frightening.
@sterlace_fran Exactly why the leaks MUST ANDNWILL continue
disturbing that your side sent Susan Rice out to flat out lie to the American people. Disturbing that IRS used to punish, etc
I've yet to find anything not disturbing about this administration.  History will judge them very harshly
Deliberate! @SenGillibrand They needed VP in the dark to maintain plausible deniability for all. They forgot the IC listens to EVERYTHING.
Yes we need investigation. Much bigger than Watergate. Goes beyond US party politics with international sovereignty issues.
Destabilizing NATO, no pushback on Russia re: Baltic states & Ukraine! USA needs voice against  aggression!!!
Pence is not innocent in this. Just because he said that is when he knew does not make it true. Do not believe him!
WRONG........ They were colluding with RUSSIA for over a year.
Not so sure if the VP was misled I have a feeling he knew also.
Just my 2 cents worth.
I guess Mike Pence is being used, a token presence. Thinking  part of admin & realizing no.
tip of iceberg.
this story that Pence was misled seems unlikely. Cover for Pence who will be 46.
come on Kirsten this is Leader Trump we are talking about. Remember "the powers of the pres will not be questioned"  stevie
disturbing but unsurprising
Can you run for president in 2020, please @SenGillibrand Your resistance to the #SwampCabinet was very patriotic!
More concerned about CRIMINAL leaks from Obama leftovers intelligence people. PRIORITIES!
pence knew, pence and trump worked with Russia to hijack election. #SpecialProsecutor now
We really aren't stupid, Pence isn't either but he's a better actor! He knows how 2 CYA, has more BRAINS. He's ready 2B Prez
And now Trump is complaining that the truth was made known to the media. No wonder he despises the media. #BenedictDonald
dFlynn gone...more to go.
Stop your lies. Had AG Sessions been confirmed, the investigation  might have been 2 wks long instead of 2.5 wks. Dillusional

@Donna_West You think because they also involved in treason?  Come on let's all wake up please.
More disturbing is how the demoncRATs are involved with #GeorgeSoros. Trying to usurp #PresidentTrump
and who knows what top secret info Flynn was able to see during that time.
Oh, please everyone knew, even Pence.These are a re a team of World Class liars & treasonists,including a few Cabinet members
the smoking 
Mike Pence is clearly the outsider. Everyone else is directly aligned with Russia.
and then they complain about the information becoming public.
Please push for inquiry, and ultimately, Impeachment! The US people need representation. Russia is coming.

ABOUT PENCE AND RUSSIA

Read: http://tl.gd/n_1spkgnr 
impeach now!
disturbing indeed. Country deserves a firm response with accompanying action
- Well, they're terrible, terrible people. ::sigh::
