BREAKING: Lacking votes, Senate GOP leaders abruptly delay vote on health care bill until after July 4th recess.
If Obamacare was collapsing and such urgency then why are they taking a break. Because like the travel ban it's all BS . It's all a LIES!
Call (202) 224-4515. The Senate Committee on Finance is counting requests for open healthcare hearings until 6:30pm EST. 

PLEASE RETWEET
Are you sure about this? Could you share a link to more info? Thx.
Just heard from a friend. I called and spoke to someone. I'd recommend calling the number and asking the person who answers
What did they say when you called?
They asked what state I was calling from and thanked me
Cool, thanks. Will call now.
Done!  thanks for sharing
you're welcome and thank YOU!!
@AP Any truth to rumor McConnell scheduled vote for Friday?
Enlighten people about how the GOP are fighting among themselves on how much to cut back the ACA and Trump lied about Medicaid.
Don't be fooled - GOP will hike up premiums for insurers & arrange for a kleptocratic tax gift of a trillion to billionaires no matter what.
Can we call and ask what they're doing about Russia too?
We can't afford Obamacare or Senators Like You. Stop lying about the details of the proposed Healthcare bill and scaring people
@tsen what is your insurance or are the tax payers paying for it?
I have 2 policies and both I pay for.
No you don't Tom.  You live off taxpayers money. Sad.
Oh, I did!
Just announced a new bill for Friday?
@dmel1223 @AP Remember to call the bill TRUMPCARE. We must make Trump realize that this evil bill is his legacy. TRUMPCARE!
Find out where they're appearing over the Fourth of July holiday, and show up there.  Use every opportunity.  We need more verbal fireworks.
Yes, but they will try to do something sneaky.  Their agenda isn't anything to help the citizens, only their donors and get at Obama.
Like @BernieSanders said; bottom up! Get to the issues that affect everyday people everyday! Lead with the issues. The 'who' will show up.
I'll keep calling for your resignation
While you are celebrating, many people are suffering the consequences of Obama Care. Why do you continue to ignore us?
Karma is winning!
Would be great to see some Democrat Senators holding rallies to support the ACA and protest Trumpcare during the break!
My worry is this off time will be spent forcing Republicans holding out to approve when they return.
Keep calling
Where do i call?
Find out who your US Senators are , then call 1-202-224-3121 and ask the operator to connect you to that Senator's office.
Thank you so very much. Will get on that in the morning. I hope it works!!!
@AP Yes! #Resist #Indivisible @NYWUlster19
It's a trick. They'll convene and surprise pass it in the middle of the night when no one's looking. I know all their plays by now.
Keep the pressure on before McConnell pulls a fast one."
Sen GILLIBRAND We Don't Want ObamaCare! It =NoCare
Also, Sen-G, CBO #s exclude impact on revenue: absenteeism, productivity, disposable income, so tax revenue.

#TrumpCare
#TheResistance
I'm still calling for a REAL repeal of Obamacare! Thanks for the encouragement, nothing less than FULL REPEAL!
yes tada cemo znati podatke carobne cifre koje su.
So proud to have you representing New York.  Thank you for all you do.
We need new life & leaders in the party; Schumer/Pelosi totally ineffective, barely taking on Trump/GOP. We need you & others to step up.
Yeah, but they lack votes because people like Cruz think it doesn't go far enough.  Disgusting.
Yes ma'am
Are the Dems going to try and negotiate at all during this opportunity? At least offer to meet and work on a compromise...
Keep on stonewalling the locusts
We will, thanks for all you do!
Daily phone calls
It was such an honor to meet you today :)
They will bribe them in the end. All on the make. Every. Single. One.
Trying to reach you about @LIRR and @MTA is the phone off the hook?
The @GOP should take Warren Buffett's advice & work on a single payer healthcare system. The insurance co dominated system doesn't work!!!
Let's all keep up the pressure
Keep being an obstructionist
No way to make a bad bill good. It perpetuates the con. No American's life or health is worth the price of Republicans "winning"
Everyone who sees this needs to call, email, and/or tweet the GOP Senators who said "No" and thank them; even if you're not from their state
This short-term victory is fuel for the longer fight. We can never give up as long as GOP wants to push this atrocity through.
I say keep OC as is, cause it works so well....
@mydoggigi @AP Yes, call relentlessly. Send postcards, letters, march outside their offices and homes!
It needs to be repealed!  A clean slate to design something fair and equitable that works for all is needed.
Actually, was just about to call your office in fact. Thanks for fighting. Keep it up.
the DEM's need to get their act together to "fix & repair" the ACA
Hallelujah! But we need to keep fighting. Remember Congress? #ResistTrumpcare #trumpcareWillKillUs #SaveACA
GOP owns healthcare they can't blame Obamacare for everything  they caused it now fix it  Insurers are leaving counties blah blah blah
I'll keep calling. FL constituents should keep calling. I will start counting the days @marcorubio has a full voicemail box. Represent!
This is the first time I've ever had a Senator who I am truly proud of and deeply admire. Keep fighting for us and we will fight with you.
If a vote is "no" today why would it change just because the vote is held after the 4th. No means no!
Spoke to one of your very kind staffers this morning.  Hey @SenSchumer - how about answering the phone?  KG got you beat.
GOP: "TIL that Americans are terrified of losing their health insurance and finding themselves unable to to afford health care. Hmm."
The difference between Republican and Democrat representation. Been calling you for years & NO RESPONSE! HYPOCRITE! https://www.delphisalariedretirees.org/delphi/ 
I just did. It took 2 minutes and felt great.
Can't get through. Sen's office staff not answering phones. District or D.C.

That would be Corey Gardner (R) CO.         COWARD!
Don't forget #Fbombs help get your point across #classy
@GeorgeTakei @AP make them work through the recess
@HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan lacking votes because the bill is trash! @realDonaldTrump
Keep calling. Don't let up! 
I am. Every. Single. Day. (Or faxing, at least.) Thank you for fighting this bill!

Keep up! #ResistTrumpcare
Do something! America is losing its status in the world because of this insane man!
Yesss
I have, in favor of.....
Call to #DumpGillibrand first chance we get.
Surprise surprise that they didn't have the votes
We will. And thank you and your colleagues, and apologies to all your kids for a lack of family time at the moment.
Will do, sister!
Keep fighting for us, senator!
We will. Keep fighting @SenGillibrand ! Thank you!
It's not happening. Big pharma would lose too much. They'll be paying off republicans as we speak.
If too many people lose their insurance Big Pharma will be out a chunk of change, actually. /1
The ones pushing this bill are the Kochs and Mercers et. al. who don't like paying an extra 3% tax for ACA. /2
To be effective in a political fight you have to know who your opposition actually is. /3
House did the same and it still ended up passing. False hopes.
False hope can still lead to real results. Keep fighting!
YES!!! Every call, every voice matters!!#Resistance
lol, compared to your "illustrious" leader, she is a novice in vulgarity!
