#BREAKING: Trump has decided to end DACA, with 6-month delay
http://politi.co/2gvodg5  
#AMERICAFIRST  #AmericanVeteransFirst. 20 veterans commit suicide everyday!!! How about taking care of them FIRST then illegals
Terrible decision by President Trump
Finally a president that will make congress do it's job!
Hopefully they will do their job when Mueller finishes his investigation.
Mueller done. With the recent revelations about his friend Comey, his only witness, mueller has nothing. If he fabricates civil war is next
This is the problem with only watching Fox News. You may want to change the channel 
Never watch Fox.  Must be a CNN fan huh?   Watch OAN and learn the truth
Oh my!   Same polls that said Clinton would win no doubt.  You still pay attention to polls?
What a nice guy to give Congress six months to do ur job that u should have done years ago. Great compassion and lawfulness!
Love this! We are diversity.  We are all one!
You can call it what ever you want. Obama broke the law an violated the constitution.
If Congress don't like the law change it but don't break the law.
Why aren't you hollering at Congress for doing nothing about it for the last 5 years?
Why is Trump the bad guy for congressional inaction?
Your constituents in 10804 (and way beyond) support you in doing whatever is in your power to #DefendDREAMers
Yes we do!
#charterchange#gordonboyd its about transparency
This is NOT their country.  They are visiting,  illegally
So was the unconstitutional way DACA was implemented. You're just pissed that you are forced to legislate a fix and pay for it next election
Giving them a way to 'come out of the shadows' and never beginning process of legal immigration speaks volumes.
their country?
You know what else is an affront? You standing with ppl who have killed Americans. http://www.fairus.org/issue/examples-of-serious-crimes-by-illegal-aliens …
#UnemploymentCanBeGood
#WithTrillionsOfIncomeToBudget
#MakeAmericaDebtFreeAgain
#IfYouDontKnowHowTo then
#YouDontBelongInCongress
Must be nice 5 weeks off and only working 12 days until next break
That's funny the LAW, doesn't agree with you.
All these people have to do is apply for citizenship and become a legal binding United States Citizens. DACA dead Apply 4 Citizenship.
@politico they are still illegals
Please no compromise with Trump attempts to backmail Democrats playing DACA or ACA, etc. against his never ending ridiculous racist wall!
Sorry this is not affront to all Americans. Do you decide which laws you will abide by or do the rules of the land apply to everyone?
We need to dump Sessions and Miller. Sessions is out of step with the times. We need someone younger-minded. Keep DACA.
What is the Senate too lazy to do their jobs? You have 6 months to come up with a reasonable plan. Get to work.
IMPEACH Trump/Pence
Dreamers are:Teachers,Nurses,First Responders,Journalists,CivicLeaders,Rescuers,Students,Neighbors,AMERICAN,HUMAN BEINGS WHO DESERVE DIGNITY
Trump is an affront to everything that is supposed to be sacred in this country. He's a racist and an unfeeling hypocrite.
He won't be in power to see it though thank God
They are filthy, greasy, shiftless #Interlopers
***This is their country. ***

No, it is not.  That you cannot tell the difference tells me how cheaply you hold your patriotism...
Trump hasn't said so why are u upsetting people w/false news???
Affront- but what will decent Americans do? Time to rise up. Now is the time
Trump is an affront to what we are as Americans.
At least, I thought he was.
Apparently not to 63 million of us.
   
You have enough folks of conscience in the Senate to write a bill to replace the EO. Do it & pressure the House. We need your leadership!
If they want to dream and have the rights we have they should have applied for citizenship here
People who come here illegally are not Americans or have the right to work or Pursue life here.
Or citizenship. my God they've been here long enough
Not an affront to me. Speak for yourself. FYI. These kids you refer to. Most are working age. Why haven't they applied for legal residence
I stand with and support the #Dreamers as an American. #DACA
What they call this home,while carrying Mexican flags don't let  me L.M.F.A.O.
No worries!  Gives us all loads of time to see him gone!!!
Then why don't they apply for citizenship?
@Ireland0828 @politico  There should actually be a statue of limitation for those who were children.
Deport American children to Venezuela.
That's literally the stupidest sentence I've seen on twitter today
Are you oppressing the cognitively disabled? Your cognito-fascism will not stand!
Citizenship isn't about what country you call home. It's about what country calls you it's citizen. Not a citizen? Not your country
Does his wife get kicked out
She's legal. They are not. End of!!!
Really? So you and your snap personally interviewed all 800,000 of them. OK how many have applied for citizenship? Just wondering.
And I'm wondering how many generations your family has been here
Should have voted for Bernie Sanders!
Dream Act now.
@realDonaldTrump @SenMcConnell is not your friend! #stopRACISM #keepDACA if you want to #MAGA. You two Make America "Grate" Again!
U spelled great wrong
Dear, I spelled the correct "Grate" for what @realDonaldTrump and @SenMcConnell are doing to America and to the world.
they get free education, free medical. Where is your sympathy for the American kids that are dreamers.
Whats an affront to me is ur dreaming if you think DACA was a good idea from the beginning, save our own US children first from poverty
They are a legal, throw the wet backs out now!
So impeach the guy already. What is taking so long?!
Because more than half the population voted for tump and want him in office
No,this is not their country,they are NOT American citizens. Want to blame some one? Blame Obama for creating this illegal EO.  #EndDACA
Wrong, we are a country of laws and they apply to everyone.  I know democrats think they are exempt.  They are here illegally, period!
How do we fix this and all 45 continues to break?
@PattyMurray Upholding the law of the land is now an affront just like worrying more about illegals than own citizens is not.
If they're in the country illegally, it is not their country. Most first graders grasp that concept. Get it together, Kirsten.
Agreed its sad Congress sat on immigration for years and now is left to the whim of 45 shameful!
So fix it....
She will fight for this, but some feel it necessary to pander to the likes of Robert Mercer who funds nationalist BS.
Dreamers could have lived somewhere else for 16years or more since there is no birth record b4 coming to America #tightupthemessage
Did congress act to pass a law? Nope so stop blaming others when congress failed to act. It’s your job.
Consistently, his policy decisions are mean-spirited.
Please make a push to bring the bills stuck in Congress for a vote
Nope.
Why should I vote Democratic in 2018
#exgop
#dosomething 
#exdemocrat
Soon to be #exnewyorker
The affront was by Obama and his pen & phone. Congress needs to address this.
If only there was a group of people who could pass laws we wouldn't have to fear trumps executive orders
NY has 23 lawmakers & 2 senators. U had 8yrs in ofc. Why have U ignored IMMIGRATION REFORM? 350,000.000 can only VOTE or CALL/PASSOURAGENDA!
Since 2010 the Dems have not had control of Congress. Republicans controlled the House and blocked so many things.
presently there is no red or blue/no one wanted this POTUS/ they have responsibilities to pass law that works for us/they are acting brats
Do your job! You knew this was comming, what did you do?
Yep and people that own time shares in Hawaii are native Hawaiians. #DACA
Thank you @SenGillibrand for your support of families and children and your work to defend DACA
Really? What did she do to prevent us from getting to this crisis?  Nothing!
Yes! Please protect the dreamers. Please do what you can, don't let trump end DACA. I'll support any action you take to keep our promise.
Trump is not ending DACA.  It was designed with a sunset.  What has congress done to avoid this crisis?  Nothing!
Pls talk some sense into ur senate colleagues b/c @realDonaldTrump will just continue w/ this insanity. Not just abt DACA. He nds to be !
Work with the rest of congress for a plan.  You won't get everything you want but might be able to get a few things-better than just blaming
Help push through the #DREAMAct so that we can start providing a path for legal status!
We have one. They need to leave and get in line. #EndDACA
I'm sorry you feel that way about your fellow Americans.
They probably have been misinformed by media outlets that cater to nationalist principles.
@politico 

DACA was a band aid, for a permanent solution  introduce legislation to allow Dreamers to naturalize.
And how many have tried. The 3 "23" yr olds I saw haven't done a damn thing. Send them back
WHEN. . They are returned they won't know the customs, ppl, or language. Will the get their DACA money back they payed to our country. . no
America needs to protect her own. The Dreamers ARE our own- we need to pass legislation to keep them here.
No they are not
All should stand  up for the dreamers they are Americans
This is not their country ! America belongs to Americans not to non English speaking aliens ! Let's support our own for a change !

Presidents don't make law, Congress does - U.S. Constitution. If you feel so strongly about it, Senator, you have 6 months to make it a law.
This disgusts me!
Trump is an affront to who we are as humans.
Are you going to propose a legislative stop? Please do
This is the problem with doing things by E.O. It can always be undone... pass a law if you want it so bad
Too bad Trump doesn't do that. Most of what he has done is unilateral EOs
Excactly so left or right supporters shouldn't expect any of this a done matter or irreversible...
Did your family come here rich.
You're 100% wrong & you're a Senator? If they ONLY called the US home.. They would be an US Citizen. But maybe you missed that part
Let's just give all immigrants found crossing the border a SS# and tax them for income in the U.S.
Please do what you can to fix this! 
Fix what. An illegal executive order
You are an affront to the legal process. This and your sanctuary cities. If you don't like America and it's laws go to Venezuela and live
I have to point out that for 8 years and even longer congress hasn't done anything on this. So #hypocritical to cry crocodile tears now
No it isn't. The affront happens if congress does nothing in the next 6 months.
Then, Senator, you and the rest of Congress need to stand up and put a stop to this president.  Trump is clearly mentally unfit to lead. ACT
I can see your appalled!!
Please run for POTUS, we need you!!!
Well, Senator, you have an opportunity to codify DACA.  At present, it is unconstitutional.  Quit complaining and fix it.
Why the delay ? DACA is just another back door , to fill America with people who do not respect America ! Who only want a free ride !
Can Congress remedy this?
Congress has failed for years to do anything. 8 years of Obama included
It's wrong to force these children and young adults to leave the only life and home they know.1/2
Trump is an affront to who wevare as Americans. He's an abomination.
They need a path to citizenship NOW @SenSchumer @NYGovCuomo
There is a path to citizenship, get in line like everyone else.
What about Native Americans living in poverty?This country is theirs above all. Let's help them be4 the dreamers who came here illegally.
Not a surprise. He's getting rid of everything Pres. Obama supported. That's his goal. Delegitimize the Obama presidency.
Policies born from EOs die by EOs. Why didn't Obama get legislation passed instead of circumventing Congress?
I know this one! It was Republicans vowing to obstruct everything Obama did even if a majority of Americans were for it.

Too much hate in the USA right now??
Do not china is bad not twitter
WHAT A HORRIBLE HORRIBLE MAN!!!
Hey GOP & SENATE!!!  Time to END America's Worst Nightmare and Endless Misery!!!!   
DO SOMETHING!!!
Lady Liberty is lying!!! "Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.." "Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me, I lift my lamp..."
Upholding r immigration laws in the first place would not have allowed this 2 happen. how did we get to over a million illegals in 1st place

What is an affront is lawmakers advocating ignoring our nations laws. That is the real affront.
Amusing to place feelings of lawbreakers above the country. We aren't going to Mexico to get freebies, wave US flags and demanding the vote,
So u would rather they stay on temp status? Or is it too hard for u to work on constitutionally legal plan? Lazy hypocrite!
No it is NOT their country.
Even to a person with no soul, this is senseless!   The Dreamers are part of our nation...we have invested in them and we should benefit.
Then why don't they apply for citizenship if they want to be Americans and I think the president wants to get rid of the criminal illegals
They would love to be citizens, but don't you understand how their families have been forced to live in the shadows? They came as children.
The murderer of this man's son was 3 when he came here. But he didn't stay 3 ... These Americans matter too.
Jamiel Shaw Sr.: "My son was murdered by a DREAMer." http://bit.ly/2p6srOR  
Your one example shows nothing about the big picture of these low-crime, high-achieving young people who see themselves as AMERICANS.
There are plenty of examples but how many dead bodies is a big enough pile for you to care about? 5,10,30? Breaking the law can't be ignored
Plenty of examples... on Fox and Friends.
What does even that mean?
Elections have consequences. If you didn't vote, it is your fault @realDonaldTrump is President. Don't make that mistake again.
Technically, they must have called another country home, or they would be called citizens and not dreamers!
It's an affront to me that you're ignoring the laws that were duly-enacted because you don't like them.
Actually the Executive has power to grant deferred action and it's been used for decades. It's part of the law. Do research.
This action should compel you to get to work, write some legislation, and create a reasonable path to citizenship.  You, have failed them!
If he isn't gone in six months we are all in trouble.
Meanwhile, they hang Mexican flags from their rear view mirrors
I hope facts and reading don't make you uncomfortable https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.rawstory.com/2017/09/they-are-91-percent-employed-joy-reid-annihilates-guest-comparing-dreamers-to-welfare-recipients/amp/ … 91% of dreamers are employed.
No surprise that my comment of simple fact receives an insult with no sources or actual information from you.
Yes Kirsten, and I know you will be fighting this unjustifiable hateful action.  Thank you!!
So true!  She's trying to make decent human beings out of the poor lambs that have misplaced their souls sometime in the past few decades.
@BretBaier @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity IF SO, THEN WHY DO YOU SUPPORT ABORTIONS---YOU MUST BE EITHER A HYPOCRITE, OR A POLITICAL FRAUD
It's time for you and the rest of congress to take up this vote
It's an executive order. Nothing to vote on. END DACA
Yes,  but Congress has 6 months to take it up!
No. That's what the press is saying. We'll find out tomorrow. Anyway. Send them home.
No, giving illegal immigrants access to help unavailable to CITIZENS is an affront to who we are as Americans. 
Wrong. So wrong. You're immigrant fam got help. Why pull up the ladder now? Be specific.
MY immigrant family from China, Korea, and Mexico didn't get access to these benefits because THEY did it LEGALLY. 
Probably not. China and Korea were exceptional in illegal entry. You don't know what you don't know. It's ok. Just don't demonize ths bend
Sweet effing Jesus, wow are you "special". not sure if you're drunk or on drugs, but either way, kudos dude. Btw McKerson sounds tots IRISH
You are AWFULLY obsessed with ethnic origins. You need help racist. 
Nice projection, sweetie. Happy Labor Day! Love ya!
They should go and make their home countries great again. #deport!
What country? They came here as a child.  What country do they know other than America?
The one they were BORN in.
Not all patriots were born in America. Not all Americans are patriotic.
Yes I can see that...
u must know Sen that what u r saying is legally untrue; PBO order is unconstitutional & must be repealed it's up to u now to pass a law
Because congress refused. Let's grow some balls and get this Done. I will help.
Do away with DACA...its illegal
Pass something legal, the.  It's not hard. So the right thing. For once.
That is a gross generalization.  You have no way of knowing that or who these people really are.  Stop pandering to non US citizens. #MAGA
Yes we do. 100% have no criminal record and 91% have a job. Better record than most Americans. I bet Mark couldn't pass the test.
NO. This is not who WE are. This is who YOU & YOUR PARTY are. YOU are ok with criminals, but NOT ALL OF US ARE.
DREAMers have lower incarceration rates than native-born Americans of the same age and education level.
What action can be taken? Lawsuit? Hide them in homes?
Please do hide them in your home. 2 birds 1 stone.
UBSOSMART KG.
They can and should blame their parents.
May I blame yours?
Mine never broke any laws.
You sure???? Cite their entry date and entry port. Lmao.
This is what happens when the electoral college elects someone the majority didn't. We get someone who doesn't care about America's values
I do believe you may be a troll!
So if a parent steals a car and a child has only known that car as the family car, they can keep it?
If a moron argues a false equivalency on Twitter,does he get to keep his account?
It is time for the United States to end trump
