Senate republicans vote to allow ISPs to sell your private data http://bit.ly/2nIhuVC  
@SenGillibrand yay 4 U but U never followed thru prohibiting student directory info sale. Talked to your peep plenty
It's so interesting how some still don't understand directory info. You'd think lawmakers would @SenGillibrand
I remember @SenGillibrand staff laughing at me yrs ago when I told him I couldn't keep emailing them because I had injured my shoulder & arm
Thanks!!!
thank you for your no vote.
thank you.
how is it that I have to pay a company (ISP) for a service that in turn violates me and my privacy. This is truly insane
Congrats to the GOP for pushing anyone famous off the Internet to protect their privacy. Including them.
Thank you.
Thank you!
What the hell is it with those republicans? seriously.  I just. don't. get. it. #ThankYouKirstenGillibrand
hey we are all watching. We respect you. You do the same.
Hey RaffyDaffy, "respect" is something that is earned. When GOP earns it, I'll give it.
 thanks!
Please run for POTUS in 2020- we need you.
Gillibrand2020
this is step 2 of 10 in #DestroyingNetNeutrality. The FEC is doing the bidding of the media and ISP companies.
can we just dispense with the kabuki and call the Republican Party the "fuck you" party? Because that's what this bill says.
Thank you @SenGillibrand!
Thank you Kirsten for doing what you can.
The State of Oregon, among many, sells DMV information.
WOW. That didn't stop you for supporting #SOPA & #PIPA. What changed Senator?
#Broadbandprivacy #TakeCTRL #privacy Thank You 
Good for you. Just keep  staying on our  side.
thank you!!!
Thank you so much, I do hope people understand what a evil bill is this. People need to awake up. Your prices in insurance 
Thank you!
Thank you.  (I don't understand how supposed conservatives care nothing about citizens' privacy.)
I wish my senator @SenatorCollins felt the same.

Thank you for protecting our personal information and interests.
thank you! As usual you rock but we gotta do something about your co workers
Thank-you!!! Very  happy you're my senator. Couldn't ask for better representation!
Thank you. Sad that your @GOP colleagues thought this was a good idea #CountryOverParty #resist
Thanks again! Another vote for your constituents!
I'm pretty thrilled with my @SenGillibrand. She's the best.
I voted against this bill—no company should be allowed to sell your personal info to the highest bidder. https://twitter.com/motherboard/status/845002219242053632 …
I am one of your constituents.  I voted for you.  Thank you for this vote.  Stay Strong!
@MiaFarrow STILL passed Next: Health Care, EPA, FDA, & TERRIFYINGLY MORE Can't believe this is our lives. My country. #moving
Thanks for your efforts.
Thank You Senator!
I appreciate your vote! This is such an invasion of our privacy and I bet most people don't want it. Can't stand the greed!
@ryrysven We got sold out. Thanks gubmint.
#thankyou.
@mxjustinVbond it is only one step from buying and selling people, which this GOP & prez would vote for.
Just keep fighting  for us. And you are on our side. Politics  is a very lonely  place  for  us  Democrats  these days.
thank you
Thank you!
Thank you for voting for our privacy
what is the justification for this? Less govt? Or simply more revs for corps? R's have monetized computer users en masse
what?  Thank you for your vote.  But how could this pass?!
'they' sale us to the best bidder. money,drugs, sex (porno)
Thank you Senator.
this is despicable!  Have we no recourse???  Thank you for voting against.
thank you
thank you!!!!
@motherboard good job Senator.
thank you, I'm glad you represent NY. It's sad that the GOP put everyone up for sale. When will people realize.
Use a no logging VPN 24/7. No way I'd go online anywhere without.
Thank you!
what's next? Harvesting organs?
thank you
thank you
Thank you, Senator!
I've come to the conclusion that Republicans just don't like people.
Thank you. @EdRedstateblues @motherboard
thank you!! Our info should not be for sale!
thank you!
@DavidWetherell thank you!
thanks for trying
Excellent vote: We need to know who voted for this data-sale. WE should be able to control our personal-info
Thank you, Senator.
It's about time my representative voted against something unconstitutional..#gunsdontkillpeople do...
thank you
You rock. So glad you're in the Senate.
— Thank you! From a proud constituent. #gratitude
Thank you for voting no, Senator.
.@SenGillibrand the G20 signed away the online privacy of nation member citizens surveillance done by ?? To protect global financial markets
The G20 all agreed that economies of its nations were potentially at risk from cyber attacks & manipulations. So they met
thank you for voting in favor of personal privacy.
@motherboard thank you
Thank you Senator!
freedom of contract. Don't sign with the company then
@luisacva can we get the browsing history for the senators who voted for it, please?,
thank you
thank you
@jaytay777 Thank you!
THANK YOU! At least there are some sane and responsible senators. I appreciate your hard work
.@SenGillibrand International media is all over this. The US however...
says everybody. What is going on? Good gawd.
Thank you - I can't believe that anyone in good conscience could vote for this, and the restriction on future protections is reprehensible.
As always, I'm with you!
Those who sponsored, supported, and voted for this legislation are literally enemies of the people. #resist the #corrupt @GOP
Thank you
thank you
Thank you!! Sorry to hear it didn't pass
thank you
And they wonder why there are leaks?  Privacy invaded again...by our own government.
thank you !
the GOP defense of civil liberties is completely random & schizophrenic. Their philosophy is rotten
.@SenGillibrand  Thank youbfor fighting for us.
Thank you...again.
THANK YOU for voting to protect constitutional rights, like privacy. Where do we live anyway, and what century is it??
thank you for your vote on this. I have been critical of you on other stances but we align here.
Would that be similar to buying your vote for $5.00 remember back in the good old days Kirsten?
we are all watching. Heads up Hudson Valley. #MAGA
I am so thankful that you have my back. Thanx for fighting the toughest fight you've ever been in. You ROCK
Sadly, technology has a way of eroding our privacy at a time when we lose more & more of our civil liberties "to protect us"!
can't believe his assault on privacy happened today while we're busy watching poor people have their health care stripped.
I don't think we can blame this on drumpf. I think this is the GOP. I guess MONEY has changed hands.
I'm so sick about this. We can not mistake "security" in exchange of "privacy"
Thank you on behalf of my fellow NY'ers for fighting for us!
what about the CIA spying on emails and getting caught? Nothing happened because they're the law
who voted for it ? Are they sick ?
thank you! The issue needs visibility. Please make big noise about it.
@motherboard I did not know there was such a bill.
Thank you for representing me!
Thanks for protecting our info! Or trying to, anyway.
Thank you Sen. Gillibrand. This is a travesty.
@MiaFarrow @motherboard My mortality is a pre-existing condition.
@RajGoel_NY we couldn't filibuster this?
- Senator, you seem to be in the minority when it comes to morals, ethics, and guts. A gem amongst ragweeds indeed.
will this wind up in the Supreme Court?
@motherboard Thank you for fighting for what is right.
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you @SenGillibrand !
Thank you
Thank you, @SenGillibrand
Thank you Senator
You are my hero. You have a bigger pair than anyone else in Congress. We will remember in 2018.
I'm very glad that someone is looking out for our interests.  The repubs r destroying our environment, regs & rights.
Thank you for your vote on this!
thanks! Is there any way this can be halted?
@cherylsnodgrass Thank You!
Thank you!
thank you!
Thank you.  Thank you for being sane and representing people over corporations.  Thank you for doing all you do.
Thank you! Too bad there weren't enough conscientious republicans who'd vote with you.
Why wasn't it subject to 60 vote rule? Which Dem's voted for this horrific bill? We deserve our privacy.
You rock Senator!
thanks.
I'm glad that at least all Democrats voted against it.
Thank you Senator.
@motherboard you're the best! Thank you @SenGillibrand
Thank you; this is an awful bill.
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand!
Thank you!!!
@motherboard 
Thank you Senator.
amen sister
Thanks @SenGillibrand Sadly @RepChrisCollins has sponsored a similar bill in the house. Guess big biz $ more important than his constituents
How can they do this to us? Why are they doing this to us?
Thank you @SenGillibrand!
@deedee_Eee  sorry i dont trust voting of any kind in this country anymore
@GOP anything for the $$$ it's all the @GOP cares about not WE the people
this is why you're a rockstar.
Look what slipped through while we weren't looking
Way to go!
glad you represent us !
.@SenGillibrand @motherboard Doesn't the Privacy Act apply here?
who wrote that bill
Thank you for your vote. Some reps. are looking for potential donors later
Thank you.
Thank you @SenGillibrand. This is outrageous.
Anyone have a guess it's chance of passing the House?
Thank you. GOP time & again proving they'll sell the American public out to please their corporate overlords.
So grateful to have you as my senator.
thanks for consistently standing up for your constituents.
-Thank you! Very grateful to have you representing me.
.@SenGillibrand Would love to host your thoughts on this @TechCrunch. Let us know if you'd be interested in scribbling something for us?
Please keep a list of all that needs to be fixed after we oust the R's from power.
@singlepayer What are these GOP morons thinking? Stupidity to the nth degree. Wait a minute does the bill protect their Info?
Surely GOP have browsing histories  wouldn't want public. Prob should've thought abt that 1st
@motherboard thank you!
thank you for sticking up for your constituents and your country!
can't help but be irritated by GOP and say will it get sold to the Russians
I am surprised there is no more uproar about this infringement on privacy?
These people are truly sick. It's just plain weird now. How mean can we get...that's the GOP mission statement. Bizarre!
Thank you.
we need more like you.  Keep fighting for us.
high five  senator. Thank you.
Thank you for defending our right to privacy.
TELL everyone learn how to VPN
Thank you for opposing this terrible bill.
I'm betting neither one of you have read the Bill
