Breaking News: President Trump, flanked by coal miners, signed an order to undo President Obama's climate legacy http://nyti.ms/2o7UNe4 
Appalling..
This is criminal behavior, he's ruining our planet for the next generations
Shows how little he cares about his grandchildren.
@lizstack117 the miners jobs not coning back it is the corp execs $$ who benefit
what can be done about this? This can't happen, the environment is in too much danger right now!
you are needed more than ever to fight this maniac!
.@SenGillibrand @EPWDems says the woman who scuttled the military rape law to make a Clinton endorsement & now might face Chelsea for effort
.@SenGillibrand @EPWDems I would say not well played @KellyAyotte for it all is a better future as at least she tries to learn
The predator is raping America. #BenedictDonald
No, the environmental protection was choking us.  You guys had no plans to ease the transition, but instead just put a choke.
Can't   happen because  of a stupid .an who has no regard or concern for the well being of human life and destruction 2 all.
Relax. ACA, INFRASTRUCTURE and TAX reform. Is what to get busy about.
@EPWDems America could be #1 in renewable energy, but instead, China is.
I agree!
Say no to the criminal tyrant misanthropist
Thx
https://youtu.be/dxmXtMeO4-M 
Mr. @realDonaldTrump is the best thing that happened to America in decades. To sabotage him is either hatred of America or crass stupidity.
it all comes down to who paid him how much
Good. About time you de-Growthers has a setback.
very disturbing #RESIST!
that's what people do that has fake hair for a birds nest.
They don't want to lead, they want to rule.
#help!
What does it matter what US does when no one enforces China, India. Their pollution literally moving to our west coast.
@JoeNBC @POTUS The GOP hated Obama 4  "leading from behind" yet they'd rather not lead at all. #CleanPowerPlan
trump squanders the future of the country for a fistful of money, and to kill 'black president good deeds'. Pathetic and dangerous.
@nytimes Need some of the industry leaders to go public with refusal to dump pollutants on planet -just because they can.
He's selling out clean air & water in pursuit of the all mighty dollar. Greedy, corrupt, WRONG.
Bullshit.
Lead on Climate? By destroying our energy industry through insane regulation, based on manipulated false data?
I'm sick. It's our  too!
crushing blow to the well being of this country.
the eo clearly puts big oil at the top of 45's agenda. This eo will harm us & the world.
so sad.  how to explain this to my kids...
we're still way below the required limits so a few years to straighten out b4 we spiral into uncontrollable costs
I'm dumbfounded. Who in America has been screaming for dirtier water and air?
if people can't feed their children today they will care less about some future looming disaster
you can't pursue policies, including not curbing fracking, that cost jobs that support millions of people with no backlash
The rest of the world moves ahead,  Trump takes us in the WRONG direction back 50 years.  Stupid disregard for the future
so sad coal workers actually think they will get their jobs back?!? Just another Trump grandstand when will people wake up!
@annelacy94 Hello 1955!
:(
@realDonaldTrump @msnbc The president's grandchildren will have to drink the same water and breathe the same air as mine!
keep up the good fight! We cannot allow this to happen. We only have one planet .
That'll be his footnote in the History books..*Screwed uo everything he touched.
climate change is a liberal lie. Change is inevitable and we need to adapt. Attempting to stop "climate change" is futile.
we can still lead. We do not HAVE to do what he dictates. Let's start calling out corporations that begin de-regulating...
he knows but doesn't care that he is signing the death warrant of future generations
This makes me nauseous.  Our planet and our future at stake, and this Regime is all about scoring points.
geez you dems are all alike!stupid!
We better get crackin' on transportation to Mars. All of us (who believe in climate change) may need a new planet to live on.
@CleanAirMoms We could still lead on climate if you can redirect him to nuclear over fossil fuels.
@nytimes Climate Change=Climate Tax, no thanks.
I'm heart sick over this
this is horrifying! This administration is disgusting
The DT admin is destroying so many things that took years 2 accomplish & 4 no good reason. We deserve better than DT.
We already lead (punishing our own citizens) and will continue to lead after the exec order. 
Global warming hoax!
Coal jobs are never coming back.
Those coal miners need to retrain for jobs in clean energy and move to where the jobs are, like everone else.
you might get more support if you weren't so totally partisan!
This country should lead and be an example to the world on environmental protections.
maybe you should accost restaurant goers like clown @SenSchumer
Who will hold this pathetic, petty man accountable for using these miners as props, giving false hope while cutting off vital services?
Trump's supporters are backward and ignorant and their "ruler" is a greedy con taking advantage of them
disgusting and sad.
it's like he's trying to destroy everything good.
he is a destroyer. He enjoys the power. #dumptrump #fire_the_fool #notmypresident
It's damn shameful.
We need to lead in spite of him. We need some CEOs to take a stand and push clean energy. I would love solar power!
Not only that, if he really cares about jobs the real growth industry is green!
Of course he did - please keep up your hard work!
get him out!!! Please!
@JustTheJune0101 #DonTheCon & #bananarepublicans determined to turn U.S., world leader, into 3rd world backwater. Sad for all
Trump is evil. Greedy, ignorant & immature. Not the kind of person who should be responsible for people's lives! #TrumpRussia
You take money from the fossil fuel industries and wall Street ! Who the hell are you to criticize Trump !
...because he isn't for the people he is for big $$$$and he doesn't have a clue as to what he is doing.
.
#Trump action on climate is WRONG, dangerous for the whole world!
he's worried about creating jobs. Obama had continual job growth without harming our health or contributing to climate change
I don't know if he does this because he hates Obama or because he's a putz or both. When will the madness end???
@nytimes I don't get why anyone even wants unsafe coal jobs. Education should provide sustainable competitive opportunities.
because he's a corporate guy! Sadly, America is now an oil company with an army!
this latest move is wrong wrong wrong. Our children and our children's children will be forced to pay for this mistake.
is there a way you guys can help stop it? GOP had blocked some of PBO's orders. Why not do the same to trump?
For one, I'll be able to tell them I voted against them all in EVERY election. I didn't sit home and let this happen in the first place.
back to the 60's Garbage in Lake Erie
he needs to be impeached soon!!!
@bannerite did he point them to the nearest unemployment office after?
@EDFaction Amen!
Sad news!!
Leading from behind.  Actually can't even call it leading.
@realDonaldTrump wants to go backwards to an industry that kills it's workers instead of forward to green energy
.@BillWalker14 Yep. Like when the robberbarrons killed striking workers rather than accept regulation
@SenGillibrand @realDonaldTrump
Not surprising but horrifying nonetheless.
Go POTUS!!!!
it would be wise & it would be important business move to lead in most important area of science/ industry for future
He wants to roll everything back to the 50s when White Men ruled.  We know how it turned out.
With this climate change horror,Trump has confirmed he is the worst president ever!He must be stopped and removed from office
Those same coal miners who will die in debt due to no healthcare and no jobs
our country could have lead on jobs, but, 0bama killed them. CC is a hoax.
our country could lead on many things. Where is My Country.
With all the LIES &Russian entanglements, this presidency should have been stopped long time ago--our govt won't put USA 1st
2020, this country needs Al Franken as president, and if you could join him as VP, it would be a wonderful presidency for all
@MissusSmith Let's go back to those days in 19th century London where the coal smoke was so thick it was difficult to breath
EPA has too much overreach as it is.  No proof on global warning.  Just another means to extract money from my pockets.
this #SOB45 is just trying to delete Obama from History- Can't happen @realDonaldTrump orange paste ur too late Ha, HA
this also shows on the most important things we need more than EOs. You never know when good orders will be repealed.
so you don't care about the people of West Virginia. Not very nice Senator.
this is so scary. His lack of vision and lack of interest or respect in ANYTHING other than money is unbelievable
Keep up the good fight. Thank you! #climatechange #ResistTrumpTuesdays
Climate change is a part of UN Agency 21, a new world order scheme! No way US should be involved & funding!
it'd be good if democrats offered a vocal, clear and affirmative position on clean energy instead of just reacting to Trump.
Dear Future Generations, we deeply apologize for our foolishness, we knew & chose to do nothing.
Come on. MAGA!! Like when the air was so polluted it hurt to breathe.
so what does this mean for the State of New York and the amount of money we've invested in clean air and energy?
If there is anything that I as a foreigner can do to help you against this policy please tell me. It concerns the world
it's the dumbing down of America
Welcome lower utility bills, more jobs, and less dependence on foriegn oil!
Please provide proof.  Coal production won't change, jobs impact is minimal due to tech.  Facts not rhetoric.
Do these 1%ers really think their money will mean anything when they ruin the Earth's air and water?
So agree with this.
anti-
@realDonaldTrump will be remembered for destroying our planet, tech innovation, medical research, education, science & more
He's ignorant but we have to educate the public. Information is power so expand PR #resistance @OccupyDemocrats @TheDemocrats
awesome I guess now power companies will covert natural gas power plants to coal ..  #NotGonnaHappen
we will remember this in every local, state & national election going forward. Dump the GOP.
President hell bent on destroying our country as he sells our country to Russia
disgusting he is killing us ace the planet
he is an utter disgrace! @realDonaldTrump has no vision. Where is the leadership and true investment in our future?! Sad!
He doesn't care about the future. he just want himself and his friends friends to get richer
China wins again. Thanks Trump.
Sorry, I can barely read your tweet as I am gasping for the last bit of clean air we have left. :(
Elections have consequences.
it began with Reagan taking the solar panels off the White House after Jimmy Carter put them on, and hasn't stopped.
#2020
God you're such a clown.
thank you for fighting the good fight!
Shameful.
GILLIBRAND 2020!
so CA and NY will have to do it for him.
we also need to call out companies giving campaign money to climate denying pols like @RepKevinCramer. R u listening @Ford ?
He only cares about making money for the 2%!
what now?
absolutely deplorable!
