@siadvance  #WomensMarch #NY #statenisland I'm so proud to have you as MY Senator @USSenateUpdate in Washington DC 
Thank You :)
Time to block all Trump fascist policies - what is your plan?!
Please make much of this. Just think—ideologically, all those women believe what you believe. Quite a mandate.
please don't follow after Clinton. She was lifeless and boring.
consider removing negativity from your message... go high... $5? $10? = not worthy???
Thank YOU Senator! Great to see you there.  - one of your constituents.
do you represent all the people of your district or just democrats! Do your job ! You should be ashamed of yourself !
Thank you for being the *only* one to say NO to Mattis. Keep doing the good work!
.@SenGillibrand Please continue to support NY by oposing DeVos'nomination
Thank you for voting in favor of keeping civilian control of the military. You are a person of principles.
I couldn't fit the rest, I have ALL DAY!
Thank you for your work to protect women's rights. Please continue to keep fighting and opposing Trump's backwards views.
Thank you, @SenGillibrand for participating in this march with us.  Proud to call you my senator!
thank you for marching. thank you for representing what is good about New York! :)
thank you for continuing to work hard despite the obvious challenges.
Oh stop already. Whining white women
would any of them make me a sandwich?
You are a PUPPET for #Soros
SOCIALISM or WORSE 
Stop the games 
All of NY is not happy with you & @SenSchumer 
@POTUS #MAGA
Senator, I trust you will stand in opposition to #JeffSessions for #AG #TheResistance
There is no way trump is going to strip our healthcare to fund a war! WE WILL BE BACK this is unacceptable! I voted
Now, I ask you to fight tooth & claw to defend #RoeVWade
- we were there. Next step: vote NO on DeVos.
@SenSchumer DeVos is one woman we, who actually pay taxes to fund public education, would like stopped.
Thank you! Excellent speech!
I pray all of these women will contact their elected officials next time your Military Justice bill is voted on.
THANK YOU for fighting so hard for my rights!!! I was never so proud to be from New York as I was yesterday! #WomensMarch
Thank you for energizing women everywhere with your stirring speech.
Did Mattress Girl march?
we are the people speak a loud until Trump show his tax report to American people.
Try thanking  the soldiers who protect you and the freedoms you enjoy. Most women didn' t have a clue why they were marching.
.@SenGillibrand we women from the Lower East side were thrilled to hear your inspiring speech!!
@MENofWM thank you
I hope you live next to a woodboiler
George Soros really came through by paying for those crowds to show up.
all of us? I didn't see my check. Was I the only one?!?
Talk to George.
you were great up there!
If you want to be a true leader you need to travel to Syria to talk to ISIS sense you voted against General Mattis .Liberal Bullshit
You were so great today! Thank you!
Please get to work on your Repub. colleagues.
Too much at stake. They should consider their places in history -sheep or lions
98 - 1
What a shame for the message they are giving with misinformation. I am embarrassed that you make yourself a part of this, yet no surprise.
Please follow thru on the March today. Take our demands to Trump. Set up more marches. Set up organizations to move forward.
my daughter, husband, and I went to the #WomensMarch in #NYC - thank you for all you do! Please keep fighting for us! #resist
Vile expressions and vulgarity were eye openers to all..If you really want to expose oppressed woman, midde east is a start
your words were so inspiring. THANK YOU!
fight for what is right on behalf of all of us.
Thank you for your words today Senator!
thank you
si signora
great speech at the march today! Proud to call you my Senator! We will fight. They will be removed.
That we are all equal, and all of our voices matter, or just the voices of the marchers?
We are counting on you to be sure our voices are heard & our concerns are addressed in the Senate  - and in the White House.
you were amazing today- thank you!!
here in NYC too
yes you do have a voice of selfishness and divisiveness. Be an damn American first. Your individuality defines you not gender
thank you for your service!
Thanks for being there!
THANK YOU for being our voice!  "Today is the 1st day of the revival of the Woman's Movement." #WomensMarch #NastyWoman
Looking forward to seeing you run in 2020 senator!
Speaking not as a Democrat, but as a NY resident: I hope y'all use this momentum to rally across the aisle and stand up for what's right.
thank you for coming to the #WomensMarch today.
stop Jeff sessions from becoming AG !! He cannot be!!!
supporting Domestic Terrorism makes you a Terrorist has well! RESIGN TODAY!
thank you for supporting all of us who marched as well! I am proud you are my senator
you are Despicable! Do America a HUGE Favor and RESIGN!
thank you for being with us today!!
no Pruitt no DeVos no Price
What did you get at the end? All I heard was foul mouth women. All I saw was streets filled with trash....
#WomensMarch
Be very careful who you hitch your wagon to.
@redsoxmonster 45% of women did not vote for Hillary!
we are counting on you in New York
Thank you Senator Gillibrand. You were inspirational. Am proud you rep my former state. You lead, we follow!
I know ppl here in ur area that uses abortions as birth control. That is excessive. How many is average...5 per person
I hope u know your voters are watching and are not too happy. Focus on issues here. Western NY abortion rates r astronomical
Thank you for speaking so passionately!! Made me proud and grateful that you are my senator!! 
Thank you for coming - loved seeing you there! 
#WomensMarchOnWashington is great but also Tell people #DemPlanOfAction What you want them to do. These marches alone will NOT solve problem
HA! PROTESTING SOMETHING TRUMP HAS NOT DONE?  LMAO
Thank you Senator.
Don't let Schumer be the only outspoken Senator from New York! Hillary has blazed a path for you! - Native NY'er
thank you.
Thank you for your support. PLEASE be strong and fight this administration every single day.
Just remember, this is the beginning.  Start calling politicians everyday.  This is a new movement to take America Back.
so by "everyone" you support madonnas remarks about blowing up the White House? I'll remember that at election time.
So will I & my family & friends 
Never will get our votes again
(6)kids???personal business attachment...
thank you for coming and repping NY with us !!
Thank you for representing NY. We need more leaders like you.
