Its time for a #SustainableEconomy
its #Justice4All not just if you can afford it
Its not Dems vs GOP #WeAreInThisTogether
Senator- the best a Pres can do for jobs is to cut govt involvement (2) The Pres has zero impact on wages.  Zip.
that campaign-speak needs to sound
more @BernieSanders & less @HillaryClinton
if you want to win 2020
what is going on with NYCHealth+Hospitals and jobs/their finances?
I agree we need better workplace policies
he has no plan. Only hyperbole
don't hold your breath
What about support for public education?
yes. Thank you.  I am proud you are my senator.
you will have all three if you would help him.
and yet...none of the above but blame to immigrants and his predecessors.
.@SenGillibrand with respect to you Senator, he is a Traitor with deep troubling issues of pathological lying or delusion. Soooo...
and don't forget #RussianHacking of election & those #TrumpTaxReturns. Thanks.
What you will hear at #Jointsession:
1. campaign speech
2. no serious policy
3. angry denunciations of immigrants
But you'll hear 
I Won!
The Bad Ones!
Fake Everything!
The Wall!
Oh yeah...I Won!
@gop @senategop @housegop @SpeakerRyan @leadermitch      
 @mike_pence @gop HE HAS NO PLANS
Better workplace policies? You are delusional. We have it pretty good.
you wont hear that even if you listen real hard. He has no plan for those things.
End the Fed!
I need to hear he will #standupforscience and respects #actualfacts
You had presidency for 8 yrs. Why didn't it happen then.
You must be asleep at work @POTUS has been nonstop for the last month.
OMG why didn't the Dems have you do the response to POTUS? #JointAddress
you've been under the ether too long. DT has done more in 5 weeks dismantling regs & creating pro biz env than BHO did in 8
what I need to hear? Something. Anything that will finally make the republicans stand up and kick his orange butt out
and a plan to get rid of pandering lying politicians who feast on feelings and paranoia instead of facts...both sides
Patience is a virtue you will be rewarded this evening.
You will collect your social security before you'll hear that from THIS president. #DontheCon #Socalledpresident
A plan to end Rampant anti-semitism, Anti-immigrant laws, BAN ON Muslims, attacks on EPA & freedom of press...ETC etc
45 is not a legitimate leader- he's a hate and fear mongerer that will only push this country into turmoil
We need to see his taxes and investigate his ties with Russia. #Impeach45
agree with your agenda points with the caveat that we talk about non-manufacturing jobs and skills training.
You know it's not gonna happen...
those are god but I would like him to condemn the acts of violence and anti semitism
I need to hear he is resigning
first two are his purview, but not the last one; He's not a dictator, as much as you wanted Pres Obama to be.
We'll hear about his giant win, Carrier, bad hombres, & Muslim dangers. Sad!
Where were you during the Obama years?
.@SenGillibrand @POTUS We're not organized protestors,  just friends. Came to yr NYC office today. He needs to acknowledge that truth.
what about the environment? Without the environment there's no life, not to mention jobs.
I'm afraid we're going to be disappointed if we wait for anything like a "plan." It's all: Ready. Fire. Fire. Fire.
Senator, don't forget to yell out that "he lies" a la Joe Wilson.   Payback is always warranted.
plan:
We are gonna have the most jobs.
Our people will have the biggest wages.
We will make our workplaces the best.
Plan for #paidfamilyleave Plan for protecting #environment :) Thank you for all you do
4. a plan to resign
don't hold your breath. Unless avoiding smell of bs
He has already told us and the left is too busy bashing him to listen.
I feel bad you have to sit through that. I'll be watching something more upbeat like videos dog abuse
a plan for clean air and water, a plan to welcome immigrants, a plan to let women choose how to deal with their body.
Yes! And that he will share his taxes
and a promise to show his tax returns.
@SenSchumer @SenBookerOffice @SenSanders @SenWarren please send a message tonight: #dontshakehands with #45 #resist
Another day where I cant go outside!
I WONT BE HOLDING MY BREATH
Where were all those demands when Obama was President?  Your man did nothing.  8 years and he failed all his people.
I rather hear he's resigning
Then LISTEN to him. Quit the obstructionist politics.
Dream on GilliaCutty, you live in a fantasy world, an unsustainable fantasy world & trajectory is 25deg downward.
I wld like silence on anti Semitic threats & the murder of Indian immigrant to end. POTUS job to address hate crimes
we need to see you do your job. He's got this and owes you nothing..
None of that matters if he is not a legit Pres.  #investigatetrump #resist #Impeach45 #SpeakUpForUs #NOTNORMAL
I trust you're not holding your breath? Seeing as I'd like for you to live and all...
what I need to hear: a plan to protect our health and environment
With respect none of that matters ahead of his Russia ties. Biz conflicts. Thuggery towards jews, minorities. Don't normalize
Sorry to say Madam,what U will hear 2nyt is: Obfuscation,ECwin,Leaks,ObamasFault,FakeNewsMedia,BELIEVEME(alot!)
problem is he doesn't have a plan.
let us not forget, this is a man whose campaign song was "You Can't Always Get What You Want."
If they tax our employer healthcare benefits, they might as well be reducing wages......same net effect.
Good luck tonight. I am sure it will be painful. Proud that you are my Senator.
how about his resignation
4. a plan for safe drinking water 5. fresh food in US food deserts
at this point I don't want to ask him for any plans because they're all gonna be bad. I wish he would just watch TV.
A plan to not ravish the environment. Please work to help save our parklands, our waterways, our future.
@ManMet80 @POTUS How about a copy of his tax returns for everyone there?
please remember that without environmental protections, we won't survive. We won't!
how about his ties to Russia! He needs to be impeached! We will lose 240 years of democracy! Don't turn blind eye
@LiberalAnna @SenGillibrand @POTUS I stand with a different applaud Senator Gillibrand
don't get me wrong she is incredible! Just don't want them to become complacent. Normalize him
a plan for equal pay a plan for family leave a plan to support public education a plan for women a plan for children
and protection of our water and air!! We don't need hundreds of Flints! Dereg of EPA is scary!!!
I hope you get up and walk out if he desecrates our halls of democracy any further with his hateful language. #resist
Don't hold your breath for answers.  He is only going to make a fool of himself tonight.
A plan for his resignation.
oh please you just want to hear something you could use against him
What you WILL hear:
1. ME 2. ME 3. ME
what you are going to hear at #Jointsession :
1. Obama's fault
2. MAGA
3. Sad!
Well that never happened with the last Pres.  And you have been there for a # of yrs,where's your plan?
good luck with that !
I also wish we would hear about a plan for maternity and family leave.
I love what you are doing but I don't that will happen at all he'll say Hugh jobs or say nothing about jobs !
what's the plan when we don't hear those plans? Don't work w/ 45 who's breaking up families, threat to nat'l security #resist
The govt doesn't create jobs! They set the stage with common sense tax and regulations. Supply/demand increases wages
.. add to show respect and dignity for allto that list!
4. Condemn terrorist white supremacist groups 5. Keep promise for a health coverage for everyone.
Speak out against hate crimes and a plan to work on his mental illness.
what I want to hear: I quit.
Good luck with that Senator. What you'll hear is:
1. Lies
2. Falsehoods
3. How great Trump is
4. Blaming of others
I think you'll get one out of three.  He's never said "good jobs."
also a comment about the rash of anti- Semitic incidents.
what u r going to hear is bragging about nothing, taking credit for stuff Obama had in place and the usual gaslighting
how about he needs to acknowledge all the hate crimes  he is causing and answer what he is going to do to stop it?!
.@SenGillibrand DON'T hold your breath. Neva happen.
But maybe more crucial: Denounce rising hate crimes, welcome refugees, invite investigation of Russian hacking.
Don't hold your breath, Senator.
What you'll actually hear:

1. Electoral College Win
2. Lying Press / failing @nytimes
3. Walls / criminal immigrants
@POTUS
.@SenGillibrand What you'll hear from @POTUS:

1. I won the electoral in a landslide
2. Our military is depleted
3. I'm the greatest
How about clean water for Flint?
good luck We'll hear about fake news & how great @realDonaldTrump thinks he is. Where does rationality fit in
His thoughts on those topics:

1. Coal will solve everything.
2. -Eerie silence-
3. Sexual harassment is legal again.
is this a list of what you won't hear? I want to hear his resignation
don't hold your breath Senator. We're all counting on folks like you to fight for those things!
Why on earth are you even attending? The Dems should boycott this illegitimate lying so called president.
Pres lies 70-80% of the time. Does it really matter what he says? His actions speak louder than words!
and his actions have been deplorable!!
what I want to hear from @POTUS is a resignation. #POSpotus
Sure, that would be nice.  Unlikely, but nice.
it won't happen #TrumpRussia #RussiaGate
what I don't need to hear about is his HUGE victory at the election.  Enough already.
But those things would make America a better country for Americans. THAT agenda is totally against Steve Bannon's plan
he won't. But he will stand up there and ot himself on the back for an hour
4. Plan to be disappointed
Thank you, for standing up to a terrible administration. I am proud to be a New Yorker because of you.
4. A plan to eliminate hate crimes
you really expect this from a narcistic wannabe President, that does nor read, nor listen?
What I need to hear from him: "Who knew this was so hard? I quit."
One hundred percent #agree with this.
Who's writing the #Jointsession speech?
says tweedledee
4: his retirement speech
some kind of effort towards unity would be nice as well. Real effort, that is
yes, but good luck on anything of truthful substance from POTUS
- Also, he must outline collusion with Russia, releases his tax returns, and apologize for his antipathy toward so many...
Funny how none of that was important for the last 8 years,and still isn't in upstate ny! You know! Where you represent
...And Number 4...a quick and speedy plan to resign and vacate our White House!
I would appreciate this action myself: Resignation                                   But then I'm a dreamer so.
Tax cuts, deregulation, Make America Great Again ...done! Don't set the bar so low senator
And how about unabashed TRUTH?
what about equal pay
It would be great if Trump would condemn hate crimes as much as he does the media. The media isn't the enemy hate is
Wow. Can you hold Gov Cuomo to the same standard? His 'Start up Ny' scheme was a total bust.
In more than 18 months, he has never had or been able to articulate a 'plan'. Best bet is to ask Bannon.
What I need to hear is his resignation! #Trumprussia
What scintilla of evidence can you share with us that this president cares about any of these issues? What?
what I need to hear:
1-I lie...a lot
2-I have no idea what I'm doing 
3-I quit
I'm guessing you'll hear how much of a mess everything is.
btw, the only mess is him.
condemnation of anti-semitism and hate crimes, truth about his Russian ties, his resignation letter
and Infrastructure
Don't hold your breath.
you mean a real plan not voodoo economics
Sadly, you'll hear none of that. Push back on this lunatic. I beg you!
Good luck getting Twitler to do that.
The government doesn't create jobs you Ding Bat, the market handles wages, work place policies, whaaaaaaaat? Clueless
Dems must stay focused. http://Jobs.Healthcare .Environment. In advertising you hit your 3 or 4 top features. Stay concise!
he has plans for all 3. Beautiful, tremendous plans. When you see these plans, your head will spin. You will get tired o....
What I need to hear is "I resign as President of the United States"
4. A plan to fight climate change, 5. A plan to address recent antisemitic acts by his supporters, 6. His resignation.
How about full disclosure??
exactly. Isn't he supposed to be the business president all about jobs and putting people back to work
lol
4. Investigation into Russia's interference in U.S. election. (Just adding item that he also won't talk about.)
.@SenGillibrand @POTUS And maybe not another speech inciting racism, and threatening our environment and healthcare?
Jobs as long as they destory the environment-raises for the wealthy-better everything for the wealthy #thetrumplan
4. Addressing antisemitism, racism, transphobia, investigating Yemen op, or are you going for the low hanging fruit?
.@SenGillibrand @POTUS Don't hold your breath... #Resistance
if you know the Right Wing know GOP. Trumper / Right Wing don't support Minimum wage increase. Example there Wall Street
but things you brought up. Trump said he want to bring back job in U.S. manufacturers. Trump did not prove it. Saying.
Thank you Senator for unrelentingly fighting for what's right. Thank you, A life long NYer.
1. The military 2. Contractors for the military 3. What, like letting coal mines dump into streams?
I would like to hear those things too, senator!
And condemnation of hate crimes.
yes, this needs to be at the top of your list, Senator.
what you'll hear:
1- Mention of his electoral votes
2- something something Chicago
3 - see number 1.
You are today's Twitter Winner!
a plan to protect the environment? A plan to protect civil rights? A plan to not take healthcare from millions?
All. Of. This.
I agree, but maybe she KNOWS she'll never hear that & is holding out hope for smthin remotely possible
sorry you have to sit through it, Senator.  I'll be watching something on my DVR
what u will hear, will not be this. why do you as such of a man who has shown us nothing but the fraud he is?
Please don't hold your breath waiting for Hisself to say these things.
What you'll actually hear: electoral votes, the word "great", more about electoral votes, possibly "fake news"
clearer immigration rules too. So many with legal visas losing them.
wait, you dont want to hear about his electoral college win?
You're going to be waiting for awhile then.
.@SenGillibrand #TrumpTaxes #TrumpRussia #WeThePeople want to know
