as my senator you constantly make me proud
We know you think the EPA is like GOD. I assure you it is not, the #EPA is a power-hungry, anti-capitalist govt agency.
You wanna cookie?  You would've opposed Smoky the Bear if #POTUS nominated him! #Pruitt #MAGA
thank you. He did not deserve it.
Thank you!
and you will not get my vote either!!!
Who cares what a troll votes for? @SenGillibrand has my vote for abything, but hopefully for president 2020.
funny.   So fools will be fools!
@kindNotWeak2017 You are a hero to faithful democrats!
This New Yorker is behind you- thank you! #savetheEPA #WeWontStop
Thank you for being a responsible steward of our environment.
Thank you Senator. But now we have to be even more vigilant and resist his efforts to dismantle his own agency.
thank you
I knew we could count on you!  Thank you !
@kindNotWeak2017 Kristen for PREZ!!!!!
@IndivisibleofAZ @HouseDemocrats this is what it looks like to *resist* talk is cheap #VotesHaveConsequences 
again more stupidity of politics/ Pruitt dared to hold the EPA accountable/ YOU refuse!!!!
I very much appreciate that and I know you will do your best to restrain him
Thank you!
thank you for caring about us and our children
Thank you, Kirsten!
Thank you for your outstanding leadership and courage!! You will have my support and vote in your next election!!
typical comments.... why not wait and see instead of the constant liberal whining????
Thank you! Please keep resisting!
you are openly against everything this administration does...please go away..you will never be #NEVERBEPOTUS
I called your office to say Thank You!
Thank you. He has absolutely ludicrous conflicts of interest to even be considered for EPA and is going to wreak havoc.
thank you miss gillibrand . Its just sad our environment is in huge danger !
@realDonaldTrump Thank you, Senator. Pruitt has no place in the EPA, that he has been confirmed is a disgrace.
They should just rename the EPA. From now on it's the PPA: Polluters Protection Agency.
thank you for your no vote!
Don't you mean hostile to junk science,  job killing regulations and economic subversion?  Go #Pruitt . #MAGA
thank you.
back to the 60s where taking a stand actually meant something. Thank you
Thank you! Please continue to represent your constituents so well.
Thank you. Proud to call you my senator. Please consider running for higher office! We need more visible principled people!!
Thank you!
you should be announcing your run for POTUS soon. Just saying
and that's relevant how? #irrelevant
Thank you, @SenGillibrand!
Thank you for trying.
thanks Kirsten. Keep fighting the fight. Our environment is at stake
you've got my vote!   Thank you for your continued fight for our rights
Thank you, Senator! You represent New York well!
that's because climate change is fake, like all the fake news.  Thought u knew that.
#NotTheEnemy #notmypresident
Find a congressman to introduce Articles of Impeachment; or commit the lunatic to an asylum, & plan your run for President
2 Dems did, & they deserve our wrath. GOP puts profit over human & environmental health, Dems are supposed to be good guys.
Thank you Senator, please keep fighting!
thank you for that, wish more of our elected officials had the guts to take the moral high ground!!!!
The environment cannot protest as it is voiceless . Each of you with a soul needs to speak up and fight to protect it
thank you for your level headed leadership.
thank you for trying
Thanks for voting against ALL of them, Senator!
thank you... please keep fighting for us
thank you senator
thank you
thank you - now the real work begins to save our planet from @ScottPruitt_EPA
Thank you!!!
of course he didn't - u r beholden to Soros & the gang!! Nothing new here. U r bought & paid for similarly to Hillbilly.
Thank you!! Proud to have you as my senator!
Thank you.
Thank you for standing up and for all the NO votes.  Happy you are my Senator!   Stay strong for us!
Thanks Sen Gillibrand. Keep on fighting the good fight.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator!
We will protest and continue to put pressure on this admin but we need you guys to continue speaking out!!
If the court ordered docs are ever released, do what you need to do to undo his confirmation.
@VoluntryIndefnt  Thank you, we will keep fighting !! @donaldtrump @potus @AltNatParkSer @BadHombreNPS @AltHVNP @AltMtRainier
Thank you Senator! You keep us sane NYers hopeful!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for representing us so well!!
- Which is my bellwether to believe he's a great choice.
keep up the good fight Senator!
thank you. You are the only one showing real leadership.
Please smack Manchin & Heitekamp for those of us who like clean air & water.
thank you!
There's a bill in the house to end the EPA in December, 2018....did you know that?
All U seem able to do is vote no! That is easy to do, follow Schumer's orders. EPA exists to make regulations.
thank you
THANK YOU
thank you from a constituent
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand!
that's because YOU are a ROCKSTAR. Run for president in 2020. We will work hard to turn Congress BLUE in 2018.
thank you for standing up for the environment!
thank you from a constituent, please keep fighting for the environment and human rights
@SAEdelstein to much regulations and waste of money
Thank you!!  
Pruitt? They blew it!
Thank you!
he shouldn't have gotten one vote let alone have been appointed by that mockery of a president @realDonaldTrump
so proud you are my senator. so who do i call now about the rest of congress sucking??
thank you.
thank you! Please continue to fight for the environment & keep him aware that America is watching closely!!
many thanks
Thank you! We need more people like you!
thank you.
Thank you
@bkindivisible Thank you Sen. Gillibrand. You have allowed me to believe that political integrity is still alive!!!
I hope No Democrats did! Or else they should be ashamed for enabling them!!!!
Get ready for our own Beijing air
No surprise; no one got your vote. You're Radical Democrats who don't know the meaning of the word fair. 4 U American last.
Thank you for all you do for us. Binghamton 13905
Thank you for your continued work.
thank you!
Thank you, Senator. We must prevent this man from destroying environmental protections that have saved our kids since 1970.
Thank you for opposing Pruitt. Unfortunately, the battle has just begun. Now we need to watch his every move.
What else can we do now?
Thank you, Kirsten.  Unfortunately, no thanks to my senator, Manchin.
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand! Please keep fighting the good fight!
shocking!
Thanks Kirsten.  You're a well trained Seal. Here's your reward fish.  Open up!
#keepitupkirsten !!!!
keep fighting for us
Thank you!
Thank you. Long road ahead.
Thanks for trying to keep the fox out of the henhouse!
Thank you. Stay strong, stand tall, #resist. Keep pressure on for an #IndependentInvestigation of #Russiagate. #midterms2018
New Yorkers liked myself are proud to have you representing us. Keep it up. #ResistTrump
thank you for always protecting your people and all of us! Glad you are my Senator!
When needs the EPA. Republicans aren't interested in clean air or water! Dump the coal run off into the streams. Who cares.
Thank you. Proud to call you my lawmaker. Keep fighting the good fight for us! <3
TY for your vote against Pruitt and for your work for New Yorkers and the country! I'm proud to have you as my senator!
thank you for that no vote, Senator Gillibrand.
that's your choice...he is a good pick
Thank you, Senator. Happy to have given you my vote in November.
You have been a rock Senator. Thank you!
Thank you for your consistent and ongoing integrity, Senator.
thank you!
Keep up the good work. 
@GProgressives
your vote, apparently was meaningless then huh?
Thank you.
Thanks for trying. This is a horrible turn of events.
thank you for being so consistent in your promises
Thank you for taking a stand. The #'s are not on our side right now, but it helps #TheResistance know who needs to go in 2018
Thank you!  You will get mine!
Thank you
Who cares about your vote
@TheWomensWatch happy to hear that thank you
thank you for your courage! Plz don't stop!
Thank you, thank you from a grateful constituent in 14850. You provide sanity in these chaotic times.

you are fighting for us all, for my children as well. Thank you!
You're an obstructionist. Hopefully the EPA will be defunct soon. #MAGA with @POTUS. #tcot
Thank you Senator.
thank you for standing strong
the fox is guarding the hen house. Gillibrand 2020
thank you! Proud to have you represent New York #resist
THANK YOU!!
thank you for fighting against this latest travesty
Thank you for fighting the good fight, Sen. Gillibrand! #RESIST #IMPEACH45
you're a partisan obstructionist congrats. Perfect example why MFG and people are leaving NYS
anyone that voted for him should be ashamed.  Good for you representing your constituents.  Thank you!
Thank you
I didn't get to vote on Obama's communist pay to play appointee so fair enough
Thank you Sen Gillibrand
Thank you for standing up for your beautiful environment & future generations.
Thank you.
Thank you and please put a stop to the reversal of clean water & air regulations.  Trump and his admin are a huge disaster
so sad to see what is happening to our country.   Thank you for your efforts.
thank you
You do us proud. Now, what can we do to thwart him?
Thank you I celebrate your good sense and integrity!
U have been the only Senator who has shown unwavering integrity. Proud that u represent our state!!
Totally agree! Thank you, Senator.
that's why we love you...keep repeating us...
how did that work out??????????????
thank you Senator.
it's all about oil, Pruitt, Putin, trump, etc. etc,
Thank you!
thank you!!
thank you I'm watching the action in the house and I'm appalled by what's going on while donald distracts us
yeah no kidding! Nobody in this admin will get your vote!! No one will accuse you of breaking ranks and being a "maverick"
Thank you, but alas, it wasn't enough . . . .#angryOklahoman
Sucks to be wrong eh?
you didn't even vote for Mattis and that says a lot about you.
Thank you, Kirsten, for watching after constituents' interests!
thank u Senator
Thank you Senator. Keep it up.
@urinegate Good! Thank you Senator. You have stayed true to your word the whole time. Thank you!
thank you!  He does not belong in that post.
thank you! It's not going unnoticed!
thank you for standing strong today. 
thank goodness. Noted.
Thank you for voting according to your values, and the values of the majority of your constituents. #Resist
Thank you!
Agreed. Thank you, Senator. I wish you, and those who agreed with you, could have done more.
Thank you for trying to protect us all.
Thank you for your vote against Pruitt.
thank you for your vote to protect the environment. #keepitpublic
Thank you KG!
a New Yorker thanks you!
Thank you! I'm disgusted that Manchin voted for Sessions. #OustHim!
thank you.
Thank you for trying so hard to protect us!
Thanks for continuing to do what's best for New Yorkers and our country! #resist
Thank you for leading with integrity. I have so much respect for you.
Thank you for trying, Senator. I'm grateful for your sturdy spine!
of course because you are concerned abt the American people
he is against buracracies, not protecting the environment. Please stop the political war
