Single payer 

Say it..

Single payer
Oh, Bot. If only it were that easy.
You're adorable.
I actually have a job and insurance. I just understand it would be cheaper for me and my fsamily under single payer. Have a good day
Not an enumerated  right in the u.s. Constitution, dingbat
Yes! If not single-payer:
Offer Medicare enrollment as #ACA option:
-Competition creates innovation/cost-cutting
-People get choice/coverage
First 2 points, think #CharlieGard. 2nd two points, no shit, the open market and across state lines will accomplish this.
Selling across state lines:
-Contradicts @GOP position states know best how to care for their residents
-Regulations can differ state2state
Don't  care about @GOP position. Again, you've made my point, states should decide, not the feds.
Whether federal or state depends on if healthcare is a right or privilege. If a right, then it's a federal item. If privilege, then state.
It's a real easy search, healthcare is not a Constitutional right. Security, commerce and infrastructure is fed responsibility.
Health is essential to LIFE, liberty, & pursuit of happiness. That becomes clear when having life-threatening illness & denied coverage.
That is an individual's pursuit of happiness,  not for thegovernment to step in and GIVE you happiness.
So, single payer then?
Health care is a given, people can go to an ER and receive treatment.  Insurance, however, is NOT a right.
I agree with you kirsten
Tell that to the parents of baby Charlie under U.K.'s healthcare system!
It should have been your goal but you don't stand with anyone. Certainly not those you represent. You are the worst kind of representative.
Not good enough.We want #singlepayernow. We deserve an #NHSforUSA. #MedicareForAll @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @SenateDems @DNC @SenSanders
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand!!
@SenGillibrand Anti-Boycott Act (S. 720) going to make all your constituents know, their representative is supporting suppression.
Yes Kristen you should all stop taking donations from Pharma and insurance companies
In that case Ms. Gellybrain you and @SenateDems are an epic failure. #RepealObamacare
Thank you for fighting for US! Feels like @GOP and @POTUS think we are the enemy, not citizens they work for!
This NYC resident thanks you, Senator.  Please keep up the good fight.
WE, New York residents are counting on you!!! Do not vote just to appease the unnecessary middle school type political pressure #45 uses
YES, affordable healthcare!!! IF you vote today, PLEASE ensure your very familiar with the contents of the bill & it will truly be better!!!
I rather 2work to pay my health care & choose between several providers in a free market that to depend on gov , VA run by gov I don't want
Less government interference in our lives. Work, earn and pay your own way!
Thank you for supporting healthcare for everyone!
No, it should be Universal Single-Payor healthcare, which must be added to the Democratic platform!
I guess that thought escaped you when ACA was being written. U joined with Obama & other Dems 2 sell us a plan that increased premiums!
All talk. Getting paid to do nothing!!!
And to lower costs by making more rational decisions about what is and is not appropriate care. Current priorities unsustainable
Please vote NO on this bill !!!!
You tell them 
#DontCutAHCA
Keep fighting Senator Gillibrand. NO repeal! Thanks
A slogan I came up with "Fix It - Don't Nix It"
@Brantinghamgirl , Thank you Sen. Gillibrand for "fighting for  Americans", to make sure we have health ins. Single payer an option ?
Healthcare will only be affordable to the people that don't have to pay for it.
Why then does the GOP bill give money to the rich in the form of tax cuts? It's like money is a right if you're rich - according to GOP
That's EXACTLY what's wrong with you people! It's not, and never was, a right!
Senator, would you give up your medical coverage and join Obamacare?
Everyone should have coverage as a right.  This is not complicated.  #MedicareForAll  Also, stop trying to limit free speech.
If this is what you truly believe, why didn't you support @SenSanders in the Dem primary election?
Speak for these women who gave their lives for love. We have the highest maternal death rate in the developed world.
Free universal healthcare for all essential services. Small co-pays for elective care. Americans should settle for no less.
For the modern GOP, rights are for the privileged.
AMEN!!
if that was the plan, why wasn't ACA designed to do that? And remember you knew Party lied about Drs, as you said on ABC News
Healthcare was never an issue in America... insurance cost were
Insurance was never designed to cover everything as that would be a warranty
The @SenateGOP does not share that fundamental goal. Their only goal is tax cuts for themselves and the wealthy.
There is a right to care but not a right to free healthcare.  Perhaps you can spend time taking steps to reduce everyone's cost?
Then please by all means introduce bills that reduce cost of healthcare rather than redistribution of the cost.
Yes and yes! 
That would imply that the only other option than the ACA is to move to single payer, Medicare for all.  Which I agree with.
Our fundamental role around healthcare should be removing health insurance and moving to Medicare for all. #Medicare4All #singlepayer
dave's asking how Theo and Henry are ? ... he hopes their doing good 
There's a difference between being able to afford and having someone else pay for it.  Focus on affordability rather than subsidies.
Absolutely correct, and face the facts that the Federal Government can't achieve that
And why can't our government go after the insurance greed!! Why does insurance have to be "for profit"!!
Under that warped radical DemoRatic ideology... why does anything have to be about profit???
Lets just be gimmes with #HandsOutWontWork
Cut the words "can afford coverage" and replace with "has access to health care" if you're serious. '#SinglePayerNow #NHS4US #medicare4all
Keep fighting for us
Bringing in some sort of payment is better than no payment at all
That's right, don't vote for it
Please: care. Not coverage. Care.
What you're saying is that you stand for the right to buy insurance. That's not care. You can still be wiped out if you can afford coverage.
Respectfully, I also believe it is a right, so shouldn't our "fundamental" goal be to replace "can afford" with "receives"?
Problem: It is not a right—natural, constitutional or statutory — so perhaps that may be where the debate needs to begin?
Just like free speech should be for all, even if it's to boycott a country's actions whether or not they're giving senators money.
How come you, your staff and your cronies exempted yourselves from Obamacare Care if it's so great? And every bill since. 
Elitist perhaps??
Get the federal government out of health care. No taxpayer support of insurance companies.#FullRepeal #DefundPP 
@Betsy_McCaughey
@LouDobbs
Health care cannot be a right. To propose that is unrealistic. Make sure our borders and visas problem are fix. Just maybe we could consider
"Coverage" can mean many things. Everyone should have healthcare, period. #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
So you want the Govt to eliminate your Right to CHOICE and FREEDOM... just ask a Vet about how great the VA, govt run healthcare
Everything the Govt runs becomes a giant bureaucratic mess. Spending is never controlled. 20 trillion in debt, what's the plan for that?
Then why haven't you proposed anything to bring down the cost of premiums? Because you're in the pocket of the healthcare racket
They have.  It is called Single Payer.
Under obama care half still cannot afford health care. And now their being fined when doing their taxes. Let our president do his job.
Health care should be universal not profitable. Open your eyes
If you pay closer to how education is going that's going to be what education is, a privilege not a right.
You can thank DemoRatic administrators for that as they're the ones that keep raising the cost of education
We should be able to choose a plan or not have a plan; this country was founded upon the principles of free choice.
Affording coverage does NOT guarantee healthcare when copay and premiums have escalated under #ACA! REPEAL is a step forward.
Speaking of rights, I'm quite partial to free speech. Your support of the anti-boycott bill is an attack on this.
That is an easy fix. The people can borrow money or raise taxes considerably. That is the Democrat way.
You can't afford NOT to have health insur & I don't want to pay the bills/higher prices because someone was foolish enough not to have it.
Ask her about her healthcare... we she be on the same plan as all of the rest of us?
Millions of Americans families don't have Health Insurance because they can't afford Obamacare!Either you're lying or ignorant to Obamacare
It is no ones "right" to afford anything.....it should be affordable if they work and earn a decent wage.
So agree
And soon.
You mean like now in Obama Care? What are you specifically doing to ensure that happens?

Also Senator, when you're ready to talk about meaningful free speech and the liberation of Palestine and Israeli security, I'm here.
I'm with you on this, but first we need to eject Trump. All other business is unimportant in the face of these traitors.
So the government should come to a complete stop b cause you don't like him? He's going no where for a long time.
My personal opinion doesn't matter. What matters is the Trump is in bed with the Russians. Lemme guess, fake news, right?
Please remove your sponsorship of S 720. Completely unAmerican.
Pay for it with our taxes, same as for roads and fire engines. Redistribute wealth, abolish poverty, and create a just society FINALLY.
So you want to rip up the Constitution?
We should single-payer health care and abolish the idea of "insurance coverage" entirely.
@SenGillibrand Please explain why you support felony / 20 years / $1M fine for support of #BDS , this tramples 1st amendment rights.
Please avoid all health insurance that's #OnlyfortheRich
U d-rats furthr broke t HC system. Yr ACA bill ws so out of whack, Obumma had 2 lie. It ws so good, u voted to exempt yrselfs frm it, rite?
You all should be thrown out on your ass
And US citizens should not be made felons while exercising OUR right to free speech. Cosponsoring @AIPAC's Israel Anti-Boycott Act (S. 720)
is wrong. No foreign Assoc and Govt should be allowed to purchase our Congress.Take a look at these: Part 1 -Lobby-
Part 2-Lobby- Al Jazeera Investigations – The Training Session https://youtu.be/Vuk1EhkEctE  via @YouTube
Part 3- The Lobby- An Anti-Semitic Trope https://youtu.be/L3dn-VV3czc  via @YouTube
Part 4- The Lobby: The Takedown https://youtu.be/pddH2sfNKNY  via @YouTube .... Now tell me Senator, how much did AIPAC paid YOU?
Deductibles that are sky rocketing.  Ds and Rs need to repair ACA .  GOP shut up and listen to the people. Fix the ACA  or give yiur seat up
No repairs needed, let it implode.
It's not imploding RS sabotaging.   Maybe you're rich or work in company paying 4u. Most aren't /don't. Pull your head out of the sand
Vote NO! #TrumpcareKills
It isn't enough to say "afford coverage" if it covers nothing , or very little. So you're still stuck w/high bills you can't pay .  Or
TRUE, everyone wants affordable care, but if you allow huge number of ppl staying on Medicaid, who is going to pay for that??
Who is privilege? You sound like someone out of Brazil, India &/or Russia. The have have it & to hell with everyone else
When 13 million ppl in California , one third of population are on Medicaid,  there  must be something seriously wrong!
Thank you Senator @SenGillibrand for taking a stand for a fundamental right!  #ACA #HealthcareBill #Deathcare #Resist
You have zero right to a Proffesional service for free
Please run for POTUS in 2020!!
I caught the end of an interview yesterday - maybe on WABC - does your team have a link to that?

Keep up the good fight @SenGillibrand
Does this mean you also oppose the ACA in favor of single-payer Medicare-for-All?
Any time a Democratic politician says "Medicare 4 all" what they really mean is Medicare 4 none. Gov't run health care replaces everything
That's true.
You should have the same coverage us serfs have. It's fundamental.
Then stand for something: Universal healthcare. It's medicare for all.
Do not think Universal health care is cheap not the answer. Gov't chooses when, where & which Dr. provides your coverage. Same as Medicare.
Sorry, no - not how universal healthcare works. Have a good night.
#SinglePayerNow if you want a Dem sweep
Any chance you've got this farce of a bill and can post it? If the GOP isn't willing to share, you should be! The Senate works for US
It's just rhetoric, but at it's fairly in line with centrist Dem position always, as opposed to the actual solution which is Single Payer
Single payer now
Have you read about #CharlieGard?
Have you read about 32 million uninsured under the ACA?
Don't deflect, he is a victim of single payer, socialized medicine.
So one person who can't be treated should mean millions should go without
