Breaking News: A second appeals court ruled against President Trump’s revised travel ban http://nyti.ms/2s3btTf 
Please run for President. I won't tweet this request to you everyday, but we desperately need politicians like you in the White House 
It is great how she disregards the law. It is suppose to be blind and also followed.
Doesn't seem like Gillbrand needs to familiarize herself with the law...more like Trump should've read it before running for Prez 
Yuss!!!
Name the law. Go ahead. Name the applicable law, you DF libs.
All NY'ers need to vote this disgrace out.  SHE is not what our country or state stand for!!!!
I'm def voting against her!!!
The courts r not following the Constitution and look very political. Not good for their credibility.
Justice prevails again!
Why did President Obama ban travel from these countries then?
All American Deaths from illegals and terrorists will be on you and those that allow it. Support the American people not terrorism.
You got more legals in your country killing your  own people mate.
We will see what happens at the SUPREME COURT
yes we do stand for it.only dems don't.
Also these courts have no legality to make such decisions.  Please before you post anything do your research
Clearly Sen Gilli is into FAKE NEWS!
Thank you @SenGillibrand for speaking up for what our country stands for!
I would not yet count my chickens
The most over-turned court in the country - makes you wonder why we send cases there to begin with !
Any repeal of ACA should be challenged in court if there are no public hearings.
It's not unconstitutional.
I vote in NY.  The courts are speaking loud and clear that they don't follow the law.
How many refugees you have in your house hypocrite
Just put on a burka already. You will be forced to it eventually anyway. Doing it now will make it look like it was your idea.
Ummm, not unConstitutional, look at the deciding court...the 9th Circus
OMG . What angry foul mouth American  peeps.  You guys seem to have nada respect amongst yourselves. Not so great America.  Hmmm
@nytimes @adamliptak don't understand a 90 day pause! Don't you want to know who comes in? I do I don't want bury my kids....
MyTwitterfeed screwed up(lostutility)peopleputNailsintires-FireStoneharrassed me-BADay!You2!I GOTyourBackLet's KEEP GOING~We'reTHATGOOD!
The judges are overtly partisan and are not following the law. Go ahead and host a hug in with terrorists.
Your swearing is not well done, learn how to swear appropriately, wtf!
By the way stop using foul language.  It's NOT BECOMING FOR A HAND PICKED SENATOR LIKE YOU
Excuse me Senator, our country is made up of immigrants but let's be clear LEGAL IMMIGRANTS NOT IMMIGRANTS THAT WE HAVE NO PAPERWORK ON
Senator, how close do the immigrants live near you in Washington and New York? Then tell us what this country is all about!
