Oh no, when was this freedom taken away from them???
It's been severely eroded esp in states that decide a fetus has rights over the body of the woman. We are only incubators to rwnj not people
The baby inside a woman has the same rights as the woman.
And I'm for abortion, just not as a form of birth control. If a women gets raped, she shouldn't be forced to have that child.
I shouldn't have to be raped to have rights over my own body. You are not a doctor & you are not my doctor my uterus my rules get your own
I agree with you. I hate assholes like this @BillConster guy, who thinks a Man should be in control of a Woman's body.
I don't hate them necessarily but I will not submit to them. These are medical decisions & no one else's business
Medical decisions that involve the man, woman & the baby inside the woman.
The antiabortion movement is intellectually dishonest. They oppose birth control, safety net for children. They think babies =consequences.
Grown ups should indeed care for your their children
And real live actual humans should not retweet jack posobiec #amiright
I'll retweet whomever I well please. #nazi
No law can give me the right to do what is wrong---Abraham Lincoln
Every1 has right2 choose 4themselves-must draw line@ abrtn w/anothr innocent life involved! Abrtn morally/ethically wrong+selfish act!
Yes and what about the most vulnerable females on the planet--those in the womb.
You're a joke
I wish you were president Kirsten
Including insuring health care coverage for all decisions women need to make.
Ah...,,no.
Sing it sister!  Also maybe run for POTUS in 2020...
Yes please. 
Continue to Demand? Why can't it just be after such long time? 
Share your thought about #WhatIsFreedom on @Nojoto
Share Your Idea of #WhatIsFreedom on Nojoto's App & Win INR 3,200
Download Nojoto: https://goo.gl/uMRNvU 
#Contest 
Why is women's health always solely abortion? seems like you're minimizing the health of women to an issue half of women disagree on.
Ever been pregnant, sweetie?
So you're saying the only issue that could arise during pregnancy is abortion?
The majority of Americans, and American women, consider themselves pro-choice.
Not true! Approx 1/2 US Conservative+we're pro-life! Abrtn is morally+ethically wrong! Highly selfish decision 2end life of innocent human!
You're going to tell me the I do I posted is not true and not back it up?
Laws are not based on morals as they're subjective.
And you must stop crossing the isle to help Republicans and that guy in the whitehouse agenda!!
I don't know that Senator Gillibrand HAS crossed to aisle to help #GOP or Trump. She's been most vocal in her opposition to both.
All people should have this freedom.
Except if their decision is to support BDS
And use of their legally established ID & Federal Badges.@FBIBoston @UMassD @UMassLowell @UMassBoston @UMass @CIA @thejointstaff @Navy_JAG
Curious: If I register my uterus as a corporation, do you think old white men in D.C. would stop trying to regulate what I can do with it?
Hey why not, and women can also make a second vote w their uteri since Corporations get free speech from Citizens United...hence a 2nd votes
No BUDGING on this! We will stand firm! Women MUST maintain the freedom to make decisions about our own bodies, our own lives!
Yeah on your own dime, not mine.
Of course. Absolutely! We're discussing 'rights' not handouts...
You mean kill babies
While not murdering those they find inconvenient.
Reproductive choice is essential in our quest for economic equality.
Men need the same option.  Stop philabustering and actually do something.
Paging @NancyPelosi
Why do I have to pay for it?
Amen sista
What about men ?
Exactly! Get all government the hell out of our healthcare including but not limited to the pathetic ACA. #hypocrite #VoteGillibrandOut
Yes. Are we still having the conversation about women controlling their own bodies. It's like a bad nightmare and a Pence is the dark figure
Make loud noise for this everyone. #equality #WomensMarch #aclu
THANK YOU. So glad to see you standing up for women's rights! Tell other Dems not to compromise on it, & here's why:
Apart from it being morally wrong to treat women's rights as a bargaining chip, it's also really stupid politics:
Go to bed....zzzz
Yes! And pls make sure the DNC understands this!
How about demanding that women become equal under the New York State Constitution and the US Constitution?  Need #ERANow

If you don't have a uterus, how is it any one else's business but yours? All thoes with no uterus, butt out. It is between her,doctor&God.
Not possible with Obamacare!
They already have those rights, DingBat
@thedavidcrosby That's an issue on which men shouldn't have an opinion! Unless a woman gives them one!
Yes! Fight for that freedom.
Conservatives couldn't agree more. The difference is we are also concerned about the lives of unborn babies.
No you must stop legislating for murdering viable babies you evil mess Schumer puppet. Stop funding Planned Parenthood with taxpayer money.
And pay for it themselves 
@AGSchneiderman C'mon! Do women create laws about a man's penis & what he should do with it? That's your answer...
@AGSchneiderman How about our own bodies? This isn't theAges, but feels like it.No man has right to dictate a woman's body
Right. And you have no right to make me pay for your decisions.
No one is stopping women from doing anything!!! All they have to do is pay for it like the rest of us!
Ya. We should but that doesn't give the right for us to kill a human being one growing inside of you#murders @marklevinshow @DailyCaller
Yes, but how absolutely, stunningly sad and infuriating that we have to demand this freedom from the Democratic Party!
It's still a man's world, that's why.
Which explains why we may be on the brink of nuclear war. 
What would a small govt conservative do if they didnt tell women what they can/not do w their bodies,hypocrites
Large # of commenters on this thread don't know orig tweet is about a specific issue that has just arisen. Read
Agreed. I hope you're multitasking because Trump is instigating a nuclear war. Any news on an action plan appreciated.
Then we have to shine a bright light on what Pence is doing quietly behind the craziness of Trump! Engage ppl B aware! Pence is dangerous!
Abortion IS NOT HealthCare!
#InAmerica #ProgressiveRedistribution believers are free
to go to #SocialistUtopias like #Cuba #Venezuela #NKorea & #california
They do have that freedom you should probably already know that
See today's NY Post editorial about Gillibrand's turning her back on loyal US ally Israel & favoring $$ to murderous Palestinian terrorists!
Why don't you just admit that contraceptives are cheap and all you have to do to avoid pregnancy is use them!
I have freedom to make decisions about my own health care, don't u? or r u talking about those baby killing abortions, thats not healthcare
they do,so what is your point ??
How is this even a thing we must fight for, so frustrating
I am so sad that we even have to fight for this. It should be wholly accepted that women have the freedom to make decisions about their body
Tell it toSomeone U haven't already in 1stObama yr cut off from My Recovery
Operation,Excluding me from returning to work. Ur aNaziSocialist
Then why the hell do you support 0bamacare?
By killing unborn babies , who are the independent & incapable-decision-making individuals?
By Forcing them to buy Obamacare whether they like it or not.
#topplethepatriarchy
I'd put this right at the top of the Democratic to do list, @PattyMurray , @SenatorCantwell.
Don't think anybody's disputing that, taxpayer shouldn't have to pay for their decisions.
I'll ask a question of the senator again, why are you focused only on women's issues?


Thx @SenGillibrand for continuing to fight for women's right to access the best care for themselves
What decisions are they being kept from making?
What are U proposing?  Quit talking in platitudes!  This kind ofis just 1 of the reasons Dems lose.  If ur 4 Medicare for all SP, say it!
Including disabled women. Thank you for cosponsoring the disability integration act.
How about a single male not having to buy insurance that includes maternity care.
That's not how insurance works.
The ACA included maternity care as an essential health benefit to keep insurance companies from discriminating against women.
That's great but I don't need it.
Well, it's illegal to discriminate based on gender. Sorry.
You're forcing to buy a product I don't want. There is no discrimination if you want it you can buy it. It's called freedom of choice.
Except that cause women to have to pay more because of their gender.
The way insurance is supposed to work: premiums are commensurate with the risks.
They already do.
We must demand that women be recognized as equal to men. Period.
Why don't you currently recognize women as being equal? I do...
Can you remind the @DNC that?
That sounds great, but curious as to this requires my money for their choices? Why must I lose choice for theirs?
PP federal funds come in the form of Medicaid reimbursements.
Do you just represent women in NY, because it sure looks that way. Why do you allow the appearance that you discriminate against men?
Bodily autonomy rights affect men too.
Then why in the tweet I was adressing is she making demands for women only? Please don't try and Mealy-mouth with me, it never works.
Because abortion is what's being limited.
Two observations, one, all she ever champions is women's causes and two, you're not the senator from NY I don't care about your opinions.
Which part of men's healthcare is being limited by legislators?
Forgive my bluntness but I don't have time for the tactics of the mentally ill on Twitter. What part of you don't interest me confuses you?
It doesn't confuse me, I just don't care. If you need a safespace go back to your echo chamber.
Delete "must continue to," please!
Keep fighting for us
You mean @PPact coffers and political donations?
And the females destroyed in the womb that never will ?
Won't know the difference.
What about their rights? #AllAboutMeMeMe
They don't have rights.
Why? Human rights come from God ~ not government. 
The Declaration of Independence states we're endowed by our Creator with inalienable #RTL
There is no god; your creator is your mother. You have to be born in the US to be a naturalized citizen.
If someone's pro-choice they can make their own decisions; no need to share personal beliefs. Our bodies are not political bargaining chips.
The obvious democratic position should be to reduce the need for abortion.
And increase women's healthcare.
Amen
Yes!   Nothing more important!
Well let's make it really simple for you...they do..I just don't want to pay for their abortions. Get the picture?!
Amen!!
and being able to kill their babies is one of these decisions?
No, but being able to kill their fetus is
Identity politics...thank you
Bodily autonomy rights affect everyone.
Please allow IBAN and Swift money transfer for #GIBill use.
Is this just in America or worldwide? Can women even drive in Saudi Arabia?
Govt is wasting healthcare $ on ppl w/unhealthy promiscuous sex habits.
Yes they have that right & the right to pay for their own healthcare
Why shouldn't health insurance cover legal medical procedures?
Of course health insurance should cover legal medical procedures... no one said otherwise.  Just pay for your own insurance & deductible!
Well, insurance doesn't currently pay for abortions.
They pay for birth control.
No all birth control; abortion is a form of birth control. Contraceptive failure is also often cited as a reason for needing an abortion.
Also, laws allow for religious exemptions to covering birth control.
You are referring to day after pills.. not before.
Try moral behavior & personal responsibility.

Why does that freedom have to be paid by taxpayers?
The same reasons other legal medical procedures are covered by insurance.
Laser eye surgery is not covered neither is elective plastic surgery and they are legal
All surgeries are elective.
Laser eyes surgery is covered by some insurance. Plastics surgery is cosmetic, abortion is not.
Abortion are rarely done in life and death situations. Tax payers shouldn't pay for your mistakes
Abortions still improve quality of life.
Abortions are cheaper than the costs of welfare for those who can't afford to raise unwanted children.
Demand something you already have? Strange, but you didn't use the F- BOMB
Agree %
That never been an issue, we don't need to subsidize it.
you are in the wrong party
Yes but what about the crazy fire and fury bs????
This IS preciselyREASON Why #PASSERA is Vital towards Women's Health & Welfare literally!
AS LONG AS THEIR DECISIONS ARE NOT ABT KILLING AN INNOCENT UNBORN LIFE! 

WISE UP!!

THE UNBORN BABY IS NOT, REPT NOT, THE WOMAN'S "BODY".
It is, however, a parasite relying on the woman's body.
Does that include the girls God has created in their mother's womb?
God's not real. Your belief in a god should not affect my life or medical choices.
WAR IS PEACE

KILLING IS HEALTHCARE
Let women choose Medicare. Let us take our healthcare dollar to whomever treats us well.#SinglePayer is not socialized medicine.
LOS ANGELES

Ken Mejia is running 4 congress as a Green

Supports
SP
$15 mw
Green jobs
Legal

Follow @25forcongress
The Republican Party and Right Wingers can nothing about women - see what they have done in Missouri Arkansas etc  we are going backwards .
Grow up.
Translation: "[...] the freedom to murder their children in utero."
Murder! Lmao. Go adopt a fetus, honey.
Sorry, dear, I don't talk to adults who haven't outgrown Harry Potter.
How many live births have YOU had, love?

None. Got it. Speak from experience, it makes you sound more intelligent. Oops.
I'll be sure to give your advice due consideration, adult baby rando from Twitter.
Truth! We must also demand free speech and an end to apartheid worldwide! Don't criminalize #BDS and free speech that calls out Israel!
How about ALL Americans (men & women) having the freedom to make their own HC Insurance choices?  Obamacare Sucks!  Get gov't out of HC!
I make my own choices with the direction of my doctor. When is the last time you had a physical, doll?
Democrats can be pro-life as a matter of personal choice.  However Democrats must hold fast to protecting any woman's right to choose.
Well said!!!
Can you just stop trying to divide the country for 5 minutes now that war drums are beating????
Nope. She's a one trick pony. That's all she's got
Indeed <3
