Wasn't that the basis of the #LilyLedbetterLaw? Did it lack enforcement regulation?
Here's a really good rundown of the Paycheck Fairness Act from @ACLU:
thank you for the link!
You're welcome. Of course, the best idea for this issue would be finally ratifying the ERA! #sodamnoverdue
3 States still to ratify. Nearly a century since ERA first introduced to Congress. IT IS TIME for all 14th Amendment Rights to be enforced.
you have to strike for one week. everybody everywhere but the usa women could get things done in 3 days tops. you want equal pay then get it

You support sharia.....
How about worrying about getting actual jobs for the people of New York state? Upstate is dying.
Why do you people insist on fighting for something you already have?
If women did the same work for less money why aren't these greedy ceos hiring more women?
With billionaires and the rest of us right?
Equal pay for women providing you don't work for Elizabeth Warren who pays women 71% of  what men earn.
"Say it ain't so, Liz?" So need to see LegitSite to back up this claim. Links to Data/FACTs very helpful or claims merely "claim" @SenWarren
Wage gap myth
Should I get paid more if I out perform my co worker. Or is this socialism in the workplace?  Think
Oh look. A politician tweeting about #EqualPay.
Yes. And. You need to start talking about the overtaking of our democracy by #ChristianSupremacists who don't value equality at any level
Agreed! That's why at @IGNITE_National we are training and encouraging young women to help make these changes. We need more women in office.
MUST b an awareness of REALities of Life in these Capitalistic WallStreet-dictated UnitedStatesOfAmerica: https://t.co/cQfK3bYWky?amp=1 @CNN
How come you couldn't  get equal pay when your Democratic President Obama  was in office?
maybe you can tell that to your democrat colleagues in Congress. They seem to pay women less than men
Why does it even have to be said?!
= pay for = work before I die, please.
Have you spoken to your buddy, Elizabeth Warren? Her female staffers get paid MUCH less than their male comrades!
Equal pay for equal production.
Forget about experience, education, salary negotiations, location, etc...
I know I worked harder than you this year. Give me some money.
Equal Pay Act. This was fleshed out many years ago. You auditioning for house flipper Warren's VP?
If women were truly paid less then men, employers wld fire all men and hire only women
If you don't believe women make less than men then you need to educate yourself. Employers don't invite women to good ole boy's groups
https://www.prageru.com/courses/political-science/there-no-gender-wage-gap …
.
What have you done for this since you became a Sen. We heard crickets from you when Obama was president
90+% of job related deaths are men.

When will you address the disparity of fatalities by gender?
I say lower men's pay to that of women!!! No raises for anyone
RT if you believe nurses should receive equal pay as doctors.
Tell that to Elizabeth Warren
Yup
Of course it is. But perhaps you should focus on messages that don't play into the identity politics angle that's crushing Dems.
IF YOU ARE A LEGAL CITIZEN
You may want to talk to some of your fellow Democrats and see what they pay their own staffers?
Equal par for equal work implies that the work always leads to the same output regardless of the person doing the work. A false premise.
At least you get the same salary as your male counterparts. Keep at it
Why would anyone pay a man $1 when they get the same production from a woman for $.70? #wagegapmyth #fakenews
The 'party of adults' should realize that! Oh, and 'party of life' too...
Oh please, you could care less about equal pay,you're just pushing the communist agenda along YAWN
It's past time 4 #MedicareForAll
this bullshit has been debunked over an over again by economists. it's about career choices not discrimination.
This should apply to everyone, male and female. The corporate culture of not discussing one's pay affects the pay gap in a major way.
On another note, it's been way to long enduring the days with a current admin hellbent on destroying our country
Let's pass ERA and join the other countries of the UN in CEDAW and handle all the inequality at once.
couldn't agree more, but how do you define equality? should female tennis players be paid the same as males when they play fewer sets?
It's long since been here for those who earn it.
Stop babysitting Americans!  Every1 negotiates more aggressive for themselves, or get another job$...
It is long past time to do more research to find out how big of a problem this really is. I see a lot of successful, highly paid women today
Gillibrand 2020
It is long past time for a serious, full blown investiation into #TrumpTreason #Russiagate
How 'bout we "flip it" - and ask if men men would agree they should be paid the same wages their colleagues are being paid.
It's all fair in who shows up. Never been paid less than a man. Stop your whining.
Hmmmm most NYers aren't. 
Senator - running an ever-expanding politics contest. I win if #BidenGillibrand2020. Will you do it? PS - #GillibrandSchiff2024 after that
Employers should be jailed for it - watch how quickly it would change.
Yes but this president doesn't care and neither does the RED congress.
I never know what people mean by that.
Well since it's been law since '68 and it doesn't happen anymore let's leave it alone please
Not only equal pay for equal work, but also equal benefits for equal Social Security taxes paid.
Already exists with equal experience , equal tenure, equal education so quit the bitching
Male or female..it really comes down to = pay  = work
Please post salary comparison for each and every senator. Especially Pocahontas
Start with Hillary n Warren. You are such a phoney lying lib hypocrite. Even pro gun when U represented my upstate NY conservative district
Who wouldn't want their daughter,wife or mom to get equal pay ?
I did and my daughters do..get a job and work it.
In the greatest country in history for women to be raised & live, feminists still scream inequality out into the abyss..
Btw there is no wage gap when education, years of experience, hours worked, ect are taken into account.
Stop spreading lies
Please give me the link to your statement, no outrage, when you found out about @SenWarren not paying equally
Amen
I think we need to know how much work you put into that tweet, before choosing to RT that instead of a man's tweet.
Rules are rules, sorry 
Can we talk about your opioid Senate bill re: opioids? 100 mil chronic pain patients. Death and decline every day. Talk?
Does Hillary and Lizzy Warren believe the same?
And unfortunately that would just be the beginning if addressing inequality for women in USA. Medical care is a big one as well
Oh BS
True, CEOs should have their pay drastically cut.
There was a study done for state jobs in CA. As more women went into job classes and men moved out, our pay dropped or raises were smaller
We are dealing with some men in the White House who think that a woman's job is to be subservient to men and never get paid more or equally
What position pays a man more than a woman when they are in the exact same job?
I thought the Jug-eared Messiah did that back on '08 when he signed Lily Ledbetter Act. Could it be you're lying and pandering?
Yes I believe it... Please inform Sen. Warren of that.
I think you should be concentrating on #TrumpRussia #RussiaGate #resist #TrumpLeaks
Enjoy the next 8 years. People like U who allowed a President to not enforce laws on the books he didn't like caused Trumps presidency
? I work for govt and we all get up he same pay for same job. U are working for wrong pple
There's that and also long past time for that independent investigation of Russia's role in our election and 45's business ties to Russia.
yawn 
We can retweet all we want. Under trump it's not happening
You after 8 years of Obama it didn't happen? Actually it happened in 1963
Really? We have equal pay for men and women?
Equal pay for equal work does not mean everybody makes the same pay no matter what the work.
Women should be paid the same for crying out load. Just do it already!!!
They do. This is a big lie.
The Equal Pay Act passed in 1963.
We already do
