It's time the Left wing Dems turned down the senseless childish hate over a lost election and move on with the Nations business.  YES???
Where were you when they taught how our gov works. Haven't gone by pop vote in over 200 years. Also, many of hillarys were illegals.
Putin wanted Hillary to win. She's been kissing his butt for years..
I blame democrat politicians for not speaking our against violence. You helped create the atmosphere for this to happen. I hope you're proud
I blame the president 4 rise in hatred.
The #resist movement is successfully radicalizing left-wing extremists.
No, I don't think so. When you espouse or embrace white supremacy anything can happen to you. He shares the blame.
Stop. Just stop.
Your hate and vitriol with your constituents do hold some blame in this
That is bullshit and totally false.  Don't turn a tragedy into a blame game. That is not what is needed right now. This insights more hate
Not hateful to call out one's responsibility. Gillibrand is spewing hate regularly.
There is hate everywhere!! Democratic&republicans doesn't matter I have seen lies and hate from both sides.  shooter is who you blame.
Most hate coming from left including gillibrand, they hold some responsibility for inciting this type of behavior. Yes, shooter responsible.
And are the republicans saintly in their behavior is it only Dems behaving badly?
No fucking hate prayers today?!You and your other hate filled democrat colleagues speeches are spreading like cancer! Pray for ur evil heart
I'll b honest. I don't care about Scalia. He's s jerk.
Spellcheck Scalise
WITH  101  FOLLWERS  SHE IS DECLARING PRESIDENETIAL  HOPEFUL I DUBLT THSI CREATURE  WILL  MAKE IT TO DEFEAT BADLY  BY IVANKA   TRUMP
Why do you take money from gunmakers yourself?
Enough prayers, less guns, screw the NRA 
And what about perpetrating this hate with actions and words?  Not the left whackadoodles huh?
Um...you forgot to drop the f-bomb 2-3 times in that tweet.
What no f bomb?? Save your fake condolences
blood is on your hands
Tg your not using foul language you lost my vote it was so unnecessary
You are a part of the problem!
Good thing you didn't mention God because you are just a hate baiter.  Don't think "bless" will hide you from that!
This is on you!  You perpetrate violence through any means possible including your "potty mouth"!  Don't be a hypocrite!
Nice crocodile tears from somebody who hates Republicans
And has spread her vitriol hate with her potty mouth!
These SOROS Paid Idiots are so sick, so full of drugs, so clueless, so sad- such lost souls.
cant wait for you to be voted out!
Liberal violence and hate really needs to stop.
4 u sure that your prayers are going to reach heaven??????
"Praying for Rep Scalise, the fucking staff, fucking members and fucking Capitol Hill police. Fuck yeah!"
But he voted for this!
Hard to believe that You actually mean that. Your speeches and writings would say the opposite. Accept that you lost & go to work.
You have contributed to the hateful rhetoric. You share responsibility in this. Shame on you, and shame on your faux prayers and blessings
Hate and resistance rhoertic created this fisasco
Listen to you!  You're part the this horrific tragedy.  Your F U's are disappointing and disgusting.  Hopefully, you'll see the light.
What about the F bombs you were dropping last week about POTUS? Were you praying while you dropped them? Grow up.
Really shame on your hatred evil lying pathetic people
You Pray?
Way to go Gillibrand, your hate speech caused this violence!
Oh, now you care about police?
Not buying your fake crap.  Today's blood is on your hands.
Atheists pray to who
Blood of GOP lawmakers+staff is on your hands for promoting divisiveness, hatred, anti-POTUS and GOP vitriol,+ false Russian conspiracies!
Obama: Obama: ‘If They Bring a Knife to the Fight, We Bring a Gun’ Shame on #Democrats
Really ? You are unbelievable !
Liberal Merchants of Violence: Hip Hop, Rap, late night talk shows, @CNN @MSNBC @nytimes  Hollywood, Broadway, LA and NYC Mayor etc…
Kirsten you think it's cool to say F Trump. I think you're 1 of those "nasty women" I blame for much of the hate & violence. Resist please.
The false Russia narrative,
combined with the trivialization of assassination, by the left, has caused this. The media  caused this.
What? No F bombs? No incitement speech?
Hate speech has consequences.
DEMs/celebrities/Media need take responsibility for inspiring violence
You mean to say "bless the fucking police"
Seems very disengenuous of you considering your recent F* Trump rhetoric... You've already shown your true colors.
You don't want to say "F*ck the Republicans?" Oh wait you just did that last week right?
Look in mirror. ALL U DEMORATS ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS, your paid thugs have been targeting Trump Supporters for 2 ys, OWN YOUR INTOLERANCE
This is a tweet that has been heavily edited by her staff to sound more human. In reality, Democrats want Conservatives DEAD.
Fuck us Trumpets right?
Wish you were sincere-but your recent speech let us know exactly how you feel about our President, Republicans, and their supporters!
You have contributed to this toxic climate with your "F Trump speech. Tone it down a notch, will you?
And bless your potty mouth, which is a big part of problem.
Yes dont 4 get that. And police carry GUNS! GUNS also save lives!!
Violence is never the answer.
You know Scalise is a Republican who supports the President who you said "F*ck Trump" to at NYU... justsayin' #ToneDowntheRhetoricDems
You are a liar and a hypocrite! Or are you finally seeing what YOU people are causing???
You are part of the blame with hatful rhetoric. Please stop for the sake of our country
This is on your party's ' shoulders.
Dems pushing for violence in the  streets against R's, conservatives.
Dems  Did Not denounce it!
. Ur prayers do not release you from your foul mouth rhetoric that incited the terror attack on the GOP this morning. #Alexandria
Your anti Trump hysterics is to blame.
You are part of the problem!
Oh yes @SenGillibrand is so concerned but as it was happening she was tweeting the hate that inspired this lunatic. @SenateDems are 2 blame
ur hateful rhetoric led to this. ur an accessory to attempted murder & terrorism turn urself in
GFY!
We know what you are
when you, @SenSchumer @SenSanders @CoryBooker @SenWarren and the rest spew hate, obstruction, resistance people listen & act. speak Peace
You and your parties ranting and raving caused this. Enough of you and your stupidity Senator.
Your inciteful, foul language helps create these monsters.  #dobetter
Is now a good time to drop F bombs?
Sure you don't have an eff word in there ready to go. Ur hateful rhetoric is a major part of the cause for what took place today shame on u
Does it occur to you that your incivility has added to the hostility that may have contributed to this? Take a look in the mirror
Too many guns.
Any bets it was a democrat that did the shooting?
thanks for your prayers. It would help if you stop inciting your extremists to violence w/ your lies and hate speech. Thx
I love you Kirsten, but I wish everyone would stop "praying for (fill in the blank)."
Not "fuck them?"
You incited this violence.
So sick of u & ur constituents who CAUSED this by not condemning the violent acts at rallies across the country & in the media 4 the past yr
your party?
Let's hope everyone fully recovers and that those responsible are properly punished for their actions.
In words you'll understand...give me a "FUCK"ing break! You & your  evil words main reasons behind such an attack. This is your #Resistance!
All the more reason for better gun control laws
Why? It's YOUR FOUL mouth that invites such violence so you OWE HIm an apology.
Your hate filled rhetoric. Escalated out of control. Your fault. Blood on your hands.
Just another typical day in the USA.  Can we say gun control?
Thank goodness there were some good guys on the scene with guns and good aim
Prayers are not enough! Mental healthcare that is free is needed if we must live with the second amendment.
Policies and laws have consequences that the American people deal with everyday. Including letting mentally ill people purchase guns.
I believe that mental health is a key issue in this country that needs to be addressed.  Do we know that this man was mentally ill?
He was a Democrat, that by definition means he was mentally ill.
What, no "f" bombs today, Senator?
Wow, Judith now is not the time.
Drop an F bomb. That should help
BTW: u really need 2 do ur homework b4 going in front of pple using the F word of what all @POTUS has accomplished&tell truth
Who do you pray to? Satan?
Good guys with guns stop another attack.  The only way to stop a shooter.
Their hate has been palatable, no doubt there
Thoughts and prayers with all those at the Ball field this morning.
This vet would thank you for your service and then kindly remind you that politicizing death is why Vietnam went on as long as it did.
Vietnam war? Started by Pres Eisenhower, a republican? I served in Afghanistan under 2 presidents from different parties. Whom can I blame?
