Trump's sham commission is not bipartisan—it's the greatest collection of vote suppressors we've ever seen. http://bit.ly/2tq9L1I  
It's sole purpose is to suppress the votes of Dems, minorities, & independents, and presents a clear & present danger to democracy.  Resist!
Please, Senator, fight this invasion of our privacy. This commission's sole job is to intimidate us. #theResistance
Democratic president told illegals to vote
You should have nothing to say about this
It's all coming out
Republicans will have ny soon!
I do not understand why you put out these false statements and spread this line of nonsense when you know their is a need to validate voters
Bullshit
Yes u fall in line with AIPAC's demands which latest is too trample on OUR 1st Amend Rights Bill S 720 Shame on u Gillibrand is a disgrace!
We don't need or want to use our tax dollars to chase phantoms & ghosts down a rabbit hole. So-called commission is an alt-right farce.
Sraight out of Roy Cohn's playbook. Trump & Putin rigged election. But we'll be too busy fighting false reverse charges to convict Trump.
What are you afraid of? There's more evidence of voter fraud than Trump & Russia collusion.
Your judgement has yet to show something worth supporting....So there is that.
Kirsten, you and Trump have Netanyahu in common. Your proposal to shut down peaceful protest makes you a cyst.
Gerrymandering. Russian election assistance. Now enhanced voter suppression. It is the Republican way.
That's right x 10 they seek despair then threat what are you going to do
Explain how the commission would threaten voting rights.
It only threatens fraudulent voting rights.
How could reviewing our election processes after all the democratic cry of foul play be a bad thing? Don't u want to ensure legitimacy?
Should read "Tools"
so do something about it instead of a tweet! after all you are in Congress do your job
The left seems to have plenty they are hiding.
GOP claims fraud in elections. Dems say there is no fraud. So have an independent audit of a sample of the 2016 presidential election.
Yes. He's a tool. Good I.D. Don.  #thismanisatool
That's right, checking public records and proving no voter fraud is reaaaly threatening to voters rights. Uh huh, that's right!
Trumpertantrum has an owie to his fragile ego so he wants to suppress voting rights
You couldn't be more wrong.
I hope you fight hard for voters rights I will help tell me how I've called in my state to voice my opinion / Florida
What are you afraid of? Why wouldn't you want to insure integrity in our voting system!
I completely agree. Can congress stop it?
I am all for suppression of illegal voters.
So you don't support ensuring that our election system allows only those CITIZENS with a legal right to cast ballots? Shameful.
This is the view of one who depends on illegal votes.
Voting rights are already compromised by fraudulently cast votes.
Bullshit!
The @ACLU hates your bill that criminalizes free speech, btw
It will definitely hurt the dems as their numbers shrink in the illegal and dead categories.
Senator, why do you support throwing people in prison for 20 years and fining them $1M for organizing against Israeli settlements?
You know for a fact there is no voter fraud? Care to put ur job on the line if ur proven wrong? You also think asking for ID is suppression
You are a so called senator , act like one and repeal Obamacare.
BDS is a political belief. Supporting this cannot be against the law. Your support for this bill confuses me.
How about a Russia Voter Fraud panel? Now that I could get on board with!
#LiarInChief  #LoserInChief  #LimpDickInChief  #DingleberryInChief
Oh NOW Democrats want to pretend they are worried about integrity of our elections huh...
It is much needed as there are 2 many illegals voting in our elections . Please help the President give us a much needed tax reduction.
Threaten illegals, the dead, voting multiple times?  Is that what ur worried about? Where is the call for transparency that the Dems want?
but IF a democrat would have thought of it, it would be totally legit right? solve the voter issue by having Photo Voter ID in every state
What are you and the democrats afraid of puppet lady?
Two tools!!!
That's their whole intent!
Keerstan Jillibrandt spokesperson for the voter cheats
This commission is the proverbial indictment of a ham sandwich.
What the hell. You're supporting Israel Anti-Boycott Act (S. 720)? This is outrageously anti-free speech.Am a very disappointed constituent
Trump is so so Embracing to all America's  Trump is a CONMAN
Speaking of threatening rights, the fuck is up with your BDS bill?
Your attack in free speech makes you a sham and a tool. #BDS
The only voting rights that would be threatened are for those that shouldn't be voting. You're dishonesty is disgusting.
Stop lying it does not... it will help prevent voter fraud and that's a good thing. Anyone that says otherwise is trying to keep the fraud.
Since when do you give a damn about suppression of any kind. You're trying to criminalize support for boycotting Israel.
How? Have you looked at the stats from ERIC?
...and waste taxpayer money.
Why is everyone so against voterID cards or something similar to prove you have the legal right to vote in this country??
This election commission stated they are not a fed. agency, therefore they don't have to follow fed. law. Therefore, send no records to them
@BrennanCenter You care about protecting the integrity of our election process except when it involves actual votes cast
Don't worry Kirsten, as long as NYC exists you're re-election campaigns will remain successful.
Identification is crucial to free and honest elections. Key word honest.  What are you afraid of?
Would still never compare to Tammany hall.
Real threats to our elections and democracy are ignored and invented threats are used to undermine voting rights. #Resist #VoterSuppression
Yeah- he's a tool alright!
Permanent majority.
When do we start to fix this gerrymandering
I am unregistering. I will re-register when this nonsense ends. Fun fact - you are purged from the rolls, but your voting record remains.

Please do everything possible to stop voter suppression.

Trump's bro-in-law was attorney repping GOP in '81 voter intimidation case that led to consent decree in effect 2day http://www.wnyc.org/story/armed-men-once-patrolled-polls-will-they-reappear-november/ … https://twitter.com/nomikikonst/status/791759672734777344 …
How does this suppress one vote?  Explain that if you can.
Republicans have been threatening voter rights for years-it needs to stop 
It's beyond disturbing that this has gotten this far. What happened to the governing body that is supposed to protect us... oh wait. 
It just keeps looking like Trump is pushing towards an autocracy!
#FemiNazi #FalseRape #MattressGirl #EmmaSulkowicz
Why is there a commission on voter fraud - yet Trump's election is valid ?  I do believe  voter suppression helped GOP
It's a marketing ploy for American apartheid.  GOP fear the loss of America's White majority.  Experts claim that this will happen in 2043.
True fact
I haven't checked but I hope NY state has refused to give up any information.
You need to be an informed person watch news n political shows debates etc read news! BE INFORMED
Please don't assume I'm not informed. Typically I am. I hadn't checked on this & it was brought up by my senator so I commented
U were uninformed fact by ur tweet! Sorry anyone informed knows facts everyday right now especially!
Get off your high horse. Not knowing the answer to 1 issue doesn't make me totally uninformed.
bye we the people called our governors to tell them we did not want our info released put out on Twitter n news

45's using taxpayer $$ 2 promote hmslf thru bogus elctn comm 
This so-called president is a sham that will do nothing but threaten our way of life. Donald Trump is the BIGGEST to our country.
Bullshit.
A brave federal judge needs to shut this down.
Without this commission the GOP are stripping voter rolls across the country. Bad enough Americans do not vote without stipping ones that do
You forgot waste taxpayer money and stroke Trump's ego. It would do those things too.
Well, yes. Only true words out of #notmypresident 's mouth - "Elections are rigged!" Including Electoral College? Hmmm?
They also claim not to be an official body subject to regulations on open meetings.  So how about we all ignore them?
STOP MAD MEN!
Voter fraud is trumps new Birther Lie... he is taking @GOP to Trump U and Taj Mahal. Couldn't happen to a more deserving bunch.
Thank you, Senator! We all need to make a lot more noise about this!
A tool alright
