TONIGHT! Seth welcomes @GwenStefani, @SenGillibrand and musical guest @ToveLo! 
only reason you're on there is your both Trump haters and low rated!
It's *you're, Genius
Same as you're mad you've never had a girlfriend?
Lol. You're right! My mom won't let me bring girls down to the basement I live in!
Read a book. Mom will be so proud and girls like smart dudes, not dumbasses.
I'm beyond help! I'm a deplorable! Hilary said the only thing we're good for is being hated!
YOU ARE A CHAMPION, young lady! So PROUD OF YOU!!! Thank you
Great shout out for Paid Leave! Hope DC's Paid Leave bill finalized soon (and #HandsOffDC please) #DCStatehood
thank you for bringing a positive perspective and an inspiring message.  a true american hero
the energy you exude last nite was electrifying&wonderful=Splashing Hope&Critical thought&Kindness
that was awesome! @sengillibrand you are a beacon of hope!
thank you for doing such an awesome job! Your enthusiasm is contagious.
Awesome discussion! Keep up the great work senator! I just became an instant fan! @SenGillibrand! @sethmeyers @LateNightSeth
We in NY are proud to have Kirsten Gillibrand and Chuck Schumer as our US Senators
I loved your enthusiasm! "We are all the resistance." YES!! #Gillibrand2020
Great job! We know what side you're on! Keep the pressure on Trump & Co.
Saw you on Late Night. So happy and proud you are my Senator!!
I live in FL but the ppl of NY & our country are lucky to have a strong, passionate, intelligent woman standing up for us.
Brilliant, eloquent, inspiring interview! Gives me hope! Lucky NY. Yes, lets "let it happen!"
I'm so happy I watch you. You are passionate, smart and bring clarity and hope to all this nonses! Bravooo!
A passionate, inspirational, motivational interview. @sengillibrand is fired up and ready to go!
I'm so excited that you are in politics right now. Smart, passionate, and decent. Run for Pres!
u were just great, ms. G. Im now a fan! Get em girl!!!
wow you did great!! Proud of you.
Amazing interview! Appreciate your work, Senator! #wearealltheresistance #resist
outstanding! Thank you from California
it was great watching the both of you!  Thanks, Kirs for all your hard work, support! U R Awesome
~ I have a new girl crush! USA needs more leaders like YOU!
just saw you on Late Night, wow you're so refreshing, wish all Senators were like you!
Fantastic interview!
Thanks for standing up for what New York stands for!
Amazing enthusiasm and honesty.Thank you for not mincing words concerning our 
Imposter-in-Chief.
The future is female. It was an honor to listen to you. Seems like women are the brave ones now!
Great job talking issues with @sethmeyers on @LateNightSeth last night.  Love your enthusiasm.
you were very impressive!  I'll be following you in the future.
Kirsten Gillibrand 2020!!
Proud that you and Chuck Schumer are our US Senators from NY. You rock!
@gwenstefani @ToveLo @NBCTheVoice Show was great Positive Informing Dems need to get msg out daily
inspiring interview!!!  "you don't harness it, you let it happen!" 
Proud to be a New Yorker
Very impressive. Now encouraged about possibility of getting things accomplished for all of us.
just saw you on Late Night, you make New Yorkers proud! I'm behind you 100%! Keep up the great work! You rock!
You were awesome Senator!!!  I wish we had someone like you representing North Carolina!
So glad I watched.Your message, energy, and passion were so inspiring!Thanks for your leadership.
just watched you on LateNight & want to thank you for being a ray of hope in these dark times
You were both fantastic, thank you!!!
GREAT segment, your enthusiasm is inspiring!! Good luck on your bills!
wonderfully well spoken. No longer a NYer, but so proud and so ON BOARD! Thank you!
Hear!Hear! Loving the discussion
He's a light weight &  believes everything U say. Go on Fox & debate your enemies. I'll watch that
.@SenGillibrand In the promo you are between Gwen Stefani (3 years younger) and Tove Lo (11 years younger) but you are the hottest woman.
West Coast represents
can't wait!
@IndivisibleNY Please come meet your NYC constituents tomorrow at our Town Hall! Thank you!
AWE! Golden Girls reruns are on same time.....How r your MB spy's doing these days?
hard at work I see......
Looking forward to watching tonight!
recording and watching in the AM, you youngsters!
TWO O TWO O!!!
WILL BE THERE
thank u for consistently voting vs Trump. Keep up the tough fught
We are counting on u 2020
I assure you I will be asleep as I have actual work in the morning... thanks...
@LuciaAniello @paulwdowns
I'm setting my DVR right now.
