Go to Capitol Hill to discuss bankruptcy and removal of colonial laws. Is this being done? It’s the only way to really help PR
not did he ever! They have plenty of paper towels now!!
He give Hilary supporters tissues if you ask nicely.
or paper towels?
Thank you can you find out why the military is not using helicopters capable of lifting a full container to drop them off on isolated areas?
Lol, you can't even help one veteran!!
Hopefully you'll choose to stay there. You're useless for New York anyway.
HELP PUERTO RICO NOW!!!
Great.

Please be careful. Don't forget to take photos.
Yeah you're going to help a lot. Roll up your sleeves watch the people kiss your ass. That should help.  Then tell us all how great you are.
Another way to trash Trump. Save our money and stay here.
Thank you Sen. Gillibrand n God Bless your heart 
TY for visiting! Now that you’ve seen need, pls support Jones Act repeal, Medicaid funds & relief package. Your constituents will thank you
Almost 5 Years Later, Some Sandy Victims Are Still Waiting For Help

May 12, 2017 6:00 PM What are you doing in Puerto Rico?
Because you're awesome Kirsten.
NOT!!
You clowns certainly know how to waste our tax dollars. You’re NOT NEEDED THERE.
So, waste OUR TAX DOLLARS for you to tour PR? What the heck you going to do there?
Why don't you donate to them the $12,000 your close friend Harvey Weinstein gave you. You condone sexual abuse of women. RESIGN
Senator, Have the PR Gov, Rosselló take you the Middle towns of the island that were hit real hard..Bring your hiking boots !
Then come back and stop disregarding g the homeless in NYC
Any progress on a disaster relief bill from Congress?  Will any money be targeted for Puerto Rico, or will it all be block-granted to FEMA?
get them jobs!
must have the a/c back on.
Could you also check on the Virgin Islands? They're having a difficult time, but aren't in the news.
Maybe you can get them to go work for themselves too

Good for you! So proud you are my Senator
Shoot footage! #municipal emergency caches work #MobilePhoneRadios Did people have a heads up on Maria after losing power ~ Harvey?
CLimate IMPACTS!Data Breeches,Chemical WARFARE(Below) MEN DESTROYING US! REinForcements Organize MOVE FOREWARD
are you going to bring the God bless America signs or will new ones be printed out? show the horror going on there not the orwellian trumps
God Bless all the people that are helping in the Puerto Ricans time of need !!! OUR FAMILIES ....
Idiot
There you go, being a better president than the president...
The Puerto Ricans are just like the people in the state of RI, living off other non socialist states. Vote those bums out..
What cha gonna when u go there? U gonna wave ur hand and Vuallaa , PR is back on its feet. Only a Marxist or socialist thinks that way..
The problem with Puerto Rico, the country is run by a Marxist or a socialist government. Now u want to go there, a Marxist or socialist. Ha.
I vote in NY.  Your job is in NY.  Be sure to find something to criticize the President with.
NY, another state run by a dictator type government. Taxes are through the roof and corruption runs rampid..  Like RI and CT.....DeadZones..
Safe travels! You make me so proud 
Stop wasting our tax payers money the Governor already went
You are a bit late! Aren't you?  Better late than never!
These Americans are in dire straits - they need all the help the mainland can offer as expeditiously as possible - meds, items for children
#BiPartisanCongressionalDebt
#Oct5thANewRecordWasSet
#NowExceeds20Trillion and is
#Wasting14000DollarsASecond in #Interest
If #PuertoRicoPaysNoFederalIncomeTax
#HowDoYouKnow
#HowMuch more #NationalDebt
#ToAbuseForThem ?
#CongressionalDebtAbuseNowExceeds20Trillion
The Government could employ contractors
Military helicopters deliver water, food, medicine, fuel  & Med Vac out ANYWHERE! Even all over marginalized Puerto Rico. 
God bless you, I’m pray n for you & the people of PR. Lv
Oh thank goodness one of you realizes pr is a us territory
Make us proud Americans.
Proud of my Senator for focusing on the real disaster in PR, and on the plight of our fellow Americans. Go Kirsten!
why are you going? Can you provide medic aide or engineering advice? Why not stay home & donate cost of trip as aid to help?
Thank you!
Thank you.
Thank you!!!
Bring aid, food, water, medicine, cash, gas... to Rincon, Cabo Rojo, Ponce, San German, Joyuda, Combate, Boqueron...
...Thank you very much Sen Gillibrand..
How about you stay in New York or Washington and let the #FEMA people and others  just do their jobs.
Please save resources for the Puerto Rican's if you can double up in hotel room. Puerto Ricans have no ac and need to have hotels avail too.
Should be heading to Chicago or people die their weekly
Trump beat you to it, stay home
Why did it take you so long???
Congress was prevented by WH from traveling during the immediate rescue efforts.
Gracias!
Wait.... aren’t you a senator from NY? How bout you stay put and do something for your constituents.
Please report back!
Did you also visit Texas and Florida?
More rice and beans, por favor!!
Help washed out Puerto Ricans relocate in Michigan, Wisconsin, Ohio, N.C. & Pennsylvania.
Safe travels. I look forward to hearing the truth.
I like you, but stop posturing. You don't need to wait to go there to know how to help. Do something now.
Thank you
Please dont forget about the island of Vieques, PR! They are running out of supplies
Thank you. I am going in January when all the aid runs out. Please tweet wjat other NYkers can do since #fema is corrupt.
2020
Thank you.. Please check on asthmatics. I'm so worried for them too. Be safe. Safe travels
Who's PAYING FOR YOUR TRIP..WE THE PEOPLE OR YOU.
Well hell, it’s about time...what the hell have you been doing besides criticizing POTUS?  I’m sure you showing up will make everything good
Thank you
Safe travels! Lessons learned from our work on Sandy recovery: Disaster Case Managers were angels who knew what resources available to help
United Way knocked on as many doors as physically possible to reach Sandy victims.  Help needs to go to the people, not the other way around
What took you so long.
Thank you.
Stay away
TY. These are American citizens who desperately need help. It's what MOC's should be doing.
better way to get supplies directly to families or banking system to send them $$ for food/supplies. hearts breaking knowing they’re hungry!
Women get it done...
Stop running for president.
I've got faith in our true American heroes to save Puerto Rico.
Wonderful!!!
Have you downloaded #LikeAPrayer by @Lin_Manuel yet? 
Please report back a detailed list of what the Trump admin MUST do at a minimum. If you can please do so on @MSNBC. Thank you.
Please support the repeal of the Jones Act for Puerto Rico. Will help with emergency relief, recovery, and long-term economic health.
DON'T COME BACK
good for you, help as man people s you can
or many as I meant to type
Thank you for your good heart and your advocacy.
Great, how can u help ur constituents in PR.  We know, no constituents in PR, but politically it looks good. Delphi constituents still wait
getting yourself a few photo ops for re-election ads?  why don't you save the taxpayers money and stay home and work.
save the flight pollution too, I'm sure you're concerned about climate change as well
They need less politicians visiting and more hands that can do actual work.
They are not your constituents. Liberals continue to be Hypocrites on wasting tax payer $. @FoxNews @seanhannity
Puerto Ricans are Americans. Republicans waste taxpayer money on private planes for plutocrats, and corporate welfare. #GOPscrewsAmerica
Thank you Senator. I think they are all set with paper products #DonaldTrumpIsAMoron
How about visiting the Gulf Coast before Nate hits start organizing help for them before the storm hits
Take Cher and Rosie O'Donnell and Whoopi with SINCE ALL THEY DO IS COMPLAIN! !
Put their asses to work
Abolish all colonial laws that deprive Puerto Rico businesses and overall economy success. Jones Act for starters...
Thank you for going there and lending a helping hand! :)
Hope you're paying for your own ticket and packing some work clothes.
Will it be an extended stay?
Safe trip Senator.
Thank you so much. We New York Puerto Rican’s appreciate it!
Ricans* I don't know why autocorrect changed it to the possessive.
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator!!
More like what kind #fake New #trouble you can stir up
Don’t get in the way. are u paying for the flight?
Take LOTS of pics so ppl can really see how "recovery" is going down there!!
curious who covers the cost of these Senators trip to Puerto Rico and why does the Department of Homeland Security need their supervision
Thank you. B4 you leave, heard there was great need for small 9V battery operated canisters that can keep insulin cold.
Thank you, Senator!
Pandering
Count us in...
Can you go to the bad spots and show the American people what’s really happening please!
Don’t throw things at them and you’re halfway there!
Bring abortion doctors... Since that's all you ever Tweet about.
Check out vieques
I look forward to your update.
Perhaps adding 20 helicopters & 6000+ armed forces personnel: Army Corp of Engineers may speed up assistance coverage in PR & VI @MMFlint
Good you can report to the Americans the status of the humanitarian crisis they are facing. @realDonaldTrump has scrubbed info from @fema
take some people who worked on haiti rescue
@lifestraw provides clean water tech for #PuertoRico and nearby islands with the below fund raiser:
that very nice of you Kirsten.... Got some words for you please follow back
Thank you!! #Barranquitas is one of the towns that hasn't gotten any help 
Fantastic...thank you
You should have gone before the hurricane hit.
Hell why not ? U jerks R taking a week off on our dime anyway Cut taxes & spending Repeal o'care trillion $ tax
NEW YORK, ALWAYS THERE!! THANK YOU AT LEAST WE CAN GET A TRUE PICTURE OF WHATS GOING ON!!! LYING TRUMP!!
Safe travels, I hope you can help.

PS If you see @SenCoryGardner can you ask him to swing by Colorado on his way back?
Give our fellow Americans our love and wish them well
Please, get a correct number of ppl w/o water, electricity,etc. Not on FEMA’s website.
Will you spare some time for the Virgin Islands?  They were hit by two hurricanes and are being completely overlooked.
Please report back the truth with photos, videos, testimonials. Something that will shine a light on the devastation there.
Well boots on the ground might actually give you a chance to see what its like. Rather than just whining like all the other Dems.
Nice, really. But you should have been there before Trump.
You need to connect with @Bethenny who is Superwoman right now! She's swooping in and bringing supplies and evacuating the sick. Help her!
again, if  was a state, this would not be necessary.

Pack a feminist tee! I’d be over the moon to see a photo of you & @CarmenYulinCruz in #NastyWoman t-shirts!
Bring something with you, like food, water and medicine, as well.
Money always help...just saying
Don't forget to bring paper towels and practice your free throw!
Kirsten for president
