@GOP and @realDonaldTrump Dereliction of Duty by Definition -dragging their feet on renewing bipartisan supported CHIP. What is the Holdup?
Sad that Tax payers need to make themselves heard on something as basic as healthcare for children.
so let's take away their health insurance...their pay...their waste of tax dollars...fuck it fire em all.
YES!!!
You are speaking at a conference put on by BDS, anti-semites,the Open Society Foundation a George Soros funded foundation. You are exposed.
The Republican Party is the party of anti-Semitism, racism & dictator Putin.
Your vilification of Soros shows you promote anti-Semitism.
"Have you made your voice heard" to support the New York State Constitution's "Article 5, Section 7" during the upcoming NYS election?
We just had what 70 republicans vote against Puerto Rico - can't imagine this will go well
Repeal Obamacare and that may free up enough money to solve this problem.
The ACA saves $$. Problem is that billionaires want to steal this money and they own the Republican Party. #ProtectHealthcare
wrong its finished we the people are done paying for the lazy
AND pass a bill overriding the heartless idiot's exec order ending subsidies for insurance premiums. Go, Senator Gillibrand!

What about Trump missing deadline to implement Russian Sanctions!?
Custom Fence Designs & Styles  https://goo.gl/umHFe4    #fence
kirsten.. a bit more hostility is called for, here. 

really. 

"the republicans, who care more about money than people"... you know.. that
She is anti-semetic.
Vote "NO" on the Constitutional Convention (Proposal 1) Tuesday November 7th.
Yes, it's time for every single democrat to get their heads out of their ass and get behind Medicare for All. Renew what? Push forward.

Psychologists march through New York calling for Trump to be removed from office http://hill.cm/Fthnfdb  
I other victims of Cy Vance NYPD IA fixing not Harvey Weinstein want Special Prosectors Investigate Cy Vance, ADAs NYPD IA as well our cases
NYPD Sex Crime Unit Listen Not Harvey Weinstein. Det says I don’t need badge# offers advice! I called2 report crime! http://suzannahbtroy.blogspot.com/2017/10/nypd-sex-crime-unit-listen-not-harvey.html …
No we shouldn't wait until millions of children lose healthcare. Liars are Repubs who claim they give a shit about kids or anything but $$
Congre$$ Needs to IMPROVE 80%: MY Suggestion;add more WOMEN!
Congress couldn't find it's way out of a box canyon.
How are you going to cut cost in our health care?  Making affordable is also important!  Throwing money at a problem doesn’t solve it!
I was about to email you since you are my senator. Yes, please help to make sure this happens. Children should not be at risk.
@PrincessBravato I have, but will call again.
I keep calling my MoC, Senators...
You B my Congressional Rep. Rep on Sister, rep on ♡
Puerto Rico drowns, and suffers, California burns. I'm sure when he stops laughing, he'll get to it. After a few rounds of golf...
@PrincessBravato PLEASE watch this new film from discovered archival. 20Feb1939 MadisonSqrGarden.
Yes, called, emailed...
Good day to you
Carolyn bot. Hello and goodbye. Block
Congress will fulfill Obama’s legacy.
But where are the leaders of the majority in both houses?
No American grounded in reality has the tiniest bit of faith in this Congress' ability to do anything good re health insurance. Hope 2018?
They're not listening, they're taking children hostage for tax cuts to the billionaires that are demanding it. The pro-life party is a fraud
Tough choice either you are a monster and kick kids off of health insurance or you are not. Life beats money!
.@SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski Americans r suffering from derangd WH, natural disasters, domestic terrorists-Plz stand 4 us
Um....yes
But NOTHING IS HAPPENING
Had 8 years to work on WORST insult to American citizens
I am so disillusioned with our national "so-called" leaders. I am now convinced they don't care a thing about the people they represent

America, 242 yrs ago: "Give me liberty or give me death."
America, today: "Give me free health care, free college & free birth control."
How do I make my voice heard? I'm your constituent. Please answer.
We here in Ohio are working very hard to get through to @senrobportman . He has been a coward so far.
HUMPTY TRUMPTY DID AWAY WITH HEALTH CARE FOR TWO GOOD REASONS! #1REDUCE THE NATIONAL DEBT.
#2 REDUCE THE UNITED STATES POPULATION
Gillibrand have you made your voice heard yet? Speak up that's what you get paid for! STOP TOSSING THE ONION !
@resistthis2017 Yes.
9 mil. Kids ??? What kinda spin u got goin now ?
Yes, and I say NO!
Unlike a leftist woman, I realize someone else's sick kid is not my responsibility. It's called get married and get a job
Have you? If not do it now
Call ur congressmen & senators & demand townhalls
They're abominable4letting trump sabotaging ACA
I voted for you. You're supposed to make my voice heard.
estoy escuchando
Yes. I vote no
Democrats ruined healthcare for all with Obamacare, are in the minority and making demands.  With the weak Rep leadership it's possible ah?
Hell no. I don't personally profit if children have health care, Senator. It's better for me if they are sick and can't pay!
Yes
Thank you for keeping your eyes on this
Well senator why don't you hit the steps out front and yell scream and holler? No I am sure you would rather tweet and complain.
Remember this?
The GOP hostage stand off!
Gop evangelicals are doing this based on the bible.  Remember when Jesus said put personal profit before children's lives?
Republicans will prove completely that their concern for children ends at birth. Republicans will own this.

@AnnetteCMN I have called. But my senators are both democrats and are all on board 
Same here.  I went from MN (2 outstanding Dems) to WA (2 more Dems)?
Dosent seem to matter. He does and says what he wants
Yes! I have called your office MANY times to thank you for your leadership on healthcare! I also thank your staff for their hard work.
I think your top priority should be to remove the criminal in the White House and the treasonous leaders of the House and Senate.
Yes
Yes  impeach Trump
Have you??
1700 IBEW local 3 workers on strike in NYC since 3-28-17 against Charter/Spectrum,over pension & health benefits, families starving
There should be Universal Health Care. You Democrats failed in that effort in Obama’s firs two years. You blame who for uninsured children?
Ever heard of "Child Health Plus"?
Please let everyone know what GOP demands are for doing the human thing. If word doesn't get out they'll blame lack of progress on Dems.
when I was a child my parents payed for my health insurance, where are these children's parents, why do you want me to pay for them
@repchrissmith Have you made your voice heard to support New Jersey values? Care for children @RepChrisSmith
Done! Nothing done in this WhiteHouse
Aren't you in Congress? Do your job.
I’m sure it’s hard to decipher all the voices right now. Collectively it’s astonishing disgust over our “elected representatives”
I continue to ask the same question over and over. How is it that any American citizen is without healthcare when ACA requires it by law??
And Russian sanctions
I thought you said trump was taking it away? not congress. Can you make up your mind please and thankyou
@RepGoodlatte does not care and will not move to reinstate CHIP. Also voted against PR aid. And the Dems keep running chumps or no one at all. So disgusted I have quit voting. #pointless
Yes. And it’s like no one is listening.
I have, but you're my representative and have good sense like everyone else from NY. I'm encouraging ppl other states to reach theirs.
I've been more activist then at any point in my life. But this president is winning his war on America and the world.
There are state run programs that support children. We don't need the federal government in it.
You don’t have kids do you. I wish you could see the inside of a low income elementary school. We need every penny. Go work for Devos.
Why don't their parents renew it?
You R 1 of the strong women leading congress but I would appreciate seeing more about what you're doing to fix things vs what I can do 2 fix

Cowardly Lyin'
Oh that's a good one!!
Congress passed on ratifying payments, ONCE! Now what are you doing?
THE senate  senate   do not want  to enact     nothing that means they    did not work
We are screaming from the roof tops, but no one is listening.  Get rid of him before we are irreparably damaged.
You are my voice. Keep up the good work.
#getdemsout
