Asked again and again, @BetsyDeVos has failed to stand with survivors of sexual assault and uphold critical protections. 1/
By your own standard you should resign Ms. Gellybrain as all you have done is create misery for the people of New York State.
She's so unqualified!
Who are you serving Ms Gillibrand cause it's not me
Did you invite Emma Sulkowicz who lied about her assault and you invited to the State of the Union? I guess our sons don't count.
You better get out of PS if thats the case b/c u arent for serving ALL ppl
Yes please get out !
Well in this case maybe she is serving the wrongly accused... and I'm no Betsy can.  Current law is flawed
@BetsyDeVosED Compassion Ma'am. Start with that. Also, try looking at the facts. You are in the public sector now. Not a sect.
Don't you get it?You are in public service to help ALL people.Due Process for all college students We all are the United States of America.
Outrageous that this woman is allowed to protect sexual predators.
Her Dominionist Cult agenda.
As a democrat, I have to support what is fair. In this case DUE PROCESS is what is fair. Why don't you support fairness?
But no worries, next election you are gone
Your a joke
you are in public service to uphold the constitution! you need to figure that out!
Take your own advise, let someone useful get something done.
You help no one
Corporations are people. She serves her favored corporations. Therefore she serves people. See?
@getots @BetsyDeVos @SenGillibrand what exactly have you done to help help anyone?
Please show me convictions from criminal court. Thanks
Finally we agree - You and Chuck should GET OUT!
Who are YOU serving?? Sure as hell not we the ppl. If u were the RESULTS of ur asinine policies would matter. They don't. Just the vote do.
Betsy Devos and her brother Eric Prince are predatorial charlatans.
At the expense of the constitutional rights of the sometimes FALSELY accused. All for a woman's feelings!
She serves to line her pockets plain and simple.

She is a lying fool. Her appointment was to blow up the department she leads
So, tell me again why we need a department of education? NOT in the constitution. Feds have NO RIGHT to dictate education policy
betsy contributed $$$ to attain her position. She hasn't a clue about public education. Our kids need a devoted person who is not a trumper!
Trumper's are devoted you poor little girl
Devos seems to serve the hypocrisy of false vanity & hollow worship of selfPride & a god that ignores needy to rewards greedy w/wants/glory
again, while harsh. this is my opinion of choices made.
Choosing to hurt folks so a few others feel good about revenge on progress is wrong.
So how do you explain the fact that lefty women are total BARKERS?!
After reading about your co sponsoring bill to punish people for their beliefs I will happily vote for Dems who run against you! #ShameOnYou
This issue is much more complex than you indicate in your 140 character tweets. Stop demonizing & present your case in detail
Because she's evil
She serves money to create a non Christian jihad.  Money & power to establish her brand of Christian schools to indoctrinate a cult of hate.
What a crock of crap.  You only support liberal democrats not woman, it's party first and always, gender isn't even a close 2nd
Hey, where's the $$ in that, huh?
Whom*
Well said!
herself. It's all about money. She will get it through Trump. Why else would a billionaire take a $175,000 a year job.
Omg that billionaire is just a freaking idiot with some twisted agenda, let her buy her own country to make stepford people who follow her
Another great turd pick someone that doesn't know there ass from a hole in the ground
Bozo and his circus all need to go
Rapists?
Should have asked "#DearBetsy: When are you leaving?"
AND-Some good TERM LIMITS  legislation/amendment for the Octogenarians in the Senate would also be a good start. 130 days a year at work?
She serves bigots like she is! What did you think she brings in her Job!
Herself
She serves some fucked-up idea of $God$
She's serving the same god that trump and all his corporate cabinet serve: MONEY
Betsy is in it 4 herself. She got the job by donating millions of $$$$  what a waste of DNA
Do you support Universal healthcare ?
Devos serves only herself. Maybe Satan.
The same ultra rich 1% Trump, Pence, Ryan and the cabinet are serving. The same people that convinced you to vote for them. Wake up people
You are such a hypocrite @senGillibrand
You said it perfectly, @SenGillibrand
Herself. It's just a hobby for her. Serving people in not in her repertoire.
What on Earth *is* her philosophy- what is she for? Again I say, one of Trump's most foul and wrongheaded choices.
Columbia University settles gender bias suit by man in "Mattress Girl" accusations. She lied & you supported her.
I think you are one of the best representatives in the whole damn bunch. Don't let some of these jackasses get you down. And Betsy serves $$
This is happening to all of r government now! T Admin is deliberately installing people that have/will destroy agency they r  in control of.
Trump is a clueless isolationist! Look at his interactions on the world stage? & All his Admins heads are diametrically opposed  1/2
I think I remember hearing you state that a little differently, @SenGillibrand. (I appreciated the other version. Dems are too polite.)
Devos is not a nice individual; nor is her brother. She will only be satisfied when all young folks are in Christian Charter Schools.
Too bad Windquest didn't go under with her on it
She is serving her masters, friends and cronies, Senator. These people R treating USA like a third world, hell hole where this is 'the way'
Her King
Herself.
You think transferring wealth from those who earn it to those who don't is public service, Betsy thinks that honoring her oath is service!
Betsy is serving herself. Look into that DeVos computer that was hooked up to a computer in the White House for some answers.
If you believe God put you there, then he must approve of your policy. Betsy has a special kinda religion. Dutch Reform & Amway ! Barf.....
Are you surprised? #Devos
Why would the Secretary of Education stand with survivors of sexual assault?
You are in public service to assure level playing ground - you are not in-service as a church to decide who/who not to provide service to!
I wish more Senators felt as you do about service
Ur Delphi constituents hope this is ur signal that ur getting out! Because u certainly haven't served ur "public"! Political BS @ it's best
Are u serious? This has 2 be the most disingenuous thing you have said. Please explain in a tweet all u have done 4 ur Delphi constituents
You imply the rape culture of these schools is Betsy’s fault. Think again.
#Servitude as in
#ProvidingAProductOrService
#WhatsYourDefinition ?
#ShouldItAlwaysBeVoluntary ?
#WouldYouEverFavor #InvoluntaryServitude ??
Hey genius, restoring due process to protect innocent men wrongly accused of rape IS helping people. Men are people too.
Those who want to foster an agenda of privatization and more for the top. Period.
Like all Republicans they're serving their king Trump.
She doesn't want to dirty up her suits
You are not in public service to help people but to help people help themselves. You govern only through consent of the people!
Those who stand to make money off of for-profit colleges.

In other words, herself.
The way you're now clouding Lyme disease facts, as you'd done previously with academic rape facts, just who are you serving @SenGillibrand?
Betsy is working on schools!  More than I can say your doing about schools
She serve the John Birch Society in a huge way
And the CPN an Ultra right wing christian society that SPLC calls a hate organization. She was on the board as well as Pence & Bannon
Mammon.
her self interest
shes serving herself n rest of the oligarchy...she is an amoral god using sadistic clueless sociopath...who cares abt profit not students
@getots @BetsyDeVos Seems like you obstruct get nothing done. Save me some money here's a start
#DearKirsten Is calling an innocent student a rapist your idea of public service? #DearBetsy supports all students
Betsy wetsy does not support all students.  That's a lie. If she did she wouldn't take away protections for lgbtq
Umm there were LGBTQ accused students in the meeting
She is serving the wealthiest of people. Case closed. She doesn't care about your children. Case closed. This woman is not fit to serve!!!!!
You know she swore her loyalty trump, right?
No one should be surprised, her boss is the KING OF MISOGYNY
That is such a crock of crap, you are in govt to serve yourself and your pocket book.
rolling stone fake rape at UVA. protect men from pig liars
Such an UNINFORMED and misleading statement.  Do you need to reread the Constitution (of the USA, just to be clear)?
her donors?
Exactly! It has been too long since there has been acountibility within our government. In 2020 it will change! #Valles2020
I like the other way you said it..."Go the f*ck home!"
Thank you!
You can help us! http://www.danishhomecelltower.com 
We're NYers 
Send help

She is in it for herself and other rich people
Who do you serve, other than the Democrat Campaign slush-fund baby killing factory called Planned Parenthood?
We’re in public service to help people. If we’re not, we should get out. So #DearBetsy: Who are you serving? https://twitter.com/getots/status/887030596173803523 …
Who do you serve, the man who ones Putin?
She's serving her God - money.
Well, since she's trying to convince Trump's EdSec to change her position on an issue, pretty sure she accepts that Trump is President.
Where was that attitude when obama was in office for 8 years? Only ones who got serviced were politicians!
Coincidentally, Obama never once appointed DeVos as Sec of Education.

So, you know, it could be that. 
Or it could be Obama approves of rape? He did nothing for 8 years to stop rape in military as "Commander and Chief"
