He was denouncing the media as he should have. The coverage was ridiculous and divisive. He's not a racist: Kushner and Omarosa!
Actually he is very much a better than what we had or was offered from the Democrats which I used to be. A pro American. I'm Independent now
#impeach #25thAmendment
Welcome to the land of oz. the wizard lives behind closed camera shutters and he tweets when the cities sleeps.
I can see what a great job you all have done so far.
Repeated loss of seats, threats, trash mouthing, no msg, name calling, hate, Antifa. 
You're leading in empty retorts!
He is morally unfit to be President #Trump
When?
No one can "agree to disagree" on fascism, racism, sexism, anti-LGBTQ  - or on any other discrimination.
Speak up - every day, everywhere!
That is what freedom is .. the ability to have ones own beliefs.... I don't agree with and of this.. but it is your right to feel how you do
As we have the freedom to say, "Your beliefs are racist; you should be ashamed!" - as I will every time I hear such anyone say such shit.
I think this entire system is a joke right and left you are being manipulated
Democrats only lead from behind. Accept that @realDonaldTrump is OUR @POTUS and he will #MAGA Quit whining.
#StandWithTrump
@LouDobbs
The left can't find anything on President Trump, so they keep on looking for something. It ridiculous
They refuse to accept @realDonaldTrump as the @POTUS . They are seditious commies.
Donald Trump is the root of all that is evil, and he doesn't even realize it.
Show me one thing and not from CNN
In reaction to hate &devoid of leadership, let us flood social media w quotes from actual heroes that our children can look up to.
Ok Stephanie, "ask not what your country can do for you ask what you can do for your country"
I'm an Iraq war veteran's wife. A veteran that gave this beautiful country 18 yrs of service. I've served in my own way as a military wife.
I am a 25 year Army veteran myself, but I thank that it is wrong in removing monuments to soldiers who died in battle no matter what war
I helped protect monuments in other countries just to watch it in my own country, I know we are better than that
You and Chuck have lead New York into a state of no hope. Please resign.
Kirsten, he's the Fuehrer wannabe!
Trump Justice Department demands identifying information of visitors to anti-Trump website. What are YOU going to DO about this?
When?  You took an oath to defend U.S. against enemies foreign & domestic. DO YOUR JOB! We are sick of inaction.
It is easy for GOP politicians to condemn Nazis& KKK I want them to condemn voter suppression laws  gerrymandering & all GOP RACIST policies
sure sounds like it to me
We true Americans will vote you out..
Is that a threat ???
There's a revolution taking place, it's called the Constitutional Revolution, it's  even bigger than Trump..
I love nationalism, I'm a nationalist, I oppose globalism. Europe is being destroyed by globalism... And Angel Merkel backstabbed her people
Great, when are you going to start leading Gillibrand????????
Please do, we thank you.
He won't.
If you and your comrades would get the hell out of the way, maybe just maybe he could get something done.  Actually, he has done well so far
This is creepy
And against this racist monster.
Keep dreaming that you liberals moon bats will lead. We had 8 years Obama, that was enough..
Why would someone like you, who claims to be a leader feed this irresponsible rhetoric that claims @POTUS  is a white supremacist & Nazi?
but how?

Yes PLEASE! We need a #28thAmendment to remove the ENTIRE administration. #NewDanger #NewPrecedent #DoSomethingGOP #WriteThe28th #RESIST
How he can not be racis if his father was member of the kkk.
Someone lead him to the door please.
Lead
He is leading you are not following
The duty is to protect citizens rights such as free speech each side has the right to voice their opinions of the confederate monuments
Does it occur to him that the neo-Nazis want his grandchildren dead?
Thank you for your leadership!
Just cuz he's not leading you & me, Senator, doesn't mean he's not leading. =\
LEAD? HE COULDN'T EVEN FIND HIS CAR
You haven't lead in eight years.
Awesome. I wanna see every last Democrat speak out against these nazi and nazi wannabe derps.
He has to be escorted out
Trump has probably never read our Constitution nor studied WW2. Those who are ignorant of history are damned to repeat it.
Thank you for sharing  your thoughts. I hope there are enough sensible and intelligent people in Congress to recognize this man is DANGEROUS
Sound like you  want to commit treason
Impeach before he destroys our country!
Wrong. You won't  lead anything except  loser liberals
Well said, Senator. Thank you.
Please watch, RT.  There is no “I’m not political”. These ideas are in the WHITE HOUSE and must be addressed.
Kick this idiot out of the White House ... all those working under Trump should resign in disgust for his lack of human morals
I think not sen.
Well he won't do it, so thank you for stepping up.
She has no backbone...she misuses her political power to go after innocent servicemen with trumped rape charges!  Witnessed 1st Hand!
Take the lead Senator please! You and the rest of dem senators speak up and demand #impeachment
He DID speak out, you just don't listen, only heard what you chose to hear, listen again! @POTUS was right calling out ALL hate groups, urs
Great article, but you spelled supremacy wrong in the headline. All Americans should be Nationalists 
Better leader than you'll ever be KG. Sorry I ever voted for you...
You helped create this climate. The @Potus is trying to unite. You ignore violence when it supports your views. He condemns ALL racism!
please run for president
the time is now for ALL members of #congress & the senate to take a stand against #racism & #DoSomething! like #ImpeachDonaldTrump!
Please do! We need solid, visionary, creative Democrats and Democratic Socialists carving out a new vision of love, inclusion, innovation.
It's too late for words, take action to #IMPEACHTRUMP
#censuretrump
Leading in this instance has to include impeachment.
Thank you, Kirsten. We need you and others like you to stand up to this jerk.
Gillibrand 2020
please call for his resignation.
I see state Governors and city Mayors picking up the slack in governing by American ideals.  Much appreciating
Do you mean how he got NK to back down? Or living up to campaign promises? Or do you mean led like Obama bowing? Clarify?
When I see a service man/woman I say "thank you for your service". So to you @SenGillibrand and @SenSchumer - Thank you for you Leadership
Elected President, not king. He has a duty to maintain the dignity of the office. If he does not???
Adolph Trump!
once again proud you are my Senator
Thank you for trying to stop the #moralbankruptcy in this White House.
Amen Senator!
Speak out.
Prosecute Remove No Lenency

Universal income now as  no jobs are being created without removing past jobs.
Expand Medicaid ACA
Thank you ma'am!
Your duty as being part of congress is to figure out how to remove this unfit man.
You libs think just bc you condemned it the problem is fixed.
We dont need more talking. We need action on the problem. Like actually fixing it.
Unless trump is out, we are now led by a racist.
Step up and make as much noise as he does Kristen. Bernie needs support going after this turd.
Hell yeah!
You should lead regardless of whether Trump does. Because I don't want to go in the direction he is leading.
Time to impeach the white supremacist
Bigotry in America only has a voice because folks like you give it one.
You lead to bolster your own agenda.
Yes!!!!
#UseThe25th #ImpeachOrResign
Then start by leading Trump's #impeachment
It's time to call for his resignation. He won't change. #DumpTrump
Please! He must go although Pence isn't much better
Impeach! Treason
Where's @BarackObama ?
You led from behind the last 8 years. At least you didn't use the F-BOMB!!! Nazis is a socialist party - check out socialist Bernie Sanders!
I ask you to please publicly call on Trump to resign. At this point, anything less is unacceptable. Your constituents have had enough.
So senator maybe you & the rest of Democratic establishment come& demonstrate too against nazi's instead of harvesting on it ! Feel the Bern
Maybe Dumpty will help him or David Duke?
You go Senator !
Please -- we leadership and unity and not in-party division. Unite along lines of humanity and decency.
his performance was his coming out that he is not equipped to master the calculus of race relations and how to approach Nazism.  Fail.
Thank you, Senator
Go Senator. With you all the way!
Please do!
Thank you, Senator. This needed to be said. Proud to be a new yorker. Please ignore some of the responses below. Brainwashed putinbots.
Trump has the right to his opinionIke everyone else, 1st amendment ahole. Nobody helped divide this country more than Obama. He dissed cops!
I like @SenGillibrand
We look to you @SenGillibrand to lead us away from this precipice. #CensureTrump #ImpeachTrump #ResistForHeather
First step...remove from office both him and VP...
What are you and your peers going to do about having a Nazi sympathizer in the Oval Office.
Trump is a punk plain and simple
Start a campaign to BOYCOTT person's BUSINESSES & PRODUCT LINES-its faster-safer-legal way 2 get person out
The ? is: how can we work together to make an impact? If GOP doesn't pull their heads out of their asses, they are screwed in 2018 and 2020.
Proud to have you as our Senator.
He's done more than bho 2 this point. He is a Leader, unlike bho. Our national debt is declining and he's taking more heat than otherPOTUS.
I don't agree with you. But thanks for expressing your opinion civilly. Increasingly rare. Sad.
Don't be nice
Some people there,where just to protest the removal of the statue.But the media won't say that. It was all set up
There is going to be A Civil War Tina. The blood will be on the hands of the Democratic Party and their propaganda arm the MSM.
Then why do we have. "Him". Impeachment is next step
IMPEACH HIM, pls
We the People must take our country back. RESIST 
Since GOP dont have spines or balls, then it's time for Americans to act. The government is clearly not working for the American people.
#Charlottesville #HeatherHeyer
Where r all ur other Demz? Y such silence? This is like having someone put his head on the tee
 someone liked this
Please call for him to resign. Please
Thank you for withdrawing your support for the Free-Speech ban. #Israel
Please senator.  Are your kids going to public school this year?  I guess not. Joke!!
You're awesome! Stay awesome.  We appreciate you.  :)
Fact: Trump + GOP is dismantling govt- cut regulations, cut EPA, cut tax enforcement etc = Koch bros. wish list- doesn't care about racism
All of us need to speak loudly and make clear that we will no longer allow stand for Trump and his Administration to rip our America apart.
Will you follow the lead of Rep Nadler and censure him?
Define "we"
And thugs with sticks
Here one more time - YOU LOST!!! He is doing a great job in spite of what you liberal democrats throw at him
You couldn't stand up to Jew hatred in Iran? At the women's march? Why should we trust you to do that here?

There is a lot more Americans that will not stand for Trump's Administration and we need to stand up the the American values they don't!

Quitter CEO'S only letting USA down. Councils were for all Americans. Not for their own political grandstand. Stand tall, Unify,don't quit!
#DumpTrump
Call for his removal! He is absolutely and undeniably unfit to serve as the POTUS.  He is an evil dictator that must be taken down.
Amen to that.
Can we lead him out of office yet?
Thank you.
There is a cancer on the American Presidency, #Trump Presidency presents a clear and present danger to the security of our nation!
We need you more than ever. Get the ball rollkmg on removing this animal. The country can not sustain his leadership.
Kirsten's Da Shizznit bro
Thank you, my Senator.
What do we want?!
Trump gone!!
When do we want it?!
NOW!!
What do we want?!
Trump gone!!
When do we want it?!
NOW!! #tweetURprotest
Go, Senator!!!
Product of dem leadership. Unemployment regulations and death. Chicago Baltimore
I hope you're thinking about running for Prez Kirsten.
Thank you, Senator, for standing for New Yorkers, Americans, and human beings.
Pleaseeeeeeeee impeach this man. #ImpeachTrump
Sen Gillibrand sides w Palestinian fascism across every US campus - said ZERO against gross anti Semitic faculty & admin

Title VI
You couldn't lead the way out of a fully lit tunnel!
Oh Trump leads. Just not to anywhere we want to go.
3 blind mice exec branch house and Senate. Lead to nowhere.

Demand his resignation.  I live in Brooklyn, I'm your constituency.  Stand for us and get this white supremacist out of the White House.
What about you speaking out about all hate groups . You guys are so one sided . Nothing that guy does makes you people happy.
Right, you and your mentor Chuckles do nothing but try to undermine him. He was elected @POTUS , get over it. Better luck next time.
Thank You Senator
How about you folks with some power get him out of the WH?  Not embarrassed enough yet?
TRUMP IS UNFIT!  No more dancing around this!
Can the Senate/Congress demand his resignation?  This has to end!  Thank you for all that you do and keep up the good fight!
Indeed. https://twitter.com/AnneFrankCenter/status/897886619633688577 … #ResistForHeather
Extraordinarily powerful statement from Orthodox rabbinicial association condemning @POTUS.  Here is association's statement: 
Good For You Senator! Well Said!
Okay leader, give us your thoughts on this? Condemn or condone?
When did anyone speak out about the horrible things and chants from BLM! IM SICK OF YOUR DOUBLE STANDARDS! And sick protesters arrest them!
Do it girl!!!!!!!!!
I'm waiting!
Impeach now
Impeach him NOW. He's in violation of the emoluments clause, he's using the DoJ to harass political critics, he's a threat to democracy.
I do not approve of trump
From a New York NaziCrat
Thank you Kirsten! The Legislative Branch is equal to the Executive Branch. Please remind your Republican counterparts.
#ImpeachNow. Slogans won't work. Take action!!
He is incapable!! When will you all wake up to the fact that he is severly Mentally ill !!  25th Amendment NOW!
Counting on you
Thank you for speaking out!
Talk is cheap. Time is short. Now would be good.

Than - do it!
The President has made his role irrelevant. Our kids will look up to those we put forth to them. Heather's dad is one
#Trump should be removed from office under the 25th Amendment. He is clearly insane.
