seems like this was around 30 years ago when I had child not 2 mention now the father's are getting leave also.
She can win presidency easily! She got my vote!

Letterman: "Have you had any dealings with the Russians?" Trump: "I've done a lot of business with the Russians." 
What can we do to help?!
Thank You Senator for standing up to Scott Pruitt 
fight for our environment. Persist! Be brave! Please!!!! No to Pruitt!
NO,NO, NO,NO, NO on Pruitt,
love it. Thank you Senator from California.it's basic reality,common sense...anything else is unjust for working Americans!
please vote NO on @RepDianeBlack H.J. Res. 43 Bill. An attack on women's healthcare and low-income family planning!!!
I implore you please do not climate denier Scott Pruitt ( EPA nominee) 
He is misinformed and reckless.
Umm, you're killing a lot of trees and the "Ides" are a group of days in a month. Humans have no ides.Dimwits
what @GOP talking points did you all get this morning? And btw - these "ides" are ppl! A movement of them #TheIdesOfTrump R coming
Too funny. Enjoy you tantrum Snowflake
Go right in the trash. Maybe he'll have a bonfire. Cook some hot dogs. POTUS does what's right -not what's  popular
UR half right! He does what's #altright! (& if being totally accurate, he does what #PresidentBannon says!) @PrBerman @GOP #TheIdesOfTrump
Coming from mindless AltLeft. Too funny. Go sing kumbaya and leave the governing to the adults
Great fight for your own leave,but hey don't worry bout the rest of us in the nation that need you all to do something for us
like pass healthcare, or any bill for that matter that is in our favor
quit legislating your morality on us and business
I am so f*** tired of the government dictating morality. I am agenst the government bieng involved in business and benefits.
Small businesses can't afford it. Need to come up with an alternative for businesses with 50 employees or less.
Sheryl Sandberg is challenging corporate America 2 take the lead n crafting family-friendly policies.
Thanks for being a wonderful example of progressive senator. #gillibrand2020
I like that this included needs other than maternity leave. I support this!
why haven't you donated everything you earned in 2016 to homeless vets?
Please secure #nuclearfootball. I feel my family is at risk. This can't stand.
battles wisely instead of fighting, President and Senate should get along, thats what your job is! 3 wks and bully attacks ..
Thank you for all of your hard work! You are a lotus flower growing out of a dank swamp.  Do you play bridge? We need a 4th
Good to see you fighting for this. We (women and men) should not have to choose between a family and career.
should stop! If the president hiccups u all attack him! Pick battles wisely, but whats going on is REDICOULAS!!!
Well then why don't you focus on doing your job, instead of fighting the President over every tiny hiccup that goes on, pick
you get enough pay anyway
really and who is going to pay for this ??? Self employed figure out what to do
we will never forget what u are doing to this administration..I live in NY ..I vote...
Senator maybe you could be the first to break that highest ceiling? We need a woman in the WH!
Sen Gellibrand we hear you. We appreciate all you do.
how is your proposal different than FMLA?
Paid leave in the Senate. You mean if we pay, you will leave? Sounds about right. Have fun being irrelevant.
Thank you for voting no against these thugs!! We are with you! Don't let up!!!
this would be much needed progress, instead of hearing, look at the Dems they can't do anything
You people make to much money now, I think maybe term limits for you pieces of crap, would make more sense!
why should you get paid leave? You need to stop being the problem and join the rest of America and unite. Get Trump a chance.
Yep. 
You are an inspiration to women and all that we do at @thesecond_shift!
.
I have the way to defeat TRUMPism & the 0.1%ers.

Read
First American Internet Revolution 

At
http://Amazon.com/-/e/B01MTCW4ZQ  
.
@morningmika - making it hard on business one bad idea at a time.
Please work for term limits, too!
I love you.
this would be a life saver. I fell and broke my foot going to work I'm on med. Leave bit will not get paid this would be good
thank you Senator for bravelyvoting against ALL of Trump's nominations! 
Gillibrand2020!
thank God for wonderful Democrats like you darlin
thank you senator i'll see you in 2020
investigate Russian ties. Demand his taxes. #impeachtrump #resist
I wAnt to see the so called Presidents taxes. He hasn't paid shit
work with all the senators to make Obamacare great for all Americans! Paid leave should be used for valid reasons!
political office should not be made a career. We need term limits.
@morningmika PAID LEAVE??? You don't get anything done now. That's ridiculous.
Thank you for all of your work and dedication, Senator. #trueleader #LetLizTalk
@morningmika It all sounds good until the small business owner has to pay for it. If I get sick. No one is there to backer up
you are my senator 
Thank you for everything Senator.
More debt for New York tax payers
@morningmika remembered two more funding sources. Nancy Pelosi and Diane Feinstein's husbands govnt real estate contracts. $$
thank you, Senator!
Please compare and contrast your idea's with that of @IvankaTrump - you might be able to get something done.
Thank you! B/w this &your votes in the Cabinet hearings so far, you have quickly become one of my "sheroes." #womentowatch
@genebsperling Do men get paid leave?
pass cabinet
thank you for your tireless work!
@morningmika Ivanka and GOP will want credit for this.  Hope you can get support to get this passed.
@morningmika use the $$'s Senate Dems make above their govnt salary and leave multimillionnaires to fund it Think Harry reid.
@morningmika that's an easy initiative. Just raise taxes on Middle America. Nobody listens to them.   Hmm. Wait. Trump does.
do more videos! But closer up / better focus!
@morningmika focus your attention on creating jobs.  Dems trigger word.  And then companies can afford paid leave. #horsecart
And! What About This? Our Poor First!
thank you ! You have turned out to be one of the very best senators in this country. You have a lot of support out here !
@morningmika Good luck with that! 
@morningmika are you kidding me
Thank you Senator Gillibrand!
@morningmika Maybe you should reach out to Ivanka Trump for help. That is one of her priorities. Would be nice to see. Peace
- Mmmm. Another job killer. You liberals really are a piece of work.
@morningmika Looking forward to you working with @realDonaldTrump and @IvankaTrump to pass @potus great initiative.
sorry to tell you but paid leave means paid for by the tax payer
@morningmika  Women used to have their babies in the fields and keep right on working. Leaves are totally unnecessary expense
AND you will tax the Middle Class to pay for it!! You are a Bunch Of THIEVES
@morningmika good news is great when you contribute to the problem is just like everything else it'll be abused
@morningmika   Unnecessary expense for businesses should be unpaid leave if Anything You chose to have kids they didn't 
@morningmika to have "leave" one must first have a JOB. Pass tax reform FIRST
@morningmika Everyone does.
@morningmika how many corporate offices have you contacted to support your idea?
.@SenGillibrand .@morningmika Stupid idea
You're doing a GREAT job as my voice in Washington. Thanx
I think you'd make a wonderful president.
#Repug controld House/Senate seems like a very uphill battle with middleclass gettn screwed! #MidTerms2018 #TheResistance
I stand with you, Senator!
I've been watching you, Gillibrand, thought you might have something special.  But, alas, you're the tired old Dem. Est. 
Someone's setting up a presidential run. I can feel it.
vote on the presidents cabinet up or down do your job or resign.
I live in Cali but can I come work for you?
loving you more and more every day! #presidentgillibrand
