Here is a thought if you can't afford to raise your kids DON'T have kids!!
When she says "lift the burden" she means gov't paid for, which means gov't gets involved, which also means, higher taxes.
Yes, and raising the wages of the women who care for kids!
Yeah?  How?  Tax credit for childcare?  Anything less is bullshit.
What next? Free shopping at malls, free Uber to supermarket, all on taxpayer dime of course
In a democracy we all pitch in for the public good. To assume it extends beyond what we are discussing reveals your priorities and politics
Collectivist bullshit. Significantly lowering everyone's taxes would accomplish more
Unfortunately, your guy wants wealth redistribution. The only people who will benefit from tax "reform" are the 1%. For the rest of us, meh.
I'm talking about NYS not everything is about Trump you know
High quality child care is a key part of the two-generation strategy. #TwoGen helps both parents & kids.
I have 2 kids in full time daycare in PA. $2000 a month. It's insane.
Please
Why not fight for a living wage than American families can afford child care without help?
Kristen, it's time for people in this country to get out of the nanny State mentality and figure out how to take care of their own needs.
you want to help everyone... stop sending tax dollars to other countries.... get this country's problems fixed first ...
More taxes from the democrats again. Another freebie
New York child care services are fraught with over regulation end Rising costs due to both regulation and minimum wage raise. Dems FAULT
It's a shame New York Democrats gave away college and strapped Working Families
I'm a #WorkingMom, when my boys were in FT #childcare the cost exceeded my mortgage. Supporting working families strengthens our economy.
Raising minimum wage to $15 an hour will increase child care costs by 30%
Child care is the idea born of Ivanka Trump.  None of these issues, Gillibrand claims, ever existed before Pres Trump.  Vote these liars out
Yes the govt should pay for everything. Moronic babble.
Go grow some money then.
U should work with Ivanka Trump on this issue.
Amen. Prohibitive child care costs are the single greatest barrier to women's success. Both financially and emotionally.
Really ? But what about tax cuts 2 the supper  rich  lets give them more  who cares about work n  families
Sen NY needs #SinglePayerNow working families need hcare. As a single mom I ask please follow Gov Brown's lead. Both are devastating $$$
I already pay for 2 children. How many more can I afford?Once again, a government program IS NOT FREE! Where is the $ coming from?!
I took custody of twin 2 yr old grandkids from foster care. Daycare in rural NY was $1000 per month! Still  less than foster care!
just stopping spending and taxing personal earnings
Your Democrat Party created an issue that in the next few years will raise costs by 30% in New York #stonybrookchildcare
Raising minimum wage will have an extreme impact on the cost of childcare. New York Democrats didn't think about that .
Or let's make it feasible for a parent to stay home to raise & teach our future generations
How ... more taxpayer funded subsidies... NOT !!!
I vote in NY.  You do know that someone has to pay for it don't you?  Figure that one out then post.
How?  What's your plan for this?
We also need affordable senior housing, which also carries a hefty price tag. We need a holistic approach to Family Policy = Family Values
and thereby adding more to the debt.  sheesh
How?   Who pays.  Remember labor is the single highest cost and you are all for a $15 min wage which will increase cost across the board.
Are you suggesting they shouldn't reproduce or that they should be accountable for their actions?  Not suggesting other taxpayers pay for it
@rachbarnhart one of your prime issues as well.
My conversation with a voter over weekend was eye-opening. $1000 a month - half her salary - for childcare. County said no subsidies left.
It's terrible. And if you have two kids, untenable for so many: so one parent stays home, usually female ->>>wage disparity.
Or if there's only one parent, there are few choices here.
With my son #PA on Sunday. Told me their 2 sons in childcare 2017 = $$ similar to 1 kid public university tuition. No discretionary income
I'm a single mother. And a waitress. Daycare is 600 a month. It's more cost efficient to be unemployed. And that's a shame.
User a serious lake of personal responsibility. Libs always want someone else to pay their costs. Live within your means.  Pay your own way
It's time you learned that these gifts of yours are our hard earned dollars
Senator. What ever happened to personal responsibility?  Why should I pay for their child care?  Quit wasting our tax dollars #MAGA
So you'll take my money by force, so someone else can have child care?
My childcare bill is $1600 a month. But we knew that going in and planned accordingly. Cost is high not sure what you can do
I know many single mothers who work and can't afford childcare and make too much to receive any kind of assistance.
Raising the minimum wage will increase child care costs by 30%,
And who is going to pay for it?
Typical Dem spend spend spend
Or maybe help people who can't afford it not have children?
an issue in WNY is the lack of full-day kindergarten. It's not the same as "child care" but its not unrelated
The cost of childcare is why my husband and I may only have one kid.... We could afford a 2nd EXCEPT for the childcare - would exceed rent
I would rather die than be Trump's slave
trying hard not to choke on the hypocrisy since you support& defend murdering children in the womb..
Yes, more funding by government worked so well in college tuition and healthcare.

The banks loaning us money thanks you.  #FollowTheMoney
Many families have 2 working parents, and its sad they don't have much left over after paying childcare
Absolutely- what is your solution?
Absolutely ridiculous, ludicrous, since when is it gov job to support families? This is what your families are doing, enough families!!!
Call Ivanka and work together on a plan
Why should everyone else have to pay for others decision to have kids? If you can't afford them don't have them.
Why should I have to pay for Trump's secret service? Taxes pay for all kinds of shit we don't want or need. Don't be petty.
My daughter, single mom, pays 162. per week  (1 child) close to the cost of her rent per month. Horrible.
The biggest price tag is letting the state indoctrinate children to become social marxists dependent on big Gov
TY. Its why I had to leave prior job. 3rd kid alone, $2284/mo in NJ. Tried cheaper place, but awful care, didnt work out
parents need to weigh cost of childcare vs what they actually bring home in pay, may not b worth it budget & stay home till FT school starts
So we pass the cost on to others. My mortgage has price tag & so does my car. I want someone else to pay for them. And what about my pony?
For a second I thought you were referring to the Secret Service budget.
I pay more every month for child care than for rent. And the rent isn't cheap.
Us too!
HOW DO YOU PAY FOR IT?.........…...... CRICKETS.
Another liberal vote grab.  You are shameless Senator
So wait who's gonna pay for this now??
So typical the left and the Dems so good at spending other people's money.
President Trump is looking to do a major tax overhaul. Maybe you anti American Dems can stop resisting for a minute and get it done.
No, wrong!  Live within your means, don't have the children if you can't responsibly care for them.  It's not govt's job to provide daycare
6/ There is talk of a "tax strike"  - folks refuse to pay taxes until this is fixed. This is not a kleptcratic monarchy. Let's act like it!
The problem is idiots that think the country owes them and they aren't responsible for their decisions
Let me get my wallet...
5/ The fact that he CHARGES the Secret Service for golf cart use is just beyond. And we're not paying for MAL trips this fall/winter.
I thought it was crazy to pay for all of obamas Hawaii vacations
4/ And how about maybe limit these ppl to a certain # of vacation days/expenses, LIKE EVERYONE ELSE?
3/ And, enact a law stating that the taxpayers will only pay to secure ONE residence.
Another airy platitude in a career of such tripe by this empty suit in mannequin's clothing.  Senator as romper room monitor.
2/ A competent Congress would require, at a minimum, that officials can't profit off of their own taxpayer-funded protection.
Did you know congressdoesnt pay into soc sec or pay for Obamacare. No they have special deals. Ask your senator
1/"The Secret Service has spent some $60l on golf cart rentals alone this year." Unacceptable. I'm not paying taxes 2 fund dt's golf courses
I suppose they could bring their own golf carts if the wanted.
Please help US families - childcare costs are crushing and leave working women spinning plates while ice skating and making dinner.
How is this going to happen?
Healthcare premiums are 10% of what our family brings in. Child care another 10-15%.
Oh you can thank Obama for high healthcare costs
Please respond to my barrage of questions. I'm just a voter looking for answers.
Please do it so he stops asking
Live domwhere with reasonable housing costs. Live within your means. Get a second job if necessary since you decided to have children
Generations have raised kids. But somehow this generation can't figure it out! Very sad.
Makes it impossible for most moms to work bcchildcre cancels out pay
I agree! I'm not a mother, but I am an aunt and a caring community member. Now what's the plan/action steps?
Don't have kids if you can't afford them,or get two jobs. Don't raise my taxes because your irresponsible.
Lack of childcare is one of the biggest roadblocks, preventing parents from working to support their families. Reduce poverty.
Universal Pre-K would be a great help.
teach that age at home!  What is wrong with ppl that constantly look to the state to provide?
Ah yes. Because LI is so affordable that one parent can stay home.
There's a point it may be.
Sounds awesome,  suggestions?
I remember the day both kids were in school I could buy a new couch every month since I wasn't paying for infant/toddler childcare.
Dem solution: Free child care for all...
I have found YOU only get behind ideas that will promote YOU so how about promoting Working Families on this one.
Solution: Don't have any more kids than you can afford to have...
Amen!  Live within your means
How about supporting 100% deductible on tax returns for all childcare monies paid out regardless of income. Try that for Working Families
Democrats founder of the KKK , Democrats founder of ANTIFA, Democrat pay them to fight each other then Democrats blame Trump ! Crazy Party!
You do that by creating more and better jobs just like President Trump is going. #MAGA
I'd like to see some legislation for universal daycare
Tax payers shouldn't have to worry about how PARENTS pay for their childcare.
Ya think?
This one of the major reasons my son currently has no sibling. We can't afford the cost of daycare for 2 kids.
Agree, childcare is super expensive and with both parents needing to work it has become a necessity.
AND pay the people that take care of children what they are worth. Teachers and child care providers are tasked with inspiring our future.
I was thinking the same as a preschool director for 15 years, trust me when I tell you the pay rate is ridiculous
Hmmm... I thought @IvankaTrump was working on this? 
If the @GOp can find $1.6B for a silly wall the Mexicans were supposed to pay for, they can find the equivalent, at least, for USA's kids
So.....subsidize daycare centers? How about you just lower our ridiculous NYS taxes? #nannystateNY
4 kids in day care. more expensive than college tuition. no lie. tough choice, but insurance through my job. it shouldn't be so hard.
.@MomsRising - proud my @SenGillibrand is thinking of #WorkingFamilies.
Maybe you should stop voting w/ your party and the GOP giving subsidies to big oil, healthcare, Pharma, Monsoto tax cuts to rich, military
Single dad...I spend $1,135 a month just to go to work. This doesn't count $50/day on closure days like winter break.
In the 60s the PLO radicalized Palestinians by providing free child care. Dems, here's a great opportunity to win voters.
And just how are you expecting to pay for this?? Taxes, Fees or donations?? Nothing is free!
16 years ago I was paying about $900 per month. I can't imagine how much it costs now. 
$2300/mo for two kids on Long Island.
Move somewhere more affordable. Why should my taxes help you cover costs on Long Island while I live in Midwest?
Just ask the Secret Service!
How?  Cut taxes stop illegal immigration.  Wages will improve and increased wage will allow for better child care
Thanks for the good fight.
Mid the government stops taking my money, that would be great
But, if there were child care, more people could work. When people have money to spend, the economy is boosted.
But it is too expensive. Half of every check goes to child care and it is even more expensive when you have a special needs child.
How did they manage it in WWII?  If the government put value in it, it would happen!  Certainly, it can't be put on the parents (mothers)!
It would be helpful to either get a tax break like the earned income credit, etc. or more good after school programs.
Tax breaks for you mean more taxes for others.  Wake up
#WhoWouldYouForceIntoInvoluntaryServitudeOfThatBurden ?
Medicare for all, Senator?
And where will that money come from?
Higher taxes. Net gain for all, though, b/c power of monopsony means lower med. prices, + savings from not spending on pricey private plans.
Sorry. Go back to school. That's democrat math. Government has no business in healthcare. Everything run by the government is a mess.
I went to grad school for economics, thanks! In every single country with single-payer, you see better health outcomes for less money.
I'd advise looking at the actual evidence instead of dismissing contrary views because of what party you assume it comes from.
Ok snowflake
Senator, people are believing trump about "fake news".  Our nation is in grave danger. Please do all you can to remove him.
And the best way to do this is get the government out of the way and let free market competition work.
Too logical
You're autistic, aren't you. Are you going to take care of those kids like #CharlieGard? Just wondering if you think all life is precious.
I'm intrigued: in what way would you care for terminally ill, incurable children that would be different to the care Charlie Gard received
It's not the state's decision quite frankly. Those parents had a right to pursue experimental treatment, and their rights were denied.
The WORKER, who take care of these babies deserve every dime, however it would be nice to give parents assistance
Shut up!
A lesson the secret service knows first hand
#afterschoolworks!!  Funding #afterschool programs allows children to have a safe place to learn and grow until 6pm! TY for your support!
Gillibrand for President !!!
