Only people living in fear are the Trump base.  Pollsters were unaware of Pres Trump's popularity, because we hid from Black Bloc & ANTIFA!
Are you taking about the poor people in Chicago who's sons and daughters husbands and wives are being murdered by the thousands I doubt it
Your friend Linda Sarsour supports Shakur & Odeh both convicted terroists. I don't suppose u would condemn that? U r 2 busy stopping Trump
Yes yes, because in your eyes everyone is a victim and is incapable of helping themselves
And we must call out the GOP for its social injustice agenda.
Hi how are u
I stand in fear from the extreme leftists and those who riot and burn cities. Does that count?

Nailed it, Ann Richards. #DumpTrumpMonday! Delete him from Twitter & FB-watch him whine when he loses followers & the attention he feeds on! 
NEVER followed him, what am I to do?
Tweet anyway - you may have followers who do!
Or we could, you know, stop bombing them... You didn't mean those innocent civilians we've been murdering en masse via drone bombs did you?
Some guys from the FBI and police in Albany NY are psycho corrupt racists!I'm writing a report for all the world to know
,,,,
You liberals are no different then Islamic terrorist ..it's either you do what we say or death. Very Similar to those who follow the Koran
I would rather die on my feet than live on my knees. I will help fight when other are weak. We must support eachother. We will prevail.
We the silent majority will March on ur very home if this rep who spoke of killing trump is not removed asap!!?
Kristen Gillibrand, Can something be done to stop Republican bills that protect drivers from running over protesters?
Why?  Last time I checked roads were made for cars not protestors. Did I miss something?
Impeach him
For what?
Can we tackle voter suppression next?
What is "voter suppression"?
In 2013, the United States Supreme Court ruled in Shelby v. Holder that voting laws had resulted in voter suppression and discrimination.
First You did not answer my simple question. Next, you may want to read into that ruling a little bit more in depth.
I live constant fear stress Terminally ill homeless streets NYC Shelter 2 stressful dangerous Hsing lottery takes years forevr4 studio apt

I live in fear of terrorists, and I am a citizen of the U.S., does this apply to me also?
You should resign for DIVIDING our country. #RacistDemocrats
Israelis live in fear.  Where's your support for them.
I live in fear by expressing my 1st amendment as a Trump supporter! We know the DNC pays for violence! It needs to end! USA #1!
Say something or say nothing. #humansenjoyfood
We must lead by being incredibly vague?
People fear #Antifa do you stand with them.
Does that include those who live in fear of the violent far left groups like #AntifaTerroristOrganization whom you support?
You are a Democrat!!  You traffic in "fear" and manipulation!!  Begone hypocrite!!
I love your comments! Support is fine. We  vote for you to act tweet what you are doing to combat fears
Yes, just like our President!!
Censure Trump.
Fear is real among communities. Especially youth. Adults  aren't the only ones seeing and hearing these hateful thoughts & actions.
We must speak with our votes and get rid of senators that think that there is only one side in the violence. We must get rid of all violence
If members of Antifa and BLM only intention is to protest peacefully why do they always conceal their identity at protests? Makes me fearful
Thank you for saying that.
Please please please run for president in 2020!!!!!!!
But please do it. We are tired of reading and listening to words that don't become empiric. Stand for the ones that live in fear NOW!
Dems have made it clear by not calling out the alt left, they condone violently shutting down any political ideas they disagree with.
#altright #counterprotest #BostonFreeSpeechRally
#ElectionNight #Election2016 
You practice what you accuse @realDonaldTrump of being. #Demagogue

#DemAntifa

WE.MUST ALWAYS DO GOOD SO WE ARE REMEMBERED AS A GOOD PERSON !THERE WERE OTHER FEMALES !IN 3 YEARS NOT ONE SAID ONE THING NICE EXCE TABITHA
But your hate filled group is the one causing the fear. Love Trumps Hate ? More like your team with ax handles spreads hate
Live in fear? Why are they so fearful? #AmericaFirst #MEGA
Who do you speak of? Who lives in fear? People that feel the government is oppressive and over reaching ? How about them ?
Thank you.  But other than that, what is a plan of action from Democrats.  We need you.
Your silence has emboldened antifa to ratchet up violence. Why else would they show up everywhere with clubs, masks, etc? You are dangerous
Gillibrand 2020
Is that why you support AntiFa?
Need more republicans in government.We Are getting there
It is time for actions to follow the words put for by all congresspersons. People are fed up with inaction!
Bills victims
The people in blue need us on their side....watch their backs
THIS GIRL YEARS AGO ON ANOTHER TWITTER ACCOUNT PRAISED ME AND SAID NICE WORDS TO ME! WAS SHE BAD?
SOME PEOPLE MANY YOUNG OUT OF IGNORANCE !ARE MISLED BY OTHERS!
You are catering to the drama queens that didn't have such problems prior to November 9, 2016.
totally exaggerated
TELL ME THIS DID THIS GIRL I CHOSE TO FORGIVE! SHE WAS TOLD BY HER BOSES WHAT TO DO! TO MAKE ME LOOK BAD! DID SHE KNOW THIS?
Everyone is living in fear right now #TrumpFail
Not now that Obamas are http://gone.Life  is Good
FOR THEY KNOW NOT WHAT THEY DO!
IN CONFESSION THE PREIST TOLD ME TO FORGIVE !FROM WHAT I SEE YOU ALL DISAGREE !I TOLD THE PRIEST JESUS SAID FORGIVE THEM FOR THEY KNOW NOT+
Thank you Kirsten....  as one such unfortunate soul, I can tell you that it is this understanding that we need the most.  God bless
Good to know -  what are you exactly doing to counter the rise in anti-Israeli protests at NY colleges that was increased during Obama?
Who lives in fear?
How about we must stop composing inspirational tweets and start taking action to remove him from office? How about we do that?
We must protest freedom of speech unless it agrees with our point of view. The new America? What about those Awan Brothers? #FreeAssange
#LoveTrumpsHate #PeaceNotHate #Peace #love & #Justice #PLandJ
Look at today's protests against hate & nazis today & you will surely find hope. The people together will fix this & save this country.
Nazis who threw rocks and urine at police? Soro's KKK & Nazis? Communist masked Isis Antifa?! The ones Trump denounced?
it's your fault if they live in fear
Please help @NYGovCuomo stand up strong to his buddies in the #TrumpGOP and #denounceIDCny We need a progressive Gov not a #GOPpatsy
Fixed for DJT: we must make it cleer to those who live in feer.
We must help #heel  those who live in feer
She desperately needs your helphttps://www.gofundme.com/htfjs-elizabeths-last-hope
Yes ! I needed to hear this!
All hate comes from the left. You worship the wrong party.
