Health care shouldn’t be about politics—it's about people. The American Health Care Act would harm people.
The only beneficiaries of the #AHCA are big insurance companies and the wealthiest among us.
Through higher premiums, less coverage, and millions losing their insurance, Americans lose out with the #AHCA.
I'll fight back as hard as I can to defeat this bill—a misguided and purely political effort that will hurt New York families.
Thank you. We support your efforts.
They didn't read it, they didn't score it. They didn't care. For shame.
Trump has no clue concerning the particularities of this replacement- only desires bragging rights.
Vote Democrat
I urge you to vote for it in the Senate.   Don't vote party line, Obama care is failing, think of the people you work for.
Please stop it! Otherwise,  I am -dead woman walking- I don't have time on my side!
I agree. Thank you @SenGillibrand for fighting for us.
Healthcare is not a right
Really?
I loved UR ideas on healthcare on the View this morning!  Women need to take healthcare & show the MEN HOW IT'S DONE RIGHT!! REWRITE IT!
Would you run for president?
Kristen, it's time Dems get behind #MedicareForAll. We need REAL universal health care and a distinct majority of American's support it
ObamaCare is atrocious and is dying a quick death. It has to be replaced, soon. Remember the promises of Obamacare; all lies!
@KatieSkye313 If EVER there was a politician we could trust ONE is you PLS TELL us what we need to do to keep people alive
Support environmental regulations and education
I worry that the women in my life are going to be kicked to the curb.
@KatieSkye313 Would YOU consider speaking or would it be dangerous if so pls do NOT I respect YOU AND do not want u hurt
@KatieSkye313 resistance March on May 27th pls tell everyone u can we need to go LG 12p.m.-4peaceful at Albany Capital
KEEP UP THE FIGHT!!  TrumpCare = DeathCare!  Just more tax cuts for the rich!

Democrats Lie about #PlannedParenthood Services! Just Listen and Learn. Lies from Democrats continue 
How can we trust only male Republican Senators to properly review this horrible bill?
obamacare is about dead. so when it fails everyone will be without  insurance  So whats your plan? obamacare is UNaffordable and garbage
What we need is Medicare for all Premiums based on income Negotiate drug prices
You were wonderful on the view today. Appreciate your ideology
great on the view today got to get all women onboard to save this country
Thanks for your efforts and I encourage you to support environmental regulations including anthropogenic climate change awarness
It's time for single payer! #MedicareForAll
Bad bill as was ObamaCare
Fight our good fight! I am one of your New Yorkers that would not be alive today without the ACA.
I'm a type 1 diabetic n I have kids with mental problems Wtf does this mean for us  I'm scared shitless
Encourage your fellow senators to vote No on the methane Bill change that would suspend reg. POTUS and Republicans attack enviroregs for $.
Keep fighting the good fight, Senator Gillibrand!
We are counting on you @SenGillibrand & @SenSchumer #cfadvocacy #preexistingconditions #cysticfibrosis @CF_Foundation @CFF_GNYC
When something happens like this R&R ACA JUST LAUGH, they don't know what they're doing. Cutting d nose to "spate d face"
Laughing 
Please!!
Don't you dare fix it.  They will look for someone to blame. Let them fall on their swords! #resist
Thank you.
Please vote NAY
KEEP FIGHTING! WE RELY ON IT! DONT LET THE BASTARDS WIN
We support you @SenGillibrand! I'm a NYer in #ny19 horrified  by @RepJohnFaso's vote. Let's vote him out! Donate to https://secure.actblue.com/contribute/page/swing-NY-19-left …!
Right you are on things.....thank you for your service.......
Why don't you come to the table and work together? Don't you have a shared goal being the good of the American people?
I hope you're going to make that happen.
Thank you @SenGillibrand! @RepStefanik could learn a lot from you on listening to her constituents. #VoteNoAHCA #WorkingMom #ProtectOurCare
YES! Stand strong, Senator!
Displace was more like it
Kirsten, you do realize that Obamacare was a complete failure. It was a lie from the very beginning.
Please fight this with all you got! @SenateDems !!
Voting on ACHA without knowing its effect on the budget is a violation of everything Republicans are supposed  to stand for.
@Nycd16Indivis
You inspire me to keep going, when it would be so much easier to hide in bed with the blankets over my head.
Please say the senate will turn this DOWN! We The People are in trouble! We count on our senators to speak for us Help!!No TRUMPCARE!!
Or actually work together in the house and retool something that both right and left can be happy with.
OBAMACARE endeavoured to go beyond the scope of previous social programs. What are the its virtues and drawbacks? This should be the focus.
Nope... loving it!
Counting on you, Sen Gillibrand!
Senator, we need you to fight the good fight. I am proud to have voted for and support you. I would love to help from Long Island.
@SenGillibrand @SenShumer please do what you can to defeat Repub health care bill in senate; deeply disappointed in my #RepTomReed
Thank you working so hard to preserve the AHCA. It is my ardent desire that this will forever weigh heavy on their consciences.

We the people, who ultimately pay the bills, are entitled to the exact same health coverage congress gets.
We're looking to people like you @SenGillibrand, lead the way, keep making us New Yorkers proud of our reps!
Such Negativity; The TRUE #PartyOfNo 's emergence on Nov 8th continue flowing as does a tsunami w/ it's relentless wash of blind destruction
Please do everything you can. #ACAmuststay
Agree. And please rethink 2020.
Please spend money on commercials explaining the ramifications & calling out NYS reps that voted for it! Call to Action!
Do not stop until this inhumane bill is buried. We are all counting on the Senate to remain enlightened. #resist
Democrats are liars
Plan parenthood don't provided any services to woman.
Only abortion
How you can lie to the people.
Plan parenthood are abortion clinic 
GOP pass to stop those clinic to kill babies
Thank you Senator Gillibrand. Keep fighting!
My girl know exactly what's up
Thank you, senator.
Get 'em, Senator!
You need 4 ppl on your side!
U really don't care about us. U smile as u watch ACA implode and laugh because u have a great health plan that is nothing like ours.
This will also impact employer plans.  Corporations will rush to add all allowed restrictions and caps to save money, too.
Thank you Senator Gillibrand!!
So proud to call you my Senator. Thank you!
Thank you for all that you do!
You knew OCare was atrocious but u LIED about it: like plan keep it. So, there's that. Dont believe u  #nocredibility #liar
You mad? Lol Getting rid of crappy obamacare is the best news ever! So proud of my President as he truly will make America Great Again.
Thank you for fighting 
We trust you to fight for what is right the American people! #KILLTHEBILL #TrumpCare
Please stop this bill! My family will lose all coverage!
Fight for ACA!  Save ppl lives!
Which Senators have family members with pre-existing conditions?
This is great!  Stop your lies and stop stealing from Medicare which I paid into since it was instated. Thanks Obama too!!
RIGHT thanks
Work hard Senator Gillibrand. Don't let those idiots do more damage to this beautiful & Free country.  They can all go to and stay in Russia
In addition, Obama stole millions from Medicare which I/we PAID into. So stop your baloney!!!!
Such a lie!! Just like Obamas lies "If you like your plan you can keep your plan, if you lie your doc you can keep your doc".
Please tell us anything we can do to try to persuade your GOP colleagues in the Senate to vote their conscience and do what's right...
agreed! What can we do to help?
well said, keep fighting.
2 nickname ACA-Obamacare is an acronym 4 racially motivated GOPs 4 repeal bcse it means blackcare n blue eyes territory.
Must be defeated & unseated GOP yes votes on ACA.
Obamacare was atrocious and was destroying the country.
I hope the Senate has balls to make it right ! The House pasted to buck!
Senator, it's not atrocious.  It's pure greed.  And it CAN'T get through your body.  Stop this.  Now.
I'm 48yo type 1 diabetic-can't afford it NOW. HELP# Kirsten#Gillibrand#
Give us our marching orders!!!
we are counting on you!
please!
Thank you @SenGillibrand. A c-section saved my daughter's life. I can't imagine having to choose between my child's life and money
please please please
Yes please @SenGillibrand make it go away.
Before Americans. How many of you know that Putin's  cronies are about to own Citco?
Disqualified reality tv star be their final candidate. I am disgusted at the Republicans who will stick by Trump.  They have put party
Up till the end of the primaries I was a Republican. I can no be so. I can not believe the party of my ancestor Lincolon has let a totally
Can it pass in reconciliation?!
So grateful we can count on you
Please defeat this bill!
couldn't agree more
Thank you @SenGillibrand, and keep up the fight. This bill must die in the Senate so that it doesn't kill Americans.
Voting against Gillibrand!
Really?  It's gonna make it through just like all those disgusting cabinet appointments
Please do whatever you can to kill that abomination of a bill.
Atrocious is putting it nicely. We need to fight this with every last vote and breath that remains in the Democratic Party. #ResistTrumpCare
We're with you.
please go to work, get this done
Please, please, please!!!!!!!
Darrell Issa cast the 216th vote for #Trumpcare, putting it over the top.  Join our grassroots campaign to beat him:
You GO, Mike!  Thank you both!
Sen Gillibrand, I am truly devastated by this vote. What is happening to this country?  I'm weeping.
Kleptocrats have taken over. We will become like Russia, Turkey, etc. Trump & his corporate cronies will suck us dry.
Why doesn't NY state have universal health care for its residents? It's controlled by Democrats. NY doesn't need the federal government.
Now is the time for a nice Senator to get nasty! This is the healthcare form of Trump U. You must speak truth to power LIVE NOW!!
As a woman you must go on tv & say what a horrible bill this is for women. Its the Republican Waterloo. Please Senator go live NOW!!
Utter disgrace & the reaction to it should be nuclear. Want to see my Senators out there on tv now! Should oppose and suggest single payer!
The GOP can't use the nuclear option on this can they?? My son will die if we can't afford insulin for Type 1, surgery for hydrocephalus
but it wont because they are a bunch of traitors just like you are. fight the coup.
Go get 'em, Senator!
Lead the way, Senator!  We've got your back.
The death of veterans on waiting list while @TheDemocrats were busy kissing Obama's ass to prove they weren't racist, was more atrocious.
We're counting on NO votes from you and @SenSchumer
Keep fighting the good fight Kirsten! We don't want Trump's plan. 
Please fight hard and let us know what we can do.
The guy to tell is your colleague, @SenSchumer. And no safe harbor or committees for any Democratic Senator who breaks ranks.
Question about safe harbor: Aren't we celebrating GOP who broke rank today, calling them brave?
Leave that to the voters in their districts, who are welcome to make the case if they think it's warranted. I don't support Rape-publicans.
I agree. What a day of reckoning. Our leaders showed their dirty underbelly.
Vote no
As a constituent, I'd just like to say thank you for having the conscience & integrity my Congressman (NY-1) lacks.
I'm proud to support you
The intention of the GOP is make sure you have the right to BUY healthcare the Dems believe you have the TO healthcare.
Make it so. We depend on you.
Get it done @SenGillibrand!
Invite your Republican colleagues for dinner and let them know the facts!
@RealTrump2016 this is the stupidest thing you have done your my t my president murderer
I'll be sending my bills to 1600 Pennsylvania ave
Save us, Kirsten Wan Ke-Gillibrand.
You're our only hope.
Proud to call you my Senator for many reasons - one is that you are a pitcher...as is my daughter, a softball player at Villanova.
Atrocious,  shameful and immoral. I'm ballistic
Thank you from all of us here in #newyork
Thank you for fighting this Godspeed to you in your work!!
Called your office in protest of the bill
Please!!!! I am significantly frightened right now.
With you 100%!
My 23 yo Son born with a heart defect. SIL Developmentally Disabled in a Facility? Sister w/ CA HER2, my ThyCA, 4 spinal surg what now? #AHA
Call Trump! He'll send flowers "maybe" too cheap to do that!
Thanks for all you've been doing during this hellacious session.
I know we can count on you to fight! Our reps threw us under the bus.
Thank you. I'm so grateful to have you as my senator.
Unfortunately for Americans, the Senate will go nuclear once again to get this passed.
It better be
As your constituent I thank you and know you will fight very hard. We in NY-19 will fight to give you a new Dem colleague in the House 2018.
Senator, we need all of our Dems to talk some sense into your counterparts!This must be defeated!! Lives are at stake!My son's life matters!
You need to flip 3 colleagues to your side and make sure Manchin doesnt jump
Do you have ObamaCare? If not, why push the failed Healthcare on the under privileged! I assume if you don't answer, you really don't care!
This disgraceful law MUST be defeated and as a Veteran, I'll be damned if I let it succeed!! ALL must support Bill HR 676! @SenSanders
Can't really convey how grateful I am to have you representing me. You have my vote forever and ever.
You & @SenSchumer are my Sens. Go & fight this. Get moderate Repubs & anyone who will be on the Dem side. Don't let this pass in the Senate
We need universal healthcare like every other developed country on earth
If all your friends jumped off a bridge, would you follow them?
Thanks Senator, need your words today, this is a bad day for so many that need their government in their corner, on to the Senate!
Tell that to colleagues who are celebrating that they won some political currency. Yall seem to forget that you lost to a walking 4chan meme
so glad you are my senator
@zwash300 We're counting on you.
The as I said when I called your office today only thing I'll accept is killing this bill and fixing ACA. Use ur GOP & do the right thing!
Join the grassroots movement @SwingLeft to take back the House in 2018.
#SwingLeft is 300,000+ volunteers working in 65 swing districts now to take back the House. We can't wait. Join us: http://swingleft.org  
Thank you, @SenGillibrand. I hope my senator @SenToomey listens to his constituents like his @HouseGOP colleague & my rep @RepRyanCostello.
