Just when you thought 2017 couldn't get any scarier ... http://on.mktw.net/2qLrU93 
???  Never heard that would be wrong. To allow the bosses decide what they will pay for is the correct thing to do.
@NPWF In my family we don’t let our bosses decide our birth control decisions.  Have some personal responsibility.
Contraceptives are essentially free, why should employers be compelled to pay for them? Even socialist halfwits can avoid pregnancy.
Not for women when the men decide to play the "take off the rubber-part way through, game", which, of course, isn't a game 4 the women!!!!!
I'm sorry. Exactly. Let ppl pay for their own birth control I did. I'm almost 59 and I paid for my own birth control
Birth control is medication like any other and should be covered by medical insurance.
These arguments have to stand muster -
They do.
Well we have a system to determine these so called rights and balance the rights. It would depend on the court at the time. Give you that
Women should pay for their own birth control. Nobody is forcing them to have recreational sec.
Theresa, in many cases this isnt about sex. It's about life or death. Please be sensitive to that. Here's some info: http://youngwomenshealth.org/2011/10/18/medical-uses-of-the-birth-control-pill/ …
I think we've gone too far to the Left regarding sexuality and that teaching responsibility is as important as giving away contraceptives.
Nice demagoguery, you mean someone would have to pay $10 out of their pocket. Oh the humanity.
Where can I find a $10 nuvaring?!?!
How is that my problem?
It's not. But you are making the claim that we can just buy $10 birth control. The only kind that doesn't make me sick is my $300 nuvaring.
It's a shame women aren't allowed to vote or this would never happen.
Let me buy my birth control over the counter so gov't, insurance and employers out of my business.
Our Heavenly Father had much to say on this matter... I pray that you look to Him and not man. Life short Eternity could face us any second.
Drama queen.  If everyone paid for their own birth control and there wouldn't be an issue.
My guess us you'd be up front complaining about ppl having babies they can't take care of or feed either. Cut food stamps, Healthcare etc
I'm up front about accountability. People should stop relying on their government (i.e. other taxpayers) and take care of themselves.
Oh yeah. Let's all live separately and ignore people who need help. Some people can't take care of themselves   But F them right?
Why are other people my problem?  My responsiblity is to me and my family, not you or yours.  Sorry, not sorry.
You farm your own food/breath only your air? You are your own Dr? Only swim in your ocean? Healthy happy citizens = a happy healthy world
Liberal women: "govt needs to stay out of my uterus" & "govt needs to subsidize PP" & govt needs to force employers to pay for birth control
If an employer is offering health insurance, should that insurance not cover medication?
Some employers don't cover meds most do. But not all medication is covered. There are formularies = list of covered drugs
Yes, and there's no good reason for birth control not to be on the formulary.
You can buy birth control cheaply or just not have sex. you want govt and employers to stay out of your BR but expect them to pay for this?
Devastating? How about don't have sex!
You mean women will have to buy their own? Quick google search shows $9-30 /month.
No, the worst thing for women is Liberalism. #ExDems4Trump2020
Not to mention unconstitutional
not one company has any thing to do with birth control.That is thru your insurance company not the boss of the company.Stop the lies
@MMFlint was right when he said it would be a bloodbath.
What about independent women buying their own birth control? Women aren't victims. Only Democrats are in the victim business to make money.
@NPWF #Killing a fellow #Human #Being is #Murder
But not as devastating as Dems forcing people to offer it against their religious beliefs.  Sorry, but BC is not a constitutional right..
Enough with your bullshit and libtard lies.
Well I don't believe in you taking any medications, either. Guess you'll have to pay for yours without insurance, too.
That isn't going to be an issue. With exception of possible Catholic related organizations, ers & ins cos want BC covered. Reduces cost.
@NPWF @kari_paul They hate women, period.
It's actually more devastating to the babies inside the women.... #ProLife vs. #prodeath
Disingenuous. (Being polite) Bosses rn't going 2 "make BC decisions" 4 any1; no1's telling  what they can/can't do just won't b paying 4 it
Your tweet is misleading as "fuck".  See I can curse too.  Does it make you feel edgy too?
But don't worry, guys!  Boner pills will be covered.  I wonder if rape is a preexisting condition.
Yes we will go back to job interview questions like " are you planning to have a family"? Yes ladies I swear potential male employers asked
@NPWF @MarketWatch why are condoms not affordable?
Dear Kristen, I think ALL of your points are well made. Thank you. @Michael36776349
Get them free in the public. No big deal.
Kirsten talking about birth control in the midst of the Comey testimony confirms one thing the Dems collusion story is just one more farce
I have a job, let him get off their ass and go by their own birth-control.
Can you please let us know if the senate is pushing through a repeal and replace on the ACA behind the comey hearing? Thank you
As a woman, I find this thinking rather insulting. I'm capable of making my own decisions & choices & don't need Washington to hold my hand
We had a predator in the WH, which is already devastating!
You should stop talking badly about Bill Clinton! He can't help himself!
I thought women are strong and can make their own decisions
Are we living in a free country anymore. Why doesn't somebody do something about this horrid situation already

What a ridiculous statement. Please Senator you represent NY. Elevate the dialogue. Bipartisanship
How disingenuous puppet lady employers not making birth control decisions, they are making decisions on funding benefits, big difference
It could be devastating for  men, as  women everywhere choose abstinence as the only effective method available to them.
What Gilly have you or @SenSchumer done to reduce the cost of healthcare for the ppl of NYS? Chuckles has been senator for 30 yrs.
There's no such thing as a religious liberty to withhold compensation from your employee on the basis of sex.
Sounds like another reason the government shouldn't be in the Healthcare business
Once we deny Viagra hell will be raised!  Pay for your own Viagra!
especially for women and girls who take it for medical reasons.
White men make the best decisions for all women. Make sense?
Evil Empire, Mob mentality, they want wives that wear aprons, cook dinner, have babies, rub their feet and say "yes master." Unbelievable
Straight from "The Handmaid's Tale" workbook.
We the people, who ultimately pay the bills, are entitled to the exact same health coverage congress gets.
With all due respect, the problem is much bigger: making health decisions for others; what's next? Denying vaccines?
Why are men in power so obsessed with the bedrooms habits of complete strangers? Its disturbing and weird. I don't think about their junk.
Catholic nuns should NOT be required to take the life of one more baby. I think enough babies have been depopulated thank you
Increase price of birth control - then stop planned parenthood from giving out freely like they used to do -and YOU now have a voting block
Yet birth control is your issue. Your shining issue. Please. It's a control issue. Period
Why isn't dental health more important than birth control ? Ppl can't even get their abscesses taken care of - VETS
Even female bosses hate when female employees take maternity leave. I worked in corporations for 15 years, this is absolutely true.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan There is NO degree of political agenda hopes that abolish YOU risking USA by supporting DT.
I'm not even proud of that. Because I'm Catholic now. I wouldn't even take birth control now. But I did when I was young
Could be? Will be. The very fact that bosses, not women, would be making those decisions...is already catastrophic. Thanks for fighting!!
They're so ignorant. Off the record, not a single employer wants a female employee to get pregnant...and, thus, take maternity leave.
I think it’s safe to say it WILL be.
Also devastating for women - @lsarsour. 

Just ask @Courtney. 

Yet, you're her #1 fan.
But, but, workers, and especially women, are infantile, and cannot make good choices. Best to remove everyone's agency, just to be sure.
How close are we living out #thehandsmaidstale
Trump IS birth control.
