Because if you can't afford this ridiculous insurance, we will punish you financially
Lost track how many crisises ago this is....in light of today's assualt on values
A real kick in the pants, as Archie Bunker would say, ain't it?
holy schnikeys, yes, I fear.and worry and we thought his inciting an arms race last week was troublesome
@meritbennett
yes please sign up for a plan with premium increases of 75% on average
@maudnewton   A giant waste of time.  Soon we will have health care we can afford.
You r naive to think that DT administration can deliver on that. No plan, no time, no concern 4 us.
The facts of life are just by going across state lines will lower costs because of competition.
@pmiscove Not an easy task.
Senator what type of insurance do you have? Obama care no you don't
It's too expensive.
@angyb424 You have until 1.31 to sign up for aca.
I've tried to reach your offices. Please empty that voice mail box first thing Monday AM. #NOBAN
Yeh, and Trump tried to pull the ads & GOP is trying to get insurance companies to say #ACA doesn't work.
thank you. I'm upset that they pulled the ad that we paid 5mil for.  We could have used that money to get people HC.
but I guess you want to spend 12 billion to build a wall!
If your question is to me....NO Fuckin' WAY!!! #NoBanNOWALL
@0rl4nd0j0n3s But won't it be taken away by the GOP?
GOP talking points have been to slowly replace ACA so as not to disenfranchised those who need it. Next year is questionable. @dolphfan36
They've had 7 years to come up with an alternatives.
That would have required them to agree on more them Obama bad.  I'll be really interested to see what they can pull out of the hat, that >
>isn't just changing the wrapping and bows, oh and removing all the birthcontrol and stuff for women
No we dont care, cant  use and premiums are killing us!
if I am already on Obama care is that enough? Im confused.
Senator: You can be remembered in history if u are the first to call for Trump's impeachment.  You can do it!!!
Senator 3
We are now run be a fascist government...everything else is irrelevant....We don't deserve a fucking country...
Thank you for your hard work!  #protectourpatients #Obamacare #ACA
@FiddleSabre - See the Senator's tweet & link. You got health insurance coverage, dude? Love, Aunt Gwen
Trump administration doesn't want anyone to know anything.
Time for you to run for President
@SlaughterAM enroll in a lie #Sad
unless you DON'T WORK, Undocumented, or are privileged elite it's UN-Affordable.Stick your fine where the sun don't shine.
Not 1 individual health plan sold in the NY area allows u to go to Sloan Kettering Sit down with a Health Ins Agent and learn
They stopped ads in several markets. Keep spreading news on social media. Go rouge Gov. Employees. Fight!
Thank you for opposing Trump's cabinet nominees.  We need your leadership to stop Trump no matter what. He is psychotic.
@nickblaemire Have posted the info on my Facebook page.
Time f
May not??

He's screwing Americans again!!
@LisaHauser8

Yeah - that's usually ALL OVER TV - reminders .... I have seen none!

#TrumpIsScum
#ImpeachTrump

@ms73 You're wonderful!  You have my vote!!!!
Why would he not want that date to be published?  He's not the bumbling (non-transparent) idiot that just left office.
No thanks, I liked my plan so I kept it.  Then our premiums doubled after ACA.  Thanks Government!
@BethR_27516 Keep ACA - Scrap Trump!
you're a joke. I'm not listening to the ONLY person that did not vote for General Mattis. That says a lot about you!!!

Who wants to fax Mitch McConnell this? (202) 224-2499 
You make me want to be a #Yankee! Thank you from North Carolina!
We are so proud of your votes! We are behind you all the way!
Thank you for voting no Senator!!! Keep it up-obstruct injustice!!!!
Thank you YOU are the BEST!!!!! you. @SenGillibrand #democracy #Democrat
@mcuban they cut advertising past few days. Right. Don't want anyone to know
We are living in FEAR, the ACA will be killed by the GOP.
Be vigilant!. Don't turn your back for a minute! It may cost too much if you do
thank you
POTUS Admin doesn't care if people register or not. Leave it alone and ACA will collapse on its own!
It will also be remembered that u voted no on every nominee. Karma sucks.
Would love to watch you sob when the failing UnACA fades into nothingness. It will be a Great day for hard working Americans!!!!!
Thanks for spreading the word.
Can we get an investigation into the decision to throw away $5 million of taxpayer funds?
@SenSchumer @GovCuomo Why don't u Schumer& other Dems feel for the middle class who were losing healthcare b/c too expensive
They do. Watch more C-SPAN and listen carefully.
- Thanks, dear lady, maybe this senator should be running in 2020.
We think she should!
Because she's good enough, she's smart enough and people like her!  Also, she is pretty & will irk DT no end
If you want to pay $300/month-»$3.6k/yr, $5k-6k deductible BEFORE you can use the healthcare; Sign up & lose your money.
that's just not true.  Don't know what you signed up for but it wasn't the Obamacare.
You have to read it, to know what's in it. Trust me, I've lived it.
sorry to hear it, but my coverage got better w/ACA and many would have nothing without it.  Can't go back to nada.
I had healthcare covered by my employer and it was great for me. After that, I was losing money.
why did they stop the employer care?
It was under the previous Insurance regulations.
Thank you for being the only Senator in America with the fortitude to resist. 

Wish @SenDuckworth and @SenatorDurbin did too
Cancelling those ads was one of the dirtiest things! If I had the funds, would have started paid social ads myself today 
I just saw an ad on CBS DC station for http://healthcare.gov . Guess they didn't get the memo sent by courier .
#25thAmendmentSection4
Thank you, Kirsten!
until it goes away, which will be a good thing for all Americans.
Thanks for voting no on DT's cabinet picks!
this my ten years. needing Disc Replacement Surgery. Mediciad up to their necks in it over three counties.. Been awhile hunh?
Yeah, everybody sign up for the overpriced crappy coverage plans available on the ACA.
6 years to prove the doctors were lying,, then kicked in Obama Care,, and the Insurance fraud begain.
insurance companys and doctors deny needed medical care. Personally for those being, denied,  me mine 16 years.
you helped me on HUD in 06. your office, I can't believe you are sending ppl to Obama Care. He provided loop holes (1/3)
Thank you Sen. Gillibrand. Please keep doing what you're doing.
- Hyde Amendment. Read it. 
- American eagle needs two wings or won't fly
- No, murder is murder. Feminism is choice.

#defy misconceptions.
KIRSTEN 2020
The ACA is over. Get over it.
I don't think "may not want you to know this" is the correct phrase. "doesn't want you to have insurance" is more like it.
Better Hurry! but Sengillibrand you have a different health care program than all the other Americans! Right?
You're the real MVP. I love you.
Kirsten 2020
