It’s not the best bill, but we need a fix for #ObamaCare which has harmed many more millions of Americans and is collapsing. #babysteps
Then fix ACA
Not with these politicians.Their way or the highway, no middle ground.We can only fix it by taking baby steps, or by voting all of them out.
Democrats have been more than willing to work in a bipartisan way to fix ACA.  Don't blame this on them
Not blaming them but maybe reaching our to senator Collins & McCain & others on the fence to fix ACA and rename it
Collins and Democrats are working together to try to fix it.  

https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2017/07/28/repeal-dead-bi-partisan-senators-seek-path-health-reform/519895001/ …
There are always a few bipartisan politicians that will try to do what’s best.It’s the majority that only see things one way & stop progress
Well, there's Collins on the Republican side, and Chuck & Nancy speaking as the leaders of the Democrats for all of them.
Thank you for standing for us and our families! I would be proud to be a member of your staff.
Not just hurt families, it will kill many including me.
Do you have the link to the bill?

Thank you, I'll read it when I'm home.
Not relenting even after 9/30/17 GOP needs 2 get off their gluteus & actually do some work duh 
It's the worst bill for women in decades, this needs to be an infatic "NO"
...and how many taxpayers would be harmed by Sanders single payer plan? Have you requested the CBO ,estimates yet?
ALSO CLEAR PAYING AVERAGE $12K FOR FAMILY OBAMACARE IS KILLING US!!
But you didn't care when Obamacare harmed millions of Americans.
Americans harmed? Hurt many families? Of course your talking about how ur teams actions w/Delphi pensions affected 21k retirees, right? No?
Refreshing to hear @SenatorCarper admitting the ACA was GOP brainchild, written by Heritage Foundation. The answer is clear. #MedicareForAll
Please read
I've seen that and it changes nothing. The ACA was written by the Heritage Foundation for GOP & big ins. Mandate only helps big ins more.
It can't hurt any more people than obamacare did. REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL. Let the open market work to fix this. get gov. out of healthcare.
Absolutely. When can we discuss what insurance corps & Dr's are doing to American families? Insurance corps have 2 go next.  #SinglePayerNow
Yeah......that'll work out when we can't even get them to stop trying to strip away what healthcare we have now.
I don't understand it. Y only fight the republicans attempts get rid of Obamacare? Why not take the offensive with single payer.
Take notice: Trump is priming the country w/"Venezuela is a mess bc of socialism" and Sanders is being set up w/this debate on CNN.
Sure . The establishment and corporatists HATE single payer and will fight it 200% but I'm not settling for GD Obamacare anymore either.
There are ways to get things done and there are ways to ruin your chances of getting them done. We don't have the votes with Repub control.
You sounds like an apologist for corporate democrats. We want a plan beyond Obamacare. It's not that hard to show people U are 4 them.
Oh, cut the shit. Where are you getting votes?
I think you forgot that ACA harmed many Americans and costs them considerably more than they can afford.
Despite claiming not 2 have seen bill, Dems have a lot of opinions & threats?  G-C Bill, guarantees preexisting & gives states the rest!
Millions of people ARE being harmed by obamacare, do your job and fix your mess
Need one more NO vote.  Rand Paul is going to be a YES vote.
Many are already hurt because of https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/metlife-discrimination-against-chronic-lyme-patient-luche-thayerthe … lack of coverage for #LymeDisease @MetLife using bad faith practices to DENY
And yet the GOP persist
The only thing that is clear are your continuous lies
TALKING POINT, TALKING POINTS, THROW IN YOUR FAVORITE 4 LETTER WORD F-BOMB
ONLY if the state they are in allows it. Healthcare is NOT a federal responsibility.
So proud that you're my senator... so glad that you oppose this horrible bill.
SENATOR WHY DID THEY KILL THE JEWS BOTH HITLER AND STALIN BECAUSE THEY THOUGHT THE CRIST WAS AMONG THEM! MORE PROOF!
Think VP in 2020
Sen KG: Disabled people in wheelchairs arrested 4 trying to save own lives. SHAME Saw U MedgarEversCollege #grahamcassidy Th U 4 BeingStrong
Why is it that the U.S. Senate and their staffers get the best health insurance? And i dont ?
Graham says if his desperate bill DOESN'T pass then US will have #Medicare4All. I'd like that in writing, signed by leaders of both parties.
my 36 y.o. niece has had 2 heart valve replacements & 1 major stroke. This bill would guarantee her death.
The only info you get is spoon fed to you by Schumer so stop lecturing us about healthcare and other subjects you know nothing about
Of course it will. Republicans don't care. They just need to fulfill lame campaign promise to R & R,  Hurt many families?  So what? Tough!
ALL families. Even if we're healthy now, our premiums go up, and we will live with constant fear of illness/accident/debt/death
No more than Obamacare did
More millions got hurt by Obamacare! The middle class! Middle America where it tripled $$, fewer doctors, loss of current doctor #Change
Thank You, Senator! I’m from Michigan & as a cancer patient, I thank you more than words could ever say. 
Is it? I think you should let us read the actual bill before giving an opinion on it. Obamacare is hurting everyone.
Taking healthcare away is the highest form of disrespect towards all Americans therefore against the flag.
Millions are hurt by the ACA #MedicareForAll is the only way
Send help to Puerto Rico. Where is congress & senate & WH press conference @PressSec ? #SendTheComfort #PuertoRicansAreAmericans
Note that FL and TX carry more voting importance for GOP... PR not so much. GOP is all about the $$$. Total mercenaries.
Tough to believe either side of congress ....sorry Public has no clue which side is lying
So now they keep revising the bill, this is not how to write health cars bills. It takes time to see how each change affects other changes
Tough crowd today, Senator. ACA NEEDS FIXING. Both Parties need to work together for the good of all. Please make ot happen!
As appreciative as I am over your attempted dumpster fire, have no fear. R's are impotent. It will not pass.
Repeal Obamacare now and fully, the Democrats distorted healthcare for all, imploding !
Just. Stop. Your idea of #Socializedmedicine to replace medical insurance is revolting govt control & bankruptcy.
u keep saying millions where are ur facts on how many millions ur ppl talk in circles. u go from millions to many #GrahamCassidy
You drop the f bomb. And we just start over at the expense of the people
It is not clear it's the illusion you want perceived    Aca is going to implode then what
On subject of ACA, Roy Moore said he wanted to shrink the size of government
Hitler care sucks  (Obama care )lock it up with Hillary Clinton and throw away the keys.
Yes, 0bamacare is so wonderful and great.
Hurt is an under statement more like kill alot of people. Speak the truth and stop soft soaping this man's intent.We all see it,you say it !
And your pockets. You all are about follow the dollar Money talks and Bullshit Walks
No! O care hurts everyone!
THEY DON'T CARE!!
that is what the @GOP lives for
High quality
Do you participate in ObamaCare?  Maybe you should participate in what gets decided?  Willing to do s
& KILL people for which ACA provides healthcare treatment & keep RX affordable, w/o it they can die. @GOP do YOUR job bipartisan ACA TWEAK!
Here that folks? Only the federal government politicians can help you. Not yourself, not your state. Only Feds
Then you shouldnt have let traitor slanders divide the party by using our money to reach out to nazi traitors. blame yourself.
Well I can tell that's a clear lie nothing's ever clear in Washington
Unlike the ACA
