It's another heartless budget that would lead to cuts to education, health care, affordable housing, child care—programs working people need
It's another heartless budget that would lead to taking from working families, seniors, children, the sick and poor to give to the top 1%.
Agree
You all just want the goverment to redistribute wealth  in this country.
His tax plan literally gives a 0.2 - 0.5% tax cut to the poorest, while giving an 8.5% tax cut to the richest 1%. How is this okay?
I do not like the 'takers'. Cradle to grave.  I feel those on programs should not be able to vote.
That statement is ignorant, unconstitutional, and cruel. I am truly sorry there are Americans who think like you.
Only ignorant  is you,they broke the law they are illegal aliens  not immigrants they should be deported  now all of them. What branch of service was CLINTON  &Obama in moron!
Gotta disagree with you there. I am looking forward to my #taxcut
One word for you: Solyndra.
And in the same breath you want to keep corporate welfare payments going to highly profitable heath insurance companies
Once again give to the rich take away from the working middle class!
Current proposal will cost my middle class family 2-5%. Sigh
Ummmm...do you know what youre talking about?
Most rich people are democrats. Maybe when the Democrats stop taking donations from them, we might listen
Everything @SenGillibrand just said, including her follow-up tweets, is complete bullshit.

If O-Care is sooooo great, why aren’t YOU on it?
Lets be clear. These people are thieves that want to keep every American down by stealing their money while they live large!
Freeing up money for growth and hiring will benefit millions.  It is a win, win situation.
Trickle down doesn’t work! This will only deepen the economic divide.
Only forcibly confiscating over 50% of income and giving it someone else.
That’s works great
Yeah,it works great as long as you aren’t the one getting robbed.  Make your own money and manage it properly!!!
We want Big Corporations to thrive in America, not abandoned us because of Socialist policies by You and your party
I am not paying for no damn wall
"The Rich" - Meanwhile Gillibrand's net worth is north of $5 Million.
Blah blah blah.
Why is this family in the WH?
Because us real Americans voted for it
Let's be clear. Democrats have no solutions, no plans, no hope.
"Lets be clear" is code for I'm lying & spewing political/ideological crap!
This is kinda' falling flat coming from a multimillionaire.

"Why Trump Won."
You mean people like Andrew Cuomo, rich enough to buy you another Tiffany pen?
And your networth is...?
Just to be clear, huge tax cuts for big corporations is bad; but subsidizing big health insurance companies is good? It's a bit confusing
Corporations don't pay taxes. Their workers and customers do. Lower wages; higher prices.
You're as clear as mud. The wealthy, big corp's & Wall Street give $Billions/yr. to the @DNC, @HouseDemocrats & @SenateDems. Why?
Not like those "little" corporations like Google, Facebook, GE, Goldman Sachs et al, or all of those "poor" Hollywood stars, Wall Street investors, Silicon Valley types, etc., etc. who all vote for Democrats. Dems dirty little secret.
C'mon! It'll free up more money for the big corporations and the rich to donate even MORE to Democrats!
@SenGillibrand finally was able to complete a thought without using profanity.
Whereas Democrats want everyone dependent on the state. That's much better because beggars are so much easier to control.
Not if THERE is no food look at Venezuela happening NOW
Oh, noes! The big corporations and the rich! Who do you think hires everyone else?
This line is so stale.
Tell me this then. Who wrote Obamacare?
That’s because big corporations and the rich pay most of the tax.
Let’s be clear, Dems  want to stick it to working class America- making us pay for illegals.  #UraniumOne
Individuals are the ultimate source of all taxes. Politicians hide this from the voters and talk about business taxes...ha!
All businesses are just middlemen in the tax collection process. Politicians like to obscure this fact.
Individual customers pay all corporate taxes; collected by businesses when they pay for goods & services.
Raise corp taxes, prices go up; lower corp taxes, prices go down. Taxes are included in the price charged for goods/services.
Kirsten, corps don't pay taxes; they collect them from customers and pass them on to the gov't. They're in price charged.
Honestly, I have never heard a better reason in my life for term limits.  Maybe if you don't get too cozy, this doesn't happen.
Let me ask you, Kirsten, what exactly constitutes rich in this description.  I hear "Helps the rich" a lot, but no one explains what rich is
You're literally 2 stupid 2 insult......

Does someone PAY you to vomit this drivel??
https://twitter.com/politicalelle/status/920666146738552832 …
You don't know poor.   Another bandwagon for you
Then how come so many "big corporations" donate heavily to Democrats?
YAAAWWWNNNNNNN more of your tired old bullshitting lies! @theDemocrats are the party of the #LyinLiar
When are the American people going to see the results of nearly $3 trillion spent via the stimulus?
Lets be clear: The Dem Senate for the last 8 years was a vehicle, stifling job creation and lowering wages. Allowing illegals free HC....
You've really just morphed into a mindless megaphone of democrat talking points. When did you have your last original thought? Long time huh
Please refrain from "let's be clear". I believe a patent was registered for that phrase sometime in the last 8-9 years. #KeepItReal
You get a star for spouting off DNC talking point # 16
#ELDMANATE will pave the way for the top 10% of trucking companies not the little guys. #Eld_or_me  #stop_the stand with the ones that work
Another case of trickle down economics
I read ur text but with all that rhetoric DO YOU THINK YOU CAN BEAT PRESIDENT TRUMP in the year 2020 serious questuon?
like Soros, zuckerberg, the waltons, the Clintons, bezos, tim cook, bill gates, Warren buffett, Bloomberg,?
Big corporations like Planned Parenthood?
Wolf wolf wolf!!!!!
Please let your office know what your views are, they always seem clueless when I call!  Thanks for all you do.
What part in particular? You need to read it before you comment
How dare the people that pay the bulk of the taxes get tax breaks.
And Obamacare was written by big health insurance companies to benefit insurance fat cats. What’s your point? You all do it. All of you.
Let's be clear  it is the rich that pay over 50% of the income taxes in this country.
Want us to be more like countries like Iceland and Sweden which have universal health care? Well their corporate tax rate is 20-22%
Complain about the rich but have no problem with insurance companies getting govt subsidies or your party bailing out the banking industry.
And your party wants to pay off health insurance companies. Pot meet kettle
They pay the most taxes. There's no way to cut taxes from the middle class and not also from them.
You're promoting class envy again... Envy, as we all know, is one of the Seven Deadly Sins.
To bad the only things you say are lies,
Missed economics class huh dum dum? Rich create jobs poor do not.
You mean like most of your donors?
Let's be clear: SenGillibrand still supports the illegal seizure of 21k Delphi pensions from hard working families & seniors. This=$151M/yr
And the 99% don't have a seat at the table. They eat the scraps falling from the table, get to clean the table, but no seat.
Vote no @SenJohnMcCain!  You are our hero!
No clue what IT is doing
#trumpswamp
You should know about big corporations. All of your dirty work protecting Phillip Morris. Everything you do is for your gain not ours.
@SenGillibrand #WeBeenKnew
@teka21bat Rich people will never see the kingdom of God if their goal is to become richer.They must care about the needy.
We have seen the alarm bells !!! Whose going to do something about it?
That’s why they are  when it comes to criticizing Trump.
How many of your constituents work for corporations?
Thank you sane person.
Let's c the taxcut funny how you Will run your trap with no proof typical Liar
Your dead wrong
If Trump were the populist he campaigned as, not owing anything to anyone, then wouldn't he be staunchly opposed to the rich budget/tax cut?
No kidding. What do you expect from the Greed Old Party?
Let's be clear are you in on the Russia bribe collude report that just came out from The FBI seems the investigation backfired its democrats
As every rebublicant budget proposal in my lifetime has been.
WANT LOWER TAXES NEW YORKERS VOTE GILLIBRAND OUT MAKE NEW YORK GREAT AGAIN VOTE
Let's be honest: You & #Democrats have been bought & paid for by big corporations for the last 8 years
Start raising hell and stumping like @SenJohnMcCain. Tweeting doesn't mean squat! Independents are siding with dems now.
BUT that can change
You have never been clear on anything except your own agenda and your partner Chuck. Working only for yourself’s not working Americans.
Trickle down never worked before, I don’t think things have changed, it’s not likely to work now.
Hope you are working with GOP to arrive at a plan that benefits American tax payers
Well, you want big Government. Giving our money to immigrants and Iran with Obama. At least Trump is keeping the $$ in USA
Senator: You have hung out with the Elitist so long you have lost sight of Americans. Sad day for your constituents.
Thanks again Sen. Gillibrand...you always hit the nail on the head!!
Corporate welfare.
Let's be clear. You accepted a lot of money from rapist #HarveyWeinstein Can't keep money & claim to champion womens rights simultaneously
Good. I like them more than I like politicians and government. Let them keep their money.
Harvey Weinstein is Hollywood and POLITICIANS GOD..............                       SILENCE FOR DECADES
Send more big corporations & rich people to other countries!! Let them take their #jobs creating economy boosting sliminess somewhere else
No death tax is good and bringing money back from overseas is good.
The federal "death tax" (estate tax) only applies to estates over $5.5 million. Eliminating it will benefit so, so few Americans.
Usually those are the doers so that is ok with me.

Well Senator let's hope you can do something about it.. I'm thinking Biden  - Gillibrand in 2020..
Thanks. Why Trump wants it to pass.
You're a lying, libtard maniac & disgusting N.Y. communist rep. Corporations EMPLOY people & Reagan UNLEASHED economy w/across board cuts!
Let's be clear, like all poorly educated trumptards are never right. You always take the sleazy way. Dump is a disaster . impeach trump!
Congress of by and for Lobbyists

Money is speech, corporations are People. 

Corporations put their people to head Dept agencies.

Courts?
Let's really be clear and honest. Their are people paying 0 tax and get food stamps. How's that fair people should pay same % of tax period
kirrrrrrsten y  did not   do  not   peptone  (s***) abut  economy leave to MSTER TRUMP  HE WILL GET  IT  demo,s y need   nee new policies
Is English your first language? If so, you really suck at it. Your tweet made no sense.
Nothing against u, but let’s be clear Obama was mascot for Wall St. & until rest of Corp Dems are voted out ur party are merely hypocrites.
Buried working class & unions to serve  professional class. Politicians like the Clintons, Pelosi and Schumer are creations of Wall Street.
Keep fighting! This is odious.
corporations don't pay tax they collect it
How do you figure?
it's in the price of services and goods it's part of the cost .
Don't you ever get tired of the same old crap that falls from your mouth. Did you read the bill? Do you understand economics? I have had it
3 followers.
SERIOUSLY, we Americans seem to be doing all your work for you while YOU reap the big checks, lobby money etc ...  while we get screwed.
You need to read clowart & piven strategy these are Hillary Clinton friends.  Democrats have had these wheels in motion for a long time
That's because they PAY ALL the taxes.  Take an economics class honey
SOOOO what's Congress doing about this shit show? You know we hired y'all, not the other way around Kirsten.
Really??  You are truly a Democrat... Just stop!!!
@GOP convincing Americans of their "populism" is a scam of historic proportions.
Maybe you love a government of socialist tyrants, but I like guns and freedom! Move to china, N. Korea, or cuba. You'll love it
Really? Won’t help economy at all? Instead of bitching what do u propose?
And the poor stimulate the economy how again?
By actually spending what money they have, instead of just sitting on it
