It’s up to Democrats to show up in all 50 states, and I’ll be doing my part to support women candidates through my #offthesidelines program
In the meantime, don’t lose focus and keep your eyes on the battle ahead: stopping the Republicans’ disastrous health care plan.
Keep fighting, #Resist , #persist it's working!
The question is fighting for what?  Be obstructionist is not a good platform. And you need to let go of this russia BS
We are fighting and fight and fighting. For what? This is discouraging. Someone step up and lead!!!! Fight dirty for us!
I don't think there is anyone left that can. The country we were fighting for seems to have dissolved almost overnight. Democracy is fragile
100% agree. Things are seemingly about to get really horrific and all we can do is watch.
Agreed. Has never seemed as hopeless,
We need to call out the R's for what they are -unamerican traitors who are willing to undermine our democratic principles in order to win.
I assume your talking about the Clintons
What's bot you say? Buh bye and da svidahnia!
@SenGillibrand Are we actually winning anything because it sure doesn't feel like it out here?
GO away discount Hillary
If Democrats don't start giving middle America a REASON to vote for them, we'll keep losing elections.
Harbinger of the upcoming 2018 Mid Term Massacre of what is left of the DNC. Vote y'all out!
Keep counting on the big money donors from California . Maybe it's time to bring back the boss and Jay Z. Ha ha
I don't think u r listening to what affects ppl.
A real message and standing FOR something rather than just being against would be good.  Try that.
Start working with the President and get us a large personal and corporate tax cut and deport the gang members and drug dealers !
Can you lead on the message?
Trump is fighting for our jobs, security, healthcare, education, housing, economic growth.. You fight against Trump. You fight against US!!
You need to come up with a program to help people. Attacking POTUS isn't  a plan.
Kirsten, That may be True, but More for Our Party is at Stake! U don't have the Crooks in WH yet ? Machines Deleted HRC Votes 4REAL! TRUTH !
Democrats must learn to punch the bullies directly in the mouth. Republicans lie cheat and steal to win.
Cry all you want.  Your party is a sham.
It's important to stand for something. The Democrats stand for nothing.
We're getting closer.  Let this be a sign that victory is just around the corner
.@JoyAnnReid had a great thread about how we don't need to convert R's to D's, we need to get our supporters to the polls. They are there:
要是中文该多好
Ossoff, young, charismatic, filmmaker millions of $, against an ok candidate Handel. What happened? Ur left wing base wants u 2 go more left
What's more important is understanding why there are losses. Head out of sand will help.
But seriously, what do voters need before they realize the Republicans aren't in their corner?
UR all missing the Crooks who are involved ! Nothing is Real about TRUMP Election ? Wake Up Guys? UR all getting Cheated by deletions ??
It's not last night that is discouraging-it's the lack of message and direction and over the top prog candidates saying single payer only -
We are closing the gap.... hopefully 2018 will see a full flip
Where are you closing the gap? Dems have lost four special elections since President Trumps victory. You keep losing cause your out of touch
Keep the KKK& Rissia out of our election process and we'll be fine with the results. White supremacist
And never admit you lost?
Please run for President.
RUSSIA
If Dems keep using same neo-liberal strategy, they will continue to lose. They have to turn more left, not right. Offer universal healthcare
One day of wallowing and back at it.
It demonstrates the low esteem Americans have for the Party that offers empty promises.
You lost. Get over it. Start working and stop obstructing
But a Woman won!  Aren't you happy for her???  #offthesidelines
I am discouraged. It's time to look at Tom Perez. The dems are great at asking for $ but can't seem to use it effectively.
Fighting will only be effective if includes a serious and comprehensive push for racial justice in this country.
Kristen, it is not just last night. We lost everything since November. Ga. Was Custards last stand. The Dems are dopes and have no leader.
Actually until #Democrats reject middle of the road & corporate donor suck-up & return to grassroots & progressive candidates #WeAreDoomed
Yes, you must continue the lies, witch hunts, & other political riffraff that continues to expose you imbeciles for what you truly are.
Tired of the losing
The DNC needs a plan or we are doomed!
#TheResistance I myself keep fighting speak out the #Truth #bullies @CambridgePolice Defendants same Witnesses lied in their Superior Court.
I think we should be looking into any system hacks with these losses!
What losses? Ancient history. #TheResistance marches on!
Are we sure the systems weren't hacked? At one point he was ahead by quite a bit then all of a sudden she jumped way up!
It's discouraging though. Makes me question thought processes of half the country.
With all due respect Senator, you and the other Dems need to step up the fight. NY needs to energize its base to beat Faso and other GOP.
Keep in mind where republicans have won on special elections were historicall red seats,hard to win, democrats still won popular vote in 16
Securing our untrustworthy voting process from hacking must be done if we are ever gonna regain our democracy! #PaperBallots
see there you go again...stop the fighting that is why you Dems keep losing, you are promoting violence, hate, obstruction, resistance, hate
Talk about a change of heart!  And it was overnight. KG is a fraud. Good luck NY if this is who you think is best. Poor thing.
Agst  Bush $700B  bank bailout in the House, calling it "fundamentally flawed" --4 Obama $787B stimulus bill four months later as sen
Losses like last night will keep happening until @TheDemocrats forego neoliberalism in favor of the social democratic platform people demand
KG for withholding federal funds from sanctuary cities while in House -- Against as senator
You aren't getting the hint! We don't want people that are not fighting for the middle! You take our money and spend it!
It shows that Democrats are completely useless! You suck Gillibrand
KG against gun control while in the House (100% NRA rating) -- For gun control as a senator.
KG against gay marriage as a member of the House -- For gay marriage since the day her appointment to the Senate
KG flipped on immigration, switching from a congresswoman who opposed all forms of amnesty to a Senator who co-sponsored the DREAM Act.
Keep fighting what?  Why can't you grown ass adults work together and help ALL Americans?  Stop fighting him. Start WORKING together!!!!
I don't  look at it as a loss. We are making progress & moving forward. Our numbers are growing every day. Nothing will stop us. #RESIST
Maybe you should speak for the citizens instead of splitting them apart!
I'm encouraged, Kirsten. Looks as tho the Democratic Party is kaput.  People are sick and tired of the rhetoric and want action.  Go, Trump.
Not a democracy. Also, conservatives are about protecting God-given rights without squashing personal freedom. Liberty is not democracy.
Keep fighting = Keep losing

Good job folks.
Agreed
Dems big losers last night. 0 for 4.

Hollywood elites + big money + poor candidate + no message + Nancy Pelosi = 1 humiliating loss. Hahaha
That's what I am doing, letting people never forget that you lied to them!
Change is hard & takes time: look at what persistence got us: civil rights, universal suffrage, black POTUS. We'll persist until we prevail.
Keep losing
Senator the world doesn't understand why/how Demo's are unable to convince ur electorate that Prez @realDonaldTrump party is a poor choice?
I am having trouble believing that most of the people in this country are still worth fighting for. looks like we have regressed by 100 yrs.
What is being done to ensure our nation's cyber security? What is the point of voting in 2018 if our votes are not secured!
Was Russia involved again?
Can you be more specific when you say "keep fighting".  It appears many liberal constituents take that literally.
Yes many Dem wins on EO's, thwarted legislation, #Russia investigations, even if not getting thru to Trump base. #patience #resist #persist
Why is everyone saying this is a loss? It's not a loss, it's a HUGE gain in a highly Republican district. We are winning, let's keep going.
How do we keep hope alive? Its an endless circus & trump comes thru it & the we suffer. Look at all the hate crimes that he's triggered.
Freedom is in Peril otherwise.
The Ds better wake up and smell the roses. This tomorrow tomorrow the sun will shine works for Annie - not the country - Need to do better
Agreed. Changes are needed but we must remain dedicated and motivated.
Ds need to articulate a liberal but centrist view that takes care of the neediest and makes democratic principles the center piece.
@SenGillibrand Ds desperately need a cohesive message. (e.g. job creators, tax relief.) What would you like your fellow Ds to start saying?
I would like to see a cohesive platform on the issues, education, security, ISIS/Terrorism, healthcare, term limits, environment. Whereisit?
It was Russian intervention
I'm tired
You are safe so don't fret as NY is a lost cause & believes in liberal crap. But if you think your taking the Senate back in 18, think again
Please run for president or VP with @kdeleon or @RepJoeKennedy
#Franken/#Stein 
#Weiner/#Holder
DEMS ticket 2020?
They shouldn't be treated as "victory" either. When will DNC learn that moving to center doesn't motivate apathetic voters? Waste of time
Glad to see that at least some Dems are still aware that last night was actually a loss.
NYS losing billions ur fault. PA fracking gov Schummer and u asleep  jobs jobs jobs
Discourage? No. But @TheDemocrats must understand and accept the reason for these losses and address them with more than rote pablum.
We came close, that’s encouraging. Might have won if he ran more against Trump? Was he made to appear too progressive to satisfy Bernie?
Dems will never learn and will continue to lose. Keep it up @SenGillibrand and we will have a @GOP Senator taking your place. #MAGA
Never.
We will see. Your resistance is finished. The People have had enough of Identity Politics, obstruction, hate, #FakeNews and progressivism.
We need to start running real progressive candidates. Just being "NOT TRUMP" isn't a viable strategy. Dems need to stand for something!
but would candidate like that fare better in place like GA-06?
Ossoff was criticized for focusing on issues specific to ppl in that district
instead of mostly AHCA
but that's exactly what 50-state strategy is about; prog. cand. won't fit everywhere
I thought Perriello was good fit for VA (and I thought Ellison would've been better DNC chair), but progressive won't always be the answer
TFR is primed to record more protest songs & crank them up to 11.
What/who are you even fighting FOR?
#Owen4 in elections so far?
