@morningmika #WomenMarch you can't call yourself a #feminist unless u take action publicly #knowyourvaluetohumanity #whatside
@morningmika women all over are not giving up. We are organizing and making calls. Even CT is trying to change abortion laws!
Our senators have power we do not #resisttrump #indivisibleguide
@morningmika if what I witnessed on tv with Madonna and Ashley Judd  represents the march leave me out!
Trumps agenda is a living nightmare on every front!
Thank you Senator Gillibrand for being part of the resistance!
.@SenGillibrand OH progresives are cheering on your anti-Trump votes and general badassery. Thank you.
Would you march for the women in Cuba that have been imprisioned, tortured and raped? Have you had any interest in them?
the #hissyfitparade is done and going no where....
- stay strong!
That's  you and Hillary now saying to "keep the momentum going!" Thank you!
.@SenGillibrand @EstoyConHillary Make sure the democrats support us.  We don't think that you all are and that we are on our own.
Thank you Senator for your support of the #womensmarch and for your work on behalf of your constituents.
Thank you for your leadership. #2020
thank you for standing up for us. Your votes are noticed and heard
- I will, against you.
Resist is not the right word. Refuse.To hate immigrants, Muslims, LGBT, all trash from Trump's mind. Refuse.
thank you for voting against all of trump's nominations. I don't understand why your fellow democrats aren't doing the same.
what rights are women in the US being denied? @morningmika
Good luck with that.   The media already has you dummies frothing at the mouth over a 90 day ban.   Even though Obama did the same thing.
thank you for your inspiring message and your courage in standing up for human rights.
you're the best! 
Running hard for 2020 already! Love it!
Like this give me a break they look like fools
.@SenGillibrand @morningmika happy this woman's voice was heard when I was one of the millions who enthusiastically voted for Trump 
unfortunately your colleagues care more about donors, cronies. @SenSusanCollins in particular
Focus on women in the middle-east having their heads chopped off instead of Trump's sleazy comments.
Be careful when you break it to her that Trump won the White Women vote and for gods sake do it on 1st floor!
you need to lead the way!
@morningmika no mention of the Right to Life March?   Do you only support SOME women???
Unless your Pro-Life, right?  #agenda
Mika ur such an opportunist. U criticized the march as late as yesterday.My advice to u is,may your character speak louder than your words.
Thank you! First we marched, now we fight. #IStandWithPP for reproductive health and rights.
We are having a post card writing and karaoke party tonight!
It was not one day - it was Day One! Keep voting no on ALL deplorable cabinet nominations
Do something constructive and not divisive Swamp lady
U R such Environmentalists, Y  #Socialists #Progressives & @TheDemocrats such pigs. http://thefederalistpapers.org/us/nasty-women-leave-washington-covered-in-garbage …
@morningmika I'm sorry what do the women want again?
@morningmika so much 4 keeping gov out of your personal business. Not much more personal than needing personal choice on this
@morningmika can the #WomensMarch please take their trash (posters) w/them the next time.They obviously hate the environment
I'm proud of your stand on Women's Rights and of your No votes on Trump's  unqualified cabinet picks.
when are you going to march in Russia,china,afganistan,syria,mexico,and Pakistan?
oh my god, go away, troll!
Show us route to rid ourselves of insanity in White House. #MakeAmericaSaneAgain
I just mailed you a postcard on why I marched. Thanks for your support!
dry glad to make my loud NY voice heard... quiet? I don't know what that means! @womensmarchnyc
you supporting today's march?
yes!!! The beginning of the end for the death penalty! Right? Cuz that would be morally consistent.
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand!
no "Yes" votes! You are my hero.
many of us in David Joyce's district are organizing...we will be putting pressure on @senrobportman also
@Merrillmarkoe I wonder if we can do it on a regular basis
Groups meeting here in WV to carry out these activities. Made first visit to a Senator's office yesterday. All of us newbies.
we should be teaming up to share news that ACA deadline in Jan 31 - since trump cut the funds. facebook, twitter
You ARE the Woman!!!!
Thank you Senator for voting NO you definitely have my vote!
This is why I call your office everyday.
count me in, Senator!  Keep standing up for what's right in Washington!!!
Are you the leader, it's falling apart
We are very busy calling, volunteering and planning future actions such as @taxmarch @ScienceMarchDC !
#IStandWithPP
.@SenGillibrand Choose better allies. 

http://archive.is/bVA02 
Proud to be a fellow Democrat with you. Keep strong!
thank you for your position on the nominees! We need more of you!
@damonbethea1 thank you Senator for voting no!  
women's march progressive PC support Sarsour n her demands 4Sharia Law in all of America. Your pc opens door 4islamic slavery
so great tkx 4 the smile
will do! Please continue to be our voice. We appreciate your strong stance against a corrupt and dangerous cabinet.
I have a deep appreciation for you senator. Thank you for standing up for what is right and just! VIVA LA RESISTANCE!
