Then we are doomed! Cuz there are honest hardworking people who disagree with you, & by leaving you vote for @realDonaldTrump & @SpeakerRyan
If anyone is against abortion, don't have one. I think you're being needlessly trollish here.
Abortion issue shd not be complicated, don't like it, don't have one, but don't tell me what to do with my body!
So, if someone is pro life, but doesn't want to take away your rights, e.g. Tim Kaine, they're not welcome in the Democratic party?
I don't care about prolife; that's personal. But Anti-Choice is political and completely unacceptable.
Then call it what it is - anti-choice! People can actually be pro-life, and not be anti-choice! Why demonize belief! Demonize demagogues
Take back the language! My CHOICE!! Pro-life except around the poor & people of color. Then fry 'em.
"Pro life" until birth then Repugs take away Medicaid WIC head start CHIPS all things that support healthy young LIFE! Pro life my ASS!
Not even until birth - they are anti prenatal care.
But don't get an abortion! Good God! That is so ridiculous that they don't want to support prenatal care!
Nor do they care that the number of women dying in childbirth skyrockets when they defund family planning clinics.
If they care so much about fetuses so much, why do they want to take away prenatal care? Then more sick babies will be born! More care!
Easy for you to say! Scorched earth ain't worked so far! Not going to work in the future.
WE are saying this. WE. 
Why don't we bargain away YOUR rights?
Sadly, it would probably help though.
Among some, maybe - but among the women leading the resistance, probably not.
They will vote Democrats either way though, flipping rural Democrats that voted for Trump, my two cents
I think Dems are counting on that; not sure that will be true if they run too many anti-choice candidates
Purity tests are a loser that can't grow the tent though, dems need to be agile in respect to rural voters is my take.
easy for a man to call basic human rights for a woman "purity tests"
And let's not pretend that is a human right in America, it should be, but it's not, and will never happen without a majority. Pragmatism.
Nor do we have to agree 100% on every issue with people just to move forward. No matter how unacceptable a viewpoint is, absolutism is wrong
Abortion isn't womens' health, it's murder:
Making similar compromises to obtain power is what turned @GOP into a pro-Nazi party. It worked, but at what cost? #SoulSoldtoSatanCheap
This is absolutely true. Every woman I know well won't vote for an antichoice candidate. Period.
so join our party but you have no say  in abortion  
The notion that Dems should be more centrist is bullshit. I think if HRC had asked Bernie to be VP she'd have been POTUS.
The young people hear their concerns expressed by sanders or warren more than any centrist in the party.
It's not "pro abortion" it's, pro women's bodily autonomy.
We're not talking about babies, we're talking about fetuses.
Your opinion is neither factual nor relevant in the discussion of objective matters. Until it's born, it's a fetus.
Your opinion means literally nothing.
No, you just have to compromise on Jewish rights.  Desperation for higher office looks good on you, Hillary.  #bdssupportergillibrand
Protect rights. Provide more choices to avoid unwanted pregnancy and abortion. #SafeLegalUnnecessary
Please and thank you. There is compromise and then there is C O M P R O M I S E.
Not "don't have to"! The wording must be stronger: "We refuse to compromise on protecting women's health". There. FIFY.
In fact, to win back the House and Senate democrats cannot alienate women.
Even if 50% of women are pro life
50% are not.  72% of women support a woman's right to choose and 7 out of 10 Americans support Roe vs. Wade.
Link article or study
You didn't do that when you pulled 50% out of your ass so why should I go to the work AGAIN to oblige someone who's insincere and lazy.

You didn't read what you posted. It states 42% are pro-life. Thinking it's morally wrong is not the same as wanting Roe vs Wade overturned.
Blaze, a virgin, doesn't understand that this is about women's autonomy
A quick look at you feed indicates you're a white supremisist whose not worth anyone's time.
Aren't you late for a Klan rally?
Not killing babies for any or no reason (so pp can sell the babies bodyparts)isn't a woman's health issue! #prochoice #NoMoreMurderingbabies
We simply will not support anti-abortion candidates. Can Dems afford to lose the women's vote? I think not.
murdering thousands of unborn babies is not a woman's health issue.  It's murder pure and simple.
What letting poor and ill die? Your self righteous views are very selective. Typical republican
Thank you!
I'm 100% done with the @dccc if they start supporting anti-choice candidates.
AMEN
Say it stronger and more often
no Sanders, no whining protect Democrat platform support Democrats @DNC @verucasalt10 @dthomicide
Let's not compromise anyone's health! You are a role model.
By "women's health",do you mean the supposed right to murder unborn babies?Seen the studies linking abortion to breast cancer?Not healthy
Linking abortion to breast cancer  Stick to Bible, that's more likely to work
It's not choice it IS murder
We can't even keep Governorship, so how are we goijng to win back the Congress?
Killing babies does not protect anybody, especially their mothers. Stop lying! #ProLife
It is a basic right to privacy and control over ones OWN body.Women's rights can not be compromised b/c this admin is from the '50's-1850's.
No, you don't. Just keep sitting on your hands.

They still don't respect us #ItsObvi
Exactly...Who the hell decided that they were going to do so when 70% of country believes in womens choice
We do have to beat that gerrymander thing the gop has locked down a majority voted by a minority of voters in those districts though. HUGE
THANK YOU. (What the heck is going on with the others?)
Please say it again, louder! I believe some got their ears stuffed with GOP rhetoric. I'm not willing to give that up.
ReSister
Voting populace = 52% Women. How many times do misogynist toddlers have to ask anyway? Stop being bores, or just leave us alone!
Thank you Senator!
Not one more dime to DNCC until they reverse this stand. NOT one.
did in 2006.
https://twitter.com/trump45_prez/status/892921201525481472 … #MAGA #POLL #RETWEET
Will Trump Build That Wall
Once Mueller finishes his investigation #familygate will open doors for local democrats everywhere with a woman's issue platform
HRC was one of the strongest advocates for choice but was rejected by the far-left focused on an anti Wall St msg. This is Bernie's fault 
@LiberalNavySeal What can we compromise on? 
Reduce corporate welfare tax-spending?
Kill regulation the blocks Solar? RT Pls
But we do have to STOP #Gerrymandering

No we don't and no we won't!
Thank you @SenGillibrand
Thank you, Senator. I'm nauseated that male "leaders" of our party are so ignorant about choice in 2017. I will not be a mar of their party.
I think we are ready for the #Indivisible Party.
Darn right! 

NO body should be forced to chose between being Pro-life or anti-life. It's ok, you can be democrat and STILL support common sense law
Why is it a bad thing to come up with a common sense legislation to protect the health of the mother the the child?
Forget the evangelical vote, then.
and cannot.
You DO have to make compromises.
I will never support anti-abortion "Democrats".  Stop it!
This is a human rights issue. Racism is a human rights issue. When dems pander to those who reject "identity politics" they embrace racism.
HAHAHAHA. You guys are fighting over life. Think about that. Pathetic and sad.
Women are the backbone of the Democratic Party. They must Stand with US. Thank you for your leadership l Senator 
We need help in the Red States not more of this.  Where are they getting their ideas?
Exactly. We win BECAUSE we champion women rights. Anything less is a loss.
Right! U must NEVER forget Ur party's Primary Sacrament is Abortion. Nothing is more important than killing babies.
It is not a compromise to run someone who is anti abortion but will not legislate against it, like Tim Kaine. I want to win.
It's the last clause that's important tho

let's make sure they're a @timkaine type & legislate what's best for All citizens despite beliefs
Yes of coarse. I think it's important to recognize that some great Dem candidates can be against abortion but not want to legislate against
THANK YOU
Don't do it! Dems need to stop pandering to the right. Support your supporters!
This is a rt for women to decide about their bodies! Not crusty old men Rs!!
