Vote her out!!!! no good ideas just criticism of others
can we stop this madman? Srsly a plan to make people uneducated poor hopeless. Dictator dream
Trump did not make them homeless - why has this suddenly turned in to a crisis?
Tim is not paying attention
no, Damon Pettit says I am too stupid and a "bag of shit" and that I should die.
that's just wrong. Issue is cuts to budget will disprop hurt the poor sick & veteran
the budget is what is sent to the house. They develop the actual budget.
yes get that but the PROPOSED cuts are understandably upsetting a lot of p that depend on services. Low return
Please read Evicted and start the conversation on housing versus education vouchers...this is so essential
get it under control!!
best way to get the budget under control is to tax the 1% more, not give them tax cuts. Trickle down is a lie.
The intent seems obvious: marginalize the poor and mentally ill until they die. Slow roll final solution. #Stop45
Find WHO Rybolovlev met & WHY in Concord NC 11/3/16 on Trump's Staff & break this case wide open
Totally heartless.
Good!
@alastairgee Obama added trillions to the national debt, and still didn't eradicate homelessness.
no ones going to eradicate homelessness! But why EXACERBATE it?
But why are these people homeless if, as the Dems say, the economy improved so much under Obama?
remember prior 2008: recession. Improved yes. Perfect no. But cut funding for homeless, old, veteran?
I hear the White House is always empty in the weekend. It's our house. Let the homeless stay there. 
if you have spare room, let them stay with you
it would be interesting to see what all the folks at HDMA would think of your stance on the homeless.
suggesting that's where you stand on an issue that should not be political. Threatening me means nothing.
@WendyWeth Many people are only one or two paychecks from being homeless, with costs rising.
@Thom_Hartmann This is what Republicans do; it is who they are, given the opportunity. And they call it compassion. Shame.
It's time for someone to say this to you: Big Government IS the problem. This article is very misleading, aka Fake News.
@leoluminary a lot of those homeless will be trump voters who without an address won't be able to vote next election, 
Wait a minute. I thought the Dems told us the economy has improved over the past 8 years. How could this be?
please fight this in the Senate.  Can we count on u to oppose elimination & gather Senate allies for @usichgov preservation?
Solutions please? Not the same blame game.
what a shame that the one that need the most get the list but as sl
Maybe God will give him the deserved opportunity to be homeless and begging on the streets of NewYork in front of what used to be the Tower
Making it harder to own a home and easier to own a gun is not making America great.  Keep fight for us.
@gaslighters2017 @guardian Thank the GOP for looking the other way and allowing this man continue to codemn our country
Agreed, but the big picture is you and the GOP need to work together to get this batshit crazy thug out of the White House.
I mean no offense but single issue politics mean nothing when there's an elephant the size of Cleveland in the room.
An elephant that would provoke North Korea. Can we stop talking like this is normal? Please?
He cares about pretend wiretaps and Nordstrom's, and his bank account. You can't fight these battles with him.
Every single public servant should be focusing on his impeachment, period. His conflicts alone are more then sufficient.
wrong.
do you live in NY? The past 2 years we have seen an increase in NYC. Now you care?
Where are all those folks who kept posting things about how our homeless veterans should be a priority! !
this is nothing shocking of DJT I expect worse of some1 surrounded by alt-whites! Ur white gov allow this
trumpet don't care-remember housing discrimination means creating homelessness.
tired of the give aways. Homelessness can't be fixed by Washington. But, generous people can do something with time and $$$$.
Not the federal government's job. State and local gov should take care of it. Fed Govhas too much control over people's lives
@nancymoskowitz - Trump doesn't care.
Reagan record:
Jan 1981-Total debt: $848 billion 
Jan 1989-Total debt: $2,698 billion 
+218% Total debt increase
@guardian/Idiots you Senator is a shame! Obama just left office so it means he cut housing! Get a brain transplant!
No one will ever eradicate homelessness.Too many people who prefer to wander. Making it worse is crass & heartless.
While I'm relieved that you criticize his policies, I'd like to see alternative proposals. Endless attacks only stokes fear.
I agree...awful.
The dangerously ignorant #nationalembarrASSment in the WH needs to go before any of this mess can be dialed back
time to do what the Middle class has been doing for 9 years tighten our belts spend less and have dollars do more
Usual Democratic Scare Tactics! Nothing new or original
@cavlovic_k @guardian aholes....GOP is dead....so much corruption
WE do not need refugees. Fund Homeless programs instead. I challenge you to respond
Tax the 1% and penalize corps that shelter $ offshore and you can afford both. Trickle down is a lie
We can not afford to bring in any more humans in to the US while we have Homeless men women and children of our own
the Funding used to resettle refugees should be used to resettle our Homeless Population. Huge numbers are African American
most people that are homeless, are homeless by choice. They're either alcoholics or drug addicts.
Really?  what is the cost for your Refugee settlement program? That is what needs to be stopped/
Awful..ly prudent thing to do- cut spending
You, @SenSchumer, Obama had 8 years to make homelessness better and you just made it worse. Gov't is not the answer
more homelessness by the republicans!
what is awful is ur team stealing $151M/yr fromWNY. Delphi pension theft was an illegal act. ERISA was ignored & U do nothing
Hey Gilli, 20 trillion dollars isn't enough to fix this? If you really  cared, you'd promote jobs. And more jobs.
the imminent threats Trump wants to sell Americans = Saddam's WMB touted by Bush era neocons. We should not be fooled again.
Lies the homeless u speak of were already the homeless this is not Trumps doing Kirsten
Thank you Senator for standing up for what is true and right. We've go your back!
POTUS feels no responsibilty to our least fortunate. Nothing in his experience or rhetoric suggested otherwise.
kill off the weak and the poor and the old. MAGA, but heartless. Fred/Mary were bad parents?
- this administration is savage. There is no other word to describe their greedy and headless behavior.
problems such as this should have already been addressed with the billions already thrown at it
I'd say allowing all of our industries tb #Consolidated in the hands of a few probably cost more jobs & created more homeless
What's "awful" is that none of our "representatives", even supposed 'fiscal conservatives', can be bothered to undo the harm.
I mean, let's be honest: Who else will you get your campaign contributions from, if not the #Corporatocracy ? #SellingUsOut
Criminal!...And will also impact health negatively, on top of #AmericanHealthCareAct #VoteNoToBudget #NoToAHCA
Haven't been to deBlasio's NYC recently have you?
as someone who works w/the homeless in nyc, the problem certainly isn't too much funding
I don't see how cutting programs would actually help a single human being in need
Since when is the gov't the sole & best purveyor of charity? Have the people lost the gift of giving? @SenGillibrand
ahahahahahahahaha "leave it to the charities". it's not 1850, general.
#NannyState
#SocialContract
Not one violating the personal liberties of people, to take from one to give to another.
# it all started when O and Deblasio came into office with your approval have you learn anything yet socialism doesn't work
#you missed the message at the presidential election you rhetoric day in a day out only proves we need change
thank you for your hard work.  keep fighting the good fight!
American homelessness is one of our deepest wounds. Cutting aid programs amounts to genocide. Heal>Hurt Love>Hate
and ANY Democrat that aids and abets him should remember that #GorsuchHearings ... it's all interconnected
"That which Voldemort does not value, he takes no trouble to comprehend." #2017Budget
vote no
Deplorable
living with budgets is a unique concept?
to the DemonRats like @SenGillibrand it is.
Do not allow Democrats to teach you it is okay to lie if it suits your agenda. The public knows you're lying and despises U.
I remember his draconian cuts. The release of mentally ill from maligned institutions without any plan, put them on street
