Don't filibuster him. Let it come to a vote and vote against him. Changing the rules will have far reaching consequences.
I agree. Why is senate not just voting NO. CHANGE THE JUDGE NOT THE RULES.
because w/out the filibuster Gorsuch will be confirmed. It's a stolen seat.
And with a rule change he will be too. And it will be easier for a far right justice to be added later.
Or the far left.....
Sadly more likely the right in the next 4 years.
Is GOP planning to kill more judges?
There was no autopsy on Scalia. 
Died in hotel room
mysteriously
like a Russian linked to Trump.
Are you suggesting Scalia came to some foul play?
Trump is polling at 35%

McConnell is polling at 17% 

It barely takes a heartbeat to steal a seat on supreme Court for your chosen funders
Changing the rules for President Trump to get his Supreme Court nominee through is an historic mistake. #StopGorsuch
Trump's actually *up* a little bit then, eh? Why?
I don't think Trump's poll numbers are up, it's just that diff.polls show diff number. IE 34%, 35%, 40% but they're all down from previous
Ah ha. Gotcha. I guess I've been exclusively watching Gallup insofar as the approval ratings are concerned.
let them. It will prevent them from filibustering and obstructing when Dems retake the majority. No more compromise!
The rule change was started by the Democrats in 2013. The Republicans are just implementing the change.
The really sad thing is that's not even a trump pick, just a name whispered in his ear.
GOP filibustered 79 Obama nominees before Reid was forced to go nuclear. R's are ready after ONE
American voters are watching #GOPdysfunction grow daily.  POWERFUL #BLUEWAVE coming 11/6/2018 across all states.
please let it be so
Dems blocking a highly qualified SCOTUS nominee is a historic disgrace. Dems are blocking just to coddle their base
Wrong. They are blocking a scotus that may have been chosen by president who was chosen by Putin.. no Justice buy a legitimate Prez
Dems have dementia & need to be primaried & voted out #retirement #Gohome
@luisacva just like Trump is an historic perhaps unrecoverable error.

Isn't that what GOP did?
Bingo - quote below by @SenJeffMerkley 
Because he's a R. The only standards they like are double-standards.
Civilisations decline by progressively watering down constitutional checks & balances. Revolution re-establishes them. Make it a small one.
Agree 100% (and thank you for "an historic").
Why?
Because "a historic" causes Lit Majors to drink themselves to sleep.
"A historic" is correct, what am I missing? Especially in written form.
But the truth is, pronunciation differs with "history"; some pronounce "h" some don't, neither is wrong, so either article would be correct.
Istory? No...please no.... Cool wHip...
Just means it will be easier for Dems to get SCOTUS Appointee's thru too. R's won't survive 4 yrs. Thanks to Trump.
If there is call for Action April 7 Is A Day To Show Your Disapproval Of Mitch McConnell's Decision To Go Nuclear. We have one option...!
"A" historic mistake
Think about that: GOP made an historic mistake for a so-called President, pathological liar who brags about grabbing p*ssy. Proud moment.
Unfortunately the @GOP will make many of those as they ignore daily constitutional violations & possible treason in the Trump admin.
Amen
Trump being elected is a historic mistake.
the DNC selecting Hillary and sabotaging Bernie Sanders was an historic mistake
He did not change rules he went by constitution, liars and obstructionist, tell the truth and stop twisting it!
INCORRECT!!
But them ACTIVELY ignoring #Constitution w/ @BarackObama didn't bother them at all.
If tRump gets impeached maybe all of his appointees can be Invalidated. Any Constitutional lawyers watching?

Let's make sure that after the next election McConnell has reason to regret his decision. #Elections2018
I hope so, but so far I'm not encouraged that the @thedemocrats have the capacity for self-reflection. @philtetreau @SenGillibrand
I keep thinking about the infamous words of Barack Obama "elections have consequences"
Filibustering was an historic mistake.
This is what they will do over and over. By 2018 we'll be fully under the rule of a klepto-fascist traitor w/ his family set to succeed him.
Unfortunately the Democratic Party is fractured and unorganized. The GOP will pay no price for this unless the party unites. @SenGillibrand
Getting rid of the filibuster will make it easier for @GOP to destroy the government but also make it easier for Dems to fix the damage.
Father, forgive them for they know not what they do...
When trump gets impeached for such has to go
Blah blah blah.
Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.
Take the Senate and House next year and impeach Trump and Gorsuch. Easy.
This, Kirsten, is @senatorReid's IDEA, he used it FIRST, the very first to even bring it up....THAT'S @LIBDEMS FOR YOU...You're #FAKENEWS
The system put 45 in the WH. We're seeing the unraveling of America and we don't know who's involved, how deep it goes or if we can be saved
Yes, dems really blew this one; a party sliding into irrelevance.
Well.... if there is a God in the sky, Trump will be 1 term or unfinished term. Justices will remain healthy and we'll get a  balanced court
Wrap #Ginsburg in bubble wrap and guard her 24/7. #GodHelpUs #SupremeCourt
#StolenSeat #BogusCourt
The Republicans just sealed their fate!
Showing their true colors. Cheaters, Liers, Not doing what they were sent there to do. #TEMPJOB
Senators who change the rules for President 45* to get his Supreme Court nominee should go the f**k home.
Gillibrand: 'If we're not helping people, we should go the f--k home' http://hill.cm/jbo1kou  
Hold on there Kirsten, you and Harry Reid and others in your ilk created this mess in 2013.  GOP is only playing the game the Dems created.
The problem is that Gorsuch, like Kennedy, will likely "evolve."
#BidenGillibrand2020
It's pathetic! May a republican never be elected again as president! Ever!! For what they did to Obama only to pull this stunt?? Disgrace!!
The filibuster is already dead if the minority is not allowed to use it. #StopGorsuch. Force R’s to own it.
this man is obviously too prejudiced to be scotus
It will bite them in the ass.  Dems will be able to use it against them in 2018 when they gain power
Are you referring to Dirty Harry Greed?
Should have all taken my advice and had SCOTUS look at investigation issues of Trump and Russia to pause Gorsuch
Reid starting it was the historic mistake....
Thank you for using "an" before historic. That makes me happy.
You have made an historic mistake.
the Rs won't see that until they lose the majority- 2018
Poor, poor Kirsten, as Obama said, elections have consequences. Dems have nothing right now. Better luck in 2 yrs when GOP screws everyone.
2018, 23 Dems are up for election.  Please break this hold on the American public and vote them out of office.  Going forward, united!
Americans who watched the confirmation hearings, know this to be a lie.  Those who did not, are at the mercy of liars and obstructionists.
Dems have already changed the rules and now suffer their actions.  Dems malign a fine judge for bi partisan obstructionism. Vote em out 2018
History lesson in the event your memory is fading. How'd the ACA get passed? Answer:  #NuclearOption  #tcot #hypocrit #Obstructionist
But if they do we will fight to win back senate in 2018 and use it to destroy the @GOP!
@zsarrina You r a amazing woman and a driving force please keep up your actions on our behalf! Proud to be from blue NY
Exacerbating, Ginormous Colossal mistake!
I'm still concerned by legitimacy of a nomination by president under multiple federal investigations. Illegitimate nomination
Are you all afraid of those who tell the truth? I would think you would want people like this. Unbelievable!!!!
Electing him was a big mistake
How so?
Blame your own party for setting the precedent. Lol.
People need to realise Trump is just transferring his business ideologies to that of POTUS. Rules Don't Apply !!!
agreed
What does Susan Collins say?
No moral compass.. OMG I have to wake up in this hell from A$$wipe AGAIN tomorrow, feels like groundhog day, rinse repeat over and over!
Such a hipocrite! It was ok when the DNC did it...quit crying, you lost already, should be concerned with representing the voters! Your not!
GOP have to steal their seat
why did @SenGillibrand only had about 1 minute to speak at the SC nominee hearing? #StopGorsuch
Yes, and the senators who decide to change the rules will be going down in history looking baaaaaaad!
That shouldn't even be allowed! So every time a party worth he Majority doesn't agree they'll have the option to go nuclear. #NoProgress
Power and money motivates the Republican Party, never mind our planet, our foreign policies, talking coherently, "sad"
stop the plagueriser.
@HEINSLERJAN She's Bad Ass I like her
no issue when Reid did it for other nominations eh ?
changing the rules to get lower court nominees through was a historic mistake
We don't need to say "an" before an "h" sound.
You wouldn't be referring to the Harry Reid option, would you? Dems changed the rules to favor themselves, and are now getting bitten by it.
"Which is that we’re here to help people, and if we’re not helping people, we should go the f--k home,”  @SenGillibrand #resist
It is, but it brings an opening for @TheDemocrats 2018 - target @SenCoryGardner ONE TERM SENATOR, FOR VOTING 'CHANGE RULES' = DC CORRUPTION

Harry Reid and democrats like you opened that door. Republicans just stepped inside. You made your bed now lay in it.
Nobody makes mistakes as good as he does. Nobody.
Thank HARRY REID DEMOCRATS ARE SO CORRUPT
keep up the good work.
Reid changed them and was warned at the time. Call Dirty Harry out on this.
Yes it will ... but turtle does not give a damn about anyone and he especially doesn't give a damn about this country!
The DNC set the precedent. You can blame Reid for the current mess.
No, sweetcakes, forcing a nuclear option was uncle harry's idea. You own it.
#go Gorsuch
You are a historic mistake...voting no on everything instead of doing your job for our country.  Find a hole and crawl in it.
Thanks harry reid
@SenateMajLdr proceed with the so-called "nuclear option" to confirm Neil Gorsuch will have major unintended Republican consequences IMHO
He has changed way too much already. He is in office not to make things better, but to take down our democracy.
If they change senate rules it will hamper their reelection. Let them hang themselves.
Its an historic mistake because he's illegitimate & under investigation for treason. Let me say it another way. #TrumpisaConman!
But time for DEMs to realize this small fact:
EVERY ELECTION COUNTS...vote...vote ..vote!
Yes!!!!
Where was your outrage when the Obummer administration did the same exact thing! #hypocrisy
All due respect Senator please stop misusing the word mistake; implies event was non-intentional. THIS is absolutely calculated+deliberate.
@SenateMajLdr McConnell might as well cut his party's throat if he uses the nuclear option. It will take them decades to recover. GOOD !
Especially a far fringe nominee who is a plagiarist
If Obama was not allowed to appoint a SCJ in his last year as President why is Trump allowed to appoint a SCJ in his last year as President?
You and Your party are responsible for the change and are causing your own demise!
They don't care about the future. They only care about themselves.
Just wait for their reaction when the Dems are in charge & have these rules.
The Dems died with Hillary...
Republicans will pay, big time after 2018.Simple majority will destroy them.
Support Gorsuch!!!
No only Dems can do it right? Figures....move to NYC!
don't change the rules; change the nominee!
Sure, ask Harry Reid what he said on that exact issue. You are not truthful on this.
blocking a good justice because a Rep. picked him is a historic mistake
and a historic mistake that you and your cohorts are not putting through DT nomination, had he been obamas you would have voted yes hypocrit
.@SenGillibrand let's make sure the GOP regrets going nuclear in 2020. #WeThePeople
Will be death to GOP
One of MANY historic mistakes and one particularly HUGE one.
YOU caused this! The partisan obstruction tactics were uncalled for. Democrats will regret soiling the senate. More lost seats in 2018.
you shouldn't have any problem with it when you sleep bag Democrats did it.
@GOP been outlaws since Obama! & have no right 2 deny US a REAL SCOTUS & force through paid 4 choice who'll destroy liberties #StopGorsuch
Thank you! Proud you are MY Senator!
Yep.
worst exple of GOP partisan behavior in history, a lack of respect 4 Senate; continuation of Mitch violation w Garland. @SenateGOP ALL4 Koch
Not the time to force the hands of the GOP!  What they did with Garland was wrong! Save it for the next pick!
Confirm Gorsuch!
It sure is as a result of obstructionism by DEMS. Obamacare failed and so shall this filibuster. Wasn't Sotomayor confirmed?
You represent a broken govt that works against Americans. Obstructionism for Garland is wrong and hurts US! Bad behavior. Voting you out!
This @GOP congress will definitely be in the history books. The same as Benedict Arnold, The Third Reich, Brutus... #traitors
Tell Harry Reid.
http://callyourrep.co  #LetSallySpeak #MyBodyMyChoiceby ZIP Text "Resist" to 50409
Blame Harry Reid and you folks for initiating the game changer better known as the "nuclear option." Karma sucks, doesn't it?
Counting on you as my State Senator to vote NO on Gorsuch! #StopGorsuch
Aren't there 2 SC justices on the court now that didn't get 60 votes?  Just asking.
Chuck and Reid made your bed, now sleep in it!  Gorsuch is supremely qualified and your no vote is a joke
Agreed Senator. However its "a historic mistake", not "an historic mistake". But agree nonetheless.
Forgive her, she is an illiterate communist.
"changing the rules" - thnx Harry Reid, whacko Dem.. "stolen seat" thnx Joe Biden, whacko Dem.. see a pattern here?
Trump is an historic mistake
Since when are democrats worried about law?

If they can change the rules for this petty argument then how can they be trusted to uphold the rules we all depend on for our freedom
I support Garland but remember FDR's court-packing?
This move by #GOP shows they are enabling Trump and penalized Obama not letting him appoint SCOTUS They are dirty!
Be sure to thank Dirty Harry Greed, Einstein!
Absolutely! So why are they doing this? To keep POTUS happy! All a game people are going to suffer in Supreme Court as anti women issues!
@TheDemocrats Fillerbusting good nominee @JudgeNGorsuch soley for political payback is worse and will end w @TheDemocrats more loses @ polls
Dems will be just fine but thanks for concern trolling.
They are doing so well
I'm sure any political "advice" u offer will b genuine. @GOP controls the whole government and still has 2 change the rules to get it's way.
Its all a chess game, and evryones making bad moves. This "war" btwn parties is not good for America n b4 u say it - Both sides are guilty,
It's ok, progressives are going to take back @DNC then working families will have an actual choice.
Just curious but with who to take the lead? and what choices?
The choice of representatives who AREN'T bought off by Wall Street and the pharmaceutical industry.
Trump is a historic mistake
McConnell showed his true colors right after Obama was elected. No surprise there.
Do your job and it will not be necessary.
One gleaned from the #DNC? BOTH Y'ALL keep changing the RULES so THIS is the result
Voting no out of spite is as well..
his whole administration is shaping up to be a historic mistake
You for president 2020...
Being so childish that you won't approve a qualified candidate is a mistake.
blindly supporting a judge that has routinely ruled for corp'ns over individuals b/c 45 nominated him is a mistake
Run in 2020
Yes, Senator please run, run your ass to Mexico and don't come back!
So is obstructing our nation through a Republican party & a corrupt Senate majority "leader" McConnell.
Madame Senator Trump is a historic mistake, he will go down in history as the worst President ever. @POTUS and his small hands, smaller mind
Naaaaw....Barry will carry that banner throughout history!
Paul Ryan wants you dead. Please...
Especially after the Republicans did us the courtesy of blocking Garland
Fealty to trump isn't the right course under current circumstances...
We know your fighting so hard to stop this from happening,so thank you so much for your commitment to the American people.
Trump is an historic mistake.
