Scary and unAmerican
There was plenty of public input - remember election night????????
Hahah you're so cute! When is the last plebeians have had a word in economics, health care or taxation?
#holdourleadersaccountable
You are right  ! So why did "you" and your Democrat commie friends help Obama do just that ??
Really? O care passed without one repub vote.Dont forget the famous " u have to pass the bill so we can see what's in it's
U phony liberal
Not standing up and demanding #MedicareForAll is also the height of irresponsibility.
Are you forgetting that's exacting what the Dems did!
Kind of like you did with Obamacare?
And does that make it ok? That this bill is going to be a pathetic replacement? Let's deal with today...
it sounds like you are referring to Obamacare, I'd say that's the height of hypocrisy
How dare the republicans do something that is exclusively the right of democrats!
Pelosi's passing the ACA without reading it is better? Both parties are failing to act in their constituents best interest.
That's what the dems did to pass Obamacare. Remember when nancy pelosi said we have to pass it to see what's in it? Give me a break!
So. Did Obama ask for public opinion on Obamacare? Did he ask public opinion when bringing in refugees,give them&illegals welfare&SS?
Same outrage for #aca?
How about the height of irresponsibility of knowingly lying to American ppl that if you like your plan you can keep it???
Irresponsible is kicking millions off healthcare to give the rich a tax cut. #ACA isn't perfect, but it's goal to expand coverage works.
It works? Millions took the fine and in NY ot costs over 1500 a month!!! That's not irresponsible?
Check out the $ increases on top of that with GOP plan. It is why we need to work toward single-payer. Wealthy need to help, too.
Remove mandates, allow choice & competition over State lines. I, not the gov't, should choose best for me
WWJD? He provided free healthcare.  He took care of the poor. GOP plan is immoral & irresponsible. Pro-life means lives of others matter.
Why weren't you up in arms when millions had to take the fine because they couldn't afford ACA? Or the premiums that cost over 2000 a month
Don't those people matter in your Pro Life statement
Doing so
w/ a Bill designed
to Harm Millions
is folly

Death is an outcome
that cant be corrected

Once GOP Bill kills people
its on YOU GOP
Drama!
But they don't care about the outcome. Only care about tax cuts for wealthy, as usual.
Another SILLY leftist cliche! Dems are the real party of wealth and the establishment
That's why we have a billionaire President who steals from children and the poor. Conspires /w Putin.
Steals from the children and the poor. Last time I checked, children and the poor don't have anything worth stealing!
DT and his family have run charity events where the money never reached those in need. They divert the funds to other purposes.
Yeah, thats what Democrats did !  With obama "not" care
Isn't that what you did with ObamaCare?
Medicare excludes dental coverage. Why should NYS Medicaid recipients >64 receive dental benefits? Same for other CMS excluded benefirs.
Memory loss huh Kirsten. Hypocrite.
Just pass it to see what's in it! That will give us another Obamacare disaster!
Oh, like you and the dems did?
More proof the the Govt. shouldn't be and should have never become our source for Healthcare. Trust me, EVERY Senator is irresponsibly evil.
Back to the grind this week. Thanks for being  such a great leader on this in your party
Amen!
Did you remember that nobody the long & confused Obamacare bill? Now you want to read everything, not too late but Irony your attitude
The GOP is the biggest threat the world faces today!
Yet this is exactly what Democrats did!!!
Is that kind of like you have to pass it to see what's in it?
You mean when Obama "passed it so we could see what's in it"? Yeah, I agree. Irresponsible.
Yes @BarackObama Care is an irresponsibly created disaster, now @POTUS has to pick up the pieces
sad but not surprising
No, it's the height of NEGLIGENCE!
Did u expect something different from the current administration with that inept fool in charge.
#IndependenceDay.  our American history of independence is for white men, let's commit to independence for all women and men in our America.
Are you suggesting they read it first? Remember the FEMALE @NancyPelosi who suggested to vote first then read OC.
No, its the height of arrogance.
this Govt thinks itself Public, court and evrythng
Just like obumer and piglosi did smh
You can keep your doctor.....The old bait and switch, right Senator?
Just like obumer did lol
You mean like Obamacare?
go figure
Go figure.. They keep saying oven
Kind of like the ACA?
Amazing that you have found religion puppet lady.  Where was it when you jammed Obamacare down our throats.  Hypocrite
Senator, your comments are all campaign rhetoric. Talk to the Senator  from West Virginia. He wants to work with the Republicans.
Right you are Kirsten.
It is also a violation of our governing principles
I'd like to ram my foot up each one of their rear ends.
It's corrupt. It's disgusting. It's abuse of power
Maybe you are right... maybe we should do what @RandPaul thinks and just repeal now and replace later
@GOP THEY DON'T CARE. Christie sitting on  that stretch of beach is a good metaphor for #WealthCare  #TheyDontCare
Just like the democrats did
What a short memory we have. ACA vote on it then we can read it to see what's in it. Now you have the nerve to complain.
Voter input is an outdated method of governance.  Just ask Putin.
But it was ok when Obamacare was pushed through without anyone reading the bill and no one kept there doctors.
you did it with Obamacare and it didn't go to well. Congress is ill equipped to come up with a healthcare plan! Useless
The height of irresponsibility are elected officials who vote for it at the expense of their most vulnerable constituents!!
The Constitution does not give it the authority to mandate health care whatsoever.
Christ it's like we did this 8 years ago...
Not just irresponsible- Clearly, this move is about political power and not the well-being of Americans.
Wait! I don't remember input for ACA?
You are far to polite, it's ludicrous and assanine
Should be CRIMINAL - they REPRESENT their CITIZENS - should be criminal to harm citizens for extra cash. We pay them more than enough now.
A Bannon, McConnel tactic.
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPAGAINSTVETS#HEALTHCARE NOT #DEATHCARE #GOPPAIDOFF #SCRUPLES4RUBLES #RUSSIANMADEWH
.  It's how dictatorships work. Welcome to trump's dictatorship, no free speech, no real press and no public dissent. RESIST!!
#freespeechmarch will stand up this fall.
@TracyB80484834
The very definition of #Disconnect
You mean like Obama did the disastrous Obamacare, lied to the American people and took us 20 Trillion into debt.  Nothing to like about this
Good thing it's only 1/6 th of our economy, otherwise I would be really upset 
They can't pass it anyother way. It can't stand the light of day.
I think it's criminal actually
McConnell should really be expelled, for how he's acting. The last 8 years is well documented.
Political suicide is what it is. GOP must be counting on getting help from Russia again in 2018.
What were you elected to do? Defer to someone else? Stop slowing the process and do the job u r paid for.
So is $20T in debt. What are you doing about that?
Just like OSAMA did... #Shutup
So you must be talking about Obama care
MOST OF GOP HAS NO MORAL COMPASS
Um, remember Nancy Pelosi?  'We have to pass the bill (Obamacare) to see what's in it!'  You are both irresponsible Democrats.  You lost.
And hypocrisy &, evilness
" we have to pass it to read it to know what is in it. " Pelosi
Lol. "We HAVE to pass the bill to know what's in it!" #Hypocrite
They forgot they work for us
Like ramming a marshmallow through a keyhole.
You say "irresponsibility"; I say it's a clear case of corruption. Not proven yet, but the ins cos writing the bill is a pretty strong clue.
Yes. And thanks for coming out for a single payer system.
Its the height of not working for the people they were elected to represent. Trump promised not to cut medicaid and that is a lie
And it sure isn't democracy. Are there no tactics at Democrats disposal to stall this? The cost of stealing children's chemo is too much.
Hypocrisy at its best! How did DNC pass the ACA? Sign, then read the bill! Did GOP have input? Look in the mirror before going after others!
Well all Republican bills are basically the same anyway....BLA bla bla -bla bla bla -bla bla bla bla bla -Tax breaks for the Rich-bla!
Isn't that what the Democrats did with ACA?
It would have been nice if you felt the same way when Obama did it, Senator!
Right u can keep your Dr u can keep your plan. Sound familiar. U FOOL
Is it even legal? Aren't we a democracy??
Like @BarackObama nonsense? Give it a rest already. Nobody trusts #Liberals. #MAGA #AmericaFirst #Pravda #DemocRats can't be trusted.
Full repeal. You have no constitutional authority over healthcare. Learn your place.
Of course the Guberment has authority over Insurance Laws...

You sound crazy

#MedicareForAll
I sound like a Founder, appointing the government with a few clearly defined powers. Try reading it sometime. 

#FreedomForAll
Really! You mean like Nancy Pelosi did with that obummercare "you have to pass it to see what's in it" democrats are satan's spawn!
Wait, what? Are you talking about when Obama did it or now when Trump is doing it? I'm confused.
Kinda like the POT CALLING THE KETTLE BLACK!
That sounds like last time! You lefties can't have your cake and eat it too!
Bless your heart
“Putsch” was actually the word that came to mind.
Forcing doctors and hospitals to provide a service through the force of government is theft.
Lol
Trump's mentality. He cares for no one except Putin. Trump the Putin Puppet.
Isn't that what happened 8 years ago with the Dems and Nancy Pelosi?  Ruined our healthcare .now in a BIG dilemma!
No ma'am. Allowing it to happen is.
That's the definition of trumps presidency   The Height of Irresponsible
Oh come on Kirsten nancy pol didn't even read it we were all left hanging with Obamacare. You are in such denial. Who are you kidding. MAGA
#SinglePayer
I think Arrogance is the word you were looking for....or maybe dereliction.
Your talking about Obamacare correct ?
http://art-bin.com/art/omodest.html …
Keep Rocking Kirsten.
Obama care destruction is over
Not since Benedict Arnold have we seen a sell out of the Amer people of this scale. If this passes, we will never forget and never forgive
Sounds like Obama careless all over again
Are you referring to 2008? 
#25thAmendmentNOW
President Gillibrand has a nice ring to it.
She would have to get many voters from the Trump side. But  probably need to stop going to church, marrying, and they'd need to smoke dope
Very proud that you are our Senator. A lot of folks are embarrassed about the Senator they have.
Thanks for all you do.
Our legislators need to LISTEN
Agreed! Thanks for fighting against this for New Yorkers and all Americans!
no sh*t. so is not supporting, advocating, and bringing #singlepayer to Americans
Ask the parents of the 10 mo. old sentenced to death how well the single payer system works.
Seeking the advice of no experts & ignoring the unanimous panning of the bill by medical groups proves better healthcare is not their intent
The people in charge of medical groups also have an agenda. Speak to the actual doctors in the field! Aca is hurting them too
Intentionally passing a fraudulent healthcare program that was doomed to fail and then letting it is far worse. All under your watch.
You mean  likewhen Obama hid behind closed doors and gave the worst health care the US has ever known.  A

You have some chutzpah fake-quoting Jesus like that! I suppose your Jesus is pro-choice? I'm right, aren't I??
I'm old enough to remember when @SenateMajLdr said 9 months wasn't enough time to debate #Obamacare
Partisan sentiments change when you are the ruling party. It is called acting your best self interest, the hell with everyone else

It would be ideal if the dems would put forth a bill forth with the changes to ACA.  To be compared to the rep bill in the media
Enough about process. Keep hammering about all the death and suffering this monstrosity will cause.
We are no longer a democracy, we are a communist state this will not end well
You lost a democratic election and now you appear to want violence to tear it down.
Really? The Democrats did this with Obamacare & almost 70% Americans were opposed. O rep votes. Do you think we are stupid w/no memories?
Since there were hearings for the ACA - 120 of them - yes, we think you're stupid.
Do you have any memory whatsoever? It was passed against the will of the majority of Americans, no rep votes, just before recess.
It's cool how you're talking about something Gillibrand never mentioned. Also how you don't note that a majority now wants it to stay.
What's their hurry?
And not true to our whole foundation of democracy, either!

#healthcarebill
And people will die! How do they sleep at night?!
Must've learned it from Dems...
Wsj reporting insurance companies sending out letters to those covered by ACA withdrawing by end of year. @POTUS44 @NancyPelosi owns that.
Impeach!
That is exactly how Obamacare was passed.  Hypocrite!
they would do this only if they believe they can't be hurt badly in future elections, gerrymander + vote suppression + Russia = perm GOP dom
You people have an excuse for everything! It's called reflection
"reflection" means you have an excuse for everything? Ok.
Just like 2009, isn't it?  Only difference is, you didn't complain then, did you?
Thats why we were there in your office  tuesday #preexistingcoditions #hearttransplantrecipient @American_Heart advocate @HVHeartAssoc
It's effectively legislative rape
Yes, its a shame Obamacare was passed on that way! (As was the NY Safe Act) YOU work for US, so get to work and stop the partisan politics.
THESE EVENTS COULD ACCUR IF THE BIBLE PROPHESY IS TRUE ;THEY ARE AWAITING TO HAPPEN!

THERE WAS ANOTHER PASSAGE IN THE BIBLE A DAYS WAGE FOR A LOAF OF BREAD !IT'S HYPERINFLATION ;THAT HAPPENS ONLY WHEN THE GOVERNMENT COLLAPSES

That's T.Irresponsible publicity hound while US suffers:no healthcare bill,no infrastructure bill, understaffed agencies in DC,no leadership
That is what you democrats did with Obama Care. You own this problem totally
Insurance was fine before obama
#showmethevision
...not to mention hypocrisy, a hallmark of the GOP and its "leaders". GOP is more pro-death than pro-life.
It Is The Height Of Corruption
Yes and irresponsibility does not seem to phase the Senate or the House .  Why are you still allowing this ignorant fool to embarrass us ?
Because you lost. Losers
Not really a healthcare plan as much as it a tax cut bill for the wealthy, that's why.
Where were you when it was done w/Obamacare. "Need to pass the bill to know what's in it" Pelosi is still struggling to read 2,000+ pgs
So, read it and be honest with us. So sick of your obstruction and lies.
Kind of like how you rammed the ACA through?  Grow up.
@SenGillibrand - What's irresponsible is you throwing the F- Bomb around! Don't go near the children, you can't be trusted.
This healthcare bill is 99999999x more transparent than Obamacare was. Funny how that works
SENATOR WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO RECOVER IT COULD CAUSE DOWNTURN IN THE MARKETS ;AND THE ECONOMY ;AS WELL AS THE GOVERNMENT !
Repubs have let their hair down and have shown the world who they really are. It's not good.
SENATOR  IF THEY TRY TO PASS THIS BILL WITHOUT OVERSIGHT  IT WILL BE FOOLISH ;AND CATASTROPHE! IF IT CAUSES THE REPERCUSSIONS THAT I PREDICT
The Fact that they are "Ramming it through" Proves they're afraid It wont pass because it's a piece of $%^it!
You did it, obama care, stop talking thru your butt
When's the vote?
You are absolutely right.  The government screwed up va and medicare for decades.  Obamacare was doomed from start.  Stay out of ins biz.
I think the words you are looking for are "Dick Move"..like..hay Mitch...dick move bro"...
THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT YOU DID.
Almost as bad as keeping ObamaCare or passing ObamaCare just to see what's in the bill.
Please just support medicare for all, people hate the ACA, it's not a winning message, just move on and support popular legislation.
Enough of the obvious,what r Dems actually going to do while the GOP steals our Democracy???????? Start a fight please!
Pls articulate ur aca fix in plain language that trumpfolk understand and start selling them deafening silence from the dem side about fixes
Like the Democrats did with Obamacare?
Dems took over a year and had tons of hearings.  None secret
Do you mean like ,we must pass the bill so we will know what's in it?(Nancy Pelosi)
Ramming that bill through conjures up something much more sinister than being irresponsible. #killthebill
It's legislative malpractice. Pl Call it what it is, Senator. You've been known not to mince words :-)

Irresponsibility is not the reason. $$$$ is the reason. Constit. Amend to limit campaign finance and lobbying is the only answer. No more bs
I heard on @NPR: several scenarios submitted to CBO; a Ted Cruz proposal is being floated; negotiations could take weeks. Hoping delay=good.
Please review what Jonathan Gruber said about the ACA. The only way it was going to pass was to lie to the American people. Show honesty.
Lie or not. At least they debated the ACA for more than a year and had a hearing on it! That is much more this these Repubs are trying 2 do.
Lie or not? Debate or not. It was a fraud. Gruber said the American people are stupid. And they had to lie to pass it. Geez.
