We cannot tolerate cuts to coverage and services at a time when addiction is tearing our communities apart #ProtectOurCare
AA and Na are free and have the best success rates.

nothing in the constitution requires the gov. To fund medical ins.  Whereas, firearms are a right. So the Feds.Need to buy me a guncorrect?
Thank you for your opinion - Have a great day!
Senator Gillibrand: I am extremely concerned with the fetish some congressmen have with Russia. Is anyone planning on addressing this?
Now THAT is a good tweet and just a beautiful use of the English language
Thanks
Not subject to Senate protocols, I can say it less slant: Trump would rather kill people, even lots, than disperse his corporate admirers.
Who exactly is he killing?
As you sit there blaming....very funny
The blame game goes WAAAY back! Check out Obama's blame game!
Says somebody who voted for disastrous Obamacare and hasn't been part of fixing the problem at all.
How can she, any other Dem?
Repub maj. leadership have locked them ou! They've had ZERO say.
ZERO.
Where have you been?
She has say... she says nothing but criticizing others on Twitter.  Let's hear it Sen.  Let's hear your solution to Obamacare disaster.
Full stop. This is projection and deflection at its finest. She constantly takes action, you prefer not to notice or acknowledge.
Nobody stops you from coming up with solutions to a problem you voted for. Stop the lame excuses & obstructionism. Fix your mess.
Repubs so fecking intent on killing ACA cuz the black mans name is on it.
Pathetic.
Agree.
Dems also need to stop blaming & start legislating. Provide solutions & make the GOP say no. Dems need to stop reacting & start proposing.
You want to shut down the right to protest against human rights violations, as long as Israel is the perpetrator. You are a cyst.
. @SenGillibrand @DCdebbie disappointing but not surprising
This is what happens when 8 years of spending $ we don't have occurs.  It is called balancing the checkbook....or for Obama..running presses
Apparently YOU are not interested either. Where are your ideas?
I vote in NY.  You are more interested in the blame game yourself - act like a US senator for once.
Why are you still disappointed? Of course he is.
It is "disappointing" to wake up every day wondering if the majority and *president* are going to succeed in taking away my insurance.
Cannot fix Obamacare. Help support never effort. Give Trump and co. Some of your positive thoughts on a better system. Be yourself. Do it!
its people in office like yourself that is STYMING the President's agenda. As you are NOT helping people!
Wow! Such righteous indignation. Since Trump took office all you have been doing is playing the blame game. Hypocrisy!
Too bad he is more interested in HELPING PUTIN than he is in HELPING AMERICAN Citizens.
He cares only for himself.
But are you surprised?
What have you done to improve healthcare for Americans?
The president is interested in not taking responsibility for anything (unless it's a win) and not being accountable or honest. #TrumpLies
Why do we need to improve it? Thought ACA was wonderful? Are you saying it's not?
Yet not at all surprising.
That's because he has nothing to offer to #WeThePeople. He came to the WH to grab a lot for himself, family and Russia.
Why is Congress letting this happen??? Does Trump have dirt on members to keep them unreasonable to the people?
Don't forget the VP, who keeps insisting on Twitter it is Congresses JOB to strip away MY healthcare!!!
I don't expect more, so my disappointment is nonexistent. If fact, I'm no longer shocked. I'm just waiting for the rain.
But are we surprised?
The blame game? perfected by Hillary. BTW what have you done?
It's very disappointing that no work can be accomplished by elected officials. Next election-new blood in New York.
That has been his M.O. for years ... sad but just another work around until 2018 and 2020. #Resistance #UniteBlue
It's pathetic!
What else would you expect from a man who's main focus is himself - how could his narcissistic infantile behavior result in anything else?
You only care about the old/sick. Completely ignoring the financial toll on young and healthy people.
It is disappointing to hear that you refuse to condemn an organization that supports a woman who murdered a police officer.
#Choices
#WhyWouldYouChooseTo
#ForceAmericansIntoInvoluntaryServitude ?
#DontYouKnowAnyBetter or
#AreYouIntentionally
#Violating13Amendment
Disappointing?  You democrats have been bragging about his crappy O care for years, it's the law of the land, you own it, not Trump, loser
The only thing disappointing is that house & senate leaders have no balls & wont repeal that crap o care.
Isn't that what you are doing? Oh sorry, you are doing nothing but complaining. Carry on.
Thank you for my lousy healthcare and ridiculously high premiums, keep up the lousy work.
@SenateGOP We have an OPM (Other Peoples Money) crisis in America. Americans are addicted to OPM. #RepealObamacare @SenateDems
He was never interested in our healthcare
Disappointing, but not surprising.
Your sour grapes are showing. You should be more interested in a viable solution and less about OBSTRUCTION!
Thank you, Senator, for calling things out as they are.
Oh didn't you hear? Trump is a 5 year old 
YOU ARE SO RIGHT SEN. GILLIBRAND. WE THINK YOU'RE LOOKING GOOD FOR 2020!! FINGERS CROSSED 
President TRUMP is putting the blame where it belongs  When you are working with spoiled rotten brats which Trump is, what more can you do?
Surely, u r not surprised.
Disappointing but not exactly surprising considering his petty, immature and mean-spirited character.
Disappointing, but not surprising.
What gave you the idea that he ever cared about anything more than himself and his family?
But not surprising.
The instinct to blame appears pathological. It's a symptom. Reality has nothing to do with it.
Thank you for your hard work, @Sen Gillibrand!  Donald Trump cares about no one but himself. We need a new president!
He's totally enamored with Putin! It's sickening!
What was the bill you sponsored to fix the ACA?
@MSNBC It may be disappointing but it shouldn't be a surprise. Especially to someone from NY having seen this character up close before
Disappointing, yes. Surprising? Hardly.
Good lord, if he ever tried to actually help anyone who didn't have a peepee tape of him I'd be utterly astounded.
2020
Thanx for your fortitude& commitment dealing w/children isn't easy?!!
Yup.
Not surprising though. His actions stopped being disappointing a long time ago. Not it's shocking when he isn't making a mess.
Hard to be disappointed in entirely predictable behavior.
That would require empathy of which he has zero
Not a shocker
Keep fighting
Well, this is @realDonaldTrump, thug in chief, who blames everyone for all his mistakes. God knows what he'll do to Fredo
And easily predictable
But not surprising.....
He's a douche.  
That's exactly what we are up against
'Disappointing' is very diplomatic. It's a crime against the people of this country. He'd rather watch us crash & burn than lose.
Typical
It's not just disappointing. It's trumps deplorable behavior regarding health care in America.
He obviously fails to understand that the job of the President is to *protect* the citizens who elected him.
You dems were very proud to shove your plan down our http://throats.You  bragged about it! It's all yours baby! All yours!
And how are you willing to improve healthcare for all Americans? STOP the spin G -  we can see right through it. #POLITICIANSALLLIE
Disappointing, not surprising!
Disappointing but predictable.
Disappointing is what both sides of congress has done to middle Americans since 1994 so pass the buck somewhere else
All nonsense, you knuckleheads run blockade against the President, high treason, tyranny. #DumpGillibramd
Can somebody in the #GOP please step up and let @realDonaldTrump know that he did not win popular vote and needs to work W/everyone.
How about you taking responsibility for where we are right now with Obamacare?
WTF have you Gillibrand and your party been doing the last 8 months, you're a liar and a hypocrite
actually, he's interested in the blame game & giving tax break to his friends while screwing the average person
Disappointing, sure, but hardly surprising: the blame game is his favorite game!!
But not surprising 
#you are gloating!
Sad and pathetic leader. Please get democratic leadership organized!
Proof that men are petty too.
It's his method of operation
He's not interested in anything fair and balanced!
Sorry darling, no blame game here. Democrats own the failing ACA.
You are a true creep. Not one NYer I asked about you today could find one positive thing to say about you. Lying witch.
Disappointing but not a bit surprising! That is his mantra-own nothing!
Disappointing but certainly expected. He does not take responsibility for his many failings and this is a failure on him.
More like horrified
Are any of surprised by his actions? Sadly no! Keep pushing @SenGillibrand @SenKamalaHarris @timkaine for what is right for all!
But not surprising.
Thank you for fighting for us. I rely on the ACA so much, grateful for your tenacity.
More than just disappointing. It's absolutely disgusting. One problem is that Dem leaders watch their words too much. Blast POTUS!!! The
Leslie..give it a rest..now..please..take 30 seconds..breathe..then exhale..you will feel much better.
Imagine those who voted for him with gritted teeth. They have been taken for a ride by this grifter. He is not a serious adult.
You honestly think our health care is in good condition it's terrible
Disappointing? Definitely. Surprising? Nope. He doesn't care about us - only cares about his inflated sense of self.
Why don't you work with the President
@realDonaldTrump  is all about the blame. Just like the #Manchild that he is. Heaven forbid he actually does some real work and listen.
He doesn't even understand the issues at hand- how can we expect him to competently participate in public discourse?
Don't tell me what was said to you. Tell me what YOU did. what did YOU do?
He wants to "cover ALL Americans" "won't touch Medicaid", " Gonna replace it with something terrific!" Did anyone really ever believe him?
It's no surprise though.
Nothing with 45 is disappointing, it is expected. #stillcluelessinwashington
It's also disappointing to hear why we didn't get #MedicareForAll in 2008 when we had supermajorities in the House and Senate.
Disappointing, but not surprising.
His lack of concern is reflection of his poor leadership skills. Sad.
"Disappointing to hear" is so polite. Yeah, that's not the phrase I'm going with today.
"You're messin' with the wrong guy, here." Please lock up this phony ass mobster. Now!
Enough with these anodyne, principal's office words. English is one of the world's richest vocabularies. Let's use it.
Indeed.
"Disappointment" number unknown!
No surprise given who Trump is.
Because it all about him instead of the people he was elected to represent
Love you Senator, but how could that man disappoint you.  You should totally know Trump as a leader is hopeless.
And golf #resist
Adults accept responsibility, especially when they are the so-called president.  Trump is not an adult; therefore, he is a juvenile.
Why are we still pretending trump might have motivations other than self aggrandizement
It's the only game he has ever been successful playing.  His base is made up of angry citizens who would rather shout than find improvement.
disappointing, but not surprising.
Presidency is about bringing together the people, and leaders within congress and house of reps. We must collaborate to prosper. #Valles2020
You have to fight back in the same manner, going high when they consistently go low will not win this struggle we've been in since the '70s.
It's just about the one thing he's skilled at, Senator
Senator GIlibrand, my heart goes out to Senate. I am sure it's very frustrating working with a bunch of 2nd graders (GOP)
@realDonaldTrump doesn't EVER take personal responsibility for any of his actions. My disappointment lies with his with his many supporters
Disappointed? This is all I expected from him.
It is all you commies fault anyway very
Disappointing. Noot surprising. Always disturbing.
Anyone surprised, really? He's not the least bit interested in the vast majority of Americans, not even the dull-witted 36% who still 
Shocked I'm sure
Disappointing? Do you not know who this turd is? It's his modus operandi
#RepealNoReplace #RepealNoReplace #RepealNoReplace #RepealNoReplace #RepealNoReplace #RepealNoReplace #RepealNoReplace #RepealNoReplace
Also disappointed to hear he's willing to let Am die
Its pretty much his M.O. For around the past 50 years or so
I find it odd that you expected anything different?
Playing a game w ppls lives &livelihoods is not a disappointment, it's more. He's a domestic terrorist hurting &intimidating to get his way
Not shocking though
You guys better have binders full of ideas that your going to wave around when the Dems start taking insane heat for the Reps failures
Sounds like dejavu to last 8 years unfortunately
I think we should become a New York-New England block, form a single payer system and be a model for this great Nation- #SinglePayer
ur kidding right --blame game ,give me a brake
Now all of a sudden it's President fault. You work for American people do your Job.
But not surprising. While Don Jr's actions are not, Don Sr.'s character has always been completely transparent.
He is only concerned with himself, never cared about Americans
It's disappointing we are not shocked by Presidents attitude any more
Where have you been? This is what he does best, blame everyone but himself. If he can't benefit financially he doesn't care. He has no plans
Trump blaming someone else?
Such a shock!
What have you done in the last 5 months but be an obstructionist and now you're trying to lay blame for OBAMACARE on GOP. UR a loser
But not surprising.
But considering this mans morals and ethics it is not unexpected. "SAD"
Disappointing that all my Senator seems to do is bash Trump...tweet more about what you're doing and less about what Trump is doing wrong

Disappointing and disheartening. He is only interested in taking Obama's name off of a bill and putting his name on regardless of cost to US
Yes. According to him, nothing is ever his fault. What a small, absurd man.
Why are you surprised?  He doesn't even understand the topic.
Disappointing but not surp
Lol Dems did nothing to help fix! You own it
He's a putz.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Mr President, start working with the senate and assist in Healthcare reform rather than wasting energy on blame
Playing the blame game is a lot easier than coming up w/solutions. Trump is too dumb to truly understand the intricacies of healthcare.
What solutions have the Dems come up with
They need to get behind Medicare for all.
Debra, 1st how would it be paid for? 2nd do you really want the government running your healthcare?
That's how he rolls, it's a national disgrace.
That's because he "didn't know how hard healthcare was."
