Meanwhile, her record on Medicaid suggests she'll make it harder for low-income Americans to get the care they need.
Verma is the wrong choice to run the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. I'll be voting against her nomination.
@gmachrisc Please vote against Gorsuch as well!
omg omg the affect of this Verma women is like a high school "mean girl"
Please stop supporting genocide. Abortion wounds one and kills one. Put LIVES ahead of Money, Senator. @SenGillibrand
since Abortion is now part of the establishment shouldn't the youth be protesting it-opposite of 60s
The left's pro-choice stance isn't rooted in anti-establishment feeling.  All about access.
in the 60s (eugenics) was has mushroomed-seems the Left just adopted all Hitler's ideology
20 years ago you had that option.  After my hubby's vasectomy I opted out. I only saves $20 a month.
Actually, Verma's comments are based on facts, whereas U R feelings aren't even worth paying attention to.
And your comments on gun control are extremely out of touch with how most Americans feel.
out of touch like your comments on firearms and silencers???
With 1.45 Billion kills (1.25 per/second) under belt, moms make ISIS look heavenly.  Watch real-time: http://www.numberofabortions.com 
The GOP cares for no one. Don't buy their con job when they say they're for working people/middle class. It's all BS.
The proven con job by liberal power structure is what people in US are just starting to wake up to-hopefully our selfishness wont derail it
wow. Ok.  So I get to pick and choose what I want.  I don't have kids so can I stop paying school taxes too
I'm all for that.
@ChelseaClinton well when u eat your young of course you don't need maternity leave

Wow a near $20,000 increase in potential maternity costs. Why have kids when you can't even afford the pre-care through delivery. BS
The electoral college in many cases was I. Violation of the rules and therefore ineligible  to cast votes. Start in N.D.
This tells you that @POTUS is not really serious about paid maternity leave. His cabinet appointees tell you his true policy.
look medicare part B has been cut since 2009 & was cut again in 2016. We pay for that & the Gov. takes it away. return the $$
@Jmdmd1Maurice Gee, another bad choice??? Who would have thought that even possible.
@ChelseaClinton @motherboard she's right! I dont need a plan w maternity care. instead of mammogrms I want ann skin checks
@ChelseaClinton @motherboard what country am I living in again??
this woman is a disaster. And a disgrace.
This is evil and inhumane. Please fight her all the way.
@ChelseaClinton @motherboard She said that the choice should be left up to the woman. How can anyone disagree with that?
Has she ever had a baby? Taken care of a sick one?
where does he find these people...you can tell she NEVER REPRODUCED....
@EdSkipper @motherboard
It's like saying, you can choose any car you want, then charging you $7,000 for a steering wheel.
Its too much to take anymore.  Everyday it gets worse.
@ChelseaClinton ANOTHER IGNORANT STAFF MEMBER WHY DOES HE NOT HIRE INTELLIGENT PROPLE?
@All100Senators @motherboard @SenBennetCO @SenCoryGardner This nom is another disgrace! If you vote yes, I'm taking ad in DP!
@ChelseaClinton @motherboard Easy to do when one has the option of handing over the baby to a nanny.
@ChelseaClinton @motherboard A war on women? Not pro-life. Can't have abortion or healthcare to assure healthy babies
@HMosatche @motherboard Again Trump expends energy seeking least informed, eligible, moral candidate - all toward what end?
@ChelseaClinton @motherboard  Are we surprised yet?
health care plan.
be able to afford it except the rich who are now getting richer thanks to more and more tax cuts including on the new..
so how should coverage be a choice? If they do this insur. comp. will raise the costs of coverage for this and nobody will ..
I am beginning to wonder if these idiots are from another planet! Almost every woman in the USA has a child at some point..
@ChelseaClinton I know isn't it shameful she a female treats women so disrespectfully. Expect it from a man.
The GOP plan is for women to give birth on the kitchen table w/a midwife, the health of the mother/child be damned.
@ChelseaClinton @motherboard Where does he find these oddball ppl to fill cabinet jobs? Yowza!
@ChelseaClinton Women will never use insurance for prostate, testicle, or impotence problems so let's make that disappear.
keep fighting for us
@ChelseaClinton Ok,they want to defund PPH, now cut maternity leave.Why is there's an attack on women's rights to Healthcare?
where did #45 come up with these people
@ChelseaClinton @motherboard does trump not know even ONE decent, moral person!
@ChelseaClinton Shocker!  Another Unqualified, Out-of-Touch, Clueless Trump pick...
@ChelseaClinton Seema Verma just another person who is standing on the shoulders of giants but is clueless smh
At least if Dems keep pointn this unfairness out they will be in position to reverse Trump's politics!
Agree. Please continue to oppose Verma. #USCitizen #NYResident
Before her suicide, Seema John, from India, was an NMSU MSc candidate specializing in computer programming.
Who bore this fucking animal? @motherboard
@ChelseaClinton @motherboard just another rich person that's clueless
What???Doesn't this contradict the Republican mantra of protecting the unborn? They're pro-birth not pro-choice.
They seem more like pro death than anything else @SenGillibrand @motherboard
Every single cabinet pick aims to do harm to the concerns their office is meant to protect. #foolsonthehill
@ChelseaClinton @motherboard so much has not been thought through here....
@ChelseaClinton @motherboard this is how u keep women out of good jobs and build in obstacles 2 equality. Why is ED covered?!
unacceptable! All health policies should have maternity care! Giving it to only those that want will make it unaffordable $$!
Her policy in IN: Pay monthly to access coverage. Miss payment? 6-month lockout from coverage. #Trumpcare isn't real care.
Totally despicable. Does she know nothing of the maternal mortality rate in this country? Please keep fighting for us.
your mom didn't reach out too young voters &african-Americans just the white middle-class

A
"It's up to women to make the decision that works best for them and their families."

That's what you find extreme?! Lol
What's extreme is your ignorance as to the repercussions of denying coverage for birth @SenGillibrand
Mat leave is partially self-funded in Canada through Unemployment Insurance premiums (50/50 self/employer).
@ChelseaClinton @motherboard Heaven forbid lefties let people can actually choose what insurance coverage they want to buy.
Mat leave or care during pregnancy?cover for care -if not used it doesn't cost anything. critically important
I am SICK of this being framed as "higher price tags" NO! It's literally life, death, bankruptcy, homelessness
It's the 'every man for himself' administration.
Absolutely ridiculous! 99% of American women most likely could not afford to have children without insurance.
@ChelseaClinton I guess #FamilyValues applies to what goes in in the uterus but not the aftermath??
what a witch!
GOP idea of choice reduces basic benefits and makes you pay more for real coverage ie."al la cart" vice entree @amjoyshow
@ChelseaClinton needed until they can't reproduce anymore. SMH! 
your moms" when they hit  you low hit them high"doesn't work for monsters like Trump and Hitler.
@ChelseaClinton Thank God I never got stranded there. Thank God I wasn't born there. I pity Ur poor.
@ChelseaClinton Girl Bye!  Women can get pregnant at any given time whether by choice or nefarious reasons, so coverage is
what do you expect from a president who is an admitted sexual predator. Your mom ran the worst campaign ever
@ChelseaClinton so no @PPact , contraceptives, or abortions but plan pregnancies carefully to coincide w elected coverage?!
Making America Great Again appears to mean making sure All Americans suffer except the rich.            Great Depression 2.0
This is so wrong.  Our most precious gifts left to enter this world without any kind of care?  Insane, DON'T give her the OK!
we all know how AGAINST "CHOICE" u R &how mandating things is right up ur alley. but lets try & see if works!
@MarkWarner  @timkaine   reject this nominee!
Keep resisting! You are the 2020 front runner in our household.
Oh my, this administration out of touch?  I can hardly believe it......
Out of touch and out of control!  #RESIST
How many Bafoons are we going to confirm?
where does he find these winners?
Right for almost ALL of Trumpf’s picks to lead our Country (including his family picks to “help” him).
