Because proud Americans would rather work hard than get a handout. Measure compassion by the number you get off assistance. This lost on Ds.
Walk into any bodega in NYC and you'll see able bodied people using SNAP cards - there is massive fraud attached to this system
Just because you're using SNAP doesn't mean you don't have a job or in some cases two. You are generalizing people for using FS.
Exactly. It might just mean your job(s) pay poorly because min wage is low or corps wants big $.
Or because of overregulation you can't get a job that pays more than minimum wage
Because of overregulation? Who fed you that B.S.? Wanna provide a valid source?
Obamacare for 1 - the 30 hour rule was a job killer - any EPA regulation under Lisa Jackson - 2 - btw no one feeds me anything
These are not sources. Provide links to information? EPA protections are life savers.
They should get a job.
But the billionaires among us are suffering. They have to pay TAXES. It's inhumane.
Suppose you are marching June 11th with NYC bomb maker FALN terrorist Oscar L Rivera, your guy I spy on all Hussain Obama pardoned-Pathetic
What about the thousands of people who work at Walmart who depend on food stamps to eat?
They should get a better job.
And DY broken campaign promises on medi care/acid and health care that you pull this shit. DT burned if any holy water touched him today.
You AND your office is filled with hypocrites. When someone I knew needed help and contacted your offices (both local and D.C.), no1 helped.
The authors of these cruel and devastating program cuts have dehydrated hearts.
I guess the whole GOP just gave a giant middle finger to Jesus. The GOP is evil
Probably because it's horribly abused!!  I've been behind people buying steaks and bottled root beer on food stamps while I buy generic
Becuase they are unsuccessful businessmen who care nothing for civil service
we need to keep these important safety nets intact
And the claim to be good Christians - apparently that is only if the benefit directly. #VoteThemOut2018
Jesus NEVER said "become socialist and claim your neighbors pay, if you REALLY need it"
Luke 6:30
We get taxed to death  so generations  can live off the system ..you don't  work  you don't  eat
We need more  jobs  less hand outs,too many able-bodied  people  taking  the lazy way out while  I work 60+ hours a week so they can sleepin
An example of fraud, but he's doing it leagaly. The system has to be fixed, the right people get help they deserve.
Trump and ryan can. They hate poor americans. Want to give nothing. More for the rich, with this outdated trickle down theory.  Proved wrong
When the talk was about accepting Syrian refugees, the right was screaming "we need to take care of our own people FIRST". Yea well...
Please run in 2020. You have my full support!
All he cares about is money
The intent is to help those individuals get OFF gov't assistance instead of a life of dependency. Give them a fish or teach them how to fish
Because it's a severly abused program that needs to be overhauled. Cuts needed.
Govt politicians never suggest cutting their pay, only to those who needs things the most. I can't understand how politicians sleep at night
GOOD QUESTION! Keep asking, for all of us!
How can you care so little for the most vulnerable among your upstate constituents that you don't act to save jobs or combat heroin spread?
How can you care so little for the most vulnerable among us that you aren't insisting on welfare reform & prevention of fraud waste & abuse?
How can you care so little about the most vulnerable among us that you support laws requiring nuns to pay for abortion? #1stAmendment101
If a program has become bloated (doubled in size from pre-recession and proven billion dollar fraud) plus recovered economy its still a cut?
Um, you didn't get the memo, right? The poor are the only people the @GOP and @realDonaldTrump hate more than people with disabilities.
Senator, these cuts will kill my daughter. Her Medicaid bill last year was over $292k! It's her only insurance. I want to share her story
It's not a cut it's a slowing down of the growth
Not the most vulnerable among us Kirsten. How about the people who refuse to seek employment and play the system.
Simple. Biological DNA is genetic. Moral DNA is cultural. The people doing this have inherited defective moral DNA from their cultures.
Its frightening and disheartening to realize the vast number of GOP reps have feigned interest in serving America. They exist w/o honor.
The silver spoon in their mouth bypasses the empathy nerve.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/05/23/its-not-just-programs-for-the-poor-trumps-budget-calls-for-vast-changes-to-government/ …
It's a horrific, frightening budget for all but the wealthiest. Even requires disabled people to return to the work force. #cancersurvivor
I got very sick after my child was born.  I'm disabled now.  My child is sick too! We rely on this to survive.  How is this happening to us?
@TheDemocrats @realDonaldTrump he rather the da..poor die & disappear leaving him & the rich 2 bath more in profits!
I don't think you understand economics
We are spending way to much for this program and the fraudulent activity is very large.
Because Trump does not care for anyone but himself
And as usual from the Republican Party a budget to benefit only the wealthy screw the other 99%
How can you not come up with a plan to address our debt of 20 trillion?
Uh...he's a monster.
I thought the states were going to take care their own medicaid/snap programs includ. SSI.
Because every time I'm behind a food stamp person in the checkout line, they are getting to eat much better than me.
This is how, you elect a POTUS with no morals, no sense right and wrong; a sociopath, trading away your moral high ground and integrity.
Awful
This is a program rife with abuse and fraud. Pandering hypocrite.
19-25 billion for paid parental leave would be better spent on the "most vulnerable" among us don't you think? Can't have it all.
What a monster !! There will be bodies clogging the streets. The Veterans, Eldery, Children. Heck let's throw in a puppy. The humanity
How can you and @SenSchumer continue to spend our children's future? At what point do you say stop spending? Will you ever?
The primary responsibility of Fed gov't is national defense. Time to get back to what Founding Father's intended
Why do progressive Billionaires donate all their money to help the poor and the rt gives their money to change policies to deny the poor?
They really do not care it does not effect them or their families.
This proposal just made me so sad. Who are we, what are we becoming??
And how can you be so stupid as to decimate the safety net BUT make sure that all those starving people have guns?  What could go wrong?
@anconl16 Because the Kochs & the Mercers & Paul Ryan SAID SO.
Another corrupt politician pointing the finger, can follow Cuomo and Shumer out..
Because there is lot's of #FRAUD in it!
Maybe because there happen to be a LOT of able bodied people collecting it who shouldn't be.
Keep fighting for us
NY resident and NJ anti-hunger advocate. Thanks for always fighting on behalf of these programs. #endhunger #SNAPmatters
And how can they destroy Medicaid for chronically frail children & adults with #disabilities/specialneeds - keep fighting @SenGillibrand
Let's see the need 4 food stamps lesson through lack of need . Decent paying jobs !
#HowCanYouKeepOverspending
#YourMultiTrillionIncome and
#DumpingYourDebtAbuse on
#AmericanChildren for their 
#InvoluntaryServitude
#SoBad
Just his little way of thanking the folks who voted for him..
I'm truly worried for the future of the country I am leaving to my children.

#Resistance 
#TRUMPSUCKS
The "pro-life" party. What a sham. They are, in reality, the valueless party.
I used to think it was greed, but now I think they are too ignorant to understand that a big underclass is a liability, not an asset.
#ThisIsTheGOP
GOP hatred of the sick and poor knows no bounds.
Senator please tell us what you would cut ?? Wait you have no answer
The freebies are over for the clueless. There is plenty for those that need help. @retireleo
A program that is abused and given out to thousands that wouldn't get it if truths were told meanwhile the elderly aren't helped enough.
Nonsense...

#RightWingAlternateReality
Because he has no clue. When you've been brought up like he has  they truly have no idea
How about NYS not being a sanctuary, which will open jobs. Where in Constitution says gov't to feed the masses
Why don't you  do something to provide more & better jobs so people don't need  food stamps.
Sounds like a democrat. Government CREATES jobs? No. Just chaos
Tweeted that because she does nothing but complain. Never does anything for her constituents
Maybe because too many are on it that take advantage of the program. #NYS #welfarecapital
Give it a rest sister - people need to learn to fend for themselves
Maybe you should try to survive on minimum wage for a few months... See if you feel the same way

#HaveSomeCompassion
#Proverbs22:9
I have - didn't like it and did something about it - you?
Yep, we were on SNAP for 10 mths when my wife give birth, then lost her job. 

It saved us and MOST cases are like ours, not system leeches.
@realDonaldTrump you are hurting the same people you promised to help. #shame
What are you attempting to do to President Trump, force him to cut back on gold toilets? #unfair
Clever!! Hee hee!
Practice?
Because he has no understanding of people in need/have fallen on hard times. Please lead, Kirsten. Dems need a leader. Make it you.
Understand she is not a leader, a follower, a panderer, a parrot......but not a leader
It represents a complete disregard for the economic evidence that these types of programs actually provide the country with a high ROI
Show me one
Behold the pale horse: whose rider is Death, & whom Hell follows; & power is given to them over 1/4 of earth, to kill . . . & w/ hunger....
is WIC a NYS program or federal? Is that affected as well
Have you ever walked right up to mitch mcconnell and asked him exactly that?
Your problem GillaBrandy is you have huge 'guilt' complex because of easy life so can't relate to life like mine where I had to work to eat
Because in his mind we are all drug-users with 15 kids not hard working people who have full time jobs
Your outrage speaks for you and your idealism. That's why we need you to help rebuild society when the rule of law will have been restored.
I agree completely. They have black hearts or no hearts.
P.S. My son, Ryan, babysat Theo when he interned done D.W.
People buy cheese doodles and Pepsi with food stamps, is that good?
And milk, lettuce, real cheese, fruit, frozen foods, bread, ... 

What the fuck is your point?
Because the most vulnerable are Trump/Putins human sacrifices of war. Make NO mistake Trump is at war with America bcuz America caught him.
Completely agree.  Thank you for your advocacy!
not a cut it's a slow down in growthWhen I see a people using food stamps while on their iPhone & driving a nice car I'm done
He is a. Republican, remember! They thrive on human pain. They invented Schadenfreude !!!
                 They are and 
Let's start teaching people how to take care of themselves to decrease their dependence on food stamps.
How about let's try to be sure they can earn a living wage and not need help. Walmart f/t employees need aid.
Reagan's welfare queen. I hear about her all of the time from conservatives I know.
They think the money is wasted because they have no idea on who it's actually spent on
ooh I know.. 'cause it isn't only the "most vulnerable" using programs it is abuse by many. cutting will ensure those who need it get it
If they would go out and get jobs, they wouldn't need food stance. Just part of the entitlement society.
he has no empathy, even an analysis of his handwriting says so!
Those  age between 18 to 64 healthy adults will have to meet work requirements to receive benefits, a big step forward to curb welfare abuse
We need to gut the GOP. And they need to know we're going to gut them.
Watch this new documentary to learn the background to #TrumpRussia scandal: "The Dubious Friends of Donald Trump"

https://youtu.be/hdZ-RbL7pmw 
I have a feeling he has no clue as to what's in the budget. Betting Paul Ryan & the rest of the gamg are responsible
We must stop expecting evidence of humanity and cease efforts at suasion. The only path: win back power and stop being afraid to use it.
That will never happen, people have awoken to what the democrats want,  y do u think dems have lost the Senate, governorship and white house
Run for President...you already got my vote 
I'm going with "Because you're a Republican"?
Medicaid and food stamps are safety nets, not lifestyle. California alone has 12 million in Medicaid , cost up more than 400% since 2010.
It's weird right? We r talking about food mostly for CHILDREN!
That's you darling.
.@SenGillibrand Don’t whine about it. Get your lobbyists to handle the hungry.
Thank you, @SenGillibrand !  Trump's budget is heinous, selfish, destructive. @FCNL
The entire thing is an abomination
Obamanation.
Food stamps for everyone. One nation feeds all
Steve King called them "other people's children"
You forgot #MedicAid, #CancerPatients, #Disability, #Housing, #Education, #YouKnowPoorPeople
You mean caring about people who can't care for themselves?

Yes, Democrats are like Jesus in that way, thank you..

#Proverbs
#Matthew19:21
What was the first indication that some of your colleagues were monstrous? It must make one feel existential dread.
Because he's vile
Like the Tinman, no . Like the Scarecrow, no brain. Like the Lion, no courage. Like the Wizard, nothing special behind the curtain. Ugh.
Say it with me everyone!  Because their Republicans!!!
Republicans want to keep babies from being aborted only to let them starve in childhood
It's like Mr. Potter from Its a Wonderful Life is calling the shots.
Bingo!!
They've got all those rich people to protect. You know-the ones who pay them so much!
Funny thing. Most of the billionaires and other wealthy people tend to be democrats.
Cutting the budget on the backs of the people who need medicaid the most   asks the question blatantly, is the govt for and of the people?
For whatever it's worth, the founding fathers would have NEVER permitted our tax dollars to be used for charity.
Why shud I pay for them to eat ice creem and prosperous
Are you being sarcastic or is this a joke?
Because what more could the Russians hope for to destabilize our country?
The funny thing is you're still dumb enough to believe in the Russian thing
I defended this great country! The only ines trying to destroy it are the Dems! Chasing Russian ghosts instead of admitting the failure
I served this country ! You sit and whine!
