The White House told Planned Parenthood its federal funding could stay if abortions go. The group refused. http://nyti.ms/2lPs7B7 
Planned Parenthood will never waver in their commitment to providing a full range of reproductive health services for women and men. Never.
Rest assured that I, and millions of women and men across the country, will stand up for the healthcare we deserve.
ABORTION is NOT healthcare - you stand in favor of slaughtering infants in the womb? @SenGillibrand
It is healthcare. It is a medical procedure
Being Prolife is an infinitely more positive worldview. You should try it.
If that is so, why are you fighting for the opposite?? Abortion HARMS women and KILLS the life they carry within, period. @SenGillibrand
Planned Parenthood does 0 reproductive health care, 0 prenatal, they just abort life. We need to defund now.
Keep your religious beliefs away from my body. Ever heard of separation of church and state?
you're body , what about your baby's body?
Well, that's not any of your business, is it, now?
It is your babies business & paying for PP is my business That said I don't want to fund a murder machine via tax
PP is funded via reimbursements from Medicaid and title X, which don't cover abortions, except in extreme circumstances-
-like rape, incest and danger to woman's health. You can rest easy knowing your tax $ just go to preventive care and health ed.
No doubt the same @HouseGOP *men* w/ a "...from my cold dead hands!" attitude re: #PDE5inhibitors, yet refuse #WomensRights?! @SenGillibrand
How much money R they giving ur campaign? No mammograms no prenatal care mostly abortions, 887 a day that's ⅓ of nation's total abortions!
abortion is not reproductive care its murder
It's wrong to lie, especially about something as serious as murder and health care.
but what if they fail to prepare for the fight
Thank you!
@sweetnonnie Ignore & block trolls. It drives them nuts.
and Universal Health Care good enough for you and your Senate buddies you gave it to yourselves now give us some YOU OWE US
RUSSIA. if u all focus on Russia, he will be impeached n unable to enact crazy policies!!
How exactly is Abortion reproductive?
Cool, pay for it without my money (which is fungible).
so murder is reproductive care?  Look up #oxymoron #abortion
Jeez what a bunch of total immoral low life's you have in government.
safe for whom? you want to allow babies to continue to be killed. Who fights for THEM?
More babies? Who will pay for them, educate, etc? Trump? No healthcare. Dirty planet. Misery everywhere.
yes, of course. BUT-you should focus on measures to stop Trump!! He is taking us to all kinds of disasters! Help!
no more federal funding for abortions!  Great, reproductive care implies that the mother reproducing not aborting.
I am one of your constituents and #IStandWithPP. Keep up the fight for women's rights
@nytimes Deserve?
yet you and colleagues exempted yourselves from the #ACA  why is that?
give them hell along with Shumer, Bernie & all the other dem hero's,,!
and you deserve to pay for it, my insurance doesn't pay for reproductive care and it shouldnt
@gabiwrites
@jilnotjill thank you for your principled stance on this-- and for working to save women's lives!
Are you implying that killing a pre-born infant is SAFE?? How is the life of a child being snuffed out "safe"?
There's nothing safe about abortions that you call "reproductive care", at least one person dies. What's safe about that?
thank you. I live in NYC and I’m scared of losing healthcare and I’m glad that you are on our side in this
WE KNOW THATS CODE FOR FREE AND FREQUENT ABORTIONS
you are so right... Match 14 is birth trauma awareness day. Let's talk about what happens to women who try to deliver in usa
@nzs23 So DJT is now using 'bribery' within policy to achieve compliance! Don't let him get away with it; fully support you.
Hope the weather is nice this spring
For all the people in the streets!
This is appalling but I'm glad to have a defender of Planned Parenthood as my senator. Keep fighting!
we're in the constitution do the words healthcare exist   You might want to read it
@nytimes @maggieNYT Why don't you just say it out loud? PP is an abortion factory and you love it and will fight for it 4ever
#HeroRep pls continue to #StandWithPP
@nytimes Please Please Fight until there is no energy left!
Trying to impose their religious beliefs on all is dangerous and unAmerican fight resist expose their hypocrisy denying ACA
You are the ONE. We desperately need your character, ethics and mind. Best choice the Governor ever made! You will be 46.
Thank you for fighting this.
You can get all the reproductive care you want.  just don't expect me to pay for it.  Let them use your insurance. #share
I thought you said you can't afford insurance?
I can't afford it for my family but you would love for me to pay for yours...no thanks.  #payyourownway
Quite the opposite. I can afford healthcare for my family and I'm willing to pay taxes so that everyone can afford it.
That's where we differ...I have no desire to pay for your refugees and illegal immigrants so my children have to do without.
Uh... (1) holy cow that's a lazy strawman, (2) single-payer is actually cheaper for everyone, so you'd save money anyway.
As much as I appreciate your condescending tone, I believe all liberals like you should sponsor these people draining our system.
I'm not sure what you're on about. This thread is about Medicaid money, none of which goes to the groups you mentioned.
#StandStrong @PPact Women deserve nothing less! #WhyIMarch
Don't worry. Once you give birth to your unwanted child whose healthcare you can't afford, you'll get a few weeks off of work
abortion is not birth control..
it's not all about abortion. Women's health care !!!!!
@nytimes Not my tax dollars going to that abortion profit center. I look forward to the DISCUSSION, not fight.
thank you for not compromising!
When you're president you could make sure everyone gets it. But you have to run for president first! Please run for POTUS!
I'm expecting the fight of the century, from Dems,  in the Senate over this abomination of a health care bill.
'm not sure why we're discussing anything but the manchurian president & his manchurian administration tbqh
Cutting social services that would help kids and parents across the nation is murder.
Denying access to all forms of reproductive health care is murder.
.@SenGillibrand I stand with @PPact and I'm glad you do too!
.@SenGillibrand We deserve nothing less than the full range of health care provided to us by Obamacare.
I wish we had universal healthcare for all. President Obama had the chance and should have fought harder for it.
I agree that universal healthcare is the best option but not sure Obama could have won that war.
Viagra et al should be restricted and unpaid the same day men roll back women's contraceptive rights or coverage.
