Next to you our president is a saint.
@SoulMamaSays
are you trying to tell me something?
Run, girl, run! #TheFutureisFemale
tried that already. After 45 years of working hard and voting fbi threw it all away because dont like pants suits. You let us down
How is KG responsible for Comey?
she allowed clinton to be smeared without any evidence. And if she doesnt fix it quoick the same thing is going to happen to her.
I am!
I always do!
And,
I ran!
Much respect and admiration to all of you for speaking truth to power, and putting your ideas and words into action as well 
Didn't you advocate for Sen Franken to resign? Isn't your party now changing their mind? They were following your leadership when you asked him to resign, and now they are taking it back? Did some new info come out, or do you only care about women when an election is on the line?
You have my vote and support. I'm a long time supporter.
Well... they might, and not to your liking.
If you don't change your position on abortion, God is going to judge you. Make no mistake! Abortion is murder! A woman does not have the right to make a decision over someone else's life whether they're carrying them or not. Carrying a child is a sacred responsibility.
And boy have they changed for Democrats in the last 8 years. Guess Repubs have run, voted and advocated.

Thank you for the advice. Can't wait to vote you off of the @SenateFloor because you are a @SenateDems ideologue and a fraud.
nazi traitor pedophile fbi gestapo picks the president in this country. fix that first.
And if you think that filing a protest vote is a smart thing to do - well, look at what happened.
If you don't vote out career politicians, things won't change.
Oh it changed - things got worse! 
Trump's new tax plan will cost 7.2TRILLION in 10 years, 40 TRILLION by 2036 !!!! WAKE UP AMERICA !!!!!
I am considering running for office but not sure what. I vote and that may be what made me so angry in November. We need to stay vigilant!
Absolutely. We took that advice to heart. My friend Dr. Christine Mann is running for #TX31!  Pls rt https://pwdp.org/candidates-to-support …
what does me exercising have to do with the state/future of the country?
Working together and for one another brings about change. You keep going everyone's service matters. Thank you for yours.
I did 5 years ago you people still haven't paid any attention.
I don't believe voting matters, if it did we would have had a better selection than Hillary and Trump....i do vote tho.
If you don't enforce the Constitution and impeach Trump, things won't change.
If you keep voting for turds like this one, things won't change.
Resist and Persist!!
We have the advocates. What we need is DNC leadership. The DNC needs to help those of us in the field turn the Senate blue in 2018.
@vesselofpeace please stop preaching and do something...
@vesselofpeace
What do you think of the bombing in Afghanistan? Are we edging closer to our own annihilation? ISIS will roar back with even more vengeance.
Dear Congresswoman- please have this man impeached.  He's colluding with Russians and he's desperate to start a war.
ditto! Let's wake up and get Trump out of WH
If @TheDemocrats don't start supporting progressive candidates, things won't change. Take the example of @jamesthompsonks @berniesanders etc
Truth.
Please encourage #Impreachment proceedings to get started before WW3 gets started. I thought wars had to be approved by congress. #Resist
Free MARIBELL..NO DEPORTATION!!!
So say we all!
Yes Senator!  Ride this wave with us!!!
I'd love to run in NY-19 against Faso but I'd be dismissed as a zany, liberal professor. I did consider county government, though.
Agree, Senator.  I would add that if we don't address voter suppression and suspect machines...  things won't change.
Thank you.
If you don't work with people things won't change. You can't continue being an obstructionist and act like a spoiled child
Gillibrand 2020 needs to start trending!
That's what we are trying our best to do - thanks for the inspiration as always!
We are with you!
Pleas don't run!
You can only change what you engage. Thanks
With ya 100%.  Hope this is foreshadowing your run for POTUS 20/20!  We need YOU!  A leader.
Thank you for advocating for all of us in New York State. Keep up the great work! We're proud to have you as our senator.
Not to sound corny, Senator, but you're one of those keeping my hope and faith alive that we will get through this.
Is Gillibrand2020 going to be a thing?
https://twitter.com/TrueFactsStated/status/852551872741244928 …
Agreed. Please support single payer and stop taking money from corporate lobbyists.
Absolutely we need a health plan like the VA which is our example of a single payer health care. We need more of that!
If the Democratic Party doesn't get their act together, things won't change.
If you do become an advocate you watch Syrian children die by chemical attack, terrorist Iran get nukes, Russia take Crimea, Europe overrun
Absolutely! See http://goodwinforlacey.com  An up & coming young woman running v. a trumpstee.
I hope that means you're gonna run.  Don't talk about it, be about it. You in #2020.
I wish you'd run...away.
Seems tough w/all dark money/superpacs/negative campaigning out there. I'm smart/articulate/well educated but shady stuff would get to me.
I voted Remain. Things got worse
Or...you can realize that meddling in Others' Lives using Others' Money usually makes things worse
And if you keep listening to Democrats, things won't change.
Please run for Prez in 2020!
If you always do what you've always done, you'll always get what you always got.
If you don't investigate Russia impacting elections, and stop it, things won't change!
Yes, we need more investigations of Russia. Funny though, if it was true, you would think someone would have leaked the evidence by now.
Run. In. 2020. Please!!
#Resist #Insist #Persist #Enlist
My concern is with gerrymandering and our votes NOT counting.
Fostering civic engagement w/today's youth is the catalyst to change, We're the future activists,. advocates, disruptors & office holders.
I'm committed to doing two out of three.
McConnell to sure about midterms. Until election fraud is fixed it won't make a dam if we vote – at Chucky Cheese
Yes, yes and yes!!
You and Kamala Harris must be America's co-presidents in 2020. Trump must be stopped.
Wow! You picked a couple of real winners.
If you don't run for president in 2020, things won't change.
Positive spin on same tweet:
If we advocate, things WILL change!
If we vote, things WILL change!
If we run, things WILL change! 
#TheResistance   All of this illegal stuff has been uncovered 9 of the Russians Identified in this truputin have been killed.  P 1
I did vote, things did change and this NYer is happy! Take note, Senator, Republicans vote.
Yes, making poor choices (45, really?!) and frequently voting against your own interests. Not sure those are things to be proud of.
You need less biased news sources. Try illegal border crossing down 60%, more jobs, renegotiating trade deals, returning states rights, etc.
Still at the starting point
Kristen, Any Suggestions for democratic think tanks?
Well said!!'...Must take into consideration that many fair of becoming a martyr. Religous rhetoric on the rise, entering dangerous times..
Thank you. 
If the DNC only supports “favored” candidates, they won’t win.
We must change
