Oh, come on. It defies belief that women politicians are somehow globally better than male counterparts. Judge them on their own merits.
The point isn't that men or women are better, but that the govt should be representative of its people. Shocked this is controversial tbh
If neither men nor women are better than the percentage in office is irrelevant. No matter the composition of who they represent.
If neither California nor Louisiana are better, then it shouldn't matter if all our senators are from California?
Again, the point isn't what's "better". Men have unique issues, women do too. They should be represented in govt by people who understand
I fundamentally disagree that men & women have "unique issues" before the federal govt.
So men completely understand women's health issues and will easily act in our best interest because there are no "unique issues"?
Imagine if people would just hire the best person for the job instead of looking at gender.........true equality they call it.......
Pretty sexist IMO. What does your gender have to do with getting anything done?
And if 50% of white women had voted for Trump instead of 54%- Hillary would have won- Dirty secret of white female voter and republicans..
So suppose we had 50% women in congresss, but  all of the women were conservative women it would ok as long as they have vaginas?
Wow! Most men replying to this seem very defensive, almost Trumpian, and glass half empty.
I'm glad I'm not the only one that noticed.
Umm ... No, I can't #whatiswrongwithyou
Do svidaniya, Russian troll!
Once, when I was scared to drive on a long trip alone at night, my friend said to imagine all the other cars with women in them. No fear!
Wow. That exposes some profound truths about patriarchy and violence.
Respectfully disagree. I believe it exposes Kim and her friend's biases toward men. No reason to believe ur any safer on an all-women road.
Uh, thanks for playing #mansplaining bot. Your prize awaits you behind the block door.

I'd imagine you'd be a bit mad if the reverse was said ;)
You have an issue with women, who are more than 50% of the population, wanting to control 50% of the political seats? Really?
Of course not lol. I meant the quote. I have no issue with women in power.
I don't think it was a dig @ men. Just women seem to be working across the aisle in this senate. Never the less, women persisted! lol
It was a dig at men & if you're honest, you know it is. Why is it so hard to make a perfectly reasonable point and leave it at that?
It wasn't a dig at men. Feel marginalized? So has every woman. #TheFutureisFemale
Thank you.

Yo...tons of you females voted for #45 anyway. Soooo not so sure you can be trusted either. You were real catty for not voting for Hillary.
More strong & nasty woman need to run to plan on taking no prisoners but remaining professional...You and Kamala!!???
Is 42 too old to start out?
Sad that it's just a dream! It's 2017 and 2 women and 1 man saved healthcare for America
YUP!
Wouldn't it be great if whoever was hired for the job regardless of gender- just did the job properly and stopped playing games.
We would not have a p***  grabbing. Alternative fact telling President
https://twitter.com/neanderthalyt/status/891787899741630464 …
This is Not out of the realm of possibility

Imagine how many men will get all fucked up about this tweet.
Women no different then men. There are good and bad in both sexes. This was a discriminatory comment. Yes I am a woman
what a sexist statement-for real? maybe the women should start acting unlike a woman and more like a level headed unemotional citizen!
Bad bot.
And not sexist at all...
LIB morons-look up defin of sexist KG's statement IS sexist! get a dictionary or be blocked-
It's silly to paint this as a gender war. Yes. Half Congress should be women, but that's *not* a panacea. How about more than 2 parties?
No. Half the population is women so half the congress should be women.
No. Women don't automatically get in because they are half population unless voters vote them into office.
NO ONE SAID WOMEN AUTOMATICALLY GET IN JUST BECAUSE THEY ARE WOMEN! WHY ARE PEOPLE SO TRIGGERED BY THIS !
uh bud you just said that
You don't have reading comprehension. See? Triggered. Just take a second to think about it.
But there just aren't enough competent women running for political offices, like Hillary for example
she's the least competent person to run for a political office in a long time
Imagine if we just elected the most qualified people and didn't base that on gender, race, creed, or sexual preference.
Yes, it's a real shame that white men have had 100% affirmative action for so long.
Now imagine if those women wore only lingerie! Now we're getting some legislation done! Boom!
there is hope for america yet.  also when the old die off, that will help too
No Kidding! I've always thought men were overrated as leaders.
Yeah what u are saying is about as sexist as you can get.. and then for that to work you would have to get rid of all the conservative ones
There are bad male polticians & bad female polticians .

Just bful at U2 yesterday 
That, unfortunately, is what they fear.
The world would be a kinder place and much better run. But we must remember Michelle Bachman and Sarah Palin are women too. Not a panacea
What's stopping them? They need to get elected.
Look north  https://www.google.ca/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://amp.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/04/canada-cabinet-gender-diversity-justin-trudeau&ved=0ahUKEwiQg8_X17LVAhWmjlQKHaFOBfIQFggpMAQ&usg=AFQjCNHZcz0PS5hVI36onnbsyDVI6UHxrA&ampcf=1 …
GOP women are just as toxic as GOP men.
Two Republican women just saved country from repeal of ACA. I don't understand how any woman can be GOP, but clearly, they're not as bad.
Two. another 20-30 million of them voted for trump. Don't get lulled into a false sense of security bc of two.
That's not a false sense of security, that's a reflection of a) what just happened and b) the ability of GOP and Dem women to work together.
To repeat, I don't know how any woman can be a Republican, and I will never vote for any gender of Republican.
I vote for who will represent my district and the needs we have.I have voted across party lines many times. Being qualified is important.
한국사회의병폐!치유도 여성의힘으로 공직은 출세직이 아니다.서어비스직이며봉사직이다.
여성의교감능력를 믿는다.인간의탐욕이 여성도 있다 그러나 치유가빠르다 함께잘살수있다는 믿음이 크다.
사랑과배려의 공직문화가 펴져 따뜻한사회,미소가있는사회 누굴위해 자녀들에
You'd probably find women are just as corruptable, greedy and self-serving as men but anythings worth a shot.
Woah! But what if all of them were conservative women? Would you still be cool with that?
Politicians are politicians. At the end of the day, it's just about the money.
@DWStweets is in Congress. I believe she's a woman. So's #Pelosi and #FeinsteinVote 4 their Progressive opponents @David4SenateCA
It's not about women, WOC or reflecting our people it's the Almighty Dollar. Schumer & Pelosi aren't leaders in anything except fundraising.
Exactly,$$ and perks.Lifetime pay that each year could support a half dozen families if not more.Let's pay them by the hour!Give Obama ins.!
How hard would a 50 state ballot initiative to pay pols min. wage, take away their retirement & health insurance be to executed in 2018?
There would be peace on Earth by Thursday. :)
And on Friday, we'd still have to the laundry, the shopping, pick up the kids, and make dinner.
not to come across totally defensive, but it's not a good idea to generally group "all" of anything in to one group. not all men are dicks.
Um most men are. But even in 50/50 households women are still the glue that holds it together. And they are still doing more work.
not sure what you're running for, homecoming king maybe, but if you bothered reading upstream tweets, maybe your enlightenment will kick in.
HahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahHHHHHHahahaahahahahahahahhahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
@AndyRichter sorry but 100% women split 50% republican and 50% democrat will still only get 100% of nothing done.
Not true. Women are generally more collaborative, perhaps due in part to societal conditioning.
Have you SEEN the way women are toward each other?
if only all the women were like @nikkihaley @PressSec and @KellyannePolls YES! Our government would kick ass.
SEXIST
I'm an old white guy but I say let's have 100% women for a decade and see where we are then, because old white guys ain't getting it done.
Chris, 
I can imagine what wouldn't be done, also. A #parity Congress would NEVER contemplate depriving millions of Americans of health insurance.
56%

Women are 56% of the voting population.  We should be equally represented
THAN VOTE FOR THEM. No one is ceasing power from women. The people vote on representatives they choose. Some of which happen to be women.
I think more women need to run for office. And this year has woken many.
Nothing women are always over thinking things and can never make up there dam minds.
The same stuff that gets done now.
Unless you're claiming women are better?
...
How sexist are you precisely?
Visualize it, Bless it, trust Universe will deliver! "Women Win majority seats in Congre$$" saw it 1st Here!
Who cares?  We need diversity & respect for all in our government not this old Evangelical Christian white mans club.
Need women in congress to help as bipartisan coalition to write and deliver health care for America. Old white men have failed America.
Yes because being a woman is the only qualification that you need 
Women like THIS???
59 yr old white male here and I've been saying that about women for years.
White knight complex
98/100 best chefs in the world are men, only 2/100 women. Does anyone stops women from being a top chef, or maybe they are not so good in cooking.
Imagine if people were elected based on meritocracy instead of having a vagina. Also, you want to see countries where women are in charge, then take a look at the wonderful situation of women in Germany, where the Sharia law will soon be implemented.
Not much. If they are as unwilling to work with Trump like you.
Imagine what could get done if women stopped whining about quotas and started focusing on actually being good at what they do! Boggling.
Nice. Let's keep drinking dividing the country more. Genius.
It should be mandated.... men have screwed it up enough!
*womandated
Exactly.... :)
This is sexist remark. - BTW, did you read the @TheEconomist article that found queens were more aggressive than kings in European history.
Hi
Well, more would get done and hopefully we could have a women's health panel staffed by women for once...but they'd still be politicians
You literally cannot have a government without politicians.
to clarify, I mainly was responding to the responses that stated that world peace would happen. No US politician would move towards that
So... you were replying to something neither I nor the original tweet said?
The original tweet (in addition to the aforementioned responses) carried the unspoken notion that non-gender stumbling blocks in our stem
"Unspoken." Project much?
I don't know what I'm saying that's so wrong. More women in positions of power in the US would have a positive impact. But it's not enough
Every time you say "but," that's where it goes wrong.
