Thank you, Senator Gillibrand! You are a heroine.
THE BOOK OF PROPHECY HE WILL SEDUCE THEM WITH HIS SILVER TONGUE; ALL THE PROMISES !SEDUCE THEM IN THE WRONG DECISION! WHY ELSE WOULD THIS ++
Yet!
Obamacare is on you. Clean up your mess before it implodes which it will now.
SENATOR  THE REPUBLICANS ARE NOT AT FAULT THOSE THAT ARE IN A RUSH HAVE BEEN BOUGHT!
I ask all of you, give us something better that cost less. You talk big but have no answers.
Thank you for fighting for us.
thank you for your work tonight
It's disgusting that the government ever got involved in health care to begin with.
The general welfare of our country is a sound reason. With millions living in poverty, we should never sit idle and allow others to suffer.
Government run anything is not a good thing.
It's disgusting. This is a horrible night for our country.
Then you truly do not understand the process to save the Country from ultimate implosion of ObamacareFail. Nor does Kristen..
It's unconscionable you are so clueless.
Thank you for your hard work, Senator.
Thank you Senator Gillibrand!
WHY ELSE WOULD THIS PHRASE BE MENTIONED UNLESS IT WOULD BE FOR A WRONG DECISION BY THE PEOPLE OR ITS LAW MAKERS!
THE MARKETS !THE 4 BILLION DOLLAR SPENT ON ONE PERSON  IN PUBLICITY; JUST TO HAVE HIM ELECTED! THIS RUSH ON HEALTHCARE !WHY?
It was unconcionable #Democrats passed the ACA the largest tax increase on the Middle Class and Ins Rates more than TRIPLLED !
I agree it should be a full repeal
What do @SenateDems have against freedom? The freedom to choose if you want health insurance or not or to choose a plan that fits your needs
The Senate just showed how much tax dollars they waste. Shameful, nonproductive time and money wasters. Useless bunch.
Thank for your tireless work to #saveACA, Senator Gillibrand! Get some rest-you deserve it after the week you have had!
Keep fighting the good fight, Senator.
Aren't you one of the #Richest reps in Washington? Handpicked J.O.B. by mom and dad. Please stop w/ the condescension.
Thank you for fighting for our health care.
Now is the time to bring your idea forward--allowing people to buy into Medicaid eliminates the insurance cos. that are only concerned w $
Thank you for your work to ensure all Americans have access to affordable care.
Do us all a favor and step off the curb! #MAGA
These People have no Souls
It CLEARLY shows where their Priorities lie and precisely WHY they are UNFIT to hold positions as U.S. Senators !! The last 6 mo says it all
51-50!!!!
Really?  Where were you when Obamacare was pushed through?
Failed again! SHOCKER!!!
It's unconscionable Dems didn't push for single payer back when they held all the cards in '09, thus forcing these stressful moments
You did it on Obamacare.
It's better than anything brought forward by the Democrats.
Stop them please.  My family depends on it.  https://youtu.be/cXXZ1RvHJjA 
 #IndivisibleNY23 #lovemyNYsentors  #Thankyou
You realize his is how the dems passed Obamacare right ? They are the same shady people. They all hate us
You can't stop it. So imagine how helpless the rest of us feel.
Clearly not rushing. Cold feet? Not completely convinced House will not pass, as is?? Seem not to have votes.  
4America.
Abhorrent action, with so little exposure to the public light.  Vote #skinnyrepeal down
Give ' em Hell! GOP Making America Scared Again
I like the bill. I think it's excellent.
Every Democratic rep is saying it's horrible! Exactly what is horrible?  Make a list instead of short tweets that are meaningless
Where do you stand on the health-care skinny plan
Have you told your supporters how much your obamacare will cost if they earn $15.00/hr or more?  Its no longer free for them.
The Resistance will defeat republicans on November 6, 2018!

Vive la Résistance!
Republican party is thirsty for American blood that's why they want to pass it as soon as possible. Seeing us suffer is their life's purpose
I have no words to describe most of the @SenateGOP. The way they r playing w/ our lives is really unconscionable. Thank u 4 fighting 4 us.
You think? These are not human beings. They are pure evil personified.
I wish you and your colleagues had been more forceful & stood up to @SenatorEnzi's utter nonsense.
"@SenGillibrand: It’s unconscionable that Republicans are rushing a vote on this terrible #SkinnyRepeal bill."
You did it on Obama care.
Keep fighting Kirsten. NY stands with you. We need a voice in the Senate that's not afraid to hit back. This bill is nothing short of murder
We are seeing the best? Worste? kabuki theater the west has to offer! 
 Brought to you by US congress, @VP & faux @POTUS
PLEASE fight this w/ everything. Today, tomorrow, in 2018...
I don't understand when GOP had 7 years to work on healthcare that they are messing this up so badly Nobody studied on this prior to now?
So what will you and your colleagues do to retaliate?
They think it's funny. They probably laugh about it?  Is that what we're dealing with here? Laughing at golf while MILLIONS suffer
STAND UP AND SHOUT!!!! RIGHT NOW!!! IN CHAMBERS!!!! LIFT UP YOUR VOICE!!
Thank you, Senator!!! 
I can't believe they are this deplorable.Pls propose Congress must accept same healthcare they want us to have. #fixACA #NoSkinnyBill
Seriously. Obama left a great precedent for creating the ACA in the very first place- that can be really easily fixed if needed but-
These people the GOP are just trying to remove this healthcare and install their own so that they have sole control over it and only profit
It's all about $$$$$$ not 
It's reprehensible that @GOP seniors are trying to cover their asses by saying they'll only vote if Ryan promises it won't become law. Pfttt
Please vote NO. I am republican mom and can't believe this.
I thought I'd unfollowed you.  Corrected.
We need a healthy Country rn not a sick one. Wtf is wrong with these people. #skinnyrepeal #HCA

You are so right. I becoming apparent that destabilization is occurring right in front of our faces. Worst political environment I've seen!
Thank you for continuing to fight for all of us. So honored to be represented by you.
These are your colleagues..
Keep standing up for ALL Americans.We deserve & should enjoy same care our elected officials do,especially as we pay for it.
Could you place on your website the full details of what type of #healthcare coverage the US Senate has? Thanks.
Thank you for continuing to fight against this. It's sickening what they're trying to do.
Thank you @SenGillibrand  for being our voice and sticking your neck out everyday to fight for decency and those issues that best protect us
Hope they all rot in hell
In CO we are horrified at how little @SenCoryGardner cares 4 us. I don't know one person who would vote him again, & he will still vote yes
It'll be even more unconscionable if they pass it.
And lying about ACA process while suggesting they are allowing for "open debate." It's a farce.
No, it is standard. The #FakeGOP has co-opted the conservatives in this country and used them to create a King George style pre-America.
What's worse is they publicly said it was a disaster and a fraud but said they would vote for it. Is this how a bill becomes a law now?Sad.
They want to erase the legacy of a black man at any cost.
This is no way to run a country!
Follow the devil down his street of tricks

Think you see carrots but really
Theyre sticks

That lead to the cemetery for those who get sick
So is bending the knee to a foreign power and taking away our free speech.
If you don't want insurance, I'm sure you'd be OK with repealing the Emergency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act.
As a New Yorker, thank you and @SenSchumer . I knew I didn't have to scream and beg you to vote the right way on this.
Yet another reason to #VoteOutGOP!  We must hold the them accountable for #GOPcorruption! #NoTrumpCare #TheResistance #Persist #Resist
Get it done!!!!!

@GOP : we have to pass something, anything to convince the base we did something. It doesn't matter that everyone suffers.
Move around don't let it happen.
Disgusting and cruel. Thanks for having our back though! Proud that you represent NY.
They arrest blind Americans. Greed is their motivation ! @SenateDems @SenWarren @SenBobCasey  #KillTheBill
Shame
Out of the Karl Rove Playbook. Do something stupid because you made a stupid promise to a lot of stupid people in order to look stupid

BREAKING: CBO Score is out! Premiums will be 20% higher in EVERY year 2018-2026 under Senate Freedom bill.

https://www.cbo.gov/system/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/costestimate/s.a.667.pdf …
Collaboration! It is what we push for in our society, but yet the government doesn't reflect that. We must work together, not in secrecy
Correct. By using the phrase.. ''' rushing a bill that can pass. Gotta be kidding. Example only. Rush bill pass in 1 day.  Weird. Saying
Anything Obama is @realDonaldTrump ‘s obsession along with @HillaryClinton
After all their complaints about the ACA being rushed (despite hearings, amendments, etc.), they are vile hypocrites.
Is there anything you can do? Any motion left? Anything?
wow!! just unreal the @GOP is just the most desperate bunch of people I have ever known!! Unreal!!
Save it ... ACA was so terribly cruel
trusting them is like trusting a doctor who boned up on heart surgery in the cab ride to the hospital.
What part of it is horrible?
the millions of uninsured. six million losing employer-issued insurance. premiums increasing wildly. little things like that.
Millions are uninsured now. Many employers were keeping workers under the required hours so they didn't have to provide insurance.
This is what I am trying to understand. The penalty will be gone for individuals. You can shop out of state, if you live in NY is a PLUS
that would be funny, if i was sure you were joking.
Pure evil.
Party > country
@SenJohnMcCain ...
What can we do if it passes?
What is so bad about it?
One of them might not be 
It's disgusting.
