.@SenGillibrand thank you for consistently voting against this travesty of a cabinet #SWAMPTHINGS
Looks like @SenGillibrand is the only one who cares about #reelection #whatTheFuckChuck #SenateHearings
keep up the good work and obstruct as necessary. take a page from the GOP playbook and #ShutItDown if you need to.
NO,  no good will come from another government shutdown
TY for being a champion for NYers everywhere and making us proud. Keeping my faith in you & @SenSchumer #FightingTheGoodFight
Thank you for having our backs! NY loves and respects you! (Also- Please help stop DeVos!)
I am concerned re: Trump's word choice. He told Sen McConnell: “Go nuclear” if Democrats block Supreme Court nominee. Tyranny
He used the term. Stop making excuses. He's a literal person.
Thanks for listening
Thanks for walking the walk with us & debating the hell out of issues in chambers!
you have to stop this tyrant  he has no sense of government.  It is all a show to him.
I'd like to see action taken to limit the terms of ALL government positions!!
Thank you for listening--and for standing up against all of @POTUS's nominees for cabinet positions!
Thank you for all you've done to turn this disaster around!
Thank you so much for standing for your constituents and helping our voices be heard.  Your efforts are greatly appreciated!!
Trump is an unconstitutional president, he holds office while holding foreign emoluments. PLEASE do something about that
encourage them. Terrible idea.
thank you senator !
@mayread3 Yes, thank you New Yorkers,and all other protesters for getting out there!We all have to do what we can to stop DT!
Thank you. We need your courage and leadership now more than ever. #Resist
thank you
Thank you for being so transparent and communicative.
No hearings on any T nominee until Russia & Comey interference investigated. After that, only consider Garland. No quarter.
I'm encouraging you to oppose Bannon's appointment to NSC- legislatively & publicly.
Are you condoning the violence ?
And TY for resisting. Now keep up pressure and withhold consent on ALL business until immigration EO is LIFTED.
Vote NO! Prevent Gorsuch! Do what's right for Democracy! Protect Women's Rights!
thanks for listening.
Impeach him ? For what ? Doing the things he ran on and America voted for ( And WON )? Go cry in another country.
block pick for Supreme Court.
thank you for listening. PLEASE convince your colleagues in the senate to do the same and get #offthesidelines. Even more.
Thank you for hearing our voices, @SenGillibrand. Can you help us reach your colleague @SenSchumer who won't take our calls? #Indivisible
- thank you for being our voice in DC
Democrats want everyone to be poor and dependent on them. TERM LIMITS!!!! Power back to the people!
You're Great! STAY STRONG #ImpeachTrump #Indivisible #TrumpIsMentallyIll #NotMyCircusNotMyMonkeys #TrumpIsPutinsPuppet
so proud you are my senator!! Stand strong!
thanks for bringing the voice of the people to the world's greatest deliberative body before it's too late
yes continue to promote anarchy.  What an embarrassment
keep up your good work. Thank you
Thank you!
Thank you Sen Gillibrand.
Please stand up to that.guy and don't let him destroy refugees/immigrants/muslim & their families #nobannowall @KJencius
continue to fight with us and for us!  We need leaders like you right now!
No to #SCOTUSnominee
Deny Sessions tomorrow. 11211. We're watching.
keep up the fight! This native New Yorker now based in LA supports you!
your voting record is inspiring! Please have a chat with your colleagues!
Thank YOU for your outstanding integrity!
thank you!
thanks for standing up for us!
keep voting NO!
we're with you Senator
stop fighting against the will of the people. You don it represent us in upstate NY.
thank you for upholding our voice and voting NO to nominations!
Thank you for your resilience!  #Resist #resisttrumptuesday
thank you for protecting our democracy
thank you for responding to my email VOTENO
Thank you!
@tribecamom Important, but not enough; I know mang who want to apply their talents; need guidance on where to go.
#THANKYOU
remember #merrick garland
Thank You! You have stood up and stand out as a true representative
thank YOU for continuing to represent us!
so powerful to see a movement hit the ground running. My prayer is that everyone is committed to a marathon not a sprint
stay strong, Senator! Our daughters are watching!
Coming home to Croton from protest at Trump Tower. Thanks for voting against vile cabinet.
you only hear some of us and ignore the New Yorkers who don't agree with you. I feel like I don't have a senator.
Thank you for fighting for NY & the American people. This is why I voted for you. 
Please vote NO on Gorsuch.
Please vote NO on Jeff Sessions! Thank you for all you've been doing, much appreciated.
I keep trying to phone & can't get thru. So proud you are NYS Senator. Stay firm, stay strong. No compromise with wrong.
protesting what?  dear God stop already
@WeThePeopleToo thank you for standing up Senator!  Vote NO on the SCOTUS nom
you are my hero!
Thank you!!!!
#nojusticenobills #witholdconsent
Block. Him. Do NOTHING until he reverses this shit.
thank you for listening!
we here in NY are extremely proud of you! Keep up the amazing & good fight! I am so proud I voted for you!  #SCOTUS
Stay strong against these nominees.  Treat SCOTUS nominee like previous Congress treated Obama's pick. Make them wait.
DO YOUR  JOB?
Thank YOU for standing strong and supporting us.
Thank you for resisting the normalization of Trump/Pence/Bannon fascism. Gratitude for opposing nominees.
The American Way
Thanks for holding the line against these negative forces.  You're becoming one of the real leaders of the resistance.
@WeThePeopleToo Thank you for your steadfast commitment to us all.
Thank you for your hard work on our behalf, Senator!
Are u going 2 b protester or Senator?  Your constituents need you to do your job. If not, step aside& let someone else do it
Thank you for listening!!
OBSTRUCT
#offthesidelines !!
Keep up the good work. Proud of my senator!!
thanks for listening
You lost, get over it and start doing what is good for the country. All you do is obstruct the @POTUS . #MASA #MAGA
@SenSchumer resist! Fight back and we will Fight you!!!
Thank you and keep up the fight!
thank you for protecting us and our rights! You are an inspiration!
They will be toast otherwise. This is different. People won't put up with anything short of full opposition. 2/2
Talk to your colleagues Kirsten. McCaskill, Coons, Klobucher need to understand they MUST filibuster SCOTUS nominee 1/2
Dear Sen Gillibrand,  thank you for saying NO to everything he is asking for, and please keep on saying no to everything.
you are the new leadership the Democratic Party is starving for. Thank you for your hard work. 
you're making us so proud Senator! Thank you!
Americans around the country see you, standing with us. Thank you (from Las Vegas)
Thank you for having the guts to stand up to this administration and the GOP.
You'll never be president, stop now. Liberalism is dead in this country but alive and well in NY. Torture them.
Thanks for listening.
Thank you for listening & representing our values & concerns so consistently. You're helping to light the darkness. #resist
thank you for doing your job keep voting no!
Thank you for sticking to your principles. Courage!
.@SenGillibrand Thank you for standing firm on Cabinet nominees.
Thank YOU for listening and voting strong!
but what r u and other Senate leaders doing?!
thank you.
remember no one but Garland block anyone else . The Republican can't steal a S C seat!!!
Thank you for leading!
Dem party and mobilized Americans need progressive leaders. Please keep leading and drag your colleagues with you.
You are a beacon of hope. Thank you!
I called your office actually both offices either busy signal or no call back
we need you Senator to be our champion and put our voice to action in the Senate! Thank you!!
Thank you so much for standing strong. The Women's March, NY Adirondack is with you.
Thank you for your hard work!
run by Soros//why don'tYOU stop the obstruction & actually get to work!!
Thank you Senator. Keep fighting for us.
Thank you. Voice of reason in Senate. Now start impeachment
keep up the great work Senator! Tried calling your office to voice my support, but line is usually busy
Thank you, Senator! We have your back! #resist
Thank you Senator. We appreciate that you have our back.
@PiperPerabo 2020??
Nexr election the NY silent voter will be heard and you will be unemployed.
Thank you for all you do!!  Keep saying NO to Trump.
I am embarrassed that you are my Senator. NY is as divided as the County. Learn to come to the middle instead of extreme left
Thank you for realizing there is zero to gain by voting to confirm these disasters. Stay tough!
You are inciting further divide of this State & Country. Obama did enough of that. Stop the rhetoric!
Thank you, Senator.  Does Bannon need to be confirmed in order to serve on the principals committee of the NSC?
Thank you
Thank you.
obstruct #resist
Thank YOU for your hard work! #resist
please don't let the EHDI reauthorization get lost in the current chaos.We'be come too far 2 let deaf babies go unidentified
I want to match for freedom and justice. I'm feeling empowered and I'm not even a New Yorker. 
thank you for being the only brave soul among a crowd of cowards
Thank you for standing up for what's right, not just for your constituents but for all Americans.
you are the only one opposing these awful nominations and we thank you for that! Keep up the great work! #resist
Never voting for you again
Thanks for listening. I vote in New York and I’m so scared of what’s been happening
again I know y'all got 8 million battles to fight, but the talk of White House staff and possibly impeachment need to happen
could you nudge our Florida representatives to answer our calls and follow your lead?
Thank you for standing up for us.
why can't we get in touch with you office? We've been trying all afternoon! Keep up the amazing work!
now here's a presidential contender!
Proud to have you representing me in Congress. Your brave stance doesn't go unnoticed & is most definitely appreciated.
Thank you for listening. I wish more of your fellow @SenateDems were so inclined.
THANK YOU for listening to and continuing to work tirelessly for us.
please filibuster the scotus nominee #StolenSeat
I am with you! Thank you for fighting for us and our values!
you have GOT to stop Sessions. His odious habit of ignoring equal rights for all is clear in his voting history. #Sessionsban
When's the next one? Where? Thank you for being our fearless beautiful Senator.
Keep #theresistence going. This is not a time for compromise with dangerous people.
Thank you! 
thank you, and sending love and power from San Francisco!
THANK YOU
Thanks for being the only one of 'em with balls. Keep up the good work.
You realize that 2.8 million NYs voted for Trump?As an elected official, shouldn't you at least pretend to hear them as well?
u have to be one of the most clueless morons this senate has ever had
Thank you Senator for listening to us!
Great Book!
impossible to get through to your phone. Always busy. Send letters and emails. Please impeach
keep fighting Kirsten, stop Devos if you can
You are doing a great job Kirsten. Keep on rejecting the rogues gallery of nominees! @sengillibrand
Thank you for doing the job we elected you to do, Senator. We'll remember at the polls.
and we thank you. You are the one and only Senator representing us all with your #VOTENO
Thank you, Senator, for tenaciously fighting for what is right and just. We here in #Philadelphia love you! 
thank you. Please keep #theresistance going
please call on Congress to pass a resolution asking House Judiciary Cttee to investigate whether there are grounds to impeach
thank you!
thank you, now please impeach him.
We, your constituents, are here and not going anywhere. Glad you hear us. #nojusticenobills #withholdconsent
Thank you for fighting for us!
Thank You for consistently voting against POTUS cabinet noms!
- You do know that, just because there aren't people protesting you, doesn't mean they agree with you.
I've voted for both you and @SenSchumer @senschin the past and I'll never do it again.
Thank you for working so hard for us, not only your state but all Americans. We will keep shouting.
Thank you for standing up to the Bully Administration, ripping away rights most Americans love. #resist
From every disaster, heroes will emerge. You will be among them.
Please consider running for president in 2020 We need better leadership in the Dem Party. @BarackObama can't do it himself
