Profits over People is their mantra.
Try sticking your head in the sand for comfort!
Dis-heartening!! They serve and work to protect all of us!  A function of government!!!!
LIARS with a political agenda at the EPA should be FIRED! The EPA has been out of control and overbearing for years. #ISupportPruitt
Can you please stop this madness?
Macron has invited American innovators & investors to France. THEY believe in climate and welcome scientists. @EPAScottPruitt is a fool
The Trump caused American brain drain begins.
I used to live in South Africa - brain drains are indeed real and harmful. Did not foresee it happening in US - but indeed it will.
If you don't run for President in 2020, I'll be so disappointed. You have to at least try. We need you!
Good !!! It's all a frigen money making scam !!
Why isn't there a shadow Democratic government countering EVERYTHING THEY DO with our, vastly better, alternatives?
A strong US Senator who is not planning to run for president in the next election could coordinate the shadow government. Just saying.
Good for him.  Contrary to AL Gore and Ted Danson, Miami is NOT underwater and neither is L A or San Diego.
Because they are hacks!
There's something about "frightening" coming from one of my senators that is very disempowering...
I am scared to death.  Trump gets worse and worse.
Frightening, very frightening!
Turning into Environmental Propaganda Agency.
We need to remove these assholes from government ASAP.
Most Americans would applaud this action.  enviroMENTALists are just that.  Mental cases, that dream up different ways to blow up tax $$
Truly shows how unintelligent Trump & his administration are. Not to mention reckless. Class action lawsuit against Trump Pruitt EPA??
Extremely irresponsible, scary. Someone of "power" has to stop the deconstruction of government now!
The government was bloated and out of control. It needs to be reduced - a lot!
EXCELLENT
Trump needs to go, sooner rather than later, and all avenues should be explored.
Terrible.
I agree, this is frightening. Can the Senate create a commission and staff it with these scientists?
The @POTUS administration has become the Great Destroyer. How can anyone continue to support this megalomanic?!?
Naw, what's frightening is your demagoguery, you hack.
Those fake scientist need to go. Liberals have been ruining this country long enough. Great work President Trump!
Scientists all board flights to France and leave us with bumbling idiots in charge of the environment and our health.
Please run for president.
we cannot continue to deny science
How does this shit keep happening?
This cannot be allowed. We cannot progress without learning and science.
@CoralMDavenport can't Yu do anything about this horror show?
Yayyyyy....let's all celebrate the final extinction of the honey bees!!

It's GUARANTEED, now!!
#Trump has to go. He's a modern day Hitler.
AWFUL. How is it even legal to replace people in the know with those with conflicts of interest??
I guess Bannon is still running things?
No you are...except those of us who get you will out your attempt to make false evidence appear real..evil witch.
This is horrifying!
Nothing but a bunch of rich, white men. Just what this country was founded on!
Pruitt is on the path to do great harm. Do Trump voters support this?  This move affects all of us.
Should we continue on our trajectory, he and Trump will share vast, disproportionate responsibility for the very death of the living world.
Hopefully, the States can take on the role and hire these people.
Idiots!
Be polite, be professional, but have a plan to disAPPitchfork everybody you meet.
This is nauseating, the midterms can't come fast enough!
Yes, we're aware that the GOP are actually God awful human beings. They represent the 7 Deadly Sins better than the American people.
Horrendous 
Horrifying
Same mv that was done in during  Harper years. Government scientists were either fired, muzzled or their budgets slashed it was a disaster
Also, how are they allowed to delete the data, that be longs to the people. Someone has to stop this insanity
And disgusting. #somebodydosomethingplease
Sick.   Destroying a good agency. Okie lawyers are toxic.  Check
Literally everything I feared about a Trump win is coming to fruition. Crossing all digits , that the part 2 is also accurate- impeachment!
Not one woman...Not sure if they should lower their standards and join the group!
Never seen anyone or anything so afraid and in denial of science and fact than today's Republican party.

I have a message for you guys. #ScienceMarch 
Looks a lot like locker-room talk!
How can we justify taking science out of the environment?? Disgraceful. Detrimental for our future. #EPAstays
#Handmaidstale
setting it up for complete domination - this land was your land....
I'm a huge believer in silver linings, but I admit my faith is being shaken. Shame on #scottpruitt. Shame on the #GOP.
@cnn@maddow why are these monsters always laughing when they are screwing us over...Evil evil ppl
They can't handle the truth!
@CoralMDavenport Pruitt is another ignorant trump monster
Disassembling the government to control information and take part in illegal activities! Fascism
"I know of no time in human history where ignorance was better than knowledge." Neil deGrasse Tyson should be head of the EPA, not Pruitt.
He should b the head of NASA and we can probably find someone great to be the head of the EPA.
Pruitt should ask a farmer about climate change if he doesn't believe the scientist
ERA OF THE #ANTICHRIST #FALSETRUMPCONCEALINGMADENSS #SINGLETOWER #SIXSIXSIX #NAMEandSIGN #TheSNAKE #MABUS M.ABBAS #ALUSAMORICA #AILESAMERICA
Replacing them with scientists from Hair Club For Men. Priorities.
"First they fired the scientists"
The course we are on with this administration is terrifying. Be brave in your resolve to stand up to them. Thank you.
And DirtyDonald laughs. Put his grandkids in Beijing for a while to see why we need EPA. Sadist.
Thanks for proving the point. Beijing needs EPA. Not America.
we knew what he was all about when he was appointed. He doesn't believe science
Absurd and so tragic for our country and even the world.  The messaging is unbelievable!  World leaders to laughing stock!
Pruitt js a criminal...just ask the people of Oklahoma, and his CRIMES  as State Attorney General. He has NO BUSINESS AS HEAD OF THE EPA!!
Who needs scientist when you have Jesus. All Idiots
Dems must explain, not in political speak, the impact of all the dismissals, downsizings, negative actions, and how they will fix them n 18
Do something about the gutting of the EPA! Please!
Frightening and very Trumpian. He doesn't know what he doesn't know, but is confident he knows!
Like lemmings to their own demise, and taking us with them.

Who needs scientists when ignorants are in control! This whole administration needs to be repealed and replaced by scientists&smart people!
Like the ones who faked the "climate change " numbers - right we need more fake scientist.
LOCK THEM UP! LOCK THEM UP! LOCK THEM UP!
That Pruitt was ever confirmed is disgraceful! He's a traitor to our environment and to the American people!
FML
because we need a goldman sacks finance nimrod in those positions
Industry scientists will be watching the hen house! Who knew when they voted for T that this would entail a complete dismantling with govt!
he can get a job in France! they will be happy to have him. Smart people will not come and those who are here are going to leave
