This is what we are up against. Our party must get back America or we are going down the sewer with trump & his cronies. 2018!
You are already there!
Wow, U really are not paying attention are U. These incidents were fake.
Tell Antifa to stop posting them
I'm surprised you're not blaming Hillary.
I would if she was.
Then blame the real perpetrators, Nazis.
Well, because I’m not going to spread the lie.
You are either blind, stupid or a Nazi. You are what's wrong with this country.
Wrong on all three. So what exactly are you the representative of? There's no Paradee Colorado that I can confirm.
WTF? So many patriots died on foreign shores to eliminate the scourge of Nazism. For me, this sort of behavior borders on treason
Who are these bigots? What sort of mindset do they have? Why do they hate or do they? Foolish act? Maybe? Stupid? Absolutely.!!!!!
Proven that a black man was accused Terrible
Crazy!!
Now in Los Angeles also!!
Is it true you are headlining an event led by the very people who encourage worse acts than garage vandalism?
#TrumpEffect Emboldens #Racism #Xenophobia #misogyny #Antisemitism
#AltRight Elects #Trump
#Trump Defends #Putin
#AlternativeFacts #FakeNews
100 bucks a black dude painted that.
Many would say you are perpetuating the problem with your foolish choice of posts.
This is usually a crazy lefty who did it to themselves. Literally. Like they painted it.
Even a Senator can be used by her http://party.Read  a book lady!
Horrifying is a word I reserve for the beliefs that Democrats think are in their constituents best interests.
The first Amendment isn't absolute.  I think this post should be investigated...
Looks fake
This is hate it's horrible
Black Lives, Blue Lives, All Lives... Today, it seems that No Lives matters.  We're living in dark times.
HEY, @realDonaldTrump & @SenMajLdr We are official tired of your brands of winning. This is America now.
#TrumpsAmerica
Apparently the 2nd incident in this area. Despicable. And yet not surprising considering the UGLY atmosphere in which h we currently  live.
Sadly, brought to us by a @POTUS who defends,"Many Sides"including the KKK and the Neo Nazis.As he berates the NFL for players taking a knee
Why can't Nazis and other bigots spell? They insist on showing their ignorance at every turn. :(
Awful
I thought I moved to a progressive state 20 years ago ......unbelievable
the only good nazi is a dead nazi!
Cowardly cowards. All need their manhoods cut off. Put them on an island full of bush people, guaranteed, they'll change quick.
This also happened at Bet Torah in Mt. Kisco, NY last week.  Art younaware?
This is so depressing and scary.
(Your left-wing pals are no better) My Car Burned and My Home Vandalized Because I’m a Conservative Writer
With a #POTUS who supports their agenda in the #WhiteHouse - #KKK #NeoNazi #WhiteSupremacists are coming out of the woodwork #TheTrumpEffect
You can't have both ways, Senator. Stop kissing up to Linda Sarsour and the BDS left wing antisemites.
This is absolutely atrocious
I wouldnt be surprised if some liberal did it to incite hysteria.
Every day that bigot is in the White House is adding fuel to the rascist fire. He has to go.
Supported by rascist 45
There is one in the White House
They should paint and proud of it below
America needs your mom and Biden
But it's encouraging that they aren't even smart enough to spell "kike" correctly. Thuggery fueled by stupidity never wins in the end.
Trump supporters
It is horrifying. But antisemitism will always exist. And it will so until the end of time. Same goes for racism.
One step away from serial killer
Every time this happens it ends up being the person who was the victim.
:-(
Makes me sick
Investigators habe linked the vandalism to BLM
There's never a witness, fingerprints, nor culprit caught! Only insinuations of what group may have done this!
We can thank @realDonaldTrump for making racism great again
Until Trump speaks out & demands it stop, it will continue. His defense white supremacy and anti-Semitism make @realDonaldTrump complicit.
Expect more of it. @realDonaldTrump has empowered them. And so has little Jeffie Sessions.
Easy and disgraceful to surmise these "very good people" may be emboldened by the president of the United States #NeverForget
:'( When will we find love rather than hate?
Why are you so horrified that it happened in NY. We like else are all potential anti Semitic sites. After all where does the Pres. Come from
 Lest see... According to you we had NO racism in America. That was created last year by President Trump. How stupid and naive can you be!
This is really horrific.
Can't wait until they find the perpetrator(s) and find out they're minorities. As it has been in several of these cases.
Which race painted it?
Should against the law
Funny how it's rampant since #toxictrump took office.  He gave them a voice.
I am thinking fake news 1st the paint is brushed not sprayed paint 2nd the swastika not right.  A real nazi would at least do that right
Trump enabling pushing this behavior it will get worse
Homeless Terminal Cannot get NYC case manager for apt Assaulted last month horrible
Hate and racism has taken hold in America. We need to deport all of them. BLM, KKK and any other hate groups. #NoRoomForHate
Unpopular opinion: Race and Religion is not synonymous. So why is it so angry? (I would feel abused if someone assumed by faith by my skin)
One Love from coast to coast, may we find empathy and disarm hate groups.  Love begets Love.
Find these ppl and cut their hands off.
It is their way of crying out.  The same as this artist did in SoCal during last holiday season.  This was vandalism, the message...
Different group, different insecurities.  We need to rehabilitate this type of thinking.  These people need therapy.

It is time we erase and remove.  It is a group feeling threatened obviously.  As gang members tagged, this is the same thing.
I just spent 3 hours crying through the Yad Va'Shem (Holocaust) Museum in Jerusalem. To  see this happening at home is beyond heartbreaking.
@SenSanders would be President if he went up against Trump. Then these “humans” would still be afraid.
Where's ur outrage over the MD. shooter? No gun control? Oh, he's black so he get's a pass. #BlackPrivilege #SelectiveOutrage
A nightmare!!
Or..... anywhere. #enoughisenough
Whoever did this is a complete coward!
What in the ever livin hell is going on?!?!?
Trump, this is YOUR fault, Mr. Bigot in Chief! @realDonaldTrump
I doubt 45 will send a tweet out condemning this hateful behavior.
.No surprises here. Blacks have experienced this n more, (and ongoing) since being brought here to the U.S. in chains...
Sincerely,
A Woman of Color
More Anti-white hatred from the left. Obama legacy lives on.
Horrifying yes, but sadly not surprising.  Trump has emboldened formerly closeted, silenced bigots with his own racial tone deafness.
So very sad, seems to be becoming the new normal.
Funny how they caught a black doing this last week. Crickets from you.
Terrible.  @POTUS @realDonaldTrump have let these creatures come out of the woodwork
Horrifying
Be sure and tweet out your response when this gets proven to be another hoax perpetrated by a leftist. Thanks.
Don’t act like NY is a safe haven. The racism in upstate NY is worse than what I see in the south.
Add anti Semitism to that tweet, as well.
You support anti-Jewish and anri-Isreal groups and policies. This is what happens when you and people like C.Booker endorse those policies.
trumpkins hates jews but support billions tax$$ sent to israel? 
trump's daughter son in law/grandkid are jews? 
the logic behind this hate?
DONALD TRUMP’S America.  He might as well been caught with the paint on his fingers and photographed doing this himself.
And most likely internal job.
So terrifying!
Hatred belongs in hell 
Unfortunately there are still some sad and pathetic people in this world #Stopthehate
We are giving the human who did this exactly what they desire. Attention!!! Time for some fresh paint and a hidden camera.
@realDonaldTrump...You did this to us.
Trumps America continues
What's more "horrifying" is that this is happening more frequently, overtly, & shamelessly.  It's a sign of a scary change in our culture.
C'mon, it's Staten Island!
I hate to break it to ya Senator Gillibrand, but that location is the embarrassment of NYC. Inexcusable but real.
Outside of NYC.. this is what NY is often like. Bleeding red with very racist and anti-Semitic leanings. 45 just empowers them now.
Terrible.  Just awful.
Haven't heard about the new KKK group in Canojaharie I guess...
It happened in Baltimore a couple of days ago. Horrifying.
#trump has given courage & a limitless reckless violent accepting undertone to the absolute worst in our society. This is just sickening!
I utterly deplore anti-semitism and its expression, but you must be skeptical of this.  Carefully painted.  Most vandalism is done quickly.
This activity has no place in our country or any other country where people's way of life is hallowed!
This is trump!
Horrible
#Antifa thugs
Sen @SenGillibrand, Just sent you a letter via http://kirstengillibrand.com . Hope to get a response. Thank you.
Damn liberals at it again
Attitude reflects leadership of @realDonaldTrump
Looks like #Bannons' handwriting. #DEMS can't depend on Jewish community in future. Like Afro-Americans, they...
Disgusting
Naturally, the moron anti-Semites spelled it wrong!
Why would somebody do that? Whats wrong with people?
Beware false flags.
Disgusting.
Because this president makes it seem normal. It is not...
Add this to that and we have much work to do. All kinds of wrong.
I live in SI. Full of trump loving morons. I have been harassed by people for my anti-Trump stance repeatedly. Disgusting.
Did you do it? Who benefits? Critical thinking girl!
Cannot control ugly people. They are very little in all respects, like DOTUS #missobama
Was this the black guy they caught doing this?
Is this making America great again?
That is shameful and I don't even understand it.
I can't "like" this tweet. Waiting for Twitter to establish a "dislike" feature @Twitter
We've turned back the clock since this guy became president. #25thAmendmentNow
Flood gates are open for bigots
$100 says its a fake.
Horrific
Sad.
I'm sorry Senator, but I grew up in upstate NY and was one of the only jewish kids in my school.  Because I take after my father's side and look very german, I was privy to a lot of people freely acting anti-semetic around me.  To me it was the norm of upstate.
Why do you think this dolts feel free to act someone's (DT) bad behavior.

This is because of Trump emboldening Nazi racists
And, there have already been false cases reported of people defacing their own property to blame someone else. Do research and decide.
Trump has opened the floodgates of hatred & intolerance...putting that genie back in the bottle will be next to impossible...
If there was so many hate crimes in America, why do Liberals have to keep faking them to raise awareness? http://fakehatecrimes.org 
Thank you, Senator for speaking out against these acts of hate. Your leadership in areas like this continues to inspire me and my vote.
Yes, stuff like this is awful, but if you're going to blame anyone, blame the person that did this.
In case some didn't know, KKK was founded in 1860 to rally against the republicans who were changing laws to establish equality for blacks.
@ChelseaClinton @siadvance When the #POTUS backs #WhiteSupremacists, what do you expect? #45
Disgusting!
If serial killer Bobby Joe Long supports Trump, does that make Trump a bad person?
But inevitable in an era of deepening #oligarchy. You want to be the new FDR? You must see these connections. Check out #HenryWallace
Yes it’s scary to see this horrible antisemitic graffiti anywhere but in NY is like a double offense
Oh unleash the Nazis that's what Scumbag and the GOP have done. It was done here yesterday on children's statues in Portland Oregon.
It makes my heart sick that this is happening
All it takes for these cowards to throw one in jail and the rest will lose steam. They are as vial as they are empty.
Evidence?
Let me guess who done it ? Perhaps another Jew 90% of the time that's the case.
2 words Schindler’s List
The very word is an abomination.   Shocking.
Even worse that most cases have been proven to be liberal activists trying to stir trouble. But 
Well stop glorifying it by posting it all over social media
Trump is Hitlers illegitimate Son
Never forget.  And it has become all too clear:  it CAN happen here.
Make them move to a country that lives that way
Soros strikes again!
You seriously expect Americans to continue to believe in this BS antisemitism that you progressives plant to manipulate US?
Didn’t we not learn from WWII?  Unbelievable, appalling, terrifying and just sad!
1/2 I'm trying to get to a place where words & symbols of hate are meaningless. As long as the haters don't physically harm anyone.
2/2 Really, they're just vicious ignorant attention seekers, trying to get a rise out of us. I won't give them the satisfaction!
When @realDonaldTrump supports his racist base, I am afraid it will get worse and take years to fix.  End the hate.  Love trumps hate!

Seriously this gives me chest pains. How how how can our society be like this???  HOW?  I am saddened beyond belief.
As long as teachers influence our children it will continue and grow.
It's Trumps America now! Our cowards in the congress should he ashamed.
Thanks to Trump adittude and propaganda?
#InTrumpsAmeriKKKa
SI has a history of racism. Remember Eric Garner ? put in chokehold by NYPD officer – video
Only a person with a weak mind & no character would do this. Their quest 2 garner attention shows their insecurity and lack of intelligence.
People should have better things to do other than hate.
Hate never wins.
God bless the United States of America all of you
#YouDontWantThePoliceTo
#DoYourJob
#Focus
#BudgetYourIncomeAndPayoffYourDebt
#RecordSet
10/17 #20Trillion433Billion
#CongressionalDebtAbuse
Thank yourself for this
Remember BDS and the islamists you hang out with

WTF IS wrong with people today. Live and let live it's the 21st century.
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP AND YOUR GANG OF CREEPS.
These idiots can't even spell their racial slurs correctly.
Do you know it?
Sign of the times. Thanks, Trump!
Name 1 anti Semitic thing trump has said or done
What's horrifying is that the perps are treated as fine fellows by our #DeadbeatDon.
Every time these cases are investigated, it's always revealed to be a false flag by a minority "raising awareness" http://fakehatecrimes.org/ 
Sickening!
