Election hacking efforts went beyond Russian tampering in 21 states. But there have been few investigations. http://nyti.ms/2gpuNVh 
PAPER BALLOTS!!!!
This is a good idea but would require  additional protections .
Until we have hack proof voting machines paper ballots are the only way to ensure fair election results
We've had some serious problems with paper ballots in California and it's a concern that needs to be addressed. I do believe it's safer .
Kenya invalidated their election due to tampering. We should do the same.
send to your senator and congressman call them, start ASAP
No shit really ? Hope u can get the guys that hold all the cards to help u out! Not happening if trump says fixed that means he's doing it
*demands.
#unhackthevote 
Thank you @SenGillibrand for talking about election system vulnerabilities. We MUST address it now!
It's already been shown how easy voting machines are to hack. When elected, I'll work to stop the madness. #MajorSOS https://www.usnews.com/opinion/articles/2017-08-31/congressional-republicans-cannot-ignore-threat-of-russian-hacking-in-2018 …
I cn still remember hw we were reassured by many Secretaries of State abt hw safe & secure their voting systems were b4 t election?!?!
That's because the deflection is that undocumented aliens are voting instead. Stop wasting our money on problems that don't exist
If y'all actually cared abt preventing hacking, you'd have implemented #PaperBallots already. But that would provide too much accountability
The American people have been well aware of vulnerabilities in voting infrastructure for years.  Why has the gov. allowed it to persist?
That's why ID and paper ballots are a necessity
Drag any state that doesn't seek transparency in our elections process. We deserve the truth. Our away of life depends on it.
Let's face it, we need this fixed asap to preserve what's left of our democracy and both sides need to support it equally
We could bring Obama bk and dissolve F..,,,,,.. Cabinet
Amazing how many ppl are crying over this saying how un democratic this is BUT see no problem with the democratic party ruling  12 0r 16yrs
Thank you Senator Gillibrand.
The American people deserve a do-over without computerized anything & paper ballots counted by hand. I'll help.
that is wt France did once they figured RU meddling. We are being controlled by 1 F.....GOP party that gives a  abt Democracy
And prosecution of those responsible

Some1 saying they "knew" Russian hackers & citing sources on "condition of anonymity" means nothing. Still waiting for evidence.
Why do we say "never happen again" like we have any control over ever, or never. How about simply, let's fix this.
Do you think Kenya taking a step forward, after discovering their elections were hacked, will empower other Nations to do the same? #Kenya
Trump DID NOT win and election needs to be nullified!
I agree
1/ Trump is a mob boss who worked with another mob boss, Putin, to defraud the US and steal power and the wealth that power confers.
2/ If our Reps and Senators don't swiftly end his false presidency and punish this corruption, the people will lose faith in our system.
3/ If we learn that laws are worthless because our legislators are toothless or corrupt, chaos and widespread lawlessness will ensue.
4/ With exception of a few Reps & Sens, most seem to be reacting to Trump's treason, fraud, and madness far too passively.
GOP knew abt ths & r complicit. Tht is wy they don't wnt #IMPEACH. The handlers r telling them: "the public is 2 ignorant & LAME to do a/t"
So did Imran Awan work for you too?
Please push investigation & mitigation of election interference #Gillibrand2020 #WakeUpAndSmellTheBorscht
I'd like to know why we don't have the option to vote again after the hacking came to light. The current president isn't legitimate.
Thank you but I do believe that as the investigation continues it will uncover more details.
And as long as the @GOP control all three branches of government, we'll never get those investigations in the House or Senate. #MuellerTime
Wt  abt the Courts?!??
Illegitimate election!
Yep, complicit GOP
Also, we need our actual president @HillaryClinton to be in her rightful office.

It's been happening increasingly since 2000 election. Follow @Greg_Palast
Remember R FL Secretary f State Harris. Many R Cubans also gr involved n votr fraud. Thn t Sup Ct- a R appointed Judge-Scalia sided w R. FL
We've been asking for almost a year w/ no clear answers. Regardless of how it effected this last POTUS election, we must protect the future

What about a new election or an invalidation of this past one ?
We should demand that this be investigated as much and hard as TrumpRussia collusion is
What happened was the US electoral system was hacked resulting in the wrong party and President gaining power. The US will never admit this.
The USA people are admitting it just going to take a giant kick in the ass to get those few GOP to get it
Yes!!  Please, please take this on!  There is no hope if our votes don't count!  Nothing matters more than this!
There should be an in depth investigation into Republican vote corruption which used the Russian interference as cover for their misdeeds
Not only do we deserve an understanding, we need to hear what has been done to prevent such a thing from ever happening.
Paper ballots, please!
Never happen with Orange boy in WH
This should invalidate @realDonaldTrump's election completely especially considering that eith the hack @HillaryClinton is STILL #POPvoteWin
Senator, I agree & am a strong supporter of yours. However, please let us know what actions you & fellow Senators are taking.
The people who cheated aren't going to investigate. Those congress critters who, at least benefited from said cheating, aren't  either
First investigations must be called for and made mandatory. This has been ignored for far too long.
@SenGillibrand @SenSchumer Please, We do not want DACA dismantled nor do we want to budget for the wall. America  protects her Dreamers.
We all know the election results were manipulated. trump is not the legitimate president. R's stealing wins w/ hacking & EVMS. DO OVER.
I have a right to vote.
I have the right to know if my vote counted! 
Did Russians overtake my vote?
I have a right to know if my vote counted!
The American people deserve a new election. 

The Presidency should not be a reward for lying, cheating and treasonous conduct.
Ask O'Bama he was notified of this prior to the election and decided to do NOTHING
What r the states and party of the governor?
Well, what are you going to do about it?
The American people deserve their actual elected president.
@nytimes We do! So why is the FBI not releasing Clintons emails? 2 sides to every story unless you are scared of 1?
I hear Comey has some free time. Just sayin.
Because it was the Dems hacking to get votes for Hillary? Debbie Schultz had the IT family doing what?
Make it so! + @SenatorCantwell @PattyMurray @RepDennyHeck
Can we quit blaming Hillary yet?
Please, please don't let this issue get forgotten!
If this piques your curiosity then follow @mikefarb1 who is leading the effort that Americans deserve and then demand an investigation!
Don't we?
If memory serves, voting machine irregularities are how Chavez installed himself in Venezuela. So many populist parallels also. 1/
Venezuela is our future if we don't stop this NOW.
Oh, I'm SURE 45*'s Election "Integrity" Commission is all over it!
Trump stole our election period with Putins help we need to install the rightful president and that is Hillary Clinton!
Americans need to know the failure of 0bama, Hillary, and you in Benghazi. For starters.
BLOWS MY MIND!  why are we not in an uproar. Dems, you also have to get it as well @robreiner @SenWarren @SenGillibrand @SenSchumer
Republicans stick to the party like to turds!!!
Never is 4 God only to use, therefore, it will occur again & worst! Read the Old Testament 2 tell dumb humans like us what will come 2 pass!
@ErinLOLiver @nytimes #nullify2016
#SCOTUS161464
#HearTheCase
#Nullify2016
#UnHackTheVote
#UniteBlue
#Resist
@Revote201716146
http://revote2017.net 
We need a more thorough investigation without any stops along the way!
So it never happens again my ass. Let's get to the bottom of THIS election hack and do whatever necessary to set it right.
Thank you, Feds deny tallies changed. But there is no way could not have been with fake news. long voting lines etc. We need the truth
You might want to talk to DNC, Coumo and require ID to vote.
Oh maybe ask #hillaryclinton #obama #soros. Your party is the most corrupt, manipulative, and down right evil in the history of America.
Why won't your DNC turn over their server FOR the investigation?
You are 100% correct Senator. We need an impartial investigation into this ASAP.
Preach it @SenGillibrand !! @HillaryClinton is OUR President.It will come to be known!Never stop talking about it,go call him #illegitimate
Fucking right huh
Thanks, SenGillibrand for your attention to this vital issue.  Please do all you can to insure that our elections are not hacked again.
Please run for president
Hillary won. Fight for her. Too many of you want to be the 2020 nominee and won't speak up.
Kristen, Kenya just nulled their election and will start again- why can't The US?
Agreed but the gop congress doesn't care as long as it helps them continue to cheat elections & steal the presidency & SCOTUS #trumprussia
Normally homeland defense would check into this but one of trumps buddy runs that agency
Can we count on you to make sure that happens? It's so critical and seems as if it's loss in the abyss of the DC madness right now....
It happened because America runs on money and that means the cheapest solution is always the one chosen when it comes to non profit security

Thank you. It will be incumbent upon you, @SenSchumer & every member of Congress to make sure this crucial issue is addressed.
And maybe so we know who actually won the 2016 election!
@nytimes Could not agree more.  Transparency and the truth must go hand in hand.
What are you talking about????  Sad..!!!
#DebtBasics
#AmericansDeserveACongressThat
#PaysBackTheMoneyItBorrowed
#BudgetYourIncome &
#PayoffYourDebt
#StayFocusedOnTheJobAtHand
@GOP
Please ditch the electoral college!!
I don't think we could take:  Donald 2 - Return Of Orange Ineptitude -- not enough wine in Napa
I would luv to hear how Russia hacked into the voting machines and knew which States/Counties to target 
How bout, you look into the Podesta bros/Russia ties and maybe even the Pak. IT family/dnc ties. Did you have em working for you?
#CrossCheck @Greg_Palast
Wow Kirsten, you think we should do something? Brilliant, what a contribution. Give us your thoughts on what should be done genius?
You believe that Russia hacked us? I hope you get primaried out of your seat.
I hope she gets enough white hat hackers involved2allow either another Dem or Green to take her seat, I'd prefer Green but would accept Dem.
Explain the Nation article refuting Russia hack allegation.
Russian story is done finished...a fraud perpetuated on public with media help. This is Gillibrand's legacy..committing fraud on public.
Investigate!
Well, isn't this your job #Senator

D's need 2 vote w/@SenJohnMcCain & @LindseyGrahamSC 4 #SelectCommittee 2 investigate ALL aspects of 2016
Or maybe declare the US 2016 presidential election void because of discrepancies, like they did in Kenya?
Who will do that? Words are nice but seems actions are too late (and rare) to help in 2018...maybe even for 2020.
Crowdfund an investigation. Maybe if we can keep everyone busy investigating each other we can save the Republic. I'd donate.
maybe the DNC could clear that up for you as they probably played a big part in the election hacking
You are right - the DNC seems to be completely responsible:. Debbie Wasserman schultz, Hillary, Bill Clinton
Agreed Senator, the American people should know the truth on how Dems colluded with Russia and their IT contractor sold secrets to Russia
Trump is Russian elected. He won't lift a fingered to unmask Russian hacking of our elections. He & his jackals do not want to be exposed.
no movement to rectifythe wrongdoing?
Please find out if Russia flipped electoral college
Bernie donors deserve a clear understanding and a refund 
And a new election with paper ballots.
Trump doesn't want to because this would imply his election had even less of a mandate than the 3M he lost by

Hackers and electronic subversion of election voting should be investigated regardless of where it leads, Russia, DNC or RNC.
I find it stunning that congress is not screaming for a thorough investigation into the possible hacking of the voter machines.
I have read the articles highlighting the discrepancies between the machines in different areas of the same state. One divergence is suspect
Two is consequential. But many is absolute proof that an investigation is, at the least a requirement to put to rest any question of hacking
The fact that no investigation is currently underway again is proof that the Rep side of congress is possibly complicit in covering up
And if they are not involved in a cover up they are, at the least involved in giving tacit consent to these activities.
What they are too stupid to realize is that the knife cuts both ways. It may be their turn next time to be the victims of voter hacking.
Since  they will not discuss the issue. Acknowledge or take seriously the problem. It's incumbent on the Dems to push aggressively forward
And they have to begin yesterday. 2018 is around the corner. If the leave the issue unresolved Dems may pay a heavy price again in 2018
This has been a major concern of mine. As my Senator I'd like to know what you are going to do to make this does not happen again?
everybody that wants to votes deserves the right. it is pure intimidation to make people stand in line for hours. when dems vote they win.
the truth has to come out. next to 2016 look how the bush family won in 2000 and 2004. with voter intimidation.
You still can get over the fact that Hilary lost legally. Make all the excuses you want she lost. More illegals voted for her and she lost.
Seems likely like you liberals flip flop between issues hoping something will stick. We voted for Trump and love him
Yes we do
The election was hacked
We know this now
The results should be invalidated 
#Unhackthevote
"This" being an obvious false and coup government.
Yes. Through Hillary and all others involved into prison. Even cheating she did get elected. Get FBI to release all documents
Russia/GOP collusion 
https://twitter.com/ahamiltonspirit/status/902359783998676993 …
MUST WATCH - Trump Russia explained in ~ 3 min
Ok this...this needs to go VIRAL. Easily the most accessible way I've seen to explain #TrumpRussia to the Gen. Pop.
It's becoming clear that there's a good chance Trump didn't win EC who knows what to make of down ballot races. We need action on this
Really? I hope you stick with this story. Sure loser in 2018, 2020 and beyond. How do you breathe with your head in the sand?
This is happening. Some people are heading to D.C. and will join @cville2dc
The hypocrisy of the GOP who held thousands of hearings under Obamacare to turn a blind eye now is dangerous and disgusting
Thank you Senator. #ny19 #shepersisted
Thank you
#kobach won't let anything come to light that helps #POC or #minorities
Why isn't this the utmost priority so that the lawful president is in place? You are not afraid of the militarization of police????
Yea finding out the DNC was plotting to Screw Bernie shud never have been found out
And how do we know this won't happen again?
Hillary isn't in office anymore
Yes, I agree. Let's start with Debbie Wasserman Schulz and see what she knows.
Senator, time is quickly running out. If the mid-terms are stolen the damage will be irreparable. This needs to be issue number one!
Nothing will be stolen. Liberals I'll lose again for the same reason. They don't stand for anything but resistance
Suggest NY adopt early voting.  Suggest NY adopt Orange County Fl system.  Hard to hack.  Keep Federal Government out until DC schools good.
Yes we do. So let's investigate and stop protecting the mirage of fair elections. We got hacked. Let's really protect our democracy. ??!
GOP doesn't care about hacking, votes changed etc. as long as it benefits their party. Days of country over party gone.
The systems need to be repaired now. Congress and State officials need to take action now.
Thank you for this. From Nebraska
Will never happen as long as @GOP in control & present campaign finance system stays in place. @TheDemocrats also corrupted by $$'s.
So can we get a real answer w/o politicians withholding bc they fear insecurity of Am people in elections? Honest answers would be best!
Agreed Susan! The argument that it'll decrease voter turn out to discuss and repair election system problems is outdated & short-sighted.
Not knowing, feeling like the truth is being hidden is real thing that makes people think their votes don't matter. We can handle the truth!
Exactly! Transparency = confidence. :)
Thanks, Ruben, for your continuing to speak up on this subject!
Hello Senator, I'm one of your constituents though I live in the UK.  Am in US, watching Fox - funny how they don't cover this, just Hillary
Ma'am,  actually we deserve a whole new administration. This one ain't workin. Melania has great shoes though.
So does Hillary Clinton.
COULD SOMEBODY WITH A PLATFORM SCREAM THIS PLEASE!!! WE HAVE TO ACT! #unhackthevote
Keep peddling this fake news. There was no hacking.
DHS needs to insist on investigation of voting apparatus & put plan in place so no tampering possible in 2018 when #corrupt @GOP goes down!
"The life of the nation is secure, only while the nation is honest, truthful, and virtuous." (F. Douglass)…This is why we remain vulnerable.
Please keep us posted on the efforts to investigate this
Thank you. Among our Democratic political leaders, only you & @RepAdamSchiff have called attention to this.
We need more to discuss the issue and actually resolve the problem. Time is running out.
What happened to Trump's "cyber security unit" plan with Putin?
Please do something about this in Congress.
Let's keep it simple: paper ballots. Hand-counted in precincts if necessary
Maybe you should start looking into FBI involvement trying to get Crooked Hillary elected or will you just look the other way Gillibrand
My Twitter feed is full of elected representatives saying what *should* happen. But what are you and others actually doing about this?
In addition, we need #OpenPrimaries, so the majority of the American Citizenry are no longer #DisenfranchisedVoters #VoterSuppression
Senator all you have to do is go ask the Democrats. The people know how this happened Obama Democrats Obama Democrats
Why have the voting machines not been looked at ?
Yes, we need paper + to remove software which is vulnerable and secret. We need transparency & accountability from officials.
