Why stop at $15? Why not $500 an hour?
$15 is a compromise. Actual min wage adjusted for inflation is over $20.
Feel free to keep allowing the gov to tax you through inflation.
Actual minimum wage is under 10 dollars in most states. If the gov would stop printing money with reckless abandon we wouldnt have inflation
Sure if you pretend inflation doesn't exist.
Inflation is caused by an increase in the money supply.
Yeah, and?
And when you set a minimum wage all you do is eliminate all work that would be done at the lower rate.
When you give all the gains to a few the money actually leaves the economy. When u give it to the many they spend it back into the economy.
You get paid based on the value you add. Therefore if you live below poverty line is becouse you are not adding enough value.
Assuming your principle is correct. I have not said anything against it. I just said More Value = More Money.  Learn a new skill (1)
Your ideology lacks true knowledge of experience or compassion. There are plenty of VALUABLE people but you are too high up morally to see.
I never said they were not valuable.
You have no clue as to what a person, who wants to do more than survive but circumstances keep pulling them further in to poverty deals with
I worked and Burguer King,  I left because I knew I was not going anywhere at that place. I worked during the day, I study at night.
BUT THAT ISN'T HOW ECONOMICS WORKS
it is, we have less scarcity than ever before
If we should raise the min wage, why would it not raise prices for everything? Tell me that
price increase < minimum wage increase

this is really really simple stuff Myles
Except when you're in WA and the min is $11 an hour and prices have gone up in our local places by quite a bit. It's called inflation.
food prices rise either way
Costco membership starting in June will be 10 dollars more. BECAUSE of min wage going up
you really believe it is 100% due to min wage increase? for sure part of it is, but not all
The government should only be able to tax up to 40 hours anything over 40 hours should be tax free! More money for the workers!
How is raising the national minimum wage to $15 going to change ppl living below the federal poverty line? Daycare costs will skyrocket
$15.00 an is a good start but it's still no where near what a true living wage should be.
All it will do is move the poverty higher without moving anyone above it, but you just keep selling that lie to the ignorant
Or let states have a say in minimum wage so states that have a higher cost of living can adjust it properly.
Yes.  It was time to do that in the 2016 election but leaderless Hillary didn't want to even take that out as a negotiating position.
@AndresWaters the "value added" for a school teacher ? A home health care worker for a holocaust survivor ....you freaking elitist
The value they can provide is limited by the system. Unfortunaly.
a HUGE % of pay goes straight to healthcare. But Trump's way is not the answer. Keep fighting!! 
Raising the minimum wage will certainly increase tax revenues
It's time to end the system that exploits the proletariat.
Provide where in the Constitution this is a power of the federal govt. I promise it will be crickets for a reply?
Will you also raise the wages by $5-$6/hr for people who have worked hard to get past minimum wage status and currently only make $15/hr?
That's the general idea, yes
I don't believe that for a second.
That's nice.  Sucks that history disagrees with you.
And even if that were the case it still drives the price of everything up leaving the same people at the poverty level. Where's the benefit?
Last raised in 2009.  Ripple effect should raise 30% of workers' pay.  Prices will rise, but only at fractions of pennies on the dollar.
Are you quoting somebody or showing me facts?
Heck, why not start everyone as CEO's. No need to work your way up, like our parents. Free education, join the military. Stop whining.
comparing minimum wage to the absurd amount of money CEO's make? You would still have to work your way up. Educate yourself pls
You mean the highest person up on the ladder tends to make much more than the lowest one, who would've thought
It's also time to unionize! Companies won't always do what's right. That's when negotiations are required.
And the result of that will be those companies moving out of the country and people losing their jobs...
They're leaving anyway and people in all sectors are losing jobs. Their bottom line is More Money. Why not fight for a decent wage w/befits?
I'm guessing you have never run a business, have you?
You'd be wrong.
Since you have run a business,can you explain how a company with a 3% profit margin,and 24% wage costs can afford a 107% increase in the MW
why not $20?  $30?  I could live very well off $100 per hour.  Explain why that can't happen.
15 by 2021-25 I agree
$15/hr NOW
If you want all the bad effects from a minimum wage to be felt, then sure why not. More like 11$ now (!).
The "bad effects of minimum wage" are a republican myth that liberals choose to believe to justify the Dem party not gaf about the poor.
Tell that to small businesses who ate shutting their doors because they can't afford $15 in Oregon. The hike would cause job losses.
If they can't afford to pay their employees a living wage their business isn't good enough to stay in business.
What an ignorant statement, small businesses don't have the large profits of big businesses, especially when they are just starting up
Should businesses be allowed to pay people $1/hr? Why not? B.c. it's not a living wage, which is why min. wage was created.
Nobody should live below the poverty line for any reason. Nobody should be in poverty, even if they don't work at all.
Lol, how about no one should have to work at all? Here you go, @SenGillibrand @SenSchumer @SenWarren -if only she were a NY/MA voter, right?
Not everyone can work. I'm not going to let someone die just because they are disabled, for instance.
Oh, but everyone else would let the person die? No one else cares, right? We were talking about not working, not death
If we're talking politics, we're talking about death.
Lol ok
Well if $15 is good, then $20 must be even better!!
$15 is a compromise. Actual min wage adjusted for inflation is over $20.
Feel free to keep allowing the gov to tax you through inflation.
If we secured our borders we would have less workers coming in thereby raising wages because there will be more demand for them.
Most of the illegal alien labor is undesirable by citizens, who won't pick produce or clean and would rather collect unemployment.
My wife and six brothers and sisters were illegal in this country for ten years and always found good jobs
good for them. Anecdotes are good for stories, not understanding the big picture.
Big picture is millions of Americans on food stamps and in poverty. Need more jobs.
How about we make education so strong that by the time these people graduate out of high school they can very quickly be WORTH $15/hour?
That's the long term solution, duh. Why would you presume raising min wage precludes that?
if it's the long term solution, we are not there yet. If we are not there yet, 15/hr is devastating to blacks. @SenGillibrand
you are an expert on "blacks"?
I'm pretty well read on the negative historical effects of minimum wage laws on the black community, yes. @SenGillibrand
#Socialism #JobKiller Government is NOT the answer, it is the problem.
Or move the poverty line down
Yes!
Trying to help the big corporations I see. Go away, shill.
This artificial 40 hours limit is why China will beat Europe and the USA
It's also time to raise the Federal Poverty Line. Since when does making only $13000 per year make you NOT impoverished.
Sure, then businesses will just raise prices and the extra cost will get passed back onto consumers and the cycle continues.
Military doesn't even make 15 an hour and want people with minimum skills to get that... y'all stupid
Why are you limiting people to $15/hr.  Set it to at least $100/hr.  That would really put and end to poverty, right?  #science
Raising the minimum wage won't work out the way you want it to.
And it past time to double teachers' salaries at a minimum.
Or we could raise the national minimum awareness that it's a path to ruin and their jobs will be gone in 10-15 years. Then fund ed or trng
Hope the big money was worth ruining millions of lives.
2 bad you're neoliberal.  Run for POTUS & you'll lose. I used to respect you, not so much anymore. Due to rigged primary, I'm vtng 3rd party
Well...$15 is a start
This thread is full of Sissy's that want big mommy to take care of them.
100 per hour.
Every Private - Specialist in the military makes less than $15 per hour.
You just don't get it, do you?
What's sad is people earning $7 an hr vote for pols Who vote against raising min wage? How crazy is that?
It should be $35 an hour
Forget the min wage… why don't you work on lowering NY taxes. $15/hr isn't gonna do shit for any living in LI, NYC or Westchester.
Get my order right first
Funny you say that but you endorsed Hillary who thought it was too high. go away gillibrand.
@justmeinlv Just in time for Trump to allow Companies to legally not have to pay time and a half
My grnd dad worked in a coal mine for $9 a day & that was damn good money. Whats that tell you? Min Wage will inflate prices & nthng changes
We should also raise salary because what's the point of getting advance degrees, if salaries don't increase, but cost of living does.
Raising minimum wage simply keeps them from working. Is there that what you're after? #UnintendedConsequences
Can you Dems get any stupider??
In nyc, it needs to be about $25/hr. @MayorDeblasio
Thank you! It will help the economy and workers.
In places where the equilbrium wage is already around $15, not much marginal effect on employment. But everywhere else not so good..
@Smalldragon97 what's your take on this?
No just bring back the jobs that were lost on Obama. The $30 plus our jobs
Do they really believe that the average working adult making $15/hour and trying to raise a family is a success story!
But the fact is, while it is a BIG improvement-- $15 an hour, even at 40 per week-- Is still below poverty level!
The security guy at my office works two shifts, 7 days a week.  He doesn't take any vacation ever, can't afford to.   Something is wrong.
Good luck with that. You do know Trump won the election?
adding to VP names for you take note of last one Sen Brown OH, Warner VA, Gov of Colorado and wait for it Kasich OH bipartisan move
In 1965 the poverty level was below $3,000. I qualified to work at a school where others did not. Mom would not take welfare but let me work
Has Gillibrand done anything since she's been in office? I'm tired of getting emails with her causes asking for donations, I pay taxes.
I too believe it should be raised but not to $15.00 an hour. I don't think the job of putting cans on a shelf is worth that much.
DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT!
Do you understand basic economics? It would appear not. We should do away with the minimum wage entirely.
With this said we need better jobs manufacturing aswell
Problem being you raise it all the prices go up cause they think you can afford it so it lose lose situation.
So, "debtor's prison" redux? If your work isn't worth $15/hr, not allowed to work at all? That's cruel.
why do you think the severely-out-of-touch HRC opposed the fight for 15?

please don't support her again

#justiceDemocrats
$15 an hr is only $31k a year. No one is going 2 get rich orlive lavishly on $15 an hr so I can't believe people act like it's outrageous.
Raising the minimum wage won't solve anything. It will just make the cost of living increase. I work minimum wage and I still know this
And don't take away our overtime pay.  We need that.  If we have to take comp time instead, we have to get second job.
Easy for you to say NOW, ma'am.
Higher salaries means people have more more money to spend which can only help our economy and result in more jobs.
No one should have to go without an iPhone 7 and a new car too! Time to start giving those out as well.
When was a minimum wage job supposed to be a career?
Agreed!  Everyone else's wages will not increase until the min wage does. CEO's making millions in wages & bonuses is wrong!
Doesn't the poverty level just increase when you raise minimum-wage? Costs are not fixed and transfer to the consumer.#HigherCostOfGoods
The better answer is to raise the value of the dollar, not the number of dollars.
What about government employees? Many are below poverty levels.
no !!! do this at the state or city level and don't force inflation on places that don't need it
Thank you!  Yes!  National minimum wage must be $15. @Impeach_D_Trump
No person should live below the poverty line. Period. End of story. We should set the monthly starting line above $1k/mo with #basicincome.
What sort of house can you buy on $30K / yr ? Can you still afford car, food, clothes, kids ?
This is going to destroy upstate NY. Now you want to kill the whole country. And kill businesses?
I agee with you, but what if the cost of living goes way up in some areas. Won't sadly working people will be back to square 1?
Nice idea but cost of living will simply go up with it
40x52=2080×$15/hr=$31,200/yr.÷26wks=$1200 taxed at 28% total deductions=$864.will cover rent at decent place. Balance of $864 #stillpoverty.
But companies are just going to replace people with robots in low skill jobs anyways  in the next 5-10 years. So instead focus on uni-wages
Thank you senator! It is the ONLY way to pull people out of extreme poverty. A living wage is paid in all civilized countries except ours!
Best way to get people off government benefits? Make sure they're paid enough so they don't need'em/don't qualify. #Fightfor15
Better do it quick before the public comes to the realization 15 is less than 2/3 of what it really should be due to inflation. Good luck.
You're all welcome.
Minimum wage is not meant to be liveable
Too bad you weren't saying that in the primary.  What happened?
but wouldn't this just lower the middle class??
In Maslow's pentagram of needs is prosperity indispensable for a stable society
and $15 is NOT a livable wage either!
Good start, Senator.  If you really want the left wing vote in 2020 then you will run a campaign without corporate money.
Unless they work for below minimum wage, they aren't. 7.25 x 2080 (the # of annual work hours) = $15,080. Federal Poverty Level  = $12,060
You still can't live in NYC on $15/hr, must be a living wage not a minimum wage.
Here is a question that none of you 'fight for $15' advocates see to be able to answer.

maybe you have the courage to try
Ok, if the 18 year old new hire at McD's gets $15, what does the mgr that gets $15 an hour NOW go up to?
Sadly, $15 fed min wage will speed up automation & robotics 2 replace those jobs. 

Those jobs are starter jobs, not life long jobs.
Is everyone incapable of thought if thats the answer then rais it too 1,500 per hour
Don't you Democrats remember you changed the work week to 30 hrs to accommodate ObummerCare to help with passage?
Don't forget those who work beyond 40 a week, the deceptively-named Working Families Flexibility Act is a sham, only benefits employers!!!
You do that, you'll send thousands of jobs to foreign countries or to automation. It's just not feasible- businesses won't stand for it.
If  calculated min wage for one person "living wage" it would be about $8.75 not the $15. $15 might work in NYC but not rest of NY
Poverty is the root cause of our society's failures. We must fix it
In New York City over 50% of the population of homeless shelters have at least ONE JOB!!!!! We must change this statistic!!!!!!
Thank you, @SenGillibrand . I'm so grateful that you're my senator.
Stop importing people to do the same job for half the price then.

#NotSerious
@SenSanders That's still not enough to live a decent life once taxes, social security, insurance & other fees are deducted.
Define decent.
It hasn't raised prices in markets that have done it already. Companies can afford it they just don't want to for greeds sake.
Check out Venezuela for a look at what USA becomes if socialist liberals continue to ruin economy.
Right - so we can lose more taxpayers and you can raise rates - do you even know for whom you work??
I work 3 jobs, 56hrs a week, still struggling, AND I'm a penny pincher!
Plus two of my jobs are more than 15$ . At the very least, minimum needs to be 15$.
Go do it somewhere else
Raising min wage does nothing but hurt the ones who the government is supposedly claiming to help. Min wage is not meant to support family
To be a great nation, one must act like a great nation. US is a first world country and can afford to take care of its citizens.
All those proposed Trump tax cuts for business should make this possible.
No, if the min wage goes up, everything else will cost more. Companies will raise prices so they can pay their workers.
And deprive rich folks a huge tax cut??  Why that's crazy talk little lady!     #ResistTrump
if a retail or food worker only produces $14/hour in value, a business can't afford to pay $15. There must be room for profit
wages a business can afford to pay are a product of work's value + surplus value for the business. Gov shouldn't dictate that
I can work all week digging a hole in the ground but if I don't produce value I'm not getting paid. Some jobs aren't $15 jobs
Wow! That's seventy five cents an hour less than I make at a job I've been working for twenty years!
Everyone here, just curious: how many people do you employ? (and pay for out of your own pocket)
Why should ANYONE live in poverty, working or not? #BASICincome 
Our world is rich beyond belief, yet .1% hoard wealth & hold power,. greed.
How does this affect those making more than min but less than $15?
All right senator, now adopt and fight for the rest of the progressive agenda and become a leading voice in the country.
Min.wage is where you start. If you have been there for awhile you should be making more. Work up the ladder...there is more money up there.
It depends on their life choices. If they choose not to accept a small loan of a million dollars from their dad, it's their fault.
Say goodbye to teenage employment.
and lower taxes on small businesses so they can afford the minimum wage paid to their staff, there problem solved.
You are a wonderful Senator thank you for being a N.Y. politician!
...A person with a college degree should not be making less or barely more than a min. Wage worker that has no education past high school.
I agree- it would get people off of welfare too. However, if the min. Wage is raised, then other jobs should raise pay too...
@SenGillibrand #Love how you always out there dealing head on with the important stuff... Now about equal pay...?
Agreed.  With single payer HC, small business can afford a wage hike.
That's certainly not in my country
Also, basic math fail. 40 hrs per week * 50 weeks in the year * $7.5 = $15,000 gross income. The single person poverty line is at $12,060.
Economics fail. To put it simply, if you raise the min wage from $7.5 to $15 then, in a couple years, $15 will only buy what $7.5 does now.
You'll just accelerate inflation and devalue the currency in the global market.
Hell yes it is! But Trump thinks to high already! Kentucky here 7.25 hourly disgraceful!
There is a great course they teach in college called economics. You should give it a try.
If they shouldn't live below the poverty line, then they should stop doing it. 
Go tell them.
minimum wage is not a living wage, its entry level experience.
Maslow's pentagram of needs: food, security, healthcare and prosperity
Time to keep American workers off minimum wage by forevermore ending H1b visa scams sponsored by prominent Democrats: BR and JN.  Shame.
No company should be allowed to limit workers to 35-39 hours a week to avoid paying benefits and o/t, either.
They do. Minimum wage in the US is 7.25 an hour. A person who works 40 hours a week makes $3000 above the poverty line.
What about the small Business that can't employ people @ that rate. I.e. A Diner that has a High School kid washing dishes. They will close
That would be nice; but there are small businesses that can't afford the 15 & would do lay-offs.  (Cost of living is less in some areas).
If wages had kept pace with productivity, minimum wage would be $26/hour, not $15/hour. Universal Basic Income NOW!
Where does the money for universal basic income come from and what does the person have to do to earn it?
https://www.reddit.com/r/basicincome/wiki/index … --FAQ-- Funding comes from various taxation plans and also from the replacement of basic social services programs.
We already have hundreds of taxation plans. What replaces the basic social services programs, which are mostly funded by taxation plans?
Basic income replaces social services. No middleman. Costs less administratively. Google is your friend.
If it's run by the government there is a middleman and will not cost less. And an income by definition has to be earned not given.
I agree
You can't literally survived on minimum wage at all and not ended up in debt paying student debt and loans
Right! Accept mediocrity? Why not self improve, up-skill or re-train. You need the state? Can't survive in the free market?
Exactly right. I am old but when I was a boy modt women did not have a job outside the home. The head of household had to earn enough money
It's just talk talk talk the minimum wage hasn't been raised since Wagon Train why don't the ones who think it's okay try to live on it ???
I voted Bernie & support raising the min wage but not nationally.I own a small biz&would go broke/drive clients away/lay ppl off, prob all 3
*Not to $15 nationally. Minimum wage needs to reflect cost of living.
Do you you really mean it Kirsten?
It is being raised to $15, at just the right speed to correspond with the hidden tax that is inflation.
In California it is. In much of the country, it's below $9.
My main point is that it doesn't matter how much you keep raising it, prices remain out of control and so our money will never have value
@kemet2000 Where it has been tried there have been big losses for The People. Who do you work for?
In Seattle too? The data says otherwise.
jobs went down 1% when they shd hv continued climb. Did big replace sm biz; reduced hrs? http://www.thestranger.com/slog/2016/07/22/24377908/new-study-no-compelling-evidence-that-increased-minimum-wage-has-led-to-businesses-closing …
You should read the article again.
I studied the issue at length and "have heard it all," except for all the facts. Maybe later
2 bad gov dictating biggest biz decision only hurts sm biz & working poor. Minorities, Teens, stay at homes, students hurt?
Correct!
Seattle did this and my hours got cut to meet payroll. So now I actually make less per paycheck than I used to.
Sounds like many do not know what true poverty is. Visit a country that has real poverty & that may change how you think. generalizing here
Still not enough, should be in the 30's.
The true minimum wage is $0.
We need to raise the minimum wage now we cannot wait. People are living in very poor conditions in our great country of America.
