If this is cancelled by the President tomorrow it will be clear that the US cannot be trusted. #Inhumane #GrossHumanRightsAbuse
Are you serious?You must not have any problems paying your taxes!The rest of us do! I'm tired paying for those who choose to ride for free!
The 'Freeloaders' are not immigrants. They are not allowed any benefits. Children born here as per your Constitution however, are.
Who's paying for their ignorance now?The children. I'm not heartless. But I do firmly believe you must become legal if you choose to stay.
If only there was a way for them to do so, they would do it. Pity there is not. Not even for legal dreamers.
Agree. Just wish the parents came to America right the first time. Then they would be ok.
Um, No! My family is the epitome of legal immigration failure. And $350k later in legal fees. Get out of your perfect immigration bubble.
Ok. My perfect bubble? No it's called law. No talking to you I see. Have a good one.
Is DACA legal? Didn't Obama do that via executive order, however we have immigration laws that should be followed.
Have you complained about the numerous executive orders 45 has signed? Didn't think so.
None of them counter our current law.
DACA has also helped thousand of illegal aliens take jobs that lower class Americans could have used to support their families
What jobs are you referring to?  Americans gave up on a lot of the jobs these immigrants are taking.  They have filled the void
They wouldn't be called "illegal" immigrants if they signed for a visa so they could work legally while they became citizens
How long is that visa waiting list ?
There is not one it's an extended passport
It also cost americans about a million jobs and helps drive down wages!
BULLSHIT
Can you Prove it's not?
Don't like it? Then pass a law.
#ProtectDREAMers and #impeachNaziInChief
not just achieve their dreams..contribute to our society..they work their butts off & do jobs others wont..I wish @POTUS had their integrity
You need to get to work.  Less TV time and more legislative time to work on legal solutions.
#marryadaca  in name only
Render argument moot
Save on taxes
If its so good why does not Congress change the law??? It is the executive's job to enforce laws passed by Congress ... dont pass the buck.
But it was illegal.  You would think you would want Congress to enshrine it in law.  But let's not let the truth get in the way of narrative
Absolutely defend DACA but don't  let them hold it hostage  for ridiculous wall
They can still achieve their dreams, only through different means.  Part of their dream must include becoming a legal citizen.
DACA has cost legal taxpayers fortines of money, raises our taxes & penalize law abiding citizens who don't get a free pass breaking the law
You want DACA??  Refund the thousands of dollars to each person who came here the legal way for the last 8 years of Obama's Presidency
Where is YOUR Healthcare vote. No Democrats would vote to relieve Americans of astronomical healthcare prices. ILLEGALS OVER AMERICANS.
.@NYCSchools Students protest on Thursday ! Walk out of schools ! #DefendDACA @nypost @CarmenFarinaDOE   @NYDailyNews
Did you say that to 0bama?
I am not a trump fan yet I just want to know why they did not become citizens. I need to respond to people who ask that. Thanks
Because they get countless benefits as illegals versus becoming a legal citizen. Also many of them will never pass the test to become legal.
Unconstitutional Presidential overreach that has to be undone. Had you, our pathetic congress done your jobs, this wouldn't be an issue.
at the expense of tax paying Americans.
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/full-psychiatric-exam-trump …
And there almost one and all good Americans
Has Melania proved she is not an illegal immigrant?
The EO was not the way to do this.  Congress needs to step up.
But none of American
When will you sign on as a co-sponsor for S. 1615?
Send them back where they came from. There just taken jobs Americans could do.
DACA has also helped kill Americans. http://www.fairus.org/issue/examples-of-serious-crimes-by-illegal-aliens …
https://twitter.com/LucidHurricaneX/status/904615824174043136 …
How about you and the rest of congress do your job and take care of this? Obama illegally wrote an executive order.

Yes - give some stats on good dreamer outcomes to counteract the "they are all bad"rhetoric"  Trump spews. #immigrationconundrums
How many have taken the opportunity to become citizens? Oddly this is never mentioned in the DACA promotions you spin.
Ok you do realize how long it takes to become a citizen right?
Yes. And how does that stop reporting the number in that process, or finished?
We are a nation of laws. Illegal is illegal. DEPORT!!!
My kids have dreams to. My tax dollars should go to help my kids get a leg up not illegals. NO DACA no free ride 4 mom & Dad that caused it
TRUMP SHOULD LEAVE DACA ALONE. YOUNG PEOPLE ARE BENEFITING FROM THE PROGRAM.
NO THEY WON'T BE LUCKY ARTHUR. AMERICA IS ALL THEY KNOW.
#VoteHerOut  #EndDACANow Completely illegal! If you want to be an American...here you goGet to it & WE will welcome you with open arms!
But the Re-THUG-LIE-CONS don't want productive people in the workforce, apparently... #DACA = workers who enlist, pay taxes, achieve success
Please no compromise with Trump attempts to backmail Democrats playing DACA or ACA, etc. against his never ending ridiculous racist wall!
Did they apply for citizenship yet?  Because if not, they get to go home and help their own country with their free knowledge
You mean achieve deportation? Shoulda stayed in the shadows
#Bullies #Pedophiles #SexualPredators #Dictators #Bigots #Liars #Nazis prey upon;as @GOP @realDonaldTrump preying on #Dreamers #Immigrants
Illegally in this country yet the rest of this country has to abide by the Laws
If I defend anything it would be the reversal of daca
The Dream act was an Obama exe order. Liked it then even if it bypassed congress. How about immigration reform? 2 difficult 4 u & ur friends
Thank you for keeping the fight alive! #DefendACA
Thank you for your support.
Yay Kirsten Gillibrand
Illegally though
Why were the in the shadows ? Do you mean they were brought here illegally?
You need to focus on what they add to our country. Some people only know $$$
Counting on you to fight for these kids! We can't let them down! #DefendDACA
You're cherry-picking again. How many times has Trump lied? Walked back what he said? Forgotten what he said? Changed his mind 10 times? 
Do you really believe we should have open borders? 20% of the people in the world would come here if they could. Please be realistic.
So proud you're my Senator and while I'm sad that you're spending time fighting this idiot. Our future is bright thanks to you!
YOU HAVE TO STOP HIM!!!
And drained the tax payers of this country.
Hundreds of thousands using welfare and other benefits paid for Americans for Americans. I'd like social security to remain solvent.
These DACA dreamers plus their friends/colleagues & family members will be the troops to inspire eligible voters registered
Last time I checked you were elected by the citizens of nys.  How about you tend to our business instead of illegals Plenty struggle
And contribute to a strong US. #DefendDREAMers
DACA should have gone through the correct legal channels and immigration reform is needed! Start working for ALL immigrants
bring my brother to the US! Yet they get to stay because they broke the law! You are playing big politics with people .......
Brought here illegally while green card holders like me follow the rules or get deported! It can take 13 years to bring my...
God is on their side.......stay strong, stay resilient, stay faithful to God, avoid false prophets!!!
The phony Congress is responsible for authorizing DACA in 6mos.POTUSDJT is following the law barry did not.Make a contribution,not complain.
DACA is wrong for America!! Stop this illegal order by O'Bama.  Illegals need to get in the immigration line!!!!
You've been a Senator for how long? Where is our legislation? DACA is a DHS memo. If you want something done, maybe you should do your job.
We don't care
HELP US. It's up to Congress to stand UP to him.
Have them become citizens FIRST
