@PPact @PPFA Amen!
It will be their choice.  Remember??  Like when healthcare was good.  Planned parenthood does abortions.  Who pays???
You are responsible for thousands of deaths from your defense of Phillip Morris so don't u datr point your finger
lying is wrong but you do that daily.
Why don't you pay for it
How do you like your Healthcare with NO DEDUCTIBLES, FREE PRESCRIPTION DRUGS and paid by the hard working taxpayers.
IT MUST BE GOOD BEING AN ELITIST.
its ok! 60 million voted for this.
cut the losses. Get our country back on track. If you are not part of the solution,  you ARE the problem!
Making healthy people pay more to subsidize people who willingly make themselves unhealthy is wrong
KILLING baby's is WRONG. #DefundPP
GREAT if call #trumpCare proposal #GOPcare!!

#GOPcare

 As it sinks it might bring whole R party down like an 
Your wrong lady
When someone CHOOSES not to buy something that he was FORCED to buy he LOSES NOTHING!Freedom is our most valuable right
Treating people like cattle and using health care as a tool to cull the herd is wrong. #Trumpcare is lethal.
Federal Government running healthcare and most other necessities is wrong.
politicians better speak up and now
You are such a phony. Everyone will have access to insurance only difference is they won't be forced to buy it. Lies
Charging seniors more is wrong? But u supported the theft of thousands of Delphi pensions from seniors! Can u explain?
hopefully trump wasn't born breach-with all that wrong!
Sadly, admin doesn't care about wrong. It only cares about tax cuts for rich and "winning" @PPFA
clown.
Trump, a senior! They live too long...eat their kids out of house and home...spend too little and wear diapers. X them
Not charging a 26 y/o considerably less than a 90 y/o is wrong.
The lady I work for is 89 and Obama care fucked her. Please Retire
I AGREE!
oh & btw..... under current law.... charging seniors MORE IS SPECIFICALLY WHATS GOING DOWN, mamn
why? Why do u bold face lie 2 Americans?How many millionS get coverage back...hav u even considered this FACT?
Am I correct that you believe the gov. needs to be in control of every aspect of our lives? I heard Chelsea Clinton may run against u. True?
Actually they're not. Majority are leaving voluntarily. Young healthy people don't need health insurance.
Please explain to your GOP counterparts the concept of insurance. They don't understand the basics of insurance. Fight!
Lying to the public about being able to keep your doctor is wrong too, right? Or nah?
how will you fight? We need you to take action!
vote no on Trumpcare
- Does the left provide training on how to lie, or does it come naturally for you?
please fight hard against these immoral cuts, and keep Gorsuch away from the Supreme Court. NY counting on you .
@ny_indivisible @PPFA Let's get Faso out. He's not on Team #NY19 92K will lose out. More than 11% of the district.
he isn't defunding PPFA he is not going to support federal funds to pay for abortions why r u spreading these lies??
where is this number coming from? There isn't 24 million that even have obama care but still putting out these lies
it's a short list but you are on the right track. I would like to know what the CBO estimates the cost to be.
please speak up for people with disabilities and support leaving Medicaid intact. They will be  devastated!
fact or fiction
keep fighting to keep the ACA. Find republicans to vote with you. The fight isn't over yet
This president will go down in history as the #GrimReaperPresident - killing valuable prograns and the environment etc
what valuable programs Big Bird?
Full repeal! Period! 
No replacement! 
@PPFA
you are misleading your supporters. Potus should just let Obama care collapse. You don't think it will. Very sad.
well do you have any solutions to the fact that OBcare was a scam on citizens and  that will fail.
I'm going to go out on a limb her & say that we should #ImpeachTrumpNow
I'm going to go out on a limb and say get a life!
Everything DJT and his adm does is wrong! He is making a mockery of the office of the Presidency. Fake 'prez' hurts country.
maybe if our elected officials could work together things would get better. Just saying
That's how it started. A willingness to find common ground. Then DJT et al lied and lied, thus came chaos.
it was chaos before he became president.
C'mon man. The guy is a reality TV star that can't live in reality. An offense to the high office he holds.
and Reagan was a movie star. So what.
Reagan would be appalled at DJT. Chill man and have a good night. Am tuning to #Aprilthegiraffe More enjoyable
Obamacare was wrong. Voting for Obamacare was wrong. At least the new plan is trying to fix the shortcomings.
except
24 million lifelong tax payers who need r help now th they r old or poor. Don't collect SS or Medicare.
.. let us all be strong and find solution, NOW 
Charging Students and Parents for Education loans at 7% is WRONG!
sounds like ppl will only get what they can afford?
You not knowing the difference between care and insurance is wrong
Everything is wrong about this heartless, self-serving budget. RESIST
yes u r right so what r u and the Dems going to do about? Pay for ur own Healthcare. I don't want to pay for Ryan.
Billionaires attacking the frailest members of our society. It doesn't get lower or more evil than this. #wheels
Allowing Trump to be elected was wrong. I blame the Democrats. We couldn't have made it easier for $hillary.
Cutting funding that goes to #MealsonWheels is wrong too. This administration is shameless.
Then we should present laws to change it when we get back in.
Defunding is fabulous! @PPFA make tons more funds as an NFP considering donationsreceived now from 1%'ers. #repealobamacare
Get the facts right clown, how donyoubthrow 24mm off when only 9m are covered
.@SenGillibrand @PPFA Taking away Meals on wheels is wrong. Starving them will help the uninsured issue.
.@SenGillibrand #Republicans all #GreedOverPeople #GOP #TrumpRussia #LockThemUp - Pay attention on #TWITTER #WeThePeople #UnitedWeStand
Thank you so much for fighting for us here in NY!
FAKE Fake fake,
are you introducing a Medicare for all bill?
so is cutting meals on wheels and programs that ensure child nutrition in schools
My Rents pay $1100 month Medicare is primary Group Health is secondary
Society needs to be realistic with expectations
Your game playing won't work here,Fact is ObamaCare, ACA hasHeld my DiscReplacementSurgery from thestart! Ur aSick Lady
Keep up the good fight, Senator. Proud to be from a state where my senators know wrong from right.
Yes, you are right in this respect: The GOP bill must be modified to protect older Americans from losing coverage.
But, @SenGillibrand, Kirsten, (@PPFA), how can you, as a Democrat, in the US Senate affect what finally happens? Cut a deal.
Kirsten, @SenGillibrand, I would still vote for you, support you, if you traded your Dem vote for something of value to ur constuents...
Be yourself, @SenGillibrand. Do what you know could work. Be independent. Don’t listen to anyone else. Do the right thing.
#Trumpcare is wrong
indeed it is.  cruel and unjustified.
