White supremacy and neo-Nazism have no place in America. Domestic terrorism like this cannot be tolerated.
I know we are better than this, but we must all speak out against this hate. Silence is not an option.
You are a liar Madam and unfit to serve the great state I live in. @POTUS  he's been very vocal from the start In speaking out against hate.
I was downtown on 9/11. Were you?
What about pictures of national guard shooting up detroit?
Ok.
So nobody showed you pictures of Ferguson, Baltimore, Berkeley or the attempted assassination of Cong Scalise; Democrats are so uninformed
How about 9-11?
Dear Senator, then I'm glad you're not my age.
But then seeing so many young innocent Black men gunned down on video has been horrific. It has to stop.
Obviously you paid no attention to the pictures from @StandingRock JUST LAST YEAR.
Ever seen any footage from 9-11-2001?
Not me. I'm 57. I grew up in Alabama. I thought all that was over, until Trump.
Not over, it's just been hidden and festering ever since "Civil Rights" became law. Alabama's Southern League has been growing!
And why, pray tell, are there air quotes around civil rights in your tweet?
The rise of fascism in our country along with racism of this Breitbart level is something I thought I would never see.
ALL protesters know what is going to happen. It was both sides fault for the deaths that happened. Not me , you or the President. Only them
Where were you when that young girl was beaten in the head and over a 100 thousand in damages were caused by leftists? Hypocrisy is ugly.
Then you haven't been paying attention. Antifa have been using violence to suppress free speech for over a year. 100s of thousands in damage
Then you are blind
What about the image of you bringing the fake rape accuser to the State of the Union?  Go away already.
What about this picture ....I think this was ALOT worse  weren't you an Adult then?
Me too 
Here's mine
Remember  Kent State?????
You must not have seen the burnings in
L.A. and Baltimore et-al. Leftist hyperbole!
Nah, Ferguson and Baltimore were way worse...only blacks were doing it so it was called justice!
look in the mirror of your life & see how u suck as a representative of the people
Why are guns, rifles allowed at marches/rallies/protests? That makes no sense, and I'm curious if it played any role in the police planning
It's now happening in Seattle. Let's stop calling them alt-right and call them what they are white supremacist Nazis.
Then you haven't been watching the obama Muslim ring
Where were you during the riots in Ferguson Mo.  Did they round up al of the people who destroyed property and prosecute hell no.
Wow I would expect a youngster to say that! The war on drugs,9/11 Dillon roof etc
Come March with US!
To Kirsten Filling and I am 83 yrs. Old and remember before civil rights laws were passed.I will go to my grave fighting AGAINST THIS.NEVER
I am 83 years old 
Remember before civil rights laws were passed
NEVER AGAIN!!!!
Trump needs to be removed now!
Worse than 9/11? That's an interesting thing to say
C'VILLE strong today.
This is the fault of @realDonaldTrump corrupt family regime & @GOP Congress We must oust this abomination from @WhiteHouse by any means
You don't remember the Baltimore riots or Los Angeles riots?? SMH
Kent State massacre was no picnic either.
Things are only going to get worse, since @POTUS refuses to denounce white supremacy-my bad-his personalized touch-to this travesty.
And #ferguson ?!?
They have been here forever, believe me I'm from the south.. The #OrangeAgent has their back .
I haven't seen stuff like this since the '60s/'70s.
And these people call themselves Christians?  Makes me wonder what church teaches these hate values.
Then U will stand up with other Congressional members and call 4 Trumps removal correct because that the only thing that will be acceptable
Your country seems to have gone back in time....
As bad as they are they do not compare with images from the South during the 60's or the lynch mobs of the past 300.
Hello, OKC BOMBING ring a bell! Another radical!
I kept going back to Kent State in my mind
What's really frightening to me is knowing that cult followers would  be fine if not  for to be their dictator in chief, #ITMFA
I've never in a million years would've guessed that in 2017 instead of looking towards the future a lot of want to drag us back to 50s
What about the image of BLM killing Dallas Cops?  Does that make your top 5???
We aren't better than this.  This is our history.  Call this out as the norm so we know what we are fighting
Police actions against residents of Ferguson? Baltimore? Hope they rank up there.
Your young you'll see more just wait
WTF how about Standing Rock?
Were you an adult in 2005?
in America, but how about what You sanctioned in Libya?
@marcylauren I lived civil rights, Vietnam war protests, women rights, gay rights movements. Closest 2 civil war I've seen.
You missed it because you ignored other voices like Standing Rock #WaterIsLife Ferguson #BlackLivesMatter Your silence permitted #cville
@markos I'm older than you..I've seen worse..but, all is unacceptable !!
did you miss ferguson, baltimore, nyc? hate and violence is not limited to one group of people
And Ferguson? Both are wrong
They are #terrorists and should be dealt with as such.  #Charlotteville
At least since Berkeley Ferguson Baltimore and the woman's march for no reason
you didn't see the riots of 60's and 70's then
What about your whole life. 9/11 ?
do you see images of what happened on sept 11 2001? how about New Orleans and Katrina? Pearl Harbor? Civil war? OK City bombing? Columbine?
L.A. riots...
...mom be quiet or they'll shoot you too!...never ever forget
I still hear them in my head even though I wasn't really there, " please tell me you did NOT just kill boyfriend!!!"
For me, it is these men serving as advisors in the White House.
Ferguson, Mike Brown, Philando...help me out Twitter. Any other American televised violence that haunts you daily?
...She calls it what it is, domestic terrorism. Attacking her over other things is divisive and not helping. Sorry. 
People, PLEASE stay in the HERE and NOW. There've been horrific things that have happened, her tweet says "some" of the worst...1/
This should not be happening in our time. But it is. It is a sign of things to come.
And it will only get worse if he doesn't clearly denounce & punish them. #ImpeachTrumpNow or democracy is over. Ppl are tired of this hate!!
I remember Kent state and dem. Convention in Chicago.
Can we have a "Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions" of anyone that give these dead-enders a platform?
I am angry and heartbroken. My step father and uncle didn't fight the Nazis to have them roost here at home.
Not surprising though looking at all the hate generated against HRC last year as well as minorities & Muslims.
@AshleyJudd 9/11 comes to my mind. Hate was definitely present from all sides in Charlottesville. Death of innocents on 9/11
You must not have been around for the civil rights movement • before then slavery • during those days beheading, hanging ETC
Both of these Leftist "elitist" are incoherently virtue signaling after they supported their warmonger President Obama! For example: Manbij!

You must've been under a rock in '94.
Guess you missed the Crown Heights riots, eh?   Was that the year of your high school prom at the segregated emma willard school?
Don't get out much? Looked like every other Antifa or BLM event. It has been happening for awhile now.
And this is the America.
Senator, you have had a sheltered adult life.
Please:  #DOSOMETHING #ENOUGH
Too young for Kent State???
Wake up stop living in a balloon BLM has been bullhorning this message about ur so called America
The senator wrote "some of the worst". Why not unify instead of calling her out?
Live longer you'll c worst stroll through white America history right in Oregon state just 1 state! at emmit till. All 50 US states is hate
I respect you and your conviction but this statement implies you haven't been fully paying attention. Do better. Get new glasses
Savages
Good but whats your plan of action in the Senate to stop this? We are sick of canned platitudes.  We want action. #talkischeap
A big thing you can do is make it federal law that no LEOs can have any ties to terrorist groups IE white nationalists. #KKKcops exist.
Still waiting for you to blame Trump.....

Really? It wasn't 9/11? Granted what happened today was sad. But really? You've had your eyes closed gif a long time then.
Really? The Dallas murder of cops in the street during BLM wasn't bad? The riots in LA after the Simpson trial was good, too?
Those riots were from the cops on trial for the beating of Rodney King.
Please fight harder Dems need to do more
You're very lucky. Many have experienced far worse.
Shouldn't you be more interested in criminalizing white supremacists over people who want to divest from Israel?
I'm sorry, but now is not the time for this kind of thing. *Three* people died in Virginia today.
Does this mean she's sponsoring legislation to criminalize white supremacist groups?
This is a **shocking** admission of total ignorance of what has been happening in America over the last decade.
Or more correctly, for our entire history.
We are the class of the civilized world, right?
I wished I could say that...
You must have lived a very sheltered life.Unfortunately innocents live w/the threat of violence daily.Newburgh NY?What have u done about it?
Good thing you are not a person of color
Yes, and we have a leader who will not condemn it for what it is.
You should get out more.
If those were black people doing that they would have been hosed down/tear gassed & police dogs would have been let loose on them.believe it
But her emails

Reminds me of the 60's,tho we weren't violent
this is what #TrumpsAmerica represents why is everyone so damned surprised. he wont condemn them and he works with him. trump ran on racism!
You mean pictures of Philando Castile, Tamir Rice, Eric Garner , Sandra Bland didn't get your attention.
You need to travel more
Imagine the image 12yr old Tamir Rice saw before he was killed.
Be grateful you missed the #CivilRights years. Then it was police with horses, dogs, and firehoses instead of 1 shit-head in a Charger.
That's pretty sad. And not at all comforting tbh. Racism has been worse than this for a long long time
@PrincessBravato... glad you are paying attention because now you will notice more
As long as there are those who will fight Trump and his Nazi party then we will prevail. I know I'll fight. #Charlottesville #Resistance
You must not have been looking very hard.
@SenGillibrand, the leadership of individuals like you is needed now more than ever. I hope you will look at these situations and (1)
and consider a run for the highest office in the land. Nobody has all the answers, but we need strong leadership like yours. (2)
We need a leader who can help our nation heal, and who can look for answers in our best instincts. You can be that uniting figure. (3)
Just think there are older black people that have seen this there whole life. My mom would say this is a crying  shame.
Thank you Senator for calling it for what it was instead of dancing around the words neo-Nazism and Domestic Terrorism
Trumps new America. Lovely, no?
So you missed the sixties I take it
I've see way too many days like today...nightmares compounded. I had hoped we were better than this till November, 2016. Foretold.
It's always been there ... only now you have a #POTUS that allows it in plain sight without condemnation!
Thank you, senator
Ok, too young for Watts but the '92 riots (verdicts on King's beatings) we're surely within your adult hood.  Was your Head in the sand?
Remember Birmingham, Alabama, 1963, Bull Connor, Lester Maddox and his barrel of pick axe handles in Georgia. I rememberbeing terrified.
Radicals are worst than animals,I have personal experience in Albany,NY
While I agree it's awful, I don't know if it's the worst. Ferguson was pretty awful and so were a few others. It's sad America can't unite.
And yet you support Israel
We need the entire Congress to speak out in condemnation.#Trump failed miserably in his mealy-mouthed bs statement.
Our democracy was under attack in Washington with riots on Inauguration Day. Yourself, Schumer and Cuomo remained silent.
Yes, you are so correct, the intolerance of the left is truly disgusting and so unAmerican
So you didnt watch BLM destroy cities?
Make them pay in the legislature
welcome back to the beginning of the 60's thanks to president shit for brains
Did u not see what they did to other ppl's property and in the colleges tearing them apart oh yes the Dems wanted these protests
I agree. It's a very depressing scene. It's a very depressing day.
All courtesy of all president that refuses to condemn this hatred. Everyday that @POTUS is in office is a danger to all Americans.
America has shown it's true face today :(
I totally agree.
I truly believed that this kind of imagery was in our past.
48 years of my life saw progress, this past one regression.
You must live a sheltered life. Berkeley, Ferguson, Baltimore, Milwaukee, Dallas.
There are worse but I doubt they've been published. @amyoleary
Not if you were around in the 1960's
#DetroitMovie Is brutal truth
Then you have VERY selective memory making you nothing but a political hack.
@SenGillibrand Where were you in 1967?
She was one.
You look old for your age. though it be tragic,  not the worst I've seen in America. Your statement is somewhat tragic
I can't....I just can't. They are domestic terrorists.
Stick around, that Tall Cotton is getting taller by the second...! It starts with Hump being in the WH! Do your job, IMPEACH
Heartbreaking and terrifying.
Mine, too, Senator. Please take action.
His administration is destroying our country and everything it stands for. We need to stop it. Before it's too late.
This has absolutely nothing to do with Trump.
Please run for president, Senator Gillibrand
Nukes & Nazi's the new USA. trump could have been impeached months ago for using the office to enrich himself. Day 205=93 days off
minimum
Trump is taking this contry back a hundred years.  May God Help Us.
What decade is this? What's become of our country when people still capable of this mindset? A heartbreaking return to the dark ages.
heartbreaking
Me too. :'(  I never imagined I would actually witness the insanity from our past returning .
#BannonMillerGorkaMustGo, Senator.
And you democrat are behind it all
I can not believe I am living though this in 2017 things I only read about in history books. trumps summer 2016 indicated this wld happen
I've seen worse from black protesters.  Where were you then?
Are you joking - did you miss the Rodney King beating?? Pull your head out and stop being a drama queen
#AllOnDonaldsShoulders
Agreed
I don't know, Ferguson was pretty damn bad
Where have you been?  Oh wait, yeah...
Have you been asleep for the last 20 yrs lady ?
Agreed, it looks like The Purge.
Somebody in Congress needs to take charge and #StopTrumpBreitbartCoup #EnoughIsEnough
Hatred and Bigotry, absolutely Yes 
Worst ever in your lifetime .. 9/11 ...
Born in 1946; teen, early 20's during 1960's.  It got baaaaad. Hope this stops sooner than later.
I have seen worse, but not by much @realDonaldTrump just emboldened them there will be more.
This is a creation that's been evolving for 8 years obama was the great divider
Do something like impeaching the one man who caused this and will not stop until he is gone.
Thanks ! You win! Dumbest tweet of day
This was a terroristic act! Who are the terrorists? Was it ISIS? They should be sent to Guantanamo and interrogated?
And your #Presdent is eating popcorn enjoying it with #Bannon @realDonaldTrump @CNN @JoeNBC  @JoyAnnReid @MaxineWaters @maddow @tedlieu
They are bad, especially car crashing in. But some I've seen show counter-protesters as aggressors.
