What about millionaires who are sick because their net worth is only 8 digits instead of 9. Can't we help their achieve their goals?
You know the ACA made the CEOs of the insurance companies way more money than they ever saw before right?
Yes, they had more customers than ever. You know who also benefitted.. people who needed health care.
My OOP went from 10k/year to 25k/year
Last year over 45% of my pretax income went to healthcare and childcare, how's that fair?
You're 100% correct. That isn't right. What's your suggestion ... go back to no healthcare at all for you?
More than 1/2 of the people covered by the ACA were forced onto it because they could no longer afford it any other way
Q: uninsured person goes to the hospital and can't pay... something that could have been treated by primary care doc. Who ends up paying?
We weren't struggling before the ACA my out of pocket cost went up 150% with that law getting passed
If you've gotten used to that increase you prob won't mind twice that much?
Yes please I've always wanted to pay $50k/year for insurance
Don't wish that on anyone. If you're hoping for a better deal w AHCA.....keep on dreaming.
The people telling us it's a bad deal still tell us today that the ACA made insurance cheaper for everyone.
Nothing is true for everyone. There were exceptions. But on the whole one cld count on everything being covered.
So you believe that people that get jobs and work hard should be forced to pay for those that choose not to take care of themselves??
Actually I believe we need single payer univ HC coverage. :-)
You helped create this mess in he first place! How many (millions) of Middle Class, tax paying, hard working Americans lost ins. bc Ocare?
Not many have u actually seen the data. Please read & understand the numbers before u tweet an issue. We are all lied 2
If you two can't do anything to help, NO one can.   HELP!!!!!
Proposed tax cuts for ultra wealthy is a start to funding equitable health care for all. Obscene amounts of wealth in the hands of all? No!
#same
@InSpiteOfTrump It's time to #March4HealthCare. We can not let Mitch get away with this
Please keep fighting! GOP is in this for the rich, not for America.  We need ACA and must not destroy Medicaid.
R don't care what constituents say.  Why?  Need to check if $$$$ involved.
Ignoring the problem like NY senators have is more insulting.
premiums now a little more than double. And my 750 ded is now 6K. Thanks to Obama, Roberts and dems like you shoving it down our throats
Don't fret @realDonaldTrump and the rest of the scum GOP will think of something to top even their own new low!
why doesn't EVERY democrat call for impeachment?There has to b plenty of grounds at this point.Why wait until USA is damaged?
If you spent time understanding the underlying issue you would find it is trying to get some control on the out of control costs.
Can we quit being surprised that republicans don't give a damn about the vast majority of Americans.
@GOP doesn't even care about their poor, ignorant voting base. As long as they've got DJT to keep them 
Republicans obviously trying to get government out of healthcare business. This is a plan to destroy any healthcare for all.
All you have to do is think what would satan do? X2
Can't wrap my mind around proposing any bill that would take away coverage from the sick, elderly & children for a tax cut for millionaires
we regular folks can't, but the rich can imagine it all day long apparently
You insult us by your rants & inaction on healthcare. I don't think u actually know what we deal w/ 2 pay Dr & drugs. Give us your plan!
Thank you Sen. Gillibrand.  Proud to have you as my senator!
I can - it's called obamacare.  It was so good you had to ram it down our throats and exempt yourself from it.
It's a direct attack on 55-64 year olds. We should file a class action lawsuit against McConnell for age discrimination.  Any takers?
The high cost of health care got higher with Obamacare.  Your party failed us.
We agree. Wd be great if you and your Dem colleagues would propose a "fix" to ACA. We need something to fight FOR. We're mobilized and ready
As a pediatrician working in the Bronx, I Thx U for all ur support-Medicaid Recipients R 50% #Children #KeepKidsCovered
You're right. Just as Obamacare was never affordable as advertised....awful.
You go girl!  If they want to give tax breaks, give them to everyone that earns under $100,000.
Why don't you get us ALL on the insurance plan  for Senators Kirsten?  When are you and your family going to get on Obamacare?
You just have to pass it to find out what is in it!  C'mon G-Brand when did you start caring about working Americans anyway.
Agreed. Let's see some action please
If this assclown makes it 4 years, you're gunna fuck him up.
Just the previous House bill...
You must be talking about Obamacare
The costs of Iraq war, which they just had to do ?  But funds to insure kids and old folks ?
How about as a goodwill gesture Congress drops their golden insurance plan and uses what both parties can come up with for the rest of us!
10804 here, we are behind you 150%. Fight this any way you can! Grind business to a halt so they have to talk about this over recess.
Says a liberal who represents the so out of touch that they lose special elections? Hmmm
Reporting suggests that I agree but can't you and Senator Schumer say something positive also? Suggest a course of action maybe?
She would rather just sit on the sideline, collect her paycheck and bitch about everything...
@redboybroken pissypussy is a troll
@redboybroken I was raised not to hate but now I do! I hate dt and family n pals and all the bad people who don't care!
McConnell claims ppl don't want health ins. or can't afford it. Just get sick w/o coverage. I did. A nightmare on steroids.
This constituent thanks you for fighting for us.
Senator Gellibrand, please stop the bill! Do everything in your power.
Sure you can, keeping Obamacare in place would be a HUGE insult.
Which makes irrefutable the utter lack of regard & compassion the GOP has for constituents who are not large campaign donors.
And the carnage is going to be widespread. Wait to see the impact this law would have on employer-provided insurance!
If there's a way to make it more insulting I'm sure the GOP will come up with it.
Sorry, we had to cut 14 million people off Medicaid because those making $200,000 a year couldn't afford a 3.8% tax on investment income.
The democrats caused the health care mess we are in. Talk about out-of-touch Kiki.
@jennybethm
@melodyburns
@fud31
@HeyTammyBruce
#MAGA
Hey nit wit, the GOP has done nothing for HEALTHcare. Dems tried, but how dare the black guy use the plan REPUBLICANS created, now hate..
Can you explain to me why not using healthcare yet paying into my taxes because I couldn't afford healthcare is good for me?
Thank you, Sen. Gillibrand.  You are truly looking out for not only New Yorkers but everyone!
I struggle and I have employer supported health care that takes 1,971 out of my teacher paycheck in the Bay Area. 
That's right Senator..and do the right thing and vote NO!! NY is counting on you and Chuck!
The solution to too much government is never more government. Both parties need to stop ruining our lives.
Ok so what????
Do everything you can! Set the building in fire or something!
Are Congress and staff exempt from this horrific bill?  As your constituent, I'd like to know .  #Resist!
What are you going to do about it?
lori is likely a troll
Ever get the sense the end goal is managing people like livestock?
I wonder what the insurance industry has in mind as a goal for lowering life expectancy to maximize profit?
Fuck yeah #MAGA
Thank you. As a constituent, I urge you to use all tactics to stop it, incl. filibustering by amendment to force hearings & CBO score.
And democrats option oh right obamacare, how's that working out
Keep fighting, state ALL facts f this bill so trumpsters can SEE in PRINT,  affects their parents, veterans, kids, neighbors!
Especially since you in Congress and Senate enjoy such a Cadillac policy on the taxpayers dollar
How many times did you call congress today?
202-212-3121
Keep calling til they're bawling!
They not answering, just voicemail on!!!
Revolt but not with a Colt!
Sharp minds and words aimed well is what will fell these men from hell!
#RiseUpPeopleRiseUp 
#KeepCalling
#AGAIN
I support truth and facts and honorable acts and I despise the rise of the lies as don cries! #RiseUpPeopleRiseUp
Exactly, please tell that to @SenJohnMcCain and @JeffFlake
The #US political system is the greatest insult to average hard working Americans. It treats them as voting fodder and then ignores them.
Continue to fight for us Sen Gillibrand!
I can! OBAMACARE!!...........the UNAFFORDABLE ACT!!!
You passed O-care 7 years ago, thought by no healthcare would be cheap as can be? Another idiotic statement Senator.
Please filibuster by amendment & keep it going all the way to 2018 @ezralevin
I do! AMA. Stop the bickering and find a solution together!
That's why you'll never make a good Republican.
High cost of healthcare is the fault of Obama and the Democrats including you Senator
Oh, I'm sure the #GOP could. Their disregard for average Americans knows no limits. #AHCA
I can, if Rand Paul, Ted Cruz, etal had their way. I do not see how these people live with theirselves.
It came from the place that is a more wretched hive of scum and villainy than the Mos Eisley spaceport in Star Wars
Trumpcare 2 is good news for the wealthy & very bad news for those who need healthcare most & can afford it least. Why is anyone surprised?
Give them time, I'm sure they'll come up with one.
Ryan says they will have "access" to health care. Access meaning it's there, they just can't afford it!
It's a good thing you are not in a position to negotiate, because those are harsh words to bring to the table.
Word.
Then please commit to filibustering by amendment if the R leadership insists on bringing the bill to a vote!
Swear all you want Senator  Doesn't hurt.
Oh, sure you can.....
