No person should be barred from military service on account of gender identity either.
Why because it's mean?
No, because it's wrong and unconstitutional. It's a failure of training if the gender identity of one soldier matters to another.
1st it's not unconstitutional, no one with psychological issues is allowed to serve, the training of the military should never bow to that
It's not a psychological issue; it's medical.  The question is whether the people can do their jobs.  Their gender identity is irrelevant.
It's 100% psychological, many have said it the military is no place for social experimentation
Of being a transgendered person were psychological, surgery would not be the solution.
The Constitution does not create exceptions for the military. It is bound just USA any part of our society is.
Nobody cares about their gender identity, it's their mental deficiency that is the reason. #DischargeTransTroops
The military is looking for a few good men. Especially if your disappointed in transgenders in the military. Be a real man n enlist.
I already served, did you?
Perhaps you need to re-enlist then. Perhaps take a transgenders place. Your the one who is all hot n bothered over them serving, not me. Lol
A non sequitur which is expected from a leftist.
After all our government does order businesses to be equal opportunity employers.  What's good for the goose is good for the gander.
Bull Shit!If they don't know who or what they are yes they should be discharged!We don't need to pay for sex changesThey lied on enlistment
No 1 paying for sex changes, silly. Do UR research. We need all the brave souls we can get in a war w/N. Korea. UR mindset is toxic to US.
Yes tax money is paying for theirs in the military do your research and see the cost and recovery time? But then you have a point person
You are correct that Tricare has covered it since Oct of last yr. However, read this ind study for more info
They lied on enlistment papers that's a federal offense. We casterate calves I'd be more then glad to casterate them!
Good luck at the pearly gates, sir.
Good luck to you hope up like hot without air condition
We agree no one should leave there military post but also no one should have sex change paid for by USA its a life long cost
They need a few good men to enlist n go to Afghanistan, you enlisting in the morning? Since your disappointed in transgender serving?
Dumb democrat!
Nobody with the mental instability that can't figure out if they are a man or a woman, if a man thinks he is a woman, has a serious illness.
So we subject someone who is so mentally ill that they mutilate their genitals to pretend to be another gender to more psychological trama?
All while my hard earned money buys their meds that they have to take because of their mental state.
Ask yourself is this really necessary and or helpful in the process of making America safe again  You jeopardize our safety for few perverts
No one should destroy an innocent mans life with false rape accusations, but here you are 
No they shouldn't. Thats unfair. Those of us who are not, need to learn to show consideration & respect. Esp for military members.
What are the voters of Ny thinking Schumer and Gilibrand a wing nut and a ding bat
Gentlemen the military has offices open around the country n they open at 9 am. Your local recruiter will be happy to sign you up.
Agreed n thank you.
If they can't spend an entire tour of duty without treatment, we don't need them.  If you push it, then allow diabetics in!
Perhaps because diabetes is a chronic disease increasing ones risks to greater health concerns, lowering combat effectiveness/deployability?
Does not treatment/maintenance effect the combat effectiveness/deployability for a transgender?  I have no idea?
I mean, hormone therapy still needs to be maintained.  Does this inhibit the ability to be at an FOB?
To my understanding, there are no health risks to missing hormone therapy treatments.  Diabetes, not so much
Yeah, I know if I miss my insulin I have issues.  I figured a 238 day tour would still require hormone therapy treatments each week or day.
And then maintaining conditions for said hormone treatment storage.  Not every grunt gets a fridge to keep stuff cool.
You have never served this country!  You have no idea of what works and doesn't!  Please refrain from opening your air intake.
Opening your air intake 
And why are taxpayers paying for gender reassignment.  How are these soldiers deployable?  The military is a war fighting machine.
It's the UCMJ that will Decide this Issue! People with Mental and or Physical Issues can NOT be in our Military!
#DebtAbuseExceeds19Trillion
#NoCongressShouldEver
#OverspendTheirIncome
#ProtectAmerica from #Collapse by
#DeadlyDebt or
#LeaveCongress
If people wish to complain about transgenders being in the military. Gentlemen here is your chance to join to serve n protect your country.
Well it seems that hurricane Irma identifies as an earthquake. Florida needs to prepare for an earthquake.
They can always find other ways to serve this country. You've got career politician written all over you.
I stand for all vets who are willing to sacrifice and put their lives on the line. Gender identity has nothing to do with duty/honor.
No, but they should be based on Mental Disorders that may affect their combat.  Just like Diabetes would affect a soldier, medicine.
Ur hands r shooting not ur down below
Or their DACA standing
None are- fear monger
Yo airhead you mean people cannot identify their gender so they must invade our military to get a free sex change you're out there sicko
This whole identity thing is kind of stupid isn't it?
No wait I'm a fruit   I identity as a fruit.   Anyone eating fruit is racist
Get real your in congress. It's science. It's not an emotion that changes.  No wait I'm. Tree.  I have a tree identity  
Pick a gender and serve the military is not a cocoon for you
Huh???
Maybe they wouldn't know which end of the rifle to hold?  Weapon identity?  Are they a person or an animal? Animal identity?
Male & Female are the only options available. Biologically, physically different. This social experiment has no place in military.
Or for their immigration status.
No one should be denied the opportunity to serve either!!
No current military members are being discharged based on gender. Do you have anything of substance to share with The People?
They don't allow alot of people.. too tall/short too fat/too tiny,handicaps, and mental illness
@SenGillibrand Hillary Clinton is badmouthing your Democrat buddies pretty good, WOW...... Even Trump wouldn't backstab you like that!!
I am so grateful you are one of my Senators. I wish there were more as passionate about human rights as you! Keep up the good work!
That depends if they lied on their enlistment paperwork.cant enlist as a female and then say you're a male,that would be a UCMJ 77
no one on as many meds as a transgender should serve in the military.


Agreed.
Don't Trans people have a higher rates of suicide? ideation? Should they be carrying guns? Handling Other weapons of war?
Says who? Are you trying to legislate on twitter?
No current active duty service member should be sharing their gender identity and attempt to cross dress while being shot at. #DangerousGame
#ProtectTransTroops
No they shouldn't anyone that signs up to protect  and defend us should be accepted no one should face discrimination this is America
Is this opinion based on your combat experience?
YOU SHOULD FIX NEW YORK TAXES AND NOT WORRY ABOUT THE MILITARY DO YOUR JOB OBSTRUCTIONIST
Or be barred from joining to defend their country!!!!
Sure they should every1s being banned and discriminated against it would be wrong not to include them
Or falsely accused of #Rape
No to discrimination
Whatever type
Whatever form
Together we stand 
Together we are stronger
I know I am tired of the media only telling the democrats side of all stories
Ever
#outoftouch
The military is not a social club. It is a defense/offense tool for the President. We don't need distractions when war looms. Remember that.
Then how do you determine their fitness for duty? Do you test them as their "preferred" gender or their biological one?
Whew!!!  Now I can sleep tonight.
