you realize tax returns are visible to the IRS doesn't need to be visible to all citizens.
You realize that the point of releasing them is to prove your not financially obligated to outside powers. Like a @Potus working for Russia.
I find it very strange that you are pushing to violate someone's 4th amendment. How very constitutional of you.
She wants the government to forcefully take and release Trump's tax returns? Also do you know why every #POTUS releases their tax returns?
They are trying to legislate it right now.
what proposal are you referencing since (1) the tweet is about voluntary disclosure (2) financial disclosure laws are allowed under 4A
They are trying to pass a bill through the congress requiring tax returns. He filed his financials. That is a threat to the 4th amendment.
financial disclosure laws regarding public officials are allowed under 4A including to deal with possible conflicts of interest
Yes, that's why you have to file financial disclosures. This isn't about transparency this rancor is seeking to deliver a political blackeye
(1) Sen. Gillibrand has done these things long before Trump ran (2) Trump violated basic norm & if anything he needed to follow it MORE
No law requiring that he show them. It would just be to appease libs. WE don't care. DOING A GREAT JOB. #MAGA
Yes, @SenGillibrand is doing a great job! And how was it that Trump was never going to leave the White House and rarely go golfing?
Never heard of her, and don't care. He works while on golf course. Most businessmen do.
Obama didn't work FOR our countryon or off the golf course.
Wow, you are in full denial about Obama (see auto industry as one example). Sorry that you're so ignorant. Trump is working for himself.
No. you are in full denial about Trump (see jobs for example). Obama was the biggest hoax ever played.
He only helped save the big 3 Anerican auto industry. Trump, biggest fraud ever. Yeah, anybody can create jobs when u just bomb countries.
He wasn't a gov't employee in 2016. Now next year I think he should.
Brava, Senator Gillibrand! Hope our Colo. Senators will post theirs, too.
Please run for POTUS in 2020, maybe w. Sen. Booker. 
#Taxes
Trump emailed his taxes to Hillary. Ask her. #ThisIsLiberalism
Mr. President: Will you do the same? Shame!
Fact that our "prez" has businesses in foreign countries is reason alone he needs to release his returns, you know, so he doesn't do favors.
I never knew taxes return reveal all your business interests?
So you can own businesses and make money from them and not report it on your taxes? Income has to come from somewhere.
How about forcing your Republican colleagues to make Trump release his Texas. Make a big deal about it instead of just talking about it
Besides talking about it what could she do...? Hold a gun to his head? Throw stuff at him?
I'm referring to her colleagues. Try to make them address it. They're the ones not doing their job
I've been pretty proud of how the elected Dems have been doing recently. Only a few I want primaried in 2018 and 2020.
I agree I am referring to the lowlife Republicans
Maybe every American should post their tax returns online so we can know if our neighbors support causes we don't like. #PrivacyMatters
Not when you're the leader of the former free world.
It's not a long standing tradition. Started with Nixon. We used to respect the privacy of the individual. Not so anymore. #PrivacyMatters
Yes #PrivacyMatters Oops!
President #Trump signs law overturning Obama-era internet #privacy protections http://ti.me/2n5DQB0 
Not sure I get it. I am not defending Trump. I support Internet privacy laws too. #PrivacyMatters for everyone.
Worry about the state you & you're boy @NYGovCuomo are running into the ground. Most fled state in the US.
#NoReturnsNoReform
Have you considered being a career politician like Schumer?
We need you to visit us regularly
Transparency says that you need to sponsor and attend regular community meetings to look us in our eyes
Thank you!
That's way more important than working on improving our state!
should be law>run for any public office>esp President lawmakers need>enact laws after this debacle>  #Trump#TrumpTaxMarch
Anyone with a ? In their name shouldnt cast stones about being simple.
Any money from George Soros?
Gillibrand post-impeachment special presidential election 2018-ish
@Headerop1 @POTUS you should propose a law Kristen that states everybody who runs for political office must show tax returns
And a law that forces elected folks must sponsor and attend community meetings regularly, in order to rep us properly
Yeah but you're one of the good guys fighting an evil regime. Don't worry. I believe in happy endings.
I love when people do things and then try to guilt others into doing the same. KG, post yours and leave it at that.
Need to vote you out!!
Sadly some politicians have lots to hide...and it would be self-sabotage if they were to disclose. Hmmmm
Good idea. I'd love to see Senate/Congress do this. What's in @SpeakerRyan 's taxes?Get Trump to post his or we'll ask to see all of y'alls.
He will NEVER do this as it will reveal all of his RUSSIA ties!!!!  #Trumprussia
Join with Dianne Feinstein but require all senators to release their tax returns!!
Who cares about your taxes
If the world is to become a much better place for everyone CIA needs to be transparent & admit they can see into the future & take action!
Good for you! All politicians spend years scrubbing tax returns just for this purpose. Theatrics and it means nada.
Thank you
Thanks Kirsten! Hi. Could we also do something about the potus under #russiagate investigation trying to change the subject with war?
Also mandatory drug testing and annual forensic audits for all politicians! #DrainTheSwamp
Even HRC released her tax returns. I don't remember that proving she wasn't a corrupt, lying corporate puppet, but go ahead
Because evidence and facts don't mean anything to you. If 20 years of investigations and tax returns didn't, nothing would.
Thank you Senator!!
45 should be doing a lot of things!  Since he isn't, can he just go?
Then change the law. Otherwise you don't care.

No one should really care. Fix the tax code @sengillibrand your top priority appears to be political drivel. Priorities!
Trump only wants transparency in the swimsuit competitions at his beauty pageants.
I hope you do, Senator Gillibrand—and I hope it is the first step toward you running for President! #resist #2020
Please show us your transparency!!
(3) Bid rigging in upstate. (4) Governors aides under indictment.
I bet you won't be transparent about the following: (1) SUNY Nano corruption (2) state thruway bldg demolished 1 yr old 4 million to build.
Everyone in congress ,senate and the president should show there taxes.Thanks Senator Gillibrand for being transparent 
#TaxMarch #nyc 

In case you were out of pocket today, here's a brief summary of current events. Keep the faith. #TaxMarch #TheResistance 
To restore Public Faith in the Integrity of the Office and Person of the  President, @realDonaldTrump should release his #TrumpTaxReturns
That means @POTUS can post his next week as well
I have deep respect for you Senator. You hold true to your principles in an era where your colleagues have none. Keep up the good fight.
An honest public servant would have no problem revealing their income sources. @realDonaldTrump is neither honest nor a public servant!
Seriously, who cares about your returns. You just incite stupidity among marches. Move on.
Maybe for you, but not the #democrats
Don't care abt Trump's tax returns.My family's going broke paying 4 healthcare.U don't care abt that-Obamadoesn'tcare
@ThomasJ17762016 @POTUS Not to worried about u ! Him on other hand ya real curious
Hey LOOK! Another woman more competent than our orange POTUS KOOPA CHILD! He hates these sorts of women...
Yes he does bigly
I really don't care about nor care to see anyone's tax returns!

Nobody cares
Why should Trump post his income taxes? Just to satisfy you?? Get over it. Move on to your next petty issue.
Thank you @SenGillibrand for speaking up for all Americans who feel voiceless
No one cares about Your Taxes or @POTUS's Taxes. You're tweeting for attention. Concentrate on Working for the American people! #libtard
Nobody cares about your tax returns.
Well Trump just got in office. Why did you wait until now to do it?  Dem inciting violence  and riots against Americans not gonna end well
I can care less about Trumps or yours tax returns. I'd rather you disclose who "donates" or "lobbies" to/for you.
already did and paid more
Gee Kirsten if your pal Lois Lerner was still in control of the IRS she could have broken the law once again to obtain the info needed.
It's not required, there's a reason it's not required.
He paid more taxes than socialist, Bernie & Obama. We want to see, Susan Rice's tax return too to see how she made $30 million
Glad Dems are focused on what's really important to the non-George Soros folk
Keep it up, senator.
Force the bill to fruition. Put pressure on the House.
Thank you! Most Americans care about @POTUS conflicts of interest with biz & foreign govs. Trump has NEVER earned my trust.
Literally not one person cares.
I do  so here's one!
people don't care.... Move on
we agree. That's why you should have helped the families in Minisink, NY instead of ignoring them. Help stop CPV power plant
Stop focusing on taxes and fix NY.  That should be ur priority, not trying to be popular. It just show how weak u r. #MAGA

Why is this so important? There are more important issues to attend to rather than draw attention to self. Smh!!
#RussianHoax is falling apart #SusanRice story went public.Trump showing U.S. muscle so quick change our narrative, right? #TaxMarch 
Gillibrand, things you have in common with Trump: 
nobody cares about your taxes.
Thank you to all public officials who understand that public trust is an essential part of success in public service.
Politics is not a service, they all get paid very very well from our taxes and the bribes (lobby) they take
Who cares 
NY leading by example.
Not interested in your taxes or your liberal thinking.
As someone leaked them, found he paid alot, I'd say all you democrips and rebloodlicans have more up your sleeves than a dirty elbow
Good for you. When you start demanding that everyone pay their fair share of taxes, do let me know.
Who gives a fuck. Stop trying to capitalize on Trump's fame.
Senator Gillibrand, you don't have to! Honest people assuming responsibility for leadership are not afraid of living in a glass house! 
all Dems should post their returns. Pressure these Republicans "patriots" to expose their crooked leader
Trump has paid more taxes in 1yr than you, @SenSchumer & @POTUS44 combined in your lifetimes #LetItGo #maga
It's not about what taxes he's paid, it's about where his income is from. What conflicts of interests there are.
I don't trust anyone who says that they don't care about Trump's tax returns. Blind faith is a dangerous, dangerous thing. As he's proving.
the tax returns will change nothing. we know what trump is. we beat him with policy. start with that fdr second bill of rights thing.
So proud you are our senator
Thanks but I don't give a shit about your taxes or Trumps
lots of people are and it's good practice to uphold transparency and guard against abuse thus the now long held norm he violated
Can you post the Iran Deal while your at it? I'm interested in seeing what taxpayers gave $700 million in cash for
Kristen you need to start thinking beyond the senate...your talents are needed at a MUCH higher level.
Like dog catcher
thank you Senator Gillibrand. 
You go Senator! Planning any trips to Iowa or New Hampshire by any chance? 
Why not now?
I can imagine public figures tax returns are much longer to get together than yours or mine.
Is there any requirement for @realDonaldTrump to post his tax returns? I'm guessing his are a bit more complicated than yours
You are a fraud, you could care less about the tax payers in NY, continue to be Charles Schumers lap dog
Who cares LOSER !!
Tell us about Pakistani Muslim Awan bros that hacked USA security. This is what's more important to Americans.  Lying #SusanRice  #TaxMarch
