I'll work and stand up to see the Democratic Party disassociate itself from Bernie.
Revolutionaries' Ages
Chairman Mao: 56
Bernie Sanders 79??????????
Fidel Castro: 33 
Daniel Ortega: 34 
Hugo Chavez:rs 45 
Evo Morales: 47
BS just go home..
We stood up and demanded change on November 8, 2016. I am proud of @POTUS. I'll be proud of the fine ppl of NY when they #VoteKristenOut.
That is why HRC was defeated.
Democracy fails when we do stand up and demand change, and nothing changes. Which is the problem today. Too much political greed'
Thank you.  That's just what I did. Luckily Trump won.
And at least try to work with the  other party and exchange opinions. Share ideas.
Do u think GOP will do it now?  They didn't want any help from dems for their ACA debacle.
How do you know the GOP didn't want any help? The info from Liberal news or Senator Gillibrand?
Funny. That's the same reason Trump got voted in. If this were true then change would have happened by now
We demand that Dems don't put the insurance industry, Wall St and arms makers above the people. Medicare for all, free college.
Are you joking? KG is one of the most active and forthcoming Senators. Wish we had 100 KGs in the Senate....OK, keep Elizabeth and Al.
Nothing we can do will stop crazy 45 from hitting the nuclear button. We need congress to remove him now!
We were all at the Rochester rally tonight
Democracy doesn't work when you curtail US freedom of speech for foreign Israel so wealthy Zionists will fund you.
Trump has unchecked access to nukes and he's crazy. Much as I hate Pence & the cabinet, time to invoke 25th amendment,  prevent nuclear war.
We also need regular people to run for office otherwise we're left with professional politicians, millionaires and celebrities
we demand all the dirty odumbo admin be put on trial for crimes against humans. Libya for one.. their day will come soon enough krissy...
I would like to see many changes in social programs because they make people dependent on gov, but you and your party refuse to address it.
I urge the state to provide me with a fair wife! It's my right. I'm being discriminated against! (Am I a good democrat now, please? )
American democracy works for Dems when we nominate candidates like Obama, who are progressives in whose victory Blacks and Latinos invest.
Remove this president via the 25th Amendment or impeachment. He is unfit and dangerous.
I as a now ex Democrat voted for the changes I wanted to see. Many of my friends did the same. It wasn't Hillary, decades liar she was.
#WeDemand you just #BudgetYourIncome 
#NationalDebtCanBePaidOff in
#60Years by
#MakingPaymentsToPrincipal of a
#ThirdOfATrillion
#Save400B
You out of office
Plz work to fix health care! Lower premiums, lower drug prices! No good to have health care we can't afford to use. Like having none at all!
The changes would be to stop The Quack President from taking America and all people down. War, really???
U KNOW MY INTERESTS POSITIONS & PREFRENCES.....
#NeverTrumpHillary Go Ahead, Back Hillary Clinton and Forget All About Her Record http://www.huffingtonpost.com/robert-scheer/go-ahead-back-hillary-cli_b_8272802.html?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … Unbridled Militarism #Corporatist
We did that in November and all you've done since then is fight us...
Democracy works when you're willing to compromise. You never want to.
We did and we voted in Trump! And now people like you were trying to stock him.
I demand a change in your anti-free speech policy to criminalize protest against apartheid perpetuated by the state of Israel.
Did democracy work yet?
Unless your "President" acts as though the country he's "ruling" is no longer a democracy & that the people who disagree w/him don't matter.
Well we've been screaming about Trump for months
Okay, I demand you do a lecture tour (2late4MSM w/Sinclairization) with the whole gang & flail raw truth @ the masses.
I #standupndemand Dem Party strong position reproductive rights. #ProChoiceOrNoSupport  Voting & civil rts, remain strong - women's rts too!
So you think the people want a nuclear war?? You don't win anything but massive losses on both sides that no one recovers from.
Senator, we need federal government oversight of horse racing and a national commissioner for the safety & integrity of the sport.
I'd like to see us all NOT die in nuclear war
@neeratanden unless the DNC decides it wants other changes
or no changes; corruption is a hard habit to break
I mean, we've tried standing up and demanding a new president but we're still stuck with illegitimate Trump. Boo.
How do we stand up right now in this moment against a spineless @gop that is just letting potus threaten a nuclear war? What should we do?
Congress needs to stop him from any action in NK without your approval. He's not sane! Do your job and get him out of office now! #impeach
I want Obamacare repealed and replaced since it's to expensive you don't care since I pay for yours! You work for US
Ok! Quit lobbying for PHILLP MORRIS and stop cursing all the time!
He must leave WH now!!!
We stand up against YOU!!!
I demand Trump be impeached immediately before he starts WWIII!  I'm standing up!
Then I want to see this insane so called President impeached.
Thanks for listening to the people and supporting single payer health care.
Single Payer came up for a vote and nobody voted for it.
Please work with your colleagues to remove trump from office. He is threatening the safety of the world.
Exactly! We must come together, strive for success & always hope for a brighter tomorrow.

#Valles2020 #KeepItRealAmerica #Nevergiveup
I'd like to see somebody sane in the WH.

How bout removal of racism and threats in west wing and oval- oh in justice too
Dear Santa:  I would like to see Trump removed from office, even if it's in a straitjacket.  That's all I want for Christmas.  Thank you.
Senator, please introduce http://RepairRestoreSafeguard.org 's The Public & Impartial Primaries Act!
I demand that you stand for the Second Amendment and repeal all these foolish and unconstitutional laws.
@DLoesch
@GunOwners
#MAGA
Since we don't live in a democratic country, constitutional republics work when elected officials like you ACTUALLY do their f-ing jobs
Can you come back and remove Trumps ability to nuke? Kthxbye
That is correct and that is why we elected a President this past November MAGA 
Exactly.  That's how it worked in November.
I'd like to see a statement from my Sen. on the presidents determination to drive us into a senseless and potentially nuclear war.
It works better when Congress does their job.
I demand you address the 20 trillion in debt this Country has
Or when your party decides to stop rigging primaries.
The radicals have their own demand of changes, and they fight for it with their own way, is it democracy?
We are a Republic.
I'd like to see western NY replace the potty mouth senator from NY. How's that work for you?
Medicare for all.  Sign @SenSanders bill.  0 senators have sponsored.
Yah girl!
So, how would YOU handle NK nukes with your great experience? Your Obama let this happen! Lying wimp!
No democracy works when u idiots do your job to help the country and those who voted for u and instead of picking up a Ck and doing nothing
#MAGA That why we are here!  @realDonaldTrump Proud!
And what about those of you in Congress?  The time has come 
The time is now
#ImpeachTrumpNow
the change I want to see is that war mongering maniac out of the white house
I demand you do something about the AWFUL Mass transit in this state.  #IVOTE
Primary Rigger
SENATOR WE ALL! IF WE HAVE ANY WISDOM! SHOULD BE INVOLVED!
#GillibrandsGottaGo
Yes too bad Dems are nothing but obstructionist. The do nothing Party
3 million MORE did.  She didn't win.
How about you hit the pause button on your campaigning and focus instead on the rapidly escalating NK situation...
Please save us all. CC: All of Congress.
And it doesn't work when politicians like you take the easy money and sell the rest of us out.
I demand all in congress take an IQ test.
Thanks. We did.
And boy are there changes that must be demanded!!!
We did. We where cheated. Bernie won the primary but you all forced her on us and you got Trump.
Then am I 2 assume you support @RepChrisCollins  #SAGA Second Amendment Guarantee Act? I expect you will vote "Yea" when it makes Senate.
End the Fed. Stop the felonious war on drugs. End the petrodollar. End the total disregard for the Constitution. End social experiments.
Yep, like starting with paying your interns. You can't demand a living wage for hard working Americans and then not pay your staff.
Source? That isn't Breitbart or along those lines? WSJ perhaps.
I think you all need to go back to Washington NOW and pass some legislation stopping the orange moron from destroying our country.
I've been standing for six months, my feet are getting tired.
Exactly, whatever you put up with, you end up with.
I stood up and the GOP still captured all 3 branches of gvt. That's what happens when dollars and not people decide elections.
Looking forward to your town hall tomorrow night @SenGillibrand. Thank you!
Where is it??
#25thAmendmentNow
Then I demand that you bring back Firefly!

No, I'm joking please stop the President from killing us all.
Alas I missed Firefly, but hell yes to the second part. 1/
At least get the launch codes changed and given only to the grown ups before Il Cheeto goes family annihilator on everyone.
And then our votes aren't counted & our elected officials suddenly don't have office hours.
And it fails when we demand the changes and an illegitimate Potus is elected that is now going to trick NK into helping end investigation
Please do not let him take us to war for his ego. Our kids are not his toy soldiers.
I don't think we've done this much standing and shouting in decades. Thank you for listening.
Unless of course your voice is silenced by Boyer suppression and gerrymandering other than that, totally works!
