thank keep standing strong and vote no
THANK YOU!!!!

I stand with you as you have voted & spoken against the cabinet of deplorables! Thank you!
Thank you for standing strong against all these outrageous nominees. Proud to have you as my representative.
@LindaCollins11 @SAANYS I taught 25 years in a public school.  Proud to join you and fellow teachers against her appointment.
Thank you
thank you Senator Gillibrand.
Thank you!!!!
@pollyalida @SAANYS Thank you!
And please fight for the EPA and our health.
Thank u 
Thank you for fighting this nomination of an unqualified #GOP donor. Secretary positions aren't for sale! #Resist
ur kicking ass miss keep it up
please block Betsy DeVos. She is not qualified.
you do remember that the teacher's union doesn't represent children? Unions represent their members. More $ please.
THANK YOU!
Thanks for making NY proud. If we're going to invest anywhere, it needs to be for our kids.
Thank you, Senator.
thank you for being a vote of reason. Public education cannot be allowed to be decimated by Betsy DeVos
Stop tweeting and get back to work!
Thank you!!!
Thank you so much!!! Betsy DeVos is the WRONG choice for Ed Secretary
thank you!
Thank you!!
Thank you!
thank you from a vey concerned citizen of NY!!!
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand, for voting "no"against DeVos tomorrow.
Keep it up Kristen!
THANK YOU! <3
thank you!!
THANK YOU
Thank you for being the only Democrat to vote against all Trump nominees so far
You are amazing Kirsten! Your voters have your back! #notDeVos
thank you
thank you
@Triumphrat7 @SAANYS My Senator. Thank You!   
thank you!!!
She is opposed to public education, a basic tenet of our democracy.  She must not be appointed.
I am so proud to have you as my Senator!
As a NYer, I cannot thank you enough for standing up for the American public.
You have been examplary. Keep it up!!
Thank you
Thank you for standing up for the kids!
thank you for standing strong against all confirmations! 
Thank you from a New Yorker and 3rd generation public school kid!
-how much have the teachers unions give you in campaign contributions over the past few cycles?
THANK YOU! I can't sleep at night thinking of her anywhere near a Federal agency. She destroyed education in MI.

 @SAANYS
Me too!! Thanks!!
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@Bigchief201 @SAANYS  batting a thousand Kirsten. We r 
this New Yorker thanks you for your vote against DeVos.
Thank you Senator! Devos is unacceptable, we've already seen what she has done here in MI. Vote no!
thanks
Thank you, Senator!
You are awesome.  TY for fighting against current network of "the good old boys" & their cronies. They are the Swamp!
Thank you for voting no on these nominees.
@KellyLMcKevitt THANK U! Plz take a moment 2 think on Mexicos ports if they bond w our enemies warships in our water  TRUMP
No one is rocking the hearing and votes better than Sen @SenGillibrand #proudNYer. #proudwoman. Keep rocking it. You are the senator hero
So I'm guessing the Teachers Union check was big enough?
Thank you 
Thank you for speaking up and voting NO on DeVos; proud you are my senator
Thank you for protecting our children's future
Thank you!!!!!
Thank you @SenGillibrand!!!
Thank you, Senator. Keep those NO votes up. NY has your back! 
Thank you for standing with the people
Cabinet post should not be based on who donated the most to ruin public  ed.
@mrbabypants @SAANYS thank you for leading on this & defending public education Senator Gillibrand!
. Thank you Senator!!!
Get @chuckschumer on board with Democratic Party so he can help!
@adamberenstain @SAANYS thank you! Keep fighting for us!
Thank You Senator for standing up and voting NO repeatedly! 
Thank you 
thank you Senator Gillibrand!
Thank you!
Thank you!
thank you!
@gpa70 @realDonaldTrump We this after the$$ from the Teacher's Union. No school choice for the disadvantaged right Senator?
That's my Senator!!!!
Thank you!
Thank you!
you are the best!!!!
You're all we have right now, Senator. Hold the line and filibuster or put holds on all of them! Vote no at minimum
Thank you @SenGillibrand for siding with educators for education! @SAANYS
yesssssssss!!
we don't need your vote. -Harry Reid.
a vote against DeVos is a vote for education.
Please also stand against Jeff Sessions!!!
Thank you!
Thank you for your part in standing up against Trump!
Thank You, she is scary.
Thanks for your integrity. As a NYer, I won't forget that you voted no to the #SwampCabinet
as a former SAANYS member, I thank you for the sanity. #noDevos
bravo Senator!!!
Thank you both for your support
Thank you for standing up for education!
how about term limits for career politicians?
Thank you!
GREAT NEWS!
thank you!
you also claim to stand with Modonna so...there's that too.
Thank You!!!
Why didn't you try for the Rep. Nomination?  You will, want you in 2020, please?
Thank you!
You're my hero!
thank you!
and we stand with you in Kingston NY!
Thank you!
Thank you!!!
what are you doing to gain allies in the GOP to make sure our children and our future are protected?
THANK YOU SENATOR
thank you! You are a woman to be admired! Keep up the fight!
can't believe you represent us here in NY....shame.
THANK YOU!!!!
of course you do....can't think for yourself anyway.
Thank you
Thank you, Senator! Hold firm! We're counting on you!
awesome! Do you stand against Pruitt too?!
Thank You Senator!
Thank you for consistently honoring the valid expectation that leaders demonstrate competence and respect for human rights.
thank you !
THANK YOU!!! You are part of the few voting with integrity.  We will not forget in 2020!
Thank you,  we appreciate you!!!
thank you. As a mother of public school kid, and a human being on the planet - thank you with all my heart
as your constituent, thank you! Keep saying no to ALL the picks.
Thank you!
@SayHillYes  This women should be NO where near this post this chick is clueless
Please continue to stand strong!  No to Sessions!  We need voting rights more than ever!
Thank you!
Well done Senator. Stay strong.
Thank you!  Please try to talk some sanity into at least 3 GOP senators & your other Dem colleagues. I'm afraid.
thank you for standing up for public schools and students!
aaaaand that's why your party is in ruins. #shesnotacrony #youdislikechange
Thank you senator
Thank you, Senator!
can you get senator toomey to answer a phone so we can tell him no on Session & DeVos. That in itself would be a win.
<- partisan nonsense, stop wasting our NY seat for your BS agenda.
Thank you for standing up for our children!
Thank you!
Represent, KG! Woot!
Thank you, Sen. Gillibrand.  You are one of the few standing strong for us in DC.
thank you
Stand firm! And thank you.
So proud you are my Senator. Keep fighting for all of us!
Thank you
Have to trust & respect Kristen Gillibrands words. Had a one on one meeting with her, She looks out for her people.
Opps, Kirsten, my apologies !
Thank you Senator. Thank you for all your no votes.
Keep up the good work!
This New Yorker thanks you!
- How many other Senators can you convince to join you?
thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you!

thank you.
Thank you! She is a terrifying prospect to teachers, as she clearly knows nothing about education! I'm afraid of her!
thank you for standing up for kids and against unqualified plutocrats.
Than You. #ThankYouGillibrand
YES!! THANK YOU, SENATOR!! I am PROUD to be your constituent.
THANK YOU!!!
Thank you @SenGillibrand.  Any word from Republicans on whether you can get the votes to block?  Every child at risk w/ guns & vouchers.
As a constituent, I say THANK YOU.
Thank God, this Women will destroy education.
you're killing it right now. keep it up!
Thank you
thank you
Senator Gillibrand next President of United States
Thank You
Thank you!
Thanks!
THANK YOU! She is as incompetent as they come. Well...I mean, along with the rest of @POTUS nominees. TERRIBLE.
Thank you!! 
thank you. Now can you lead the impeachment of him asap? Time is running out
thank you!!
Thank you, Senator.  You have my gratitude and my faith.
She’s a true warrior.
.@SenGillibrand @SAANYS Thank you, Kirsten! Pls convince your colleague @SenSchumer to join you. And pls both of u oppose @SenatorSessions
thank you please convince some of your republican friends, for the sake of the children!
With you. Stay strong.
Thank you! It would be recasting to have her unqualified personage in there!
Thank you for taking a stand! I am not from your state but will contribute to your reelection!
Thank you for taking a stand to protect our education system.
WOW! Thats a big suprise.  NOT! U have stood/voted against every nominee. We will remind your constitutes in 2020!
Thank you Senator!
thank you! i stand with you for public ed students everywhere
Thank you again for standing against these maddening picks for cabinet. So proud to call you my senator.
thank you Senator. You have made NYers proud as our voice of opposition.
Thank you.
thanks you way to go Sen
