Don't you just want to say "F them"?
Isn't that your calling card eff gal?
I'm guessing you were fine and dandy with "grab them by the " right? Grow up
I can't recall the last time a Republican said something true or useful.
I'd venture that you never learned to truly listen. You do hear, I'll give you that. Then 1st reaction is "How can we shut that down?"
I guess it's just... their ideas are bad.
That may be, but where's the discourse? That's where I'm coming from. Perfect example here:
Dem starting position-they have nothing to say
Seriously? If the Cons want discourse they wouldn't be trying to pass in a cloak of secrecy w/reconciliation; What happened to 
trad order?
Reps shut the door after CHUCKIE stated there was no way Dems would negotiate. Then they freak out. Now they want in.
13 WHITE HETEROSEXUAL MEN, NO LESS, AMIRITE???
Here we go!!
Unity, civility be damned!
#Filibuster all day long
They will use reconciliation. Can't be filibustered
Does that make it easier for Dems to attach amendments?
Yes, unlimited "amend-debate-vote" cycles are a  condition of reconciliation so every Dem need to add amendments to drag out voting til 2018
Yes! As my senator please do everything you can to stop this from happening - filibuster and withhold consent senator!
Remember 2010 ? We have to pass it to see what is in it.
Maybe they will pass it "so we can find out what's in it"
The @SenateDems must filibuster
R's will probably pass through reconcilation if they do, BUT, D Senators can add on thousands of amendments in that case.
Keep fighting for Americans we need your voice LOUD AND CLEAR USA
Please do whatever you can to stop this hateful piece of legislation. Use whatever parliamentary rules are at your disposal. Thank you.
White men thinking they are back in 1600's
Debating is not about dragging out the vote. It's about including voices from all political philosophies. Something we can all live with.
Can things really be worse than they are now?  Post medical prices & open across state lines at minimal would be great.
Perhaps Dems can counter w their own healthcare bill, i.e. Single payer. Lots of support from populace.
Kind of like the writing of Obamacare, no?
Why didn't u u say 13 f'ing men. Btw when I see you wholesome. Family commercials I'm just gonna laugh now maybe ur being subliminal
I'm glad my representatives are watch dogs. Thank for staying on top of this burning swamp of trash. This is wrong, they want distractions.
Actually, they are accountable....via elections.   I dont recall such an outcry when 10000 pg #obamanocare was plowed in
To be precise, 13 wealthy, right wing, men, who have their own health care covered & gets lots of $ from drug companies
U should know, remember the secrecy behind ObamaCare? Pelosi said "You have to pass the bill to find out what's in the bill". #hypocrite
We'll just have to pass it to see what's in it, lololol
Same way you people ignored men's right and ignore the issue of domestic violence against men. Shame on all of you.
Will you commit to withholding consent?
Treachery?  You mean treason? Like those who demand their candidate win

...like that?
Please #WITHHOLDCONSENT on all Senate business!  Do not allow this bill to pass.
Lol it hasn't been written yet so you don't know what's in it but you want it to fail because it's "them." THIS is the biggest threat to USA
No Don. We'd just like to see it and discuss. If it goes for vote before July 4 like Mitch wants, we can't do that. I hope it's wonderful.
Having doubts is fine. Advocating it's failure before it's written as @sarahoc advocated is partisan ugliness and is not useful in any way.
Keep fighting, Senator Gillibrand! We're counting on you!
Please fight hard for us. 13 men behind closed doors and not a single woman in the room to fight for more than half the population
#resist!!!
We are behind you. @SenateDems Fight it all the way!!
Do everything you need to do to stop this travesty.
No, it's a recipe for #genocide. Start calling it by what it really is. They want to make money at any cost, even if millions die.
That's all we ever get out of this so-called presidency....one disaster after another.  #trumpWoes
If their action's allowed to stand then it may be the beginning of many bills written in this subversive manner. This must NEVER be allowed!
If they go through with it and throw millions off insurance you should get together with CA, MA, etc. create a good single payer for us.
Thank you Senator Gillibrand for exposing this heartless committee that will decide the fate of women's health. It is a reign of terror.
The American people are counting on you, @SenGillibrand, and your D colleagues!
"Behind closed doors" Sound familiar? Obamacare. Rammed down our throats.

Sorry, I'll say it in Gillytalk, It's called F'ing Obamacare.
And there are probably no female Senators present in that secret room to ensure that women's health issues are not ignored.
I've always felt people who were doing good work, didn't mind that work being seen in progress from start to finish.
13 effin men? Are you effin kiddin me?  Why don't I get any effin respect???  Yeah...
Sounds like when Gov Cuomo did the SAFE act.
Keep calling this out!
And clearly something terrible for the country to hide!  This needs to be outed before a vote.
You should have offered to help. 
Yep.
accountability WILL COME if they keep this up
Don't just keep repeating what we know. Write amendments. Get going.
The people deserve open debate, not secrets. Filibuster by amendment if you have to! 40,000 takes us to 2018. #ProtectOurCare

Well you should be use to that bcuz Obamacare was written the same way and no one in your party read before approving it. It's a disaster.
Why's it matter they are men?
you Gillygirl are a disaster. resign now
Have these Senators forgotten who they work for?
Please don't let these servants of the rich get away with this. I willGOP Senators again.They need to hear Rev Barber's comments@#AMJoy.
Remind me who wrote the ACA again?
MY FANTASY
Real agenda of GOP AHCA meetings:

Regain allies' trust, support
Protect USA from more Trump damage
Cooperate with investigations
We're getting threatened , so how dead republicans do you need to seize control,of our GOVERNMent .
Illegals voting to keep you in office . How come you haven't called about the violence your party is perpetrating ?you knew republicans
Seniors and vets were entitled to free healthcare ,since they paid into system , now they are dying or losing their homes so you can have
Please don't stop fighting for US. There's so few of you that are willing. We won't forget what you have done .#TrueHero
Why don't you share with your constituents that the entitlement budget is over 60% , schools failing , Obama killing off seniors or vets
How about sharing with your constituents the CDC report last year . Recap Obama care maxed out and will only knock people off with expense
Another democrat with no conscious ,how many dead republicans do you want . Your propaganda is resulting in senator tenney threats
What exactly happened with democracy? Don't they work for us?
1 part senator
2 parts hypocrisy
3 parts disdain for the American people
One can only hope.
Add amendment after amendment...   (coverage of all things...and protect preexisting)  pile amendments high
They, and @POTUS, want employers & insurers decide if I need birth control. It's prescribed to me as cancer prevention. Please tell them!
I hope you are our next elected president! 
Before we all know what's in ObamaCare, it will be repealed and replaced. Get over it Trump won. Time to support the POTUS.
So Senator why are the women of the Senate not writing their own version instead if just complaining?
SHHH! Didn't you get the news? A republican got hurt! We're not allowed to talk anymore!
Threat to women's rights, civil rights
http://microify.com/3Kbu 
Let's go down memory lane for a minute..."we have to pass the bill to find out what's in it" -Pelosi.
I thought Democrats wanted to be the "Resistance", now they want a seat at the table? What took so long?
Isn't that how ACA was done? I normally defend the democratic agenda, but it's silly to feign hypocritical shock
Kirsten of the worst men in America also.
So what is your plan to stop it? I hear you can offer endless amendments. Will you?
wait till ya get a load of the #Bait&Switch @ldrmcconnell has in store.
Would you feel better if it was 13 women?...or is it just because they aren't democrats? What if it was 13 male doctors?
#releasethetaxes
Why are there no women involved?  Do women's health not matter?
1/6 Of the American economy in the hands of 13 secretive men who are not even healthcare experts. Just hacks doing bidding of the 1%.
They need to #ShowUsTheBill!
I know you have the backs of the American women and Healthcare. TY
We must see it or stop paying their salary.  They work for us and are accountable to us.  If you can't share we don't pay
Why do we not have a bipartisan committee of WOMEN writing & reviewing WOMEN'S healthcare as part of the entire plan?!
And they know how to represent the health needs of women. Really. I call B.S.
This diabolical plan I fear will take the lives of the poorest and sickest.  24 MILLION less people with insurance is not acceptable. Fight!
Please filibuster! Add in a million amendments to the bill! Don't let it pass!
What did Oboma do. oh ya . you got to pass it before you can read it
What about NY s4840 HC bill?  Were republicans involved?  Not 1 doctor I've met knows anything about it!
You mean just like Dems did it 8 years ago, then voted on it without reading it? Got it. #hypocrite
You mean like the Dems did with that Obamacare fiasco you hypocrite? #ThinkB4YouSpeak
Agree!  Why don't Ds hold shadow hearings?  With witness from people/groups opposing Trumpcare.
TBH our only choice is to vote as many out in 2018 as possible. Polling, protesting, phoning...all of us are being ignored.
Stay on it. We're counting on you. Closed door meetings while potus prattles on about Russia. Sounds like a diversionary tactic.
See 'em at the polls!! 
Continue to fight these incompetent legislative reps
Hmmm 13 men behind closed doors.. sounds like a great American tragedy play-
Well you know the old saying...." we got to pass the bill to find out what's in it"...smh
Can you Democrats stop the vote? If ever there was a time for extreme measure, this is it. Please save Americans from GOP.
So proud they are being better then what the weasel of a president by shoving ACA down our throats. No one shd pay any1's healthcare
what can we terrified citizens do ?! Please guide us and help us help you
13 old white men
More Alinsky progressive lies & deception.  Everyone knows there are WAY more than just 13 people working on this bill.  Many are WOMEN!
Just typical of this administration. No communication and everything for the wealthy. I want Paul Ryan's insurance
Let's make it an electoral disaster - for them.
It is evil, they have been bought by the rich and corporate evil that seeks the huge tax break in the bill! They could care less about us!
Having a severe potty mouth as an official public representative in public is NOT cool & hip! Language like that cheapens the message!
Because it's horrible how that ObamaCare bill got rushed through Congress with no one knowing what was in it!
Why how &who is allowing this to happen? They need to be held accountable. Millions of lives are at risk. Are we headed for a new holocaust?
Please filibuster by amendment
and when @repstevescalise now has a pre-existing condition, how well will that go over?
hello
Will you consider using vote-a-Rama to stop this? Every amendment must be presented and voted on. Dems should produce 40,000 to block this
It's baked in!
You must filibuster by amendment to kill this horrendous bill.
Democrats did the same thing. And, you didn't even read the bill. Can you just be honest with your constituents. Do you think we're stupid?!
@SenGillibrand have we ID which senators are writing this healthcare bill behind close doors?
Another globalist shill,your words mean nothing after U stood silent when our schools were destroyed by #commoncore
And every one of them is white. And straight. It's as if the @GOP believes only the health of old, straight, white men matters. Oh, wait ...
And tell me again how Obamacare was written? Funny how the tides have turned. I know I won't be voting for u next time around.
13 white, mean-spirited men, embolded by revenge are writing the bill in complete secrecy. Because the can. And they will. We are FURIOUS!
Can you filibuster?
It will kill many more than the Holocaust and GOP are willing to do BE NAZI TROOPS TO SEE IT THROUGH, which FLOORS ME!
You must be speaking about Obamacare. That exactly as it happened. Stop lying!
YES for so many of us...it is heartless
Let's make it a disaster for the GOP at the polls. Do not vote for a Republican candidate.
Because the way it's always been done has worked out so well?  We're  $20 trillion in  the hole,maybe closed doors is what the process needs
So much for the unity now that the baseball game is over @SenGillibrand wants to incite more shootings of Republicans.
#ItIsTheJobOfCongress to
#BudgetIncomePayoffDebt

#DontTakeTheMoney
#IfYouAreNotGoingTo
#DoTheJob
#EndCongressionalDebtAbuse
#DoItNow
let's tighten that up for you: Republicans are trying to take away your health care & your right to get health care, and hiding as they do.
This is NOT GOOD, how can a MAN pick n choose 4 women? How would they know OUR NEEDS?!!!! They r INSANE!
Just like the A. C. A. they can't hurt it any. We must pass it to know what's in it. RIGHT
So u found it necessary to call them MEN & not Senators,Why? Did Hillary give you extra Woman Cards?
Describes this admin quite well.
It's a recipe for continued disaster if We The People continue to allow thieves to rule our country. 

Thank you @SenGillibrand!
As they say 'you can't dress up a pig & call it a dog' . Hey @SenateGOP Do the right thing - make #ACA Great Again - #SinglePayer
Hopefully, for them.
??  No accountability??  Call the police - those 13 men have taken over. All real senators are accountable to the people who voted 4 them.
Perhaps instead of an ordinary filibuster, when its time someone can get up and actually read the bill to the Senate and the American people
That's the idea.
What else is new coming out of D.C. sunce this admin occupied the WH
It's disgusting and undemocratic!
It's a matter of life and death!
U and @SenateDems must stop it!

#FilibusterByAmendment
#WITHHOLDCONSENT
Perhaps, if 'The Greatest Nation in the history of all mankind" Could read beyond 140 characters-you would not find yourselves here.
I hope they all have strokes and heart attacks

It is dangerous, wreckless, cruel & punishing. #ShameOnThem #FirstDoNoHarm
Senator Kamala Harris for President! Elect women! Tammy Duckworth for V.P less war, less lying, less stupid stuff more progress more truth!
Please read the fax I sent you @SenGillibrand Thank you for your great service. #Respect
The disaster will be short-lived. GOP will go down. Crossing my fingers...
Please withhold consent and filibuster by amendment
@RoyBlunt it's a recipe for, you're fired!
Penis elargmement and prostate transplants will be covered
Oh and scrotum recision and hair plugs and rogain.  All covered.
Still not as bad as the Rigged Primary
#DNCFraudLawsuit
#BernieWouldHaveWon
Your blind allegiance to Corrupt @HillaryClinton gave us tRump
Your corporate duplicity is a necessary ingredient to that recipe. 
I ain't fooled with your feigned outrage.
#SinglePayer
#GetMoneyOut
Better than thirteen democrats trying to do what's right for gov't control of healthcare.
UNPRECEDENTED!!!! Right?
I hope it's a disaster for every one of those 13 men when they try for re-election.  And for every Senator who votes for it.
Struggling to believe they can't be STOPPED. Can someone SUE for access???
@SenKamalaHarris @SenFeinstein
Lolol..like the 2400 page of original Ocare was transparent. Have to pass it to see what in it. Diff when shoe is on other foot huh toots? 
Please list names & phone numbers so we can inundate their offices with what we think & feel about lack of transparency!
I love  more and more!
Sure is. please do whatever it takes to stop Trump"care"
How many wrote Ocare? And what happened to those pledges of 3 days to read it before vote? You reap what you sow!
@SenateMajLdr
@SenTedCruz
@SenTomCotton
@SenJohnThune
@SenatorEnzi
1/2
2/2 @SenOrrinHatch
@SenCoryGardner
@SenToomey
@SenJohnBarrasso
@SenMikeLee
@SenAlexander
@SenRobPortman

You mean like obamacare that Pelosi said must pass so we can see what's in it!! I trust those 13 MEN way more!!!
Thank you!!!!!! 
U and. Those like u are the disaster
Why don't you volunteer to join and work with them. Be part of the solution instead of whining all the time.
Add years worth of amendments - let Em find another way around the rules, but at least draw attention to this travesty!
Maybe they should just pass it to see what's in it!
