no, we don't want to tell young girls it's "ok" to have sex and then "get rid" of a baby thru abortion
my sister @ 13 started having sex, I took her to learn about stds and use protection.  More then just abortion
oh my! How old were u? Where were ur parents?
pls don't be hateful. I am 38. When my sister was 13, I was 21. I was giving u an important example of the importance of PPH
I'm in NO way tying to be hateful-God forbid I ever offend someone! I just find a 13 yr old having sex sad
they can no way be mature enough to be ready for that!!
that's why we have laws against that!!!  Please understand me!! Peace to you!!
I never meant to offend u and I will pray about that-to choose my words to not offend! I'm not perfect-
u say "women" but these young girls aborting babies r not "women" and their health matters greatly!
You're so misinformed. Teen pregnancy rates continue to drop & teen AB rates are lowest of all age groups.

@SenGillibrand
after u do this maybe u will understand the health issues abortion causes....
I care deeply about all women's health issues-& mens-but we r talking women's right now
there's not a lot of chatter about the consequences of abortion-it's too shameful I suppose
And that's all it is -- chatter. There is no evidence that abortion carries serious health risks.

@SenGillibrand
so u agree that mental health is not a serious issue?
I'm sure she's not the only one in this shape-do u know the lasting repercussions of abortion?
do you know the lasting repercussions of a pregnancy on a young body?
her body is not fully prepared for the health implications of sex pregnancy or child birth-nor her mind
those r obvious-I'm looking for lasting repercussion of abortion! No concrete studies to date.
thank you for being a fierce fighter against this tyrant in the W.H. & for standing up against injustice. #NewYork
President Trump
is a mindless tyrant.
Obama is one.Trump is your President respect him .
Trump will get the respect he gives out....none.

not true
Prove it, @IanMessmore. And show your homework. @SenGillibrand
no problem. It's a petty argument by this so called senator that defunding PP = people not caring
You had ONE JOB, @IanMessmore. And you FAILED at it. MISERABLY. Like it or not, @SenGillibrand WAS elected by the people of my state.
certainly was elected by the morons in NY. Doesn't change the fact that her tweet is petty and wrong
In YOUR view, @SenGillibrand 's tweet was petty and wrong. Bottom line, sir: If YOU could get pregnant, you'd want it available
like what available? Murder??? 
You're a smart person(ALLEGEDLY), @IanMessmore. YOU figure it out. It's not my job to do your homework for you.
is a supporter of Kermit gosnell
Please fight the defunding of Planned Parenthood. It makes a daily difference in 10k's of women's lives each day. @PPIAction
eugenics...
pregnancy is not a "disease"
we just don't like paying for women having babies KILLED.
They have no respect at all for women. Wake up guys we aren't here 4 your amusement + services, Men are here for OURS 
You are right so go ahead and pay for your own health services!!
I do pay for everything of my own. I am fortunate, but other women can't, so I help them. #Karma
Imagine a world where everyone did that....hmmmmm.
Humans come w/h physical + mental illness or injury, raising kids totally alone put them in need of assistance
why does my tax dollar's have to supplement Planned Parenthood?  What about the health of aborted babies?  Who speaks 4them?
that's totally not true
Please plan to run for President.
Yes, please do so we can ride the Trump train for 4 more years..we all saw how the last man hater did..
Come on now. Not all strong women hate men in general. They may just dislike/dismiss silly angry ones like you.
I'm not angry to refuse to live in a dream world where other people pay for the decisions I make..
You must realize that made no sense whatsoever. Work harder. Write better.
I work hard enough to know I am not going to pay for what you choose to do with your vagina...
Methinks never hard enough. Too angry. Sad.
I'm not angry, actually amused that you live in a dream world where other people pay for your things...
or 58 million dead babies that their deaths mattered.
http://truthfeed.com/breaking-anti-trump-protesters-blocked-an-ambulance-transporting-a-critically-ill-patient/50814/ … family member?
I have a childhood friend that, because the law of the land said she could has had 5 abortions
she is not mentally ill-she's depressed because of the abortions-she's nameless-but real
why do u call me sanctimonious? I honestly and sincerely wonder why??
@adamisalamb That's because they feel women DON'T count - the message is clear
BS. Defund it.
although its funny that old crusty women like you who cant bear children anymore anyway are all for defunding it.
Fake statement!  I hope no one is stupid enough to think you are saying something of merit. You are either a lier or stupid.
Plan Parenthood is nothing more than an abortion clinic, no prenatal care 0.
PROOF, PLEASE, @BillyMcCaffrey. From reputable sources. Show your homework.  @SenGillibrand
Call any Planned Parenthood in your area and ask about prenatal care, than get back to me. S
Gilli stop looking at stars as the world burns. There will be nothing for women if Trump goes on. Shout out about his lies.
What you meant to say is there will be NOTHING free if Trump goes on...as it should be my friend,as it should be
I think you are right. First will go the public schools, then probably the highways which will be provided, etc
I don't mind paying for education just not your daughters indiscretions...
No, I'm just telling them to pay for their own abortions.
why do these idiots not know that Fed money doesn't go to abortions!! They already have 2 pay themselves 4 that!
I can play this game too.  You believe women are incapable of being responsible and paying for their own abortions?
no I am saying they already have to.
I love how you don't deny that this is a game. Women get taxes taken from their paycheck. So you're half-right
I wanna know no body investagated it it
about in 2013 Sept you don't remember may my mom called you from bostwick street I called plus wrote letters no showed up
does docc record everything when I called my mom's on three way I know it's not but FBI siad it was ok danamora escape I hear
l
Planned Parenthood is NOT! a Place any young Woman should go if she's Pregnant and needs Counseling about Her Pregnancy
No.... You are telling them you don't want to pay for murder. #abortionismurder
why don't you come visit me n my mom
falsefieing records why am I sitting here why am I on parole poor or your jobs in danger as my memory serves nine rights due
court attorny by N.Y. siad case dismissed ask why this case or email federal mail legal don't make sense witness perjured
went with hillabrad to states attorny to talk about don't mention the law to my ever again doing this case is not over my mom
told me Tom siad that Sally n sierra made it up to set me up with someone's evidence for not investigating where Mrs hochul
hits front Paige newhartfirt ct no serial codes money he siad she siad that tim youssey or lee siad tony newhartfirt siad bob
N.Y.  sequesture the evidence that's not mine won't work now serial marked evidence end up in my case don't blame me if it
how's Tom how marked case evidence get to two residence at once 10 alleged 3grams of drugs judge Merrill hire attorny by the
When you fund them, you tell millions of babies that their life doesn't matter !
Any organization that hires lobbyists & contributes to political PACs should not get taxpayer funds.
Help WNYCPC. Let the governor know that childrens mental health matters too!!
no,  it's telling them that their unplanned pregnancy is their own responsibility.
your mischaracterization of what PP provided. Your fellow Senators have stated 94% of services are abortions.
no, you tell Planned Parenthood to pay for their own abortions, use obamacare to go the Dr like everyone else, or get a job.
Funny how you jump to dopey conclusion that we're taking away your rights. You take away baby's rights. I don't want to kill!
Is killing your baby health care? Explain. Mammograms are covered by ahca.
when you say you don't like chocolate, you are saying you don't like black people. See how that makes no sense?
Killing an innocent baby is healthcare What in the hell is wrong with you....never mind I answered my own question #moloch
that is right! Fight for our Rights!
BS, you are a partisan hack. PP is primarily an abortion clinic. NO TAX $ to PP. Go in & request prenatal care?
No, we're telling them that if they want an abortion, or birth control that they'll have to pay for it themselves.
He doesn't care. Remember his words? "Women, you have to treat them like shit".
@politicalmiller Shall we defund Viagara and prostate exams?
!! 'defund #pp' is a misnomer. No Fed grant go to #pp therefore does not fund it. @Eviljohna
I believe what you mean is that no fed money goes towards abortion procedures. Planned Parenthood is funded tho
PP are not funded. That People on Medicaid chose to use the services of #pp clinic does not represent funding IMHO. @SenGillibrand
Thanks for the info. This page explained it well https://www.plannedparenthoodaction.org/blog/how-federal-funding-works-at-planned-parenthood …
Thanks for this. I am baffled at the people saying women can simply go somewhere else. The facts show otherwise. PP is vital.
Why should any tax money go to a co that doesn't provide prenatal care other than murder?
thank you for representing new york!
Actually it will save the lives of many unborn. The abortion factory called planned parenthood is a killing machine.
Right because they don't give mammograms or sonograms only contraception and abortions. You know they have an abortion quota!
Not to mention the millions of low-income uninsured men & women seeking affordable #STD exams. #Abortion is #ClickBait
@shawnfnlucas they dont care about healthcare they have $ 2 go
no - we are telling PP to stop doing illegal things and stick to doing the things for which they were created!
I think they don't understand what PP actually does. It's not just birth control and abortion. Its women's health.
These people are pro-birth, not pro-life.
Also the stability of their families. What is to become of these unwanted children, whom their parents can't afford?
Yes, but no. They tell millions of women that they're nothing more than empty vessels waiting to carry men's sperm to term.
Then, we are on our own, because actual babies don't matter. #GOP #Bootstraps
it doesn't to them
love you 
save the unborn , especially those with possible birth defects .
people don't enjoy having babies killed
@MartyOlliff abortions arn't health for babies
Senator, you are my new hero. #courage
thank you
No, we're telling millions of men and women that every life matters. #DefundPP
SO THANKFUL for all of your support! Keep up the fight, please! We are behind you and will support you however we can!
what healthcare can they get at pp that they can't get at their local health Dept? #PlannedParenthood
thanks for standing up for women. Now vote no on Sessions and De Vos
you are the second most partisan senator in the country POS Schumer is #1
Can we just defund Trump and the spineless Republicans that will not stand up to him. Oh and shut Conway and Spicer up too!
I don't think so.. You need to rethink that!
Millions of women are already being told our health doesn't matter. This is just another step back.
I hope you are the next POTUS!
thank you. Please keep fighting the good fight. Love and support to you from CNY #newhartfordNY
so proud to call you my Senator
When you say that you want to defund Planned Parenthood, you don't really know what Planned Parenthood does!!!!
we tell people to pay their own damn way.  There is nothing about health in the equation.  Taxation is Theft!
you are delusional
@AlexandriaRage No you tell them they have to pay for their choices and health care like everyone with a penis has to.
for President!
@  no, we don't want to tell young girls it's "ok" to have sex and then "get rid" of a baby thru abortion
for the years that I didn't have health ins, I went to PP for basic repro healthcare and well exams. PP is not just abortions
What about responsible Men"Planned parenthood"(Bread Winner"MAYBE")...
Abortion is not a healthcare issue. Your body, your choice, your responsibility, your burden. You pay!
Planned Parenthood has nothing to do with women's health, everything about slaughtering babies. It's phony narrative.
you can redirect these funds to community health centers where women can receive comprehensive care
Nor their suffering and in some cases their Deaths
no it tells millions of women they won't get a hand out why should I pay for your health , bad choices
plus w the affordable care act gone, preventative care won't b covered. We need PPH MORE THEN EVER!
Thank you for standing up to Trump.
also thank you for protecting  reproduction freedom.
their health matters. But I'm not paying for her abortion PERIOD
Stay strong. We need you to keep objecting to Trump's misconduct. #resist
but we already knew they felt that way.
save our aca and medicaid, save poor women. We need you.
@LeslieMarshall should have thought better when you were screwing Bernie over. You brought us here! #RUNDNC #justicedems
wrong. You tell millions of babys their lives matter. Murder is against our law.
NO on Gorsuch!! #resist #FilibusterGorsuch
no, we're saying we don't want the govt funding abortions.  And Cecil Richards funding dem campaigns
simply put
no actually what we say is we don't want our tax dollars paying for abortions. Plenty of other places to get healthcare
@ResistorERH @realDonaldTrump @GOP @POTUS 
They have never mattered.  Privileged white men: you are on notice. #RESISTANCE
I thank you for taking a stand for me & for all women!
#Staystrong #fightinequality #WomensRightsAreHumanRights
it also shows their ignorance-planned parenthood provides many services beside abortions, which already is not tax funded!
@GOP knows this
It's much more than that. It goes to show the lack of education that people have when talking about topics that
they are only familiar with 1 small piece. People don't see the full machine and are only attracted tosomething
No you don't!  You tell millions of children that their lives DO MATTER!

People really only see one aspect of it and want to dismantle that which is beneficial to millions b/c of dissonance.
Don't forget that only 3% of PPs do abortion, senator. And that its legally required in most states to offer alternatives.
Health ?? B S!!! You mean abortions. Pp has an abortion quota. Crazy! They have a goal of how many babies they should kill.
and abortion IS NOT PAID FOR BY GOV'T.
because that is exactly what they believe, the GOP hates women + the poor and they do nothing to hide their contempt
but isn't that what the #ACA is for? Stop with the hysterical shrilling and try honesty and integrity. "Millions" = untrue
I've been attackd by these ppl aftr replyg to Federalist twt. One beastly WOMAN said we should put aspirins betwn our knees.
better yet DT does not give a damm.
WE know. If you want them to know, then say it at a sixth grade level. They need to know that PP isn't baby killing.
I'm being brutally honest, not trolling. I can't help it if lack of access to education is the culprit behind this mess.
you have to have ppl that can focus on educating the fools and quit preaching so much to the choir!! We you guys!! Thanks!!
So glad you're my rep! Keep fighting and say no to Bannon. Pure evil. #Resist #UseYourVoice #WomensMarch
@abwhite7 Evang conserv are trying to maneuver women into not having sex outside of marriage. Hence attacks on birth control.
Not illegal just not with my tax money.
abortions are not covered with givernment funding. At all.
thank you Kirsten for respecting the decisions I make about my body and health.
http://shoebat.com/2015/08/22/shattering-new-evidence-revaels-obama-spent-500000000-to-train-a-jihadi-elite-force-which-now-partners-in-christian-massacres/ …
They don't consider women's reproductive health as a part of women's healthcare. They politicize it for pro life voters. 
Women's health matters...just don't make me pay for it!!!!
@MohnSlate men get testicular cancer screenings and other reproductive health svcs at PP. They're also going to lose out
They can buy it themselves - they are adults.
yes that's what they do at PP.
@PattyArquette So misguided.
WRONG! People don't want to give money to abortion factories and they shouldn't be forced too.  LIFE, it's the first one!
Thank you, we stand with and PP!
Per Dave ZIrin on @amjoyshow rightly says @PPact is profoundly more popular than @realDonaldTrump
pregnancy termination equals women's health....hmmm
The almost all male leadership of the GOP should keep its nose out of women's affairs. Women should be the only ones invlvd
@mbrence but I don't understand we have Obamacare and it covers everything.
l guess BornAgainChristian and friends are going to adopt & support all those unwanted children when teens can't supprt them.
Thank you and keep fighting!  the ignorance in these comments... #womensrights #prolifersareonlyprobirth #sexisnatural
@PortiaMcGonagal no woman's health matters to him, except maybe his oldest daughter ...remember, he said we would date her.
There are many choices for women's healthcare outside of Planned Parenthood! Do you get your healthcare from PP?
'affordable' is the key word.
how come there is no agency for just men's health if that's all planned parenthood is?
Here is what PP does for men. 10% of their patients are men. https://www.plannedparenthood.org/learn/men 
@tribecamom Why is it that only Dems care about women's health? This is a real question!
You also tell them you don't care WHAT happens to them OR the unborn in the future!
we all care what happens to them...we just don't want to pay for the decisions they made!
Rape or illness is not a 'decision', but bigotry and double standards ARE!
Are we only talking about funding PP for rape victims?  Of course you aren't...
Abortion is not healthcare. PP does nothing for women's health. And I as a taxpayer am not paying for PP.
You don't want to fund women's education/prevention. I don't want to pay for a wall. You suck at pro-life.
telling them we're not going to fund a private business. No one is shutting down PP. 20 trillion in debt, what's ur plan?
#Feminist #Liar but I repeat myself. #Misandry
no you tell millions of babies we will protect you.
true story
planned parenthood is population control of mostly minorities. Comdoms are cheap amd abstinance is free
@vicentes And your pro-life/pro-Israel bumper stickers don't work either. Israel has most liberal, government paid, abortions
Prenatal care?
I don't live in NY but I still follow you. Why? Because you are AWESOME! Keep fighting! Gillibrand/@tedlieu 2020!
you know that they perform abortions. Why do you want to force Christians to support with Their Money what they consider sin?
they don't. Abortion is not paid for with government funding.
are you a fan of @ladygaga ? You like #SpiritCooking ? 
Do you disavow Kirsten ?
tin foil hat brigade, right here.
thank you and it does!
@GOP also telling the world they're the pro-abortion party who want more & more abortions all while turning back on kids.
There are many other options for 'women's health'. PP has significant profits & are capable of self sustaining. NO TAXPAYER $
@RepMcClintock R u listening?
that is just a stupid statement.
So cutting funding to accessible healthcare for women tells them you value their health and well being?
That's a ridiculous assertion.
So Senator, what are you doing about that?
keep it up and their feet to the fire!!
@MackeyD1292 If you like Planned Parenhood, you are telling millions of people that their lives don't matter.
Yup, so why didn't you & all these hypocrite neon-libs vote for the 1 who could stop this shit: BERNIE !?
yes! Planned Parenthood did my well woman exams when I was a student & helped me deal with a cancer scare at 19. #StandWithPP
Gearing up for 2020? You get your followers to fund PP, not the taxpayers!
@ElizQuake support all the ladies #WomensMarch
Kristen, give those republican ***** HELL! Or as I spell it: RiPubiKKKant. Use me: I'm celeb on tv (Spanish, American).
You can get same healthcare any where in NY state. Just ask Governor Cuomo He says he will provide 4 all women-don't need PP
to rid her of her "problems"-some of us r not fooled by ur harmful rhetoric-u should be ashamed!
You should be ashamed for guilting women who decide that they are not ready or equipped for motherhood
Trump has implicitly told everyone who is not a Fox News or Breibart consumer that they're irrelevant.  You do the math.
I'd argue that it's sending the message to ALL women, but yes! Save @PPact!
do u care about those women's health? Her "counseling" before abortion consisted of total encouragement-
