They just can't let go (THEY HAVE BRAIN DAMAGE DROPPED ON IT AS KIDS MUST BE)!!!

No he's not. Another liar. Besides close don't count!
These are the type of people who wouldn't stop eating  to administer Heimlich maneuver to a child! @OneRedCrossCNY @ACLSMedTraining

I don't think the ACA is viable as is, but it should not be scrapped without a better replacement.
We should just repeal all Republicans.
Full repeal. No replacement.
Text RESIST to 50409 to send fax to your senators. Takes 5 min
Sounds strange that Rand Paul is not on board to this
When will they ever learn?  Gone to graveyards, everyone.
Help us @SenGillibrand @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @SenKamalaHarris @tedlieu @repjohnlewis @RepJoeKennedy @RepAdamSchiff 
Thank you. You are honestly my hero. Please help people like me who are too sick to fight back ourselves
@SpeakerRyan - I swear you are the Devil - what is wrong with you? We are going to Repeal+Replace YOU with @IronStache in 2018!
$5 from every T goes 2 a Dem Sen to flip in 2018 - my 15 yr old daughter started this and it is a TM slogan! Go to http://www.wenotmeusa.com  
Hell no to the GOP death care bill!
And the ACA is so much better? Grow a brain Joe!!
Fight.  Resist.  Protest.
If it's not full repeal and only repeal forget.
Amen, Senator Kirsten! Sadly, @BillCassidy sold us Louisianians and our healthcare down the river...thank you for protecting us from him!
Was @SenAlexander's bipartisanship w @PattyMurray a smokescreen, 2 lull American people while GOP was working behind scenes against them?
Collins, Murkowski and McCain?
This is insane! What happened to bipartisan committee fixing O'care?
Rand Paul won't support it because it is not harsh enough.....What the hell is wrong with these people?
Sure, you must.OCare is so delightful. Why don't you have it?
Why don't you and other democrats work with republicans to get a fair healthcare bill where all Americans would benefit?
Universal Heath Care for all USA citizens! It's a mater of decency and a humans right! Wake up USA!
I've got the bipartisan solution: repeal  the ACA and replace it with Bernie's single payer bill.
Bernie said it would cost 32 trillion
Over 10 years according to one study. https://m.dailykos.com/stories/2017/7/23/1682312/-Universal-health-care-would-save-17-trillion … I know of some useless wars we could end to scrape together some extra 
The Medicare for all, as much as  I'd like it, gives the GOP energy to fight against two boogymen: ACA and MFA. Fix ACA first!
Delay consent...DEMS, run the clock out on Graham/Cassidy Bill which will hurt millions. Delay ALL senate procedures til after Sept 30.
Are you not for helping Americans? Do you just care about illegals on welfare?
.@SenGillibrand When push comes to shove!
what are you pushing for though @SenGillibrand?
I wish you had a better plan. . Heck, I wish you had a plan.
Pure evil of all.
Presumably it's an improvement for Health Care, for all... worthy of all this angst for the last eight yrs.  Right?????!
McCain will fold and vote to repeal.
This iteration is a real killer. This bill, if passed, will cut the legs out from under most of us not to mention all who are on the ACA.
Dear Senator, are you gonna help the millions who need ACA (I'm 1 of them) or will support BS 2020 campaign fantasy that will never happen.
I voted for Trump to get rid of the huge disaster Obamacare,
Get rid of Obamacare, it would be the best thing for America.
We are pushing back, Sen. Gillibrand! But please read this thread and push back even harder!
1: #GrahamCassidy is far *WORSE* than full ACA repeal. This is not getting much attention.
@SenGillibrand, your joining communist Bernie Sanders on the divisive Single Payer destroys your credibility.  
Shame on You 
#factsmatter
You spelled popular wrong
Complete pregnancy w/ no or minor complications is a pre-existing condition - which attacks all mothers, destroys surrogacy. Bill is heinous
I vote in NY.  Are you for competition across state lines?
The opposition is on! Go to http://TrumpcareToolkit.org  to contact the Repub senators most in play. Phone and tweet links there! #KillTheBill
No no no
So go after this & stop w the Medicare for All
They're like zombies.
now is the time for the Democratic Party to stand together for the healthcare of all Americans
Special place in HELL for these men
ACA is a disaster. If you care about people, you will take this opportunity to fix it.
Hey @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan get your heads out of your asses!  #MedicareForAll or #ACA stays.  No other options!
We will destroy everybody's heath care and security, nobody gets to sleep without fear. We are the @SenateGOP & we rule!
Respectfully, don't you have @LindseyGrahamSC's ear, or is he gas-lighting you on the 9/11 type investigation into #TrumpRussiaCoverUp?
I'm an independent & diabetic. What I'd like to c from Dems please is a proposal to end this healthcare  nightmare not mere obstruction
You don't need a new healthcare plan, just keep expanding the expansion income levels till all are covered.
Help! He's my senator and not responding to any criticism of HIS plan. Jr senator just as bad. Work the rest of them please.
No, you shouldn't push back. You should care more about citizens than you do keeping BO's pet program that was badly thought out/needs to go
The biggest threat to American citizens — the Republican Party.
I support U @SenGillibrand but now's time 2 save #ACA not push #Bernie's agenda. I'm glad U made the post but pls know step #1 is save ACA
BIG FREAKIN MISTAKE!!! THEY DON'T HAVE ANYTHING BETTER TO REPLACE IT!!!
Nothing could b worse for America than the trumps and Co u have now. Kept there by the repulsive republicans
Thank you.
Please don't let them kill us! We are taxpayer remember 2018 mid term election.
@GOP - TOO USED TO CHEATING TO RUN A GOVT EVEN WHEN THEY HAVE TOTAL CONTROL....
Oh hell no!
Forget the "pushing back"!! Think of Americans instead of the democrat party mantra.   Obamacare put poor into Medicaid!  Nice.
As usual trump's antics worked as a distraction while the GOP r plotting to take away our healthcare again. MSM must continue to multitask.
Don't they listen?  Americans hate the idea of having no healthcare!
Prepare your grave Trump supporters....'cause you're gona loose your healthcare!!!
We'll push back while the GOP walks it self right off the cliff ! No good brain stems ! ......................
I really wish GOP would quit trying to take healthcare away! #SaveACA
No ACA repeal!
Dump Trump Pence all GOP Dem Reps sabotaging voting ACA repeal!

Stop destroying citizens for profeteering with ACA repeal!
Been tweeting all along, the vermin are singularly RABID.  HELL BENT. Makes my tummy hurt.
They are a one trick pony. But I think...
Nothing like dinner w/ "Chuck & Nancy" to unify the squabbling GOP. 

Willing to strike a wretched deal just to prove they don't need Dems.
You are exactly what we've come to expect from closet socialists. Throw more money at the problem but don't fix it or get rid of it. 
The @GOP Are The Anti Christ Party.!   @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
Who does one write to for support if you are from TX where the senators will not listen to their constituents?
Please tell Collins and Murkowski to vote NO! #ProtectOurCare
Then do it. Demand healthcare for all Americans. Step up!
Why you know the current system do not work.
NO ACA Repeal!

Dump profeteering Corrupt Trump Pence Ryan McConnell all GOP Dem Reps voting ACA repeal & sabotaging ACA.
Stop them just like we did last time
NO! don't push back - engage in meaningful and productive debate - find a compromise. Work to move forward. The partisanship is destructive.
The democrats have been doing that in the HELP committee w/ @SenAlexander. This bill being introduced is McConnell cutting them out again
I have no confidence the Senate could agree on what to have for lunch. Doubt any bill will ever get passed.
Cool. Glad it passing wouldn't affect you.
This GOP is exactly spiteful enough to pass something evil just to get Trump back on their side. Whatever gets them tax cuts for the rich.
Devious Bastards just won't give up!
When is the next infrastructure week?
Lol so typical @SenGillibrand. No plan to fix just slash and burn.
The GOP are mean.
And YOUR solution is what, just put even more federal dollars into 0bamacare? It's broke. Do YOUR job and work with Repubs to fix it.
Everyone knows Obamacare is a disaster. I have to believe you people are fighting him because all you want to do is undermine our president
The repubs are stealing money from blue states and giving it to the red for votes from McCain, Collins, Murkowski,,,
So sick of this. They waste so much time. They know the people want to keep it.
Don't the repubs ever give up. Dumpster boy n pauly boy just don't know when to leave people a lone!
Why do Republicans want me poor and sick
Holy hell, how many days, weeks, months do I have to spend begging lawmakers not to kill me? This WH and GOP are relentlessly evil
for this, we just need to get to Sept 30, then they need 60 votes to do anything.
Do you have any idea how many of your constituents are on medicade expansion @BillCassidy 
#VoteThemOut Louisiana
I did my best. I voted for the other guy!!
ACA is not working well because it is being torpedoed by the republican party and trump. Why can't they work to make it better.
ACA is costing your fellow citizens much more for basic care in terms of dollars and wait times. All because you voted yourself exempt...
They really do hate the American ppl. Raise premiums, eliminate pre-existing conditions, tax cuts for the rich.  Many ppl will lose coverage
Please call you Senator and oppose this "new" & harmful bill.
Trying to save Obamas legacy. It's all he has
Senator Gillibrand let's not take an us vs them approach let's have dialogue and ensure we come up with solution
They refuse to have dialogue even w/ their own voters. They want to ram it through. Do you see them holding hearings?
Repugs want cut population!By denying healthcare 2 sick &elderly!Give rich tax cuts!More donations 4 their campaign funds!All do care about!

Why
Trump don't have to give corporations a tax break to get away taking insurance from employees it will be millions and millions with on ins.
So see the new GOP Ins. Is worse than the old , you take a company that has 10,000  employees at 900$ per month makes 9 million per year
Call your Senators!  Go to their offices!  Stop this monstrosity once again!
You get yours paid in part by us tax payers stop pushing and start helping
32million on Medicaid will be phased out by 2026. Government will give states block grants lot less money and start to phase that out to
Why ?
GOP INS. Cost up 20%or more. Big corporations do not have give employees ins. Do away with disability by 2026.
Really?  I think this is a red herring. Can't happen. Must focus on Pruitt antics.
Push back ??? ....why not put some of that energy in working with those that want something better?
I don't know how they can even call their plan a "health care bill", it's certainly not going to provide care to Americans, takes it away
You mean like Obamacare did? I've had insurance all my life until 2017 when my premiums went up to $2600 a month. Not affordable!
Honorable remembrance? Upholding healthcare for 32 million or eliminating healthcare for 32 million, you make the honorable call Sen McCain
If you think the half of America w/a brain will allow govt to force us to pay for what is abbhorent you are a #Communist powermongerer.
You never found yourself with cervical cancer while pregnant at 3 months, did you? A good friend did. Abortion or die. It IS healthcare.
Repeal Obamacare now
If Obamacare is so great why is Schumer saying premiums are rising & it's trumps fault.  Isn't it the greatest system ever? Obamacare sucks
No gov't control with #Welfarehealthcare for you!
That government control. Damn. Your insurance covers birth control. And maternity. How terrible of the government!  /snark
America is #freedom. #Welfarehealthcare is abysmal in countries w/10× less of a population. STOP this power grab under the guise of rights!
I have availed myself of healtcare in France. Good and cheap. My relatives get it in Canada. Good and cheap. And you, loudmouth?
SENATOR IF THEY ADD A BILL TO REDUCE MILITARY SPENDING SUPPORT IT LET OTHERS KNOW!
Awful bill
Americans are tired of their. Bulls**t! I'm one of them. If they can't agree on anything. Allow the Democrats to Lead. @SenGillbrabd
They did Obamacare
Any word yet from @SenSchumer on Medicare for all bill? Still waiting for wall st to give him the ok?
We can fight futilely for MFA in 3 weeks after the reconciliation window closes.
Any reason why it needs to be one or the other?
I liked my plan, I wanted to keep my plan & I lost my plan #liar The Federal government should not be in healthcare!
Then push back. You are there. We have repeatedly given our opinion, it's up to you in the senate to do the right thing. Leaders lead!
Sen G would rather just hang out on twitter and talk tough. Doing something about it?  Not so much- like most of her colleagues
How?
No now

lets try it nancys way, pass it to see what's in it
You have to give the GOP credit as they fight to the death for their bad ideas. Dems couldn’t summon up that kind of dogma if they tried.
Thank you. Your constituents in Westchester County applaud everything you do to fight this hideously political bill. It's people's health.
Because it's working so well? Senate Dems are delusional.
And before the ACA it was? Not!
Your right. There are huge issues with ACA. They can be fixed. But i would rather do that then have nothing.

It will be a disaster for everyone, but especially for the Republican party.
Don't worry, @SenGillibrand...neither #MedicareForAll or #GrahamCassidy will pass once the CBO scores come out for them
Heard they may avoid a CBO score.
I've been hearing that they were trying to get an expidited CBO score...When that comes out, it'll be as bad or worse than #AHCA was
Thanks.
Thank you
We will organize! We will push back! #resist
And Zinke wants to destroy ANWAR for oil profits and to expedite the extinction of polar bears.
With their majority and Pence, the only people that can stop this effort is Republicans, just like the last time.
Resist. Vote no
Obama care is horrible, what are you doing Gellibrand when is your bill.
Repeal Obamacare and replace it with Medicare for all.
When something is rushed through you wonder what they are hiding apparently a lot how can they sell this to Americans it will hurt everyone
Each state should have its own system of healthcare. Washington ruins everything.
Go baby go... REPEAL !!!!!
I know you understand what the people of this country are going thru. I know you will fight back. Thank you!!
No to cookie cutter #welfarehealthcare for all but maniac #Senators. You must take America for a pack of idiots. Grow a brain.
Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins are not changing their votes.  We all need to focus on John McCain to kill the bill again.
Republican just can't give up. It all about repeal Affordable Care Act. Hint rename after repeal ACA. It call #TrumpCare. Saying
Guessing. Anything can happen.
