If you're outraged, the first vote on Michael Dourson (a chemical industry insider) to regulate chemicals at the EPA is tomorrow.
نىبلغبراالما ؤلتنابب
putin is smiling so no
The "president" should resign and allow someone w a measure of competency take over full stop. @realDonaldTrump
Should? DRUMPF?
Yes. Just as New Yorkers should stop re-electing a big tobacco industry shill. (Pot and kettle much, ma’am?) 
He won't because he knows all the best people
stop nominating. period.
That'd be great. It'd also be great if Democrats stopped planning their careers around becoming industry shills after leaving office.
Would like to see evidence that any D questioned the bill at the time. Saw warning from Holder but...unanimous consent?
Happened under Holder, Lynch...everyone is complicit here.  Disgusting.
Maybe I don't understand unanimous consent in DC, but to me, too, no one has clean hands here.
#RepublicanTrump only picks the finest Anti-Christian from the deplorables list.
Marino isn’t the only legislator complicit in this opioid corruption. We need legislation to stop corruption in Congress.
He doesn't know anybody else.
The president should resign before his incompetence destroys our nation.
Should doesn't hunt. Try another dog.
Or at least attempt to vet them. The regulated doing the regulating is pretty darn swampy.
Given his propensity for nominating people who oppose their agency’s mission, I’m amazed he hasn’t put forward El Chapo.
Another Favor, Hawaiian Style  http://misblitz1.wordpress.com/2017/10/17/ano …
Absolutely 
Maybe he should just resign and take all of his worthless people with him
It's shameful that our  Congress takes money from the pharmaceutical lobby and continue let lives be destroyed. Drugs & guns killing us.
Is this "draining the swamp?"
Maybe you should just butt out
It seems Trump is draining the swamp to build another swamp just more to his liking. Shameful and corrupt.
Requirements for this president Are Simple corrupt, conflict of interest, will destroy agency it will serve &/Or Russia related!
who recommended Marino to Trump? 
doubt president knew of him before
The only problem is that Trump doesn't know anyone except his own industry shills and the Koch shills that Mike Pence introduces him to.
Strange, for smart men, why do the Koch brothers befriend Pence? I gues for same reason Trump does, he a puppet!
I  U, @SenGillibrand!
de acuerdo
Did you have the same thoughts about Obama's picks? No you didn't! #Hypocrite #PoliticalHack

So proud you are my Senator. Don't ever stop.
He DONT know better. 
Did you question his bill at the time? Curious about unanimous consent.
Trump admin. Needs to be vetting, but they can’t because Trump gets who he wants ie; Flynn, Manifort,Kushner, Scaramucci, and Marino and ?
Maybe he can hire Hillary as his new Uranium Security Czar. How much does the position pay? You will approve, Right?
What a concept!
"shills?" Really, Senator? That's Sanders style nonsense that shouldn't be encouraged.
But he won't.
The Koch Bros. will just find another one and Dumb Donny will go along.
Precisely.
Perhaps he should take a very long walk on a short pier! #Impeach #SCUM #Imprison
I think trump is nominating peeps he owes money to
Does that mean Marino is no longer serving as a Representative in PA? I hope so. We need to get back to being more liberal and less Hick!
Because Hicks should only be a last name like it is for me. Not a description of a lifestyle like it is foe many Trump supporters.
That would be a nice start!
Yes, but if he did that, how would he line his own pockets?
Stop being a partisan hack and work across the aile!

Just keep your shills in charge?  Don't think so
He needs to be stopped from doing anything now
Yeah....will happen when the pope gets married.
I think folks like Marino should be held fully accountable for enabling a crisis that kills more than 100 Americans EACH DAY.
I have to say as a cancer survivor since age 7 w/chronic pain managed for almost 50 years being treated as a criminal every month while 1/2
2/3 these a hole corporate greed mf’s making money while I am treated by 24 yr old and + pharm techs as a crack head is just reflection 2/3
3/3 of the disgrace of our #corrupt #inhumane leaders #OpiodCrisis

That’s a level of backbone we rarely see from Democrats. Thank you for that. Keep being brutally honest about elected Republicans.
Refilling the swamp (trying unsuccessfully). One lobbyist (Senator) at a time
Or maybe the President should just resign
That will work. WON'T cost the taxpayers anything,  altho they don't care.
Perhaps people should let him #MAGA
Amen! Every time I think that man has certainly dredged up the most industry-tainted candidate possible, he outdoes himself.
Can you and Senator Al declare a 2020 candidacy pretty please?
Maybe he should just not be allowed to nominate anyone. It seems to be too hard a job for him trying to staff the govt.
That is never going to happen....
Not until all the lobbyists burn in hell and their shills cease to exist.
Maybe hire someone who is qualified and doesn't lie for him. Revolutionary!
Doubtful! But I like your optimism!
Thank god for 60 minutes story on the Marino creation of big pharma wing inside congress!need to strengthen the DEA not weaken #OpiodCrisis

tRump’s only requirement for any position is that they grovel before his feet and praise his magnificence.
But their the BEST SHILLS. He knows the best shills. Tremendous industry shills. Ask anyone!
They’re. 

Dang man, @twitter edit please!!
Why did you vote for his law?
Dare to dream.
If he did 90% of his cabinet would be fired.
Why don’t you go to work and get some bills passed. You have done nothing but complain all this year!!   WORK!!!!
Campaign donations (& secret cash & perks) to do things like collude to defeat an RX drug import bill is much cleaner--just ask @corybooker
CEO s need to be arrested!
I agree. How about we all agree not to appoint apartheid-supporting shills too? No more legislation that obliterates the 1st amendment #BDS
Perfect! “Industry shill” I love it! Thank you senator gillibrand
Yes!!!!!
"Drain the swamp," said the swamp monster, as he pulled another from the muck and gave them a seat at the table.
Fat chance.
Shout out to your NYC staff..  tY!
Novelty...
Nothing like vetting your nominees so well. Your hired with no checking at all
I could get with that! Not sure he would though.
Senator, I love you. But I fixed ur tweet
He wants as many bitches in administration as possible
D A R E   T O   D R E A M.  

The swamp is swampier than ever.
Amazing that CBS has to perform the vetting that should be part of presidential process.
Beware the Trump nominee, they are swamp critters.
Dems should also! How is this any different than putting Geithner & Holder in charge of regulating Wall St?
Absolutely no doubt about it. Problem? @realDonaldTrump  don't learn so good.
Lifelong Government shills are much more preferable.
Ya think?!!
Bannon and Miller are picking these guys. It's disgusting.
I'm afraid industry shills are the only people Trump knows because they're paid to pretend to like him
GREAT IDEA. That's a hard YES.
Senators should do their homework on .@realDonaldTrump nominees before confirming them. Shame on .@SenateGOP .@SenateDems
No industry shills?  That would certainly break a Trump precedent.
No one good and honorable will work for this administration.
Hell no he's not going to do that. He's leaving it up to us to root out the truth. More times than not, they slide right through.
There is no need for a so-called drug czar anyway.
He can't do that -- because it might actually drain his swamp.
Tom Marino withdraws his nomination to be drug czar, the president should stop nominating industry shits altogether.
You spelled shit wrong.
perhaps medical doctors
Trump does Trump
Pure fantasy. DT can’t help himself. Needs the $$$
Good luck with that.
Well you didn’t vote Nay to his bill.
Maybe you should resign?? Seriously. Idk how anyone could come off so idiotic
The "swamp" is already full of,er,uh shills.
I vote in NY.  And your long list of accomplishments make you qualified for such opinions.
Senator did you take any money from these PACs?
Well....Answer my friends question Senator
    
He IS an industry shill.
What qualified person with morals and integrity would want to work for this nasty nasty man.
That’d be too smart
from someone bought and paid for my big pharmaceutical companies
His appointees and nominees all seem to hate the depts. they are over. It’s like asking the devil to oversee heaven.
I'll do it!!!! Legalize everything, let natural selection take it's course and once the dumb and the weak die off the world will be better!!
#martinshkreli ... Paging Martin shkreli...
Draining the swamp.... jajajajajaja. The drain is clogged with toupees and hair plugs !
@XanderTaylor3   But he hires the BEST people!
Like @EPAScottPruitt
What, like drain the swamp or something?!  Every single appointment so far has been on the worst offender list of their respective depts.
That. Look at the craziness coming out of the EPA office
Industry shills, people who want to destroy the govt, people who are woefully unqualified. The lists goes on & shows what a failure Trump is
Damn.
This is more than shilling for industry. This is knowingly costing American families the lives of their children & leaving survivors in ruin
People like Marino and @MarshaBlackburn should have no place in government where they're supposed to improve lives, not ruin them.
Haha, good one, Kristen!
Trump: I only pick the best people... best people. Believe me.
And yet DNC appoints anti-minimum wage advocate to finance committee.
You were literally a Tobacco lawyer, though...?
Or as he said, "an early supporter of mine"
Perhaps the president should stop .
There's a plan! 
Why are you telling us? Why aren't you telling him?
Gee whiz, you think so?
I want2 know how many of these DEPLORABLE people have their FAMILIES working somewhere in trumps gov
Perhaps?
Perhaps @RepTomMarino should be put in jail for pushing #opioids and from the of Americas.
Another example of Cheetolini's "Best People". How embarrasing.
That's funny.
These wolves own no sheep's clothes. We should not entertain such naivety. We'll lose the "appears worldly" demographic.
The best people right? Haaaaa-so much losing
If you watched 60 minutes, it's a pox on both your houses....
Thank you for fighting and voting against all the industry shills! So proud to have you as my Senator! #kleptocracy
Anything to add, @realDonaldTrump ?
And .@TheDemocrats should BLOCK ANY AND ALL tRump NOMINEES FOR TITLE/OFFICE .@AP.@Reuters.@NYT.@SenSchumer.@CoryBooker.@SenBlumenthal
No one of any repute wants to work for him so he’s scraping the bottom of the barrel.
You would think he would get the hint. Not this dotard
Smart A**'s not welcome ..
Yes you're right, but that obviously won't happen.
OR actually have someone research those he intends to nominate to avoid this whole ‘pie in the face’ thing.
pretty sure El Chopo is available
Is there a title more un-American than "czar"?
I would think this guy is perfect for Trump Admin. 

Idiot - Education
Oil industry lobbyist - EPA
Idiot -Energy
Drug co. shill - Drug Czar
Based on the typical Trump nomination I would except El Chapo to be the next Drug czar nominee
He's not going to change. Perhaps the Senate should stop approving his nominees.
Better tweet!  Get in the game and engage on the big issues
Drain that fucking swamp, already!...
Are you suggesting that @POTUS should nominate political shills as the democrats do?
#IStandWithTrump to #MAGA

@fud31

pretty sure El Chopo is available
You think?
Perhaps? How polite
And follow suit by withdrawing from the presidency. #resigntrump
I'm relieved that Marino is out of the picture. He was a pick like Pruitt & Price: industry shills.
I couldn't agree more.
I think he should appoint you. You would be a great choice.
Perhaps you should do your job
Industry shills are all he knows. Anyone with integrity would have nothing to do with him. He is so damned arrogant & stupid.
Shouldn't we being saying the same thing  about virtually every position in government as well as the @DNC?
NO, QUIT saying what u suggest! ur attitude has brought us where we r! there R good ppl in gov't --- no person/gov't is perfect. or U either
Ur naive if u think it's ok 2 for corporate lobbyists 2 decide the Dem platform & who should b running. THAT gave us Trump #RecipeForFascism
Perhaps the Legislative & Judicial branches should reappropriate this executive responsibility in light of the current POTUS’ lack of government experience and tremendous learning curve.
So tired of democratic negative responses to EVERYTHING. So destructive but yet unfortunately expected. So sad.
hahahahahahahahaha, Kathy is a funny bot
Perhaps we should put the blame on the senators that are confirming these idiotic nominations, we're already aware that trump is a moron
#Democrats should make similar guarantee. #CampaignReform #GetMoneyOutofPolitics #Wolf-PAC
That’s like asking a Fire not to burn your house down
So how bout some of your Dem shills? Jane Fonda, Kathy Griffin,Maxine Waters, Harvey Weinstein, Meryl Streep, “Forbes 5 Richest Men” etc etc
Not likely.
That would be a welcome change.
"Industry Shills" have been screwing the population/middle class for decades. The only difference now is that politicians are affected.
@washingtonpost thank you media for doing another excellent job #weneedwatchdogs #checksandbalances
Can’t expect a shill not to want a shill
Kirsten, what abt ur colleague who is the Chief Sponsor Sheldon Whitehouse & the 25 other Democrats who co-sponsored https://www.congress.gov/bill/114th-congress/senate-bill/524/text …

It would be helpful if we knew who keeps putting these names up, trumps not pulling that out of thin air
FOR SURE!!  This administration is outrageous and clearly not in the interest of Americans.
Should never have been nominated!
