How many? Ten million? A hundred million? Is there a limit?
nope. borders are an absurd construct anyway, intended to divide us. one world. one humanity. lead by example.
How old are you? Six?
lol love when those who have nothing intelligent to say to possibly bolster a position they don't even understand resort to ad hominem's!
Physician, heal thyself. The idea that "borders are an absurd construct" is among the dumbest things ever said.
and that would be because? by all means please enlighten us with the pro's and con's :)
Because there's been conflict for the entirety of human history.
oh so this 'conflict' you speak of, it was all before 'borders' existed, and ceased when these magic lines were drawn?
So many others believe so too. Trump wants to square-up on trade w/other countries, but not when it comes to refugees. Others take in more.
Let them. Do you see what other countries are going through? Greece gad to ask for money
Well no one likes seeing the kids/people killed in Syria, but turn their heads when they're asked to help.  Hypocrisy!
Unfortunately true but the whole country is a mess. Do you take everyone?
Meanwhile their neighbors aren't taking them. Why?
Many other countries are taking them. Obama promised we'd take 1250. That's really not much. WTH?
That's not enough?
Compared to how many are out there needing help?  No.  But they are vetted there and again vetted here.
Ur taxes go 2 support a myriad of things, u know that, right? Would u give $5 more a month to help more people? Oh wait, I know the answer.
Then maybe this govt should stop destroying other countries
Maybe, maybe, maybe...Yemen, Sudan, Syria hello, this country fucks over innocents all the time...get off of Fox News and become informed
Let me know when the first refugee settlement opens where YOU live... or on the Upper East Side, Martha's Vinyard, Beverly Hills, Georgetown
But, we are not going to take in those at-risk who do not have open arms! Grammar and punctuation; it's hard.
Howard many   of them did you accept in your home????
You're the best person to lead the US, I hope you put your hat in the ring in 2020, you'd make a huge difference in the lives of Americans.
She can't becuz she is @SenSchumer 's lap dog and won't get fed if she leaves.
She has one of the most independent voting records in Congress, hate if you want, but have good reasons or you're gonna look like a clown
Like those poor "at risk" boys w/ the pressure cookers who bombed the Boston Marathon, killed a cop, terrorized an entire city?
Or the immigrants who enhance, enrich the communities, own businesses, take care of families, better their and others lives
Nope! America First!!
Sadly that is just not true. We have so many people already here who desperately need our help and aren't getting it.
Not  mutually  exclusive 
True, but what are we expecting these people to do for work when we already have a problem with underemployment?
You're starting from the biased assumption that these people can't be entrepreneurs, create their own businesses and most important pay tax!
You're right, of course many can do so! But that wasn't what we were talking about. Those are the people we need! Hence immigration laws.
More people = more consumers = more business opportunities = more jobs and the cycle continues...something you're not getting.
According to this http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2017/01/30/key-facts-about-refugees-to-the-u-s/ … and this http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2017/08/03/5-key-facts-about-u-s-lawful-immigrants/ … there are 44 million immigrants vs 4.3 mill jobs created by them
I didn't see anything about 4.3 million jobs and I took a look at both surveys
Only properly vetted immigrants that go through the legal process period... Not rejects and losers from other countries to cause us problems
The U.S.A. is not like the ever expanding universe; we're kinda finite, along with our resources. Don't you science at all?
How about just women and children first BEFORE any 18-35 men  ? but there doesn't seem to be any
In need and at risk are people in immediate danger from war, genocide or persecution. So no.
THAT'S NOT WHAT PEOPLE SAID IN THE LAST ELECTION.   THE PEOPLE WANT IMMIGRATION CONTROL
In need of what?
How about a safe and decent place to live for starters. A place where hard work is rewarded with a decent quality of life.
Agreed for American citizens
People from other places become American citizens all the time. Unless you're Native American, U came from people who weren't at one time 2.
Again i agree, but that's not what she's saying.
this person is an idiot. what is she doing representing NY"ers?
Is that why u embrace policy to keep that Mexico/NY drug smuggling/distribution operation in full swing? Kill American youth & replace them?
Exactly, come in legally, that's not asking too much...
https://youtu.be/ZDceLiPLHWQ  professor in this video explains why immigrant numbers need to be controlled. He is talking about #Legal immigrants.
how many refugees did u take in?
How about sending them to your town in NY and stop sending them to Hempstead?
You mean Christians who are at risk of being beheaded?
Then keep them in your shitty state
I met a woman from Romania ,she came illegal to USA ,but she is anti immigration 
you are amazing thanks for your heart
Ok. Rich people who live in gated communities open your arms first.
So how many are you housing in your upstate home?
If that's the case why were there no women & children, just pictures of 15-30 yr old thugs who are up to no good. Need to take care of USA
Overpopulation! Hault ALL immigration for a awhile please
You go first.  Then the wealthy progressives in New York City, Massachusetts & California.  Lead from the front, no?
Do you lock your doors at night?
On whose taxes, so glad I moved out of ny
Then why doesn't it take care of its own poor Veterans?  Because aid used as a Democrat voter drive
How many ppl have you pledged to support. You can start by opening up your home. Go on, set the example.
You first!
The next family of Syrian or Iraqi refugees maybe you can take them in , let's see how it works for you and family !!
How about you start with the people in need that are here already...just a thought!
Shut up with your obvious solutions
You know who else has space? Pretty much every oil producing Muslim country
NO. Purpose of immigration is to help the U.S., not rescue the Third World. Go abroad & do charity work if you like, DON'T import problems!
Shug we're 20 trillion dollars in debt to China thanks to the previous prez. We can't afford to womb to tomb more immigrants.
After all, it's just one big happy family, right, Sis? "Hmmm, nice tits. Uh, huh? We're children, be our mommy?"
.@SenGillibrand : How many are you personally sponsoring? How many refugees are staying with you?
No.
It sure is, and that's why we have ways to do that legally.
What about people here, shouldn't we help them first???
On that premise why not suggest Africa or Asia?
If we don't get Russia out of our country, we might be the next refugees looking for a home. Best to treat others kindly.
Well I am in need can I come live in ur house? No? That's weird
Let's start with your house. #norefugees
But not ones that won't abide by our laws and beliefs and when they don't, they become terrorists...
1/ What's your number? I think if we actually settle on an agreed number of people to rescue each year, that will help the discussion.
2/ But if you don't name a number you are just not believable.
Would the Senator comment on whether she would consider running for President in 2020?
Yet we barely take care of our own.
I'm sure ur house has some unused space that can't handle some at-risk bodies.  U offering it out?? With open arms???
Let's start with your guest bedroom sweetie.
Let's start with your house... #OpenUpThoseArms
Yet it won't address the plight of US citizens in Puerto Rico. PR voted for statehood. #@PuertoRico51st @RepJenniffer @RepRickLarsen
Let's pilot your theory in your neighborhood. Keep us posted on how it goes.
The country also isn't naive enough or stupid enough to let anyone in without proper vetting
So, you'll be housing them yourself?
True, if we weren't a welfare state.   We're $20 trillion in debt.  And it's growing.  So you're wrong.
I agree- we should resettle them in Manhattan and the Hamptons
Not in Trump, Bannon white supremacist world.
When we have taken care of our own homeless vets, homeless everyday Americans, the mentally ill, and other poverty stricken AMERICANS FIRST!
There are millions of Americans already in poverty.  It is irresponsible and traitorous to import more who will drain our resources.
You take them as your neighbors first...hypocrite
W/selfish, money-hungry, entitled politicians at the helm distorting American Values of humanity make it difficult 4ppl to feel welcomed!
Every stupid person in the US can read this tweet and think, "wow, I could be a senator."
*president
You've made my open market insurance premium as much a burden as my mortgage, forcing me, and now you're telling me I can shoulder more. No.
So get lost with this stuff, please. This is not a free for all. You see potential power via freebies, that's what you see. Be honest.
As soon as Brunswick isn't 96% white you can lecture the rest of us...
Then it is not a country
Is it? Because we seem to be pretty torn apart right now, and Democrats are certainly pulling their end of the fabric.
Let's start with you. At your house. Open your doors and let them live with you first.
Here's what you're advocating to come here. Barbaric animals!
https://twitter.com/rejialex7/status/894170194016444417 …
Lol we can't take care of our own
Yes, absolutely! Everyone is Welcome!
Here's an idea... help our own people first.
I know, crazy? Helping actual people here that need actual help vs. importing people to help
Nah.
Too bad so many people don't understand that, despite some horrendous faults, a major factor in the success of this country is diversity.
How would you know if they were terrorist or not?
What about replacing "This country is" by "I am"? And act accordingly...
Yes it is...now kick the crap out of those gear mongering republicans!
As long as they aren't too close to her.
Amazingly, the continent they come from is even bigger!
No.
You have cotton candy in your head.
What was your address again?
Legally. Yes.

50 years of unrestricted migration is enough.  Halt further immigration until those here can assimilate.
Yet your state is filled with homeless people
Is there a number that becomes too large for America? There are hundreds of millions of people that fit your description - and many in US.
When I see u welcome them with open arms in your gated community I'll do the same otherwise I'm following your lead
GO AWAY
Capitalists loath social programs. They'd rather fund enforcement of laws they skirted to protect their assets then develop newcomers.
How about fixing the in need at risk part.
Have you considered running for President yet? I'm sure I'm not the first person who's asked.
It sure is! Well put!
Or... we could start by taking care that current American citizens are cared for first.
I really hope Sen Gillibrand runs for president in 20 20. The voice of reason and seriously smart & brave!
Not Americas job to be the welfare capital of Earth. While we have actual American citizens in need the rest of the world can wait.
Why should I pay for your future voters?
Yes - start with your house and all those in gated communities among the elites because, after all, you know what it best for everyone else.
How many are you sponsoring?
All you open borders advocates need to start by housing at least a dozen migrants in each of your multiple residences and paying all costs.
0ver 300 million people in the US. 40% on government assistance of some kind. 18 trillion in debt. No, it's not big enough.
Yes, we are. But first, we have to get Trump out of Office to return to being the Country we're meant to be. He's destroying our democracy.
All they need to do is fill out the paperwork and get in line, like I did.
Ok let's put about half a billion of them in your district, a half billion in D.C., and a half billion in San Francisco.
Really? How many are you welcoming to your home, your community w/o finding out more about them? #LIBERALHYPOCRITE #STFUKirsten
Let's start by placing them in your gated community first. Maybe employ them in your household. Goat roasts in your backyard?
But I guess only those with Cosmopolitan bias like me
We need people who believe in our values, are willing to work and contribute to our country to assimilate to the laws of this country
And just to clarify. So you guys are ok with just bringing at risk ppl in and putting them n all our empty spaces? Lol so they don't need us
Wrong.  Harvard prof Borjas shows immigration is transferring 1/2 trillion $/year from US working people to elites:
that's a lie, here's the truth:
Immigration, World Poverty and Gumballs - http://NumbersUSA.com 
These new age libs and their "racism" .
Strong enough? So we have no " at risk" CITIZENS ? All are being taken care of with "open arms"? I invite you to visit Chicago
Ok, every democrat voter has to take in 1 and every democrat politician has to house 4, that's a start, now for the other 600 million
Besides which we need the willing labor
Nantucket, Martha's Vineyard, Fire Island, Napa, St. Michael's... ALL just LOVELY this time of year! REFUGEES WOULD LOVE IT!!!
So you are now pro-life, welcome aboard!
We have tens of millions of our own that are "in need and at risk". Why do you want to import millions more that we can't take care of?
You are well off, how many are YOU paying for (housing, food, medical, etc) so they're not a burden on middle class (that PAY TAXES)?
Why not just take everyone? I don't understand.
No. We're full. Send them back.
It's immoral to force people to be charitable.
How do you know who is at risk and in need versus those that mean to do is harm senator?
Unless they're unborn children...
Instead we have a faction of morons in Trumpland that think they need their arms locked & loaded against refugees. It's tragic, but true.
Sure millions more democrats receiving entitlements. Party over country.
It's what makes US what we are, a beacon of freedom. 
Those who find refuge here strengthen our core principles in a way nothing else does.
OTOH, depopulation is a foolish solution. Refugees should be sheltered in a local UN-enforced safe zone until the conflict can be resolved.
I seriously wonder why we don't open up Detroit to refugees and immigrants.
Yeah, welcome to unlimited welfare, and Democrat voter fraud.
Yes, it is, and yes, we are. Thank you for fighting in Congress towards this humanitarian goal.
I agree!
Way to abandon Israel. You are right as worrying about missiles raining down on them is  selfish. Hope somebody primary's you
when we CANNOT even take care of our own how do you expect us to continue to welcome millions who cant take care of themselves! #MAGA
this country is smart enough and honest enough not to trust the fools who created the 65 million refugees since 'Arab' Spring. #ABetterPlan
Our nation's borders are analagous to the doors of your home. Hypocritical to promote #OpenBorders if you always lock the doors 2 your home.
Why not bring the homeless panhandler home for dinner at your house? Maybe let them stay for a few days to shower & rest. Safety concerns?
Why not pick up hitchhikers & take them wherever they want to go? Maybe they can't afford a car or had a run of bad luck. Security concerns?
It's also big and strong enough to accept citizens to protest Israeli Apartheid with boycotts, sanctions, and divestment.
Immigration should benefit our country,not cost it's existing people.
BTW, Germany has a ton of refugees and look at that shit storm happening over there.
We need to take care of our own people in the USA before any others. Your party failed terribly at doing just that.
#ThatIsNoExcuse to
#OverspendYourIncome and
#CreateDebtAbuse in
#ExcessOf19Trillion 
#WithNoPlan to
#PayoffYourLoans
#ItsNotYoursToGive
This is a falsehood.
Absolutely!!
Always.  All ways.
¡ y para todos los que no hablan la idioma de ingles! pinche idiota @StephenMillerAL
Quite a bit early yet but Kirsten is on my list of possible 2020 Prez picks...hopefully we have a good group of possibilities by then.
She brought a rape hoaxer to the State of the Union address. She should have been arrested for aiding and abetting a criminal.
Yep.
When a nation of immigrants starts turning away immigrants then something basic has gone seriously wrong.
I don't know if this is true, Senator. White Supremacy is ascending under the new administration. We are getting smaller...
you mean like most of all our ancestors? I'm glad trump wasn't around 115 years ago , I wouldn't have been born
I hope so. Doesn't feel like it right now 
Wondered that, too. Doesn't feel all that strong at the moment.
Open your home with open arms to some refugees first. Lead by example.
Our tax base is shrinking. 40% earners pay ~90% taxes. Tapped out. Legal, self sufficient immigrants only.
It is big enough in size but not in heart or unity - not now, anyway. And it's sad; we should be better. But we may be too big - period.
I agree.  But it's not a fight worth staking the future of Democratic party by fighting
Thank you. For all their flag waving, the xenophobic right do not seem to have much respect for America. 
And gosh darn it, people like this country!
I'm big enough; I'm strong enough; and doggone it, people like me.
We can do it up to a degree , everyone just can't come here and live. That would be utter chaos!!
The principle is to take care of YOUR OWN 1ST and FOREMOST -  vets, struggling seniors, minorities, single moms, etc. !
How many will be in your neighborhood?

Amen
Yeah but the people don't want that, so let's not.
@Wenican Oh I hope we can bring some refugees from Syria here pls!
