Trump suffered a major setback in the bid to repeal the Affordable Care Act: House Republicans pulled their bill http://nyti.ms/2mA4eT0 
We can't let up now. We fought back today—but we'll need to keep fighting to protect our care.
Tot agree, Sen Gillibrand! We must be v vigilant against sabotage, e.g. thru budget. And we need to improve ACA.
WE'RE NOT A DEMOCRACY Senator we're a REPUBLIC don't you know that! @marklevinshow @seanhannity @POTUS @SenateFloor
@ParilloGary Thanks to the American people...I hope that by now DT n his minions know that we are not IDIOTS #TheResistance
They assumed we were because through our apathy,we allowed them 2 run us ragged.NO MORE.People R awake now!
Yes we are!!!!
We R.&the more that become aware,the more that WILL become aware.That terrifies the 1s who want 2 control it all
Yes! And Senators like you standing firm! Thank you #VoteRepublicansOUT #TraitorTrump #Lock HIMUP
Thank you for listening!!
Im thrilled by demise of Trumpcare but please don't do what repubs did. Please address needed fixes & try to introduce leg.
it's because he wasn't trying to repeal the ACA, he wanted his name on a variation of the ACA. ACA need a full repeal.
never underestimate the power of the American people #draintheswamp
Democrats care more about individuals from other countries than the ones born and raised here.
Please do whatever you can to stop Gorsuch. Whatever you can. Thank you.
People need to know that Trump is not enforcing the ACA mandate- will result in higher premiums and problems with exchanges.
thsnds of ur Delphi constituents have raised our voices in Fed. Court against ur team's theft of our hard earned pensions
Don't bother working together to get a better plan for us. Who r we anyway in your world! Keep spending your time on your reelection.
this is negotiation time.   Make it better now
Poor Trump-- didn't know GOP representatives don't work 4 him,don't answer 2 him.Not like running a company is it,DT?
yup - you mean I'm not surrounded by pure yes men?  What!!!?

Don't let you glee become frozen. ACA will now rise & fall on its own. Failure, u own it. Success, u own it as well. Let's see what happens!
No. Because of crazy far right freedom caucus wanting no healthcare! Moderates on both sides MUST WORK TOGETHER!!!
Thank you for drawing the lines and for fighting like hell for AMERICA.
Democrats care more about individuals from other countries than the ones born and raised here.
Thank you for all that you do
now you own Obama care and be sure to put it somewhere. Lol
@IndivisWstchr thank you Senator Gillibrand for all the hard work you do to resist the wrong decisions in Washington
don't pat yourself on the back just yet. It was killed  because it didn't repeal Obamacare. Be careful what you wish for
And it did not repeal Obamacare because it is not better. When they have something better, we will join the train
We are out here and we care.
thank you senator 4 answering all my emails . Now it time to focus less on Trump & more on what we want 2 accomplish 2018
Now we need both sides work together to make ACA better, that works for all citizens with costing an arm & leg
Thank you, Senator, for representing us and fighting for us!
@AdamsFlaFan Bravo to all who rallied, called lawmakers, etc!!! Let's keep it up....!
Thanks for all you do, but tonite I'm hearing he will sabotage ACA. What do we do to fight?
whoa - maybe Democracy is working - wasn't sure!
THANK YOU Senator for all you do listening to and representing your constituents' concerns!! 
Thank you for always standing up against this regime!!
appreciate the hard work you are doing
no it's not. Smh .It's because house republicans are idiots
@AmyNiles4  The more he fails the more of his character (or lack of) will begin to as he put it "implodes"!
Meanwhile, he slipped the Keystone Pipeline up America's Ass!!!
.@SenGillibrand  And bc reps like you are listening! #ForwardTogether #WeThePeople #IndependentInvestigation #BlockGorsuch #Resist
Democrats should negotiate better prices with pharmaceuticals/get more places to work with underserved.
I really wish someone in our gov. could help me get my disability retirement. I was terminated due to illness after 34 years!
Trump didn't suffer a major defeat the people you Democrats put on Obamacare did
thank you for working diligently to protect our health care! 
@damonbethea1 Keep your foot on the gas Democrats we have A VERY BIGGLY WEAK PRESIDENT Time 4 TAXES RUSSIA HACK and fix THIS
Thank you for recognizing the millions who are backing you all up.
You can't do it alone.
He needs to stop blaming Democrats. He's got the freaking majority in congress. This was simply a really bad bill!!!!
Be clear, Senator Gillibrand, at this point we can only do it to embolden you & Sen. Schumer.
Thank you immensely. @mjohnso27
thanks for being an unrelenting voice of accountability on behalf of the American people.  #Resist
You gave me hope. Thank you for Ms. Gillibrand for all that you do.
no set back at all,O care will implode and we will have a new plan that is affordable.
Keep voting NO, Senator (even on Perdue)!
thank you for fighting for us and fighting with us
Thank you for standing up for the rights of all NYers and Americans alike! #RESIST #KillTheBill 
Yes, we have awoken, but the work still needs to get done now.  People over politics &party - reach out to WH & see response
for every voice I hear that like Obamacare there's 3 that hate it
Thank you for all your hard work! Keep resisting!
thank you! Keep on fighting for us.
I wish it was this. You know it was selfish GOP to turn on Trump
Thank you, Senator! We'll be back at it on Monday! 
#resist
no... we want the. Dems to eat it...
@nytimes If Dems hadn't made such a mess & were willing to work to fix it, instead of being obstructionists! #liar #DemsOwnIt
@nytimes As it SHOULD have been with Ocare, it is about consensus, not jamming it through
@nytimes It had nothing to do with your voices. Had to do with working to come to an agreement but not able to-mess Dems made
No, this is Do to people like @benshapiro speaking the truth. Stick to false accusers.
@nytimes
#MattressGirl
will Dems cross the aisle to work with Reps to improve areas of ACA, be the bigger leadership?
YES! I'm so very proud of all making voices heard. Voices need to CONTINUE & clean up W.H. that intends 2 destroy nation. 
@theonlyadult @nytimes Thank you Senator! You stood out among everyone in your fight against this Evil Administration! Kudos!
Huzzah!
it's too bad you can only be a negative influence people need to work together to fix this Trainwreck called Obamacare
thank u i love u
Thank you Senator! Please continue to do the same and thank you for standing with us!
Time for #SinglePayer
Seema a no-brainer until you realize who's calling the shots! #EndCitizensUnited
@wcsek Keep calling! Now demand an independent investigation!
#Indivisible #TheResistance #DemForce #Dems #UniteBlue
Proud to have you representing me in Congress. We’ve got tough budget and civil rights fights coming up.
Time for single payer. Let's do this! Brooklyn is with you.
I am so thankful u represent me 
@nytimes  I am in Texas. Our Senators don't listen to their constituents. Luckily, they listen to money. Thank you, Koch Bros
@bkabak where's she from Ben?
@nytimes hurray!  So much for the art of the deal!
Thank you for this.
lets do not forget those ones that were willing to sign and repeal ACA, like Peter King and Zeldin from Long Island NY.
@tennismatador Proud to call you my Senator. Stay and keep up the   work
Thank you for your unwavering fight!  I'm proud that you're my senator!
thanks NY for fighting for the people of NY and the country. Proud of both of you.
@SenGillibrand thank you for your work!
Thank you for standing up against this sham of a "health care" bill.
Everyone needs to work together to fix this mess and stop posturing. This includes you.
lie...romneycare-->obamacare-->ryancare is not trumpcare!
social media keeps us informed which was a awful thing for trumpcare. Knowledge. It's a good thing to fight lies.
@Momastery please do not let the R's kill the ACA by executive order - Trump is doing that and will blame the Dems
So long as capitalist insurance companies run healthcare we will get less & pay more year after year. Single payer now!
thank you for hearing us!
Thank you!! Keep up #RESISTANCE block Gorsuch!
Thank you @SenGillibrand! It took so many people to do this, and we're not done yet! We are savoring this moment and so should you!
It's also because of you, fighting the good fight in congress and representing people, instead of private interests!
we must be vigilant as the GOP will be back with something worse.
Let's give them another setback by blocking Gorsuch. After a few celebratory glasses of bubbly, of course.
and u finally listening
You're our champion Kristen!
i think it's more Trump's ineptitude and Ryan's fanaticism...
.@SenGillibrand this also b/c of great democratic leaders like you are able to drive ppl and stand up for real democracy, bravo from #France
let's keep Obamacare and watch it crash and burn!!
don't gloat. work harder. we have traitors in the white house.
wahooo!!!!!
That's really not why it happened at all...
