Breaking News: The GOP health effort narrowly advanced after Mike Pence broke a Senate tie http://nyti.ms/2uWzQFF 
Can you tell me how WONDERFUL #ObamaCare was passed? ...crickets from the hypocrites, shut up. Ur part of the problem.
Gladly...it was passed after a year of debate, public hearings, and almost 200 Republican amendments.  The more you know.
BWAHAHAHAHA yea, ok. Who voted? #TheMoreYOUKnow
what do you claim to be,,,oh wait, ur a nobody, a faceless troll, no followers??? LMFAO  How can u even be here with ZERO followers #Troll
what is the point you are trying to make, are you a Christian? Are you spreading the word of God to the people you feel compelled to engage?
What is with this guy? Lol
Thank you for your opposition. If this passes, my family and I are doomed.
My family and millions of others have been "doomed" for years! Even more so with 120% increase!! WTF? 
I do, it was the ACA.  USA overwhelmingly didn't want it and it was pushed down their throats.Hence the Dems losing over 1000 seats natwd
ACA is a Republican-made abomination.
Which is exactly why zero republicans voted for it.  Please, just because the roots look like a RINO think tanks paper doesn't make it Repub
It was born in a right-wing think tank, pushed for a decade for the GOP, and voted against only bc it was politically expedient to do so
My Senators are worthless. I am adopting you & all Dem Senators. Texas must get a really good candidate to defeat Cruz in 2018.
Deedee my senators are too, im from new york, i wish we had Cruz here
Hey, pay the moving fees & we'll try to make that happen.
Oh no, you can dump Cruz on some other state; New York is much better off with Democratic leadership, high taxes and all.
I whole heartedly disagree, schumer and gillibrand are do nothings
Even if I agreed, which I don't, I still rather have that than be stuck with a happy little sociopath like Cruz.
Me, too.
I'd say one where the Senate decided to force the American ppl to purchase something they did not want might qualify
You mean like the socialist party line vote that created this train wreck in the first place? You have a bad memory.
Mad your Obamacare mandates can't bankrupt the flyover states anymore?
https://youtu.be/Adrdmmh7bMo  hey #Libtard you have a short memory. good thing we don’t
Repeal! THAT will show respect to the American people that we don't want government controlling our health care provider choices!
What of your dire disrespect for us & US Constution re "freedom of speech"? Still #felonizingBDS opinion? #BDS @SenShumer
I do. About 6-7 years ago. The Dems voted the ACA in. Without any Republican input.
Your memory must be damaged.
The vote "when Obamacare was passed" was infinitely worse.
#CutOffTheTaxSpigot #StaunchTheFiscalBleeding
It should be renamed "Enslave The Middle Class into Bankruptsy Law"
You have a short memory!
This is a death sentence for millions of us.  It will also mean financial ruin for millions of us. Cruel and evil beyond belief.
Oh the fear. Give it a break, will ya lady.
Do the American people need to all march in the streets and form a revolution so Congress will listen? Canada looks better everyday
I think you're onto something there the GOP continues to ignore the American people which we cannot let stand time to step on their necks.
It sounds like you're for violent revolution. If so, please give us, the Republicans, more power by turning off people w/ violence.
That's the Republicans way. The last thing Republicans need is more power there already abusing what they have.
*They're

Do you even English, bruh?
Seriously dude.
You're the one who obviously failed grade school English.
It's time to recognize that our republic is in the midst of a bloodless civil war.
The Republic is in real peril. Banning cameras from press briefings. Talking to Boy Scouts like they are Hitler Youth. Fearful American here
Very anti-Semitic of you
HA! Says a Chritian to a Jew. How dare you? When tge storm troopers come ylu are safe.
You're comment was antisememtic The word kappo comes to mind You know nothing about me
You have a short memory then! The original Obozocare bill (w/ no Rep support) that no one, except dipsh*t Gruber, knew was in it, tops list!
You must not remember the vote that shoved Obamacare down the throats of the American people. We the People do not want Obamacare
Of course you're hard-pressed to remember the last one. Otherwise you might be forced to remember you voted YEA on it.
@SenGillibrand as a new yorker, your non action to help the american people disgusts me, you have lost my vote, pls tell Schumer the same
It's not that much of a stretch to remember is it? Disastrous ObamaCare was shoved down America's throat with dirty deals.
Nowhere near as bad. Try again. 85% of Americans are against this. ACA was about broadening healthcare. Trumpcare is about taking it away.
Not even the one w/Louisiana Purchase and Cornhusker Kickback that lied about keeping your plan and your doctor?....
Couldn't agree more. This is NOT the America that I was raised to cherish and feel pride.
PLEASE run for President in 2020.
Clues for idiots: The one that created ObamaCare with 0 bipartisanship
#goawaynow
That would be the legislation sold on fraud, unconstitutional, and built to make Americans suffer until it fails, #Obamacare
High drama, no substance.
Obamacare senate vote 2009 showed much less respect and we are paying for it
You are disgraceful.
This clearly has nothing to do with the American people. It's about 2 nasty old white men desperate to get a "win" at all costs.
Oh stick around , im sure they'll top this one.
:( You're probably right
Why do I have a feeling that the future will be much worse?
as is his want: heartless
Remember @NancyPelosi and the "we have to vote for it to see it" but she pulled... Myopic @SenGillibrand aren't you...
We are hard-pressed to remember anything #Senate has voted on that benefited we the people.
Your right and the word to signify what there doing is #NEGLECT for American people
The one you cast to shove obamacare down our throats despite the wishes of the people.
. That's because Repubs have the majority.
Except the healthcare vote Republicans were locked out of
Move to save $ by turning off lights in US Senate.
Since they're all good w/ voting blind
These folks don't care. It's the racist Obama hate. Egos got hurt. ACA-Obamacare is exactly what Romney-Repubs endorsed years ago. SMH.
Life in America = wake up each day, rediscover we're in a Howdy Doody show, produced in hell, starring an orange troll 1/2

using America as his personal vanity project.  Watch out, world--Clarabelle has been murdered & replaced by Pennywise.  2/2

We The People must RISE UP! #RESIST #PERSIST #PROTEST #GETLOUD
:(
But wait, there's more!
ACA?
Every D Senator who applauded McCain willingly colluded in that disrespectful travesty. Your support for S.720 is equally shameful.
How about the ACA? If you or your party has such great ideas why is your fundraising so low? You keep losing & yet the same BS is spewed!
Oh? That's easy..it was the day they passed Obamacare
You've never been pressed hard.... Who are kidding 
Really?

FISA
NSA
Brennan
Rice
Power
Seth Rich
Awan IT
DNC Server
Russia!
Dossier
Comey
LEAKER
Lynch
Tarmac
Huma
BleachBit
Perjury
IRS
702
@nytimes I can. When Supermajority placed Govt above people mandating healthcare. Law you admitted lying about on ABC News
My Senators @ChuckGrassley & @joniernst don't care about the ppl in Iowa. Majority just want the ACA fixed. Koch bros money is too important
I remember one, the one that forced Obamacare on us. It doesn't get less respect than "We have to pass the bill to find out what's in it."
I want to see the call logs of every Senator that voted 4 any form of BCRA. If your constituents don't want it, why vote 4 it? #disrepectful
There is no precedent in the Senate and no president in the Oval Office.
Have you ever heard of Obamacare? It raised people's health insurance premiums by 200%.  That is something that is not good for America
Or more contempt.
Please keep voting No n keep protecting our health insurance! I need my Medicaid
You have a short memory. #Obamacare
7 years of whining about ACA and this hot mess was what they come up with? Only 7 had the guts to vote no. Shameful @GOP
Dred Scott?
Oh my apologies I think that was a supreme court case.
This is a joke, right? How 'bout obamacare?

You're a joke.
Making boycotting Israel illegal?
Get out of the way. Next up, TAX REFORM.
There's no respect!!we gave them their jobs by voting for them and get kicked in the teeth. Vote them out.
GOP does not care what we think. They are bought by Kochs, Steve Wynn. Citizens United has given our vote away. We need action @ACLU
Is there anything more disrespectful than a Senator leading an effort to take away the right to protest? http://amp.gothamist.com/amp/articles/create?article_id=596fc5fc25fc1e0001ff2d5e …
You're literally about to vote for a bill that trashes our 1st amendment rights.
Ridiculous bullshit
#ScumbagDonald #aca #Trumpcare #TrumpcareKills
#wedeservebetter
Confirming DeVos was pretty awful.
Keep fighting for us Senator Gillibrand. We need you.
Oh here I will help...obamacare.  Pelosi...."we need to pass it and then we can see what is in it."
#shortmemorylibs #liberalhypocracy
It is criminal.
@SenGillibrand please let us help. @RepMaloney & I have been working together. I'll come to DC. DM me. From 7/25
I continue to fight #ACARepeal because of people like @morethanmySLE, Baby Theo & @RedTRaccoon. We must #ProtectOurCare 
It's wrong to abandon our hard working ethics, which had made America great before!
It's wrong to encourage healthy working age ppl to live on somebody else's assistance !
It's wrong to ask the tax payers to foot huge bills , even they can't afford their own cares!
It's wrong to put 13 million ppl in California on Medicaid, one third of its population!
Take some ppl off Medicaid rolls , leave the program better serving those really need!
Can't think of even one?
Gorsuch comes close.
Add amendment for all of congress to be required to have the same healthcare as they vote for everyone.
.@realDonaldTrump could not show such contempt for the Senate if he didn't have @SenateMajLdr McConnell working on the inside to destroy it.
Maybe Garland?
Just go back to the ACA vote. Don't you remember Brown running for Kennedy seat as the vote against, and they still forced it through?
This violation of Senate norms and basic legislative procedure must be held to account. No hearings? No vote! #filibusterbyamendment
@susaneisenberg1 @nytimes Probably because the republicans don't care about the people, only their own agendas and gains.
"Less respect?"How about complete lack of empathy 4 people's lives..not 2 mention suffering .without a qualm...That's what I can't fathom...
Hmmmm.......How about OBAMACARE!!! That was about as disrespectful to Americans as it gets!
You have never tweeted a suggestion. Just criticism. You won't be reelected. We're out to defeat you   Committe to dump gillibrand
I know you're from NY, but I want you to visit all states. Don't just stay in NY. Visit Repub Politicians in red states & talk to them.
I agree with you, but your anti-BDS bill is pretty fucked up too.

BREAKING: Trumpcare Death Spiral. In Lopsided Vote, Senate REJECTS Broad Obamacare Repeal —
 for now. https://nyti.ms/2tWXLAn  via @nytimes
You must have forgotten when they voted on Obamacrap then
Do you not understand that most Americans are tired of this type of political rhetoric?
and, @VP did it with that stupid a$$ grin on his face and loved it. too bad they don't serve borscht in prison. #SleeperAgent.
Republicans don't care about regular Americans. We should not lose sight of what is about to happen to us.
The Republicans conduct has reached a repulsive level and it's disgusting. They don't represent we the people and this needs to change.
#NDAA
I do! Gun background checks after all those children were murdered. 85% wanted them. GOP cowardice ruled the day. History repeats itself!!!
I think an open discussion and debate is the ultimate respect.
I do, when the democrats gave us ACA and no one knew what was in it and how Obama lied about it
not just less respect - active contempt
No problema. If you're right, Senate will be turned Democratic in no time.
This group shows us that we want a different kind of person in office.
 Swamp monsters need not apply. Mobsters will get prosecuted.
Thank you for your "no" vote! #ADAPTandRESIST
I guess the good senator forgot about the vote that have us the disaster known as Obamacare
You have a very short memory then, Toots.
Thank for fighting for US but this GOP obviously is intent on hurting as many Americans as they can in order to make money.
War has been declared upon the American People. All that remains is how we respond.
I agree I'm beyond 
We'll see if you can say that regarding BDS and gutting the 1st Amendment.
Might I respectfully suggest the rather "in your face" confirmation of Neil Gorsuch?
How about the one 7 years ago that inflicted Obamacare on us? I 'member.
The "Patriot Act" was a close second .
Just think back 7 years when @TheDemocrats forced the #ACA on America. Millions have lost coverage and paid fines for the privilege
#SomeInCongressCantBeTrusted to 
#FollowThe13Amendment 
#AreYouOne ?
You must never #NeverForceGirlsIntoInvoluntaryServitude
its broken and it needs to be fixed what don't you understand
Keep fighting...way to much at stake for American People and our kids...
Then win the debate!
And yet it goes on
@StormyVNV @nytimes it's still a mystery what was voted on. But who gives a fuck. McCain got on TV.
How 'bout the vote to pass Obamacare for starters?
It was great!! We need to debate and make new healthcare that doesn't bankrupt American and lowers cost. Free market prevail.

Considering they are treating their bosses like this. Despicable. Disgusted Republican here.
The lack of respect has become common, but we will never accept it.
Then DO SOMETHING
When elected officials stop caring for those that elected then in lieu for the Richest of the people, they no longer care about democracy.
just saying...hugs
We can only Hope that the Military or at least half doesn't comply with fascism.

And to think, most Americans are opposed to it.
Your obsession with keeping ACA has treated the Americans with total disrespect. It has hurt far more people than it helped. Look out of box
I hope you, since my Kansas senators won't, read the new one line by line. Keep the American people informed.
Ironic from a sponsor of S 720, which curtails free speech. Don't act like you have respect for Americans you corporatist shill.
Easy. ACA
Well maybe what you should do is advance a #NewDemSlogan instead of bringing children with brain cancer to watch John McCain Vote!
The GOP doesn't care about the people that will struggle.
Umm... aren't you co-sponsoring a bill that would make it a felony to boycott Israel? A FELONY for free speech, wtf?
thank you @SenGillibrand

NEED to start calling it "GOPDonTCare", to REMIND everyone from here forward exactly who STOLE HealthCare from US & gave RICH BIG TAX CUTS!

RT if you think Members of Congress & Trump should be **required to enroll** in any health care plan they pass.
How about Obamacare ?
CALL THEM OUT FOR BEING PAID FOR BY THE INSURANCE COMPANY! CALL A SPADE A SPADE! THESE DUDES ARE MERCENARIES!!
I'm sure the GOP will find a way to top this.
What has happened to the core principles of our country?
Betsy DeVos for Secretary of Education comes to mind...
2005 Bankruptcy Bill.
So your saying you dont want to debate at all just take taxpayers dollars and do nothing ?
no it  was   when the Original Obamacare passed and you  killed the best healthcare in the world you hypocrite
Maybe Donald will admit that Junior is guilty of collusion.
I keep thinking about your words: you were elected to help people - and if not you should get the eff out of Washington. I wish the Rs would
Now you get to create a good program for your constituents. Go to work vs bitching all the time.
How about the authorization to use force in Iraq, for one?
Thank you for working so hard to better the lives of all Americans.
Umm... is she really though?
I  am beyond sad at the vote! My life doesn't matter to 51 of the Senate. Thanks @SenateGOP !!
You mean like the Christmas Eve on to pass ot in the first place? Its moving to debate which os more than the previous admin did. GOI
2020
I can. Obamacare which was passed by a single party and took my healthcare away.
That's because there never has been
How about the one to pass that Obamacare monster in the first place?
Thanks Senator.
Amen to that, considering that most Americans don't want Obamacare repealed and more than half actually like it.
What can we do to help you keep fighting?  I feel helpless...
Obamacare
Iunno the confirmation of DeVos comes to mind
That Supreme Court nominee vote was a pretty good example. Oh and all of the rollbacks of civil liberties and environmental protections.
What civil liberties have you lost?
Yeah, seriously. Please name those lost civil liberties. We'll wait.
