Love your approach - very level-headed, very even, never bombastic & always on point/informative. Hopefully considering a future run.
Wow, disgusting example of higher educated health providers that are totally AntiAmerican scum
I am sorry you are so unhappy. I love this country & hope you see that it's beauty lies in a variety of perspectives. Have a great weekend.
If you love this country, you will demand that politicians work for the good of all citizens. Divisiveness is not good for anyone
I agree entirely - the good of *all* citizens. Universal healthcare like France (ranked #1 by the World Health Org). Our care is a disgrace.
Universal healthcare mandated by government? That is not good for anyone. Telling citizens that they must buy a product or service nevergood
It should be free, not mandated for purchase. Look at our healthcare rankings for citizen health, and get back to me on what's good.
I started working early in life, healthcare was provided at no cost by every major company I worked for. What changed? Greed has destroyedit
Appointing a special prosecutor would slow down and/or pause the current investigation, which has momentum and a strategic plan in progress
No it doesn't. Neither the Senate nor House inv. have dedicated enough staff or resources needed for a thorough investigation. #halfassed
Resources don't NEARLY compare w/ past investigations. #halfassed https://www.google.com/amp/mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/idUSKBN17R05E …
Not talking about Congressional committee investigations! FBI supporting 3 empaneled grand juries already have 2 dozen sealed indictments.
Plus NY AG has RICO, plus Treasury Dept FinCEN on money laundering, plus multiple friendly countries' have Trump, family, assoc on tape.
All BS of there was a crime there would already be an independent investigation and charges 
Ok, I'll bookmark your tweet, and in <6 weeks when the 24+ already existing sealed indictments are opened, I'll come back & LAUGH @ you hard
Hope you like crow 
Why do we need independent investigation if rosenstein was approved 94-6 in senate? Independent investigation is not accountable
That was when FBI was investigating themselves....
I see your point but sessions has recused himself and rosenstein was approved for his role 96-4 in a highly partisan senate. Tough to match
We'll shut these crooks down. Only time will tell if we can tolerate their hatred of  anymore #USAFirst
Will letters work as well? Write-in campaign?
Make a list 5 Republican Party representatives per person per day then the same 5 Democratic representatives
According to the DNC count in Congress you can request anything you want, but your not gonna get it..DNC is over & you need 2 get used to it
Try calling McConnell. You won't get through. Ditto Ryan. "Unfortunately" I live in a big blue state. Crying Schumer & you.
lmao, America is too far gone. Republicans already broke every law/norm possible while we play by the rules. 2018 will net us nothing.
DNC never played by rules....from their 2016 primaries, Hillary's criminal acts w/ classified data to Obama not following immigration law
I hate calling and never getting through, but more than willing to write in.
Text resist to 50409 and follow the prompts. Super easy use. I use memo pad to compose then copy/paste my message.
I'll call when you show a piece of evidence
All intelligence committees agree that Russia #meddled (and "meddle" is a kind word for the extent of their actions). IC aren't elected.
Thankfully you and Chuck are my senators
You are a complete FRAUD! A DISGRACE to New York! Time for you to resign! #TCOT #WakeUpAmerica
How about an independent investigation of the Clinton email espionage scandal?
Where is the profit in that? Not interested unless I can make more money.
Here is how to put Hilary Clinton behind bars. Appoint a new FBI director or let the American public vote
The problem is the Dems aren't the problem, the Republicans are. Every Dem can call for it but won't matter if GOP refuses
Obviously your twisted way of thinking is your problem
Wasting tune and energy on a nothing burger.
Let's make calls about who it's funding you and your issues. How about we donate masks to help you cut costs on protests.
Further: please supports efforts to create #MultiPartyDemocracy in the USA, decentralize power, & level the playing field #MoveToAmend
I vote in NY.  Stop your nonsense with Russia.  Go figure out why Hillary was let off.
We must prepare for 2018, by taking high road. Honesty, respectability, accountability and caring for 
Why don't you forget about Trump and Russia and do something constructive for USA while you are in office. That's what we are paying you for
When completed and nothing found can we discus the start up NY program?
You and @SenSchumer are my senators. Am I supposed to call R's in other states? They'll hang up on me. #feelinghelpless
I hope you get your independent investigation.  Shackles come off opening opportunities to investigate Hillary and pay for play schemes.
Didn't I hear you saying just the other day that we need bipartisanship yet you continually call for blocking whatever Trump does!
F O Gilly.  There i s no Russian connection.
Once I see your proof, I'll support you 100%.
Senator, I'm a Democrat from NY. I'm ashamed of you. You make public accusations without proof. If you have absolute proof then go public.
It's not going to happen, the "you are fired president" - YAFP - will fire them all and get away with it in a tweet.
What do you recommend to do to help if my representative are already on board and fighting the good fight?  #FormerNYer #MAresident
No one is taking you seriously.
Thank you, Kirsten, for your service. We need more adults like you in both the Seanate and House.  We could use adults in the WH, too.
How about doing something for the people in upstate New York?
I demand you stop your attacks on the current administration and start working in good faith with the majority anything less is unAmerican
I called your office yesterday and was told to call Schumer, Ryan, and McConnell's officers.
@duke_robinson I think you should call GOP members
Thanks!
Hopefully your mentor will be charged with the criminal acts she committed. Clinton's not above the law!
No we just want impeachment Why is @SenateDems @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @GOP so complicit??? We know the evidence DC must too This muat end @FBI
How come Democrats and media collectively buried the truth, and intentionally spread rumors to undermine POTUS???????
"He's a man who speaks the plain, common sense truth."  http://bit.ly/2qDAZQS 
As your constituent I say if you can't stop this&get to work then STEP ASIDE&LET SOMEONE ELSE HELP THE PEOPLE OF NY
GOP has chosen power and greed over country!
ICYDK.. #TheResistance is doing all we can.
Demand support? Really? That works? Why haven't u supported Delphi retirees when we demanded? Hello? Anybody home?
I called @McConnellPress and @SpeakerRyan and their mailboxes were full! I'm taking that as a good sign.
yes yes we get it,  I'd also love in u & fellow Dems simply blocked & threw as many wrenches into GOP agenda as possible.
In fairness, no Senator has voted against more Trump cabinet picks than Sen. Gillibrand. Outside of truancy, not sure what else Dems can do.
Indeed. 2018 is only solution. I have little faith in Dem sens do anything that actually prevents caustic GOP agenda.
Thank you for the information !
@SenWarren Tag you're it! No attraction to no action. words, words. Losing faith in politicians that don't have the brass to take action.
With Dems in the minority in Congress, not a lot they can do. At least Sen. Gillibrand has voted down more Trump cabinet than anyone else.
I voted for @SenGillibrand and work her campaign. Tired if Dems not stepping up and taking action. Much more they can do. Don't make excuses
Oh God is everyone's Ryan and Mitchell or just me?
I'm angry that you are not my direct Senator and I have to deal with O'Mara through this!!
I am represented by Susan Collins who has refused to budge from her belief that her committee is sufficient.
what about D.C. residents?  We don't have full voting representation.  Anything we can do?
Don't you have work to do for New Yorkers? Stop with obstructionism already, reduce our taxes, get rid of illegals, crime,drugs,pot holes
This New Yorker is happy with her!!!
It also might involve MY @FBI/@CIA Badge ID stolen from me in mid50s after my speech @UMassD or @UMassLowell;an ID I really need back.@MSNBC
Americans deserve the truth and demand a completely independent investigation and a Special Prosecutor! We're not safe with Trump in the WH!
Just give it up
Yeah ok... Hillary Jr.
The face of the democrat party

https://twitter.com/atleecs/status/863035537959120897 …
