I'm proud to have you as my senator!
Thank you for standing strong! I'm with you!
Given hs obvious knowledge of the law and long tenure on a Circuit Court, how do you justify that position?
Not that you can't, but I wonder "why."
Thank you for your patriotism Senator.
Creep!
i love her. she's going to be our next president!
Sure!
By Friday evening Gorsuch the next associate judge for the SCOTUS
Thank you for standing up for We, the People!
No worries, thankfully elections have consequences and we do need your vote.
Thank you Senator!
Go kirsten
My senator!
Thanks for transparency but who else do you think would be better that republicans will nominate? How is this not a petty pay back?
Thank you!!!
So she is not voting on the facts...
And that's why we love you.
Here's how I'm voting in #2018 and #2020: For @TheDemocrats for the restoration of sanity #StopTheMadness
Thank you for doing the right thing. The people of NY are lucky to have you!
You need to get your priorities straight. Gorsuch is THE BEST candidate.
Ah and suddenly life makes sense again.
Substitute teach ass't Cindy? Eminently qualified to weigh in on nom! Bet she can quote fr his law review work too!
Don't judge me sweetheart.
I'll judge all day when someone with no knowledge pretends to be an expert on Supreme Court justices!  And don't call me sweetheart!
I'll miss reading your tweets oh so much!
Thank you!
Thank you. Keep fighting for what is right
We have your back, Senator. Thank you for your service.
Thank you for fighting the good fight! NY is with you.
Thank you.
Thank you for standing up for the people of the USA!
I am waiting to be able to vote no on you.
From Alabama, I am waiting to vote YES on @SenGillibrand -  on a national level. Some of you don't appreciate the good governance you get.
Just as I don't appreciate the ignorance I get.
Thank you!!!
Why?  Certainly not based on his ability.  He was good enough to be voted in by the Dems 10 yrs ago, why not now?  Obstacle to your agenda?
I want you to vote YES on Gorsuch for SCOTUS. He doesn't legislate from the bench so you don't like him. Not a good reason.
And yet he was almost unanimously voted in as a federal judge. You do not represent this NYer by playing games with your votes.
Voted for you last time I won't next time
#Gillibrand2020
- thank you for your tireless work. I am proud to be your constituent
Thank you!
@poststar I'm voting no on you.  You are an embarrassment to this state.  Party politics at its best.
Timing is bad to pick a fight. The next nomination could be far worse. #keepyourpowderdry
Ty
Thank you!
Thank you Senator!!
I'm sure u did a careful review of all his cases, oh wait, u said that if they "suck" u vote no. So proud U take ur job seriously
Thank you for representing NY so well.
Thank you!
thank u senator Gillibrand #theresistance #Democrat #ResistTrumpTuesdays #animalactivist #animallover
More snowshoers please!  That worked out great for you and Chuck.
I wouldn't expect anything less from my NY Senator.
You will always have my vote, thanks for all you do.
THANK YOU!
Blitz republican areas with HIs TRUCKER decision. Like WVA , ME, NE, OK, OH u need rep. Constituents to call their SEN. #StopGorsuch
Thank you!
Keep up the fight! We're with you #blockgorsuch
Thank you
Thank you
He's compromised Sen., by #TrumpRussia, my GA Senators are pushing hard for the vote - it's disgusting
NY needs a replacement for you. Very ineffective and definitely unpatriotic. Get a real job.
That's my senator. Keep fighting the good fight.
Sad week that you cannot get past politics and vote for yes for Gorsuch. You know he is a great man.  Sad for the Dems!  No working with you
Thank you for representing me
Thank you for your strength and perseverance!
Vote Gorsuch, no reason not to except for partisan spite.
You vote no on everything..plausible deniability is not leadership.  Instead of working for the people you take your toys and go home.
Thank you!
You are a cog in the wheel....please just leave your office and never come back!
Thank you! 
Thank you!
Voting Party over what's right is ridiculous You said if you weren't going to help peopl u might as well go the F home When r u leaving?
Thanks for being a beacon of sanity in this mess.
Thank you, stay strong!
Thank you
Thank you my Senator!
Thank you for standing up for all of us!!
thank you!!
T H A N K   Y O U!
Happy with both my senators. Go Green!
well done!
thank you
Thank you -so proud you are my Senator!
You suck. Your party sucks. Gorsuch is a fair judge. You are a partisan hack
highest rating the ABA issues. I, as a moderate, not happy w Garland obstruction.  Your action is worse #epicfail #partyofno
We stand with you. #resist
Keep up the good work Sen. Gillibrand and Thank you
You are an embarrassment to New York State!
Thank you! I am so glad you’re my senator!
Thank you for being our voice in these crazy times!
Thank You for standing up for what's right & Voting No on Gorsuch
thank you
And I would vote YES if you ever decided to run for President! 
Thank you Senator, hold your ground.
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand.

Thank you!
Thank you Sen Gillibrand!
you lost my vote! It's a disgrace. Eight years of nothing. Give us pro growth policies. The judge is extremely qualified.
Thank you & Keep #Resisting! Don't forget about the #DarkMoney behind that is pushing #Gorsuch
Thank You from this proud Western New Yorker
And I am voting for anyone but you next cycle... 
You have no reason not to approve Gorsuch. Do your job.
Thank you. Stand strong!
My Senator 
Proud of my senator!!
THANK YOU!!!!!
And I'll be voting "NO" on you Senator when your term is up
Thank you
I'm disappointed you are voting no on cloture. Lifelong Dem, but this partisan pettiness is getting us nowhere. Dems don't have leverage.
Gorsuch will be confirmed no matter what & Dems look petty. Shouldve saved political capital for the next SCOTUS fight.
♡♡♡♡♡
Keep it up! So proud of you!
Of course. Not because u hav any good reason. Just because u lost & still throwin a temper tantrum. Grow up. You're making asses of urselves
Thank you! Keep it up!
Thank you for putting our country first.
Great work, Senator! Thank you.
Which is why you will always have my support
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator! We can always depend on you voting the right way.
thank you!
Thank you!!!
Thank you!
Thank you for your principled stand!
Can the nuclear option be prevented???
Liberal partisan garbage as usual.
Another @SenSchumer clown
Thank you for standing up for your constituents!
Thank you 
Thank you, Senator. Proud you represent me.
Thank you!
I am someone who needs an explanation of how a filibuster moves democrats forward.
It doesn't. They are morons
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you!
Thank you!
And?
please commit to #FilibusterGorsuch
With no just cause.....
Shocker. What an embarrassment.  
Thanks , @SenGillibrand !
Gorsuch is a good man.  If you cared about the people, this would not be a political decision.  Disappointed!
Thank you! Stand up for people, not corporations.
Thank you
And this is why I support you. Continue the good fight.
Thanks
Thank you!
Thank you for standing strong against Gorsuch. I support you in the filibuster.
Stay Strong...thank you
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator.
Fine. You'll not only get Gorsuch but also someone far worse next time because the filibuster will be off the table.
Come next election, you might be looking for a job. Trump should ban all officials leaving office from being lobbyist for 5 years.
Thank you!!!!
Thank you!
Thank you. 
Next..#IMPEACH
You politicians make me sick.  Really sick.
Thank you, senator!
Because good Christians don't put corporations above people and take secret money from billionaires. WWJD?
GOOD!
Thank-you from NY Senator.
disappointed to know that a man who is more than qualified will not garner your vote. IF he was Obama's pick I am sure he would be a yes!
Look forward to the day when sensible people can again disagree agreeably.  There were profound reasons for 60-vote rules, now gone 4ever.
Will you please consider running as @JoeBiden's VP in 2020?
Ba ha ha.. That is a good one.
Is it as warm in Russia as it is here today?
Why don't you ask Susan Rice?
Who's that?
Watch the news! Get informed!
Now if you'd said Carter Page, or Erik Prince, or Mike Flynn - then I'd know where you were heading with that.
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you.
THANK YOU!
thank you! stay strong
Thank you!! You are a rock star. We need more women like you in Washington!! #Hero
Boo
Yeah, no kidding. And you're still going to lose. On Gorsuch and ALL the rest of the judicial appointments. 
Nuclear Option, duck & cover!
Of course.  And, the consequences of the non-people decisions will help independents and democrats to make a no decision on GOP
'10, '14, '16. We strongly encourage you liberals to continue on your beaten path. Winning strategy.
Wow. Shocker. Chuck said not too and so you said no. Big news there.
Thank you. <3
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator! Proud to have you representing the Empire State.
Go the f**k home!
you are going with the Democratic party i voted for you to do the right thing no vote for you the next time stand up!!!!!
Thank you. Proud of you.
