BREAKING: The Trump administration will let more employers opt out of providing no-cost birth control for religious, moral reasons.
I will never understand why anyone would think it's appropriate for my boss' religion to dictate my birth control options. #VoteDem2018
I will never understand how anyone's fucking religion should affect ANY of us FOR ANY REASON. This is BEYOND DUSGUSTING.
Thankfully this probably wont be taken advantage of in most normal companies, but if it does, i hope they go out of business
I hope women stop working for those companies
How will anyone suffer?
I would like to see some legislation regarding erectile dysfuntion. I have a religious objection to synthetic erections. #NoViagra #NoCialis
Maybe you should get a real man
John,real mean don't act like fools.
Hypocritical Republicans claim to be against abortion, but take away birth control which prevents it.
We will prevail. We must refuse to be anyone's victim. It's time to stand up and fight back.
We are so morally bankrupt in this country...  Denying in the name of religion...  When will the 'Dumbing Down of America' disease be cured?
Sure we'll cover your health needs.. said big fat liars
No B.C. should mean no more sex.
Voluntary tax proposal: Taxpayers can opt out paying tax on any budget portion they don't like. Example if I'm pacifist, I opt out defense.
Moralists who equate abortion w/murder would advocate the same penalty if they believed it. They don't. They believe murderers are victims.
No abortions.
No birth control.
No maternity care.
No CHIP
No childcare.
No money for public schools.
No college loans.

... wtf?
That's completely false.

Harvey Weinstein??
Ughhhhhhhhhhh why is women's health up for debate!?!??!??
Here's the deal and the big Q- we are going backwards in every possible human dignity way. What is the actual plan to preserve our rights?
Kirsten gillibrand is taking money from sexual assaulter harvey Weinstein will she disavow someone who is hurting women
This administration is simply awful on protecting women, GLBT, immigrants,  the list goes on
This is about to turn into handmaids tale =\
Or Lorena Bobbitt's tale, if women having affairs with them want revenge... Just hope they throw them into meat grinders after the chop chop
Please tell us how we can help, Senator.
Move to purple states and make friends :))
We need to confront 'right-to-life' hypocrisy: these regressives relish the danger for & death of women who seek abortion.
And yet they can eschew their religious and moral convictions in running their businesses?
So what about vasectomies and Viagra?
I grew up having to buy my own contraception. Why do ppl think someone else should pay?  Where's personal responsibility?
We will fight!
@AP how do they rationalize viagra as being part of god's will?
@AP but dont I have a religious right to be an atheist and have medical decisions made between me & my doctor?
They frown on people getting pregnant in the work force and then deny some of them the means to prevent pregnancies.
only saving grace here is many many more babies born and they will all be democrats many POC or born American!! didn't think it through?
What birth control does Melania use? Probably just locks him out of the bedroom. He turns my stomach!
What exactly IS 45’s “agenda” besides allowing discrimination setting women back polluting the environment and tweeting us into nuclear war?
Ban insurance coverage for Viagra. If women can't protect themselves from pregnancy then men shouldn't be allowed to get the party started!
I am happy to have you as my Senator. As for Trump - he makes me sick!
The Dear Leader is punishing women for marching on his parade. He says he loves women, no he loathes them, thus his mean spirited actions.
Tell us what to do to fight this egregious decision. This is not just a Twitter fight.
And its a buncha guys making decisions like this.
Makes no sense. They can't be anti-abortion AND take away birth control.
When you kill SCOTUS decisions that let corporations call themselves people then this ends.
@HobbyLobby will opt out, but what other companies will join them? I have expendable income I'd like to withhold from all of them.
Think they’ll restrict viagra? Or vasectomies?
TBF it wasn't up for any *real* debate. In fact, debate was the last thing Congress wanted.
Women should walk out on those businesses.
OMG! how much are birth control pills? Get serious and let you planed parenthood pay for it.

why do "religious & moral beliefs" of an employer, trump "religious & moral beliefs" of employees, who have rights too THEIR beliefs as well
Hard to believe @GOP doesn't have more important things to do. #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
Sarah sd religious freedom- no it is allowing a few extremists to shove their religion down the rest of our throats
But why is james hunt DEA in charge of NY using millions of tax payers USD to cover up numerous of crimes & commit crimes
Bologna!  How in the hell are women going to suffer?  They have options. Everything from abstinence to making the man purchase a condom.
Please start discussing IN PUBLIC, IN WRITING, IN THE PRESS, on THE SENATE FLOOR, why Viagara is covered?
Because they want their cake and they want to be able to eat it too....
I’m so glad you’re my senator!  On the right side of every issue so far this year!!
I have a list of be questions for my next job interview.
I do not understand how so many women could  vote for tRUmp
More victims to vote for you? This is a good thing, no? At minimum you'll fund raise like crazy off this exaggeration. Be 
What if employers refuse to pay for employees operations because they against blood transfusion, or employee having baby not married
Huckabee says it's about individuals religious beliefs to allow employers to do this, last I checked employees NOT forcing employers to take
Standby for anti-vaxers and their public health attack to be next on cheeto agenda
I am a woman and I use birth control. I work full time and I should have the same rights as the men I work with who use viagra.
@AP  YES!

Demand #ERANOW to #PassTheERA: 2 more states & Congress enacting #SJR5 to advance the #EqualRightsAmendment!
Thank you!!!
CA Attorney General has filed lawsuit against Trump Administration challenging this decision. Let's hope he wins.
#swampcreature
This does not effect ONLY women FYI. At this point we have yet to figure out how to self inseminate.
#Lysistrata their ass
@AP Ban VIAGRA!!!!!!
@AP No birth control/ No Viagra !!!!!!!


Yes we will! I’ve had enough of this misogyny. I thought we’d be further along by now. They are dragging us back to the 1950’s.
Breaking down #aca bit by bit
If you can refuse to inoculate your child from dreaded childhood diseases on religious grounds..what’s the problem???
Well, we know these companies don't hold their female employees in high regard. How about their MALE employees who have wives on their plan?
Fight fire with fire. Take away their ED pills.  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/03/13/nina-turner-viagra-contraception-bills_n_1341642.html …
The individual health decisions of employees should not be subject to the religious whims of their employers. Very slippery slope.
@MaverickofKain @AP You bet we will fight!
Today, Kirsten learned the liberty to practice one's religion is not up for debate.
One word. "Outrageous". We all need to fight this!
No birth control, abortion bans, cuts to medicaid and medicare - WHO ARE THESE PEOPLE? Have they proposed stopping women from voting too?
Shocking that Trump actually won majority of white women and did well with women overall. They might keep that in mind!
Planning pregnancies allows women to go to college, to work. No copays for preventative care helps everyone. Unplanned pregnancies hurt all.
But old white men beg to differ
Women the power you have is to deny sex. They think their power is between their legs. Well that is where ours is.
Maybe time to let employers opt out of medications treating diseases caused by gluttony? Religious freedom and all...#gluttonyisasin
Trump administration should have started with opt out on Viagra since a penis is always involved in "risky sexual behavior".

Please also fight to keep medical deductions in tax reform!
maybe you can find a privately funded  organization that will provide free birth control
As will the unintended children they will have.
USA was born of people fleeing from religious persecution. Now we have this. Totally unacceptable. Let's fight back. TY @SenGillibrand
Hey @POTUS I thought you loved women??? But not enough 4 my employer to cover  birth control? & @IvankaTrump I guess your asleep #IAMMAD
.@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski $1.5TrillionTaxCut & WomensBenefitsCut 4 #CorporateTaxCut, #DeathTaxRepeal-Plz stand 4 us!
Both of my daughters were on birth control for a bleeding disorder. #WarOnWomen  #HandsOffMyBC
I know someone that will be in intense pain because of this, who might have to quit working because of it. Happy now GOP?
How are all the female #jillstien #feelthebern voters feeling about thei decision now?  Get it right next time. A lot to fix in 18 & 20
Sick and tired of these self/righteous fake Christians...Trump is phony on a lot of levels, but a Christian?? Nope.
Hope they opt out of ED meds and penile implants.
@AP @ReutersUS Birth Control meds needed https://youngwomenshealth.org/2011/10/18/medical-uses-of-the-birth-control-pill/ …
http://tinyurl.com/klw96yj  3rd pgh Huckabee mandated ins plans provide contraception coverage, including church org such as hosp/universities
women won't suffer. Stop having sex, at the very least, unprotected sex. Common sense!
How is this happening?  How is this getting on the schedule?
#FreedomofReligion doesn't give anyone the right to impose their beliefs on the rest of us #Reprohealth #HandsOffMyBirthControl
We’re screwed and we only have ourselves to blame!
Millions of babies say thank you
Thank you Senator! That's right- It should never be up for debate.
Women across this country have the power to fix this in a hurry.  It's called #Abstinence! #NoMoreSex 'til they stop their #WarOnWomen!
So here’s a way to drive down abortion rates-said no one EVER - want less abortions; one path to lowering # is by access to contraceptives
I'm sick of fighting this country after a lifetime of it.
No they won’t. Stop lying. Or is that impossible...
Trump is happy to throw women under the bus to appease evangelical cultists.
Evangelical cultists such as the nuns from the Little Sisters of the Poor?
Yes, as a matter of fact.
Ffs. What year is this again?
Hey senator.  I need condoms.  Would you pay for them???
WOMEN. KNOW YOUR PLACE! HAVE YOUR PUSSIES GROPED. HAVE BIRTH CONTROL REMOVED. BE THANKFUL. VERY THANKFUL. (Not views held by this tweeter)
Yeah but he has no problem with assaulting women. Cheating on women. Insulting women. Where are morals and religion on that?
Sending US society spiralling backwards at speed of light..surely he will kicked out on his arse soon..
Seriously - wtf?
We must win
Employers pay for your birth control in the U.S?? 
It’s part of health insurance here, which is provided by the employer, usually.
Not part of ours , this side of the Pond
Yes, but at least you have universal healthcare!
So let's see-Women can't get birth control cover employer. no abortions. no govt subsidies if can't afford. But men get as much viagra-hmm!
Then for religious, moral reasons they should not argue with having to provide no-cost childcare for every employee who becomes pregnant
Stop using the phrase "for moral reasons" 
It's repugnant and normalizes their sick & bizarre need to control women's reproductive choices.
I sort of get the religious stuff, but I don't understand: what "moral" reasons are there against birth control?
Me either.
Only a person full of hate and self-loathing rolls back decades of progress!!
So no more BC but men get the purple pill? GOP thinks THEY are God! They cry no government intrusion / regulations huh?#GOPHypocrites #YOYO
I'm a women and I think women should be put back in there place.  Murdering their own babies should not be.  Abortion is Murder call it that
What if the @NRA got $500M/yr. in government subsidies like @PPact ? The #SelectiveOutrage
@realDonaldTrump @VP @SenMajLdr ComingFrom theMost immoral group of whiteMEN I'd laugh, but it is not funny Women's rights moving backwards.
Please stop this attack on women.
I believe - It is their will & Intent to cause harm & suffering for those they regard as and believe are less worthy. It's the #GOP way
You're last solution was a blanket mandate that made the price skyrocket
There are similarities between Trump and the Taliban. One is they also took away women’s rights.
Another pussy cat hat march on DC?
So will men!
Please do. This is the worst of the first anti woman agenda trump/pence have. this is the beginning of control of woman back to 1950's.
What happened to Religious freedom in America? Or is that for non Christians?
This FatBastard has no understanding of the Constitution.  He thinks he's rigged the system but we have to fight.
An admitted rapist shouldnt have control over women's access to birth control or shape policies concerning their health care. #impeachtrump
Employers should not be holding employees to THEIR religious beliefs!!!
Too bad Trump's mother didn't have access to birth control or an ABORTION! He's the perfect poster boy for abortion certainly!
Damn right we will. Lawmakers remove yourselves from healthcare decisions. #birthcontrol #womensrights
Why is Viagra not treated the same way
How do you fight against the Supreme Court "Hobby Lobby" decision?

As a women around the same age as you, I have never felt like more of a minority since January.  This is appalling #sad
Governor Greitens signed a bill in Missouri allowing employers to fire single women known to use birth control. Missouri is a Fascist state.
I have a feeling that the 53% of white women who voted for Trump can probably afford abortions and birth control.
Counting on you Kirsten!
@AP birth control, hysterectomies have medical uses, too, it is not analogous to viagra in any way.
@SenGillibrand the only thing suffering is the lack of sense you have
https://www.metro.us/lifestyle/these-countries-offer-birth-control-without-a-prescription/zsJpae---yEz215ingkl6 …
This shouldnt even be a conversation. LESS developed countries allow birth control to be purchased over the counter
Dont just say we'll suffer Senator, bring a bill that makes birth control accessible over the counter. Other countries i.e Russia does this.
Then pay for your own birth control and contraceptives.
If men were the ones who had babies this wouldnt even be up for discussion. This whole administration makes me sick to my stomach. #resist
#Conservative who claim "Sharia Law" has an undue influence on our country have NO issue with religious law when it's from their OWN faith.
The war on women continues unabated
Why are you so against child birth?  You support abortion and free birth control. Please explain?
Move to Russia
Why should ANYONE get no cost birth control?  We don't get no cost blood pressure pills, asthma medication, or anything else.
BS. No one will suffer. Many sources of free birth control.  Insurance coverage increases cost.
So jobs that may not pay enough for its employees to support their families won't allow employees to have access to birth control...
My religion believes women with dyed hair and men with shaved heads are evil.  I need them banned from my company.  Is this ok?
"Religious/moral reasons" are just BELIEFS. That's it. Not fact. A belief. If they don't like it, then don't use it.
When are you going to give back Harvey Weinstein's donations!
"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof...". So, in the GOP world....
...only the 2nd amendment counts right?
Please, do fight back. BC is also used for a myriad of medical issues other than contraception. Let us know how we can join the fight.
They could always keep their legs closed.
#WomensNationalStrike #WomensEqualityPartyUSA
If you need some one w/a true story who needed BC pills for medical reason, I am here, will testify! I am a retired medical professional.
More proof they really aren't against abortions, they're just for regulation of female's autonomy
We need religion out of our politics. It's not supposed to be in our government
I guess he and Melania use the rhythm method.
She doesn't sleep with him
Also know as financial reasons
.@realDonaldTrump is not fooling anyone. He is not the president for all Americans. Only the ones who THINK they are morally above everyone.
The only religion these employers are worshipping is    Sad that Congress/WH are hiding behind religion to advance misogynistic agenda
How's that non-violence stance coming?
Ready for the Revolution yet?
Or are we still on stand-by?
Think you meant to address Susan Sarandon.
Haven't seen her since Bernie quit and I turned to Hillary.
HRC would have won too, "if it weren't for those meddling kids."
Up to U.S. now.
It’s only up for debate bc Congress gave wide powers to HHS Sec to make the rules under which Obamacare operates, don’t blame T blame O
If you can't keep your legs closed you should pay for your own birth control.
And no more covering Rx for Viagara EITHER.  Right?  No, what?? THAT’s still covered??
Sounds like the "White House Advisor" is falling down on the job.

We will fight back!  Another issue added to list for my daily calls.
You dont understand the constitution its purpose or why america is greatest country at all fo you
The admin is picking apart the ACA ala carte. Do not let them do this.
Thank you
congress could have cut all requests for insurances to cover costs of #Viagra 
pro-active birth control?
Do they still cover viagra?
@SenGillibrand  What about the Women who suffer from Endometriosis! They are prescribed BC for that female illness.  NO BC,
NO VIAGRA
How will we fight back? I'm crushed and despondent. These men don't even consider us people
Oh... and failing to reauthorize program that allows healthcare access for children..  so the "life culture" kids can be sicker.
Funny how the right always finds a way to use religion when it benefits them. Hypocrites!
Of course they did.  And GOP is trying to ban abortions again.  Keeping women barefoot and pregnant. Well not rich women. #hypocrisy
Is it time to push to make them over the counter?
Trump & GOP would lots of unwanted babies born, and then neglected because they don't have healthcare.
More unskilled, uneducated workers for the corporations to exploit.
Please propose legislation to take away coverage of Viagra too

when birth control pills cost $20-50 a mth they have a problem but no problem paying for cell phone/data at $80-200 a mth, priorities!
There was no debate. He just did it. Like... Everything else...
So true. And it’s not like there are more pressing matters at hand 
Haha whatever it takes to not discuss russia
And let’s skip right fucking past his “calm before the storm” comment.
You're not down with tuning into the next episode of Dragon Ball Z to see what "You'll find out" means??
Sometimes I can’t keep up and need the “previously on x-men” voiceover to help me out.
