Here is a thought if you can't afford to raise your kids DON'T have kids!!
When she says "lift the burden" she means gov't paid for, which means gov't gets involved, which also means, higher taxes.
Yes, and raising the wages of the women who care for kids!
Yeah?  How?  Tax credit for childcare?  Anything less is bullshit.
What next? Free shopping at malls, free Uber to supermarket, all on taxpayer dime of course
In a democracy we all pitch in for the public good. To assume it extends beyond what we are discussing reveals your priorities and politics
Collectivist bullshit. Significantly lowering everyone's taxes would accomplish more
Unfortunately, your guy wants wealth redistribution. The only people who will benefit from tax "reform" are the 1%. For the rest of us, meh.
I'm talking about NYS not everything is about Trump you know
High quality child care is a key part of the two-generation strategy. #TwoGen helps both parents & kids.
I have 2 kids in full time daycare in PA. $2000 a month. It's insane.
Please
Why not fight for a living wage than American families can afford child care without help?
Kristen, it's time for people in this country to get out of the nanny State mentality and figure out how to take care of their own needs.
you want to help everyone... stop sending tax dollars to other countries.... get this country's problems fixed first ...
More taxes from the democrats again. Another freebie
New York child care services are fraught with over regulation end Rising costs due to both regulation and minimum wage raise. Dems FAULT
It's a shame New York Democrats gave away college and strapped Working Families
I'm a #WorkingMom, when my boys were in FT #childcare the cost exceeded my mortgage. Supporting working families strengthens our economy.
Raising minimum wage to $15 an hour will increase child care costs by 30%
Child care is the idea born of Ivanka Trump.  None of these issues, Gillibrand claims, ever existed before Pres Trump.  Vote these liars out
Yes the govt should pay for everything. Moronic babble.
Go grow some money then.
U should work with Ivanka Trump on this issue.
Amen. Prohibitive child care costs are the single greatest barrier to women's success. Both financially and emotionally.
Really ? But what about tax cuts 2 the supper  rich  lets give them more  who cares about work n  families
Sen NY needs #SinglePayerNow working families need hcare. As a single mom I ask please follow Gov Brown's lead. Both are devastating $$$
I already pay for 2 children. How many more can I afford?Once again, a government program IS NOT FREE! Where is the $ coming from?!
I took custody of twin 2 yr old grandkids from foster care. Daycare in rural NY was $1000 per month! Still  less than foster care!
just stopping spending and taxing personal earnings
Your Democrat Party created an issue that in the next few years will raise costs by 30% in New York #stonybrookchildcare
Raising minimum wage will have an extreme impact on the cost of childcare. New York Democrats didn't think about that .
Or let's make it feasible for a parent to stay home to raise & teach our future generations
How ... more taxpayer funded subsidies... NOT !!!
I vote in NY.  You do know that someone has to pay for it don't you?  Figure that one out then post.
How?  What's your plan for this?
We also need affordable senior housing, which also carries a hefty price tag. We need a holistic approach to Family Policy = Family Values
and thereby adding more to the debt.  sheesh
How?   Who pays.  Remember labor is the single highest cost and you are all for a $15 min wage which will increase cost across the board.
Are you suggesting they shouldn't reproduce or that they should be accountable for their actions?  Not suggesting other taxpayers pay for it
@rachbarnhart one of your prime issues as well.
My conversation with a voter over weekend was eye-opening. $1000 a month - half her salary - for childcare. County said no subsidies left.
It's terrible. And if you have two kids, untenable for so many: so one parent stays home, usually female ->>>wage disparity.
Or if there's only one parent, there are few choices here.
With my son #PA on Sunday. Told me their 2 sons in childcare 2017 = $$ similar to 1 kid public university tuition. No discretionary income
I'm a single mother. And a waitress. Daycare is 600 a month. It's more cost efficient to be unemployed. And that's a shame.
User a serious lake of personal responsibility. Libs always want someone else to pay their costs. Live within your means.  Pay your own way
It's time you learned that these gifts of yours are our hard earned dollars
Senator. What ever happened to personal responsibility?  Why should I pay for their child care?  Quit wasting our tax dollars #MAGA
So you'll take my money by force, so someone else can have child care?
My childcare bill is $1600 a month. But we knew that going in and planned accordingly. Cost is high not sure what you can do
I know many single mothers who work and can't afford childcare and make too much to receive any kind of assistance.
Raising the minimum wage will increase child care costs by 30%,
And who is going to pay for it?
Typical Dem spend spend spend
Or maybe help people who can't afford it not have children?
an issue in WNY is the lack of full-day kindergarten. It's not the same as "child care" but its not unrelated
The cost of childcare is why my husband and I may only have one kid.... We could afford a 2nd EXCEPT for the childcare - would exceed rent
I would rather die than be Trump's slave
trying hard not to choke on the hypocrisy since you support& defend murdering children in the womb..
Yes, more funding by government worked so well in college tuition and healthcare.

The banks loaning us money thanks you.  #FollowTheMoney
Many families have 2 working parents, and its sad they don't have much left over after paying childcare
Absolutely- what is your solution?
Absolutely ridiculous, ludicrous, since when is it gov job to support families? This is what your families are doing, enough families!!!
Call Ivanka and work together on a plan
Why should everyone else have to pay for others decision to have kids? If you can't afford them don't have them.
Why should I have to pay for Trump's secret service? Taxes pay for all kinds of shit we don't want or need. Don't be petty.
My daughter, single mom, pays 162. per week  (1 child) close to the cost of her rent per month. Horrible.
The biggest price tag is letting the state indoctrinate children to become social marxists dependent on big Gov
TY. Its why I had to leave prior job. 3rd kid alone, $2284/mo in NJ. Tried cheaper place, but awful care, didnt work out
parents need to weigh cost of childcare vs what they actually bring home in pay, may not b worth it budget & stay home till FT school starts
So we pass the cost on to others. My mortgage has price tag & so does my car. I want someone else to pay for them. And what about my pony?
For a second I thought you were referring to the Secret Service budget.
I pay more every month for child care than for rent. And the rent isn't cheap.
Us too!
HOW DO YOU PAY FOR IT?.........…...... CRICKETS.
Another liberal vote grab.  You are shameless Senator
So wait who's gonna pay for this now??
So typical the left and the Dems so good at spending other people's money.
President Trump is looking to do a major tax overhaul. Maybe you anti American Dems can stop resisting for a minute and get it done.
No, wrong!  Live within your means, don't have the children if you can't responsibly care for them.  It's not govt's job to provide daycare
6/ There is talk of a "tax strike"  - folks refuse to pay taxes until this is fixed. This is not a kleptcratic monarchy. Let's act like it!
The problem is idiots that think the country owes them and they aren't responsible for their decisions
Let me get my wallet...
5/ The fact that he CHARGES the Secret Service for golf cart use is just beyond. And we're not paying for MAL trips this fall/winter.
I thought it was crazy to pay for all of obamas Hawaii vacations
4/ And how about maybe limit these ppl to a certain # of vacation days/expenses, LIKE EVERYONE ELSE?
3/ And, enact a law stating that the taxpayers will only pay to secure ONE residence.
Another airy platitude in a career of such tripe by this empty suit in mannequin's clothing.  Senator as romper room monitor.
2/ A competent Congress would require, at a minimum, that officials can't profit off of their own taxpayer-funded protection.
Did you know congressdoesnt pay into soc sec or pay for Obamacare. No they have special deals. Ask your senator
