Sen. Gillibrand, Have you cosponsored Durbin & Graham's S.1615 Dream Act of 2017? Everyone else, please call your Senator to do so as well!
Thank you, Senator! I look forward to seeing you sign on as co-sponsor to S.1615 Dream Act of 2017 along with @SenSchumer ASAP!
Loser senators. Their home countries want their hard working citizens back.

Yes you're right! It would help young legal citizens not illegal aliens!
#FakeChristian
God says judge not lest he be judged! And to obey the laws of the land! Now who's using religion? I didn't bring it up u did! Know ur Bible!
God would not deport people who were brought here when they were too young to have a say. God: "love thy neighbor", doesn't specify status
Just because u disagree with my opinion doesn't giv u right 2 judge my salvation. If u read the Bible it opens u up 2 judgement from God.
Reading the Bible and living by the Bible are two separate things. God would not deport minors
U can't live the Bible if u haven't read the Bible. Ur response doesn't make sense. U don't no what He wud do if u aren't reading it.
It doesn't mean they will automatically be kicked out - just means they can be deported if they're criminals.  DACA gave cover for bad'ns
Yes. And I bet all those legal citizens will be glad when it happens.
I'm all 4 DACA BUT we live on a finite  w finite resources.  needs 2 commitment 2 ZERO population growth on this Overpopulated planet.
ILLEGAL ALIENS
Daca only benefit the children of people that committed crimes. What about the children waiting in line to come to America back home ?
Thank goodness, we don't need these kinds if contributions, we have enough rape and gangs in the US.
Any new work permits can be processed lawfully in accordance with the Constitution of the United States without breaking the law
Let the contributors stay, the 1s that are in gangs, not working or doing good in school go back. DACA is against the Constitution
Immigration is a broken system in our country. Go work to reform it so that the system works under the law.
No they don't. Liar.
Getting welfare, food stamp, school funds, is taking not contributing. Send them home
You... don't know much
I can make up numbers too.
Multiply these Dreamers by 4or more anchor babies each for # generations and then we belong to Mexico.Are u that dumb?
Do you need a loan visit or Contact us at our company email address: johnleoloancompany@gmail.com
Vote these traitors out while you still have a vote that counts.  Everyday,  your vote is negated by voting illegals.  Dems, no standards.
America is 20T in debt.  Debt grows 2.4B daily!!!  Under O, we lost our homes, retirement & HC.  Dems only consideration is 4 illegals?
what about all those educated, tax paying legal immigrants who have been living in fear and waiting in line for a Green card? #EndDACA
Vote these traitors out.  Dems have wasted your tax $ on lawsuits & tied up courts protecting illegals?  Money not spent on your own kids.
This is not just Dreamers, there are 21M other illegals whom the Dems embrace, feed, house and support w/your tax dollars.  Trade 4 votes.
This is not compassion, this is takeover.  Replace American voters w/illegals. dismantle & degenerate military. Erase history & nat'l pride.
Liberals R Globalists. Pro mass immgtn, open borders, no military, no pvt guns, no sovereignty.  1 world Gov, ruled by UN.  Steal America!
Dems have lost their American voter base.  they trade citizenship 4 illegal loyalty.  They R not more compassionate then I, they R desperate
The citizen's of NY State (who still remain here) have had dreams dashed by you & Dems for decades. How about a little compassion for them?
Oh? How so?
There's an exodus of people seeking lower taxes, fewer regulations, jobs. Check population figures of upstate cities/towns. Years of decay
True, but I don't see why that and DACA are mutually exclusive. Separate issues and Dreamers contribute significantly to society
True!  But let's consider ALL "dreamers" ... some are citizens born here, too. Our Senators talk BIG, but deliver taxes & empty promises
BTW ... I hope Sen Gillibrand sees this. She may be surprised that Rochester is in New York.
Stop  this man
And supporting BDS would impact the lives of many Palestinians who are under siege by the Israeli government. Or is that "anti-semitic"?
the GOVERNMENT should never have allowed the continued breaking of our immigration laws over the years, we wouldnt be in this mess now!
What's wrong with the dreams of the children of your constituents? Why aren't they important to you? Stop preferring illegals dreams to ours
Complete BULL. Ilegal is illegal. We are a nation of laws. No amnesty of any type. DEPORT!
Will you be sponsoring a Dream Act for American citizens? Our children need help too you know.
#DeportDACAS.
That's the point.
No their parents impacted their lives when they broke American law's! We have dreamers take a look in projects & trailor parks & Defend them
I'm sure that 800,000 youngsters can really effect 350,000,000 people... smh
That's right! So please co-sponsor the Durbin-Graham DREAM Act!
Then please sign-on as co-sponsor for S1615, the Dream Act of 2017. #defendDACA
You should care his much for AMERICAN children and AMERICAN dreams. But you see future votes and that's all you care about. #AmericaFirst
They should go back home, Senator. You've never fought as hard for Americans... #repealDACA #deportillegals
Ha. Get them out
#EndDACA  Also clarify 14th ...Squash Birth Right Babies for ILLEGALS ,this is a PATHWAY to Welfare,Excuse to STAY! HURTS AMERICANS&COSTLY!
End DACA
Hard working no criminal record= green card! Criminal illegal immigrants DACA or not need to be deported!
what the heck is DACA?
Sometimes kids have to pay for the parents mistakes. And this is one of those times Go back and come back and do it the right way  it's law
Then author a bill making Obama's illegal executive #DACA order a law.
Do you support Antifa??
I would like to know how they have contributed to this country.
No daca no amnesty.
Why don't u do something significant & pass immigration reform instead of putting on another bandaid
Too bad. Come in legally. Period
That's hundreds of thousands here illegally taking legal  citizens jobs
What are you going to do?
Including the ones who contribute to the prison population and welfare roles!
Sorry, we are shipping your new voter base home! Try getting real Americans to vote democrat instead of replacing us! @ilneigesurliege

All relevant data proves otherwise But hey, until your supporters realize they're being asked to defer their dreams for illegals, have at it
I support your blatant disregard for law and order.
Who are here ILLEGALLY. YOU left that FACT out little girl
Show me where?
Thank you, Senator! We hope to see you become a co-sponsor of the DREAM Act. DREAMers need a legislative safeguard from this administration.
Thanks, @SenGillibrand! I hope you will cosponsor the Dream Act, s 1615.
Listen to this veteran. #DREAMers do so much for this country. We must #DefendDACA #DACA
#DoYouKnowAnybody being paid to
#DefendAmericanChildren
#ForcedIntoInvoluntaryServitude
of #CriminalTrespassers in
#SanctuaryCities ?
Immigrants first, citizens last.
Employers will lose a lot of good smart people. Companies must fight for DACA
Employers will lose a lot of " cheap labor"& California employers screaming the loudest
http://karajrappel.com/posts/117- پیچ-و-رولپلاک-سنگ-نما-اپارتمان-پیچ-رلپلاک-نما-با-طناب-شهر-کرج-استان-تهران
Although I agree with you on most points, your tweets are always so generic and lack any passion. Maybe your tech person can work on that.
She learned form Pelosi model of " fool me with meaningless chatter". Only passionate when using f bomb
It's vote bank politics. Demographics are changing with the vote banks. They fear majority will be minority.
Keep on fighting Sen.Gillibrand
Ending DACA is #ABetterDeal for AMERICANS!

yeah, but they likely won't vote GOP because they are educated. Best way for them to get DACA not canceled: Say they will vote for Trump
DT has no feeling for anyone or anything but money! A terrible thing to say about any of our presidents, but true!
