
Announce your candidacy for President in 2020. Please and thank you.
EXACTLY!!!!!!!!!
This FBI director saga is now a ridiculous, hot mess. Way to go Trumpy.
#resist #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #FactsMatter #SaveDemocracy
Please, explain why you feel the need to have a special prosecutor?
Or maybe he did not realize how very deeply disturbed Trump is.
Thank you!
see what more smart women in the senate would do for the health of America !! why aren't you on the men's club gang 4 health?
Proud to be one of your constituents.
You voted no on all candidates for confirmation.Obstructionist.
I didn't vote for you, and that's what matters #notmysenator
Thank you @SenGillibrand, for being a warrior for our democracy.
Proud that you're my Senator!
Hey hey hey!! I think MY fabulous senator @KamalaHarris is on board too!!
Keep trying little fella. 
Thank you!
I'm sure he appreciated you trying to strong arm into doing his job to suit you.  Patty Murray makes more sense than you do.
You, @SenKamalaHarris and @MaxineWaters are my hero's!
POTUS nomination in your future!!
May I please have this weeks winning lottery numbers because your foresight and accuracy is awesome 
Proof and evidence?
Keep up the good work! I loved see you on Cspan delivering & questioning!! Thank you! Glad I voted Gillibrand.
Special Prosecutors r for criminal cases.Only one who has committed crimes is Hillary Clinton. Special prosecutor for her?
Read the Constitution and learn. Shameful that you do not know this information. Another point for term limits.
7 Jaw-Dropping Revelations From Hearings on the Motion to Dismiss the DNC Fraud Lawsuit
 https://counterpropa.com/7-jaw-dropping-revelations-hearings-motion-dismiss-dnc-fraud-lawsuit/ … via @CounterPropa
Nice summary
You are smarter than most of the senators, please use your voice. We ARE listening.
#Integrity #truth
good job!
I am proud you are my Senator Kristen Gillibrand! You make upstate New York proud!
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C_q03hlXoAAPpxS.jpg …
It sucks so bad that you have massive ties to Goldman Sachs cause you have the stuff to be a good president
I appreciate the conviction of your votes. Thank you.
Meanwhile she's fine with Uber not being allowed to operate in New York. Do you appreciate that conviction also?
Vote? Which Senator?
You're an embarrassment.
And if i could i would vote for YOU Senator! #SpecialProsecutor #Trumprussia
I guess he thought he could clean things up on his own
Thank you!
Doesn't there need to be a crime to prosecute? Kind of a prerequisite... there's no evidence of a crime
Thank you Senator.
you voted against Rosenstein, cause he was nominated by Trump.. and for no other reason, stop with your bullshit and be honest at least
I wonder if he took the "oath of loyalty" to Trump & if the new Director will be required to do this before getting nominated.
Wish Lil @marcorubio were half "the man" you are.
A politician with a backbone.  Thank you!
A Woman Standing Up for her principles
You ALWAYS do the right thing. Thx for that.
I think.  Maybe the best, quickest path is a special bipartisan committee?
Thank you. You are my Senator and I appreciate your work for us every day.
Thank you Senator  Good for you and thank you for being our voice.
His willingness to accept the job was de facto reason to question his character.
Sally Yates for independent prosecutor.
Thank you for your patriotism!

You vote no against everything hedging your bets. You're wasting your time. DNC will run Booker in 2020.
Has to handled NOW
Thank you! Keep persisting.
Run for President in 2020.
Senator you did the right thing because you have insight. You are a blessing to our already great nation. Happy mothers day
rewarding retweet
Please run in 2020.
You're AWESOME for that and many other reasons! Thank you!
Prescient
That might be looking better to him now!
2020? plz?
Thank you for your ethical behavior! Much needed.
and I thank you for that!
What a bunch of liberal dribble. You dont appoint a prosecutor until you have proof wrong doing. Still America innocent until PROVEN guilty
Thank you for your unwavering leadership.
Thank you!
I think he'll still refuse. Another one that is #Compromised.
Thank you Senator Gillibrand.
Can you please get involved in the Presidential race in 2020, even as just a VP candidate? The Dems need leaders with balls and you are it.
2020?
So you get a big "I told you so".  What are you going to do.
Too many kool-aide drinking snowflakes
That's why I never would or want to vote for you
You are quietly becoming the best and most consistent senator. Keep going!
president has the right ro fire FBI director
As your constituent, I thank you!
How about independent special prosecutor be assigned to Clinton espionage violations, or Benghazi, or Fast & Furious, or Clinton foundation
There were only two whose resignation Trump didn't accept. The other is Dana Boente. 
Good for you. Now instead of telling us how smart you are, DO SOMETHING!
You're one of the very best, Kirsten.  We greatly appreciate you.
Please put pressure on Rod Rosenstein to now a appoint a special prosecutor!

Please RT!
Thank you. @KamalaHarris too. And where was Mr Perfect @SenSanders? He's why we're in this mess 
You, rocking as usual from a constituent in 10019!

Excellent judgment.  It's not too late, he should name one tomorrow.
Ask rosenstein if he had to take a loyalty oath during his meeting with trump
Thank you
You are an American hero with integrity still intact... I salute you.
Thank you, Senator

I worry about Sessions and Rosenstein!!! 
Thank you, Kirsten. One of the many reasons I support you. Stay strong! #TheResistance
Democrats should have been listening to you!!!
You rock, sis.  You need to run in 2020.  I'll work my butt off for you!
Need to find out if Sessions is messing with Manafort'sinvestigation-won't confirm he is recused #ThumbonTheScale #TrumpRussia #MarchForTru
Thank you for fighting for all of us! #trumprussia
The question of partisanship will not disappear.Clapper&Yates said b4 a committee that there was not USSR collusion.They're obamaites.
You are the American Hero we deserve.
This is my senator y'all! #INY
Unless Rosenstein appoints a special prosecutor he will have no credibility. And with that have to resign.
Hold your head high, Kirsten
Thank you! We need more senators like you!
You are true to yourself; you knew what Rod Rosenstein was; and voted against his nomination. #Trumprussia
You make us proud!
Speaking of a special prosecutor...
Gillibrand for President!!
You're a leader.
Thank you for speaking up.
This is not integrity, this is obstruction of the most ridiculous kind. We don't need a special pros. that would drag on 4 years. Go 2 work
Would like to hear more from your Senator Gillibrand. What are your thoughts of Donnie and Russia investigation.  What committes are you on?
I admire your integrity and I'm proud and grateful to be your constituent.
NY's 22nd district is up for adoption bcuz Rep.Claudia Tenney won't hold a town hall.Will you schedule one or should we seek another?
You must run for President. Please!
@SenGillibrand Please do follow-up on #PaulManafort. As it relates to the #Russia #Investigation and #AGSession. Please look into that. Thx.
Thank you Senator. -A constituent
Good. This absolutely, 100%, should be done. I am disgusted by @SenateMajLdr McConnell.
TIME TO IMPEACH - obstruction of justice in Comey firing. NO OTHER PATH. Please begin. All Dems NOW!
Please do something about this @POTUS!
@SenGillibrand Who can / will begin impeachment for obstruction of justice? All Dems NOW!
Thank you Senator Gillibrand for standing strong AGAINST this most corrupt GOP
@SenGillibrand When will the impeachment proceedings begin for "obstruction of justice" in Comey firing? NOW OR NEVER!
Thank you!
Thank you!
That's because you're awesome.  Keep doing what you're doing Senator.
And you were right. He threatened to resign over the memo on Comey, but did not have the dignity to actually resign.
Kirsten For Pres
Thank you Senator! You're a patriot
Thank you! His non-committal responses left too much to chance. Let's keep up pressure for an independent #specialprosecutor. GOP: step up!
Thank you!
And you didn't think Rosenstein 'a ability to write op eds for the president wasn't an asset?
I'm sure you've been told this before. Please, consider running for President. This Californian will work very hard to help you!
How does it feel Ms Gillibrand?
Can this be true? Could Lavrov be on the intercept with Flynn and Kislyak? Clapper's testimony is stunning #Trumprussia #ImpeachTrump
Its stunning that Sen Corny & others still don't get it or what unmasking is!
And that is but one reason we will someday (hopefully soon) call you Madame President.
Thank you for your continued support of the people!
Thank you Senator!
Because you are such an intellect, perhaps you or one of your worshippers could tell me what crime candidate Trump committed
Yes you did and I'm proud you're my senator
You are voting 100% for justice and to save country from authoritarian Trump!
Please don't propose Merrick Garland. Don't want him to lose his judicial seal.
Well goody for you!
Thank you, you're appreciated.
Yes! Very much so!
Good for you. Too bad there aren't many left with the integrity needed today.
Count them:
Booker
Blumenthal
Cortez
Gillibrand
Harris
Warren

https://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=115&session=1&vote=00113 …
And St. Bernard (Ind.) voted to confirm, btw.
Thanks for correction. I was just looking at Dems. 
Kudos!
Thank you.  I wish more were like you, Senator.
Thank you
You are the only one in Congress who has had balls through every vote. 
Thank you!
.@SenBlumenthal (I think) said a special prosecutor would put the investigation back at square 1 & independent investigation is needed.
Thank you Madam (future) President
It's comforting to know that some Senators remain awake during hearings. Burr seems to suffer from sleep apnea. 
LOL 
Hang this Russia investigation around the necks of the Republicans. All Republicans must go...even the good ones.
I am grateful for your principled stand. Thank you.
That turned out to be a very smart move
Thank you @SenGillibrand
Thank you Senator! You seem to be the True Patriot in all of this mess.
Keep fighting the good fight senator. Do you think you can show some on the other side of the aisle what integrity is?
Great. So now what?
I swear you are a goddess
And that's why I'm proud you're my senator!  Thank you!
You are our saving grace. Thank you Senator
@PoliticusSarah 94-6
Did the 'special prosecutor' powers in fact expire in 1999, as PBS Newshour reports? Cc: @SenKamalaHarris http://www.pbs.org/newshour/updates/special-prosecutor-democrats-want-no-longer-exists/ …
Thank you for continuing to be such a strong voice for #TheResistance !
Because after a year of CIA, NSA, FBI investigating this, somehow a special prosecutor will find something.
For a somewhat more sympathetic take on a good man on a tough spot, see my Tuesday night thread:
THREAD: The key player here is Deputy Attorney General (DAG) Rosenstein. I spent 5 yrs in the DAG’s office under Obama. Please indulge me.
Everyone hopes you're right. But good people sometimes don't do the right thing. Call please & tell him we need an ISP, then resign.
Your conviction has been admirable. We've noticed. Please keep going!
Thank you for making  First. #Patriots where are you?
Or just because he had a R by his name
Thank you!
Thank you Kirsten! Proud you're our senator. Keep it up!
Thank you, senator!
So proud to call you my senator. Thank you, as always, for all you do to preserve our republic.
Thank you.
No problem with ur no vote for Rosenstein. I no voted for you for refusal to commit to supporting ur Delphi retiree constituents. We r even.
#ComeyForProsecutor
Thank you!!!
