Then solve the problem...oh that's right, you just object, with no real solutions.
She is one of the obstruction people , like I'm deplorable
We know your vote for DACA is there if ever McConnell allows a vote on the bill.
She'll vote for whatever her master Chuck Schumer tells her to vote for. She was gifted Hillary's seat to do just that. 
She has no opinion.
2.8 million votes is a gift indeed - almost doubling the GOP candidate - for now a  yes vote on DreamAct is what counts
If you can explain why this is so important to you more than the well-being of current citizens such as I who pay tons in taxes?
Those young adults are adding to our national GDP. We are about + not - investments. They are not costing us taxpayers.
Notice how the great Senator & liberal minions are silent when it comes to facts & fairness to hardworking citizens. 
Pathetic.
Im a C for Constitution not a minion 90 % DACA youth employed and pay fica but can't get social security.
And Jim Crow.
so why are you not sponsori g legislation?
Thanks for standing up. You voice it heard all over the world
Taking the guns away from the a.d.a 's might help.
Does any one know how many dreamers commit crimes  maybe an ex  d.a .
Then pass a Bill the ball is in your court
No but revamping will make it LEGAL and promote contributing to the well being for all in US
neither has anything you have done. i will admit saying "fuck" a bunch of times was your best idea. cant believe your still around.
I live in NYC. When was the last time you "lived" or visited our communities? I've never even heard of you coming for a visit.
No, but moving to Dacia might (have);  here they come with their tambourines and lean mean machines!
But it will give hateful, racist Rs a place to add a rider to finance their disgusting wall. Please don't let that happen either.
Neither will platitudes. What's your plan of action to let them stay?
Do NOT allow.@realDonaldTrump to use this to bargain in #TrumpRussia or funding stupid wall. #TheResistance will stand stronger than ever
If you stop giving away free stuff, they will stop comming. Simple solution.
And Iran breaking Obama's pinkie promise won't make our communities safer either...
https://twitter.com/real_jamielshaw/status/897559677537579009 …
#EndDACA #AmericanDreamersFirst #AmericanKidsHaveDreamsToo #AmericaFirst #MAGA #EnforceOurLaws #ccot #tcot #pjnet
How do you #DefendDACA against this? http://insider.foxnews.com/2017/04/23/illegal-immigrant-killed-boy-whose-father-spoke-out-against-sanctuary-cities …
Are you going to elaborate on why it won't or is this just virtue signaling?
and you know this because? we have millions of illegal immigrants in this country, they broke our law to get here, fix the problem!
wrong again Senator
DACA opponents argue: American Dream is zero sum game; what you get is not available to me.But productive Dreamers make life better for all.
Think.
In fact this will give white supremacists & neo-nazis more power. #ImpeachTrump
it was an illegal temporary suspension of following the law - it ends on its own
Please do something.
There is proof it does the opposite.
Safer? Not for these Americans. http://www.fairus.org/issue/examples-of-serious-crimes-by-illegal-aliens …
Nor will violating law, rewarding criminals, importing potential terror threats, or doubling national debt.
Tell that to our idiot in chief!
Kirsten, 95% have jobs or in school! 54% bought their first car! It is 2 things- End all Obama's work  2. Take focus off Russia
So get to work Kirsten
You need do a bill creating same protections
We must move against this action immediately.
Actually it might by freeing up jobs for citizens, decreasing drain on social services and increased opportunities for legal immigrants!
Really @SenGillibrand  why haven't you all been working on something since Obama started DACA. what he did was unconstitutional. It was doom
Fox News and #AlexJones told them illegal immigrants are bad people. Guarantee polls show Americans hate illegal immigration.
Illegals need to leave.
It's not ending daca, it's enforcing law. If you don't like it, do something about it. Pass a law. That's how the gov works.
Sucks when your parents screw you over. Obey our laws!
Wrong. These people can persue their dreams in their homelands as citizens instead of being in legal limbo. Praise Lord Trump.
If you want more of these people give them more free stuff and more will come here the more people come the more vote for the free stuff
What about children born here? Don't they matter? Chicago kids dying. What is your platform? "I hate Trump"?
I hope you'll vote to keep it. Either that or pass legislation to tear down the Statue of Liberty.
Agreed! In fact it will weaken our economy by taking 800,000 productive citizens out and destroy familial units. It is a racist move!!
Sadly that's not the reason he's doing it. #TrumpTheRacist
But I thought he was a Russian agent?
But it will enforce the law.
It will strengthen the nation--today you have millions who have complete contempt for the coasts--that must change if we want a future
What will you do? Time to stand up!
They don't care! When will the Democrats lead us out into the streets to remove this immoral and illegitimate regime?
The illegal president was the one before him.
Agreed Rule or law important? Not political whim? Sheriff Joe?
It will destroy our communities, undermine our credibility as a nation and make our workforces weaker! @realDonaldTrump = idiot!!
PLEASE run for President in 2020! WE LOVE YOU
What specifically did she do that you "love"?
She flip flipped on her positions to get Hillary's seat and has done nothing of note.
Forcing congress to legislate strong, fair, humanitarian immigration laws will create a safer country, better economy.  Get to work ! #DACA
Little less pablum, please, and a little more action.
why don't you the job you should of have done  and pass immigration reform? or would you rather the president wrote all the laws????
Why is the justice department making this policy decision. Congress needs to protect DACA
Of course not! It's just another exercise in undoing anything Obama did. It's racist fueled motivation. No more no less.
Personally, I find Trump to be more detrimental to my well being
You said same thing about other non-DACA illegal immigrants. You said it about rid ding us of MS-13 gang members. You're not working for us.
So instead of an executive order how about setting integration policy.  Get off the bench or get out of the game senator
#MAGAneedsDACA
Please #DefendACA !!!!!!!
Do your job.   Fix the problem in Congress.  Politicians just want to blame and never correct .... Start voting our politicians out
So do something about it!!
Please help legal immigration applicants first, not illegal ones.
Prove that it won't. One shred. Seriously.
Go further: Moving to end DACA will make our communities less safe and our economy weaker.
Oh it won't huh? More people is what we need? Is that right, is that your theory of life, more the merrier? See what more does!
The great news is now you can help pass a real law to protect #Daca! We're here behind you, Senator!
We need to be behind McConnell he decides what gets voted on.
