BUT, should an employer be responsible to pay for that choice if they don't agree? That's 1 reason to get employers out of insurance biz..
IF employers are providing health ins, then they should not judge what to cover. Guess we need govt option?
Agree on a gov't option.

My libertarian side isn't a fan of gov't telling a private biz what benefits they need to offer their employees.
Just don't want one boss banning antibiotics, next one vaccines, next transplants, surgeries, etc. Why not?
Why not? B/C health insurance is part of the benefit pkg meant to attract & retain employees. Nothing more, nothing less.  1/2
If employee offers a lesser benefit pkg, they won't keep good employees.  Thus, free market dictate benefit pkg - not forced by gov't.
Do you think it is ok for employers to use benefits for hiring discrimination?
Give me an example how this would be done 1/
Senator, a few women & I were discussing another very real problem for women: Drs who refuse to sterilize unmarried women with no children
In NC it is actually illegal unless there is long record of medical issue that have failed all other options. Another reason we moved.
They also require a spouse to consent to vasectomy/tubal/hysterectomy and they make you wait a year to divorce - no exceptions - not even 1/
Awful
Amen! Why is it so hard to understand that women should be able to make their own healthcare decisions? Men can.
The decision is still the woman’s, only now she have to pay out of pocket. I don’t see the big issue here. This is blown out of proportion
You should talk about how aluminum deordrent cause breast cancer but you don't
Amazing that a woman's body is more regulated in the USA than guns.
That's the dumbest tweet of the day. Way to go!
Wake up
 The same people that want to cripple #healthcare degrade #education strip #netneutrality rules, deregulate oil+coal, have been implicated in #paradisepapers + #panamapapers + treason,…
Agreed
THN GET FKG GOVERNMENT THE HELL OUT OF HEALTH CARE &H-INSURANCE AS IS W/ ACA,SHTHD POLS!!GET OUT!! GO FREE MKT COMPETITION! PUSH 4US @POTUS
So you are for woman’s rights but take money from Harvey Weinstein? When will you publicly condemn his actions and disavow and give back $$?
And bought on your own. Liberals need to stop asking for free shit.
Pay for it yourself
Oh, yes, yes, and yes!   Yaasssss!
And not paid for by fellow taxpayers.
And I suppose all of those potential humans being aborted are thrown in under the guise of your health care! Give me a break Kirsten!
Amen
Dad should have a say, as embryo is part of his body as well.
Absolutely!  Who pays for it is an entirely different conversation!
Oh and its not your employer's job to make sure you use protection, agree with @realDonaldTrump 100%
It’s not just about preventing pregnancy.BC is used to treat many serious medical issues, like endometriosis, PID and many others.
Many of those conditions are related to sexually transmitted diseases btw... defeats the purpose of this argument.
There is ZERO correlation between PID, endometriosis, ovarian cysts, etc & STD’s

u can also get it w/ut having an STI. Normal bacteria can travel into a woman's reproductive organs and can cause PID.
Define... Health care...
2FACE JERK HYPOCRITE ALL THE TIME: GILLIBRAND
Uterus's have more regulations than assault weapons!! Thank you Senator #Gillibrand! & proud you represent me (and my Upstate NY community)!
And no one else should have to pay for it.  Agreed?
That is not on question. The question is who pays for it.
Really?  The Individual Rights must be “paid for” by all.
BC does not cure an illness. It does not prevent one. Have sex. Enjoy. Do it on your own dime. - healthcare is a human right. BC is your biz
You need to enact that as a law, and make it repealable only by a super majority, since the GOP loves voting out any progress
well, the pre-born child should be consulted
that is absolutely right. lets find a smart way to oppose republicans on this, so that they can't cunningly hide behind religion any more.
No. By every woman for herself. Doctor helps her enact, not decide.
A woman's #healthcare decisions should be made BY HER, w/advice from qualified medical personnel. It is not a joint decision.

Dr. - Patient privilege
To have your boss get to decide is tantamount to slavery--as if they own you
This is why we need Universal Healthcare and take it out of the hands of employers. #HandsOffMyBC
Agree
Agreed.
Sometimes I wonder why we have doctors. The pharmacists, cashiers, and the churches seem to know what we need.
#HandsOffMyBC #HandmaidsTale @VP #FauxChrisitanValues
Trump & .@GOP Congress' attack children & women's healthcare by sabotaging CHIP, PP, ACA, Medicaid, Medicare. All for #TaxCuts4Rich. FAIL
.@GOP contortions very telling. @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr, #DoYourJob! Go to Regular Order! STOP sabotaging Medicaid, Medicare, ACA, CHIP!
Clinician...
https://twitter.com/glendabas/status/916655368612274176 …
Well are you ladies happy who shouted Trump Trump trump. So now you can pay for your own birth control. They'll be lots more to come
That statement has nothing to do with lifting the mandate that clearly interferes with separation of church and state. Employed by a Christian based company? Then as a woman who wants choice, run. Run far as you can to a new job.
You need to retire ...
Religion is the worst thing that ever happened to the human species.

I vote in NY.  You are pro abortion, just say it without your fancy words.
It’s 2017 and we are still having to fight old out-of-touch white men for control of our bodies.
I marched for control of our bodies in the 70's, 80's & even 90's. I thought we were done. Sadly I was wrong. #HandsOffMyBC #TrumpRussia
One of those killed in Vegas was a former Afghanistan soldier returns to US where its more dangerous than Afghanistan help us UN
Impeach Now
especially the government
Agreed, and so should the payment.
If taxpayers are paying for it,then it’s our business too abortion is murder not healthcare your no better then Ted Bundy
Agreed ...
As long as it’s using her $,not mine, all is good. Otherwise, I should have some say!!
It's a no-brainer.
Especially NOT a bunch of hypocritical white men who act pious in public.
And she should be financially responsible for those decisions.
True as long as that decision does not kill another human being or force someone else to violate their conscience

No! Ur Statement Exemplifies th Core Issue- Itz N.O.Y.B. What A Woman Chooses2 Do w/ Her Own Body. Period. How U Feel Abt It Is Irrelevant! https://twitter.com/Pmccrsp/status/916507224276656129 …
In order to escape working on important issues like global warming, poverty and the economy
When men in power don't know what to do on important issues, they decide to meddle with the lives of others
Still can. They Just need to pay for it. Elderly pay for meds, depends& ensure. I always paid for my birth control. Entitlement generation!
These companies better have a great maternity leave policy.
Ditto
Not with my money
I agree.
Agreed. Keep the government out of it
Thats right. Not between her and my buisness. Keep it to herself.
I’m so with you! So sick of the good old boys dictating what a woman needs
I'm an employer, and I don't want to make health care decisions for any of my employees.
THANK YOU!!!
Really?  Then why do we have government mandated Obamacare?
No one is deciding anything for her.  She can make all the decisions she wants when she pays for them.
And nothing changed that today.
Or between her and her nurse practitioner
On the upside, the more voters there are the worse Republicans do. #poorconsolation
Right so keep taxpayers out of their business. Don’t want to pay for their birth control
Amen Sister!
Hope u c this, what if women decided to strike? Men want play have to pay. Just saying
Do companies against birth control allow male employees Viagra in their health plans?
Thanks @IvankaTrump ! You're doing great.
You owe it to women to name the Senators that #FatShamed you. You took $10K from #HarveyWeinstein, be inspired by these women & #ComeForward
Absolutely - not insurance or the government.  BHO has it that the government was telling everyone what to do. Trump is changing that.
Actually, if she has an involved male partner, he is also affected,& should object as strongly as any woman.
Unless there is another person in the room, the unborn child, then it’s a life that must be nurtured, not destroyed.
Birth control PREVENTS pregnancy, it doesn’t end one.
I know tks. I’m just sayin that once a child is conceived, it’s a life to be protected and no longer a woman’s choice. Protect the unborn
They'll say that there not interfering w/ those decisions. They're just not going to pay for it. How bout Viagra ™?
#SinglePayer NOW!
then why did you support ObamaCare it does not allow for
So she takes birth control and it interferes with her employers freedom of religion???  Get real
Ya the father had no say or anything on having a baby !! Regulate abortions!!  @realDonaldTrump
AAAAABBSOLUTELY!!!
We don't care what your decisions are. We just don't want to pay for people's healthcare that we don't even know.
Sell that to the other white women who voted for Trump n GOP
Preach, sista
Just remember 53% of females voted for Trump.
What man has a right to tell me what to do with my health care.  This is disgusting
But senator, who knows more about women’s needs than a bunch of old white Republican men?  Shame on this country
Having sex isn't "healthcare" or a right, it's a choice. Abstinence is 100% effective and doesn't cost taxpayers a dime.
Seatbelts are only effective if you wear them all the time. This is why abstinence doesn't work. Take a statistics class and shut up.
I did, last semester as a matter of fact and got an A-. What's your next foolish comment? Don't get in a car - you won't need a seatbelt
Tell that to the funding #bottomline  #inanidealworld #makeAmericaUnitedOnceand4All
There should be no more discussion
@SenatorIsakson please talk to your colleagues with ovaries. For the love of God.
Thank you for fighting for access to affordable birth control. Those denying us this right seek to deny us our independence.
What happened to HIPPA!
Absolutely
If you like your health plan you can keep it if you like your doctor keep him use the 2500$ Obama said we would all save
If u couldn't keep ur plan, it wasn't good enuf. Doctor? not in the network you chose, and we did save it until the repubs got into the WH.
Keep drinking that cool aid reality is the Aca was designed to fail
But in this MAN'S world; we men are LEADERS you see, and maintaining leadership requires CONTROL & we atavistic males control AT ALL COSTS.
Time to end employer controlled healthcare. #MedicareForAll
Let's outlaw viagra.  Watch Mitch McConnell cry.
That's the truth

Kristen Gillibrand, A woman's health care decisions IS STILL between her and her doctor. Don't you know? At least you didn't drop the F-BOMB
Maybe Viagra should be outlawed. That might get through.
Finally you said something that makes sense.
Birth control pills are hormones, which are medications. Hey are my just used for birth control but rather for medical reasons.
A child’s t-Shirt saying
By that philosophy the decisions between gun owners and guns should only be with gun owners. Way to simplify a complicated topic into
There is a shameful practice with insurance companies trumping doctor’s regarding necessary surgery. Profit should not trump medical need.
And adherence to religion should be between the believer and their God, no one else. You can still buy whatever you want over the counter.
This is such a well intended statement,  but yet I find it so problematic that I could never agree
Maybe take away their viagra @SpeakerRyan  @realDonaldTrump
But they should pay using their own money.
#WomensNationalStrike #WomensEqualityPartyUSA
#SexStrike #lysistrata
What if the @NRA got $500M/yr. in government subsidies like @PPact ? The #SelectiveOutrage
Don't be silly. All of Congress and state legislatures, and random other uninvolved men should be telling us what to do w/our bodies. 
This is not about healthcare. It is about imposing one set of religious values on everyone.
Thank you!!
Get ur party to stand up. This is ridiculous. They're rolling back time
How is birth control any different from any other preventative health care? It prevents pregnancy. That's kind of the point.
The Peoples In inalienable rights, not given by government, should not be discussed by the government they are meant to protect us against.
I agree Kirsten.  A woman has a right to make her own healthcare decisions.  Not politicians. @RepAndyBiggsAZ @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain
Thanks
But Not On the Taxpayer Dime 
If you can't afford Birth Control 
Keep your legs crossed. 
You have no business having an abortion or Baby.
Then keep your little weenee in your pants too.
And paid for by the patient.
I don’t understand how Trump’s actions come between a woman and her doctor. Please explain this.
What health insurance do you use
I believe birth control should be mandatory.
Seriously, to go w/latest, they ought to make it a law that men have to wear condoms at women's request.
Not even the person she happens to work for?
Including the arrangements to pay for them. I am not against birth control, just mandates that say I should subsidize your lifestyle choices
It's a lifestlyle choice for a married couple to not want anymore children they cannot afford??
In a word, yes.
That depends on how open minded the doctor is
They shouldn't have to be born into a family or to a woman who cannot afford to take care of them and, or does not want them either.
Plus we’re talking about BC..has to do with unfertilized eggs and keeping them that way. Has nothing to do with slaughtering anything.
Abortion is not birth control, it is murder. Birth control prevents a pregnancy not end one!
Don't like abortions? Don't have one. Stay out of everybody else's business.
#SinglePayer NOW
Still none of your business.
Exactly. An employer should never be responsible or expected to pay for a woman's birth control. Glad you agree!!
Take responsibility for your own sex life!  Birth control is not  expensive!
It's really not....generic birth control pills are approx: $9.00 per month
And they should pay for it themselves
exactly, so me paying for your decisions is also fair to say keep it between your doctor and you
unless you are forcing govt and/or businesses to pay for it?
Viagra costs alot more than birth control pills.
Agreed! Rubberstamped when you have old white guys saying so.
Birth control isn’t abortion. Learn. To. Read. #scienceismagic
Unless society is paying for those decisions.
they still are. But insurance paying for something isn't the same as the decision every woman can make
Yes, yes, yes.  They don't understand how wrong this and other health care decisions they've made are.  We must educate the ignorant.
Yes.  Thank you @IvankaTrump ... heck of a job...
Fine with me.  Just don't make me pay for it.
I agree. That's why Trump took the employer's out of it. You should be glad.
I'm so glad you're our senator. Thank you. #NYPride
all should be between her and her doctor even the paying for it part, cause I'm getting tired of paying for it.
The red states would love this....We know what they will do....
Thank you! Please continue to fight for us. 
As long as your Doctor is allowed to practice their Oath, not patents only.
Specialists protect their turf, their procedures,drugs etc. I've talked about
all the unnecessary equipment for years-Nurses deserve a raise
Great. Pay for your own pills. Nobody is stopping them Tina.
Please save NYS from this nightmare. States rights will be the only option...
Why should #birthcontrol  be treated different than any other RX drug? Most plan formularies restrict many drugs and require copays. #WTF?
Drugs, in general, typically are not involved in moral or religious disputes. Unless you have a religious objection penicillin and such.
I have an objection to government mandates that say I have to subsidize your lifestyle choices.
Do you take Viagra?
I do not take any prescription drugs at all. So what?
@SenGillibrand thank you!
Seems ridiculous we are *still* discussing this.

But (D) are 4 govt involvement in everything in our lives but this ? How about Healthcare should be between u and ur doctor not govt?
Senator - I believe that Hillary's abortion answer cost her votes with many, many women who didn't want to vote for Trump but did.
We on the left MUST adjust our tone on this subject. We MUST admit that an abortion ONLY happens after something else that is preventable
You mean staunch pro-life Republican,male congressman who have affairs & want their GF 2 get abortions don’t get a say?
They are not pro-life. They are anti-choice!
Exactly! They’re all about individual rights & self determination until it comes to this, marriage, & sex!
as long as they pay for it, I agree.  If you want me to subsidize poor choices, go pound.
Thank you!
Nor the last one
Especially not old, white, privileged, white men who most definitely are well past any propagation possibility. GOP party of lies, not life.
dont b silly women can not b trusted 2 make their own healthcare decisions. giggle
Eye bat. Hair flip.
