.@SenSchumer keep pushing back, #filibuster, write up as many amendments as possible; #repeal = a tax break; it is NOT health care reform.
What's worse, writing a secret bill or voting for a bill that's a secret to you?
Hmmm. I don't know pass it and you'll find out what's in it. 
Least we forget @NancyPelosi 
What a joke.
There is literally no written bill. Huge difference.  They want 20 hours to debate something that might strip health coverage from millions.
strip it from the millions who cant pay for it and give it back to the millions who are being forced to pay for it... so id call that a win
So taking away health care from the working poor to give the rich and mega rich a tax cut... is a win?
The government should not be involved in health care. I don't want the govt making decisions on my treatment.
And what about the millions with pre existing conditions that need the government to make the decision that they are entitled to coverage?
The government should not be involved in health care
Deflated ~ this day will go down in history as the day @SenJohnMcCain betrayed Vets, sick, children. So sad.
Yes, but it is great day for Satan as he prepares John McCain's new home for him.
You speak out! Do your damn jobs Congress and protect the American people.
That is literally what she is doing.
Sure, right after she stood up and gave John Lucifer McCain a standing ovation when he came in to steal my family's healthcare. They suck.
And then she voted against this MTP and is on the steps of the Capitol rallying for your healthcare. What's more important to you?
Not cheering my executioners. Thanks for asking.
Exactly.
Like Obama Care. Definitely hurt my family.
Then why did you support Obamacare that was created and implemented in exactly same process?
I'm speaking out against giving a standing ovation to a man who's actively working to keep us sick and poor
Are you still attending those Obama rallies
Ppl working hard are exactly those who are being harmed
Sounds like you're talking about 8 years ago. Ironic...
Princess Kirsten you are right
we are defeated
Not for one second.
I agree. That's why I'm expecting you to filibuster the hell out of this AND support single-payer healthcare in NYS. Signed, Yr Constituent
let's sign up for single payer, we need rationing, long lines & gov't making decisions for us.  Exit the Dr's & closing hospital  O Canada
Until you get rid of the Criminal Adminstration - American is going to be torn apart bit by bit -they just voted for GENOCIDE! disgraceful
We did get rid of the Criminal Administration (Obama), and side stepped another one (Killary)!
Obamacare..... Reconciliation.... Zero republican votes!  Enough said, HYPOCRITE!
like back room deals that gave America the crap sandwich known as #Obamacare?
You're wrong...R had zero input, then again your a liberal so facts aren't necessary.
You do realize that @POTUS was your sign to get out of the back room and start openly supporting Americans & Freedom right ?
Do you mean like Obamacare? Which was a back-room deal from the start!
All democrat policies are back room deals.  Wake up
obamacare is a joke, even obama and hillary admitted it was a failure. time to get rid of it and start helping middle class america
Suggestions??????? No. Just criticism. Last year in senate
We have been speaking out for SIX MONTHS!  What good has that done us?
They haven't passed anything yet.
You're right! We should know whats in the bill before it's passed!
Besides yelling Russia n taking up space what r you doing for working middle class? Healthcare? Taxes? Subways? What exactly do u do?
Like Obamacare? "We have to pass the bill to find out what's in it!"
@SenGillibrand how can those of us from states (like NY) help fight against this deal?
As a mbr of ArmedServCmte will u support my request that NORAD explain why promo POTUS event = nada to do w/defense?
Yesterday, the @POTUS spoke to @boyscouts attending the #2017NationalJamboree about hard work, perseverance & believing in yourself. 
Are you serious kirsten, the dems make more backroom deals than most third world nations.
LIKE DEMOCRATS DID WITH OBAMA CARE WHICH IS DEAD IN THE WATER
We spoke out and spoke out before you passed the ACA, and you ignored us. So now we're ignoring you. Funny how that works, isn't it?
Yet its working families that got fucked by the ACA
Do what you can to foil their despicable act. #Resist #Persist #KillTheBill
Say No to the Backdoor Blank Check Bill. Don't let the @GOP cash out your healthcare
Not a tweet.
Please keep riding trump. What you say is so true. More people need to speak out and write him (a real letter to the president).
Dems destroyed communities 7 years ago. Let the other side fix it.
Government funded health care is just another form of waste. Anybody ever gone to county for care? Well that's what we'd all get. Top notch
But we have to pass the bill first to know what's in it.. remember that great hit. Or hey you like your Dr you can keep them...
To what avail? No one listens, obviously. They care only for their own health, wealth and well-being. Citizens are in the way of that.
Thank you and @SenSchumer for fighting for NYers and our healthcare!
We are getting SO tired...
Voters HAVE spoken out against back room deals. That's why they're getting rid of Obamacare.
Why, when it looks like you have had a lot of "backdoor" deals with a lot of guys #GillibrandLovesAnal
Remember your constituents covered by Medicaid expansion funded by ACA federal dollars. What happens to us?
What is the alternative? Without repeal ACA will fail and we will be worse off than we are now. ACA was as back-room as this is.
20 trillion in debt,  how do you plan on paying to 'rescue' Obamacare?
Won't a Senate debate keep this open  instead of the abhorrent back room deal (which both parties are guilty of)?
Thank you, senator. Filibuster by amendment.
You mean like in 2010?   Come on senator get in the game or get off the field.
What is the Democrat health plan?  Is there a website that lists the details?  Need more info!
I'm a NYer, thank you for your no vote @SenGillibrand. I'll be voting for you and those that share your stance in '17, '18 & '20
I am beyond sad. It is a deal for the 1% in exchange for the lives of people.
Right,  keep up the drumbeat for repeal of ACA, such a Dem back room deal.  Had to vote to see what was in it.
We are exhausted. Longest 6 months of our lives.
Tell us about your healthcare.  Hypocrite.
The only good thing about today is that Heller will be gone, Dems will get the House back. I may be dead from no health insurance, but hey-
What is your health plan like? How much do you pay
Good lord, what more can we do? And that's not a rhetorical question.
You are my senator, don't be alarmed by my Resistbot faxes today.
Please explain why you Dems stood up and cheered John Lucifer McCain when he came in to steal my family's healthcare. Who has our backs?
In New York state, over 6 mill on Medicaid,  Medicaid is no longer a safety net , but a lifestyle, w $20 trillion national debt.
Being poor is not a lifestyle
Many of them are not poor, are healthy young adults, they squeeze out the real needy ppl.
We do speak out and nothing comes out of it. This sucks.
Like California, this state alone has over 13 million ppl on Medicaid , one third of population , could imagine that?
Why don't you and 45 Democrats walk in that back-room and negotiate a Healthcare bill with Republicans! Obamacare experiment failed
#bot #russianbot #russkie
if you dont want a back-room deal open your mouth where it counts instead of spewing your fear and hate, figure out a plan that works!
Thank you for continuing to fight negative changes to ACA. Work to improve it, please!
@BarackObama and @NancyPelosi  were snake oil salesmen who sold the American people false promise
@DNC is perpetuating the fraud. Disgusting
If the GOP doesn't pass anything and we are left with Obamacare which DJT is actively killing, where' thw win for dems.
To appeal Obamacare is actually to help working class families, to wean healthy young  ppl off public dependencies!
Oh we're gonna speak out and everyone's gonna hear us. Tell them we're coming for them @SenGillibrand.

Remind your colleagues that we voted them in & we can vote them out
1800 NYC #Spectrumstrike techs couldn't agree w/you more. Join us against #SpectrumBad dismantling of health care & basic benefits. #local3
Please, filibuster by amendment. Dems need to do whatever it takes to stop this murderous bill.
Speaking of speaking out: you and @SenSchumer are a disgrace for trying to make it a felony to support BDS. Stay away from our 1A rights.
We are but as long as all of the GOP lives in fear of Trump, it seems pointless.
We are speaking out, but YOU can filibuster this to death
Vote-a-Rama filibuster. Vote-a-Rama filibuster. Vote-a-Rama filibuster. Vote-a-Rama filibuster.
I just received a warning message from @Twitter for identifying @senrobportman as a rapist who violently f'ed Ohio in the a$$.
Check #StandWithPP share my story
Sorry, can't afford my premiums anymore. You had your chance. Need a new direction.
I know you are working the halls Senator.  Please find those Rep who can be worked with.
it's time for a debate without the partisan politics, we know it's broke, we know @SenateMajLdr is a shady character, FIX IT!
We will not rest for a moment. The fight for healthcare is paramount to the future of our nation. #KillTheBill
Even if all repeal bills fail, how do we rectify the millions of life choices made in fear during the past 8 months? So much damage already.
