It's bad enough we're wasting all this money on these wars... now we have to pay for some one to get genital re-assignment surgery?
This is not a life saving operation... let's get all the soldiers cosmetic surgery... Botox, Brest implants, butt lifts, face lifts...
People willing to put their lives on the line for this country should have the respect of the president, who isn't apparently capable
Exactly they should just realize that they are born one sex, their DNA will always identify them as one sex, and they do not get to choose.
Buzzfeed sucks
Sen. what R U doing about healthcare? NO TRUMP CARE not then, not now, not ever! It's simple. Call Norway. Ask how they do it, then do that.
NO WALL!!! No wall no wall no wall no wall no wall no wall @CongressOrg @DNC @GOP @MaxineWaters @AGSchneiderman @SenSchumer @realDonaldTrump
Build that wall build that wall love my President
What will u think when big oil - supported in every way by ur pres. - destroys ur house & job? These wild disasters = the fault of Exxon etc
Chump cannot even look this soldier in the eyes. Shows NO respect for service members!
#FakeMedia took pix after he passed by. @POTUS more respectful of Military than past Presidents. Obama never looked & usually didn't SALUTE
...& other ways to get educational & job opportunities besides through military service. Wanting the benefits doesn't mean we can have them.
...If I don't qualify to be a surgeon, I can't be one. Same w/service men & women. And they need to work as a team, fully and completely...
...As McCain understands, only those "who (meet) the standards for military readiness and medical fitness should be permitted to serve"...
& people that put their lives on the line 4 their country shouldn't have their (Delphi) pensions stolen. Many of us are also veterans. U say
It isn't uncertain. It's a return to standard, & rejection of making our military army of individuals for political pandering
You know you never served so how do you know if understand? Your pathetic and ill do what I can do get you voted out
If you were Dem nominee, Blacks & Latinos would not vote enough, so you'd lose.  But, you would still be white after you lose so why worry?
Way to go President Trump.  We should not attach this to our military budget. No monies for  transgender surgeries.
No you should not be allowed into our military.  You wish to be a different gender, then do it on your dime not our military.
Transgressions fight 2 keep fake president @realDonaldTrump alive
Maybe Trump is worried Transgendered soldiers will try to sock straight soldiers cocks and destroy their straight lives?
...None of can do anything we want if we don't quality, in any field. There are other ways to serve one's country...
...Transgenders, by definition, need medical intervention to deal with their emotional gender disconnects...
People want to serve who have bad eyes, feet, etc, and they can't because the military needs people who don't have certain medical needs...
When do the Dems in Congress and Senate start fighting back?
Can't look him in eye can you Pres? @realDonaldTrump

Especially from one who did everything possible to avoid service. Ironic
When do you gets your opinions? You are always picking the far left side and you never accept the damaging direction you are pushing for USA
Meaning taxpayers are paying for transition surgeries.  Ah NO.  Being in the military means, combat ready NOT constant surgery recovery.
Fuck you
Remove funding distroy health care Says he supports troop Removes transgender & says make America Great

DUMP Corrupt Profeteering Trump
Senators should care about Americans not anyone else. We elected you and we remember LIARS REPEAL AND REPLACE CONGRESS ALL OF THEM
You shouldn't be letting Bernie dictate the direction of the Democrat party ... but you are.
Who Cares, they such a drop in the bucket Malcontents everywhere
It's not derailing their lives ,but their life style like the one they choose to live other than the life that was breathe in at birth
He wouldn't be doing it if there wasn't Top brass requesting it
If the owners and visitors want privacy, they need to go elsewhere.
If I were still on active duty, I would want to vomit in saluting this despicable piece of garbage!
People buying insurance through the Affordable Care Act have had a year of stress over whether they will be able to get healthcare in Jan.!
Right.  Simply serve out enlistment or commissioned time.  No new transgender.
Cruel - leave trans military hanging leave DACA ppl hanging - he's  cruel
I seriously just hate him.
Our military is not for social experimentation. It's for fighting and winning wars. Get your head in the game senator.
Ditto!
You didn't Serve you'll never know how much damage they do.  There a disgrace on multiple levels
And we shouldn't have to pay for their surgery
Anyone who puts their lives 4 our country, deserves to be respected.  Trump is pandering to the worst of us. Screw him & throw him out, soon
The ONLY question should be, can they do the job? Don't see any Drumpf kids answering the call...
Wait you want to protect vetrans?!?!? That's a first...
And taxpayers shouldn't have to pay for their stupid choices either
A decision made by a man who has multiple deferments from military service, and yet @POTUS  knows what's best? Failed...
We Taxpaying US Citizens r sick & tired of paying 4 our MILITARY being used 4 SOCIAL EXPERIMENTS & paying for Transgender SURGERIES! STOP IT
But you are okay with doing for prisoners ?
U gotta b kiddin me .....these people r gonna have to deal with the choices THEY have made. Tax payers should NOT have to pay for it.
Especially from multi-offending-draft-dodger!
Bill Clinton and Obama were in the military? Nowhere in the rule book does it say a president or nominee has to be in the military
We don't need transgenders in the military.
Transgenders lie on their induction forms checking off they are male or female, should be kicked out just for signing the form as truthful
They are insane, and the last people who should have access to firearms. Trans = INSANE ... period.
And yet they endured anyway.
If I am in the midst of a battle the last thing I'm wondering about is my partner's genitalia. I want to make sure they have my back.
How can they have anyone's back when they're too spineless to live by definition
That's hysterical! Yet the supporters claim they are fit to serve?
Certainly not from a president who was a 5 X draft dodger who was elected under questionable circumstance.
I know you wanted to say "stupidity", so I'll say it for you. "...shouldn't have to endure this STUPIDITY!" I feel better.... #VoteDems
Nor should all the other dreamers.
Folks who put their lives on the line in the military shouldn't have to deal with bigotry & attacks from a guy who lied about bone spurs!
So my epileptic son can now join the AF? It was his life long dream but they said no. Rules n stuff.
#ShowYourSupport
Should have to endure Trump
@realDonaldTrump he should send his children to war in their place
Why don't you enlist Miss know-it-all
