BREAKING: White House official says Trump expected to withdraw US from Paris climate accord.
May 12 is the last tweet about creating more jobs in NY. Other than her tweet wishing H-Day to a bridge she does nothing 4 NY
Lots of tweets looking for candidates though. 
PS you also represent the men in NY also.
HOW? I get the impression you want to kill 2/3 of the world human population in order to bring back a world modern man has never seen in.
@AP If the #ParisAgreement was so good, so solid, with extraordinary vision why didn't Obama make it a treaty & vote on it?
We survived the withdrawal...
Thank you! True!
Kristin focus on your soul .....it is lost in the cess pool if democratic floundering
Really? I know it's going to make Al Gore even richer! By the way, there has not been a rise in temp or rising of the seas.
The president does not care at all about the future of his children and grandchildren. I want pure air and water for my grandchildren!!
The Paris Agreement has nothing to do with either 
He's pouting bcuz he knows his 1st trip was a disaster & none of them liked him; therefore, He's Going To Withdraw! They hurt his feelings!
Hey Donald, there's a Beatles song for you:
Cry baby, cry.  Make your mother sigh.
You're old enough to know better
So cry baby, cry
Pretty much describes @realDonaldTrump president experience to date - doesn't it.  In the face of scientific facts, completely disregard it
No consensus

Pres trump has begun to expose that the international elite swamp is even worse than the washington swamp--more expensive,more anti-American
That cus u're probably in on the #Scam
I respectfully and firmly disagree. The cause of global warming remains a speculative hypothesis.
no strategic about it he doesn't care Obama signed it  he will withdraw, all his decisions are based on Obama hate, not thought or belief
You mean your visions,dreams and failures right?
Obama was a failure of leadership in all he did. So happy Trump is @POTUS. He better withdraw from #ParisAgreement so we can #MAGA.
"A complete disaster for our future, an absolute failure of leadership and vision." <-- This pretty much sums up the whole Trump presidency.
Hopefully you can fix all this when your are President in 2020 :)
Think about the reduction in CO2 if all politicians shut up for a week
He still expects fullthroated multilateralism on terrorism. How, I have no idea.
Withdrawing from the #ParisAgreement would be a complete disaster for our future, an absolute failure of leadership and vision. https://twitter.com/AP/status/869898517824901121 …
There were many reasons why Europe opposed Bush's Iraq War but surely his withdrawal from Kyoto played a part.
That's Bullying and Bullying is wrong
This is a catastrophe. Just a complete catastrophe. I am heartbroken that my country is failing so spectacularly.
Flights leave daily
Make sure to stick your head out the side window. View is fabulous from where you sit. You'll wanna fasten that seatbelt right about...NOW!
Climate change is real. #ParisAgreement
Yes, it is, as are hate crimes. Let's work together to stop all of them. #Resist #ParisAgreement #portlandstabbing
You have the freedom to research. Hopefully you will do so before making your final decision.
Kirsten, 
MIT: by 2100 world temps reduced only .02°C due 2 PRC&India nonaction! If you care about the environment support President Trump!
Why ??
He doesn't care about anyone's future except his own and how much money he and his cronies will make.
He is just a total idiot to even consider doing this.
Oh Lord. Everybody start picking up the trash you leave everywhere. All that plastic. Yeah. Start picking it up.
How about taking a good solid look at term limits.
So business as usual for the republican party then...
if u say so....
Amendment 25
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Thank you Mr President. Global elites don't care about our jobs and families..the science is corrupt
@azalben @realDonaldTrump @potus Tell that to my daughter Kristen, WHEN I can't afford food and medicine Union fam, Det MI
Get real you have no idea what the result will be #psychic #wonderwoman #politician person
#MakingAmericaPollutedAgain
An unqualufied statement.  No proof the #ParisAgreement would do anything but cost American tax payers  $ Trillions
How do you rally your peers? He is a disaster.
Reason 567 why women should never be in leadership!
I do not agree what will be the disaster that you feel,
He can't help himself - he's a dick.
Not true. Fake science
@azalben @AP if only you cares about New Yorkers as much as this silly accord.
@azalben @AP what has been a complete disaster is Upstate NY under politicians like you.
#YouShouldNotBe
#ForcingAmericansInto #InvoluntaryServitude  Of Another Countries
#ClimateChangeWelfarePayments
100 Bill 
#ClimateChangeTax
Is there any way to override #45's decision if it pulls us out of the accord?
Yes because a bunch of white guys in suits agreeing to some general idea in Paris is going to change everything. Got a bridge I'll sell ya.
This currently applies to pretty much every situation facing us domestically and internationally.
So embarrassing.
President Trump - Please keep up the great work in spite of the uninformed Liberals.
I guess President Bannon wants to leave the Paris climate deal. #PatheticTrump @realDonaldTrump
NO NO Keep the Paris Agreement and Withdraw trump from the WH
You better bring him down from the throne, or he destroy the kingdom
Thank you!
Seriously, what's this guys problem? What kind of person doesn't want to protect the environment?! #Unift #Impeach NOW #NotForAmerica at all
especially when they are just about to solve it!!
I agree Senator. Thank you. we don't want to be the third nation to leave it
Making America's future bleak.   A failure of leadership indeed.  #Parisclimateaccord #parisclimateagreement #makingAmericashabby
Why the hell doesn't Trump just withdraw from the White House?
Chicken Little Democrats.
Thank you @SenGillibrand !  This is so harmful not to just our country but to the world! Please keep fighting!
Thank you Senator Gillibrand. All of Trump's personal hatred towards others is now focused on America.
Where are ALL the other senators? They breathe too!!! Thank you for speaking up for all of us.
JOBS R created w/ progress not egress. Environment progressive fields & retraining is what makes jobs. Not abstinence from inevitable.
I am the master of disaster if didn't know
I'm a New Yorker and we're familiar with "absolute failure of leadership".
A #smartsociopath may be disliked but can be accomplished. A #simpletonsociopath like DJT only causes destruction. #NATO #climatechange #ACA
It's another example Gillibrad of how communistic you are .
Keep fighting for us
Obviously you do not have a concern for the job loss or the billions of dollars it would cost this country.
Then do something and lead! #persist
Donald Trump is destined to do what he wants.#fail
WooHoo! Great News! Removing one more plank of Socialism off of the American Taxpayer.
Trump (@POTUS) as president is s disaster from which we may never recover.
How long should we've to wait while Mr. Trump is shredding America to pieces... longer we wait the harder it 'll be to piece them back again
There is no hope that DT will find his way and become a leader. It is up to all of us to chart our course by taking positive action.
He doesnt realize, china will take over renewables. A chance for a cleaner future and america lags behind with a man married to big oil,coal
Then for heaven's sake do what you and the rest of the intelligent  need to do and stop the Trump madness. Please!!!!
What leadership? We have a fool as pres, being made the joke of PM & pres all over the world. He works for russia, big oil,and only himself
Why can he even decide this on his own? Doesn't the rest of the government have any power at all?
Due climate contract exit ealiest 2020 possible. Then he either no more POTUS or "mother nature" has solved the problem. He then is 75 ...
Thank you for saying so. Please make it not happen.
that's the problem-a boy in a man's job. Under educated in all things. Can't expect him to care.
Thank you, @SenGillibrand ! Trump is mentally unbalanced and constantly harmful to our country!  Unfit to serve!
As usual no proof just liberal talking point
Trump displays an alarming "failure of leadership and vision". Have we no hope of ridding ourselves of this fool, were doomed
Is there no way for the Senate to stop him?
He is killing the 
But all T cares about is getting attention or making money. He literally has ZERO interest in public policy or anyone else's welfare.
The bird with one wing is unable to fly. -Rumi
A lack of knowledge cannot discern. It mistakes a flash of lightening for the sun.  -Rumi
I'm glad you represent me.
Yes, but what does the Democratic leadership in the Senate and House plan to do about it? #ResistTrump
there has been no vision in this presidency. He has no understanding of his obligations to Americans, thinks only of POTUS
Every time I feel empty and hopeless, I remind myself that @SenGillibrand has consistently fought for my best interests as a New Yorker.
No. It's actually a great thing. Sorry. Elections have consequences. You lost
Thank you for fighting for us!  You continue to have my vote and support!
What's an overweight 70 year old care about the future?! Just cares about money and seeing his name in lights. trumps mentally ill.
YOU ARE THE FAILURE IN LEADERSHIP OBSTRUCTIONIST LIAR DRAIN THE SWAMP
Don't we have enough to begin articles of impeachment?
What do U have?
MAGA is a cult of evil bye bye trump not 
Why would u expect leadership & vision from a horses ass. He's always been an arrogant self serving bully boy with the silver spoon #Gaga
How do you stop him from doing this?If the majority of the American people want us2be part of this,what is his real motive? #ParisAgreement
Yes mam
nope
Boycott buying American product, this guy is a complete a-hole to all of us.
@realDonaldTrump is making  into isolationist nation, he destroys decades old alliances, pulls out of agrmts &  sides with  enemies
I'm pretty sure 'Crimes Against Humanity' and 'Abuse of Power' fit into the destruction of our planet #ParisAgreement @Impeach_D_Trump
I'm sure they would but again no proof.
America abdicating.
It's just a ploy for news, he won't pull out!!
Also proves Drumpf has diminished capacity and needs to resign.
Yup.  You've pretty much described what Trump is.
I agree
In other words, making par for Trump.
The U.S. once led the world. Now we fall behind. It is a sad day for us and future generations of Americans.
No it wont
I'm with Devon.
How do we stop this idiot? Vote in 2018! #impeachtrumpnow
Why?
Please run in the next election after he goes down in flames, whether by impeachment or resignation.
Drag them sis
so...can anything be done to stop the withdrawal?
I am hopeful that states (like California ) will pick up the slack.
NYC mayor already saying he'll do an EO for the city to follow the Paris accord
How so?
Par for this fake Admin.
He Is Going To Be Impeached Very Soon !!!
For what ?
Te question is how much of the damage he is doing, can be undone in 2020?  #Resist
…and that is what Putin paid for.
can we do anything to stop this?????
Yes - vote in more republicans and get rid of the incompetent Liberals

Exactly. Trump wants to break us. Broken people are easier to control.
Read this about the #ParisAgreement, be better informed than Trump administration. http://unfccc.int/paris_agreement/items/9485.php …
That appears to be President Putin's goal
