Democrats have pulled us back decades on many fronts.
Are you joking?? If it wasn't for the dems radio bands wouldn't have opened up do you can hold that phone tweeting that bullshit
I'm on my laptop snowflake.
Using the internet that AL GORE brought to you. Keep trying!!
Waaaaiiittt, you actually think Gore brought us the internet???  Leftists are crazy.
You think it was brought to us by AOL. Stop masturbating and study some history!!
Oh BS, just because she isn't fooled by Mattress girl like you.
Betsy should hit some frat parties and drink til she passes out.
See how it goes and report back to us.
Sec. DeVos, congrats on #ReThinkSchool We know, however, it's a smoke screen for all of the anti-education things you are doing. Like this.
DeVos family profits from for profit debt when students fail. Education doesn't meet industrial standards. There is no consumer protection.
Gee, I thought due process and the presumption of innocence was a cornerstone of our judicial process.
Ever sat on an a sexual assault/rape trial?  "Her skirt was short and her shoulders were bare" Watch, learn
Trials are appropriate.  Uni kangaroo courts are not.
What is wrong with this entire administration??
SENATOR I STILL DON'T KNOW HOW I COULD MAKE SUCH A MISTAKE !I HAD PROOF ON ALL OTHERS !NOT YOU! MUST BE TIRED!
DEPLORABLE woman
Stunning that a woman would have such an attitude.
This admin wants to take us back.
#WeWontGoBack
Why are you against due process? What investigative backgrounds do uni admins have?  Rape=horrible crime; let judicial systems handle it.
#ThankuBetsy for ensuring sexual assault AND fairness for accused will never again be swept under the rug.
dejarte estúpida mujer!
What I do not understand is women who don't take issue with this.  I understand due process..
Obama's guide was way too far the other way and made innocents guilty.  It SHOULD go.  Find middle ground and enforce.
Woke up from the night terrors from something that happened over 20 years ago. Still fighting, still hurting.
So sorry. Virtual hugs.
Who is Betsy???
First POTUS to be pro rape.
Verlasse dich dumme Frau!
@BetsyDeVosED  I cannot think of a scenario where these cruel actions are supportive of women. U are NO friend of women. Get out of my club
I want to know what she is hiding and who she is protecting. This seems so suspicious why would she do this unless it was personal!!!
I believe she is the female patsy for DJT to strike again at Obama's legacy.  Needed a woman to carry this one out bc of content.
Clueless,Privileged white woman! She needs to GO!!!!!!
Gillibrand seems to have forgotten we value due process in our country. Remember mattress girl?
Pfffffft....get your facts straight before you speak. Just cause you say it, doesn't make it so!

Still not convinced that the accused was innocent. The roll back of the protections brings us backwards.
Gillibrand believes men are not entitled to due process. Obama basically forced colleges to expel men at the mere allegation of assault.
Omg this is horrible
Impeach Trump Pence

Remove all appointees by Trump

Vote out all GOP Dem Reps sabotaging and voting for ACA Repeal
Betsy is improving things get on board.  You can't stand anything that changes from obama even if it's a woman introducing the change
Thats nuts.

What can be done to stop this stupid regime You're the elected official Please do something!Or we won't have much of our nation left to save
SENATOR I KNOW YOUR NOT INVOLVED AN ERROR ON MY PART!
Look who picked her. This is no surprise.
She's simple unqualified for this position and it's shameful how she's taken us back in time.
You are so wrong Obama's guidelines were just that. Sex crimes are crimes that should be dealt with in the legal system not by students.
Women do most sweeping.  Fact.
Vous quitte la stupide femme!
Explain why you think this. I speak as a mom of daughters & sons-both need #dueprocess.LISTEN to the speech again please #thankubetsy
Stop lying, THE RULES, were wrought with unintended consequences, especially for black men
Senator Gillibrand, your Title9 statement is a lie. Please stop lying.  Keep it up, and we'll know you're against due process.
Did you use the f word
Just read where an illegal alien sexually assualted a little girl in her NJ home at night. Why aren't you as interested in these crimes?
DeVos believes that women are inferior to men, thus rape only exists when a man says it does. Her religion is becoming policy. #theocracy
Infuriating.
Yup!
Unqualified, ideologically dangerous & appointed 4 her $$$. As a parent she scares me, as a citizen I'm offended by cronyism at its worst.
What makes college administrators qualified to investigate, prosecute and sentence a sexual assault case?
& ur team pulled us back over 35yrs when workers pensions were ripe for abuse by our gvrnmnt. They stole Delphi pensions & healthcare. Awful
Wrong she is drawing us back from the era of witch hunts.
Then get the policy put into law so sexual assault stops plaguing college campuses
Sexual assault and rape is against the law. It should also b investigated by those qualified to do such, not school administrators.
Cruella de Vos doesn't care about students, only promoting her own nazi-christian ideology.
Why do you want black men kicked out of college before a trial?
Troll - blocked
Thank you @SenGillibrand @JoeBiden for always supporting survivors. #TitleIX #DearBetsy
Just like Trump, no original ideas, just repeal President Obama's decisions. TRUMP and cabinet.....bankrupt of ideas.  SAAD.
Schools need to make the move to protect women when assaulted. Students should question policies before choosing where their money goes.
Please hurry #Mueller. We need to lose these band of traitors!
She's doing the opposite!
What’s the agenda & purpose Betsy?
Obviously, So its easier to blame black and hispanic men for raping white women.  This is a Trump administrator afterall. #betsyisabitch
She has to do something to protect Rich White Boys! That's a playing field that has never been level!
Any consideration or caring for innocent students, @SenGillibrand?
No it's called " Due Process".  Stop with the lies Kris
Is there anything we can do/pass at state level to ensure protection and law enforcement is engaged for our kids. Lets take the lead NY!
Because she is an evil beast.
DeVos obviously has never been raped. So college students being raped have to go directly to the Police & go around Universities.
What criminal investigation training do college admins have?  Crime is for the police to investigate. Be better, ginfor
Betsy and pals have obviously never been raped and told to be quiet. Get rid of her. She is damaging the Dept like every cabinet member is!!
What time was this? If you are a victim call the police.  End of story. Educational institutions are NOT the police.
Sex asslt still swept under rug but real progress being made. @BetsyDeVosED will C us bck 2 time behavior is almost nurtured
Lock her up.
That is not a fair assessment, the current policy is unfair. Be proactive and suggest positive improvements that provides justice for all.
Sweep Betsy under a rug because this is just the beginning of a downward spiral
Trump clone/clown
Investigated many rapes that came to light after the University or Jc College had swept them under the rug! It’s bad for business?
If only we could sweep her and this administration under the rug or out the door. 
1950 seems to be the target date for all the administration’s policies
Another idiot appointed by @POTUS . I hope universities and police are wiser than this dope.
Religions treat women as second class, or worse. Hardy surprizing from Devon's a hard right Xtian.
Campus administrators are not qualified to gather evidence & conduct trials. That's the job of police & the criminal justice system.
Campuses do have responsibility when happening on their property and among students
Responsibility to report; not investigate and administrate justice.
Justice is kicking a rapist out of school, and not shaming victims into silence.
Of course...if proven guilty. If charged, schools might temporarily suspend; if convicted then expelled.
Students and parents need to check with school policy before enrolling. Rape culture is currently normalized and thus the outrage with DeVos
The rape culture myth, perpetuated by a long discredited Rolling Stone article, has largely been debunked.
One article was debunked. And now, so is your argument.
Please tell us exactly how.
That's a boldface lie and you know it !
More distortion--DeVos is putting due process back where it belongs, colleges are not criminal justice agencies .
DeVoe is what Dems get for doing  very little to block her from being confirmed in the first place!
Senator-she needs to be stopped STAT.
Not a problem. We'll be kicking rapist ass on campuses until sanity is regained in DC. #MakeRapistsAfraidAgain
Can't she be fired?
Who does it help? Why even fight for it? Is some donor son in trouble? Is HER son in trouble?
WOW! have you ever heard of the right to due process. the right to a fair trial and innocent till proven guilty? guess not.
She is doing nothing of the sort, and if you were not full of misandry you would know it.  She is ending the kangaroo courts, nothing else.
All on campus  have now been put in greater danger. Perhaps  protecting big donor fraternities  &  sports programs ? !!
I hope when someone you know is sexually assaulted and the perpetrator is not convicted you can explain this decision
Problem is unis can't convict only courts can
I  WOULD  NOT  BELIEVE   SEN GILLIBRAND ONE MINUTES   SHE IS FABRICATING  EVIDENCE
Unthinkable! What is this world coming to?
The Pervident is okay with sexual assault remember
Maybe she's really a man? 
Her religion believes men are superior & should be leaders of women.
I dunno about all that, xactly; but she's a damn sure retro-twerp w/nothing to offer. Dominionist Amway android.
senator, you and your fellow dems have already sent America backwards farther then you think, MAGA
*Than*
This will change when a daughter of a republican lawmaker is assaulted.
Yes it will OR only those kids will be protected.
In Spanish there is this: hija de puta-to quote @POTUS. #StopBetsy @BetsyDeVosED
Well taking America back to the 1850s is a consistent theme of the #SwampCabinet #MAGA #DoSomethingGOP #TakeTheKnee
She's got to protect her kind.
SENATOR WE SHOULD MAKE EFFORTS IN EXPOSING THOSE THAT ARE LIKELY TO COMMIT A CRIME LIKE SEXUAL ASSUALT!!!
Yes!  Punish future criminals!
In the 70’s it was impossible to get assaulters booted from campus. We had to see them mock us everyday and live in fear. Thanks Betsy.
The pendulum swung too far the other way. 100 active lawsuits against universities for violation of due process.
You're such a liar. 
Dump @BetsyDeVosED out with the rest of the Trump cabinet trash!!!
This admi is pulling us back decades. Keep fighting for us!

#TrumpRussia - Here's the WHOLE story
Let's make it VIRAL

Make no mistake...We are at war - #TheResistance…
