Trump to discontinue Obama policy of voluntarily releasing White House visitor logs http://wapo.st/2pfrNRU 
It is OUR HOUSE! We don't "deserve" 2 see guest list;We DEMAND to see guest list. tRump is working 4 US. NOT other way around. How dare him!
Trump has discontinued the tradition of having a president that reads.
There is certainly a government transparency issue.
I agree! Looks like they're conducting a clandestine operation.
And Obama, most transparent admin in history, started that policy, along with opening WH to ALL Americans. Let's not forget.
Trump needs to understand, the White House is not his house.  It's owned by all of us!
Transparency my ASS?! dudes on the ULTIMATE POWER TRIP
Interesting that you were not present to vote for the bill to get rid of #CitizensUnited. Isn't that the same thing? Wake up #progressives!
Not your house donald, OUR house.
PERFECT  RT THIS ONE FOLKS!!!!
with terrorist living in this country they have to be more secure then in the past
There has always been a 'back door' to the WH. More and more were using it in the last years.  Now, it's 100%. Sad.
Why weren't you this concerned when Obama only released visitor logs with many names eliminated? Hypocritical maybe?
Yes, if obama hadnt had the visitor's log open, we wouldn't have known how frequently the Muslim Brotherhood was visiting the White House!
@washingtonpost So why are you making it complicated?
Compared to what, people having to pay to meet with leaders and using a "foundation" to funnel money #juststop
@washingtonpost  We pay the bills there. We own it and he works for us.
This is starting to become a dictatorship in the white house
So much for his promise of transparency! It's all shadows, secrets and lies! We cannot accept this! It is the People's House!
But then he approves the full exposure of people's computer usage in USA to be sold off for all to see. Give us the damn visitors book!Idiot
Where is your support for HR676?
The White House n info of who enters it belongs to the citizens of the United States of America, not #45. jwt
The White House is owned by the people.
Focus on your job, fix healthcare and simplify the tax code. Jobs will then be created.
They certainly do, so why did Obama remove them completely?
i could care less about "who" visits ... drop the "bean counters" that publish the list and save a few more bucks !
Also we pay for it. So we should be able to see it
In a perfect world yes. Unfortunately America havea Dictator in the White House and history from the 30's until now show different policies
Just like his #taxes what does he have to hide?
Maybe the Russian guests don't know English.
We need a better vetting procedure for the office of President.
@washingtonpost I missed your comments when Obama redacted names on the Logs. You were outraged then right?
If your hiding information this is how you would do it. What else is Prez Slumlord hiding? Everything that shows what a big crook he is. .
@realDonaldTrump u. Live in our WH We the ppl. demand to no who u. Let in there. Keep it up. Yr. Dys. R #. Ur. Making it easier 4 us. Thks.
Americans deserve to know who is entering THEIR White House.
Unless we aren't going to foot the bill for the White House otherwise the landlord deserves to know what's happening on their property
If we ALL speak out and demand it, they will have to do a 180° on this, as they have on all their other BS. Call your elected reps now.
Only a Slumlord would stoop to the tactics of trump. Years of practice turning off heat,water to let ppl suffer. Throwing them in the street
They should know where their $6 Billion in taxes went at Hillary's state Dept too, but you haven't pushed for that info. U get paid off?
What Obama over 150xTimes delete climinate nuts in White House or LGBT Nuts or Police killers # Forget that sen  Gillibrand keep up poor job
After all, American taxpayers own it
Not if there's something to hide they don't, am I right Donny?
We pay for this house , and we have a right to know.
It is OUR White House.. Trump is merely an unwelcomed guest.
The White House belongs to the citizens of the United States of America n info of who enters it. jwt
I'd like to restructure American companies and their money hoarding investors and CEOs. A balance between tax liabilities and reinvestment
When he's and his band of Traitors are in prison I want a job as a civilian consultant on the restructure of U.S, economic policy and ethics
Thank you, @SenGillibrand We need to get Trump out of office.  He's ruining the entire planet. @SenSchumer #BlackLivesMatter
Draining the swamp: POTUS doesn't want people to know which alligators are visiting.
It is no longer the people's house it is now the house that Donald bought
I couldn't agree more senator. It brings up so many questions as to what's been hidden and who is he sneaking into the White House
The People's House.
@washingtonpost All  administrations have to show who is on the visitor logs.  Why's this administration excempt?
Democracy is presumptively public. Presumptive secrecy with nuggets of "fact" released at leader's whim? The word for that is fascism.
not complicated. we should have known all those obama snuck in also. were you this concerned then? typical lib. SHE LOST, WE WON!
Damn straight!!
What about "The People's House " do they not understand The people make the decisionsPress across the street with a camera and smart person
@washingtonpost @WPJohnWagner Who will be brave enough to #UseThe25th?
@washingtonpost Absolutely! We'd like to know who is actually running our country!
Isnt the White House the People's house?
We The People are ultimately the landlords of the WH. I vote to start eviction procedures, we have undesirable tennants
It's irrelevant , what if some real  perpetrators meet on tarmac or inside plane cabin? ?
It is our house after all
It's our house too.    #resist
Yes, we do! Thank you for keeping up the good fight.
The GOP doesn't think so. They are complicit in this New American Dark Age. History is going to be unforgiving and unyielding inits findings
To be fair, White House accountability has been largely gone for well over a decade. That said, you are right and we need WH accountability!
Hey ask Obama ? Accountability what joke fool
It's the People's House, not one of Trump's bunkers.
The White House is "The People's House". As such the people have a right to know who our visitors are.
Much to keep secret ... when your wife and child live in another state and you are not known for your ... let's say, undying love & loyalty.
Tax returns. Independent commission to investigate #TrumpRussiaCollusion.
I'm visiting New York in June. Hopefully it will be a positive experience.
"The People's House" is how he described it to foreign leaders.
Happy Easter!
No they don't.
It is "the People's House" and "We the People" deserve to know who is visiting #POTUS
#WhiteHouseLogsAreMine
It's more important to know who is entering our country and who is here illegally! #terrorism
There is so much that should be transparent.
Same goes for the country!!!
Amen Senator! @realDonaldTrump forgot who's paying for the WH! #DontheCon #impeachtrump
Don't forget Mar-A-Largo, his golfing, extra security detail for Melania & their son in NY, e.t.c...…yada, yada...
That's entering OUR house!
Does he understand that the WH isn't his personal property? I could see him not releasing visitor logs to say his penthouse but not the WH.
He signed a bill to sell to the highest bidder our private web browsing yet won't disclose WH visitors, shameful
Thank you, hypocrisy rains supreme in this King Slumlord, he is not finished yet, he has more ugly to share.
No secret meetings with @POTUS and staff in WH!
Yes. He works there. He is a government employee. Not a king. It should not be his call to do this.
With respect Senator, please reframe. As owners of govt we the people don't "deserve", we rightfully own the data. We are "entitled" to it.
America don't care! The media does. And America don't care about the lefty MSM
America does care.  Don't be a blind follower.  The truth will set you free!
WH is not another tacky Trump franchise. It belongs to the people.
I'll agree with you on this one.
Looking forward to seeing you elected vice president in 2020 then President in 2028 #RisingStar
It shouldn't be the WH choice. Dictators use the excuse that secrets are a matter of national security.
And he claims this will save taxpayers $70,000 over 4 years. Pittance compared to his 3 million dollar weekend mar a lago.
We need to get all of this info. He's accountable to the people.
Question: Are public logs available for members of Congress, cabinet secretaries, civilian visitors to military brass, etc.?
And who Senators meet with, too.
