The #SOCIOPATH and repugs are trying to cut taxes. Single payer would RAISE taxes quite a bit.
They simply can combine social security and Medicare,get rid of the cap,and bam! It's a done deal.Medicade could even be included.
I don't want my Social Security or my Medicare combined, besides I don't know that this will work. Raise cap would help SS.
YOU ARE STUPID! And plumb crazy.
Seriously?!  I have a right to keep and bear arms but the government won't give me a gun, and I wouldn't ask them to. Does your brain work?!
Just raise the minimum wage to $200:hr and everyone can afford healthcare
No, the Government doesn't manage anything well, why put them in charge of a person's health?
That's only when the corporations influence it!
Don't touch the preventive screenings. It's important to have them.
Who is going to pay for it????


Fight to lower the cost of healthcare, not how to pay the bill.
If you want Medicare for all. Medicare pays 80% and patient responsible for 20%. Supplemental insurance is needed.
Until Sept 30, can we just #SaveACA ? Then #MedicareForAll all the way.
We've lost so much by not having healthcare for all. Billions in unpd ER visits  -> hosps closed down.  Ppl sick or dead-> lost productivity
NO! You forced the ACA down our throats, it has failed. Now you want purely socialized insurance/healthcare! Hell No!
No way! $20 trillion in debt now, get our house in order first.
Medicare is part is Social Security, which we paid into for years, now you want to "give" it to all?  Who elected you?
I'm running in NY11. Support us with some follows. We need that congressional seat to pass the Medicare For All bill!
HELL NO!
Have always liked & respected u. Disappointed u r w/ Bernie who screwed Hillary & handed election 2 trump. Can no longer support u
Do not support u. U r undoing Obamacare & any chance of providing a realistic & doable fix. Just go back 2 Vermont & leave us dems alone.
Yearly part B deductible too. Medicare requires no referrals but must read booklet to see what is covered and what is not
you and the horse you rode in on
No you're crazy
@BernieSanders I'll support single-payer when a majority of Americans take care of themselves.
This makes little sense. Nice try at being pithy, though.
sky rocketing obesity and diabetes contribute to huge healthcare costs.
How would it be paid for?
Increase in taxes!
That still wouldn't cover it....
us gov already spend more money on healthcare than anyother singlepayer nation. A house committee study claims that singlepayer is cheaper
How about a link to a source. I've never heard of any such study, not a reputable one & Google doesn't find one either.
Better idea. Try it in ur own state and leave the rest of the country alone.  Even Crazifornia couldn't pass it due to outrageous costs.
Any comment on giving hate a platform ?
No thanks! We see how well the government runs the VA! Most of you Senators couldn't bust out a wet paper bag. No to single payer !!
That's a losing position, even Pelosi is not supporting it. Yeah, the govt did such a "great" job with healthcare... 
We survived Irma but would not survive Govt run healthcare.  #Independentstrongwomen
Nope! Don't support that! Who pays for it? What's the debt ceiling up to? Does your family live within a budget? Our govt should too!
OH, just AMERICANS, eh? 
Senator Gillibrand wants "undocumented" WOMEN and CHILDREN to DIE!!! RACIST! RACIST! (Isn't that how it works?)
It should be Free!!
Medicare for all is not good health care.  It becomes scarce and the government decides what treatment you can have.  Ask Canada & Sweden
we do not approve of government controlled healthcare that makes us pick doctors from a government approved list.losing more voters
Nope you are wrong

#MedicareForCongress Let's see how you like it
Yes AND we to stop insurance co from buying whole hospital healthcare systems. It's monopoly and price fixing making premiums high by costs.
Not should be a right, it is a right. 
https://twitter.com/SSWorks/status/908038077448368128 …
Time to get your colleague @SenCortezMasto on board.
AS LONG AS U GIVE UP YOURS NOW/GET COVERD UNDR OCARE & THEN GO ON MEDICARE.  ALSO, HOW ABT WORKING MORE THAN 4 DAYS A MONTH? @SenateDems
This has always been about corruption, not health care. Corrupt Dems feeling the pressure from the TRUTH Bernie brings. Thx Bernie!
How? You can't even run the VA & you want to run Healthcare for all? NO Government to corrupt! You don't even have ACA
So proud of MY Senator standing next to @SenSanders fighting for healthcare for all!
Comrades in arms .............communists!
This is an obvious choice. Ours is the only non 3rd world country that doesn't offer their citizens health care. Time to make it happen!
I'll support you in Medicare for All and for #Gillibrand2020 
Have you made it clear to all that this would give Medicare to all illegals living in America or did you forget to mention it?
I do not want government making my healthcare decisions!!!  Follow & support President Trump's agenda.
What agenda?
@BernieSanders Lifestyle diseases are on the rise with no plateau in  sight. We can't commit to paying for bad decisions
Thank you - from Syracuse, NY
Same here.
You go girl!!!
thank you so much.
I'm hoping you will take steps to define how such a massive shift is paid for, and whether there are steps to keep reducing fee for service
Question: Why do Dems suddenly need Bernie to lead?! Wtf!? I thought medicare for all was already a democratic issue!!
As soon as you explain how it gets paid for!  Confiscation of Wealth does not help anyone!
So as a citizen, you don't think I should have the freedom to make my own choices for healthcare options? This is sickening
Socialism is not the answer.
The military and police is socialism
Everything in Europe have what's wrong with American ?
Thank you!
Could you talk to @SenSchumer?
I called him, but he doesn't seem to be listening.
First we need to fraud proof the HC industry from the overcharging bogus charging that's milking the system that will cut a lot of the costs
I have government healthcare. There's nothing "good" about it. It's a fucking disaster.
One of the first times in recent memory I'm proud to call you my senator. Keep this up until the fight is won!
If we do we won't have any of those things so I'll pass
Sanders 2020
Where can I see how it will be paid for?
It will be paid for by having 70-80% tax on EVERYONE
No thank you.
Please encourage  @SenSchumer to join you.
You hold the same title as McCain." One vote"!

Hate this idea.  I support free mkt solutions.  Less gov't!!!   Dems have gone too far to the Left. Glad I left the Dem Party.
U furnish the coin and we will follow
I support good affordable healthcare for all but single payer has challenges
The devil is in the details!
Do you have Medicare as your insurance?  Why don't you try it for a while and see how little it really covers?
Thank you 
As long as it does not affect us who worked nec qtrsyrs to earn it and are on Medicare now. BTW, it's not that great. YOUR insur is great!
What about the Hyde Act? How will #MedicareForAll deal with #reproductivehealth @PPact ?
Thank you, Senator!
How do you intend to pay for yet another expansion of entitlements? We are broke Senator
you can afford endless wars and corporate welfare, but when it comes to healthcare for your fellow Americans, we're broke? you are shameful
It says in the constitution to have armed forces to protect our interests! Doesn't say shit about me paying for your healthcare!
Proving, nothing is more disgusting in #Washington than #BernieSanders, progressive Dem leader terminates Single Payer. 
Thank you Nancy.
It's not about "affordability." The idea of Medicare for All is that everyone pays into the system and your care is paid for by that money
I don't believe you actually support Medicare for All. Your wording of this tweet tells me a different story.
The ACA was all about health insurance not affordable care please try to keep up. Oh and it made it less affordable btw
Who is paying for it?  Will you and your family be under the same care?  Doubt it....
Wait, I'm confused. You want affordable healthcare but u support taking healthcare (& pensions) away from ur Delphi constituents. Explain
can you talk to @SenDuckworth and @DickDurbin
I don't see @SenDuckworth or @DickDurbin on here YET. 
Medicare for "citizens"
@SenDeanHeller you would do well to join, too!
IT SHOULD BE WELL REGULATED.  BY EVERYBODY.
Sure. 24,000 yearly increase in federal taxes. Can't opt out this one. 50percent not paying will all have to pay the 24 g's or go to jail.
We do support it!!!!  It should never be a partisan issue.
Thank u Lucy for selling ur home to help pay for this!!
I will
I think all of congress should donate their salaries like president Trump did.  Show us your not doing this for the money
One doesn't require the other.  Obamacare was just a ruse to get single payer.  You're all just a bunch of lying con-artists
Another gov't handout.
Government shouldn't get this involved in healthcare all they did was screw it up in the first place
We need to win in 2018! Not sure that's going to do it.
Ummmmm seriously!? Over 60% of Americans WANT a Medicare 4 all system. Politicians who dont support are digging their political  grave.
I want to be on the congress health plan
Isn't late better than never?
You could be right, but I hope not. Hopefully #Senate and #Congress are getting sick of the #Zombie repeal and replace attempts.
