BREAKING: Congressional Budget Office: GOP repeal of Obama health law without replacement means 32 million more uninsured by 2026.
Even a repeal and replace with the current proposal would leave millions uninsured and push premiums up - CBO predicts it, insurers confirm
Most people choose not to have Obamacare. It is a choice! Ever think of that?!?!
Misleading statement. Most people get their insurance from their employers. ACA intended for those without access to affordable insurance.
How about we do not have government healthcare! ??? That is what I would want.
When will Ds come forward with an alternative that includes public options, Medicare for 55 and above, premium support, univ. coverage?

Called, written my NYS Senator on this, DeFrancisco told me to forget it. His donor owners won't allow it
BDS a FELONY. Well arrest me for not supporting the apartheid government of Israel. You, Schumer, Cuomo should  b ashamed. 1st Amendment.
Fuck you & your fake resistance to hell, you're an enemy of civil liberties, sponsoring totalitarian anti-speech law
Woah do you eat with that mouth  shame shame
She wants to fine me $1,000,000 and send me to jail for 20 years, I'll say what I like. She is a disgrace.
See ya in 20. Bye Felicia.
"Never have I seen so many people  try to hurt so many people in need "- Michael John McCann
so what is your idea for this failing plan, wait u have none, another twit politician who only the devil knows how she "earned" her office
@RepMaloney & I are fighting for the #ACA together
This is also a terrible ideas- be better than this political pandering cowardice.
What a crock.
Thank you for standing up for us Senator!!!!!
Passing the failed ACA in 2010 very arrogant of the dems and harmful to the people of America It must be repealed
Not harmful to the millions who are still alive & well. #ThanksObama!
Wow way to lower the bar! So we should be grateful to Obama because we survived ?  thank goodness we have no more help from Obama
Your voice of complaint is hollow since u have done nothing 2 fix ACA. The new bill is dead & we are left with broken ACA which u  love.
I'm hearing they are revamping the bill in secret of course, using HHS scoring, we need to keep up the pressure, raise hell! It's not over
Your support Anti Israel Boycott Bill that criminalizes people from expressing their 1st Amend Rights Can lead to the old days Palmer Raids
How do 10 million more people lose insurance than those who gained it under Obamacare? This number is entirely fictional. Fake estimate.
This disgusting animal that millions voted for, wants to take away your health care until it hurts enough to create a win for him, period.
How about offering some solutions to the HC problem...
Obamacare is a huge hoax

Wake up! No one in middle  class or seniors can Use their insurance because Obamacare made it too high
Please stop them. Fix the #ACA and let us sleep again at night.
you really trust the CBO to get the numbers right? did they have the numbers right with how many would be on obamacare? that would be NO!
Sooo, screw the 8 million who had to pay a penalty because they can't afford YOUR OBAMACARE! Nice, don't you care about those families?
Obamacare should never have been passed. SCOTUS screwed up that one big time!! Repeal Obamacare and let the free market do its job.
@AP Obamacare was passed we deceit & lies from the president himself! You need to work together & stop being a embarrassment
Free market healhcare.  Government should never have gotten involved! Repeal. Repeal. Repeal.
@AP There is no vaccine against stupidity.
Pls help US ppl. No repeal of ACA w/o good healthcare bill 4 all! No $ 2 already wealthy ppl & corps. Stand strong 4 us.
Crazy!!!
Do the job you were elected to do. Stop being an obstructionist and work with @POTUS. Enough of the childishness. We are sick of it!
Horrific not the word like malicious abuse of power 2b allowed 2 kill 53mil people & out right get away like when Indians slaughtered by...
True. It would be taken off the tables and forgotten about on purpose. Sad that we have a president that's NOT FOR THE PEOPLE
#MakeMuellerNotFireableByTrump
You are so green with envy.
If they were forced to utilize the plans they are willing to toss aside to "win" they would care more about those covered. #ProtectOurCare
The solution:
 Insurance Lobby et alia are subservient to the  People.
The Constitution provides: the #SinglePayer Act.
#SinglePayerNow
we didn't have care to begin with- uh reality check-there are no Ins. companies in many of our states-where R U? the moon?
SENATOR THEY HAVE HAD 8 YEARS TO FIX IT OR REPLACE IT !NOW THEIR IN A HURRY!

@AP By 2026. Gives you politicians plenty of time to repeal Ocare and fix it. Or better yet get Fed govt OUT of health ins
What are you doing to help? Do you have an alternative? Ideas?
The wimpy senate and obstructing Democrats must own this. http://grandmathunder.com/2017/07/understanding-obamacare/ …
Yup
Thank you for all your hard work, Senator. At this point Trump wants to ditch Obama-care because he is afraid it will work. Then what?
So I guess we are about to witness the ongoing death spiral and collapse of #Obamacare.
Since Obamacare 7 million more ppl have insurance then before Obamacare.  So the hupla is over that?
#CBOSCORE said premiums would go down, deficits would decrease under #Obamacare. They are partisan liberal shills. #RepealObamacare #MAGA
Glad your ok with African American women & babies suffering in rural areas bc hospitals have been forced to close.
Thank you Sen Gillibrand, I'm one of your constituents and NY is very lucking to have you & Sen Schumer represent us! You both are the best!
I have AHCA. Received surgeries to remove large tumors before the AHCA insurance co cancelled me
Right On!!!  Dems you need a strategy! Not enough to complain about T. & the Repubs! What is your message!  Get in the game! 
S. Jefferson
Are you saying that repealing and having a two year period before effected to come up with solution to replace it is still not enough time?
It's already been 7 yrs the goptp can't figure it out. FFS.
Thanks to Obama, nothing could get past the Oval Office. He strangled the system. If GOP can unite (that is hard anyway), then it can go
Democratic Party need NOT participate in any action associated with repeal.
Abridged version of CBO analysis:
Dems should support single payer & negotiate drug prices. CBD oil is non-opioid pain relief for my arthritis.
Criminalizing BDS is criminalizing free speech. Shame on you

#Resistance leaders / nominal progressives @tedlieu and @SenGillibrand support bill criminalizing support for BDS https://theintercept.com/2017/07/19/u-s-lawmakers-seek-to-criminally-outlaw-support-for-boycott-campaign-against-israel/ …
You think people should get felony convictions for not supporting apartheid? Do you even care about human rights?
Except that's not what is going to happen. You know Obama care has a sunset clause for two years Pinocchio 
Horrific is a really good word, and one that does not imply milk or toast.
All of the below.......................................................................................................................
Keep Government out of the healthcare insurance business altogether. No single payer Commie care.
Government force is always a better idea.
We know this is DOA, so why is Sen McConnell is throwing his people under the bus on this one? That's not a leader.
But it wil be beautiful, better coverage and a faction of the current cost. Lol
Anxiously waiting for your plan...  please what do you suggest considering now your party has admitted #Obamacare is failing.
Republican goal lower cost and better coverage is unrealistic. Insurance is a for profit risk pool. Makes money if no one is sick.
The GOP knew that for the 6 years they voted to repeal it during Obama era
They will continue to be insured 2 years until you bring something to the table. Stop lying it's unhealthy.
That would mean less people insured than before the ACA, correct?
It's a horrendous idea that will hurt people.  Now is the time for people to stop being apathetic and get involved!!
