Keith Ellison.           Make a change. It's OK.
Thanks for standing up & for encouraging others to do the same. Amazing the fragility of society when we are silent. #resist
Can’t understand why Dems don’t hold DAILY press conferences denouncing Trump EOs & standing up for environment, morality.
And KIRSTEN YOU MUST LISTEN TO US THE PEOPLE!THIS IS THE RESON SO MANY WALK AWAY . WE ARE NOT BEING HEARD. GO TO WATERTOWN
If nothing else is motivating Senators, think of 2018. We the People won't forget.
: "I have never been more optimistic about the future of the world..." -http://bit.ly/2lnJols 
leave trump alone,
Please no scotus vote without investigation and taxes
Can you represent SC? @SenatorTimScott and @LindseyGrahamSC are a disgrace. They are jokes here in SC.
No no, we need her in Louisiana. Our two Senators are Trump puppets.
Civil war is going to break out over who we want running our country 
Thank you Senator for urging us to stand up to hatred & .bigotry. Please don't give up on a run for 2020. We need you Bigly
Thank you for the most NO votes!!
The people Did stand up to be heard and we elected a president that represents everyday citizens who have been forgotten.
Open your eyes, Paulie: 45 has serious mental disorders and he represents only himself.
My eyes are open. I see a country that was being dragged down by left wing ideology that doesn't represent me
You are conflating your political views with a sick man who could not care less about you or your values.
You are being manipulated by distorted media. He wants to do good for this country. You may not like approach
45’s Presidency is "The Emperor's New Clothes” story. We are all in grave danger. Not partisan issue. 10/10
I am sorry but you are delirious. He has done more good for the people in few weeks than last 8 years.
You are still missing the point, but I give up.
Pls demand independent investigation into Russian influence/ties to Trump,his advisors and cabinet & election. W/out Sessions
#listen stop being a fear monger. Obama built a third of the wall. Why were u okay with it then and not now. Double standard?
I just saw you on Seth Myers. You were TERRIFIC! Proud that you are our Senator. Thank you for your commitment.
#investigatetrump
@ginsengity Do something about it!
More you push back against estab. DNC, more support you'll have.  A fight for equal rights AND income equality will win.
Yes, stand up against the nomination of the ignorant bigot Keith Ellison, if you do that than you will get my vote again,
I hope your not going to lower yourself into the democrats fear mongering  campaign.
that is exactly how millions have felt the past 8 years, to give this back to states is a blessing
didn't you all say that in November? lmao
I want to know WTF you people do with our money
called to fight!  We want some accountability
when u are standing up and speaking out you don't get heard Try listening  Perhaps those Kindergarten lessons were forgotten
Thank you Senator for the most "no" votes on Trump's cabinet pics!   You should run for president, you have my support.
I am totally disgusted by Trump's manipulative treatment of the SEAL widow.  Shameless pandering to his bloodthirsty base.
get behind Trump
everything you and you lib jerks care about,not us working people
1000 of us met on UWS last night to plan our strategy!
Thank you for your dedication
I would like an independent inquiry like Warren Commission on this russian mess, I believe you all know whats up..
Kirsten Gillibrand: Condemn Trump's attack on TG children's civil rights
thank you again for representing me so well
You, not we!
: There is still time for you to join the NY Indivisible Town Hall @ Ethical Culture Society!
please keep representing us so strongly and with equality in mind. Proud of you. Keep fighting. We need you more than ever.
& #ImpeachTrump now. Incompetent, insane, lawless & a Russian dupe. What are you waiting for?
https://philipbutta.wordpress.com/2017/02/20/kirsten-gillibrand-you-asked/ …
Thank you @SenGillibrand Couldn't agree more!
'we' is not most Americans, Supreme Court nominee should be on qualified not ' bringing people together', u got yr picks
Which is why YOU should run in 2020, not Cuomo! Come on, @SenGillibrand -- WE <3 YOU!!!!
1B$ social security benefits paid out to people that have NO SSN. Stand up, speak out and be heard about that.
I'd like to see you stand up for term limits and get the career politicians out.
@MegSmit72117182 Trump is a disease like cancer. Even with Chemo he will stick. Evil people like Trump are a lifelong fight.
and you are such a bullshit artist its incredible!!!~
We must deliver the message wry heart, commitment and passion.  Be sure the msg is not lost in the delivery. Bend them to us
This is NOT a moment, this is a movement. Get with the program, or get the hell out of the way.
. Really? because our side's moment was in November
Article 25! Trump worst kind of mental illness- looks normal has own reality-DSM-5 Personality Disorder-Narcissistic-DANGER!
@matthewjdowd This!
Spring is coming, lead the charge or move out of the way!
LOVED you on @sethmeyers last night! Please keep up the good fight!
@SenSchumer Thank U for being our voices! Plz can 45 be impeached?! Pence may be cons right but he's not a dangerous moron!
You stood for me when you were in Congress then you did a complete 180 to run for Senate. What do you believe in? I don't no.
The time is ripe for social & political mobilization as if we were going to war. War against corruption and Russian meddling.
Thank you. We need more Senators like you!
That's right! It is time to stand up and be counted. Distinct lines in the sand are being drawn.
Why are you pre-emptively admitting defeat on Gorsucks?
Unless you were a middle-east family in 1 of the 7 countries being bombed to hell over the past 8 years.. Too late for them
thank you for being my senator and representing us well!  I will stand up proudly w you 
Ha Ha Ha....your moment has passed. And won't be back anytime soon. American's are taking their country back.
Thank you for your courage.
We at #atli stand with you. Thank you for always showing up and speaking out. #activismamplified #resist
I hope to see you at the indivisible NY town hall tomorrow!
why haven't you started investigating Donald Trump and his associates and the Russia gate scandal
Thank you, Senator, thank you. Fight the good fight, until victory!
Agreed. So why won't you hold a town hall?
,Hillary Clinton autograph I am with her ,http://www.pedrosmithchosenone.com 
You make NYS proud!
Yes, this is our country and we won't let it be destroyed by people with small minds!
@hollisann Indeed!
We need action; not more talk. Are @SenateDems going to do anything or just keep talking?
amazing how he was elected. The electoral colleague would rather have Trump then (4) more years of Dem. BS shoved up our butt
@PiperPerabo it is not clear from your tweet - what are you standing for specifically?  Yeah let's be heard, about what?
You're a liberal. You care about nothing. You use whatever sheep you can heard.
@PiperPerabo if only we could disband political parties and eliminate all you corrupt politicians.
but what will u DO as a leader in the Senate??
Set the example and respond to your constituents letters, calls, etc. No word back means u don't care.
YES! Thank you, Senator.
.@SenGillibrand The people are powerless to change things. Don't lie & make people believe that you listen to us. We know who you listen to.
Preach, Kirsten. Go Big, go Big Green, and send Trump home.
Spoken as a true irrelevant #clueless #Democrat
Please don't take away #ESSA.  Vote no!  #kidsdeserveit
would hate to wish the pol climate on u,but i wish u could serve in Texas
#voteGOPout2018 thanks for standing up Sen.Gillibrand

@SuzanKBuckner impeach this madman.
@PalmerReport like what? What are you losing? Truth only please.
what the hell are you talking about?
and lest we lose precious traction on the rights for those we have yet to fulfill.
please oppose HR 424 HR 717 and HJ res 69, thanks!!
Pathetic.  That's it. You really tell your constituents that everything's being taken away?  Such BS.
Thank you for having our backs. I can't imagine the stress level, and you keep fighting the good fight. Have a drink on me.
thank you for standing up for what is right and fair.
@RayRLibrandi   Every time these bastards turn their heads, we have to be there, screaming!!  No rest for the wicked!!!
@DearAuntCrabby I sleep a little easier these days because you're my senator. Thank you
Get ready for 2020!
please stop the congressional review act for HJ 69, protect the environment and wild life.
yet we end up w #PollutingPruitt 
Time2 #DraftBernie #PeopleOverProfits #DefundDAPL
#WaterIsLife
#BanGlyphosate
#SinglePayer
We don't need that encouragement, Senator. The citizens are ready. We are looking to leaders! You!
Yes, we must be steadfast and resolute.  Many will sit on the sidelines.   It is up to the rest of us to wage the fight.
South Asian organization is inviting you to come and speak at our luncheon gala on Sunday, 4/30.
We all need to speak up to save our country as we know it
You've got to stand for something or you'll fall for anything.#resist
How can I speak to you? I'm from #NYC.
Yes, but #RepFaso refuses town halls
Don't forget to listen as well as talk, brings people together
@KelCampy its time senator. It's time
try sit down shut up. We have a country to run despite your petulant antics.
"only you can prevent this dumpster fire administration from burning all we hold dear to the ground!" https://loveandresistance.org/design/rogue-smokey …
Thank you for setting the example! Thank you for fighting!
Investigate Pence+McConnell+Ryan+Chaffetz+Sessions+Rubio role in #TrumpRussia!
@SenGillibrand @joncoopertweets
http://bit.ly/2gl5G3C 
@CNN
Comey?!
Here you go, @Rellyluvsfairen @SenGillibrand @joncoopertweets @CNN. Revised to include Comey
@Reuters @nytimes @JoyAnnReid @funder @politico
#GetUpStandUp!
It's not betaken away, it's getting fixed.
Stop trying to divide this Country further! If you're trying to be a leader, try to unite the Country instead
How do you unite people who are morally superior with those who pedal hate and fear?
We are ready, Senator.  I'm ready for the Impeachment Walk.
thank you for being my senator!
when will you be in Albany?
We are waiting for direction from the Dems!  I am one of your constituents.  No guidance is coming from you, Schumer, or Rice
Use your Initiative  

Write letters to your elected officals & local papers
Help elect better rep
Register
I have written to my elected officials including @SenGillibrand.  I have not received any response.  Rice is a dem.
what do u say about some new yorkers like myself who really feel u don't listen.
What are you talking about?
Gillibrand Newsome 20 has a great ring to it we need strong leaders to take us forward
Yes! Please keep speaking up for us!
@joncoopertweets -agreed.  What are you doing about it besides tweeting- DO SOMETHING!!  Use your platform.

$11 million in World Trade Center Rent Reduction Program rent credits, available for approx. 15 years of Spotify’s lease
Thanks Gov. Cuomo. Wonder who is going to end up paying for this.
@joncoopertweets 
Indeed. When are you coming to visit us inRochester, Senator Gillibrand?
great. And while the people of NY pay high taxes, utility bills and home costs, you go out and protest. Unbelievable!
good for u. That is the spirit and heart we need. Gillibrand/Brown 2020
is a flaming #hypocrite
@SenFranken and @SenGillibrand next Dem ticket.
(@SenDuckworth) is pretty great. Check her out she's a war hero & a progressive.
Thank you for your service. I am looking into possibly running for for precinct delegate in Orange County, NY.
more blather from a Senator who should be working for ALL NYers. 20 trillion in debt, what's your plan?
What are u imagining being taken away? Unionized public sector jobs? Sudanese immigrants? Bathroom rules?
When are Congress @GOP going to face the danger & stand for the Constitution & their oaths to it? Democracy is haemorrhaging
is this another  tactic used from your obstruction playbook?  We're onto you and your fellow fools  don't worry we got U! 
thank you Senator Gillibrand for lighting the way.
I spoke out about how the mere threat of an ACA repeal is harming the self-employed. http://www.inc.com/steven-demaio/affordable-care-act-repeal-effects-on-my-business.html … #SelfEmployed
You have our support. I'm so proud of how you stand up for us, your constituents.
I hope you'll be attending the NY Indivisible town hall tomorrow night. Your constituents would love to speak out & be heard.
We hope to see you tomorrow!
Israel
how and where do we do that?
