Except the voices whom were terminated..."planned parenthood". Brilliant G, that's how to guarantee ur win...at any cost.
Luv your +++ altitude!!  What's nu on SJR5?  Can u call Patty Murray and get her to cosponsor? All Dems on board!
JFK beat Nixon by One Vote per precinct. 
YOUR one vote, one voice matters!
Dems ↠Vote or Die.
Vote Her Out! Voted Against Kate's Law!
Wake up all 53% of Dems who did not vote in 2016! Every vote counts!! All of our DUTY!! VOTE/register now!! If not u r part of problem!!!
Get a bio on Tommy Douglas. He won the poll as the greatest Canadian hands down. His grandson is Kiefer Sutherland. Gave us our healthcare.
Kristen Has Her OWN Agenda Not Voters! Trained By Chuck Schumer! Resist Kristen On Election Day!
It also demonstrated the impotence of Potus.
Franken Gillibrand 2020
Some voices were heard, but not the voices of Wisconsinites who called Ron Johnson and protested outside of his offices.
I love WI!  Went there to work on recalling the Guv.  Awesome occupation of the statehouse for 30 days!
Sen- this whole debacle also should spark legislation that targets ethics reform toward the executive branch. Not needed previously but....
Your healthcare legislation is ruining my life
@Varidienne Thank you, senator, for your unwavering support and leadership! We're with you.
Kristen come to NYC, and let's talk Heath Care! You know Health Care, and Health Insurance. Not Medicaid! You're failing NY!
Keep an eye on that snake McConnell
Really pissed GOP knew/Russ but argued to do nothing!!Bshit!McConnell has lost ALL credibility! Is his wife's cabinet seat 'thanks' from DT?
Crazy system = voters have to beg, protest, write, call, visit to get representatives to do the right thing?  We work harder than they do!
e.g. the ERA.  We've been lobbying 169 years and we still don't have it.
.@SenGillibrand Now you find that harassing & openly calling for destruction of the only Jewish state on earth is ok?  #MyVoiceMatters
then maybe KG U should listen-socialized medicine destroyed Charlie Gard-Ocare is dead- bury it-write a new plan instead of just voting NO
Sen Gillibrand - YOUR voice matters on this DCCC anti-choice nonsense! Please speak out!
Thank you for fighting for our healthcare! This is worth a watch:
Funny how you only say each vote counts when it's the result you want, and a vote in Congress. Just an observation.
In a democracy only the first vote after 50% counts, whether it's 6 or 60 million.  Its not a perfect system.
@Brantinghamgirl . All voices matter, you have shown us this, Sen Gillibrand.
If I scream any louder, I may pop a blood vesselLove you Sen. Gillibrand
Come off it, Madam Senator. Your bill to make voicing a designated political opinion a felony ($$$$$ fine and jail) is fascist on its face.
Hello.I reported denial of a insurance card and thus primary care physician to your office,and I was billed 4 srvcs while out of the country
Thank yoy for stickung with this!
Sorry for typos!
Demonstrated the voice of sellouts
A champion of ObamaCare criticizing a better plan, LIES by the ex-POTUS, you can keep your doctor, will pay less money, and mandatory!
I want a change down with Obama care
Thank you Sen. Gillibrand. I am proud to be your constituent.
My empire coverage was cancelled as off Jan 1. Any comments?
As a Brooklyn resident, I want to thank you for being such a vehement critic of the AHCA & BCRA.

Except those of the constituents u refuse to talk to



Thank u, u represent NY, but those of us in states like Nebraska count on u. Called @BenSasse & @SenatorFischer & they don't care abt us.
Don't forget mcCain's backstab to americans
Senator I'd love to believe that at face value, but then I remembered @SenSchumer was your mentor. #endtheduopoly
Keep fighting for us in the Senate
We need Medicare for all, it is time
You never heard conservative voices when you rammed Obamacare tax mandate on us either
you didnt listen to all the voices though, you only listened to the ones you wanted to hear! ACA leaving millions w/no choice/no ins/no doc
We need a leader who'll advocate town hall for Health Ins.  Can't rely on 1 vote! Dem or Repub, that's how close it it. PROACTIVE
You are a hoot. Corruption ruled. Not much longer. 
The only reason it was stop is because you have a trump hating egotisticle Clown in the US senate.
But what now? ACA is very expensive and the individual mandate is wrong!
SENATOR MOST OF THINGS WRITEN IS COMMON SENSE! IF A PERSON ONLY USES TRUTHFUL INFORMATION !THAN PEOPLE WILL ACCEPT IT!
Voices and votes can get us out of this mess.
Wait did you hear your constituents  or was yours a party vote
#SinglePayerNow Governors need to move on this for every state individually take the power away from Trump #TrumpcareFail
Every voice matters, every single vote matters- NOV 2018
Dead or alive!!
S.720 is abysmal, please pull your support.
Everyone needs to stay engaged. #itsamarathon

Thank you for your No vote! Please demand a bipartisan effort on healthcare. xoxox from Saratoga Springs
"Your voice matters"? Sorry but thousands of your Delphi constituents don't believe that crap. We have been asking u 4 help since ur 1st day
ACA is seriously flawed. Every1 includin u kno it but u represent ur party & continue to screw those ur supposd represent by keeping ACA.
Y r u so interested in quieting voice of falsely accused in #TitleIX? R their voices not one of the important voices? @SenateGOP
Why aren't AG Sessions, Don JR, Kushner and Manafort being charged with their crimes?
#SinglePayerNow #MedicareForAll  stop supporting for profit healthcare system
How can the three Senators vote yes in a new vote?  Threats would be in the radar for these Senators back home
Thank you. We often feel we are harassing you and Sen Schumer with all those calls! But thank you for standing up for us.
No only an old man who voted out of spite you 48 don't listen to anyone but your wallets
So what have u done to improve the original ACA. Celebrating that it wasn't repealed isn't an accomplishment.We r still left w nothing.
So why do ai feel so helpless and worse- hopeless and pessimistic?
Don't for get the vioces of the children God has created in their mother's womb.
TRUST WOMEN
Thank you for your NO vote Senator
Words still have meaning and as we've seen, peaceful outrage can still move mountains.
Thank you as well for standing up for the American people @SenGillibrand.  I could care less if you swear!  I would be swearing to!
Why are you sponsoring the bill to imprison critics of Israel?
You Dems are for the wall.  It exists in your vote.  We'll remember when you seek reelection. @realDonaldTrump @HouseGOP
Question. What can every single senator do to help open healthcare to greater competition and price reduction?
Also remember your Republican Senator (90% + of the time) doesn't care about your voice.
Neither does a democratic senator... they voted yes to the ACA but also yes to exempting themselves from it
But what if I sound like Gilbert Gottfried?
As an American our voices have not been heard for over eight years and Congress continues to ignore working class Americans.
Thank You Senator!
You are a strong and impressive voice. Thank you
Does have any more effect if we come to DC vs in our home town/state?
How many fucking healthcare bills is this now?
THIS is the political reality today...
Get a grip!

And @SenJohnMcCain revenge!
It also demonstrated the importance of Senators Bank Accounts over the welfare of the nation.
he's throwing tantrums again 
Nice to be reminded.
Wow
F-bomb scourge.
That's why you will be looking for a new job shortly #FemiNazi
