Yeah let’s do it 
We have one. Still no smoking gun. Just a bunch of smoke from the left and squandering taxpayer money on a paper tiger.
Did you ask for one for @HillaryClinton Crimes? It's fine @POTUS will get last laugh
I fear a special prosecutor will take years and we'd be left with no recourse. Independent investigator - open and public - might be better
@Deemoney521 senator so obvious top dog Mitch Ryan hand in@this
Kirsten, will a special prosecutor supplant the Senate Intel Committee's investigation or be in addition to it? #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Please make this your priority one!  Before we get nuked in a bad way!
Nothing to prosecute.
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand!
Ok rocket scientist. Make sure you look for Martians also. Russia forced me on trump train. They paid my ticket #Libtardia
#ImpeachTrump
You are a fraud.

There are no "ties" , just liberal and media fake news.
But the excuses will come.
And similarly, and investigation into Mitch McConnell and why he is stubbornly impeding justice. What is he hiding, and why? #TrumpRussia
Yes stop the #GOPcoverup
Why dont you work across the isle and get some of your republican friends to join you
I just wish all of you Republicans and Democrats would just get along and try to make it work for the good of the country not for your party
You know it's really sad that you Dems will do just about anything to get control back in the government. give up already and accept it
@NoBrainsTRUMP nobody cares...stop floggin the dead horse...hire a focus group .trust me, it will tell you this m.o. is dead
Waaaaaaaaa
Amen!
No we don't.Start being a responsible politician.
I think you should rethink a presidential regime where the checks and balances don't seem to be working and POTUS can fire at will!
Thank you, Senator @SenGillibrand !  I support y/our stand on this.
Senator, please do whatever you can to make this happen.
What will you do about it? How far are you willing to go? Are you prepared to #Resist ? Will you stall the Senate until an investigation?
Too funny!
Thank you!
Dems blew when you guys sabotage Sanders. Now you're only weapons is talk
Actually, we need some ACTION ON THE CRAZY PPL IN THE WH STAGING A COUP RIGHT THIS MINUTE!!!!! RIGHT NOW! Wake up DC!!!
Trump campaign's alleged collusion with Russia is a preexisting condition, and switching insurance (by firing Comey) won't protect him !
Don't tell us, though. Tell McConnell.
We need an independent prosecutor to investigate both Trump/RNC & Hilary/DNC with Russia! Let's get to the TRUTH!
Are you saying you have no faith in the men and women of the @FBI to do their jobs faithfully because #Comey was fired @SenGillibrand?
Never stop, Senator!  Keep fighting for us!
And Hillary , we deserve the whole truth!
Another Democrat apparently on the FACTS vaccine....
No matter how many times you say it - there is no evidence of Trumps ties to Russia.
I feel like the American people are not being properly safeguarded by the "balance of power". The #GOP is complicit. @SenatorBurr
Hey what about Hillary Clinton and her investigation? She broke 25 federal laws your DA.
There is NO doubt a special prosecutor is needed! Please fight for this. Total obstruction!
You're too partisan, a zealot... to see the reality.
We need a Podesta-Hillary-Bill-Uranium-Russian investigation instead.
Senate has to act, not give empty speeches. Coverup of treason/corruption apparent and threatens our govt & democracy. No more empty speech.
Create a blocking majority with all the outraged GOP & Dems for all new agenda until Independent Invesitgation granted - You Can Do That!!!
I don't know. I think I need a one question survey in Facebook asking me if I think an independent special prosecutor is necessary.
No you don't! Dems wanted Comey fired for the Clinton letter now that Trumo did it you all try to pollute the voters mind with nonsense
He can check  into Hillary  as well.
Thank you, Senator!
The question is, who now has access to all of the investigation reports? My guess is that Comey's office is sealed and WH is searching it.
Don't just tweet it, get out there and say it loud.
Actually, I think we need to go directly to impeachment proceedings.
agree but didn't that law allowing Congress to do so expire in 1999? Per NYT
@davidwebbshow you don't trust the men and women at the FBI to conduct themselves in a professional manner.1of17 security dep
So I told Rep. Carter (GOP) and Senators Cornyn and Cruz (both GOP.)  The ones heckling Ms. Yates the last day or so.
Please DO NOT confirm Comey's replacement until a special prosecutor is appointed
Stop waisting our tax payers money

She is a Chucky puppet
Yes, we do!!!!
and Hillary's connections to Russia!
A Commie Who** jumps on bandwagon
Totally in agreement.
Has Jeff Session not broken the law by 'advising' Trump to fire the FBI Director? Session has recused himself!
@GeorgeTakei yes! We! Do!
Well, get busy with that, Senator. Stop tweeting and START WORKING. Stop telling us your job needs to be done--DO your job, Senator.
Partisan political hacks like you are why I can't wait to move from NY. Last one out please turn out the lights.
New York City supports this decision!
No we don't, Senator.  Investigation has NO EVIDENCE of collusion.
Time to accept NO for an answer
Senators do your job. When will this start being about the people
You guys are on a real fishing expedition.
so the fact that the dems and gop leading the investigation committee 4 days ago said zero evidence apparently means nothing to these idiots
LOL  LOL    NEED TO  INVESTIGATE  HER
Bullshit!! Where was the investigations when the Obama Admin knew of Russia's hacking under their watch?? Hillary lost!! Get over it!!
is damned certain there are ties. And if there aren't will she step down for BREACHING her duty? @davidwebbshow
Really I been telling y'all since day 1 he sold the USA 2 Russia thts who's running our country Not Trump
Senator Gillibrand, you are is a position to demand the appointment of a special prosecutor to investigate Trump. Can that happen soon?
Why, because after nine months you still haven't found any connection?
Neither u or the rest of @TheDemocrats wanted a special prosecutor 4 @BarackObama or @HillaryClinton but ur demanding 1 now
Liberals have driven me to the point, I like Russia more than Democrat politicians
So what have you guys been waiting for?
I'm sending Senator Schumer a box of Kleenex can I send you one to.
Yes we want to know who leaked and spied  on us citizens! Prosecute the Obama administration! Starting with rice & co!
Wait, comey said there was zero evidence of russian collusion.
We needed a independent special prosecutor for Hillary, Holder, Lynch, Obama, Rice also, but haven't seen one yet.
And crooked Hillary? Yah, that's what I thought.
No we just need to impeach his ass. WJC was over lying over BJ. How many lies by 45 are evidenced by video already?
#Benghazi #EmailScandal #fastandfurious #ClintonFoundation  let's start there 1st!!
If so many of you are calling for one, why don't we have one?
Quit the cult & come back to reality
Keep chasing your tail.  It's amusing to watch.

No more excuses, it's time the justice dept arrests Hillary and prosecutes her!
What part of Grand Jury subpoenas were issued against Flynn and others don't you understand? Also, Found no evidence connecting Trump!
STOP wasting tax payers money!!!
No more excuses. We need investigation on @BarackObama 's arming and funding of Muslim Brotherhood. #draingheswamp @realDonaldTrump
Prosecute what !!! there is no evidence of collusion. New FBI director will reopen Clinton Investigation where there is evidence.
How ' bout we start with Hillary, podesta , Clinton foundation first.
@natsr49 Another brainless Schumer like twit heard from.
Hypocrisy at it's finest! @realDonaldTrump
No, we don't.
Is that truly our only option for recourse?
Why
Please convince your republican colleagues before we lose our country!
No more excuses. Need Hillary put in a cell, Dems to stop lying, oh and the immediate investigation of pedophilia among dems
No more excuses: We need an independent special prosecutor to investigate @TheDemocrats openly rigging elections. #DNCFraudLawsuit
#45 cannot appoint a new FBI Dir while still under FBI Investigation! It will set bad precedent! We must stop this NOW! #SpecialProsecutor
It needs to be done and it needs to be done NOW.
#ImpeachTrumpNow #SpecialProsecutor #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #TrumpCrimeFamily
An empowered independent investigation into all aspects of the election. Find the truth and go from there
I'd certainly willingly agree to a special prosecutor of the Trump Administration.... When the Obama Administration agrees to same....
How many did we get for Bill's sex life? We can't get ONE special independent prosecutor for Trumps Treason?
Please!!!!
Let's put Hillary in jail first. Thank you.
Don't U have more pressing issues tweet about? I seriously think anyone can represent the people in US. Oh, wait have 2 b wealth first ...
Russia is story the fabrication from Liberals...Nuts
1. stop having librals who are bent on finding something even if it's not there. 2. So we can clear this up and find out no collusion....
Yes! Special prosecutor and bipartisan commission.
Vous avez besoin de beaucoup de clown pour comprendre qu'il faut voire devant hum
Bur where would you find an independent prosecutor to do the job that wouldn't get fired or exposed through a hacking scam 
For the love of democracy please work together.  @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @SenateDems @SenateGOP #BingSearchTrends #TheResistance
@Shellemarie #MarchForTruth June 3rd
Absolutely!!!!!
No we dont. The only thing Russia did was release information that said what a criminal Hillary was. That's how the election was changed.
What we really need is a grand jury to investigate just about everyone in the beltway!!!
We need Albany to Flood, and Manhattan to tip over like Guam. Oh, and please, be at either location when it happens. Thanks. 🖒
Yes
You bet! Right after the Clinton prosecution. You know, the one with actual evidence.
For the record,how many "no evidence it ever happened" required before Democrats accept facts instead of their partisan lies?
YES, JUDGE NAPOLITANO as lead prosecutor. Get him to the table tomorrow. He will get to the truth!
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand.
The need for a #SpecialProsecutor isn't about politics. It's about
#ChecksAndBalances.
CC:@SenCoryGardner
Thank you senator! Keep fighting! Actions speak louder than words
This is so passé.
Absolutely. There is no other choice.
Will you and your Senate colleagues push this. Our Democracy is under attack and the Republicans so far don't seem to care.
Yes! As soon as possible! Trump is hiding a lot of things regarding his tax returns and his connections with Russia. Keep standing for us!
Or impeach - add conflict of interest, abuse of power, violation of just about every law and the constitution etc it should have begun !
and one to investigate @DNC

Please refuse to work until it happens. Just sit there and vote no. Only say we will speak when independent prosecutor is in place
Be strong. We are counting on you.
So get the Dems off their butts and demand justice.
Just wasting more money
Absolutely how can Sessions who reclused himself from anything Hillary fire Comey this is bull shit we have no confidence in FBI trump sucks
The President has the authority to fire him.  Surprised it didn't come much sooner.
Comey isn't very bright. Lots of people in jail now for much much less.
who can make that happen ?
Lol
We are with you Kirsten!
Yes, we do. What are you doing as my NY Senator to get that special prosecutor?
@GenericHeretic
@scottspezzano get over it. There is no ties to Russia. I won't be voting for you next election
but how do we get this?
we need an impeachment inquiry now!!!!

JUST IN: White House confirms Pres. Trump will meet with Russia's Minister of Foreign Affairs Sergei Lavrov tomorrow in the Oval Office. 
We are with you, Senator!
Yes. Thank you. When I saw this news, I came here to make sure that you felt this way. We need to protect this country from him.
I just don't understand how a true independent investigation could be put together. Who in the USA could possibly be independent?
You're useless
Agreed!!!

And the Clinton Russian connection. And btw we are still waiting for the truth about the Saudi connection 28 pages
go Tina Go!!  Time to get to the bottom of this rotten barrel and IMPEACH the illegitimate @POTUS
Nope. Sorry. We'll investigate you though.
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand!

Why?! Let's investigate...wait, let's prosecute the Liberal Loonies. You really are a lapdog. It's a shame you cannot even do YOUR job.#MAGA
Stop crying. You lost now get lost.
What are you actually going to do about it?  You are my rep... for now.
As your constituent, thank you for pushing for #SpecialProsecutor PLEASE continue to fight for this; I am worried our democracy is at risk!
Too true; and let's leave no stone unturned; we don't want anyone to have gotten away w offering vlad "flexibility..."
Help us Senator Gillibrand, what can we do to help push an independent special prosecutor to investigte #TrumpRussia
Thank you.
Thank you.  You are a patriot! #TrumpRussia
Yes , yes, yes
We need America to get involved. The whole situation is getting seriously out of hand. He is creating fear in many around him.
