Disgraceful. U don't even care about ur own country or its citizens #wednesdaywisdom #BlackHistory365
MUSLIM BEHEADS WOMAN IN OKLAHOMA [VIDEO] #MuslimBanprotest #SallyYatesIsAHero #SallyYates #maga #TuesdayMotivation http://247newsmedia.com/breaking-muslim-beheads-woman-oklahoma-video/ …
agree but are you for open borders and let everyone in without proper documents and without proper vexing?
No, but it is vetting.
Yes, vetting!
Not if they want to kill us...
if you are so worried about being killed why don't we also 'extreme vett' gun buyers/owners. Just a thought
Have u ever tried buying a gun in New York City?  I doubt it.
@allysheedy1 @graceslick77 #Gillibrand2020 !!!!! #Leadership !!! #WakeUpDemocrats
The statue of liberty was gifted to us after we passed the 13th amendment. That's why she has broken chains around her feet.
Exactly right! Lady Liberty has welcomed decades of immigrants! Thank you for speaking out! Proud you are my Senator!
She welcomed @realDonaldTrump refugee paternal grandparents and his immigrant mother.
His ILLEGAL immigrant mother.
She also welcome the 911 hijackers and every other terrorist.
She welcomed every mafia member. Doesn't mean all Italians=criminals
Guess what? They were jailed/ executed/deported.
Just beautiful
Should we accept everyone blindly?
we don't
Sure seems like Gillibrand doesn't want any limitations...Even temporary ones.
there are limitions at every turn ALREADY
please defend her and #withholdconsent on other legislation until ban is repealed. #nojusticenobills
Please encourage your Dem colleagues to stand united against Trump noms. Vote no, filibuster.  STOP THIS CRAZY TRAIN!
#resist #ThankYouSallyYates
Trump will soon want the words on the Statue of Liberty changed to say something about himself. #gillibrand2020
Yikes, that's probably next.
Thank you for standing up and speaking out. Not going unnoticed.
@SenateDems need to do what you're doing #VoteNO #BlockTrump like gop did #PBO @YDanasmithdutra
I'm an immigrant, came here 5 yrs old, now 40, Proud American. Please help the other refugees/immigrants/muslims #NoBanNoWall
thank you for your strength
Feel for them, but feel for the Mom ahead of me in Walmart whose WIC didn't cover her apple juice and rye bread. Priorities!
Whn president controls more thn 1 branch of government thy're able to invalidate constitutional guarantees like habeas corpus
agreed! Just one area in which #45 is fundamentally wrong! Please continue to be strong and fight for everyone!
we needed that vigilance before Hillary State Department facilitated destruction Libya and the people's Home
Replace "those" with "properly vetted" in your tweet to protect our Statue of Liberty.
thank you for fighting!
Thank you for your resistance.
We aren't talking about Chiago!
Are you willing to help people escape Chicago?
Are you being held in Chicago against your will?
No, she represents liberty for Americans to decide their own fate, liberty from fear mongering demagogues like yourself.
Thank you.
No it does not. It is a gift from France.
Maybe should stop bombing them first?
We would need to take in tens of millions. Billions of people make less than $2 a day Let's help them where they are! Broke!
@jeffcarmack well, that's what it used to represent. I'm not sure anymore.
you have lost your way the people of up state  will not forget when election day comes up.
I think you need to start about where American refugees can start looking for refuge!
Bannon has 0 foreign policy exp., is a political advisor & white supremacist & called the press the opposition party.2/2
.@SenGillibrand Not True! It represents Liberty granted by the Declaration Of Independence.  You are spreading #FakeNews
thank u 4 strongly opposing the immigration ban. Please also oppose Bannon on the NSC & the demotion of the CJCS and DNI.1/2
Thank you Senator Gillibrand for your leadership
@SenSchumer
also creating these dangerous places with powervacuums and sell/drop billions$$ of weaponry should be reconsidered.
bullshit. The SOL has nothing to do with immigration. Freedom and Liberty is its message. The Lady is not inviting folks in.
Beautifully stated Senator.   Keep on keeping on and thank you for your voice.
Too bad our new administration doesn't. Given the choice I'm sure he'd replace it with a 'strong' man statue played in gold.
VOT NO on SEssIons
yes!  #withholdconsent
Keep up the great work. And oppose DeVos!
please accept my humble thanks for all you are doing!
Godspeed
I absolutely agree. However it doesn't say that we should self inflict wounds that will knowingly tear ourselves apart.
if the US doesn't stand for liberty, then who? The world will be lost without this positive influence.
Platitudes are fine, but we need action.  What are we doing about Judicial orders not being enforced? We are slipping away.
@pdacosta anything in there about causing these problems in the first place?
What about Trump making the USA the most dangerous and violent places on Earth? #NotMyPresident #TheResistance
Bannon must be removed from the Whitehouse. #TrumpTraitors #StopPresidentBannon #Resist
@SenFeinstein Please make sure all Senate Dems stay together. Nothing else matters. The Senate is the last hope for the left
we can't take everyone, help them to stay in their countries
Sure. Why not open prison doors and release poor prisoners?
only when it suits you!
Resist
But only those that wish us well. Those that wish us harm need to stay out. Ask the French how they feel about cray crays
the problem is there denying #GreenCard Holders. they belong here. #USA
You mean that is what the Statute of Liberty used to represent. Now it stands with tears in its eyes.
France called. They want their Statue of Liberty back!
Exactly, Senator. President T does not know that. Sad & scary.
Please run in 2020.
Obama stopped Cubans fighting the Cuban tyranny to come to this country.  Did you or any other Democrats  complaint?
Thank you!
I am canvassing for you.
You are just being an obstructionist with hopes of Presidential run! #hypocrite
keep up the good and right work of resistance. Thank you, Senator!
Run for #POTUS in 2020! Please!!
Proud to be a NYer. TY for standing up proud and loud, if often alone.
Thank you so much.. I am a New Yorker and proud you represent us
I'm afraid France may ask us to return it.
fleeing? Have u been to Suffolk county and rounded up the gang members?
We need more obstruction like @RonWyden !!!
thank you for taking a stand!!!

thank you! Keep setting the example.
yet here we are witnessing our own demise (yep Trump) who the hell said yes to Billionaire Betsy?
Thank you!!!
count me in your ranks. Veteran USAF...
Our willingness to accept that those currently fleecing America are the most dangerous and violent people on earth
Read yor history, it's not what the S of L is about. The dems use it as a prop for political purposes.
Keep it up! #nojusticenobills
Thank you for your compassion, and showing up for all.  #withholdconsent
Please, 2020. @SenGillibrand
Our willingness to accept those fleeing the most dangerous and violent places on earth is what the Statue of Liberty represents.
You are paid to represent Americans. Not foreigners who want to kill us! America needs new security policies to protect us!!!
I was 7 blocks from White House on 9/11 & feared for my life. Not 1 person from 7 barred countries was responsible
They did over stay their visa and if we had better policies in place e would have been looking for them.
It is obvious that all of America is under assault from the right. Draw a bright line now.
Thank you for everything you've been doing, Senator. I'm a lifelong New Yorker and you are absolutely the best.
You sure have faithful followers KiKi why don't you work with Trump to br
Bring jobs to the Capital region of NY Being that our governer wants to punish us for not voting for him.
Thank you so much for standing up for real American values and ideals!
I was posting poem New Colossus since before this administration was elected as a reminder of who we as a people are.
If you don't stand up and take real action on Trump instead of talk, the electors will speak with their votes.
Get MajorTechCo to Massena Ny. Build FiberNTWRK on Xmission lines.Move data not physical parts. save UpStNY!DREAMBIG!Jobs!
u r the only one that had true integrity. Others are coming around...too late, too little. I know all r fears are great
keep fighting for us Senator! We need you!
Why would Trump want to privatize federal cyber security. Is Americans Safe?
filibuster everything - there is CLEARLY no political price to pay for obstruction.
YES this BAN is a disgrace!
.@SenGillibrand You're a hero, Senator.

I hope we'll be getting to know you much better in 2020.
Allowing the terrorists through undermines the foundation of that statue.
Yes, we should definitely fear five year olds, those fleeing torturous pain & suffering, & the elderly who raised them. /s
Source for the demographics?
Are you kidding me? Google Search or just go to immigration's homepage. Not doing your homework for you.
You posted you cite.  That's how it works.
