Fight to lower the cost of healthcare, not how to pay the bill.
Have always liked & respected u. Disappointed u r w/ Bernie who screwed Hillary & handed election 2 trump. Can no longer support u
Do not support u. U r undoing Obamacare & any chance of providing a realistic & doable fix. Just go back 2 Vermont & leave us dems alone.
Yearly part B deductible too. Medicare requires no referrals but must read booklet to see what is covered and what is not
If you want Medicare for all. Medicare pays 80% and patient responsible for 20%. Supplemental insurance is needed.
Don't touch the preventive screenings. It's important to have them.
Until Sept 30, can we just #SaveACA ? Then #MedicareForAll all the way.
Who is going to pay for it????
you and the horse you rode in on
We've lost so much by not having healthcare for all. Billions in unpd ER visits  -> hosps closed down.  Ppl sick or dead-> lost productivity
NO! You forced the ACA down our throats, it has failed. Now you want purely socialized insurance/healthcare! Hell No!
Seriously?!  I have a right to keep and bear arms but the government won't give me a gun, and I wouldn't ask them to. Does your brain work?!

Better idea. Try it in ur own state and leave the rest of the country alone.  Even Crazifornia couldn't pass it due to outrageous costs.
No way! $20 trillion in debt now, get our house in order first.

Medicare is part is Social Security, which we paid into for years, now you want to "give" it to all?  Who elected you?
Any comment on giving hate a platform ?
No you're crazy
Just raise the minimum wage to $200:hr and everyone can afford healthcare
No thanks! We see how well the government runs the VA! Most of you Senators couldn't bust out a wet paper bag. No to single payer !!
That's a losing position, even Pelosi is not supporting it. Yeah, the govt did such a "great" job with healthcare... 
We survived Irma but would not survive Govt run healthcare.  #Independentstrongwomen
Nope! Don't support that! Who pays for it? What's the debt ceiling up to? Does your family live within a budget? Our govt should too!
OH, just AMERICANS, eh? 
Senator Gillibrand wants "undocumented" WOMEN and CHILDREN to DIE!!! RACIST! RACIST! (Isn't that how it works?)
It should be Free!!
Medicare for all is not good health care.  It becomes scarce and the government decides what treatment you can have.  Ask Canada & Sweden
we do not approve of government controlled healthcare that makes us pick doctors from a government approved list.losing more voters
Nope you are wrong

#MedicareForCongress Let's see how you like it
Yes AND we to stop insurance co from buying whole hospital healthcare systems. It's monopoly and price fixing making premiums high by costs.
Not should be a right, it is a right. 
https://twitter.com/SSWorks/status/908038077448368128 …
Time to get your colleague @SenCortezMasto on board.
AS LONG AS U GIVE UP YOURS NOW/GET COVERD UNDR OCARE & THEN GO ON MEDICARE.  ALSO, HOW ABT WORKING MORE THAN 4 DAYS A MONTH? @SenateDems
This has always been about corruption, not health care. Corrupt Dems feeling the pressure from the TRUTH Bernie brings. Thx Bernie!
How? You can't even run the VA & you want to run Healthcare for all? NO Government to corrupt! You don't even have ACA
So proud of MY Senator standing next to @SenSanders fighting for healthcare for all!
Comrades in arms .............communists!
This is an obvious choice. Ours is the only non 3rd world country that doesn't offer their citizens health care. Time to make it happen!
I'll support you in Medicare for All and for #Gillibrand2020 
Have you made it clear to all that this would give Medicare to all illegals living in America or did you forget to mention it?
I do not want government making my healthcare decisions!!!  Follow & support President Trump's agenda.
What agenda?
@BernieSanders Lifestyle diseases are on the rise with no plateau in  sight. We can't commit to paying for bad decisions
@BernieSanders I'll support single-payer when a majority of Americans take care of themselves.
This makes little sense. Nice try at being pithy, though.
sky rocketing obesity and diabetes contribute to huge healthcare costs.
Thank you - from Syracuse, NY
Same here.
You go girl!!!
The #SOCIOPATH and repugs are trying to cut taxes. Single payer would RAISE taxes quite a bit.
They simply can combine social security and Medicare,get rid of the cap,and bam! It's a done deal.Medicade could even be included.
I don't want my Social Security or my Medicare combined, besides I don't know that this will work. Raise cap would help SS.
thank you so much.
I'm hoping you will take steps to define how such a massive shift is paid for, and whether there are steps to keep reducing fee for service
Question: Why do Dems suddenly need Bernie to lead?! Wtf!? I thought medicare for all was already a democratic issue!!
As soon as you explain how it gets paid for!  Confiscation of Wealth does not help anyone!
So as a citizen, you don't think I should have the freedom to make my own choices for healthcare options? This is sickening
Socialism is not the answer.
The military and police is socialism
Everything in Europe have what's wrong with American ?
Thank you!
Could you talk to @SenSchumer?
I called him, but he doesn't seem to be listening.
First we need to fraud proof the HC industry from the overcharging bogus charging that's milking the system that will cut a lot of the costs
I have government healthcare. There's nothing "good" about it. It's a fucking disaster.
One of the first times in recent memory I'm proud to call you my senator. Keep this up until the fight is won!
If we do we won't have any of those things so I'll pass
Sanders 2020
Where can I see how it will be paid for?
It will be paid for by having 70-80% tax on EVERYONE
No thank you.
Please encourage  @SenSchumer to join you.
You hold the same title as McCain." One vote"!

Hate this idea.  I support free mkt solutions.  Less gov't!!!   Dems have gone too far to the Left. Glad I left the Dem Party.
U furnish the coin and we will follow
I support good affordable healthcare for all but single payer has challenges
The devil is in the details!
Do you have Medicare as your insurance?  Why don't you try it for a while and see how little it really covers?
Thank you 
As long as it does not affect us who worked nec qtrsyrs to earn it and are on Medicare now. BTW, it's not that great. YOUR insur is great!
What about the Hyde Act? How will #MedicareForAll deal with #reproductivehealth @PPact ?
Thank you, Senator!
How do you intend to pay for yet another expansion of entitlements? We are broke Senator
you can afford endless wars and corporate welfare, but when it comes to healthcare for your fellow Americans, we're broke? you are shameful
It says in the constitution to have armed forces to protect our interests! Doesn't say shit about me paying for your healthcare!
Proving, nothing is more disgusting in #Washington than #BernieSanders, progressive Dem leader terminates Single Payer. 
Thank you Nancy.
It's not about "affordability." The idea of Medicare for All is that everyone pays into the system and your care is paid for by that money
I don't believe you actually support Medicare for All. Your wording of this tweet tells me a different story.
The ACA was all about health insurance not affordable care please try to keep up. Oh and it made it less affordable btw
Who is paying for it?  Will you and your family be under the same care?  Doubt it....
Wait, I'm confused. You want affordable healthcare but u support taking healthcare (& pensions) away from ur Delphi constituents. Explain
can you talk to @SenDuckworth and @DickDurbin
I don't see @SenDuckworth or @DickDurbin on here YET. 
No, the Government doesn't manage anything well, why put them in charge of a person's health?
Well it works in Europe :^)
Europe doesn't spend nearly all their tax dollars on defense.
True.
Medicare for "citizens"
@SenDeanHeller you would do well to join, too!
IT SHOULD BE WELL REGULATED.  BY EVERYBODY.
Sure. 24,000 yearly increase in federal taxes. Can't opt out this one. 50percent not paying will all have to pay the 24 g's or go to jail.
We do support it!!!!  It should never be a partisan issue.
Thank u Lucy for selling ur home to help pay for this!!
I will
I think all of congress should donate their salaries like president Trump did.  Show us your not doing this for the money
One doesn't require the other.  Obamacare was just a ruse to get single payer.  You're all just a bunch of lying con-artists
Another gov't handout.
Government shouldn't get this involved in healthcare all they did was screw it up in the first place
We need to win in 2018! Not sure that's going to do it.
Ummmmm seriously!? Over 60% of Americans WANT a Medicare 4 all system. Politicians who dont support are digging their political  grave.
I want to be on the congress health plan
Isn't late better than never?
You could be right, but I hope not. Hopefully #Senate and #Congress are getting sick of the #Zombie repeal and replace attempts.
I do support Medicare for all but we're having trouble holding on to the ACA. Doesn't this effort muddy our message?
ACA is a right wing plan first pushed by Nixon and heritage foundation. The message has been increasingly anti-trump and not 4 anything
Wrong idea!
I'm running in NY11. Support us with some follows. We need that congressional seat to pass the Medicare For All bill!

How would it be paid for?
Increase in taxes!
That still wouldn't cover it....
us gov already spend more money on healthcare than anyother singlepayer nation. A house committee study claims that singlepayer is cheaper
How about a link to a source. I've never heard of any such study, not a reputable one & Google doesn't find one either.
Translation: if you want a bad option of single payer with poor care, click here.  #noway
Let's get everybody great care that denies claims at higher rates than private insurance! I'm such a good person!
Thank you for co-sponsoring this bill!
I'm in
Are insurers and drug companies still in control with this plan?
Go get em. Canadians know this is answer to health care.  
People need to provide for themselves and not be dependent of govt for something they should be doing. Where does the money come from?? me!!
.... we fight wars in other nations mess around in others elections and call ourselves good guys?
Not if it includes #abortion and it is devoid of conscience protections
Abortion is legal  Supreme Court decided that. Women are allowed to decide what to do with their body.
So desperate for the Bernie voters....not gonna work.
How about requiring employers to cover employees and families? Medicare for the unemployed, disabled and retired. Medicare for all is stupid
20 Trillion in debt....Let's spend more!
Look to the VA. See how gov healthcare works. Looking forward to wait lists, shortages, massive fraud and waste coming to a facility near u
Medicare for All, does it Include Congress?? Same HC for ALL. OK, nothing special for Elected Officials
EVEN THE BIBLE SAID THIS THESE THINGS MUST PASS!  IN THE EYES OF GOD THIS IS THE ONLY WAY! ALWAYS LOVE GOD NO MATTER WHAT! SHOW GOD UNITY!
Why do you need government health insurance? Jesus will heal you if you put enough in the collection plate.
SENATOR I AM SORRY GOD USED ME TO TEST YOU! WHAT WOULD YOU HAVE GOD DO? TAKE ACTION WITHOUT KNOWING THE TRUTH!
Why not universal?
You have to be a bot. Your tweets are so sterile and predictable.
Ya will you also use the same health care plan you want for the masses or will you keep your gold plated health plan
National debt officially topped 20 trillion today. Trillion with a T. How ya gonna pay for this juicy little entitlement?
Yeah, that'll do it.
Healthcare isn't an entitlement, it's a necessity. Just like social security
I fear you guys (Dems) are making a huge mistake. The pendulum doesn't swing from far right to far left.  Jeopardizing 2018/2020. FIX ACA!
Healthcare is nationalised and free for all in many countries that are not "far left" don't let the right dictate what "far left" is
The reality is different than what is perceived. Our view is pendulum won't swing that far in 2/4yrs
Fixing/stabilizing the ACA is a great step in the right direction.
Isnt Medicare going bankrupt ?? Theybe already borrowed from this fund to the point its drying up. How can it be used for all??
thank you for supporting  #Kamalacare and appreciate all that you amazing women do
Not for nothing, but at what cost?
How did the MOAB cost again? Just to terrorize innocents?
Here's how we pay for it - stop bombing middle eastern and African countries.
Don't include Bernie.
Thank you for supporting this
Rather have my taxes go for this than some bs wall n tRUMPS fkn vacations
Clue in politics. You know the answer. During the Trump era. You know the Trump & the Right Wing want to give
Tax cut for the wealthy, Mitch McConnell want to repeal Affordable Care Act give it to the wealthy & more. Bob Muller investigation on
Donald Trump / Putin probe. Meddling the 2016 election. Correct. Anything can happen. Saying
Who is going to pay for it?
Everyone collectively. It's how health care should be.
Nope nope nope!  Keep your hands out of my damn pockets..you want healthcare?  Go to work and earn it!
And those who can't afford it? What happens to them?
That's seems like a sum of life decisions to me....this is the land of the free!  Further your education, work extra hours. Whatever it take
As if that were an option for all.
It sure is.... two things you need to do...1. Want it!  2. Get off your ass and get it!
I cant afford medicare. But get back to me as soon you restore fair elections.
With you - fund it like SS.  All pay for their lifespan.  Fair
Or adults could be responsible and pay for their own healthcare without a bureaucratic middleman.
