If true, that comes out to millions of dollars per transgendered military member. Seems like an ROI only a member of Congress could love.
That is utter bullshit
If we are spending 100's of millions on every American soldier then the military is broken.
If they're spending so much on trans soldiers they're spending as much on other soldiers trans soldiers don't cost so much more.
Of course they do. The hormones alone are $15,000 per year.
And this  in the WH is using them to as red meat to throw to his bigoted base.
And the one who dodged the draft and has no children who served says NO trans can't serve
Please Supply a list of Democrats who have served bravely in the military that are now congresspersons senators or it held the presidency
Do the same for republicans
General Kelly General Mathias Senator Mike Coffman just to name a few
Lawsuits coming
What are you going to sue for? Claim that the President isn't really the "Commander in Chief"? Silly leftists.
Bullshit. Total bullshit. Show us the numbers Kristen!
Obama courting transgenders into military is the problem now we have to get rid of them
Because Obozo forced the policy on the Pentagon. Since when is policy of one admin immutable by another? Waste of $$. Best used elsewhere.
It should not be possible for that lunatic excuse for a president to undo all that hard work with a squiggle of his tiny hand #ImpeachTrump
What's done with phone and pen can be undone with phone and pen. Obama didn't think he needed legislative authority. Reap what you sow.
I think you're a bot and/or a troll. Blocked
I expect an all out blitz against this. There is no reason for this except that trump and his lizard brain base are bigots.
Poor darling! Military policy is the sole purview of the executive branch. The President is the "Commander in Chief".
When U get to this liars town hall, tell her there were no trans in military B4 O approved in Jan 2017.  Did it on way out to duck backlash!
Hundreds of millions since Jan 2017?  Can U see the manipulation?  U will spend hundreds of millions if U don't sop offering 2 pay 4 transtn
Liar! Liar! Transgenders wer not approved until Jan 2017.  Estimated between 1300-1600, recent enlistees because they want free surgery.
That is a bold face lie!  # of transgenders in military is 1,320-6,600.  Difficult to say because Obama just approved upon leaving office.
Pass prohibitive legislation, or wait for the law suit.
I am willing to fight and die for my country.  I am too old apparently but super fit. ageism not glamorous cause vs trans, really ?
Since when have you ever been a budget hawk? Your philosophy is "tax & spend"!
Political attacks on transgender servicemen/women is shameful & should be overturned immediately by Congress Pg 113 https://www.amazon.com/Common-Mans-Voice-Be-Difference/dp/0692921427/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1503669052&sr=8-1&keywords=a+common+man%27s+voice …
I sure hope we did not invest hundreds of mil to have 6k military personnel.
Trump cares why? Hes all about showing racism while flexing his puney presidential muscles!!!
..just skip to the part "transgender service members willing to fight and die for this country" (unless they've got bone spurs or big $)
your compassion is appreciated but this nation is facing more crucial issues now. this issue won't win back senate.
BS
We find it to be disgusting that anyone willing to stand up for this country would be kicked out. If it happens, they have a place with us.
If they want to come volunteer with our nonprofit and serve others by looking for missing persons, we would welcome them with open arms.
And they shouldn't have.
Yep. It's time to STOP SPENDING!
That's an awful lot on such an extremely small population. Perhaps we are spending too much on them.
#MayIRemindTheGentleLady
that the
#13AmendmentAppliesTo
#AllAmericansEqually
#InvoluntaryServitude and
#PeopleAsProperty
#AreBanned
Hundreds of millions??? Seriously?  Just how many Trans are we talking about?
In 1 year and 2 months ? Perhaps we should do an audit to see if it's fiscally viable to continue 
Suppose there are brave men and women serving in military that aren't comfortable fighting next to transgenders. Are they bigots?
trump you are out of your Fucken Mind !!'
Get out of your progressive bubble and get real.  Your hurting Americas ability to fight with your silly political correctness crap
You need to get your facts straight senator.  If your info is right then we are spending way way too much to create trany soldiers.
Source?
Please don't confuse trump and his cult followers with the facts.
I'm still reeling that our Pres thinks twitter is the way to communicate this information. It's so disgusting and disrespectful to soldiers
Yet veterans have to wait weeks and months for healthcare because refugees come first in your eyes.  Hypocrite.
Send his children to die for the country instead
Oh never mind I forgot about the bone spurs. I'm pretty sure it's genetic
Once again - the military is NOT a social experiment play ground for liberals to mess with.
Bullshit. If they are willing to fight and die why should they care about some ongoing sex issue
Funny that it is always the Taxpayer that must invest hundreds of miliions of dollars for diversity in America. Why do we pay the cost?
Senator do you mean hundreds of millions to recruit & train capable & skilled soldiers including transgender individuals?
Or specifically transgender individuals. Thanks for the clarification. I agree we must abolish/prevent hateful policy against any citizen.
Maybe Obama should have thought of that BEFORE using the military to run a 'progressive' social experiment.
Thank you for your support of the LGBT community.
Kirsten Gillibrand- You never talk about the murder rate in Chicago, is there a reason? Don't you care?
Taxpayers will no longer invest hundreds of millions of dollars for social experimentation and sex changes. #MAGA
Waste of $
THIS IS LIKE McAuliffe lying about 93 million people per day dying from gun violence in Virginia.  MORE LIBERAL LIES
Is that something that every taxpayer wants to pay for is the question?
Much rather pay for that that weekly visits to Mar-A-lago
I don't like paying for mar-a-lago either!!! what else?
NO WE HAVEN'T. THIS IS A LIE. PROVE IT.   
I SPENT 25 YEARS IN THE MILITARY AS AN ENLISTED SOLDIER AND OFFICER AND I KNOW YOU ARE LYING
Rub it in.
Another Obama dumbass decision  w no thought to costs. American taxpayers should not foot the bill for enormous TG medical & rehab expenses
Hundreds of millions 
The US military is not a social experiment.
All need to read National Preservation or National Perversion.on Amazon.Ask the people?
Taxpayers have invested hundreds of millions to give transgenders operations to switch genders, think they join just to get them free
Yes
"Exactly Kirsten! Look how much money we could save if we didn't have this social experiment" - Right wingers @ this tweet.
Doesn't matter much if they are non deployable...just paying them to do nothing.
I rate this claim as FALSE>
Since there are only a few thousand I'd say this is a really bad ROI.
I mean, I get the message you're trying to send, but this is sort of the GOP talking point: We spend too much on trans- in military.
Hundreds of millions?  How many do we have?
Thank you for being their advocate. New York is fortunate to have you represent us.
Supply your source for those figures, please.
False
and the "president" dodged the draft.  Sad!
So did Clinton? And?
Absolutely correct!!!!  The idiocy of throwing away these talented, loyal people to kiss the ass of the Alt Right, not to mention Bigotry!!!
Yes but why aren't you fighting for the asthmatics and diabetics that want to join?
