Excellent explanation that everyone can understand.  How on Earth does this bill help the American people? Are R's even reading it?
How that 'big fking deal' work out 4 u?
It made insurance companies actually cover healthcare. Essential Health Benefits. Google them.
It made proud Americans who used2proudly pay4their own h/c have to go hat in hand to the gov4subsidies2buy insurance they didn't need
Yeah, you dont need it until well you do.  Definition of insurance. Also, I kinda give a shit about helping out other people.
Obviously u don't give 2shids about the people who r our future generations who r going2have2pay4today's adults who refuse2pay4themselves
If there is little protection for people with preexisting conditions or lifetime caps there will be no future generation....
U listen to the haters who want this admisteation2fail There is$$$4 pre-ex&high risk, they r lying2u
Who made him the authority on health care.
Wow, so now we are looking to the guy who used to be on The Man Show for his opinions on healthcare. I wonder what @RealCarrotTop thinks.
I notice you're not shy about offering YOUR opinion on anything.
@jimmykimmel is a parent. That makes him qualified right off the bat.
#ACA
I just like to call out Hypicrisy when I see it. Kimmel isn't on Obamacare and haven't heard one lib speak of its problems.
Perhaps you're not listening hard enough.
*Hypocrisy
Appropriate that a "comedian" is chosen, somehow, to explain DEM points.
But Dennis Miller's OK, amirite?
I used to cringe when he came on O'Reilly's show.  He's the unfunniest of the so-called comics.  Tries way too hard.
Thank you Jimmy Kimmel for caring. That seems to be something our congress lacks.
MSM + Hollywood carrying all the water for the out of touch Democrat party. Any wonder your party is losing bigly?
Yeah. We really should base out domestic policy off of the guidelines of a late night comedian. Brilliant
Hmmm.  Isnt our president a former reality star?
"Whimsy" Graham. 

So glad Jimmy Kimmel is speaking out. He is using a public platform for GOOD, not to foment division and hate. Bravo!
Except maybe not Alaskans??
I liked my plan, wanted to keep my plan, lost my plan AND had to pay penalty! You KNEW this #liar You have NO credibility on healthcare!
I'm waiting for the Tosh.0 analysis of the Bill.
BDS will okay antiSemitism, but Jews aren't important.  Right?  That's your message, isn't it?
Maybe @jimmykimmel and the rest of the Hollywood elite can move to Europe where the government decides if your allowed to treat you baby.
JK isn't a doc, hasn't read the bill, but is a 2 bit comic lying about ANY baby being refused heart surgery in this country.

My mom's story.

#Medicaid cuts effect real people. People who can't just "get a job." Understand that a hand-up isn't always a…
What are you doing? Only focus on helping illegals.
I don't remember when he was elected to public office, can you clarify?
Perspective with his infant son's issues.  AMA, AARP, R govs, the list is long of nonsupporters of bill.
I thought @jimmykimmel had a comedy show, when did he move to @CNN
When u hate people or the person the health care is name after, which isn't the real name. The Affordable Care Act. R just hateful people. 
HERE AGAIN!!! Dont they LISTEN??!!! 1913-2017 Nothings Changed!
Keep it up
Please let your staffers tell constituents where you stand on Graham-Cassidy. My calls with them have been bewildering.
So I guess I missed his monologue about the millions that lost their coverage or costs skyrocketed because of the ACA.
How come he wasn't upset when we were promised $2500 less per family a year 6 yrs ago and we can keep our plan? Such hypocrisy
I vote in NY.  You can reference his girls jumping on trampolines bit next.
All the comedians need to speak out in a no holds barred factual monologue that lambastes the GOP for being complicit in Trump immaturity
If you take political/healthcare advice from a talkshow host, you shouldn't vote.
Republicans, please stop making Jimmy Kimmel do this. This is like the third time and he looks really tired.
At least try to be a senator, find a better source for your argument. P.S. I didn't vote for @realDonaldTrump so find a better comeback
TROOPS WE HAVE ONLY 10 DAYS TO STOP REPEAL OF ACA. 9/30 IS DEADLINE HIT IT! TELL SENATORS TO VOTE NO! HIT SENATE GALLERY! HALLWAY! GO GO GO!
@BillCassidy & @LindseyGrahamSC are LIARS and for what, @realDonaldTrump's favor. People will remember you tried to take away healthcare.
Bravo Mr. Kimmel. Thank you @SenGillibrand for sticking up for all who need you to cont to fight for us. 
ACA harms more
#repealobamacare
not affected by not having healthcare
but I have to pay a penalty if i don't 
#bullshit
You're using an entertainer as an info source? You really are a completely useless representative.
Because he is known for his political acumen
When I left a message for Sen. Cassidy, his assistant had no idea how soon he would be unemployed. Sad.
He's great and I hope he can help stop this but I find it sad that Dem politician can do no more than retweet a late night talk show host
FYI @SenGillibrand he is an effin' comedian! Meanwhile you and other Liberals continue to ignore how illegal immigration harms Americans too
She needs those votes to win. Her and the rest of the Dems.
When you and Jimmy Kimmel have to live with Obamacare , the way working people do-high premiums & higher deductibles, then I will listen.
Figures u would admire ignorance and lies.
Isn't he just the cutest thing, likes to use the same dirty words @SenGillibrand likes to use
The fact that you shared this makes me even more happy you're my senator.
I'm old enough to remember when Late Night TV was funny.
Also inadvertently explains why for-profit companies might need lifetime caps if you don't require the healthy to participate
Quit crying
Does he actually know what hes talking about? The different side per senator Cassidy this morning -this is Democrat talking points
But he is wrong. More fake news.
Right On Jimmy&KG! I'm proud that ur not dropping the ball 4 families. Using ur platform 4 us citizens that r being abused by GREED/STATUS
is what the countries you mentioned have.
We need #MedicareForAll @jimmykimmel  stop saying we need affordable healthcare. You're confusing the issue. Universal healthcare
Those other countries don't have profit based insurance companies they have universal healthcare.
Jimmy did you actually read the entire bill? BTW we had healthcare before the ACA screwed it all up.
Listening to a clown. Makes sense Senator.
Yes cause a millionaire really knows the price middle America pays.  SMH
Or senators who have the best insurance, for life, that our tax dollars pay for.
Who should we listen to?  The Reality TV show host President?
OK how about the general welfare clause. There is nothing to say that will convince anyone their welfare is assured right now. get fucked
Is that important to you, that states have a right to health but their citizens dont? The Constitution does not answer todays needs.
How could it-it couldnt anticipate our culture or institutions. Either you know that and are obstinate or you dont and are obtuse. Drop it
ANOTHER LIBTARTED PAWN...
Thank you Jimmy!I am a 2006 double lung transplant survivor. Without pre existing condition coverage I could die.
That's right. Late night comedians should be deciding what bills to vote and not vote on. This is how you got trump!
Actually a father with a sick child who may depend on this insurance for their child to live is the perfect person to speak to it.
Just a desperate cry, not for health care, but for failing ratings.  Kimmel should understand the policy before he rants.
I'm so sick of @GOP & how they pretend 2 want to help us! Cut funding to poor, cut healthcare, voter suppression, gerrymandering and on!
Democrat talking points per CNN MSNBC and newspapers. If they are so correct, why are there 68 million deplorables?  11/8/16
He's a talk show host. Wow. You people will listen to any idiot
says the person supporting a reality show host...
Kimmel, should take 2 task Calif, NY, & other states opting 4 unaffordable MC expansion.Financially prudent states shouldn't  CYA.
Pre ACA, I had a high deductible catastrophic plan & an HSA to spend on my choice of MD. Now very expensive insurance and a limited network.
Sorry to hear that Robert!  We're against high deductibles too.
I liked my high deductible plan. I didn't prepay for health care I didn't consume, but it covered the high cost of an emergency surgery.
That's great, taking direction from a scripted comic, sort of like taking orders from a senior senator when you are an appointed JR senator
Jimmy get Obamacare like me. You won't talk like this. So sad 
Amazing. Thank you, Senator Gillibrand, and thank you, @JimmyKimmelLive
Apropos the voice of the Lib Socialists are a crappy comedian & a Nazi- Soros. I have not seen this dude since Girls Jumping on Trampolines!
It’s so important for a wealthy famous celebrity who’s recently had a major health scare in his family to say these things
A tremendous advocate for sh*tty Obamacare which he does not even have. Neither do you Senator. Both out of touch with everyday Americans.
Yeah we get our news from late-night comics who are liberal mouthpieces. Sad a Democrat Senator uses that new source
Jimmy never gave two chits when the ppl who work got deductibles of 10,000 jimmy is a dem shill
Wow let's all listen to a hack comedian to get our news.
Like him you never check out the facts. You use lies to push your false agenda and help bankrupt America.
Please run for president Kirsten. We need you.
She hasn't accomplished ANYTHING for New Yorkers. She is a swamp dweller like cryin Chuck.
All Dems had2doin 2010 was create a pool for high risk&uninsured(20-30 million)&cleave the rest of us alone, but they wanted total control
Um, that part of ACA you're bitching about was literally taken from conservative think tank. The deplorables are really poorly educated.
Dems know all about harming millions of Americans...that point I will concede
This needs to be shared far and wide. Call your reps, people!
@SenateMajLdr hasn't emptied his mailbox. Never does
U and your democrats harmed millions when you passed your Obamacare tax, it was NEVER  about Healthcare, and still isn't! Get real! Stop BS!
My new cost was going to be 1300 a month. My 19 year old is almost $500. I dropped my coverage so I could afford my daughters.
Yeah right..from yet another whinny b**tch who doesn't have to use Obamacare. Lady pleaseeeeeeeeeeeee!
Just Democratic propaganda. Once again looking to screw the taxpayers.
Please retweet this- let's here from more celebrities
Joking right? Why would anyone listen to the elitist class who wants to keep it that way? Why dont you ask them what ins they have?

Just like @jimmykimmel and @JoeNBC, every celebrity has the DUTY to politicize their message. Americans are under attack by the @GOP
