EPA administrator: Trump to sign order that will roll back US power plant regulations http://cnn.it/2mHXL8V  
Since POTUS is being investigated, all of his legislation should be stopped.
it's not legislation, it's being done by executive order. These shitheels in the House will help him, though
Sadly I agree but he needs to be stopped. If this was Hillary, she'd already be impeached.
Hillary actually committed crimes. Numerous ones.
when and where?
there was only one above her, stonewalling, cover ups innocent does not make.  Your not even trying.
don't believe everything you hear from other wingnuts. It will make you act crazy and afraid.
Many of These had major press time, investigations and court cases, not rumors, gotta read.
cheaper power??? Oh no!!!
your tone deaf tweet says it all.
your divisive profile picture says it all
divisive? You clearly don't know what that means. But that seems to be a theme with Conservatives. Troll
your pic is depicting anyone who has reservations about Islam is a kkk member. How is that not divisive?
not do you understand the irony of the image
the irony was not lost to me. Obviously it is not all it is saying. Hence the previous tweets.
no, it is clearly lost on you and your empty tweets prove it along w/ you not knowing what "divisive" is
@cnn let's start by building a power plant near mar-a-lago
Pollutants in the air can worsen many medical condtions and everyone's quality of life.  What can we do to stop the gutting of the EPA?
@Scout_Finch 
Not surprising. VP has asserted that cigarette smoking is not harmful. Like a 'lil smoke will do the body good.
@Magdaletou look at them all though, it's apparent in the way they take care of themselves! Pasty flabby veiny bulbous yucks
.@SenGillibrand We need to start a class action lawsuite. If the GOP Senate won't defend our lives we must consider this a terroristic act.

Again, those who have a complete disregard for human life (abortion) cannot feign caring about human health.
It's called Jobs. Oh some of us work & defend this country rather than pass judgement on little people.
thank senator -- trump just does not care. he is only in this game to enrich himself. he must be stopped...thank you for your efforts!
And disregard for agricultural yields too...
Truly sickening and for those of us who are using solar,geothermal, hybrids, very disheartening only to be counteracted by 45
Thank you for standing against this atrocity!!!

do something !
@LindaBolt2 Narcissist do not care about anybody but themselves. Including their own children or grand children.
oh shut it Gilli! Everything is bad for Children, Seniors, etc. Your Cloward-Piven strategy is over. For now.
Wonder if dirty air and water will kill more Americans than terrorists.
Finally, a little common sense. The EPA has been over-regulating, over-burdening the people for far too long.
Idiot Trump has to breathe the same air we all do. Wealth and priviledge are not protections
Ooops privledge
How do constituents continue to vote for ppl who care nothing about their Health, somebody enlighten me please.
with cuts at NIH & CDC, the end game is that we all get sick and die. At least they failed at taking away health insurance.
Dems must gain more seats in the 2018 election. We have work to do!
@DemLibs astoundn n deed! Ive asked a million times "y does 45* & his admin want 2 hurt the Amer ppl opposed 2 protectn us?"
@lehimesa What r you doing about it? Where is independent comm? Grand jury? NO SCOTUS
@ddonigernrdc He is certifiably crazy. He is running our country into the ground and beyond for his personal gain!
#DEPLORABLE these men have families. Where is their concern 4 them? Generation Z may have no Great Coral Reefs to vacation 2.
@kreativekell   Most @POTUS actions to date have fovored the corporate coffers of the banking/financial and industrial  folks
more than just iron lungs, Trumpster will bring us nuclear waste and a cancerous end. #impeach #resist
is there really nothing Congress can do to stop this travesty?
that's the work of a sick man
No clean air/water.  No need for #ACA/Social Security.  All dead.  Planet uninhabitable.
@RanchDressingTN @CNN Don't they realize that even their children living in penthouses and mansions will be affected?
@195650 Please stop the insanity 
This is terrible!
@SenKamalaHarris @SenWarren @SenBrianSchatz this is yet another fight worth fighting.  Please!!
so why aren't the democrats filibustering Gorsuch and calling for sessions' resignation?
I agree completely. I remember Love Canal Rocky Flats and more. Please get your colleagues in Congress to work with you!
complete disregard for humans are democrats taxing people
Trump should put his mouth up to the exhaust pipe of a car, breathe and see how bad carbon pollution is to humans.
The question is is trump human, he needs tintake a drug test and summit DNA
Well, there is that!
@prichardsonla the EPA goes overboard on its regulations. No one wants dirty air or water, but things have to be reasonable.
In palos verdes (Wilmington plant) california the conoco refinery has 5 times incresed it production.
@rachbarnhart how much pollution is created by all these posts? phones/tablets need electricity
"as·tound·ing - surprisingly impressive or notable." Neither impressive, nor surprising. Offensive, selfish, grotesque: yes.
thank you for continuing to #resist
Does he have stock in power cos and/or coal?
He does plus energy stocks have soared since his Presidency. We're all gonna be sick and have no healthcare.
Hopefully the ill-fated #Trumptanic has set sail!
Truly shocking and unbelievably senseless. Rolling back these regulations is shortsighted and harmful to all of us
so many short sighted. Money in your pocket will do you no good when there is no clean air to breathe.
@CNN don't they realize they will be breathing the same poisonous air as we will?!
@rachbarnhart @realDonaldTrump The air we breathe, the water we drink are essential to life. Don't pollute America's future!
how do we create the power? @SenGillibrand @rachbarnhart @realDonaldTrump
Waiting on best way to produce power? @SenGillibrand @rachbarnhart @realDonaldTrump
The Dems did nothing to stop skyrocketing electric rates.  Now they piss and moan when the right does.
If you and your fanatical friends were more even handed and cared about lost jobs this wouldn't have been necessary.
@ealight461 It's incomprehensible to me. Absolutely incomprehensible.
there should be mass outrage about this. #Resistance
This is disastrous for our earth. All the ecological progress we've made over the last 50 years will be decimated.
Stop the one sided drama, where are you for all the other problems which affect humans even more, i.e. Illegal immigrants?
This is horrible disregard for our health, our future and our planet. We are going back to the dark ages.
@soapdemon34 astounding
letting immigrants bring diseases into America  is TRULY ASTOUNDING
Selling out our planet for Corp profit.
This is simply insane.
Any person (DJT) who wants to poison air for their grandchildren & the planet is sick sick sick @Potus
@CNN So NYS won't regard human health? You NEED the Federal gov't???
greed it's disgusting
Trump won't be happy until American cities look just like Beijing. Unregulated pollution is a criminal assault on Americans.
@KMR31871 @realDonaldTrump It is astounding in that it will also effect Trump, his kids, & their kids. Shortsighted much? 
@debra_hendler  OK the ECs need to stop he has no legitimacy or authority and why in Congress putting up with this?
These people have NO SHAME and will do anything for a quick buck. Impeach POTUS now.
Rhetorical question but not really: WHY does the GOP not seem to consider the future, even for their OWN children?
THANK YOU for your leadership and staying strong through all this mess. WE WILL PREVAIL! How soon for #impeachment?
Maybe @realdonaldtrump will sign order 2 allow smoking in elementary schools & hospitals. It's not like the science is settled there, right?
agreed.  i now spend half of my days on the phone complaining about trump related evil.  he needs to go.  traitor to USA
Please lead. 1other point, is there any correlation between crime and illegals or is this a canard to appear tough & stupid?
@Chris_Gammell The inability to objectively reject both Obama's and Trump's illegal executive orders is astounding.
As a teen in 1970, I stood for hours in Riverside brown smog 4 petitions signed for the Clean Air Act. Do not go backwards!
Other part in the GOP's WAR on America. Clear air is only important if you want to breath!
Keep the light on the health implications of this decision. We will all pay for this even if you don't live near a plant.
@POTUSguide I would argue that it is deplorable just like our president.
I disagree @SenGillibrand
Not disregard for human health
Disregrd 4ALL helpless creatures
Frm fish in the sea 2birds in sky 2Dems on theHill
@SenatorTomUdall @MartinHeinrich @repbenraylujan It's obvious it's about money over health/our planet. He has to be stopped!
@enckj @SenSchumer 
cut Regs,Budgets, leaving key posts empty is outrageous. Is there no reg that says EPA must use #Science?
Keep up the good fight. There is no common ground for compromise with this administration.
Republicans, how is this good for America? You're destroying this country with your myopic and regressive policies.
Oligarchs have allegiance only to one another. Sh*t hits the fan they will fly to the Swiss Alps. Putin, Trump & friends.
this impacts us all. Do they think they breathe different air?
they don't care if people get sick and die.
@JackieSKnight
@realDonaldTrump (70!) soon will be eliminated by nature and nature will take back what he took
astounding disregard for human health in every decision coming out of this administration. When does impeachment start?
Someone should tell them what the "P" in EPA stands for. @EPA
@SierraClub if you are OK with this, you are part of the problem. THERE IS NOTHING WRONG W/CLEAN JOBS& CLEAN AIR #morons
why do we not get to vote on things concerning our well-being?
that election was held November 9 2016. Fully one third eligible voters stayed home.
this should go to Congress, not an executive order.
@CNN she posts on her electrically charged device that we need to cut back .
destroyer of everything good.
What will Senate democrats be doing in response?
Sadly, they don't have a plan and their modus operandi is defensive not proactive.
@SierraClub As usual with Republicans, corporate health is more important than human health.
I don't think they know what #climatejustice means
impeach him now.
There must be a blance between the need for cheaper power and protecting our air and water. I dont think this is it.
According to @DrJillStein and @SusanSarandon  and @GreenPartyUS  this isn't a big deal at all...
@marcylauren There MUST be a legal way to stop Trump from destroying years&years of hard work and progress.
keep fighting for us
this administration needs to be stopped. They are going to bring us back to the 70's pollution standards.
.@SenGillibrand It's terrible. We need clean air and clean water. You can't undo damage like this.
Does he seriously think billionaires are immune to pollution?
https://youtu.be/SiabeNR_q0U 
In this crazy world???
We need you in that White House.
So the caring President replaces Trumpcare with Trumpair. Breath in the smoke and die....
same with health "care" debate!!! Just a rich white guy/insurance company/political party squabble
stick another check in the Orange ones pockets.
If this is the most detrimental action against Americans from this administration, I'll be pleasantly surprised.
law suits with financial penalties needed again
all our gains erased for big business!
Too many regulations, stop business.
name 4
what in the world is wrong with these morons? Heartbreaking.
Trump is an environmental terrorist! The law has to protect the people of this world over profits!
Elections have consequences. A harsh lesson for @theDemocrats and Americans to learn, indeed.
He is a science denier. "Chinese Hoax" but he will make our air as bad as China's.
you would think his kids and grand kids would matter .  Trump is such a loser
#IMPEACHMENT needs to happen SOON! This idiotic ignoramous is destroying the world w/ his selfish actions all to benefit himself! #impeach
What could justify this move. I don't get it.
they want to privatize VA. Stop that
Any company that thinks this won't be reinstated as soon as we put an intelligent person back in office is making a mistake.
astounding or criminal?
so now asthma sufferers will just sue power plants?
