This fight isn't over. I've turned my amendment into a bipartisan bill & introduced it with @SenJohnMcCain, @SenatorCollins, & @SenJackReed
It's time to urge your member of Congress to support this bill. Speak up for our trans service members who deserve to stay in uniform.
You'll live.  Have another doughnut with that diet pepsi.
@realDonaldTrump doesn't give a flying shit about trans, or McConnell so will probably do a reverse just to get even. Two unscrupulous fucks
Thgsjw
Hey Jimmy! You a Nazi that says "Heil Trump"? He did to you what he did to his pants!
Oh Jimmy how you are duped.  Perhaps you are seeing the world wearing Arabian goggles
Ohh ffs Jimmy is a troll.
I'm outraged w/ #NeoLiberal Senators @CoryBooker @elizabethforma voting to waste even more money on our wars & #MilitaryIndustrialCompleex
I've always found that outrage is the best response when I don't get my way. Glad to know it works for you as well.
That's amazingly selfish of him... and to think he keeps on saying that he is neutral and kind and all.
Awful
Thank you for voting nay on enormous military spending. You consistently show courage, moral strength. You actually give me hope in despair
That's nuts. Why do people have to hate what they don't understand? Rhetorical.
Hey, Sugartits, I'm more outraged that we have allowed people with a 40% suicide attempt rate to have access to weapons.
I'm saddened by lack of common courtesy and respect in portions of our govt
Keep fighting!
Thank you for all your strength! I can't wait to vote for you again! OPPOSE new GOP attempt at repeal!
This is NOT how to run a government.  USA now a Dictatorship .  Taxpayers did not vote for corrupt wannabe dictators.  Hell NO!!!
I appreciate you so much, Senator Gillibrand. Proud that you are from my state.
If they don't want the position in public office kick them out.  Find people who will serve the public.
Damn it's their country let them fight if they want
He does not get democracy
@SenGillibrand whinny liberal outrage is what put @POTUS in the @WhiteHouse and why Republicans control both chambers. Keep it up
Military is a fighting Mackin not a social cauldron. Of you're confused who you are you don't need to be on battlefield.
Sadly this shouldn’t be up for debate. I will continue to give them my ongoing support.
Quite a democracy eh???
This administration has YET to hit rock bottom, but they are awfully close!  Every poor decision will lead to their demise!  Keep watching
Just think a treasonous coward who never served wants to say who can
Precisely correct!  The co-dependent @GOP continually hopes that @realDonaldTramp will change, but every "beating" gives #trump confidence.
#DonaldTrump and his "associates" verbally and legally #abuse anyone of lesser perceived power such as #minorities, #women and #immigrants.

Yes
It's the voluntary military. Stop it!
McConnell is nothing but an old mean person who should retire and allow someone who cares more about the people than the money in his pocket
Good for you, I'm so glad you're outraged, I feel the same way with ACA. How dare you FORCE me to buy something I don't want?
Good.
Power can be corrupter of limited character... And so it was again, some more in McConnell
You are out of your mind. Fighting enemies is 1st priority for military. Everything else is a distraction. Blending gender is last on list.
@SenateMajLdr McConnell - shame on you. Playing politics with people's lives AGAIN. Protect trans military rights!
Leave it to the republicans to screw the citizens
Too bad.  Get out of the Democrapic party.
He has no soul.
Here's hoping his head explodes from the pressure.
Thank you for standing up -and fighting for rights that are truly right!
Keep fighting for us!
Don't give up.
We all should be
What are you afraid of Leader-in-Name-Only @SenateMajLdr ?? 8 years of obstruction & nonsense weren't enough?? People of KY deserve better!!

Nothing else is so low.  Thanks!
There is no rule of decorum that old koot won't break.  Let's see what happens when the Ds take the Senate back.
Whaa Whaa you don't even know Defence Means your an Accident NYers have to deal with
So disgusting!  Keep up the good fight
Congress needs to expel @SenateMajLdr from Congress, he has done nothing but hurt America and it's people instead of helping them.
I cannot and will not support a Socialist. Those who voted for you didn't vote for a Socialist. You have betrayed MY voters.
i like it when you're outraged, you are a wrecking ball!
@gop = @realDonaldTrump Scumbags!  History will remember them in the same context as George Wallace.
You seem to believe you are still operating in a true democracy but unfortunately GOP is doing all it can to curtail certain rights
Thank you for fighting for American soldiers serving & those that want to serve. They're not just LBGTQ they are vital to our country.
@SenateMajLdr seems to break laws then forcibly change them to remain "innocent". When will Mueller focus on his involvement in #RussiaGate
We Trans service members and the defense bill must be done.
Kleptocracy in full effect.
As you should be! Do something about this!
@SenMajLdr is the worst!  Still obstructing. What do the people he works for want? Sad!
Single payer crusade right now is a huge mistake, should be letting Republicans burn selves w/ Repeal disaster
Congress is totally out of control!
Me too! I gues US is no longer a democracy......
McConnell was elected on funds from Russians. On this: we should all be outraged. He is an agent of a hostile foreign government.
Make America Great 'Again', dump #Trump, #PaulAynRyan, #MitchDaBitchMcConnell and their autocratic band of sycophants #MAGA
SAD!  We need to make sure all are allowed to serve this country with dignity and respect.
Agree.  How come the word outraged doesn't seem 2 begin 2 describe what we really feel anymore ?
You people need to lock McConnell in the basement.
Saying I'm outraged isn't worth 2 squirts of monkey piss prove it n out them for their self serving interests at American expenses or don't
Stop with the Medicare for All -foil the ACA
I have a comment/opinion about that,but I'd probably be arrested.
THESE PEOPLE ARE #NAZIS AND THE SOONER THE DEMS CATCH ON THE BETTER OFF USA WILL BE!
You all need a parliamentarian .... neutral.  And preferably one who k ow Roberts Rules of Order.
He is self-serving and often plays the victim. The epitome of term limits, if you ask me. @SenGillibrand, feel free to put him in his place!
this is why we vote for you, @SenGillibrand
@SenateGOP this kind of bs is going to cost all of u your jobs
What is to be done with our outrage?  
So am I! Keep fighting!
Actually I am glad your outraged and wish more in DC felt the same. Part of our problem is we don't train citizen like Israel that require>
>military service to give each one a sense of pride instead of our ppl having a sense of entitlement which leads to the abuses we see daily
@JohnCornyn @tedcruz Keep YOUR religious beliefs out of USA's laws. Trans persons deserve respect & honor for their service.
Thank you! Keep fighting!
McConnell is a dishonest philistine who's made himself rich from lobbyists and Russian money
Thank you Senator --  keep your foot on the gas.  Standing with you.
Mitch MCConnell is a disgrace
You & other Senators and Reps like you are why I still have faith in our Congress. Stay strong....we got your six!!
You sound Surprised (?) of Course, he did. let the Outrage go and DO SOMETHING About it
Sen. McConnell and his GOP buddies will be replaced in 2018 and their reign of terror will end! #VotingDemocratsIn2018
Ridiculous
Of course he did. He's execrable.
B/c being in power for @SenateMajLdr means abusing it. Neither history nor voters will forget cruelty #Resist #TransRightsAreHumanRights
What democracy?
Outraged, but not surprised I'm sure. Thank you for keeping up the good fight.
Repubs ignorance will be the death of the United States if we can't unite to stop them. Please raise your voice!
Let 'em have it! Thank you for notifying us. Wish more Senators would do so...
Well, don't you know Mitch is an obstructionist sack of shit? He is a shallow little man.
Why ? Dems and Republicans haven't succeeded at anything but making me regret voting for anyone ever again. You people keep dropping the 
I AM SO GODDAMN SICK OF THIS INSTITUTIONAL RACISM. Especially by so called “christians”
Keep calling out these guys Senator Gillibrand. Hold these jokesters accountable
Why not just eliminate the Department of Defense. Last I checked it was getting its ass kicked all over the planet, just ask the Taliban
In the not so long ago olden days bi-partisan cooperation wasn't considered betrayal. It was considered the definition of the job
Please confront senator McWattel and say "gobble gobble gobble!"
It's time Mitch McConnell stopped running the show in Washington & got fitted for his coffin. He's a bigot & friend 2 billionaire lobbyist 
Less than 1 percent of the population thinks they're trans. .03 percent. Why must special rules be made for this minute population?
Me, too. McConnell has abused his power so many times. He should lose his job...
Keep up the fight!!
Understand completely!! He is an embarrassment to our state! Total jerk!
So is everyone. Show us some balls and lets take all the levers of govt back! Gillibrand/Kennedy 2020
Love you Sen Gillibrand!! Please keep fighting 4 all of us!! I know you will!!
Senator Gillibrand he has been paid well by Russian entities and he and his cohorts need to be dealt with.
Cause McConnell knew he'd lose.  Hold the vote outside
I'm telling you, it's like shoveling doo doo against the tide.  GOP has gone crazy.
This is equivalent to that spoiled kid everyone knew growing up, who took away his ball & bat and stopped the game when he started losing.
Win a majority
It is past time being outraged and unfortunately McConnell needs corporal punishment  because he is a hated-based human
yeah, but you're not surprised, right?  this is very standard for Turtle Head
We are with you @SenGillibrand - DON'T STOP!
YOU expected fairness from HIM?  I'm stunned.
.@SenateMajLdr has got to go. Time for turtle soup
REMOVE McConnell From Public Office He IS BOUGHT & sells OUT Democracy

He was upset to learn it didn't cover trans-species. #HumanTurtleRights
That's mostly because he's an asshole
...but not surprised. Hold on to your hats folks, regular order has just left the building
Typical McConnell - he has no backbone and is a bigoted, racist excuse of a man.  Please fight back!
SO ARE WE! Start impeachment proceedings now!!!! We're over this crook & con. Call congress 202-224-3121 NOW!!!
Good for you!
GOP version of Democracy is not transparency with open, hard debate on facts, but rather closed to opposing views when in power. #Democracy?
Dictatorship
He is a nasty POS, that's why Trumpp treats him and Sessions like the dogs they are
No such thing as trans service members. You can't change your sex.
Secretary of Defense James Mattis would disagree with you.
Chromosomes decide sex, not General Mattis or feelings.
Persist and resist!
I urge my sen (you)  NOT to support it!
That's why he cut off the debate, he cant  engage in intelligent reasoning. His stance is all pro bigotry, too easy to rip apart.
