There are female senators in the GOP. Why aren't they asking to be included?
Because they are pansies unlike our Dem women Senators and Reps!!!
I'm surprised Dem women, especially those in Gov, haven't made more noise. It affects the interests of the largest US voting block: Women.
It starts w the party in power- gop female senators need to stand up and just vote no!
Stand up and SCREAM NO!!!!!
It is pretty bad for men's health too. Unless you are a billionaire.
And shouldn't the men that ard the majority be screaming. I know @SenKamalaHarris has made more noise than most men. Then told to shut up.
Republican women know their place is subservient to men. Disgraceful to not speak up for women and children. And people with poor health.
The word woman appears 3 times in the whole bill.  Twice in the abortion clauses and once in the work requirements section. Yay men!
OBAMACARE WORKS & CAN WORK BETTER!!
Obamacare is dead! Insurers running for the exits. Designed to fail to make way for single pay. Based on a lie #IYLYDYCKYD
It is a lie as everything else from this admin!
The CBO is clear that the ACA is not in a death spiral. Rubio of the GOP shot it in the foot with an amendment. Trump is screwing w/it now.
Pretty sure it's a robot.
Quite possible.
I hasten to challenge any implication ("of course"?) that men couldn't or wouldn't have written a decent bill. Just not GOP men.
I think that men who cared about the issue would make sure that they had a woman as part of the committee.
Keep that vagraI've flowing
Joke, and it's  IV
I'd like to retweet this daily!
If this is such a big deal for you WHY didn't you ask to be in the room?  You could have asked Chuck for permission.  But no...obstruction.
Rumor is if you say "uterus" in front of half these guys, they turn into hermit crabs and scuttle to the nearest body of water
This is so wrong
The GOP bill will be awful for everyone but worse for poor, disabled and elderly!
Of course. This is a throwback to the early 1900's when old white men made all the decisions for us. This was when America was "great"?
Great for OLD WHITE MEN!!
No it isn't. Old men of all colors will pay massive increases. Great for for  RICH old men
TRUE!!
I cannot believe women were excluded !! So, why do 13 male Senator's get to decide the fate of American women ?
I loath GOP
BOOOOO!
The only reason @GOP would replace instead of making the ACA better is due to their hate of @BarackObama makes no sense.
They'd like us barefoot, pregnant & cooking their meals. Times have changed, most Americans need both parents working to barely get by!
We like you with shoes... High heels if you've got the stuff for them...
Why didn't u offer to help, ur a woman senator.  Can't complain from the bench! Not leadership.
Of course it is. They don't care about women.
Punish women for sex. Every way possible. Support men's having sex every way possible (as long as men's gay sex remains on the DL).
@joncoopertweets I bet Viagra is still covered.
It never has been with most insurance companies.
You're missing the point.
There wasn't a single real man there either.
I hope that @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins share the same concern for women's health care and vote NO on this cruel bill.
Sad but substantial number of women-mostly Caucasian-voted not to be included when voted against @HillaryClinton Blacks, LGBT, immigrants

This tool will send your email to all three of your reps. 

http://buff.ly/2rzZvA1  
And people still deny GOP misogyny
Okay if you say so. Make it better. Make it so. and repeat. <lol>.
For trump and his minions, women & people of color are useful only for entertainment and photo ops.
Wemen are having babies out of with no husband . geting checks for each kid and food stamps . its all one sided . we all pay for this..
Gather up the rest of the women r and d, join forces,  and write a heathcare bill.
And other than being a R  why would ANY of our lady senators vote for this??Party over country!
Don't any of these men have mothers, wives, sisters, daughters?? Are they so egotistical they live in a bubble? Have they seen America?!!
Shameful. If we can be sensitive in our boardrooms and classrooms about gender equality, Congress has zero excuse for this bias. #Idiocracy
@SenToomey was one of those few men -then he was sent to cameras to lie to us w a smirk. Now, he's returning to more secret negotiations.
How would a democrat know what goes on in a republican conference . More fake news
There are 16 of you Dem women Senators, but only 5 GOP women Senators. Where do Deb Fischer & Joni Ernst stand?  They've been awfully quiet.
There weren't any men there either
What is their justification for not including any female Republicans?
Bad for women in particular but not good for anyone's health.
How many GOP women will support it?
Kirsten lead the way for woman and fight for a bipartisan health care solution! Be a pit bull for woman!
I was under the impression that they didn't even write the bill anyway—that it was @SenateMajLdr's staffers who wrote it.
I have heard the word woman doesn't even appear once in the entire document- is that true?
The most aweful' bill of all: Obamacare aka ACA.  So where were all the defenders when that garbage was passed?  Too quick to forget........
Hmm, who gave birth to those men? Awful ,sad,nvm,they don't need healthcare,GOP,doesn't  need a pap smear,nvm,no need 4 prost,ck up either 
I'm not sure how the @GOP thinks this bill could possibly address the needs of a diverse #America if women weren't even included in it...


How do you not see how prejudiced this is?
I find that unfuckingbelievable
Time for another women's march!!
And a big shame on subservient repub women for going along with it
THIS MUST CHANGE! Where are the Republican women? MIA?
Well, it is hard to infiltrate the inner circles of the Naz...oops the Gop.
Not one woman, not one minority. Terrible that we as women have our healthcare in the hands of a handful of bureaucratic men.
#TuesdayThoughts #TheResistance #women Silly women. Rights are for Republicans!
Sometimes I believe that they are not even aware that there is another gender with valid needs and concerns.
That's why it's a failure
They don't care.
My CO senator @SenCoryGardner  was one of the 13! #puke $151K from #Kochs helped him decide against women's health!
No pro life women at ur abortion rallies either. U put urself in the gutter wit rest of dem garbage
RIDICULOUS IN THIS DAY AND AGE. THAT WE STILL HAVE TO FIGHT SO HARD FOR BASIC NEEDS ...... WAKE UP AMERICA
Planned Parenthood is awful for babies health. Yet you support them.
Their scared if a woman they can't control. 
Women often handle the healthcare for their kids and elderly parents. They don't really care about them either. But hey, viagra is covered!
Where are the women with their input in this bill? Sickening.
#TrumpcaresUnAmerican #FightTrumpcare
Of course a bunch of old, white, rich men writing up something to make their old, white, rich friends richer and themselves @SenateMajLdr
Senator, I propose a woman's healthcare cooperative that bypasses insurance companies.We can pay a set fee for future services directly 2 MD
It's good thing it's about time they guit thinking about women
Women senators need to know they are not important in the sight of their male colleagues. These men want to #MAGA by ignoring women.
Maybe they were at the crazy clinic
I don't believe the word "female," is even mentioned in the bill.
It was crafted by 13 old white misogynists who don't believe that women are entitled to healthcare. We cannot expect decency from @GOP men.
If you are not a straight, white, male with lots of cash this government has no interest in representing you.
But will R women vote for it ?
Also the GOP is unafraid of cutting millions off of healthcare. Who is providing them a soft landing? A Golden Parachute ?
Sadly we are used to their hate and disdain
There wasn't a single republican in the room when obamacare was written, debated, approved.  And of course the bill is awful for our economy
This is why I can't understand why "any woman" would vote for a Republican. And women think with both sides of their brains, men can't!
Hate and racism clouds your judgement. It doesn't make sense to take away from those already behind the 
It's called compassion, something Repub's & Evangelical Christians don't have or know abt. They hate durin the week & praise the Lord on Sun
Is that a surprise? Not to any normal woman!! They did it on purpose! And so they think we don't get it! Thank God we have u fighting for us
Isn't it about time that we let women and people of color run this country considering what a great job the current men in power have done
FACT: #ObamaCare law intended to make employer-provided HC Ins cost more & cover less...Dems ruined an imperfect yet functioning system
Thats why the mormons are #rightwingassholes anti women
How many people of color were there in the room?
No mercy to the republicans
It's GOP Sharia Law
Gilly is the worst, laziest Senator NY. has ever had. I've heard that she actually is drunk most of the time. She was selected, not elected
But they got their Viagra in their catastrophic #WealthCare bill.
#TrumpCare #KillTheBill #Resistance
I'm close to beyond tired w/ the soap opera known as " Government."
I'm paying 4 Ur healthcare. Pls dup it 4 me. No need to rewrite anything
@RepMarthaRoby DO YOU EVEN CARE!?!?!
Why in the world would a woman ever ever vote republican? Wasn't the access Hollywood tape enough to convince you he is a chauvinist pig
And I hate auto-correct. Just sayin. *suns
They have no women in their lives, clearly. And if they do, they must hate them with the heat of a thousand sun's.

Thx. Roaches--gone.
These good ole boys are after the money and they don't care who they hurt.  I have never seen such greediness in my life.
women have only two uses for the GOP sex and procreation to pass on their idiocy they hate strong intellegent women
They are afraid of women and their "issues" so they just pretend they don't exist.
"We will make it more expensive for you to have a baby, but impossible to get an abortion!"
Keep going. Gillibrand 2020
and white
We need brighter minds on this to come up w/ a good solution. The current people working on it are not smart enough. What needs to happen?
I don't need to remind you that women's health—since women give birth to ALL the men and all the women, including senators—is human health.
Not if they have to pay for it.
There wasn't a single poor person either
That is an outrage - is democracy dead? Please #resist attempts to pass @SenateGOP #WealthCare bill.@SenSchumer @senmajldr @realDonaldTrump
Thank you for fighting for us, Sen. Gillibrand.
Women are equal - oh wait - not according to the @GOP we should be barefoot and pregnant and making sandwiches
that's what happens in a room full of insecure men who will only feel "manly," if they control women. Think they secretely want to be women.
How's it awful for women?  Specifics please
If you are not a mature white male then your help is not needed, of course if you are also wealthy that doesn't hurt.
@ImpastatoSusan Thise damn women!! Why should we take care of them? They get in the way of white male supremacy.
Scare tactics again ? Women are smarter than u think and the lies you tell !!!!!
Can you please tell the five women Senators in the GOP that as well?
Oh boy. It really comes down to $. Thank you!
This bill is awful period! Rich tax break, while it breaks us all!
THIS is why we even have to deal with #TrumpCare: https://youtu.be/BG7w3Oey3xs .  #Resistance is a joke w/o an actual platform
These men are "pro life" but are very willing to take away CARE of the unborn!  That is hypocrisy at the highest level.
Do they think they came out of another mans ass? Some probably did! Their Shit If your mothers were alive today and someone did this huh
They fear women they can't control!
There must not have been a single human being in that room either.
And that is super sick some ones grandfather with no medical experience making decisions for my Girls!! Sick
You tell me how white men with grandmothers mothers daughters sisters get away in your community with doing such nastiness? You should ask.
Please help me with this?
Bull Shit. Plenty of women--@nancypelosi, @SenFeinstein, @HillaryClinton--have refused to get behind #SinglePayer
It's awful for everyone's health except the rich.
There's got to be a statute AGAINST this in the future! We're NOT in the 1800's anymore!!!  #ProperRepresentationForWomen #WomensRights
VOTE THEM OUT!
same thing when you all voted 4#ACA...that said, men or women, it is not a good thing to force a tax on folks that w/c you are exempt....
Hey Kirsten, not a single GOP or Conservative voted for or helped write ObamaCare. It has FAILED! Throw it all away and start over.
Women typically don't have many health issues.  It's like we're living in the 50s. WTF. 
#shameful#amerikkka
So, by that logic, there were no humans in the room either
And POOR people. There were no poor people in the room either.
Just horrible ! More woman need to be in charge to fix this world !
And they deliberately named it #BCRA , a gene that causes breast and ovarian cancer. #WarOnWomen The Bill is a cancer.
GOP & Men know what's best for women. Shit lots of women agree with this stupidity. So sad.
@Vamosgirl1 a cruel bill from any aspect, but especially those needing most protection, women, children, elderly
Does that mean mother's are better at providing health care?
dirty old men bullying Americans.
Now you know what these bastards really think of their wives, daughter's, mother's, and other female relatives.
We always have, when they don't think women who has been raped even by family has a right to have an abortion.
Don't feel discriminated against, it's awefull for most everyone's health.
Nope. No women, there was only the #DeathPanel13 of male Republicans representing only 10 of 50 states.
Please start calling this a Tax Cut funded by taking money from Healthcare.
did you expect better! Our country is being taken back to the 1950 era! Disgrace is the republicans .
Keep fighting. We  you!
but don't take away their viagra #dirtyoldmen
why no woman are they afraid of them??
#DraftTheWomen - Let the women of Congress form a bi-partisan committee on fixing the ACA!
Trump lied..Americans will die.  If #theResistance & #MAGA COME TOGETHER as one ,we can & we will stop the destruction of healthcare!
I can't help  imagine what would be said, if it were all women behind closed doors..defining wht health care 4 men will be.So desensitized
@seattlelove90 It's the GOP= He Man Woman Haters Club #ACHA
@seattlelove90 It's anti women. And the generations of women to come. #AHCAisevil #women #ACHA #TrumpLiesMatter
But Trump empowers women, Ivanka said so.  
There were no humans in the room, either.
No shit!  $100 bucks if you punch Mitch McConnell in the face!
Why aren't ALL @GOP women on the side of themselves and their daughters? @DebFischerNE @lisamurkowski @joniernst @SenCapito SAVE URSELVES!
Seems like the GOP is seeking inspiration from #TheHandmaidsTale
...but if there hadn't been a man in the room I bet the bill would still consider their health +well-being-- #empathy #WomensMarch  #wisdom
NO @SenateGOP WOMAN should vote yes! That would be a betrayal of their sisters across the land.
Unless there's something that Mitch McConnell hasn't told us about his gender identity
The Repiblicans weren't even in the room...just Turtle Staffers and the insurance lobby.
Could we legally claim it's unconstitutional because it creates unnecessary hardship for one segment of the population? Not representative?
Take away their Viagra!
But...there will be boners. That's covered for sure.
#trumpathy
Pence said he couldn't go into the room if women were there. Mother wouldn't approve.
was her name "Tokenette"? Was she allowed to speak, think critically?
@SymoneDSanders summed it up: "This bill makes having a vagina a pre-existing condition."
Women have the right to vote.. these are there representatives they know best
