But the President’s unilateral military action causes grave concern, given no authorization from Congress and no long-term plan.
And there is no ‘military only’ solution to the suffering in Syria.
Americans need answers frm the Admin abt their plan & how they'll bring coalition partners to the table for a long-term diplomatic solution.
All trump knows how to do is throw a rock and run and hide. He told a reporter I'm not telling you BUT he called Russia to tell putten
He hasn't hid once! Now all your Dems and Libs know hide & seek. Where's Obama? Psst in hiding!
Someone needs to investigate this strike. What was hit? Did Russia & Syria know? Oil prices up and his money men are in the situation room
The higest oil prices ever were in the middle of obamas second term please show me a tweet where anyone complained that he caused it
The price of heating oil and gasoline were LOW during Obama's second term, mainly because his admin dramatically expanded fracking. #wakeup
No source for the data? How convenient. Anybody who was alive & breathing knows the price of gas was SKY HIGH in '05, '06, '07, and '08.
Assad got exactly the response that was applicable. Trust our POTUS and his cabinet. God Bless America.
Yes, but this all seems like theatre. How much of this was collusion between Putin, Assad and POTUS?
It does not demand a hypocritical kneejerk response: Bomb Syria, but ban Syrian refugees. Also, US killing Moms & Kids in Yemen seems OK.
Seriously? Enough with the regime change. Libya? Iraq? etc. U.S. has meddled in enough countries' wars. Focus on the mess we have at home.
Then drop the bombs on
then drop the bombs on Assad!!
You say this then complain that Trump took out the base that SUPPOSEDLY had those chemical weapons! So chemical weapons are okay to use?
I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW FOR SURE WHO PERPETRATED THE CHEMICAL ATTACK. NOT TAKING TRUMPS WORD.  HOW DO WE KNOW TRUMP/PUTIN DIDNT DO IT?
Can you please show the evidence that confirms it was his regime? It's plausible it could've been an ISIS setup or another terrorist group.
We don't know who carried out attacks in Syria, Senator, & it is wrong to assume Assad did w/out investigation. #NoMoreWar #DefundCIAnow
Did you ever voice this concern to Obama when he failed to respond to his RED LINE IN THE SAND?  Empty grumblings from a losing party.
59 tomahawks is pretty firm if you ask me
.@SenGillibrand -- GWB's war in Iraq started with Tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at Saddam. That worked out well. Let's try that again.
An act of war without congressional approval is against the US constitution. Please do not encourage him.President Obama followed proceedure
He needs congressional approval for further actions. He's too loose a canon to be allowed to act unilaterally.
Half a million killed by conventional means are immeasurably worse.

Every human death by violence is a tragedy.
But was this it? And was it done properly? Keep holding the line, Senator.
I would have appreciated a firm response from Hillary rather than a buffoon who dropped bombs for nefarious reasons. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
And who is holding Russia accountable for complicity?
Please tell me you're not supporting the #SyriaStrikes Set yourself apart from Schumer and Clinton on this.
This is a Trump smokescreen. Don't be taken in.
But not a cynical, hypocritical, unilateral response - like this one. Don't do like Hillary supporting Iraq war. #CostHer
Yes I agree, the message that the Trump administration is appropriate to the circumstances of the situation
Then you batch about the response, Trump hater, obstructionist, hypocrites, liars, impeach dems for not serving Americans!
But u need to think thru ur response...not done here
Yes, but the atrocities have been going on for years, demanding a firm response. Let's be more proactive. #NoMedalsEarned
maybe you should listen to @TulsiPress and after an international investigation bring charges. Bombing an empty airstrip?
Response should be increased sanctions on Russia to get Putin to reign in Assad. Not bombs. Let's not encourage the incompetent fool in WH.
HOPE YOU READ SOME OF THESE COMMENTS   WE ARE NOT BUYING INTO TRUMPS B.S.
So 59 Tomahawk missiles aren't a firm enough response for you? How many do you suggest?
Please do not go along with this, Kirsten. We stand with you. We support you. But please do not support war with Syria. You are not HRC.
This tweet continued into further commentary by the senator. You should read her full statement. Thanks.
Day late and a dollar short, Kirsten ... My President already took care of it. Go back to sleep, or play with your women's issues... #MAGA
And the approval of Congress.
Well, I guess you'll get the WWIII that your military donors wants. Hope you enjoy your blood money. 
I would have done the same thing but I'm not president.... should be a long term clear plan before bombing them
Should have been authorized; should have been investigated. He bombed them on impulse
Lol no. He bombed them to make it look like that. HE CALLED RUSSIA TO WARN THEM. LMAO #smokescreen
Atrocity yes, but we need proof it was Assad, just because everyone says it was him, doesn't mean it was.
get back on target please. We need to be investigating Trumps Russian ties
@EJLandwehr All America has 2 do is request Assad's "Crimes Against Humanity" b taken up before The Hague International Court
luckily we are there to dispatch some freedom. #neverendingconflict
Wow I almost thought you turned a new leaf and decided to go with what the public wanted instead of the political standard bearer
@EJLandwehr How about a CONSTITUTIONALLY LEGAL response???
Hopefully the same degree of compassion will be provided to Syrian refugees
I know one person that saw #TrumpRussia coming… #StillWithHer
Through the proper channels.
The hypocrisy of the admin and your fellow Sen & Cong is very concerning. Why did they say no to Obama? This feels like another sham
I WHOLEHEARTEDLY AGREE.  I BELIEVE IT TO BE A TOTAL SHAM
Follow Adam Khan  @Khanoisseur, Malcolm Nance, John Schindler, Jester Actual @th3j3st3r. These exintell, people have a lot of info on Trump
This whole thing is a distraction from Russia investigation.
He was getting bombed. Planes were moved & who knows what was done w chemicals.
Don't forget Russians were also there
Just a few months ago Trump said last year he could care less about Syrian children. What's the change? The son-in-law. Trump warned Putin
What happens if Assad is actually removed? Wouldnt that create a power vacuum ripe for ISIS?
Thank you #HeroRep pls stand firm on this issue.
Assad dealt harshly with opponents to maintain secular country; US interference will install fundamentalists as in Libya and Iraq.
US spent years destabilising Syria. The hypocrisy of Aleppo/Mosul propaganda is breathtaking. Selective indignation is a tool of the state.
So...not giving Putin/Assad a heads up before you bomb an empty airbase without Congressional approval at the cost of $30mil?
The Russians also operate out of that base. Trump gave his pal a heads up. Planes were moved. Who knows what was done w chemicals
Indeed, and one that complies with international law too.
Except it wasn't from Assad. It was from Al-Qaida.
Timing of these attacks was serendipitous..for @realDonaldTrump. He does love reality TV, after all.
do you think its at all possible that Syria would have used chemical weapons without Russia's knowledge
and a quick one. Assad didn't deserve a warning which could happen if not swift action. Russian did warn him.
By bombing an empty airstrip leaving runways intact. Another embarrassment. Was there ANY humanitarian aide given?
THEY AND RUSSIA KNEW WE WERE COMING
Phew! I thought you were going to pull a Shumer or Pelosi & start praising the strike. Thank goodness for your nuance.
fix ny workers comp
then why wasn't anything of value struck except for people?
A response and a follow up plan.

There has already been one last night- try to keep up.
Agree! Keep up the pressure on this administration...
Except that they were probably executed by Putin
No. Don't get on board with trump and putins diversion. If the GOP let obama do this 4 years ago it wouldn't have happened
Without your consultation?  This President is a disgrace and is not trustworthy.  Don't abdicate your roll.
You know the answer . If former President @BarackObama failed to remove dictator of Syria Bashar Al Asad. Etc:/. Is it time for
Some how U.S. remove the dictator of Syria. It like the U.S. is the only country that can stop the dictator in middle east. Guessing.
What about letting in more Syrian refugees?!?
Senator Gillibrand, that may be true - do you agree with this response and believe its efficacy, and agree with it under AUMF rules?
Uh...where are you? did you not see the news? How the f**k did you get into the Senate?
Not the RW fake news now please go get groped.

No, Kirsten, they demand an investigation into whether this was orchestrated by Putin to help Trump.
BINGO
But this?
