Senate GOP tries one last time to repeal Obamacare
http://politi.co/2fe0K6t  
Obamacare sucks the dong
Dont think anyone thinks it's perfect but we should be implementing something to improve the situation for most Americans, not make it worse
The government makingnit mandatory for everyone tonpurchase overpriced insurance has made it worse.
And our senators/congress should be able to come up with a way to fix that w.o taking away maternity and infant care (amongst other things)
I think the burden of providing infant and maternity care should be onnthe mom and dad, not all the tax payers
you wouldn't want a newborn or pregnant woman to get the life saving medical treatment needed to survive because it's your tax$ being spent?
Its not because I'm mean and dont care. Its because everyone is better off having options and taking care of themselves.
Texas Senators @JohnCornyn and @SenTedCruz do not respond to calls, texts, emails, or faxes.  No town halls. I vote. I will remember.
I called and left a message with both just today.  That's all it takes.
I did that
@andreactually @politico Hello hello my beautiful  friend good evening please how ur day reply me tk u God bless u
Simply put, Democrats do nothing, trash everything toward solving problems, and only concentrate to take Trump Administration with your Russ
Matt Walsh: Courts in Europe have sentenced a baby to death. This is socialized medicine.
barrycare has got to go!
Bernie please back off for one week. Let the republicans sink themselves. We are with you but your timing is off!
YOU ARE THE BEST!
Repeal and replace ACA

Medicare is bankrupt, has yearly documented waste of $60 BILLION a year, raises healthcare costs dramatically, and expands the welfare state https://twitter.com/sensanders/status/909165743345893377 …
Why are we having a debate over single-payer versus the new bill before the vote next week? Let the draconian bill fail on it's own merit.
Bernie - pls keep this as your focus until 9/30. The GOP is baiting you with single payer=socialism. Don't take the bait!!!
Are you too silly to distinguish the difference between health care and health insurance?
Obamacare only covers 11M yet there are 323.1M living in country! Simple mathematics shows it is a failed system. #REPEALACA
Vote for Graham-Cassidy bill.
Did to Sen McCain
Does it Not Bother You to Constantly Lie??? You Know that is Listed in The Ten Commandments!, You Better Repent and Confess while You Can!
Get a job and earn your own health care. Why should I work my ass off to pay for your health care? My money should be that, my money
#Bigga togedda
people have already lost their health insurance. Cancer patients!
Don't support G-C please. Ok done. 
Is this a bad joke?
Senator Gillibrand is my senator. You were swept up in twitters poor design for replies. Sorry.
@BernieSanders how can you not realize single payer and socialism don't work. Have we learned nothing from history? It fails whenever tried
This covers more things than Obama care
I've had my policy cancelled twice and premiums quadruple under the #aca as have many others.  The ACA is a horrible law
You folks are really obsessed with giving away free stuff!
I think it's fine
Personally, I think defunding planned parenthood and insurers not covering mental health, pregnancy, and prescription drugs is a little much
No it's not that
Then please entertain me and explain this bill.
I called 10 R senators yesterday and will call more today.
Sadly, there's no point in contacting my senator , Ron Johnson 
Healthcare for ALL! It is time.

Bernie Sanders is the elementary school class President who promises soda in all water fountains.
it doesn't pass. No good bill can come from desperation.
obamacare did much worse it made the middle class not to be able to have healthcare.Your lies have been proven wrong.Losing more voters
Senators should be Stone if they pass a bill that does not help Obama's health care.
The men are at it again. Please, don't let this boondoggle pass. We need healthcare, not a trip to quick, and painful death.
Why doesn't Congress give us their healthcare? That would work for everyone.
I oppose single-payer healthcare. No MORE TAXES on Working People!

Isn't this like the 20th time they've tried to do this? Think of what they could do if they applied all that energy to something positive.
I doubt mine would listen to my plea. I live in TX. I'm counting on others to stand their ground. Maybe @SenJohnMcCain.
I would be surprised if this is to be the "one, last time". Repeatedly focusing on this issue makes it easier to avoid work on anything else
The whole GOP is a collection of shameless bastards and this atrocity of a bill proves it...beyond any shadow of a doubt.
Contact your senators today and ask for what was promised! Repeal and replace! We are grown adults and want a choice. Stop pushing agenda
Our healthcare is already ripped apart because of Obamacare!  It is imploding!  At least 30 stdtes have only one insurance provider!  Stupid
Senator, the GOP represents more than half of all Americans.  Do you represent the 3 million or so Republicans in New York too?
Thanks Sen for Representing NY State and the rest of Am. Glad I've voted for you and will continue. I've got your back
Vote No. please make sure it does not pass
obama already ripped healthcare from millions.  Unaffordable government bureaucracy. Bad for everyone.
@amyklobuchar and @alfranken ---hope you're in agreement!
How much of our $ have Trump and Republicans wasted going back over and over trying to "get their way". Another example of follow the money.
The thing is, they just want a Win! Don't care about americans.
Ok Senators I dare you to live with my insurance and pay for it
Someone should start a petition that the GOP be under the same healthcare plan & see how fast it gets passed. Why should we have to suffer?
How about you and your family go on Obama care and you pay the high premium and higher deductibles.
What a bunch of creeps the GOP is full of!
Thank you- proud you are my Senator!
He literally looks bay shit crazy in this photo, just like their health care bill
Repeal Obamacare!
All the while millions of Americans in the USVI and Puerto Rico are in severe harms way.  #VoteBlue17to20
They will & it will be a disaster just like Trump! Who shouldn't even be in the White House
As my Senator, I want you to support it!
Why? Not matter what I say Roy Blount will vote to repeal aca, McCaskill probably vote no. No one will listen, its a charade
It isn't health Care- it is changing insurance so the individual can choose more of their coverage....about time !!
The blond leading the blind. Government is NOT the answer to life's problems.
Stop thinking the government is the answer to everything?  The people are the answer.  Enough corruption. Get us out of DEBT!!!
Got it covered. You and Chuck are my Senator's. Thank you for having our backs. If only the GOP were as concerned for their constituents.
Nope.  I like the plan. It's finally happening
You mean like how the Dems ripped away plans millions were happy with? "If you like your plan, you can keep your plan."
But my senator is @BillCassidy  
I called you and Schumer. And Graham, leaving a not-so-nice message.. Calling key Repub Senators tomorrow..
Thank you for your vote!
This is 100% GOP racist revenge. Racial peace achieved by decent people non-violently. Get a Patch. Wear a Patch. http://equalitypatch.com 
Trump will be gone soon enough, but the hate that empowered him will linger long after, unless decent people act. http://www.equalitypatch.com 
Wearing the Patch on your clothing is a clear, non-aggressive statement that you embrace race equality & reject racial hate in all its forms
c'mon @SenKamalaHarris @SenFeinstein  @RepJimCosta @RepDavidValadao @RepDevinNunes healthcare is important!
Expensive burdensome financial responsibility on the middle class while the welfare recipients get better care with Medicaid. Screw us all.
We are $20T in debt. Who pays for this mess?  When does the stupidity end?
My senators @RonWyden &@SenJeffMerkley are so on this fight! Oregon Rocks!
My senators are Democrats. Their words fall on deaf (and often ignorant) ears.
Republicans are lying again about health care, we are to trust you after you allowed Trump to make a mockery of this country. You.
Sorry but NO to socialized medicine!!
Have you read the bill!!!UGH you people are like sheep!
See you all at the polls 2018, there will be a historic march of citizens voting to remove Republicans from power ~ they cannot handle it.
@politico ever try to call those assholes?? Impossible!
Kirsten, be honest, you and the Dem's are not interested in "healthcare," but in the "right" to murder babies:

American Health Care Act: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO) https://youtu.be/Ifi9M7DRazI  via @YouTube
Oh hell no
We use to have good health insurance till Dem's started obamacare, now berniecare. Why should you get the best healthcare payed for me free.
@WBW462 GOP and stop trumpcare
Keep out of my pockets you thief. I don't like paying tax $'s for ill legals, killing babies or immoral Dem ideas. Your care is free.
Obamacare is not healthCARE. It is health INSURANCE. Nobody is taking healthcare from anybody. You're a liar.
US voted for this ideology not just at federal level but state & local levels too.
We can keep resisting at every turn, but isn't this what America voted for?
What health care?
my senators know. unfortunately we're held hostage by lunatics from Kentucky, etc.
Call your reps. Text RESIST to 50409 - get involved- be part of the solution #GrahamCassidy
@BernieSanders @politico how about giving away 700 billion to the war industry?
Thank you for voting against the military spending bill.
I am lucky enough to have @RonWyden and @SenJeffMerkley who will vote no.
You didn't say 'people will die'. Isn't that line in the playbook?
You know what. There are 62mm people who voted for Trump. Now they get what they voted for.
I wish I knew what goes thru their heads in BR.
@SenDonnelly @SenToddYoung do the right thing. Vote no on this atrocity and support sen. Sanders single payer Medicare proposal.
I contact you through Resist bot with a fax just about everyday. No to GOP repeal. It is a disaster.
For me "GOP" now means
"Greed Over People" party that only fights 4 corporations & elite rich! #TheResistance #ACASavesLives #GrahamCassidy
What more COULD IT POSSIBLY TAKE, how much CLEARER DO THEY NEED TO BE, that they don't give a shit ABOUT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!
Are the stats not smart enough to be able to protect the people? Why should this be a federal system vice a state system being implemented?
These out-of-touch #GOP senators just won't give up, even when their constituents keep telling them to leave the #ACA alone. #WeThePeople
Michigan is fine.  Both Peters and Stabenow are Democrats, and reliable on this subject.
Senator Gillibrand: tell Lindsey Graham that Breitbart belongs to Robert Mercer whose Cambridge Analytica helped Putin meddle in 2016.
@BernieSanders @politico gee if u drop the mandate n people drop it voluntarily who's fault is it
@BernieSanders @politico news flash dems did it and totally fine
No one is ripping healthcare! GOP are trying to make it better!
@botresist is a GREAT tool! Use it all. Get in Contact
You ARE my Senator and I am proud to say it!
Scare tactics as usual
MCCONNELL 

How many times do we have to take to the phones to secure our health? Get to work, hideous Congress!!
I am SO very proud that you are my senator Bernie... I don't think I have to tell you to fight for what's right! We love you!!!

Promise that it's the last time!?!
#wethepeople #HealthCareForAll #Resistance call for action! Organize, speak out and contact your officials! No time to waist!
GET A REAL JOB KIRSTEN!
My senator's are Thune and Rounds.  What's the point. They belong to McConnell.
You are my senator; keep up the good fight for what is right.
Thank you for standing up for our health care! Please keep up the good work!
GOP=Dirty Tricks
#GOP voters look at your parents and imagine them at your house without any help till they die because Medicaid went away. Thank You!
Your my senator & all u do is oppose any attempt to fix healthcare knowing full well Obamacare is crumbling. Which tells me you don't care.
I'm grateful you're my Senator...
GA. senators do not care; they are total party puppets.
I support your opposition to the Grahm-Cassidy bill. #NY22
ACA gave insurance to millions who did not want it. Political solutions never work. You do not understand the roots causes of problem.
Actually we r wanting the GOP 2 help the tens of millions of Americans that lost their healthcare due 2 obamacare 2 regain it. Repeal OC.
Didn't lose care because of ACA,they lost it because insurers didn't want to lose any of their massive profits under the ACA. Big difference
Don't think this is the last time these greedy fucks will try to get rid of healthcare for millions...
You mean allowing people to not be punished for buying junk insurance?
#KilltheBill before it kills Americans. Call congress. 202-224-3121. And Text Resist to 50409 #Resistbot free faxes sent to congress.
@BarackObama "If you like your plan, keep your plan. If you like your doctor keep your doctor". What where you saying again?
@politico Just curious, how many of the "millions" didn't have or want healthcare before Govt took away choice?
This is exhausting....the majority DO NOT want this!  This country is a mess!
Problem is, Lindsey Graham is one of my senators.
Don't let the DEM make private insurers the owners of America.  Say no to the ACA #ImpeachQueenNaziPelosi
@SenateGOP @SenDeanHeller @SenJohnMcCain @marcorubio @SenAlexander @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins please vote no on Trump's "DeathCare"
If congress forces others to pay for their healthcare
should congress force others to pay for yours?
I did, I sent you a fax via #resistbot, as you are my Senator! Keep up the good fight! Protect our healthcare!
Natural implosn thru skyrocketing premiums/deductibles & exhaustn of Medicaid expansion funds will spontaneously rip healthcare fm millions.

He looks scared to death.  He knows this Graham Cassidy nightmare will be the end of the GOP.
These are truly ignorant white men. Ignorance breeds evil. @GOP @SenateMajLdr @OrrinHatch @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy
Hurts Veterans!
#GrahamCassidy cuts #Medicaid. 1,750,000 veterans covered by Medicaid. A vote for #GrahamCassidy is a vote to take healthcare from veterans.
Keep jamming phone lines and send free faxes to your members of congress via #Resistbot. Text Resist to 50409. Faxes delivered instantly.
But you're my Senator and we agree, LOL :)
Sen Gillibrand pls ask Sen McCain 2 do the right thing. He is personally challenged with his health condition / he must understand.
You don't get it, senators have a different plan than we do. They get Cadillac Care not Obamacare.
This Healthcare bill guts Medicaid and takes healthcare away from 1.75 million Vets. Please call your Representative
We should be asking for Their heathcare plan or they can only have what we get
South Carolina's rural and poor will suffer even more than they are NOW, both at the hands of Lindsey Graham's concern for insurance indus.
You saw what happens when you speak out loud & strong! Don't stop!
Btw. They can start this process all over next year. Torturing sick and elderly, disabled and poor with anxiety. Maybe time to replace them.
If I was a woman and that thing tried to get amorous with me, I would kick him so hard his nuts would replace his eyes.
Put congress on Obamacare or go the fuck home right
Damn right krissy put congress on Obamacare
Thank you for speaking up and fighting for our most vulnerable citizens, Children and Seniors. Proud you are MY Senator!
We MUST stop these crazy people who are ruining our country.
Sad to say you and Chucky are my Senators..
Your the ones who voted in ACA without reading it first.. Now you are worried? Please! #ACA #pathetic
Thanks you for your efforts. Glad that you are my Senator. Please keep fighting this! I just wish I could sway Senators from other states.
I will be calling my Senators to urge them to REPEAL Obamacare.  It has been devastating for my family.
Your my Senator and I know you will do the WRONG thing for many New Yorkers that have had their premiums  and deductibles more than double.
Thankfully you and Chuck are my senators, so I don't have to send a message, I will share this with others.
I am in New York please repeal
The only thing more embarrassing to come from LA is @RepClayHiggins. This does not make my state look good
REALLY PISSED  AT @LindseyGrahamSC !!!
