Do you really sleep w/gun under your bed?
Please have a look at my friend @HSforCongress, who wants to unseat Lee Zeldin in the NY1st. #flipthe1st
So when are you running, @miciszewski ?
@HSforCongress
Thank you for having lunch today with "my candidate" Jana Lynne Sanchez, who's bravely opposing Joe Barton/Tx, who Must Be Banished!!
Am I allowed to run for office if I am a republican woman??
Absolutely.  Let me know how helpful she is on you plan for a National Concealed Carry law.  ;)
Run with the bigot
Thanks for the motivational boost senator. State Assembly here I come!!!
love this
Much respect to you Senator Gillibrand. Thank you for fighting the good fight! #BeTheChangeYouWantToSee #WeAreTheOnesWeveBeenWaitingFor
Thank you for fighting! It does not go unnoticed! 
I want to fight for YOU to be prez! and maybe run for something--like your VEEP! Ha!
It's people like her that gives me hope that all is not lost with this madness that is going on in the White House!!! She is WONDERFUL!!!!!
I am going to run! I decided after the 2016 election and attended the Rutgers Ready to Run training. Thanks for the vote of confidence!
I know there are brilliant young women in NY - step up - lets beat the GOP down with 'WOMEN IN THE HOUSES'
Yes, I want to run for office. Can I call you?
After 39 years of nursing in Buffalo def thinking of running.
Good enough for @SenFranken
I also have an advice don't fight among the party, support each other, don't forget why your runing to serve your constituents.
You should know you were never qualified. Just a political hack.
I'd rather she didn't.  She was a Tobacco lawyer. Big Wall Street funding.
I'm glad your a senator in my state. Thank for all you've done and will do.
The "anyone can run for office" mantra also brought us...Trump. So...
You are so right...of course. Thank you.
My senator! She's awesome! But now I want her colleague from MN to record same script in Stuart Smalley's voice.
So uh...how do we run when we have no money, no credit, and work all the time?
And, daug gone it, people like you! Kirsten Gillibrand for President 2020!
Great effort.

Question: Are you Aware of the party which helped Cheeto get to power? 

Serious.
second piece of advice: practice secure email practices
I would run for the seat my (R) rep is currently filling, but I have SLE, and just getting out of bed is a hurdle.
Also? I live in a pretty red area. I don't think an openly Sapphic woman would stand a chance in this district. I'd try, anyway, but... SLE.
MERHABA BEN BIR KOYLU TURK COCUYUM BENIMDE HAYALERIM VAR BU DUNYADA SIZLER GIBI
Thank you!  I'm running for local office and having a blast so far!!
Based on who is in the White House, who wouldn't be qualified?
we need more women and color in office. Let's have politics reflect actual America!
1) Don't support fascists in TIME magazine
So proud to have the best Senators in the country representing the people of state of New York.
I am thinking about what are the next steps I should consider?
If USA did not hve sick misogynistic soul, she should so run for Prez in 2020. @kathleenparker @anamariecox @JoyAnnReid @KatyTurNBC @SRuhle
My favorite Senator: smart, sassy and beautiful!!!
I would love to run, the problem is getting the funding and hiring a proper team.  You are my political idol and would love to work with you
I know with out watching, its blow Chuck Schumer right?
We love you in NY, plus consider higher office.
Yes You Can!!!!
You are such an inspiration & a strong leader. I'm glad we have you out there fighting not only for women's rights, but equality for all.
I'm delighted by this offer.  I'm too old, but I'll pass this on to younger friends.  Yo are a true inspiration
Love you.
I think had a typo. @SenGillibrand means how to get appointed to office?
Greenville NC has a good mayor who should run against Walter B Jones.  Help please.
I've been on the fence but this short video cinched it for me. I'm running!
lead by example! Gillibrand 2020!
Right on!
Advice from somebody appointed to her position by Gov Patterson. #liberallogic
@SenGillibrand = BS artist of high order. A typical ...
Say what you want @NCNF But This Senator certainly has YOUR attention!
Yes she does. And we do everything that can be legally done against her. 

Plus, you'll need to apologize to @NCNF, as they are not me.
The dolt, @SenGillibrand , makes case for @realDonaldTrump being @POTUS.

Amazing, and from some one who had plenty of help to get elected.
Thank you!!
I am ready,  I believe in myself and I definitely know I am the most qualified. Thank you for being such a inspiration!
How 'bout somebody run for your office?
Sen. G, u r my 2020 choice for POTUS becuz Hillary beat up enuff. Run wih Franken.
run for prez!
We need more women like you @SenGillibrand! Thank you for all you do for us!
.@heathphillips71 will make a good Rep 4 #NY22. He needs ur support as a #MaleMST survivor.
Please run for president. Gillibrand/Booker 2020 - Trump will be decimated with the people who will come out to vote for that one.
She knows what she's talking about.
Agree!
Oh also if you have some trooper friends that can drop a dime on your opponent. By far the luckiest women ever to be drop in office.
Thanks so much for this encouragement & your strong ass fight!
All this nonsense sure is making most of us think about it more than ever, god knows America now more than ever needs some one on her side!
After the 25/55!
Make sure you have plenty of $5.00 bills to hand out. Good memories Kirsten?
Study @JasonKander.  He is excellent model!
Ecstatic about grassroots blooming!  Keep feet on ground, pace yourselves, eyes straight ahead, honest heart will steer you straight.
Did everyone forget what you said about Obamacare? I didn't. @nytimes @NYDailyNews @POTUS44. @SenSanders 

And all my friends!!
@SenGillibrand We need more women & more health care providers in Congress.  Yes! What should be my first step?
It has been our greatest privilege working beside you in 2 of our 3 cities supporting @HillaryClinton.  'maybe I will!!
First tip. Do not be a partisan bloviator like this hack.

Follow  @ironstache . Just heard hes close to announcing a run against Ryan. Show him some love!  Retweet the hell out of this everywhere.
Thanks for standing up.
You are actually right
Looking at the @HouseGOP and how they vote without knowing for what, I can see the low level of education for entry
This clown.
I'm ready.
Ready to run. Point me in the right direction, any suggestions? I am smart enough,tough enough, passionate, etc...
as long as it isnt under either controlling party & are for the People, I'd support

Correct

Not under Dem
Not under GOP

Some won't get it
so you are the one that convinced Trump to win with no experience, no skills, no integrity, no education, no common sense, no work ethic...
Sister you are morphing into Hillary's twin. Redo for 2020.
She's my rep.  I love her, she's great
Your Senator is so great we have fundraisers for her in California! You are lucky to be able to vote for her in 2018!
Would love to have a fundraiser for me in California. Google my name add MST to the end of it.
@heathphillips71 I actually did look.  I'm going to follow you. I cannot imagine speaking up and I cannot imagine not. Your work is crucial
Stewart Smallee words of wisdom. I like it.
This is what I've been saying. Need education on how to speak your beliefs, raise funds, gain votes.Good candidates to remove bad incombents
Why are there NO women or minority senators on the healthcare committee?
Hush up and get back in the kitchen. 
please run for president in 2020.
Wonderful!
Thank you. You are one of the reasons I'm still mostly a democrat.
Thank you we need more mentors like you
One of the many good Democratic candidates I'd like to see run
Good advise
You should, too, pres or vp
Ma'am, I just registered for my first candidate training today. I'm fired up and ready to run, and thank you for the pep talk.  I'm tough!
And in NY, you have to be a pandering democrat that gives away taxpayer money to every entitlement class that exists while ignoring wkgclass
You have no idea what you're talking about or where she's from or her vote history
No you are the uninformed..
It also might help if your father is a lobbyist and both your parents are successful attorneys
#TakeBacktheHouse
You are awesome. 
i want to run against @RepChrisCollins in order to take out the trash in Western NY.
Help needed here too.
#unhackthevote 
Pennsylvania had the most unbelievable numbers I have seen. These are crazy. Read the thread. https://twitter.com/hierroyluz/status/821874035071954944 …
You're absolutely right. Exhibit A: Donald Trump. If he can do it, literally anybody can. 
But do you need to be wealthy or have wealthy connections to run? That's what I was brought up to believe.
I'd love to run for NY-19. Faso needs to go
Help with this https://twitter.com/mikefarb1/status/860572214441259008 …
Senator Kirsten Gillibrand is definitely on our side. She has been right from the beginning, she's awesome.
Not two face lair
How about being respectful, sincere, honest, avoid profanity, be civil to one anther. You could add working with other Party.
You'll also need friends to work as volunteers, expect your past to be dug up, expect lies to be told about you, expect lies told to you...
Gillibrand 2020.
I hope she runs
