Wrong... Just taking away taxpayers paying for their inconvenient pregnancies. A woman screws up this day & age she should pay for her mess
I just don't understand why they are so against free birth control, doesn't that mean less unwanted babies and fewer abortions?  Confusing..
Free is the key word in this statement!  Nothing is free!  I'm paying for it and I don't want to...it's that simple.
We all wish there were things our tax dollars didn't get used for,  this is something I support.  Agree to disagree I guess.
Lets be honest about what Planned Parenthood's business is.  Abortion on Demand.  Better to redirect Funding  to Other Health Care Centers
I honestly want you to know that I used PP as a young wmn and got critical care there that actually saved my ability to become pregnant
I doubt that, im a nurse and they dont do critical care there. Try again!!
1/2 Wow - did someone who has no knowledge of my situation just call me a liar? Well color me surprised!
No someone who has worked at planned parenthood did, had it been a true critical medical situation you would have been sent to the ER
So I guess looking at what I said I really didn't make that as clear as I could have - but yes treatment included diagnosis & referrals too
Just like all doctors do!!!!!!!
Planned Parenthood admits they DO NOT do WOMEN'S reproductive health, THEY DO ABORTIONS.
It's not about destroying PP for most, it's about taxpayer money supporting abortion. NO fed funding for companies that perform abortions.
No one is taking away anyone's access!!!!  No one is telling them what to do with their bodies!  All they have to do is pay for it!
Yes, however Dems have had 8 years to protect them. It's not like the GOP was hiding their intentions.
PP can stand on their own without our tax dollars. Small government please
Because the sanctity of life ends at birth. Very Christian, no?
more often than that, cancer screening, STD testing, contraception, and education.
And murdering children
prove it. show me where federal funding murders children.
You seem awfully demanding. Why don't you prove that PP doesn't do abortions.
some PPs do provide abortions however federal funding only goes towards medicaid reimbursements for things like cancer screening.
So you can't prove that PP doesn't do abortions (their primary purpose), but you demand that others prove that they do.
No - i can prove that a fraction of PPs do perform abortions - but they simply do not get federal funding for that purpose.
Planned Parenthood and their practice of wholesale slaughter & selling dead baby parts should be COMPLETELY defunded! They do not offer RC!
Do they provide mammograms? No! Do they provide prenatal care? No! Pap smears? No!  So what do they provide for women's reproductive health?
not sure where you got info, but before giving birth control a pap smear is done. Had both @PP when no insur.
Funny how church and state are separate but those who want to defund PPH are bible thumping yahoos. Where does God show contempt and
Intolerance ?
Men should not be making reproductive decisions for Women!  Maybe their could focus on early childhood ed. instead.
No one wants to make a decision for you!  We just don't want to pay for your decisions..get it!??
Explain to me where in the Constitution it is found that the Govt has the responsibility to fund PP? I do not want it funded by the Fed.
I don't wanted it funded by me!  It is their decision to have sex with their bodies!  Let them pay for it!  It's called abstinence.
It's the Republicans cheap way of 1) imposing their morality, so sex should have dire consequences.  2) Public money for their own pockets.
Murder!!
Wrong.  We just don't want babies in the womb killed and baby body parts sold!!!
when they allow abortions up to 24 weeks that is murder.Most babies born at 20 weeks live
This after all the courts found no wrongdoing and even sent the video-tapers to jail. Many in congress are living in a fantasy.
What about selling the baby body parts?  Is that fake news?
planned Parenthood is not reproductive healthcare
years ago I chose annual exams and birth control thru p.p. seems like reproductive healthcare?
Misogynists are everywhere. I suppose they feel threatened by xx chromosomes. And they (oddly) seem to have no respect for motherhood.
Murder!!
Wow! Killing babies and selling their body parts is healthcare? #abortionismurder
Too many in Congress seem to have an obsession enabling abortion, NOT women's reproductive health care, already available free nationwide
Don't want to destroy planned parenthood, many dont want tax $ going to abortion.
see previous comment, for a cup of coffee a week, women could pay for own birth control.
Quit calling it that!  Abortion use the word abortion!
Your eyes and your heart are only for your covetousness and dishonest gain, for shedding innocent blood, for oppression and doing violence.
No, you are wrong again Kirsten. We just want to end the murder of innocent lives that Planned Parenthood performs day in and day out. #MAGA
You seem confused. No one is trying to take away access to reproductive healthcare. PP's primary purpose is not care. It is abortions.
They don't want  to destroy it, they just would prefer it receive private funding
Stop the lies.. Not taking away "access", just not publicly funding it anymore.
@EmergeCA is on it. Time to elect more women #togetherwepersist
A country that refuses to give women access to comprehensive healthcare services will go nowhere fast.
Out of all the industrilized nations, the US has the most children living in poverty....America ain't that great. #ReadABook...
You too! Have a blessed day!
these men know that being able to take control of our health & reproductive lives is power. Women w/power is somehow bad.
Thank you Sen. Gillibrand for supporting women's health and choice!
Why does the government have to fund planed parenthood? That should be private sector
Not health care just abortions
They're ALL ancient, white men who haven't seen a vagina in decades and are angry about it.
Unharden your heart it's murder for God's sake
Because those "so many" have penises! If we tried to control their erections they would lose it!!!
Deplorable people!
I understand the pro-life argument but what's puzzling is why the concern for human life seems to end after birth.
Yeah, too many old white guys terrified by the thought of becoming the minority or even worse...irrelevant
Yep hmm linked to Pussy Envy and penile dysfunction 
Totally false Kirsten. No one is destroying PP. They will always exist. The point is me paying for your abortion. Let's stay focused on that
The govt just doesn't want tax payer $ funding abortions ...and I tend to agree !
Removing women's access to healthcare-just another method males use to keep women down.
Senator, it's a condition known as Christian conservatism - GOP for short.
So true Senator! Keep fighting for the right to choose!
don't do mammograms, they are activists, give away the pill & perform abortions! Does abortion = reproductive healthcare? I think not!
There are so many other options for women.  This one sucks 
#Gillibrand2020
No they don't. You are conflating and lying. Women can get reproductive healthcare anywhere. Pay for your own abortions or states can. #Maga
True, but that's because of misinformation. PP isn't funded with tax $. Simple specialty HC provider-any insurance plan should cover svcs
They fear women. Women birthed them the traditional way and raised these old crazies. #GOP men are the most insecure excuses of human waste.
You just keep kicking a%$,  New York is behind you and I am behind you!  Looking to 2020.
keep up the good work. Women's right to choose!
They want to stop regulating everything except vaginas.
It is a way to keep women down.
IT'S ABOUT TIME FOR THEM TO VOTE WITH THE MAJORITY OF THE COUNTRY, OR GO HOME! FIX HEALTHCARE AND MOVE ON! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Counting on U! 
Umm. Americans voted in this majority, so ....
War on Women continues...
It's too many men trying to control women
Luke1:41 'When Elizabeth heard Mary’s greeting, the baby leaped in her womb, and Elizabeth was filled with the Holy Spirit.' Life Is In Womb
Cause crusty old bible-bangin white guys know so much about women's healthcare Pathetic, really
& what were the Dems. Obsessions in 09 when they not only illegally stopped 21k Delphi retirees full healthcare but up to 70% of pensions
The Title IX kangaroo court that got the man to kill himself is supported by Kirsten Gillibrand and she wants to expand it in legislation.
Mid terms. It turns out women were given the right 2 vote. Late. But we still have it. Our bodies have ever been the battle ground of sexism
Thus is why Patriarchy needs to be DESTROYED BY FIRE.
They think they can "create" jobs by keeping the women folk busy w/babies leaving more jobs for men like it's post WWII or something.
Low income/disadvantaged kids grow up to be kids who join the military. More disadvantaged kids = bigger, cheaper military.
Planned Parenthood destroys itself.
A woman's place is in the house, and the senate.
Like killing babies?
Being a not-for-profit, they have a lot of  racked up in excess of what they spend. That should automatically disqualify them from Fed 
Only the #Dems want to fund #PP so they can keep getting  from them to run for office. Abortion is taking a life that starts at conception
Federal money doesn't pay for abortions at PP or any where else already. PP is only paid for services granted, not a lump sum.
Thank you @SenGillibrand for working to be sure they are not successful #mybodymyhealthchoice
Keep fighting for us
Another reason why we need #MoreWomen in office!
 fight. #Resist
Time to start introducing bills to SAVE THE SPERM. No ejaculation without a permit. SAVE THE PRE-CONCEIVED! 
Only destroying tax payer funded abortion to many people use abortion as birth control
Why do you thing that is?
Because the GOP wants less gov’t & more freedoms…unless you’re female. Then they want more gov’t & less freedoms for you!!
They don't want govt to interfere with gun purchasing or selling off internet history but they want to all involved in people's bedrooms
I wonder how they would feel if we took control of their reproductive organs? I've also wondered how ppl would feel if we told them they 1/2
War on women & minorities. Pretty sure we should band together and take back the government!
We def have to figure out how to do that. Make ppl understand we can make a diff if we band together and don't just give up
Perhaps organizing marches more often? Daily is ideal but at this point even every weekend would start to make impact.
The marches are def making a point and opening eyes. We have to rid our gov of the rich, detached official and the lobbyists that corrupt
The marches make a huge difference. I think having them every weekend would be beneficial!!
we just want the slaughtering of the innocent to stop. Pass out all the condoms you want. Stop murdering the unborn
fight to improve health care & stop whining the closing of killing factories , choose life dear senator, parenthood fake news
organization that had a big surplus of $ and won't take pay cut in fed funding. That $ could go other program that needs $!!!
not interested in destroying it, just no tax dollars go to it. If you abortionist think it is so great then donate your money
Don't need PP for  reproductive healthcare that's not their narrative @SenGillibrand it's murder & U know it 
The @GOP hates women. It's as simple as that.
..so Planned Parenthood are the only ones offering those services? Or just the only one who massively donate to @TheDemocrats ?
MORE SENATORS NEED TO LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE---NOT TO "THE PARTY's" TALKING POINTS---GEORGE SOROS CAN ONLY CARRY YOU SO LONG
They either don't care about all the women who rely on PP or are completely ignorant about the services it provides
Congress won't let me reproduce? Wow!
I'm a pro-choice liberal but I understand why people may not like tax-payer money going to planned parenthood.
me too. it's called misogyny.
The typical "the Right hates women and the Left hates babies" dialogue. There could be much more nuance here.
twitter isn't for nuance but folks against funding PP are either uninformed on how the funding works
or dont believe lowincome women deserve access to cancer screening, preventative care, contraception.. so i shoulda said misogyny&classism.
I've debated on Conservatives on this. They are fine with 99% of what PP does. Their only concern is that controversial 1%.
so then they're uniformed. public funds just reimburse preventative services. abortion issue is a scapegoat.
I'd say that most are uninformed. Many also don't know that only a handful of PP locations even provide the scapegoat.
Observing people lining up at the post office to mail the payment for your salary to avoid jail time enforced by men with guns.
Because they are men with no balls to fight for what they believe in nor have their own original ideas.  Sick of the GOP.
The ultimate insult is taking away "birth control pills" from infertile women who need them as hormone replacement therapy due to menopause.
It also underlines how glaringly ignorant they are
Men are afraid to give women what they need
Those who scream the loudest know nothing about the healthcare services PP provides to so many.
Lies any services that PP provides u can get at ur local free clinic except for the one thing PP does own MURDERING BABIES 
GOPigs... You are surrounded. ( Temporarily.)
Do you equate abortion as women's reproductive healthcare? How do women find @PPact for abortions but not birth control?
Remind us about 'keep your laws off my body ...keep the Govt outta my bedroom'. Hows that happen when govt runs/funds hlthcare?
Next year: The men in congress have an obsession with women who have locked up their reproductive health. Allowing them no access!
Religious obsession that has no place in our government.
It's weird. Their focus is weird.
I believe abortion takes an innocent life. Why should I pay for it. It's a violation of my religious freedom.
taxpayer $ never used for abortion. And hey, I believe the death penalty violates my religious freedom.
Death penalty is a society's attempt to provide a safe environment for all. Abortion is murder and never allows a life at all.
women who can't get cancer screenings at PP are more likely to not catch it and die. why don't their lives matter?
Too many seem to have an obsession with propping up false rape accusers like Emma Sulkowicz.
Too many in Congress happen to be Men.
My immediate response to this is b/c there are simply too many "D's" in congress.... #SorryNotSorry #Resist
Men in power will continue to bully women and have for centuries...let's find other ways to fund some of these things
It's what the @GOP calls less government intrusion into our personal life and healthcare.
Tell em!
Many extremists in #HouseGOP - blinded by a stupid ideology that says government should not invest in or support its people.  @SenToomey
Maybe because they know women in power are better than men. Trying to keep women down. 
We must absolutely resist that 1930s mentality.
It's one way for men to control women. The only fix is more women running for/being elected to office.
They're obsessed with the strategy of tying you up in fights you shouldn't have to have, so they can further their traitorous agenda.
They all had bad relationships and the rest of us get to pay.
Planned Parenthood will survive with private donations. They do now, they will continue to. NO FED $$ FOR ABORTION, PERIOD! DEFUND PP,
Now you can help the cause and adopt an unwanted child.
Whenever men want to control women they always go for our vaginas first. Assholes.
and coincidentally they all seem to have penises.
