BREAKING: US Depts. of Justice and Education announce withdrawal of Obama-era guidance on bathrooms and transgender students. 
what's shameful is a little girl seeing a penis in the ladies bathroom.
If you see one they're not a trans. The a pervert
well yeah, it probably wasn't even actual trans people making a fuss over this
No, they're human beings, and citizens like the rest of us. @DavidTurnbole @SenGillibrand @POTUS
unless they're refugees
I'm which case they're STILL humans... @DavidTurnbole @SenGillibrand @POTUS
humans that need to stay out of America, France, Sweden, Germany, Italy, Canada...
Thanks for your opinions!  @DavidTurnbole @SenGillibrand @POTUS
he said it was a state issue and he is right. Not Fed gov's job. Fed gov protects our borders, land, and citizens
Transgender people are citizens too
correct, they are but decisions for individual venues regarding bathrooms not in scope of fed gov, in state scope of cntrl
That is your opinion; in mine, all citizens need to be protected against discrimination. We'll see what the courts say. @ACLU
I agree we disagree about whose responsibility it is to define and legislate. I believe that is states' responsibility
We will see what the courts say. Meanwhile, I have no doubts that this reversal is unethical and cruel, it harms our kids
I don't feel it will, the states will be to blame if they drop the ball. We will wait until SCOTUS rules
when his bigotry shows through the fascade people get hurt
and give it to the states, be happy NY won't deny protections, stop being part of the countries problem
thank you for speaking out against this horrible man and his horrible policies. Keep up the good work!
agreed! Thank you for defending LGBTQ people--especially the young and vulnerable
go get em Kirsten
Leaving it up to states.that's how it should be
just over a month and more rights being stripped. 45 is a disaster.
We aren't going to agree, put up or sit down. We are going to get in the way.
@NBCNightlyNews You people need to read the Constitution! Where a transgender goes to the bathroom is a States issue
Ever hear of states rights. It should be the states decision not the fed gov.He didn't denounce it
. I see someone else already alerted you to the US constitution and the equal protection.
Yeah not sure the framers Had in mind a guy in He same bathroom with an 8 yr old girl.
It doesnt deny protection. It transfers authority to its rightful owner: the States & the people #TellTheTruth
Trump wants to Make America Straight Again.
Andolute SHAMEFUL!!
@NBCNightlyNews Thank you Senator Gillibrand. Proud to be your constituent!
Not so.  What is shameful is that Obama made the bad decision to make such a protection at the expense of all
Thank you, Senator, for speaking out against this hateful decision.
Thank you for standing up for equal rights in the face of our reckless selfish @POTUS
States can govern this issue themselves. Silly for Feds to oversee this matter. Trans <1% of population.
thank you for supporting some of our most marginalized students. @POTUS promised to stand up for LGBTQ rights... More lies?
shameful
Is NY going to ensure protection?
get 'em girl.
another broken PROMISE.
Thank you for speaking out about @POTUS violation of human rights.
Giving rights back to the States is a good thing dear Senator. #biggovernment
I believe his position was the Feds overstepped their bounds and that these issues should've decided by the state
maybe it's possible to get an Alliance between states that support LGBTQ rights to push for it in the Senate. Make it federal
agree 100% with you.  A shameful decision.
truly a civil rights issue, not states rights issue. easy to see by who's against it...religious orgs.
Yeah, and fathers who don't want a man sharing a restroom with his daughter (like me)!!
Thank you for the public statement and your continued support for the LGBT communty Senator.
thank you Kirsten 4 fighting 4 us!  Pls make Trump show his tax returns/enough lies and allowing hate from Repubs
NOT ANOTHER ONE!!
Rescinding Civil Rights is not going to play well with real Americans.
Thank you for standing with trans students - #TransRightsAreHumanRights
It's a human right. Removing protections leaves transgender community vulnerable to discrimination, hostility. Wrong!
Shameful? Look at your political pandering & all that you do? All about you and party and has never been about people.
Most trans students don't transition over until HS. At that point 3 bathrooms would be a better choice; L, M, G Neut.
....They felt safer. Obamas order opened them up to immature bullying. School age children aren't mature enough.......
American who has lived abroad 14 yrs here. Do you realize this is only a problem in the US?
Why are we do hung up on who used what toilet?
Actually it was a good decision. Prior to Obamas order Trans students used the nurses bathrooms. They preferred it....
Anything u & your Colleagues can do 2 overturn this: is unsafe & HEINOUS @KamalaHarris @DianneFeinstein
@conniebritton @POTUS POTTS ONLY CARES ABOUT HIMSELF. HE WILL ALWAYS BE THE SPOILED ASS HE HAS ALWAYS BEEN
Upside of this mess is Americans are pouring onto the streets, into town halls & fighting back. Resist. Vote.
thank you. Blood on your GOP colleagues hands for confirming his cabinet
Start investigations on this creep Now.He needs to get out.Get his taxes released that should help BIGLY
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand.
Many more will also be horrible.Being a narcissist is a mental illness.He need to get his tiny hands off of the USA
- thank you for your vocal support in this matter.  I am proud to be your constituent.
I second that!
has he had a good one?
@_juliannemoore @POTUS great news.. common sense at last
, thanks for your leadership and strong moral compass, unlike @POTUS. This move is just petty cruelty
Haha!!! Moral compass???  What "morals" are you referring to?
thank you for speaking out about this!
Evangelicals/GOP= fake Christians.  "whatsoever you do to the least of my brothers that you do unto me"#WWJD not that!
they need protection to use a bathroom? They have always used what they wanted anyway. Not a big deal
@MattAsherS @POTUS  it's bad enough to control people's bedrooms now the Cons and Repubs are going to,police the bathroom.
Horrible but not surprising with current Republican Party
some people don't agree with you senator, this is overreacting to a problem that is best handled by the states.
Made this a FED issue. There but by the grace of God go YOU! Whatsoever you do to the least of my brothers!
what are you going to do? Where is the bold action of Dem leaders? Marathon debates are not bold action! Waiting!
what about the children that aren't comfortable with this. Do they not matter?
Thank you Kirsten... Stick to your guns in this crazy administration.
Sex based protections & gender ID are competing interests, girls have right to privacy & feeling of safety #safespace
Dem feminist here, that was huge mistake Obama made, girls shouldn't be forced to share locker room w boys #safespace
@NBCNightlyNews  One more horrible act by @POTUS. We need Dems to stand-up to this extreme right-wing administration
Gillibrand u are calling for Trump to be seen by a shrink yet u cant understand Penis=male Vagina=female no confusion
What are NYS's guidelines to schools on this subject?
Unisex bathrooms. This way everyone is comfortable.
after you pay a small tax. 
No tax in NY is small
we all are one of a kind.  That's the POINT!  Ignorance is terrorism at its best.
It's in the hands of the state now. Isn't that what what you wanted? Too much pressure?
Civil rights are federal!
The states wanted it, now they have it
keep fighting for us
giving the power back to the States. Overstating and exaggerating at best. Let's keep it real
Shameful. Awful. Horrible. Terrible. Stupid. Mean. Ugh!   Well, OK! Turn food over and hit 'Start'!
Ok this will not be the last time I will say this Gillibrand there is no such thing as transgendered PERIOD
@nouvelleview
If U protect LIBERTY & FREEDOM, it will cover all! Do no harm!
How can we tackle this issue and administration? These kids deserve better. How can people like me help?
If Republicans were REALLY worried about men who walked into ladies rooms, Trump wouldn't be president
Thank you for speaking out, Senator!
@NBCNightlyNews Where's Caitlyn Jenner's public support for The Donald now, eh? #wherescaitlyn #resist #persist
Making buildings accessible for ppl w/ physical disabilities is costly too, but you do it.
It's called human decency, compassion, and civil rights.
empowering bullies
correct. But behind the White house. Lil politics joke. Bet Steve Bannon or Stephen Miller Trump pundits must
be making for decision. I have feeling Steve Bannon or Stephen Miller up to this stunt saying.
But WTF do they actually want 2 achieve? A world dominated by ultra giga mega rich armed WHITE ppl& 'the rest'?
..being all others: liberal non-racist intellectuals greens ect ect - enslaved/starving/slums/pollution/disease
Hunger Games meet Mad Max? War on Ethics?
Are they part of a apocalyptical death cult?
I really don't get it.
also do some research on Gender dysphoria.  People it helps to have the facts and makes you a better person.
What are you going to do to counteract @POTUS and protect transgender rights in NY?
@NBCNightlyNews Title 9 needs stronger teeth. 115th has to work. This exec admin is regressive, not conservative.
@cspanwj Think folks are mad now,just wait til this poser of a POTUS* rolls back Soc Sec, Medicare, Medicaid.
Wrong again dummy.
this country's attitude is what ??? 1952 Birmingham Alabama ?
Horrible decisions from a horrible man. Presidents are supposed to be fair to all not selfish ignorant greedy crooks!
basically just going out of his way to be malicious because it plays well for Pence and his base
Caitlyn Jenner must be so proud.
Ah yes, the irony. A transgendered Republican. SMDH
once a white male republican always a white male republican.
All these kids that you aren't protecting are going to be able to vote soon. Big mistake.
