All your work, making sure lawmakers heard from you—that grassroots power & willingness to stick out the fight—THAT's why we won. THANK YOU! 
Also worth repeating is that they murder innocent babies and funnel $$ to democrats #DefundPP 

@LiveAction
@DavidLimbaugh
@IngrahamAngle
Also worth repeating, they serve healthcare to women who need mamograms,pap smear and regular checkups. You should visit one sometime
what Gale said...
Thanks Esta, men trying to tell women about our bodies...buffoon!!
But you want me to pay for it.
I pay & don't use all I pay 4 like ED meds (no penis here; no boyfriend who's used) or no kids in school last 15 yrs pay 4 edu. It evens out
They don't murder babies.
No one murders babies. Babies are fully-formed mini humans (much like orange Twitler). They have brains w/potential (unlike orange Twitler).
Me too (times infinity)!
I donate in Mike Pence's name every month
PP is great, but if it has a surplus of over $120,000 maybe it doesn't need gov't support and has enough in fundraising to self-sustain?
I work for a NYC-based disability organization and I spent the past week believing that people we serve would likely die and lose freedom.
@PPact That's why the women of New York stand with you @SenGillibrand.
Majority of NY'ers LOVE her. That's a fact
I appreciate your fierce commitment to Planned Parenthood. Do you feel similarly about disability rights? I haven’t seen you mention this.
??? So you stand with the people who want to kill the most innocent and helpless ever?  That is disgusting. SMH
Disabled women showed up and told our stories — were you listening to us as disabled people as well as as women?
http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/white-house-trump-decide-ending-health-payments-48943024?cid=social_twitter_tw …  How can the monster do this? I thought ACA was the "law of the land" Wouldn't this be against the law???
I don't like baby killers #alllivesmatter in or out the womb.
So don't kill a baby. In or out of the womb. Just stay outta MY womb.
Believe as many abortions you had no one want to be in that scar tissue
Word salad

California Court Dismisses 14 Criminal Charges against Center for Medical Progress http://natl.io/rgTxmE  via @xan_desanctis 
Thank you and please insist to your colleagues that reproductive rights IS an economic issue & cannot be compromised!
we killed babies
How much did you receive in campaign donations from them?
That's great, please also stand with ensuring safe drinking water.
I have never understood why repugnicans are such big supporters of UNplanned parenthood.
Rose the racist
Got you back Kirsten
Of course...it's what a decent, thinking Christian would do...
Hope your using your pocketbook not just your mouth ....how much have you donated to them ?
@PPact     thhanks
You will always stand with CHILD MURDERERS. F.A.K.E.
Thank you!! 
I am so grateful that you are my Senator.
How does it feel to endorse the killing of 900,000 babies a yr? Only means there will be less Democrats in the long run! #sad
Baby killer conspirators ought to be jailed. Someday
Not for aborted babies
Then don't have one
Good for you.
Talk about fake news. Nice display if it Lisa
Thank you!
Thank you!
Then YOU fund it out of YOUR pocket.
Nothing was taken. Nothing was won. You still get funding. Nice lies though
Thanks, but I think it should bear voting.
It also bears the disgrace you are to the people you should be representing who do not advocate or agree with your view on abortion .resign
Good for you. It's a private organization . How much do you contribute? Shouldn't need federal $, if you big supporters actually contribute,
We do
Let's all stand behind "planned" help me get rid of my kid "parenthood".
Sadly, PP defunding was an understated provision in all GOP healthcare bills. Fortunately, it was defeated in their Skinny Bill.
I was in DC Weds with @UHPPANY and am proud to be a small part of such a big resistance! Thank you for your voice & support in this fight!
They do so much good and save lives.
Thank you!
The abortion mill lives on
As does ignorance. Go out and adopt all the unwanted cell masses u champion. ALL of them.
Personal attacks are common when the left disagrees. That's real ignorance.
You would
Love her
thanks
I wish your desire to help the poor and the vulnerable extended to protecting the unborn. You don't have to be Pro-abortion to be Pro-woman
What is best for each woman is not yours to decide unless you specifically will pay for all the consequences.
Keep murdering babies! Isn't it fun?
I stand with #PlannedParenthood
Good for you and your program to terminate life's .
Thank you, @SenGillibrand! So grateful you're my senator
And good for you. Really. PP is an important resource for women, especially younger women.
So you stand for women you murder children
You said they do prenatal care. Can't find that anywhere. I'm thinking you lied about that. Just what Dems always do when talking  HC
Of course. .....they send u boatloads of money..2 heck with baby lives. Disgusting.  @marklevinshow @Villages_News @SpeakerRyan
Abortion is forbidden-10 Commandments, Thou shall not kill. Judea-Christians can't abide 2 murder of fetus, selling body parts 4 Profit.
The Bible has several abortions in it, including the Sotah Ritual
Thank you Senator. #IStandWithPP
Thank you
Thank you. You are my Wonder Woman!
Thank You!! Buried in my fear of the current state of the world is an intense pride of my home & how my Senators are fighting for me 
Then you stand with murder.
There is no blood on your hands, sleep well as the baby parts are used for study
let New York lead the way on killing babies
Everyone should have an abortion, just for practice
I've changed my stance on this issue. Thank You Senator Gillibrand for supporting ethnic cleansing.
How much do you personally donate to them every year?
Thank you for protecting women!
Thank You!!!!!
A private company that pays it's CEO  $500,000 and donates millions to politicians maybe doesn't need federal funding
Planned parenthood is a baby killing operation
Never kill YOUR babies. Leave the matter of "babies" (cell blobs) of OTHERS to OTHERS.
@SenGillibrand will always stand with people who murder babies. Sick woman!
Sick, huh? Takes one to know one. Go adopt all the babies u need to save & stay OUT of other women's wombs!
Even if the Koch brothers buy them out and convert them into suicide stations for people who fall ill without health insurance?
Thank you!!!!
As should EVERY American!
But that Israel boycott whatever bullshit, you lost me in that. Meaningless and pandering
@AnaGasteyer VP spot in 2020?
ppl w/unhealthy lifestyles like drug abusers & ppl w/ promiscuous sex habits need to learn about paying their fair share, not successful ppl



I respect that you're clear on this because you will be reminded of this. Forever.
Aren't you #Blessed you weren't murdered in the #Womb??
Kill those babies!
This means you stand with selling infant embryo parts to raise operating capital to operate "planned parenthood".
