New Trump campaign fundraising email hits Dem senators Baldwin, Sanders, Booker and Gillibrand 
and in 4 years it will be Madam President.
CAN'T WAIT!
Snoopy for VP
I see no issues as long as Garfield or some animated cat gets to be Secretary of State.
Snoopy is from the midwest, so he provided geographical balance to the ticket.
you can pick Puss in boots, Hobbes, Tiggger, Garfield, Heathcliff, or any alternative i forgot.
Puss in Boots for defense.
that's a very very logical choice, and I agree.
if you are so much for letting  immigrants in without the proper background  checks open your own personal home to them
go back to holydames
considering that he can't spell "tap" correctly, you're just lucky he didn't call you "Kisten"
Details. Details. We don't 'em. Not in our budget or healthcare. Just leave everything to Cheetolini and Eddie Munster.
your staff is unfeeling, does no follow up and does not serve its constituents. We need Preet Bhara in your seat.
@JohnBoozman is sending out mailers in Arkansas saying Canadian drugs r killers, filled with toxins, I kid u not
And yet the administration doesn't support the FDA. Idiots.
crazy isn't it.
I guess they think we're stupid 
they do, my Mom picked up the mail & called me she was so upset over it.
what's sad is how many still vote for these hypocritical, lying jackasses.
I know, it's tragic
Gillibrand/Franken in 2020 :-)
your pretty Vain senator! English nazi!
it's my middle name and happens all the time. 
over a year now and your staffers never have time. Pure nonsense.
@ABookishMind more missspelled wurds from Trump adminstration? How surprising.
@scott_springer but..but...but spelling is HARD!!!
Who knew?! 

this WH is stunningly bad at, well, everything and spelling
@SenSanders Is NOT a Dem.
Keep up the good work! @realDonaldTrump does not represent NY values
Keep fighting! Thank you!
@TheTateProject a hallmark of the trump administration is their penchant for misspelling words #MakeGrammarGreatAgain
yep. It sure is.
hahaha.  Glad to see I'm not the only one that's still fighting the i-r r-i fight.  #kirstenproblems #kirstenproblem
"tell ya what, we'll just call you kitten"
Lovely Burn...should I send over a bottle aloe to them? Poor babies
keep up the good work!  keep fighting.
From one Kirsten to another, this tweet is awesome!!
The president thinks you are RAD!!!
@DearAuntCrabby @rebeccaballhaus You'll have forgive 45 his spelling errors. He learned all he knows from Betsy DeVos.
Awesome response
@rebeccaballhaus We are going to vote her out too!
@SarahLerner ELITIST!  Demanding proper memes....I mean names. ELITIST! ELITIST!
let us know abt who needs $ 4 2018, we will give it! American Combat Veteran! 
well, if that doesn't shame them into submission what hope is there
stop persisting
I hate that too. :)
Thank you, good luck.
Kirsten the Great, of the Empire State #HamiltonsState
@marcylauren 
Hmmm..misspelling, caps, superlatives.  Maybe a Trump alias?
@DCHomos 
By Americans,  does he mean the 63 million that voted for Hillary.
Cmon now! They can't even spell hereby or tap correctly!
Thank you for standing against 45's agenda. The true Patriots appreciate you.
Thank you for standing up against the Wrecking of #ACA , pls stand firm, we are counting on you + we support you.
HA! Spelling and grammar not their strong suit on the Trump side
the Trump administration is careless and callous with everything they do. Keep up the caring, careful work you do, please!
Perfect response. #TooSmartToEngage
As voting constituent I say Keep up the good work. It's ethically right, pragmatically correct, & will make us safer & stronger than ban.
@realDonaldTrump fyi
.@SenGillibrand Thank you, Senator "Kirsten," for fighting for mainstream values and against Trump's radical, backwards agenda
we have your back!  Stay strong!!  Thank you for what you are doing.
"I don’t care what they say about me as long as they spell my name right." - George M. Cohan.
@CoryBooker @SenatorBaldwin @SenSanders   keep up the good work - badge of honor that they pointed to you  @DNC  get to work
God is in the details. This potus is not.
Thank you, KIRSTEN, for all your work
Literally dying on the floor laughing. (with you.)
so much love for this tweet and you. Need 1,000 more like buttons 
lol these morons think Trump's proposals are GOOD for security?
protect our boarders.. Do your job. #notmysenator
@JenSiebelNewsom Hey, how's your friend @GabbyGiffords doing these days? @DWStweets
God forbid we talk about gun control after the terrorism white American men comitted. Easier to just blame Muslims 
You are an amazing senator and in this insane political environment, I'm grateful for you! #progressivesenator
From Canadians who support all you "radical" liberals. Give 'em hell.
That's GREAT marketing!
- well, at least you know your name.
Uh, NO!!!
I'll fight it all the way.
Story of my life.
Details...not their specialty
This administration is spelling impaired.
from one Kirsten to another - yes!
@HRCNJVolunteers 45 identifying Dems that scare him, to raise money... lame and desperate! #TrumpRussia #Resist
How dumb can they be
.@SenGillibrand "Tereza Mae", "Theresa Mai" they spell worse that I do!
I wouldn't even re-tweet nonsense like this.
this is, frankly, a Berenstain Bears moment for me
@rebeccaballhaus Kirsten---keep fighting for real American values! We are with you and the right side of history.
Actually, since 2009, your first name is "Senator". Keep up the good work ma'am.
@Tina49747372 Or Sen. Gillibrand if you're deplorable.
He and his team are consistently inept, aren't they?
@HeadOColettuce "Radical Liberals"??!!! Isn't that like " Conservative Anarchists"?
Why can't these people spell? Hugely unprofessional.
@rebeccaballhaus Sorry, Senator, that doesn't sound American enough. You're "Kristen" now. 
@noahharlan A rose by any other name ...
SERVE THEM QUEEN
Thank you for being my Senator and for everything you do Kirsten Gillibrand.
They were probably talking about someone else
Disgusting
<---- (Kirstin with an "i") @SenGillibrand  Don't I know it!
Yeah, it's Kirsten. And I stand with her.
he he, great response Senator!
You're in good company with the name challenged Trump administration

'Kristen'
PM 'Teresa' May
PM 'Trumble'
PM 'Mr. Shinzo'
Go Kirsten!!! Woohoo!
I believe it's pronounced BAD-ASS!
Put downs of Republicans' gaffes are cute, but that's my job. Your job is to DO SOMETHING like demand #SinglePayer healthcare
facts are not their strong suit
Spelling is not @realDonaldTrump 's strong suit.

geeeeeeez
@rebeccaballhaus we've learned "spelling" and "details" and "rational thought" aren't the GOP's "thing."
@rebeccaballhaus @RhysJTomlin
Thank you! Now I know about petition and can sign it. And others.
@JenGranholm @JoeMyGod
@MykeCole Proud to have you appear on their list Senator. Keep up the good work.
you're awesome. Keep fighting!
@rebeccaballhaus Kirsten, you are in good company
So glad my NJ senators stand with you.
Any comment on the sexual predator you and Chuck fought so hard for to bring into the Country?
please vote down the article 5 convention application for changing the Constitution
It's a lot of not the brightest doing their very worst.
In every sense.
Thank you for opposing this legislation
Keep fighting the good fight! This constituent is proud you're my senator.
As another "Kirsten" I hear ya!
you've been such a lightening rod through this administration. Proud to be from NY.
@shaunadamec 
@JaimieSeaton 
damn right it is. Make us in NY proud.
LOL
Well they are not getting much right lately.
In #Trump's defense, he never claimed to make accuracy, facts or education great again.
He certainly can spell Putin's first name, BOSS. Thanks Senator Gillibrand for fighting for all of us.
Keep up the good work! Where this hit by Trump campaign as a badge of honor.
No it's actually Schumer's puppet, but who's checking
the Republican Party is out of touch with the majority of us. Just keep pushing, thank you.
U R So UNIMPORTANT.. WHO CARES HOW YOU SPELL YOUR NAME. Get to work and PASS Legislation.
Great comeback in 2 words.
@funder @realDonaldTrump @POTUS Are you F****** kidding me!! Trump needs to be gone!!!
enough with your radical lexical correctness
attention to detail is not the strong suit of this administration
Yeah Kirsten u Dems need to stop acting like civilized Americans representing ur constituency! (Pls keep it up) #resist
you go girl!!
@flippable_org 

I love her 
hahaha morons indeed every single time
Block that Executive Order!
Radical, dude!!!
If he can't spell "hereby" or "tap" you might be asking too much. #Resist #Kirsten2020
@Millennial_Dems Please keep up the good work and know that we are Dems, proud and liberal.
OR SENATOR GILLIBRAND IF YOU'RE NASTY! 
They must be desperate to put something like this out.
thank you for fighting for us, please keep it up! The SCROTUS's attack on you only validates your efforts. #resist
tell them this
Rebecca Ballsup said what ?
Trump made Alec Baldwin a Senator? Is that backhanded praise?
No matter how they spell it, keep doing what you're doing. Your supporters will spell it right. Thanks & keep it up!
@your_bunny1 Why are they fundraising? Needs more money I guess.
I wonder Kirsten if you actually get many calls from people telling you to support t-rump. I hope not.
@rebeccaballhaus yes go off!
it's becoming clear that the right wing is eruditically challenged.
as someone w/ a frequently misspelled name i feel your pain. Really, how hard is it to pay attn long enough to spell a name?
I feel your pain. Signed, Kirstin spelled "i-r" and "i-n", (which is why I didn't get your very important email)
maybe someone should explain to them what a witch hunt is...and the world...and everything...and more...
the guy can't spell tap or hereby... your name is far too complex!
how can a sitting president campaign against sitting Congress members? How?
thank you for standing up for our healthcare!  #Resist #Trumpcare
- come on, Senator, I'm surprised they didn't call you Christian.  Or Jane.  This bunch & accuracy aren't exactly bedfellows.
keep up the good work senators!
@geekygirl5672 @rebeccaballhaus oh imagine that. The trump campaign got something wrong
they are such imbeciles! keep correcting them in spelling, their values and their disgusting, backwards executive orders!!
.@SenGillibrand omg everyday I have to say "It's Kristin!" Hahaha nice to see the other half fighting this battle 
Hahaha! Love this.
Thank you for your support  senator Gilliland.
@JeremyDDickey
Are you sure?  
@rebeccaballhaus Go Kirsten!!! Your constituents love you even if @realDonaldTrump doesn't!
We are pretty rad(ical).
Republicans thrive on and excel at 'defining' their opponents.
Prepending an epithet is a technique they use
