I march because it is one of the few things I can do in this insane 'alternate' universe we find ourselves in.
so my kids know that me and millions of moms like me were on the right side of history- we weren't quiet. #whyIMarch
- uhm, with all due respect the hashtag was "Why I march" so, me. My reason. That's it- we got important to do Sir. Let's unite 
I marched for my students who are immigrants and refugees and fundamental human rights
last time I checked President Trump has the Hitler tendency
so when he said mexicans are rapists that was ok?
I marched to be heard & to pray among the masses of like minded people who recognize what is afoot in our republic #whyIMarch
I marched so my 1yr old son would know what supporting women and fighting for what's right actually looks like.
I marched as a @wellsalums , @UUA member , @girlscouts , @IthacaTeachers , and @PPact supporter. Marching was the right thing
we marched in #Brussels, #Europe, because #pressfreedom and #climatechange action of the #USA matters to the whole World
I marched because @marstrina made a great Twitter case for not standing on the sidelines.
blimey.
I marched to support women's rights and protest Trymp@policies and actions.
I marched for my mom who taught me how to protest, and for dad #HerbertKramer who fought the #WaronPoverty. #LoveTrumpsHate
I marched for my mom @PamSteib who is a 2x cancer Survivor. She is unable to walk it so I took a bus from FL & marched in DC!
To stop the removal of rights.  To fight for those that can't fight
I marched because Madonna owes me a blowjob
I marched because Trump is NOT MY PRESIDENT. I expect you, as my Senator, to BLOCK his cabinet! Stand united and block!
Marched in Seattle b/c had to. Democracy is not a spectator sport.
48 year old white man who marched with my 16 yo gay son.  Too much progress has been made.  We can't go backwards.
I marched for my right to stay married to my wife.
#whyIMarch ...so it wasn't a lie to friend that her daughter wouldn't have to endure the same dangers I did when I came out..
I marched with my mom for reproductive rights and to show solidarity with WOC. It was her first demonstration ever!
the only idiot who didn't vote for Sec of Def Mattis wants to support the women's fiasco that had murders, Islamist lead it
I marched in NYC so that our country doesn't march backward in women's rights!
.@SenGillibrand 
I marched in a Women's March last weekend because the antifas are more skilled at punching Nazis than I am.
Had to write this way to have the sentence start with "Ass"
Many reasons, but mostly for my son with Autism. Education is for EVERYONE. He wanted to march too. He marched for kindness 
@SenFeinstein #whyIMarch to show my daughter her future is important. DJT's tax plan will hit hard because I am a single mom
I marched because my body is mine and I am the only person who can decide ehat happens to it no man should decide that!
But you want taxpayers to pay?? If some is paying your bills they do have a right to say. Personal responsibility
Also, please indicate if George Soros paid you in cash or check. 
I marched for equality. And to show my daughter that her voice matters.
great, so showing your kids that cursing at everyone & dressing like a huge vagina is socially OK?? @FoxNews
.@SenGillibrand I marched for compassion and equality for all in public policy. #whyIMarch
And she marched for me and my refusal to accept intolerance and hate as American values!!! Thank you, Nan!
Happy to do it! Next up is the #ScienceMarch
I marched in NYC with #BroadwayStrong for liberty and justice for all.
For my Transgender community and for all Americans who are fighting for basic rights #whyIMarch #transrightsarehumanrights
I marched in San Diego so  other women would be encouraged to run for public office & become a great leader like you.
marched with my teenage daughter to show her how to fight back
I marched bc if a man had lost bc of #Russianhacking #racism #fakenews the results wouldn't have held. We know it #StopSexism
I marched to defend the nation against an attack on everything America stands for. Trump's attacks on women are shameful!
I did. My reason below. Thank you for your votes, I am behind you.
I marched in NYC to protect the principles my parents and grandparents fought for
I march because I long to see more Women in leadership position.
I marched because I've been fighting for women's rights for 45 years and I'm not giving up now.
I marched because I wanted to give a voice to those who are in the dark! I marched because I care about the future of the USA
I marched against a racist, anti-Semitic, anti-Muslim, misogynistic, hateful man.
I marched for women's equality and for stolen election from #HillaryClinton
I marched to protest Trump's vile treatment/view of women & to teach my kids to stand up for what they believe in
Great! Senator, please introduce The Public & Impartial Primaries Act RepairRestoreSafeguard submitted-thanks!
I marched because I have hope.
I marched because he is Putin and Bannon's stooge and the election was illegitimate. He is wrecking our country and the world.
#whyIMarch #WomensMarch I marched because reproductive rights are under attack.  #savePlannedParenthood
I marched from home with my mother. My sister and baby niece marched in Atlanta and saw @repjohnlewis!
. I marched because i will not stop fighting for genger equality, racial equality and equal rights for all Americans.
I'm a 43 yr old man that will fight this battle with all those willing to fight with me regardless of sex, race, or religion.
I marched with my wife and thousands of other New Yorkers. I marched for women, children, the environment, and our future.
- I marched because I can't believe that I'm still fighting for the things my grandmother fought for!
I marched for tolerance, inclusiveness, equality, and human rights #whyIMarch
#WhyWeMarch so we don't go back to the way it used to be.
#whyimarch  I marched for people without access to healthcare and for reproductive freedom.
I marched in Miami for all women and in memory of my Transgender friend, an unsolved murder. #WhyIMarch #TransLivesMatter
Here's what I heard from the women, men and children who marched on DC!
To protest Trump and all policies he's pushing.  I'm in healthcare and I know we need help to stop going backwards!
you should ask them, are you registered to vote and do you vote?.
I marched to empower my fellow women & show them we are not alone. Use your voice, it will be heard and amplified. #WhyIMarch
I marched to remind our elected officials that they work for us and we won't stand by and watch our rights be rolled back. #WhyIMarch
My husband and I marched with thousands in Atlanta while I was on business trip. Made me so proud to be American.
.@SenGillibrand many reasons, v and to protect our beautiful #environment BC #climatechange is real #ClimateAction
I marched in Binghamton, NY because I feel that loud is the only language DC hears. Our children are depending on us!
Please call me and I'll explain. I sent you a message through your website.
I marched because I can't stay silent anymore. Because diversity makes us stronger. Because women's rights are human rights.
I marched to show the world that the people of America are NOT represented by one tiny man. We fight to WIN back human rights
I marched for the right of my disabled son to be treated with dignity & respect, for the rights we fought for in the 60s!
I marched for my 3 daughters, my mom, women b4 me, future women, and it's the right thing to do. #whyimarched
And the voices of their unborn will be snuffed out?
We marched at Seneca Falls where it all began! We will NOT go back on human rights or climate issues!
I marched in NYC because I stand up for any and all people who trump and his minions want to push down.
I marched to honor my daughter and her right to have a voice, to honor Susan B. Anthony, & Bc it was the right thing to do.
to preserve our rights! We are depending on you.
some of us #MarchForLife because we want the voices of the most vulnerable future women to be heard, too. #safelegalrare
we had a rally in Pittsfield, MA. 400 expected. 1,500 showed up. We signed up to take action in different ways.
I marched bc I want to show that our democracy is alive even in the face of single party rule & a man ruling by decree.
@sharon_leff Proud to be there I marched bc
Women wont go back
US belongs to the ppl
Citizens need healthcare
We r all equal
I marched for those unable to March, for those feeling voiceless and/or unseen.
Women's Repro Rights, Gun Violence, Environment and more.
You are a hero to all Americans, especially women. At election time, know you have admirers and supporters in all states.
I marched for peace. #WhyIMarch
I marched for sexual assault survivors and for my immigrant students. I marched with my daughter, a survivor and a fighter.
I marched b/c 3yrs ago I almost died during childbirth. Reproductive health needs more funding, tech and rights! #whyIMarch
I marched to share my voice with hundreds of thousands of others around the world that the current admin. is at odds with us.
I marched in Albany w/2 granddaughters.We want more women in politics & real leadership-not ravings of an ignorant blow hard
@SenGillibrand We marched for equal rights for my daughter and all women #whyIMarch #fightlikeagirl
.@SenGillibrand I marched for unity, women's rights, the arts, immigrants, refugees, equality for all, science & SANITY. #WhyIMarch
yes, we saw a bunch of freaks dressed as large vaginas & cursing at everyone. Is that what you #DEMocRATS stand for? @FoxNews
#whyIMarch For humanity, for Democracy, for immigrants, for decency, for America, for the future, for the love of my country
I marched for Women's agency and equality in all aspects of their lives #resist VOTE NO on ALL trump nominees. NY matters
I marched in DC w/ my daughter to take action for equality. She knows she matters + we will never trade hope 4 fear. #resist
For science, fact, preserving planet, equal rights for all humans, free speech & press, no religious test/rule #WhyIMarch
#whyIMarch For  solidarity between all Americans. To defend the most vulnerable. To fight for free speech & human rights.
I saw you speak and you were wonderful. So happy to see brave politicians march too #womensmarch
luckily in NY we have one senator with balls. it happens to be the one with a uterus as well.
also hi Callie
because we don't need a Predator in Chief! THANK YOU also 4 voting against his cabinet noms. Hope the other dems join you!!
I marched because Im a feminist, and because "womens rights are human rights" and I will stand with you all every single day.
TY for standing up to Trump's cabinet appointments that are objectively unfit to hold positions due to lack of experience.
I marched w/ friends - young female professionals who are creative & intelligent. Enough to make decisons about their bodies.
I marched w/ my mom a retired teacher who earned Master's while working full-time and raising a family. She deserves better.
I marched to change the messages we give our daughters abt the value of their voices in the world& control over their bodies.
I marched in Washington DC for Women's Rights, Climate Change and against Racism. Equality for my children and grandchildren.
I marched to send the message 2 our gvrmt that women are strong, fierce & not afraid of them! #IMarched #DontPokeTheMamaBears
I made the 11hr drive to march bc it is the responsibility of those who have privilege to stand with/for those who don't.
to stand up against @POTUS' treatment of women & his admin's plans to strip us of basic human rights #WhyIMarch
to show my teen daughter the power of protest, and to feel part of something myself
I marched so nieces & great-nieces will have same right to choose that I did. #WhyIMarch Not going back ... #WomensMarch
I marched for human rights and dignity regardless of age, race, sex, sexual orientation, color, etc.
Young people shouldn't inherit old-age fight against misogyny, racism, homophobia, & xenophobia. We should evolve. #equality
And today the real voices of change will be heard!  Get back to work gillibrand and stop bitching!
I joined the #WomensMarch to support the cause of respect and equal rights for women - economic, social, political.
I marched because I believe all women deserve the same healthcare rights, regardless of economic status.
I marched for love, peace, equality and unity. For the sake of my children and grandchildren I had to speak out!
Marched to support those GOP marginalizes. w/ NY UMC Immigration Task Force. But in support of equality for ALL! #whyIMarch
didn't make the #March but my 1 month old sported his kitty hat in support of #survivors of sexual assault
THANK YOU for NO votes on cabinet noms. I marched against racism, misogyny, xenophobia & for civil rights & the environment
@BobbyTBD I marched so rights we have won't be taken away.
To whom stands against tyrannical leader today gets nomination tomorrow.
- I marched w/ sister & daughter because election of sexist Trump says women are 2nd class citizens. We are not.
Marched in Manchester, UK to show my kids how to stand up for what is right. I'm not in America, but I am still American!
I marched to show current admin they need to think twice before taking away rights and equality for women #WomensMarch
btw marched in #toronto with two other NYers. And a pal from Ohio. #democratsabroad
i marched for a morale boost and to plot next #resist action with our sisters. #WomensMarch #justthestart#resist
for women reproductive rights. So important for #women with #endometriosis and #adenomyosis. #whyIMarch

I marched for health and wellbeing of every person and the environment
my 16yo wanted to document her presence for when she runs for president!
I marched for my son because #BlackLivesMatter & to stand for Immigrants as the child of Holocaust refugees #WhyIMarch
I march to say we will not go away, to show my sons women's voices matter. No Devos, save Roe, We hv your back, Senator.
@Radarr1 I marched to be heard we won't allow our rights be taken away I marched for respect we deserve, expect & demand
WTG!
I marched to stand up for the things I believe in including women's rights and democracy.  The trump agenda is just scary!!!
I take it you are not pro life and not marching today, there are woman's voices there for you.  I vote in NY.
. I marched to protect women's rights, I marched for America!
I marched with a good friend and her 3 yo daughter because she deserves my vigilance for her future.
I marched with my wife and 6yo son and neighbors because women's rights are human rights. Cannot turn back progress
I marched for intersectional feminism, because white silence is violence and #blacklivesmatter
#WhyMarch To make a statement of unity,humanity and #StrengthInNumbers. Must push back when they cross line. #TitaniumOvaries
Thank you for being there! My elderly mom, my sister and her family all in attendance. Women's rights are human rights!
#whyIMarch I am a librarian and know facts build a better world and tyranny represses truth. I will fight as my mother did.
your March was a big hissy fit with no focus. The claim woman's voices aren't heard is a joke, they were heard & voted trump
I marched for women's rights, civil liberties and preserving values of democracy
I marched to protest the decimation of women's reproductive rights, because #BlackLivesMatter, for human decency. #WhyIMarch
bc we have to demonstrate the moral courage so many of our elected leaders lack #whyIMarch grateful you are standing up!
I marched in St. Petersburg Florida for women's rights. Very afraid of losing Roe vs Wade and Planned Parenthood
we marched to keep the Government out of our body choices, for h/c coverage of women's needs, for LGBTQs, for all immigrants.
my first protest march since divesting from South Africa for a show of solidarity and a presence for #LoveTrumpsHate.
#whyIMarch #womensmarch  in DC b/c public schools,LGBTQ+lives,women's rights&black lives matter!
I marched for public  ed. http://liherald.com/stories/South-Shore-residents-in-the-thick-of-Womens-Marches,87583 …
I marched for working moms & my daughter's future
thank you for voting NAY on cabinet picks. Looks like you're the only Dem in the bunch with any COURAGE.
I marched for all people who are marginalized; but mostly I marched for those who cannot. #whyIMarch #WeAreOne
I marched to let this admin & GOP know we are the majority won't let them ruin our democracy! #resist
@DAUKWomenCaucus a few of us wrote about it here.
So proud of this post. Incredible group of women share stories of the #womensmarch & the power of activism. http://www.afeministforeignpolicy.com/blog/2017/1/25/stories-from-the-womens-march … 
I matched in london why? Do stand up to the bully in the White House show him how much we hate his agenda
.@SenGillibrand as an immigrant and a scientist, I marched for the right to stay in a country that believes in scientific facts. #WhyIMarch
I actually have to work for a living, so no.
b/c I want to have children soon, but I'm deeply worried abt the planet they will inherit, and their future quality of life.
#whyIMarch
I marched because of the guy in my gym commenting on how he didn't think I should gain more muscles as it wasn't feminin
I marched cause as a female employer in a male dominating profession I don't accept to be answered with "listen sweetie"!
I marched for my sister who was killed by a man who considered her "his belonging"
Solidarity for the plethora of causes that a progressive multicultural society stands.
i a Danish woman marched in solidarity with all women of this world. #whyimarched
I marched because (in the words of Sam Gamgee), "There's still some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for."
I marched because we can't go back to the 1950s.
I, too, marched to raise the volume of our voices, with hope we might go be heard on ALL issues.
Make me a sandwich woman.

Because I stand on the backs of others, and so have the strength to carry others on mine. Because #BlackLivesMatter.
for my daughter. For her best friends and their two daddy's. For my niece with a disability. For education. For humanity.
Because I believe we are #StrongerTogether. Bc I believe #TheFutureisFemale.
Hope you do run for President. We need you. (Any chance you could light a fire under other senate Dems?)
a despicable POS political hack only in govt for her own personal gain. #TrueNews
@aaweparis1 We need to share our stories from Paris
to show the current majority in the government that I will be holding them accountable and I'm not going anywhere.
No I didnt, and I am not sure that I am clear for the real purpose of the March?
@BethBehrs 
Have you ever lived near an airport? After a short time one does not hear the planes anymore. 
I marched for many reasons - though a focus of #ACA as I have a pre-existing condition #Melanoma
marched for a number of reason - the last was that 45 called his successful campaign mgr "baby" at a public event. What?
I started to cry so I had to leave :(
.  Wanted to but couldn't.  Watched it on MSNBC and felt empowered.  Trump is dangerous!
thank you Senator Gillibrand for your support! I marched in solitary with other women who have been victims of sexual assault
I marched last week in memory of my mother. Her struggles in the civil rights era still inspire me. Thanks for your courage!
https://www.etsy.com/your/shops/PennyHasProblems/tools/listings …
I marched because of the ACA. Please repair not repeal! We are not going back!
