Don't you understand how many people feel Planned Parenthood doing abortions is wrong. Why force taxpayers to fund it. I am a NYer,I won't.
Legal medical procedures should be covered, regardless of someone else's feelings.
There are enough people in this country who will fund them, why force people?
Because healthcare should cover legal medical procedures, which abortion is.
Do you not understand, it is murder to many. Thou Shalt Not Kill, it's one of 10 commandments many live by.
We could focus on providing free contriceptives and sex ed for women and men. An ounce of prevention....
Planned parenthood does that...
Why isn't that enough. People are so lazy they can't be bothered with Birth Control. It's so easy to abort. LAZY LAZY LAZY
are those the people who rely on planned parenthood for those abortions so they can keep having sex without thinking about consequences
Those are the people who rely on PP for birth control, education, std testing, wellness exams and referrals.
which you can get all those things from your family physician or obgyn.
As a teenager I didn't have a OBGYN and couldn't see my family physician. You being able to doesn't mean everyone else can.
Some people don't have insurance. Some people can't afford copays to see a dr. just for a referral to a gyno.
Planned parenthood also performs services on a sliding pay scale.
Planned parenthood is planned murder
98% of abortions happen in the first trimester without any surgical intervention.
Abortions that happen after that are performed on wanted pregnancies that have become incompatible with life because if sever deformity.
However, once a fetus reaches viability it will not be aborted even to save the life of the mother. It will only be delivered early.
Abortions don't happen that late, babies are simply delivered early.
PP will b fine. Jus taxpayer money or fed funding should not be allowed for a means of birth control, ie abort! Educate how not 2 get preg!
@PPFA does proved sex ed. They also provide BC which reduces abortions. The only fed funds they get are Medicaid. Abortions are cash only.
They still get get funds from taxayers that use up that money 4 services of all sorts.  They do get funds for abortions & that should stop
They don't get any funds for abortions.
Only silly young girls that need an abortion.
Thanks for mansplanning gyno care. Was it "silly" of me to use planned parenthood to prevent unwanted pregnancy and abortion?
Use another method, you shouldn't of killed me
I used planned parenthood for birth control so I wouldn't get pregnant or need an abortion. PP prevents more abortions than it performs.
It is my life not yours to take
Who's taking your life?
Planned parenthood only provides abortions
Interesting... when I used them during college, all I got was birth control and a Pap smear to make sure I never needed an abortion.
Sounds like you were very fortunate.
Maybe if you worried about Jobs, Taxes, Security, working to FIX healthcare instead of lying about it Dems could get actual PEOPLE back
Quit lying 
58 centers? no way, thank you GOP
Wouldn't have to talk about abortion so much if people where always taking birth control men and women that would cut 90% of abortions LOGIC
Good thing planned parenthood provides birth control and sexual education.
As long as the people they teach learn from it and mom/dad should also should be teaching  them you know the ones responsible ones no excuse
I don't understand! I thought everyone was covered under ACA? Why go there and not a doctors office?
Because a doctor's office will have a copay and a waiting period to get a referral to an OBGYN who will also have a copay.
Planned parenthood also performs services on a sliding pay scale.
Hitler 6 million dead - Planned Parenthood 7 million dead. Hell is forever and hot foul mouthed Kirsten
Planned parenthood butchers babies
No babies are killed at PP. In fact, access to birth control, education, and abortion greatly reduced infanticide. #StandWithPP #Choice
Abortion pills are distributed at Planned Parenthood, and abortion procedures are carried out there as well. Planned Parenthood says that abortions account for 3% of all their services provided, and that number has been disputed. #MarchforLife
I know Jon Ossoff relied on $730,000 from Planned Parenthood -- Sounds like they are doing fine on their own. #DefundPP There are BETTER DRS
Happy 4th Chuck! We must make this country great again! http://defundpppetition.com 
Your body your choice. My wallet my choice. I choose to not pay for your birth control or abortion.
Why shouldn't health insurance cover prescription medication or legal medical procedures?
There is NOTHING provided by PP that cannot be had at your local health center. PP is a leftist abortion machine. Nothing more, nothing less
Gee whiz, thanks Rick. #mindyourownuterus
No one relies PP except for their salary.  You don't provide healthcare u provider murder. Go ahead call them today & ask for a mammogram.
We the people, who ultimately pay the bills, are entitled to the exact same health coverage Mitch McConnell & Paul Ryan get at our expense.
Good tax payers don't need to fund a private organization that half the country doesn't support anyways. I can't wait till your voted out.
*you're
And, just, no. Actually about 75% of the country supports @PPFA
Is that like those poles that said that 99% of America was voting for Hillary. Just curious.
Weird that Repugnicans oppose abortion but support UNPLANNED parenthood?
And if u have rural hospitals in your state, they will close, and those people will just have suck it up and get to a big city ER.
Oh, I get it, PP refers to your idol's love of golden showers from Russian prostitutes, and you have no argument at all.
Why are we funding a company that pays it's CEO $500,000. and donates millions to politicians? They can operate without fed funds.
The federal funds PP gets comes from Medicaid reimbursements. PP action fund, which is what donates to candidates, is funded privately.
And what do they "rely" on PP for?
For me it was annual exams and birth control. As a first year teacher making <$20K per year, I couldn't afford co-pays and prescriptions.
@PPFA had a sliding scale so I could get my exams and birth control at a price I could afford.
Then how could pp afford to donate to failed democrat running for office in Georgias house race??? Waiting for an answer Kirsten.
PP action fund, which is what donates to candidates, is funded privately.
Well then they ought to fund pp instead.
No, planned parenthood should be funded just like any other medical provider.
Bill will prevent PP abortions, that's a good thing Kirsten...
Those are not the only services they provide.  Frankly i never understood why its anyones business what a couple or woman chooses to do.
Thanks for mansplanning, however if you'd ever used planned parenthood you'd know you were wrong.
I have no idea what third ten abortions are, but I used @PPFA for annual exams and birth control for 8 years of my life.
I think PP will do fine without gov money. You and your friends can give them money to do abortions.
And tell young women to stand up & fight to keep the rights women of my generation got for you.  I'm not doing this again for you all.
The problem is the Religious Right, want more babies running around abused by young mothers who lack support to help w/motherhood stresses.
Anything the federal government does about healthcare is unconstitutional.
I'd love for the Senator to explain to me why the federal government should be paying to support a private organization?
#DemsResist quit saying save #AHCA you don't use #AHCA because you're to
good for it!Stop saying you know what good For America VOTE #GOP
Tell Planned Parenthood to stop doing abortions and funding will be fine.  Abortion does not promote women's health!
Men depend on it just like women do
CALL YOUR SENATORS! #resist
Babies sure don't rely on them
Sure they do! They rely on them to make sure their mother can plan her pregnancy so that every child is a wanted child.
And the unwanted are killed
What positive thing have you done for NY since being in the senate? All you do is want to have more government programs .
The damned bill is pure evil insanity! Sponsored by Satan himself!
So many ignorant trolls commenting here. Read the Hyde Amendment. I rely on PPFA for gyn healthcare. #VoteNoBCRA
I will tell them and we will celebrate when they are shut down! Pay for your abortions with your own money!
Why shouldn't health insurance cover legal medical procedures?
Know who relies on Gov. run healthcare? Dictators. Know who relies on lies? Politicians.
Ya know what prevents abortions? Access to family planning and birth control which PP provides. Also NO Federal $$ goes towards abortions
The unborn can't speak for themselves.
Keep getting this info out and fighting the #AHCA NYers thank you!
Are there not other similar medical clinics available in your state that do not perform abortions?
Why don't you pay for the abortions?
Abortions are actually cash only, so everyone is paying for their own. The Hyde amendment already prevents fed funds from covering abortions
Neutral observer who checked out what PP really offers:  https://www.plannedparenthood.org/health-center/new-york/rochester/14605/rochester-health-center-3332-91040/womens-health …
#DefundPlannedParenthood #DefundPlannedParenthood #DefundPlannedParenthood Do I have to repeat myself to the slow thinkers of the democrats?
And Medicaid would cover billed services for the poor and disabled. Right or is there another plan ? Or loophole ?
In NY state the exchange covers most working poor as far as I know. In fact very well NY State is exceptional ! I  NY
Medicaid should be able to be billed as well as other insurances right ? Or is this incorrect ?
They should be able to bill for services like all OTHER clinics who bill for services. But why should they get designated monies ?
Its always the people who need services the most that are the quickest to vote against their self interest
I support no federal funds,
Why would they rely on PlannedParenthood?  Abortion? They do not provide family planning, nor alternatives, not even mammography.
PP provide BC, sex ed. STD screening, gyno exam, and many other wellness services.
Impossible to believe that reasonable people would be part of such a plan
If people really want Planned Parenthood, bill donate to keep it open. Got to stop the free rides.
Try this as a base for a Democratic health bill:
Repeal Obamacare
Tell them? But she works 4 Gov. Smh. Dems are weak. This bill will pass.
Thank you for fighting so hard, Senator Gillibrand!
I know someone who relied on @PPact for prenatal care.  Not provided!  WTF is with that?
Again you lied about HC. Dems just can't help themselves

Planned parenthood and planned parenthood action fund are seperate things funded by completely different sources.
Sen Gillibrand how do you protect the tax payer from corporate Insurance/hospitals & provide quality healthcare?  That is question
#ImpeachTrumpNOW #Article25Now
Pls watch NRA video promoting violence to resistance by white supremacists to go after resistance or other protesters
No public subsidies. They can survive on their own.
The only federal funds they get are in Medicaid reimbursements. Abortions are cash only.
As a teenager who learned abstinence only "education" in school and at home, @PPFA was my only option for BC, education, testing, and exams.

My dear senator tweaking would not solve the problem voting against it will we already know the damage#vote no
http://opencuny.org/healthdsc/what-to-do-if-youre-uninsured-free-and-low-cost-clinics-in-new-york/ …
WOW. So many clinics. Not all PP! 
http://www.freeclinics.com/sta/new_york 
O I am! I know women that use PP
Please start working on a large personal and corporate tax cut and stop making our party look foolish, also defund all of Planned Parenthood
Lots of clinics on this list. Only 4 are PP.
http://nycfreeclinic.med.nyu.edu/information-for-patients/health-resources/list-by-service …
If you think you don't know someone, you do. 20% of women have been to a planned parenthood. And this man, they took care of me in college.
If planned parenthood can't sustain itself then let them close.  Why should we support their political activism funding democrat candidates
Sorry my vagina is not a Democrat or a Republican  and neither is Planned Parenthood.just saying
https://www1.nyc.gov/site/doh/services/sexual-health-clinics.page …
How many of us used PP at some point, or know someone who did? In my case: my girlfriend, mid-1970s.  RT & share your own connection.
Was it free or did you pay?
Free or really cheap; don't recall. Services: medical exam & contraception.
Rid us of the Russian operative in the White House!
Obama is gone. He was caught on open mic making deals with them. No evidence on trump . Sorry you are mislead by lies.
Right. 

The emperor has no clothes. 
You won't admit it our of fear of being wrong. You've been duped.
Oh really ? What@rock have you been under ? Almost a year of investigation 0 evidence on trump. Obama whisper I will have more leeway ...
