Trump signed an order directing the IRS to avoid cracking down on political activity by religious organizations http://nyti.ms/2pDsaoF 
Can I pray you were out of politics?  Oh, what's your stand on Sharia Law?
@ohiomail .that's whythey came to America Bc they wanted to practice their religion, not go into GOV,kicked them out,o Europe
..The Quakers,Pilgrims,were not going to bow to any king so king George kicked them out of Europe to practice!
Once again, the President shows that he has little or no regard for the law! This may we'll be the birth of tyranny in America!!
Where is the law you site?
Tax law prohibits the promotion of political action. Constitution dictates separation of church and state.
Show me where.... Constitution dictates separation of church and state. HINT. It is not there.
Hint, no separation of church and state? No sense debating with you!!
Hint, it is IRS law.
Point to me where the IRS governs the Constitution. Again, you throw out comments and cannot back it up with facts.
Look it up. Non for profits fall under it. All laws must be deemed constitutional. You should know that, Constitutionalist! Bye, bye!
Separation of Church & State. Written in due to massacres of countless people for not adhering to the King's religion.
Interesting rallying cry, meanwhile I don't see you fighting to oppose gov't intrusion into the religious institution of #marriage.
Thank you @SenGillibrand for your consistent ethical stance on behalf of not only New Yorkers but all Americans.
What has she done for New York? Same accomplishments as when Clinton was a NY Senator, NOTHING. What is she doing about gang epidemic on LI?
Can't say that enough
Isn't this time and place for Religious organizations and Schools to lose their Tax-free status... 
Once again, then you do not understand the Constitution. What a shock.
What is misunderstood is that there is no separation from church and state with in the confines of the Constitution. It is a myth.
Amen
Actually, religion isn't supposed to stay out of govt! Maybe you should read the Bill of Rights again, slowly so it sinks in.
Separation of Church & State was written because kings killed citizens because of their Faith. Religion needs to stay out of State.
While you're at it, keep Government out of most everything else too!
"Congress shall make no law reguarding religeon" This too will be struck down by the SCOTUS.
Time to start a religion!
To quote @blainecapatch: "We need to electrify the fence between church and state"
So do something about it.  Work with fringe Republicans like Murkowski and get them to crush this B.S.
Thank you, @SenGillibrand .
Amen!  
I'm sure the evangelicals are creaming in their pants right about now.
Thank you Senator Gillibrand! So proud to call you my senator!
Thank you, @SenGillibrand While everything is scary these days, this latest shift to mixing religion & govt feels particularly ominous.
Totally agree. #AmericanTaliban #ferf
You'd think we'd learn?
With you Kirsten.  Everyone, Be Aware
I agree with you Senator.
He only did it for the whacky scientologists because he's building a gaudier building next to theirs and needs the variance.
Yes. Absolutely!
Amen, sister!
What would you now say standing before your creator? USA was born into god fearing communities. They said no to government created religion.
Agreed!
Please run in 2020
Thought this was solved 220+years ago. I see a law suit. Yo?
Not anymore. The Constitution cannot stand up to the GOP. As long as their man is in the White House, they will quickly change everything.
Our country is so f*****d with  45 in the WH!!! 
Religious groups need to start paying taxes!
Because you don't like them?
please run for president
So now your saying we shouldn't force people to bake cakes?
Thank you thank you !!!!!
Senator, I agree 100%!  This is a step totally backwards.
That's how I was raised & what I learned in school.
Your president Barry targeted religious groups with the IRS. We heard nothing from you
You should live by the words you preach Senator. Not sure that happens.
Leave The Sisters of the Poor alone. You are so wrong!!!!
Can you revoke tax exemptions for religious groups that exploit this
Like Obama forcing christians to violate their beliefs and values. You liberals talk out both sides of your asses
@nytimes exactly!  My stomach was sick listening to Agent Orange and his bible banging sidekick this morning. Church State.
Representation without taxation...that seems wrong, right? #wtf #taxthechurches #seriously
just tax the churches? Not the mosques or synagogues or other places of worship? Because you don't like them?
Thank you, Senator!
Executive order especially for white evangelicals
Do you take Christmas off Senator?
Pff, Christmas lost religious relevance a long time ago
Then no one will be upset if we say Merry Christmas again instead of Happy Holidays!
If politics can be talked about from the pulpit they should be taxed. Tithes should not be a tax deduction just like political donations.
You want to tax them for talking about politics? Why? Aren't they allowed free speech?
(I am Christian) I know every one of my neighbors is American but not every one is Christian. Happy to keep my God out of govt for them.
“@SenGillibrand: Keep government out of religion and religion out of government. 
https://twitter.com/nytimes/status/860179477845999616 …” Churches must PAY TAXES NOW!
Trump signed an order directing the IRS to avoid cracking down on political activity by religious organizations http://nyti.ms/2pDsaoF 
I agree!
A shame Trump had to remind politicized IRS of that.
If religion wants to be involved in government then they should lose their tax exempt status!
And out of my life. I have no use for anyone's fairy stories.
maybe if you had made the tea party pay taxes we wouldnt be where we are today
Yes!
When you are President this sort of thing will stop.
and keep Congress out of obamacare
If only it was in the Constitution....oh wait
It's in the constitution
The Constitution says to keep government out of religion. Does not address religion in government
Specifically the Constitution prohibits impeding the exercise of religion and the establishment of a national religion.
YES!
