"I’m never reenlisting." Marine Corps rocked by nude-photo scandal. http://wapo.st/2n5Oe70 
We need to hold those who commit such crimes accountable as well as the commanders who allow this toxic climate to occur in the first place.
Kirsten, all these years you've been covering for your colleagues sexual abuse of women, perhaps men too. Also Kirsten, you need to account for the taxpayer money used to pay hash money. To make matters worst, the victims were coerced to be quiet. Silence is acceptance Kirsten!
@Pie_SocialMedia What about AFG interpreters? Good luck getting help now. Plz join w @SenatorShaheen to keep our promise.
I'm so angry. I'm a former Marine, advocate, and v/blogger. This happened to me in 2009 and the SMMC pushed it under the rug
You are inspiring. Keep up the good fight!
thank you!
@InLWithLBeingL , Her pictures were on Instagram, says  so I believe in the 6th paragraph of this article. Hows that private?
@washingtonpost @Tmgneff CALL FOR THEIR DISHONORABLE DISCHARGE OR IT'S ALL JUST LIP SERVICE
Me too!
To treat any woman--any person--in that way is wrong. It's not the fact that they were Marines that makes this wrong.
@peterdaou Those who allegedly committed the acts also willing to do anything to protect country. R they disgraceful
Shouldn't we wait to get the facts before we condn the young Marines putting their lives on the lie?
I think the facts are established there is afb page with naked pictures and women didn't consent
feels like folks are feigning disbelief but literally The Invisible war, influenced yr policy making. Plz be brutally honest.
#Benghazi Shut up, grandstander.
yeah except clearly they don't consider them to be fellow marines.
Well, look what their Commander in Chief has done. Disgusting.
@CoryBooker what does our President say about this? Sounds like a thing he would do since he has no moral compass. MARINES!
It points out the problem with women in the military: Men. #GrowUpBoys
I heard them trying to equate this with pin-up girls' pictures. They forgot about CONSENT... & RESPECT.
My sister was a Marine - the stories she shared about how she was treated and things that were said to her were appalling.
boohoo that afew nudes got leaked. Aren't there more important things going on in this world?
As a vet myself,but also as a male who was raised with good moral values,I hope that this incident will bring change.
Unfortunately,the military has been a hotbed for misogynists even prior to accepting women.This needs to end.
Coming from a woman who’ll “do anything” to get elected... #gillibrandfraud
@sw3463 we are a United Marine Corps, but we're not all Marines United
furious
@AmandiOnAir Thank you. I guess 30k service members are too many to dishonorably discharge
Thank you for bringing MST to the attention of the Congress.
@CoryBooker Semper Fi ?  Wow, I just don't understand this. Granted my service was before social media but loyalty's a given
military culture forgets female troops are expensive human resources + male & female are supposed to all on the same side.
i hate to tell you this, but they don't necessarily have the best track record
I agree: male mysogeny is ubiquitous: alive and well in the 21st century: there's always hope they will learn!
@CoryBooker This is so disrespectful to those who serve and sometimes give all.
Grab em by the pussy. They'll let you do anything.
@CoryBooker So sad. The girls thought ISIS was the enemy.
@CoryBooker and it'll somehow be the woman's fault in all of this to some people. This is just sad.
@CoryBooker you know why giving army the "keys to the city" was a big deal in ancient times right? are you really surprised?
IMO, as a veteran myself, the post 9/11 military has been given free reign to act how they like. Now this.
if they are found guilty they should be sentenced to serve two years in a military combat unit ••• - - - •••
@CoryBooker don't agree with you often but whole country should be outraged about this prosecute the people responsible
-- Hey, come on -- It's "locker room" talk.  Oh wait, that sound true with @realDonaldTrump, either!
the military continues to treat women as non-people and yet we are surprised when this happens.
totally agree Senator. Please stay on them and help see that justice is served. The perps have no right to serve in the military.
this is the worst news I've heard today, and I say that w/full knowledge that DT is in the WH. These women deserve better
agreed kg
Women should not have to be drafted for service under these conditions! Rape/ sexual assault/ nude photos? .@GOP
Another scandal highlighting the need to protect women against military sexual assault. Unacceptable! UCMJ changes needed.
unfortunately there are pigs everywhere
Sexual harassment& assault in military is vast, under reported and rarely punished
can we rest assured our military will remain decent when President of the United States is a predator as well?
Go get em, Senator. This sickens me. Thank you for all you do. 13905
Just following the Commander in Chief.
You know, when you have a sexual predator in the #WhiteHouse, it's hard to get the boys not to be nasty boys.
I can't imagine what these men are thinking.These women are ur fellow Marines.why wld u treat them with such disrespect?
as a female US NAVY veteran I am disgusted by this. These men should be dishonorably discharged. Nothing else acceptable.
agree.
Distasteful?? This is criminal.
It is criminal, methinks, but she said "disgraceful," which has an appropriate weight, IMO
Indeed. I didn't mean to be disparaging.
I figured you just read it wrong or something. 
Thank you for speaking out. Heard from Tulsi?
Mysoginy runs rampant in the military.
Cigarettes cause more than 480K deaths a year in the USA. This is 1 of 5 deaths. But Muslims R Security Threat?
Yeah but this is 'Merica! I can smoke if I want to! Freedom to do what I want when I want!
Will Mathis make a statement-came up during his hearing
Oh no.
Don't justify what is alleged but certainly no worse than what POTUS their commander has admitted that he likes to fo.
@peterdaou It's more than disgusting.   It's a breach of trust and loyalty.  I hope they rot in the brig.
Well said.
also  upset about this. Shouldn't the fact that the women were fellow marines engender respect instead of blatant sexism?
were you equally infuriated by Rep Richmond's sexist and misogynistic comments?  Neither are acceptable & both deserve scorn!
.@SenGillibrand ur 100% right. No one shud b treated badly esp those who protect basically strangers. 
Me too. I hope you will conduct an investigation
@RepMcSally @SenJohnMcCain Disgraceful how the military treats women.
