Breaking News: A federal judge in Hawaii has ruled against Trump's revised travel ban, issuing an order to block it http://nyti.ms/2n1maFh 
explain how it's wrong, Kirsten. Someone, anyone, please explain how it's wrong. I'll wait.
Because it's discriminatory, unnecessary, and possibly unconstitutional?
please educate yourself. It's important that you do. Have to stop living in a world of just good feelings.
It discriminates based on nationality, our vetting system is already extremely rigorous. What did I say wrong?
already rigorous? Really? The DHS and FBI both claimed we can't vet individuals from those countries.
You mean Comey's statements? He said it's not a perfect system and there is some risk, but it's very minimal
who gets the blame for next terror attack in country? Trump? Judges? Gillibrand?
Um, the terrorist? So far terrorists have been a) white, male Americans or b) naturalized US citizens
watching "45" in Nashville tn, he is out of control. Praying for our country. 
oh yea, he's a total loose cannon! Improving the economy and opportunity for all, while trying to keep us safe.
45 Improved the economy in less than 3 months? Following that logic admit it you must love Pres Obama. 
Dow is soaring, 80 billion in investment and nearly 300k AMERICAN jobs. So yea, I'd say it's improving...
All this in less than 3 months? Yup, 45 inherited a real mess. Can he cure cancer as well? #SMH
No. Those who petulantly resist law & order while capitulating to barbarism act as enemies to all American citizens.
Well 6-year-olds definitely resist law & order, but I wouldn't say they capitulate to barbarism...
Interestingly, Leftist rioters also resist law & order, but I'm certain that my  6 yr old niece & 7 yr old nephews act more appropriately.
Are you referring to the women's march?
so let me clarify. You are spending MY money to ban people that do not live in the US from coming here w/o being vetted.
They are vetted. It takes 2-3 years, five gov't agencies, and has a 50% acceptance rate. Half are children.
PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT!!!!!!
Yes! Please do!!! So we can win re-election with absolute ease! Or run Hillary again!
Ha, Ha, Ha... well that would remain to be seen. He has very little credibility left at all.
Please, spell out how President Trump has little credibility, if you're able to, of course.
yet you had no problem when Obama did it you hypocrite
So the Judicial Branch is now in charge of Immigration. Which part of the Constitution covers that?
@POTUS 2 for 2, you lose Donald. You & your white supremacist do not represent the People. Racism is not US
congrats on demonstrating your bigotry and racism to all on the Internet.
Rather than making us safer his ban gives radicals cause to hate us & lets them recruit to combat our 'war on Muslims.'
They already hate the west. Might have a bit to do with US BOMBING THEM FOR 16 YEARS STRAIGHT.
But allowing those banned people to starve to death gives substance to their claims that we hate Muslims.
think the end justifies the means? U may agree with results but not even you are stupid enough to believe they had authority
Please view Utube video of Josh Tolley detailed account of volunteer from Missouri regarding refugee program-Must Watch
Please educate yourself
Memo to media: it's not a travel ban. its a temporary halt on some immigration. It's called national sovereignty https://www.conservativereview.com/commentary/2017/02/7-statutes-that-clearly-support-trumps-immigration-executive-order …
But it was ok when Obama did it, right.
u DO realize it's one of the most foolish court rulings in recent memory. U dont understand yet ur a public servant?! #scary
Please call it what it is..a MUSLIM BAN
you can't be serious...educate yourself on this ruling and you'll see its horrible and unconstitutional.
nope.
have an independent investigation on 911,FBI REPORT WAS FABRICATION,NANO THERMITE.PATRIOT ACT:ISRAELS TOTAL IMIUNITY FOR 911
the next Terrorist Attack the blood is on your hands
what about Obamas ban on Cuban refugees? How do you feel about that one hmm?
one more
https://www.conservativereview.com/commentary/2017/03/yes-liberals-we-can-deny-entry-to-any-immigrant-and-for-any-reasons …
shame on you for putting immigrants feelings before the safety of Americans.  SMDH
Guess history wasn't your best subject? Or are so called "bans" okay when done by a liberal?
Yes, it's so wrong now.  Let's all ignore the fact that Obama (while Hillary was Sec State) & Clinton did the same thing.
@RobbieBiller Wrong! The courts are not ruling on Law. These Judges are plainly political and should be removed from office.
Gov. Ige is already regretting his statement.  Hawaii has only taken in 127 refugees since 2002.  No Syrians. NY thousands.
Ms Gillibrand please hear us. We need you to sponsor and attend regular community meetings
child support, parent "visitation, divorce court goes against everything our Country was founded on
I'm proud that you are our Senator! Keep fighting the good fight.  #resist
it's things like this that have inspired me to run for local office.  Thk u for all u do! Be the change you want to see!
I don't remember you this angry when Obama did the same thing?!? 
Just shut up.
Ask Sweden how it's going for them
I value the safety and security of my family and friends, don't really give a rip about un-vetted invaders from 3rd world
Add Maryland to the list too!
I'd be happier if  governor wasn't Republican. He's been quiet about ban&raids but he hasn't spoke out against it
Not a fan of Hogan. Are you in Anne Arundel? We have an Anne Arundel Indivisible.....(let me know if you wish to join and DM me)
I'm actually Montgomery County. Live in Silver Spring, work in Rockville at HHS. But have family in Anne Arundel.
If fam interested they can join. We meet every 2 weeks. Also passed non discrimination bill in Annapolis city.
Haha I would but sadly they are the lunatic Trump supporters. I wouldn't push that on you. 
Oh no. Keep them away. Thank you.
lol I've stopped talking to them so 
You are clueless! Countries allow immigration to help the country not to destroy it. Legal merit based immigration is good.
But it just fine and dandy when Obama did it, right?  #hypocrite
three cheers for judicial tyranny one step closer to rebellion. How dumb can the establishment get.
You Go!
Your values clearly don't include protecting the US CITIZENS you are paid, w/ US TAX dollars, to protect.  #notmyvalues
You're a fake Senator. #Russianplantsenator "this is deeply concerning"
@Tuttivero which makes me worry what trump will do next? #Resist #trumprussia
Why didn't the courts rule against @BarackObama 's #TravelBan???
Ahhhh #Liberal judges, gotta love them. 
#DesperateDemocrats
his was specific to a particular incident & only lasted until investigation completed.big dif.
the ones that are wrong are the democrats. Disgusting excuse of a representative of American citizens when non Americans 1st
When there is a attack it's on you
you are so wrong. Look at Europe, esp. Sweden, for how well these people are doing. Nice? Is that what we want? Short ban.
Absolutely not.  We DEMAND security. If you do not get that, GET OUT OF GOVERNMENT. #SecurityMatters
No way! Pres has right to ban ANYBODY, ANYTIME, ANY REASON! KEEP AMERICA SAFE!
I don't know about you, but I VALUE MY SAFETY, LIFE & MY FAMILY'S LIVES FIRST & FOREMOST !!
so much winning!
@AmazingSOP1 gillibrand is my homie. Come down to SC and teach @SenatorTimScott  and @LindseyGrahamSC lindse a few things
@nytimes just first round. By the time it reaches the Supreme Court, Gorsuch will be seated.
@nytimes Killing babies is against American values also but.....
No, no it doesn't go against "everything".
IF a ban is placed on ALL countries, can no longer cry 'religion'!
I am so sick and tired of you and your good for nothing rotten party and your hypocrisy.
So when are you going to put up those Syrian immigrants in your home(s)?
@nytimes When will my Senators from NY read the Constitution? Maybe if we put pictures.........
Haha I love this. Little snowflakes need a picture book and a safe space
You can take out the words "Travel Ban" and your statement would still make sense 
I value my life and my fellow Americans' lives.  A pause and review of screening policies from 6 sponsors of terror is wise
Agreed and fully support it.
Thank-you for your consistent stance against the admin's unAmerican orders and nominees. Proud UR my Sen.
.@SenGillibrand Trump #TravelBan 3.0 to read, "certain people, not the Muslim ones. We didn't say Muslim... but really them anyway." #NoBan
I agree! And thank you for speaking out against it. As you did the first time too. #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
hope Democrats strongly block his nominee to #SCOTUS ... remember #Garland please
WAH WAH WAH, lets throw a fit because we didn't get our way..Typical ...
Why? Do you and Schumer have more Muslim pedophiles you want to help come to America to rape more 12 yr old little girls?
thank you for fighting the good fight. But let's call a spade a spade. It's a Muslim Ban like @tedlieu says.
From the birthplace of the greatest president since Lincoln!  #Hawaii #Obama
Newsflash: Obama is actually the worst. How do you sink us trillions further into debt? Please be more intelligent
YEAH !
I am sure you are. Supports your priorities of open borders, abortion on demand an illegal immigration- yeah!
Do you have any records of Gillibrand advocating for open borders or are you just assuming?
#Gillibrand2020
Makes re-election even easier. Keep running terrible candidates, please!
So much winning.
Yeah... so much
Hey @realDonaldTrump take a hint already
