This is a bad idea.  Medicare pays all doctors, good and bad, the same amount for services regardless of quality.
What this would do is reward poor quality service and remove any incentive / reward for excellence.
The good doctors will leave practice, maybe migrating to research and we will be left with poor quality service.
This is an EXTREMELY bad idea.
Well someone's reading Karl Marx again
Where's the origin of my debt to you? Where's the origin of your entitlement to my effort?

In the past this was called slavery not progress
They need to look at the UK healthcare. New Zealand's healthcare system, in New Zealand it's 45-$55 to see a doctor. It cost $5 prescription, hospital visit and operations are free.The UK is simular even #Trump said about how great the UK heaths system was #healthCare is a RIGHT!
Give the American people the same as what congress gets for the same costs they pay and then all would agree.  #the Congress health plan
HYPOCRITES!!!  VOTED YOURSELVES OUT OF OBAMACARE.. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE TELL US WHY.  AS IF WE DONT ALREADY KNOW

This should be voted by American people that is the problem, we're left out on all these great, (not)plan that you all have and were not asked were told! So we are going to start telling you what to do, that is why your there in DC, so leave, we don't want you! #GoAway
Wrong.
Where in the constitution does it say healthcare is a right???
Hasn't  your friend Bernie been arrested yet for bank fraud. You politicians are nothing but sleazebags, and you wonder why we voted Trump
Wonder if the Dems plan on using it themselves,it will destroy our healthcare
Here is a clue..any insurance you are forced to buy or else you will be penalized for every year you do not sign up after you PAID IN FOR YOUR ENTIRE EMPLOYMENT YEARS during a time when your income is lowest is unjust.
Are you on Medicare? You think it is this wonderful healthcare? I work in appeals and grievances, I do not even know where to begin on why this is not what everyone would want for themselves.
We will expect that both you and Bernie begin by donating all your savings to begin the funding for this.
Then all rate will go up for people already paying higher rates, and expensive meds. That's not right either, if you can make it to where the rates don't go up and we all pay the same, fine, but I know that won't happen! Medicare not what it is all cracked up to be!
Make sure you fight for this everyday.
I have worked for 40 years and have paid into Medicare. If you want to give it to persons who never contribute, it will not be there when my children need it.
Nope wrong
It is a service and privilege not a right. Socialist much?
I feel the Bern!

Protecting my credit information is a right not a privilege too. Why aren't you addressing #equifaxbreach #EquifaxDataBreach? Why silent?
Join Bernie's struggle against reality! 
Monty Python accurately predicting the insanity of the SJW movement. 

"Its symbolic of his struggle against reality." …
Still trying to find that in the Constitution or Bill of Rights.  So far, drawing a complete blank.
You just made that up. Try reading the Constitution rather than UN "fact sheets".
Check out this explanatory video showing how single payer saves us money, while covering everyone.
Suggest you look at Venezuela and how well that worked out. Or Canada how long it takes to be seen by doctor.
You talking about the same Bernie as the one in the video saying that Medicaid for all will bankrupt us?
Nowhere in the Constitution does it say healthcare is a right. #Medicare aint FREE & only covers 80% 'when' doctors accept it.
So you want to force medical professionals  to provide a service?
For everyone on the planet or just your country?
No. It is not a right
No to govt controlled healthcare. This would be the end of healthcare. Open the market, govt open medication negotiation.
The #VA is a lovely example of how gov't makes people suffer & die when they run something. You're #Insane.
Both of you are out of your mind! Who is going to pay for this new "right"?!
Medicare for all - Goodluck trying to locate the doctor they "assign" to you and even better luck when you receive an EOB denying the claim
Perhaps you'll let us know when you have actual specifics?
Really? I missed that in the Bill of Rights, can you show us where it's written in the Constitution?
I'm so glad to hear that. Thank you for being a co-sponsor and fighting for Medicare for All. No one should be without healthcare.
.... It's not Medicare For All ....
Why are you focusing on this political stunt instead of Graham-Cassidy and protecting ACA?  You are putting politics ahead of people.
http://NO.MONEY .  Every American now owes $65,000 because of your insane spending. Get a grip on it, then talk MORE TRILLIONS
health care is not a right! If you want health care you pay for it.  Make it competitive then all can afford
 Get government out of health
Not at the cost of everyone else.
Its a right if you buy it.  You're asking an insurance company to protect you or you're asking a doctor help you.  Both need to make money.
Awesome! Keep it up! Thank you!
MORE #libtards that are WRONG!!! 
Better 2B thought an IDTenT than 2 open your face gash and remove ALL DOUBT!!!!
Silence B lost on fools!
Anything taken by force or fraud (you're proposing both) is not a Right. By your moronic definition forcing u to buy me a gun is a Right.
Who is paying for it?  The US can barely support the current citizens on Medicare.  #keeptaxing
Bernie abandoned his followers....he let crooked Hillary trick him and He left us behind. I will not support him.
Where in the Constitution does it say that?
Did you even go to school?
Lol goodluck!
Health care or Health insurance?  Not the same.
Oh I thought we were all entitled to Medicare work pay into, turn 65 collect
When will owning a Lamborghini become a right? Sign me up!
Right, because anything you WANT, or think you deserve IS YOURS, by right. What a crock of bullshit. Look up Hill-Burton act, then comment.
Healthcare a right? What makes it a right? If it's said enough times it becomes a "right"? What makes something a right vs not a right?
Thank you!
Way2go to go senator!
Funny, I never found that in our BOR or our Constitution. You make this shit up as you go along don't ya.
"It's a right not a privilege?" Socialism hasn't worked, and I'm not toting the note for someone else's healthcare..leave us out of it!
Where did you come up with that? Filthy politician. Why dont you go to medical or nursing school then offer your work and time for free?
https://plus.google.com/+SheikhMubarak/posts/WSpYBKR13ha …
Healthcare is not a "Right". 

We are responsible for our own well-being. Not a bloated corrupt government.

Read the Bill of Rights.
Healthcare may be a right. But you don't have a right to the resources.
The fuck took you so long, you corporate tool? Nvm I just answered my own question
Aren't you going to throw the F word in a few times?
The USA is a disgrace over health care of its citizens.
Thank you!!
It would be more accurate to say you Believe healthcare Should be a right, since it's clearly not enumerated in the Bill of Rights.
The Constitution is apparently whatever you want it to be.
https://www.amazon.com/Bluetooth-Light-ALECTIDE-Smart-Music/dp/B0746F2PGF/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&qid=1505370915&sr=8-4&keywords=ALECTIDE …
cool bulbs
This is just wrong on so many levels. So government pretty much takes of health care? Umm have you seen the VA?? #HealthCareForAll ? smdh..
You cannot force doctors to give services at the low rates you are willing to pay. You're high if you think quality of care will be the same
If it's a "right" then you'll force doctors to work?  Are health professionals slaves because of their chosen occupation? #socialismsucks
EZ for U who get free healthcare (for the rest of ur lives) to force me to pay for everyone else and pay triple when I'm old n out of work
Remember "well care"? I can't afford it anymore bc I pay for everyone else now
You don't own someone's labor for rights either!
Correct! If you are forced to work for someone else's privelege, well damn! That's called slavery
Well here ya go! Welcome to the selfish, self entitled regressive left era. May we see light on the other side post shit storm of sophistry.
Who's pays? 20 tril in debt govt or those of us who work our a$$e$ off to pay more for less & support deadbeats and illegals?  We pay urs 2!
If that's the case then why is the government doing so poorly with veteran healthcare when they're just a fraction of the entire U.S. pop?
Thank you on behalf of all sufferers of rare diseases
Thank you!
It hasn't worked anywhere why u r such a progressive democratic socialist elitist think that u can do any better
@SenGillibrand when has health care NOT been a right to have in this country? Why do you mince words to push an agenda? You want HC to...
be a gift. It's always been a right.
If healthcare is a right that means u can force someone to provide it if no Dr available you can force someone to be a Dr  is that ur intent
Another example of women straying too far from the kitchen.
Sen. Gillibrand: Good! Please go to the mat for this cause, and *keep going* until the finish line.
Gillibrand, Healthcare is a privilege for the majority ,exceptions like vets,  now where is the money coming from for free health care.
50 % of America contribute nothing to government so again you Democrat pigs want us to fund everything while your voters contribute nothing
No it is NOT. And you calling it a "right" doesn't make it one. #BillOfRights #socialismsucks #singlepayer
Wrong. Health care is something you pay for, like a haircut, or lawn care. Stop being stupid. Join spitting Bernie, he and his wife R losers
Health care isn't even a need, much less a right. How about food clothing & shelter..., are they rights, how about a job comrade Kirsten?
None of that matters when you're dying of cancer.
health care doesn't matter when you're homeless. why doesn't you communists take care of them 1st?  because they don't vote that's why
Life = Health. You can't have one without the other. You're putting cart before the horse. No homes for someone dead from curable condition.
Heath care is a service. You can't have a right to someone else's service. That's slavery
Thank you and fight on!  Chattanooga has your back!
No it is NOT a RIGHT. Life, Liberty and the PURSUIT of happiness could be considered rights and then FOR CITIZENS ONLY! Healthcare - NO.
So taking more of my property to try to give benefits to others is now a "right".

Would you support arming citizens through the treasury?
If you don't know what a "right" is, you should step down. You are not qualified to hold that seat.
Spending other peoples money is the way of the democrats.
SHOW ME IN THE CONSTITUTION
 OR 
BILL OF RIGHTS  

THAT ITS A RIGHT!!!

IT SAY THE PURSUIT OF....

LIBERALS ARE BECOMING PATHETIC!!!
owning  gun is a right too, does that mean I can make you pay for it?

I dont want universal health care! It is not a right!
Do unborn babies have a right to Healthcare?
Not even in the "top 10"
Wrong again
Puh-leeze...show me where it says it is a right. Or are you just ignorant?
NOT A RIGHT
It's a SERVICE, not a right. Nice attempt to force socialized medicine down our throats lady
Thank you.
