YES!!! You’re my senator and I  and support you!!!!! Thank you, Senator!!
The Socialist Party of Deceit wouldnt go along with it.  They amass more outside special interest cash than Republicans do...by a long shot.
That is #1 reason I won't run. I'm sorry but I can't deal with the hateful, vile comments you & other women in govt get. Thx for fighting!
It's horrible. A very smart, capable friend ran for city counsel here. She used to have a fashion blog. They took screen shots to mock /1
her for daring to look professional and share her outfits. Bc of course you can't be smart & enjoy clothing.  So tired of this shit. /2
Ack. Council. Thanks Siri. 
"I'd pay $70000 amd most Americans would pay something like that".  Most Americans dont make $70k in a year.  So out of touch with reality.
I gotta Netflix to watch the entire video?
Not only yes, but f**k yes! 

#GetMoneyOut
#Pragmatism
Your part of the nastyness


This is "Hillary's majority" ... 
Even if public funded,is difficult to ask for good polititians since they are few,and they are the mirror of our society #CatalanReferendum
Absolutely
Is this for real
How about just passing #TermLimits 
I'd pay $7 a year to get Hollywood out of politics.
BUT - all of the Leftist NGOs, Think Tanks, and George Soros' organizations could contribute as much as THEY wanted.
Unfair.
So let's get rid of leftist money too.What's your point? Soros advocates policies that help workers.The Koch's advocate for billionaires
The loser of the last election was the one who spent big. How gullible do you have to be to give pols more $$ to "get $$ out of politics"?
You are an embarrassment to New York.
Yeah it’s idealistically lovely but it’s impossible. The networks depend on that advertising, so there’s anoth lobby that wud oppose.
So you're saying people are stupid? Again? Right?
Idiots. When they succeed at this they will have succeeded at eliminating free speech, & installing a dictatorship.
Thank you Chelsea for bring these topics forward and educating people!  You are making a difference.  Namaste!
Well said Sen. Gillibrand! I'd happily pay $7 to be rid of the millionaires & billionaires buying our elections!
yeah like George Soros
Ineed to know we can take money from the system,and gets some justice while taking country back from hostage.
You are as corrupt as the next one. Used to be a die-hard Dem., then saw M.M. movie sicko--Hillary took the most money!!! That was it for me
Look at the countries that have a public funding system. Reduce the payroll of representatives and make it a part-time job=Utopia 
Democrats receive more corporate money than gop. Check it.
Doesn't matter.  Corporations should not be allowed to buy politics! End of story.
you think you are the elite. primary Riggers the shame of a Nation
https://twitter.com/MarkDice/status/908163542628524034 …
I'm in!!!

Everybody in America should vote if they don't vote they should tell why they should just keep on making things better
Take my money Kirsten!!!!
They can buy print ads but no tv or radio ads. All candidates would get the same amount of time use it as they see fit then ban PACs
And that time gets evenly split between each candidate. When a candidate uses up their time that is it not able to buy any air time ever
We can do it better than that. Have FCC require that all radio and tv stations set aside a preset amount of time durring each election cycle

Yes!!! Yes I would
It's funny your bringing that up since Chelsea donated money to Hillary and she had the most money than any other candidate???
I shouldn't have to spend a dime more than what I already pay for Congress to represent me ...
Anyone who has a conversation with Chelsea Handler has got to have a screw loose
Why is this woma talking to Chelsea who is nothing but nasty.
Oh pls... r u saying women r so timid and weak they can't handle negative ads?
It's a great idea, but is it just an idea or is there something in place that can be followed up on? Need more information.
Absolutely! Who is this intelligent woman?!
Sounds like circular logic to me.
We need to deal first with left-wing monopoly on American media, before we can move to campaign financing.
Kirsten Gillibrand should answer first for campus rape haux witch hunts she helped to perpetrate on American colleges.
A political world without Koch brothers or Mercer money?? Cheap at twice the price!

YES!  Sign me up!
Everyone pay $7 a year senator or just certain people? You want little things but don't want everyone to pay a fair share.Just bill the rich
Omg yes, I would pay more!!!!! I do not want all this conflict of interest and people buying others out, just all should be against the law
We don't need to do this.. we MUST do this.
Yes! It's so obvious. More money solves every social and legislative issue!
How is making Americans pay $7 toward you being elected "getting money out of politics?" What do I get for my $7?
Corporations are not people. Without people there would be no corporation. Something to ponder.
Of course she would pay..........She is worth upwards of $40 million dollars!
Out of touch with reality!
Jus Sayin
