You had your chance with Obamacare. It is FAILING and you want to keep it. The 3 things you listed are BS, all costing me more now. #ACAFail
No, our elected officials won't work together... so it failed but the idea was a good one everyone deserves health care regardless of wealth
Are you serious? So now the govt can force you to buy a product you do not want. That is unconstitutional. Passed due to it being a tax!
Healthcare is not a “product” like a phone. It is a necessity, like police, military, roads, which we pay for whether we “want” them or not.
ACA is insurance forced on us. It is NOT a right. It is NOT healthcare. Any1 can get healthcare via the emergency room as a last resort.
Right, we have universal  health insurance: Emergency room care, the MOST expensive, LEAST effective option. And we all pay for it. Bad deal
I agree with that statement, very inefficient, but it is there. They take care of emergencies regardless of ability to pay.
We all pay for ER care for the poor. Universal health care coverage has always been the law, but how do we manage it? ACA is a cost saver.
What's your position on HR676 and Bernie's Medicare for All plan? Having read HR676 it seems like a smart framework.
How much are you willing to pay in taxes for nationalized single-payer?
During 2020 primaries figure I saw was +$4K for upper-middle-class fam, but NO premiums and NO copays and NO risk of med bankruptcy.
This is a complete and total LIE! It is such an obvious lie it should come back to haunt you in your next election.
Making our voices heard and making that happen
Please bring the democratic plan to the public. Force your way into the republic meetings on healthcare.  We need you.
Yes everyone knows it isn't perfect but 24 million people who wouldn't have health insurance other wise have it because of ACA.
Over 20 million are still uninsured under ACA. Single payer is to ACA as ACA is to AHCA in terms of uninsured
Yes it isn't perfect but it's better than what was before.
Now is the time to rally around the best idea - we're not going to win back the country by being the anti-whatever the GOP wants to do party
I say single payer all the way. But yeah they are wrong about most things not everything. Haha
Health insurers tell @sarahkliff that they are raising premiums *because of* the Trump administration’s actions:
How do you propose to pay for this? The government can't even properly run the VA.
US Government already overpays for no coverage. Spending smarter = rejecting #Conservative plans.
How much government health care money ends up paying health ins CEO's, upper mgt salaries, profits? Health care should be non-profit
#SinglePayer is the civilized answer. Take the profits out of the equation.
People seem to believe this, but insurance profits are a tiny fraction of health care costs.
Yes! I'm hugely in favor of this!
This is what I support. Thank you!
This woman is sharp. Gives me hope. Future leadership on a national level? @SenGillibrand
The best way to make ACA work is to remove the insurers' power in the debate. It's not about them, it's about the insured.
Even better fix is HR 676 - Medicare for all!! We have this one window of opportunity to truly fix this nation's healthcare!
Now, after 8 years & R's plan u come up with a suggestion? Amazing that all this time u didn't care when people's premiums went up and up!
How about single payer instead?
It's called singlepayer medicareforall and comes out of everybody's taxes.
Medicare for all is best and most economic
medicare for all.
But the public option would be less expensive, and drive insurance companies out of the market.
As your constituent, go for Medicare For All! If you can't get that passed, then settle for a public opt. Don't make the same mistake as BO
So gov. Controlled healthcare is the answer? How's that working for the VA & the other gov. Run programs? How high will taxes increase?
Single payer. Let's join the rest of the industrialized world.
Absolutely.
Now is clearly the time to persue that option. Look fwd to making that part of your platform!
Medicare for all
No you can't Gilly! ACA is gone forever! Good riddance. The whole AFFORDABLE part NEVER worked. Never will let it die on the Senate floor.
I LUV this idea!!! 
Seven years to fix that crappy bill, and now all of a sudden you Dems are full of fixes. Too late, cupcake. The people have spoken!
No one spoke but big money donors.
I'm not big money, I knew 0care was a disaster, and would cost me lots of money.
I nominate you for Chief of Staff/Chair of the Shadow Cabinet.
Why are you waiting until now to come up with ideas on #ObamaCare?
Good idea Senator. I hope to see a similar program at the state level.
Kinda like Venezuela
Where can we find information about this?
Single payer!
As 2 NY19 Rep voters said to me yesterday, "healthcare shld not be business, really, people aren't commodities." Result of them seeing AHCA.
They regret their vote for Rep. Faso and vow to never support him again. Think he has betrayed them.
Now why couldn't the men on the committee think of that!  Brilliant!
Yup sure can Medicare for all
Maybe, say, Medicare for all? Just sayin'
http://EasyFixObamacare.com 
Or just go single payer. Obama's legacy means nothing to people who can't afford healthcare.
Can't we just use Medicare?  Remove the age minimum for enrollment - people get coverage and the program gets a balanced risk pool
WRONG...
Yes, Yes, Yes!! A thousand times yes
With statements like that you're NEVER going to get Mitch to pick you 4 his extra-special healthcare team. Wait! You're a woman! Never mind.
#MedicareForAll. It's a moral imperative, Senator.
go ahead and take that next step. you know you want to.
I really wish congress would fix the ACA. I'm also upset that 13 rep are working on a new plan with no women in the group!
Or, hear me out: MEDICARE FOR ALL! 
Anything to put government in charge - Government needs to stay out of health ins business.
Or just go for single payer!!!
Well....someone is working
Thank you for your thought process!
How come you didn't do all this before? How long have you been in offce? You waited till your constituents were going broke
Wait -isn't that what OC was supposed to do?  Zero credibility
we trust you to lead on this. No compromise, no negotiating over #AHCA. #SaveOurCare
They also fail due to the fact they spend more than they take in, leaving the people they "cover" with NOTHING!
ACA is very fixable Gop won't touch it because it's commonly called Obamacare. They want to erase everything Obama. We need to only call ACA
Please explain how this would work. Would really like to hear
Can we have a serious debate about this? Too many politicians dismiss the idea without explaining why it's worse than what we have now
Try to work with the #GOP to make it happen. It's better for the country
So why did ACA do the exact opposite?  Pleases explain why Dems didn't pass a bill that did these thing then?
How about we set an example for the rest of the country and pass the NY Health Act?
Yes,  this IS the answer with the ability to negotiate drug costs
Women get it right evry time none on senate healthcare review panel 
that sounds a lot like single payer! the new york health act is making its way thru the ny assembly, could you throw your support behind it?
while you're not a state senator, i'm sure your outspoken support would help. you can find more info here:
@IndivisibleNY23 DEMAND WOMEN on that committee. 13 Men cannot decide what women need!  Thanks #iVoteInNY
V/ Covers women
V/ Covers neonates 
V/ Covers children
you, Sen Schumer and Sen Sanders should write up bill and introduce it. Send it to CBO vs AHCA.
The only way to make dumbshitcare bettr is by repealin it & replacin it wit private sector free market. Govt screws up everythin it touches
Had your chance lying witch.
$$$ controls congress. W/singlepayer big med n pharma would control how much we're taxed to pay for healthcare.They still win
Awesome! #SallyYatesIsAPatriot
Thank you Kirsten
Whaaaat? Put people before profits? Gee that does sound nice.
2018 is coming America needs democrats to work against republicans and get single payer done
Medicare for All, please.
what about price controls ?
Lower RX costs without subsidies. Pharma must have oversight and price limits and guidelines. Thats the common denominator. What they charge
Fight for Universal Healthcare
Or you could just support Medicare-for-all.
Let's do it in NYS! @SenSchumer
Would like to hear more
Much of not most of the $ which created our debt has been wasted. But we are still talking about "free" health care for us all!
Ms. G. Have you seen the size of our debt? Has any of our debt gone toward unlimited health care for American citizens? It could have
#iamapreexistingcondition
Not for profit? Longest LOL ever...not in this oligarchy lol
Should checkout the program offered by st lukes in boise idaho. I get my meds preventive care and wellness options.
The ACA would be fine IF @GOP would have worked in a bipartisan manner to improve it, but decided to screw Americans instead.
i think single payer would be very popular right about now
A nation of over achievers is failing democracy+ethics. G7 peers solved this decades ago. #Medicare for #AllofUS=explosive innovation+growth
Tell us more!
Not for profit? CEOS & big money donors will hate that. Health over profit? Wow. What a thought. 
And that goes against everything the Dems stand for. Don't believe me? 0bama gets paid $400K for speeches to the same people he ridicules.
Thk u! My son was born with cerebral palsy and is medically fragile. He loves his life and is a blessing to all who know him. Pls help them.
In other words, you want the government to take over health insurance. Yeah, that'll work.... NOT
The government already has,it's called medicare and I would be bankrupt at this point if I didn't have it.
JUST EXTEND MEDICARE TO THE NATION! THE INFRASTRUCTURE IS THERE AND WITH A FEW TWEEKS IT WILL BE READY TO GO WITHIN A YEAR.
#MedicareForAll, @SenGillibrand. Embrace it. It's popular and it's the best policy.
You life & should not be up for who can make a buck off of you! Health should be exempt from capitalism. It's simple humanity.
How? Will you work bi-partisan with the Senate?
Agreed. But hammer away at Rubio pulling the risk corridor payments out from under the insurance companies. #2018.
We need Single Payer system.  We already know it works!
Single payer would mean mass casualties in the insurance industry. Not going to happen. Non profit options are key to solving crisis.
i agree! Are @KamalaHarris and @SenFeinstein on board with you? If not, I would encourage them.
I have a better idea.  A Medicare for all single payer healthcare system.
This is the only thing I want to get out of this ACHA debacle
Will that pave the way for single-payer healthcare senator?
Yes.
So how about that single-payer option for NY State?
but will you support Medicare for all?
I now believe single payer in USA is inevitable. Thank you senator for your work.
YES!
Could be the best coverage on the planet, but as long as Obama got it passed, the Republicans will try to repeal - partisanship at its best
Dems push civil rights 1964 & lose the south. Dems push ACA and lose seats. Being on the right side of history is costly but I applaud u.
Bernie Sanders will be introducing a single payer bill in the senate. Will you be supporting it? I truly hope so.
There is no saving a bill that was created to destroy the Health Insurance Market maybe you should look into that and admit the truth
Mitch McConnell can say the Dems are not going to help. Why is there no pushback? When are we going to push fixes to the media?
Start writing the bill to make this happen, please.
So what you're saying is "no, I won't fight for Medicare for All."
No one wants VA coverage and waiting to die for all That is what single payer is
Why didn't you do that in 2009 then?  Would really love to know why.
Everyone NEEDS healthcare. The debate about who "deserves" it is immoral.
This might just appeal to a Democratic primary electorate.
