Whats devastating we the taxpayers footing the bill for gov. programs riddled in waste & fraud.
I get 16$ a month. I challenge anyone to feed themselves on 4$ a week.
I'm proud to say that Senator Gillibrand is from my neck of the woods.  :-D
Lucky - I get @marcorubio 
there's not a cut there's a slow growth you are spreading lies! Balance the budget 20 trillion is to much! Pathetic
Welfare exploded under PresObama.  Making people dependent on the FedGov is not helping them. @TuckerCarlson @realDonaldTrump
OK its time again.   Gillibrand 2020
Yes please!  She will get her crooked ass kicked like Killary!!
A living minimum wage would be great! It would actually alleviate the need for food stamps.
Another entitlement ehh? That's last thing this country needs.. Bad enough mandatory welfare healthcare was made an entitlement #NoMore
A living wage is an entitlement?Working 40 hrs and not being able to afford food and housing is an entitlement? #livingwage #MedicareForAll
It seems common sense to me.. That if u work full time & can not afford basic necessities.. Then u need better job Or not getting hair done
How does one procure a better job? Would that involve #education? Which is currently unaffordable for a majority of our population?
If the homeless guy I let live in my house loses food stamps I will have to feed him all time. He can't live on 400 a month. And he is a vet
Conservatives=You MUST birth that fetus growing inside you! But, after said baby is born feeding them is inconsequential!! Hypocritical!
Exactly, this very obvious point in not brought up enough...
It really boggles my mind! The moment the scissors are on the umbilical cord we have been dismissed. I can't wrap my brain around it.
TNG of Democrats.
It's not a cut, it's a reduced increase or flat.  Stop lying.
What can be cut to balance the budget you and Chuck will support. I suggest starting with your salaries
Not cuts, but no automatic increases. Speak the truth
SNAP dollars also expand local economies and support local farmers
Are you freaking kidding me?!  I pay for SNAP dollars with my taxes and people need to spend the money they've earned!  Not rely on Govt!
This is BS. Proven decades ago by Clinton of all people. People in AMERICA WILL NOTICE ME GO HUNGRY. PEROID.
Poverty pimp Gillibrand
This program is out of control
Take away the stuff illegals are getting and there would be plenty to go around.
Do you think Trump cares? How many contractors did he not pay? A laborer is worthy of his wage.
True
What about those working to pay taxes that funds this nonsense called food stamps? Where is there any concern for that American?????
If they are working and need assistance to make ends meet, fine.  But people who abuse the system should lose their benefits.
No cuts, stop the lies!  The intent is to enable to people to get off gov't dependency, get it puppet lady
Also, time to raise the federal poverty level. Family of 4 on $24,600 is ridiculous!
I agree, but I hope he only cuts benefits and food stamps to illegal immigrants and not our people who need them.
Could you define "cuts"?   Do you mean a freeze on increasing the budget.
@realDonaldTrump tell me y rich people r  so destitute they need tax breaks while kids and families suffer?
Amazing how he is hurting the people who voted for him.
Cuts in funding not eliminating
It should hurt a lot of his supporters who were coned into voting for him. Maybe when the have no healthcare or food they will get it..
The plan is to create job market to get ppl to work..Not keep generations on welfare.. Drug testing to qualify is genius hardly cruel 
These r working people who keep a roof over their head but no  4 food. With seniors the added cost r meds or food.
Why do they need food stamps? Because obscenely wealthy business owners don't pay living wages even when THEY PAY WORLD'S LOWEST TAX RATE
Now they can get jobs to make ends meet.
In a perfect world i would agree with you, but we need to make money before we help the needy and poor.
We need to look at the bigger picture though. If we continue to send all this money then we wont have any to help the poor in the future
Millions needs food stamps, but how many don't need them? 20 trillion in debt,  what's your plan Senator?
It's called GOP national population control. The poor, the ill and the hungry vote for Democrats so their extermination
Is essential for the GOP !
yes, children will starve, bodies in the streets, racists! Blah. Blah. Blah.
But we could make more bombs, start more wars. Make more money for the rich
How about the poor people who live in NY along the Penn boarder who watch others making a good living fracking
The ones who truly need it will still get it. You want people to remain dependent upon your handouts instead of earning a salary.
these are the people that voted for him
They don't care. 
Literally. 
Not their problem. 

@GOP sucks.
#FlipItBlue
Stop lying to people. They aren't cutting them, just not increasing. Geezuz! When will you people tell the truth!!
Hold their feet to the fire!
If they want to save money then improve the system to catch those who scam the system. Don't punish those who actually need help.
You not doing your job is the real devastation.
Don't expect Trump voters to connect these dots. They'd (literally) rather die (for lack of health care) than abandon their orange hero.
Well don't make any cuts. Piss test em all, including welfare recipients. You'll find out quick who needs them. And go back to the booklets!
#POTUS is making drug testing to qualify for WELFARE law.. Finally.. It also needs major cut its way outta control.. Jobs not free money
granddaughter&boyfriend work 40+ wk pay 800 for babysit to feed 2yr old healthy get some stamps small amt pay for everything else no more
Maybe you should make New York less expensive so people don't give you and your party all of the money they earn so they can buy food?
Well sure, but what about all those wealthy people that need to be just slightly richer?
#Mick despite #Irish lineage goes there... http://www.victorianweb.org/previctorian/swift/proposal1.html …
No, they need a job!!
It's is fundamentally dishonest to act as though a bloated program can never be cut, that is a classically liberal Keynesian policy
The program has doubled in size since before the recession, if we really have recovered, why pretend as though all welfare is holy?
Basic human rights. People in the richest nation should not be w/out basic human rights and needs; food, shelter, education, insurance, jobs
When is the richest country going to give every child a free lunch?
Dependency on government is an addiction, just like a drug addiction. The longer you are on it the more addicted to it you become.
Including Trump's own supporters.  But the GOP and Trump will figure out a way to blame Democrats for the cuts.
Good paying jobs are the answer not food stamps or making people an underclass so u have power. 
Peter King for Senator
As will the cuts to any student loan repayment programs...which will affect teachers, etc.. it seems not many are talking about this yet.
Able bodied recipients need to find jobs or starve. Enough already! This IS WHY WE ALL VOTED #TRUMP.
kids don't work and regardless of parents shouldn't be hungry
all the more reason to motivate the parents to work. or stop breeding until...
so let the children suffer till their parents act right? That's cruel
Good parents would never let it go so far. As they enjoy their iphones and cable TV. Not on my tax dime.
hope your heart is changed. Sad
Stronger and more driven with #Trump believe me...
I don't believe you
Medicaid and food stamps are safety nets, not lifestyles. California alone has 12 mil ppl in Medicaid , cost up more than 400% since 2010.
$ not spent on medicaid builds a wall. On it we can place names of those who die from no healthcare. They've no right to use word compassion
get a job.
Trump's plan is revolutionary to ask healthy adults to work to be eligible to receive benefits . America can not be a welfare state.
WHAT DO DEMS know about the Rust Belt? DEMS abandoned the American middle class in the Rust Belt.
to illegals, to people who DO NOT want to work! Food stamps has been a source of incredible FRAUD. Cuts will assure the  MOST needy get it.
I AM a product of temporary food stamps. Very grateful for the assistance in 1980-81 we received. (No one likes drinking powdered milk)
millions of poor folks that were conned into thinking he would help them are going to be suffering, but he sure won't care.
Wrong! Growth produces jobs. Jobs create income. DEMS want to handcuff people to welfare and food stamps. Reduce deficit.
you dont address the poor people who cant afford to eat and need food stamps to get by. you just capitalize DEMS, and voila.
Actually - giving people with no disposable income money for food does create jobs in grocery/corner stores and in agriculture numbnuts
same reason cutting taxes on rich stimulates NO sector of economy (they hoard) but payroll tax cut 4working ppl does bc they spend/cant save
then there's also the moral reality of almost 50% of ppl on SNAP are children.
But for the sub-human, malnourished children earnover life
