An Obama-era rule that employers provide contraception is set to be rolled back by Trump http://on.wsj.com/2uQUu76 
I bet Viagra will still be covered.
Sure that is for a medical issue
You get why men use Viagra right? #smh
Sure I get why men use viagra it's because they can't get an erection for sex which is a medical issue you don't take viagra just for sex...
And woman don't take birth control just for sex. #educateyourself
Well women don't need birth control for sex but a man with ED does need viagra or he can not get an erection and cannot have sex simple math
Right which means a woman's BC should be covered because it's not just about sex, what are you not getting?
What are you not getting WHY should a employer or taxpayer pay for something that is not a medical issue but something that that is natural
It's also her civil liberty to pay for her own contraceptives.
You can make your own choices, just pay for your own BC.  Way to mislead your followers.
Is it a civil liberty to purchase birth control? I would think so.
So should men get condoms paid for by their employer too?
It is not a civil liberty to murder because of inconvenience
Make women contraceptives available over the counter and the issue becomes nonexistent.  Be a problem solver, not a complainer.
Just for the record, BC pills are widely prescribed for a lot more than pregnancy prevention. Women's health covers way more than just sex.
Trump policy is that a woman's reproductive health care decision should be made by her husband, father, boyfriend, male priest, or rapist.
No it should be made between the women and her doctors not the employer or government
Thank you!  @realDonaldTrump is trying to return us to the Dark Ages.
In what way a women still has the right to choose her decision should be between her and her doctor not employer or government
Woman is free to decide what she wants. Company owners and stockholders do not have to be Party to what they consider murder
So you think preventing pregnancy is murder? Men controlling women #Not1950Anymore
Birth control is readily available.  I am all for it. Killing babies is murder, not birth control.
So where is killing babies in the discussion? This topic is to prevent that
The 'contraception' they are talking about is after-pregnancy (abortion) treatments - not preventive.
No maam they are talking about contraceptives of any sort
3/If you want preventative covered, separate it from 'day after' like it should be. Or let ppl go to work for firm that shares their values
if a woman doesn't want to have kids then she should learn to keep her legs closed. there is no reason why the tax payers should have to pay
Truth. Anything that has Obama's name on it will be gone. GOP wants his legacy gone.
It's basic liberty for an employer to make their own decisions on what they'll pay for
So separate health insurance from employment, then.  Good idea!!!
As an older style Repub. I have to agree on a few things:
1) Limited Govt. Means not in people's lives.
2) HC needs portability w/o employer
Yes it's your decision, pay for it yourself.
So if you choose to ride Motocross, get smashed up, your insurance shouldn't cover your hospital and doctor bills? Your decision...you pay?
Yes
Keep fighting senator. Keep speaking on our behalf. For our daughters. This backwards step and backwards way of thinking won't stand.
Murderer!!!
Just one more reason health insurance should NOT be tied to your employer. #SinglePayerNow #medicare4all
So are gun rights but you deny that to New Yorkers. Stop killing babies you animals.
Glad I got my IUD placed this month.
I make my own decisions + I don't ask others to pay for it. 
you should do the same.
So you don't have Insurance and pay 100% out of pocket for all your medical care?
I pay for my own health insurance + cover the costs of losers who spend their money on @Starbucks & @Comic_Con 

get a job + leave my alone
1) I have a job 
2) love @Starbucks - I'm a 4 yr Gold Member
3) Love sending my kids to @Comic_Con
losers who cannot compete in the real world work for non-profits.
those who fail out of the non-profit world become 5th grade teachers.
Lol.
When you make your own decisions in life YOU are responsible for paying for it.
Not what was said. You go skiing and break your leg, I'm not paying for it. Nothing  gvt provides is free
Yes - she can make her own decisions. Just stop making me pay for it.
Unacceptable my arse. Why should employers pay for this? Pay for your own contraception. Its available at any Drug Store.
Stop kicking holes in the ceiling with every guy that gives you a second glance and you won't have to steal my tax money.
Doesnt the child have any civil liberties I thought we were to protect the innocent   Who is more innocent than a child???
How about basic rights to food, healthcare, & education after birth. You & your beloved fuhrer @POTUS  don't give a crap about the living.
Maybe you stop having sex and get a job abortions not needed
Why do employers have to pay for contraception? Sex is not needed to sustain your life, so if you want to play, you need to pay for it.
Now women have to make a decision AND pay for it.
Amen Sister, Amen!!
but #ivanka promised to #empowerwomen! #reproductiverightsarehumanrights
No one is stopping any from deciding anything.
Yes, but what are you going to do about it, Senator? Actions speak louder than words.
trump, again as usual,, being a bully.
Which is why we #sheetcake
SO YOU SUPPORT MURDER. BABIES IN THE WOMB HAVE RIGHTS ALSO.
More unwanted pregnancies, more abortions. But that's what Republicans want, right? 
CORRECT. BUT it's is NOT the responsibility of others to to pay for it. If you want it, you pay for it.
It's a basic civil liberty for a woman to make her own decision about self defense. Guns and ammo should be free!!
so what steps are you taking to prevent that from happening? About the most your constituents can do is to message you
of course removing employers requirement to provide women contraceptives is unacceptable. also just another week with djt's
It's not unacceptable to Republicans, but given they're fine with pussy grabbing, Nazi-dog-whistles, and treason, that's not a surprise.
This is also the reason why abortion rates have gone down because women have better access to health care. Proof that they just hate women.
It is also a basic civil liberty for a baby to live, regardless of how the mother feels about that child.
Its the human right of anyone to make their own decisions about their OWN health. Radical groups and corps have NO right to an opinion on it
Well she should pay like the rest of us.
I don't get men making decisions about women's health. Do they not have Daughters? Wives? Sisters? Mothers?
We know we can always count on you to support our civil liberties!
Why do RWNJs consider contraception a "women's issue?" If I'm not mistaken, there's some second party involvement. BC benefits everyone.
Can we make sure the same is done with Viagra? Disturbing
WE agree.  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Obama Care does not allow for many basic decisions in personal healthcare and wellness
Not if she is murdering
#Gillibrand2020
SENATOR A WOMAN SHOULD HAVE HER RIGHT TO CHOSE! IN EVERY WAY RELATED TO HER BODY!
Trump and Repubs don't care about women's health. They both care about their men. Period.
Guess that means Viagra should be out too?
#dontforgetaboutsexism in the face of #racism #intersectionality
Awesome for Trump
R u kidding me right now !!!!
Unacceptable.

DUMP Corrupt TrumpPence Ryan McConnell
But, of course, there is and always will be a steady flow of little blue pills...pun intended.
Had Mike Pence all over it!
Nobody is stopping women from buying their own.
She can make all the decisions she wants if she pays for her own care!  #nofreeshit
Impeach him now.
What does this have to do with her making her own decisions?
Employers providing contraception?  Why?  Maybe they should provide aspirin, milk, homes and cars too. Who do you think pays for that?
No one has the right to murder a baby no matter where it's located.  You are sick and evil if you thinks it's ok
Civil Rights? You mean like the 2nd amendment? I am sorry but murdering babys isn't in the Bill of Rights Last time I checked.
@WSJ You're funny
They CAN make their own decisions, both woman & men CAN buy their OWN contraception...what a country...
Reproductive healthcare & contraception access is PREVENTATIVE care. 
Will they stop covering? 
Maybe we'll just stop fucking them then.
Why can't you just accept that you should just use readily available contraceptives for contraception instead of abortion!
Yes all women should be able to make their own decision about having an abortion and or paying for someone else's
Now thats bs

Why if women can make own decisions  can't business make their own decisions?
Sure I agree but they should pay for it not the taxpayer
Ins cos, not taxpayers! Can't sell car w/out seatbelt...Question is, why NOT tell ins cos THEY have to bundle contraceptive coverage?
agreed
Maybe your party should've tried harder to keep the House or the Senate
How is this taking away a women's right?
Trump wants to get rid of everything associated with Obama.
No matter who it hurts or kills.he's a vindictive SOB!
"when someone tells you who they are, believe them" 
I'm not surprised by anything trump does anymore.
This is unacceptable. I'm a motherfucking woman baby alright,I don't need a man to be holding me too tight -kesha
How do people who purport to be against abortion justify making contraception less accessible? "Pro life" is really about disempowerment
Except millions of us are against abortion & support contraception
Wouldn't it be nice if the government stopped interjecting themselves into our lives. KG would love if gov. ran every part of our lives.
Do they buy condoms for the nen?
*men
thank you for fighting for us so tirelessly! As an Illinois resident I hope to get to vote for you someday. Hint, hint.
Not a minor
How does this keep women from making their own decision?
Less access to contraception will cause more unwanted pregnancies which will result in more abortions - that's what you guys want right?
