No leadership from you Dems either since y'all roll over at every possible cabinet vote.
give it a rest he has only been in the office 4weeks  i dont think youcould do any more than hehas done.
picking on the helpless and disenfranchised.  Typical bully behavior. #ResistOften
What have you fone,let me tell you NOTHING .
theirs nothing hateful about protecting our boarders and for the record I'm pretty sure theirs two genders
You guys keep leaving "illegal" out of your talking points.
Yes, please say it again.
omg wake up where the hell do u dems get that from?.Why don't u stop at places that aren't sanc cities and talk to ppl
He's a hater,hipocrite!!
I know,people getting all excited about last nite,he read a speech  written for him,he didn't find the ten commandments
protect .us. from the Environment. Not protect cute little fluffy bunnyrabbits.
bull, more demo crap, shame on them for being so hateful
but you've seen what the Republicans are doing in Congress while he distracts with his Insanity
preach sister.
@LaxBroNoonsta @POTUS ......and rioting, destruction and obstruction by the "tolerant" leftists.
well yea, keeps us away from his Russian pal Putin.
Just compare how many people he's hurt over the last 4 weeks with how many he's helped. I can't name 1 he's helped.
he's been in office a month. There are more pressing matters just yet. Sit down and stop being absurd. @POTUS
uh, yeah that's not happening.  @SenGillibrand @POTUS
What?  You must have seen your shadow Feb. 2 and crawled back into your burrow.
@Phylter52 @POTUS actually he said he's going to give the rich even more tax breaks and raise middle class taxes..
@MaryFranGleason @POTUS NO to Gorsuch. YES to Russia investigation.
America hasn't had a leader since Obama left office.  All we have now are Russian traitors and corruption. Sickening.
He goes with his strengths.  Hate, racism, bigotry, cronyism and sexism are all he's got
haven't you heard? Jobs magically went up just by virtue of fact that Trump won! Trump said so so it must be true! #WTF
@gop @senategop @housegop @SpeakerRyan @leadermitch      
 @mike_pence @gop AGREED
.@SenGillibrand @KM4MD @POTUS Dear Senator...you spelled illegal wrong
@Karnythia @POTUS then you need to pull your head out of wherever you've had it.
And it breeds the hate crimes he's so lag in condemning.
I am so thankful you stand up for the truth!
The middle class is still hurting here because we aren't poor enough for entitlements and not rich enough for tax cuts
and I've seen no leadership from our NYC senators
Kristen   you  are  wrong , work  with  the president .
thank you for never normalizing him! Thank you for being a true leader! Thank you Senator!
If he cares about family leave, as he claimed in his speech, he should push the GOP to pass your FAMILY Act.
maybe you should try listening to @POTUS instead of the nonsense in your head!!
Anyone not in defiance of this true "enemy of the people" is shirking their duty as a citizen.
I vote in NY.  You are wrong.
No VOICE pls
exactly.  you expect the pres to give you snickers and all you get is cotton candy.  f that.
However justified but using language like "hateful" in official tweets alienates swing voters. #reframe
yes
SAD, Help NYers with taxes and infrastructure, homeless. Stop casting stones.Your own back yard is in disarray!
I can say the same from the US Senate!
Dems must also stop tv appearances denouncing and try producing, we need unity to accomplish goals
@gmo1stmimi He likes to say AMERICA FIRST , is that ALL AMERICANS, WHITE AMERICANS, or HIS BUDDIES ???
you sitting next 2 Pocahontas spoke volumes about your lack of http://integrity.You  were sent to Washington to work not gripe
open your eyes then you will see him enforcing laws congress made and putting states back in charge of bathrooms
please run for WH in 2020. You're one of only few sane choices right now.
I agree
it was just more fear mongering, illegal aliens, illegal aliens, illegal aliens.....
thank you for real leadership
illegal immigrants, big difference unless your a globalist
children shouldn't be allowed to make life altering decisions (trans)! They can't drive/vote/ drink until certain age
you refuse clear leadership because your party strives on division
@JustineBateman @POTUS maybe you should turn on actually news not your headline news feed from leftists who just hate him.
#DemResponse Dems need advise. Re was lame like all and nothing like #Hillary2016 Dems need a fire, message, str8 speak.
, very proud of "OUR " PRESIDENT!!!
,  Give the man time!!! And shame on you.  @POTUS has never said anything bad 2 a trans. Child. #Prouddeplorable
You worried about losing the billions the state gets for all the illegals in NYC? Rest of us don't matter to you
@now7grandkids @POTUS Actions speak louder than words. His words are empty.
@JustineBateman @POTUS oh but his speech makes it all better....FFS.
we saw no active dem politician give the rebuttal
Keep voting NO!
@mayread3 @POTUS And guns to the mentally ill while Corporations get to pollute air and water. #NotGreat
its ok #keephatin
@stonecasting @POTUS you see. What you Want. To see.
open your eyes then!
completely agree. Most of the GOP are following his horrible example.
@thejossgroup @POTUS You are the best one, Senator! Thank you!
,are u deaf and blind?
There are another 4 years for @POTUS , why don't give him more chances?
where do I sign to help fight this guy?
when Gillibrand runs >>>
@RichNj5 @POTUS And minorities, and women...
You went to China with Connie Britton &won a lip sync contest? Cool!
I can't image the pain you are going through having to sit through the #SOTU. Well, at least @SenWarren is there for you.
you have lost my vote
thank you to make senator G for all you do!
@LostCatDog @POTUS 

Do you remember any campaign promises on jobs, wages or paid leave?  No?  Then why are you surprised?
as your constituent I thank you for your words.
Well,this is certainly deeply healing & profoundly unifying, said no one. Dissing PBO, that'll get us dems on our feet. Not.
you are not doing your job. Your concerned with a few issues and dirty money. Do the job you were elected to #termlimits
@gringacongatos @POTUS call him on it.
The POTUS handle will be yours soon, Senator.
you would see what he has accomplished if you didn't watch FAKE NEWS
At least he didn't tweet about the Oscar mix up (the new bar)
Kristen thank you for fighting for your constituents
Why don't you just start listening instead of just blabbering on.  Don't bea Schummer obstructionist.
takes away all of our rights and expects us to be grateful if he rolls back an inch #blackouttrump #russiagate
Give him a chance!
Thank you 4 opposing his hateful, bigoted agenda, and voting NO on his unfit, dangerous nominees.
open your eyes snowflake
same can be said about you senator took you over a year before you actually believed sandy victims of ins fraud
Once a egg always an egg
Honest ?   How on  can you go to work each day with colleagues who obstruct justice and refuse to do their jobs??
All I've seen and heard from you is divisive rhetoric. Time to bring our country together!
where were you when he signed 2 bills the H.T. 321 and 255. Probably complaining...
You are complaining now
@SAEdelstein @POTUS way to be a bad leader. Can one I mean ONE person stop complaining and be a leader? Obviously not you.
love it.  Keep alienating voters. I support your efforts.
thank you, Senator! I'm so proud you are my senator & are fighting for our human & constitutional rights.
people should shout out #taxes ...
you are a hater and spreading it will cause trouble for americans, get with the prgrm and make our country grate
Keep up the fierce Resistance! Proud that you are my Senator!
Ditto, said Syracuse.
I wish we had the European system delineated in M. Moore's doc "Where to Invade Next". Family time & enuf sleep, etc
So true america has been made worse, diversity undermined
..and how he won the presidency!
And childish tweets that further divide country. They appear to be intended to separate left/ right. Not presidential.
Hate to Jews and Muslims too. #Immoral
you have been such a leader for us through this. I thank you and applaud you
@Snowflakeswon @POTUS How right you are Senator!
so 2 months in you want miracles LOL #uspoli #USA #cdnpoli #topoli
I'm not a Trump guy, but I think he's been trying on jobs and wages, but R's don't seem to care about paid leave.
thanks Kirsten. Please run for POTUS
What about the multi-million dollar vacations?
How many homeless Americans could we have housed with those trips?
Of course, @SenGillibrand. We only see what we want to see.  American Patriots see #MAGA.  Get on board.
American see the traitor trump in a position he did not earned and will be removed
indeed. Thank you for continuing to stand up to his sham presidency and the GOP leaders who are complicit. #resist
please see what's wrong with chuckle the clown, he doesn't seem his old self
YOU SEE WHAT YOU WANT AND PROJECT YOUR CRAZINESS ON HIM.
So funny how you fools spin things for VOTES knowing your BRAIN WASHED fools will believe it.
When you are blinded by hate, as #Democrats and you are, you see nothing at all.
Your side are the haters traitors and disease of this nation You are not American but fascists
IILEGALS not immigrants, "transgender" ? God decided that in Genesis!
Trump loves legal immigrants and supports common sense when it comes to bathroom laws. Stop pandering and do your job.
She does her job well You stop pandering
JOBS? excuse me, ALOT of companies moving back in & will expand. If Dems. would stop OBSTRUCTING his cabinet could wrk
all I've seen from you Dems is NOTHING!
he is not a leader but a greedy opportunist
Thank you @SenGillibrand for having the courage to do the right thing and representing  by opposing @POTUS and his agenda  @empathyisfree
And how much progress in the last 8 years?
ME, TOO.  BUT I'M NOT EXPECTING MORE.
Yes Hateful Messages from Trump.  @RepAndyBiggsAZ @RepMcSally @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain @RepGosar
Then watch tonight.
hate crimes and bullying are up due to him
Don't forget he's endorsing anti-Semitism by not stopping it at first threat. Not my USA any more.
That's what happens when you, and other idiots, follow fake news.
they have done nothing but sow hate and division Remember that slime Bannon's stated goal. Distruction of the state.
Needing you to keep speaking out and doing your legislative job...bois in the party don't quite seem up to the task...
Jamie took her life after sexual assault you fought so hard to get out of chain of command - we are her voice now .
gone but not forgotten
Then you haven't been paying attention.
please remember our vets and their daily suicides . Those promises too are broken . He would rather build up defense with $
haven't seen much leadership out of you either - just another democrat tool
and Jews, the military, Intelligence agencies, the media.......
You do understand Ivanka is Jewish...Right?
Also now blaming Jews for anti-Semitism or so it seems.
like your tweet isn't divisive and hateful? How about you do your job
holding the President accountable is part of the Senate's job, Susan
sure is!  So is taking care of her constituents!!!!
Actually I am one of them and she is doing a great job  Better than that cheeeto clown
guess what me to and i will NOT be voting for her divisiveness  next round!
Then you are a fool and may God have pity on you
haha, resort to name calling outta the ol playbook well done
Senator Gillibrand - calling it how you see it - keep doing this! We're counting on you for holding him accountable.
Then you haven't been listening. We need to move the country forward. Socialism is not what you think it is.
hateful messages that encourage hateful actions. This is appalling!
As a leader, he needs to demonstrate accountability for both good & bad. He plays victim by being passive. Leaders are active
And golf trips!
If he accomplishes only half of agenda, let him play golf. What have you done since Jan 30
I've wasted tax payer money on trips to FL, skipped intel briefings & let a soldier die on my watch. Wait that was @POTUS too! 
which false claims are you referring to?
nor will you,  since he's incapable.
