BREAKING: Congressional Budget Office sees 22 million more uninsured by 2026 under Senate health bill in latest hurdle for GOP.
@AP Don't forget the retroactive tax refunds for the rich which is as or more obscene!
Very much with you, Senator.
You and Chuck are my Senators so I'm good.
Only 10 million on obamacare. Quit lying
The issue is a bit more complex. If you respond, please don't engage in ad hominem attacks. Thanks.
The CBO is not fact, they were wrong in their prediction on obamacare. I don't understand why dems want to keep it. Its unaffordable for
In your initial response, you cited the CBO. 

I have health insurance because of the ACA.

Have a nice day.
My senators: @ChuckGrassley and @joniernst jonidont care about us. What an awful feeling: no representation.

FYI, the Senate Finance Office is tallying calls from people who want a public hearing of the healthcare bill: (202)224-4515. It's v. easy.
Yes, but calling my senators from ny is not helpful. All these responses say yes but what is to be done? What is your call to action?

FYI, the Senate Finance Office is tallying calls from people who want a public hearing of the healthcare bill: (202)224-4515. It's v. easy.
I have made dozens of calls and emails. I don't know what else to do.

FYI, the Senate Finance Office is tallying calls from people who want a public hearing of the healthcare bill: (202)224-4515. It's v. easy.
Yes

FYI, the Senate Finance Office is tallying calls from people who want a public hearing of the healthcare bill: (202)224-4515. It's v. easy.
Yes! Thank you! I called my Senators, both of whom I know are also opposed to this bill but I don't know what else I can do???

FYI, the Senate Finance Office is tallying calls from people who want a public hearing of the healthcare bill: (202)224-4515. It's v. easy.
What's your call to action for your constituents like me & @TPalmerCurl ?  We don't need to call your office! 

FYI, the Senate Finance Office is tallying calls from people who want a public hearing of the healthcare bill: (202)224-4515. It's v. easy.
you dems haven't led  your state since Nov 8 your too late now. The country is leaderless, lawless. Don't start now. Just don't bother.
there are currently ~30 million Americans that are uninsured.
@AP Yes! We R with U 1000%
NO, not with a resistance. The system is broken, go help fix it!
this is not acceptable, how do we fight back ?

FYI, the Senate Finance Office is tallying calls from people who want a public hearing of the healthcare bill: (202)224-4515. It's v. easy.
No point in calling my senators (cuz you guys rock!) What else can I do to help?

FYI, the Senate Finance Office is tallying calls from people who want a public hearing of the healthcare bill: (202)224-4515. It's v. easy.
@SenGillibrand HOW CAN WE HELP....? My senators are voting no thank you and @SenSchumer how else can I help?

FYI, the Senate Finance Office is tallying calls from people who want a public hearing of the healthcare bill: (202)224-4515. It's v. easy.
I've been calling and faxing... posting on FB. What else can I do ? I will lose my insurance if this passes

FYI, the Senate Finance Office is tallying calls from people who want a public hearing of the healthcare bill: (202)224-4515. It's v. easy.
Don't forget this includes 6+ million who pay $3+ billion not to have OCare. Not to mention millions more who wouldn't buy if no penalty.
What exactly should we, your constituents, do?

FYI, the Senate Finance Office is tallying calls from people who want a public hearing of the healthcare bill: (202)224-4515. It's v. easy.
@AP 
Did you ever consider many do not want the crap you forced ppl to buy? It is unconstitutional. Only passed due to it being a TAX!
The 22 mill are those who will leave #Obamacare voluntarily because they will no longer be FORCED by govt. to have health ins. A GOOD thing!
Yes, resist and persist! Thank you for saving my Mother's Medicaid. For now.
Hi Senator, I called and left a msg with your local office last night.  I'm with you and appreciate your fighting for us! #trumpcarekills
Most definitely. $800 Billion in cuts from Medicaid would be the death of many.
No. I'm not.
You like being sick then?
With you! Have called your office a couple times. Thanks for doing everything you can to prevent this from passing.
Same here
Considering half will drop coverage bc they're no longer forced by govt to get it, they shouldn't be considered "left" uninsured
YES I am with you !!!
Yes of course but we should not have to fight so that the government doesn't try to kill us!  SOMETHING IS WRONG.
McConnell the MeanTurtle left DC to go on vacation, with our health care in peril

#Resist !
Yes ma'am. I'm in.
I'm with you! So glad you're my Senator!!
Please stop this. Trump and his cronies are driving us to ruin.
@neeratanden @AP Strongest person N Washington @ this time, Ms. Collins frm MA ,get 2gether with her & others work on the ACA
How many of the 22 million CHOOSE not to buy insurance, Kirsten?  Why not discuss that/
Lifetime caps! No pre-existing conditions! No essential benefits!
Push for #MedicareForAll PLEASE
No
Medicare for all is the only way. What kind of society are we? We need true democratic leadership.
Fighting back capitalism?
@tuffymanji @AP 
Agree 100%.
And THEN we must fight the plan that leaves 28 million uninsured: the ACA.
#MedicareForAll
YES!!!
ObamaCare has FAILED and you want to keep it. While I agree the GOP plan sucks, ObamaCare is worse. Start over & do it right!
No.
Please call:
With you as always
I am with you !
I'm with you, but I see no hope
Legit question, if this goes forward how many people will file bankruptcy? I can't begin to imagine the damage and fallout.
Fight for better roads and bridges. Less nys income tax. Better education. Help starts at state level.
DAMN STRAIGHT!!
No, we are not with you. Any movement away from ACA is a positive step.
We’re with you. This is so important to so many of us.
Yes we are!
YES!
Please delay this so the Repubs have to explain #TrumpCare to their constituents over July 4 recess. #KillTheBill
Obamacare is in a death spiral.  It's penalizing 6.5 million Americans for not buying terrible insurance.
My Twitter Spells It, Yes!
22M probably an underestimate because of all the health care workers who will lose their jobs and thus their health insurance @CharlesMBlow
They don't even have confidence in the bill
We're with you @SenGillibrand!!!
Yes! Thankful my senators are fighting this immoral tax cut for the super wealthy.
#TeachCONGRESStoBudgetIncome
20% of its #Income for #DebtInterest 
15% for #PaymentsToPrincipal now its #Zero
32% for #Defense
32% #Welfare
How about the ppl. that can't afford insurance because of Obama care and the unconstitutional mandate? Trump let Obama care die no bail out!
No! We can not afford it! 20 trillion already. Enough give always. Self empowerment by taking responsibility. Get lobs to give!
Yes!
#HellerVoteNo
Try fighting to negotiate a better bill RESISTANT IS FUTILE
Thank you for fighting for us!
I'm with you. Other things may have to suffer but please do everything in your power to stop this. My sister will likely die if passed.
does that count people who are losing the healthcare due to rapidly increasing premiums too? R U talking with @SenateGOP to fix whats wrong
You're effin right I'm with you. That is definitely not fucking helping people.
SENATOR I. THINK THIS IS ALL A SET UP ;TO COLLAPSE OUR GOVERNMENT ;AND DESTROY OUR ECONOMY!
Absolutely! Keep fighting Senator! You are making New Yorkers proud!
17,000,000 of them, don't want insurance anyway. That takes it down to 5,000,000. More fake news.
Of course we're with you. Please reach out to @SenatorCollins and other GOP Senators who can work with you to fix ACA.
Please stop the AHCA!
I am! I am! I am! This bill is a death sentence. #healthcareisahumanright
I vote in NY.  You are not credible anymore, you protest everything.
Unlike the ACA which people. Ought and couldn't use because the deductibles are/were so high. It leave 22 people off because 21 won't buy it
Absolutely with you!
Can you please explain the standard that was used to come up with number
YES!!! Hit them with everything you've got. We're writing amendments for you at @IndivisibleTeam - use them!
@RescuesValues
#releasethetaxes
With you 1000%
No I'm not. I care about quality, affordability, and you know that little promise from Saint O- "if u like ur doctor u can keep ur doctor
Ask your Dem USSen colleagues Cosponsor #DCstatehood bill #S1278 2017 to end ongoing unearned JimCrow political subsidy is US bill/vote/law.
Thank You @SenGillibrand for Cosponsoring #DCstatehood. Ask @SenBobCasey @SenatorMenendez @SenBlumenthal @ChrisMurphyCT @SenatorLeahy join!
Not just neighbors, ask NorthEastCorridor USSens @MarkWarner @SenWhitehouse @SenJackReed @SenatorShaheen @SenAngusKing @SenatorCollins join!
Ask more women Dem USSens Cosponsor #DCstatehood @maziehirono @SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris @SenatorCantwell @amyklobuchar @SenDuckworth.
Only supporting #DCstatehood to end JimCrow tyranny over DC pop, competing NY ratified #23A trajectory from part state to full, can DC fight
#ACA paid for my brain surgery after I lost my corporate insurance when my husband died. NO on #AHCA. No on the Senate version.
You have my consent and support to oppose this train wreck from happening.
Thank you, Senator - this fight is very important!
Yes. Do everything possible to stop this evil and inhumane bill.
You thankfully are my senator. Am with you and love you. You are a great senator
Sen Gillibrand where is the democrats proposal to fix ACA? I'm serious, democrats need to rise above the opposition party and do something.
The Democrats were entirely shut out of the process.Their input was not welcomed by GOP. They had no way to express their ideas.
My comments are for Senator Gillibrand only. I will gladly accept a response from her.
You forgot to use the F bomb!
Dems need to stop being nice.
WE BLEED "BLUE"...........TRUE BLUE
And my students!!!!! Some rely on Medicaid to get services. This is a g-damn nightmare.
All the way!
I am too young for Medicare. What if my employer decides they don't want to continue covering us?
I have pre-existing conditions, not the least of which is cancer.
You must do more than simply voting no. You must do something to block it if at all possible.
Thank you for your continued fight to HELP people Senator! #proudNewYorker
Trump does not want a poor person in the White House nor anywhere  else
It's 49 million total by 2026.  But the GOP only cares about their tax cuts. This us inhumane.
I am with you
what are you going to do to stop it? endless amendments? withholding consent? we need to know how you are going to fight for us.
We are with you.
Always.
Only if you actually have a plan to compare against.  

#WheresTheDemsPlan
Fool
As you would say: F*CK YEAH. Love, a native Noo Yawkuh from Queens
I am your constituent and I am with you, as long as you fight with ANY tool you can.
We are with you and other Dems and moderate Republicans who should and will vote No.  #ImproveACA
Calling all senate GOP raiders 
Better question: Are you willing to #holdthefloor ? Will you propose 10000 amendments? 22mil people are counting on you to #ShutItDown !
I'm certainly with you. Keep fighting them and speaking out
 with you!!
Fuck Nope!! #MAGA
I'm with you.
I will be the among the 22 million.
Sure, I love giving my money away so your pandering ass can have presidential aspirations. Wake up, you don't have a chance with the DNC
withhold consent, filibuster by amendment, whatever it takes, defeat the bill
Totally with you!!!
Please keep pushing back! This plan is vile!
I'm worried. The GOP and Koch brothers are on a mission.
The Koch brothers stated over the weekend that they want the bill to get *worse.* And multiple GOP Sens were at a Koch retreat this weekend.
I'm with you. I called your office today. Please stop this bill.
Thank you for your leadership. Proud to have you as my senator.
Right now there are thousands of people who are not covered or can't use it because of high premiums.  Do you listen? Have faith Left one.
By Bloomsburg report  28 million are uninsured under obamacare.  So 6 million more wil be insured. #MAGA
No! You're a liberal and really don't give a sh^t.
Thank you for fighting for us. I am grateful you are my senator
Please withold consent - do whatever it takes to fight this monstrosity!
@RescuesValues
#releasethetaxes
Well Kirsten, How is it I been denied my DiscReplacementSurgery since the beginning of ObamaCare?Whydid OTDA not allow my medical on Record?
Those are 22 million that are no@longer forced to buy insurance ! Oops you didn't read but what you wanted to
Yes. Please do whatever you have to do to kill this plan.
@SenateMajLdr what's your response to these numbers Mitch?
I think @SenBobCasey's constituents in PA are with you.
In the last week alone, my office has received over 6,500 calls and 10,000 emails in opposition to the GOP health care plan. #PASpeaksOut
Always and ever.
A big NO!
This is bad for NY. NY has had a wasteful Medicaid system for decades and if this bill passes, the chickens are coming home to roost in NY
Why do you think? Because NY IS RUN BY CUOMO ANOTHER FAILURE OF A POLITICIAN WHO GIVES AWAY EVERYTHG FOR FREE SEN GIL IS FROM FAILING NY 
Yes we are! Please withhold consent and/or filibuster by amendment. We need to do everything we can to stop this bill. I depend on Obamacare
Don't worry Katie, if you like your current plan you'll get to keep it.
"Uninsured" = not forced to buy insurance.  Please don't fall for this nonsense again.
Called your office today!
I'm with you and I have been calling Congress!
The fight will continue, until everyone under the sky is treated equally and afforded the same rights to healthcare, education & work.
So glad you represent New York. Thank you for fighting to stop this plan. Yes, I'm with you!
No, No I am not. Obamacare sucks
Ever consider that many people were forced onto plans because of your law and don't want Insurance? Not the feds job to force people to buy.
Exactly that's where the 22 million comes from
Are you ready to Single Payer yet?
Hell no the govt can run the va how would they run single payer
Efficiency is a different issue.  It is the only alternative to poor people dying from lack of health care.
How will we pay for single payer
I will continue to fight
1 million less people will be devastated, Sen. Reps should feel so very proud.  Now, support, and pass, Medicare for all.
Yes we are! Keep up the good fight @SenGillibrand
When has the CBO ever marked up any bill accurately.  Stop the alarmist bullshit Kirsten.
You work with these people everyday.  Can't you appeal to conscience of three of them.
As a constituent, I fully support any and all measures you can take to kill this bill.
We are with you Senator Gillibrand! Thank you for fighting hard for truth, justice and medical care!!
With you all the way! #Resist
Ms. Gillibrand, the CBO report says 51 million.
I am sorry, I meant Senator. I meant no disrespect.
Sir Yes Sir
'Til the bitter end.
