Trump administration proposes eliminating crucial program that helps low-income people pay for heat in winter. http://trib.al/CHzJMl4 
@HouseGOP WAKEUP
CRUEL is FORCING American TAXPAYERS 2pay for @TheDemocrats WELFARE programs so the recipients of these programs VOTE 4them!
Yeah, but many of those people voted for him. Let them go without their heat, as is their desire. #PartyOverCountry
That is truly a most stupid statement. I didn't vote 4 him, but would never condemn those who did 2 suffer so.
They condemned themselves with that vote. Enjoy eight years of President Traitor - that's exactly what your quasi-nobility will result in.
Yeah, not sure how to respond to out right ridiculous statements like this, so you have a nice day.
You're not sure because you're a supercilious person. Enjoy yourself too. Oh wait, you don't need any help with that...
Ewww...burn.
But your drivel is somehow impacting? Please neophyte. Keep telling yourself how worthy you are. It's riveting.
That's what I'm here for, to make it riveting just for you.
@realDonaldTrump @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake @marcorubio @JohnKasich @SpeakerRyan @ananavarro @maddow This is despicable!
We have $20 million in debt. Not cruel, necessary. Besides, who the phuck can't afford heat?
I work for this.
If it's so important, NY State should own it. Why are taxpayers in FL and AZ paying for heat in NY?
This administration lacks a heart and any sense of decency. I am absolutely enraged by their total lack of empathy.
Trump is vindictive, he is purposely hurting states that didn't vote for him.
Is there no end to the nanny state?  Individual responsibility is now obsolete.
Dear New York: As a state, that's an awesome program to run. That's Trump's point, but as usual the Lib goggles get in the way. So sad.
Trump is the cruelest of cruel. Then jets off to his golf clubs. Taxpayers are paying for all these flights, security etc. rob from the poor
What are you doing to help empower people to become more self-sufficient & independent enough to not require government heating assistance?
A lot of people who receive this are senior citizens. Did you want to tell them that?
There's no doubt that entire system must be reanalyzed! The taxpayers deserved to know exactly who is benefiting from their labor!
@POTUS
#25thAmendmentNow
Total cruelty is a TRUMP TRADEMARK
Christian I'm sick of being just a few dollars above the poor people and not getting any benefits at all. Where is my help
If the GOP can't make them die from ill health, they can freeze them to death.
Stop the bull shit sengillibrand
This Administration is not the first to want to cut this program so stop making it sound like Trump is cruel! you are losing respect
Low income illegal immigrants!
@AP Does 45 just sit up at night and think of the most cruel policies to implement. His whole administration is cruel!
#con
I think he actually does. He loves the attention especially negative attention. Makes him feel big.
Yet his supporters insist that he will stand up for them - in his eyes poor is just poor
So when the economy crashes because of distrust with the US and China has their goods made in Mexico because of disrespect from our potus
I was a single mom with 2 kids. Working for $13/hr. Rent at $850. Paying electric bill at $150 month was not easy. This program helps many.
The audacity of meanness strikes again. I preferred the audacity of hope.
This version of "Let the bastards freeze in the dark" could hurt low-income New Yorkers represented by Republicans harder than anyone else.
NYC is a welfare city. 17% people aren't even US citizens. NYC completely depends on the fed gov to get by paid for by middle class taxpayer
I was once a onetime a recipient of Liheap during winter.Helped us a lot to avoid shut during winter. Yet I had a job&was working full time
Not cruel but arrogant; this admin doesn't grasp the struggles of some ppl & therefore can't empathize or see Y it may be necessary/useful.
How about working on getting them all jobs so they can pay their own heat. Any Job. Lots of jobs. That is YOUR JOB Senator!
Another consistently cold, calculated, & callous act against low income Americans; while pushing to lift sanctions of a foreign adversary.
#Cruelty seems to be the defining aspect of every action by wealth Republicans and @realDonaldTrump. #makeAmericakindagain
Our country will become a tale of two cities.  #theBestOfTimeAndTheWorstOfTimes #Trump
Since its illegal in NY to cut off people's heat/AC when the temps are a certain level, this is a massive industry subsidy he is cutting.
Cruel, but not the least bit unexpected.
Of course he doesn't want to waste "his" money on the poor.
Tax Payers should demand the air conditioning in the White House is turned off this summer.
.@realDonaldTrump
No the cruel thing is Democrats who use poor people for votes, after eight years under .@realDonaldTrump poor will be middle class
I think the GOP is trying to kill poor people.
I hear he opens the windows at Trump Tower in winter with the heat on blast while laughing maniacally. Buy it's from @CNN, so grain of salt
More false hysteria.
Who among us knows all the implications of our actions? Upstate relies heavily on these subsidies. People need education & compassion.
I don't believe many folks understood.  Sad.
welfare recipient is to plantation owner as taxpayer is to slave. #EliminateLIHEAP
I Remember winters that cost well over 5k to keep the house at 60 degrees #resist
Polly spawn
Curious did you call it cruel when Obama slashed funding to this same program? #hypocrite
Cut their Health Care then shove them out in the cold. Elections have consequences, Republicans  are good at this cruelty thing, remember.
DemocRATS get to work and fix the terrible Obama care that you and your liberals DemoRATS voted for.  Remember 2018 is  around the corner.
@joanwalsh @AP you have to pay for that Chaffetz housing allowance somehow.
BECAUSE @TRUMP'S ALL ABOUT THE PEOPLE...
My co-worker, a single mom working 2 jobs, needed HEAP to make ends meet this winter. #northernNY

My work phone is one digit from the HEAP # and it rings off the hook all winter long. So many desperate stories!
What an uncaring derelict
@GOP thinks everyone n need is black @TheDemocrats @realDonaldTrump
God damn them
As a coordinator that assists seniors applying for LIEAP this would hurt them. What is happening to our country when govt hurts elderly?
Oh that's a great one, no heat for the poor. His followers are good with this too?
*ANOTHER cruel move.
G.O.D. IS GOING TO DEAL WITH @realDonaldTrump REA. JUST KEEP WATCHING!
Amen
Descending into a Dickensian nightmare.
Just plain mean !
This program has been around for about 30 years now and I don't see how it has damaged any rich man's pockets at all. Agh..so sick of him!
But @SenGillibrand, they always propose that. I think we always stop it. The sheer cruelty is why it keeps coming up.
Cruel seems to be this administration's middle name.

If your party hadn't staked out the no new energy platform your state would have plenty of low cost energy, but you're too smart for that .!
@AP Do you know how much the National debt is?
45's ability 2 energize criticism of the very mean things he continues to do 
Instead of "reaching out" to be #POTUS for all America, #Trump intends to punish ppl & states who did not vote 4 him
#AlternativeFacts
How many people live in lower NY and could be working fracking and not need assistance? Do your job. Jobs not hand outs.
Kirsten get them all registered to vote!
Wtf is the matter with these people?
Why? What is the upside to denying those less fortunate the ability to help heat their homes.? These people are despicable
Another way to make poor people suffer!
Let's take advantage of the politics of this. Hopefully this hits Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan hard.
This cabal personifies cruel in all they do.
Sad @tedlieu @Lawrence @maddow @ChrisCuomo @chrislhayes @davidaxelrod @AliVelshi @KamalaHarris @ananavarro @angela_rye @jaketapper @donlemon
25th!!!!!!!!
@AP forget the puerile tweeting, it's ideas like this that prove the  is unfit to for the office.
He's the devil
It saved me $168.00 this winter.
It seems like he is going for population control via taking healthcare, heat, food to kill off the poor, elderly, sick...
Then let New York pay for it.
Putin often cuts off the oil and gas from colder then cold regions just following the leader
How do we stop him.
Price says "difficult decisions r necessary 2 streamline the govt to focus on the administration’s goals of def and pub safety" ie DOD.
This dovetails nicely with the 25% gas delivery rate hike National Grid is planning in upstate NY
20 trillion in debt, what's your plan, Senator?
This "administration" knows no boundaries. The less fortunate need to be assisted!!
LIE - No bill yet!
What is Congress doing to counteract the Admn's knee-jerk decisions to pull the rug out from under the truly needy? Please stop this.
Agreed. WHITEY GOP men dont care. Democrats better put up someone like Tom hanks,Cuban,Dwayne Johnson for president in 2020 if want to win!
Uh mm Dwayne Johnson is a republican
Imagine my surprise.
Love the #FakeNews
Again I ask how is this a responsibility of the federal government. Put it back to the states where it belongs. You have no answer.
About 20% of those qualified for LIHEAP receive help, your number suggests 60% of NYC or >25% of New York State qualifies. Ouch
PEOPLE HAVE PROBS BECAUSE OF RISING COSTS RENEWABLE ENERGY IS THE WAY TO CHANGE THESE COSTS
Isn't NY net contributors to taxes?  Just keep your taxes and tell feds to shove it.
The US is $20 TRILLION in debt! Why are *NY* heating bills the Federal Government's responsibility? This is a state issue.
over a bazillion people proposing eliminating the Trump Administration. the headline i want to see.
Quite efficient way to get rid off the poor, let them freeze and die or get sick and find out they don't have healthcare and die anyway.
Shame on them!
I know the struggle. However it's time for America to wake up and realize people are not entitled to entitlements. #ColdHardTruth
Cheap president! Cares only for the TRUMP FAMILY!

Need. to. kill. all. poor. people.
They seem to specialize in cruelty towards the most vulnerable among us. It's disgusting and makes me feel so ashamed.
What is the price of heating oil?  Wasn't that program started when it was up over $100 barrel?
Why do so many rely on help from the government?  Too much Reliance on government creates a systemic problem
And the #SOULLESSGOP strikes again.
Where's my wallet?
Cruelty is the hallmark of this administration. Trump has always hated the poor & minorities.
Oh come on, it still will be there
It feels like a get even to me. Trump thought he was beloved in NY. Finding out he wasn't/isn't results in bully politicking.
So more than 3/4 get by without problem even though they are qualified? Hmmmm
What happens when a slum lord becomes president...
Ugh, WHY? This program kept us warm as children - had a single mother who worked retail, heating prices were too high for us.
By the time he goes if ever, Pence is a non caring nut 2.The country will B 2 far gone,many will have died and it will be hard 2 recover
Would you support NY funding the program at the state level?
The Kennedy family will be in an  uproar as we all shoukd be.
"officials close to the program don’t see any widespread fraud." Bwahaha said the fox to the farmer while guarding the hen house.
@AP They have no other moves. 
Every time I hear of an Republican idea it strips away what makes America Noble and good! Folks they are just EVIL
I am a republican, blessings on you and yours. Forgive the Dems father they know not what they do.
All these awful policys are the Koch Brothers 
Trump is just the puppet 
Dark Money needs out of politics
You wish, the Koch never have supported him
Conway is their girl
She sure is
Senator: When do the Democrats put a stop to this. There must be a way to slow/shut the Senate down. It's now critical to the country.
Vote them out#2018 Democratic Party has yo find their voices
Another cruel move among many
You & @TheDemocrats are such LIARS & MISLEADING TO THE TAXPAYERS THEN YOU GROVEL FOR A $5 DONATION!
So you would like to see ppl lose heat in the winter?
OMG! IF YOU'RE TALKING TO ME, YOU'RE ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS! YOU'RE SPREADING THE B/S!
The Trump administration is trying to terrorize America.
The only moves he makes are cruel.
