the White House
And local school board. Campaigning for 3 women to get on to an all-male board next month.
Thank you!
Great idea. She exemplifies what we need in this country. May not be right place but emotion on target. Thanks for your work.
RESISTANCE IS FERTILE

#resist
The WH and admin could use a few, too. The WH  could use a few more warm bodies. That place is like a ghost town
Di Modico wasn't commissioned; he has no right to that public space. Fearless Girl shd stay where she is until we have #GenderEquity.
And as a mother.
Agree 100%
Should put the statue outside the capitol for a while.  And WH
1600 Pennsylvania Ave.
I wouldn't leave any underage girl, even one made of bronze, alone with that man.
Well she is "fearless" if she were souless she could be Kelly Ann Conway
Strong girls are great but really hate this statue. Just reminds me of how we can still be manipulated by smarm.
And in the FBI, of course.
In front of EVERY Planned Parenthood office
Include some fearless men too!

But we need fearless girls who'll stand up against Wall Street, big pharma, medical insurance companies, and military industrial complex.
... or the White House.
The White House
She's great but better yet, let's find her in the contemporary grown women (such as yourself, @SenGillibrand) who already surround us.
exactly. FEARLESS WOMEN!
Agreed. Let's stop infantilizing an entire gender.  #fearlesswomen
Thank you! You hit the nail on the head. TO ME THE STATUE IS INSANELY CONDESCENDING.
My bad. I thought it was a statue of Mr. Weinstein on a casting call.
how is with the charging bull?
How about facing her towards Bill Clintion's bed? A stain resistant blue dress would be appropriate
I'd say we need more work from feminists such as you to destroy the fear of young girls in US forced into genital mutilation by men!
true, but the Pentagon? Sure the Pentagon, but that was simply pandering on your part.
In front of schools everywhere to encourage girls on a daily basis.
and the boardroom and corner office...
Diversity in politics is a good thing.  We need more women to run for political office #breakglassceiling
Plus the White House, Senator. Let's hope Trump doesn't sexually assault it.
Yeah. I sympathize with the artist.
And the White House!
The white house, board rooms, ceos, judges, police..
The WH too (too complicit).
The WhiteHouse
Agreed.
How about we move it back to the ad agency's office?
In front of the Boston Fire Department. Photo from @BostonGlobe
In front of @BetsyDeVosED office. I dare you to take away our public school education.
In front of a mosque.
Inside Facebook headquarters.
And the White House.
Just visited with my 14-yr old daughter-so appreciated #Fearlessgirl message
and the White House
How about the White House?!
WHA WHA WHA
I wonder how many fearless girls are lost in an abortion?   My guess is all of them!
The House? The Senate? The Pentagon? Yeah, those will be Fearless Girls, fer SURE.
While we need equal representation we have to remember that being female does not make you any better than male
Just remember that the majority of white females voted from dtrumph and that should tell you more than you want to know
Also: Gillibrand 2020!
Albany statehouse!!
Outside trump tower, Mara lago, the white House
I couldn't agree more Senator
I'd say in the White House!  We almost had one.
Across from White House, YUGE statue of Rep Maxine Waters,1 hand on hip,other holding bullhorn 4 protest would work, we need #FearlessWOMAN
Everywhere!!!!
and a lot less global street advisors
Yes! And the White House! :)
Fearless girls are needed in all positions of power. Millions of them.....
I'd settle for a couple of HONEST people (male or female) in the House & Senate. You and Chuckie certainly aren't honest.
And it's about time girls and women stop taking BULL shit and start leading When God made women She ment for her to lead not follow Amen
Agree, but this sculpture is not a work of art so much as it is an extremely clever advertising scheme from a global advertising firm.
Yes, yes and yes.  And the White House.
I’d say in the White House!
Absolutely in front of the Capitol!  She needs to go on tour so all girls can see her.
Sofa king we todd did.
We need fearless PEOPLE.  Someday gender will have nothing to do with job description.
I'd say we need less of capitalism trying to rebrand itself as charitable and kind because it isn't
On the white house lawn
I *wanted* one in the White House, but here we are.
Right in front of the White House.
Mar-a-Lago.
Yes!!! And more in the upper executives of corporations, and Hollywood and marketing.
I'd say we need fewer ad campaigns by capital funds and more support for public art by women
In prison? Brothels?
Not to be confused with clueless girls. Or brainwashed girls.
And in the White House.
OK! We also need Term Limits! Thank you!
Can we get one installed right outside 45*'s prison cell?
I agree with your tweet but I also believe each artist's work is their intellectual property.
You go KiKi.
Agreed, but can we call them women? No need to infantilize ourselves.
it derma like bernini and borromini
Right on trumps desk!
And in the White House too @SenGillibrand 2020
And the White House.
It's a copyright violation.
And the Presidency....
And the WHITE HOUSE !!
I say we need more fearless girls in the White House.
