My 34 year old son became eligible for Medicaid bcuz Michigan governor expanded Medicaid via Obama care. Now what?
I'm very lucky that for the few months I was on the ACA (right after getting laid off), I didn't need to use it — but was SO glad I had it.
1. Because controlling conception improves a family's quality of life. 2. Because a healthy workforce is a productive workforce
me w/o daily meds.  Chronic pain and migraines.  I am barely hanging on.  I am 46.
The ACA gave me the ability to start my own private practice and later employ others in my small business #howtheacasavedmylife
My mom is 84 w/dementia + Parkinson's, in Medicaid ALP in Manhattan. Staff save her life daily. We should all get old w/such dignity +care
This is my son Jeffrey he has Crohn's Disease and Anklyosing Spondylitis. He gets Remicade every 6-weeks. Without that he will die!!!
This is my son with Crohn's also. Without his infusions every 6 wks, he could die as well.
God bless him!!!  Poor baby, I know all too well how devastating this disease is!!!  Keep fighting!!!
And you with 2 kids living with Crohn's...you're a supermom  It's hard to see your baby in pain, let alone 2 babies. TY 4 the kind thoughts
Thank you!  I will keep your Son in my prayers.
The problem with HC is the ins. Co. We need ins. Co. Reform and new standards of care. They deny deny deny to make more money.
Stage IV cancer, #ACA removed lifetime limits on my employer provided insurance. Still alive & working over 2 yrs since diagnosis
$10,000 MRI charged because Hlth Ins co denied it. After fight hospital paid $1500. Why am I not protected from surge prices?
I m a Sr on medicare.
I was diagnosed with cancer at age 30. I hope to have a long life ahead of me, but I will FOREVER have a preexisting condition!
After my daughter was born, I had ppd.  ACA meant I could get the meds and counseling I needed to get better and be there for my family.
My husband and I took care of his MIL w/dementia after 10 months we finally place her in a home & w/o medicaid this wouldn't have been poss.
not long after my heart was found to be regurgitating. Heart surgery that wasn't quite effective enough, so after paying my lotted time for
for ins. I went on medicare which left my husband w/nothing. So we got him ACA & it's expensive. We've been through all our savings incl
I was fined by New York State and I want my money back.
In no way should government force people to have insurance or pay for others.
Without Medicare I do not where I would be. I am getting the medications and proper treatments I need for mental and physical health
If Obama care is so great why did the Senate vote to have a different plan?
As a small biz sole proprietor I could never afford healthcare before ACA. Be4 only high deductible plans w/little cov. Now full hc #sosaca
25 yo friend on her parents insurance facing diagnosis of rare condition & not cleared for work in spite of MS she just finished w/loans.
I pay cash. Haven't had insurance in a decade. Don't drink, don't do drugs, I eat healthy & I'm in charge of my mental and psychical health
Son @jameson_rich writer living in NY born w/congenitaldisease. @ 24 still cov'd 2yrs under our Ins but future uncertain if Mcd&ACA gutted
Please vote NO on Trumpcare--it is just unAmerican.
The ACA provided for me until I turned 65.  Medicaid provides for my Mom in a PA nursing home.
Husband a cancer survivor , son with autism ... what will happen to our coverage?
I'm still waiting for a response from my email which got the general generic response you would contact me soon
Denied coverage due to Lupus after a family layoff.  9 yo denied because of broken arm needing surgery. #ACAsavedmylife
I have 2 hearing impaired children, one with $6,000.00 hearing aids and one with a cochlear implant, both of which insurance paid for...
I have a child with Type 1 Diabetes. 1 vial of Insulin is $300.00 dollars and a $4,000.00 pump and glucose monitor. Insurance paid for this
To take care of your child, I would recommend you to apply iKeyMonitor.
I have stage IV breast cancer.  If BCRA passes I'll choose between my home and the medication keeping me alive. Terrifying.
It is immoral. It's despicable to put people into this kind of situation, the stress, is the last thing anyone battling illness needs.
Diagnosed with cancer this year.  Able to get best care because no limits exist.  Just picked up my lifetime long meds with a $0 copay.
I'd thrown away my proof of coverage docs when ACA passed.  Scared of what happens to my lifetime costs & care if current bill goes through.
My sister had same cancer 16 years ago.  Scared for her as well...
Fwiw, I'm PROUD to call you my Senator.  Thrilled to be one of your constituents.
My father has ALS ... he & Mom have saved all their lives to have a comfortable retirement. I'm worried about my mother and how long their
savings will hold out if their medical coverage is affected - and it will be.
My son has special needs - he is a loyal citizen who loves his country - if Medicaid goes away so does his support/care/meds/services - SAD!
Thank you for sharing your story. We'll  this together. 
ALL FOR ONE AND ONE FOR ALL! We are all united in our mutual respect, love and fierceness!!!

#MEDICAIDMUSKETEERS  ALL FOR ONE AND ONE FOR ALL!
I use catheters 4-5x a day, and deal with UTIs several times a year.  I have an autoimmune disease that will slowly kill
I have a spinal birth defect. A lifetime on crutches has left me with severe carpal tunnel that makes it difficult to hold things. 1/3
Because I live in TX, even with the ACA I still don't have insurance
@JimmyA_Shook1s I am a cancer survivor, my son has asthma, my husband's family has colon cancer history. We need good care.
I'm Dem living in NY my premiums and deductibles went up. My insurance co. will leave exchange next yr. U have had 8 yrs 2 fix ACA, nothing
Have ins. thru my employer, but that's never a given and w/o AHCA, would be catastrophic if lost as a young cancer survivor.
I've degenerative disk disease, arthritis in both hips. P/T & specialist co-pays now $15. Hubby w/Crohn's & I are both 60+ & work F/T 13905
Hubby has Crohn's. In remission since '04 due to Remicaid chemo. w/o ins. is $16k every 8 wks. Co-pay is $15. He WILL die without it. 13905
I had cheap catastrophic insurance, then my insurance was covered by my employer, then the government passed the ACA and I now have neither
Born premature, blind in rt eye. Eye removed @ 13 from glaucoma. Is my artificial eye a pre-existing condition denying me healthcare?
2/2 reentered workforce as social worker. Doubtful I'd have Hi  but able to get affordable HI b/c of ACA. Fighting agg. Cancer now: Winning
1/2 Surgery for congenital heart valve & pacemaker in 2013 as a single dad college student that was funded by medicaid. Graduated,
I tore my ankle open, passed out from blood loss b/c no ins. for dr. Later was told should have had ~12 stitches. Permanent tendon damage.
Happened to be going to UK shortly after, where I was treated for FREE no questions asked. Too late for stitches but was given antibiotics.
Totally fine now (other than the fact I can't feel my ankle), but was a stark contrast of how two different nations treat the injured.
We have the wealth to care for everyone. We need the will. It's time. Single payer not endless war.
I have employer sponsored health insurance but my deductibles and co-pays now are at the  limit of being affordable.  It won't be after this
I'm not on medicaid, but my rural community depends on it to keep our hospital open. We all benefit from medicaid.
my mom has dementia and breast cancer. She's a walking prexisting condition and would smash any lifetime limit.
2x cancer survivor. ACA saved me $1200/mo in ins premiums
My parents are in their 80s living with me to save money. With Medicare, their insurance is $1800/mo. Save ACA.
https://www.gofundme.com/mytreasures?pc=tw_co_dashboard_a&rcid=4eef6bc6e4e64200b48e1a1c28cfb6c7 …
So my family of 4 is net 7200 to the bad per year and our out of pocket risk is over 7000 while copay continues to go up.
At the same time my wife had to come off my insurance and get her own Donnie she pays another 500 a month and her deductibles tripled too.
I have coverage through work as such my premiums have gone up 1800 over 6 years and my out of pocket has 3x where is the 2500 I was to save?
.@SenGillibrand Here's the first part of mine: https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.vox.com/platform/amp/first-person/2017/4/21/15374532/breast-cancer-march-for-science … #PreexistingCondition - Keep the #ACA
.@SenGillibrand @voxdotcom ps the care I get at @MSKCC_BreastCA should be available to all: they are kind, up-to-date, expert drs and nurses
My husband and I started a small business because of ACA. Otherwise we were in jobs we hated for insurance. Gave us freedom!
Please explain why ur concerned now about healthcare when u haven't said a word since u arrived in senate about ur Delphi constituents loss
I have disabling mental illness, Medicaid pays for a vast range of community mental health services that would be unaffordable otherwise. 1/
Without Medicaid, I would be institutionalized, homeless, or dead. With it, I have recovery and a life worth living. - Grateful NYer 2/2
My Dad has severe condition, My mother in law is Diabetic and my 2 year old son is (most likely)Autistic needs a developmental assessment
The free market can be more competitive and give a better product.
First let's get it straight- it';s NOT healthcare it's health ins and it's all about the government grabbing power it shouldn't.
I have been on Obamacare for almost three years and if it had not been for this coverage I would not be here tweeting# Save ACA!
Chronically ill spouse who would exhaust caps and never be able to survive and I have employer based coverage.
Dtr with fused joints on Medicare & Medicaid & I am paid for some of her care. What if we lose Medicaid support? Her needs are great. 
My grandson was born with gastroschisis and as a result (2 major surgeries and 10 months of hospital care) has Short Gut Syndrome.Has 27" 1)
left of upper intestines. Medicaid served as his 2nd ins after Dad's ins paid. Costs exceeded $3.4M. If Medicaid hadn't picked up his  2)
would've been bankrupt. Still requires frequent hosp care for issues that arise. Medicaid was a God send to us all. He's got pre-ex cond 3)
and if put in high risk pool too expensive. Medicaid saved his life & saved his parents from bankruptcy. They pay for meds reg ins won't 4)
& give his parents & me relief to know it's there. He'll always have problems rest of life. Medicaid saved him. This is Rowan. He had 5)
tonsillectomy recently but due to inability to eat & damage to lungs was not routine. He went into resp distress. Medicaid covered extend 6)
stay that reg ins wouldn't. Please, I pray that this horrifying bill is not passed. Gastroschisis is growing w/in pop. Rowan is miracle. 7)
Shredded my back @ work, found underlying hereditary issues and now I am unable to work and fighting for disability. Since my back injury
was helped along by pre-existing issue I fear my disability case may be drawn out 2 wait for AHCA changes. Got 4 kids and am scared -less
bills & utilities don't work on "I'll get ya as soon as my disability comes through" Till then my fam suffers b/c I'm hurt, its killing me.
I have had Rheumatoid since I was 5.I'm badly disabled. Under trumpcare,I won't be able to pay for insurance Premiums, much less any surgery
Work 4clinic where 90-95% of pt's r on Medicaid. Healthcare bill will close all 3of our clinics, 250 of us lose r jobs, 1000s lose coverage.
I developed asthma in my late 20s & also learned I had a heart murmur. The ACA has given me access to care I need to survive
My 37yr old daughter,living in Bklyn, has LAM, an, incurable lung disease, affordable, transportable health insurance key to survival.
Cancer diagnosis at 33. ACA plan bought on exchange capped my expenses, saved me from bankruptcy. Now healthy but uninsurable without ACA.
My mother had stage 4 lung cancer & relies on her Medicare & affordable supplement to get her care. Increases in premiums will be lethal
lost my house as Independent Health would NOT pay 4 her surgery . I've had SAME JOB 34YRS ! THANX AMERICA
my healthcare ALWAYS sucked ! They refused my ex's back surgery ( absolutely crucial one as well ) and I went BANKRUPT .. And
Req'd a cardiac procedure & overnight stay in hospital. Billed at: $53k. Insurance company settled for $38k. My cost: $75 copay. 2/2
Self-employed, got plan thru CT exchange--silver plan w/no deductible. Work has been scarce, so subsidies are vital. Kept all my doctors. 1/
Medical provides indispensable services and care for people with disabilities.
I have a rare #PreexistingCondition & am a pediatrician in OH. Thanks to #insurance I am a productive member of society #DoctorsSpeakOut!
Thank you for sharing.  I am 1/500 individ. in the U.S. living w/a rare #preexistingcondition too.  Would have died at 15 w/o insurance
Thank you for sharing! Drs with #preexistingconditions have a unique voice in this national discussion. We must share! #DoctorsSpeakOut
I had a kidney transplant. With EHB, my insurance covers my meds. Without EHB, I'd pay thousands every month even with insurance! #SaveACA
Couldn't get ft work during recession. Almost died from strep bc I was afraid of a Dr bill. Ended up w/$6k ER bill. A year later got on ACA
I have a niece who had a stroke @ 22 yrs old. She is now 36. Without the ACA she will max out lifetime benefits. She'll die.
My 12 yo has a rare brain condition called AVM. Discovered at age 8. Medicaid covers therapy! No caps! Preexisting condition protection!
My child is medically fragile and will die without #Medicaid home & comm based program
I'm a hospital pediatrician and care for kids on public insurance daily, including with chronic illnesses and disabilities. #KeepKidsCovered
Our friends won't have insurance if the GOP bill is passed because she had a brain tumor before adopting and having her kids.
I had access to affordable healthcare right away after I was laid off thanks to ACA.  Much cheaper than COBRA!
ObamanationCare destroyed health insurance. Healthcare and health insurance aren't the same thing. Get to work.
I'm 33 and have PsA and AS- progressive chronic disease. Im a wife & mom. My HC costs causing bankruptcy w/ ins.
Born with arrhythmia & mitral valve prolapse. Rejected for Blue X at age 19. Thx to affordable care, I can be a writer + pay for insurance!
Those who have should help those who have not. That is #trueChristianity not the selfishness and greed we see w/ Repub bill.
Just had a  and now having been pregnant is a preexisting condition?! Unfathomable that protections for an entire gender are on the line.
Nobody complains about compulsory auto insurance and the costs of failing to have that is loss of license, fines & poss jail.
My son is also Autistic, also considered a pre-existing condition. Healthcare is a right & should b protected as one.
The ACA should be fixed to close these PPO loopholes for corps, but other than that I support the ACA as one with pre-existing cond.
My healthcare currently is so shitty that even with it I am going bankrupt & my hubby's employer is the one offering.
@DNC @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems Here's my story: The USA deserves an NHS. #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll #NHSforUSA
My story is that AHC tripled our insurance My son & his family policies were unaffordable,they went without insurance , & were fined. Repeal
My aunt was able to live independently bc of Medicaid. Left single and paralyzed after a surgery, she worked and raised 2 young kids.
My brother has Down's syndrome -lives in a group home in Hastings-his care is completely dependent on Medicaid - here is Bobby with my son
We need interstate competition to make health care more affordable. Fight for this. Don't use obscenities, Senator. I am a supporter.
Not extreme but my daughter who works 2 jobs and graduated college send not be a 2nd class citizen begging for health every yr from Congress
We lost our insurance in April. I was able to get COBRA coverage, my wife went on Medicare. Both are needed programs!
I was without health care for years building my own business. Thanks to AHA, finally covered. Afraid it's about to end
The ACA is the best healthcare I've ever had. First time I've ever had eye care and dental care. The peace of mind of having it is priceless
(2011) lost grp ins-quoted $1500 mo for $2500 ded B/c of existing minor issue (2013) got ACA $300 mo(2015)got Medicare 
My gramma spent her savings until Medicare took over for her last years in the nursing home.
I was diagnosed with Grave's Disease at 19, and had a thyroidectomy. I've been healthy, but revoking the PEC waiver is scary
Since the ACA covered mental health, numerous friends have benefitted from important care. Lives, marriages have been saved.
Self employed. Asthma.  59. Worried about pre-existing
Self employed and low income. ACA covers me with expanded Medicaid & I finally have mental health coverage keeping me productive & healthy
I am self employed and depend on the individual market for insurance. I had an emergency surgery last year, would have gone bankrupt w/o ACA
Breast cancer survivor, diabetic, high blood pressure
Having health care coverage meant I could care for my reproductive health, chose when and if to become a parent. It's enabled my career.
I was uninsured for a while and it was the scariest time of my life. One accident would have bankrupted me and cancelled my future
I'm not on an ACA plan, but I am more than happy my tax dollars support those plans. They keep the people I love alive.
They keep my community healthy. They provide a way out for abused spouses and exploited employees who before were trapped by health plans
I am so grateful that you are fighting for all of this. That you haven't given up. Thank you, Senator, for your dedicated service.
Former kidney donor then cancer patient. $12K/MONTH Rx for oral chemo to keep stage 4 gastro cancer from returning. 2X/yr scans aren't cheap
.@SenGillibrand
I was paying $800/mon. for health ins. Then after Obamacre it went to $1700/mon and deductibles so high I couldn't afford to see my Dr.
My experience with ACA has been fantastic because I have a 33 yr old who needs coverage...she is facing major surgery.
#SinglePayerNow
I just finished treatment that cost $14,000 per week. Not only is it expensive I now have pre-existing. I can't afford any change.
I am an architect in Potsdam,NY, sole breadwinner, sm. business owner. My son is autistic. W/out the ACA & medicaid, my family is uninsured.
My business just doesn't generate the revenue to afford what it cost to insure a family of four on the open market-$1800+ a month!
AFTER OBAMA CARE MY CO Pays WHERE HIGHER MY DEDUCTIBLES WHERE HIGHER OBAMA CARE RUINED THE INSURANCE INDUSTRY THANK YOU DEMOCRATS
This is the reality of employment for millions - there's no coverage through your job. ACA gives people options they don't have otherwise.
Repubs think everyone can just get covered through their employer. I've worked freelance 25 yrs, good pay, great industry--no benefits.
I HAVE coverage thanks to Medicare expansion in NY.
Thanks to ACA I was able to start my own small business. Now, my employees may lose their healthcare. Repeal could cost me my business.
In any discussion about heathcare, remember that many, many Americans are already crippled by education debt. More debt will kill them.
(2/2) & the only bad thing about it is that they discriminate against you for your socio-eco status with #statecoverage (#isthatevenlegal)
Wouldn't have #healthcare at all if it weren't for ACA. I'm on CT's state coverage,
My parents who immigrated from Italy a few yrs ago and never worked in the US are insured only thx to Obamacare!
I am on chemo for life because I have 5 auto immune diseases.  It's expensive.  We can't afford to lose the protections of the ACA.
Already Lost my families insurance thanks to Obamacare
My son is a healthy intelligent 12-y/o who fought through the complications of birth at 28 weeks. He'll never get Insured under this bill.
This is my daughter Annie she has Crohn's Disease. Healthcare is life or death for her. She needs surgery in August to make her healthy.
Recent dx of MS. Pd for med benefits all life & now may not have it. Will be in chair or worse w/o meds, which are $$$.This is cruel to many
Own a small Co. Before ACA, our Ins. was more than a mortgage pmt on top of putting 2 kids through college. W/O it we will lose everything.
One child born with a congenital heart defect, one has Autism, spouse had cancer, and has RA, I had  2 C-sections. #Pre-Existing Conditions
@dearclaudia_ and I both had appendicitis !!
it's true we suffered together and didn't even know it
Even with insurance, I still needed Medicaid for both of my pregnancies. I would not have recv'd proper prenatal care without Medicaid.
Became citizen 2010. Voted 1st time for a democrat in 2012. Ended ^ w a rightwing healthplan. Now we need singlepayer #HR676 or #demexit
I'm 22 & have been disabled for 5yrs, I'm on disabilities and I do college full time. I have a genetic condition w/ several rare conditions
To date I've had a combination of 12surgeries. I was in a wheelchair for 4years and a several different feeding systems for 2 of those years
a breast cancer survivor who has fought with insurers in the past for routine testing to be covered.  No one should have to worry about that
2/2 I'm uninsurable according to private companies even though my regular health care costs are under $2000/yr. Must have ins for kiddo
Have mentally ill step son dependent on Medicaid. Any cut would be devastating
My sister has had cancer 8 times-6 skin-2 breast. She went sev yrs w/o ins. If not for ACA, she would not have ins!
I started a law firm & now that it's successful enough to support me & kiddo, I started a nonprofit law firm. No #ACA means neither one 1/2
Already bored, the ACA was unconstitutional and was failing, get a new idea
My 12yo daughter has #T1D. Pre-existing condition coverage is important.

Guaranteed universal #SinglePayer would be better.
Single mom & to add daughter to my ins $800/mnth. Use ACA & pay $200 less some credits. Don't get child support regular so ACA only choice
air conditioner. Non working hospital bed. 2 non working motorized wheelchairs. 1 manual wheelchair with unreliable  breaks. And bed bugs!
my brother owns his own business. He walked around on a broken knee and had untreated chronic conditions until the ACA!
I'm a proud AAP member who advocates for my patients and families every day. Thank you for listening to us!
Many of my families are working poor; many kids are medically complex. Healthcare reform is not in their best interest.
I'm a pediatrician; 85% of my pts have Medicaid. Proposed reform will negatively impact their ability to access and obtain care.
Pt. battling chf for years was able to get the heart transplant he needed because of ACA. Great outcome!
Having worked with Seniors, TBI, & others using Medicaid Waiver for over 25 yrs,some have come from closed State Institutions, Willowbrook
Is an example. This is an example of why community waiver programs work better fiscally, emotionally and on humanitarian levels. We can not
Ignore our history, we know what happens w/out Medicaid Waiver programs. Watch the documentaries, read the interviews see it for yourselves
I'm have Cerebral Palsy. Wheelchair bound. 24/7/365 home care. Dual eligible. Income from S.S.$13,200. Rent:$393 $8. a month 4 non working
My cost of insurance increased, my coverage decreased.  Thank you Obamacare.
Just wanted to add that I am better off than many people. Many have chronic illnesses and disabilities or have loved ones with them.
I was denied health insurance in the past because of Von Willebrand Disease, a bleeding disorder for which I take no meds nor treatments. 
My mother is in a nursing home and her care is covered by Medicaid. on Social Security and working as many hours as I can and on Medicare
I am a women with a pretty existing condition (ulcerative colitis) with thoughts of someday having children.
*pre-existing
I have a pre-existing condition, both my daughters have pre-existing conditions and both my grandkids have pre-existing conditions.
1 In 2013, I worked as a contractor w/a breast cancer survivor who was also diabetic, hypertensive, & asthmatic. As she was self-employed,
2 insurance for her would have been astronomical so she'd had no coverage for over 15 yrs. She used to laugh about just hanging on until the
3 ACA came in. She tried to manage her diabetes on her own with online info & trips to the walk-in clinic but it wasn't well-controlled &
I don't know how to afford my medicine which keeps me stable and out of the hospital. #Medicaid
I'm on ssi due to severe anxiety/depression. Any cut to Medicaid/EBT/SSI/HUD means no docs/meds/food/home. Does GoP want me dead?
@TheLoyalO featured my story & child's needs. #SAVEACA
.@GraceTiscareno is veteran;1st #preemie child had 5 surgeries
#preexistingConditions #blind;NEEDS #ACA protection
#FacesOfACA #LoyalO 
Considered upper-middle class, but when I go on Medicare, spouse will not have an affordable coverage option. GOP plan affects everyone!
I am a doctor 4 kids with autism. They have so much to lose w cuts in Medicaid funding. Medical care, behavior therapy, independent living
Lost job in '11, 55 yrs old, make 1/4 salary as previous job...only way we could afford healthcare for family was thru Obamacare
I've worked all my life now afraid to retire because ins may be in jeopardy.
@indivisibleOR1 Pre-ACA, my 6-yr-old was denied coverage. Reason? He once had a stomachache.
All I have to say is please save planned parenthood, my story is too long to comment here. Fix the ACA ...!!Save Medicare and Medicaid.
It's not about fake news it's about making all news questionable which drives decisiveness.Putin wins. Trump fantasies creating dictatorship
My mom was 49, uninsured b/c of pre-existing conditions. Died from subchorionic hermorrhage caused by AVM, 6/2/09.
Hey @Raul_Labrador? This is my mom. 4/14/60-6/2/09. Sub chorionic hemorrhage caused by AVM. Her name was Peggy. She didn't have insurance. 
I was underinsured years ago while in Americorps and then in grad school (pre-ACA). I went w/o medications due to cost & medication caps 1/1
dx w/Ulcerative Colitis in 2008 & had inconsistent treatment since cost was a barrier. I have ins through work & am grateful 4 for #ACA 2/2
I am disabled, have preexisting conditions...I am over 50 & low income..I'm on Medicare but still concerned 4 others coverage
My autistic son, 27,  lives with dignity and independence supported by an aide thanks to Medicaid. Without it, he'd be institutionalized.
I just had to stop my http://Healthcare.org . It was costing $340.00 every month. I'm not 65 yet, 62. I am a widow, see I can collect SS.
However, I have a car payment, a mortagage, etc. To much money.
We have 2 young sons ages 16 and 10. We are both over 50.  We are screwed 2 of 2
My husband was unemployed for over a year. Recently got a contracting job. Cobra runs out in Oct -$1800/mth. I work pt w/no ins.  1 of 2
Had a tumor removed from my jaw five years ago because Obamacare covered me. Paid it off inside one year. Endlessly thankful.
My mom is 64 with M.S.  Our family needs Coverage to give her the care she needs.  She has been battling for 40 years.
Without ACA my husband and I would be buried in medical debt. Don't let Republicans take away our health care!
I developed a work ethic young and decided to support myself and family without government help.  Got a job with medical benefits.
I like what we had in 1966
I've had many of my friends health care costs Skyrocket under Obamacare. Repeal Obamacare
My story is Stephen curry just got 210 mill for basketball. I am a operating room tech...I don't make 1/10th of that ...period. saving lives
But I don't have healthcare...not eligible and can't afford my own like so many others
