Why don't all theRepublican women put a end to @SenateMajLdr leadership and side with all women  vote no
Bot blocked !
JUST IN An extremely credible source James Comey has testified... @AmbRice44 unmasked bad actors @ChuckGrassley @LindseyGrahamSC go DARK45
Please get Dems inline with proper messaging to counter the GOP. "Earned Benefits" not Entitlements. "Medicare For All" not Single Payer.
2/ Why don't you guys and gals on the Dem side SPEAK OUT loud and clear and consistently? Our country is going to the hogs.
What should we do?
you did bring a rape hoaxer to the state of the union, you are the most male hating senator in the history of the republic
MEANWHILE, it's important that the SENATE consider Legislation to shore up Obamacare. The GOP intentionally de-stabilized the health system!
@TheCurtHagerman @imahaider @Yurkinslrene So Much Nastiness!  Reply: Kool-Aid (never); Cable TV - seldom (I read); No meds.
Try being kind
She's a Trump troll/bot.
Women=Families
Sadly @GOP has never placed a value on women`s health, motherhood, or women in the workplace. @SenGillibrand be the exception, she is alone.
and democrats never value mens health nor does any member of our government
I didn't know men had periods and babies. Sorry you feel neglected. Wow, maybe you are experiencing a period.
GILLIBRAND IS FOR SINGLE PAYER LISTEN TO GILLIBRAND AND YOU WILL DIE WAITING IN LINE TO SEE A DOCTOR VOTE GILLIBRAND OUT SAVE NEW YORK
i am calling all day.  i am crying on the phone at times. this suck.  i wish you could shut that damn congress down.
Larry Seffinger - Learn how to spell.
NO ONE CARES KRISTEN ..especially MEN REMEBER THIS WAS DAY 2 on the job.. @womensmarch @UniteWomenOrg @NCADV #GOP WOMEN DONT CARE #maddow
AND... here's the truth about Canadian health care:
you have been in congress for years and i cant remeber you ever saying mens health
GOP trying 2 bribe Sen Murkowski hopefully she'll do what's best 4 all Americans
Have a chat w/ your colleague Lisa. Seems wrong she should be bribed where AK gets to keep ACA if she votes for everyone else to lose it.
Raise hell! Why should Alaskans benefit from a bribe?
@SenToomey refuses public TH- doesn't answer phones & staff hangs up ON constituents! This is wrong but he enables T & GOP. @TuesdaysToomey
Senator Toomey is a coward. He does not meet with citizens.
What no profanity? You must not care very much.

@sruhle Every Senator fr & expansion state shd ask for the same deal! Then we get to keep Obamacare. Problem solved https://twitter.com/coton_luver/status/910998856669597696 …

Nonsense!  Stop the wedge issues!
yes speak out
And always is.....
Senator: Switzerland is the world's most competitive country. Everyone has health insurance by law. It ain't cheap, but i's there.
Why am I not getting updates on your public schedule My #Senator? I'm not being rude, I just want to know. Thank you for responding,
ie. Town Halls....I voted for you, and #Support you. Please respond.
I'M A WOMAN AND I'M FINE WITH IT, I DON'T NEED THE GOVERNMENT TEAT!!!!!!!!!
Stop Nonsense!3rd Wave of Feminist Movement on Board w/4Women Leaders of Action; Women of Senate+ALL the REST majority of Million$!
If the issue is, "it costs too much, now" ... it's known that single-payer for all is cheaper - saving U.S. $$. What's not to like?
and NY has a Trailer park trash talking Representative who DOES nothing to serve ALL new yorkers, Just serve herself.. TERM LIMITS!!
Why don't you lead New York state instead of blaming all YOUR shortcomings on Donald Trump.. Do your job, Stop Obstructing !! TERM LIMITS
"Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness" HEALTHCARE = LIFE. Fight for us 
Please vote NO to the healthcare bill also known as Trumpcare.
Please vote for a very large personal and corporate tax cut  and totally defund Planned Parenthood ! Thank you
No matter what the government is trying take away from you all, you will still have a better deal then Black Americans
24M Will die IF ObamaCARE is removed! Who cares the name as long as same program, Is Social Security NEXT? STOP Looting Citizens& Resources
I can't wait for all the commercials of you and your pal @lsarsour talking about jihad against the 45th POTUS
Pls share my speech at a press conf w you. My NC Senators support #BCRA so I have to fight hard to raise my voice & protect NC Citizens
This is impt but why aren't u commenting on what @potus is doing to our standing in the world? U and Dems shd be screaming re natl security
I was in your office last week please keep sharing our stories  I would rather not die again
terrible !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Where are these items happening in the Senate even ? These are all made up press releases you send first to create some typesetter of.
Dear Sen Gilibrand, if you cross @marcorubio in the hall, let him know his constituents think this bill is garbage. He's not ret our calls
We have become a nation of too many idiots and Republicans benefit from that.  Democrats are quiet and civil.  Civility is weakness.
Impeach Trump
Women heads up
You approve of DeBlasio's trip to Germany? Disgrace!
مرسی
Should we speak out like you did at the graduation? Resign please!
I agree, but look at the status of the food supply and the medical establishment. Why would anyone trust either of them?
As someone once said, Fu*kU , just wait for it.......
not accomplishing much, maybe if you say "fuck" a few more times.
Insurance Companies offer no value. Every dollar they earn could go towards patient treatment.
Insurance Companies interfere with Patient/Doctor relationship.
Whats your proposal for fixing ACA?  It's reached critical mass..& you're playing obstructionist idealogue. Thanks 4 nothing here in NY
You are really beautiful.
very cool and happy day for you.

Thank you thank you thank you for fighting for us
I guess you're incapable of adding up the women in his cabinet and the one that put him over the finish line! Explain why Dems fix nothing?
us ppl shld come out coz Trump will lead u to the way where no way u find
Huh??
You had me at Senate "Careening".
Can you provide ONE specific example of how/why this bill is so bad for womens health?  I'm open to being persuaded. I'll wait.
We are with you speaking up. Please continue fighting for us.
I'll speak out...you're living on mars!!!
The Senate needs to consider women when it considers voting on anything which impacts the rights of women!
#TheResistance speaks out everyday Senator, we won't back down  Democrats in the Senate could withhold consent and filibuster by amendment
Claiming to resist political agendas while also supporting Democrats is like being a vegetarian while scarfing down bacon.
It's not a women's health bill it's a tax cut for the super rich and it's unconscionable. Stop it any way you can.
Where do you stand on Kate's Law? For or against criminals?
You got a whip list? Who is on the fence? Where do we apply the pressure? Who's offices do we need to occupy?
Braindead @SenGillibrand, The horror is that gov. is voting on a once great industry in the first place. Go back to passing out permits
Everyone is speaking out but congress isn't listening.
How about the worst health bill EVER?!?
We are! We will not stop.
http://devour.threadless.com/designs/make-america-cut-again …

A modern American protest shirt for a "a modern president".

#resist #25AmendmentNow #DumpTrump #dumpsterfire
Why do these men hate women so much? The women gave them each their lives after all & women gave them children too. So perplexing.

#25thAmendmentNow
Do something about it shout scream make America hear this!!!!!
Keep fighting and thanks for every day that you do!
True Some Republican s Are Taking a Stand Against 34 Million Americans Losing Health care insuranceTrump Care Latest CBO Report @MaddowBlog
Please keep fighting against this bill! 10968.
Republicans have destroyed everything that's good in this country
No Senate business until they hold open hearings on #trumpcare
He is deplorable..
We have been.
Single Payer for NYS.
We have been "speaking out" and marching and boycotting. Short of civil unrest not sure what more we the ppl can do w such lame gvmt
13 men in a closed meeting, as if they could possibly be equitable in women's healthcare; gross.
We do speak out but we need a leader to rally behind. Will you be that leader? Single payer system and return to the economic bill of rights
Isn't that your job to speak out? Get involved with the negotiations...DO SOMETHING INSTEAD OF COMPLAINING
We are !!
Stop listening tp media and demoncrat lies.
They are cutting deals in private, no doubt. They'll present & vote on bill w/o thorough debate. @JeffFlake  @SenJohnMcCain
Ma'am 5 Calls App is a good way to simplify our #Resist #TheResistance @make5calls call call call Show Your Anger; Act on your Anger
I call my (R) senators, they are "reviewing it". They don't care abt citizens, only corporations. @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain
Vote Kirsten Gillibrand out!  That'd be great for the country!
Bot! Blocked!
Stand up! Resist!!
Speaking out loudly in Arizona!
Crooked Hillary killed 10,000 women and children in Haiti
Surrounded by Trump fans here, it can get wearisome to keep speaking out. Thanks for your example & inspiration!
I feel you. Surrounded by rich people who don't think it affects them so they go to their weekend houses and ignore my pleas. 
#RESIST #PERSIST #PROTEST #GETLOUD
"Men have finally gotten the upper hand in the zero sum game feminism declared when we didn't want to fight. Congrats!" That kind of thing?
WH releases staff salaries: 
- There are 20% less staff than Obama had
- Women assistants make more than males
- Trump gives his salary away
Repeal and don't replace
And our president is tweet-fighting with a morning news show. #ImpeachTrump
We are. And it doesn't help when the @realDonaldTrump @potus calls the media fake. The media is who we need to echo our voices.
@realDonaldTrump, @SpeakerRyan, @SenateMajLdr & @GOP will cause more American suffering & deaths than any terror group #GOPDestroyingAmerica
Let's speak out loud. It takes one voice. Just one. Then others follow. One spark. One start. 
More than a generation.  It may take us a generation to correct the harm being done to this country by incompetent politicians.
Speaking out, thank you Senator!

Last time I checked you're in the Senate, how bout you get behind a podium and speak out
Shame on you for not even attempting to work with the Republicans to get this bill passed!
Go away bot. Blocked!
Hey DemocRATS stop diving and lying about women issues.  Why not contribute to the health bill and STOP criticizing. We are voting you out.
Blocked bot!
Spare us. The worst bill in a generation is already in effect...and failing miserably. The farcical AHCA. Entirely UNaffordable!
Bot alert. Blocked!
You mean the bill is going to cut off your beloved abortion industry ?
I thought a generation was 20 years. I'd say this is the worst legislation in my lifetime. And I'm old.
Disingenuous comment senator puppet lady.  Please explain why, because abortions and birth control aren't free and mandatory?
Have been calling. Is anybody who can  change the course of this awfulness going to be able make a difference with the current @SenateGOP?
A #ProLife bill is in #womens interest.
U hypocrite & liar, tried to covered up for Schumer,U can not be trusted..Schumer calls flight attendant  'bitch'
Why didn't you SPEAK OUT against DNC/HRC/superdelegates collusion to steal democracy from voters  Oh, because you WERE a HRC superdelegate
What having to pay for your own abortion
Speak out to who? And how? McConnell and Citizens United have almost achieved locking us all out.
#WouldYouHaveCongressSupport #InvoluntaryServitude to
#ForceGirlsToLaborForTheBenefitOfYour #Healthcare
#InvoluntaryServitudeIsBanned
Sorry you are in la La land
Ditch the burden of Obamacare. Let the method of getting medical attention come from the free market. Competition and variety are king.
The bots are out in force tonight! Blocked!
Thank God my Senators are both strong women and they speak out for not just California women, but all women.
Thanks for all you do!
Did you really mean to compare planned parenthood supporters to the brave Americans who fought & died on the beaches of Normandy? I hope not
@Jaime_King #liberals
Where are your suggestions to fix the ACA?
Had u fixed Obamacare we would not have these problems. U have destroyed Medicaid, was never intended for able people who can work
You support #babymurder and the #gaschamber of the #PlannedParenthood #abortionmill #stopthegenocide now
You don't care about #WomensHealth you care about #abortion #DefundPP and redirect those funds to clinics that provide real #healthcare liar
Hi what about unborn female babies? Or do they not count??
It is  white collar @GOP sanctioned/legal terrorism. No need to carry a gun, become a @GOP senator u can terrorize millions #TheResistance

Stop #BCRA and #ImproveACA . Healthcare not #Wealthcare . Added bonus would be bipartisan legislation. 
I've been writing letters to my Senator but all the response I get are canned letters. I have little faith in his ability to listen and vote
How's that? B.O. is no longer President, and that shill, HITLARY, lost. Didn't U hear the news? P.S. Your tweets are useless against #MAGA
California is standing strong we need other states
Yeah, like Cuba.
I have and I feel like it's not making a difference
Don't get your hopes up. GOP has some of the most repulsive humans ever spawned & they can be bribed; damn the poor who suffer. #everytime
My god, get on a Greyhound Bus and go visit every Democrat controlled pisshole city in America if u want to c how millions suffer from Dems
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand for truly representing us, your constituents with integrity & for the higher good. You do us proud!
With no female senators on the committee that drafted it, should we have expected anything less that this piece of crap?
#ImpeachNOWreplaceLATER
When Obama said "vote" too many didn't. If people don't understand that they need to vote toget what they want then there's a problem. 2018.
unfortunately @SenGillibrand does represent all her constituents.
Let them doit! In 2018 they are crispy critters!!!
You are my Senator, so.....

Keep fighting to improve ACA and protect healthcare services  for women.
@DEALMEEIN2017 I want Madam President Clinton! He is illegitimate! SEND SEALS IN TAKE HIM OUT OF OFFICE TODAY PLEASE!!!!!!!!!
@SecretService PLEASE INVESTIGATE THIS PERSON. THEY WANT TO MURDER THE POTUS. @realDonaldTrump
@DEALMEEIN2017 AMERICA IS SPIRALING DOWN RUSSIA WANTS TO SUBVERT OUR COUNTRY WE THE PEOPLE RISE AND ROAR but need help!
We have been speaking out and still are
You are my rep, who else do I need to yell at?
New Yorkers know we can trust our Senators to vote NO.
Which is like peeing against the wind.  Dems have NO power.
So don't sit on your asses... put the resources into putting out the best bill possible for women's health. %53 of white women for trump.
Please do whatever is necessary to stop this bill!!!!
I agree Kirsten.  I've been tweeting my Congressman @RepAndyBiggsAZ .  He is obsessed with defunding PP and repealing Obamacare. He's wrong.
U don't give a shit about women's health or u would have spoken out yrs ago about ur parties theft of ur constituents Delphi healthcare
It's time to work together. Bipartisanship is required


Open up and say ahh butch
Shut up please
Good deal you'll love it
I am your play people like they are fools- truth is your the fool
Love the word careening, scarwy, they can't even move or attend to the People's business.....they are too partisan and greedy..545 controlu
You need to shut down all these legislative actions of these traitors.
Of these traitors?  My goodness, you need to get out of the one square block neighborhood that you live in, and meet other Americans
U r a woman, as am I. I pay for my own health thank you. I do not want the govt in my bedroom.  Contraception pills are very inexpensive.
Any bill that removes funding for PP is a GREAT bill.
Stop saying that killing children is a valid alternative to using contraceptives.its not about women's health, you don't have to be pregnant
Anyone know where @SenToomey is?
Shame on you senator!
We won't let it happen.  The people will march to D.C. & protest
This bill is a danger to everyone. That it hurts women specifically is a big bonus. I'm really enjoying Republican control. Are you?
We are trying desperately to be heard (& grateful for your work). But those of us w/o $ or influence feel helpless.
We are! Are they listening? What kind of democracy is this?
