BREAKING: Trump administration considers mobilizing as many as 100,000 National Guard troops to round up unauthorized immigrants.
To use a military force to break up families is unconscionable.
BREAKING: Trump administration considers mobilizing as many as 100,000 National Guard troops to round up unauthorized immigrants.
this @AP story has been debunked, no mention of #'s in paper for example, not sure where AP got those
It isn't true but was published because WH and press office failed to respond to AP request for confirmation.
Or was it published because AP didn't bother to wait for a response?
I work on the other side of the media and know there are rules. AP followed. WH didn't. Unfair.
So the rules are: call office to confirm, don't get immediate response, run with story anyway, story discredited...
Yes. Literally. Reporter job is news cover. Why didn't WH deny? Ulterior motive?
Paranoid or just defending the media's rush to break? How about reality: thousands of requests, limited staff?
I can't buy that. It's the AP. It's a shocking story I wouldn't want told if I was WH. Believe what you want.
That is a False News Story! Do NOT Spread FalseHoods call Trump and ask if you are not sure. IRRESPONSIBLE!!
He's not doing this. Never was. Google it.
And illegal, too, I believe.
Again fake news
#insane #unethical #unamerican
The only 100,000 mobilized at border are ILLEGALS coming across to see what the Democrats will give them. They have booklets
what's wrong with making immigrants enter the country legally? Going through the process laid out to become a US citizen
@graceatwood False story
FAKE NEWS HEADLINES
Reminiscent of the SS Gestapo. Be afraid! Be very afraid!
@AP 
You ate entering Pelosi ' s twilight zone of 
Relying on false news reports. Shameful for a Senator
@AP  FAKE REPORT! 
Do your research!  New York needs a new Senator not 9ne who doesn't  check out  false reports.
the Storm Troopers are coming!!!
I say we just put them in brown coats and have them hand out bands while they are at it! It needs to stop. We need more of u!
Not our values?? You took an oath to defend the constitution; try reading it. Get the guards, round up the criminals, DEPORT!
I vote in NY.  You are a divider and spread fake news.
How very Nazi of him.
And downright scary as well!
We are not Nazi Germany but we are sure starting to act like it.
opening up some room in my attic
@_juliannemoore More fake news from press out to sabotage Trump administration. (Yawn, sigh..)
@_juliannemoore Sounds like the #45 ( #Bannon ) wants to use N.G. as SS was used back in time?
sheeeit I say do it
shocked really?you and your colleagues are not taking this fascist seriously. First they came for gypsies,then priest then me
do not be fooled by this smokescreen. What about Russia?!!!
And they never dreamed they had signed up for a Gestapo.  This must be stopped.
I don't think we can last another month with this nut in office. There will be a grass roots revolution.
It's disgusting. What can be done about it?
@sdicato lies
despicable YES! Surprised by this,administration NO. When will Republicans stand up to Trump?
how can this get any worse - every day it's some new affront to our way of life.
can he do that without Governor of state approval?
@AP ...grab them by the posse comitatus?
nice try Schumer lapdog. #fakenews
what action can we take?
@AP oppose! There should be no congressional movement til Russia/Trump investigation. Halt the congress.
Fake news, congrats on your brain power.
must be OPPOSED!
every time we refer to "Trump admin" instead of "republican admin" it puts distance between him and his party.
We should refer to his admin as the republican administration- the GOP owns this.
that would turn the Country into a military state. You need to keep fighting this insanity for us.
Knock this crap off! Fear-mongering, hyperbole, straight up LYING. What the hell is wrong with you people?!?!
This looks like Fake News
Feels like Nazi Germany now.
it is suspected that this was intentionally leaked by Bannon insiders to delegitimize the media
VERY FAKE NEWS 
what are you and the Democrats going to do about this?
show what a nutter he is..
Plus, illegal.
@AP fight it.fight it.
No, willingness to flout the law is appalling. Read USC 8; Chapt 12; Subch II; Pt VIII; Sect 1324 and then march to prison.
Sweetie, please fact check prior to believing the Fake News Media.
I'm sorry to say that your tweet sounds naive. This is exactly what Trump said he would do.
You're kind of gullible.
A tweet containing the word "considers" puts you in a tizzy? WH says "false." Overreact much? #NYidiot
Please ensure that when you have to retract this as #FakeNews you're equally vociferous, .@SenGillibrand
You're an embarrassment.
Thank you for fighting for  us!
you are being duped by fake news stories.
YES!! It's about time get them out of here. I'm sick of my tax money getting wasted. Put it to good use Get them OUT! 
Thankfully, it appears this story is false. Sadly, it seems like WH wanted it out so they could deny and discredit press.
@womensmarch @WomensMarchNYC women will need to mobilize our millions to oppose them
Trump/GOP values = nazi values
"Nazi Values".
it is irresponsible for a US Senator to comment in this way I'm curious if the term illegal is in the liberal dictionary
liberals have the same dictionary as the next guy.  They just know more of the words.
, so American value is for illegal activities? Senator!
thank you for speaking out and taking a stand!
trolling
I know it's within Executive power to call up Natl Guard. At what point is it unconstitutional?
#smokescreen #Russia
You just fell for more FAKE NEWS.
You have values? I'm one of your constituents and I've never seen them!
@KathrynECramer Definitely Un-American
This is Bannon and Miller kindling the embers for the new Reichstag Fire.
From the AP you know. Have you spoke to president?  If not & this fake news, all that egg on face & lotsa stupid to wipe off!
The fact that anyone would believe the story is worse
I know, right?  Such a transparent attempt to make us stop talking about #Russia.
would Senate have to approve this insanity (by 51 or 60)?
this is awful.keep speaking out and fighting for America
@lizditz call your Governor! 45 doesn't have the power over State NG,only over Washington DC NG! Governors control NG!
I don't get it from practical viewpoint. How wld it be done & who wants them turned in? Not the employers that employ them.
Thank you for your commitment to protecting and defending both American citizens and those who long to be.
Why are you doing this?
this has president Bannon written all over it.  True until they get caught them it's fake news.  Media catch up to trump M.O.
Oops -  it's not true 
do you think they're trying to alarm people so that when they do something like this in the near future people are worn down
They are denying this.
optics will be horrible if this were to happen
unbelievable but I shouldn't be surprised
tell us what we can do to stop prevent hinder get in the way slowdown this from happening. help us help!!
@AP Exactly!
.@SenGillibrand grab a hold of yourself - free thinking still allowed
Agree 100%. But we shld recognize he's considering this solely because it will please his base. He's in perm. campaign mode.
another red flag. And u all are sitting there watching fascism roll in. It always starts with blaming the minorities.
and the media # press my hero @ Lawrence msnbc thank you Lawrence!!! We all here
it's also a Fantastic Distraction from #RussiaGate
But so butt hurt trump...
please work to get him impeached ASAP
He is despicable. Out of control. Unhinged. Can we start the impeachment proceedings NOW? God help us all.
.@sengillibrand Thank you, Sen Gillibrand. Trump must be impeached.
Always hated that term...'round up' are we treating humans like we're in a rodeo now?
@AP Thank you, Senator! We know that you'll fight!
Thank you!!
STOP. CONGRESS. until Russia in investigated and sorted out ...
end it and work only on this
