it's called DEBT Kristi, $19+Trillion thx to former Pres Zero BHO it doubled. Socialist Gravy socialist is over. God Bless DT
But USA can't file for Chap.11 to take advantage of IRS tax advantages
You are responsible for thousands of deaths from your defense of Phillip Morris so don't u datr point your finger
The Democrats have for decades & your exchange w/ the General made u look crazy.
hey Gilli, why don't you just #WriteaCheck. We aren't a socialist country, not governments job, you're a millionaire. Donate.
RECALL @SenGillibrand  you're a joke .
Kids  of people who came illegal into this country are  short changing our American kids. and so will all kids of refugees
It's not what the federal government should be doing. Fed is an inefficient provider of services. S/B done by states.
.Barry Soetoro never ran a thing except anarchist protests,the fed gov is so corrupt..Just provide 4 defense
why do we need to increase our war budget it's already out of control
maybe is people like you had not spent all our money on social probrams we wouldn't be faced with so many cuts.
Senator, do you think this budget can be stopped?
Don't forget EPA cuts & increased toxin that factories can dump in our rivers.Flint Michigan all over again but nationwide.
Flint Michigan was BECAUSE of government bureaucrats
It's only going to get worse. Since taking office-amt of toxins  allowed released into rivers increased.
Its up to you & me and everyone else that cares. The EPA gets millions but things never get better.
Where's your proof?? Name your sources, You can't cause there is NO proof to verify these claims!
and Trump was president then?? She's blaming Trump for this.
@SenGillibrand the Dem. AutoBailOut plan shortchanged our seniors, their families & communities. Stole 21k Delphi pensions. =$151M/yr to WNY
pls do not repeal ACA.  improve it
This is not good. This will not help our poverty issues on a macro level #SUSocialWork #Helpthekids
yes! How can it be stopped?
Since when has it been the US Government's job as defined in the Constitution to do all this?  This is NOT the job of the US Government!
The Dems put our children in serious danger with your bathroom bills. How dare U PRETEND to care about children?SICK PROG DEM
@varda_friedman when Trump cut funding to stuff then those jobs that depend on that money go away how's that saving jobs?
PELL GRANTS OBAMA HAS BEEN THROWING BILLIONS AT PELL GRANTS MONEY THAT WILL BE WASTED JUST WATCH JUDGE JUDY
No obongo did
when did it become the governments responsibility to take care of everyone?
As horrifying as it is to consider - would you take a stab at POTUS 2020?
Least impressive senator and an embarrassment
Your clueless. It's time to end this Libtard madness. Grow up
nope. You shortchange your constituents daily.
Instead of posting a problem try posting a solution.
You're a liar.
Kirsten will not address welfare fraud. Parents selling their food stamps,buying booze,weed,tobacco. You are a fraud Kirsten.
The budget @@POTUS @realDonaldTrump presented is the best budget in 17 years. I want you & @SenSchumer to support it.
They would rather bash Trump than help us middle class out.  Actually sad
Abortion short changes our children.
He also doesn't care that 20 million people will starve to death in 4 other countries. That should do wonders for diplomacy.
well how else do you expect him and his friends to make $$$ #ImpeachTrump #PutHimInPrison #InvestigateTrump
Why is it always an extreme? Taxcuts will help me pay for my kids to go to college instead of them going into debt.
They are demons , going after all our most vulnerable
haha.....
- please Senator, tell us where you would like to cut so we can reduce the budget deficit and the debt so we have a future
vote no on Gorsuch. Filibuster
please vote no
Trump so called budget shortchanges everyone but the rich who will get the biggest tax cut ever while everyone else suffers
but I thought the Trump admin was pro-life. This budget looks more like pro-death.
You are clueless
Time will tell exactly who is clueless...
it shortchanges America
vote no
A disgrace..
you're lying again Gillibrand.
Donald has created income for many folks as a private citizen/ Pres elect and continues to save jobs.
Oh and the pell grant system corruption at its worse
all of you politicians are frauds
To ur Bullets 1st plant a garden 2nd hold some car washes 3 least the refugee wont get it either like the Ohio savage did
how many decades has our govt WASTED the people's $? Now you complain?!
Thank you....my thoughts exactly
one trillion dollars is the same as saying one million every day for three thousand years . Where's the $
.@SenGillibrand discrepancies in access to education across the U.S. are what led us here to the Trump presidency
AMEN IF DEMOCRATS HAD DONE THEIR JOBS BY THE AMERICAN PEOPLE THINGS WOULD NOW BE DIFFERENT BUT LIBERALS CARE ABOUT US?
respond to the waste in our debt which should have gone to pay for education indefinitely
C'mon, who needs a healthy, educated, stable work force with access to clean air and water anyway? That's crazy talk.
WIC does such a wonderful job ensuring that babies and children have access to appropriate foods. This breaks my heart.
Kirsten he doesn't care! His family is all taken care of, he's got no worries! #letthemeatcake
If only one of the German reporters questioned Trump about the budget!
