Time to shut down Senate BAU.
⇒GOP Senators now MUST VoteNO⇒#FinancialChoiceAct 
ALL Congress contacts, Zip codes & TEXT
info⇒https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kG1fOx2GrYfdki5GDSKu3U9N-dDnUW0-Wz20Kwkdom4/copy?usp=sharing …

Save #DoddFrank
I can't imagine why a millionaire president would want to get rid of dodd Frank?
Repugnantcons  Corrupt, complicit, crooked. Underhanded, unethical, unfaithful, unprincipled, unscrupulous, untrustworthy.
#UGH #Impeach45
Such a juvenile response to a very complicated issue. You should use your favorite word "fuck" to add emphasis and outrage to your tweet!
Uhh that's not really true. I wonder if hell would freeze over if Democrats actually told the truth.
Is anybody surprised?  Make America collapse economically again.  It is very good business for a few...
They're taking us all the way back to the robber baron days
The House @GOP is a reckless and foolish group! I hope their constituents have had enough of their voodoo economics @SenGillibrand!
Wasn't it Bill Clinton who forced sub prime loans on the banking industry?
All about money in their pockets not the people that voted for them
They want the money from the people that voted for them... that's it...
Well, at least they can do something without using an F-bomb like a gangbanger.
Why does Paul Ryan always have the look of shame like a high school bully who got caught by his dad?
What is wrong with these nuts!  The greed is breathtaking. The lobbying efforts must be astounding. Banksters!!
Fuck no. Tell them @SenGillibrand
Time to start selling my retirement holdings in the stock market and finding FDIC  safe accounts. Stop spending, start cutting coupons again
We see the truth and we are watching!
Who in there right mind would go on record to defend Trumps honesty? Oh that's right a Huckabee
Senator speak up for open debate.The citizens of the USA are being held hostage by a contemptible congress.
The collapse happened because idiots over spent on things they couldn't afford and they blamed Bush. Typical liberal response blame others
It was the Dems that caused the market crash.  Way to rewrite history
What's wrong with a little economic collapse amongst friends?
Than come up with a better plan. Either be part of the solution or keep your mouth shut Senator!
No those rules were the repeal of GS and de reg of derivatives both things Dodd Frank did not address thus banks r still selling bad paper
This is insane. The Repubs are setting us ip for another financial crisis. It's like they are instuting a Madof scheme on a grand scale.
Aaaaaarrrrrrgh. Thank you for being a voice of sanity on the hill. The others never learn from past mistakes.
I know.  And I will remember.  Its worse than no regs.  Its requiring higher bank reserves.  This reduces loans.  how is that good?
Yeah we know. So r they bringing back Glass-Steagall. No solutions again? Bereft of Am ingenuity? Weak
.#Gillibrand2020 !!!!! #WakeUpDemocrats
What's the matter, can't handle it, La EFF GAL
@USSupremeCourt @realDonaldTrump the puppet of Putin is going down and taking Dow the house with him @CNN @FoxNews
VOTE POTTY MOUTH GILLIBRAND OUT SHE DOESN'T REPRESENT NEW YORK VALUES
Senator Kirsten Gillibrand as a father you need a good crack on the ass for using such languadge dad must be proud but where not as American
I guess I'll keep my savings in my mattress. That's assuming I have any
Reinstated proprietary trading (gambling) and weakened / eliminated stress testing. What could possibly go wrong? #2008Repeat
Let's repeat history, so a Democrat has to fix it
Just painful to watch people lose their homes, savings & retirement with the added loss of healthcare. Millions punished to benefit a few.
Republicans re-open the casino for bankers to roll the dice with our money-- how long before the are looking for BAILOUT 2.0!?
The banks pay them unlimited amounts of money for that
Which D's are saying yes to this? Need them to go next election cycle as well.
That's because them and their friends got richer last time.
All you Dem followers are so hate filled, no passion for what would help the country.  Your fault?
We are doomed.
I vote in NY.  Will you take back your words when they prove false?  Sounds like you are negative no matter what.
Just wait & see how far back @GOP takes us in healthcare. Like a time machine that only goes backward to the worst times.
BS.
Filling their pockets.
Thank you Kristen!   Dodd Frank is  a Protection !! Keep up the fight !!
Expect a recession during this administration, this is how it all got started during Bush years Wall St went wild while no 1 was watching
This whole GOP vs Dem, us vs them thing is what's bringing us down. Adjustments to law may be needed but wholesale rejection is dangerous.
@GOP is as sick & bent on destroying our country as their Grand Wizard Trump is.
One at a time the disastrous obama presidency is being UNDONE!!!
not quite. most of DF is just paperwork, and not rules to prevent another crisis
#Trumprussia provides useful cover/distraction from @SpeakerRyan & @HouseGOP agenda of opening up the coffers for their donors to plunder.
Republicans make the messes, democrats clean them up. People who are greedy people and/or poorly educated keep voting red. Break the cycle.
It has happened in EVERY administration yet there beckers don't see this
If GOP had their way they'd bring back Osama bin Laden from the dead just to take away another Obama success.
Don't you mean those F'ing reckless rules
Dodd frank was no good for the people let's be honest
Let's hope this is the end of the GOP
please run for president. thank-you.for now, fight like hell and people will support you, Ms Gillibrand.
The @HouseGOP find new ways to screw the average American on a weekly basis. It would be impressive if it wasn't so despicable.
these are the most evil people in govt along with the #GOP in the senate. Hateful hateful hateful. Esp. since they have health care for life
I work for a large bank. This was mentioned during a town hall and they were ecstatic. I felt sick to my stomach.
So why are you working for a large bank if you are sickened?  Do you have any insight as to why they were cheering?  Did you ask anyone?
Obama saved the entire f'ing world from financial collapse brought on by no oversight! This is More 1% policy #voteblue #impeachdon
And when I tell a Trump supporter that they act like we are still in 2008. #GetAClue
Clinton repeal GS, Deregulated Derivatives. Obama fought all legislation attempting to regulate fannie mae from 2003-2007.
Remember when HRC was in the pocket of Goldman Sachs? Yeah, good times.
You mean like those Wall Street people trump put in his cabinet?
Invest in mason jars. Time to bury your money on the back yard.
GOP = Gang of Opaque Pillagers
the gop are instituting complete policy terrorism under the tutelage of this orange autocrat, we need to #resist these creeps at every turn
