So stop doing it!
U, Sen.Gillibrand, r trying to score political points with this statement.What Pres.Trump is doing is politically risky,but the right thing.
Its wrong not to address the toxic air problem with Indoor wood boilers. Children are harmed! On your watch!
Not to score political points. The POTUS is taking on something that useless politicians from both parties refused to deal with.
why didn't congress make it a law? #DACA was stop gap 2 give time 2 fix things. Never happened like repeal & replace. You had your chance.
It's simply wrong to spend $125 billion a year of the people's money perpetrating a crime. MAKE MEXICO GREAT AGAIN! GO HOME!!
Yea, I guess just like protecting muslim refugees right? Hypocrite, liberal
Trust me he is NOT scoring any political points.  He's going DOWN 
#MAGA2020
American kids first. Send illegals home.
If you goons read Twitter you might get a spark of a conscience about your deceit, use of illegal aliens for votes & power. #Americafirst!
POTUS is giving Congress a chance to fix this problem. Are you going to work for a solution or continue to be a chronic complainer?
I'm a hardworking young adult. Why do you target me with high tolls & taxes to pay for benefits for others that I don't receive myself?
#PutinBot =>       Tyler Skye @tylersky16
Glad you're not falling for "false choice" of #DefendDACA or fighting for Jobs and Wages for #Labor Day. Now about M&As that kill jobs ...
... now about H-1B abuses that force educated, qualified, experienced US workers to train less-qualified foreigners to take their jobs!
Shameful and unconstitutional - fight back!
Thank you for standing up for our Dreamers
Why do you keep doing it. I wish you would show one in a while you were for America vs all the nonsense you keep spouting.
it's not targeting hardworking youth, it's targeting non working criminal youth,
It's also financially stupid.
I can't even imagine.  How many points?  On the price is right 1 point = ?.  No show should last for more than 20 years. Message 5429 Sin
Thanks My Sen Gillibrand. Proud of u for always doing the right thing.
So you'll start helping flyover states instead of calling them all racists?
Is it wrong to stand by fellow Americans too? No instead better to stand by the rich and screw the poor
DACA is yet another diversion...
Pass a law.
Misplaced outrage. President signs law, not makes it. How come supposed compassionate Dems are mad now that they're forced to act???
Too bad you're not in a position to have codified daca. Oh, wait.
Every week it's "what vulnerable group can we throw under the bus now" I'm sick of having to constantly debate the humanity of my peers

Hard working? Yeah, hard working killing Americans. http://www.fairus.org/issue/examples-of-serious-crimes-by-illegal-aliens …
Do your job pass legislation.  I know a new concept for you.
Then stop pretending to be the voice of illegal immigrants!
Th @SenGillibrand for all you work hard to do for LGBTQ & DACA! I'm a South Carolinian, but have been watching you! Thank you.
@indivisibleATX The worse type of human slavery. Using people to make a political gain.
What political points are being scored here? This is racist. This is wrong. This is unamerican. This is slander. And I will not stand for it
Get to work.
Correct!Did you direct that astute comment to Pres Obama as a member of the majority in Congress in 2008-2010?Why didn't majority pass law?
MMGA
What will you do? Besides tweet.
It's simply wrong to bypass constitutionality, which is exactly what allowed for this in the first place.
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT? Ty a constituent
His only agenda is to undo whatever BO did. Total lack of vision and intelligence.
Illegal Aliens  Get it right!
You mean bought and paid for illegal Democrat voters..
Idiot. What's the grounds for that? He beat Hillary ?
It's wrong for the Congress and Senate to not do their jobs. If you don't like it fix the law. Then  you wouldn't have the issue would you?
@SenGillibrand Time is running out for the Dreamers! Get to work and make legislation! Something you should've done with Obama !
#cancelDACA
DHS's official order on DACA
F*ck @DHSgov #saveDACA (sorry Sen Gillibrand for my language it's only word that fits @ this moment) Sen Gillibrand is my Sen she will help
Daca is unconstitutional.
Internet tough guy
Instead of whining why don't you do something about it. This is why you keep losing, you stand for nothing
@jeffsessions says, "The compassionate thing to do is to end lawlessness."             This is a peversion of the meaning of compassion.
Do toi have compassion fir a drug dealer? Someome speeding in a car? Why is this lawbreaking action one of compassion? 
Liberal=illogical!
Both Sessions and Trump may not be free in six months. Both may be in jail.
Which is exactly what you're doing by advocating for them.
No one is doing that. You are a liar by omission.
Senator, you must do something to stop this madness
So are you gonna stop pimping these illegal immigrants for votes then?
Hahahah, 800,000 Democrat voters are getting deported. #GoodStart
Do your job...fix the laws!
