give me a break - not remembering incidental contacts that may not have been noticed or remembered -
I think this statement is a bit overboard. This is no where near dictatorship level politics, it does deserve further investigating though.
Sarah Ur a troll so.......
Yeah 13 followers
It doesn't. They are what they claim others are, and try to delegitimize opinions just because they disagree. Don't worry about them.
That actually makes a lot of sense, thank you. I will remember this. So much for them being the tolerant left, sheesh.
Radical leftist have no idea of the process. No wonder you praise Sen. Gillibrand. She is about as idiotic as Sen. Booker. Dem party is dead
High noon your ideas are as dead as Gary Grant
Your radical progressivism has destroyed this country over the past 8 years.  Why don't you take your ass to France.
Trump and all his cronies are untrustworthy. They all need to go. Flush them all.
1/2 Director Clapper lied under oath to congress & you said NOTHING, ZERO, but you went all maniac on Roger Goodell, commissioner of the NFL
2/2 Someone whose priorities are as skewed as yours doesn't deserve an ear, Senator
Good job, @SenGillibrand .We need more with that special talent for ferreting things out.I like a girl who can pull rabbits out of her hats.
@LizKrueger @SeawrightForNY @benkallos 
Time for #Sessions to resign
How is this not obstruction of justice?
Sessions lied about being recused too. #trumpRussia WH fascist klan all lie.
did ppl really think this klown klan & #Yertle DT could be trusted, c'mon really, sometimes it only takes a look 2 see the real soul of ppl
Yes so chilling. What is most chilling is how hrc sold access for yrs and u guys did nthng then thought shed win the POTUS like it was owed.
Will anyone in Congress do anything about this? Who is fighting to protect Americans from this lunatic? From this corrupt administration?
I hope to God that all the Dems are planning to do something. Or they'll be gone be4 long. Check 4 bugs in ur offices. I'm serious.
This is all so surreal. Trump will stop at nothing to stop invests. He knows that GOP will do nothing.
With all due respect you Dems were furious with him concerning HRC now you sound like a hypocrite. This is exactly why country is in decline
Not when he became the Top Investigator of the President.  Obstruction of Justice
DO SOMETHING!!!!
Senate Dems really can't. *Hamilton voice* they dont have the votes, they don't have the votes
They can bang on their peer's doors and rattle cages. Hold pressers and town halls. There's work to do to move this along.
I thought all you lefties wanted him fired over costing Hillary the election?  so which is it?
We can be critical of his handling of the emails and critical of the Trump firing. Trump trying to confuse the issue. We see clearly.
Take care of New Yorkers like you said you would. That would be nice
Thank you. Do your job.
I say we get every attorney in the US 2 ask 4 Sessions 2be disbarred. If disbarred, he can't be A.G.& we may need 2 do it again w/ 45's next
If we don't stop Trump he will replace anyone who opposes him. He's  tyrant.
This entire Presidentcy-from pre-election to the present- chills me profoundly.
Exactly. Why was there little blowback about lying to the Judiciary Committee?  BTW what about his non-recusal recusal?
Sessions is a bumbling nimrod who should have been denied appointment based on his lies to congress.
Chilling is this victim's letter to the FBI director- why don't u help stop epidemic of child porn/trafficking/abuse
This crisis is constitutional, ethical, moral, psychiatric, judicial, democratic, social and societal. The time is here 2 @Impeach_D_Trump
We can now add to the crises mentioned above, one of credibility. Trust me, I'm from the government & I'm here to help you @Impeach_D_Trump
Clinton fired FBI director after 6 months in 93. Stop the hysterics. People living in an alternate reality. Amusing at first. Now just sad.
Big difference is the Trump admin is currently under investigation for possible treason.
he needs to be removed from office for perjuring himself during confirmation hearings.
@humanity1st2017 you're my senator & I appreciate your work here so please keep going after each of these asshats
So what's the next move for you, and for us? Lead the way, and we'll get all the way on board.
The stupid leading the stupid
The irony of this statement.
When will Hillary be tried for treason? Rice too and Obama deported for being a Muslim sympathizer like you! Worry about that!
We will support those in the senate who will bring Trump to accountability for his dirty tricks. We will fight those who don't.
I'm hoping someone in cntcom is keeping an eye on Russian military. Constitutional crisis makes us primed for invasion!
Yes. So what are you and the rest of Congress going to do about it?
It is sad what the Dems are doing to their constituents. Literally stirring up fake hysteria. This will only come back to bite them. Sad!
Grand Wizard Jeff Sessionsof KKK is at it again 
You are one of the true warriors @SenGillibrand. Many Americans are very frightened right now. Every day it gets worse.
Ok which is it now. Trump or Sessions? Pick a friggin story already
IMPEACH THEM lol
Spot on.  Keep up the good work exposing the constant lying coming out of the WH.
Senator, why is AG Sessions not under indictment for perjury during his confirmation testimony?
Bingo.
Oh, just stop....
Lied. Lied? Did she say lied? She did. She did! She said he lied. Because HE LIED. SESSIONS. L. I. E. D. #RACIST #TREASON #HELLBOUND
My cat pooped and missed the litter box
Feed the sheep...a VERY Colbert audience you have...they know not what they do.
Yes! But getting this message through the noise requires even more outrage.
Sessions is an old school Southern authoritarian.  Rules only apply to the ruled
This is corruption in the truest form! It's so obvious! Democracy is at stake! Must have independent investigation. #trump is covering up
Could you please wake up @tedcruz and @JohnCornyn theyre sleeping while the republic falls
@cjwerleman He needs to resign.
Nixonian
You guys r only ones who can legitimately end this. Time not our friend.
#backinthesaddleagain
Yes. But not unexpected. POTUS is showing signs of delusional paranoia. Plus he's McConnell's bitch. MM is a raving fundi extremist! *shrug*
Trump has the biggest Board of Directors in the world and he needs to be removed from office.
And even more chilling is the lack of concern from the other party. What sick shit is going down in America right now?
get him kirsten!!! 
Question:  Is Sessions' failure to comply with his recusal actionable?
STOP.  Political madess
Obstructionist!
And then immediately meeting with Kislyak.  0.0
We could only wish, remember he's 1 of the good old boys
One more Time

M A R C H   O N   D C
S E T U P    C A M P
H O L D   Y O U R   G R O U N D

Another liberal hack senator who thinks she's presidential material. She's a complete joke with no credentials. Poster child for #TermLimits
Really? Typical liberal bullshit and you spread it well.
Geez Kirsten. Get a grip. U R totally fabricating stuff. Want (another) Xanax?
The only ones lying about anything are demo-rats like you and Chuckie!
SO DID YOUR MENTOR HILLARY LIAR CLINTON THAT'S WHY WE NEED TO VOTE YOU OUT MAKE NEW YORK GREAT AGAIN
Thank you for saying something!
And what, Senator, are you going to do about it?
YOU ARE SO SAD VOTE GILLIBRAND OUT SAVE NEW YORK SHE IS NOTHING BUT AN OBSTRUCTIONIST
Ignore the haters Senator
Appreciate your hard work 
So what is Congress going to DO???
Sessions said he would recuse himself from anything involving Russia. I'm pretty sure choosing the next FBI director highly involves that.
Thanks Senator Gillabrand
Keep the squeeze on those rascals
America is now being run like the governments in third world nations. Is this what so many died to protect for over 200 years?
We need an independent investigation NOW
Liberal liars - no surprise here
By the way, he is not just Kislyak for you, Kirsten.
Isnt lying under oath crime?
What's wrong about meeting with the Ambassador, Senator?
Quit the bait and switch crap-there was nothing misleading about his answer based on the question and the context of the question.
Also lied about recusing himself from both H's and #TrumpRussia.
this administration is not operating illegally with Russia and in violation of sanctions!!Please Do Something! #Traitors
He must go too if he knows whats good for him .
Is #Sessions action illegal or could be charged with obstruction maybe? I guess I'm wondering could we go after him & get him out?
And what exactly are you doing about it other than just tweeting? A New Yorker asking!
Good point.  
bull
Sessions lied under oath, Flynn lied under oath, no one in the whole cabal finished the conflict of interest documents.Power & money corrupt
Trump is meeting with him right now .. .. he is meeting with both Russians right now ..
2 photos of Trump in the Oval Office with Russian FM Lavrov and Ambassador Kislyak. They're from the Russians. Nothing from White House yet. 
@JrHollis60 @SenGillibrand @BraddJaffy they're measuring for putins new drapes
Wow, at least one Senator who knows what's going on.  Thank you!
We need an Independent prosecutor
Lying under oath, recusal, now circumventing the recusal, a lie is a lie, a crime is a crime, stop making excuses for illegal behavior.
How about getting rid of Jeff Sessions for LYING under oath? What's it going to take? Democrats taking the HOUSE & SENATE?
And chilling are the answers coming out of the VP's mouth concerning the firing.  Sickening. Damage control mode .
Power play from totalitarian leader wanna be
Admin has no shame & little regard for the law & zero ethics. Sessions should be removed. Guess new FBI director will be bought & paid for
Exactly.
You are spot on Kislvak
Stop all Senate business until Independent Counsel is named. Business as usual is NOT an option.
@realDonaldTrump #liarinchief #lyingadministration #NIXONTRUMPGATE #independentinvestigator #independentProsecutor
We need the truth special prosecutor
Is there any truth to the rumor about you taking bribes?
Why is Trump and his goons allowed to get away with this???  Don't just Tweet about it, DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!  Before it's too late.
Thank you for standing against treason.
he's a snake in the grass.  Watch him closely
That sleeze, Sessions.
WE should call for AG Sessions to be removed from Office. He lied to the Senate. HE should be gone!
What can be done!? Where is the special counsel?
And to think we impeached a President for lying under oath in a civil lawsuit. #Impeach45 #ImpeachTrump
.@SenGillibrand It is time that Sessions resign.  He lied in Confirmation & he lied when he said he would recuse himself by removing Comey

"Russia did it! I'm no criminal! I'M THE REAL PRESIDENT!
Ask adam goldman  who KNOWS Trump/Putin rigged the election!"
Perjury before & now obstruction of justice - when does rule of law get applied?  No rule of law = no democracy.  This is on Congress to fix
And Giuliani.
Research the facts before you speak
Senator, why is he still AG after lying under oath? I thought that was a crime...
We need an independent commission
is there no mechanism to hold him accountable for lying?
You do like @JamesComeyFBI or you don't like Comey? Two faced. #drainingtheswamp
Then, NO Senate business gets done until independent prosecutor is appointed. Our republic needs Senate Democrats to hold firm on this!!
Senator, when will you get an independent prosecutor to investigate Sessions & tRUMP crimes???
How long are you liberals going to blame the Russians? Get over it.
Love the Dems -huge hypocrites.
Time for platitudes is over. Action is the name of the day. Stand on #senate floor and demand an #trumprussia independentinvestigation now.
How is any of this LEGAL???? Where our lawyers at? Keep up the hard work and thank you, Senator.
Incredibly chilling.
TY, from a constituent.
WAKE UP your fellow Congress (and Senate).  Trump can't fire you guys, but assure them we can.
Right on KG!
Yeah, you're feeling hell freezing over - chilling is an understatement
Yes it is Senator.The entire Trump show is disturbing, & it scares me.His very unusual & telling moves might get him a Special Prosecutor.
He did not lie. Watch the hearing and listen to the line of questioning. Enough with political games we need to work together. For all
So Democrats admire Comey now?!?!?
ar Congress: We implore you to exercise your right to appoint Special Counsel. - The American People #SpecialCounsel #Russia
Dems & Comey 

We hate him
We love him
We hate him
We love him
We hate him
We love him
We hate him

What day is it? Wed? Ok

We love him
Beatle Bob's Lost Gems: "Just Call And I'll Be There" - François Hardy https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10154279032346076.1073742556.591026075&type=1&l=8258af0bd7 …
Right, because it just goes away.....
Why is Sessions still in that job after perjuring himself? WHY????
I feel like I'm watching Gone with the Wind every time I hear him speak! #iwishitwasjustamovie
@ericgarland No
Impeachment needs to start now before more damage is done.
Chilling - yes.
Do something about it - get the impeachment going. What do we have to wait for?
Chilling is exactly what I was thinking.
This country has become a daily soap opera. Its become a sicknes.
That's an interesting fiction you have going on in your head.
Please act, we need an independent investigation, now
Oh, @JohnCornyn thinks its fun and not at all suspicious. Even when his fellow R's are coming out of the woodwork to state it is an issue.
Completely false just look at what Sessions said to the question that was asked. He NEVER met with Russia regarding Trump.
Sessions can lie to Congress and retain his job but Comey, months after event, loses his?  Come on -- this stinks from the head.
what would an independent prosecutor investigate? Dem talking points?
#TheResistance #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #GOPRussiaCollusion #SpecialProsecutorNow
AG violated his recusal.  Also violated by getting involved/spinning Assange matter. AG can be impeached. #TrumpRussia @SenateDems
Thank you Senator Gillibrand.
Scream at your Republican colleagues to our country over party.
How can a recused AG fire FBI Director 
Lock them up!!!!
Sessions needs to be fired
somebody has to explain the definition of recuse to sessions.
They're trying to fire their way out of this mess. Hope it doesn't work.
SenGillibrand, We need your leadership now.
Please save our country #TrumpRussia
We need an independent investigation! Sen. you must insist on this on behalf of your constituents like me. #IndependentInvestigation
Senator, we need a special independent investigation.  Posthaste.  Thanks
And you lied about being pro gun rights to jump start your political career in an upstate NY district. Liberals will say anything for power
The Trump administration thinks they are clipping off all of the loose ends. Like cutting a snag in a sweater, this will all unravel!!
So let's build a fire to keep us all warm.
don't let them get away with it, Senator.
Truly.
thank you
This admin is exhausting!  I'd nominate @SallyQYates or @PreetBharara to be the special prosecutor for the investigation into Russia ties.
Wait, Sessions didn't lie, he answered manufactured CNN "breaking news" Q by #Franken. You know that, people that pay attn also know that.
That meeting was set up by and made possible by the Obama administration. It was acceptable protocol.  Are all Libs devoid of due diligence?
Mrs.Kings letter to congress trying to warn against Sessions like a doctor's warnings against sleeping around! Eventually, U will get burned
Flynn was fired for lying. Smarmy sessions should have been fired too.
Yet another elected official who doesn't know or acknowledge context. Good listening skills are so rare these days.
@Rosie demand a private investigation by texting RESIST to 50409. It will place you in direct contact with your reps.
That is the talking point you're pimping? Go back to your puppet master Chuck Schumer and ask for a better one.
Please review @jeffsessions fake recusal.  How the hell does he get to sign off on anything related to the campaigns?
