This has gone way beyond #NoMuslimBanEver
Have you even read the bill there is no Muslim ban. These are the same countries that Obama labeled as dangerous.
Not a single person from those countries has ever committed an act of terrorism on US soil. And Obama didn't ban them, did he?
What the heck are you talking about
Thank you but I'll stay because it provides very good comic relief to watch snowflakes sit here and think they have a clue
WP captures view of Muslims before/after Trump. If not for the accident of birth,there but for the grace of God go I
Here's my story. Illegals crammed into apt bld. Water bill sky high. Rent up $125 at once. I am now homeless in NY state. 
No more Dems!
Who ever started resist created the hate,  fear and shooting of the republicans
We Vet Muslims as we shot each other in record numbers.
Islam is the non-violent religion of Submission.  Muslims want only Peaceful Assimilation with the Western Culture.
So tell me, when are you adopting your 1st big bunch of muslims, just wondering? Hugs and kisses
Thank God the ban is back and we have time now to improve our vetting. #MAGA
You go ahead and move to Europe and look out for trucks if you want to live that way not us
Well, no disrespect, but about a quarter of this country is toootally on board with the whole hate & fear thing. And NASCAR.
But being a country of common sense would ban countries whose number one export is terrorists also not a muslim ban
Love your work.  http://thereligionofpeace.com 
Proud that you are my Senator, proud each time I get to vote for you.  Keep fighting!!!!!
Really? I never heard you condemn the hateful rhetoric towards POTUS.
Yet you want a Mozlem raaape culture in the US.
What women did to Sweden is sad.
World War is coming
Islam is a 'religion' of war, 1400 yrs and counting.  It has a goal of a caliphate which you are enabling.  Want to live under Sharia?
How many "refugees" will you be taking into your home and neighborhood let me guess  ZERO! 
You're a Hypocrite.
Keep on telling lies.Go 2 bed w those ideas for whatever faulty reasoning but rest assured u will wither
U r a person not willing 2 look @ reality.U will wait until the last minute to say I'm sorry;I was mistaken
Obama was hate!  He hated Americans. What did you do about that?
"Muslim ban"
Only Dems hate.  That is who you are.  You have separated our country. We ALL used to be just Americans.
Unless they disagree with you.  Then you encourage violence such as shooting up Republican congress men as they play baseball.
Senator you're the perpetrator of hate and mistrust. This we need from our senator?
So sad you care more for illegals and terrorists than American citizens. To quote you "GO THE FUCK HOME "
YOU are the HATE #TakeDownResits  #takeDownAllDems #TakeOutGillibrand signed berni sanders supporter 
#D-DOA2LIST  #takeOutResistance
your party is the party of hatred.
You democrats live on identity politics, you have nothing else.  Hypocrites
You would never know that you refuse to be a country of hate after listening to your rhetoric against President Trump and republicans.
Waiting to see your vote on Kate's Law
Seems all the left does is promote hate and fear of the POTUS.
There is no ban. Try facts.
All you have to do to make your purported dream a reality is quit telling lies and hate stories. Pretty simple, huh?
So far a limp diffused response from Dems who appear only shrill and disorganized Reactive rather than creative
Stop the denial Senator, we do not wish for this culture to use our laws to initiate their sharia law... We are not haters !!!!
practice what u preach. Delphi constituents have been telling our story for 7+ yrs but u haven't listened. Disingenuous! Political BS....
Then stop fueling the fire.
#DemsResist & #LiberalTerrorism  media is a propaganda arm 4 the left wing. Disinformation #FakeNews in a coup attempt against #POTUS #MAGA
Senator, u promote fear with ur tweets & speeches. Ur language is course & laced with profanity. Is this to impress us that u can say fuck?
#WhoCanYouTrust to report #CongressHasOverspentItsIncome #InExcessOf19Trillion is #Wasting400BillionAYear in #DebtAbuseInterest @CSpanWJ
@SenGillibrand - The Supreme Court calls it Travel ban, you call it Muslim ban,WHY? Ruth Ginsburg agrees with POTUS but you disagree,WHY? 
Senator, you & your democratic colleagues should practice what you preach, you are the bearers of personal attacks & feign shock at defense

It's not hate... you think it's smart to bring in people we've been bombing and ruining lives for the past 15 years?
How about a few suggestions?
It would seem this is who we are. This is the true face of America, cowardly and cruel.
Sorry we do discriminate against terrorist!
But it IS who you are unless something is done about the Trump administration.
Lol to those who still think it's a Muslim ban, yet the list of countries on it came from the Obama Administration... Keep crying liberals!
Sorry. I don't believe that is true of 1/3 of this nation. We are sooooo screwed!
First Friend I had in College was from Iran. She was Intelligent, kind & compassionate. I wouldn't of made it through if not for her.
It's the government of Iran that's the problem, not the general populace.
Have you lived there? Do you know someone who does? And what is the problem with allowing someone to follow their dream to come to America?
There's no problem with Iranians wanting intimmigrate
I still believe #LoveTrumpsHate
Lady you are Hate. Just for certain groups you determine by gender or color.
Our potus obviously does NOT care what we, the people have to say.We're marching in the streets and he still doesn't care. Wow
Please run in 2020. It's time.
Glass houses Senator potty mouth.
The democrats are the ones spouting hate and fear.
Wow.   That was so phony.   Do you think all of your constituents are idiots?  Muslim ban?  Good luck next election.   #YitpoH
Wake up from your damm dream! Yes, Americans were heard on November 8th yet you obviously learned nothing. Stop the obstruction or resign.
We are a country of Hate and Fear and Democrats like you, Obama, Schumer, & Pelosi created it. Obama divided this country & put America last
The hate and violence comes from you progressives.
NO  Trump dictatorship. GOD'S  trying to restore the U.S.  back 2 greatness your
. ASSISTANCE is betterthan yourRESISTANCE SO Move WITH GOD.
This is why it was so important for @POTUS to have accepted @pmtrudeau's invitation to @wecomefromaway instead of sending @IvankaTrump.
How can we allow this man to continue in office? He's interested only in his own enrichment, not public benefit in any sense of its meaning.
"This man.. "
Senator, I'm sure you heard the all-girls robotic team from Afghanistan was banned from coming here. Ridiculous. Can you help? Thank you!
Good thing it is not a Muslim ban!
Stop your nonsense
Then GET OUT. IM SICK OF YOU POLITICIANS GETTING MORE POWERFUL AND THINKING YOURE KINGS AND ABOVE THE LAW
During the entire election the press taught people to hate/fear trump and then and you keep pushing for that
What's it going to take to get these vile people out. They've broken the law so many times it's hard to track. #Impeach45
It is NOT a muslim ban. Stop the dumb tweets.
Supreme Court UNANIMOUSLY believes the Constitution says otherwise.
What are you talking about . The Supreme Court ruled on this. You fuel the hate and fear.
What is your suggestion to secure our borders from terrorists? Please, tell us your proposal over the travel restrictions.
Only second to the fact that they sit and stomp their feet when they don't get their way and Trump makes them so mad
Perhaps the most beautiful thing in the world is watching a snowflake get all tied in a wad because their feelings got hurt
You strike me as a lightweight- not serious or particularly brilliant. More a follower and crowd pleaser. We have enough of those already.
Security and background checks are not bans.
trump literally called it a ban on multiple occasions.
Campaign rhetoric vs actual order. Until I hear no one from x place/religion is allowed in - I am not concerned.
Why does potty mouthed vulgar @SenGillibrand continue to lie? There is no #MuslimBan Muslims ar e allowed in from any country not in ban.
We are the land of the Free.  Let's keep it that way 
Thank you Senator Gillibrand!
Until the Republican Congress can be reined in by Americans, nothing is going to change.  They won't even call out Trumps' misogyny
I am severely worried about the future of our country with that man as potus.
Me too!  What he's done to our country is so sad.
these 6 mos have felt like years and sometimes i have a scary thought that he gets reelected in 2020.
I very much appreciate your leadership & I'm very glad that you are my Senator.
Leadership. Yea right. She is schmukys puppet
Love you attitude. Wish there were more like you in your line of work.
I wish you would consider running in 2020.
Keep fighting for us against the Trump dictatorship
And more of the music he inspires.
The only thing to fear is everything
Take your snowflake feelings find a hole and bury yourself in it
how about bury yourself and save us the trouble?
And you are five years old?
No Muslim ban. We also need to understand why we don't have any Blacks working in the Senate for the Democrats?
Yes! I agree!
Quit the rhetoric crap and speak the truth that's in the bill. These are the same countries that Obama labeled as dangerous
Yes. #MAGA
This Muslim ban is a low act of cowardice. Please run in 2020, @SenGillibrand, we need you to do the right thing for America!!!
Show me in the bill where it states this is a Muslim band
Pretending that this bill does ONE thing to protect America is just stupidity. It's just a dog whistle for racist dogs like you.
Then tell me why every Muslim country and every Muslim is in banned
Notice the unbanned countries ALL do business with Trump and the banned countries all do not.
Notice these were the only countries that were labeled by BHO?
Never banned by Obama trollbot
Did I ever say that Obama banned them
How many times do we explain it to you it's not a Muslim ban if it were every Muslim would be banned there's nothing in the bill about such
He campaigned on a Muslim ban, he's doing his best to deliver. Who are you trying to convince?
I've got a story. Once upon a time. 19 Muslim men hijacked airlines full of passengers and rammed them into buildings killing 3k. The End.
No, here's the end... 16 of the 19 hijackers were from Saudi Arabia...which is NOT on the ban.
Ok but they were Muslims, so that shatters the #MuslimBan narrative. Are you suggesting we expand the ab to include SA?
I'm suggesting that you follow the money. Trump has businesses in SA. His ban would not have prevented 911
I suggest you get you opinions from others and are not capable of independent thought. A ban on Muslims entering the US would have.
Muslims had already attacked the WTC in 1993, and promised to come back and finish the job. Had we banned them then, no 911.
Name calling is not an argument. And 911 alone is enough of a justification. Not to mention the thousands of deaths globally this year alone
There is no Muslim ban doofus. Stop lying to your constituency.
