#SCOTUS nominee Gorsuch reported to say companies must ask women about plans to have kids. http://bit.ly/2nTkqeo 
Your belief is the Democrat party & Socialist agenda instead of what is best for the country. No thank you, I choose Liberty.
I'm hoping you make it clear that Neil Gorsuch is not a legitimate nominee.  #justice #resistance #MerrickGarland #StolenSeat
@activist_angel Can someone ask Gorsuch if he thinks his nomination should be impacted by Trump being under investigation?
Another tRump disaster.
From where you stand with extremes like Bernie and E. Warren anyone would look extreme.
@nwlc No woman OR man should be asked that question by their employers. Not that men are ever asked 
@IndivisibleTeam and it's a *stupid* question because some that want can't have, and some don't plan to but get anyway
Filibuster against Gorsuch.Stay the good fight. You've stood alone before and made history.Do. It. Again.We are depending on you.
PLEASE ASK HIM how a women is supposed to support and raise a family after she "steals" 2 months of unpaid leave?
@IndivisibleTeam Tell @SenSchumer Schumer tell @SenateDems to vote no on Gorsuch or STEPDOWN #StopGorsuch
your "mainstream" or mine?  Because you have no clue what real America is
I agree Ken, they, the DEMos are out-to-lunch with most American s. That's why they lost the election.
FILIBUSTER to #StopGorsuch! FBI said #RussiaHacked the election So all foreign & domestic policies should be on HOLD!
he should have never gotten a hearing
Gorsuch's record on the 10th earned him ABA's highest possible rating, same rating given to Garland.
But then why Garland was never even given a hearing? Like duh 
Garland wasn't given a hearing because Democrats lost control of the Senate.  Elections have consequences.
yes still upset by it
@IndivisibleTeam @SenCapito @VigilanceJCWV Sen. Capito- this, I assure you is not "mainstream " and trump lies.

BAN GORSUCH!!!
You one smart cookie if I could ever get through to your office I'd tell your staff to tell you that.
Thank you @SenGillibrand for opposing Gorsuch. Trump shouldn't get a SC nom through in last year in office either #RESISTANCE #ImpeachTrump
@nwlc there should be SCOTUS hearing. Put them on hold in light of ongoing trump/russia investigations.
percent agree..impeach his cabinet along with Paul Ryan. Congress operate the Government W.H
please make sure if get all Dems to block  #GorsuchHearing and ask the right questions
I hope you'll push to postpone Gorsuch hearings until after FBI investigation on #Trumprussia connections is complete.
won't matter. whenever I TOLD people I refuse to have kids, they insisted I'ld change my mind anyway. HA.
@IndivisibleTeam There should be no Gorsuch hearing, no movement on AHCA until Trump/Russia is resolved.
Funny how you DEMOs said before he ( Gorsuch ) was a great judge.
you see how arrogant this dude is? You're gonna #FilibusterGorsuch right?
No to Gorsuch! And as long as Trump is being investigated, NO to everyone/thing from him.
You've become more and more left wing. You've left your North Country roots.
How come you're not tweeting the correction of this falsehood? Also- the "mainstream" is ignorant of the law. #SoAreYou
@IndivisibleTeam all democratic senators should say no, until they have a hearing with judge merrick garland, first
@IndivisibleTeam Seems billionaires running gov't is becoming the mainstream.. Look at Gorsuch money trail
@nwlc what an outrage!! Say no to Gorisch
@TheRichWilkins @nwlc  How can Gorsuch even be considered for Merrick Garland's SCOTUS seat with all the #trumprussia scandal
@IndivisibleTeam Gorsuch cannot be given Merrick Garland's seat.
Gorsuch shouldn't be considered until investigation is over...what are his Russian ties?
@sacca what?
@IndivisibleTeam Since birth control will be limited in health bill any no answer can negated in the blink of an eye
@IndivisibleTeam @nwlc Proverbial wolf in sheep's clothing.
@IndivisibleTeam This is patriarchy at its finest. #resist
@IndivisibleTeam His judicial philosophy isn't bad because it's "outside of the mainstream." It's bad because it's BAD.
archaic and out of touch - I was 6 months pregnant interviewing for medical school & no one even asked
He is not mainstream and should not be on SCOTUS. And NOTHING this President initiates should be voted on until #Trumprussia invest is done
Can anyone say "I oppose Gorsuch" or "I will vote no"?
@IndivisibleTeam Read and retweet! While we're distracted with all things Russia, we can't let the SCOTUS pick get through!!
@Greenow_ it's clear now the Senate cannot advance Gorsuch. 1 russia 2 stolen seat 3 unacceptable philosophies.
@IndivisibleTeam filibuster!
@nwlc fight this, especially bc of FBI investigation!
clear that Judge Gorsuch knows that TheConstitution is the basis of this country and is not a fictional breathing document
please filibuster especially since you fight so hard for families and family leave
Fight Gorsuch  Save Roe v. Wade  women's reproductive rights  Women demand Women Senators block  nomination
#StopGorsuch  Absolutely!
one student accusation does not a valid argument make. Also, statements are taken out of context.
just say no
clearly women's rights and health are in jeopardy with nominee Gorsuch #FilibusterGorsuch
You, Franken and Fauxcahontas couldn't be more disingenuous if your lives depended on it.
There are real questions about the legitimacy No, 45's  presidency. You must postpone the Gorsuch hearings.
@MarkRuffalo @nwlc okay, so not in a good way?
@nwlc This question MUST be put to him in hearing,on TV. And give chapter&verse when/where he said it.Which Sen will do this?
Your no 1 job is to stop this. Illegitimate president, stolen seat, women's lives for generations.
thank you! But remember this seat should have been filled by 44. That and criminal influence on vote enough to oppose any nom
also, this nomination was stolen! We should be having hearings for Merrick Garland
@nwlc Did you even READ this, including the UPDATE?
no republican scotus, fairness matters
you really need to read the entire article!   Bait and switch here.
And who determines what's "mainstream"?
Senators?
None of their business!
as a constituent Gorsuch's appointment cannot be allowed to progress. The Dems must stop this.
Ask men if they plan 2 have extra-marital affair/leave their wife/father out of wedlock=that seem even yet?
vote no. Fight. Resist. Filibuster
always the same. Obstruction is the way to go? Common ground is bad. Looking for higher office on the people's backs?
it's clear you are a nutjob who will tweet anything.
YOU are the one outside of the mainstream.
@markos   As a woman, we continue to fight for equal rights including pay, healthcare and opportunity.    I vote no on him.
GOP kept this seat open claiming people should have a voice. DJT lost pop vote & now under investigation. Where's our voice?
Based on the losses in the last few years the Democratic  party is obviously way outside mainstream and becoming irrevalant
I would say it depends on what your definition of mainstream is.  I consider myself part of mainstream I like his philosophy.
@UNREALJUST I wonder, for one thing, how he'll apply the rule of law to voting rights? I really don't want to find out
#noroenogo
@dmcrane Resist, what's the worst that could happen at this point?
It's Nauseating knowing there's men in office who actually have this kind of mentality.
It's clear that your ability to judge evidence in front of your eyes is clouded by your intense love for Hillary.
Only in your mind Gilly
Your looney perverted version of mainstream.  I suggest he is in line with the values of the founders
if your views are considered mainstream, I am afraid for your constituents.
Actually, your views are outside the mainstream.  You will find that out if you ever leave NY or DC
Maybe out of your mainstream but he's right in for us!
I think you are outside the mainstream.
also clear he's not #MerrickGarland and shouldn't be having a hearing or a vote. #obstruct #FilibusterGorsuch
Yes, please IMPLORE your fellow dems to filibuster his nomination. Gorsuch not for we the people!
Senate should not confirm SCOTUS nominee until we complete an investigation into the legitimacy of the election that led to the nomination.
we NYers love Trump and understand who is really be investigated. 
It is clear you and your loony liberals are outside the mainstream of USA
the word you're looking for is "bullshit"
You mean because he wants 2 follow the laws of this country vs political correctness and social justice? Very much mainstream
This is apalling! That should not be allowed & has no bearing on a woman's work performance.We are the best at multitasking!
so continues the war on women. Our health & wellness is jeopardized, giving birth is questioned and we get paid less #America
@MarkRuffalo We live in USA right? Not Saudi Arabia. Whats next, white sheet virginity test? U do realize it's 2017AD not BC
what!!!!
Yes and thank God for that, don't you liberals realize the country has different ideals than you propose , voter ID u r thru
No, no it is not clear. Not even close to that assertion.  The man has an impeccable record and beyond reproach from you.
And he was nominated by a corrupt russian tool whose election is extremely suspect at this point.
actual question: in light of the FBI investigation of POTUS can there be a delay on appointing SC nominees?
It's only clear tht it's a rep pres abt 2 appoint a Supreme Court justice. U all confirmed. U r partisan
@nwlc Thank you for standing up for women and workers.
name once. That won't happen. Real women who work get her and those who protest being a woman. 
@nwlc In my experience, he's within the mainstream of older white male judges/lawyers. (And that's a problem.)
such a moronic comment. If Gorsuch was black and had the judicial philosophy as the white Gorsuch, would all be swell with you?
then a man should be asked if they plan on impregnating anyone. Same difference.
I'm in the mood for a filibuster #SCOTUS
Very clear Judge G is out of mainstream for everything. He is not suppose to use his Politics as judge, right, just the law
Good
filibuster until #Trumprussia investigation is done.  Vote NO!
Absolutely!
Thank you, @SenGillibrand for keeping them honest
So following the constitution and intrepting the law the way it is written is outside mainstream? Figures u would say that
Please vote no, Senator. Thank you!
Your VOTE doesn't matter. THANK YOU HARRY REID!!!
@MarkRuffalo who cares
@nwlc omfg
any many who honestly believes all women abuse maternity leave benefits is not fit to serve in any capacity, let alone SCOTUS
the letter did not accuse him of saying "all". Read the full original article then judge.
.@SenGillibrand Yes, but who cares?! Trump is UNDER FBI INVESTIGATION FOR RUSSIA COLLUSION. Forget this nom until that's resolved. Period.
