I use the ACA 
We own a small business 
Without the ACA We have no insurance 
Premiums & deductibles need to come down 
Fix the ACA
Did you read it? Obummercare is the worst coverage ever in history.
The 80's called, they want their foreign policy back. The Russia Hoax will have a backlash. Dems outright lying to the American People.
What's the plan for Ds in the senate?
Ds gained seats in the last election and HRC won 3mil more votes. Trump's approval rating is in the 30s and #trumpcare is at 17%, but sure
@SenGillibrand #WITHHOLDCONSENT #FilibusterByAmendment !!
Do we know the economic impact of the ACA right now, and what cha repeal will cause. etc
Not a secret
Well that's very honest of you Bob, stating it's not a secret it will kick millions off coverage! Ur tweets are evolving
No it will give millions choice in health care.
Hahahaha-that is not remotely true!U wouldn't try rushing through legislation(that even the dir. of HHS hasn't seen)if it was something good
We are debating a plan that is not finished seems silly on both our parts. You can see house plan online it is posted
Blah..blah...blah... The Russians stole my healthcare!!!
you have the fear factor - kristen, they closed the doors on you and others
cuz you swear to o much - Ms. Filthy Mouth
Thank you! I know you'll use every means you have (including willingness to #withholdconsent) to stop it. -a constituent
Democrats are still working on the election. They cannot multi-task!
yes, maam, indivisible is talking about 40thousand amendments or whatever it takes to obstruct and stall.  #turnuptheheat #GOPpigs
Withhold your consent! Death by amendments! Fight harder @SenGillibrand!
Again! It's not about health care, it's just another tax cut for the rich! #MakeAmericaSickAgain
Thank you!! We have to find strategies to stop this bill, it's going to kill people. What can concerned citizens do?
Been calling your office every day Senator. Please get @SenateGOP to see their destructive #ahca bill for what it is #cfadvocacy @CFF_GNYC
This not health care. No meds, no ambulance, no maternity, no er.  Death care from callous men all old with different insurance.
don't let it distraction YOU. YOU are the backstop. We hired you to fix this shittin mess. How TF we suppose to know?
Who gets to see details of this bill before voting? We have no idea how it looks now that they've hidden behind closed doors so long.
http://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/13/map-shows-where-people-could-see-zero-few-obamacare-insurers-in-2018.html …
Obamacare-Insurance now my #1 largest mnthly exp surpassing our mortgage! Prem went from $650 to $1,300 x 2, deductible from $500 to $7,000!
Oh I hope you get hold of a copy and post it. If it actually exists. Keep fighting the good fight.
Sleep with one eye open when the president & his GOP are in the room. Nice.
Agreed. But we need you to fight hard! Amendments....... I can't do this but you can. We are counting on you!!
#voterama please!
Important to stay on task. Should have voted with Sanders and Paul about IranRussia sanctions. Disappointed.
The Russian narratives are political hoaxes, American people will see it soon! Quit lying, lady !
Thanks for NOT falling for a big bright object of distraction and staying the course.
Thanks for all your hard work and dedication!
Why don't the democrats help come up with a better healthcare plan instead of complaining about the Republicans plan?
Russian collusion is concocted reporting.POTUS cleared by Comey,Feinstein,Clapper,Yates.Get over lying HRC losing.She would've destroyed us.
Nonsense. What about those of us that our insurance tripled under Obamacare and...  was far worse.  You messed up now it has to be tossed.
Can you and your fellow senators  take a public stand.  Get on tv. Public pressure works.
Please list all the evidences you have against President Trump!!!!! Not hearsay or fake news!!

You really have to pass the bill to know what's in it
So what are you doing to stop-asking for a constituent
"Rather, let it distract you from the rank corruption and fraud committed by my party and US mainstream media."
The Russian stuff is bullshit. Stop it. Stop trying to start WWIII to cover up your corruption.
Gillibrand #2020
So @SenateMajLdr with bipartisan homage being expressed tonight How about sharing the "health care"
Bill with Dems & country??@thehill
Russia is an IQ test for Right-wing Democrats. Like you.
Appreciate you
What about the millions of people who lost health insurance because of the cost? #ACA ONLY works for people that don't pay.
Sooo what are you doing? What should we be doing??? Stop the greedmadness
No way no how
How do we stop the railroading of this bill?
We the people, who ultimately pay the bills, are entitled to the exact same health coverage congress gets.
I'm old enough to remember when the GOP was arguing about secret death panels.
Hey POS remember that the millions that you are talking about are the young people that were forced to buy health insurance .
It is not secret it is just not that your in control.
Especially while enjoying a Gillibrand doobie.
Please hold it up past the 2018 midterms by introducing thousands of proposed amendments
#13Amendment #Bans #ForcingAnAmerican to #LaborForTheBenefitOfAnother
#WouldYouMakeAnyExceptions ?
#FirstRequest
SINGLE PAYER please
Will you use the unlimited amendments allowed on reconciliation process to delay a vote?
Enough with the Russia thing already we r tired of hearing about it! And millions of people lost healthcare because of obamacare dont forget
Let's get him impeached and accomplices jailed. Take our country back. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Their is no RUSSIA news when will you stop wasting time an taxpayer money on this NON ISSUE
Please continue kicking ass! #NoHearingNoVote is NOT enough. We must stall and stop this mean #Trumpcare bill in its tracks.
Thank you for fighting every day for the people of NY and the US! So proud to have you representing my state!
Enough already with the lies and deception for the purpose of fund raising. Get on board with @POTUS to #MAGA
@jennybethm
@HeyTammyBruce
I vote in NY.  Russia news wasn't important at all when Hillary was sure to win, Obama said so.
Kick millions off coverage? Really? U did nothing when thsnds of ur Delphi constituents were kicked off their healthcare AND lost pensions
Russia news is about as important as watching paint dry - its all FAKE
Please keep fighting!
it's very hard to keep track of all the #corruption, shitty #legislation AND keep one's own job and family going!
Will you commit to withholding consent and filibustering by amendment?
You're lying again.
Senator Gillibrand! When are you going to address the homeless problem in New York State particularly in NYC? @pthny @JustLeadersUSA
A reminder that you can offer unlimited amendments and stop the Senate to kill the bill.
We make calls (BTW senator ur VM is always full), we protest in the streets, sign petitions AND work FT. We need the Dems to take action!
The fact that it's being created behind closed doors should be concerning to all Americans!!  Scared to see the content....
Thanks for fighting for us and the truth Kirsten!
The REPUBLICANS are signing their own DEATH WARRANT - meaning the death of their jobs!
If a secret bill is passed it is anything but secret'n a clear message that government is no longer there for, of or by the people.
Russian news is dead
After we get punched in the face, look out for the sucker punch to stomach
Gilli, just stand up in the Senate and say f*ck f*ck f*ck f*ck. That's the one thing you're good at.
Bc republicans are cowards, phuching cuunts, there going to piss off the wrong nut job with an arsenal. My guess
secret?  Like passing it so we can find out what's in it??  I'll investigate, but this will come as no shock if it's another lie.
Withhold consent, Senator!
Let's do both.

Only you could continue to stoop so low. Too many died and are dying because of ObamanationCare. We're #MAGA no matter how little you work.
That's why you're going to revoke your consent and shut down the USS?

Right?  Otherwise, you reify their extremist, un-American tactics.
Haven't forgotten! What's your plan? Can you please commit to withholding consent?
It's important to you; as a political distraction & disruption tool. It isn't real.
@morningmika @JohnJHarwood @ChrisCuomo pls ask @SenatorCollins @SenSasse to allow American public to see the bill? Time to heal the country.
Isn't there anything you (or we) can do to drag it into the sunlight, so it can whither and decay like its architects?
Please withhold consent. Drag this dumpster fire of a bill into the light.
Never missing an opportunity to push fake news and lies to your loony base.
Stop regurgitating fake talking points fed to you by Breitbart, lemming.
Never look at Breitbart. Lemming?? Check out a mirror.
can you share what you're doing to directly prevent the passage of the bill, Senator?
Thank you for continuing to fight for us. We support you, and please don't give up!
Withhold consent & filibuster by amendment: https://www.indivisibleguide.com/resource/withholding-consent-filibuster-amendment-call-script/ …
I hope you're doing everything you can do stall any and every process in the Senate
Oh believe me it doesn't I don't understand why they're meeting in secret about this healthcare plan they should have left Obamacare alone
YOUR State is as divided as the Country. What are YOU going to do to unite people again?  THAT is what is needed!
Obamacare did the same thing but there was no call to resist then & you knowingly LIED about it to us! Stop the scare tactics
There were over 100 hearings held on the ACA before it passed
Why aren't u talking abt the projected decrease in NY healthcare srvc, decline in NY lifespan, budget cuts, Per capital $ decline
Lifetime cvg caps, premium increases, Medicare decline, preexisting cvg loss, drug price increases etc....
Thank you for voting to make it impossible for Trump to follow through and lift the sanctions on Russia, releasing his handlers' money.

Thank you and @SenSchumer for working against this abominable bill.  I am so grateful.
That's right stay focus, stupid #ClownTrump will hang him self, so let move to stop #ClownTrumpCare @KamalaHarris @RepCummings @JoyAnnReid
Ny state single payer @NYGovCuomo
Teens from NY will be coming tomyr office next week to discuss healthcare needs 4 #cysticfibrosis #teenadvocacyday
What about the extremely high premiums we are paying NOW or how many people have taken the fine?
I guess this fake Russia news story is very very very important
Like what ObamaCare did to millions?
The longer this charade that this administration is legitimate.The more danger we're in
Called your office today!  Great people. Make sure to withhold consent and pile on those amendments! I have a couple of ideas if you need...
Yep continue on with the rhetoric... round and round we go!
keep fighting, please!
I haven't.  #MedicareForAll
There already have been millions without coverage under obamacare and it is getting worse, When they finish perfecting the bill you will kno
From the sick, disgusting congresswoman who felt glee when hearing about Scalise being shot.
Pussygrabber in Thief is the sick and disgusting one.
They can't do anything if YOU withhold consent, refuse to negotiate, and insist on transparency. @IndivisibleTeam #ACHA
they are going to do a simple majority 50vote vp as the tie if needed. We have to get more gop to vote no
Not if Dems follow this parliamentary maneuver:
Got a Democratic Senator? Here’s how they can ACTUALLY PLAY HARDBALL on TrumpCare. Yes, they have tools to use. Yes, they can win. 1/
Thank you!!!!
Not to worry, I've been focused on Obamacare for some time.
Read this as "kill millions," did a double take... but ya, that's right.
