Exclusive: Donald Trump asked James Comey to end the Michael Flynn inquiry in February, Comey wrote in a memo then http://nyti.ms/2pROmsW 
Lol...i wish you cared about a special prosecutor when Hillary was under investigation! Frigen hypocrites
Special Prosecutor????  Give me a break.....The House should be drafting up Articles of Impeachment NOW!!
1. You need evidence to convict which is why you need a Special Prosecutor.  Rule of law & all that.
2. Her jurisdiction is Senate.
Sounds similar to the Russian proof of a year ago which has been debunked as a paid DNC attack...now again?!
Senator who did your people vote for? Why wasnt there more transparency asked for when last Admin was in? They were selling out Americans!
The results of the #CongressionalInvestigation are in
#CongressionalDebtAbuse still exceeds #19Trillion

IMPEACH IMPEACH IMPEACH IMPEACH Trump
More lies and false facts
@nytimes @nytmike Now you have it will you work on tax reform or health care or immigration! Or do nothing!
Where was your concern with Clinton's illegal server. I'll trade you an independent investigator for Trump for Clinton server & foundation
Countdown to beginning
WE NEED IMPEACHMENT PAPERS! @SenGillibrand PRESSURE YOUR COLLEAGUES IN THE HOUSE!
We need another honest, independent, and a modern political party that reflects the will of the people, and not a set agenda.

How do we get one?!?
STOP THE DRAMA!  You didn't get a special prosecutor for Cuomo, for Clinton, for Holder, for the AG who met with Clinton, or for Obama??
If we really want to have a special prosecutor, there's plenty of issues that need to be in investigated, like the spying on Americans...
The New York Times are proven liars they lie time and time again it never stops who in there right mind would believe them? Reason # 1
Argument is lost when 'impeachment' talks start getting rabid. Kristin, how about focusing on why Cuomo shut down the Moreland commission?
Concerns!? That's the understatement the year! – at K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at Manalapan
No we don't. We need all of you to start working together or we will continue to vote you all out. Enough is enough
@nytimes tou didn't need one with Hillary? Or Obama? Try some solutions instead of wasting time in lies.
You have to have a crime for a special prosecutor to be named the only crimes where by Hilary and I agree she should be prosecuted
Thank you for all the work you do .
I agree, we need a special prosecutor.
Clearly many people repeating the same talking points, but NO SUBSTANCE.  Where's the beef?  You can't convict because you don't like it...
Do it already
ABSOLUTELY!!!
@IndivisWstchr respectfully, do the Dems ever call over to the @GOP and say WTF? or is this all done by twitter? We're tired
"I hope you can let this go" is how men talk down to people they consider in subordinates. Me: "I hope you don't mind being impeached" 
We also need the senate leaders to lead follow or get out of the way.
@lizrdeb Please tell the Spineless GOP!
Or just cut the BS and go for impeachment. #unfit #unhinged
No.Need an independent commission that isn't constrained to ONLY illegal acts, e.g.Trump campaign coordinating with wilileaks wasn't illegal
we could have had a qualified president
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP Can we please have an independent special prosecutor now?  Pretty please?  or maybe just convince @POTUS  to quit?
Thank you for speaking out. Proud to have you as my Senator. And I'm not even a Democrat!
This 10075 constituent strongly supports your call for an independent investigation of potential wrongdoings of this administration. #russia
Work with the GOP (if able) and get one! Protect our democracy
Impeachment!
#congress must #ImpeachNow @SpeakerRyan
That will never happen. Since he's been elected all rules means nothing. #45andhiscircus
You have our support Senator. Be relentless. Be fierce. Only reach across the aisle to slap sense into GOP. This one matters.
Yes, we need an independent investigation/special prosecutor.
Actually we need impeachment.
Special Prosecutor needed to investigate Seth Rich murder!
At this point he just needs to be impeached.
Ty yes
He needs to be removed from office immediately!
Prosecutor or commission?
Impeach!
And start picking out a hangin' judge just to be safe.
When does it end? When do republicans say "enough"? Their lives are at risk just as much as ours are
More at risk if complicit
Is this ever going to happen? trump is getting away with EVERYTHING. Who's checking & balancing him?!
I've seen the question floating around, but do we have an answer to why McCabe testified WH didn't interfere with Russia probe?????
You need to impeach him and get an independant prosecutor. You and all your peers will go down in history as the congress who let USA die
yes, all due respect Senator, we don't have time for that. Impeachment or 25th amendment are all that can protect the country now!!
You have no faith in the Senate investigation in process? What good is Senate? Or the House investigation in process? Or the remaining FBI?
Yes but we need Senate Dems to FORCE THIS!!! #NoUnanimousConsent
Don Quixote again. Just stop... #DumpGillibrand
We needed a prosecutor two months ago. We need impeachment NOW.
Comey wrote it in a memo and the media and the dems all have the memo to prove that this is actual truth? The truth always comes out, hangon
Like the one you did not do on the IRS-Targeting.
Get on the horn, Kirsten. Mitch & Co. won't answer our calls.
Just turn yourself in and save us the trouble Senator.  Another asylum bound damnedocrat.
Does having a special prosecutor, as opposed to an independent commission, give dt more protection?
Cut to the chase and go straight to impeachment
What about Nuclear Hillary also ????
Why? You never called for on concerning Benghazi, Russian Uranium, Fast and Furious, Lois Lerner or any other Obama travesties.

That ship has sailed. It's time to impeach.
Please let Comey testify in public first.
The time for talking and tweeting about this is over. ACT.
Kind of like the one appointed after cash for Iran after the "we'll let ya have a bomb" deal. 
Keep trying
Get him out.
Where's the proof? Another made up story by #FakeNews!
Dear Lord!This is becoming a joke. How long do you investigate for? 4 years?
#impeachTrumpnow #HighCrimesandMisdemeanors #ImWithComey
Please for the sake of our democracy.
We need impeachment, way past "concern". The American people are outraged.
As a constituent, please don't take NO for an answer. Our democracy, and that of people across the globe who see us as a beacon, is at stake
Can we have a select committee too? Bc this POTUS will fire the special prosecutor, no matter how it looks.
Get all of your constituents together and demand a special prosecutor by the end of the week or DT's resignation!
Huge concern we need an independent investigation immediately
Articles of impeachment now. The truth -- if it differs --  would come out at a Senate trial. 
#PreserveProtectDefend
So you are taking actions to do something right? Otherwise it is just tweets to get likes. Actions not words please!
He needs to be in prison not travelling around the world representing a country he hates #TrumpRussia
The accusations against Flynn amount to doing business so far. Still don't see the hyped up concerns
Yes, we're all going crazy waiting for this to happen. Can't settle into work, can't sleep with concern. 8-(
We know the Dems know this, but where are those tough talking GOPers who would lock up a woman on chance she may have leaked
What the crime you political hack.
Please make it so!
Go get em Sen.  Gillibrand.  We're counting on you.
Yes, you should do this before your two month summer vacation. #dems #P2

Select Committee. Or Commission.
How about Impeachment?
I concur we need AN INDEPENDENT SPECIAL PROSECUTOR MORE THAN EVER!!!!!
Beyond that. #impeachTrumpnow
With all due respect, we are past a special prosecutor. #trumpMustGo NOW
Way past. Get on it.
What is it gonna take?
How about a congressional commission instead?
Agree 100%.  Senate must not do ANY business until special prosecutor is named.  DAG can't investigate obstruction b/c he's a witness.
No, I think we need impeachment proceedings or a resignation NOW!!
Think you need a little more than that, now.
We need impeachment NOW!
