For those concerned about history being erased, may I suggest things called books and the internet?
Ridiculous
You must be a black activist socialists depriving today's and future children to know all sides of our history and things not to repeat.

This is so wrong! Robert E Lee was not for slavery. He took communion with a black soldier in an Episcopal church. #historymatters
Do you have a book or website with that information?  I've never read that about Lee.  By his one writings & acts he was for slavery
I would start with Shelby Foote
Maybe U should dismantle the DNC, Party in favor of slaverry.  Party against emancipation.  Things haven't  changed, they hide better!
Yes mam lets just erase all history including the black history. Lets just start over. That should help everyone Huh.
Why haven't you been upset about this all the while Obama was in office?  You are a hypocrite.  I can't wait to vote you out in 2018.,
insane
Of course you have. Guess you believe West Point grads were made racists by statues. Why insult West Point?
Stop the knee jerk reaction politics. This is insane.Confederate Americans died.Honor them, and our History.Not perfect but it made America!
Y don't u have name of Democrat Senator and KKK leader stripped from every building and road. This was current, not 150 years ago
@SenGillibrand read your Hx. R.E. Lee was the Commandant of the USMA @ West Pt. He was also 1 of the best stds, stratigious, etc. Shameful
R.E. Lee was not an evil man as most have portrayed him. Please do more research on the man before the PC/Bandwagon. An ill informed request
He may not have been an evil man ,but he was a traitor.
It's the right thing to do!
Why are Democrays trying to hide there pasy. Confederacy was all Democrats
That was the Past. White Supremacists today vote Republican and worship Trump! Why honor people that fought a war to keep people enslaved?
I did, and that's where I learned about the CSA. Not from statues or building names. Reserve those for ppl who didn't take arms against USA.
Lee violated his oath to defend the USA and took up arms against it.  He was a traitor.  So were all those confederates who did the same.
What's next book burning books because they offended you.
Senator you need a history lesson honoring that person at West Point has nothing to do with the Confederacy or the war
Really ?? after nearly a,decade in office ,never a peep about tgis issue and you suddenly tgink tgis is a pressing need?
Thank you for joining in renaming these monuments. We don't need monuments to hate.
When is that Robert bird statue being taken down from the Capitol ? How about the Bill Clinton statues?  That's what I thought shut up!
Change all the MLK street signs, if you are gonna tear down US statues.
This is our HISTORY. We must not abandon it because we are lil snowflakes. Look at the Catholic Church, Lucifer is painted on the ceilings.
Let;s rename Medgar Evers school and Samuel Dickstein street in lower Manhattan. Both named after communists. U ok with communism?
You're a"history revisionists".West Point is a War College.Do something worth while.Get working on unaffordable O'Care and QUIT OBSTRUCTING
Lincoln permitted, nay accommodated, slavery in border states. Get rid of his monument.  Thus the logic of lemmings like this elected fraud.
.#USA Conservatives in #NewYorkState so tired/disgusted by what passes 4 representation in UR dirty hands:
Gee I. forgot to put the name of the KKK leader and Senator calng black GI race mongrels! It was Robt Byrd of W. Va.
Woman will say anything for publicity. Here's the truth from a black man
Those who forget the past are doomed to repeat it.
Disgraceful. Who are you, to rewrite history.
You think kids in Detroit public schools care? They want education a future a chance! But waste your time with this bullshit
Sad very sad
How contemptuous and disrespectful of you Ms. Gillibrand.  How dare you whitewash the history of this great country, good or bad.
your a mother ... haven't you learned that giving in to children is not always the best idea in life
you people are all crazy ... stop this insanity ... wake up from your comas
Why just rename them?  Go full Taliban and use artillery.
You need to crawl back under your rock....you can't change history.  It was an unfortunate time for America.
I would also like the dukes of Hazzard to rename the "General Lee" to the "General Grant".
how about calling for the nazi pig trump to resign
Why didn't you all do this when Obama was President?  What about your anti-Isreal stance? Playing politics?
Monuments you guys are losers !  Decocrats are on there way out ! Can't do crap anymore !!!
We will vote you out too ! Stand up to this bullshit !
That sucks there is a lot of history at the Point ! Don't touch it  !
Lee upgraded USMA as Superintendent.Destroy history,destroy the http://Republic.Read :Democrats Censure Thyself!! http://misblitz1.wordpress.com/2017/08/18/dem …
I'M with HER. Go get em Senator........
Who's  butt are you kissing to do something so foolish .
Why?
the whole world is now onto the fact that dems were the party of slavery.is that y u want to erase history?
Can't take u seriously KG. U r suddenly up in arms over names & places u didn't care about b4. Antifa is now running the Dem party. D hack!
Lee's part of West Point history pre-dates civil war.  The land  Arlington cemetery is on was given 2 this country by Lee. Is it no good now
while you are on a roll erasing history of white supremacist lets tear down planned parenthood all over USA since its founder was one
What's next a little book burning party?
Are you kidding? What is it like to go through life as clueless as you? You really should try making history as opposed to erasing it.
Thank you!!!
So, when are you going to start removing Robert "KKK" Byrd's name from all those buildings and bridges in WV. Or, is your outrage selective?
so you take 35% of our income to cry about statues and names?  Thats what we pay you for?  Something is very wrong...,
I think there are more important things to fight for. LIKE AGAINST NEO NAZI PREZ. (Met you at Snug Harbor).
Future president.?
The majority of the electorate in NY are liberal and continue to vote for you.
Who believe in you would rather bury your head in the sand and disgrace an institution like West Point. I am sure that you are grateful that
For terrorist related activities and murder. You are well aware that she belonged to the red army/weather underground. You and the sheep (2)
Kirsten you should concentrate on Columbia University who employs adjunct professor Kathy Boudin who as you know spent 20 yrs in prison (1)
Ashamed you are my Senate rep. This is ridiculous insanity you're promoting. Liberals have lost their minds. They r now thought police.
Please focus on healthcare.
really? youve been ok wity them for all these years? sad display of respect
Trump is a fake president 
Jesus just piling on
Thank you.
You are going to far! You need to stop this craziness.
The only student in history to get straight As.
#ImpeachTrumpNow
This your idea of leadership adding fuel to the Hysteria
Democratic party was started by the KKK are you going to close the Democratic Party
While you're at it, change the name of New York State, New York City, the New York Times....
you know you've gone absolutely crazy
You're aiming low. Go for military bases&cities. They are easier to see on a map than West Point facilities. Why did @BarackObama not do it?
You really have no agenda
What happened to "malice toward none and charity for all " you really need to reflect on the path you are headed down
Kirsten probably wants to replace name with Tokyo Rose.
Can get rid of the statues when D's take control of congress. Let's not muddle issue.
Why can't you work with this energy & enthusiasm on a National Healthcare plan? Do your job!
@SenGillibrand I am a big supporter but don't make this about statues, even if that is right thing.  The issue is evil supremacists 1/
this is getting a bit silly
#GillibrandssGottaGo
Just stop Kirsten. You are embarrassing yourself!
Voters in MI, WI and PA are watching this you tool. #demexit
Would you want your family history to be erased and ignored?
It's like a land rush - should start calling them Sooners instead of Senators - who can be first to demand something gets renamed.
The adults who realize these bogus conflations to smear Trump about statues that have been around for decades are leaving Dems en masse
Senator, why would you do that. Renaming facilities at West Point is ignoring our American History. Shame on you!
Would have been more meaningful prior to #Charlottesville.
they are citizens of the US and have every right to have memorials erected in their memory.... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pardons_for_ex-Confederates …
U just realized this sad
you should start doing your job and make history instead of trying to change history
I call on the good Senator to find any Confederate, she would not hide behind when bombs are exploding?
Well, the confederates are all dead, so...
No way. Some were great Generals. It was different times. In the 1950s Congress declared Confederate soldiers veterans. Try to overturn it.
Stop the faux outrage!! You are shameful...
Thank you
Since 1789, the oath of enlistment and office has included support of the Constitution. Defending added 1862. http://www.history.army.mil/html/faq/oaths.html …
Hey! While we are at it, let's burn all history books for the fragile minded! America was made by magic. #REGRESSIVES
Yeah this wont happen
How about getting jobs in the Southern Tier!! What have you done??? Please reply!
BTW. Stop your totally political al outrage.
Can't believe they named it after  losers to start with! It's like naming a baseball stadium after the teams worst player! Nobody does that!
Crack a book! Start spreading real truth not your shit.
She's right! No matter how gifted these men were, they chose to fight against their own country and lost. Books are where they belong.
You obviously need to crack a book too. Shall we get rid of Gettysburg?
Pandering pos.
What a phenomenal waste of time and energy!
#WhileYouAreDoingWhat ??
#HowMuchWillCongressWaste on
#DebtAbuseInterest
#AtTheRateOf
#11000DollarsASecond ?
You people are disgusting!!! You're no better then what Hitler did by trying to rid anything & everything of the Jews . Leave our history be
Be sure to name one after these ladies! #hypocrite #ImranAwan FBI has DNC computer #Wasserman threatens Capitol Police arrests eminent #MAGA
In the1800's,the north east textile factories being fed by southern slave cotton made big profits, also with child labor.
I had no idea that freaking Confederate statues, halls, etc. existed in so many places. How hideous!
Only half the US fought on the confederate side. It's not just about slavery. It was pls families. Not every confederate owned slaves!
Fine but isn't just a bit too pc-join-the-bandwagon?
At what point do we stop this lunacy? At what point do we stop demonizing inanimate objects? Time to put energies towards positive action
Once confederates are only in books and museums not honored in monuments and names
To be consistent pls also remove FDR tributes since he supported kkk & appointed gold klansman to US Sup Ct. maybe call FDR hwy sCHMUCKy way
Such utter BULLSHIT! 

COMPLETELY DISHONORABLE!
Ridiculous already!
Why all of a sudden is this a hot issue? We have so many large issues to tackle; this is a waste of time & money all for political gain.
Another opportunistic fraud. So sad!
And the statue of KKK Grand Wizard Robert Byrd remains in the capital? http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/story?id=121733 …
You are toxic how the next generation will learn about the mistakes of the pass oh I know following people like you or CNN, wow, God bless u
With this logic we should be making monuments for everything.
We the ones we had was enough, you lost nov 8 2016 & you still crying for a man that betrayed the country with Iran , Rusia & Mexican Cartel
The south lost April 9, 1865 and your still crying over monument for people that killed millions of American soldiers
Soros, the Clinton's mafia & the left media ( fakes media) Socialist Academia lost nov 8/16 and we still dealing with their propaganda & cry
Lol, well this arugument has turned irrational
More faux outrage just to look politically correct. Pathetic
The Joint Chiefs denounced the racism . It is not faux outrage when white supremacists made it clear what the statues actually stand for.
Every rational thinking human being includin Trump denouncs racism. The statues are part of our hstry. Learn it. Gen Lee was against slavery
I have a doctorate in history education. General Lee was against Confederate statues, however. A lot of those statues emerged under Jim Crow
So let's hide the fact the confederate existed at all. How dumb.
Put it in a museum.
If that makes you feel better.
I am a white woman who understands that those statues were more about intimidation than preserving history.
Yes, please. Instead, honor history by naming buildings after black Union soldiers who fought for freedom.
Lol
Thank you 
Thank you, Senator!
For what
Being patriotic
An opportunist maybe patriotic and her never in the same sentence! Socialist yes
The same way you can't have confederate and patriot in the same sentence
Please no one gave a shit til last weekend now it's an issue ! The reason is the Dems have zero no Russia no anything so no it's Race
Lol, saying there's nothing in Russia story.
Have you heard one word in last week!
You're ignorant, and you're actively bragging about that fact.
Oh cmon. I am as liberal as anyone but this is getting ridiculous. Dont we have bigger problems?
At that point in our nation's history, the Democratic party was actually the Republican party, and vice versa.
Mark Levin has brain rot—southern white conservatives voted Dem before the 70s and mostly voted GOP after. That's basic US history.
Thank you.
Thank You Kirsten!
