you're marching to make a name for yourself. Another career politition that we don't need.
even HRC and Bernie were at the inauguration. Not standing with Hill anymore?
Bernie was there too, as you said. So your "point" is moot.
she was a Hillary backer. Just made the point that Bern was there as well. They had more class than Gilli.
Everyone has more class than you deplorable!
TY for talking about clean H20; I'm from #hoosickfalls. TY for giving @HillaryClinton the praise she deserves.
Woman's rights LMAO!
Gen. Mattis defeated you.
How is supporting a religion not supporting a gender?
please look up women's rights in Muslim countries. You're welcome
That's a culture, not a religion. There's a difference.
ah, a simple coincidence I'm sure
Yes. Just like it's a coincidence that the KKK is Christian. All religions will have bigots. (Continued)
(Continued) All religions have bigots. It's not the religion, it's the interpretation.
I saw you in DC at the Women's March. Thank you for being a force for good.
as long as you don't mind killing unborn babies or have a different opinion
When the 1st lady is a former ILLEGAL sex worker, young women will need a STRONG alternative.
I'm marching because women's rights are humans rights! We deserve equal rights under the law in every country. #whyIMarch
@womensmarch Austin! Let's do this! Marching for our military families that are non-USA citizens fighting for OUR COUNTRY!
You are a coward Ma'am. Use your position to enforce equality in Islamic nations, this is just a show for photo op .. Cowards
The Dems must get corporate/PAC money out of the party to win back Congress in midterms #whyimarch @UFT @UFTNY @NYSUT #WomensMarch #noDeVos
take care out there.  Thank You.
Right on! More strength to you.
Vital. 
Please introduce http://RepairRestoreSafeguard.org 's The Public and Impartial Primaries Act!
Please don't vote to confirm Tsillison, DVos, Sessions, Pruitt
Why shouldn't she?! As my Senator, it is her obligation to represent the will of the American People, not hers
you mean kill a baby Abortion right ?
you let women  and children suffer living  next to wood boilers
ur only marching cause it's good for votes!! if u didn't have to u be sitting home relaxing.
many on both sides of the aisle want to support you marching, until the no vote on Gen. Mattis. We're trying to unify then..
protests are a waste of time at your age you should know that by now!
I support your efforts.




Good for you...thank you!
#itsamyth #STOPthefearmongering
YOU ARE AN UNAMERICAN WITCH
I hope you are marching for your mentor, Hillary Clinton. Please say her name at the march.
thanks Kirsten - hope ur our next Prez -- really - keep fighting for us girl -we need u !!!!
Thanks Sen Gillibrand!  My daughter and I are marching in NYC tomorrow.
apparently another one for drain the swamp, wants to make a name for herself on backs of natl security, & scaremongering
what's wrong - mad Bin Laden isn't around to be SecDef? Just leave America, you obviously already forgot ur oath. #MAGA #45
Obviously your not listening. Trump has always believed women should be promoted and paid the same as men. Feel free -March!
Good NO vote on Mattis. Thank you.
marching in NYC or D.C.?
Thank you.
You mean you want to continue to murder babies, they feel pain you know.........
I reached out to you with a REAL woman's issue. You never got back to me. You are counterfeit.
fraud
keep fighting the good fight. I'll be in Seneca Falls tomorrow
i am marching from ny for FDRs 4 freedoms  from want  free speech worship and fear
i am marching from ny for FDRs 4 freedoms. speech fear want
as one of your constituents, I want to say "THANK YOU!!!!!!!!! "
People like you are the reason a democrat won't win the WH for a longgg time! You can care less. Enjoy being a divider.
any info on upcoming marches? Would like to participate however possible.
thank you
- you are ignorant.  I'm embarrassed for you.
wonder why the military doesnt trust you on mil-sex issue? Lone holdout Mattis=1 reason
See you there!
retired Delphi women constituents have been speaking out 2 u since u took office & have heard zero. Ur a sad rep of women
Can you get Rev Al to pay his taxes?
I'm proud to join you in the march and even more so to call you my senator. #whyIMarch
this is a stupid event, why didn't you include pro life woman, we don't want them off the sidelines??
I hope to meet you there!
With you in spirit. Sending some California sunshine your way!
so full of it.   Your protesting new president
Don't turn back the clock on education either!!! #NoToDeVos
Thank you for marching alongside us all as we work for human rights and to keep moving forward in this country!

as long as all women are included otherwise pointless and irrelevent
An injury is keeping me from walking, but I'll be with you and all marchers in spirit.  #whyIMarch
We also need you to explore why LGBT pages have been taken down from the Federal Website.
Apparently you don't consider pro-life women & girls real http://women.Total  hypocracy.
Really?
@POTUS OH GO JUMP IN THE LAKE YOU DIVIDER!!!
hope to see you there!!
You need to Start WORKING with President Trump 
Not ALL of NY likes your Dem/Progressive AGENDA
The Democratic party need to break out of its hate bubble if anything is to be accomplished in DC.
is that why the pro life women got banned from the march?
I march bc #BlackLivesMatter & justice system is still biased, bc trans & queer ppl are still being murdered for who they are
thank you ...so many of my friends are going to DC and marching in Cleveland, OH also!!!  Tomorrow is going to be amazing!
you help inspire us to keep fighting for equality. Than you
Thank you for standing up for human rights as my senator.
Actually you are marching for extra stuff.  You currently have the same rights as men.  We are the ones getting screwed over.  #hugesack
spoken like a man who has no idea what it is like to be a woman, walk in our shoes, and live the lives we do.
In what way are we screwed over? Do you listen to the women in your life talk about their daily lives at ALL?
Ask any man who has had woman divorce him, take his kids, and make him pay a small fortune to see his kids 4 days a month.
Yes, that is awful (and stems from the idea that women = domestic). Overall we still have it much better though
How?  Stop being a pussy.
Are women's rights (which GOP wants to erode) not progressive politics? "Working class" is identity politics too
Marching in @womensmarch=/=@SenGillibrand doesn't care about other issues. Bernie (I voted for him) had silos, pet issues too.
Senator, I hope to see you tomorrow in New York City
