You're an inspiration. Thank you 
thank you. for everything.
@WhiteHouse @POTUS LEAVE !!!!
~ U've been both incredible. We love u & wish ur family the best in ur future endeavours.
Thank you for #serving the #world.
You will be greatly missed!
Thank you and your family. So proud to have had you in the White House during my lifetime.
WE LOVE YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love you in the Bronx zoo
DON'T LEAVE US
thank you both so much :( wow
thank you both... For everything!
proud to have you as our leaders and role models for our children.  We will miss you both.
@POTUSThank you Mrs.O And Mr.President for the most amazing 8 years and bringing CHANGE#ObamaFarewell #ourchildrenarethefuture #44
We will miss all of you.

Hey Mo, what did you have to do with it?  Let the man have his glory
evidently you do not know behind most successful men is a strong women.
This Beautiful 1st Family Will Truly Be Missed In The White House. Love It #allsmiles
Good riddance!

Keep. It real
Weri good
.@FLOTUS Dear Michelle,

Please run for office. 

Sincerely,

Concerned Citizen
Serious question: What about her background makes you believe she has any political abilities? Don't create another @HillaryClinton
#girly #man NOT PRESIDENT never was and no evidence that he was at White House. #TransNation Which one of your kids will inherit bad DNA?
Hiiiìi
Miss you & your family I hope all is well with you and your family
We love both of you. THANK YOU OBAMAS.
I love you 
RT @FLOTUS @POTUS #ThankYouBarackObama new book The Philosophy Of Vision  http://www.amazon.com/dp/1523835850  The Best Political Minds! #Farewell TY
Thank you First Family. We will miss your grace, elegance, intelligence and integrity. May we live up to you. @nbcsnl
and we love you. And him. And the girls. Peace to you all
Yes we did!  The smartest most gracious president, First Lady and family in history!  #Thankyou
:You two are an incomparable uniquely gifted generous-there's not space to express all that you are&how much you'll be missed!
Thank you, @FLOTUS. You brought unprecedented dignity, kindness, intelligence and love to our nation. Deeply grateful. #Inspiration
Playing Peacewalker tonight & then seeing you on twitter .  You are everywhere Steve
@WhiteHouse @POTUS We Love You 
THANK YOU
We love you, too!  Stay close. We still need you!  God bless you both!
So proud of BOTH of you! Thank you for your service to our country 
I LOVE YOU !!!
I hate him
I will so miss the both of you. No matter what the haters say, the country is crying tonight.
You give us hope. You show us all how to be our better selves. Thank you for all you have done for America and the world.
i'm crying
love for all children.
perfect @OfficialRackel

Love the pic Obama of u & family
@seankimdo @POTUS Bonne chance Michelle, a true first Lady. :) Best wishes to your family.
BBC＝Stacey Dooley＝racist＝Fake news
Someone, anyone.... I'm not trying to imply anything but can somebody please find a picture of Michelle Obama when she was pregnant? I have tried and can't find one darn picture. I'm curious only because Michelle may be planning a Presidential run in 2020
Love you too
Thats scary i'm pretty sure trump hates black people! What was a gun to your head telling you to tweet this?!!!!

The real first family
super family pics
I got two amazing things.
That is so lovely and amazing kids.
What good have you and your husband done for America? America has done a lot for you and your family. You let us down, sad
shall we ever have such incredible family again in the White House
what a beautiful picture, amazing family 
hey mo...you're awesome! Miss you much
still no pics with you being pregnant mich
from a military officer THANK YOU for giving us a moment of positive energy and vision.
@ArianaGrande @POTUS 078027844
0780207844
WE NEED YA BACK
@Baglady828 @POTUS you both remained poised passionate & on point all 8 yrs.  Thx U
so cute
Heart-breaking to see you guys leave!
thank you for sharing your husband with us-he was a great man and father to us all.  #ObamaFarewell
thank you for being such a wonderful example of an American family with an American dream! I'm missing all of you already!!
Let me show you how the vernacular work. Now mo could mean anything but in the District it's local slang 4 friend.
Thank you.  In the dictionary next to the word "class," there is a picture of your family.  
Mrs. Obama, you are an inspiration to us all and a role model for women. Best of luck. We are going to miss you so much.  @POTUS
Love you back! Wonderful, wonderful family. 
Your family is loved.
yes a good job pity Israel didn't get sorted it seems simple give the land back to the indiginous people
Love to you all!!!  We'll miss you all so much!!!!
Nice, but what don't you protect those who have your back? #NationalSecurity #Whistleblowers https://www.academia.edu/25856284/Unpunished_U.S._Southern_Command_role_in_09_Honduran_military_coup … #Duty
we love you all....thank you for your grace elegance, style and strength
@reemteam23 @POTUS so what happens to your Twitter handle once you leave office?
Losers!
Thank God you only had 8 years and could not accomplish totally screwing up our country.  My favorite picture of bho was him waving bye.

@miragebronx @POTUS But now this is going to Trump's account he's now Potus
President Obama  and first lady Michelle Obama you have been my hero's for the last eight years.I love your class, style.
@ShawneeWi5766 @POTUS  Thank you for your service.  Can't believe how much girls have grown.  Beautiful family.
You are Both wonderful and so are your daughters.
Nice family. You have done an excellent job. We have 3 children, one disabled.
thank you for always going high, even to the very end.  We saw the shade but in true style you went high. #blacktwitter
we will miss you all so much! Thank you for being the best FLOTUS ever!
Do you have to return those children now that you are out of office?
Thank you for serving this great country with dignity and grace. Hope you run for office soon!
.@FLOTUS44  We are proud of @POTUS  too. We think he's  going to #MAGA!
I can't tell you how much I enjoyed your tenure as President & First Lady!  Thank you both!
the world needed you then and needs you even more now. God bless.
please don't stay around America needs to heal after you two

GUYS DON'T LEAVE PLEASE I'M BEGGING YOU I DON'T WANT A PRESIDENT WITH THE IQ OF A BOILED VEGETABLE IN OFFICE PLEASE
thank you fir the most amazing 8 years of my life. Renewed hope,  crushed by a cheeto
u will be missed.  Not having u in the spotlight; great loss to our ears and our's. Ur presence and words -nothing compares.
WILL MISS YOU ALL @WhiteHouse
we love you guys! *cat singing* We are family! 
Don't worry pres, we got this, and I am getting that clipboard!
RELATIONSHIP GOALS. 
Just wanted to say Thanks.... !!!  This Navy Vet will miss you in the WH... Now let the 76th Hunger games begin.
I love you Michelle 

My girls and I will never forget the 8 years of sleeping in peace and living with pride in our country-you honored all of us
we are so proud of both of you.  Please continue to lead us with your intelligence, integrity and thoughtfulness.
Thank you for everything!  We've been blessed to have you as our First Lady & will always love you!  God bless you always!
You elevated the office and role of first family. So very grateful my son got to grow up w/you in the White House.THANK YOU!!
We love you.
I love the Obamas and will miss all of you greatly.  Thank you for 8 great years.    Please FLOTUS, run in 2020!
oh my God, I  am gonna miss you guys soooo much! Peace and Abundant Blessings Family!#ForevermyPOTUSnFLOTUS
Most difficult vote I ever cast but best decision I've made since I cast my first vote in 1986.  God bless u and your family!
i love you family and i miss you guys
Thank you so much. You were a blessing to the whole world.  @POTUS
and affect us a long time to come.
Thank you for all you both have done for us. We miss you already.
Amazing POTUS, and Amazing Family to have always supported him!
it's a pleasure to hear such because in Africa we are proud of your achievements
don't goooooo! Please?!
we love you
@Astro_Jeanette. They Sure did Represent what Leadership SHOULD BE & CAN BE.  THEY PROVED Revelation chpt 21 CAN HAPPEN!!!
I LOVE YOUR FAMILY TOO. WHAT A BEAUUUUUUTIFUL FAMILY. I DEFINITELY WILL MISS YOU. I'M SO PROUD OF YOU GUY'S TOO. GOD BLESS U.
We love you! Thank You Obama family for carrying yourselves with class, example, dignity, character and grace!
THANK YOU!!!!
you will be missed. Xxxx
Continue the fight, you offer hope and inspire a nation
Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful!
Thank u Michelle 4 the outstanding figure you have been, hate you are leaving but in out hearts you stay
tHanks for everything ex president.
Thank you for all you have done for us.  We will miss your family so much.
thanks for everything 
is Melania just gonna retweet all your tweets from the last 8 years
Obama Family is much loved and will be missed. You have served us well! The PEOPLE's Presidential Family!
@TheSpringChickn @POTUS Thank you! I'm excited to see what the future holds for you and your family.
You guys did great, on a personal and professional level. #ThanksObama
Love you guys so much! @POTUS You are my President 
You and your family are the epitome of CLASS! We love and appreciate you guys so much!! We always will! Stay blessed! 
will you PLEASE just go away. Or is that why you are staying in DC. You want to try and keep sucking off the tax payers teat?
We love you so much!  Thank you for being such a gracious and classy human being. You are the true definition of perfection!
I love you two!  Always my POTUS and FLOTUS!
THE  BLESSING FAMILY IN THE WRLD
i am going to miss you so much.  Thank you for all you have done. #youaremypresident #bestFLOTUSever
@POTUS44 only accomplished division AND we are glad to see him finally gone. Now a new America rises up. Not Liberal anymore!!
so beautiful!!!!!!!! love love love <3 ^^,
We are a better nation because of you
@HillaryDSimpson @POTUS Good family 
hard to imitate class. It was shown for all 8 years. Thank you for an excellent example.
Love all of you President Obama and your wonderful wife Michelle greatest First Lady of all.
meu otp
@POTUS44  @MichelleObama   We also love you beyond frontiers.  Everybody in my country respects and admire you both. Blessings <3
@POTUS44 thank you both 4 leading this country like no other power couple before and doing it so genuinely! Hope 2 c u in Chicago!
still proud of @POTUS? @potus44 would be disappointed! this should be changed somehow, mr @Twitter! #confusingPotuses
You did real good.  Real good.  thank you.
... Grace and Dignity has been followed by Ignorance and Scandal
Sincerest and most heartfelt thank you from our family -for your family's service to our Nation. You will be missed.
#ThankYouObamas
@uncleb0bby YOUR ACCOMPLISHMENTS ARE A JOKE EXCEPT FOR SPENDING $90 MILLON VACATIONS THAT IS NOT A JOKE!!
@DonnaInformata @POTUS So, so happy to have been here for this extraordinary First Family! #StillMyFirstFamily #ThankYouObamas
I'm grateful that In my lifetime there was a family in the Whitehouse so representive of me ,Thankyou
