Last few days there's been fear & shame tactics used.  Please work together to protect all students. Due process doesn't mean protections.
A complete analysis should require listening 2 all sides(regardless of quantity)in order to do better. No-one should be silenced or bullied
Entitled young white men tend to  grow up to be entitled white male Republicans Devos doesn't want to suppress their need to rape & plunder
Maybe she is a man
Would you want due process for one of your sons if he was on the opposite end of a pointed finger?
If you do not believe in due process for all parties, I do not believe in your ability to be a senator.
Betsy said it's pointless as the rapture is coming, so thank 
her god I guess. Her god seems like a dick to me personally.
I'm confused. Is this basically allowing the accused to not be held responsible?
There still has to be some semblance of innocent until proven guilty.  This act had swung that out of proportion.
I read another article and I get it now. Now I need to find the rules or a non biased article of how the rules are.
Refreshing to hear others read both sides of issues.
I think it is so necessary with this President and his administration.
Title IX also harms people of false rape reports. Fix it before trying to "make it stronger."
Yes due process is over rated
You are exactly right! But the question is how to stop her?
You should do everything you can to go home, and make your husband a sandwich. Asking #Mattis to give it to you in writing at a hearing. SMH
It's called due process. #thankyouDeVos #notmarch
@SenGillibrand is guilty of embezzlement, because without due process, accusation is condenation, happy #TitleIX Day!
Thank goodness there is a sane thinker in Devos. How do we allow politicians like KG to stomp on our young and their basic rights? No more.
King Obama betrayed American males by throwing out due process. The Democrat #waronmen is scary and real. #tcot #tpot #toxicfeminism #bcot
Release the trolls.......everything is world ending, death causing or rich enhancing.  Scare them  folks, keep them angry. #PlayBook
you brought a rape hoaxer to the state of the union, you hate due process for men and men in general.
DeVos IS making Title IX stronger. By enforcing the prohibition of sex discrimination of men. Seems like you think it only applies to women
@BetsyDeVosED  definitely one of the top five worst things about the #Trumpocalypse   #education #GOPValues #BetsyDeVos #TitleIX #halfthesky
Because men and women should never be equal under the law again? Restore sanity.
She is a bigot and a rich bitch who cares nothing about "Real life ". Out for herself or totally dimwitted.
By subverting the rights of the accused? Guess you're good with that.
Aren't you the one who gave platform to #MattressGirl? Someone who lied and smeared an innocent man?
Faithfully executing the oath she took? No! she should be removed!
Haven't figured out this bimbo.  Can anyone help?  She seems brainless, makes Ben Carson seem  like a rocket scientist.
Instead of a brain surgeon?
Hi Senator, you're a lying POS.
Sec DeVos affirmed to uphold the Constitution as did you.
Kristen you just keep sinking lower and lower from your perch up high. How much did you sell that soul for?
hear hear.
#StopMisandry
Senator you are a disgrace. You swore to uphold the constitution but want kangaroo courts for those accused of a crime. Due Process?
No, it does not considering males are usually assumed by the law to be the aggressor. #StopMisandry
The constitution does not betray students, federal student loan programs, however...
So you can persecute innocent students like Nungesser again?
This betrays students. @BetsyDeVosED should be doing everything she can to make Title IX enforcement stronger. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/07/betsy-devos-to-revamp-obama-era-schools-sexual-assault-policy-242444 …
I'm sure there's a hidden agenda in this for her.
She's trying to discourage females from attending college!
Stronger enforcement? Voters in KG district, understand she's advocating a bigger dent in due process which are a human right as per the UN.

Victims still shamed, blamed, dismissed for their assaults, but DeVos' 1st priority was to side w/accused. Fairness needed 4 BOTH groups.
Don't think having criminal justice administered by college administrators is constitutional or fair. That who you want judging your kids?
Didnt say that. But it also isnt fair they get to be judge and jury against victims of assault either. We're done now.
You're right it isn't fair. We need quality judges and lawyers in the regular justice system.
Thank you, Senator.
Honest question Senator.  Is it painful to be as ignorant as you are?  Do you actually have physical pain from that?
No more sacrificing men to your fascist agenda
She is a huge joke. How did she ever get confirmed?? Disgusting.
Seems like your policies are making it easier to BULLY an innocent man.  You should be sued. ;)
I'm old enough to remember when liberals valued due process....
You don't believe in due process?
This is beyond despicable. Is she a woman or a trumpbot? #StopBetsy
Well what she specifically got rid of didn't help women. It's not title IX, it was the dear colleagues provision started in 2011 which was
A mess. Moving forward we need things that actually work.
Please please please do not let this happen
Go Betsy!!
You betray students when you deprive them of due process.
Is there a mechanism to unconfirm @BetsyDeVosED
Notice this administration rolls back but does not move forward, improve or tweak policies.  This is so reactionary on its face.
Thank you for continuing to work on this.  Keep women safe in school, military, and the workplace
Mattress Girl is nuts and you aided her for political gain.
DeVos should not be in her role bk she is so far removed from reality.
We know trump is an abuser, is she or a member of her family also an abuser?
She's part of Trump's hateful agenda!  No decency!!
Senator please stop Devos in her tracks. This can not be allowed to happen.
#CongressionalDebtAbuseInterest of
#434Billion #Exceeds
#432Billion for #FY2016
and
#ThereIsStillAMonthToGo in #FY2017 !!
#PayoffYourDebt
A betrayal no doubt.  Is it more OR less betrayal than this society's response to the crimes of Childhood Sexual Abuse? Are we any better?
She needs to be educated on sexual assault. Perhaps visiting/ working with SANE program wld help. (Sexual assault nurse examiners).
The most horrific Sec of Ed ever
Before Title IX female students had no way to fight against discrimination in higher ed.
Did you expect less from @BetsyDeVosED ? She is being advised by a sexual predator, @realDonaldTrump
Expecting her to do something that helps students is ridiculous
In a nutshell: "Have at 'em, boys...... just remember you have @POTUS as a role model!" What could possibly go wrong?? #SexualAssault 
Nothing wrong with enforcing our laws.
You expect more from #trump cronies?
Outrageous she wants these guidelines changed because "they do not do enough 2 protect rights of accused." Takes us backwards again.
It's "backwards" to value due process?
If she was less determined to undermine her responsibility towards education...
False, Kirsten. It will restore due process for young men, who have been vilified for the crime of being men.
For those of you who truly want do eliminate sexual violence on campus. Ban Alcohol . The number of incidents would drop to the basement.
Once again backing a feel good ineffective policy. It's a guideline that has had insignificant results and increased cost.
She's a scumbag so don't expect much from her.
Exactly! #StopBetsy
Wait. What? Why would she even do that?
I can't understand how the Sec of Ed could say we no longer believe safety of all matters mugging bad rape ok with us @BetsyDeVosED
Why? Whats broke about it? Cant she get out of her Own Alt-Right Christian way? Women are not to be protected?? It's kill Obama policy 101
Can we kick this dummie out once we impeach her boss?
She's just Schumer's second vote, so I wish we could.
Once again Trump admin official – head of public agency – refuses to take questions. Shows contempt for press & us, the public. @politico
I have 2 daughters in New York college, sure would be nice to know the federal government cares about them.
Yep. People like Gillibrand who use their position to make false accusations against students are evil. I will never forget her doing that.
@PFossil @BetsyDeVosED @politico This is complete BS. You're just giving students more opportunities to get away with rape.
She needs to go too.
I think she said there were very fine people on both sides; victims and perpetrators
You fools. She's trying to protect the 6th amendment protections of the accused, something college kangaroo courts don't do.
So, where does this money trail lead to?
Just one more effort by Trump to erase the Obama presidency...simply because he hated that a black man was President.  #RACIST
Lol. Good one.
She also needs to protect Loan Forgiveness Program instead of trying to get rid of it. Many have signed contracts in good faith w Fed gov.
Please haul her in front of Congress to explain this ON CAMERA.
The only way the Trump Adm gets anything positive for his base is to bash Obama.  Try making your own policy for once and stop the bashing.
Betsy says she'll accept feedback. Boy will she get it.
@BetsyDeVosED is insane.
But existing guidelines can discriminate vs. men falsely accused. They need revisions to make them fairer to both sexes.
Republicans can't relate until they themselves are victims and as a result, they victimize the victims further #devos #education #trump
OMG I can't stand her!
in a nutshell: Because Obama was against rape, Trump and DeVos are for it. It's all about a pathological hatred of a past black POTUS.
Well it is pretty clear Trump is in favor of sexual assault...cue Access Hollywood "grab em by the "quote. Duh-Vos is clueless.
VERY COOL. THIS WAS AN UNFAIR OVER REACH. OBAMA IS A DINGBAT.
Another sex assault apologist. Wearing a wife beater to boot. Perfect
She is CLUELESS!
Keep shrieking.
Sexist much? Keep fighting Sen Gillibrand, even in the face of sexist attacks. Fighting for victims of sex assault is not shrieking.
Is that what she's doing? To me it looks like she's demagoguing a very real issue to score political points with her base.
She has fought sex assault issues for yrs. You can't be so misinformed. Research before posting to prevent looking stupid. 
Bitter much? The policies I want for fighting sexual assault are being furthered rather than the ones you want. Elections have consequences.
Hardly. I work in higher ed and want victims safe. People who don't work in higher ed or talk to college age women daily do NOT know best.
I respect your opinion on how to best achieve the goal we both think is of great importance.
The woman represents the worst of American Christianity
What IS wrong with that DeVos woman?
Democrats continue with their attacks on men. They didn't learn anything from Hillary's historic loss to President Donald J. Trump.
Maybe if men didn't perpetrate so many campus assaults she wouldn't have to press the issue. Are you defending men who assault women? Wow
Nobody is pro assault-That statement is ludicrous.   innocent until proven guilt is still applicable.   Read the UVA/rolling stone story.
