Are you kidding me? The "all-Democrat" ACA was passed for this very reason. Sorry, it has FAILED!
ACA was a republican bill, romneycare. First in Massachusetts. Made by the heritage foundation.
You are really trying to put the ACA on the GOP. A state is not the federal govt. NO GOP representative or senator voted for ACA in DC.
States opt out of aca. Go back and see how the GOP was involved in rewriting it. How the heritage foundation was involved. Romneycare.
I couldn't care less about MA & Romneycare. That is a state issue. Me & my family, could not opt out of ACA, now we have shit for insurance.
Then you should be mad at the @GOP cuz they watered it down and ruined it. Now we have a chance at the real deal #MedicareForAll I feel you
Just so you know, I am more Libertarian than republican. Here lately, I'm not sure I can ever vote for a GOP candidate again.
I was a l'tarian b4 the election too. No more.k. Look at the new @GOP proposal 4 healthcare. Nice chatting .  . I'll be dead. Breast cancer
The uninsured receive healthcare under Medicaid/medical so stop the lies. They just have to apply for it.
If this were true we wouldn't have an est 45k people die each year.
We need to get the cost of drugs lowered. Two separate issues. Many get a medical to see a doctor but can't afford the drugs they need.
Hi Penni, how do I respond to someone who saw pic but did read article. Was a clear rebuttal to your original tweet. Please read article.
I read the article but I study medicine and am deeply ingrained in the medical field.
Penni, this concerning. You study medicine and have read article that state people die from not having healthcare/uninsured and still you 1/
say that those people get cov from Medicare/Medicaid. That the bigger issue is prescriptions.  People get prescriptions from doctors 2/
If you can't afford to see doctor how do you get prescription? Come on Penni.
Tell Chuck Schumer.. since he is now being paid to not join you. I will not vote for him ever again if he takes money and doesn't join you.
And Eating is the HEALTHIEST thing you can do, so that's why we must pass #FreeMcDonaldsforall. NOW! We are tired of paying for our food!
Where will you find the money senator and who wants to give up their good insurance for Medicare? #clueless
I hope @IamJohnBurnett does challenge you.... You're "wishy washy" & when I met you during a union meet & greet...1 on 1...U R stiff & fake
You already fixed this issue with the ACA....What happened to that?  Oh, that's right, I forgot!  YOU LIED ABOUT HOW IT WOULD HELP US! LIED!
Then why are you not helping
Not really, look at Canada for example, poor health care. Free market= more options lower cost.
Medicare still has deductible and co-pays that make supplemental insurance necessary for anyone with ongoing health issues.
It's all covered. Read the actual bill
All talk no action. We need a senator that performs not propagandadizes
But first we must save the #ACA or many of the people who benefit from #M4A will not survive to see it passed. #ACAfirst
How ru going to pay for it? Oh I mean how are we going to pay for it?
Cutting out insurer profit will save huge dollars. Now regulate Pharama prices
Our current system is dominated by non-profit hospitals & their relationships with state insurance companies brought to you by politicians.
Non profit hospitals . Have you examined a hospital bill before. They account for all their  so no profit, but they're rolling in 
Article: http://www.healthcaredive.com/news/nonprofit-salaries-for-healthcare-executives-on-the-rise/437566/ … Non-profit hospitals get billions in tax breaks and those benefits don't translate into community benefits
THANK YOU!!!
For what she does nothing
Medicare is earned with a lifetime of working and paying into it, yet this lefty nitwit gillibrand wants to give it 2 illegals, refugees wtf
You would receive it as well. Do you like co pays, high deductibles and high RX drugs? Like it when premiums keep going up?
I recieve it now because I paid into it. Thats how it was designed to work not take care of freeloaders.
How are taxpayers freeloaders
You finally revealed the truth about yourself: You're a Communist/Socialist, no longer Democrat. #ComradeGillibrand #GillibrandIsASocialist
Thank you @SenGillibrand for supporting #MedicareforAll
My mastectomies cost 20k and weren't covered by insurance because the deemed it unnecessary. I had breast cancer. Thankfully Dr wrote it off
PLEASE 
With Connect Care closing  down. Many doctor will not accept insurance and insurance from the exchange. No one is  giving answer
Keep obstructing you fool!
You want healthcare? Work and EARN it. No FREE rides!
Obama & Dems created ACA. It's dreadful! Paying not to have it! Now you want to run single payer! No DMV & SOS are jokes
I think the only way
#impeachTrumpnow
And we trumpet to the heavens what a loving Christian nation we are
You are crazy if people get off their butts and get a job they all could get insurance
Country is 20t in debt how do you propose to medicare for all. Does the plan include millionaires?
Healthcare system is broken but Medicare for all is not the way to fix it. Just like Obamacare was not. it just made things worse for many
This is golden, you are admitting that the ACA did not do as you promised. #FAIL No you want Single-Payer. No thank you!
Who pays?
Thank you for voting Nay on killing the effort to repeal AUMF! We need congress and Senate to take back their war powers years ago..
There is no money for government to pay for health care. Have you look at our debt? Give us a debt free nation so we can afford health care.
Republicans like @LindseyGrahamSC & @SpeakerRyan not asking the right questions.  We know universal h/c is hard. Q: HOW COULD WE DO IT?
what drugs are u smoking.
You are a Bernie Sanders clone with more hair. Socialized medicine will destroy the competition that creates state of the art medicine.
Finally a smart person in the bunch besides well myself. Lol
Didn't your side pass the current healthcare law of the land??
Thank you for your leadership!
YES. BUT WE HAVE TO CLOSE WATCH HOSPITALS AND DOCTORS FOR OVERCHARGES..WE ALL HAVE TO DO  THAT, YES!
This current system is the Obamacare you voted for.  Why give you another chance to screw it up again?
But now KY (R)Gov. Matt Bevin wants to cut 95,000 people over five years. #ACA #ObamaCare
^^ Another case of people voting against their own best interest, but no wonder
Thank you!
You and IB made it and know it does not work? What's next all should not work
NO
Only if it keeps the Big Insurance cartel out of it.  If insurance companies still in, patients still out.
If your idea of health care for all falls under government assist I beg you to study government employees and vets already there!
How is that possible when ObamaCare mandates ppl to subscribe to a health insurance policy under threat of fine & or imprisonment?
Health insurance is a business. Govt is n't supposed to be in a business. ppl should take better care of themselves
I thought Obamacare was supposed to take care of that?  Not!
Please stop wreaking our country and health insurance.  Thanks
I used to think politicians were tone deaf now I am convinced they are. LESS GOVERNMENT NOT MORE!!!!
Less gov't is how you would up with Equifax insider trading with your leaked personal info. Corps cannot hold themselves accountable.

ICYMI Everyone gets medical care in this country. Even illegal aliens!
How do we pay for it?
How are you paying for your insurance now?
By choosing my insurance and paying for myself
@ShaunKing @SenSchumer-Sign on to #MedicareForAll. You're gonna end up it doing it. So be the leader NY needs and do it now.
I want to vomit now.
And today my county has zero #ACA plans because Democrats are taking their eye off the ball & immediate threat?
Hope you lose your primary.
Agreed! I'm no longer voting for a Democrat who doesn't share the same view point. The hell with them all. Except my president Obama!
please run for president
Halfway there, just need to endorse #basicincome
No, Medicade it sucks. Try #TortReform and bring down the cost of care.  No damn tax and spend, you can't manage that
I like you, but this is a political ploy, not a real solution. How are we going to pay for this?
Yes!!!!!
I don't get this we were on the right track and just because some ppl didn't want to pay we stop bull. We will have to 0ay anyway
Woohoo! Thank you congresswoman! I am right behind ya!
Bc neither of you are smart enough to realize nothing is free. The numbers do not work 117mil people can't fund medical for 323 mil
Educate yourself on HC & Medicare as you are sadly naive!! We cannot afford stupidity in our Senators!
Why there's any level bureaucracy/administration involved in doing what's right is mind boggling. Just do it, why does it need a bill?  Cmon
@0u812B Please work on tweaking the ACA. No practical plan to pay for Bernie's latest pie-in-the-sky. Need pragmatic solution
No freaking way! We can't have Medicare4all  & military spending. We'll be taxed over 50% and still pay for insurance.  Medicare isn't free.
Deborah please just google how single payer actually saves money
In what universe...it's estimated to cost tens of trillions of dollars...we don't even pay all the costs for our seniors on Medicare
Why? The government destroys everything they touch. Medicare has enough problems let's not make it bigger. It can't be fixed with more money
Can't wait until nameless, faceless bureaucrats decide what's good for me
Thank you for supporting this legislation! NY Needs this--as does the U.S.
What happened to the 8th wonder of the world Obamacare? No wonder Chris Christy beat you for the senate in 05
A very kind THANK YOU to @SenSanders for bringing this to the table again and again! Tell @HillaryClinton 2 stop bashing him!
Medicare is NOT a #SinglePayer system!  Medicaid or Tricare are Single payer. @SenSanders #MedicareForAll
didn't you vote for the unaffordable care act?
The 1 thing Americans agree is we don't trust the gov w/ our $$. That's why tax reform MUST come first.
It would bankrupt the US which is already teetering and allow the govt to decide who lives and who dies. Sounds good to you huh? Of course
Their Is That Republican Word Again "ACCESS"
Thank you
Current health care system is based on the greed of medical insurance & drug companies. #MedicareForAll should have been passed years ago.
we are not a socialist country no matter how hard you try we will fight this.Stop forcing this on the people.Passed obamacare.
Socialized medicine? No thank you! Socialism doesn't work. Why are Liberals trying to take us there? Less Gov't NOT more!

Because it's not about the best health care it's about controlling people.  This is one of Hitler's dreams.
Yeah all those nazi marches have totally been to give everyone healthcare.
And who's going to pay for it? ?? Are you going to print money to pay for it? ? We already have $20 trillion dollars deficit.  You DemocRATS
Have you read what's in it?????
You supported this system you live with it until it chokes you out of office. Feel that BURN...
Are u a closet communist? Medicare for all? You need to b thrown out of office. We r a republic not a socialist state. Take Liz n Bernie too
So get rid of the military then ?
We need to remove people who have no concept of what things cost and waste time with childish ideas. Trying to destroy the envy of the world
Don't endanger the Medicare for seniors program in so doing.  Don't leave seniors at the whim's of congress while you do so.
Clueless
I really think you need to understand the consitution.  Besides #MedicareForAll was doubling Cali budget.  Not good.
You voted for obama care it didnt work now you want us to trust you again. Not hapenning
But u said ACA would be the answer. Now Medicare?  U were wrong then and now!  Recall/replace SenGulliblebrand!
Thank you!
Let's talk about this.  Are you ready to increase everyone's taxes by 18% across the board.  So even someone making 10k needs to pay 1800
ACA violated title 6 of CR act that's why we need @civilRights to prosecute @TheDemocrats & #SendRacistDemocratstoPrison
Rich guys resist but 4 rest of us, expand Medicare.Young hlthy shld pay reasonable premiums. And we can buy private ins for 20%not covered
Will you be participating or will you be exempt and have private insurance?
Does this mean you'll cut ties w/ Phizer and return their money?
WHAT IT TAKES TO FiX IT DUMP THE VA HELP HIRE THE AFFECTED DUMP ALL HEALTH PLANS IN USA DIVIDE EVERYTHING ELSE NOW WE ALL SAME AND CHEAPER!!
Set the prices of hospital care the salaries of all in the industry We have to divide the costs into every single one only way to fix it !
In every state you know what a broken leg or a heart  attack costs. It's consistent and the most important patient is the one in most need
We have to stop the corruption of marketing and sales/profits of insurance NO HUMAN NO AMERICAN NO ONE SHOULD DIE OR FAIL DUE TO HEALTH CARE
"Medicare for all".....ROTFLMAO
You mean the current Obamacare system? Yes, thank u for admitting that. We were fine before. #stopsocialism
I agree, Obamacare screwed up everything!
And get Insurance & pharmaceutical companies out of lobbying with big campaign donations
Ask @SenSanders to join the Democrats  and not just for an election
Where's Chuck's support for this bill?  @SenSchumer
Fix the healthcare system first before giving it away to all. Costs will go up and crippled us that work for a living.
Remember when the wealthy from other countries ( with socialized medicine)paid to get our medical services?
Bahahaha ha.   Obamacare will cost us over $30,000 just this year. Your plan is the ULTIMATE RAPE of Americans
WHY CANT YOU POLITICIANS DEAL WITH THE COST FACTOR.  LAWYERS ARE DESTROYING OUR SYSTEM WE NEED TORT REFORM
Will you fight for it, Kirsten? If this bill doesn't pass will you fight for it again? --signed, a New York voter
don't tell us, tell Heidi Heitkamp.
Bio states she's an "American Lawyer & Politician". Intention appears there as she was affected by sickness in 2000, however "politics".
Bio left out "corporate sellout"
We may be beyond "partisan" politics. Every "representative" should be judged as "for humanity" or "against humanity", rather than "R or D".
as an independent i feel that is where i have always been
Have been since 08 election (private interests prevailed). It seems today that either sides excuse for incompetence is "not as bad as them."
i am too old for that. i don't have time for another 50 years of incrementalism
The majority of Americans are healthy and if we all contribute equally to the minority, life will be better for all
The standard "socialist utopia" spin. Sounds great! Doesn't work.
We (Russians) almost have no uninsured, but still pays huge bills, because state health care system is very close to Venezuela
Yes!  It is time for Medicare For All!
I agree, but for now, let's protect the next best thing we have. CALL your Senators  AND Governors & demand they reject Graham's repeal bill
Will you please get Senator Claire McCaskill from MO on board too? Speak with her, please! #LeaveNoOneBehind
CA has proven SP is not affordable! We don't have enough $ for Mcare/65+ yo.  What gov program is run well?? #CONGRESS SAY NO!
That's why you must  go,who is paying for this?
Hyde amendment?
That's why need to go ,WHO is paying for  this?
Who's going to pay for this and will you and your colleagues be forced into the same plan as the rest of us
Too expensive. Increases the debt on our children #bankruptcy
I think you mean insurance not care please stop confusing the 2 just to get people on your side
Calling it a "healthcare system" is far too charitable.  It's a MEDICAL INDUSTRY REGIME to millions of Americans!
Fix the ACA, what in the world are you doing.
So how exactly do we pay for that? And medical availability would suck. Single payer is not the answer. #socialismsucks
Pro Toip: Smart to do a little homework before tweeting
I have done plenty of research. Single payer is a disaster. Do some economic impact. More govt. no thx
Please stop before you embarass yourself further
Whatever. U like socialism.  It's ok. I just disagree
You have my permission to unfollow
Stick to shoes. I enjoy those takes. Thx sport
You won't if I report you then?
The next time a politician asks how we can afford #MedicareForAll, ask them how we can afford to spend $4.79 TRILLION to murder Muslims
How we pay for #MedicareForAll? Same way we payed $16 TRILLION in welfare to some.
@SenGillibrand thinks she's going to ride this issue to the White House.  4 years from now she'll be on a book tour for What Happened Again.
As much chance as catching a fart in a hurricane Senator.
20 trillion in debt, what's your plan, Senator? 20 TRILLION! !
Your speech today won you my vote for 2020. I will phone bank, knock on doors, and campaign for you! 2018 too! Thank you! #MedicareForAll
It's paid for thru taxes. Also, be prepared for long lines and having the government control every aspect of your healthcare.
It's not about the cost for me. It's about having the government control every aspect of my care. Socialism stinks.
Thank you!  Please get @SenSchumer on board, too!
Before "passing", please decide first HOW TO PAY for it.    cc: @realDonaldTrump
no.
Thank you for supporting #MedicareForAll !!
Ummm, we are not a socialist country!
Beyond political rhetoric.. where does this work? Taxpayers get much higher taxes, doctors make a lot less, and citizens get reduced care.
It's works because we don't have to go through insurance companies who profit off of denying us care. Overall system gets cheaper.
Any tax increases will be more than offset by the amount we will save. We're simply catching up to the rest of the modern world. It works.
Really? IHS gets 12 bil of the 100+ billion Amer Indian land generates & FAILS on every level govt healthcare is failedHC ask CharlieGuard
Wrong
I thought ACA was doing great so instead of working with Republicans, you just want to raise taxes on Middle-class.
Political bullshit.
Isn't it easier to reform the ACA? Why start over?
The ACA was written by the insurance industry to avoid single payer. It leaves no room for reform by design.
And is Congress going to be exempt? If so then no thanks
Bernie did some thing about this is Vermont.  
Check with that and come back.  
Please.
who is going to pay for this Medicare for all? do you know Medicare is an 80/20 plan so secondary ins is still needed?
No government needs to stay out of healthcare. Obama Care worked so well!
So now you're saying Obamacare sucks? We knew that from the beginning.
Think #Medicare4All can be tweaked2improve medical outcomes so #Healthcare is #1 or at least top5.Get rid of middleman aka4profit ins co
NO!!
And........costs are going to decrease How?   Someone else is going to pay for it.   Right?
Thank you so much!
Thank you!
It's my right to buy what, ever I want & when I want! It's not Gov right to make me buy anything!
It's actually in the Constitution, Article 1 Section 8.
No 1 exempt,poorest to 1% er's,pay same insurance goes any hospital/Doctor. Never will happen!Totally repeal&replace
Your the one that rammed Obummer care down our throats! How many trillions is this going to cost the REAL American workers?
Our current system, designed and maintained by only democrats has failed miserably and now you want govt to run everything. Democrats suck
I will advise all my constituents to stop paying federal taxes. Seems to be the only way to stop people like you from throwing it all away.
Amen to that
I'm sure congress will exempt themselves from this just like congress exempt themselves from obamacare
You bunch of Socialist!!!
I was able to access it before the aca.
Thank you so much for proposing this bill.
Ok so tax hard working Americans more so the unmotivated can have more free stuff brilliant!
I'm a constituent and registered voter - what is this going to cost and how is it going to be paid for?
Lmao.   Good questions.   Look under socialism in the dictionary.
FIX #ACA first! What don't we fix what is broken right now??? You don't have the votes to pass a #MedicareForAll bill!
No we must not. It's time for free market healthcare & to get politics self servin politicians & unelectd bureaucrats out of our healthcare
We had free market healthcare and it failed everyone but the rich.
Many have insurance but with a $10,000 deductible they are unable to afford any preventive care. It's not right.
That's like trying to remove a mole with a shotgun
No it does not.  Every uninsured American has access to state-funded Medicaid.  And no hospital can refuse care, you know that.
Instead, they just charge you out the ass and garnish your wages after they give you the care. Sounds great, right? 
