Resist @sengillibrand. Call for special prosecutor now.
Bot got stuck!
Lol. I was referring to you. I saw those 5 in a row tweets.
Worked for Nixon and he was the consummate politician and a smart guy.

Good luck knucklehead!

So get your friends together and STOP THIS MADNESS
He's throwing our democracy OUT. Full stop. I'd vote for you in 2020 btw
Psst!  We're a Republic.
Details, Moob, details! Dems have NEVER worried about details before!
I suspect, if the Constitution called for an end to private property, or something else vaguely manifesto-ish, they'd be all over it.
Probably. My dad was from CA, Long Beach. He'd be so EMBARRASSED by what CA is now.
I'm told CA was once quite American.
Before the libs got a hold of it. Ronald Reagan was GOVERNOR of CA!
He was also the president of a college in Los Angles I think.
I'm referring to it as LOST Angeles now.
We are allowing this Unlawful, Criminal to throw our democracy into chaos! Why is He allowed to do these crimes? Never in a million years!
No one has  the guts to stand up to him, this is Trump supporters fault, the lefty Hillary Nay Sayers you know the usual jerks
I'm pretty sure that he does not have as much power as  thinks he does & he is allowing his ego to override his ASS
One of the bigger problems he has is he does not seem to know the limits of his powers.
Comey should have been fired by the Previous President last summer when he let Killary off the hook!
Like Loretta Lynch did?
She recused herself and had no part in firing the head of the FBI. What point are you trying to make?
Isn't that obstruction of justice? why isn't he charged!?
His blatant fear of investigation + cozying up to the Russians make his treason profoundly clear.
Then you Dems fight you are that we have...........
STOP LIEING THE FBI IS INVESTIGATING NOT COMEY THIS IS WHY YOU HAVE TO GO YOU CONTINUE TO LIE TO THE PEOPLE DO YOUR JOB STOP OBSTRUCTING
And McConnell is helping him.  Is Mitch compromised? Why would he actively impede justice despite massive public outcry? Investigate Mitch!
Well, it's amazing how the @TheDemocrats are so anti admin now, but they let a President do anything he wanted for the last 8 yrs.
Everyday the dems need to stand up in congress and ask Rs why they don't love their country
Trump is trying to fragment this country,to please Putin.He is an agent of disruption.
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE!
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE!
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE!
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE!
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE!
You liberals are throwing our democracy into chaos. Just cannot stop pouting about losing majority. #getreal
Senator we need some patriotic R's to do the right thing.  This is out of control.  I trust you.
One more nail. One more foot of rope. 
Yes he is. Stop him! You & other Democrats need to do something other than talk about it.
Congressional Dems must bring all work in congress to a halt until a special prosecutor is appointed
Because if there's one thing we can count of faux #libertarians to do is stick their heads up their asses and ignore all the evidence
Thanks for proving my point about faux libertarians. Your reply is Exhibit A
Nonsense. Comey is gone, the investigation is not. Maybe you weren't told, but these things are done by teams of investigators, not 1 person
What are you going to do about it?
Please file articles of impeachment. The longer you wait, the worse it gets. We'll soon be under #RussianMartialLaw. #impeachTrumpnow #Peace
All these politicians play games!!! They tweet and complain and then go out to dinner together!
Bring on the tapes. Get this done.
And what are you going to do about it aside from talk and tweet?
Then you need to stop him today. Vote to restrict 45's power, esp. involving an investigation into his corruptness. Sessions, too.
This usually only happens in countries like Russia.Wont the director of the FBI know he is going to be fired too if he does not play ball .
Wher does this leave democrasy in the Russian American government.
He's trying his best to cover up his problem. Only someone guilty would do what he's done!
Kristen fire tRump.  He is corrupt and will do many illegal things. Now is the time to start impeachment proceedings.
He doesn't care about our democracy.
And you are trying too shut down the government. Instead of working for the American people you ate simply working against Trump.
About starting to investigate the Clintons and anyone associated with them ...you crying hypocrites
Trump is all that really matters, to Trump! GOP just happy to be in the majority, only a few will put country first.
Call for special prosecutor and let's get to the bottom of it.
the investigation has been going on 4 a good part of a yr n there is not a "smidgen" of evidence that Trump or his campaign w/colluding w/Ru
Not at all. Comey is incompetent and needs to be replaced
How disgusting our elected people but worse, citizens are blinded by hatred
So shut down all legislative work until SP is appointed. We cannot give the obstructionists any room or reason to believe they got away w/it
Just get out ms Gillibrand
Trump created thousands of jobs and opportunity for many, you and chuck take from those who trump put to work
Not so
He may have learned this from Andrew Cuomo
We demand an Independent Council!!
Whoops, Counsel...
If you were as good a senator as you are an epic Twitter whiner, you would be the best Dem senator in US history.
like someone losing a board game so they throw it off the table.... usually a child
As long as Republicans control Congress little chance they'll stop Trump's autocratic power grab. D's have to take back the Congress in 2018
With respect Senator, you need to bring Comey now to lead an Independent Commission and continue his investigation, who better, take advtg.
He doesn't care about our country or people only himself very sad!
#LockHimUp  and make sure to get your veges in b/c we are counting on you, Senator!
What democracy?
Finally a president with balls...you people are falling into Russia's plan... showing them how to tear apart our republic
Fix it!
Giggle. Snowflake senator
Please! Hire that investigator ! For the sake of our democracy!
please continue to do your part in bringing him down. We do not need Russian puppets being the primary public face our nation
GIVE HIM THE CHAIR.......SCUMBAG!
So is Mitch McConnell and EVERY Republican
Go get 'em, Senator. The people of New York STILL want an independent commission to investigate this whole sorry mess!
What a ridiculous statement.
Journalist have! They forward EVERYTHING to FBI & others
We need the Independent investigation desperately!
THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU! 

Whyever would he do that? It's not as though he has anything to hide, right?
"...TO Try to Shut Down Investigation"
The investigation into Russian influence is a small part of what the larger investigation should be, that of CORRUPTION!
Special prosecutor now
Please let's get a "special" prosecutor not a trump stooge!
FLIP HOUSE SENATE BLUE 2018! ••Start•• by pouring everything into GA6 special election! •••ELECT OSSOFF•••
Hey #InTrumpWeDontTrust
Please stop this dictator from destroying our Democracy!
Hey Senator puppet lady, Did Chuck provide you with any additional talking points overnight?  I could use a laugh this morning
Let's hear about some of the things you're doing today besides throwing out unsubstantiated tweets
Last time I checked, the director serves at the pleasure of the POTUS. 
Stop being an alarmist politician. 
The sky isn't falling.
And the Senate is going to need to stand up and show integrity. We need a fair and true investigation. @GOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats
You're just trying to throw crap at Trump cuz that's about all you're good at.
did you not hear clapper say there is no evidence on russia connection. Putin said same thing. Move on and worry about NY.
When are the people in charge going to step in & stop the bullshit ?
It's so in our face frightening how bold 45's actions r Chaffetz et al aiding him @ every turn
Then DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!
What will you do about it?
We need to push for a special prosecutor so the truth comes out and that cheeto can be impeached. Call and write your representatives.
And Congress is standing by letting him!
Keep up the good work Senator. #thankyou.

ChicanaForum and Border Council slam Gilli fake wmn for wmn mythology! Over 10k border rapes/Femicides involving children-Ignores MexAm 
Wherever you are@ noon tomorrow go outside & resist by protest!
#EnoughEvidence
#MakeArrestsNOW
#PROSECUTE
#TREASON
#COLLUSION
#HeIsNotLegit
Senator, please push for an independent investigation on Russian interference. Thank you! #Resistance
Trump is taking away USA democracy!!!!
Please fight hard.
He's trying to shut down the country
@tkdmike 

And that turmoil will eventually leak into US economic activity.  When that happens, the people will revolt.
Truth will find away!
Independent prosecutor now. Constitutional crisis looming. No one in US is above the law; no one. wed is big day for dems in US Senate.
So make bipartisan effort to do something about it. @SenJohnMcCain @SenFeinstein @SenJoniErnst @SenKamalaHarris @SenSanders #Protect&defend
@ylianova 
The whole Comey fireing smacks and stinks of Steve Bannon
The entire Congress must band together for America and oust the entire Administration and bogus election results.
Our President has committed an impeachable offense, do something
**misspells Kristen
But verified?
Hi my name is Philip but it's spelled Phrolup. That's what the name Kirstin is like to me.
Why is the #1 action right now not calling for impeachment?   Impeach him then finish investigation to put him away!
This chaos is called a constitutional crisis. @tribelaw
The Bannon doctrine in action
and slowly dissolving Democracy - key
Impeach The Liar-In-Chief Impeach The Liar-In-Chief Impeach The Liar-In-Chief Impeach The Liar-In-Chief Impeach The Liar-In-Chief
Brava, courageous Senator Gillibrand!
Really? So, usually the incoming administration brings in their own people.  These are political appts
But who is going to stop him?
#FBIDirector As far as Trump is concerned, if it's unethical or illegal..... he be like...
Congress needs to come to a full STOP. No more business as usual- there is a #traitor in the WH & he's launching one hell of a #Coverup
Please call for a special prosecutor!
Do Not let it happen. PLease!!!
Will you enlist some Senate Republicans to work w/Democrats to set up an independent commission to investigate?
@DearAuntCrabby yes he is. Now what??  I'm sufficiently anxious
Independent commission
Thank you. I agree. What are you going to do to stop this?
Now young people who said "Oh Nixon, he wasn't that bad" can now live it themselves...
2 days ago your colleagues were calling to charge Comey w perjury.
In the meantime what intelligence is being leaked out of the WH now to the Kremlin with or without the "useful idiots" knowledge?
Please, Senator, call for an independent investigation. Our nation needs you. History is watching.
He's testing our democracy. Just like Nixon did. Now's not the time for hyperbole.
The whole United States agrees with you now someone of power has to step up and stop him we can't you guys have to
Make.
It.
Stop.

Please!

Be Super Woman.

#TheResistance  #Impeach45
Thank you for speaking out. I'm a New Yorker and I want you to fight for our democracy.
People get fired all the time for not doing their job. ?? is, will Dems b happy or sad he got fired? Will probably make their heads hurt.
How can we help? #resist #persist
country over party #SpecialProsecutor
Get us a special prosecutor!
The snowflakes are trying to start a snowstorm in May 
And that's why we need incredibly strong, courageous, and TRULY PROGRESSIVE PEOPLE like you leading us.
Treason!! #impeach
You are a United States senator. What tangible steps are you going to take preserve our democracy?
Thank you. FINALLY! Enough of these bullshit dem sens tweeting. WE NEED YOU TO USE CHECKS & BALANCES 2 get rid of them!!
Just to clarify, by "get rid of them," I hope you mean the current administration
Yes!!!!! Fraud, ethics violations, Russia. I wish they'd stop tweeting and start doing!!!
Another lie. 
We are so tired of you Senate liars. All of you.
No faith in our Reps.
First Comey got Trump elected and he needed to be fired. Now that he's been fired, he shouldn't have been fired. Stop this ride. I want off.
its a power grab and the beginning of a coup. pls DO SOMETHING NOW
@GOP @GOPoversight @FreedomHouseDC @WaysandMeansGOP @housebudgetGOP @realDonaldTrump VOTE OUT! Independent investigation needed Russia & DT!
Trump is great person..
Who has the authority to appoint a special prosecutor and why hasn't it been done yet?
I think it's only McConnell...and he says it's not needed.
And Congress is aiding, abetting, and giving comfort to the enemy.
We must be clear: It's the Repub Congress. Rs are aiding &abetting treason. Ds are standing up 4 democracy. @SenGillibrand
Forget "trying" and use the words republicans are shutting down the investigation. That is the truth
Don't let him!  INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR
Kirsten please tell everyone about the good old days and the upstate politics you are very familiar with. A vote in exchange for $5.00 ?
Talking the talk!
A special prosecutor and independent commission must be appointed NOW to complete the Russia Investigation. #SpecialProsecutorNow
Had Hillary fired him in the same fashion? You would applaud. You're a hysterical fraud.
Democracy in U.S. has been over for months, face it. Chaos has been normalized.
You MUST fight him every step
And TRAITOROUS 114th CONGRESS is ALLOWING IT! Where are CHECKS&BALANCES? They always go out the window when REPUBS in WH. YOU RWers ARE FKD
Please have your colleagues put Country over Party!
Yougotta get a life!!!! 
Same to you, Traitor  lover
No, you're the communist
I didn't vote for the socialist, voted Cruz, you voted for The Democrat in RINO'S clothing
Cruz never had a chance. It was either Trump or open borders  and more Islam in the US if I voted for Clinton.
I voted for the Truth and Honor
He wasn't on the Election Ballot. If you didn't vote Trump you either didn't vote at all or you voted Clinton.
There is no investigation and only unsubstantiated allegations. Shameful behavior from a Senator.
