Just like Mulvaney...
Mulvaney is an EVIL LEPRECHAUN and someone should step on his ass or better yet trap his ass and make him take u to his stash!!
Even an EVIL leprechaun is still degrees *higher* than Mulvaney - or any other neo-Republican, for that matter.
Then we go with squashing him!!!
#Trumpcare will put medically fragile kids like mine at higher risk for death or institutionalization
'At just 8 years old, she is the strongest human being I know' — this mother wants to protect her daughter from Trumpcare 
And yet they all claim to be good Christians - clearly it's only if they directly benefit
Straight from Paul Ryan's extremely loving  Christian heart to the backs of Veterans, children, poor!
45 is immoral and heartless so hardly surprising.
This is their attempt to "thin out the herd" by sacrificing the sick, poor & vulnerable. Inhuman. History does NOT forget.
How big must the debt be before you say enough? Does the debt not matter? If not say so.
Just like him.
People who've never had the will to improve their situation in life should not be allowed to live free off the government.
Did you even read it?
He just wanted to say he submitted a budget.  Whatever form it takes he can say: :Hey, I submitted the budget I promised.
Whatever form the final budget takes, he can blame others for screwing it up.
Since you chose healthcare as a universal issue and a need for government to cover it since 1988,even these US Citizenship brochures are ???
it's a great budget pay attention to your constituents Christine
Is increase in number of food banks in a country proportional or  inversely  proportional to ethical standards and values of a government?
@LesBowen surprises no one
We *know* that Kirsten. What steps will Dems take to stop it?
Exactly like our president!
Unacceptable. #FightOn , and thank you.
No what's immoral is the person at the checkout in front of me purchasing 100 dollars of seafood on a benefit card while we clip coupons
Where is your alternate budget?
You operated your entire time in the Senate w/o a budget. You don't get to complain.
Stop being a chronic complainer. Did you offer any input or did u sit around do nothing and launch a pre writen tweet?
@QueenofSpain @nytimes I like how you idiots think somewhere in the Constitution it says you have to be nice. Try working!!
@QueenofSpain @nytimes Good, now the inner city libtards can suck the teat of the gubbament!! Whine some more libtards.
Distribute US poverty and healthcare approach all over the world ?
So is the GOP
Emphasis on immoral. Thank you Senator.
No where near enough cuts! People need to get off their ass and get jobs support theirselves
And the have the nerve to call it "A New Foundation for American Greatness" when it diminishes what we stand for.
How much taxpayer money is spent printing this garbage before it's even read, voted on, or passed?   What a waste!  It's DOA anyway.
Immoral? What about continuous tax increases, that's not? 
Please protect public service loan forgiveness!
Are they cuts to existing budgeted amount or reduced expenditure increase requests?
What is truly immoral & heartless is borrowing from your kids future to pay for your re-election handouts. Stop borrowing our kids $.
Wanna help? Vote NO!
Oh shut up please, tax and spend NY pandering liberal
You haven't read it, how can you judge?  Did chuck tell you to say this again.  There are no cuts, do you understand baseline budgeting?
Never heard of you.
Fight this budget. Vote no.
It is so immoral and heartless you would think Hillary came up with it.
Just like the party who proposed it. Craven.
What's your thoughts on the murder of #sethrich ?
I missed doing this for a few days. Here it is: Gillibrand 2020
What did you expect from the Deplorable in Chief?
It's 2% worse than Obama's which were 2% worse than Bush's which were 2% than Clinton's... all the way back to Carter.
 These are 1%'s cuts
We the people, who ultimately pay the bills, are entitled to the exact same health coverage congress gets.
It's called balancing a checkbook..I have to do it, why shouldn't the government?
Not unlike @realDonaldTrump himself.
So is its author.
And ur team illegally seizing 21k Delphi pensions was moral & heart-full? PLEASE stop the political BS. How do u live with yourself? Hello?
Would a conspiracy of plutocrats and megacorps,
paid by our sworn enemies,
to destroy our value and strip our assets,
look different ?
end the federal reserve then.
Wonder if GOP legislators who believe healthcare isn't a basic human right could say that to the face of a dying poverty-stricken child.
Keeping Americans reliant on welfare with job and economy killing policies to ensure votes is immoral.
What was the cost for printing the proposed budget?
Correct. Don't mind. Why Trump is acting like this. Other correct on. Is like Trump is never given up over a building a wall / Mexico &
Texas border & more stuff. Saying. Opinion only. What wrong with Trump. It about ''' building a wall on Mexico / Texas border & more. Saying
Living up to the Trump name!
How about running for POTUS next cycle and taking a flame thrower to everything Trump has done?
Kirsten, make it your platform to scourge & undo everything Donald Trump does, and you will get 100M votes.
Not for the #conservative #gop They're all about taking from the poor & helpless & giving to the #rich. Let's help get them out of office!
.@SenGillibrand It is your stewardship of NY State that is immoral. It’s time for you to step down and let someone with skills do the job.
Immoral and heartless? Ins't that the slogan for the @GOP?
just like anything  about  trump!
As is its authors, and supporters - if they're not bein' duped.
