Hang on everyone, her we go with the libs saying grandma is again going over the cliff. Did she climb back up?
Weren't you a Death Panel panicker several years ago?
That is commonly referred to as the govt control of supply and demand.....i.e. Socialistic economy / medicine. Free market is the answer.
Bull.  Socialism is govt ownership. Soc'ism & communism were remedies to cap oppression.  What works & in Constit is regulated capitalism.
What works is the Constitution of the Fed would not get Greedy with power and money.
So THE PEOPLE AT THE WOMENS MARCH?  Attn facebook memes about "what are these women marching for we have it so great"
I don't think you understand me. I'm saying women KNEW this is what this admin was about, taking away rights. So they marched.
And came homes to facebook memes questioning how silly we were to complain.  And now it happens as we said.
The Repubs are gutting health care for millions and designing a system to favor themselves. # using govet tp do this
AHCA favors wealthy males. That is the Repub party. They  live off of everyone else's backs. Trump is no different. Fundamentally wrong.
Help!!
as opposed to all middle class, middle aged,middle income who have been suffering under ocareDO YOUR JOB WORK WITH POTUS
Haha, work w/ POTUS? POTUS is going along, he's screwing you too.
only people getting screwed are the idiots that believe the bs by msm and the liberal lunatic losers
The bill is no where close to what POTUS ran on, but guess you're good w/ that #readthebill
the bill hasn't even gone through the Senate it's a 3 part bill so your assumptions are just that.
Duh. Tweet talks, about HOUSE BILL, not final, but we know @HouseGOP  likes what they passed & believe in it.
anything is better than the garbage lie known as obamacare just as useless as the fraud it's named for.
Agree ACA must be improved. This is not that. Many going down in #TrumpRussia this is going nowhere.
you also forgot the disabled...
Yep. Us too. And probably we'll suffer the most if they also take food stamps, research and social services funding away in budget.
That's most of us.
If only you based your claims on facts...#liar #hypocrite I liked my plan, I wanted to keep my plan
Hi NYer here. Please remind media that while all eyes focused on Russia, GOP Senate plans to try ramming through AHCA. Please stop them.
The Orange Skull and his HYDRA Administration are Destroying Our Great Country, Impeach TRUMP and  discard the Rest..
Mysteriously, anyone who may vote democrat.... how odd
I'd say that's a fair amount of Trump supporters,  I mean #Trumpfucks
Many many voters for @realDonaldTrump!
At this time everyone is suffering from the incoherencies and nonsense of Donald Trump!
#ImpeachTrump
Just read polls....vast majority of Americans don't like @GOP healthcare bill.
#rememberNovember2018 We must put some Democrats back into Congress! Anybody can run against Collins at this point.
Children.
And medically fragile, special needs, developmentally delayed children and adults. My son is one. His life has value!
but then why DON'T you and DNC support #adoptadistrict and iniatives like it? All we hear is Dem infighting. Unity tour is a crock.
@EdwardBGuerra3  Far more than half the population will be vulnerable.
And most importantly people with disabilities who probably need it the most
Know who is suffering the most under the Dems. Illegal seizure of Delphi pensions? Women, older Americans, low income Americans. & you say?
Shill!
#SethRich #BernDownTheDNC #BernDownTheEstablishment
Human beings in general. Does it really matter who would suffer more? Seems to me that our Electeds are supposed to help us not suffer.
Pretty much everyone but the upper 1% of the "boys club." Please keep up the fight Senator, we appreciate it! #realNYer #basichumanrights
Wake up Americans. Ryan Trump health care hurts senior citizens, low wealth and women. They give tax breaks to wealthy.
All of the above.
Most of us?

Behind You!  Kill the Trump Tax-Cutting DeathCare
Imagine if you're all three...what does that say about a system that allows people to be discriminated in such a cruel manner? #resist
Wrong. Wrong. Wrong.   Read the bill!
And the tax payers suffered suffered under the obama care act, welfare recipients, illegals and muslims were the only that coul use it.
Poor old women - our mothers and grams.
Sen Gillibrand how do you know these outcomes especially since OBAMACARE is in the sewer and the SENATE hasn't even started reviewing AHCP
Thank you for speaking truth, Senator. Americans are lucky to have an advocate like you. #futureisfemale
And please don't forget Disabled Americans. #CripTheVote
Do you support MedicareForAll funded by dedicated BAT (replacing CorpIncTax)?
Tell the GOP if Trumpcare (in whatever final form) is good enough for all of us...it is good enough for ALL of Congress!  No Exemptions!
Disabled Americans 
Middle class is suffering under Obamacare! Many took the fine because they can't pay the premiums! You all need to work together!
Not true......you are fear mongering.....political hack.
stop the BS 
@JillKempCreate ehat else is new? POTUS must go! He is out clearly out of control. Irrational. Dangerous.
The @GOP and @realDonaldTrump wouldn't have it any other way
We the people, who ultimately pay the bills, are entitled to the exact same health coverage congress
Shit! I'm all three! And I'm gay!!!! I'm screwed for sure...
I'm a 61 year old dem women in great health, I'm already suffering. Let's fix it!
Wow. I'm three for three here.
So, Americans is what you're saying.
I am two of those three
The Dems have to find ways to block it from getting to the floor.
What health bill?  It's a tax reform bill in disguise.
how so?
The Republican Party is the enemy of the American people. Somebody please State the obvious!
Not the job of the Fed to provide Health care.  It is not a right!  They are not rights if it requires something of others.
... Internet nor are inclined to use it. Dem Party seriously needs to consider PSAs run on conservative media bc message isn't getting out
.@SenGillibrand I live in a conservative red state. Many seniors are COMPLETELY unaware of #Trumpcare 's impact. They can't afford ->
And those with disabilities!  It will affect not only our health but in many cases our ability to live independently as well!
Absolutely untrue!
Until White Men suffer there will be nothing done. They are a species that needs ambulatory care for a paper cut.
Stop with the identity politics! 

(sarcasm for those who read everything literally )
And babies ! The majority of cuts are going to bankrupt seniors, women AND kids. You're average single income white guy? Will be FINE
Many baby boomer seniors are only dependent on safety net programs due to the last GOP Admin Deregulation Enron pensions anyone? S&L fails?
The people who were so hurting for work they voted for Trump will be hit hardest by this bill. #TheResistance #HealthCareForAll
Obama was right. They are getting the government they deserve. When you don't vote for America's best interest, you get selfish politicians.
I hit all 3 bracelets.  A trifecta of hurt.
Know who would benefit? Top 1% get tax cuts. Top .1% gets thousands. Top 25 families $7m. Not a policy or position, it's political payback
Since when you can make your words real lul
Of course white GOP women will their own subjugation so Dateline never runs out of material for quicky 1st wife "divorces" UGH
a great many of them -- Trump voters because you see illness doesn't care who you voted for.
@SenateDems oh so basically people that aren't them
Children
Can u prove this? U have no facts. Fear mongering! Remember u supported if u like ur doctor & ur plan u can keep it. That was a lie.
Do not believe!
Guess what Senator? We suffered with the Democrats too! It's time to get a party for us, and not just a sham party!
And the disabled. Children at home and at school (Medicaid funds educational supports), adults needing supports at home&in community...
That is most of us hard working tax paying patriotic citizens, who will suffer. Fight for us
But not comfortable white guys - who do we want to be as a country?
I was thinking everyone but the very rich
Three groups of people the House Republicans don't care about
Really?  Please explain.  Are you trying to say people who use the care the most shouldn't pay more?  Why not?  This isn't Canada!  #Radical
What is ur solution to the failing . ACA?
You're "completely accurate," as usual, Senator! Thank you for your sensitive & sensible advocacy!!
The very people it should be designed for.

Proud you are fighting so hard for us thank you!
“But I'm a young, college-educated male!  I'll be fine!”

So your parents are wealthy, and you don't plan on having a wife or kids?
Minority's too...
Shocker!
Will you be covered by the same health care plan as the rest of us?
These are the types that bitch about everything. I love #Trump plan, best for America. #DumpGillibrand
@DonnaFEdwards Just the way the GOP likes it. At least they're consistent. Awful.
Women are suffering now over ridiculous practices of regulating birth control.  Many forms should be over the counter.
And you are going to list these facts - somewhere?
You are spot on. Please find a way to bring the GOP to the center.
Let's cut that down a little more : most Americans
You gotta give me time to guess.
I'm a low-income, 64yo woman IN TEXAS, which makes it a clean sweep.
So, old poor women are screwed...
You forgot to say how AHCA will hurt women and poor. Shouldn't you cite the section then offer amendments to fix it?
"We know" but do "they know"? Both sides of the aisle need knowledge, good old American values, even trust each other and listen to people.
Don't forget those who take care of them.
(and Republicans, but they don't see it)
and all of Americans under socialized medicine dems began with ocare.
Three out of three. SMH
You forgot chronically ill.
Who cares? Get rid of the old, sick & poor. And only keep enough young girls for men's entertainment. And enough poor to service the rich.
Basically, the most vulnerable
You left off children. They're the other human shields you leftists like to hide behind.
Yes we know. What're you gonna DO about it?
That's always the GOP agenda.
I'm a caregiver 2 a person who is financially stable. So I feel for the homeless seniors. Some have their walkers with them panhandling.
Stop with the BS! Obama Care is failing, and something has to be done now to replace it before it blows up. The Bill was only a first step!
My rates went up, and will continue to clime unless something is done. My insurance carrier told me that my rates went up because of ACA.
Could be worse, these people could have a VA system that regularly ignores issues to facilitate quick death.
Dems lied thru their teeth to sell Obamacare. They have NO credibility on the issue now. You need to stop lying.
#wethepeople know truth and your not truthful @SenGillibrand @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats your #FakeRepresenative you represent criminals
Seniors r struggling with their income with housing, food & meds. There is a homeless senior I see on the way 2 work.
Women - more if them than men. Older Americans - a big % of populationand a large block of voters who vote. Low-income - fast growing pop.
Is it done yet an sugned into law? No!
And the permanently disabled, regardless of age or income.
As opposed to how well they are treated now??? Medicare costs have risen since obamacare started, no libs shouting about that!
Exactly the demographic @GOP wants to go away.
Hey buttercup, maybe you missed the outcome of the last election & the demographics of the voters
Add people with disabilities to that list.
we know this already so how has the bill made it thus far?
On the bright side, at least u have lots of older, white male conservative Senators to #mansplain the details. ::: huge eyeroll :::  #resist
Or as the Republicans call them: the Freeloaders of America.
Yikes I'm all 3
The people least able to fight back, take the fight to these dispicable crooks.  We cannot allow them to hijack our government.
On the current course, a temporary problem.  This caotic insanity cannot continue for long.  This corrupt, inept orange ass will not last.
Those are the ones they want to get rid of, though. The purge they intend to happen.
Everybody but those pale old white guys running the show
No more suffering needed with HRC coming to Save the Day!!!
Here u go again. We women don't need another women to lie about our healthcare.U don't stand up for womens family on high deductible$$!
I guess you mist the part of Macarthurs amendment then..........readings hard for some.
Thank you for standing up for everyday people @SenGillibrand!
Well, if anyone knows what a disastrous health care bill looks like, it would be you and your clueless Dem friends who lied to pass ACA.
Many of us have known this for weeks...Trumpcare 2 is as evil as Trumpcare was. You seem late to realise this!
or in a nutshell....anyone who is not rich, unlike those that wrote the bill! Obamacare needs to be improved not entirely repealed! #Idiots
It's BYOC time, Sen.Gillibrand. Bring Your Own Chair. March into that gaggle of 13 old white men,stake your space and make this right.
The list of who it benefits is incredibly short , the Very Rich!
And the disabled. #specialneedskids
Yes. I am all three.
Everyone but the 1%.
Care to share who is suffering the most under Obama care??
Gosh, certainly not the millions of people who have health care and didn't before.
They may have access to it, but most can definitely not afford it.
Source on "most"? Or is it straight from FOX news? The 10-12 people I know on ACA saw premium rises -- but would LOSE coverage under Trump
What good is coverage if you can't afford to use it.
See, though, they still have it. But wouldn't under Trump care. All so America's richest can have slightly higher piles of treasure.
ACA is not great. But Trumpcare is a horror show. Do you really think women who were raped should be denied coverage? The disabled? My son?
My son.
I sat down this morning to eat the best chocolate cake and read @realDonaldTrump tweets #AndTrumpsNotTweeting
