@SenStabenow i want to see Donnie's tax returns!!!
This is the answer to how Trump falls, locked up in his own entanglements and scamming #TreasonousTrump
#ElectoralCollege #donthecon
23 Democrats had nothing else to do...
Upon taking oath, DJT will be in violation of Art I Sec 9 & Art II Sec 1 of the Constitution. This is far from nothing
If the congress does not follow the Constitution can we just put our taxes in bank  and hold till they do?
Show us noe copy of similar letter to Jimmy Carter about his peanuts pantaton business
Glad you agree we should hire a special prosecutor to investigate Trump's business. Very sensible point
2 bad U did not pay closer attention to the holdings of the Clinton Foundation and the prostitution of SOS office
not only will he keep them, he will make billions off this Presidency!
@SenStabenow 
Please stay on this!  McConnell is pushing for investigation to remain in committee control - i.e. GOP.
@Mindlessrobot37 
Please if all Democrat defeated purpose.
If Republican, he is exempt and will flaunt fact.
He will Reign.
where the h*ll are the other 77?
23 morons....
@SenBobCasey Real Estate is very hard to divest and takes a long time to sell.  Assets will not interfere with his Presidency.
Signing this letter is congressional members' Patriotic Duty & Key Responsibility if they are to serve our country with Honor.
All members of congress should sign the letter. A matter of conscience. Trump can relinquish the presidency if he chooses.
are they crazy?Where does it say a man has 2B broke 2B president. We knew he had business, he is not crooked HRC, we trust him
divestiture does not mean donation. He keeps the money. He's a magnet for impeachment via emoluments clause
diversify means giving up his business what's he supposed to do after out of office rebuild his whole business
Yeah, that is exactly what he should do. He's the one who wanted the job, constitution applies to HIM TOO
he basically volunteer for the job.He decline salary. Like it or not we needed a non profess politician in office
sadly, he's going to milk this country, and the average American will pay. You have a nice day.
only time will tell but why does he need to milk the country he could have sat back and kept the laws demo passed.
PS: Thank you for your very cordial and polite conversation. Truly appreciated. Have a lovely night.
@jslaternyc where are the rest? Are they ok with his many conflicts of interest?
LOL. The hypocrisy of your tweets are 2nd to none... Are you that mentally ill?
should give senators a message from Middle American! We knew about Trump's real estate when we voted for him. It's ok with us!
you do realize that it is against the Constitution for Trump to be doing that right?
you are wrong. As long as he is not collecting bribe from foreign governments he is fine.
he is because he has business overseas so that is enough.
again wrong. Only anti-constitution if (1) it is government personnel, (2) if it is a "bribe." Additional, congress can waive.
read @EmolumentClause in Constitution
.. Trump is in violation of the Constitution. The electors must reject him.
Oh.....right....better find your safe space there little snowflake.
Why doesn't Trump liquidate his assets? Maybe he's so crippled in debt he can't afford to
Should be signed by all members of Congress.
He can't. Simply put, he's underwater. Busted. Broke.
Grow up.  We have bigger issues than Trumps holdings. Like all the gratuities/jobs between congress and lobbyist
he has to give up his DC hotel, its in the lease, says he can't hold office and lease the building at the same time! Choose!
jealousy is such a distance to rock the emotion. ABC and the people that work there are pathetically jealous.
You can send all the letters you want He will not answer
Why? Who cares, he owes no one.
@Honey17011 Have the Trumpkins realize what's going to happen if Trump doesn't follow the steps in this letter? Impeachment
@SenBobCasey The real story here's about the maj of Senators who are NOT doing their job and have NOT signed this letter!
77 don't bother... @ABCPolitics @Trumpnado2016
tell you what. if all members of CONGRESS sell all they own, then TRUMP should to. Walk the talk congress.!
@s_rsantorini630 If only they would sign a petition for him to not take office
@s_rsantorini630- Only 23? I guess the other 77 need the money from his businesses?
@Cat_McParland just 23?  All 100 should be concerned about this.
That would be fine if the LAW stated that he had to.
Why didn't they ask Hillary to return $ to rogue donor countries ? Divest of Clinton Foundation
@HopeRehak y not all of them ??
@SenStabenow Libs and Rhinos
I think this horse has already left the corral. DJT is already out of his businesses before inauguration...
Thank you, Senator Stabenow!
@NormEisen @realDonaldTrump 
Letter schmetter, trump could care less and nobody enforces the laws he openly breaks.
whay about his taxes?
What a waste of ink and paper.
@toshea66 That's it?
@VoteHillary2016 the problem is it is impossible to divest from 500+ closely held LLC's not corps. Can't afford tax bill also
About time!
because i didn't know what divestment meant: http://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/divestment.asp …
https://www.facebook.com/LOOKER.pets/videos/345407375816749/ …
Just 23? @ABCPolitics @Pennie_Bennie
Good luck with that. He's the president..... the new nixon. Laws? what laws?
democrats are nothing but a bunch of liars and sore losers
Ah Democrats. You lost. Get over it. Stop being sore losers and fix your own party. You are a mess.
not really they are just asking him to follow the Constitution.
Where in the Constitution does it say that he must divest his business holdings?
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ineligibility_Clause …
The Ineligibility Clause only means he can't hold more than one elected office at the same time. Your citing of that is incorrect
no it's for taking money from foreign governments which he does because his company makes money from government ran businesses.
Incorrect. He's not taking it. His company does.
nope correct because the money his company makes ends up in his pocket so in the end he is the recipient.
and anyone really expects him to do that?
@ThisWeekABC news flash...Trump tells 23 senators to go F themselves
Good luck with that, his business is a NIGHTMARE. Read this thread:
1/ The Trump Org is NOT a corporation.
It is a mess of personally owned LLC's on Donald's personal income tax return.
@Newsweek 
morally bankrupt, #Trump needs to know that the American people will not b bullied. If no divestment Congress must impeach
Amen!
@RonWyden but how will we know? W/o taxes we won't know his entanglements. Demand transparency. Demand his taxes.
by saying on twitter that he POTUS is not legally bound by ethics rule he's trying to make his base grateful 4 any concession
@RonWyden have they sold all of their holdings?
Trump cancelled announcement today to meet with Kanye & sport stars. Doesn't plan on divesting or revealing taxes. Been played!
@RonWyden thank you, patriots.
they don't have to call upon him to do anything. He will do what the law says and more. @realDonaldTrump MAGA
@ThisWeekABC F__k them. DT will make the right decisions regarding his business empire.
Yes, he will make the right decisions to further his business empire. I agree 100%.
@deejay90192 It should be made mandatory for all of them to be briefed.
They will do anything to get coverage and liberal ABC News Politics will oblige them.  ANY wonder why media laughed at?
@deejay90192 It's 40+ now.
How many Republicans on that list?
Nearly all of whom are millionaires yet don't have to divest a thing.
.
.
FILL OUT THIS FORM TODAY
.
.
STOP THE TRANSFER OF POWER TO TRUMP
.
.
http://www.democraticleader.gov/contact-us/ 
.
.
sad that only 23 US Senators aren't ignorant fools. The other 77 were too busy transferring campaign funds to themselves
@SenBobCasey
So is it true that Democrats are not "accepting the results of the election"?? Lol....
Who cares. This is just stupid, but then Dems have proven they are Stupid sore losers.
@deejay90192 Needs to be more,unite!
@deejay90192 you know he's not at that office, they should have sent to NYC
@ThisWeekABC ....love to see if any of these senators/spouses/family divested THEIR "business holdings"
cane they do same kind of letter 2 EXPOSE Obama & dem's GENOCIDE SECRETES
New: 77 senators did not sign letter calling on Trump to divest his business holdings.
Sorting fact from rumor and speculation in what is known about Russia's electoral meddling.
The people must indulge all their jealousy and exhaust all the precautions against a #Trump 's  government

Makes me Sick to see the Republicans always  bending over the pressure  from the left.
Because the US Constitution is 'The Left' amirite? http://www.heritage.org/constitution/#!/articles/1/essays/68/emoluments-clause … Why do you hate the Constitution? @ABCPolitics
The stablishment alway pleasing the Leftists. Bunch  of Cowards.
@SenBobCasey this should be 100.
should be 270 to 538
@ThisWeekABC you know even if Trump says he turned his businesses over to his sons he's still going to be calling the shots
Id like to see how many of these senators have their own conflicts
http://insidertrading.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourceID=001580 …
Thank you @SenBobCasey

Pretty sad if you can only get 23 Dems to sign this letter!  What's Next?  His family should file for unemployment?
I wonder how many of these 23 Dems voiced similar concerns about the Clinton Crime Family Foundation during the campaign?
Why don't these clowns balance the FedGov books instead of constantly playing dirty politics. Professional payrollers.
and so it starts! Dems looking try try impeachment over DJT bring an business man then president!! Sad 4  we need to unite!!
Not going to happen. So sorry, hope you don't mind to terribly.  As we say in NYC..FORGET ABOUT IT.... Political hacks.
Only 23? That's pitiful, needs at least 60 to get anything done.
None of this is going to have weight until all GOP Senators are joining the call.
