I strongly oppose this last-ditch Republican effort to take away your health care. Would be terrible for #Michigan!
Instead of taking away your health care, Congress should pass the bipartisan #CHIP agreement to #Michigan kids and families!
This is the health care bill we should be passing before Sept 30th https://www.stabenow.senate.gov/news/stabenow-introduces-bipartisan-childrens-health-insurance-bill …
Thanks to all who have been speaking out tirelessly. We only have 10 more days to keep up the calls, messages and posts!
How exactly? Supporting ACA is breaking the backs of the middle class - its immoral!
Thank you @SenStabenow for looking out for us little people! Always there and always fighting!
We must invest in #primarycare  ppl with a #PCP spend 30% less on healthcare & for $1 spent on primary care we save $13 @HealthIsPrimary
I like your priorities Debbie! Thank you for staying focused on what's important to Michiganders.
Heard that the single payer train is running through Michigan, please hop on
Get on before the explosion...please
If the federal government got out of the way, that'd be a huge start.
Ahh...then you must be in favor or destroying Obamacare...a program that does the opposite...good to know
Single payer.
Bla bla bla how much is yours?
You havent done anything for Michigan, you do what Schumer tells you.
If you want to focus you might first start by uncrossing your eyes - by the way we all know saying is not doing
Single payer, Senator. It's overdue.
Please focus on Medicare for All as the end goal Madam Senator
Just ignore reality
get on board with single-payer
Is Kid Rock for real? Same people who voted for a con-artist/reality tv President will vote for a hick redneck!
If you are repeal and replace Obamacare nothing less!
please for the sake of millions of people and families vote down Trumpcare. Please vote down any tax breaks for the rich.
You need to require that they post the costs up front like everybody else has to.
MEDICARE FOR ALLMEDICARE FOR ALLMEDICARE FOR ALLMEDICARE FOR ALLMEDICARE FOR ALLMEDICARE FOR ALL
#MedicareForAll
Let us cross the border to Canada and get mess there while you fight for #MedicareForAll .

Unless of course you don't mean any of this.
#MedicareForAll

Simple as that. 

Get in board of get primaried. The days of a neutered left are over. We're watching.  2020.
Where've you been the last eight years?
Why didn't you do this then for Obamacare?
That's spelled s-i-n-g-l-e  p-a-y-e-r. Say it, @SenStabenow .
That focus should involve some very tough scrutinizing of Hospital systems, Insurance companies and Pharmaceutical companies.
My family appreciates your effort.
Thank you for fighting for us.
#MedicareForAll
Too bad you didn't think about that before you voted yes to Obamacare
Thank you
Why can't my 8 yo granddaughter get healthcare in Michigan? So screwed up! One year she gets it, the next year not.
What about supporting Sanders Medicare for all?
Then support @SenBooker 's bill on marijuana and stop taking #BigPharma money. It's easy!
#actionsspeaklouderthanwords
so whr have u been 4 the past 8 yrs ole debbie?
Like you did with Obamacare?
Really?With Bayer/Monsanto lining your pockets!  How can you fight insurance and pharm companies when you take $$from them!  #medicareforall
You have NO control over it and can only mess things up.  Get the hell out of the way.
Thank you for opposing Cassidy-Graham bill. It would be bad for #Michigan
Thanks for keeping up the fight. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Then back @SenSanders bill! We want single payer!
Thank you Senator!
You are focused on collecting $$ from lobbyists.  Hopefully someone that cares about Michiganders and not their wallet will unseat you!
And how does your Obamacare do that?
That should encourage more youngsters to enter medical school, deb. What do you attribute the current shortage of doctors to?
Being buried in student debt.
#MedicareForAll is the only way to get my vote
#MedicareForAll
But i thought aca took care of that.
Your verbiage is offensive, senator. Let everyone pay for their own insurance, starting with YOU senator.
The perfect way to get this started would be for you, Senador to pay your own health insurance and that of your staff. The American way
Replacing ACA would be a big help in that! Last few years have been a nightmare. Again I'm losing my insurance with ACA.
Democrats have proven they can't be trusted on healthcare
How?
Just loved the way you lowered my premiums by $2500 with Obamacare #thanksNOthanks
Thank you! Now fight back with the strongest and best option; #MedicareForAll
Since when? You're party ran on the universal HC for all and lost. What about your constituents that do not want govt in HC?
R U @chuckschumer's pet Yorkie because internal polls show you're unelectable? The only "Healthcare" you're interested in is SINGLEPAYER!
Thank you! Don't give up the fight!
Thank you!
