.@BillCassidy responds to Kimmel: "I'm sorry he does not understand." With new bill "more people will have coverage" 
cassidy is delusional if he thinks US doesn't know what a fraud he is
The US has a pretty spotty track record recently when it comes to not letting frauds and liars get their way.
Huge portion of voters 4 trumps were angry about Obama Care-I think they're just getting angrier-I  hope that anger gets trump out
A lot of lies were told by the GOP about the ACA. Also a lot of DEMs chose silence and personal gain vs challenging lies w/ facts.
The left has yet to say anything truthful
Correct and they are not blameless in the mess that we are in
I see nothing in your post slamming those that foisted this up in us
This is becoming a running joke because most of us heard the promise made and now the promise destroyed
Stop already. Tell the truth.
Yes and there is coverage for pre existing conditions but at a higher price that you may not afford.
A corrupt and incompetent government can  destroy a country.
@BillCassidy is a liar, and what he said was a lie.
Coverage of what?
None of them understand or want to. They still don't understand aca either. So don't apologize Bill. They just want their ideas& run with it
This is another GOP lie, the states can do what they want,pre-existing illness is not covered, depends on Gov.Take Graham Bill & shove it.
@BillCassidy If you are ever in Palm Beach let me know.  We can meet up so I can look you straight in the face and call you the liar you are
Such deceit
If only there was an independent arbiter that could work with congress, and given enough time, could help estimate how law would work? #CBO
Koch bros are behind bill
It's amazing how they keep lying.

Lies and more lies!
Cassidy is terrifying. He's lying through his teeth.
These Senators are outright lying
This is one of the most uninformed comments I have read today.  Name one procurement program & ur source for 1st year's cash flow 4 s-payer
Like people actually trust vox for any rational reporting. Only a moronic liberal believes vox.
Bill Cassidy will say anything so the GOP can give big tax breaks to the Donald Trumps. They don't give a dam about our health care !!!

How #Graham-Cassidy fails #JimmyKimmelTest States can opt out of requiring insurers to cover preexisting conditions & needed care #DoNoHarm
They are just blowing smoke ...
.@BillCassidy are corporate $$ so vital to u that you risk the deaths of your own citizens? @SenJohnMcCain @senrobportman @SenatorTimScott
American Hospital Association & American Nurses Association has come out against repeal-and-replace Obamacare Bill of #GrahamCassidy
What an evil pig. Wonder who he sold his soul to? Oh right, his donors the insurance companies. GOP cares for no one. I hope they enjoy hell
Why is anybody taking time to answer to a late night tv personality about his political commentary?
Ummm, that's not Analysis, that his rhetoric from a politician.
Oh, I think Jimmy Kimmel said the truth. #GrahamCassidyDeathBill will drop the elderly, children, & the disabled off in HC no-man's land.
If a state gets a waiver and stops covering all the important stuff, more people can get cheaper "coverage" that "covers" close to nothing
Sarah, you are an expert, please make this point: TV News babblers should not intvw pols about HC w/o an expert at hand to refute lies. Thx.
Someone should ask them if we the ppl paid them $450mil v $400mil from kochs, would they would do what was right for us. They do work for us
Remember - he's been exposed. He lies to your face.
yeah, 4 ft of dirt coverage over them
@JoyAnnReid @CNN This guy lies like a rug! Yes they can't get rid of preexisting conditions but they can charge high deductibles and costs.
GOP Senator Cassidy = LIAR
@Bill Cassidy @Louisiana : until you show all of America the "facts", you & the @SenateGOP 's are #lying simpletons! #We Are Fed Up!
Cassidy is a liar! Only interested in the tax cuts for his family and friends.
@NewDay @BillCassidy What we have here is a big, fat, fuuking liar. Republicans are liars. They've always lied and cheated.
(3) or working a low wage GD job trying to survive.BS! This is more Rich Repuke  BS! These slime balls know it is.THEY DON'T CARE ABOUT U!
Who determines what Is"affordable?" Insurance http://co.ceo ? Governors living in a mansion? Try living on a fixed income or (2)
More GD lies 2 cover his other lies.Same pathetic insincere smile though.Ask him what the F they mean by "affordable" coverage.(1)
More people will be covered. Ohh please. That's never been the GOP's intention or they would produce ONE Bill that actually does that.
GOP is hardcore lying, @SenRonJohnson was on with @chucktodd spouting every CONservative myth/lie on healthcare AND economics #MTPDaily
I think you could day "Sen Cassidy is making another bold faced lie and he knows it but figures he can fool his voters"
This man is a BOLD FACED !
To deny "lied to my face" @BillCassidy lies to everyone's face. No holds/lies barred in headlong race to harm ppl & get $$ for corp tax cuts
The willingness for these guys to go on TV and lie is astounding
The analysis occurred in the head of the crazy co-sponsor, which is worst place it could happen
so damn tired of @BillCassidy and rest of @gop hiding behind "people only oppose us b/c they aren't smart enough to understand" b-s
Myths v Truth #GrahamCassidy
Um, NO
Oh( I think Jimmy understands it very well.
In a state like Michigan who poisoned the city of flint and doing nothing to fix it..doubt they wont be looking for ways to pocket the $$
Why are they rushing this vote if it's so wonderful? If it's so wonderful they should want a cbo score to prove it's wonderful
@BillCassidy He knows that insurance companies can raise premiums 4 ppl w pre-existing conditions. As Senator do u have 2 worry about that?
Is the GOP that desperate or just plain cold,callous? Where do these people come from?
GOP lied about the ACA from the start. Have lied about their awful legislation from the beginning. They are just shameful!
Wow, a republican lied about the effects of their Obamacare replacement plan! I think I need to sit down for a minute.
He is just making stuff up. Why won't they let the CBO score it?
This man is lying!
How about a CBO to see who's correct in their statement?  #Wait4it
Repubs plan to “federalize” Medicare! THANKS FOR MAKING IT CLEAR. I expect we’ll follow the Aussies, etc. Y’know; folks in Commie countries.
There's Ayn Rand.  Doan forget her...
https://nyti.ms/2ybv0Ti  Graham: This is the choice for America. Socialism or federalism when it comes to your health care. Awesome, Sen. ...
And they continue to be shameless:
Well HELL, Sen. Cassidy. EXPLAIN IT TO KIMMEL--AND EVERYONE ELSE. Cuz we all thought, e.g., that failing to fund Medicaid would end coverage
The jury is still out as to whether Cassidy is ignorant of his own bill or just another cynical politician out to 'win' before the CBO acts.
That he's not allowing hearings & doesn't want CBO score says all that need be said abt what this Koch Bros bill will do to millions
He is either an idiot or a liar
Will they be able to access it though?
I think he's blinking out "I am lying" with his eyes. Over and over and over
@NewDay @BillCassidy @jimmykimmel @JimmyKimmelLive Facts don't matter
Cassidy is now lying to protect the lie he told on Kimmel. The guy is spineless. Guess it's a preexisting condition.
.@BillCassidy Shane on you, DOCTOR Cassidy.  Put the American people B4 party! @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SpeakerRyan
Dear @BillCassidy I'm sorry you don't appear to understand that LYING to the American people makes you the #swamp. And an asshole. 
An elitist comment, with zero facts to back it.
Many more would have coverage if those states simply expanded Medicaid
There's the rub. This bill will not see the full light of day because it would not survive in the full light of day.
Pretty sure he knows you lied to his face.
In other words, @BillCassidy lied to @jimmykimmel 's face & now he's doing the same to the rest of us. #SaveACA
"Potemkin" process - those darn Russians again!

A bill -- finalized yesterday, has not been scored, amendments not allowed, and 3 hours final debate -- should be viewed with caution.
Mechanisms for effectively calling politicians out on policy lies prior to implementation of the policy are weak to nonexistent.
CNN needs to do a better job of calling these clowns out for their constant lies about healthcare.
"Alt-Lies"
@BillCassidy DOESNT UNDERSTAND HIS OWN BILL! What a liar. This will be his life's legacy. FAILED: #JimmyKimmelTest And the morality one.
liar
Thinking here like Turner Diaries terrorists: after govt weakened, surge of entrepreneurship will make all rich enough to buy healthcare!

What Graham-Cassidy will do to people with pre-existing conditions, an issue long thought untouchable, is simply reprehensible.
GOP is immune to analysis and facts ... health care, climate change, immigration, and more
Hell, neither of these 2 clowns points out where Kimmel's wrong.
more people will have coverage........as the guys at the cemetery throw dirt on your casket! with gopdon't care you can rest in peace!
We don't understand how you can take are Medical insurance.
Pretty sure they're 50 states (and some territories) so why is he only referring to 3 of them? He has been paid off
@BillCassidy Prove it.
Bill Cassidy is Trump's propaganda puppet!!! Vote Cassidy n Graham out!
Part of the lie big lie often political orthodoxy
If only there was a Dept. to evaluate the finacial viability of legistlation...

Oh!  Wait.
Not much to choose between ignorance and outright lying
A

Lying liars who lie
@CNN giving @BillCassidy airtime to straight up lie about the horrible repercussions of his bill. He was barely challenged on his lies -wtf?

he stutters when he lies...
Such a big tell.
ALL politicians should have the same healthcare as every American! They are American? Someone smarter than me please make this happen?
.@BillCassidy 
#GrahamCassidy
Weapons of Mass Destruction - repeat repeat repeat = many people believe
Right now, the Republican Party is living in an alternate dimension.  Reality has no place in their minds anymore. 
Who are you going to believe Crazy Eyed Scary Guy or Jimmy Kimmel?
A CBO score would prove who's right- oh yeah, it's being pushed thru w/o a CBO score. That says something.
There he goes again. A lie wrapped up in another lie.
Hey Cassidy - why dont you get a CBO score so we can all understand how "good" it is???
Sadly, I'll miss your talk at VAHHS due to prior plans. So much to talk about!. Good article in WAPO re: VT
these grifters only use words to con the public, not to describe reality. What fun it is to live in the #PostTruthEra
Why does he lie and mislead?
It's called lying.
EvEryThiNg decent refutes it.

It's health scare, in time for Halloween.
This is gibberish. Eliminating the individual mandate doesn't lower premiums. How could it lower premiums?
This fuzzy logic is the main reason there is so much division beteen the two parties and the general public these days.
He's omitting the rest of his thoughts "as long as they can afford the outrageous premiums for their pre-existing conditions"
Yep. Same as saying every American has access to a Lamborghini.
In some people's definition- absolutely ;-)
But lying to constituents is so fun, Sarah! And a lot easier than writing good policy.
There's absolutely no way any rational person could look at Graham-Cassidy & think that MORE people will end up with care if it passes
Grounds for taking his MD license away. Do no harm.
Another Pinocchio . Sorry Senator, your nose is growing longer & longer.
@lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenCapito @senrobportman @JeffFlake  why rush w/out CBO score? Your constituents should matter. Vote NO
.@BillCassidy lies. If it is good, respect the process.
Um yeah thanks for your input but I think I will wait for more reputable sources
#CassidyLied
Lies, lies, and more lies.
He’s either incredibly stupid or lying.
Both
Liar.
He is calling out some GOP-led states that turned down Obamacare! What a cheap way of getting a point across.
I used to think lying, corrupt politicians with no regard to our fellow citizens was exaggerated. #naivenomore #Resistance
@BillCassidy needs to go on national tv, outline his plan line by line, then take qs from reporters/americans who preread the plan.
This is also true of the entire republican platform.
The 'Crime Family' understands they can engorge themselves on weak, fearful and/or uninformed minds
Bill Cassidy liar liar pants on fire !
hard to believe that he really believes that claim, I can see no strategic or tactical approach to get to that result
Yeah, Jimmy understands. Cassidy is a #liar
Plz America, know this - Whatever ur socioeconomic background, if you aren't a Koch Bro this bill will not serve your best interests.
I doubt it even serves THEIR interests. They just want to ensure they have politicians beholden to them and doing their bidding.
So true.
@BillCassidy what do *you* know that all major HC orgs, and all educated people don't?  What a despicable party (and I was R for 30 years)
So it's perfect Republican policy?
