. @SenStabenow Who will reelect this old whiff of swamp gas when shim's up for reelection, hmmmm? #HeeHawYou stink buddy 
If you are serious about fighting Trump, why did you approve Rick Perry?
the dems screwed themselves even before the convention don't run from different because you don't understand Bernie had  chance
You realize they don't want that...Mean S*& just want the country to fail as long as they get $$
@SenFeinstein @realDonaldTrump Older Californians like Dianne Feinstein should RESIGN from the US Senate !!! RESIGN FEINSTEIN !
Hypocrisy! If you were serious about bringing jobs home you'd stop following Schumer around. We need you to work for MI.
Debbie is a remora of the senate.
Poster Remora for Term Limits
Actually, a repeal of the 17th Amendment.
What's in it? More taxes to give to your Liberal Activist Groups like BLM? Give the LINK to the bill - or are you afraid?
Thank you Senator Stabenow for looking out for the working class families of MI. You are doing a great job and we appreciate it
never
196,587 more Michiganders unemployed since Stabenow took office.
Stabenow voted to raise taxes 150 times on Michigan families!
. @SenStabenow 220 likes 81 RT for a bill bought and paid by lobbyist - you must be proud -Aren't we all sick & tired of old hot swamp gas?
haven't seen much support from you, only obstruction for no good reason. Wondered what would happen when dems need cooperation
they are allowing foreign Steel two be used in Keystone Pipeline.Great Lakes voters are getting what they asked for.Pure hell!
pushed through a $969 billion bill that spends $25 million to study the health benefits of peas!

SHE SUPPORTS GOVT WASTE!
. @SenStabenow if you & all other #jackass #DNC were serious about helping US you'd get off your collective hands and support @POTUS #HeeHaw
he would never support only because a dem you know they (conservative) only see their way or its no way
Confirm Judge Gorsuch Now! 

Michigan Voter.
yes!
Vote NO on Gorsuch! Don't let DT decide SC for years when he will impeached very soon. Garland was next in line. Do your duty.
It's a shame u had no support on this till we elect a President that isn't politically correct! & cares about the people
that's some people's president isn't it? Oh yes forgot that the Muslim ban is only on about 10%. And dreamers stay
I'm just glad you made a bill.  I need politicians working for the people and not themselves!  This is a good sign
stop posing for pictures with Chuck Schumer and get to work.  Work with President Trump and knock off the BS or resign!
but instead you dems took that chance away and backed Clinton look what happen we got jackass president thanks
@POTUS @MIGOP SUPPORT term limits. Stabenow in for 20 years---time to get rid of these antiquated partisans!!!!!!!
Hopefully they'll consider your bill on its merit rather than oppose just because it's you.
as your constituent, I'd hope so.
we just got over 8 years Dems doing nothing and your ideas. step aside and lets Make America Great Again !
impeach Trump. The republicans are getting used to the idea. Make your first go at it the best one.
YOU never had a President more serious about Job than President @realDonaldTrump. Work with him & u will see.Hey forget Schumer
- you are not accurate ! We can see through this
If Flynn was acting alone,why 5 calls?He had to be going between people to need to return calls.Logic says Trump! Taxes!
Thank you for standing for Michigan, please use Joint Committee on Taxation to request tax returns. Even a closed door review
The country wants to know if there are conflicts and should be told but at least let Congress see and decide. For our country.
please help the people of #OrovilleDam
20 years and this is all you have done? http://ln.is/en.wikipedia.org/wik/8GZgr … Trump did more in two weeks then you did in 20 years. GO AWAY!
Thank you for Standing Up for the Right Thing! Our children's Education 
why are you now worried about jobs? MI has been suffering since you been senator . You represent MI terrible. #draintheswamp
obstructionist against President Trump nominees that not bring jobs to Michigan! People sick of childish behavior of Democrat!
your 3term in the senate what did you do for Michigan? Just enriched your family, voted for Obama care, now join partisan ...
stop voting YES to Trumps cabinet nominees ffs! You maam are not a progressive & I will be helping get your ass out of office!
Senator please explain why you voted for 4/5 Trump nominees.
where have you been..Big 3 meet with POTUS..they are creating jobs in MI..Dems spend with no results..
.stop acting like a child.we don't want this obstruction & division to continue you were elected to represent Michigan not Dems
What exactly do you do all day if you're not representing your constituents?
You were elected to serve the people not grandstand & skip voting.  We will ALL remember in 2018!
Why should Repubs support "your" bill, when you boycott everything? Do you understand hypocrisy? BTW You stole the idea.
FINEST JURIST IN AMERICA'S READY 4 APPROVAL; PLEASE PUT PARTISAN BICKERING/POSTURING ASIDE FOR NOW. YOU ARE GOOD; NOW DO GOOD
They want to deduct pay for not showing up to committees and votes.
I will work to see your lazy #!# out in 2018
Where was this bill the last 8 years?
Oh I know your up for reelection.
I would hope that the guns get their bill
Oh my you could not answer my question you only represent your party not the rest
VERY SAD.
Remember, 11/6/18. Make Michigan Great Again! Drain the swamp.! Pack your bags.  It's our time!
a bump in the road. Remove Stabenow. Make Michigan Great again! Countdown to elections. Your next to go!
you have been in to long and done nothing for working class, Trumps done more in one day We elected him to lead us. Support him
And if YOU'RE serious about getting re-elected, you should confirm PREZ TRUMP'S nominee for the SUPREME COURT.
Trump is doing the job you and your comrades should have been applying yourselves to for over a decade. #NotStabenow2019
What do you think of SCAppointee Gorsuch?
If you are serious about this bill, you should do your job and participate in the confirmation hearings.
I'm giving money to whoever runs against YOU. GO KOCH BROTHERS!!!!!
I think they should treat YOU the way YOU treat them, and ignore your crap bill.
speaking of jobs...do yours!!! Sick of it.
if you want to bring home jobs, do your own and take a vote on cabinet appointments
if you really support America you should do you job. #confirmPERRY
I heard you this morning on NPR Detroit. 
Great bill! Please Support  and Vote our Presidents' picks, Sessions,Price, Devos, Perry thank you!
. Stop obstructing debibie. Her direct dc line is 202 224 4822. Her re election is in 2018. Obstructing insted of debating.
Dem @SenStabenow boycotting Senate hearings for @RepTomPrice & Steve Mnuchin. Delaying confirmation of Trump's cabinet! #GOPAvalanche2018
Go vote, Debbie Michigan deserves a senator who doesn't boycott her cushy job.  Michigan voted @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
post your link for this Bill
this is great and all but if fascism takes over this bill will mean nothing #resist
We expect a NO vote for Trump cabinet nominees!
yet another "we have to pass it to know what's in it"?
bannon has got to go.  Get outraged and get him out.  WE the people want OUR house back.
confirm the cabinet
bill sounds similar to POTUS 20% Corp tax proposal. Bipartisanship could go a long way to solving a serious problem.
NO to sessons and devos!
Obviously you have been in a cave for the past 2 months.  Trump has saved and attracted thousands of jobs.  Wake up.
pls post link to language
you voted for the South Korean free trade bill. Repeal it!
if you're serious about defending the republic you should refuse to work with Trump on anything. #resist
that is not defending the republic..it is destroying..this madness needs to stop..stop pushing obstruction & division
if you are serious about defending the Constitution, what are you going to do about CBP violating it?
@sengarypeters Right now I think we have more pressing matters. For the sake of the US pls read. https://medium.com/@yonatanzunger/trial-balloon-for-a-coup-e024990891d5#.l0f3ncrox …
the libitards have destroyed the economy. Now its time for a new direction.
what the actual fuck. Economy is better than it has been for years.
Does your bill cover all the Products Don and Ivanka make overseas in China?
can you send a link so we can read it?
BOOM. add the link please.
yes please, link to bill
well DEB if this is a serious BILL and I want you to drive toward BIPARTISANSHIP I will support you a lot!
how long have you been in the Senate? You think they will go along with anything you propose? Be serious, they are against you
@BahTuba here the bill that was introduced and blocked: http://www.stabenow.senate.gov/news/stabenow-and-146s-and-147bring-jobs-home-act-and-148-gets-majority-vote-but-is-blocked-in-senate …
IS there a link to the doc?
Look up s.3364 from the 112th congress.  Appears to be a reintroduction of the same bill
thanks
I am from MI. When will you demand facts from Trump on well, everything..but NOW about Cuts Business Regulations? #CleanAir
if you are serious about being Michigan's elected senator, you should be opposing Tillerson today and Devos and Sessions later
unfortunately u r in the losing side of the people of MI that did not vote for a president,
show us the bill.
