Didn't you want him fired 6 months ago? Oh wait now it plays to your agenda so that makes sense.
it's every Americans agenda. Firing top FBI gut to try to to stop investigation into Russian tampering w/our election should concern us all.
It would if there was proof!
First we know now that Flynn was a Russian spy, admin warned and did zero for 18 days, Tip of the iceberg. Our freedom is under attack
Flynn was fired, no proof of Presidents involvement.
U try to halt an investigation by firing head of FBI. What's DT afraid of? Flynn fired 18 DAYS AFTER he was compromised, remove blinders pls
No one said the investigation would stop, comey was 5 steps above investigators. No blinders, looking for innocence until proven guilty.
Key word proof!
Include Hillary cause Comey bailed her out clearly!
Where were you when he was investigating Hillaryz? private server.  That was gross negligence with intent.
My suggestion:  #ShutDownTheSenate now.
Being deeply troubled isn't enough.  We need outrage! Party and relationships be damned, this is about saving our country.
We the People Need You & ALL Right Minded Members of the Senate n House to Stand Together and #Act Constitutionally Effectively & Heroically
Thank You Senator for your strong voice on independent prosecutor! America is counting on you!
Right now I am hoping and praying that the lies/deceit of the dem. party and Obama adm. will be investigated. There is mounting EVIDENCE!
Thank you Senator. Our country is at risk!
Please fight for an independent prosecutor, Senator Stabenow.  Our democracy is at stake.  #concernedcitizenfromGrandRapids
Deeply troubling that you & the dem. keep pushing this false Russian collusion narrative. Absolutely no evidence to date.
We definitely need an INDEPENDENT Prosecutor!!
Counting on Dems to keep up pressure as well as Republicans with moral compass.
Thank you for fighting for the integrity of our Republic!
More deeply troubling is an FBI director that consistently over stepped and decided intent rather than referring to DOJ / GJ.
Comey was fired for his poor performance on the job something dem. have wanted for some time.
Debbie this president needs to go he is not suited or capable of doing the job he definitely has mental issues .
Hate having to throw you in with Schumer Nancy Maxine Pocahontas but you seem to fit in that category now
She's always fit that category
We need to elect a Senator who will actually work and not whine, hate, divide, resist and embarrass Michigan! Shame on you Deb!
#Nov18'ugone
She's not bright, eloquent, or attractive, but she has that (D) next to her name so she wins anyway. Amazing.
Who possibly could be independent now? The Justice Dept has no credibility under Sessions/Rosenstein.
Rosenstein was confirmed by the Senate 94-6. Ds and Rs respect him and it was his recommendation to fire Comey.
Thank you! Proud to have you representing our great state!
Please, all of you democrats wanted the guy fired back when he was messing with Hillary. Now you're outraged? Hypocrite!
Thank you, @SenStabenow. Heard your @StatesideRadio interview on @MichiganRadio. Learning Russia danger now is oligarchy, no longer Soviet.
be careful what u ask for
Trump is trying to cover something up, his choice was to fire Comey, or assassinate him, Trump is a liar, he is as evil as them come.
Debbie I am disappointed in you!  8 months ago your party thought Obama should fire Comfy, now your whining that Trump is doing  that!
Yes. Push for this as hard as you can and we will do the same!  We deserve some actual truth about this administration's dealings.
Get a grip woman!! You didn't like him because supposedly he cost you the election. Now his great! No wonder you are losing credibility!!!
Damn you Democrats need to make up your mind, you wanted him fired all the way up to his actual firing.
Thank you Sen. Stabenow! Keep standing up for true American values!
This can not be allowed to go unchecked. Please keep fighting for democracy. Thank you
Do you always repeat what chuck schummer says? How did you feel about director comey before the election?
We need an independent prosecutor now. Period. No public trust left in this administration. #TrumpRussia
Action speaks louder than words!! Country over politics..
Yes-now!
You are my Senator- I've called & will keep calling there MUST be an independent investigation ASAP! #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Shut up
Talk is cheap, let's see you do something!
Yes Senator, I agree.... please push for the independent prosecutor now
James Cody seems to be the appropriate person to head up the investigation of Trumps commitment to Russia.
Thank you, Senator Stabenow.
Please encourage your less courageous colleagues to join your call for a #SpecialProsecutor.
CC:@SenCoryGardner
Time to kick the language up from "troubling" to "obvious cover up". You all know what he is!! Get on it!!
I support you wholeheartedly. Please do not rest until independent Prosecutor is seated. We cannot ignore Russia or a President like this!
No evidence. Stop wasting our money! No more fake investigations of President Trump. Let's start investigating Hillary!
Agreed! Thank you for your stand! We must have an independent prosecutor. What did Trump know & when did he know it?
Yes we need an independent prosecutor. Russian influence over presidency is a huge cloud.
Your next #youroutin18
To look into the Clinton family foundation??
Why isn't anyone calling for Huma indictment, we just heard about the unlawful security breach, which no one acted on. Why?
Deeply troubled that @SenStabenow questions the clear incompetence of the director. Too bad her agenda supersedes the security our rights.
Thank you Senator! We MUST have an independent prosecutor to investigate Russia's meddling in our democracy.
Everyone knows by now there is nothing to investigate. It's all false info perpetuated by the Dumrats. Do your job and get behind Trump.
All the yeses from Kent County!!
You need to listen to your constituents for once. Comey needed to go, he was a lying backstabber. Why do you need an investigation?
Go for it, Senator! The sooner Mr Trump, his family, and his minions are out of the White House, the better! They're a stain on USA 
please push for one — a constituent
Sure it's not your money.#spendingtaxpayersmoney
Please work to make that happen, Senator. I have faith in your abilities.
It's past troubling. SOMETHING NEEDS TO BE DONE and you all need to move on it! This can't stand.
Yes please
YES! And let's also defeat the horrendous #AHCA bill that's in the Senate. Thanks!
 Maxine Waters: Comey "Has No Credibility"  http://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2017/01/13/maxine_waters_comey_has_no_credibility.html# …!
Please gather Senate colleagues to oppose this coup d'etat
Im troubled that you are my Senator
Thank you, Senator! I'm a constituent of yours, glad you're taking a stand. 
Amen Sister
No its isn't.
Make it happen!
Glad to have you as my senator.
You should really just try to focus on "#PureMichigan" How is that Flint Water Problem going. If Hillary fired him, u would say brilliant
Yes, we must have a special prosecutor! Comey was getting too close to the truth about #Trumprussia.
You wanted him gone before Obama left. Trump fires him and it becomes a conspiracy. Stale arguments.
@roxaneschmidt #YES!!! #SpecialProsecutor
Yes very troubling we need an independent investigation longing for the time I could go to bed and not worry about we will wake up to next
i cant believe all these idiots here that are totally OK with this. INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR.
We need a solution, and not more people pointing out the problem. Sounds like the job of a Senator.
The most Jackasinine thing I may have ever heard!
Seriously? Troubling he didn't understand "intent"
But just last week you guys wanted him gone for costing Hillary the election......wow.....cant win ..... thanks for showing your true colors
Deeply troubling that he wasn't fired by Obama. Trump continues to clean up the mess and drain the swamp. Hopefully many more to come.
gone gone gone. Dont do your job  you're fired.  Watch yourselves.  US citizens are your employer
Please introduce and/or support legislation calling for an independent investigation of Trump/Russia. THIS IS NOT A DRILL!
Thank you Senator, yes we do. Now.
Thank you Senator
Trump is nuts. All NYC knows He's mobbed up. Procured underage imported "models" for parties. Do your damn job!  Investigate. Impeach. Jail
VOTING FLINT DEMOCRAT LOVING THE JOB YOU'RE DOING SEN. STABENOW! WE DEMAND INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR and a QUICK RESOLUTION TO TRUMP/RUSSIA!!
from comments of Comeys he was suppoting Trump so yes why fire him now.
You wanted him fired along time ago, he's fired and your upset?
Deeply troubling that we have you as our senator.
Get your own mind.  Schumer said that in his statement.  Can you come up with your own idea on the subject?
Yes we do! Please do everything you can to make it happen!
Yes, we need answers. Thank you for speaking out so quickly.
You have no knowledge or wisdom in such matters - someone needs to investigate you
Please insist that the investigation continue and be completed swiftly.  We the people deserve to know the truth!
Deeply troubling how you've been able to hold your position for so long.
You and the rest of the Democrats in Congress must do something. This reality show charlatan must be stopped!  #ImpeachTrump
Yes, how can we help you make this happen?
Agreed! Please push for it!
Yes we do Michigan is proud of you. Thanks
Yes! Thank you @SenStabenow
Deeply troubling that President Trump fired FBI Dir. Comey, who was leading Trump-Russia investigation. We need an independent prosecutor!
- investigate HRC Weiner Huma classified emails going to unauthorized people including Blumenthal !
Senator please do everything you can for the American People
We need a different president!
Shame on you..Dems talking points..RUSSUA..RUSSIA..RUSSIA...you are a joke..cant wait to vote aginst you.,you are bad for MI..
This is a major wake up call for the way that the government operates and the Way we investigate corruption within the government!!
Trumprussia is dead. Leaks all over. Obama staff spying and still no smoking gun? Comey had to go for the good of both parties
Yes we need an independent prosecutor Trump Russia connection Hillary pay-to-play connection Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch airport meeting
we need Trump out.  We need him out.  NOW.
, thank you. We need answers!
Your scared the new FBI director will charge Clinton for crimes she committed..there is no evidence with Russia...time for you to resign..
We need people in the government who actually work for the people. So tired of Russia to which Hillary sold our Uranium.
That is a BS story that's been disproven, and Obama's not a Muslim, and he was born in the USA. Let's get that out of the way too
So Debbie, you wanted Comey fired when he spoke of Hillarys email serv but now Comey is wonderful as pawn to keep the Russia meme going
yes for all the crooked @SenateDems
Comey was getting close to the false president's Russian connection so out he goes he'll try instate someone who'll be his little yes man
Please do not allow Trump to bring down our democracy. Your constituents are scared tonight.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you, Senator!
OT: my oldest has the same name!
Very concerned! Please continue to fight for MI!
