We saw ur first tweet. We KNOW. U don't want to Make America Great Again. It's why u lost.
Yeah yeah yeah. All beta cucks want to destroy intelligent women. Especially violent ones
So, fuck off, Nazi scum.
You don't know what I do or don't support past losers w/ frog tags being humiliation toys
We are Sick of the high deductible and Sick of high premiums. There is absolutely no value to my coverage.
Those who have pre-existing conditions are pretty thankful for theirs. Know anyone like that?
The ACA caused gigantic increases in the cost of everything connected with health care.
The problem is greedy private insurance companies. And private hospitals. Reality.
Ask Canada. Reality their hospitals are nationalized & failing. "Insurance companies" are forbidden to sell basic hospital/medical coverage.
That's a lie. Canadas health system is fine. How do you know, Texas?
If their system is fine, why do wealthy Canadians cross border to Cleveland or Ann Arbor? You're drinking the koolaid. #obamacare is done.
Impatience. But it's very rare. Made up for Fox News suckers.
Instead of fighting, how about trying to find common ground and work together?
Now that GOP in power, they are being arrogant. Won't deal. Might get better as time goes on
And you have backwards. No critical thinking skills.
Hey Schumer..how about we (the GOP) just make the ACA..oh, you know, AFFORDABLE.  Stop playing the BS games, loser!
Too late, Chuckie. You f-ed up again. Big time. And were caught!
It makes sense that you all would be on @Snapchat, a forum for delinquent adolescents, drug dealers and pimps. #DNC
how about we make America Sane Again! #MASA
@SenSchumer and @SenateDems want to continue to rape my pocketbook for merely breathing and redistribute wealth. Crooks. #MyBodyMyChoice.
nobody cares about snap ..
Children need the adults to deal with this shit. Don't be as ass.
Nope not gonna listen. Repeal barrycare in full.
did you really just say "Don't Make America Great Again?" Just because the city likes u, doesn't mean we do up here.
You can't read? It says "Don't Make America Sick Again". In English and everything.
There is some internet magic at work here, haha! I swear to Christ that Great. Whatever, fuck it. You win.
This joker is a losers' loser. As with dirty Harry, we cannot expect anything constructive from this lib dem misfit.
Stupid people never seem to learn how to be honest and play fair to their fellow Americans. God will punish you, CS.
God punished you for being a nasty, crooked liberal democrat who does nothing but destroy instead of build the USA.
I added you so I can encourage you to continue the fight this is our life
OOOOOPS
chunky you're a useless tool Another lib slogan out of ur tired playbook? 4th down punt
Schumer stop messing up this country with your liberal garbage that does not work.Balance our budget Stop corruption
"Liberal garbage" created modern America. Republicans wrecked it and screwed you. Try Reality.
Open boarders, deficit spending, debt out of control, high taxes,60 mil on food stamps, lowest labor partis rate, bad and ...
Speaker Ryan claims something else about healthcare.
Democrats are trying to scare Americans into wanting #Obamacare. What's scary is the damage it's already done. http://spkrryan.us/2iIS6tR 
@SpeakerRyan Paul Ryan doesn't care about you. He's an Ayn Rand acolyte in public service. Pure Bullshit.
Ayn Rand was covered & rcvd Social Security & Medicare.
Keep up what U R doing Schumer, & you & your corrupt lib dems will go down 2 tremendous defeat @ the next elections.
Chuck, the only thing that makes me sick is a person who would rather rob his constituents than admit he's wrong.
REPEAL THIS UNLAWFUL PIECE OF CRAP
Been trying to get through to your office. Vote NO to Jeff Sessions's confirmation-racist & opponent to civil rights
As a Jewish family living in America we now must live in fear because of Trump/Bannon embracing of the  nazis. Bannon in WH?
It is going to be crazy stand strong! Please fight against Sessions confirmation & ACA Repeal.
From "not rich enough to be a Progressive"
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C1xPuhoUAAAJhdV.jpg …
Wrong , Obama  Care sucks,I'm  disabled  and have  MS,and brain  damage  and you think this is great wrong  .
the old elitist foot in the mouth strikes again
#askchuck You think it's sustainable for single person making $50k PRETAX to be able to afford $495/mo prem with $7,150 ded?
spoken like a true totalitarian socialist - that's standard operating procedure in every every state through history
Hey Chuckee:

"Elections have consequences"  Obama
To dems, finding common ground means caving in to their demands.
whose healthcare are you protecting?  Not everyone's because you took mine away!  Thanks buddy!
yeah protect those exploding premiums that were supposed to drop $2500 a year
Sucks that your first tweet got out before you deleted it, huh?  Dem party's collective lack of integrity reinforces #MAGA.
wake up!
Your tag line should really be #keepamericasick
just watched your snapchat story. Thx for sharing with us.
Sen Schumer, the slogan is #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
did Anthony Wiener get another job with the #DNC?
@SFL4Hillary @SenateDems 
I need to know why not 1 Senator objected the Electoral College vote?
#HeadClown
just log in using @SenSchumer password which is password, just now figuring out this internet thing
Dear @SenSchumer and @SenateDems, welcome to 2012!
Chuck, Stop embarrassing yourself #BuyAClue
we want Jeff sessions remember Robert Byrd H is fearless mentor 2018 is coming
- it's time to fold up the grandstand ... for a change ... @SenateDems
#ObamaCare has been this country's worst disaster. Nothing but lies and astronomical costs. Get out of the way.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
#repealACA say no to higher premiums and worse coverage.
,i send song http://youtu.be/9EMli-BsRg8  never-trump the time has come click on song this will help 
LOL really?
Right now, America is very sick.
thank you and may you be blessed in the RESISTANCE.
PLEASE!!!!!!
PLEASE- CAN'T SLEEP AT NIGHT!
PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE don't roll over and let Trump and the republicans have their way with us! PLEASE.
.@SenSchumer @BaoBaeHam @SenateDems Keep up the fight! Keep telling the same ol' lies.
#GoodPlan
#ILikeIt
See you in two years. #CUN2
#MAGA
What do u not get? Not affordable unless you get a huge subsidy or get it free.
what do you not get? ACA is about coverage. GOP blocked insurer mandate which would've dealt w costs.
And what do you not get some who had it don't have it and it's not affordable
just explained why it's not affordable. It's bc insurers don't have to participate and so prices aren't competitive
In Illinois it's awful.1400 a month and 12,500 deductible I could go on and on and on.People who work it's high
I hear you. It's important to know why. It's bc of no insurer mandate. ACA w/out it doesn't address cost, just coverag
It just needs fixed. My cousin, she makes a little over 40 grand, hers is 700 month, 7800 deductible
I'm sure! Prices are high but it's not Obamacare's fault. W/out the mandate the ACA just deals with coverage, not cost
That is precisely what GOP will do. Save healthcare by repealing Dismal Obamacare
you had it right the first time with what you freaks want to do. shame on you!
The only thing that makes America sick is liberal dems creating fake news & distorting the truth. 
#schumerfails
America is sick because of 8 years of do nothing democrats. ACA is a disaster for everyone.
Are you unaware that many Americans have been negatively impacted by ACA?  Do you care?  You are shameful.
Snapchat? Are you going to walk around in their stupid glasses too? Not impressed. Just get a website like adults.
Have you had the dubious pleasure of opening an envelope from healthcare ins. with a prem. rate incr. of over 50%?
Of  course not b/c you have ins paid by us taxpayers so no worries.
And you guys doubling down on what cost you the election is absolute genius...keep it up.
The new party of "No". It was annoying when the Republicans did it... don't repeat please.
you're a retarded POS
yay another platform in which you can tell us what we already know, you want total government control. No thanks 
better make sure your password isn't PASSWORD. We all know how you Dems are bad at the internets LOL
is this so your messages disappear and Wikileaks's won't find them?
Just sick of the cost, a vote to cross statelines would make cost go down,you guys let americans down why you lost.
@ManMet80 @SenateDems They fought us for 8yrs. Don't give Republicans shit. Dig deep and fight the good fight. Long 4yrs.
@boandsunny @SenateDems snapchat?
screw the rest of the people negatively affected by Obamacare though right?
IT IS NOT HEALTH CARE.IT'S UNUSABLE EXPENSIVE HEALTH INSURANCE...GET RID OF IT. HEALTH CARE IS PROVIDED BY MDS,RNS,
fuck I have never seen such hypocrisy and hate in my life
Is that Casper the ghost?
Keep it up! don't let them silence our democracy.
@SFL4Hillary @SenateDems Demand independent investigation into election interference!! Traitor Trump must be impeached!
Be Clear in your plans to Resist Trump. We need you to filibuster everything!

#NoCompromiseWithHate
snapchat is the pefect platform for Dems. The messages last 30 seconds just like your policies
So you don't want a great America, huh? I sent your earlier tweet to my veteran friends. You are a clown.
great to see @SenateDems getting up to speed with 21st century communication methods. Keep it up!
TY  Please fight like the dickens for healthcare Medicaid/Medicare
term limits coming right up...
Politicians like @SenSchumer make me sick/don't represent the best of NY! Former #Democrat, you're 1 of the reasons for #DemExit @SenateDems

Right on!! Don't let GOP #Repeal&Delay. They hv no replacemnt! " We have lot of ideas," is not acceptable..4 reals!
Obama care is a freaking disaster!  You demorats own this garbage legislation.
Even #slickwilly Clinton admitted Obamacare was crap!!  Repeal it now @realDonaldTrump @transition2017
If Obamacare is so wonderful why did so many democRAT politicians & unions file for exemptions?!? You democRATS SUK!
rather than exempt yourselves, join and find out why so many Americans want a change...
@SenGillibrand Don't let profiteer Republicans #MakeAmericaSickAgain #NoCooperationNoCompromise
@realDonaldTrump @SenateDems
Fix ACA. You know it's broken. You've done nothing. You haven't read ACA. Now fix mess you pushed.
Could be a good move - Dems need 2 communicate/speak to the people
we love you, Chuck. Fight the good fight.
Obamacare reason lost.
dummy your choice of your slogan only indicates your lack of originality. You make America sick. Period
How about you all work for us and leave the public posturing in the bathroom mirror.
Handle the confirmations!!!!!!!
there is no hope for handling the confirmations. The dems greased the skids 8 yrs ago...
SMH. I had planned to switch back to Dem. There is now no hope for that either.
the answer is always "more Jesus".  God bless you on your journey...
Jesus is not on the same path as democrats.
He knows them even if they don't recognize Him...


You lot had better do something about these illegitimate confirmations and stop playing social media games.
Of course, you guys that made this horrible health care bill exempted yourself!
You didn't fight 4 Electoral college votes so Trump want destroy our country " apparently you'll want him in power
Chuck, I am a political genius. Republican. I am looking for the opposition, not winners as Ds have been for decade.
Right on!  We will look forward to us!  PLEASE FIGHT for those of us with chronic illnesses!
Slay!!!!!!!!!!
