Let's do it!  Time to get this done!!!  The American people deserve a decent, fair plan that works!!
Nope. Dems broke insurance. You own that. You lost all power, remember? Now go sit at the kids table while Republicans REPEAL aca.
Just provide #Americans the same health plan, benefits - at same income/affordability ratio - you receive as our employees!
Repubs tried to work with you 8 years ago. You told them to ride in the back of the bus. Why should they give you a seat at the table?
Really? Because Obama say down with the GOP to get feedback. GOP ideals were adopted with the ACA. WHAT ALTERNATIVE REALITY ARE YOU FROM?
That was a farce. He argued with them and didn’t listen. Or perhaps you’d like to tell me what ideas Obama used in the plan?
Thank you @SenStabenow and @SenateDems for reaching across the aisle to #ProtectOurCare We need your leadership to #SaveMedicaid also
For 7 years Repubs proposed bills like this that they knew wouldn't pass- so it didn't matter what they cost, how effective they were etc.
Finally common sense has happened GOP colleagues now let's see if ACA can be fixed
I have a bridge I'd like to sell you . . .
Why only 4 signatures. Should have everybody
Great question
Now you want to work with the #GOP; when u were in majority u ignored them. #Hypocrites #NeverTrustADEM #DEMSLie #Progressives
Let us choose coverage needed across state lines w/o mandate or penalty for an affordable price. That's what we want & need. UNDERSTAND?
Read Dem July Letter to Sen.Maj.Leader. Cost? No reference or should be not consider that? How will our grandkids pay off our debt? Really?
I'd say no. They don't deserve help. But we can't let people suffer from lack of insurance.
Curb medication costs and give incentive to insurers who participate in mkt with less than 2 other insurers.
Good to see ideas from Dems.  How much will these cost and how will they be paid for?  Or are they just meaningless like past Repub bills?
The marketplace was stable until the democrat takeover of health insurance. Government makes everything more expensive and worse
NOTE to Senate Dems from someone you work for, elections have consequences right? Work with R.s to get this healthcare done.BTW, NO VACATION
Easiest is universal care for citizens funded thru the legalization of Marijuana federal taxes for health care no higher taxes for anyone
Bipartisanship is essential in any major legislation that concern most Americans the gop tried to keep their way only they learn the hardway
Get rid of for profit insurance companies. One payer universal health care,a human need, human right, equal for all.
And drug companies
Dems and GOP is only supposed to count in elections. Otherwise we are Americans one and all
That would be nice but Dems position since election is resist anything no matter what. Something's can't always be fixed without replacing.
I respectfully disagree. Repubs have deliberately locked dems out of even helping health care and yet with Ocare bop helped
It's the Dems who REFUSE to work with the GOP unless it to save Obama legacy. # hypocrites. You created the healthcare nightmare.
Good luck!!!
BS letter to distort the truth. Did you work with any GOP to pass #Obamacare? All done behind closed doors w/ lies to ppl...Keep UR Dr, etc.
$20 Trillion in Gov't debt...privatize HC and save us all!

Both Parties Ill Informed_Ill Advised_Tooth Fairy Demanding a For Profit Market Driven Functional Model All Other Nations Failed To Find @AP
@chuckschumer Divided Parties Ill Informed_Ill Advised_Tooth Fairy Demanding 4 Profit Market Driven Functional Model
REVIEW & REVISE not repeal & replace
Turn in those blue slips, first!!!!!!!!
Take my advice. Set up several mtg times and ask the Repubs which one is convenient. This will tell the truth
What are you doing to control the greed that pushes the cost out of reach same do nothing approach
#RepealAndReplace
Obamacare is dead, there is no fixxing the dem mess.
that is a good temporary plan to stabilize markets and allow ACA to continue working. Then sit down with GOP to work out the next move.
Make Congress vote on repealing Obamacare.
Then we will know who to hold accountable for spreading socialism!
Work together for #SinglePayer and cut out the middle men (insurance and Big pharma) #PeopleOverProfits #HealthcareOurRight
Return to free & open health care system No income redistribution. Repeal ObamaCare! Forget replacing it. All govt healthcare is a failure
Translation:  Work w/ Dems (who forced Obamacare on Americans without a single GOP vote) to fix this mess DEMS CREATED!!!
@senrobportman REPEAL- Didn't work. REPLACE - Didn't work. Time to try REPAIR sir!
The majority of both parties are bought and paid for by the insurance companies.
And big pharma
the GOP think if they work with the other side then THEY are defeated instead of thinking that America is succeeding. #WrongPriorities
Work together to save ACA! Americans want it saved, not repealed & replaced! Do your job! You work for ALL Americans not just Obama haters!
Tell me why you waste paper - are you too lazy to walk down the hall and converse? Fraud waste & abuse
@SenCoryGardner "In the spirit of Jefferson, let us affirm that in this Chamber tonight there r no Republicans,no Democrats-just Americans"
You clowns had your chance and gave us Obamacare, preexisting conditions covered only promise kept, go to the back of the bus!
Dems should work w GOP to create a new healthcare. Unfortunately they r so untrustworthy they will spin the story to make Reps look bad. Sad
Excellent! Now as GOP does to you get this message out to America!
This is far better than the secretive and TERRIBLE #Trumpcare plan, @JeffFlake and @SenJohnMcCain - do what's right for Arizona, not party!
Dems nearly destroyed insurance market with their ideas so trusting them again means they get another shot at socialized medicine. NO WAY!!
I will put it very simply. A person who has a precondition which I am with any GOP health bill that takes that part out I will  be screwed.
No that's not how it works. We worked with Dems for 8 years. Now you work with GOP. You failed us, no more compromises and bleeding hearts!
You had the last 6 years to "work on it" now you are worrying about it?
Let me be crystal clear....I don;t trust a Democrat....ESPECIALLY after the debacle of 2008-2016 with that jackass as Pres. Hillary sucks 2
We can give e every child in the US a $2500/yr HSA with the money you waste.
I'm waiting for bipartisan healthcare bill, and for NO TAX CUTS FOR THE RICH!
where were you for the past 8 years???? why now???
No.  Insurance is a menace.
GOO doesn't give a $%#& about saving our healthcare. The Dems need to be calling them out in plain talk on the airwaves every day.
Agreed!
The #childrenofthecorn does nothing but criticize and tear down the country and then tell you how much they love America same breath. 
#MAGA
Still waiting for you to publish your plan to "fix" Obamacare
Now you're solution for flaws in that fix is to go back to a collapsed system that killed literally millions of people, kill thousands more
You freaks tried 8 years to repeal Obamacare and never bothered to come up with a replacement because you never intended to fix anything.
Aint gonna happen till u get Obama name off of it. Even tho they named it Obamacare. It still hurts them to the core
Never trust a CRIMINAL 

Vote your #criminal party home or prison or institution they are all nut cases and we need ppl to work 4america
1. Stop taxing premiums & meds. 2. Repeal tan tax & replace with cosmetic surgery tax.  3. Force Congress to use ACA 4. Allow interstate ins
They would double cross us if we allowed them to bring this forward.
Time to HOLD THE FLOOR and WITHHOLD CONSENT!! 22 million people are counting on you! #RepairNotRepeal
