Why are you so ready to screw the "doers?"  It is not just the 1%.  It is anyone who is productive.
Taxing the rich and giving breaks to the poor is wealth redistribution.Just install a flat tax for all.No loopholes,no exemptions.
Because Toomey needs his sugar daddies.
because it enlarges their pockets and those of their personal friends.
Look into capitalism. How about we eliminate congresses exemption and the unions exemption from Obama care?
All taxpayers deserve a cut.
Why are dems so angery and against rich people? Jealousy has no place in government.
Bc that's what they are about & who they are about and a lot of the 99% will do well to c that n 2018
#democRATS

And #murder
They're all Democrats! None of them are members of the NRA! 

#WednesdayWisdom
http://atlantablackstar.com/2017/10/03/country-white-domestic-terrorist-nra-wants-make-sure-not-labeled/ … via @atlblackstar
Because top 1% fund their campaigns
GOP donors not happy with GOP , pressuring on tax cuts
You are a liar. They are focusing on job creators and the middle class. But the dems want to destroy the middle class. Good job so far.
Sounds fair to me!!
Dems only want socialism, free everything. They are the top 1%
The 1% are working hard to maintain their status
No tax cuts for the rich, not now, not ever!!
This is what inspires him. Not the health & well-being of his constituents. Not the safety of the country or world . Not the constitution.
Seems the tax reform I saw drops from 7 tax brackets to 3 which all seem pretty fair? Why are you against helping working people?
They have their marching orders from the Kochs, Sheldon Adelson, etc.?
Because they still hold the Laffer Cruve to be a functional economic theory, which leaves the rest of us out in the rain.
Bc they're paid to.
Because dogma requires supporting the Trickle Down Economics fraud.
Because they are bought and paid for by uber-wealthy. We need campaign finance reform and end of Citizen United.
Only interested in what benefits them! They need to serve all of their constituents.
@The_YUNiversity, would this quality as a "rhetorical question"?
Because senator, the top 1% pay 39% of all individual income tax. You need to wake up. Kid rock rocks
The God of the GOP is their money. Lower income classes are not important to them because, their hearts lack compassion for self and others.
Proud of @SenStabenow fighting for working Michiganders!
because prosperity should not be prejudice elevate all and all will be elevated the more the better
No you believe in taking HC from people who paid their own way and you believe in spending and spending and taxing us to death liar
There are thousands and thousands of hairdressers and landscapers who hold LLC and or S corp status. We're not rich. Need a break!
Pretty simple. There are those who think "how will this benefit ME?" & there are those who think "how will this benefit society?".
Because they made closed door promises to make them richer.  "Good Ole Boys Club".  The rest of us simply don't mean shit to them.
Democrats don't want to cut taxes for anyone...Dems crave more tax money
Ye old “trickle down” theory
Kickbacks money for campaigns certainly not the welfare of the American people
TOTAL GREED IS THE ANSWER!!!!!!
this seems to be a tradition with the republicans...extreme support for the wealthiest among us at expense of the middle/poor
Western governments are puppets of the new Sun Kings. Healthcare, Capitalism and Democracy only for the happy few.
Wait. The plan also cuts my rate and doubles the standard deduction. Why aren't you fighting for me to enjoy those benefits?
Thought Democrats believed in equality???
.@SenToomey the rich get richer and I always end up playing more. Disgraceful as always. Enjoy your last term in office..
You should play less Marianne, and pay more attention
I guess you are just like Bernie Sanders; you don't know how to do math. After loopholes are withdrawn, every one will pay their fair share.
With few exceptions, everyone will pay a flat tax. No more tax breaks for the rich Democrats who get paid for being obstructionists.
Dems hate the tax plan because it hurts rich people in coastal high tax states, mostly rich liberals. They take care their own. #maga
Arrest a banker from 2008 scandal and we'll have more respect for you, too.
To the POTUS & GOP it all comes down to money teir own & that of their benefactors greed is being run in our gov't over people stop this pls
Time for Dems to start fighting for what they believe in. Being nice and using manners isn't working so let's FIGHT for what is right.
@SenateGOP fights for it bc it's good for Americans. @SenateDems are against it for the same reason.
Maybe they are the 1% or maybe thier donors are they don't fight for the working class
You can have concentration of wealth or you can have democracy but you can’t have both. Killing the estate tax widens an already huge gap
It only impacts estates exceeding $10MM.  The tax cuts should primarily benefit middle class and the poor.  #putinbot
Because it benefits them.... wake up!
We elect them to work for us.  They @HouseGOP @SenateGOP only work for themselves.
DONORS!!! Is Anyone breathing Still surprised the Mercers, Koch, and other donors) are running the Republicans ?!
@SenJohnMcCain where is the bi-partisan approach on this? Why are the @GOP so set in hurting the most vulnerable? Only guarantee is wealthy
BECAUE WE KNOW TRICKLE DOWN DOES NOT TO WORK SO STOP LYING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!
The NRA, the Kochs, and other lobbyists are funneled money to get Trump elected and to members of the GOP, he has to give them tax cuts now.
They want for the wealthy on the backs of citizens who need the most help! Seniors, disabled, poor and millions in deductions.
Because they don’t care what Dems they know anymore than Dems care what republicans think. Broken system
Hey @SenToomey-We're paying attention to your every move. We're organized & angry. We see who you are & you are not FOR us. signed PA moms
GOP fights for all Americans to get a tax cut all A L L. The difference Democrats are only for some of the American people S O M E
If you really have to ask this question, then you just don't get it.
I don't...please elaborate...thank you...
Source?  Are you benefiting from estate tax cut?  http://www.npr.org/2017/10/04/555433641/who-will-benefit-most-from-gop-tax-plan-early-report-suggests-the-wealthy …
Its not your money.  Tax cuts for all.
CAUSE THEY'RE GETTING PAID TO SCREW US!!  MONEY TALKS... AT LEAST TO THE GOP! THEY ARE NOTHING BUT A DISSERVICE TO THEIR CONSTITUENTS!
