Obama and other presidents have done the same thing. It is a temporary ban. Do you want wide open borders?
@stabenow how so?
@stabenow our son in law was in a terrorist attack in Chattanooga. I WANT OUR BORDERS CLOSED NOW. DO YOUR JOB
when they put a knife at your neck and make you pledge to Islam.... it will be too late
DID NOT SAY HOW EO HURT ANYONE.STOP LYING.EO IS TO PUT A HOLD UNTIL EXTREME VETTING IS IN PLACE. THESE "REFUGEES" ARE NOT.
Clueless Debbie.
@stabenow You say that because the Muslim vote. You don't care about American taxpayers who have to carry the load for you.#(D)
This makes no sense. It's about protecting ALL U.S. citizens in a time when some wish to harm us.
@stabenow @KathyLatch  you are do wrong! I deal with the after grad student: horrible math and reading skills!  Stop the delay:
Thanks for your support of #Muslims #ArabAmericans @SenStabenow @stabenow This is our #USA #DTW-McNamara 4-6 PM dress warmly, bring photo ID
What do these demonstrations accomplish??  Not wasting my time, my state pays $174,000 each to State Senators who I expect to do some work!
Explain how vetting people coming into our country hurts us?  Well are you going to back a tax cut?
Fine. We'll have all the questionable "refugees" sent to Michigan. Not all will be terrorists though. But you won't know which ones are.
The Americans want a safe America. The Arab Americans who love America want Safety!!!!
@DonaldTrump Ever been to Warren, MI? Almost like going to middle east but in Mid MI, Disturbing & creepy.
@stabenow. The lies are gonna get you voted out!
@stabenow Get your facts strait about " The Ban" !. It's NOT a ban against any religion.  IT'S AGAINST TERRORISM!  Think Votes
have you see a your state go from a free America to areas where women are not allowed. How can u be proud of that
Shame on U Sen.! Trump is helping bus. & making America safer than it has been in yrs! He's not selling guns to ISIS!
Please back Justice Neil Gorsuch  for Supreme court Judge. Thank You, Ronnnie Blackburn
@stabenow @KathyLatch knock it off and make us safe!
Michigan voted for Trump.  You are in no way indicating you heard the people's voice.
Thank you, Senator. As a Michigan resident, I hope you and others will actively fight these cowardly and unamerican orders.
THEY NEVER DO! NEVER ABOUT POLICY OR ISSUES; 100% ABOUT PARTY W/ THESE DEGENERATE DEMOCRATS.
Americans deserve to know who is coming and going in their country and to have a safe country. Knock it off.
Americans are killed by Americans much more than by immigrants.  This is only the beginning...next, your neighbors.
So that makes it okay to bring more thugs here? Yeah okay gotcha!
More thugs? Check the statistics.  Nearly 3K US citizens killed by Saudi nationals, yet no ban on them!! Bad idea!!
SO UR FOR THE BAN IF WE ADD SAUDIS?  DIDN'T THINK SO YOU LYING LIB. DEMOCRATS HAVE NO REGARD FOR TRUTH
@stabenow thank you!!!!!! Diversity makes us GREAT!!!!!
oh please! You didn't care when Obama did it in 2011 Hypocrite!
time for you to removed from office. If I didn't show up I would get fired.
The Muslin community in MI are there a very long Time with great Level of assimilation
@stabenow   Not going to work and boycotting is not doing your job..
Democrat senators manchin warner and heitkamp voted for tillerson. Manchin plans to vote for gorsuch
@stabenow Get i#to Washington and vote!!! The people of  Michigan spoke! Do your job! And remember you work for us!!
@stabenow Be proud of 3 terms! That's a big deal!But, you're done! #Nov18' You will be elected out!We're done with the whining


You people need 2 wake up & realize. Trump is not breaking anything. He is fixing issues with processes & preventing Crimes.
@stabenow so fight it and the next attack is on you
@stabenow 
Why dont you take home as many muslims and will fit in your house!!!!
@stabenow .why are Dems enraged about 90 day pause..Obama did in 2011.I don't want what happened in Paris,Germany&Brussels here
thanks for voting for Gorsuch! Traitor!  Won't vote for you ever again!!
hopefully you vote against all the nominees!!
Tightening our vetting process will absolutely make us safer.  This Liberal rhetoric is not helping our country or our state.
@stabenow buy buy in 18 u are worthless to the system
Sounds like your afraid of upsetting your Arab/Muslim community  Why?
The EO that Obama used? Did not see the same outrage on your time line.#FakeMoralOutrage
@stabenow can't wait to VOTE someone as incompetent as you out of office. Do your JOB
You are an embarrassment to Michigan quit skipping out on your responsibilities backing out of the vote you should be ashamed
@stabenow You couldn't be more wrong. Why don't you try to do your job for a change.
Bill Clinton and Obama did the same thing. You are spreading hypocritical propaganda.
@stabenow 
Prepare to be unemployed!
this is silly/we dont want them here/what R dems doing?/going to bacfire/18 will not be good for dems/childish
@stabenow  we need to make sure Lansing follows E.Lansing and say sanctuary city! Also vote against that rich judge!
If you drag your feet on @realDonaldTrump picks you will see 2018 with a republican super majority. It will happen. #MAGA
Read CRUEL AND USUAL PUNISHMENT and eductate yourself about what MUSLIMS really believe and do.
@stabenow So you voted to confirm #NeilGorsuch to the Court of Appeals???? Do tell
#RecallStabenow
By the way Dearborn is so dangerous they hate American business women there. Quit lying.
Even as a Legal Alien I know the difference between Americans and other Aliens traveling here.
@stabenow yes, like the throwing of rocks at others in Dearborn.... great place to live and grow a family these days.
deceitful statement. Families of citizens can pass vetting. Irresponsible to spread hysteria. Unbelievable that you're a Sen
Dearborn Muslim commuinity so safe, move there, live in the Muslim neighborhoods. Put your zip code where ur mouth is, Debbie.
What planet have you been living on since 2001? Oh sorry.. as long as YOUR family hasn't been murdered!
a leader in crippling the government of the US. Does she know that is a goal of the Progessive movement?
you can't seem to understand we are not against peaceful Muslems and this is temp. ISIS said would be in refugees.
bullshit, nice #DNC talking point.
How about your pasty face go walk through the Muslim community and see what happens
as long as they are americans thats great. everyone else needs proper vetting. why r u against safety??
shame on you
@stabenow knock it off and quit playing games
It hurts no one. No non-citizen fro abroad has any right to DEMAND entry.
You just stated the real problem -"muslim community".  They will never assimilate.
NOPE, it keeps them safe. American Muslims are the victims of terrorism too.
If anything happens while you play ur petty games you should be held accountable. The election is over and so are the games.
That great state of Michigan went red remember? #BlueWallFail
oh but the Russians did it! The Russians made the people vote wrong!
As a Michigan constituent, I expect you to vote. Even if it is a no. Refusing to show up makes Michigan look foolish. Do your job.
@stabenow 
I Will REMEMBER DEBBIE STABENOW
COME ELECTION TIME. IM SURE ALOT OF PEOPLE WILL..I WILL NOT FORGET
@stabenow 
To block a committee vote..boycott is unwise it called being spiteful and stalling what our President .
That's a lie and you know it! It makes us safer by ensuring we aren't importing terrorists. You want us to be like Germany?
@stabenow THANK YOU for yet again keeping this American from being able to buy affordable insurance by not confirming HHS pick
@stabenow I'm sure ISIS appreciates your support! Way to go! #TermLimits
@stabenow EO disrupted travelers but ISIS said they will try to get in that way. Death is ultimate disruption. Take a breath.
@stabenow So, where were you when you have Oa pass on Destabilizing the very region that CAUSED  THE REFUGEE CRISIS.
STOP IT
@stabenow go to the vote. My family likes you but voted for Trump. Are you up for a vote in 2 years???
@stabenow did not hear you say anything about the Cubans sent to Mexico by #lousy potus Obama must not fit anti American ideas?
My Dearest LW SOCIALIST your IGNORANT opinions as are Schumer's have become to the MAJORITY, INSIGNIFICANT!!!
You also voted for Iran deal. You are a traitor, a coward & terror sympathizer. #PureMichigan #DebbieStabenow #Michigan #UAW
@stabenow Muslim Woman must have Right to reject all Political, Military orders from UNELECTED imams,ayatollahs,mullahs,muftis
Wake Up. Terrorism is not a religion. Also, stop obstructing staffing of cabinet.Move on and support our government..@SenStabenow @stabenow
vote NO on Steve Mnuchin
liar
@stabenow So given that statement...you are going to stand up and do something...right?!
@stabenow Withold consent on cabinet votes and filibuster any legislation until refugee ban reversed.
it seems like no one in the Senate is doing anything about Trump....where is everyone?
Thank you! Don't let them forget about Michigan!
Thank you!
We need you on every radio station in Michigan to help fix all this disinformation as well.
are you voting against Betsy DeVos Jeff sessions and Rex Tillerson because that's what we want here at home. We're watching you
@stabenow do whatever you can to block Sessions please and thank you
You are ignoring the Muslim Americans that approve of it.
@stabenow bannon has got to go!
Keep up the good work Senator. We the people support you!
please fight the travel and extreme vetting process put forth by President Trump.
No...no it doesn't...it has nothing to do with Muslims, just securing our country.Do u not care about your constituents safety?
What a disconnected misinformed political hack you are. All you dems got your anti-Trump talking points
It is becoming clear that power is being concentrated in the hands of people who don't believe principle belongs in government.  Stand up!!
.@SenStabenow It is Jan 30th
WHERE IS THAT 25TH AMENDMENT PROCESS?
U all have been HORRIBLE at protecting US
WHAT IS THE HOLD UP?
: U supported HRC in 16 correct.  Will Bill said this before too.
Please refuse to confirm any more cabinet picks & stop normal operation until Trump gets a full psychological evaluation.
@stabenow
@stabenow thank you for standing up. I just called you and tried to leave a message, your message box is full
@stabenow urge you to vote against all Trump cabinet nominations. Sessions & DeVos are as evil as Trump.  No compromise!
I miss President Obama more then words can say...
Can you and Sen.Peters hold a townhall meeting here in West Michigan and tell us what is going on?
http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-09-23/germany-a-culture-in-crisis/7868786 …
If only he knew ANY Muslims. Then again, I never saw more than one or two black ppl at Mir A Lago either. So....
why don't you people understand we are talking about illegals do you know what illegal means
we need you on the ground in Michigan at Detroit + GR airports. Any chance you or @SenGaryPeters could make it out?
senator I don't share your opinion and I suppose you deny your party supported the Enhanced Border Security and Visa Entry act
@stabenow thank u for fighting for our Muslim communities. #NoBanNoWall #nomorehate #RESIST
you are our voice and we need to be heard loud and clear.
we are waiting for you to do something. Are you at DTW right now? Are you writing legislation?
please tell us what you intend to do anout this. Feelings don't help much Senator.
Thank you for being my Senator!
please urge congress to TAKE ACTION!!!
Thank you for speaking out. What should we do next?
@ScottPaulAAM ma'am U R A SENATOR OF THE US & U SAY THIS ABOUT THE PRESIDENT? "Vibrant" Arabs R killing us & we need vetting
Your caucus has the power to drag the Senate to a crawl in protest. That's how we'll know you mean it.  If you mean it.
Thank you for stating the obvious, but we're going to need a lot more from you.
YES, but what will you all DO about it? Thankful for  @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC statement but more needed from right.
please protect our Muslim friends, family, local business owners and loved ones. Thank you for speaking out. We have your back.
Have you called @onetoughnerd yet and tried to get him to speak out?
yes!!!!  Please keep up the fight!
Thank you Senator Stabenow for speaking against the EO, please stay strong and fight against Trump!
I want to join the other MI voices in this thread to call on you to do something - anything - in addition to your good words.
Thank you for standing on the side of equality! I'm proud to have you representing me in the Senate.
Thank you for speaking out against this. Now what? What will you do? What can we do?
Thank you. Please continue to speak up and take action against these unjust policies.
Thank you for speaking out and standing up for freedom.
Thank you for representing the greater voice of the people of Michigan and standing up to Trump's bigotry.
As a MI resident, I thank you for speaking out. Please continue to fight against this unjust and illegal ban.
Thank you for standing up to hate.  Please keep fighting this racist, homophobic, misogynist, xenophobic regime. #Resist
@stabenow will you stand up for us vote no to Devoss and other horrible nominees even if they will get through anyway?
please ensure anyone detained @DTWeetin is released
@stabenow thank you for standing against Trump's unconstitutional executive order!
please continue to fight to keep America a place of diversity and tolerance! Diversity makes us stronger.
@SenGaryPeters #resist
Very glad to to see your comments against EOs. But they are only the symptoms of a President who ...
#resist ...is profoundly dysfunctional and MUST be removed from office IMMEDIATELY! He's ABNORMAL
UNSTABLE
UNFIT
#resist 
GOP recognizes this but are cynically exploiting, allowing Trump to wreak havoc before they step up ...
#resist 
... to their duty to impeach. DJT is their expendable, feral agent of discord that that are leveraging
#resist 
This situation is unconscionable and effective amounts to criminal negligence and arguably treason!
#resist 
Resistors, CALL YOUR SENATORS DIRECTLY AND TELL THEM THIS IS RECOGNIZED AND WILL NOT BE TOLERATED!!!
#resist 

CALL!
US Capitol Switchboard (202) 224-3121
you have the power to do something.Convince Repubs to remove him from office w/article 25. Vote against nominees
Thank you.  Keep fighting the good fight.  What's your next step?
@TomWellborn so very true I wish that Hillary would have fought harder instead of conceding so early.
Good to hear,  NOW DO SOMETHING.  TALK IS CHEAP.
@stabenow hope to see your attendance at one of the protests today
Checked Google to find a public statement on your support. Will you be at DTW for protest?
Good, now DO SOMETHING! The thought of my tax dollars propping up a fascist government is nauseating. ACT!!!
