Amen!
Thanks gabby
They did not support you.  We will never forgive them for that.  The Sandy Hook deniers are deplorable.
.Today, Capitol Police are hauling off disabled people without their wheelchairs b/c they protested Sen McConnell. #HealthcareBill
God Bless you, today and every day !  You are truly an Inspiration !
@bmambwe2001 God bless her
You really do not give a crap.
Happy to be part of your social network, you are inspiring.
Once touched by violence, or someone close to us experience violence life is never the same!
Again, good guys with guns saved lives.  ...And you oppose that .
You are a brace and classy lady! Keep up the good work...you get better all the time and still have A plus personality!!!!
Your heart was for rigging the 2016 primaries for @HillaryClinton. You're as crooked as she is. No one has forgotten. You need to go away.
Thank you for your courage, grace and unswerving devotion.  Some people talk the talk, you've fought to talk The and to walk the walk.
You are a sweetheart! Feeling the way you do after what happened to you..
hi
#go Gabby.... love C-ing u r getting better
If your colleagues really cared they'd do SOMETHING about gun control. Instead they send thoughts and prayers...no cost/risk to them.
@shelbyhealy good jobgabby
Thank you for continuing to exemplify what America SHOULD be, and for your courage. I am appalled at those politicizing this tragic event.
@karaforcongress @Alfree7619 @AdamParkhomenko @RobbyMook @Rosie 
A great candidate from Omaha, NE! Please support Kara!
Lots of of love to you, Gabby.
Gabby, time to stop the media that has been inciting this violence. It is time to stop the us against them! Including your anti gun group!
Ahh The Irony
Because you have something most in GOP have never heard of: class
Love you, @GabbyGiffords!!! U R an inspiration to me! I can only imagine that U feel the pain of today's shootings so deeply & personally.
Still blaming an inanimate object, I see... instead of the nonviolent, peaceful liberals.  #oops.  Conservatives don't burn down cities.
Ask the police if they would like more gun laws.
I have deep respect for you.(to heck what these foolish people say about)You always be a inspiring model.
You are one of my heroes. I am devestated by the vitriol that was directed to you,
Ow
Capitol Police risking their lives defending law makers who refuse to do anything about guns that put these police at risk.
I think your husband should run for Senate.
Helloo
Thank you.
My heart is with you Mrs. Giffords.
My heart is with you, every single day.  <3
Thank you Ms Giffords for continuing to be a voice of reason and experience.
Mine too I hope you are well Ms Gabby we love you 
It shows how crazy Bernie & Hillary supporters are... 
My heart is with the aggrieved who have to shoot people to be heard. Bad societal indictment.
Bless you Gabby!
Why is no one discussing gun control? 2 mass shootings in one day.
GOD BLESS USA. AND HOPEFULLY, WE ALL LEARNED SOMETHING. AND JUST SO U KNOW, I ADMIRE YOU.󾓦󾓦
Congressmen should of had their own guns. More gun control is laughable. If someone wants to kill, a knife can take down just as many.
Thank you Mrs. Gifford for ALL that you do and continue to do!! God bless you!!

Honor the American Taxpayers Police and Politicians by reading the American Needs. Stop Blaming Guns..Blame ObamaCare Lack of $ ForMentalIll
Stop blaming the Gun owners.Promote money for Mental Illness And Veterans.. Read the American Needs
Obama-DemsFailed All American People.
Thank you!!!!
Thankful someone had Guns to kill RepublicanAssignationKiller
More$ needed-Mental illness.Failure Obama nObamacare 
God Bless Victims n Game
Lets just hope ur struggles (INSPIRES OTHERS) to beat there struggles!!!!!
Americans should homor your presents,MRS GIFFORDS U HAVE EARNED RESPECT AND U HAVE WHAT ALL R LEADERS NEED (#CLASS) THANK U 4 ur struggles!!
You know the personal side of this horrific  act - prayers for you and your sacrifice too- thank you always for your service.
Hi dear
Let's see if they realize now that it happend to one of there own if we need to buy guns like that ,they should not be on streets.military.
Wishing Rep. Scalese and all involved a speedy recovery.  Discourse, not hatred, s/b the American way...American first, party last
While I agree with what everyone is saying ,these asswhole that get paid to figure what they should have done when that happen to kids.
@JohnJHarwood @BettyWLiu @mattmiller1973 @KateUpton @andrewrsorkin @KateBolduan ::Important to Salute'nPRAY For These Braves 'nTheirFamilies
It just baffles me that the NRA has nothing to say.
Run to Republican Party! Crazy Party are hypocrites again, and accepted no responsibility for their behavior since election! Madness!
Yeah Right! Hypocrites again! Accept responsibility for the hate and obstructing against our President . Ur shooting was blamed on us! Crazy
I definitely understand,  but moreso I feel a deeper pain for the hundreds that get shot and killed on our urban streets everyday
You are a true blessing to this planet. We love you.
Thought about your experience a lot today. #gunsense #GunControl
We need tougher gun laws restricting sale and usage.
Le monde a besoin des hommes politiciens et administratifs pour lui gérer?
In the all worldwide heroes has farmer
Courage à toutes les victimes
You are so right.
Been thinking about you and your family alot today. Hope this tragedy doesn't cause PTSD issues to worsen.
Good baby
And the @UPS upworkers in California #UPS @Teamsters #teamsters
Nai
How come no one said "When you hurt one of us, you hurt all of us" wben you were shot?
Don't let these assholes get u down, Gabby.  I admire you, and  hold u in high regard.  God bless.
We love you and your family, thank you for being an amazing leader for Arizona! #Tucson #love
And our are still with you.

Thank you.
We need someone to unite this country. We are divided. United we must stand.
This is just a terrible. The attack is terrible. We are Americans. Stop this. Trump resign. Your not good for America
It offends and hurts me that some act & say such hurtful.  God bless you & your family.
But you still want everyone defenseless?
thank you for your dedication and service.  You are loved!
#EndComplacency #EndHate
nice
We love you, Gabby!
FOX NEWS & HANNITY-

MOTTO IS DIVIDE USA IN ANY WAY POSSIBLE 

DIVIDE THEM INTO LEFT RIGHT WINGS- COLOR- MINORITY

YOU CONTINUE TO INSPIRE
Praying in Jesus name
You're the only democrat who's sympathy doesn't sound like complete bullshit right now, because you know what this shit is about.
You are such an inspiration! Thank you for your always classy actions and reactions! You are simply wonderful!
Prayer Changes Everything!
Dems inciting violence is the issue that caused today's tragedy, NOT guns. #GunsDon'tKillPeopleDo
Am n Gabbie!
Don't let the gun idiots get you down.
people are getting fed up!
Youe such a classy lady. Love yr husband too. A scientific pioneer & USA Hero
Please help us fight for a repeal of the Dickey Amendment! Scientists at the CDC should be allowed to study gun violence!
Gun violence should not well it's not that important , it's the human that need be study , his the one pulling the trigger . A good start
Which scientific, independently-funded study of gun violence led you to this conclusion?
A talk mention on prs Trump.speecg
Word.

Sending, RESPECT & ADMIRATION of your tenacity.  Also sending Hugs.  Be well, Giffords.  
Beautiful thoughts
Stated perfectly. Thank you.
I completely agree. I just wish there was more attention paid to the daily victims of gun violence. Thank You for all you do.
Amen.

This is a sad day in United States of America!!!
Is your heart with the millions of people who will lose their health care because of the GOP swine?
Well said Ms Giffords! Youre the person I thought of when this news broke, a tragic inspiratiinal reminder of senseless gun violence #thanks
 thank you, Mrs. Giffords!

You have suffered thru and incredibly journey. Stay strong and continue to use your voice combat gun violence. So proud of you
The Politibears say Bravo!  Five hunny jars for you.

- you are such an amazing lady. so full of grace and courage. and love.   america loves you .
Gabby, I can feel your pain and your level of disappointment that elements if this type are still at large.
As long as RepubliKlans and The NRA are sleeping together no meaningful Gun Legislation Will Ever Come Close To Fruition, NEVER !
My prayers go out to the shooter's family. He must've been consumed with whatever it was that prompted his actions. He knew he'd be killed
Thank You for that

Thank God some good guys had GUNS!
All republicans should be murdered
Wishing the best for all who were wounded and their loved ones! Tragic
You are an inspiration.  Thank you and bless you.
thank you for all that you have done for all of us.....
All of those with a sense of compassion and decency feel the same way as you do. The others not so much
Thank you, Gabby...you are very gracious, unlike some of these haters on Twitter
Thank you for you uniting and heartfelt words.
Never ending cycle-What r our law makers going to do this time in support of the American people not yet victimized? How many have to die?
B.
To often the NREMT'S & NREMT-P'S Get forgotten and everyone thanks the Police and Fire, but forget the paramedics who save lives daily.
God Bless you and thank you! Please ignore the ignorant comments. We stand with you!
If they had been armed, this attack would have been stopped cold. Police are minutes away when you need them NOW! Arm and defend yourself!
Sad what's happened with our country. I was in the USN during wartime & we have more hatred & fighting going on here than there it seems 
Glad republicans can agree there are white terrorists now.
So good to see you out there - pounding the pavement!!  May God continue to bless you...
It took this to united the parties? Finger pointing already, that the "Left and the media can't get behind Trump as our PTOUS. BS
When I heard the news, I instantly thought of you. This lunacy will never end, sadly. Thank you for what you do. #nohate
Thought about you a lot today!
Democrats own this.
Violence is never the answer #nomoregunviolence
Love you, Gabby
God Bless you & your family Gabby !
My hearts and prayers go out to all the victims of this shooting 
Gabby, gun control should have happened after you. There is no excuse for this. Maybe GOP will listen when it happened to them? I doubt it
You are a class act
What was the graphic for? Prayers aren't enough?
voting works... killing is not on or should  not be on any ones agenda!!!
Violence is never the answer but the president of the United States need to take some responsibility but these actions.
I honor YOU today, having been a victim of gun violence! Ma'am, you are still loved!
you should get involved with corrupt Dcs in Arizona
Scalise is a white supremacist. I have sympathy for the others. Not him.
An American hero! Thank you Gabby!
We're all peoplw, no matter what we believe, we still bleed the same color blood!
People!
If anyone's a hero...it's you.
Very sad news again. What will it take before our government stops the BS and passes laws to protect not serve the NRA!
Your a rock star!!! 
