Exclusive: Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian diplomats in their Oval Office meeting last week http://wapo.st/2pOKFnO 
I agree. What are you and your colleagues going to do about it?
Please tell us the facts Senator. Without facts your words mean nothing.
Your so down on President Trump at everything he does yet you kept quiet over Obama's shady deals!
More misleading info from Sen Stabenow: @POTUS & those in attendance deny these accusations: http://opslens.com/2017/05/15/report-tillerson-mcmaster-deny-report-trump-shared-classified-information-russia/ … She couldn't care less.
You're referring to POTUS #44, right?
You are not alarmed. Stop grandstanding.  It was common knowledge stuff.  The President can declassify anything he wants by the way.  Moron
Please subpoena the transcripts of that meeting and provide to the Senate Intel Comte. Join w/ @SenGaryPeters to get to the bottom this
Would someone please start impeachment proceedings for the President?
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT! "ALARMED" YES YES.... DO SOMETHING! 
How did you personally confirm this before this tweet? What documents were presented to you and by whom?
I still have not heard proof from Sen. Stabenow.
Where's the proof.  Stop the partisan politics. You R wasting time and our money
Stop! Now! This from incompetence personified. Can you define sedition?
Were you "deeply alarmed" when HRC had classified information on her private server? Didn't hear anything from you then. Political HACK.
I beg both parties to PUT OUR COUNTRY FIRST.  Thank You Senator Stabanow
Quit just being deeply alarmed. Do something!
, you are off point again. The REAL security threat is the leaking by pro Dems and those who want to bring down the President.
Are the @SenateGOP finally concerned too??
.Trump becomes more dangerous with each passing day;encourage Republicans to stop being complicit.
At @SenStabenow you were entitled to information that the @washingtonpost won't share? You seriously want all of MI to believe YOU? Ummm no.
Yes, Sen. Stabenow! Our Allies must trust the U.S. and this shakes the ground. #Congress must read the Constitution and use it for guidance.
I am your constituent. I fear for our country and democracy. This is real. The man is a menace who must be impeached.
No real Intel. Not like Hillary and Obama behind closed doors!
Debbie Stabinow: Where were you when Obama promised special consideration Russia. Your outrage is political charade - You don't care Russia
Please read HR McMasters statement.  You are spreading lies ma'am.
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump
News debates who is lying?  Trump is telling the truth.  He must go
Can't we impeach this idiot?
No source and no mention of what was revealed and no law broken.
Exactly! Stop treating this as normal. Start obstructing: withhold consent, filibuster, rally others. There is no more important issue.
PLEASE STOP SHOWING THE DEMO. TRUE COLORS, I'AM TIRED OF FAKE NEWS, THATS ALWAYS REPORTED WRONG.THE DEMO.PUT LIVES AT RISK OVER & OVER,2LATE
It is time to remove 45 from office. Enough is enough.
Trump has to go. He is a disaster.
Fakeocrats iffer no proof.
Impeach him!
But ... we thought you had $730 million reasons to stand with The Russians 
Agreed. As one of your supporters in #AnnArbor, I'd like you to voice support for impeachment of Trump and Sessions. This has gone too far.
Deeply alarmed? This should be a friggin OUTRAGE. #impeach
Pathetic, Senator. Where were you on Hillary? Evidence is overwhelming, but you go after Trump based on "fake" reporting
NOW, will you and other Democrats please call for impeachment?
Hope you are working on getting him out of the WH
Keep standing up for us Debbie Stabenow and what is right #TrumpLeaks
I M P E A C H
And once again you are wrong.  Tweeting before all the facts.  #embarrassingmystate
Deeply alarmed our Senator will say and do whatever she's told regardless of the facts
Did you find the 10 trillion yet?
Save this country and our democracy.. GOP stand up or everyone should be voted out of office in 2018 or 2020!!! Disgusting bunch
stop being alarmed and do something about it!!!
let a story play out before picking it up.
McMasters says it didn't happen.  He looked very angry.  I think word choice needs to be analyzed.
Deeply alarmed apparently means...still not going to do anything.

Are we going to have to put up with this garbage for the next four years he is got to go
@washingtonpost @GregJaffe the info is....Obama funded ISIS
- NO HRC gave classified emails to Weiner Huma Blumenthal and Russia & China Special Prosecutor server email . Naive to you
Vote for @triple_marcia Independent Candidate #ChangeWashington
Debbie WTH?
My dear Senator, WHAT is it going to take for Republicans in Congress to start the impeachment process? These daily bombshells are hellish.
Protect us, Debbie.  Get him out of The White House.
Uninformed senators put us all at risk. @POTUS #Trump2020
While uninformed voters vote very recklessly. Destroying dreams, freedom, education; in the name of corporations.
This man is a danger to our country. He needs to go now!
Lock him up!!
No vote on FBI director until an independent investigation! Stand strong until you receive this result.
We are deeply alarmed that you believe every piece of hearsay that the Washington Post prints! You are either paranoid or stupid!
What's a little #obstructionofjustice, #treason or #lies if you can do all of the above to line your pockets?  #VoteThemOut #hypocrisy #GOP
