Regrettably politics now interfering with Judge Gorsuch who has the highest ABA (Am Bar Assoc) rating possible. Partisan politics by Dems.
The blockage of Merrick Garland was nothing BUT politics. Wake up. This was wrong all the way around
@GOP just blocked EVERYTHING  Obama said/did   That's not running the gov. it's being playground babies
And what do you call the Biden and Reid Rules?   Back at you... Republicans just adopting the Dems' playground rules. Look in the mirror.
wait n see. I thin part of bigger plan. 2 many @GOP w/dirty Russian hands. Holding nom. 4 new Pres. when it looked like dem win? illogical
Dirty hands-Hillary's missing emails from her unprotected servers - easy access for any Russian hacking, 5 immunities given to Hillary staff
PS emails were never missing. Propaganda that has been more than disproved. Move on to current matters
Your resistance is shameful and embarrassing for Michigan! You will be voted out and replaced with an American! 
#nov18' 
#disgrace
Say it with me Debbie:  JUSTICE GORSUCH. Man that feels nice.
Michigan was won by President Trump so now please follow our wishes and vote yes for Gorsuch.
Absolutely right, @SenStabenow. SCOTUS has to enjoy popular support so people think their decisions fair. Gorsuch nom tainted whole court.
He had very broad support when Gorsuch was elected to the 10th. You were there I believe. The change from the Dems is totally political.
As it should be.
And they were not nominated by a president under @FBI investigation  Dems failed us bigly
How exactly are Dems responsible...? People voted for a Russian puppet con man and his swamp.  Dem can only hope voters clean house in 2018.
They should've been in every neighborhood, town, big city & little. They were not out helping other Dems win House & Senate seats across.
Requires volunteers 4 canvas; Did you help?  Easy to look back & cry coulda/shoulda/woulda!  4 fake news has been proven in swing areas.
Can't wait to vote you out. Your partisanship is so obvious. Party first, party last, party always right comrade.
Oh pulease!  I believe you are speaking about the @GOP  Don't you think maybe it's all the messages from her constituents driving her vote?
No she's just a sheep. Tell me again why Gorsich is not qualified? Oh yeah, he's not a wacko lib.
Until the Democrats started filibustering for the first time in history scotus nominees
First time in history there is a president who mocks the disabled.
HRC said it best "the drump effect ". We suffer consequences from this lunatic
He doesn't have broad support bc of his agenda of bigotry & unrealistic originalist philosophies.
Sure, because reading a law & it's intent as opposed to passing it through the filter of "feelings" is how being a judge works.
Wrong. The original understanding/intent is unknowable & originalism does not eliminate the need for value judgement.
Abelists like u would know. Go ahead. Talk shit while u still have the right to free speech & the disabled have no protections. Originalism.
Right, and the irony being that the left is anti-free speech and anti natural rights. As mentally disabled as you are, you still have rights
It is obvious to most of us that the @GOP and @MitchMcConnell care little about the U.S. Senate. It's all about being part of #Trump Cult...
One nation under Fox  I blame these uneducated commentators for the downfall of America
Your blind partisan opposition to Jusge Gorsuch say far more about you than it does him. We deserve better than you give us.
she did her job! majority of Americans DON'T want a radical  Gorsuch on supreme court. Especially since he refused to answer key questions
"Radical" must have a different meaning where you're from.
He is very well known for his extreme right views & court decisions favors corps against women
Where were U in the historically broad support.  Shame on YOU!  And don't give us the Merrick Garland reply!  Get over it & HRC loss.
The only place Justice Gorsuch lacked support is among Senate Democrats
Thank you, Senator Stabenow for sticking up for what is right.  Prez is under investigation; no lifetime appts. allowed.
Clinton was impeached, let's take away all his picks.
for a damn blow job!  Not TREASON!  Not destroying our democracy. No lying and colluding with our biggest enemy! Get real!
Let me know when any body gets any proof of that, not just losers whining.No leaks means it's made up.
I WILL ACTIVELY WORK TO MAKE SURE YOU DON'T GET RE-ELECTED
Thank you for your hard work and continuing to stay strong!
Thank you for standing strong against this nominee. Sad day for American democracy
So?! History poor predictor of future events Things change. USA must evolve, Status quo isn't producing optimal results. Time for change
Please keep standing up for MI. we really do appreciate it, & know how hard it is and will become to be our voice
Thank you for standing up for your constituents. I see the trolls are out & angry here. They aren't your majority. Some are just mouthpieces
Thank you, Senator, please continue to fight for us!
thank you for standing up!! We appreciate your fighting for Michiganders against GOP manipulation of SCOTUS
Thank you for efforts in  representing your constituents,  the great state of Michigan, and your this amazing country of ours!
What a shame it had to be that way..You are in the way of long awaited progress..
Thank you @SenStabenow - NO on Gorsuch. No rewards for SCOTUS thefts.
Thank you for representing us Sen. Stabenow. You have our support.
Thank you for participating in the filibuster, Senator. 
Debbie THX FOR ALL YOUR HARD WORK !! Thank you !
thank you, senator Stabenow, for representing. Keep fighting the good fight, we support you! 
Thank you, Senator Stabenow. I am ashamed of those who would change the rules to get their way.
Neil Gorsuch has the broadest of support conceivable, including the highest marks possible from the American Bar Assoc. YOU ARE IN DENIAL!
you are.... his decisions in cases speak for them selves
Thank you Senator Stabenow!!!
Illegitimate President = Illegitimate Justice.
Thanks for all you do for the great State of Michigan.
Thank you for standing strong. They will own everything this court puts through that harms Americans and our constitution
he would too if you stop licking your wounds and move on.
Dems should charge McConnell with ethics violations re: Judge Garland & call on the Supreme Ct to rule before allowing a vote.
Thanks so much for persisting!
You are correct.  The Republicans should not even have had this nomination to make, but they change the rules to suit themselves.
I'm grateful to have you as my Senator. Thank you for your integrity.
Thank you, @SenStabenow. Michigan stands with you.
Thank you Senator Stabenow, you have my support.
That's because you are a partisan and will not look at him objectively.Hard to agree on anything if u keep this pattern of refusal to listen
It's frustrating GOP change the rules to suit party over the Nation.  Gorsuch does not side with the average American. TY for your efforts.
Good for you. Thank you for standing up for our country and standing for against a stolen nominee from the last legitimate president
Smarmy and condescending. Just what we've come to expect from you.
I agree
Thank you for your hard work Senator. It's a sad day for our Senate. #resist
#trumpsamerica
Thank you for standing with the people of Michigan and the American people.
Keep standing up for us! The vast majority of America is on your side. Do not back down! Give them the hell they gave Obama for 8 yrs.
Thank you Senator for fighting for our democracy. We are firmly behind you!
Always fighting and never negotiating or working with the opposite party. Fight fight fight. Typical how the Liberals work.
Keep fight Senator Stabenow. You have our support. #Indivisible
Dems decided to use devisive identity politics. You can't expect broad support, and it's your narratives at fault.  #NotStabenow2018
This sets a terrible precedent. Thank you for all you are doing to stand up for what is right.
Thank you @SenStabenow for standing up for the citizens of Michigan & the country
It's all because you people are acting like little kids. If Hillary won and she nominated him you would vote for him no questions asked!!!
Because previous votes have been on qualifications, not politics. You have made the process a joke. You are an embarrassment to Michigan.
nope you are
Your dealing with a Trump lead GOP. You never should have allowed the hearings.
historically the other party acted more sensibly toward the majority party.
Let the people vote on justices!!!!  I think he would have been approved by the people
Yes very possible that the people would have voted him in. I vote not by party lines but for the person I think would do a great job.
I think Gorsuch is a good choice. We need check and balances in every area of government.  Maybe justices should be voted on by the people.
Yes.  That is why Gorsuch is such a great nominee.  YOU supported him before and now you're a political hack.  So tired of you hypocrisy.
Know we just need to hope he does the right things on the bench and vote out GOP candidates in 2018.
Ashamed of U. Biased partisan to down vote an eminently qualified judge bc partisan politics. Gorsuch eminently qualified. Y R not!
The Supreme Court has never used as partisan pawn by any party until the Republican played the game even changed the rules to win typical
which Judge Gorsuch has, by the people.
You should have shown more respect. Thank Harry Reid.
Is it true that contrary to your belief, 4 of the current SCJs got less than 50 votes in the Senate? #demslie #fakenews #factcheck
Why did you not support him today but you did before? Politics, that is why.
Your last act of TREASON against Michigan and America !!! You will pay for your crimes Debbie Stabenow !!!
You have disgraced your office today senator.  You do NOT represent MI.Come election time we will make your lack of representation official
Seriously? Are you really serious? Do you even know how it's SUPPOSED to work?  She did EXACTLY what she was supposed to do. Do ur homework
Yes I am. Yes I am. Yes I do. And no she didn't. Any other questions?
You are despicable!
The American Bar Association gives him the highest rating, they are far more qualified than any of you in Congress combined.
Not this one
Right up until you partisan hacks opposed a highly qualified judge because of who nominated him. You're utterly disingenuous & dishonest.
It's time to rethink lifetime appointment. Thru 1800, a life expectancy of 30-40 was typical. I doubt founders anticipated 30+ yrs on bench.
This government no longer has any legitimacy. Large portion of this administration is under investigation for crimes against USA.
Does Thomas ring a bell? Broad support from leftist of R's nominations who made it to SC is a false narrative. Good try.
Until the Dems became such obstructionist and crybabies
We, your constituents expect you to vote for Gorsuch.
There was no valid reason to oppose #ConfirmGorsuch. Partisan obstructionism is not a valid reason.
#NuclearOption
#ConfirmGorsuch
#SCOTUS
Republicans may never get another pick #voteofnoconfidence
Obviously disingenuous and reading your talking points.
#liar
97% of rulings were unanimous and mainstream. You brought this on yourself
how?  By not even allowing Merrick Garland into the process?  This has been part of the program from Russia. McConnell's hands are dirty too
Not sice the Obama administration
Deal with it. And thank @SenatorReid
Gorsuch does NOT have broad support from voters. Corrupt GOP is another matter that will be dealt with in future votes by people.
