The Great Lakes are absolutely critical to our economy in Michigan and funding supports fishing, boating, hunting, and more.
I was born and raised in Michigan and love our Great Lakes. If you live in Michigan, I know you feel the same way.
That’s why I asked folks in Michigan to stand up to protect our Great Lakes and share their favorite Great Lakes memories on my website.
The responses were incredible!  So many people shared memories about their families and children and I want to share some of them with you.
Bruce from Bloomfield Hills: “fireworks over Little Traverse Bay, ferry rides to Mackinac Island, sunsets in South Haven…
…the reaction whenever I bring someone to the Lake Michigan shore is always the same: they’re stunned.”
Donna from Muskegon: “I came here for grad school & Michigan is now my home. I hope our gov’t protects the waters and shores of our state.”
Jennifer from Howell: “My dad grew up in Ishpeming and every year I looked forward to our trips ‘up North’ in the summer and at Christmas…
…it’s hard to put into words what an important part the Upper Peninsula and Great Lakes have played in my life.”
Gerald from Sparta: “I take my kids and grandkids to enjoy the beauty and teach them we have a responsibility to care for our Great Lakes.”
Tim from Port Huron: "Since retiring my wife and I have traveled extensively throughout the United States and abroad...
...We have yet to lay eyes on any bodies of water as beautiful as our Great Lakes."
Anne from Trenton: “My first trip to Lake Michigan was when I was 3 or 4…I remember the warmth of the sand and the clear blue water.”
Elizabeth from Northport: “My favorite memories of growing up in Michigan are shaped by the Great Lakes…
…I remember running down to the beach early in the morning hoping to catch minnows with my father…
…We are privileged to do such wonderful things that are free and open to the people of Michigan & protected for everyone.”
Victoria from Russell: “As kids, we took the beaches for granted. Watching my grandkids run at Tunnel Park brings back memories.”
Ralph from Berkley: “I was supposed to pick a favorite memory but there are too many to even pick just one!”
It’s critical we have the resources to protect our Great Lakes and we must stand together to do that.
Please get involved. Visit my website at http://stabenow.senate.gov/GreatLakes  to share your story.
Michigan’s future, and all of the Great Lakes, depend on it!
@SenStabenow I agree. I'm outraged. They should cut salaries if you dead beat politicians and giving our money to Israel
I think that some great lakes states helped to elect this idiot. Here is your payback. Live with it.
Gosh, that seems like an eternity ago. Last week we learned that the FBI has an open investigation that Trump conspired with Putin.
If he wants to do it, there is a good reason, tell us the whole story.
The outrage is your support for FAR LEFT agenda items and corruption. You should be impeached.
Good.  Save taxpayers some more money.
Maybe if Starts didn't make it legal to poison the lake waters, this wouldn't be an issue
Looking for $? Get it from planned parenthood. I'd rather protect babies than fish.
Even if this is true, there's only so much money, Debbie. "Your" president placed us at the brink of bankruptcy. #Prioritization
Every sportsman and all of us need to see the danger in this
you are quite busy [wo]manning our democracy; if constituents can't interact w/you then they just stop listening #TownHall
I hear he wants to drain the lakes and move them south?
Right, so what are you going to do about that?!? Get on it Debbie!
CUTTING BACK ON FUNDING FOR OUR GREAT LAKES=CUTTING BACK.?????
The cuts proposed are up for negotiations, thats how deals are made. We are 20 trillion in debt, it would be prudent to start paying it down
But adding 52 billion to an already bloated defense budget is ok?
it is horrible and the worst part is Trump only wants do it to look tough. he could give a shit about regular middle class people.
Real tough guy that trump…walks out of a executive order signing because someone asked him about Flynn. Poor baby
Yes he is..he will not let anyone bully him. You Trump haters are nauseating bunch of A-holes. Enjoy America and stop complaining.
You need to mobilize your constituency. Tell us when and where to show up and we'll be there. The lakes are our life. Be a leader.
@SenSchumer  $20 TRILLION IN DEBT. How do you clowns not understand this? You created it! Slow spending, increase revenues = debt reduction.
Yes!  And paying for Melania to live in NY. Kids to travel. Going to Florida all the time = totally fine & >>> nature and Great Lakes
Do you really want to compare golf budgets?
Per week? Yes, yes I do.
I'm afraid you would lose that argument badly. Obama played golf 306 times while in office. At least Trump does business & his own course.
Oh bob you actually made me laugh! You realize he is profiting off his own course? And eight weeks versus eight years
As your leader would say. Sad!
Bad news, hon. He is your leader, too. : )
crazy wants to build useless walls and defund critical projects
. @SenStabenow @SenSchumer put on ur big girl panties & deal with it Senator. #growup
Ha ha GOP suddenly concerned about national debt. Laughable!  Check the history books, kids and let the grown ups back running things
Dems need to give SCOTUS to GOP in exchange for the vote to force release of Trump taxes
No. Don't need them anymore. We already know that Trump is making money from Blind Trust. 40 year not worth it
Just complaints, no gratitude for the Flint water issue funding?
That was approved and funded last year. Funds just released. So, no. No gratitude for that from this administration.
Big mistake
Can't afford to take care our Great Lakes but he can play golf every weekend  what is wrong with this picture. thank you Senator Stabenow
This is why we are almost $20 TRILLION in debt! Time to start real cuts!
Yes! No more "free stuff" .
Like California, money for the Great Lakes was probably squandered or misappropriated, Stabenow not telling truth. A typical US Politician
Debbie, Your voters will have to pay more in state taxes. It's a thing called paying your own way.This is why we elected Trump! Deal with it
The Great Lakes are international waiters that have 90% of our fresh waster. Potable water has great value to the US.
We have to cut the budget. You can blame Obama for running up the debt. Sorry, but the states will have to pay.
I agree the debt has to be cut and I could see cuts across the board. I can't stomach complete elimination for environment but THE WALL.
The Dems are outrageous, using fear tactics to win back votes.Budget cuts affect the nation,we all will face the reality of a $20 trill debt
Why do GOPers ALWAYS accuse Democrats of employing their vile tactics?  The GOP platform is predicated on fear mongering.
Meanwhile, Mi Legislators give even more big businesses tax breaks. Hey, GOP stop using the middle class to kiss ass the rich @onetoughnerd
Business tax breaks increase jobs, growth and small business opportunities. Maybe reducing spending on bloated govt programs will help.
Ah yes trickle down theory. History has proven that "logic" is fallacious - see Reagan Admin for real life example of epic failure
Kansas too. Can always move there.
Seriously, why is this person still in power? 37% approval rating and all these controversies? His presidency costing us so much. Why? Why?
Pillage, Plunder and Graft, Attorneys at Law, would disagree.
Well Debbie, there is a thing called a budget. Something Trump is more qualified to manage than you & Chuck. Your state wil have to pay!
So do your job, pass specific bills. Don't give money to an agency and wash your hands. That's lazy.
Vote yes for Neil Gorsuch!  Vote yes!
The GL problem is passe. You are't sincere youR searchin 4 votes.
The free ride is over. Get over it.
@SenSchumer lake Michigan is so polluted the beaches have danger warnings! U have done nothing with the resources you've had!
Debbie as a public servant you should be outraged at the waste and mismanagement no one dealt with when liberals were in charge.
#Schumer #IslamicState
Clean them up yourselves! Not my tax dollars!
When fresh water becomes a little bigger problem Trump doesn't get any.
Last time you lied about funding #mealsonwheels
Oh no ! Guess we will have to start calling them the ( not so great lakes )
Still outraged!
Please Debbie stand your ground. don will not damage our beautiful lakes.
We all need to learn that Federal funds are limited. We cannot keep borrowing money to fund every possible congress person's agenda.
Your not the only one, cuts everywhere that's what a businessman does when company in the red, like our Govt. Perhaps donate your salery.
He doesn't know where they are.
Okay Debbie, we heard the news. So, what are you going to do about it? You and Gary need to be more aggressive.
I have lived by the great Lakes my entire life To depend on federal funds is irresponsible & probably unconstitutional. Mi should pay for it
Vote for Gorsuch, Senator.
Trump donates part of salary to National Park Service,
Great lakes #FakeNewsMedia !
Take care of your own lakes
Well when you are planning a nuclear war w N Korea all the cuts start to make more sense.
And yet he donated his first paycheck to National Parks! He doesn't know what he's doing!
Another wasteful liar misrepresenting facts. The funding cut is in your schemes to use the people's money 2 fund your power grabbing agenda
YOU were outraged, I am pleased! Budgets NEED to be slashed.  Obama put us in huge debt need drastic steps! Belt tightening never pleasant!
That's the difference between you and us is you're worried about a lake and were worried about a country and our world
Don't let them Debbie!  Thank you for standing up to this horrific administration!
Why don't you take care of it at a stat level and stop complaining
Why should us in Texas care and have to pay for this?  Government is supposed to be a limited function, not a handout agency.
Then why didn't you take care of them in the first place sanctuary city
If it has President Obama"s name on it we can kiss it all good-by.
Come up with a plan.
Seriously,  no funding for the Great Lakes.  Then get in there and talk to Mr Trump.  He is not unapproachable. He will listen
Fake news
Outraged? WTF did you think was going to happen? 
Maybe WI MI OH and PA shouldn't have voted for @POTUS
So much for taking care of the rust belt states
Understand, but tell me how the money was spent wisely and not wasted first, then we can talk "crucial" funding
take care of your own lakes...
Husband & 2 girls born in MI...Our 8 yr old daughter had to ski under Mighty Mac! W/O EPA...climate may change Great Lakes to the singular
Breaking news?
Take that money y'all spend on Muslims and use it for your lakes
Maybe if you would support your president maybe he might work with yall
Why is it EVERYTHING the #DEMocRATS stand for is completely out of touch with americans?!?! @seanspicer @POTUS @FoxNews @RealJamesWoods @GOP
at the cost off $19,000/person to settle an incoming immigrant, then paying their medical bills and education ... lets save lakes for awhile
He's going to stop the rain! How diabolical!
Guess people in Michigan regret voting for the Liar In Chief!  When will Trumpers wake up -he ran on your backs to enrich himself &  top2%!
Why not -he is destroying everything else that is good in this country. His agenda is monstrous! Impeach the clown now!
:(
@SenSchumer U think when China takes over after calling in our debt they will use that Lake for anything else but a dump ?
If he doesn't fund the lake where will it go? Will boats no longer float? I'm confused. Sounds like a waste of money.
@SenSchumer When do U stop blowing our tax dollars. 20 trillion not enough for U crooks ???
Thank you for your continued fight for our Lakes!
Unless you can fund it 100% consider it chopped!! Democrats always think they have a bottomless supply of cash!! NOT ANYMORE!!
Trump = Environmental Terrorist
What does crucial funding pay for?  DNR?
I have to say I totally believe this president needs to be sent packing he's a total idiot
<<two pigs
DEBBIE U better vote to confirm SCT nominee! get bipartisan or get OUT!
We Do NOT Want Big Government Any Longer!  When will Dems figure this out???
So?
@SenSchumer well MI Ohio Wisconsin PA voted him in. How are you liking it now?
@SenSchumer imagine how outraged #Canadians are that he has ZERO regard for OUR #GreatLakes
Can I be outraged that your voting against a clearly qualified nominee to SCOTUS because your a hyperpartisan!
MI voted for him.  Are the people having voters remorse?  To late now, they should have thought back then.  We sounded the alarms.
Yep! I warned my facebook friends but they watch too much Fox news! Idiots
Are your facebook friends sorry?
Wow 10,00.00 was donated to your campaign no wonder your all for PP  Money talks so sad for you Pathetic
Starting point for discussions. Lay out a convincing case for the right amount of funding.
The Dems are priceless! Cut someone else not our funding! These are the same politicians that will spend us into oblivion, they r a disgrace
Cuts in Coast Guard funding affects the Great Lakes as well. What a mess!
Pork.
I still am outraged!
oh
Thanks, and hello from NY, next to Lake Erie
Sen.Stabenow..Instead of cherry picking what should or shouldnt be cut, maybe all agencies and programs need to share the burden of cuts.
All programs could take a % cut. This is elimination of funding for 90% of our fresh H2O supply. It's important. Drink bottled H2O? Thank MI
Over dramatic DEM liberal nonsense...create a disaster where there isn't one, keep the fear going and lie, lie, lie!
Why shld my FED TAX $$ from AZ support MI Great Lakes. GET YOUR STATE TO STEP UP! NOT WITH MY FED TAX $$
Some of our tax money pays for stuff we don't use. Vegans pay for ranchers. Athletes pay for disabled. Someone pays for AZ highways.
I would GLADLY pay more AZ state tax for AZ state highways than have my FED TAX $$ spent on stuff I don't agree with!!
We need LESS FED GOV involved in our lives and need to get our states to do right by their citizens! States only want FED hand-outs!
Without that crucial funding something bad might happen to the water in one or more cities in Michigan. You are stunningly out of touch.
When exactly will you be outraged that private citizens were surveilled because of politics? Michigan wants to know if you condone this?
They're already great. No need to make them great again. Dems are beyond desperate, especially you, Chucky!
@SenSchumer I am glad we have representatives who have our back on this crucial issue.
Why would tax dollars have to be given for the Great Lakes y'all should make enough money from the lakes to take care of them Not tax dolla
It's time for the #GOP to acknowledge his incompetence and corruption and start #impeachment proceedings
Try cutting some obvious pork in that bloated gov spending. You might not understand you people can't keep spending like you do. Pl reply
It's the only thing he doesn't want to be "Great" maybe we should rename them
The So-So Lakes.
I guess that must mean he doesn't have any Trump golf courses on or near the Lakes. Self-Serving Crass Man. There's a Special Place in Hell.
@SenSchumer why do lakes need fed money, exactly?  God made them
This President wants to completely eliminate a host of crucial funding from our elderly, children and even handicapped. Impeach Trump!
@SenSchumer loser politicians put us 20 trillion in debt. Blame them for lack of funds and praise Trump for trying
Keep fighting the good fight for our Great Lakes & know we are all with you!
You want to get, you have to give and just obstruction from entire Dem party.
repubs obstructed EVERYTHING for 8 years! Did you tell them to stop?
Didn't matter; Obama has his phone and pen: remember? I call that dictatorship over democracy!!!! He did everything he wanted.
and how is trump different. He signs exec orders 2 tines a week.
Guess he decided if your guy could do it and get by with it, so could he. So guess you didn't like either one of the, huh?
My guys were Kennedy & Reagan; different parties but for the good of all ;  not partisan & divisive like today!
are you happy with his nepotism? How is ivanka qualified to give world advice? And Bannon knows national security? You are naive
@DoubleMyDose @plmesserla
You are always outraged! Get over it
Proverbs 28:13
He who covers his sins will not prosper, But whoever confesses and forsakes them will have [1/2]
mercy. [2/2]
You are correct and Drumpf has so so much to confess. He is a Godless heartless heathen and if you think otherwise I will pray for you. 1)
