Don't let the old white men get you down. THANKS FOR STANDING UP FOR US!
Thank you @SenStabenow for all your hard work!  RESIST!
More fear mongering!
thank you Senator Stabenow  keep up the good fight
Thank you for supporting Medicare .
Thank you!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you! You rock.
go Debbie! He cannot be confirmed. Send him on his way and have him take don with him.
He is not quit spreading rumors!!i understand that you are p•••d that your party lost!! Get over it!!
No body cares!
thanks Senator!
omg yes pleAse
I will never vote for you again!
thank you for opposing this nomination.  Risk of increased morbidity, mortality with declines in population health overall.
we need help!
@LeahR77 @LindaSuhler @tamaraleighllc @HalleyBorderCol @ConstanceQueen8 
@DrLee4America @DrMartyFox @ChristieC733 #CCOT
AAAAAAAANNNNNDDDDDD He's confirmed.  You lose...again.
thank you! Let's reach across the aisle and get some NO votes from Rs also!
so far your track record is looking grim and your trajectory doesn't look any better.  Maybe you should help instead of fight?
@lafloran i deserve my medicare in 2 years! Please make sure we get what we worked for! Thank you senator
Thank you on behalf of my almost-ready for Medicare mother!
Good luck and keep fighting for the 99%.
, thank you for fighting for us
Thank you, Senator. There is not one proposed appointee of whom I approve.
thank you
Thank you Sen. Stabenow
THANK YOU!
Good luck to all of us Senator.
And he has participated in unethical buying/selling of investments related to his work on Capitol Hill, . @SenStabenow
hard to believe any democrat after HRC and Warren.
Thank you, Senator!
-- Thank you for your hard work. Keep it up!
thank you Senator!
waste more time, LOL you had a defection on the sessions vote, and all your Senators weren't there!!
Thank you!
That must be a great thing for all that get the failed Medicare system today. People will be served better!
Thank you!
thank you!
Thank you for looking out for us the best you can, @SenStabenow.  We voters are paying attention & appreciate each battle! :)
..you are putting Party before the country & MI..you are twisting the facts..time for you to retire..
Thank you for representing us!
aren't you tired of losing yet please start working for America and stop trying to tear us apart nothing but an obstructionist
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for standing up for us!

good luck!!  I think your back is up against the wall!!  Thank you. Vote2018
We support you....give him hell!
I work with families who will be greatly impacted & I hope congress stands up to Trump even if bullied by him on twitter!
thank you for your courage to stand up and do the right thing. That seems to be missing these days
thank you senator!
@JumpTheRework we're beside you Ms Senator!! Stay strong your on the right side hopefully they don't Elizabeth Warren you
don't let him do that
no. The baby boomers will perish
Thank you for fighting the good fight!
Same old democrat talking point...Not True!  Listen to ALL your constituents!
be honest just once. You are voting against him because he has an "R" behind his name
A big reason (there are many) could be that he put himself in a position to profit from legislation.
@jimenezana thank you for fighting for us. Appreciate what you are doing!
When you're up for reelection I'm going to release everything I've dug up on you and people will see your true colors. Bye bye
Thank You!  Sen. Stabenow
thank you
Thank you Debbie!
thank you Debbie!
Go Debbie!!
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you senator for actually doing what's best for America.
Thank you!!!!
