@Redwingsdiva it's disgusting...and continues to get worse!
Going to the MI Dem Convention on Sat, looking forward to meeting you there.
@MarchOnLansing More predictable than outrageous. Fight the good fight!
I agree! Thank you for fighting against the rampant corruption in this admin.
Please review the last 8 years with the Constitution of the USA in hand and then tell me about rampant corruption.
Might I introduce you to the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution? Our "president" is in clear violation of it.
Please read it again @POTUS & @VP have different #restrictions.  Also @POTUS promises foreign profit to US Treasury.
Emoluments Clause absolutely applies to Exec branch. Profits from 1 hotel are not profits from all bldgs. #divest
dont make accusations without showing us proof.
suggest you read the rule. Not Exxon Mobil specific. All US resource companies included. Was controversial from beginning.
upset because the "R "S are playing the game better than you liberals?
outrageous but not surprising. What are the #Dems doing to prevent more of this? #GOPlies @GOP @MIGOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
.@SenStabenow OUTRAGROUS you not tell whole truth about bill??Helps ALL oil companies be more competitive. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS MAGA.
.@SenStabenow Not telling whole story.lying to constituents. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @TruckerRandy @secstatewa
I really appreciate your informative commentaries.  Thank you for your  service!
Well what are you going to do about it NOTHING as usual
actually, Senator stabenow is one of the hardest-working senators in the Senate. She is busting her ass!
we don't see that when she doesn't show up to confirmation hearings. We see a democratic temper tantrum.
Only reason you don't "see" her is bc she's in a different confirmation hearing next room over!
she boycotted with the rest of the Democratic Party, that's why thrill was changed to confirm tillerson&Price
as their actions bring us closer to war with Iran, u should be concerned.  It's about safety
DJT is only cleaning up obamas mess, which the Democratic Party blindly followed
Repubs had a majority in Congress Last 8 yrs who made mess?  DJT mess already worse.
we do not need more powerful giant industry which is answerable to no one.  History has proven corps do NOT do the right thing
#OlympusHasFallen #IAmTheStorm IMPEACH THIS CORRUPT REGIME, NOW!
Time to step out of your alternative universe into reality.
This is reality, TROLL. Watch how he strips our rights one by one. Fool.
thanks Debbie for doing what MI majority wants.
outrageous an elected senator allows confirmations while they all sat at home and stayed quiet! #shameful #Nov18' change sen's!
Save your outrage for the attackers of free speech, rioters and obstructionists.  We're losing freedoms.  DO YOUR JOB!
@octoberskeye Everything is outrageous at this point in time- keep playing hardball!
because it's unconstitutional?
there certainly is. See above.
Outrageous that you are a Senator. Go America!
oh yeah that definitely has Hillary's record beat
#CROOKS
Please read the act before you post fake news
@Lisaallenfitnes @LeonardLanceNJ7   Have to check how u voted. Let's talk at your town hall. Good times ahead.
your voice would mean more if you supported the President Trump who Michigan voted for
NEVER going to happen! #blood on #MI #GOP hands #Flint more than #lead the #CYA now in #DC #USA in danger
sadly this is a poor policy on the part of Stabenow to look beyond her own career
conti..her responsibility to her state and people respect our highest office
respect does not mean agreement or trust
absolutely correct
If there was really a connection, they should have voted to make Exxon a non-profit organization.
OK, what can we citizens do about it? Can we ask MoCs to cancel it with a new law?
You are OUTRAGEOUS!
Your days of fighting are over. There will be nothing left for you to fight for. Your time to do battle has passed.
Shouldn't everyone abide by an anti-bribery rule? I'm genuinely curious.
Rex & Exxon can bribe Putin & Putin can use the money to bribe Trump & his gang of traitors. Makes sense to me.
Keep fighting for America, please. I'm behind you here in MI! Thank you!!
keep up the good fight!
that's why you must Resist everything it is cloaked in lies and corruption.
outrageous, yes. surprising? sadly, no.
@dg33 thank you Senator Stabenow!  #Michigan will go back to BLUE!!!!!
@MarchOnLansing 
Outrageous.
Not remotely surprising.
you better do something about it Debbie, otherwise I'm gonna write-in Mr Potato Head in the next election.
Oh go cry in your baby bottle.  Outrageous that you boycotted hearings like a child throwing a tantrum.  Show some respect.
I fear damage they do will be irreversible.  And there is no justice. Scary times.
keep fighting senator!
not surprised.  Hope for the best, expect the worst.   We have to defend our values tooth and nail.
There are a lot of outrageous things that your party did in the last 8 years. Quit complaining and get to work!!
maybe if you would've shown up you could have raised your concerns. Your outrage is falling on deaf ears. #tiredofdemhissyfits
What more can we all do?
Not shocked. This is just not going to end well for us.
this sickens me. I fear it is only the beginning.
shortly after 19.5℅ of rosneft was sold to someone? Same amount allegedly offered to Trump team. Russian puppet in White House.
All bets...and rules, are off. We are now just another feral republic controlled by an oligarchy and sensationalist media.
Thank you Senator, for pointing out. Insanity!
if it's outrageous 2 u..what r u going 2 do about it?
Stop making it sound as though we are giving bribes - you know it isnt true
I agree, fight harder!
they have no shame. #resist
yes outrageous... he needs to be stopped... the time is now #Senatestepitup
everyone's saying 4 her to do more work. Get off ur butt and go to local Dems office; stop waiting for someone else to do it.
sometime i think u r outrageous too ole deb! how is the face lift going
quit bitching about it been and gone working your local office. She can't do it alone.
@RepJackBergman Can you help?
I guess all want part of the oil deal.  Big bucks!!  Astounding
After the fact u r tweeting? That's freakin great. We the people can see this crap from a mile away. WTF is wrong with u guys ?
MAYBE DEMS NEED TO ACTUALLY GO OUT INTO SMALL TOWNS AND GET THOSE VOTERS. i am ashamed to vote democrat cuz of way trump won.
Then do something about it. Go to local Dems office and get to work. Don't wait for someone else to do it for you
Have a Nationally Televised Town Hall on this & EOs. Dems must get truths out on top of the intentional barrage of false news.
This administration needs to be done now. Lies, corruption, scandal, any dem wouldve been impeached by now. Please do something
Good Friday Morning,Sen.Debbie Stabenow,of Michigan
how corrupt is Washington?
@criticalthinkrs As much as I hate this, to be fair foreign companies aren't subject to the same rules. It would only hurt USA
We must carry our fight into Paul Ryan & Mitch McConnell districts. Protest outside business in districts & boycott.
and turn up the pressure by calling their offices, everyday!
this whole situation is outrageous.  Please follow the will of the people and your constituents by resisting everything.
Not all constituents want everything resisted.  Only the things that are unconstitutional.
If other countries can bribe and Exxon can't how does that help american businesses?
How can this continue to happen?
because people keep voting in the Republicans.
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT
