U R not saving healthcare just prolonging the agony of its demise! Health care is not an enumerated power of the Feds. Let states manage it.
Thank you, Senator!! We have your back!
Epstein in 2018
REPEAL & REPLACE Obamacare. That IS what the MAJORITY of MI VOTERS voted for.
If you fix the system work together
Clean repeal Now!
I'd like to have $18 premiums again. Can you undo Obama care?
Thank You Sen Stabenow for fighting for us everyday on healthcare! We continue to Persist/Resist with you!
It isn't saved. You guys need a bailout. Going to sit back and watch it fail. You libs own this mess. You created it.
Thank you for fighting for the sick and suffering Now Senator will you support Veterans access to medical cannabis therapy for PTSD?
PTSD injures the human endocannabinoid system, medical cannabis can help treat that injury.
Thank you for your diligence, professionalism and compassion.
THANK YOU @SenStabenow @SenGaryPeters
Sen. Roy Blunt of Missouri,  TRUTH
What are you talking about? Saving? There is no saving with Obamacare!
GOOD  TUESDAY, Sen. Debbie Stabenow,of Michigan YES!!
Sen. Roy Blunt of Missouri, TRUTH
Vote NO on whatever healthcare bill the Senate GOP comes up with. Fix Obamacare! Then plan for Medicare for all! 

#MedicareForAll
Appreciate conversations you've had w/ Republican women Senate colleagues. Three women came through to stop #ACA repeal without replacement
Thank you for fighting. Still here hoping you embrace universal healthcare though.
You saved nothing. You doomed millions to YOUR Obamacare collapse. Congratulations. #obamacarefail
And we'll  continue to fight for it.
Save it by repeal. If you actually believe that this is good for working people then you are a complete fool!
now is the time to get everyone together and figure out how to establish a health care system.promote and reward healthy living
Kill trumpcare once and for all!
"Our" health care? You don't have Obama care! I signed a petition mandating that YOU politicians must have Obamacare!
You have got to stand up for the people that voted you in and repeal & replace Obama care.
I hope you r going to vote 4 repeal. Obama care hurting MI. Cant work full time, get fined, cant afford it, i voted 4 you, so vote 2 repeal
This message is from Michigan's senator for only the stupid people
Thank you for saying no to a terrible bill.
Thank you!!! Great job!
Debbie; I am 60 and Appling for disable benefits. And I worry about my future health care. "Should I" ?
Thank YOU!
Repeal now!!!  You lie to constituents you MUST be voted out!!!! Anyone but do nothing Debbie
Great!  You saved Obamacare. Now get to work fixing this mess so that you don't destroy the finances of those without subsidies.
Thank you Senator!  Activists 4 Democracy are working the phones again today!  #NoRepealwithoutreplace
So when are the dens going to step forward with plans to fix the problems with the standing healthcare
Don't have any valuable Health Care to save quit resisting and obstructing 2018 we will vote you out of office Kid Rock is going to replace
Unfortunately healthcare in America is still failing. Your chicken little syndrome only delays a solution that truly helps Americans
Please keep up the fight.  Trump wants to just repeal and not replace. I will die early if he succeeds.
(2/2) you get a break for summer, but our hardships under Obamacare continue every day! Have a plan to work together & NOT resist on return!
So many millions being hurt by Obamacare! The cost utterly rediculous! The lies & deceit of libs on new health care plan; hope you have plan
We are Not Done yet, because McConnell is not done yet.
#SinglePayerNow
The ACA is failing.  Why save it?
Now it's time to give Justice Larsen a fair hearing
You're awesome!
Thank you for your support of small home-town hospitals and staff. Maintaining Medicare expansion keeps doors open
the heck with saving--we need Medicare for all, now.
It's not over. Mcconnell is calling for a straight-up repeal vote in 2 days.
Now fight this 'repeal with no plan' hogwash with all your might.
Yay!!!  So proud of your position on this issue!!
Thank YOU, Senator!
Thanks for you hard work on behalf of Michigan.
I'll believe it once you push for a legit replacement for ACA, and not just playing opposition/gridlock.
Thank you
Thank you too.
Don't back down. Get ready to work to improve the ACA. Thanks for your leadership representing Michigan.
Thanks for your great work! Please encourage folks to keep up the pressure. There are still taxes on the wealthy. This fight is NOT over.
The fact you continue to support ACA as it is, very disturbing.
Thank you @SenStabenow #Socialworker!

Thank you, and thank you to all the Senator's fighting to make sure our seniors, sick, poor, disabled, and vets have insurance available.
why no reply? I can not only fix most healthcare no tax $ but save most social ser. moneys,  easy plan--I've wrote to wh,demo. & rep no help
Glad you listened to all my faxes! Thanks!
So are you Debbie! Keep up the Good Fight for your state.
For now.  @GOP are still pro death. They will do anything to make sure we suffer. May God have mercy on their souls.
True. They don't want to fix healthcare at all. Deplorables.
ChumpCare would be a raping of many Americans,  Unamerican. Fix ACA both parties. Work for majority. Be Progressive for your constituents
Thank you for working for hard for us senator! 
Thank you for fighting for us.
Thank you for working so hard for us Sen. Stabenow. Your stamina amazes me!
Don't stop fighting.
Kid Rock for senator
Love you, so proud you're our Senator.
Keep fighting Senator. 
