Simple answer-i own stock in drug companies & I want poor ppl to die "healthcare is a privilege just as living is a privilege" 
Price thinks it should cost thousands of dollars because he can make more money insider trading that way.
But blame it on Obama again too #smh
And this is why government must participate in R&D
the government does participate in R&D. They give grants to researchers and scientists. It's all bullshit from Big Pharma.
Big Pharma needs to put some more money into research rather than giving it to salaries o f CEOs 41M . Len Schleifer, Regeneron
After watchng this I can only pray that Price&all GOPers who support this price-gauging end up with diseases they cannot afford the cure for
Because the GOP wealthy campaign donors and pharmaceutical lobbyists want it that way.
How would Obamacare bring down those prices or you pushing for 1 health system
But how else can folks like Price become billionaires?
AND HE EXPLAINED THAT THESE DRUGS ARE TWICE AS EXPENSIVE TO MAKE BECAUSE DRUG MFG CEO'S EARN BETWEEN 7 AND 40 MILLION A YEAR
Price just showed us what a "sale out" looks like.  I wonder how much kick back he's receiving? May GOD have mercy on his soul! #shame
I have one, cuz he's E V I L
You go girl
How is he supposed to make millions on his insider trading then?
I hjas a better answer than you debbie. What's YOUR answer...more regulations ?
Because the life time politicians live off the pharmaceutical companies lobbying efforts to keep prices high.
You're awesome 
We all need to understand what the Senate committee is drafting now. Why are they so secretive? Please help us get details!
Obviously big pharma has Price on speed dial
Bill should impose a cap on each medical procedure & prescription drug. Corporations should reduce profit to make healthcare affordable.
This man sold his soul.
As if any of you liberal shit-fer-brains had a soul. Bunch of delusional half-wits.
Thank you Senator! It is the height of cruelty to ask me to celebrate a drug that would save my life but is unaffordable!
Just like the homeless people begging for change in front of Trump Tower have access to Trump Tower and it's fancy hotel rooms.
Way to go, calling @SecPriceMD out on drug prices. He's only concerned w/ his earnings.
Can't we celebrate drug manufacturers with balloons?
That same innovation is happening in other countries and is affordable for patients or is fully covered by insurance. Why not US too?
They never do.
8 years Dem in charge, what did you do?
Daffy Duck
Because ca-ching 
Thank you, Senator
If you force companies to lower their prices they will stop the billion dollars per drug spending to research and there won't be new drugs.
Canada doesn’t have that problem. There are solutions. What we’re dealing with here is unmitigated greed.
Canada has a lot of problems. I would not want their health care system. I have family and friends in different provinces and it's not great
I know it’s not perfect, but was referring specifically to drug prices.
I agree that drug prices are very high. I'm not sure the answer on that one either. Forcing lower cost won't work but who knows. .
Please upload this to your youtube channel!  Thanks Sen Stabenow.
@MerileeShipman Thank you Sen. Stabenow!  Please continue your fight for us!  So glad you're my senator!
@chelseagolucky Price is that type of guy Dante had in mind to send to that circle of hell closest to the flames
Thanks for speaking up for us @SenStabenow !! Why have life saving drugs only the top 1% can afford?
Medication cannot save lives if the people who need it cannot afford it.
Secretary Price, you and those of your ilk are piles of excrement.
@SenateDems why didn't you and OBAMA lower drugs? Research for exocit drugs is expensive
The word Honorable needs to be removed from this piece of shits little name card.
Greed is what drives prices prime example Daraprim EpiPen Revlimid Kalydeco pricing goes way beyond the rate of inflation to justify cost
@lisamurkowski  please be strong and get on the Healthcare panel because so many women are looking to you to LEAD. v@99515
Thank you for speaking up for the people of Michigan, senator.
Fuck Tom Price. Another politician bought by big business to the disadvantage of the people who mistakenly elected him. Fuck Tom Price.
Why should he give a good answer when he is getting a piece of the pie??  EAT THAT ELEPHANT!!!
You go girl!
Exactly, the president is a problem, but not the most pressing problem for most folks.
Senator, thank you for tasking him to task.   I am the mom of a peanut allergy kid.  Epi pens are outrageously priced.
@SecPriceMD has put a price on life. A price normal people can't afford & will die 4 lack of treatment. How despicable is that. Ty
#resist
THAT IS VERY DIFFICULT TO MEASURE BECAUSE ALMOST ALL THE CONGRESS' IN HISTORY HAVE BEEN QUITE CORRUPT
Thank you for asking these very important question.  It's very clear that he either didn't know the answer or was not answering you. 
It's time to end Direct to Consumer Marketing of Pharmaceuticals. Save  $$ and lives. @SenStabenow
Wow another stupid #ClownTrump pick @JoyAnnReid @maddow @ChrisCuomo @Lawrence @tedlieu @Acosta @AC360 @CharlesMBlow @rosadelauro @SenWarren
WE THE MAJORITY SAY Reject any healthcare proposal that doesn't stabilize the insurance exchanges.
Today my wife paid 160.00 for 3 ounces of eye drops after routine cataract surgery. Too much!
That was 3 ml. Not ounces.
 The problem isn't supporting innovation, it's that pharma charges US patients drastically more than other countries for the same meds.
Perhaps he thinks the government should get out of setting the rates?
That's be our point they don't listen and they don't care
Thank you for fighting for what is right.
Not surprising.
Epi pens are $150! EACH!
Of course he doesn't . He isn't interested anymore since he can't profit off trading Health care/drug stocks anymore.
He has yet to provide a good answer for anything! Keep asking.
The price is the price lobbyists pay this buffoon and his House  and Senate minions to keep lifesaving drugs available only to the 2%.
Thank you! sharp questions, Madam Senator. The next, please ask these jokers: why are these meds affordable in other countries?
You had 8 years with the Muslim President and did NOTHING about this.  Now it's Prices fault?  That's BS and you know it you hack.
SOS from Price and others, they are in the hip pocket of drug manufacturers. He does not give a rats ass about Health Care.
That Tom Price guy needs to having his lying mouth taped shut.  He makes no sense.  No investigation into his medical stock scam?
Dividends, baby!
Debbie still living off of that Monsanto money?
So he can make money off his insider trading!
How come Democrats aren't pushing single payer health care?
Please keep fighting for us @SenStabenow.  I am very worried about the Dodd Frank vote in the House yesterday.
Please ask @TomPriceMD why he is ignoring the plight of millions of victims of corrupt family courts as our @AmericasTaken Children are sold
Price's move is called a pivot.  He gives an answer to an unasked question.
Awesome!
Wow they waited and now try to make up for lost time doing nothing
He's a physician. Do no harm. Scum.
Is this for real. Wow
She looks like a skinny heatmeiser.
Keep up the good fight Senator!
We need real health care reform to control costs. Stop #Medicaid cuts for the #disabled.
Totally evaded the question.
@SenateDems Because there is no industry/lobby approved answer that won't make he & his fellow GOPers look like evil bastards!
Go get 'em, Warrior Debbie!
And do you have an answer why you screwed up our HC to start with and why you haven't worked to fix this mess of a HC system?
I believe the right price is whatever nets Mr. Price the tidiest profit.
Its not that he "doesn't" know, he doesn't care. He is no better then a serial killer, he just has a dr in front of his name
What a load of crap!
How much does he pay for his Botox?
Use diagnose and bay med on open market,will lower medcarecosts up to 80%.Resu.alternatives find solutions for people!Helthy workers works!
Dr. Price is MORE CONCERNED WITH THE PROFITS OF DRUG COMPANIES THAN THE LIVES OF PATIENTS. He sounds like a lobbyist not an advocate.
Medicine costs money, nobody disputes that. Dr. Price sounds more like the world's sleaziest used cars salesman than a doctor. 
SHAME!
.".in¢entivise people to invent new medicine." ?
Jonas Salk invented the vaccine for polio and give it away for free. 
Price is aptly named
What good is it to celebration innovation if they are unaffordable n therefore unattainable. It becomes useless! Shameless
IN THE NAME OF ALLAH,THE MOST GRACIOUS,THE MOST MERCIFUL
THE MESSAGE OF ISLAM
THE MUSLIMS BOOK HOLY QURAN
PEACE BE UPON YOU
WHOLE WORLD`S
Can't he answer one simple question without stuttering?
Was it from one of the stocks that he owns?
None of those white assholes have a good answer! I hate the GOP
@TucsonBlonde 
It's not a good answer but the answer is: Massive profits.
@SecPriceMD ACTUALLY arguing that 'well since it saves life' $80,000 for hep-c drug is reasonable....REALLY??? Who has $80k besides them!!!
As someone who has a life threatening condition that can be cured with a drug that I can not afford, Sir I call BULLSHIT!!How much$ do u get
JFC, Price is a simpering ass.  Then again, in the current administration, who isn't?!  
Thank you!
Thank you!!
Probably vecause he owns stock in the drug companies.  Willing to line his pockets while Americans struggle for basic coverage.
That's everyone in any political position.  Trump want to rid the Gov. of these fat cats yet he is met with ppl like Stabenow who allow it.
Price can afford the drugs. Making price a rich jackass that holds life or death control over Americans.
You should know by now the GOP has no plan, no answers, no clue...
Because they're literally isn't one. But can you say greedy
Thank you!
Excellent questioning.   Thank you for being in the Senate.
Typical GOP. ........Blame Obama.
Help us stop the rule 14 secret GOP senate healthcare deal!!
...but we should celebrate that these drugs have been developed to save lives. Too bad folks who need them can't  afford them.
Maybe the over burdensome regulations might be responsible
Blablabla
That's because he has stock in pharmaceuticals; and he likes to jack up the price, more profit for him
Why do you think I should be taxed because I cannot afford healthcare after you passed Obamacare?
Next time, ask him how many of his personal investments are in pharmaceuticals
@SenateDems weak answer on his part...
Why not ask big pharma where you get your money?
Thank you and please save the ACA from your Republican counterparts!
What a piece of work he is.
Thank you for your hard work and service.
U don't even hv 2 refer 2 drugs tht r 4,5 or 6 figures. Many families r near bankruptcy b/c of high co-pays, deductibles & drugs tht r -$500
Price may not have understood the question. He's new to working in gov't.
Democrats are the leading recipients of campaign funds from drug companies
Did you ask the prior administration? Those prices didn't change since Jan.
Thank you for cornering that rat, Senator. We should bombard GOP & Price with copies of every med. bill families incur to save their lives.
Disgraceful
He is so sleazy & a prime example of the swamp that is thriving under Trump
He and Pruitt are fast talking, double talkers. Both have major conflicts of interest and exist to remove protections for American people
Gosh! I didn't know Price has such a stuttering problem when answering valid questions
Omg his responses are disgusting
This is why I hate the gop. If jesus christ resurrected himself and came back republicans would charge two left arms and a firstborn for him
Yes, the "gun-toting Christians" would do that FOR SURE!
the american citizen has nowhere to run when he gets sick. the money goes to the insurers or to big pharma. yet they vote for trump 
Because of big pharmacy contribution to the @DNC
Disgusting
Profit over Lives 
The GOP IS A Terrorist Organization
All prescription drugs need to be reduced in US. There is absolutely no reason for US citizens to pay 300 to 500% more than the world.
And he never will because he's an inside trader of pharmaceutical stocks and he needs to make money while people die. Pretty simple.
Sec. Price is another public servant that has no concept of public service.
@SenSchumer @SenatorReid @SpeakerRyan @mit @harvard @drewfaustus @elonmusk @jeffbezos 

https://www.facebook.com/art.rethinkai.5/posts/222311651620655 …

https://www.facebook.com/art.rethinkai.5/posts/222315694953584 …
His answer begs the question: What drug is HE on?
@sergeibrin @lagarde @GoldmanSachs @MorganStanley @jpmorgan @Allianz @mit @federalreserve

https://www.facebook.com/art.rethinkai.5/posts/222311651620655 …
https://www.facebook.com/art.rethinkai.5/posts/222315694953584 …
He deflected all of the questions, the right answer is it should be affordable not price gouging the insurance companies and consumer
Ah bs he's incompetent n sucks big to the pharm which was supposed 2 b @realDonaldTrump promises to cut $ 4 drugs so far not
Why? Answer = #capitalism which let people charge whatever they want. This guy put up the price 1000% because he could. No other reason.
Boleshit
we moved from Michigan to NC 22 months ago. Boy,  do we miss having reasonable senators!
@SenateDems thanks for putting this up. Heavy news day and this is important and should have an audience.
Yes, we learned Trump was never under investigation, WAPO is fake news, & Lynch is going to jail! Big news cycle. More Lynch meetings coming
Didn't #PriceisWrong pass legislation that benefited his investments- in pharmaceuticals?
They never have a good or honest answer!
Of course he didn't. It's embarrassing he has ties to our great state. I'm a Spartan and even I think Umich is too good for this prick.
No good answer exists.
Then submit a bill and do something about it. Talk is cheap, but doesn't accomplish anything.
The lobbyists from the big pharmaceutical companies line his bank account. Why would he give  up 4 the sake of those who elected him? #News
Of course not--there's no reasonable explanation to an important question like that!!
Thank you!  You make Michigan and dems proud!!
The answer is research money for life saving drugs, which you know nothing about because you don't know how businesses are run
Thank you for trying but these people MUST BE FORCED TO ANSWER!!
I have long been a fan of yours @SenStabenow I will soon celebrate my 1 year anniversary post dbl-lung transplant.  Thank you for this!
Congrats to you! God bless
Thank you, Senator. Thank you so much.
She is a nothing burger
I'm surprised that he didn't consult his stockbroker before answering.
Too many free trips to Hawaii 4 him & his family & money from big pharmaceutical lobbyists to ever fight for those citizens who elected him
Thank you, @SenStabenow. Keep it up -- I'm proud you are my senator!
Love those Michigan Senators!!!
What is your answer why?
$ for those drugs has nothing to do with innovation and everything to do with monetizing life and death...Bring on the rx drugs from Canada!
You're my favorite Michigan representative in all of government Senator Stabenow! Thank you and Gary Peters for all you do! #GrandRapids
Well how else is he going to keep lining his pockets? Maybe he needs to be reminded who Jonas Salk was
Keep asking! I would like drug companies to stop advertising. Think of the $$ they could save which could be passed on to consumers!!
How did it go with The President of the United States of America Donald John Trump and that #Comey #RussiaHoax go?Keep resisting #kidrock'18
Look it up on internet,this info was from Sweden,and the friend got cured in Spain.If big mounts of med,y prob better price!Good luck.
thank you!  I'm proud to say that you are my senator
Sofosbuvir  to cure Hepatit C cost in Europe 36 000 S.Tritment is for thre moths medication. Just atip!Met a friend last year that was cured
Thank you for your hard work! Price is a squirrley one and he clearly didn't want to answer your questions.
You people all think things are free. They are not. It costs billions to research drugs and most don't pass or have positive results.
YES! @SenStabenow
Thanks Senator. One of my sons has chronic conditions and even with insurance it's a fortune to get his meds. Please keep at it!
My God he sounds like he doesn't know anything!
He sounds like your Trump pic looks...lol well done:)
The answer is obvious money money money
