Old people keep on telling me they are safe. Someone needs to break the news to them!
Fight them tooth and nails
thank you! Great statement.
Apparently Donald Trump wants to blam Puerto Rico for ruining his budget.
So would you ever cut those? Come on now, be honest...
Hello, voters! vote Republican you vote AGAINST yourself! Do u want to lose Medicare? SS? They will take it AWAY! The 1% receive the most.
You are Sooo fullof. Your lies are starting to smell like it.  You don’t want this budget that will help small business.
Obama cut them and how many times were seniors NOT given cost of living while he was in office.  Now who should we be concerned about????
Sen. Stabenow, I met you on a 3rd grade field trip. In all those years that you have been in politics, what have you done for Michigan?
Look up her record.
Nay...HR 5325 - Continuing Appropriations and Military Construction, VA and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017, and Zika Response
we don't have the right to health care coverage.  we have the right to life, liberty,  and the pursuit ofhappiness
You won't have life, liberty and pursuit of happiness without healthcare.
Debbie let's make an counteroffer let''s vote out the republicans abusing the Americans all what we need is the name behind this betrayal.
Then we need to vote out Stabmenow!! She did nothing to stop the huge increases in Obamacare premiums. All she cares about is herself!!
Epstein in 2018. Stabmenow out in 2018!!
I
Pray not!  This would be a tipping point for street violence and God knows!!  That's why THEY want to keep their assault weapons!!!
Please stop it, Senator!!
Thank you Senator..continue to fight. Resist
Thank you! the fight for integrity in Michigan is not over!
http://edition.cnn.com/2017/10/03/politics/russian-facebook-ads-michigan-wisconsin/index.html …
Because he's a democrat
Too bad Michigan committed to Medicaid expansion  Senator Allowing the state to be more dependent on gov't pushing your socialism agenda
The GOP wants to aid only the rich in tax reform,healthcare, labor safety,wages, environment, resources and gun lobby everyone  else screwed
dont let GOP cut Medicare & Medicaid. U know they want to, bigtime.
Thank you! Keep up the fight
Thank you and continue fighting for us, Sen. Stabenow! And please listen to the man you are with. We feel he has our back.
Here we go again, spreading lies and getting people agitated. Is what you do best Ms Stabmenow!!
Jesus the hits keep coming!
#SaveHomeHealth
Fear mongering...you and Bernie need to be fired
TIME FOR THE BULLSHIT TO STOP, vote the bitch OUT.
Thank you for being a Senator who truly REPRESENTS the people of Michigan. I'm proud to support @SenStabenow
Pathetic.  Standing up there with Idiot Bernie.  Shame on you.  
How about YOU balance a budget instead of whining like the imp you are?
Omg go away R U Aware how many people U R Hurting? Time for you to get out out of politics & move to Calif with the other Libs.
Let’s stop paying taxes. That’s the new tax legislation.
lies! Stop obstructing!
Thanks for fighting for us.
I am so sick of you. I'm voting you out of office in 2018.
#MedicareForAll
All of you in congress are a waste of humanity.
My mother is 83 yo and depends on Medicare!! Please keep up the fight!!
The GOP just simply hate the majority of Americans.
photo op face lift debbie. are u on obamacare ole deb?  come on KID ROCK
Thanks for all you do for Michigan!
1 glimmer of hope for our country and our Michigan thank you Sen Stabenow
Get your facts straight #Reed it
Probably.
So glad to have you standing up for us Michiganders. Thank you @SenStabenow
Here we go again, Dem talking points!  Goes to Washington and you are Dems puppet. Goes to Michigan and your "fighting for the people of MI"
And with all this weaponry being allowed...we need our damn insurance!!!
Thank you for fighting everyday. We are lucky to have you in our corner.

Sen. Stabenow....sounds like you know about those backdoor ways hmmmm?
Dude.
One more question, why is Michigan unfriendly to veterans?
How so? My husband and I have no issues?
He has made it Very clear that he won't touch entitlements so quit trying to scare seniors. Reminds me of the add pushing off a cliff #idiot
Fear mongering. And dangerous rhetoric is all we hear from you. Quit dividing America. Quit lying
Get REAL
Senator quit lying to us. Your partisan politics are exhausting everything republicans do is bad. Everything democrats do is good
I just can't believe it's just something all the time.
A wonderful concise explanation of the results of the GOP tax plan/money grab!  Watch this and call your reps and senators!
boy...all politicians would really b in trouble if president Trump had more on his side...to show the ppl exactly how D.C. is really run!!!!
You are a disgrace to our state- I will be voting against you in 2018
Good
Scream! Obama took 775 Billion from Medicare! Where were you weasels then. Or when he race baited, or basically put targets on policebacks?
When did he put this target on police?
Keep fighting for us
Keep ‘me honest Sen. Stabenow. We’ve got your back.
Stop trump from profiting off taxpayers at his golf clubs, kids vacations. Would feed kids for a year.
And Obama spent MORE money on plane travel in the first 8 months than trump did in his first 8 months!!
These people will go to the ends of the earth to transfer wealth...
Please keep fighting for us senator.  I just don't understand their abject cruelty or desire to harm so many of us that rely on Medicare/aid
And who didn't see this coming? I know I did and anyone else that knows what is going on- THIS IS BULLSHIT AND GENOCIDE WRAPPED IN POLICY.
