If your mom has Alzheimer's, she might lose her care because of this bill.
If you have cancer, you might not be able to get the full treatments you need because of this bill.
Every single Republican health care proposal leads to higher costs and less coverage!
We as Democrats want to work together to lower costs - especially the outrageous cost of prescription drugs!
Every person deserves to know what we are voting on tonight. Republicans need to show us their health care bill!
Thank you Sen. Stabenow for standing up for Michigan Families!
So government can lower costs and improve care? I learned that the free market via supply and demand did it. #Socialismkills #COSProject
Yes they actually can. Reference Canada, Australia, and a number of European countries to see how govt can do just that. #singlepayer
There is no way the people the Republicans work for could possibly be ok with this
Debbie, finally you care about Mi workers & jobs. Now Mi families & health care. All these years in the Senate you only cared about yourself
@JohnJamesMI now - not in two years
Thank you Senator Stabenow for fighting Trump Don't Care for all of us in Michigan and for all Americans.
I like her she has a beautiful voice and a mind of her own
This is personal. You are correct.  Obama Care is imploding. Yet you vote against getting rid of it. No wonder congress has such poor rating
Obamacare is a drain on the consumer and you know it ........
Medicare for all.
Please stop the demagoguery. Honest debate would be appreciated
An honest debate? Republicans are the ones passing a bill about 1/6th of our economy with public hearing. What a joke.
Wondering when was the last time Debbie purchased a health insurance policy.
Medicare for all.
You voted for Obamacare. You voted to give free health care to those who aren't working and make working Michiganders pay more. Stop your BS
Medicare for all.
#ProtectOurCare by getting the government out of it.
Lol classic bowtied Hillsdale college attendee. I bet your grandparents on Medicare hate you.
Then why did you vote for Obamacare Kid Rock for senate
It wasn't when you passed the ACA which is dying as we speak.
u r a goof and an empty suit! retire please. come on kid rock!
Thank you for voting no, we need a win-win to fix health care issues, not a win-lose situation.
Slay, Debbie. Yes queen
Michiganders will need to be informed hot the GOP are sabotaging ACA behind the scenes. We can act if we know
Grateful to you and the other brave Dem & Rep senators for saying No to this mystery meat of a bill! 
Newsflash it's an American issue. Quit the rhetoric and acting like petulant children. Repeal and go back to the drawing board. Sick of DC
Somuch FRAUD IN #Michigan,people selling prescribed drugs that are bought and paid for with tax dollars,even the damn seniors selling opiods
#Liar @SenStabenow
It's up to you now to put a plan forward as Obamacare collapses. Hope you're ready.
All politics is personal and all politics is local. Two aphorisms that are easy to forget when issues take a national stage.
Thank you Senator!
It is, indeed. Thank you so much, Sen. Stabenow. Hundreds of thousands of families in Michigan are heaving a gigantic sigh of relief
Thanks to Obamacare I received life saving cardiovascular procedures. FIGHT TO FIX the problems! THANK YOU SENATOR STABENOW!
Its not people or state that matter...its Party. We got the tapes!
Debbie, thank-you for all your hard work in what I imagine to be very frustrating circumstances .
Thank you for fighting for the residents of Michigan - stay strong!
Thank you senator. Keep fighting for Michigan
Thank you! Keep fighting for us in Michigan!
Thank you
How much does our government spend on outrageously oversized signs? Did you really need "Higher Cost, Less Coverage" twice in 500 font?

You are a grandstander and you REALLY stretch the truth!!
Ha ha ha. Everything you do is political!! Problem is , some people do not see you as you really are!!
"This is personal". This is about real pain to my family. Thank you Sen Stabenow. I know my Senators are fighting against this abomination.
My experience with #Obamacare has been skyrocketing costs, poorer service, and fewer choices. That's personal!
Thank you for standing up for MI families. Keep fighting the good fight
thank you Debbie.
Thank you, Senator for your efforts, for continuing to work for the people.
I wanna b a cowboy baby..lol
We will remember who voted for the Obama care. You are the reason we will now have a single payer system. Gov will be in full control USSR..
Keep up the good work for Michigan!!!
Proud to call you my Senator
Good 1 Senator.
And for Congress it's another campaign talking point! Make it work or find another job.
I'm a Michigander Sen Stabenow & the ACA saved my life. PLZ continue to fight this R bill..
this is not political! It is necessary as OC has failed. Let's get this fixed! Input from all is necessary!!!
Your work is appreciated!
BRAVA! Proud to say she represents me!!
As someone in treatment now for breast cancer, I thank you for continuing to fight. These treatments would bankrupt me without insurance
Thank you, Senator Stabenow, for your passion and compassion! Concerned Constituent who believes Dems have a better plan...
You don't care about MI families..it is personal we want Obamacare repealed..Dems & Reps to work on reducing costs.& better coverage
#MedicareForAll
Whatever is going on is irresponsible!
one thing for sure get the gov-ment out of healthcare look what ya'll did when you voted for obama care and it's still costing money
You tell 'em, Debbie! Thanks for standing up for Michigan during this shockingly terrible process! #ProudMichigander @SenGaryPeters
Don't stop fighting Debbie - we're counting on you to protect the healthcare Michiganders need.

#Resist I'm with you! And so are my neighbors and daughter!! Keep fighting! And THANK YOU
