Republicans have a health care bill, but they won’t let us see it. They’re letting the Trump Admin see it, but not the American public.
If you have cancer and won’t be able to get coverage, you have a right to know what’s in the bill.
If you have epilepsy and will lose your insurance, you have a right to know what’s in the bill.
If you’re a woman who will be charged more for insurance, you have a right to know what’s in the bill.
And if you’re a senior whose rates are going to skyrocket, you have a right to know what’s in the bill.
Republicans are hiding their bill because they know it’s a bad deal for the American people and Michigan families.
Costs go up and care goes down, all to cut taxes for millionaires and billionaires.
Let’s focus on lowering the outrageous cost of prescription drugs and out of pocket costs.
It’s time for Republicans to show us the bill!
Proud of you Senator...MI appreciates your fight!
Keep it up! #SaveOurCare
All Fake News Debbie!! You're making false statements!!
You go debbie! We've got your back
Be sure to mention what you guys did and passed this unaffordable HC and took from people who paid their way and gave it to others for free
You might want to look up how insurance works. It's a shocker.
I know how it works. Ours is more then our mortgage.
Then be mad at Rubio for causing the US to deny insurers promised funds, & for GOP for screwing with funding -creating uncertainty-> hikes
Risk corridor management was prevented, meaning insurers couldn't plan ahead, or count on 100% of promised reimbursements.
If you wanna side with the party of the people who brought you this problem, & who want to stab you in the back with the AHCA, be my guest.
Oh brother I was a Dem my whole life and left it 7 yrs ago. They took from others who paid their own way and gave it to others for free
Uh huh, you said that already. That's how insurance works, tho. Members pay into the pool, then draw from it. Sicker ppl draw more, than pay
We have to pass the bill before we can see what's in it, remember?
Keep at it, Debbie! As a mom of a medically complex kid I so appreciate your tenacious work to protect our care.
The American public was kept in the dark with Obamacare. Had to vote for the bill to see what was in it. Is that what you're talking about?
No one cares!!!
We need lower premiums! Figure out how to work with the Republicans or you will not get reelected
Over reaction and creating a lot of angst for your constituents - u haven't even seen what is in the bill
Thank you, Senator!
Please keep in mind Ms. Stabenow - you represent ALL of Michigan!! NOT ONLY the Dems!! Keep that in mind!!  Your job on the line!!
For someone who claims it's behind closed doors & doesn't know what's in it, you seem to be saying plenty about what you don't like about it
#HoldTheFloor
we want to know what you are doing to fix this. We elected you to represent us, OC has failed, fix it
THANK YOU for what you are doing tonight and being a senator for the people! Grateful for all you do!
I'd like 2 see U and Democrats working with the Republicans on behalf of the citizens 2 come up with a mutually agreeable bill. Think of us.
Before the exchanges pull out of Michigan. Walk across your isle and do something. The bill could use your input. Knock on the door.
Stay strong.  Thank you for standing up to Trump Don't Care.
No thanks.
I'm not usually a supporter of yours, but I would like to see the bill. I have a chronic illness. thank you.
If they won't show the bill, plz withhold consent and Filibuster by Amendment at the Voterama. Senate Dems need 40,000 Amendments to stall
Thank you for fighting for us!
thank you!
- what happen to a Demo Bill ?
Thanks Debbie.  Keep fighting for MI and the American people.  We appreciate your hard work!!!
Thank you!
Go Debbie go!  The people of the USA need to know how harmful #Medicaid cut and cap is for the #disabled and seniors. #acha #trumpcare
Thank you Senator Stabenow.
@SenStabenow @SenGaryPeters as an MD in Michigan this is appalling. Pls fight this - my patients deserve affordable care
Thank you for speaking out! Keep fighting! My patients in Michigan deserve the truth. #MedicaidMatters #ShowUsTheBill #NoHearingNoVote
Thank you, Senator. Thank you.
Thank you and the other @SenateDems who are fighting to save our lives!! 
Thank you for fighting for us.
Thank you Sen. Stabenow!
Keep fighting!
Truth or manipulative lies?
You would rather bankrupt people on Obamacare than work with republicans to fis the new republican healthcare bill..shame on you..
The GOP isn't letting anyone help fix it! That's the point of this demonstration. #holdthefloor
DEMS are too busy chasing Russia & impeachment illusion.they would rather destroy our country than work with GOP..
They are on the senate floor RIGHT NOW speaking up for the MAJORITY of Americans who have asked them to. #FactCheck before you troll...
Thats the problem with you liberals.your way or you attack.they are not speaking..they are stalling..Obamacare needs to be replaced!!!
Hang in there, and keep the light shining on the rats.
Thank you! I appreciate your work on behalf of all of us!
#HoldTheFloor #ShowUsTheBill The other 98% matters! Thank you Senator Stabenow. Thank you.
Care? Republican's don't care about anything but their donors/corporate sponsors and getting re-elected.
Thank you.
Thank you for fighting for us!
She is terrible. No re-election for her. She could care less about Michigan. She just follows the party line. Obstructing .
Bill, this is why you only have 37 followers. A bill being written in secret scares the hell outta me and it should scare you too.
Thank you and show no mercy! They cannot do this is secrecy like @realDonaldTrump's comrades in #Russia
You are on the Senate floor talking about something to replace a bill that has desecrated healthcare in #MI. You have no shame.
I've been watching.This is a nightmare what is happening in the Trump and team r murders!
Thank you, so very much for caring. Blessings
How many changes to #Obamacare have you put forth to make it a better bill? (whispers: zero)
Wouldn't matter.  GOP majority would prevent the bills from coming to a vote, or becoming law.  GOP wants ACA to be crippled.
Obamacare has crippled itself. JFC...
#HoldTheFloor #HoldTheFloor #HoldTheFloor #HoldTheFloor #HoldTheFloor #HoldTheFloor #HoldTheFloor #HoldTheFloor #HoldTheFloor #HoldTheFloor
If you haven't seen the bill, then how do you know it's a bad bill? My god I hope you lose in 2018. A Partisan hack, you are.
If the bill is written in the dark, in secret, in the bowels of the Senate, without bipartisan consultation, it is guaranteed bad.
Oh, you mean like Obamacare?
You know that Obamacare had over 130 bipartisan amendments added and was drafted through the proper committees right? #holdthefloor
Only one mattered. The one that prevented the bailouts to the insurance companies by @marcorubio. All others were procedural.
Why support a party whose only guiding principle is to minimize the tax burden if the rich?
Seriously: unless you're enormously wealthy, the GOP has nothing to offer you except extreme positions on social issues.
The Dems are no saints but they at least attempt to lift up the majority of Americans.
Nobody is listening to you.
#HoldTheFloor Don't let this bullshit bill pass!
Did you participate in making this bill better or just obstruct so you can wag your finger...seems like we've been here before...7 yrs ago
All this time you didn't know 13 GOP senators are meeting in secret?
He's an uninformed trumpanzee...I just blocked him
I blocked him eons ago.
Keep fighting for us Senator!!
Thank you so much!
Give 'em hell, Debbie! Don't let the GOP make a mockery of the democratic process! #SinglePayer
It's been done before...Democrats
Ty! Left u a vm asking u to continue fighting for us and against this bill!
#ShowUsTheBill
Thank you and best of luck in this.
All the best 
