just like BHO did with his pen and phone. Hypocrites!
Yeah, thanks for the opposition for something most Americans want.  That's real helpful.  Wake up/realize UR on the losing team
Your statement has no merit.  EO is within presidential scope for Obama and now Trump. You're a hypocrit.  #NotStabenow2019
Michigan needs a new Senator.
Proud to stop your insanity!
you're state is now a Muslim state. You are clueless.
THIS STATEMENT MAKES A HORRIBLE STATEMENT ABOUT YOUR REGARD OF THE VOTERS OF MI. WE ALL KNOW YOUR "BILL" WILL HAVE NO CHANCE.
how is it a bad idea to do in depth investigation on foreign people entering the us?
love to know how reviewing flawed vetting process is a bad thing.
are you nuts. You want to keep our borders open to end our way of life like in Europe. U need to be replaced by another GOP
"keep us safe" so we should admit people into this country,yet we don't know who they are.DUMB!!
THIS IS NOT AMERICANS VALUES, just YOURS
That's fine, but don't block the judge. He seems okay. Likely better than anyone else POTUS would nominate if you all vote no.
Thank you Senator For fighting for us Democrats who believe in fairness and freedom! We are scared and need your leadership!
If attack happens, it will be on you. Quit thinking of yourself and your democratic ego. Get over it he's your President
You/Dems should be ashamed!  You never vetted these nations under Obama but only @POTUS will keep us safe!
aren't you coming up for re-election soon?  Nobody has the right to just come into our country. We deserve to be protected.
Agree!  #NotStabenw2019
Thank you! Shame that AG Schuette turns his back on Michigan's Muslim community. #MuslimBan
Every day you boycott your job, your pay should be docked. You are the Poster Girl for Term Limits for all elected officials.
BUT YOU ARE EITHER SO NAIVE THAT YOU DO NOT KNOW THAT U DON'T HAVE THE VOTES OR YOU ARE SCHEMING & SCAMMING MI VOTERS. WHICH?
Trump rally in Sterl Ht - could not get within a mile of the venue.  He will be here to campaign 4 your 2018 opponent!
Thank you for all you are doing!
.@SenStabenow @SenGaryPeters #VeteransBeforeRefugees @TruckerRandy
Impeach for not supporting constituents.  Is that not what our elected reps are supposed to do. .@SenStabenow @SenGaryPeters @TruckerRandy
We pay her salary via our taxes.  not doing job by ignoring the voters .  We must fire her. .@SenStabenow @SenGaryPeters @TruckerRandy
#NotStabenow2019
ppl asked me what rights I marched for @ the #WomensMarch? ALL OF THEM - #stopsessions #StopPresidentBannon
You're not interested in "upholding American values", you're interested in PROTECTING YOUR OWN TURF.
Thank you Senator. Keep up the resistance. We need you to be strong.
thank you from a constituent in Mid-Michigan. Please also vote no on Sessions; will not protect citizens from unjust WH action.
NAIVE DEM DIDN'T PAY ATTN IN CIVICS. ELECTIONS'VE CONSEQUENCES STEPH. YOU LOST/WE WON! SESSIONS IS AG! NOTHING U CAN DO
yet you keep voting yes to his cabinet nominees! Hypocrite!
how about keeping us safe from the FDA. FIGHT the #FDADefense in Michigan. Say no to contributions from #Bayer #Monsanto
whose values r u talking about deb? your, and the dems or mine. U have no clue what I want cause U will not listen
Give it up. YOU LOST
last I Iooked , Michigan is a RED STATE now. The people of Mi have said who they support. We are the people and you work 4 us!!
.@SenStabenow Where were you the last 8 years while Obama was making so many exec orders?
Excellent. Would like to see you get your score closer to zero
Thank you for sharing this! Very telling!
thank you! And vote NO on Sessions
The Constitution does not require us to admit anyone and everyone, nor do our immigration laws. Prudence must rule.
American values are not suicidal. Admitting terrorists are not American values. Trump's EO is Constitutional.
When do the democrats realize that most Americans agree with President Trump. America First
Thank you!
keep up the fight for our democracy
Please call immediately for removal of Bannon from NSC and WH #NoBannon
Next election maybe you will realize this is a mistake.  Losing my  vote.
U who did NOTHING about H20 crisis..UR JOB 2 KNOW!  Holding up confirm will end your reign as MI CHOSE TRUMP..throw u out!!
In all due respect, I don't think there is a shred of evidence that supports Democrats have American or Christian values.#MAGA
Why does one Require Christian values to be good? Plenty of people get their values elsewhere are are good.
Thank you!
now, let's do something about Brannon.
WE NEED IMPEACHMENT
Thank U, Sen. Pls vote no on Sessions & alarming cab picks who endanger our democracy & all the progress we have made.
Thank you @SenStabenow!
I am not proud of your action. I cannot understand you logic on the restriction of Muslims from terrorist countries. Explain.
impeach trump now before all our freedoms are destroyed!
@SenGaryPeters what can be done about Bannon joining the security council?  That move is alarming.
Your seat will be filled with someone that has common sense your childish behavior in DC has been so embarrassing 4 our state.
Thank you. trump is a crazy fascist liar and his policy is not even effective for what it is said to do.
thank you from a Michigan constituent. Please vote no on Sessions and DeVos!
then why didn't you do something before Pres Trump EO was signed?? Because you were ok with people getting killed by refugees
Thank you for your courage.
Thank you for your #RESISTANCE #resist efforts!! I voted for you and support you 100%.
Glad you're "proud" to fight against an EO that most of your citizens favor #voteherout
thank you
waisting time and money.
wow are you a gem... Nice professional discourse. Why you feel the need spew such hate is beyond me and disgusting.
there is nothing Mr President Donald Trump is doing unlawful. You really need to search things out
How can you be so irresponsible misleading all these people.  Do you realize the lies you are telling them just to get votes.
@USSenateWatch Please take a stand against this hijacking of our American values and #JustSayNo to Jeff Sessions
should have backed @BernieSanders
Please vote no on Trump's cabinet nominees! No to Sessions, DeVos, Pruitt, Price, etc.!!
your "effective actions" have been nonexistant, hence, we now have a real American president fighting for we citizens
thank you from a constituent
Thank you please vote no on Sessions, Pruitt and DeVos in particular.
Thank you!
please assure me you are taking action to remove trump from office! Keep fighting!
thank you, and I am proud to have you as my Senator. Keep fighting the good fight. #NoSessions #noDevos
thank you.  Keep up the good work.  This is what we need from you.
you have my support
that starts with not giving Trump a lap dog at the DOJ, No to Jeff Sessions
Thank you! Keep fighting.
Thank you for standing up for what's right.
thank you.
Thank you! Love from a #mittenconstiuent
Thank you, @SenStabenow, for standing up for *American values*!
you care less about opinions that differ from yours. You represent all of your constituents not just those that agree with you
sad that you don't think everyone's voice is important. This is why dems lost. #youhavelostmyvote
I'm happy about that. Can you give status on #impeachment?
impeachment? What has he done that has been against the law? Nothing.
keep up the pressure, MI voters are watching and counting on you and fellow Dems
Thank you Senator!
thank you Senator Stabenow
You have no power!  You lost the election. If you don't get behind the president you WILL lose a re-election!!
Please stop the EOs along with the confirmatiom of DeVos and Sessions. We need strong opposition now.
proud of you. Next stop impeachment.
thank you, Senator! Please vote no on all noms and scotus this can't continue and we need Bannon out.
Serious concerns right now abt Session's nomination. Cannot break the three arms of govt. save our democracy.
hmmm, what would you said if the Republicans did that with Obama's? Never mind, we know. Grow up
why would you want to let the enemy in the country no questions asked let's think about keeping us safe first
Thank you from MI. Also please vote against Sessions, DeVos and Price. Also stand against the rumored anti-lgbt EO.
couldn't leave a msg at your office. Please continue to stand up for all Michiganders. #NoBanNoWall #blockdevos #BlockSessions
thank you! You make Michigan proud!
proud of you too! Does having no AG now mean we can issue foreign surveillance warrants?
Protect the Constitution not your ego.
Stay strong and I thank you!
Thank you, Senator Stabenow  Keep up the fight. 100% beside you in this!
thank you, from a constituent. In that same vein, please vote no on Sessions. Otherwise this is a meaningless/ futile gesture.
Many thanks!
Thank you, Senator!!!
thank you, senator! Please keep fighting for us and what America *should* stand for: Truth and Justice for ALL!
Thank you!!
thank you
Thank you Debbie. We are standing with you. Please do all you can to stop trump from turning our country into fascist hate pool
Thank you from Michigan!
Thank you! So proud to have you and Senator Peters representing our great state!
as someone from Michigan I wanted to tell you how pleased I am about the dems standing up to trump. Keep up the good work
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for standing up to bigotry.
Quit stalling and vote on the cabinet.
Which EO? The Muslim Ban or the rumored GLBT EO? 
And how are the Dems doing on blocking any cabinet positions and the upcoming SC nominee?
Thank you! Also, please do not confirm Sessions!
vote no on Price, Sedsions and DeVos@
Thank you Senator!!!
Thank you. Now work to stop *everything* until the President starts acting lawfully.
Yeah because Democrats are nothing by crybaby obstructionists who don't care about the country.
that's great! but please no horse trading for your jobs bill, vote no for WH cab appointees until there is real change
please tell @SchuetteOnDuty
As one of your constituents, THANK YOU!
thank you
thank you!
thank you for being my senator!!!
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
