My premuim up 71% your full of sht
I feel for you. Our rural hospital closed a few years back. You probably have a car? Imagine what it's like for poor farm workers.
Then there are those who pay for the subsidies and get to pay high premiums and deductibles! I get one doctor visit a year.
(2/2) your constituents are both GOP and Dems! You're "resistance to everything Trump" is going to cost you & Peter's your jobs! Get a clue!
Absolutely ridiculous statement from someone I used to respect.
BS.  Politicians in Michigan threaten and have destroyed the state
Not just her town. The bill threatens McConnel's own STATE, yet he keeps pushing. Again, this isn't about healthcare, it about GOPer's egos
The left is nothing but lies and deceit! They spew everything in their Web of lies- not the truth! Read the bill. Make your own decision!

Elect Kid Rock - get people back to work in MI so they can afford insurance
BS......you don't even have a clue what the GOP wants to do.
Just visited Clare on Friday. ..beautiful community...keep fighting!  #SaveOurCare
Kid Rock is about to take you're job roflmfa! It's about time! #KidRockForSenate
I hear it kills puppies too!
Go Debbie.
The Senate and House bills would be particularly harmful to rural America.
I bet they had a hospital before Obama
Why don't you go on Fox News, Debbie!? Instead of leftist Morning Joe who has ratings lower that Nick at Night! Afraid of what you may hear?
GOP tax cut will threaten Americans! This "healthcare" bill is just money from us to them! Replace the administration not the law!
bs keep pushing the lie
The sky is falling!! The sky is falling!!!
The Clare hospital has been there since 1930s. Now government's involved it could close and devastate the entire city.
Funny how that works.
@POTUS won MI. MI wants change. You are obstructing. Say goodbye to your seat. @KidRockSenate will make that happen.
The Clare hospital and UP nursing homes have been there way before Obamacare and will be there after.
Yes that is my question: what kept this hospital afloat before Ocare? More fear mongering.
How? Obamacare Helped Corporations and Non Profits take over Community Hospitals. Lower Taxes 4 Non Profits. Proof and Only Facts!
Who gives a crap what this cheater and homewrecker says.
That you Senator
I am so glad you are fighting for us Sen. Stabenow.
What are you doing about this realization that's been obvious to us but apparently you're just understanding
I live in Claire , u will be defeated in 18; your lying to the public with false propaganda
You were GREAT on @Morning_Joe this morning!! So proud you represent MI! I was in Clare today
you wanted him, now deal with it!  his predecessor cared trump could care less !!
Ha ha ha!  A lot better than the current Obamacare. Insurance companies are bailing out right and left!!
and and you certainly weren't raised right.  Medicaid is a disgrace insofar as quality heath is concerned but that does not concern you
Time to go back to Clare. The new healthcare bill will be so much better than Obamacare. Time to work with the GOP to make it better.
Pandering to the Slaves on the Democrat Slave Plantation
It won't matter when Kud Rock takes your seat
Why don't you just resign as your Repub opponent will kick you out of office...You should have some dignity and resign, rather than lose..
Some health insurers in Michigan will be seeking record-level rate hikes next year potentially as much as 31% ...Dems never talk about AHCA.
Please, don't you and your colleagues vote for this this bad bill! Do the right thing, without fear!
We live in a small rural town in SW Michigan. We are voting 4 someone that truly cares about US. #KidRockForSenate  #VeteransForKidRock
Why does GOP hate rural people so much?
Why do you tweet stupid stuff?
The "gateway to the north"! Keep fighting on behalf of rural communities Senator! #ruralmatters
That is what they voted for.......
The part that threatens is the cuts to Medicaid...not the entire bill.
How much more of your libtard face will we see now that a legitimate challenger wants your senate seat?
As a physician at that very hospital I can personally attest to the benefits my patients have seen through the ACA. BRCA would devastate us
Wah wah, didn't you support the original mess that is has become Oblamacare?
GOP doesn't give a rip about poor people...but have figured out how to dupe them into voting GOP. Sad!
And you think that she is working for you? Ha ha
#ObamaCare #HealthCare #ProtectOurCare #Medicaid #medicare #ACA #trump
U will be seeing a lot of Clare once Kid Rock rocks U out!!
Hi Debbie,

@KidRock would like to Welcome you to the Party!!!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NsxEsamP3PQ …

#MAGA #KidRockForSenate #DemocratLiesMatter #p2
I am from Michigan and know what you mean. Sad thing is alot of the people in that area voted for trump.
I grew up in Cheboygan; same thing. Thank you for fighting for everyone, including rural communities!
And you think that she is fighting for you? Ha ha
Thank you for fighting for Michiganders, Senator Stabenow.
And you think that she is working for you? Ha ha
More clinics, fewer hospitals.
Please provide references so your constituent can review
It says it will close down the Clare Hospital? I didn't see anything in there that threatens to close anything.  ObamaCare did close units.
Why do you feel it is necessary to distort the facts.

Michael Caputo~ "I was sent in 1994 to #Russia by the Clinton admin to get involved in Russia election." 
Nice try.
This is a Lie.
Explain.
What keeps Rural hospitals open in Michigan is Auto Insurance companies. Hospitals won't close because of Senate bill.
