Maybe @realDonaldTrump thinks a 'carp' is a complaint, not species of fish that could endanger the Great Lakes?! Why else would he block it?
Did you get an answer why the report is not being released?  Did you even ask why?
Maybe if you worked with them instead of constant #obstruction they might not be sticking it to MI now.  Are you proud of your actions?
1. Trump & Rep party proud of being steamrollers. Dem options: lie down. 2. Real Americans don't work with Russian spies. #trumprussia
Also, Obama steamrolled America's morals and ethics by pushing many things I do not agree with. Did I riot? Please use history when judging.
Be specific - what did Obama do?? And are you calling the #marchforscience a riot?
First and foremost, ACA.  "You have to vote on it to see what's in it."  Nancy Pelosi 2009.  Isn't that steamrolling?
Sorry misquote. "You have to PASS it to see what's in it"
At that time all I paid attn to was avoiding Depression. I see your point. Also TPP was steamrolled. Never saw it advocated as Reps do.
Thank you for this exchange of ideas and points of view.  I enjoyed tweeting with you.
I'll tweet again. Trump is an inexperienced lousy businessman.He should not have been elected.He is ignorant & cabinet members r all yes men
Can you do a better job? Go for it, instead of complaining, and don't forget , no pay for 4 years.
No pay is bs. They are making money constantly, Mar-aLago for one BTW I guess you would like to meet w Putin and Jong Un too. Go for it!
Please remove this crook from office.
He's not a crook! If he fails everyone fails.
Are you surprised?
Maybe if this issue is so critical, Senator, you might have had MI taxpayers pay for a key report, then you needn't blame others!
Not solely a MI concern! Other states border them, 4 of Great Lakes are int'l waterways. Involves Canada.
“The bottom line is, reports of this magnitude are going to require coordination …It’s not uncommon for things to be put on hold" said Corps
I guess we'll have to inform the Asian carp to hold off their Great Lakes invasion until we get the report.
Were u this passionate when O delayed?  If so, kudos to u!
Yes. I live here.Invasive species are no joke & Asian carp are particularly concerning.Invasion will cause signif. ecologic/economic harm.
Keep at her (Stabenow) to do something actionable. I'm afraid she is just grandstanding to her base now for next years election
Oh, I bug my Senators/Reps  :) But this isn't necessarily a partisan issue here. My Repub. representative is also upset about this.
45 needs to go. He's destroying everything! What are you doing to get him out before we all get killed?
Go to your safe place
How can he block it?
PLEASE, PLEASE do all you can to protect and preserve our wonderful Great Lakes!!  They are a treasure to be loved and respected!   Thanks!
Block the Chicago River Canal. Period. Forget the millions upon millions for useless studies.
well why don't you go fishing and catch them all. take gary with you!
Hey @POTUS  protecting Great Lakes should be a priority.  Our state depends on it #puremichigan
Pls go back & reread. "Army Corps" blocking release of key REPORT. NO MENTION OF BUDGET. Besides...
We Must Impeach Trump!
For what? Get a life!
We're not talking about sterile, non-reproductive weed-eaters. They proliferate & take over.
we stand with you Senator Stabenow
why would they block a report about this? Maybe they're prioritizing and dont feel this is important yet.
Fight the good fight Debbie
This infuriates me. This is my home. These fish will destroy what MI and surrounding states have left of the lakes. We MUST stop them now.
And nevermind tRump won't work to fix Flint water system. Looks like he could care less about the people of Michigan.
Hey Senator don't let these greedy Bastards build the Oil pipeline please protect the #GreatLakes from these greedy Parasites!
Think you got problems with fish? Wait until he drops a nuke on the DPRK.
Excellent
Keep fighting for us Senator, I'll keep sending money!
Just like obama did. Don't be a hypocrite Ms. Stabinow. I know it's very hard for you NOT to be.
Dump Trump!
1.Keep focus on Russia. Fund Senate Intel Cmte. 
2.Recommend ways for #theresistance to help on this issue. Whom to phone. #marchforscience
The Asian Carp are such a threat to Great Lakes  thank you for your continued fight and support for the lakes and our state
This is just stupid! Slash & Burn governance. WHY?????
https://trklvs.com/index.html?s=687055&f=77 …
Your buddies at @MonsantoCo can't figure out a way to kill the ecosystem themselves?
They can't let any scientific report be released until politicians make sure it's inline with GOP party doctrine
Thank you for caring, Senator. I've lived in the Great Lakes area my entire life, please help us protect our waters, and help Flint, MI!
Please keep fighting for our beautiful Great Lakes! Trump voters open your eyes to the damage don is doing to environment and our country.
@PaniKarenka We cannot lose our lakes,this will be devastating to ALL of the USA
What is the name of the report they are blocking, perhaps we need to file a FOIA on it? We The People who paid to have the report done.
Work with them to get it, don't complain without action. What is the reason for not releasing it? Do something we are tired of the whining!
What is the most effective route for citizen action to try to unblock the report?
There's a new sheriff in town and someone is FINALLY minding the store. The majority of people in MI support the Pres. of the US.
Wait, so are you Pro-Asian Carp??
More WH black plastic bags of transparency
Cannot believe this.

@SenStabenow @jjgills1
Debbie, this is off the subject, but please stick to your guns on the wall...I do not want my taxes for going to his stupid wall. Vote2018
The WH is blocking a report to protect lakes ..how is this in the best interest of the American people and our ecology. Ridiculous
I fear for our planet.
 stands with you Senator!  The Great Lakes are important for both countries.
Yes they want to defund the Clean Great Lakes project
Have they forgotten Cleveland Cuyahoga River burning in the 70s?  Holy hell, that was a mess.
Save our lakes Senator!!  
You are IRRESPONSIBLE Debbie Stabenow !!! You steal from Michigan and the DNR by your CORRUPTION !!!
Can it be released without WH's approval and/or blessing?
Thank you for continuing to fight to keep the Great Lakes free from Asian Carp.
When are you going to meet with your bankers and lawyers to discuss the $4.5 million you stole from America and Michigan Debbie Stabenow???
It is our report, not his!!!!
what do you expect from a administration that lies every chance they get?  Transparency? EPA? Not in This republican farce.
Give em hell Debbie!!!!!
@SenStabenow Is too busy on her butt pretend to  be busy caring for MI!!!!!
Likely because Trump's proposed budget slashes support for keeping our Great Lakes clean. https://clevelandhistorical.org/items/show/58 
WHAT r u, @senrobportman  & u, @boblatta going 2 do abt 11 million ppl counting on SAFE WATER 2 #SURIVE? @maddow  @MMFlint @SenStabenow
we must keep asian carp out of the great lakes! they invaded the IL river where i used to live. thank you for working on this!
It's all too stupid to make up. Everyday! I just can't believe it. I want my country back!
Ugh. This leadership is terrible.
@MaddowBlog It really seems like he truly hates our planet and half the people in it! His grandchildren will inherit his mess!
Can you be more specific so we can call our MOC's and appropriate committee members to ask that they get involved?
Sue him!
Simple solution - 
Catch them
Cook on a Ceder Plank
Throw fish away, eat plank.............
Tweet about this till the idiots who put trump in the WH open up their eyes. If our fishing industry dies,so will lots of jobs.
In Nov..Michigan may have tipped the odds in favor of trump the traitor,but his damaging policies will end up costing Michigan.
I was pretty disappointed in my beloved home state of MI last year. I don't know how good, working class people think Trump relates to them.
So,WH isn't releasing information regarding Flynn's clearance to Congressional committee..Now WH not releasing a report regarding GL? Why?
Now what the hell have they got to gain by blocking a report like that. Someone needs to grow up, get these clowns out of the WH 4 Treason
@senrobportman what does WH have against the Great Lakes?
@SenStabenow YOU ARE THE WORST MI COULD ASK FOR!!!!!!!
 Unbelievable!
Hardball @Chris Matthews @msnbc@katy Tur U  were head on about DTrump
Must be big money in Asian Carp for somebody
Sometimes I'm at a loss of words for the stupidity of #45
What DOESN'T the WH block from being released?  
WH guest registry
Flynn docs
Asia carp report
Truth
I'm sure they r worse than 09 when your dear leader took power and did NOTHING! Neither did you. NOW it's a problem hypocrite disgrace to MI
Shut up! All you do is flap your jaws!
And this after Lake Erie finally got better Used to smell and all fish died And now wants to get rid of regs to protect them
Has the short-fingered vulgarian ever even seen the Great Lakes? He needs another 10 minute lesson on the importance and significance.
WH doesn't want people to know he is screwing up the country
WH full of kkk & Neo Nazis & the greedy traitors
Look again.  Who put the Asian carp in the great lakes?  Or zebra mussels?  Our illustrious senators did nothing but insult.  As u are now.
David must be one of those Trumpers
Good one.  Learn this issue from the beginning, then tell me how dumb I am.  How far do insults and chastising people get you?
Since you're a Senator instead of tweeting about it do something, get other Senators to stand up to the jerk and reject everything he wants
Not fair. I appreciate her tweet to alert everyone to the issue so that we have a chance to respond.
I'm fine with that but what can we do if our senators don't take a stand against Trump, this is her chance.  I hope she can do something
This may seem a small issue compared to Russia, DPRK an conflicts of interest but it's a VERY big deal to those of us in MI, &cares
Well #Michigan shouldn't have voted for Donald Trump
What is the matter with this man!! Does he want to destroy the whole country!!??
Yes,  he does. He's saying "screw you" from the oval office.
With his daughter at his side! She gets a better view that way of women  in the world
Keep the pressure on @SenStabenow.  This's important to the affected areas. I read that the Pres. cut the Great Lakes Restoration Fund.
Asian carp-I assume they expect china should be paying to fix this
White House isn't just Pro corporation, it's anti American. What other reason could there be in blocking a report? besides to hide the truth
It's truly as if Donald made a list of all the best things in life and is working to systematically destroy them one by one. #TheResistance
Could not agree with you more everything I stand for is now threatened. Sad times
Why would a person capable of acting for the common good refuse?
Acting in own best interest It's all over and no one seems to want to stop it Started in the 80s with the decade of me and instant grad
Well, if the report was started under Obama it's obviously evil. How great are those lakes anyway?
Jesus now the Great Lakes at risk. By the time @realDonaldTrump is done our country will b a wasteland. #Trump100days #Trumprussia
As someone who lives by one of these Great Lakes that is not cool but sadly typical.
Accident waiting to happen,  Great lakes algae in Ohio. Being proactive is a good thing  Toledo, 2014.
POISONING THE LAKES THAT ARE THE LIFEBLOOD OF MICHIGAN AND WISCONSIN IS JUST HOW TRUMP REWARDS HIS VOTERS IN THESE STATES.  DUMP HIM.
You have fought him all the way, how can you expect him to support you.
Senator, I respectfully ask that you pursue the report. We paid for it!
Ummmm @SenStabenow did NOTHING to help MI, as usual. She is awful for MI!!!!!
Maybe if we change the name of Asian Carp to Pussy, Trump Administration will give a shit.
@SenatorShaheen @SenatorHassan Please get involved.
trump furiously asks how to have carp "pay" for that dam.
"Why isn't the country of Asia paying for this?"
This is criminal!
Sue their asses!
You are the irresponsible one #BuildTheWall keep Americans safe #ComradeDebbie
Calling people names doesn't change elections
That name calling is juvenile? Your welcome
what do you expect, Mar a Lego serves the cheapest fish they can find. America first and all that.
you have two choices. You can indict him or you can cooperate with the nazi traitor pedophile fbi coup. We both know which one you will take
This makes no sense. Sen. Stabenow is a Democrat. Democrats do not have the majority. How can she indict Trump by herself?
I dont know if she can now, the fbi would probably just kill her. but you cant make an omlet without breaking some eggs
Um...the FBI would probably kill her? I'm at a real loss here.
nazi traitor pedophile fbi gestapo picks the president in this country d.
