He's going to mess up our G.Lakes ,we have to make sure he doesn't see another term.
1.6 billion dollars allocated to the Great Lakes Region Initiative from 2010 to 2014 alone. Ask her where the money went. Trump took 50 mill
Who needs clean water when we can have a beautiful wall to look at? Mexico going to pay to clean the water???
#IMPEACH #SAVETHEGREATLAKES
1.68 Billion dollars allocated to the Great Lakes Region Initiative from to 2010 to 2014 alone. Where'd the money go is the issue
Vote for #NeilGorsuch @SenStabenow up for re-election in 2018! Trump turned Michigan from blue to RED! 
#OustStabenow
#VoteGorsuchForSCOTUS
Dump her!
send him a note and .... we have 3/5 of the worlds freshwater
Flint says HANDS OFF The GREAT LAKES! Trump can buy his own legos! Does Trump even know what Lead or Asian Carp is?
Trump spews skewed gewgaw. A Wall, AT OUR EXPENSE is OUT of the  question! Trump has waged war on AMERICANS in every way possible.#NoGorsuch
Any comments on Podesta-Russia, Hillary-Uranium-Russia. Do you have nefarious contacts with Russia?Come clean now
Can't you improve the effectiveness with a 16% decrease in funds?  I thought you were good at your job. Bye 2018.
please vote No. I don't want a wall !!!
Oh right Communist Obama too busy spying on US Citizens, Congress & Judges.This is Nazism, Stalinist, Hitlerism.
I can't for the life of me understand why Congress hasn't thrown the collective wrench in this Wall Skeem by now.  A friging Wall.. Wow!
All of Michigan can become Flint 2.0, the way this is going.  Help!
Keep fighting for the GreatLakes
We don't need a wall. We need protection for our Great Lakes!
1.68 Billion dollars allocated to the Great Lakes Region Initiative from 2010 to 2014 alone Senator. Where'd the money go is the issue.
Please don't let them do this.
All you Democrats want to do is spend taxpayer money. Spend your own money if you want to save the planet
build that wall, Build That Wall,BUILD THAT WALL, BUILD THAT WALL,BUILD THAT WALL
Thank you for your efforts Senator Stabenow. You represent the people of Michigan well.
1.68 Billion dollars allocated to the Great Lakes Region Initiative from 2010 to 2014 alone. Her efforts didn't do much with that money
Please save us from this man, and from the Repubs that are looting our country. #persist #WeWillPerish #CantBreathe
1.68 Billion dollars allocated to the Great Lakes Region Initiative from 2010 to 2014 alone. We need to be saved from likes of stabenow
Please. Do not ever agree to 1 cent for stupid wall.
If you want to subsidize illegal aliens then spend your own money!
: @realDonaldTrump's #EGO #KillingAmericaBigly so he can have his #ToddlerTantrums and #Toys. He is #Unread #Unscholarly #Stupid
You 2...1.6 billion dollars allocated to the Great Lakes Region Initiative from to 2p10 to 2014 alone. Where'd the money go. Research. Read
You are a insidious creature. 50 million out of budget. Where'd the 1.68 Billion from GLRI 2010-2014 yrs. go to Senator. YOU SHOULD ANSWER!!
You hypocrite why didn't Obama protect us from Russia Cyber attacks he was there for 8 yrs, Trump been there 2mths
#NoBanNoWall
Why are you still in office Debbie Stabenow !!! You continue to pollute Michigan waters and America !!! RESIGN STABENOW !!!
No wall.  #45 can pay for it out of his own pocket.
hell no 45. He can use his unpaid taxes for it.
Let's build a wall around the White House...*THAT* I'd be willing to fund...
...2018 - time to find a new job lady; you are fired!
Duh twisted facts as usual Detroit News reports elimination when in fact it's a 16% cut.  Report it accurately.
quit cherry picking
He clearly doesn't recall winning Michigan by about 10K votes.  Votes that are easily changed next time.
please don't let him do it!!
They recently found increased mercury in GL. Why didn't this funding prevent this? Was it wasted, like all other Fed programs?
I'm so sick of that wall.  Our water quality is more important.
thank you Senator Stabenow! I'm with her! 
Thank you Senator Stabenow for fighting for Michigan...
1.68 Billion dollars allocated to the Great Lakes Region Initiative from 2010 to 2014 alone. She fought well for us ??? Please
@becksterbrian  you can't manage with the $300 Million left over? Budget your money better.
@becksterbrian Build that wall.
The funding has way too much FAT in it. Cut the fat and then negotiate new funding! Quit complaining and do something construct
Please tell me your reason for voting to sell our information without consent. I would like to know. Thanks
@MISenDems @detroitnews and only 42 mile wall. Really what an idiot
Please stop this madness Senator
He needs to be educated on the importance of clean water.
Noooo..America doesn't need a wall, we need clean air & water!!
he's got to find money for that wall somewhere.
Trump is trying to balance the budget.  What are all of you doing except whining about it.  $20 Trillion in debt.  Shame on you
We are $20 TRILLION dollars in debt.  This program started in 2010 under Obama's mass spending. Stop whining and help.
Wait...I thought Mexico was paying for that wall? Turns out Michigan is.
Why is he still being allowed to sign things? We need a pause!
@POTUS Insanity! Great Lakes should definitely be a higher priority than the ridiculous border wall! #GreatLakes
That is the most idiotic statement I have seen today.
Keep resisting.
so shortsighted our lakes are a national treasure to enjoy and care for   how will we ever explain this to our children   FIGHT
thank you Michigan for electing Donald @realDonaldTrump and sending Hillary to the waste dump of history.
the delusions of this woman are on par with maxine waters. trump is your boss till 2025.
@Morning_Joe and you can thank know nothing Harry Reid. Last time I checked, Mitt Romney was still at large.
your @Morning_Joe appearance was cringe worthy. you're not a tax atty. what good would 4 feet of paper do you? NEVER HAPPENING
I see some Federal dollars protecting GLks  overall why should  TX pay for MI or vice versa #Federalism
is this a real question that you are curious about? Cause I have some answers to that.
Who needs water when you can have a wall? Greatest President EVER!!!
@Mim5453 @detroitnews All the Trump supporters who BELIEVED his B.S. on he will get Mexico to pay. Well, it will be YOUR TAX $$
Take a pay cut .
he's a spoiled rich idiot who cares about himself and what will line him pockets once he's no longer president!
Not to mention the cost of the weekly Florida trips, his wife in NY, and his kids on their emoluments trips.
Let's save some $ by cutting off the secret service for NYC and his adult children and limiting his golf trips to Florida.
he must be stopped!
it is time for all lawmakers both GOP and Dems from the great state of #Michigan to stand up to the #POTUS on this
Michigan voted Trump.
This man doesn't not care about anything that is actually important!
The water Crisis happen on Obama's and your Watch, For once put the blame where it belongs, on you.
you must have been drinking lead for too long. Does the term appointed city manager mean anything to you?
call me crazy, but I'd rather have clean water than a border wall. SMH
Outrageous. Please continue to fight.
I am sick. I don't know to continue to fight him.
This is directly related to you and your resistance to fight President Trump. I can't wait for 2018!
Livid.  What should we do, who should we call~ all of us.
How much is that in Trump golf dollars? Trump is taking away clean water protections all over the USA. Make America Polluted Again (MAPA).
He can take part of it out of your ins benefit!!!
what exactly are you arguing here with this? That 50m to protect water can be financed by a sen insrnce?
Suggesting "America First," Trump (Pres. Bannon) support building a wall at the expense of Americans.
This is terrible!
shameful. If it weren't for bad ideas and lies, he'd have nothing at all.
