We cannot keep turning our backs and let them break the law while the people that are born here and abide by the law have to pay taxes
Y didn't they get theirselves legal when they got of age? BULLSHIT . Ship them out!!!
Thank you Sen Stabenow
It's time to listen to your constituents Michigan went red for a reason Debbie! if you want to keep your job you better work with Pres Trump
please support and fight for DACA. To do nothing is cowardice.  #DACAWorks #HereToStay
And what we're u doing from 2009-2011 for illegals?  Oh that's right nothing.
Thanks for the Tweet, but please pass legislation to ensure that those supported by #DACA continue to receive support. – a constituent
Also, we can condemn Trump's action without the "no fault of their own" language. http://feministing.com/2017/09/04/no-matter-what-happens-to-daca-defend-immigrant-youth-without-demonizing-parents/#.Wa2gUeoZDpc.facebook …
Senator, I stand with you, and I know you and @SenGaryPeters will do the right thing for these Dreamers!

Why did Congress do nothing to make what President Obama did legal? He knew it wouldn't stand. Dems stood by. Seems yall need to get to work
GOP Congress sought 2 obstruct change/reform - out of conviction & 2 win the "game"
Dems had control of House & Senate. Sat on their hands. And obstruct? Really? What are Dems doing now?? Pendulum swings both ways.
BTW, do U disagree with the facts above or just what they mean?
Bye-bye Debbie, we're gonna Make America Badass Again. #KidRockForSenate #Michigan #AmericaFirst 
couts ruled on DACA. It lost. Now go fix it.
I'm a Michigander and you are a hypocrite talking about illegal children being wronged when you support the abortion of American children.
Congress must #DefendDACA & pass bipartisan #DREAMAct. Trump Admin ending DACA is harmful to economy & morally wrong. @ConnectOurWorld
Trump had no choice. courts ruled and DACA LOST
If we educate these daca kids and send them back, are we not the losers. One could be studying Nuc. Physics. Do we want to send them back?
No one is sending them back - Trump is trying to get Congress to pass a law to allow them to become citizens - wise up
Do u really think Trump will approve anything without sticking his wall money tax reform on it. Good luck
Trump will sign a law that gives the DACA kids a pathway to citizenship
I hope
So give some vitamins to Chummy Chuck Schumer and Funny Al Franken and get to work! While at it, see if you can wake up Kirsten Gillibrand
How about you do your job.  You want to save these immigrants.  Meet in the middle and pass some legislation.
The young people know its illegal to be here and could have filed for citizenship and did sorry they messed dont put it on the legal people

When Hillary advocated deporting Illegal Immigrant children
"Just bc your child gets across the border, doesn't mean the child gets to stay" 
Follow the Law.  #AmericaFirst.  Citizens First.  You represent the citizens of the USA and MI
So what's the solution, Senator?
de acuerdo
Here is your chance to have it fixed legally. Make sure you build that wall so we don't let it happen again. Fail your job then home they go
What don't you get, We are a nation of laws. It's unconstitutional. Illegal is illegal.  Deport!! It is America first 
Wrong for you lazy senators not to do your job! Too busy collecting Menendez bribe money?
Agreed.  Still need to send their lame parents home.
MI constituent: Please stop demagoguing this issue.
This like every country must have law which past by congress .presedent Obama cannot change the constitution .Congress make the law
Senator do your job ,
REMOVE TRUMP!


Stinging words for liberals from Dr. Alveda King, niece of MLK Jr, regarding why she chose 2cast a vote in the direction of President Trump. 
Agreed, which is why congress should've passed legislation long ago.
Please help these young people
We get that...Work with The President for a solution...
Wrong for you to misrepresent what admin did...they are giving YOU (Congress) 6 months to get it right...Will YOU do your job? Crickets??
Obama and you as part of HIS administration created this debacle just like Obamacare, then when it implodes you blame someone else
It’s up to you and your co-workers to stand up to Trump’s hateful decision and secure the futures of DACA recipients with a legislative fix!
wrong for you to sit by and do nothing while Obama broke the law and created an unconstitutional act, in your court now DO SOMETHING
Wrong for Congress not to act all this time FIX IT if you really care
Michigan citizen here. I want and expect you to #DefendDACAِ with all your might. Same goes for @SenGaryPeters
Can bank robbers children profit of the deeds of their fathers illegal act? All of the emigrants using the legal process are punished.
I am your constituent. These are just words. U R 3rd branch of Govt. It's up to YOU to do something about this. YOU MUST ACT
Make it RIGHT!!
Expect a Forceful Stand from You, Senator. This move by the Trump Adm is unjust & should be fought. Don't let DJT scapegoat millions.
I paid to bring my wife here from the Philippines. You think it shoild be free for some? I feel discriminated against
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT THEN!!!
Being a follower instead of a leader again , LITTLE DEBBIE . Middle America is keeping score. Get to work , quit whining!
Keep fighting. #DACA #DefendACA #Dreamers #BeTheChange
Exactly.  What are you and your peers going to do about it?
How is a 6 month window for you to do the job you should have done already pulling the rug out from anybody are you that slow?
To late for sympathy, you failed by not legislating. Hopefully you will do the right thing and not run for re-election.
If you haven't already .@SenStabenow please step forward and cosponsor the Dream Act!!
Please help these people. We are better than this.
#anyonebutyouin2018
Once again blaming #POTUS for something that you should be doing.  #lookatmeicanpointfingers
Is all we can do is hope for a better 2020?
Wrong for you to charge tax payers for your health insurance, Deb
Don't talk to me about #DACA when you and your party willfully applauded Obama's breaking the law in the first place.
Thank you. I hope you support legislation that will protect these children and young people.
Yvette Anne Marion handfield overed. Not American. Usa study till 8 in morning all. Write notes verbatim on board know material not given
Annette Marion and cpms DoD jealous of me. Yvette Anne rose threas. A Marion handfield

When it comes to your desk what will you do?
Please pass legislation that makes the US permanently safe for dreamers. Sincerely, a MI constituent.
You Dems have been refusing to work on anything..stop obstructing Trump!! DACA was not & is not legal yet you stood by & did nothing!!
Debbie it's your failure and congresses failure to do something over the last 10 years about this. Can't blame executive branch
wrong 4our own suffer so illegals can prosper.is like me coming 2your family n you push your own children's needs aside 4mine
no it's like another family's kids being left on your doorstep and instead of offering them a place you tell them to get lost
are all of you housing them in your homes? Of course not
they have homes
no one in america is suffering bc children were brought here without choice and raised here. grow a fucking heart pat
congress needs to grow a law
they tried under obama and gop stopped it. learn to research pat
Pull the rug out? They came here illegally! How about defending Michigan and its taxpayers for once!
Wrong for Obama to allow 56,000 kids through border. Wrong for not securing border. that's what wrong.
Resist! Defend DACA!
Holy crap! Bots are spamming the hell out Senator Stabenow. Let's see Senator Kid Rock draft and debate a legislation you anti-intellectuals
If only there was a legislative body to write the laws. Shame our govt was created with so much power given to Pres...oh, wait.
I hope that you will co-sponsor the #DreamAct and work hard towards its passage!
It's wrong for admin to tell anyone who wants a better life they can't live here. 90% of everyone here is descended from immigrants!
Courts ruled pre trump
NOW GET TO WORK AND PROTECT DREAMERS!!!!!! YOUR JOB! NOT THE PRESIDENTS!!!!!!
No, wrong for the Democrat President Obama to make a law and leave it for the next administration. Executive branch not allowed to make law
So you care not one whit about our laws?? Hopefully, a lot of Michigan people care about the laws and fire you.
I don't know if you know it or not. Congress makes the laws, presidents do not. What Trump did was get rid of an illegal action by Your Pres
It was wrong for Obama to create it. Now get off your lazy butt and create a law in congress(where it belongs)!!
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world-0/donald-trump-dangerous-mental-illness-yale-psychiatrist-conference-us-president-unfit-james-gartner-a7694316.html … Wrong for Congress to continue to forge ahead with caustic agenda enabling unstable, aberrant man.2018.
What's wrong is Dems making this political. Don't like it change it but stop crying. Heres your boy saying only temp
From the mouth of 44, here you go libs, #DACA must end! .@POTUS, it was meant to be TEMPORARY, not a path to citizenship or amnesty #EndDACA 
@SenGaryPeters @realDonaldTrump Up to you, Congress, to fix what should have been done in the first place! This is a Congress issue now
Not children Debbie - average age is 22! Vote a law in if you have the courage
@SenGaryPeters UNDOCUMENTED = ILLEGAL! If you let #DACA expire deport them & their parents & family. That way we don't break up families!
It wasn't legal in the first place!! Your president Obama broke the law creating it!
you are a communist
It was wrongful for you to back 44 for breaking the law
So, overreaching executive orders on immigration are breaking the law? Good to know!
@SenGaryPeters you 2 have been in senate for how long? Plenty of chances to legalize #DACA. Trump gave a reprieve for you 2 do something!
You can't blame Trump for your INACTION! What he did was ILLEGAL re #DACA. Now's you chance to fix or let it expire.
"he" = "obama"
Please stop this and protect Dreamers! This is clearly another nod to his white supremacist base. Disgusting!
Its their parents fault for breaking the law. And shame on the parents. #ruleOfLaw
LOL you are from Michigan. Do you know anything but dirty corrupt politics? Michigan is a joke. This concerns border states, not you
Do your job and write laws than. The @POTUS is doing his job now do yours.
Now is the time for YOU the Congress to make it right. Allow "dreamers" already in the country to stay and stop further illegal immigration.
Try to apply pressure to GOP members of congress  2 act responsibly & support sensible reforms.
Why are ppl blaming @realDonaldTrump Admin for #DACA when it was Illegally and Unconstitutionally put into place by @BarackObama
When you have no path to begin with (catch22) this was a legal option.
"NO PATH" doesn't cut it!  How about becoming LEGAL as my Son-in-Law did.  Only thing left for him now is his citizenship ceremony.
How can you become a citizen if you there is no LEGAL way for you to do it? How? ideas? Luck your son-in-law did it but stop others!
It's far more wrong to pretend the US constitution means nothing and can be broken over hurt feelings.
What will you DO, Senator?
So as a senator what have u done?
Then DO SOMETHING. Twitter & Facebook are not enough. Democrats need to get their FACES on TV and condemn this. LOUDLY.
There's 2 things that can done now 1 deportation or 2 help them become legal citizens if felons deport automatically come back send to gitmo
What did you do, Senator, in 2009-2010 when your party had total govt control in regards to immigration?
Parents get fired from their jobs & have to move their kids all the time. Grow up.
What is congress going to do? Need answers not restating how most feel
Defend it Senator! #DACA
Michigan congressional delegation needs to unite to protect dreamers
trump is illegitimate move to impeachment
Please stop this. Please get him and his administration out of the white house. I'm truly embarrassed to be an American. NK now this.
This was congress duty! Obama OVERSTEPPED his constitutional authority. What a total dummy.

Well PLEASE DO SOMETHING. Can I help? Willing and able.
It's the very definition of cruelty. Trump is a monster. #DefendDACA
Cruelty was the kid's parents making them victims of their original crime by entering the country illegally
It's cruel and evil to punish children for the actions of their parents. Dreamers consider themselves American. They deserve to stay here.
Then why not seek citizenship instead of amnesty?
What makes you think they aren't trying to seek citizenship? Citizenship is a long, drawn-out process. Lots of red tape involved.
