Trumpcare is essentially capital punishment repackaged.

Often there's a lot of truth in comedy.
Yes. In fact, the comedians are doing a much better job on Trump than the MSM.
Yes. Of course it's not difficult: MSM largely silent. Good for ratings.
Why buy political ad time when you can own the station.
How does Cruz get elected when his only interest is protecting insurance companies and not people?
Because their are way too many Republican sheep in Texas.
Sadly, ugh
Did any of you research this info? Do you just believe everything you read? I don't and I won't.
The sad thing isn't that Cruz wants this, its that so many of his supporters are fine with it, too.
Until it affects them personally. Then, they'll blame Obama!
At some point, we're going to have to let it affect them, then we can hit rock bottom and fix this mess.
they would never admit how bad it affected them they are blinded by their own ignorance
I don't think enough can be said about this! Topher laid this out for us - Cruz's amendment that trump thinks makes this #AHCA beautiful!!!
Why
Does
Ted
Cruz 
Hate
People?!
Libertarians and the like really only seem to care about themselves. They believe capitalism is king and should only pay for what THEY need
If this insurance is so great why doesn't Congress have it?
Oh, only because they don't want to die.
Healthcare is not a right. ALL Federal social services should be wiped out.
https://twitter.com/sumoh7/status/882775521674891265 …
What's left?  Did you ever have insurance before obamacare?  Obamacare only made us pay higher premium and raised deductibles 3 x or more
Isn't that just for the non-Obamacare-compliant policies that the insurance companies can sell so long as they sell one compliant policy?
A compliant policy (i.e. robust benefits) will attract the sick & folks w/ chronic conditions aka a high-risk pool. Expect exorbitant costs.
Translation: The people who cost more money may have to spend more money.

Only in a backwards world is this a sign of a system not working.
ACA is designed to offer comprehensive care. Older folks pay 3x more bc they use more. Insurance is about spreading risk, not gouging some.
Wrong - that's like saying people who drive more than others should pay a higher proportion of the costs to build roads.
Healthcare is both highly individual & a shared responsibility. Robust care for all is a moral issue. Road usage isn't.
Health care cannot be fairly provided by an unregulated free. The free market is not the answer to every economic or social  problem.
UwantFedGovtFascism<=NT Am. CultureR Const.-move2Commie/Marxst countries4tht! Cruz aUSConstitutionalst-i.e.Small FedGovt,#10A StatesRights!
Cruz Administration Stinks Mike Pompeo CIA Director Agree s Now!
All elected officials should be subject to the same "plans" we the people are. I bet it gets fixed then.
Never have trusted Cruz since the gov't shutdown!!!
Why is Congress being allowed to exclude themselves from Trumpcare?  If they like it so much, they need to be covered under it also.
John Liggett--Thanks for the follow!
But it's "tremendous health care, the best, trust them, you have never seen better health care than this..."

you are missing Ryan.
@tedcruz HORRIBLE HORRIBLE YOUR PLAN SUCKS
Would say that truth is in the details but, here, it is in the motives behind details. Looking at motives, they are of bad people, really!
All of which make the ACA plans easy to get & impossible to afford, like the old NYS individual market
Your red pen seems to hate freedom.
Have u ever really hate a set of ppl so f@&$&? much!!!
Bandaids and aspirin anyone?
Ted, what a guy?  He's doing such a great job in the Senate looking out for the interests of insurance companies!  #Sarcasm #ResistTrumpCare
duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuude,..

The Red Pen Explains what #TrumpCare will #CUT,
@realdonaldtrump. Taste #impeachment.
 Here are the consumer protections the Cruz amendment wipes out: 
Republicans are using healthcare exclusion as a weapon to kill off Americans they deem undesirable.
@stephenmoore is spinning lies about the Cruz amendment. Millions will lose affordable coverage, except Congress.
As per usual, @GOP is NOT crafting a health care bill.
Get rid of Ted Cruz ...Contribute to Beto O'Rourke today
Contribute to Beto O'Rourke today
Ted Cruz is a con-man of the highest order. He is a traitor to the office and constituency he serves.
@tedcruz is an embarrassment to Texas
These people are psychopaths.
This is heartbreaking. Too bad that's probably not covered either. I'm thinking about planning to die in the next 10 yrs. If this passes.
I guess the only upside to Trump presidency is, it could have been Ted in the WH. Imagine the horrors that fascist would try to foist on us
Big government means big spending. How would YOU wipe out the USA's $700Billion annual deficit?
They need to sign their name if it doesn't fit the needs of all the pple, they should pay out of their own pockets to fit the bill.
Important summary. Thanks!
This is the post in which I finally get the GOP: Chronic self-loathers that hate themselves to the core & by extension all others.
Does @realDonaldTrump think it's mean?
Any one wants to learn some Castilian ?? We can tell him a few things ugg
FUBAR politics.
Let's call it what it really is. #KillAmericaHealthBill
All I'll say is Ted Cruz is Lucifer. Imagine if he were President. God help us
@SenTomCotton @JohnBoozman R U REALLY willing 2 do this 2 Arkansans yet protect U, UR immediate family from this? NO trumpdontcare/BCRA!!!
Trumpcare is a Death Sentence for Millions of Sick Americans who won't be able to keep Medicaid or afford Premiums for coverage needed, Meds
Remember, Congress has exempted themselves from horrendous health care program. They're keeping Obamacare.
"Essential health benefits"
And while they #distract us with a #HealthcareBill they know will never pass, divert us with #Russia allegations, they end #NetNeautrality
When will cons learn that their MoCs do not represent their interests. Repubs have not been on the side of the people for a long time
Cruz has health care he's doing the #maga shuffle.
Ever notice the similarities?
.@TopherSpiro
@tedCruz lacks the heart & soul to see his cruelty but his children will live with an infamy to be known as the Cruz Amendment
Thanks for the cheat sheet!
@tedcruz is a snake.
Ted Cruz really doesn't have a soul!
Amazing to thing this dildo was the next best option to trump
You have to call them daily, tell Mitch McConnell: do not take health care from 22 million to give tax cuts to billionaires.
Why does this one Senator have so much influence over something he knows nothing about? Why are his ideas even considered?
Looks like an awesome amendment. Just what every American wants.
Shocking (snark).
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz you are a big stick of butter.
Congress excludes itself  from this devastating substandard program. What's that tell ya?
Sad face
.@SenToddYoung More reasons to vote NO
Ted Cruz is simply a bad person! He's the most hated person in Congress! Why would anyone consider amendment from him?!
What I don't understand, is insurance experts say this will further destabilize market. All so they can keep a stupid, ill advised promise.
Oh, and also because they hate Obama and think this will erase his legacy- instead it will cement them as the cruelest monsters in history.
We are not in the business of protecting Americans' health apparently. Cruel and vicious.
Thank you for keeping this atrocity out in front of everyone. Russia is crazy, but Mueller can handle it. WE are all there is to stop #brca
And here's the BS @SenatorLankford is sending out to Oklahomans...
If this becomes the law of the land, there is ZERO reason to waste a dime on insurance.
Is anyone really surprised?
In other words Senator Cruz is sure you'll be fine. As long as you never get sick.
Is this all of them? This is a very helpful tweet for something I'm working on
@maitlis I recall English commentary, during 2016 prmaries, that Cruz would be worse president than trump.

Hey @tedcruz @JohnCornyn what happens when Texas voters see you've sold them out? Will you still blame Obama?
Cruz is sycophantic
Why are we letting the Zodiak Killer write policy?
So basically everything.
@SenTedCruz gave it his name? How stupid and creepy...always creepy.
Here r 95 personal health care stories and necessary Ams to BCRA  + guide to write own 2 send to Senators
When you gut something, you rip out all the organs.
Sounds like lots of govt over-reach. Not constitutionally authorized. Look elsewhere!
This man is a "divider" in every way ! He is not liked by his colleagues- we need folks who work together- not tools like him .
#theUnAmericans really don't like the citizen of this country do they?? And is their coverage included in this bill??
You're lying. Fully populated plans will still be available. This just allows people to by less.
@LyndaWoolard but of course he and his colleagues are exempt
So basically destroys all the meaningful consumer protections.
@SenTedCruz is it true?  senators and Hrepresentatives  are keeping Obamacare for themselves and their families. Why can't we have good HC?
Says who? "Essential Health Benefits" LOL!
Republicans are mentally sick people for pushing this...
Protections put in place by the ACA ("Obamacare")
Vote that smarmy faced twit out!
And the pen runs out of ink
Hey Republicans. You're adding nails to your coffins if u pass this bill. Americans R not yet ready to see old people lying in the street
There have been Nobel prizes in economics awarded for the advantage non-stanrdization gives to sellers like insurers http://cob.jmu.edu/rosserjb/Nobel%20Prize.%20Akerlof-Spence-Stiglitz.doc …
More FAKE news !  one side of the story...as usual....corrupt and fraudulent .
OMW! They're never going to "Make america great" by F!-ing over the entire american populace... Make america revolt is more likely...
So basically Cruz wants us to pay more for less/no coverage.... and the one he is protecting is the ins company. Lovely Christian
A few questions. Who is worse, Cruz or Ryan? How does either one sleep at night?  Who do they represent?
I like how it's written in clear language so that anyone reading statute will understand the implications of what they sign onto. LOL #GOP!
He is the Zodiac Killer, after all...
Will Trump, Pence get their preexisting healthcare when they're in prison?
Off with his head!
Holy shit....... this is beyond evil
Why didnt you do anything for 7 yrs as ACA has been running up premiums and deductibles? You attack someones fix and offer nothing? You Suck
Sick.
My son heard him talk and calls him "The Lizard"
Can't we wipe out Cruz?
Gotta love how @GOP thinks so VERY HIGHLY of HCRA/BCRA: Kept premium version of *ACA* for themselves - and then are screwing rest of us!
Primary his ass. This guy allows Trump to publicly disrespect his wife. Of course he gives no fucks if he gives no fucks abt his own family
@BetoORourke is running to unseat Cruz and has my full support and campaign contributions as often as I can manage!  #NoMoreCruz
even uglier on the inside @tedcruz
it's subhuman
People from Texas this the man that work for you and promise to protect you !! He doesn't care for anybody but money and position !!he sucks
@SenTedCruz You Koch$ucking sellout. Your donors are far more important than we the people- you are heartless & less than human -
Pre-existing conditions are out the window. 1 policy per insurer must cover them, all other policies can exclude. 
The @GOP believes consumers need no protections. We have the 2nd Amendment to solve our own problems. @tedcruz @tedlieu @joanwalsh @igggie1
If this makes it into law, Trump will have screwed over his supporters worse than his contractors, investors and TrumpU students combined.
Old Traitor Ted is a real people person
So, is this why the senate has made themselves exempt from TrumpCare, because Teddy has made it worse!
Ted Cruz is Scrooge incarnate. 
#SenateHealthCareBill
The Texas Butcher.
So basically people will be paying for nothing. No protections, get sick; die or go bankrupt.
So basically everything that mattered?
If Ted Cruz is for it, then the rest of the planet is not. It's just math.
This presidenting is hard. 
Give it up and improve Obama Care.
And don't let the door hit you on your way out
The scribbles are incorrect. Example EHB's are NOT eliminated. They are OPTIONAL. Don't need to include ALL of them if not wanted.....
.... example: Our O'care policy includes maternity, pediatric, mental health, drug abuse. Opting out of them will reduce premium by a lot!
If someone wants ALL those things they can opt in and pay for them. We don't want them. Our premium is triple what it was. @obamasdeepstate


I don't need any benefits! I'll take care of myself!
Cruz another unethical, deplorable human being who really hates most Americans! I can't wait for the day he is gone!
@tedcruz is a greedy and heartless POS!
Well, this man who an elected( by the both the electrol college & popular vote)President really just makes sense in a world gone mad!!!
Mood.
I think that I wish Ted Cruz a long and painful decline and death.
How can any1 Republican or Democrats, support anything the most hated man in congress suggests? @GOP bill is a killer. All need to scream no
Another attempt by the GOP to destroy the insurance market, then blame it on Obama.
Yeah - but we promised....
This is #DeathCare How can they even sleep at night. Crooked Republicans 
I'd like to kick Ted Cruz in the nuts. Pre-existing condition that Lyin' Ted.
People who "never" go to the doctor are "never" sick.  So never know what the hell is going on.
That is actively sending people to their death beds in poverty.
@ActualEPAFacts People must be told. Spread the word. Loudly.
Pathetic!
Cunt
He is a boil on the ass of America. How do these people sleep at night?
Better to take chances without coverage then... Such a joke.

Why doesn't Congress have to have the same insurance like the rest of us?Don't they make enough money?$125,000 plus not enough? TWEET them!
@GeorgeTakei Cruz is a good "Christian," so hypocritical !!
Cruz amendment? Call it what it really is: Trumpcare!
And, while we're at it, let's make sure anyone who votes for this gets kicked out!
@GeorgeTakei Cruz is an ass and sane people in Texas can't wait until he is voted out
So, most of the useful stuff that wasn't the healthcare exchange itself? :-/
No to this one too
@SenToomey   15%of ppl disapprove.  Why can't u and Mitch pay heed?   How can @SenTedCruz amendment help ANYONE?
How can they do all of this through reconciliation?
So it looks like Trump Care just got seriously worse..
Dr Kevorkian approved!
GOP not #prolife
Never understood why prolifers hate abortion but are in favor of war and death penalty and now this healthcare #profetus not #prolife
NONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONO
I notice it doesn't ban the gutting of medicare.  Where are the Republicans promises that it would not affect Medicare and Medicade
serious question. who is behind this push for crappy health insurance that doesn’t work when you need it?
The Veterans Administration. They've tested the model against the health needs of our veterans, and liked the savings.
Always knew @tedcruz was evil, now he's the devil
Shameful, but it's no more than we'd expect from someone like him, such cold heartedness.
Seems as if they will keep the mandate to have coverage, but offer absolutely nothing for the premiums that are paid. Consumer scam!
UN FUCKING BELIEVABLE
Per Al Franken: When most people think of a cruise that’s full of s—, they think of Carnival. But we think of Ted.
That is not true and you know it is not true.The failed #obamacare plan is still available for those who want it. #lie #propagandist
So basically it repeals most things?
Because I need to have prenatal, well baby & pregnancy coverage even though it's impossible for me to use those coverage requirements.
that's a hell of a lot of hurt and damage on one page. #MakeThoseCalls.
@WhitfordBradley That would basically like having no insurance at all.
Why do they hate us so much?
trump said ted cruz's dad killed President Kennedy. that ted cruz?
Why the hell are they wasting time and money on this. Just start over. And talk with the Democrats.
: " Here are the consumer protections the Cruz amendment wipes out:…" #1 in United States

This is the problem with huge govt. entitlements. Once in there, the citizenry demands more reliance on govt. support.
.@SenToddYoung
How low will you sink to put party before country. Have you ever seen the The Raimaker w/Matt Damon this what your amendment to HC creates.
If Ted Cruz has anything to do with it, you know it will screw poor people to benefit the rich.
The CBO score HAS to get worse on this vs better.....Cruz is such a "good Christian" isn't he?  
He's a real humanitarian that one 
#tedcruz is a senator claiming to represent #Texas but he does not. Also known as 'the most hated man in congress' he is hated here as well.
I'll believe he's hated when Texans vote him out of office.
We, the everyday taxpaying folk, are not deserving of the same protections as our elected US officials?? SHAMEFUL. @SenateMajLdr
You can have their coverage.....they just want you to take out a second mortgage to afford it.....and to stop buying iPhones
