1 day later, reviewed video many times. No lying or misleading. Bob Dutko says the same. I trust him, not you.
I'm originally from Michigan. I used to listen to Bob Dutko on WMUZ all the time!
You, Peters,Pelosi,Warren,Davis are a bunch of .you all all would do better by joining Barnum and bailey
thank you! Now what is your position on SCOTUS trump pick????  Please state your position!
thank you
Thank you Senator for making your position known on this Keep pushing for this administration to be held accountable. #resist
Did you really go to college?
@MichiganDems Heard you on @Morning_Joe this morning! THANK YOU for representing Michigan and for holding @POTUS accountable!
Please look into Jerad Kushner and Mike Flynn's meeting with Russians in December!
@LK_Brundage @SenStabenow @MichiganDems @Morning_Joe @POTUS Hey look at #HillaryClinton also.
FOCUS, Carl! We are not talking about HRC!
You should be.
WHY?
we can think of another benign senator that probably wouldn't even be missed if she retired.
are you part of the Democratic party trying to overthrow the government?
Not showing up for work like you during confirmation hearings, we should have you resign.
#TermLimits  #FakeScandal #FakeNews #fakeoutrage #trumptrain #WeThePeople #PresidentTrump2020
you should be ashamed of yourself. We are ashamed of you. This is a man of honor who we want to be free to do his job.
BS.  He answered the questions asked. Period.  Stop the witch hunt.  There's nothing there.  YOU should resign.  Hack.
go after him! He. Is. Scum. He didn't "mislead", he out right lied to a very straightforward question.
What did he say that was a lie?  Facts only.
Sessions flat out lied saying he didn't meet with Russians. Tbone- you have truth issues. Get help. Up your meds
Sessions answered the questions that were asked.  Watch his testimony.  Play it slow so you can understand.
Have you ever meet with a Russian government official?
The man's job was to talk to foreign leaders.  I think you should spend more time on what is right.  What about the Clintons?
You need to start supporting and stop obstructing- - what a embarrassment to the democrat party- Party Jumper here  #TRUMP2020
Bye!!

Thank you, Senator.
thank you senator
Voters will be angry if you continue down the path of obstruction and "scandals" Maybe Sen Franken should have asked a better ?
Thank you Senator!  We need an independent investigation along with those tax returns! Thank you for your voice!
Thank you for standing up for Michigan and our country!
Thank you, Senator! We will remember your courage in leading the charge on this critical issue!
you should resign!
using that logic so should 90% of Congress...oops...100%
horse hockey. He answered the questions that were asked. You should resign.
If this isn't a political game, and you actually believe it charge him with perjury instead of politely asking for resignation
Thank you for speaking out against Russian Influence. A true Patriot does not sit quietly by while treason is committed
I agree with you, Senator. Keep pushing for the truth about this administration's ties to Russia.
Stop lies! We know the truth! Sessions was asked if he talked about Trump w/Russian Amb he did not! He did his job! You Resign!
Jeff Sessions needs to resign.
ask @SenSchumer if he had an issue meeting with Putin in NYC in 2003.  He sure had fun sharing coffee and doughnuts #hypocrite
Thank you Thank you Thank you
Thank you Debbie!  Now we need to oppose the money Trump wants to take away from the Great Lakes!
Agree!
As a constituent, disappointed to see you voting (with Heitkamp?) yes on #RickPerry. Ur wrong as you were during the primary.
What exactly were his misleading statements?
Independent investigation and special prosecutor of Trump, Russia, business, election, taxes ties. Remove Russian ambassador!
Eric Holder lied to congress right to their face fast & furious and nobody blinked an eye. But of course we see the difference.
Typical response! What about Billy? He pushed Suzy? LOL!
Yes.
I agree and would like to see him prosecuted.
do not speak before you act!  Tell us something we don't know. What are YOU going to do about it?  #lunchwithbanks&bigAg
you should do your job and confirm SCOTUS.  But neither of us will get what we want.
So do something about it.
Get over Russia. Russia Russia Russia! Sick of hearing about Russia. Wouldn't of been anything said if Dems won election.
Even Sessions excuse of being 'caught off guard' by a straight forward question falls apart because he answered an even more
streamlined and direct question in writing, when he had time to think&had already become aware of the situation at least during
his nomination hearing, although how he could claim not to have any knowledge of it is baffling.If he can't even interpret a
simple question, twice, how can he ever be trusted to interpret complex legal situations, on top of his dishonesty.
Based on the new info that Sessions lied under oath to Senate,can an attorney file an ethics violations complaint with the bar?
Too bad they have to offend Trump to resign. No other visible path to correcting our anti-whatever job they got appointees...
He did not. You are out of control. When do you plan on doing your duty?
FAKE NEWS Debbie Stabintheback!  I sure hope fellow Michiganders see thru you and your KKK friends agenda!
@SenGaryPeters You continue to regurgitate @SenSchumer and his talking points Very disappointed MI constituent, but no surprise
Thank you, Senator.  I agree with you.
You voted to confirm Rick Perry today, IIRC. You should be primaried.
thank you Sen keep up the good work
I don't care anything about Sessions, but I'm alarmed at how poorly informed you are, senator.
@MichiganDems Thank you!!
Perjury for any reason is grounds for Session's dismissal.
@MichiganDems Hillary "misled" the senate under oath and you made her your nominee. Forgive me if I don't find you credible.
Thank you for your voice! Love from Michigan!  GO BLUE! 
Pruitt lied under oath also about his emails, not doing business thru them on unsecured server!
you're right Senator!
hillary lied under oath and that didnt seem to be a problem then why now
all are elected officials should start working together instead of this blame game crap start working for the people not selfs
have u listened to what was said in the hearing wasn't even the same question I don't remember u saying anything about last AGs
..Don't pay attention to Obama using DOJ slush fund (taxpayer $'s)to support Dem Party. Look at shiny object here(AG Sessions).
Yes!  And thank you for saying so.
unequivocal statement. Stand up for USA. Hold AG accountable.
Thank you for taking a strong stance on AG Jeff Sessions.
you are right.  Sessions must resign.
Thank you Senator!
tell me more about your buddy @clairecmc and talking to Russians
Yes, and thank you from a constituent.  But Rick Perry?!  Dear god, why?
I agree but really debbie rick perry? .....come on
thank you for speaking up and standing out #WeStandTogether 
 @jeffsessions MUST #resign for the integrity of #democracy
U SHOULD RESIGN 4 LYING ABOUT THE AG. DID YOU LISTEN TO THE QUESTION IN ITS ENTIRETY? UR BOY FRANKEN TALKED IN CIRCLES UNCLEAR
thank you. He blemishes the rep of the DOJ by perjury or at best deception.  #sessionsmustresign
Thank you Senator Stabenow. Second the motion from Michigan. 
thank you!!! Sessions needs to go. Traitor!
thank you Senator as a constituent I totally agree. He's a bad hombre and must go the way Flynn did.
I suggest you focus your attention on Michigan rather than Sessions. I suspect your days are numbered.
Thank you for your statement, Senator Stabenow.  Couldn't agree more!
are u kidding after the last 2 AG this man is a saint there are many in congress that should resign he's not one of them
he lied
I just watched AG Sessions press conf and a replay of his answer to Sen. Franken.  I believe you are wrong Sen. Stabenow.
seem to be playing by two separate rules one for the republicans one for the democrats. If he was a democrat he'd gone already
so let me know why Hillary got money from Russia, it was ok? I want to know more on that..& more
Senator Debbie Stabenow misled America pretending she was a Senator for the US. She is not. She is pure "Anti-Trump (D)" !!!
Democrats are OBSTRUCTIONISTs and Stabenow should be voted out for her part in it! She does not work for all Citizens!
That is a full blown lie. Democrats are the most coniving, lying bunch of hypocrites I've ever seen in my lifetime. Do your job
Thank you.  Please continue to push for an independent investigation into Russian ties with this administration.
Jeff Sessions is an honest and trustworthy lawmaker. You owe him an apology! Dem. party behavior shameful!!!
Trustworthy? He's the Attorney General and lied! Your comment is laughable!
Completely false. Try listening to his testimony again with an objective ear, if you can.
In all do respect, that is a lie.
As a constituent, I appreciate this, but to be clear - he blatantly lied while under oath. That's a bit more than "misleading".
"I did not...have...sexual relations l..."
You have no proof!! If that's the case then Sen Mc Caskell should resign for lying!!
Quit the partisan Witch hunt!! Get over your loss and get on to the business at hand. Loretta Lynch should have resigned.
You're such a liar
Washington Post misled you.  Sessions story is just more fake news.  Check your facts.
Sorry, you're not MI
. Why don't you start becoming part of the solution instead of the problem.  Either help fix our problems or get out of the way.
You have evidence he talked about Trump campaign matters? Can you share that evidence please?
Why dont we just let the Demoncrats appoint the entire cabinet? Then you can stop this absurd witch hunt! Sickening people
the only reason trumps fights this investigation maybe because he himself will be implemented at the highest level
Thank you for standing up for the American people and for democracy.
Thank you!
should resign, democrats should work for its CITIZENS instead of illegals and impeding an actual working government.
Russia threatens our security? Well let them immigrate to the US! You are off base lady!
..your are twisting the facts..just like Dems..Dems have nothing to offer us..you put party first over MI resident..
Thank you, Senator.
for what
if you are just one a witch hunt and not jobs,health care, clean water for michigan u should resign.
The word misled was stale 20 years ago. My eyes roll so hard it hurts my neck. Say anything else. "False statements." Anything.
Thank you, @SenStabenow.
AG Sessions misled the Senate under oath about his contact with Russia, a country that threatens our security. He should resign.
How does Russia threaten us The Cold war is over .
what a bunch of bs from you and your cohorts. It's high time for #TermLimits or a resignation from  you.
He should resign and investigations should begin NOW!
As a constituent, I totally support calling for #SessionsMustResign.
#FNBS
Why aren't you calling for @clairecmc to resign?
Absolutely but Ryan and McConnell standing up for him and Trump. Why?
.@SenStabenow I guess that Sen McCaskill should resign as well.No double standard, Right?Start supporting our gov instead of subversion.2018
YOU ARE A FOOL, DIDN'T HILARY CLINTON MEET UKRAINIAN OFFICIALS
Senate should demand such.
