Open your eyes and ears! Dems have been a party of hate long before Trump became president! If you believed in morals you would leave Dems
Are you incapable of reconciling the alt-right's love of Trump with the Republican Party? Must you try to deflect this way?
Are you a nut? It doesn't make a diff if they love him as long as he doesn't support them! Historically Dems have been racist, many still r
He's playing right into their hands and looks like one himself.
I haven't seen Trump do anything that makes him sympathetic towards them but I do not trust Bannon.
They see him as an ally and that frightens me. And Bannon is there whispering in Trump's ear: immigration, Muslim ban, white discrimination
how they see him is unimportant it is his actions that count. he is type A personality and does things his way right or wrong just like us
Don't lump me in with Mr. Trump! How they see his words & actions really does matter. If they think they have WH allies it emboldens them.
How many times does he have to condemn everyone for you people to stop this? WHY are you pretending you didn't hear him?!
Oh Lord, you need to stop. You don't need a personal denouncement toooooo!  I have an idea help the poor people of Flint get healthy water
You haven't condemned fellow dem for wishing President Trump was assassinated. Did you ever denounce BLM or antifa? Hypocrite!
His words are that of a neo-Nazi sympathizer, willfully dividing our nation. Please urge House to impeach/invoke 25th amendment.
Untrue. His words are those of a @POTUS that believes in constitutional free speech.
All you are making a false narrative you need to watch the news and find out what is really going on not making it up you democrats LIE
Dammit Debbie !!! He has condemned those groups for DECADES!!!!!  You're not msm so come honest with us or you will lose YOUR credibility.
To be fair Donald Trump has held nearly every opinion and every position so I wouldn't put it past him. But right now he's in the wrong.
I think you've been watching CNN too long. Please name one.
A 5m 42s video
https://youtu.be/qUuHDOq58XU 
It's time for people to REPLACE these self centered idiots in Washington that are ALL TALK with no vision for the people.# BLINDED BY GREED.

THE GROUPS ARE NOT THE SAME. They're so different that I'm incredulous you see them as equivalent to each other.
It amazes me that some believe a group that believes their race makes them superior & a group that wants equal treatment 4 all is the same.
Right.  BLM should be shot thinking they are superior.
The cancer was aggressive but the chemotherapy was also very aggressive....is that what you meant Frank.  Keep deflecting
Talk about Cancer what about the poor people of Flint. How about that for a deflection. Get those people help. Charity starts at home.
Phoenix rally speech of .@realDonaldTrump leaves no doubt that he is unfit to lead. 25th Amendment. Thank you for all you do Sen Stabenow
Glad your my Senator!
The hate was on both sides. The violence started on the left. That's who you support by not calling them out. Ex-Senator.
why weren't these statutes an issue when Obama was President?
We support you Senator!! Still waiting for your so called rival Kid Rock *who may or may not run* to STAND UP speak out. 
Yet...
He's WEAK! Kid Rock's spent entire career appropriating cultures NOT his OWN. He can't and won't speak out against racism/antisemitism?!
And lies are lies Deb
Hypocrite!! Why arent you condemning her calling for violence and murder?
You are just a prime example, were we listening to the same speech. I do not think you even paid attention. You do not pay art. here in Mich
Thank you Debbie.   Impeachment should be on everyone's mind.  This President not fit to sit.
Yes. He is bent on destroying our democracy. #impeach #25thAmendment
Why has the process of impeachment not begun?! Remove him from office!
Yes hate is hate, we hate you representing us. You need to go in 2018.
I suppose your going to blame Trump for the latest terrorist attach in Barcelona. Did you raise your kids to have your dissension?
Your are so out of touch. You belong in SF.
Quit saying something obvious and DO something-for a change. Seriously, who writes your material?
I know you will vote yes to censure drumphf. Please make his impeachment your highest priority from now on! #ImpeachTrump
Democrats invented "identity politics". Hypocrite!  KKK, NAZI, BLM, LA RASA, CAIR, ANTIFA and the DNC are all HATE GROUPS.
What about you? Your refusal to support #SinglePayer and being bribed into SPONSORING the DARK ACT? Brought 400 mil to yourself & Washington
Tell the truth you liar!!!
So do something. Congress needs to send the message that Trump's behavior is unacceptable. Censure him. Lead the way, Senator.
Antifa and Black Lives Matter should be condemned. The Whites had shields and helmets. The Communists had baseball bats and rocks.
What part of condemning Nazis and white supremacists did you not hear Senator? @potus stated this numerous times. Quit parsing his words!
Thank you Senator, for speaking out against hate and racism and calling it what it is!  We need more leadership like you in Washington!
Your tweet is incredibly inaccurate. He has repeatedly condemned.
He condemned them ALL.  Stop speading lies.  @LenaEpstein  for Senate!!!
Spreading lies 
Senator Stabenow, always on the job for her Michigan constituents. Thank You! Thank You for your INTEGRITY & MIDWEST MORALS! Peace & Love 2U
Can u read? Are u truly that dense? How did u make it in this position representing Michigan
Trump didn't refer to black youth as "super-predators who need to be brought to heel!" I think Hillary did, though.
Poor excuse at distraction here.
Please call for his resignation. There needs to be a chorus of bipartisan calls for this.
No. This is not a "both sides" issue.
Then why are the people supporting Trump and the KKKNazis all right wingers?
I hope come election time you get voted out of office.  Why don't you get busy and fix this HC mess that you libs created.
You think HC caused a mess? Trump is a bull in a china shop.
I'm so sick of this. His first statement he said all sides..then he named them. Have you ever called out BLM or Antifa?
Maybe you should inform your Dem leadership on "hate is hate"?
You can't be this stupid or this deaf,  so what's left is lying divider. Remember this lying divider
That hate is hate period comment goes for you and your hatred for President Trump as well.
Disagreement is not hate. And you have to recognize that the KKK and white supremacists are built on hatred.
Apparently you weren't listening but that's not new.
How many times does he have to do it? Only see what you want. SMFH
u goof did u even try to listen. not everyone there was ANTI anything.  Many good people just observing!  that is what trump said--u goof.
Trump has no morals. The legislative  and Judicial Branches of the US Govt needs to step up and out to stop him  IMPEACH NOW.
Deb, your continued propagation of false information is unAmerican. Kid Rock ROCKS!
Kid Rock for Senator is a joke. And Stabenow is speaking correctly. Trump reverted to his "both sides" stance last night. He's wrong.
Then do something about it Debbie! I want him impeached.
For once I would like someone in your position to actually speak the truth Mrs. Stabenow.
She did. Trump reverted to his initial "both sides" stance. And he's in the wrong to do so.
Lie , he has condemned , stave now creating hate and doing nothing.
So what is the senate and house doing about it?
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
Please speak out against Trump and his lack of leadersip
Time to lame duck the President!
Senator Stabenow, what are you doing to remove this hateful rhetoric from the White House? Words are no longer enough.
Why do you repeat this false narrative? Did you condemn BLM when they were chanting pigs in a blanket, fry 'me like bacon? Hypocrite much?
She's correct though. trump flipped back to his incorrect "both sides" stance. He's wrong.
Thank you, Senator, for saying this so plainly.
Folks, impeachment begins in the House, not the Senate.
Freedom of movement, speech, to protest, is a right for all, not just people you disagree with. Uphold rights ,or get out of politics.
Thank you for your virtue signaling.  Democrats must be crushed.
PLEASE, you and your colleagues do SOMETHING about it!  Please look seriously into impeachment (if possible) or mentally unfit for duty!
I should say @realDonaldTrump is MORALLY unfit for duty!
Thank you @SenStabenow for standing up. Please do what you can to remove this president
Who will be the one to finally have the courage to stand up and start the conversation about #ImpeachTrump ?
Kid Rock 2018
Keep giving free food and medical to people they will never work
You are  lying about President Trump
You and Nancy pelosi must have came off the same senile bus. Get back on it. MI doesn't want you.
Censure is in order!
As one of your contingents please answer: how is he getting away with all of this bullcrap?
"I know, I'll distract from the president's bad behavior by bringing up BLM!"
Keep up! POTUS has many, many times. Get new sources of information

I watched 4 youths torture a mentally challenged man in Chicago in the name of #Resist. Why wont you disavow this hate group?
In part, and hear me out, BECAUSE THEY ARENT THE PRESIDENT!!!
He has REPEATEDLY disavowed hate groups...she wont.
Kinda. He's kinda disavowed. All while blaming fake news and Democrats. Oh and blaming "both sides."
There as to be love between we all.... Not hate
Shooting in Alexandria is Evil, Portland train stabbing is evil, burning Berkley was evil. Killing cops is evil. Call out these hate groups
Thank you!
Her slogan "I'm with Evil Hate ->" for 2018
You wont condemn all hate!! Stop the lies, he has numerous times. Hate is evil and must not be given sanctuary.
Its not evil to oppose Nazis & the KKK.
No but it is to be equally evil
Nazis believe their race makes them superior. Those that oppose Nazis want equal treatment for all. There is no equivalency btw the 2.
Stalin fought nazis...is he your hero?
No. Was he in Charlottesville?
One in the same. Hate groups battling out and you show your hate by siding with mob rule. You will sorely miss your constitutional rights.
When are you going to condemn the AntiFa people Senator?
Thank you, Senator.
And complicity is complicity! Every member of congress now owns the state of our country! Actions>words!
Thank you Senator for standing up for America and Americans!
Is Trump committing a "hate crime" by encouraging Nazi protesters?
You are  corporate NAZI with your protection of  big Biotech/Monsanto. Their products making us all sick slowly so no one can call themonit
This response is so wrong it's actually difficult to address.
"So what Trump said bad things, what's really regrettable is our senator calling out his bad behavior!" Puh-lease.
Only the KKK, neo-nazis, alt-right or whatever brand they are going by these days think people different from them are inferior.
Trump can't denounce them enough because he is one. It will never be enough. He has to go.
Prez Trump condemned them in both speeches. Your lies are a moral issue. Period.
There's as much hate by Antifa, Occupy, BLM and Indivisable. Wake up!
BLM "police should stop killing us"
Nazis "get rid of minorities!"
See the difference?
I can't believe I live in a nation where ppl are criticizing a senator for calling out a president that supports Nazis & the KKK.
Its to bad you had to go against the wishes of your constituents & backed a candidate who had NO chance to win. We could have avoided this.
Detroit 1968 what look like a campfire compared to what the KKK and the Neo-Nazis will do if he doesn't squash this now
#25thAmendmentNow
When are #Democrats going to disavow AnTiFa and other hate groups?
You can't even stay on topic can you? Gotta deflect.
Thank you for having morals. I appreciate you. 
Where were your comments when a BLM shot 5 Dallas police? Where were the president's? U are part of the issue. 15 more months.

Exactly what I said. He didn't condemn BLM. Look up stories over the next few days. Don't be an ostrich.
False equivalence
Debbie is full of fake news
He did that. U should be aware of your surroundings. 15 months to go and you'll be unemployed.
We KNOW what Trump thinks. Any condemnation by him is scripted by others. He must clean the WH of these bigots. See @ChrisMurphyCT
House and Senate, both Dems and Reps, should be screaming about this.
Hey Jude. He had no teleprompter when he condemned those groups for 20 years now!!!! Don't base your opinions on CNN hate pannels.
Jude and I are observing what Trump is saying right now and he's in the wrong.
Hate is Hate Senator!  Join President Trump in uniting America #MAGA
White supremacist hate is not equivalent to a group who hates/dislikes nazis and white supremacists.
President Trump did condemn the Nazis and White Supremacists.  Have you condemned the Antifa and Black Lives Matter? You should resign.
How about ISLAMIC TERRORISTS, BLM, ANTIFA.  Trump condemned all hatred. If he would have said BLM or ANTIFA you would of said he was racist.
No. Trump blamed both sides and he shouldn't have. The two sides are not equal.
Yes both sides are equal. More violence out of BLM and Natifa. They were paid to be there to disrupt by SOROS n the left. All orchestrated
No no and no.
Senator Stabenow lies to constituents for political gain. #ImpeachStabenowNow
What she said is true.
He put blame on the other that's what white racists do blame everyone else he acts exactly them blaming and bullying how presidential
Old news senator you know he has condemned it publicly yet you continue to say otherwise stop lying to Michiganders #KidRockForSenate
Did not hear group names being called out & DT refused to do so, As one may ask just why? It is because it is DT base of voters was why SMH
He's done it 3 times now but youre not listening. Nothing is good enough for the blind hatred of you and yours
'but not all of those people were neo-Nazis, believe me' 
Not really...
Talk about stirring the pot, you should be ashamed of yourself, why would you fan the flames, he called this people out by NAME yesterday
'but not all of those people were neo-Nazis, believe me'
Right, because this is what leadership sounds like.
Cherry picking quotes doesn't help your cause
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/08/15/full-text-trump-comments-white-supremacists-alt-left-transcript-241662 … Fine, read the whole thing.
But he did condemn them
He did condemn them, stop spreading lies
Haha
Trump made it clear that extremism on the left is just as reprehensible as on the right. Fascism=Fascism i.e. KKK=Antifa
false equivalency
He can't condemn a core belief; he would have to admit failure.
Correct me if I am wrong but didn't Obama support the Muslim brotherhood.
As your constituent, I thank you for speaking out against this "president's" hatred and bigotry.
He called out those exact people yesterday, is English your second language?
He did that Monday. I do agree that he should come out again and forcefully denounce these hate groups and reject their support

What section of USC has been violated? You are obviously a Lawyer pleases share your revelations.
Good Wednesday, Sen.Debbie Stabenow of MICHIGAN
You're missing some facts.
Can't enlighten someone who doesn't want to see the light
