Thank you for doing your job. Please stand firm.
And NO floor vote for Neil Gorsuch!
Thanks. Now please vote NO on Gorsuch #SCOTUSnominee; this seat belongs to Merrick Garland. Don't support McConnell thievery!
Oppose DeVos, too! You've seen firsthand how her influence and meddling has caused the decay of Michigan schools!
You oppose everything. We oppose you!!!
He does not! Stop pandering to fears you have created.  Pruitt wants clean air, environment, water but not useless regulations.
this is not true, you need to look beyond surface rumors and know the real man.
it would have been nice to have a MI legislature that did too. Shame on them. restaurant lobby meant more than our environment.
Lake Michigan should be used for transportation. Unfortunately there is no vision and goods are shipped around the Lake.
thank you for continuing to stand up for what is right!
I live in W. michigan & am proud to know my Sen's are standing up for us non-filthy rich Americans & the only planet we have!
You're a liar again. Its the EPA over reach. Where wete you on lead poisoning? Absent of course.
Thank you!
Thank you so much, Senator Stabenow!
fix your water before you look at the rest of the country
thank you.
Just how did YOU help FLINT ? @POTUS @senschumer @senateMajLdr @senFeinstein @speakerRyan
so ya gonna help address #FlintWaterCrisis too? Or you only have courage when convenient?
Odd that you support bringing jobs home when the jobs have left in the first place because of the over-regulating EPA.
Thank you - what just happened in committee - throwing out the rules is wrong.  I support your continued fight.
you dont support anything just want to show your frustrations and take out on the american people
Thank you! Please base all votes on qualifications and not party lines. VOTE NO on Pruitt, Devos, Mnuchin, Sessions, Perry
No supreme court for Neil Gorush because he is a facist
I work in the energy sector, we all want clean air/water,We are over regulated creating higher price energy with no eco Benifit
Excellent Sen. Stabenow.   FYI, I think you do a great job.
Enjoy it while you got it Stabenow...you will soon be out of a job. Stop BLOCKING Trump's cabinet!
@metrotimes I agree, and so do many others. It's the 2017 way to think. Why don't they get it?  OR, do they, but just not care?
Amen
I have enormous amout of Land in Michigan and YOU need to Vote Yes for Jeff & Pruitt      I will be watching
'nuff said.
YOU LOST! Crybaby, get over it and go vote
Clean water? WHAT did YOU do to help Flint? Answer: not a damn thing
Thank you!
I see what you mean. MI deserves more then you! @BobLeahyJr It only took @realDonaldTrump 5 days to erase 8 years of STUPID!
@MoveOn thank you ma'am!
As your constituent -- thank you. A science denier and ally of special interests must not head the EPA. #puremichigan 
@GraceMichienzi thank You!!
opposes Pruitt cause he is Trump's!  D obstruction!  Keep doing what ur told, right?
EPA NEEDS TO BE CLOSED!
THANK YOU FOR OPPOSING PRUITT!
Amen...Ohio Proud!!
Thank you Senator for not supporting
Pruit!
Michigan just got a lake elected or did it exist when Obamass was in charge?
Thank you!
@ScienceMarchMI thank you!
what about politicians that champion banks because of campaign contributions e.g. JP Morgan Chase & HAMP scams. People >banks!
Hooray Debbie!
Pruitt saying he wants to downsize the EPA by 75% (staff and budget) disqualify him from consideration.
thank you so much Debbie! Truly appreciate your support and preservation of this state!!
You don't support him because you are a PARTISAN OBSTRUCTIONIST who cares more about your party than AMERICA.
Thank You Sen. Stabenow. #MniWiconi #protectMotherEarth I appreciate you being on the side of people and the environment.
@SierraClub I called to oppose this morning and I got thru right away. Only takes a min.
@SierraClub and he also have 5pending lawsiuts against the very Dept he is going to lead. #resist #25thAmendment #WomensMarch
@SierraClub From the bottom of this okies heart, Thank you!!!
@JohnFCross and today a study comes out that 30 or 40% of US households won't be able to afford their water bill 
And I support your opposition.
please now maybe he will lift the 300 billion dollars of epa crap that the democrats put on our businesses Mich needs jobs
no what Michigan needs is it EPA administrator that won't overstep the bounds of the Constitution
thank you for screwing over the American people. .the Democrat platform cry baby protester obstructionist
we oppose because we like water and air here in Michigan.
sure because nothing says safety like a pile of paper and a bureaucrat. No thanks better ways to spend $
Thank you keep fighting for us!
.@SenStabenow Thank you Senator!
then stand up and be recognized, cast your vote.
.@SenStabenow I agree, our leaders must think beyond short term economic interests. Healthy communities and environment are more important
thanks! You're fantastic.
.@SenStabenow Actually, Michigan deserves to have the EPA abolished!
Thank you for your courageous patriotism, Senator. #StayStrong
Thank you @SenStabenow !
Thank You!
thank you!
thank you! 
vote no Pruitt
u oppose because u are a dem. Be truthful.
Thank you, Senator Stabenow!
and champions jobs for your constituents
Thank you.  Please oppose all Cabinet nominations.
in spite of Trump's propaganda ads on TV, as have been seen lately.
what exactly have you done for Michigan during your tenure? #obstructionist
I truly hope U feel that way about DHHS candidate Tom Price! He has knife in hand, to finish tearing down the Social safety net
U were ONLY thinking of the MSU Rare Isotope Beams Energy Dept grant when U voted YES to Perry. Rest of Michigan matters too!!
You people are making things too political! It's time you get over the election and act like adults. Remember paybacks are hell
Good to hear your views, Senator.  Keep our interests at the forefront!
thanks, Debbie.
thank you
are you kidding me that is one of the dumbest statements I've heard let's try doing both this isn't a contest of jobs or not
please continue to take a strong stand to protect our environment!
Thank you! Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos. We've seen her work here in Michigan and we don't need it nationwide.
Thank you for standing up to corruption, Senator.
Like they did in Flint?
thank you!! Keep going. We need your leadership and your courage.
Oh, please! That tired rhetoric didn't work to elect Hillary. Give it up! Confirm Pruitt! 25 Dem seats ripe to flip to R 2018!
2018? You think there will still be an American by then?
Go Debbie!!!!!!!
Thank you for your commitment to our environment and Michigan
Thank you senator!!!
thank you! i hope @SenateDems continue to oppose @POTUS's attempts to turn back the clock on US progress.
Thank you for protecting our great state of Michigan and our beautiful Great Lakes!
Thank you Senator!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you!! Please keep working to ensure our voices are heard!
Go get 'em!
this is why he won...we the silent majority have had enough of this kind of crap. Do ur job and support our president
thank you Senator!
Get em, Debbie. Thank you for taking a stand. Use any tools available to you to fight this and other *insane* appointments.
No on all the nominees and BLOCK the SCOTUS nomination.
Thank you for everything you are doing! Your work on our behalf is appreciated.
Thank-you! We can't have a leader of the EPA who doesn't believe in protecting the environment. It's too important.
Thank you for your courage!!!
Thank you for seeing......
Thank you!!!
Thank you!
Thank you! Now more than ever, our environment must come first! Clear energy jobs will be more stable for Michigan.
Thank you!
thank you
Thank you! Please vote no on the remaining Trump cabinet nominees!
thank you for standing up for us and protecting Pure Michigan 
@MoveOn Kinda like the Democrats championed Flint?
I love you Mrs. Stabenow! Thanks for caring about us. It's rare these days.
@MoveOn thanks you now how about NO on all the others
He is against mud puddles being designated as protected wetlands by the Obama EPA.
he is against water and air dude. Do you like water and air? Look at New Delhi in November and think, do I want that?
When has he said he is against water and air? And the EPA does come down hard on farmers with useless regulations.
useless? Which regulations are you referring to?
Things like a farmer making a small pond for watering cattle and the EPA makes it protected wetland. Also applies to irrigation
@MoveOn fight fiercely
so you got our calls about sessions and devos,  too?
@MoveOn thank you!
This is a great way to crash the markets and run the country via executive order.  DO YOUR JOB
so is trade war dummy. Great lakes make up 20% of worlds fresh water. Apply one shred of thought.
the cabinet sucks. It hurts us in everyway.
sorry, I forgot I was talking to a Republican. Did you have anything of value to contribute?
how about drafting articles of impeachment instead of playing along with this illegitimate, Treasonous regime?
Thank you Senator for standing up for clean air and water, and science based climate change policies!!
Another reason why I am proud to have voted for you! Thank you!
Trump won blue #Michigan .. Unions backing Trump... @SenStabenow very likely on her last term! Blocking Trump's cabinet.  #GOPAvalanche2018
quit crying, Goebbels.
Thank you, Senator. Stand firm!
Thank you, and thank you for your opposition to DeVos and Sessions.
Thank you.
NO to all noms. Send the message that @TheDemocrats do not work 4 Bannon. The @GOP r owned & castrated by their leader Bannon.
Thank you for standing up for Michigan's Great Lake and our Mother Earth!
thank you Debbie, keep up the great work
SCOTT PRUITT ALSO. HE WILL TAKE US BACK TO POLLUTION IN OUR RIVERS, IN THE AIR MORE SO THEN NOW, "VOTE NO"
I'm a disabled wheelchair user frm Southfield. If there's more hearings N DC re:Medicaid Insurance pls call me Chris 2487701845
& just what was you stance on the EPA spill out West???
Thanks you, Senator.
thank you, Senator!
Yes, but sadly, he is perfect for Trump's plan to destroy the public lands in search of coal and oil, starting with a gag order
Thank you from Michigan resident. How do we best help you fight for our cause?
VOTE NO ON SESSIONS & DEVOS. A NO-BRAINER DEMS..
@InSpiteOfTrump Get rid of Snyder and the Kochs and you might have a chance.
you need to get with the new program or get out of the way
this is how America works, you're not a traitor are you? Are you a Russian sympathizer?
You oppose him because your leadership tells you too!! It's not what's best for MI, you have no idea why you lost do you?
when will America  come first or are for one world government under Sharia law
personally, I'm for Sharia, idk about you, but if it clears out some of the crazy mofos, let's do it.
Amen to that. Thank you, Senator.
and takes care of our drinking water!
