Thank you!
where were you when Obama doubled our debt?This is why Trump won-we are sick of politics as usual. You only care when Dems lose
first of all Bush tax cuts reduced tax receipts and the 1st years budget also attributed to Bush.
Bush added 4.9 Trillion to the debt Obama added 9 Trillion-he's the big winner giving us more debt than all POTUS
or would he's the biggest Loser be more appropriate. Google what then Senator Obama said about the debt. Two faced
There's just no reasoning with stupid smh
hah! Definitely not talking about me, I got out of Detroit which makes me very smart.
Pot calling the kettle LOL
like many others have said, keep fighting! Many, many, many of us support you. Let us know how to help you!
- Glad the obstruction party failed again.
Steve Mnuchin can't do any worse for the people of MI than you have as our Senator.
Kid Rock to oppose you in next election is crazy. He is a burned out, drugged out, wild man. Will fight to keep you in office!
How about you sit down and shut it.  Sick of your grandstanding for no reason.  YOU are not good for Michigan.
Thank God your vote won't matter.
What? You only show up to profess oppositions! Be American for a change!
Thank you  standing up 2 & objecting 2 normalizing GOP endorsed war on those of modest means. He LIED about robosigning. Unfit!
Thank you!
deb you are headed for defeat and u r 2 foolish to c it. U better get bipartisan real quick or we will VOTE U OUT
What have you done to help Michigan? Stop being part of the problem and do what your state wants! We voted for #Trump remember?
unfortunately and soon sorrowfully Michigan will regret voting in 45. Just as most of us are abou Snyder! #WhataBaffoon
Right, unlike the rest of the politicians.
i see you have something's in common!
I would say the same about you. Career politician profiting off of taxpayers and haven't helped Michigan.
Thank you for putting your constituents first!
keep up the great work Senator, don't let them take advantage of us.
thank you!
Thank you for listening to our calls and standing up.
proud of you. You are making my work #ResistTrump so much easier #Indivisible
thankyou
You oppose everything Trump does. Grow up and show some unity. You are supposed to be a leader!!
Aren't you making a career off working class people?
thank you Senator Stabenow. Nice to know someone is doing there job.
thank you, Senator!
who haven't you opposed? Elections have consequences and your candidate lost! Your party is out of ideas
Thank you!
and you continue partisanship. You need to retire
It's Time FOR AMERICAN'S TO TELL YOU ALL! It's ABOUT USA! Not how much money you want from Us ! We WON! Learn How it happen
Thank you for opposing him!
Go get em Senator!
When is Rick Perry going to visit @michiganstateu with you to see the grant MSU has from Energy Dept? Only reason U voted 4 him
so have you were paying you good money and not getting much in return term limits now you really need to get to work for us
you're ridiculous. Kindly resign.
@Barbara81851353 thank you
continue to oppose all these awful nominees please
go get them Deb
Thanks Senator!
thank you for speaking for the voiceless
where are the moderate GOPs? Dead? Comatose? This is unacceptable.
Please push for investigation into Russian ties, conflicts of interest, security risks in WH.
An attorney, Ted Frank, followed up on the story about 90 yr woman having her home foreclosed for 27 cents. FYI Deb -FAKE NEWS!
thank you!!!
THANK YOU!!
My father & husband & lots more lost pensions where were you? Phony outrage is a joke. You're a Liar, not trustworthy to Mi ppl
thank you for supporting the people of Michigan.
thank you for standing strong against these awful nominations
I think it's time for you to step aside and let the new adm. get to work.  #MAGA 
making a career profiting off working people would be business owners and politicians.  One of them earns it...
thank you! Keep fighting! #resist #ShePersisted
go get 'em!
yay! And don't forget about Trump's Russian connections! Love you Senator!
sure you are, with no thought of what your constituents want.
- TY for standing up to the nominees who do not have intentions of serving average Americans!
Obama was in office for 8 years - why weren't pensions your concern then. Trump inherited this mess. He will clean it up.
Thank you!
good luck

Is there anyone you actually support? Getting tired of voting for reps that block progress. You've lost my vote go forward!
Thank you, Senator Stabenow!
thanks for what
Go Debbie!
Thank you!
Do your best Senator! We appreciate your work.
PERSIST
Thank you, Senator Stabenow!
