Given the terrible water crisis, this is not something #Flint families should have to worry about
This is yet another reason why this bill is bad for Michigan families and why I’m working to defeat it.
How about working to fix it or make it better? So tired of the negativity. Always working against and never with.  #TermLimits
I think she would love to do that, but being in the minority party does not allow.  How are you fixed for healthcare if this passes?
Minority party can't work with the majority? That divide and attitude will be the demise of our nation. They may as well stay home.
When majority is bent on medical bankruptcy for the people, what is there to work for?
I would work toward improvement and compromise and solutions. But that's me and I'm just a deplorable conservative. #MAGA
13 Republican Senators "invited" to work this out.  0 Dems, 0 women, 0 POC.  There was no intention of a bipartisan coop in this.
@decole03 ,@thehill this new bill for healthcare is a sh%t sandwich full of GOP, crap.Sirs and Madame of the GOP, Have you no decency?
We pay 4 Congress ldr's health plan and salary, but yet they feel they have the right to give us less? Are we now considered "house slaves"?
How does it  affectWIC?  You sure you know what you are talking about? Has some minion  typed some well meaning tripe without ur knowledge ?
WIC is not a Federal program. It is run by the State.
So what your saying is that there will be no affect....  which is precisely my point. This is a fear mongering position.
That's their plan in a nutshell. HOW in God's name do they reconcile that with their supposed concern for fetuses and the 10 Commandments?
"Could"? Please explain how.
My prayers go out to all if you in Michigan, and you shouldn't have to deal with the bull of repealing ACA, when it only needed tweaking!
Have they no decency?
You are such a liar! Every major insurance company has deserted the failed Obamacare. It was not sustainable and you know it. #Lena4Senate
Why do i have to buy Ins.
   I have to move to Flint ???
Your getting free also ,,,yes 
  Only because your sucking off
Tax payers.  Its sad
And those who can afford it will face life time caps. Again. #WealthCareBill
Please sit down and work with republicans to make it better. We all need to work together.  Best wishes to you
Really too bad 0bama didn't hold back some of that Iran  for Flint. You needn't worry though Debbie. After 2018 you won't be around to care
It was for-profit insurance companies that restructured their plans so they can make more $$$. #ACA didn't dictate that.
If they have Medicaid they're more than covered in the future they'll be jobs affordable choices and not you hahaha
Wait. Now we hear from you? I'm sorry but you seemed rather silent about it before. I hope I'm wrong.
Please do something! This is in sane man is destroying America!
No water, no insurance, no good.
can anybody tell me if this bill takes congress off the exchanges and puts them back into FEHB??
Your voting no. GREAT. Someone who gets it
OK? This is what Michigan voted for. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Hey, remember that line, what do you got to lose?
Haven't they done enough harm to these people, it just keeps getting worse. #cleandrinkingwater #SaveACA
And water
I grew up in Michigan! The Republicans don't care! It's all about the money and lining their pockets
And many military families and families period with medically challenged kids on Medicaid Waiver ... this is unconscionable
Look. Offer up a solution or shut up!
thanks for fighting for us. Please keep it up!
Keep fighting for us Senator we need you!!
You can always count on GOP to create the problem then kick you when down, suffering from their inhumane actions.
Thank you for fighting against #Trumpcare , Stabenow!   We must move to single payer.
Oh stop!!!
Keep pushing Debbie! We're counting on you. Would like to see and hear from you more.
How about you do something productive?
 defeat this bill @SenStabenow . The people of Flint and the State has had enough of Washington.  Stand up for us. 
Signed
A state worker
Capitalism is on drugs now mam.
HAHA this is all the dems haveyour a
Black skin & blue collars =the perfect GOP targets.
#TrumpCare is a misnomer.  It should be called #TrumpDoesNotCare,
Is there anything you can do to keep this disaster from passing?
Leaving people like @SenStabenow in charge of your state or any other #Demoraps will send your state down the tube. Look at Detroit!
So its also a #FuckFlintMichigan bill.  GOP needs a leash before they attack us all with insane laws.
BS, flint has been run by democrats for decades .Blame yourself !
Is Flint specifically called out in the bill?
Why do Republicans hate Flint so much? First, they poison the drinking water, then refuse to pay to fix the problem, and now this?!?!
Really? She was in office while it happened. Funny how ppl forget smh - anyone in office during flint crises, no matter which party must go
Thank you Debbie Stabenow. Fight for us! We appreciate you. Please filibuster!!!
Thank you for fighting for us!
Send all medical bills to.
Atten; D J Trump
1600 Pennsylvania ave 
Washington DC 37188
do I still need to call your office?Will it make a difference?
Thank you for fighting for us!!@MiBreastCancer
Effects of drinking poison water will be deemed pre existing condition or a new case will cap out. #GOPTRAITORS #Wealthcare veiled #eugenics
Don't expect specious humans to ,your colleagues to care
You mean American taxpayers insuring by  paying the bill!
Thank you this isn't about healthcare it's about giving the 1% a tax cut using healthcare/Medicaid money
What are you doing about GM dumping unfiltered toxic waste into #flint sanitary sewer systems & cross contaminating water for over 20 years?
It just keeps getting better. We need to stop making moral argument since GOP lacks morality. Sell health care= competitive workforce.
Maybe we should just leave the government out of healthcare.
Priceless The Senator who helped Monsanto written DarkAct wants to talk about healthcare.
GOP Governor Responsible Poisoning
Families of Flint. Unconscionable.
#FLINT #LEAD
Clean Air and Water Essential.
American Families Have 
The RIGHT to CLEAN AIR and WATER
Just Flint @SenStabenow
Buried in the #Trumpcare bill is yet another blow to Michigan: it could leave thousands of children & pregnant moms in #Flint w/o insurance.
Politics, anyone?  In flint only?
Defeat #Trumpcare, then work for #singlepayer. #MedicareForAll #NHSforUSA.
Thank you for fighting for us, Senator. Keep resisting...
HMOs have never been about care. Profiting off of illness & families bankrupt from life saving Tx.
Trump is showing us the swamp-big time!
What happens to the kids of Flint affected by lead poisoning of water supply after Medicaid cuts by GOP what happens to them their families
Yeah Those poor people haven't been screwed enough . TRULY dis graceful
Living in Flint it seems you have forgotten us, but ring that bell when needed right! Water still bad but where are u??
Ok, what is it that is buried that will hurt Michiganders?
Keep fighting! With the gloves off! Thank you!
You mean like Ofailurecare. Hypocrite
I am so thankful that you are working through the August recess to help develop a fantastic HC program for the American people.  Yes?
Thank you for all you do, Senator. (Pay attention to the gratitude-givers & disregard the heartless grinches in the replies).
Protecting the most vulnerable and the health of your state and your nation is awesome duty an beyond party loyalty. Please vote no.
Please fight this with everything you can. Work across the aisle to get those no votes! Heath Bill is NOT good for America!
Keep fighting Senator Stabenow!
Didn't Mich vote for Trump?  Isn't this what Mich voted for??
People voted for some things, not all nor a bill written last week in the dark. Half the people did vote for any of this Trump horror show.
That's the problem.  U elect the whole candidate not just the parts u like.  Sadly I hope people learn voting has consequences
just let Obamacare implode, then keep out of our insurance. its cost a fortune. no coverage. huge deductibles. OBAMA CARE IS SHAMEFUL
Give the GOP hell senator because they are giving us death.
Thank you Senator.  We need to move toward the future, not the past.
Obama care was just a medicaid expansion took from others and gave it to others for free or almost free
I think they need to just let Obama care fail. And it's failing, because you libs need a bail out for it.
Ur worried about #flint now?  #snowflake
Only in Flint? Why are you claiming that? Oh, because Flint is a talking point.
No, healthcare is extended to cover pregnant women & kids who were exposed to LEAD, but don't qualify for medicaid. Read something. Damn.
I'm aware.  Are people only exposed to lead in Flint? Buy insurance rather than ask the government to provide for you.
And lead to thousands of additional births to poor moms because of loss of contraception services. See p. 33.
Obamacare left me without ins.  I liked my plan... turns out I didn't get to keep it.  Now I pay 4 times more per month for a WORSE plan.
#deathcare is more accurate.
Keep fighting the good fight on this horrific health care/tax cut bill which will harm children, the disabled, and the elderly.
By their own choice since the government mandate is eliminated not because any denied them coverage
Keep working for Michigan and the rest pls and ty
Lmao
The control of health care/health insurance by the government, expanded by the ACA, isn't something they should have to worry about
