I'm deeply disappointed you didn't follow 100 years of protocol and vote to end the filibuster. You are an embarrassment to Michigan.
Standing against fascism is never an embarrassment. Thanks Sen Stabenow.
Do you understand what fascism is? A filibuster is prime roast fascism.
I guess you never saw Mr. Smith Goes to Washington. It's prime rib American democracy, son.
Which makes it no less shouting down the opposing point of view does it? I repeat, do you know what fascism is?

Tell me who shows up at rally's and violently tries to suppress free speech. Tell me who used the gov to spy on and suppress opposition
What is Milo Yiannopolis' Black Bloq for 100, Alex?
Thank you for speaking out.
You stood for me as always Senator. Thank you for your dedication. Amazing how rules can just be changed to suit their agenda. Not my will.
So it was OK for the Democrats to do this but its bad when the Republicans do it. Is this the BULLSHIT you are shoveling.????????
People are really getting sick and tired of the left disruptions, including yours.  Support your President! Stop crying. There's work to do!
You are at fault. We all know Gorsuch is highly qualified. You don't get to negotiate who you want. It is the President 's decision.
If it is the President's decision then Garland should have been appointed a year ago.
. They should have voted but dems were overconfident that they could thow the election via ABC NBC CNN
You IGNORED us, Deb
POLL: Should your Senators vote FOR or AGAINST Judge Neil #Gorsuch to be on the Supreme Court? #SCOTUS
Hahaha! Citing an online poll as the will of the people? Funny! Michigan thinks Gorsuch = unqualified plagiarist. Thanks Sen. Stabenow.
Thank you Senator for your leadership and courage to stand up for what is right.
They will pay 2018
Thank you for your hard work in a crazy time & place.
WE'RE DISAPPOINTED YOUR STILL IN THE SENATE!!
Rules change just flat wrong. Thank you for speaking against Gorsuch nom!
R's didn't change anything #DingyHarryReid changed it in '13  Get U R facts rights
  http://ln.is/wnd.com/VaDg5  via @po_st  #MAGA
Were you equally disappointed when Harry Reid changed the rules in 2013?
Thank you for all that you do for MI! Thank you for voting NO on Gorsuch #StolenSeat
. Thank Harry Reid
Thank you for all you do. This one was unwinnable and you did the best you could.
You mean a liberal activist nominee
Thank you for your effort to get a more moderate candidate. It's a hard battle you are fighting. We are behind you!
Goes to show they want a constution and laws customized to their views instead of what's best for country! Thanks for standing up for us D!
So short sighted. R's wouldn't even have a hearing for Garland last year. R's are always party over people.
Which seat and which year?  There is no "Biden Rule" During his tenure, every nominee got a committee hearing. Your statement is FALSE
Bad day for women blue collars minorities and hard working people.  Kochs win again!!!
Unions and Liberal donors far out spend Kochs. Not sure they backed anyone for President this time.
. Koch bros backed Jeb not Trump
That's OK there is an election coming up, Soon nobody will have to smell the Bullshit you are shoveling.
We're you "deeply disappointed" when Mr. Reid did it as well?
I'm so disappointed that this happened.
As am I, Debbie.  It was an uphill climb to prevent one more injustice led by the Republican majority.  it's a shame a few GOP didn't help.
Thank you for trying to defend equal rights by not supporting a SC nominee who is out of the mainstream.
HE IS RIGHT FOR MICHIGAN.  DID YOU EVEN BOTHER TO VOTE?
Thank you @SenStabenow for all the work you do to help make Michigan great. I'm disappointed, too.
Thank you Harry Reid. The Democratic Party chose to play the game and it backfired. Congrats Neil Gorsuch.
Thank you, Senator, for trying to protect the Senate.
I agree.
Start looking for a job - you'll be voted out in 2018 #failToVote4SCOTUS
We're disappointed too. Waiting for mid-terms to clean house. I hope!
Thank you for making me feel there is someone in DC who will stand up for what is right!
You're assuming all Michiganders are Democrats. Trump won Michigan. That's telling. Now we need 2 conservative senators!
Thank you for standing up to the repubs. It was a lose-lose situation.I hope they live to regret this decision when the Dems regain control.
Thank you @SenStabenow for taking a stand for what is ethical and right.
Mr Gorsuch is the right choice for Michigan!!!
Thank yhou for standing up for the people!
Thank you for standing up for the right thing. Changing the rules is like a child changing rules during a playground game, so they can win.
Thank you for standing up for the middle class and the oppressed. The removal of the filibuster is a sad move towards authoritarianism.
Stabenow wants more SCOTUS justices to make law instead of following the constitution.
Me too Debbie, me too.
, thank you for standing up for our country by opposing Gorsuch and his extremism.   Repubs shld be ashamed of going nuclear.
You would never vote for anything or anyone Trump recommends... Bad..
So glad you are standing up for true democratic values.
Justice Gorsuch is absolutely qualified which is why he was unanimously confirmed to the 10th circuit in 2006.
Gorsuch is qualified. No matter who Trump nom. this would have been the response. Thankfully some of us see thru this and you. 2018s coming!
Thank you
Thank you, Senator, for applying wisdom and reason to this topic.
We your constituents are disappointed in your vote against Gorsuch.
Memories, pressed between the pages of my mind.  Memories, sweetened through the ages just like wine. 
They played the same game D's did few years ago. But we all have short memory, don't we?
HE is right for MI maybe you didn't hear us.Get your head out of your beep.
Thank you for your position Senator. We all know this was Obama's seat to place. If anyone changed the rules it was the GOP in '16.
Thank for standing up for us.
Thanks so much, Senator Stabenow, for representing us and for standing up for what's right. #NoGorsuch #NoNuclearOption
Thank you for standing up against #gorsuch. The people of MI appreciate your efforts. #NuclearOption
Thanks for standing up! Gorsuch is and always will be a #StolenSeat
Thank you for all you do for us. You are absolutely correct.
Thank you @SenStabenow for standing up for We The People! @indivisibleLAN
They are children, the game isn't going their way, they change the rules! #nogorsuch #NoNuclearOption #resist
Agreed.  Thank you for standing up for what is right and opposing this move by Republicans.
thanks for taking a stand! I support you and stand with you!
Agree. Gorsuch is a corporatist. He sided against a Michigander and autistic children
That judicial temperament does not belong on the SC.
so happy that you continue to do what is right for your constituents, thank you!
Thank you for taking this stand against the blatant abuse of power.  If the filibuster was so important, why didn't the GOP honor it?
How disappointed were you by Reid?
Thank you for standing strong!!  It is unfortunate that the R's are teaching kids that winning is more important than following the rules!
Thank you Senator Stabenow for standing up for justice.
Thank you for standing for fairness
Thanks @SenStabenow for being on right side of history. Many reasons not to support Gorsuch. My top 2: stolen seat, Roe v Wade. #Indivisible
Thank you Debbie, it's disappointing but it is what it is. Doing the right thing still matters in the long run.
Thank you Debbie. Keep fighting the fight. Goodness will prevail.
Keep standing up for democracy! We support you!
Thank you for standing up for the American people Senator. I'm with you!
Senator Stabenow, thank you for your tireless efforts advocating for progressive values. I am proud that you're our Senator. 
MI went red in November and if you want to do what is right for Michigan you'll work with @POTUS instead of being a puppet for @SenSchumer
I am in full support of you @SenStabenow
Bork off!
No quit whining and change your vote. You are being hateful and vindictive, get over It!
I am horrified that the Senate Rs have done this.  Good for you standing up against them.
I'm deeply disappointed with your stubbornness and failure to work with @POTUS
Thank you for fighting on our behalf! We appreciate you. Enjoy ur Easter & recharge.  #resist
Proud you are my Senator! Gorsuch is a bum deal! Thanks for standing up for Americans. No far right wingers on the Supreme Court!
Thank you for representing #WeThePeople
Your problem.  I'm disgusted that you are all such hypocrites.
thank you so much for standing up for what's right!  You have my admiration and respect!  Keep up the good work!
Keep fighting Senator.  We've got your back and we're ready to work hard for you! #StabenowForSenate!!!! #Stabenow2018 #Debbie2018
I agree with you it is very troubling. Thank you for giving voice to the opposition. The Supreme Court is too important to rush.
Thank you for taking a stand Sen. Stabenow. We all know that seat should have been Garland's. The GOP will regret today's decision in 2018.
I agree Senator! This is ridiculous and damaging to #democracy
thank you for all that you do! For those saying it's the presidents decision, it was Obama's pick. You stole it.
It's apparent that it's not the best interest of our country they have in mind, like it was apparent when Obama nominated Garland.
Thank you for standing up for balance in the judiciary and for all you do for MI. We need to remain strong under this extreme regime.
Thank you for voting NO. You have so much support! You are fighting to save America against these racist zealots!
We're you deeply disappointed when your party changed the Senate rules with Harry R?  You should be ashamed for taking part in changing gov.
Thank you for your stand against Gorsuch.  I am proud of you and Sen. Peters.
"...never doubt that you are valuable and powerful & deserving of every chance & opportunity..." Don't stop speaking up.
Thank you Senator! Lifetime appointments should not even be considered while this administration. Is under FBI investigation.
Thank you for standing up for what is right on the Senate vote today.
Thank you for your good work.
Proud of independent thought.
Thank you For standing up for your constituents Debbie. Keep fighting, we're in your corner.
Agreed! Thank you for calling out this injustice.
Thank you, Senator Stabenow.  Appreciate the work you do for all Michiganders.
I'm proud of your votes and that you are my  senator.   I will be donating to you in the future.
Senator Stabenow keep it up. You are terrific and heroic for fighting the good fight.
Thank you for standing up for this!
Thank you Debbie for all the work you do for the American People. So glad you're our Senator. Shame on the Repugnicans!
This was a sad day Sen Stabenow!  Unbelievable!  Thanks for fighting the good fight. Appreciate all you do and stand for!  Thanks!
Thank you taking a stand against Gorsuch. He is not mainstream and does not deserve this very important position.
I'm proud you are my #Senator. Keep fighting the good fight! #revolution #resist
Thank you so much for fighting for us little folks Sen. Stabenow.
Thanks for your life of service, and for standing firm against Gorsuch!
The PEOPLE will remember who stands for them, and the ones who did not. Thank you, for hearing your constituents and for your service
Thank you for listening to your constituents and the American ppl.
Agreed. Keep fighting the good fight, @SenStabenow. We support democracy and we support you!
Thank you for standing with Michigan!
Thank you Senator Stabenow!
Thank you for taking a stand! Thank you for being MI Senator! The Republicans will pay for this in 2018!
Repubs/hypocrites for denying Merrick Garland a hearing. Karma's a bitch. Gorsuch will always have a black mark.
Thank you @SenStabenow for standing up for the people you represent!
Hang tough! It's gonna take some work to undo all the bad this baby administration has done, but in time we will overturn. Love Wins!
Thanks for representing us. We have your back as you keep fighting for us!
Stay strong @SenStabenow we need you! We are deeply disappointed in everything the republicans are doing.
THERE IS NO NOMINEE THAT IS BETTER for Michigan than Neil Gorsuch, for Associate Justice of the US Supreme Court. Deep down, you know this.
Thank you for standing up for what is right time and time again!
Thank you Senator for standing up against a SCOTUS candidate that favors corporations and money over the American people
Were you deeply disappointed when Dirty Harry started it, the Dems would not have voted for God. Oh, most Libs don't believe in God.
Um...wash your hands after pulling made up information out of your butt, dear, you'll give someone an infection
Your party changed it from simple majority when clinton was in office they only changed it back to what it used to be. Retire
keep up the good, important work! MI stands behind you. Thank you!
Thank you for standing strong
Thank you for taking a stand today for the little guy rather than the big corporation.  The Republicans are so hypocritical.
What do we do next, Senator????? This is utterly unbelievable.
Deplorable! The GOP didn't even give Garland a proper hearing, just because Obama nominated him. The GOP does not care about Bipartisanship!
we are all disappointed in the direction of this administration as a whole. Keep standing your ground 
Thank you Senator! I appreciate your no vote on Gorsuch.
Trumps pick is the best choice for Michigan Debbie, Resign while you are ahead!
You are really showing your true colors!
This seat was stolen. How quickly R's forget. It should have been Merrick Garland.
Thank you Senator for standing strong along with Dem. Senators. You did good!!! The #Resistance is with you all. #Indivisible
Get used to being disappointed!
Thank you for standing up for what is right.
Thanks for your vote. Gorsuch believes it's ok to discriminate against women, denying essential health care. DJT+NG are anti-women.
Thank you for doing what you could. Less than 2 years left before we change the game. #vote2018
So proud that you stood up to block the appointment of a nominee to the Supreme Court who clearly is unfit for this position!
thank you for fighting for us!
We are, too.  But thank YOU and @SenatorPeters
Thanks for trying
Thank you for standing up for Michigan; it is a shame Gorsuch was confirmed.  I appreciate you!
Thank you for all you do! We are behind you and know you are working hard to fight for what us right!
Hang in there, Senator Stabenow.  We love you!
The Resistance isn't giving up yet! Just like ACA, keep calling & faxing all senators, let them know NO right wing judge, to vote NO #RESIST
Thank you for standing up for what's right Senator!  This will come back to bite the Republicans right where they deserve it!
Stand strong Senator Stabenow!
I love your commitment to democracy!
Thank You Senator for al you do. This is a tough & unprecedented political climate
Thank you for listening to your constituents. We appreciate everything you do.
Thank you for standing up against this candidate and please keep fighting the good fight!
That's what dark money buys you.  Money needs to get out of our politics
Me too. Thank you for doing the right thing! Proud you're my Senator.
Thank you Senator Stabenow.  This was Pres Obama's seat to appoint, we're tired of the whining from the R's.  Keep fighting for us!
Keep up the good work for us @SenStabenow
thank you for trying. thank you for standing up for us. Michigan needs you to keep fighting for us!
Thanks for fighting!
thank you for fighting for us. This shall be known as the day SCOTUS died.
Thank you for standing up for real people NOT corporations!  Gorsuch seems to hate middle and low income people and especially women!
Thank you Senator for standing up for us.  Gorsuch - while qualified is too far right for a lifetime position.
Proud of my senator! Fighting for what is right!
Thank you for your courage, Sen. Stabenow. We have to stand together to fight the alt-right agenda.
Thank you for being on the correct side of history @senstabenow !
Senator Stabenow, I know you to be a woman of strong convictions. I support you completely.
Thanks for your hard work! You always try to do the right thing! You've got my trust!
thank you! Looks like the #DonTheCon will be gone in under a year, why should he get to pick a justice?
thank you for listening to your constituents unlike others in Michigan!
Harry Reid (D) changed the rules.  Gotcha. 
Not on SCOTUS nominations he didn't. That's on your party.
Makes me sick, I'm with you!
Thank you for taking a stand
with you Deb!  Michigan deserves a better SCOTUS nominee!
Thank you for standing up for people and not just corporations. Gorsuch is good for corporations but deadly for people.
