You, schummer and the like should be arrested and tried for encouraging riots.. if you don't agree vote against it.
19 radical Islamic terrorists changed lives of Americans 4 ever. Every voice is important. Protect our borders, enforce the law
Way to peacefully protest everything!!!!
STOP SESSIONS, STOP DEVOS, STOP EXXON 4 sos, STOP TRUMP Mi ganders have your back
enforce immigration laws, we have to have all documents in order to go to another country, why not the US?
Somehow more important that the majority that favor this EO to protect the American people.
Now the union teachers are at work in our children's classrooms, doing jobs the taxpayers pay them to do.
Thank you for looking out for the people of Michigan!
Refuse Senate procedure until the ban is lifted. #ShutItDown #resist
For what?? Hysteria perpetrated by fake news...
so biased, your constituents expect you to look at both sides #KeepAmericaSafe
You owe us strength and leadership - use ur power wisely.  No on all nominations.  #StopPresidentBannon #NoBanNoWall
Get over being a sore loser and get to work like @POTUS is!
Why did you vote YES on Rick Perry????
#withholdconsent stop Trump ....slow his agenda. .. #liftthemuslimban
need to get on with getting the government working.  Confirmation of the cabinet must be completed as soon as possible.
vote no on all nominees and vocally oppose Bannon appointment to NSC
thank you for speaking out against this ban on muslims.
thank you but we need you to fight on the inside. Vote NO!
you do realize that Obama did the same thing to Iraq for 6 months in 2011.  What was your reaction at that time?
thank you for protecting the dream that is America
Thank you. Please vote No for all his cabinet picks, especially DeVos. We saw what she did to Michigan children. Not qualified!
Thank you for your hard work!
I hope we hear from you Dems on the airways and media..we need to know you are all out there for us vote2018
This ! Well stated!
is my voice important? Or do you only represent your political party?
I'm glad it's making a difference.  Michigan democrats are behind you!  Stay strong!  Don't back down.
And PRESIDENT TRUMP carried Michigan
you spoke on this issue. Obama ban result of 2 bombers in KY, so 6 month ban warranted. Barring Syrians indefinitely? Not same
And what have you done for michigan? You and hussein obama turned it RED

why is your voice mail full x 3 days. You need to hear us. Stop Pres Bannon.
vote no on every nominee and DO NOT let his SC nominee through!!
thanks for your support, Senator! Please support us in return by voting NO on ALL trump's nominees.
did you show up?
you must stand against DeVos Sessions Tillerson Price and Pruitt. #WeVote2018
thank you for my black, Muslim & recent immigrant family. As with Anne Frank, you are THE America on the right side of history
if your party actually cared, we wouldn't be in this mess
you are awesome and have been for years. I love my current senator @SenJohnMcCain but you still keep me in the loop
Thank you!  #NoBanNoWall #MuslimBan
THANK YOU FOR YOUR VOICE AND SUPPORT! PROUD YOUR ARE MI SENATOR!!
@Heinzilla thank you Senator Stabenow for fighting for our democracy!
thank you
. Start being a patriot. You have a duty to this country. I guess you forget.
But what are you doing? I'm happy that you can hear, but what will you do?
Thank you for supporting strong, principled protest.
Thank you for being a voice of reason right now. We are terrified! Please continue to stand w/ us as we #resist.
What terrifies you?  What are you resisting?
http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-09-23/germany-a-culture-in-crisis/7868786 …   your comrades may want to read this
Thank you!  Please continue the good fight.
And it is time that you follow the law. The constitution!!
It's time that you tell the truth to the voters.
If my voice is important then listen to me say that I strongly oppose your position!
now vote no on every one of his nominees.
the protests you are helping to instigate are detrimental to us citizens n based on falsehoods and/or ignorance
you need take charge and spearhead an effort to get this tyrant out of power before he kills us all.
Thank you for fighting. 
Senator Stabusintheback, America first, you should try it sometime, Theres no RIGHT to come here, it is a PRIVILEGE,
Thank you! Please fight for us and our voices!
Thank you for fighting alongside your constituents. #fightthegoodfight
Thank you, Senator.
clearly you then think mine is not ?  law and order. law and order.
thank you. Please continue to fight
thanks for all you're fighting for!  You are appreciated!
Thank you, Senator Stabenow. I've tried to contact Rep Moolenarr several times this weekend. No response. He can't think this is OK, can he?
thank you for taking a stand. I hope other MI lawmakers follow your lead
Thank YOU Senator.  Fight the good fight.
Thank you for staying in touch with us. Keep it up:-)
thank you for all you do Debbie

