
Why would a MI Senator give a rat's ass what a racist from another state thinks.
Brilliant response you have no argument so lets label folks. 
My argument is: a MI Senator doesn't give a damn what you think. No other argument needed.
Did you ask her? If no other arugment is needed why did you try and label people? Seems small minded.
Are you 12, you don't grasp politics. A State Senator does what their constituents (voters) want, not what an out if stater wants.
If I was 12 I  would likely be name calling.
It's not Ocare, it's the Affordable Care Act. And Senator Srabenow -
 Democrat Senators, are doing what is humane, and what Democrats want.
I don't care what a Trump supporter thinks, sorry you wasted time.
Thank you! Thank you for fighting for us, in this seemingly thankless job.
Thank you Senator Stabenow. Keep up the fight.
Nice job Debbie, keep up the great work.
@SenStabenow Please see how cancer patients and those disabled are treated by @GOP   Please help us
Saw this guy mocking a woman who had cancer & relies on protections under the ACA for healthcare. 

Started filming. He stormed off. 
Please continue to fight hard ....#TrumpCare will hurt millions of our most vulnerable citizens....
Why not you senators vote to have the same health care as the rest of us citizens then fix health care would be eazy then
That's an excellent idea, Dale! That would give congress a new perspective!
You need to speak to the drug dealers and tell them to stay out of West Virginia. You can start there..
Even more disturbing that you set us up with a collapsing Obamacare and don't have any plan to fix it. Single payer with baby death panel?
Thank you Senator!
It is deeply disturbing that you have your elite plan and everyone else has the failing Obamacare!!
It's hard for me to take a megaphone speech seriously 
You're party owns the failed ACA. You're party had opportunity to "tweak" or "improve". It's all yours! You're on the wrong side! Again!
Thank you for all your hard work for Michigan
Thank you for truly representing your constituents!
Free market healthcare will create jobs, lowers cost, and provides innovative ideas that our government will never ever provide.
Yes! Government funded programs drive costs up - which we pay for in taxes and again in premiums. Free markets drive costs down!
Don't exclude yourself and suffer the same health care as the rest of us. You are just a hypocrite.
Because ACA is awful. It hurts MI workers. If you're for MI workers, then vote to repeal it!
Omg , I can tell by the comments that Putin loves Kid Rock. All the negative ones are from newbie no information accounts. Fight on Senator!
Says irma king FROM KENTUCKY
Repeal it and vote her out!
Thank you, Senator! Keep up the fight!
Whats disturbing Senator is the fact that you support fining people who cannot afford exploding health insurance premiums. #RepealObamacare
Unbelievable....  #stopstabenow #replacedebbie
Thank you @SenStabenow! As a pediatrician who cares for Michigan kids, I know how important it is to #KeepKidsCovered.
REPEAL OBAMACARE! If you don't I will lose my home of 20 years!
I can't even take the kid rock commentary seriously... I just laugh & laugh!  Oh man, it's good to laugh like that, thanks!
are you covered under obamacare??? what is good for us is good for you--right???
ACA is FAILING and you have NO solution other than to B*tch about someone else's proposal.  Sit down, shut it and grow up.
Truth is even on a repeal...citizens under ACA have 18 months with increase benefits. THEN the house and Senate can replace this .#gotowork
You don't speak on behalf of us you're not listening to us you're not going to be reelected
Thank you for standing up for us, Senator!!!
Thank you for your diligence!!!
Please keep fighting--loudly.
You're simply a disgrace & I will NO LONGER vote for you! You represent ALL constituents of Michigan! You're not listening!
Exactly, not just you. And you never voted for her in the first place, Republican Liar.
Thank you so much for fighting for us this week!
Good old fashion podium getting the word out. Bravo Ms. Stabenow. Thank you for your no vote. God Bless you.
It s disturbing that you all passed Obamacare- O care is not healthcare it is income redistribution
So you continue to support the mandatory purchase, declining choices and rising costs of O'care? You don't believe that is hurting us here?
Thank you for fighting for the people of Michigan.
And you think Obamacare was that great Kid Rock for senator
Thank you @SenStabenow for fighting! Medicaid & pre-existing condition protection are critical for #Alzheimers families.
And #MultipleSclerosis families
Thank you for your service Senator!
This bill must be stopped. No #Medicaid  cuts for the #disabled. @SenCapito @SenatorCollins @senrobportman @SenDeanHeller @lisamurkowski
Give us the same health care you have
Our MI Senators did nothing for 7 years to fix broken OC. Now they are "Fighting Hard" to keep it from being fixed. Time for new Senators!
this is the end for you Debbie. Retire or be voted out .
Thank you so much. As one who has benefited from proper healthcare THANK YOU!!!!
Stay strong
To bad Debbie that you gave up on the people of Michigan I raised my Kids on excellent health care they deserve the same for their kids#MAGA
We used to have excellent health care coverage Please Debbie work with Congress to get it right again for the hard working Families of MI
Your wrong Debbie. The fight is over. Start trying to do something positive for a change
Would you vote for single payer system?
Thank you, Debbie 
Please vote to repeal and replace Obamacare
@SenStabenow Senator Stabenow, I just want to clarify. Does the vote tomorrow to Repeal have 60 vote threshold, or is it simple majority?
Liar!!! Say good bye Debbie - we are voting you out! We cant afford ACA - you took our healthcare away & we are taking it back!
This is mental cruelty to us 'S who don't know day to day if we will have medical coverage.It is a sin what they are doing to us. Vote2018
In Michigan--why didn't she say anything about we who lost our HC because of Obamacare? Have to get her out! Won't admit OC is a disaster!
Thank You Senator, please keep fighting for us
Thank you for being against Trumpcare and the repeal!
Thank you @SenStabenow!
Have you signed up for Obamacare, yourself?  If not, you should drop your health care immediately and sign up. You voted for it, you own it!

End the #OCareNightmare tomorrow!
thank you senator
At least they are doing their job
Maybe you should "fight" for something more substantial...like the $20 Trillion in Gov't debt!  HC, or anything else, will ALL collapse soon
When do we see our monthly premiums go down from 1200/month & deductible go down from $6000/yr?
wmgpromotions is a bot.
@SenateDems show them this video from an MD
Episode 6: "You Have The Right To A Lawyer, But Not To A Doctor." https://youtu.be/8LFS-_nJsnQ  via @YouTube Share w friends in KY, GA,FL,TX,MO!!
RepealObamacare and Resign DebStab
Rock the Vote, Dump Debbie in 2018!
Thank You! We Cannot Wait To Strongly Support Your 2018 Campaign. #ReelectDebbie2018 - @IURadioNetwork #Michigan
Thank you Senator Stabenow!
repeal and replace. Instead of obstructing be part of the solving!!!
There's no replacement
Thank you for fighting so hard! Proud to call you and @SenGaryPeters my Senators. Give 'em hell!!!
She isn't fighting for you! If she was she would have the same plan as you!! Neither one has a good plan but the failed Obamacare!!
What about the people who got hurt by the crappy HC you libs passed. You own this mess. Hope you lose your seat.
Thank you so much, @SenStabenow! Your work is much appreciated
Don't you mean #TrumpDONTcare  ?
Kid rock is kicking your butt!! Haha
Seems like the idiots of Michigan deserve a charlatan like kid rock
I never heard the word 'repeal'. Who said that word? TWEET ME THE VIDEO PLEASE.
You make more money then the average American and you get great health care the rest of your life let us have the same as you have
#kid rock #2018 #draintheswamp
More like #TrumpScare...not care.
so you are okay with people who paid their own way getting their HC stripped from them and given to someone else for free or almost free?
That's not what is happening
#25thAmendmentNow
She is not fighting for MI..Obamacare forces people to buy insurance they cant afford or use..this is what she is fighting for..
So tired of people like this
#Putinbot
Kid Rock is kicking her Butt!!
Idiots
#Putinbot
Thank you s0Sen. Stabenow!!!
Deeply disturbing that so many Michiganders buy your bs.
Idiot
@ggstuman is #Putinbot
Keep up the fight. We need you. Each and every one of you. Thank you.
She can't fight!! Complain, bitch and resist. Hasn't had a good plan in years. Kid Rock is kicking her butt!! 
if you cared for michigan it wouldn't look like a war zone and auto industry would still be strong
We are with you Debbie. Keep fighting.

U r out @KidRock is in!
Thank you! Keep fighting!! Stabenow 2018
Shes fighting to hurt MI..Obamacare forces people to buy insurance they can't afford or use..she only cares about Dem agenda..illegals first
Wrong
That doesn't look like a defibrillator. You're gonna need one for Obamacare.
Ha
Please keep fight speak out
~
Go Deb go!!!!!
Lol..you are in Virginia..you cant vote for her..but i can vote against her...
Fight fight fight
Fight for what..force people buy insurance they cant afford or use..she only cares about Dem agenda illegals first..she doesnt care about MI

You have a rare opportunity to be part of the solution this time.  We're hurting under ACA.
Please keep up the fight!!
She is fighting for Obamacare.people are force to buy insurance they can't afford or use.this is the fight.she only cares about DEMS
