Featured this on our blog. Thank you @SenStabenow! https://www.momsrising.org/blog/its-called-having-a-country … cc @ElyssaK
Absolutely. Let's keep the Natural State natural.
These people have to go. Why is this taking so long? If it takes much longer, they'll have enough legislation to crush any #resistance .
You got this right, Senator.  Thank you for all you do.
Key part of her response: "It's called having a country." #Republicans don't want a country. They want oligarchical fiefdoms under CEOs.
Protect EPA and Impeach Trump! @realDonaldTrump
I am so sorry. He used to be a politician in SC that elicited eye rolls and laughter but now he has become a wart on the    U.S.
They just zeroed out anything they didn't understand. The stupidly is overwhelming. Keep fighting this horrible budget!
Doesn't the GLS send in more tax $ than they get back, while NC, SC, AR and others get more back than they send in?
Great Lakes feed into Mississippi River valley as well as the Atlantic Ocean.  How many states does that affect, Mulvaney?
I think The Freedom Caucus needs to be Dissolved.They were not elected to form a private strong arm group.
He owned you.  We are BROKE and you can only whine about federal funding on local issues.
Right?! By that logic, all land locked states shouldn't give a darn about clean oceans & the west shouldn't care about hurricanes-on and on
Way to go! Your points were right on the mark.
Agree.  Based on Mulvaney thinking, federal budget should  not pay for highways and bridges.
$20 trillion in debt! How do we pay for it when entitlements are the biggest driver of our debt? I await your answer, Senator. @LenaEpstein
Simply put innovation, technical knowledge, and economic growth - if you cut entitlements, cut corporate welfare too
THANK YOU Debbie!   Keep speaking truth! #congress is one of our last checks on these criminals invading our public offices.  proud of MI!
u ole deb are unacceptable and have been for the past 10 years. time for you to retire. do us a favor!
HERE IS WHAT MY Now Ex party Democrats aka COMMUNISTS DONATIONS HAVE PAID FOR. I NEVER KNEW COMMUNISTS WERE IN DEM PARTY. WE DO NOW #MAGA 
Keep up the good work @SenStabenow!  The Great Lakes need more people like you!
Way to go, @SenStabenow. Keep holding their feet to the fire!
Trump admin theme (Mulvaney, Devos): "Local control"/"states rights" = Local/states' dime.
Oh ok so when Arkansas needs fresh water in some kind of ecological disaster don't ask us for "our" fresh water.
Apparently the "United" part is not something the GOP comprehends #TheUnitedStatesOfAmerica
You did an amazing job!  So impressed!
In SC where Mulvaney is from, the Great Lakes do not mean anything.
We should add a tax to out of state people who use our lakes and ships, that would help dund peotections.
Thanks Debbie - Mulvaney & Co homework assignment: Tragedy of the Commons
Would be nice if Toomey would help...
then keep money in the states, less federal taxes.Mulvaney may not realize that multiple states and another county border the Great Lakes
Get 'em Senator Stabenow! This battle is not just yours; it is all of Michigan!
Thank you Senator Stebenow. Keep up your great work.
#shuthimdown. 
Thank you @SenStabenow #stunningisnotgood
Preach
Oil pipeline under the straights of Mackinaw are ok they won't ever leak. Just like N.D. lines or Ohio lines wouldn't.
.@snorfel1 From Mulvaney's answer you see clear intent to deconstruct the US Federal Government. Explain to Arkansas? Preposterous.1 NATION!
Look how well giving the state the means worked for Flint
Thank you senator!
Mulvaney argues the funding should be local but doesn't outline a path to get there. 
This budget is an act of fraud
See this is how I see Michigan people. Not as angry, bitter, revengeful. dt supporters.
They do not protect anyone except the rich.
Thank u for enlightening the DIRECTOR. Unbelievable that anyone would think the Great Lakes are a LOCAL resource. #BudgetFail
Thank u for fighting 2 protect our natural resources. Guess we shouldn't care about well-being of Arkansans! What happened to UNITED States?
Unacceptable is perhaps the most mild adjective permissible.
I ask you about #SethRich #SethRichCoverUp & Blackberrys from #AwanBrothers TIME THE COMMUNISTS OOPS I MEAN MY EX PARTY DEMOCRATS WAKE UP
So does that mean the SW should pay for the stupid wall?
ARE YOU GOING TO SPEAK OUT AGAINST CRIMES COMMITTED BY OBAMA OR IGNORE IT AS THE MSM IS DOING?
a ridiculous answer. He clearly doesnt understand impact Great Lakes have outside of surrounding states.
Good for you! Fo this again and again etc. Till they get the picture stuck in there head.!
Keep on asking the "difficult" questions to this administration.  We are counting on you!  Thank you for your service!
Thank you for all your hard work, Sen. Stabenow. Please continue to protect our beloved Michigan.
I don't mind paying taxes to protect water/air. Could I opt out of paying taxes for HIS retirement/healthcare? Salary? #Colorado #GreatLakes
Thank you for standing strong on our environment, education and natural resources!! #TheResistance #girlsrule
Thank you for fighting for our Great Lakes.
Debbie wont do shit for #SethRich, because that means her BFF Hillary will go to jail.  Stabenow is so corrupt and dirty.
wants program to be local?  Does this guy realize that there are seven states and another country involved with the Great Lakes? GOP idiots!
Thank you, Senator Stabenow!
U r unexceptable it's time u people started doing ur job instead of trying to bring down the President that will give my job back
I'm sure he doesn't know where the great lakes are!!!
YOU and the DEMS could provide an ACCEPTABLE answer! MEDICARE FOR ALL - and SAVE ONE TRILLION DOLLARS!
Diganos Presidente Trumph por què el Presupuesto nacional no protege los grandes lagos ?
Thank you for standing up for us.
Unbelievable Budget Director Mulvaney believes Great Lakes program should be localized. Thinks increased defense spending more important.
Great comments. I just hope you weren't one of those senators who approved his appointment!
$20 Trillion in debt now the Gov't is leaving for taxpayers to pay, enough said!
Nobody is talking about this elephant in the room!
You rock #DebbieStabenow
@SenStabenow What is wrong with these people?!?
I'm glad you are speaking up for the Great Lakes.
Thank you for standing up for our lakes!
I don't have children but you bet your ass I'll pay for the kids around me to be educated. Same principle. We're all in this together.
This idea that because you personally may not use a particular resource therefore shouldn't have to support it is so toxic.
they obviously don't understand a democracy.
keep up the good work Senator!
The budget is their latest tool to divide us - that federal government has always spent locally based on need and national interest
you go girl!!!!!!
Thank you so much for your strong stance in advocating for our Great Lakes. They are indeed international treasures.
And what ACTION will you take?  Do SOMETHING for a change.
You go, Debbie!
"More appropriately handled at a state level" means states will have to tax more to handle it. These are international waters.
Your behavior is unacceptable and shameful! Stop the hate and resistance and try to unite!
Please ask congress for an investigation into #SethRich murder! We need the truth!
There are many things that need to be protected on the federal level. This admin is trying to dump everything onto states without a plan.
Thank you for standing up to protect our Great Lakes.
YOU ROCK SEN. DEBBIE STABENOW!
Thank you. Please keep up the fight!
Thank you for so eloquently defending the Great Lakes for your constituents and all Americans. 
MI gets back $1 for every $1 sent to Fed. SC, ND & FL get back $7.90, $5.25 & $4.50. w/o Great Lakes funding MI return goes down. BAD DEAL!
I appreciate your efforts Senator but agree with Dir. Mulvaney. Conservation is a LOCAL issue. It begins in our own backyards and farms.
Keep doing what you're doing Senator
EPA 319 funding is being shared by too many partners Senator. Give it directly to the conservation districts for on the ground conservation.
Thank you, Senator -- the Great Lakes are a national asset.
Compliance is being ignored by many farmers receiving farm program benefits. Millions come into MI already for various farm programs.
Thank you for your efforts. The Farm Bill already requires HEL and wetland compliance for farmers receiving millions in subsidies in MI.
Thank you for working hard to protect our beautiful, vital great lakes!!!
