If only we weren't in this mess to begin with. Get government out of health care and give us a free market. #FullRepeal
You're welcome to return to the time of lifetime limits, rampant denials, preexisting condition refusal, and more, but I'll keep fighting.
Best would be a return to pre-WWII tax preference to employer provided insurance plans. Personal choice in all matters.
A quick video detailing why government can't help.

https://www.prageru.com/courses/economics/government-cant-fix-healthcare …

@prageru
Vote Debbie out! Worst Senator ever!
kid rock!!! lol
#MedicareForAll Why not?
Other than the fact that it wouldn't work?
The repubs have a history of working against Americans. They work to solely enrich their friends and themselves.
You can say that after eight years of Obama? Amazing.
After 8 years of Obama,  you and your family got affordable healthcare. Even if you dont want to admit it.
I pay $25,000/ year for mediocre Healthcare! Do you even make $25k/yr? Obamacare SUCKS! WORST Healthcare ever! NOT affordable for ANYONE!
Would love to know what state you're in and the particulars of your plan. If you care to share.
Pay over $12,000/year premium and $6,500 each person deductible.  $25,000/year before insurance kicks in.
Then it is practically worthless. This is sad.
Just imagine how much worse it will get when preexisting conditions are nor covered. We all have preexisting conditions.
Time to come out in STRONG support for single payer.
I think you guys think we the people are stupids. Isn't the VA hospitals under a single payer system?
The VA, DoD, & Medicare aren’t truly single payer. They represent tiered healthcare, which is a subject that reqs > 140 characters...
Our private healthcare system was still the best in the world.    Most cancer survivors and drug creations too
Your an idiot for stating blatantly false info.  Right now millions of middle class Americans cant afford it
Thanks for fighting for Michigan kids and families! Stop #GrahamCassidy NOW!
Sen Stabenow, I'm your constituent (48124) and as such, request that you vote NO on GrahamCassidy. Thank you.
I know many people that cant afford the insurance and they just pay the penalty or not. Its going to fail. i think we should sign this Del
deal
We need to stop the GOP in their tracks. #ACA is the law and it's working which is why  Regime keeps attacking. #noGrahamCassidy #StopGop
ACA is NOT working! What rock do you live under!! WORST Healthcare ever!! You must get FREE Healthcare to think so! OMG! Repeal & Replace!
#ACA is working. Turn off Fox news. If you can afford to pay Why do you complain? Should poor people just die? Would that be better for you?
Mary you obviously either get your health insurance paid for thru work or get it free thru government! Don't pretend to know my situation!
Don't pretend you know mine. You obviously have no compassion for your fellow Americans. You have been fooled by the Rich GOP who really win
We need to stop this- again.
Time for PEOPLE like you to get on board with the REAL world or get the hell out of office, Dem's & Rehab's included. DO YOUR DAMN JOB.
The ACA took away healthcare from millions. Gave millions more health care that they couldn't afford. But your solution is more government!
Called your office. Please, get some republicans to see the light. McCain, etc. This has got to stop! I'm on dialysis & the transplant list.
To rely on MI's governor to handle the $ for insurance. REMEMBER THE FLINT WATER CRISIS. They now have pre-existing conditions.America hurts
Say no and champion something better!
Greed Our Policy (GOP) says it all...
Another idiot comment.  The dems are the wealthiest by statistics and pretend they are for the working man
Quit being juvenile and help the GOP make a plan that actually helps everyone instead of insurance cos and politicians!
Please support Graham-Cassidy. What wrong with Michigan deciding what's best for Michigan?
No the " Worst Plan Yet" is Obamacrapcare". Try again.
#Medicareforall...Then get in line for healthcare. It will be a long wait and many more $$$$
The only people you care about is your voting base who all get subsidies. To hell with the rest of us.

.@realDonaldTrump-Hey pal, Watch how quickly #TheResistance makes this hashtag trend:

#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
#GOP Senators have a death wish for their political careers w/ Graham-Cassidy. Angry voters will far outnumber donors.
If their repeal during the @BarackObama  years are any indication.. we might need to 49 more times. #standupfight
Take it away. Show us where in The Constitution a citizen has a right to my money for healthcare. Plans after Kid Rock replaces you are? 
75 dollars per year per person in the country is the cheapest it will ever get what are we waiting for
When I read the reports suggesting 75 dollars per year to cover everybody in the country with health care. Per person it's a wake up call
We need to have a national health care for all, and if you can afford better than that, you pay the difference.
The democratic party is such a mess because of their leadership. Activate? What are a transformer, voltron? What a joke
Thank you for being on our side, Senator! You are working hard for all of us. #respect
Stop taking insurance mafia money in exchange for opposing #MedicareForAll. Stop being a tool and support American workers. #S1804
Need to stay ACTIVATED! Why not apply pressure continuously. That is what the #RepublicanTeaParty do when they go for obstruction.
#MedicareForAll  Please choose Voters over Donors
Wouldn't be a problem if you weren't a universal healthcare holdout.
Why don't you try working with the Rs vs fighting with them....chances are you will find it productive for a change
Youve done nothing about it why should we beleive you now?
#DebbieDowner
#DumpDebbie2018
Let them! They won't let ACA work. Apparently people must feel the pain...the loss ...to wake up
What does "time to activate one more time" mean?! Obstruct is all you Dems know! How about working W/Reps to construct a great plan for USA!
You have great Healthcare! How come you guys don't propose that ALL WORKING LEGAL citizens receive the same Healthcare you have affordably!!
Senator - if the you & the rest of your cronies don't like the new proposed health care plan by the Republicans then propose one better!
Why don't you support Bernie's bill?
If you want to know who is responsible for your healthcare misery...look to each and every Democrat who foisted Obamacare on us.
Then support Senator Sanders' bill!
They have us protesting a 100 issues as our media follows story of the day like laser light. We have to sweep 2018/2020 or enjoy obscurity.
MSM is now the 4th branch of govt and you cheer that?
Go find some more followers Deb 
Nafta took jobs from Blacks in Detroit so we now have 40% poverty. Lets keep voting Dem till its 60%.
PBO did not wiretap anyone! Telling lies over & over will never make them true 
Hmmm, Susan Rice does as she told. The shadow Knows!
You seem giddy to badmouth black ppl (PBO, Rice, Lynch) but want me to believe you're concerned about black joblessness? Ok Deb 
Hillary is a crook. McCain is a traitor. Just call em as I see em.
You don't even support #MedicareForAll
On it!
Please support MCR for All, it is time.
Senator-big pharma should not be for profit! No advertising. Should be for purposes of science & betterment of human race.
Keep fighting to fix problems with ACA.Premiums must decrease. Prescription coverage-WHY are INS Cos allowed to refuse coverage!
Reruns of the worst show EVER.
So long as Congress is not exempted from whatever comes next. Not good enough for you, not good enough for your constituents
It would be great if you Ds could come up with something. Something that doesn't rely on people like me (I have a job) paying for it.
Activate, how about participate. Your resist and obstruct leadership is a shame, your party has destroyed the middle class. You need to go.
No, actually they are trying to restore a great system that was destroyed by Democrats, resulting in skyrocketing premiums and few choices.
Agree.we can't afford critical medicines 4 son b/c we can't afford premiums 4 better script ins.Bad thing in old days-no pre-exist coverage
I am ready. Resist lying Racist Trump Family.
Inundate your congressmen/senators with calls and demand townhalls meetings
Liar
#MedicareForAll
Medicare wasn't put in place "For ALL" - need a new plan that is affordable for ALL!  Repeal & Replace Obamacare! Work together for all USA!
Your time is up Stabenow. Anyone but you 2018!!!!
But Graham bought into it this time. What's Trump/McConnell got on him?
Call your senators, @ them in a tweet, email them. You can Google who your state's U.S. Senators are, if you don't know. #noGrahamCassidy
& u need to support Medicare for all, @SenStabenow! I was appalled to see the $$$ I've taken from insurance cos I need 2 rethink my vote!
You are so infantile
Hey deb, let's just let Obamacare crash so that all can see what the plan was all about in the first place. Do you want single pay?
#Medicare4All
Thank you for fighting this!
Tell your colleagues: Collins, Murkowski that this bill will rob millions of healthcare #ProtectOurCare
Senator do you have one or two sensible Republican colleagues you plan to take to dinner to chat about the bipartisan way forward?
As long as no petition is launched to recall the politicians who try to take away healthcare, they will keep trying. we need to fire them.
we need to fire the morons that forced ACA on us. some of them should actually be locked up for it.
You get that you are in line with these republicans you speak of right?!?! Medicare for all is the ONLY right way!! Get on board!
Its not affordable
Of course their republicans. They only are for the rich !!!!
And, how much is Hillary worth? Just bought another house !!Sanders owns 2 houses. Your logic doesn't add up!!
Will you cut the Bull S&@&!!  You ALWAYS stretch the truth to get people agitated!! Epstein in 2018!!! Have had enough of Stabenaw!!
Be Brave! Stand with Sanders and others! #MMTHEORY #FeeltheBern  DO the Right Thing! MI is depending on you & so is US. #COUNTRYOVERPARTY
And how do you expect to be paid for?
They just dont get it. FREE ISNT FREE, someone pays.
Socialism is great until you run out of other people's money. Ask Venezuela. They all loved it at first. Now they are literally starving.
It is great that they have a fascist dictator too.   THANKS to Electoral College, we are on our way to the dictator part. #FakePresident
you're confused, that was Obama.  Hes still trying to destroy us with his shadow government. Thank God for the Electoral College.
I get it. I understand that you want the best for the US. Please know that we do too. We just think differently. We are Not your enemy.
Shut them down AGAIN!!!
#MedicareForAll  senator.  Please?
Please give me a hint as to WHO will foot the bill for #MedicareForAll ? Please? Socialism is GREAT until you run out of other people's $$$
83 counties in Michigan
8 blue ones (hatefilled, resisting, divisive, antifa, started kkk, unproductive, babykillin) democrats
#STARTPACKING
Single payer maybe something for the future but the 5alarmat the moment is the POS that they are trying to shove down our throats by 9/30.
NO
You are an idiot
Obamacare was the worst bill yet honey cakes

#MedicareForAll 
Praise GOD Bernie is fighting for medicare. Something all people need !!
Think you're confused mam, Bernie is NOT a Republican, but you are right on one thing, His plan is the worst yet. NO to govt controlled H.C
Support @SenSanders bill!
No. America isn't ready yet.
We know we can count on you to stand up for us, Senator-now put the pressure on your Republican colleagues to do the same!
Please back @SenSanders on his single payer bill!

We will fight for ACA. But we will also keep fighting for #MedicareForAll
Go to Venezuela, they seem to be doing well with socialism!!
Wrong!!!! Stop with the wawa petty bills you dems are trying to pass and focus on repeal and replace the God awful Obama care now
You care more about the democrats than Michigan voters. We voted for Trump. Get on the train or retire
Time for you to retire. You don't represent Michigan voters
Single payer single payer single payer
Your party created the healthcare mess! Then attack Rs for attempting to fix your mess! Unbelievable. Govt does not belong in HC! Period!
Do we need to call the ASPCA? How many times will the #GOP continue to beat this dead horse? #ACA #Obamacare
And how much money have you taken from the healthcare industry to prevent passing Medicare for All?
Thank you Sen. for continuing to fight against this.
Which number are you using this time? Bernie's 30 million??? Your fuzzy math needs serious help.
ObamaCare is the shittiest thing the Party of Sociopaths aka Democrats have ever done.
Sen Stabenow , I've always found it curious, how do ppl in public office get better Hcare than the ppl providing it to them.
Maybe u should direct your question to your own senator, John McCain, since it's him & his GOP pals who are screwing us.
McCAin voted for the people last time. He is a hero.
What he did in Vietnam Nam and in captivity is what made him a hero. Supporting his constituents is his job, hope he continues to do right.
He sang like a song bird that caused many American lives. If you served under him in the 70s, youd know he is hated.
So you served under him, did you?
Cecil Field
So thankful for all you do, hang in there
Sorry Senator, the health xRe plan you voted fir is the worst one ever. My policy went up 5x as much w/ 5X ded. Thank you so much for that!
The GOP doesn't have a better idea.
Yeah but it was a Hell of a lot better for us working people when there wasn't an ACA at all. We just got stuck paying for everyone else.
Too fucking bad.
I TELL U ALL OVER & OVER- FIX ---FDA--FINE DRUG COMPANYS-THIS WILL PAY FOR OUR HEALTHCARE, MOST PEOPLE LIKE ME GOT SICK FROM FDA !! EASY FIX
Go republicans go
You're right they should leave it alone because the current healthcare system is great
I truly hope thats sarcasm. ACA is the worst thing ever forced on the public.
You understand my language
Activate yourself over to #MedicareForAll. You're my Senator, if you don't support, please explain why.
Get your welfare.. I've got a job for life.. Sucking off the American people.. Without using the same healthcare they HAVE to use..
The battle continues. Medicare for all is a plan that will have to wait awhile. It will never pass a Republican congress.
But it shows the country it is possible to fight against repeal of ACA with something better in future.

Twitter and Facebook are not enough.Democrats need to get on TV and beat the repubs face time. Without that part you almost have no presence
repealand replace Now! Save America
I'll take care of me, you take care of you, I'll keep my hands
 out of your pocket, you keep yours out of mine, deal
I can't imagine how mad people are going to be at you when they do their taxes next year...
And you won't support Medicare for all
why did you give the president ability to go to war without the authorization of congress?
And where my I ask are we going to war?  Do you know something that the rest of us don't?
Not only asking for me & my family, but for MI and the US, please continue work on improving the ACA. People's lives depend on it.
Block grants is stupid because the state government is very cash strapped they be tightwads all people deserve better than  universal care
You have got to keep fighting. Withhold consent. Filibuster by amendment. Anything it takes. Lives are at stake.
Please. Lives are not at stake. You snowflakes sound like your melting down
Stay strong!
