sorry I don't watch leftist newscasters .
HRC sold uranium to Russia.  Her foundation benefited.  How about you investigate that?  Hack.
update us on what you are doing to procure funding to keep Asian carp out of Great Lakes.
DEBBIE DO-NOTHING WHINING ABOUT NATIONAL SECURITY & RUSSIA BUT UR OTHER TWEETS ATTACK DJTS $ FOR MILITARY
trump/russia &vp knew & kept silent. trump didn't win Hillary did & electors were illegitimate or bribed
Who is going to protect us from Obama and his tyranny? I fear Obama/Soros more than Russia.
sorry I will miss you but I don't watch fake news

THE REAL STORY 
Obama funneled billions 2 liberal groups through DOJ 'slush fund'
Obama confidante Valerie Jarrett has moved into his Kaloroma home http://dailym.ai/2mf5CcV   via @MailOnline
nice work Senator keep it up...Russia is everything! Keep digging and I'll keep voting for you
Thank you!!!  
-- Thank you, Senator! Don't back down!
this will end badly for you.  Scorching the earth doesn't help the people.  You're a partisan hack
umm... @SenStabenow Make sure to address ALL the issues of our water here in #flint MI #FlintWaterCrisis
how about the security of individual citizens? Collecting of data?
. Deb, explain to me why you voted for Rick Perry? Why would you do that? I really want to know.
Where were the special prosecuters for Obama, Holder, Clinton?
I hope they ask you bought this
except that this did not happen....and I think you mean "about"...
You approved Rick Perry. Start fighting Trump, not supporting him. Then maybe I'll listen to you.
DEBBIE DO-NOTHING R YOU SAYING RUSSIANS CHANGED THE OUTCOME OF THE ELECTION? IF SO YOU ARE ALL DONE. NO2018
call for sessions to resign!
Senator nobody cares what you do!  There's no reason to promote where and when you are as nobody cares !!!
Forget about Russia - this is nuts
Thank you Senator - @MQT_Dems @MichiganDems
demand an investigation!
Is the investigation going to start with Obama who was in charge when the Russians attacked the election?
NOBODY has presented any facts to cooborate this.  You gave HRC a pass on emails.  Sit down and shut it.
You're awesome Debbie! Go get them!
For perjury, Session must go now. Russian connection need investigation ASAP.
The mighty Russian threat. An economy smaller than South Korea is not the Dem go to scapegoat. What a joke
oh for heaven's sakes go to the court and have them demanded from the IRS. S*** or get off the pot.
Thank you for calling for Trump's tax returns.
Thank u Senator! Show us the tax return NOW!!!
Great job on MSNBC. Now what r u going 2 do?! At least, legislate future candidates MUST deliver taxes!
@TheKevinDent @MSNBC @Morning_Joe #and....???!!!??? Would it really make a difference..?!!?? 
I will be watching.
I'd like to know Why are so many communicating with the Russians in the first place! I don't get it.
and Asian carp?
Let's not blow the "Russian Threat" out of proportion.  That's a tired game perpetuated by US Politicians.
I have it on good authority that not only are the Russians involved but the Martians are involved as well
Didn't get the memo? Russia was last month, now must wear white for all occasion for womens suffrage 1789
you supported someone who actually deleted 30,000 emails after she said she released them all #0credibility
at least the Dems didn't sell us out to the Russians.
And your proof? Don't quote any Fake News stories!!
Hope they treat you with more respect than they did Sen Franken. #nomorejoe
The worst enemies of the USA seemed to be wearing white on Trump's night.
Yes, we all feel much safer with you "protecting" our security  #nothanks #weak #notsafe
love you Senator,  it won't watch morning joe
please call for independent investigation and resignation of Sessions!!
Thank you Senator!
Hardly anyone will be watching I'm sure. Hope you don't get re-elected next time. Americans first!
thank you Senator.  Represent Michigan well
Russia is not the danger to US muslims are
no Senator, you win be listening to two ignorant people put down people who think diff than they do
Out From Under Her #FLINT, #MICHIGAN Rock @SenStabenow Who Did NOTHING For 3 Years For Her Constituents Drinking #POISON Water @Morning_Joe!
Actually she had nothing to do with that, the governor, his appointee and Flint water plant did.
Sessions was a Senator on Armed Services Committee during those meetings Doing his Job STOP THE #FAKENEWS
thanks for giving me the warning to NOT watch.... this from fellow Michigander
Please or tell y it is OK to Lie and not go 2 Jail??
Left-wing conspiracy theory!
Make it clear, Senator, the citizens of MI (IM  Yooper) & other 49 states, care about sanctity of democracy
Stop Gorsuch, nothing else matters.
- Oh good! So you're gonna talk about building the wall right? Great! We need that security.
Do you know why Ross wasn't asked about these ties?
Give 'en hell, Debbie! #SessionsLied #Russia
PLEASE demand an independent investigation AND Independent Prosecutor.
That has already been done...
