and your bowing to union pressures is deeply disappointing. You do not support our children.
thank you for your NO vote.  Please continue to listen to your constituency!
Senate Republicans are cowards.  Don't go against trump.  He might get mad at them.  Cowards and idiots
Thank you for all you do to fight for us! Much appreciated! Stay tough and #resist.
Let's not forget to start an independent investigation into Trump/Russia collaboration. Can't use FBI. Independent Counsel pls
You are to be commended for putting up the good fight.  I am afraid that the outcome was, as the French say, a fat accomplice.
Thanks for putting up the good fight for all US kids.
thank you for voting #NoonDeVos
Thank you for your fight for our children and our/their future.
You did the best you could. Don't give up now. Continue to resist all of tRump's illegal, misguided, or plain wrongheaded moves
boo
Told you she would be confirmed ! Trump Train keeps a rolling...Next Up Jeff Sessions
Thank you, Senator Stabenow, for fighting for our kids and grandkids, we are behind you, cheering you on!
thank you for standing up for quality education across the country.
Thank you for standing up for Michigan school children.
She didn't. She stranded them in failing inner-city schools. She stood up for teachers unions.
Bullshit. She voted to let local governments decide education policy which will leave the US less educated and less competitive.
we're 25 th in math and science now world wide can't get much worse
It looks like the senate , republicans are going to get their way on every thing, why bother to vote.
Thank you for fighting the good fight #resist
Not just disappointed, but horrified. Thank you for your hard work. The fight continues.
Thank you for your no vote. I wish more of your colleagues had the courage to stand up for our children and educators.
we are all devastated..we appreciate your hard word work to stop it, and the session mess...vote2018
plz keep standing up to the Trump shenanigans.
Yes on De Vos. This is what our school system desperately needs.
thank you for supporting public schools
past time 4 U to go Senator.  Stop spewing the lib. Line really do something for our country and our children
I'm disappointed your still my senator stop wasting our money and time and please go to work and get something done please
I'm deeply disappointed that Senate Dems couldn't get the job done we sent them 2 DC to do. ONE VOTE is all you needed & FAILED
that wasn't their fault. Follow the money to these jerks. Those guys are the failures for putting $ first
We send our leaders to DC to be effective in matters just like this. This group could not sway 1 VOTE. NOT 1!!
they effectively brought on 2 repubs to vote against DeVos
No they didn't... Collins and Mulkowski were already on board. They needed to effectively sway 1 Vote... 1
the repubs wouldn't listen to their constituents so I don't think they would listen to dems either.
w respect-we send them to handle this.When @SenWarren sides w repubs & confirms Carson we have a unity problem
- we must hold all officials to a higher standard - they control basic Ed for our children - all schools need reform
I'm deeply disappointed that u voted against her. I'll be actively opposing ur re-election and am determined to see you go.
#DeVos isn't perfect, but School Choice is what you voted against. "More Money" hasn't help PE in decades. Time for a new idea.
seriously, the more money comment shows your ignorance on the subject. Go study then try again.
Omg, dude. Ur SO late to this convo. No one even still believes what they said 2hrs ago because we all got #woke already.
and you lost. Keep this obstruction up and you will lose your seat next term.
My family well off Last child graduated college last yr But where BD goes disparity widens This was dark day for too many kids
thank you for your efforts. A lot of people losing hope the Ds need a plan.
- 20 g's for NY students - 8 g's for southern students - we do ourselves a disservice to not challenge these students
The education system is now run by corporations. But hey, at least children will be safe from grizzlies. 
Thank you for standing up for our kids and their education. I wish your Republican colleagues had too.  Please keep fighting.
#appreciate @SenStabenow Thank you for your continuous efforts and hard work!  #education matters
@KathyNeeds now Trump  treated a senator from Texas to destroy image.Stop believing this is a eternal fight GOP DRAIN POCKETS
I agree. #StopStabenow2018
Thank you.  Hold her feet to the fire!  Accountability and activism!
Thank you Senator Stabenow!  You put your heart into it!
thanks Deb. Let us know how we can help come elec time. Stay progressive. #justicedems
thank you for once again putting what is right first. Wish the republicans could do the same. Shameful
.@SenStabenow Thank you.
Thank you for standing up for not just Michigan children, but children throughout the U.S.
In 20 years our only source for an educated workforce will be immigrants. Oh, wait...
Proud to be your consistent. Keep up the fight!
thank you. I'm more qualified for that job than that woman is 
Thank you for fighting and standing strong.
We are sadly disappointed in you Senator in Exit Stabenow.
thank you for your effort. It's a sad day when money wins over competence.
your constituents are too! Thank you for fighting for our interests!
Thank you for standing up for public education.
@Roadto18 hang in we must live to fight another day
thanks for not disappointing the mitten! Your constituent.
hope you didn't pull something when you did that reach
Thanks for voting for us!
Please shut up b/c Democrats and your support of old, flawed and sick @HillaryClinton are responsible for this Trump mess!
we all are. America is for sale ...
deeply disappointed doesn't even begin to cover it! These idiot GOP Senators will be held accountable! Ridiculous!
Such (another) sad day for the country and specifically for our children.
thank you
I'm thrilled and disappointed you tried to block her.
Thanks to you and @SenGaryPeters for doing the right thing. Please keep fighting for our country.
Thank you Senator for taking a stand for what is right! You have inspired many of us to fight harder! #WeWillRemember2018
Congratulations to America---school choice is our right!!!!!
@SenGaryPeters Thank God sanity prevailed.  You Dems are done!!
thank you for standing up for our children...we will keep fighting along side you!
thank you for voting against this unqualified, crooked woman. You make me proud.
Thank you for voting NO. Repubs don't vote with their brains and don't see the big picture. :(
@SenGaryPeters Thanks for trying
Michigan is disappointed and Embarrassed of you!  Stop obstructing and whining and get back to work! You will be replaced#Nov18
Incorrect use a capital E on embarrassed. Try 'for' you or 'by' you. Two followers? Obvious troll account.
#IAmTheStorm Brava, ma'am.
@MsDsSciLeague Deeply disappointed is a gross understatement. I am angry as hell! From an ex republican, educator.
keep fighting for us !!! We appreciate you !!
yes unfortunately it is all abt money donated not what's best for the kids they will suffer good by usa
thanks for your work . All others: call your US Rep and ask them NOT to repeal state accountability under ESSA.  Vote is today
I'll buy you a beer so you can cry in it.  You lose again.  Just so much fun!!!
You guys did a great job though. I'm so proud and thankful to have you as a senator. Thank you for hearing our voice.
thank you for trying! Michigan will not forget this
thank you for fighting for public education. I will remember this and always vote democrat 
We tolerated the BIG mistake that we had for the last 8years. Get over it!!
shame on them, selling out our children for $$. Remember this come re-election time.
ALL r disappointed Not a good sign 4 future fights! Partisan politics is a shame @BetsyDeVos is Not qualified as recrd reflcts
Thank you, from MI, for your efforts!!
Quit complaining and get to work!! If you do not change your attitude your job will be in jeopardy in 2018
Happy for the children that Betsy was confirmed over your objections - we will see progress in education now.
thank you for fighting, Senator! 
Thank you for your great leadership,  We will keep fighting! 
The nightmare continues
No speed bump for this administration from the Republican majority #winningistheonlything Can the Judiciary save us?
.@SenStabenow This is so much more than rigid GOP. They are officially telling America that they don't care about us. They are failures.
GROSS overreaction.
@SenGaryPeters Thank you for fighting so hard for MI  If only all states had senators as smart & strong as ours.
Big ups Senator,  for your *no* vote!
Don't know how you go to work with those cowards each day, but thank you & @SenGaryPeters for fighting the good fight.
thank you debbie.
me too....
so am I!!
Thank you for standing up for Michigan students. I'm very disappointed that so many of your colleagues didn't do the same.
Why are you so disappointed? ALL of you knew it was coming. Quit giving speeches and protesting and maybe you can get shit done
I am disappointed in your voting. You have failed in your duties to Michigan and the USA.
Thank you Senator! Keep up the great work!!
Thank you for your efforts. What do we do next?
vote @SenStabenow out of office for allowing teachers unions to buy her vote & strand our city kids in dumpy public schools?
Thank you for opposing her. You represent my home state, and I appreciate you standing up for #education. #resist
Thank you for voting no.
Thank you for fighting for American children and families Senator. DeVos's incompetence is a disgrace to the nation.
Thank you for your hard work. Please keep fighting for us all!
You did your best.  Apparently most of the GOP Senators don't care children in this country, only the $$ in their campaign fund

thank you for fighting for #ALL kids and education
.@SenStabenow Thank you for placing Michigan's children above Michigan's billionaires. Your "no" vote will be remembered.
thank you so much for putting Michigan's children first. Vote Stabenow!
Thank you for trying so hard. 
so sad for our public school kids
