Debbie: So you don't want to return responsibility for & access to good education to parents - NEA giving you too much money!
no, she does not want to give vouchers to the church, thanks Debbie!
That would be the parents deciding that the best use of THEIR MONEY would be to send money to parochial school
parents can be stupid too!
Of course parents can be stupid-but that's their individ right: allocating responsibility to gov't = dependency
There's no accountability in private schools. If you want to send your child there, go ahead.On your dime.
Classic big govt answer: Parents can't choose - need govt restictions to manage their own money/kids
no problem with choice.  - problem when govt treats schools like business
Stop EVERYTHING until we have the truth about the tampered election &Russian espionage. #DworkinReport #ImpeachTrump
Thanks for trying Debbie! We know you're up against tough odds but glad you're on our side!
.@SenStabenow thank you for your words and efforts. #NoonDeVos #noDevos
- Thank you for your efforts.
Appreciate you standing up to say #NoOnDeVos!
Sad every time you speak no substance just talking points
Please stay seated and quiet.
And she's in.  DeVos confirmed.  YOU LOSE......again.  Get to the back of the bus.
might be time for a senator that cares about children more than Union money !!!!
YOU WILL BE OUT OF A JOB NEXT ELECTION! Your party is Disgraceful which is evidenced by losing so many seats across the land
Thank you for representing Americans desire for quality education & voting #NotoDeVos #holdthefloor #JustOneMore
Thank you Senator!
We will will speak against you in the next elections. Goodbye to party politics! Go America!
Tell them the only qualifications Betsy DeVos has for education is writing checks to educational charities for a tax deduction
wrong, she should, and will be confirmed.  You don't support better education, just public unions.
Please vote NO.
thank you
I don't understand why your against inner city kids and parents having access to better education opportunities.
Thank you for opposing DeVos for Secy of Education
you are being so disgraceful and embarrassing! You should be ashamed Debbie!Confirm Betsy and rest of cabinet! RED state!#Nov18
because she was appointed by a Republican? Because her family is wealthy? Because she is a female and not a man hater?
YOU NEED TO STEP DOWN-- SWAMP MONSTER! DRAIN THE SWAMP
thank you for standing up for our children & public education! #nopaytoplay #stopdevos #holdthefloor
Thank you Debbie!!
Are the students up protesting for you now? Tick toc....
thank you!
Like You Have Done Any Better Her In Michigan With Detroit Public Schools
You are correct. Respect.
thank you. GOP should be ashamed to support this unqualified woman
thank you for standing up against an unqualified candidate! #StopDeVos
you've got my support!!!  From GR, MI!
Thank you Senator!
thank you. This is about corruption
I am so proud of the Democrats! Thank you for standing up for our children's future!
@POTUS carried MI. MI has a Republican governor & legislature. Please represent your constituents & support Cabinet nominees.

We need want someone who won't dismantle our education system. Thank you. 
Thank you Senator for standing up for American children #StopDeVos #NoOnDeVos #HoldTheFloor
thank you for continuing to fight against DeVos
IMe think you will be looking for new job Debbie!
YOU GO DEBBIE AS I FOUND ONE THAT U AND I AGREE ON. Make them leave my Healthy MI alone which was created by a GOP.
Thanks Senator!  glad I voted for you
Thank-you, please keep fighting for the education of our children.
.@SenStabenow Thank you for your leadership and courage. #HoldTheFloor #NoDeVos #Resist
-- Thank you for your hard work, Senator! #holdthefloor
You DID arrive in DC for something! Tax payers DESERVE your paychecks back because you have not earned them!! Earn your pay!!!
thank you
thank you!!!
NO Devos and NO Pence tie breaker.
thank you! #holdthefloor #DumpDevos
re-election is coming and I hope you are thrown out
#boo #hiss
Thank you! #NotoDeVos
Thank you for supporting our children.
Thank you. #holdthefloor
Thank you Senator Stabenow!
THANK YOU!
Betsy DeVoss proven leader/advocate for schoolchildren. MI students deserve quality education.  Vote YES 4 Betsy DeVoss. #MAGA
thank you!
Thank you for your extraordinary efforts on this issue.
thank you!
.@SenStabenow Did you forget, @realDonaldTrump won MI.Will  of people means nothing to you? Self serving, not for people. @BetsyDeVos #POTUS
Congratulations!!! And thank you!!!!!!
Thank you!
you go girl!!  Please please hang in there. I made my call to voice my opinion...vote2018
Thanks for sticking up for Big Money (teachers Unions). The system is broken! The professionals haven't been able to fix it!!
Thank you for speaking for all of us.
what do u want, another new world order globalist marxist hack? This could cost u the nxt election. Bring back US Constitution
THANK YOU! I AM SO PROUD YOU ARE MI SENATOR Can you PLEASE convince one more GOP Senator to VOTE NO ON DEVOS??
Watched it live. Thank you!  I'm terrified for my district as an educator in Michigan.
do it Debbie. She must not be anywhere near education. Thanks for your work Debbie.
Thank you Senator Stabenow!
Would you SO kind as to declare the amt given to you by @AFTunion @NEA unions? No? Me thinks THAT is the rub! #watchthepuppet
You can just go look it up on http://opensecrets.org  Here are Betsy's contributions. https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1QaZDygYkxxNFnAcmtYDR9XIYL3p6NLOfT7KMohNKJdw/htmlview#gid=1839657166&fvid=761652355 …
Go get em! I worked on your very 1st campaign and you have been a rock star since! #resist
Thank You!  Those of us from Michigan know full well what she is all about!  We are with you in spirit!!
Thank you!
you could spend all night talking about that.
Give her a knockout blow!
Thank you!
she's just not qualified and won't work for all children when she even doesn't support public schools
thank you Senator. Hopefully a couple more republican senators will vote with you.
Thank you.
, thank you!
Thank you!!!
hold the floor!
Thank you for valuing education and experience!
Thank you Senator!  We appreciate your effort against this attack on public education.
stall all you want, do they math, she will be confirmed tomorrow but the left likes wasting people's time
thank you for continuing to speak up! #experiencematters
NO ONE CARES ABOUT YOU DEB. AND IF u LISTEN u HEAR WE WANT BIPARTISANSHIP. get bipartisan of get OUT
Thank you!
AWESOME!!!! KEEP IT UP DEBBIE!
@don_donaldeager thank you.
Just abolish the whole department already. Why should the state have anything to do with our children's education?
Thank you for standing against Trump's agenda. VOTE NO ON EVERYTHING. #resist
Thank you for standing up for our students!
Partisan HACK. Union BOUGHT & PAID for.
Guns do not belong in schools period. Kick some butt Senator!
Shout it from the rooftop!
Thank you for once again standing up for what is right.  You rock Senator Stabenow!!!
Thank you, senator!  She deserves a no vote!  No experience?  No thanks!
Well I hope everyone's cleared their calendars for several weeks #DumpDevos
Thank you for working on behalf of our nation's children. #StopDeVos
thank you!!!!!!!!!
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Stabenow.I have wrote your office a few times, and it sounds like we are on the same page! #educationmatters
Thank you!
thank you senator!
Why? Because you don't like choice/competition for failing schools?
Speaking unlikely to work.
thank you!
thank you!
Keep up the good fight.
thank you so much for taking the time to respond to your constituents unlike the other senator of Michigan.
thank you!!
LETS START HERE 
I GUESS SHE TOUGHT SHE COULD BUY HER NOMINATION AFTER CONTRIBUTING TO ALL @GOP CANDIDATES. 
PAY FOR PLAY!
thank you thank you thank you!
make it count!
Thank you Thank your
Keep fighting for us, Senator Stabenow!
good luck Debbie make the GOP listen hope they begin to break away they have yo know she is not the one for all of us
THANK YOU!
Thank you!
Go girl- we've got your back
Thank you - your remarks were outstanding!  And you had REAL facts - amazing!  : )
Thank you!
We believe she should! Let the parents send their kids to better schools!
Thank you for your no vote and your efforts to convince others to vote the same.
Thank you for representing me.
thank you Senator!  We are behind you all the way!
Michigan public schools ranked bottom half of us last eight years but Betsy devos is your problem? Hypocrite.
she knows absolutely nothing about education. That's scary. If you can't see that then you're the problem
so the last two soe did yet these states ranked in bottom? So who is wrong here? Give me facts not your opinion
Thank you, Senator Stabenow!
I am a teacher who was fired from a charter school for speaking against oppression. Thank you very much.
that speech should be short because that nominee is terrible
Because she has millions of her own and the NEA can't buy her like they can washington insiders.
We all know you get your backing from the MEA. & NEA you could care less about education.
I am a lifetime member of MEA NEA
Betsy DeVos SHOULD be Sec of Education!!
Thank you Senator 
As a Michigander I know first hand about The DeVos propaganda machine. NO 2 DEVOS
I'm thankful for school choice in Michigan! #IStandwithBetsy
Great job Debbie!  Thank you!
let it rip!
thanks you! please reach across the isle to get others (republican representatives) to agree.
- thank you!!!
Thank you! Vote NO Devos
thank you!
Thank you Senator!!!
Thanks for your passionate words #VoteNoDevos. Was refreshing to see one party thank another party for support on something.
Thank You!
Great speech, Senator. Thank you!
#NoOnDeVoucher
we know you're upset that your side lost but the state went red start listening to the will of the voters
thank you from Kalamazoo. 49009
thank you!!
Thank you!
Thank you so much!
thank you, senator!
thank you Debbie!
THANK YOU!  #RESIST
TY!Here's y ed shldnt b fully pushd dwn 2 states by DeVos. http://sites.ed.gov/osers/2016/11/ … @brianmrosenthal
thank you for speaking the truth today. Facts are so important to the majority of Americans.
thank you Senator, for acknowledging Sen. Inhofe good work on flint water crisis, while arguing against Devos.
Thank You!!!
Listening now.  Thank you for your leadership and standing up for public education for all Americans
Thank you!!!!
Thank you for representing your constituents!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Senator!!!

Thank you
thanks for the numbers
Speak for the kids who have bad parents that don't care and tell them Public Schools are those kids refuge, hope and future.
you go girl !
You go, Senator!
the unions must have pledged big money for your upcoming re-election bid, start doing the people's work and vote yes or no
It says a lot about how bad devoss is that she doesn't support her. Keep public schools strong.
Here in Mich. We see how that worked. It didn't. Devoss was a key driver in the failing experiment.
Always enjoy intelligent disourse. Education is not his or your strong point.
. I didn't get to where I am in life by being asleep. Devoss wants religion in schools and I do not. No vouchers.
