Why won't you support Medicare-For-All, but you'll vote for more war? 
You don't have my vote in 2018.
Sure -- just let the @GOP continue their devastation....who says @SenStabenow doesn't support #SinglePayer ??? She supports Conyers
Here's on big reason why @stabenow and @SenGaryPeters are not supporting Medicare-For-All:
Check your sources - @VoteSmart says different: https://votesmart.org/candidate/campaign-finance/27110/bernie-sanders#.WcVRQK2ZOu4 …
"Top Sectors" could just mean the people who donated worked in those fields. Remember all of his individual donations in 2015/2016?
That's because it's not about healthcare; it's about @GOP campaign financing!
Bot reported
Sign on to @SenSanders bill!!!!!!!!
She won't. Gary Peters won't either. Both have to go.
I know it's called purity test and I'm told it will only elect republicans but my conscious says Medicare for all to get my vote! Period!
Tell that to the Democrats hiding behind thier republican overlords.
Thx for voting to hike up defense spending while millions remain without health care. You're really doing your part as an establishment cog
it's ONE of the jobs of the federal government. Have you actually read it?
FRESH WATER FOR FLINT SENATOR! I cannot believe you have not fixed the problem yet- YOU obviously will NOT fix this either...
Dems are becoming a broken record with healthcare #NoSolutions
I'm not sure if I asked this before but how come we're not talking universal health care here? Why won't you support it!?
Thank you Senator. Keep fighting!
Then make sure to stop it!
Maybe if Michigan got hit by hurricane GOP would care about our people
Nah. they still wouldn't care.
Repeal Obamacare!
Repeal white supremacist Trump!
Thank you Senator Stabenow for supporting you constituency.
Not very good for MI, or FL either.
So, you're for #MedicareForAll ? Get off the fence, Deb.
She is absolutely not in favor of Medicare for All. She's made that abundantly clear.
You are the worse for Michigan. If it's not political then why is congress dealing with it????
Should not the state take care of its citizens rather than the federal government?
Thank you for opposing this cruel bill. Keep fighting!
Thank you @SenStabenow for standing up, not just for Michiganders, but for all Americans.
Your software needs some upgrades, #RussiaBot. Try spell check and some American grammar lessons. #YourRussiaIsShowing #Oops #FuckPutin
Please reach across the aisle and compel ur @SenateGOP to understand America wants bipartisan support to FIX the #ACA not repeal it 
Your entitlement promises we can can't afford. Doing it with my $$ makes it very personal. Destroys US financially and creates dependency.
What we pay in premiums now is the worst yet for Michigan families!  Stop fighting anything the Republicans do and start being a solution
Vote no and please please find a way to get others to vote No. Stop playing politics with our Healthcare.
That $700 billion military budget you voted YEA on could buy a heck of a lot of health care, couldn't it?  #shameonyou
Thank you for your No vote!
Thank you for standing by us!
Stand up to this bill.  it is not good for Michigan and not good for the country. Healthcare organizations not in support of this bill!
The Dems can't handle people who don't want government run heath care. Let people decide about their own health care.
Not 1 more cent of "hurricane relief" for any Senator who votes for this. Southern Senators hate Michigan. U know that. #GrahamCassidy
#FullRepeal please.
Agree!  Now do something about it! All you and Schumer have are empty words! Rhetoric! Negative obstruction! REPEAL & REPLACE your own bill!
Stop being Schumers puppet and tell me what YOU are doing for me and Michigan
Thank you Senator!
I'm live in MI, You're lying.
your so right, its personal-we have the right to have a good FDA-SO WE CAN HAVE GOOD HEALTH, NOT DIE FROM MISTAKES THEY MAKE OVER & OVER !!!
More than 3 people in me family will die if repeal wins. We don't want to die! Please! Vote no!
How will you vote? Do you support this lunatic president with N.Korea?
Repub health care tax breaks for rich  Meantime many of us no or not enough health care.  These tax cuts is in reality blood money.
It's the worst yet for all families!
Then you should support #MedicareForAll #medi!
#ThePersonalIsPolitical #ThankYouDebbie
Two sides of same mouth... If it's personal, BUTT OUT! STOP TAKING MY "PERSONAL" MONEY AND MAKING MY "PERSONAL" DECISIONS!
Do you hear that? I think I hear the end of your political career. #Kidrockforsenate
Thank You!
Stop whining..what are you doing to fix healthcare??  All I see you obstruct & whine..do something for MI not party or step aside!!!!
List all the hospitals, doctors, aarp, etc that are against it!
Did your girlfriend Fienstien give you that line. The health care you supported has failed. That makes you a failuar
Well said Senator! Please keep speaking up for Michigan and the entire nation!
I'm proud of my Sen.Stabenow God bless you
Please vote NO, and talk to everybody you can in the Senate and convince them to vote NO!!
Thank you for your leadership on this important issue. Stay strong for all of us; we are counting on you.
I know people who are alive today thanks to ACA. If it is repealed, our veterans will suffer. Please keep working to make ACA better.
Imagine forcing fluoride a carcinogen, then approving pesticides, then criminalizing cures 4 disease  then pretending 2 care about health
No profit means no innovation. I like profit.
Cant wait for kid rock to win he has a brain
Keep up the good fight!
Isn’t political?  You have to be kidding right?  It’s been politicized since day one in 2010.
Medicare for all everyone in no one out
You must never have heard of the Tuskegee experiments
Thank you. So grateful to have you as my senator.
You steal from Americans every day and don't care- Govt run insurance is a scam- Get a clue
Enjoy your last senate term. Kid Rock is taking your spot.
Thank you, @SenStabenow. As a cancer survivor I find this continued assault on health care a nightmare I can't wake up from.
Get with your colleagues and support #Medicare4All !!  Just blocking GOPs isn't enough! Stop accepting Ins Co donor big $$. U work 4 us!!
Way to destroy healthcare. These people are responsible for the Tuskegee experiments
We need to call Snyder and  tell him to join the GOP governors against this!!
Thank you
We have yet to hear your solution from your parties failed policy. What is it, 2018 you need to go away. Put you on the unemployment line.
Your refusal to address the single payer issue tells me you don't know the struggles
And your insurance company berates you into "shopping" for surgical procedures and offers trinkets like gift cards for going with provider X
Whose paying 4 ur ridiculous boutique clothing, Senator? Lobbyists or taxpayers? Typical lib. Pelosi Jr
Bills one after the next with seemingly no rhyme or reason, no gauge to tell why a colonoscopy should be $300 or $1200
Thanks senator
Do you have any idea the healthcare bills Americans face? How powerless they feel when these arbitrary bills come flying fast and furious?
Thanks for being awesome
Need NO Votes on this bill. Please talk with your GOP collegues.
Thank you, Senator!
Hang in there!
Debbie, the inevitability of the collapse of ACA makes your comments both sad and ironic
Obamacare has harmed everyone. Rich, middle, and poor! Yep. It's personal. So congress repeal it & get out of our business!
Ummm NO IT HASN'T and if you look at what they are proposing you will see true harm being done!
Ummmmmm yeah it has. I have yet to meet or know even one person or family it has helped. And I have been personally harmed.
I didn't say I like what's being proposed. Because I don't. I want Obamacare repealed. Period.
Govt needs to get out of HC business.
No, it's not, Debbie Downer.
If it so personal , why don't you have the same healthcare that we all have?? I am sick and tired  of your complaining, lying and exaggerate
Is that Shumer behind you telling how to dictate Dem talking points?  It isn't political, yeah right!
Why don't you support #MedicareforAll ?
It is personal. It's personal when insurance companies play their sadistic money game and your elected reps sit on the fence
Russia /Trump/DISTRACTION
#MedicareForAll
SELLOUT

Obamacare is the worst, so why have you not repealed and replaced?
#MedicareForAll
cool, uh, why did you just vote yes to spend $700 billion on the military
#MedicareForAll
why do all of you, not live by the same Obamacare we do? Why are you "special?"
#MedicareForAll
Stand up and fight for better! The GOP is against America and Americans.
Kevin, Do you give lessons in libtardspeak?
take a good look at photo op debbie with a face lift at taxpayers expense. come on KID ROCK
No it isnt! You have priced Michigan 55-64 yr olds out of the insurance market! Stop ignoring our voices!
so you're ok with people with cancer paying another $28,000  - $140,000 PER YEAR on top (cont) http://tl.gd/no4fum 
Thank you!!! Vote No!!
So you want to make it worse? If your house is on fire, do you also spray it with gasoline?
#MedicareForAll
No way. These folks are responsible for the Tuskegee experiments.
Anything the GOP comes up with is not good unless you're rich that party only sees dollars & how to rape it out of us & give to rich friends
I'm not rich but I know the government was responsible for the Tuskegee experiments.
Then quit complaining and participate in drafting a better plan.
I hope Obama care is replaced soon

GOP has to cut OBAMACARE to give HUGE TAX CUTS to wealthy...we get $300 and get to wash their limos http://a.msn.com/01/en-us/BBEiIdb?ocid=st … …
Thank you, Senator!
#MedicareForAll
