Judge Gorsuch is a fair man, a great choice. Sadly you can't see past the negative political Dem narrative. Ppl see this.
people like her and this lame resistance is why I will NEVER vote dem again
I love the "this is why I switched parties" accts. GTFOH
oh you don't like that I switched parties, all the hate from your side, yep justifiers why I switched 
no I'm saying you were never a Democrat. Great comeback though.
so you don't know half as much as you seem to think you do
you're right. I don't know some random lady on Twitter voting history. You got me. #RESISTANCE 
your resistance so full of hate and violence is something I want no part of, I'm not about hate
@SenateDems Thank you Debbie this is a stolen seat by the R's
wasting her time. He will be confirmed & will be a true originalist, & WILL FOLLOW OUR CONSTITUTION! 🕆
you Republicans have lost your soul.
With everything that is happening daily with this administration? I don't want my representatives supporting/normalizing this WH.
U mean all the daily ridiculous fake news the Dems r screaming about? All the while @POTUS continues on, canceling out Obama's job killing
Thank you for opposing Judge Gorsuch. I don't know if you / we can stop him, but Russiagate needs to be cleared up first.
You can't stop it. Thank you Senator HarryReid! Dems were warned about changing the rules. Time 2 pay the piper
the Senate filibuster rule still exists...
That rule can be changed and it will if it needs to be.....
But Dems are correctly blocking the probable Russian Spy from capturing our SCTUS.
Hillary?! She lost. Obama was the one caught on a hot mic. This line is getting old and tired.
She lost. Russian Spies won. Now Dems must protect SCOTUS before the Russians capture that too.
You sound like you're off your meds. May want to tweet your craziness from a non business acct.
Thank you!!
I think you're out of control Mr Gorsush is more qualified than you ever be as a senator BOOOO!!!
Everyday DEMS appear to have serious mental health issues on top of a complete lack of Constitutional understanding.
flying high
I can't support your reelection.
Thx! Gorsuch is not exactly a people person. I don't buy his mild mannered, scripted non answers. #DarkMoney #HighOnKoch #EndCitizensUnited
thank you for standing up for the working people Michigan
and I want you to vote yes for him if ya didn't fig that out.
Ridiculous! Another swamp resident playing Washington DC politics as usual! DRAIN THE SWAMP!  Return the power to the people!
It's not right that Sen.McConnell would not give centrist Merrick Garland a hearing and vote but will give conservative Neil Gorsuch one.
stop acting like you ever considered him! You knew on election day  you'd never vote for ANY Trump nominee! Partisan hack
Merrick Garland seat stolen. Thank you for standing up for us. Gorsuch sides with corporations.
Thanks! The Senate should not move forward on President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee until after the FBI’s investigation has concluded.
oh please stop with the bs crap. It doesn't matter who @POTUS puts up you all have said you won't vote for them.
Thank you I came to double check bc #MIGOP just posted something about you #NoGorsuch @MichiganDems @MISenDems
Thank you!
This nomination was stolen from President Obama. Do all you can to stop it.
Shame on you and all of the Dems who are obstructing. I will never vote for another DEM again EVER! You will loose your next election.
What % of his decisions do you take issue with? Must agree with U on all or a NO vote? @SenGaryPeters Pass better laws.
Thank you, Senator.  It's odd how quickly repubs here have forgotten their refusal to even meet with Merrick Garland.
You liked him for the 10th district.  Is #Obstruction getting in the way?  The Constitution is not a flexible, living document. We need him.
@MeetThePress Todd: "Why not fund a campaign to try to convince 3 or 4 Repub'$" to join Ds vs. Gorsuch. Bribes r how it's done?
good thing u r not running again. List reasons why ur not 4 him when u were before. Standing by ur party and not us citizens 
What changed? Democrats, including Obama, Hillary, Schumer, Kerry, Biden, & Feinstein wanted him in 2006. Your not voting w/your conscious.
Support Michigan not New York.
PETTY! He is a stand up man. Way more class than you'll ever have! Way more experience too!
agreed... she's very petty !
Of course you cant because you work for the Democratic party and not the people like you are supposed too. #useless #resign
She is representing the people!  While Gorsuch is qualified the president is not.  Thank you Sen Stabenow
that's funny I'm pretty sure the election is over and he won. He has don't more than Debbie has lately
Glad I could amuse you, it all depend on your point of view.
. We need constructive representation in the Senate not destructive. VOTE HER OUT
I guess you are ready too step down from politics.
You will no be getting my vote in the upcoming election.Drain the swamp.Gorsuch is smart and a good choice.
You are Michigan senator but not for long.
@SenateDems Thank you Debbie. We here at home appreciate your efforts. #michigan #Resist #Resistence #Notmypresident
vomiting here in MI Ask yourself why @SenStabenow approved him before and not now. #hypocrite
no big surprise here. You will never support a Republican nominee no matter how well qualified they are. A hack is you
thank you!
one word "nuclear" #thanksharryreid
Very disappointing. No good reason pure partisanship. I had hoped better of u. You've lost a future vote from 48146.
The majority of your constituents are NOT pleased with "what you can or can not support"; 2018 is coming and you are going...
Thank you, Senator. Appreciate your strong leadership.
saw you on MTP today - thank you for your stance against Gorsuch.
disagree, I am a Michigander who wants to see the vote, quit being so bipartisan and get some things done
Harry Reid changed the rules. Blame your punch drunk old buddy. The nominee is not at fault.
I'm with her! Thank you Senator Stabenow! You represent us very well.
2018 can't come soon enough! MI voted Red again and ignore MI once again. Republican Gov., House, and Senate and soon US Senate
Thank you for opposing Gorsuch's nomination to #SCOTUS
doesn't matter. He'll be confirmed. Be a rep for Michigan and not a party line tower. It might save your seat.
vote for Gorsuch. Quit playing politics.
but no one cares
we expect judges to side with the law whether that is in favor or against the interest of Americans. Your job to make good law!
@SenStabenow how sad you have chosen partisan politics over your duty to country. You know he has been and will be a rule of law justice.
I'll bet Kid Rock would support Gorsuch http://www.rollcall.com/news/politics/kid-rock-eyed-as-potential-senate-candidate …
bc he bases his decisions completely on law and not feelings? Justice is blind to feelings and can't give fair hearing w/o laws
@CFraase Thank you.
then I oppose YOU
thank you
Then why did you vote for him in 2006?  You're a liar and a divider.
what has changed since 2006 when you voted to confirm him?
Just because You don't agree with the President Don't take it out on the Judge
each other instead of working together.We want Judge Gorshich in. Stop the BS in Washington. TheDems are acting like socialist
The Dems need to work together with President Trump that is why President Trump was elected we R tired of each party fighting
You supported Judge Gorshich in 2006 why are you coming against him now ? That was in a email I got this morning
you are citing a couple of cases and not looking at 3000 cases that he ruled fairly. Your days as a senator are numbered.
well you will be OUT of office after the next election. Traitor !!!
thank you for not supporting Gorsuch. He has proven he will support corporate interest before humans every single time.
bravo senator. as a michigander i salute you. keep up the fight.
We will not support you in 18!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you!  You've got my support.
Thank You for voting no on this stolen Supreme Court seat
Debbie,your Michigan voters want Neil Gorsuch
Good for you. Al Franken pretty much made a case for this. Let's hope enough legislators were listening.
weak.  Very weak.
Thank you, @SenStabenow! Keep up the good work!
I support you 100℅!
THANK YOU!!!!
Just got your email.Thank you so much for NOT supporting Gorsuch.He couldn't even answer questions straight.Hes dishonest
@MerileeShipman Thank you!  Proud to have you as my Senator!
As one of your constituents, I thank you Senator Stabenow!
Thank you for standing up for Michigan voters.
Wonderful news!!!
Thank you! (from another grateful MI constituent)
stop playing party and be an American we are voting you out with a Republican Michigan is done with Democrats
I cannot vote for you in the next election and I will actively work against you!
Thank you
Lack of comprises created this chaos we see today. Bipartisan voters do not vote for partisan Senators. #LostMyVote
I hoped that our reps would of picked their battles wisely. Plenty of injustices to vote against. Let this one go. #LostMyVote
THANK YOU!
thanks Debbie we know we can always count on you to fight the good fight
thank you! As a Michigander, I appreciate having you represent our best interests.
Thank you, Senator! Confirming Judge Gorsuch would not be acceptable with Pres. Trump under investigation.
if NY Chuck jumped off a cliff so would you. 11/2018
Democrats stay together. Mr Nunes needs to resign.
Sen, if you were really interested in qualifications of nominee, you would vote for him. At least be honest with yourself.
Thank You for opposing #SCOTUS
wrong again.u have never represented ur constituents.look forward to u loosing ur seat.
bravo senator! that's great news for those of us who worry about trump trying to influence or control judiciary & legislature.
Partisan hack
Confirm Gorsuch!  not your job to vote for partisan Judges! Gorsuch has the highest rating in History! NO REASON for opposition
Thank you!
- BE PREPARED 2 BE VOTED OUT OF OFFICE IN 2018 - U won't have enough votes in DETROIT to save your ass !! #confirmgorsuch
Standing with you in North Dakota, Senator!!!
thank you!
thank you!
thank you! This constituent is grateful
Keep obstructing the people of MI and you will be opposed election time!  Vote on that!
Thanks. We want see the fight from this party.
Thank you!
The executive branch is controlled by a hostile foreign power.  Their SCOTUS nominee cannot be trusted.
Debby you are just another part of the swamp needing to be drained
easier to blame the almost never overturned judge then do your job and change bad law. Hyper partisan
Thank you from this constituent in 48375.  He must not be confirmed.
thank you
he votes based on letter of law. If you disagree with his decisions work on changing the law. Please support him
thank you for that position.
Thank you Senator Stabenow!
you need to do something positive and vote for Judge Gorsuch...Debbie downer
thank you! FILIBUSTER!
as a constituent I applaud your decision! Proud to call you my senator! Keep up the good work! #NoGorsuch #Michigan #RESISTANCE
Filibuster
thank you! We've had 8 justices for over a year, we can wait until #TrumpRussia is sorted out to get a 9th
Thank you, Senator Stabenow. MI
you better not go back on your word. You're up for re-election in 2018!
from a constituent...there are so many ready to vote u out 2018. we voted against your party politics 2016. lesson not learned
Thank you. Gorsuch is out of the mainstream on reproductive rights & protects corporations over people. NO all the way!
YES YES YES YES 
Thank you Senator for representing Michiganders!  Appreciate you.
do your job senator. you voted unnamiously to support him. you're reelection campaign is slowly going in the toilet.
As a constituent, I thank you.
Vote "NO" if you ever see Debbie Stabenow on a ballot again !!!
@SenateDems Obstructionist and unAmerican.  More concered about politics than your constituents
going against your voters desires.....not a good idea.
thank you Senator. As one of your constituents I appreciate your principled stand on this issue.
Always the right time to do right! Thank you Senator Stabenow from a constituent.
thank you!
Thank you! From a grateful constituent
And what about the 9th U.S. Court Appeals?
9th U.S. Court Appeals just stuck their ass in face of Congress, Obama & Obama's list of seven countries. Way To Go! 1 for @realDonaldTrump 
The statement is nice and all, but you could have simply released a statement saying: "He is not Merrick Garland"
Thank you. I appreciate knowing your stance on this subject.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator.
Thank you Senator!
it's a shame you do not support your constituents.  You are not representing me!  No surprise.  Your very weak and that's sad.
You are now officially a member of the clown caucus.
and @SenGaryPeters thank you for your leadership and opposing Gorsuch's nomination. This fight is too important.
Thank you, Senator!
Great. I love it when you deceitful politicians for the sake of donor monies work to vote yourself out of office as u have here
Good on both counts. Thank you.
That's because you're a dipstick that puts ideology ahead of country, simple!!
thank you!
All the liberal phonies coming out now. You reap what you sow
I will contribute to your opponent. They will have an easy time with record. You will be reminded. Promise.
Just another reason for this hard working American to never support you.
Thank you so much!  No nominee of scrotus should be put into place until the Russian investigation is completed.
thank you!
thank you for doing the right thing for our country. My daughters and I thank you.
Thank you Senator.
THANK YOU for standing up to Rs. They can't just change the rules however it suits them. Merrick Garland should fill that seat!
A child legislator speaks again. Are you one of those that would not vote for GOD? Not that he needs your vote.
Thank you, Senator Stabenow!
why? Cause he follows the law and constitution ? I hope voters remember all the obstruct from Democrats.
If you think there should be a law allowing someone to abandon their cargo, propose the law and vote on it. That's your job!
Thank u Rep 4 standing up 4 us.
Thank you for opposing Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS.
what a farce. The left's liberal logic lacks total understanding of what a judge does.
lol
Vote her out!
Another crackpot statement from a career underachiever.
Get ready to lose your seat. This Michigander will vote against you.
Why on earth would you not support someone who follows the law!  This is exactly why Trump won.  #YouArePartOfTheSwamp
You are a horrible Senator  for MI.
@SenateDems WOW...has anybody reviewed your record this way?
stop the BS and vote to approve Judge Gorsuch.  You are a representative of the people of MI. The people of MI voted for Trump!
thank you senator Stabenow
thank you
it's hard to support a judge that ENFORCES THE LAW!!!! OHMYGAWD you shifters are too much! I will never vote Democrat again
Thank God people are opening their eyes to the DemocRATS who are more for the party than the People!  @SenStabenow
@SenateDems is this the way R's treated O 's scotus nominees? No! Funny how the D's tune changes when it time to support R nom.
thank you!
Democrats digging their own grave. Will lose even more seats in 2018.
What happened? You supported him in 2006. Oh, I know, it's ALL POLITICAL. You are not the Democratic Party but the Delay party
The hypocrisy is that Gorsuch was previously confirmed unanimously.
The Constitution was not meant to be a "living document," a totally ridiculous concept and is no Constitution at all. Just fine for liberals
Thank you, Senator! 
I support @SenStabenow and @SenateDems - judge Gorsuch's nomination me me ANGRY! Give me Merritt Garland or give me to a hungry parrot!
