@RonWyden is right; bipartisanship works best. We need to focus on real problems & continue to fight for people in MI & across the country.
That's my Senator! So proud of you!
Stop the lies and pandering to looters and moochers! You stand with ACA, you stand for failure. @MIGOP
Move along conman.
I'm sorry? Who's the con? #CounterResistance.
You dear. You say you're a therapist? If true, then you're purposely spreading disinformation and lies regarding ACA/Medicaid. You're a con.
Pastor? Clearly not a follower of Jesus Christ. Another con.
Rich people who see a brother or sister in need, yet close their hearts against them, cannot claim that they love God.
(1 John 3:17) #Conman
I suppose you feel pretty "holy" fulfilling the role of "Useful Idiot?" Feel free to read all my bio-my personal expression - ACTIVIST
I'm an atheist but I do know a charlatan when I see one. Having studied theology I can tell you're not a true follower of Jesus. #Fraud
@SenateDems yes...  you force millions on garbage plans, then cry when they willingly get off that they've "lost" their care
You should investigate your claims further. @SenateGOP Ted Cruz wants to flood the healthcare exchanges with garbage useless plans.
as a result of the bronze, silver, gold mandates of Obamacare.
U r fixated on 'others' access to affordable care. Instead of the cause = GOP destabilized the insurance markets on day 1 of the ACA
GOP Atty Grnls in 14 states sued the federal govmnt within days of the ACA bill passing.
And that destabilized the insurance industry?  BS.  The mandates did, nothing more.  Hey, where is my $2500 savings???
Your tweet Demonstrates your lack of knowledge of basic economics (supply, demand, and scarcity). Good luck finding arguing w/yourself
oh yes.  Government control and mandates are totally supply and demand.
Everything? Like the ACA, yes that takes away Healthcare.
If I was in your state I would vote you out
We're sooo glad you're not.
Who is this WE you speak of?  She has to go.
ACA took away my care, a few times. It's awful and has to go.
ivanka, está prohibido "pasar" a la Senadora.
Take away, or give them the freedom to opt out?
So where is your solution?  Stop the blathering to empty chairs and get to work.
Quit resisting and do something I can't use my health care because my deductible is $10.000 and I am paying $2000 per month SAD OC no good!
Not true.
You're doing the right thing! Fight like our lives depend on. It matters to the ppl of Michigan #ResistTrumpcare #BRCA
Where was your concern over that last 7 yrs that we have been screwed? #DumpDebbie2018
i do NOT believe you ole debbie. come n kid rock!!!
Democrats passed the failing abomination of ACA/Obamacare in the first place.  The people of Michigan have been lied to by you repeatedly!
Government should not even be in the H C business all u do is screw it up look at ur Obamacare plan it's imploding Kid Rock for senator
So you are saying millions of MI residents would be prohibited from buying ins under GOP proposals? That is your position?
Obamacare has failed, and so will the obstructionists democrats in 2018 , dems pass a Russian bill ?? Great job
healthcare as YOU know it. far left democrats are good at one thing. LYING.
Please stay strong and vote no!!The Republican health plans are not compassionate nor fair to those who need coverage! No !Fight for us!
Can't believe politicians play with the lives of Americans. Why is this so hard....greed selfish people why?
Yep, a real dilemma if I ever saw one...take a few more minutes.
Vote her out!
Keep fighting, Senator! Your Michiganders appreciate you!
Thank you Senator for fighting for the people of Michigan. We will never forget this!! Michigan needs you  to remain strong!!
Thank you for fighting the fight, Senator.
Thank you Sen Stabenow!!! Keep fighting for us in Michigan!!
Thank you for standing up for us!
Why? Because they won't be forced to buy something they cannot afford?
LOL.  Millions?  So thats over 20% of the state.  Whose your quant person?
#Singlepayer #medicare for all or more #DemExit its the default starting position. Or you lose your job. Youre already on thin ice as it is.
Stab Me Now!!!!
But you didn't care about Michiganders when you voted no on @RandPaul's economic free zone amendment. #Hypocrite
YOu are being ignorant it won't take away anything those are based on people taking themselves of the mandated insurance. Stop the lies!
oh please!? Repeal and replace
Sen Stabenow makes her statement as if ACA provides affordable health care to all. But it doesn't.
"It's not perfect. Let's make it worse!!"
Debbie downer?  watch out for kid rock

Thank you for your support of people who most need it! There but for the grace of God go all of us!
Keep fighting the good fight for Michigan families.  We are with you!
Well we work for our insurance. Why should we suffer! Every abled person should work for what they get! Have pride go to work!
Meanwhile, the employer mandate is killing jobs, and forcing people to buy insurance or fining them is not in the spirit of a free nation!
Employers refuse to pay a living wage and refuse to subsidize healthcare. It's a lose/lose is hard working Americans. #savagery
Liberals and some GOP Senators must be some kind of stupid. You want ins you pay for it. Obamalamdingdong care needs to be REPEALED. Period.
Finally a Democrat with the Correct Statement!  Think, if you Support God and Country and President Trump, would Michigan be better off!
Give 'em hell, @SenStabenow!
The Republican mantra :

Make the vulnerable into monsters. 
Make the powerful into victims
Then pretend they are the BIG Tent Party
VOTE KID ROCK, Let's beat Debbie Downer.
Won't Happen. But Keep Living In That Fanasty.  - @IURadioNetwork
bet you bet against Trump and thought that would never happen.  Looks like you are the person in a fanasty world
Thank You, @SenStabenow! #ProudMichiganders Here!
Keep up the fight for us @SenStabenow !!!  Thank you for representing me!
Ms. Stabenow I have never even spoken to any Sen. Now I am telling you, thank you for fighting for me. I have only medicare/Medicaid...1
2...and yesterday I was told I have cancer. If I lose the insurance I have now...I am sure...it won't be good. So thank you, for fighting.
So sorry for your diagnosis.Am cancer patient myself. It's a tough diagnosis. Stay strong- keep fighting. We can do this!
Don't know any other way to do things. When you have a child, they come first. Even when grown. They still need us. Thank you.
Thank you for always fighting for the citizens of Michigan!
The KID will be taking ur place in election. Goodbye!!!!
Thank you, @SenStabenow
@Janfrog1 So proud of you! Please get them all on the same page so they can work together to get Healthcare for all!
Stay strong, you have my vote! #TheResistance
please show your support, this needs attention NOW !!!
Thank you Senator!
Thats because the Dems screwed it up and working people can no longer afford health insurance! You are responsible for millions dying
Liar,liar
Thank you @SenStabenow for everything you are doing.
Thank you for standing up for us!
I'm really disappointed  that we the people that pay  you and none of you care about the American People! greed/corruption/pocketbooks 
You politicians are such liars and manipulators!!!
Just wait until the $20 Trillion Gov't debt implodes, then they'll be taking away YOUR health care!
Agreed!
@KidRock will fix in 2019!
We should all be fighting with as much viger& determination for r NATIONS HEALTH,&WELL BEING as do FOR THE DEFENSE of r NATION.
Thank you Senator for fighting to ensure health care for the people of Michigan.
Reports indicate that the bulk of people who will have their "health care taken away" are folks who will choose to opt out minus the mandate
You're correct. The employer mandate helps hard working Americans afford healthcare whilst employers refuse to pay a living wage
You should be forced to use Obamacare.  Then you would understand.
@SenateDems
It'll never happen. He'll fizzle out. Those misdemeanor and that assault charge will go over like a bomb with most MI voters.
Thank you for standing up for all Americans who are appalled at this reckless legislation attempt.
Keep up the great work Senator. Keep fighting for us,
@SenateGOP The GOP will go down in flames of the take away health care #ByeGOP
Stay strong
Feature, not a bug.

