Senator this tweet #MakeAmericaSickAgain doesn't sound good coming from you considering we have children full of lead in Flint
especially when she had the chance to vote for @RandPaul's economic freezone amendment that would have helped.
Thats right!! I forgot about that Shelly.. another nail in her coffin for 2018
I can't wait. I only hope we get someone like Rand, Amash, or Massie to step up the the plate
Our Gov also could go up on charges for Flint...Hope we can get in some great senators yep..#draintheswamp
DUN PUT ALL YOUR EGGS IN 1 BASKET. NEUTRAL. FOOT IN MOUTH! EXT. SORE LOSER. POT CALLING THE "CATTLE" BLACK! SOUR GRAPES. DATA.
thank you. Keep speaking out
Thank your for coming to Warren to speak to us. Please #boycotttheinauguration on Friday and march with us on Saturday.
TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS Watching your vote!
#NotStabenow2019
DUN SHOOT THE MSSGER. JUST "WIND TALKING"!
you know that the Obama policies have lead to serious issues for health care and for a return for the economy. STOP lying!
Chaos is there now!! Premiums are going through the roof. Low income individuals can't afford it!!
Nothing as personal as a bill that comes every month, or inability to afford visiting your doctor. GOP in trouble with ACA.
If you attend the inauguration, you are supporting the GOP platform. BOYCOTT THE INAUGURATION.
almost 4 million lost their healthcare due to the ACA.  SO A NET LOSS OF 2 million.  Real nice.
#NotStabenow2019
Will you be attending the inauguration? Will you come to the Women's March on Saturday.
.@SenStabenow Enjoy your last two years in office...
#NotStabenow2019
Please keep fighting for your constituents, and for ALL Americans, Senator. We need Senator's like you more than ever now!
did you ask anyone if they wanted your lousey expensive Ocare plan! A resounding NO! Now it's your turn to suck an egg!
#NotStabenow2019
Stop fear mongering and support what the people of Mich voted for!    Do what WE want not what YOU want!  #DontReelectStabenow
#Not Stabenow2019
Fight. #RESISTANCE We support you.  Do not give up, ever. Fight.
the health care was sick and the government was sick with"Obamaist".  Dr. Trump will fix it.  Enjoy your last term in office.
#NotStabenow2019
champion an effort to cancel all Congressional Heath Benefits. That will get our attention #winbackthebase
I hope you do not attend the inauguration and take part in a protest instead. Stand with John Lewis
Thank you for all that you do!
Plz help @MunsonHealthcar in Cadillac. June they are no longer admitting pediatric patients. @SenGaryPeters @onetoughnerd
Killing my insurance is killing ME. I have lupus, now what??
would you like to pay my $1400 fine?

The GOP just voted to take healthcare from children? Seriously?
don't be a fool senator. Everyone knows that Obamacare doesn't work. Time for change.
#NotStabenow2019
I am one of the people on Obamacare terrified of what happens if they succeed in killing my health insurance.
I feel for you
- do whatever you can to prevent the ACA from going away!
you are my senator and I hope that you will do the right thing and boycott the inauguration!
stop repeal and replace-Rep. should be focused on security and listen to intelligence . Now we have another  FBI is on the hook
we are in chaos now!!
Thank you for standing up for ACA which has saved so many Americans' health and lives. There are so many of us who support u!
it's been here for 5 yrs an u an ur party did ZERO to fix increased HC cost. ZERO senator #keepamericabrokewithHCprem
Chaos has arrived.
stay strong!  thank you for keeping ALL Americans in your sights.
aren't you clever with your fake news.  You've made us sick for the last eight years
sorry, chaos has been here since T KENNEDY pushed HMO's down our throats.  That's the truth.
Please help us, women and children, adult children, contaception, pap exams, good care from our own doctors. Please help.
go to the auto show and pick up @SenGaryPeters  and brainstorm some ideas to give the people of Michigan a reason to keep you.
You must have ideas...between you and  @SenGaryPeters, you must have some ideas to be implemented and give you validation.
Minority status (yours) does not mean powerless, it means you have to work harder...help the Repubs solve this problem.
why is it your first response to inform your constituents of the evil of Repubs, rather than help solve the problem?
I can see by the replies that your "broad base" of support is asking for you to help find a better solution, not sling mud.
Why did Congress exempt themselves from being forced into ObamCare (ACA) if it's so wonderful? Paying  $3k / mo NOT AFFORDABLE!
Please do whatever you can to stop the republicans with all the horrible things they plan on doing including approving app'ts.
That chaos you talk about was created by Obamacare! A pack of lies, distortions and ineptitude from the start!
Thank you for continuing to fight for the best interests of all in Mi and US
As long as for-profit companies control what is charged for health care, too many will suffer. Work toward #SinglePayer please.
Thank you for standing up for ACA!
Who knows maybe they'll come up with something you'll sign up for. If obamacare is so great, how come no politicians are on it
Know what makes America sick?  Congress & lobbyists.  Americans demand "term limits"  serving should B a patriotic privilege.
~ Senator:a HELL of a lot more than Chaos is coming. We will NOT allow a Fascist takeover even if it means a Civil War!
It cant get worse than rationing and euthanizing our elderly. This can. no longer be denied
If the Affordable Care Act/Obama Care is so great, why are you exempt from it?
.@SenStabenow Chaos is what ObamaCare gave us... unless you think a $7,000 deductible is a good idea.
that is so ironic! And you think your leadership was better??? Bwahahaha
deb is a jerk who had a face lift at the peoples expense!
how fair is it for most of us to keep paying monthly premiums of $1200-$1300 with a $6000 deductible? Totally unaffordable
stop the repeal of ACA
Lame party line scare tactics. You created the mess now you should help shovel the .....and start over!
Chaos was evident within 6 months of instituting ACA! We were sold a lemon! The lemon is rotten now! get rid of it.
Stop the political BS.  Join with the republicans to make healthcare better. Obamacare has become way too expensive.
weird how healthcare became a problem once our government got involved.
Its your fault Senator. Sanders was a better candidate, but you conspired against him. Thanks. I'm not voting for you again.
Please do something about the high premiums and deductibles! We will vote you out if you cannot fix this!
Does the GOP have a plan to replace current health care? They should. If not, millions will lose desperately needed coverage.
Doom and Gloom, no reaching across the aisle to solve the problem that your party created by Terrible management and oversight

Nothing fake about it. Repeal will hurt sick people + throw healthcare for working poor into disarray. Way 2 go GOP!
Election is over - stop using the scare tactics - it is really old.  Try helping to develop a health plan that works.
stay strong!  Stay healthy!
Senator Stabenow, could you be more specific about what your expectations are? As a constituent im surprised at this mudslingin
You and others in Washington had better plan to fight it rather than announce it's inevitability!
fear-mongering
