
If they spent HALF their efforts into Hillary as they do this imaginary Russia thing 
You call it imaginary when there has already been people removed from positions & clear violations of vetting process. Take the blinders off
This ridiculous attempt to close your eyes and wish this scandal away to justify voting for a con man has got to end. He was NEVER fit....
...for job. He has reversed position, broken promises or failed at every significant  move he's attempted. Not because of Obama, democrats..
...or the media. He is INCOMPETENT, a pathological liar, not a quarter of intelligent as he would have you believe and his only interest...
...is enriching his personal fortunes. You are a piece to be played in a shell game & until choose to get a clue (they are free afterall)...
It's funny how when people tweet to support the pres. they say it must be a bot. Guess you already forgot the "HUGE" RED map after election!
Absolutely they oppose it. Keep giving our tax $$$ away. Special interest became entitlement programs for non profits!
The elderly who has voted for Trump picked a rock to hit there own head. Then we gotta fix it for them?
jack/\ss liberals ruining America for power, #greed and hate, these are #fraudulent mob organization stealing money #HATECRIMES #Liberals
Why I will never sign up for AARP.
Lobbying groups will not support any bill short of taxpayer funded healthcare for everyone except actual taxpayers.
They both make money off of it. Of course they want Obamacare.
We The People don't and elections have consequences We Won Barack Hussein Obama.  #CNN
AARP has been pro OBAMACARE from Day 1
Not sure about AMA but would guess not
Thanks. Have yet to meet a doc that is pro OCare. Why don't these feuding parties, Ryan, Prez, Caucus, Tuesday, etc. just let Docs decide it
Of course they do...they get kickbacks
I cancelled AARP because of There politics led by Executive Director who was big supporter of Obama and Dems,still are! Refuse to give$NoRep
When AARP originally supported Obamacare i cut my membership card into little pieces and mailed it back to the traitors of senior citizens.
The problem is though the same elderly who is complaining now has voted for Trump
AARP also donates millions of $ to the liberal agendas!
They are Commies. Don't represent us
That's why I repealed AARP seven years ago
Me, too
No news there . They were all about Obamacare . $$$ and they do not like Trump .
AMA is a mess,doesn't even represent majority of Docs! Lot of Docs who work for Hosp,Academics,Insurance co. are usually ones sup Obamacare
AARP took millions from.obamacare..
they must. E on the right track then

@JoeNBC @morningmika @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan @RepKevinBrady   Are you listening Boys?  2018 & 2020 is coming for you guys
The AMA ... not always has the best interests of doctors.
'Unexpected'.
RUSH RUSH RUSH ,the New healthcare plan is being rushed to PLEASE the President 100 day ego.SHAME  on THEM
Wow. Reading these tweets it looks like someone unlocked the kennel or the Bot mobile. How can anyone attack AARP?
Universal health care should for citizens no premiums should forced on us when it should be right just like voting
Good
Screw the AMA and AARP.
AARP, AMA, TOTAL FRAUDS!!!!!
Charles, have you read the new proposal? We're screwed if it passes. It worse than the first.
The latest TrumpCare is so huge a pile of shit,they are exempting congress from it. BIG NO VOTE on this!
Congress also exempt from Obamacare, take your ritcheous indignation to the streets of UC Berkley
Par for the Course-
Yes, because the AMA AND AARP are making big bucks off of O care!!! Could care less about the high premiums & high deductibles for Americans
Because they're all making money off it!!!!
AARP is a huge Scam Group ! They charge a membership fee to promote deals where they get a Kickback  plus your member fees !
AARP is ran by democrat hacks that are worried about their bottom line. THEY HAVE NEVER BEEN ANYTHING ELSE. If your a member you are dumb!!
AMA doesn't represent most US doctors.  They supported O'care and most doctors didn't!
If they oppose it that means we are on the right track.
Didn't Trump promised to get rid of the lobbying shit?
Of course.
Who cares what they appose it's about what the people voted for
Must be a good thing if they are both against it. 
#corruption
Well DUH the asses at @AARP are making BILLIONS supporting it despite their members' objections. AMAC is better. @MatureAmericans
that must mean it's a good bill.
Lobbyists who made millions will be affected.  #Swamp.
both groups officially endorsed ObamaCare and AARP made money off of it - no wonder they oppose the new plan
Because they lobbied for it. So no surprise here
Of course both organizations on the dole


LIAR!
yes, and they represent a lot of people!!
No
AARP members tend to take every opportunity to vote.
AARP is the biggest scam going. They profit off selling seniors a bill of goods. They fully supported the disaster that was Obamacare.
They sure did. Biggest scammers ever and fear mongers. They prey on the seniors.
@randyprine or you're coveted, but the premium will be six times what you make.
Now if big pharma comes out against it we would know it is a great plan. What's good for lobbyists is bad for the rest of us.
So FYI guys, if you get old or get cancer, high blood pressure, diabetes, etc and the bill passes it's pre existing and your not covered!
Keep Up the Heat AARP!!!
Follow the money.
Of course they do! You know they make money off that system. Lobbyists go home. They don't represent me!
http://trump2017.weebly.com/ 
