Here is how we can lower health care costs and subsequent premiums.
Perhaps ironically, a strong primary care system is what they have in Cuba. Why they have > health outcomes than much wealthier US.
Actually, my proposal is based on a mix of Spain and Switzerland
You are forgetting overhead. Cost of overhead is crazy! One nationalized EMR would help this a lot!
I have a relative who works for Blue Cross and says everyone feels locked in there because of how much they're paid. She'll also have health
Selling their souls...
I would like to see a health care plan that covers all.  Congress, veterans, the poor, seniors would all get this plan
Yes! Please work with @SenCapito @SenatorCollins & @lisamurkowski opening here to fix #healthcare. American people need win, not party
Thank you Senator for always sticking up for working people!
Senator Stabenow, you made our State proud this morning exhibiting true leadership skills-glad we have you
HaHa, you're gonna lose to @KidRock.
Michigan is a mess vote Kid Rock
Senator Spendalot LOVES obamacare (keep yer Dr.)  BUT FIGHTS AGAINST MICHIGANDERS! STAB IS SLOWWALKING A HOMEGIRL http://dailysignal.com/2017/07/11/the-stalling-technique-2-democrats-are-using-to-block-a-conservative-judge/?utm_source=TDS_Email&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Top5&mkt_tok=eyJpIjoiWldZM05XVmxORFl3T0dWbCIsInQiOiJXQ3U2Q0M2czJETGVRZTBkUVByVXlmU3BwalVTRVd1VjFWQkVpM2xTUTlZaVZZNFdTZmRpa1wvbmduY2FHK0JYdHA0NG0rc2VyQnhDR0o4S1wvRzltWll4Vk5mSSt2UEkwTjE2bllRdEVOeUdaSXVzVmw4YTlmeHQxOVVEOXVyblRaIn0%3D …
Big government created the problem. Don't ask for more big government for the fix.
We need Medicare for all.
#CharlieGard
My vote goes to Kid ROCK
Why should others pay for my healthcare?
we need to work? you need to work like you're supposed to be working for us you're so bad you're going to let Kid Rock take your job
So Michigan is to provide an economic model.....interesting
Kid Rock is gonna wipe the Fing FLOOR with your liberal Anti DJT Anti American ASSWatch out Maxine $4.5 million dollar mansion W
Justice Joan Larsen deserves your support. Enough with the stonewalling and get to work for Michigan!
#KIDROCK
#KidRock
U voted for OCare...it's a disaster and u know it! Go Kid Rock Go @KidRock !
vote #KidRockForSenate
Can only hope!
Cuba has excellent medical schools. Its main export is medical doctors which most of the world appreciates.
Vote no on Trumpcare! It is a tax break for rich and we need to raise taxes on those lazy rich.
Hello my dear friend how are you doing over there today i'm david henrich by name i'm from new jersey united state
Thank you @SenStabenow!  US health care is too expensive.
Affordable healthcare is one thing, it is something entirely different to expect the govt to pay for your healthcare.
That is socialism.
So who pays when an uninsured person ends up in the emergency room?
The employer & individual mandate is a bad deal for our nation. Socialized medicine is doomed to fail, that's exactly why Obamacare is dead.
Obama Care is pathetic. The working people should not have to pay for the lazy people. Plus pay for his own.
Michigan voted Trump.  REPEAL Obamacare.  Let free market capitalism work.  Government should be Laissez Faire with health care/insurance.
The radical Republicans dont have a health care bill...its a hate care bill.
Obamacare was a bad deal for Michigan, but you back it. When is the bipartisan going to stop. Take action, Schumer represents NY not MI.
Remember what sucking up to minorities did for HRC ?
kid rock---yeah!!!!
I hope Kid Rock takes Michigan, in the next election.
U voted 4 it to begin with.  Don't blame Republicans , such a Dem move.
How come u voted 4 OBama care to begin with?  Don't blame this on us.  Such a dem move.
what would YOU know about good and bad deals ?   you wrecked the health care industry and now you refuse to fix it ?
Seriously, your a joke.
ObamaCare was a bad deal for Michigan.
You wouldn't need to reduce those costs if you hadn't forced ObamaCare on us. Just sayin
You tell them Thank you for standing up and telling Senators this a NO.

Get government out of Healthcare and that includes setting the rates.
Well get to work.
Thank you! Full support!
Wow! Brilliant! Where the hell have you been the last 7 years as premiums skyrocketed and choices diminished under O'Care?
Like you drive down the premiums for Obamacare!
Republicans had 7 years to craft a plan to replace Obamacare. Instead we keep seeing a Dickensian retread  they think we'll accept.
Pray tell @SenStabenow what exactly are you doing to make that happen? I'm pretty sure you are doing nothing.     Vote her out 2018!
Why? Dies the current system suck?
Thank you, Senator!  Let me know if you need more cute pictures of Michiganders who have benefitted directly from the ACA. #SaveACA
Yep much like a do nothing
Can you get it done because GOP plan is downright rude and disgusting
Yes!
Defeat this and then study these places and adopt their systems to US -
Thank you for continuing to speak out
We need single payer.  As one of your constituents, I urge you to push for it, after you defeat this monstrous legislation.
Need to stop half stepping, ACA was a compromise Republican plan with faults that worked for a minute
1 payer no Insurance Co better answer
You and the democrats caused this problem
But they listened to nancy pelosi who said we need to enact this into law to see whats in it?  WTF kinda logic is that?
Crazy logic for sure
Crazy NO logic better
Save ACA
Thank you for fighting for us.
