No surprise, costs are going up!
costs are going up? haven't the Republicans said this whole time that costs would go up because of this failed HC bill? #responsibility
lol
There are no surprises for sure when health care plans are unhealthy food our people from the start!
Wouldn't it be nice if people could afford healthy food, so they wouldn't have health problems? Something like a living minimum wage?
Yes it would. Good nutrition helps keep people healthy.
Plz push for single payer like every other country Debbie.
Is the child in the video supposed to be you? Healthcare is collapsing because you passed that bill without reading it...
Who builds a giant Jenga for a small child to get mashed in the face with. What a horrid Gif. Seriously
Quit supporting the FDA defense in MI. DO SOMETHING!  have all those contributions from BIG AG (that own Rx Co) gagged you?  Yes they have.
You're just knee-jerk anti-republican, anti-Trump no matter what.  Can u think for yourself?  U really think your supporters buy this crap?
Sure looks like Obamacare collapsing . You can keep your Doctor if you want too. Each family will receive a savings of $2,500. Lies
Really??? And you complain about immaturity???  Obama care is still in force. Projecting is an art and you do it well.
Obamacare needs no help to colapse. It was designed to colapse. Its horrendous. Premiums skyrocketing with unafforable deductibles.
~collapse~
Not like any of you dummies in office will try to help out to improve the collapsing plan. What are you doing?
If you look closely you can see the Democratic hand sabotaging him as he tries to carefully extract the right legislation.
What is wrong with you, Senator?! Same thing that's wrong w/the parents of that little boy! What were they thinking?! You don't represent MI
Why are you criticizing instead of working on a solution. We elected you to work for America. Stop thiis, repeal and replace
You lost over 1200 seats nationwide under obama and are getting beat in every election. Who is collapsing, moron?
I think letting a child play with wooden blocks is one of the meanest things I have ever see to make a point about health care from a senato
what healthcare?
THIS IS THE OBAMACARE COLLAPSE FOR SURE.I TOOK THOSE BAD DRUGS THAT MADE ME SICK-NEVER SICK B4- I FIGHT TO SURVIVE 2 THIS DAY-FIX F.D.A. NOW
What kind of horrible person finds a small child getting bashed in the face funny? (Besides Booker and Stabenow)  Absolutely horrible.
GOT NEWS FOR U LADY- YOU THE DEMOCRATS-HELPED 8YRS OF OBAMAS INFO ON BAD DRUGS ON MARKET,IN FOOD- I WROTE MYSELF TO WH- YOU DID NOTHING !!!
Quit sensationalizing. Obamacare was collapsing on its own. 535 members of Congress are responsible for the problems we face, and you're it.
So you filmed it instead of intervening.
You find this video funny?   Illustrative?  Meh
You guys gave us that piece of crap law you should get in there and honestly help fix it!
@CoryBooker  reminds me how Obamacare is collapsing all over the country...
Obamacare is collapsing on its own, so don't lie about it
@TuckerCarlson what do you think of this horrible ad tweeted by senator Debbie stabenow?
Do you feel good about showing a child being hurt? I can't wait till 2018, to hopefully get a senator that wants to work and not complain
The architect of ACA, Jonathon Gruber, said that Americans would go for it because they were stupid. Why did you vote for it?
Your video is disturbing...poor choice, make me question your judgement!
Really, Senator?  Obamacare is collapsing because it was designed to.  Single payer health insurance was the Dem party goal from the start.
yes little children getting hit in the face.
I just can't wait for 2018. Vote her out. She does nothing for Michigan.
To be fair, that kid isn't actually trying to destroy everything. Republicans are doing it by design.
yeah, who built that stack?
Why did you sign a bill that was destined for failure?  Makes you look a bit silly?
You're mistaken. That's Obamacare's premiums killing families every single day.
Healthcare collapse is Obama care. Do I need to educate you on what we are operating on. It is O-Care dear. Ocare is collapsing. Good job.
Okay try is....brick is the cbo, the women is "McConnell" because it knows Freedom¡ & the Kid is the "democrats tryin to amend ObamaCare" ¿
Holy cow, who built Jenga out of 2x4's for small children?
Keep collapsing Obamacare and save his legacy. Please!!!!
Obummercare kills.
Bull.
I just remembered...That's the same clip I saw on Nov. 8th when Hillary's world cam crashing down.
What other stupid analogy would be made by a Democrat?
So, do your part and be part of the solution instead of being part of the problem.
Even the child is cautious here damn the administration have a  f the reality
Trump care is slavery for the poor and middle class. It billionaire care.
Typical Democratic backer-loves LGBT's,Socialism, and swims in the academic cess pool.
That's a HORRIBLE photo of child being smashed in his face with blocks of lumber.  Seriously?  Wow.
My Dr. of 10 yrs recently stopped accepting insurance because of ACA mandates. It doesn't just effect people on Obamacare.
He was going to do that anyway.  Boutique medicine has been a thing for 15 years at least.
ACA destined to collapse by design. Wheels started coming off long before Trump. Be part of the solution, not part of the problem.
You are missing a few issues.  It's so hard to undo because it was designed NOT to collapse.  If Reps hadn't played with the CSRs.....
ohh snap! that was soo wrong and funney at same time... 
The perfect GIF to describe it.
I like it very true
Thank you senator. Also very on point with the meme 
I find it ridiculous that you would use a video of a child getting hurt #NoClass
You libs already did that. Tell the truth Obama care needs a bail out. TELL THE TRUTH LIAR!
Calm the heck down.
I am calm lol just mad that they are lying. They want Americans to bail out Obama care LMAO Trash care i should say.
That looks so painful! 
Respectfully, what have you in particular proposed to stop it from collapsing? This isn't cute. It's wrecking families, Senator.
You are aware that healthcare was collapsing before Trump was even elected? #SocialismDoesNotWork
@SenStabenow this is what Michigan has looked like for the eight years Obama and Dems where in power.
Do us all a favor and show your support for Gov. Snyder by drinking copious amounts of tap water in Flint!
You got it all wrong. It's Obamacare that is collapsing , but too blind to see it.
Are you serious? ACA is collapsing leaving countless in a lurch and this is what you say? As a new MI res, im disgusted. 2018, you are DONE.
No she is going no where this was funny we need a little humor.
Not funny for ppl paying more for health ins than a mortgage. And she's toast.
They need to fix ACA but no one will be better off with republicans bill.
Showing a child being hurt for political gain - and people are supposed to trust this witch?
Oh no! You must include a disclaimer: using a young child's inabilities to get a laugh isn't intentional and child really isn't being mocked
Your a bought and paid for politician. What have you done for MI besides side with socalist policies.
The point is that Obamacare is collapsing do you care about the people of Michigan we are suffering stop political agenda and help fix
Please compare Obamacare to Trumpcare then tell me which one is best for the ppl oF MI and the country
Socialized medicine has been tried all over the world total failure is that what you want for the American people
Sorry but that wasn't my question and I'm sure Canada and Great Britain would disagree on your opinion
I caint wait to get out of Michigan
That is exactly what it looked like when you passed ACA.
Even he agrees with you!

