Sadly it actually does represent a large portion as look at the scum currently living in the WH
#sayhisname
Enjoy your time left Debbie, you are on your way out!! #MakeMichiganGreatAgain
Also you responded to anti racism message with that does @KidRock support Nazis?
Ah insults signs of a weak position Seriously why do you think they will MAGA unless you're referring to the 1900s policies he seems to like
I guess the old saying is true.....just cant fix stupid.....good luck
Guess you can't stand the heat so maybe get out of politics? Because I'm just a redneck wait to the professional types get to you
Ha....snowflakes like you dont scare me 
I don't need to scare I won once you started name calling. By the way you need to get better at that I have heard much worse
#ImpeachTrump
Thank you for speaking up on this horrific violence.
And BLM too..and #resist rioters also! End HATE
Can you condemn the white supremacists more specifically? The car attack terrorism needs to be addressed.
It "could be workplace violence" like San Bernadino.
The race riots were 50 years ago, and we still have hatred and violence. #Charlottesville #StopTheHate #AmericaUnite
No BLM, No KKK, No #Resist , No Nazis, No Islam...No Hate
Three days and still no comment from Robert Ritchie.
What about the violence in North Dakota at ,"Standing Rock," against Native Americans ? Amy Goodman reported it and was arrested.
And what are you (we) going to do about it?
You need to speak out against Trump's remarks today. You need to call him out.
Thank you for speaking out consistently against bigotry, hatred & violence. - A grateful constituent
Yes and BLM as well as #resist rioters. Speak out against all hate
Great to see you at the Ann Arbor rally!
Baloney, Democrats have been pushing race division political tactics for decades. Hypocrite.  LBJ and the Democrats codified racial bigotry
So when will the Senate confront this president?
YOU can do something, what are YOU going to do? #HelpthisCountry #DontbelikeTrump
Do you also stand against those that create violence to stop speech you disagree with?
It's white supremacy. They are Nazis. Call it what it is. Don't pull punches on this.
Did we eversay there is no racism? My backing BLM is proof...fry em like Bacon Baby!
Speak out against #resist! Their hate is not ok
Then stop espousing it with your violent rhetoric about our president, and your moves to prevent christians from exercising their faith
It does not represent what we should be. Unfortunately, it does represent the ugly truth of who some of America is, amplified by ugly POTUS.
 Racism & hatred have been a part of what America is for...ever. This is Nazi domestic terrorism. Let's stand together and SPEAK LOUDLY.
Not too loudly, we got BLM, #resist and Islamists still out there!
Thank you, Senator! Too bad we have a @POTUS and @repdavetrott who refuse to harshly condemn domestic terrorism.
I told you San Bernadino could be workplace violence and you suckers believed me! I love controlling the press.
Platitudes do not help here. You're our "leader" from Michigan. For goodness sake do something, don't just say how sorry you are. Stand up.
Denounce Trump and his minions and mushy mouthed hate speech.  Get on TV, tell him and the world that he's the one who let these people out.
Keep up the hate...remember, we're watching you!
Please do something.  You represent me and I want more than a tweet with platitudes saying "oh, this isn't us". Denounce Trump.
She does what shes told! Thats how it works. Globalist tell us and we obey...always watching.
It represents Trump's America and your head is on the sand if you think differently.  He's opened the door for these miscreants to come out.
Please work with your colleagues to craft/sign a letter demanding Trump to specifically and unequivocally denounce white supremacist groups.
Im starting to think that's EXACTLY who we are or Donald Trump would not be in the whitehouse and the GOP supports him
Thank you for speaking out but please do more. You have the platform and the privilege to do so.
Dear Senator, Democrats may be united in our love of America and our hopes for a better future. The GOP and Republicans want us dead! WakeUp

Well said. Praying the hate goes away.
Thank you for speaking out. Please also use your leadership position to demand the DOJ investigate under Civil Rights statutes.
I stand against your virtue signaling
Thank you
You and your fellow Senators also need to condemn him for today, his irresponsible rhetoric with NK and all he is doing. ACT
You need to say it, Senator.  KKK, White Supremicists, Nazis.
I am beginning to have doubts about that. 
Democrats and the rioters for hire paid by George Soros are fueling a divided America
Senator. If that's true then we need th democrats in congress to stop their violent and dangerous rhetoric #MAGA
Thank you for sharing your sentiments Senator Stabenow.  There is no place for acceptance of racism and hate in our beloved nation.
Except my BLM, #Resist Rioters and Islamists
you are all cozy with it when the left does it and all that isn't us crap when the right does it. Can't have it both ways.
It's the Dem party that has been pushing & supporting violence since the election..from Schumer..Pelosi..Walters.Lynch & Obama!
Scalise shooting, Portland Train Stabbing, Berkley Riots. #Resist. Reap what you sow
you are ridiculous, and your #Phony PC words don't work any more. Corrupt politicians are not OUR values.
Meanwhile your opponent @KidRock.  @SenStabenow
not gonna catch The Detroit Rider
Kenny Chesney surprises crowd with Kid Rock in Detroit, MI http://fb.me/29oGSEn3L 
It's also disgraceful!
It's also disgraceful! :(
Thank you, senator. Please do not let these words be your only action against these reprehensible crimes.
It's only words..she is part of Dem party that is pushing & supporting the violence since the election..
thank you Sen.Debbie Stabenow
What's next for my country concentration camps and forced laborto support our xenophobic president and his party the new nazis
really?  How about speaking out on Antifa?  So quiet on tht and BLM as well
Tell Trump to do the same.
Thank you, Senator Stabenow. Please work to impeach Trump.
It's people like you that cause violence. Trump is your president..show some respect!!!!!
Trump's rhetoric is coming to pass white terrorist are actually saying heil trump is he the new Hitler of the GOP nazism in the government
Do you also condemn the violence and hatred through our country by #ANTIFA and other Leftist groups since the Election?
antifa and leftists literally wouldn't have to be violent if nazis didn't feel empowered to take to the streets with their racism
People like you are what's wrong with this country.  No violence is right. SMH
yes we should just keep letting nazis march in the streets and do nothing. worked out well 70 years ago 
LOL Typical remark coming from someone like you. So predictable.  You people love violence.
typical response from a racist to look the other way!
And when someone doesn't have anything else to come up with they yell racist.  LOL  Sorry you had such terrible parents. It shows.
When will you condemn Antifa?
Stand for getting that orange monster out of the white house NOW!
You're about to lose your job
