This must be what you mean when you say, "Be kind to each other."  Thank you.
Moms are awesome.  she will be missed
Is there nobody monitoring the contents of these . If so you should be fired.
Love and prayers
She was a great lady
I find this a bit interesting because she was born a few years after titanic sank. But bless her soul.

This Democrat Is still saying rest in peace Barbara Bush!
What does you being a democrat have to do with this?
You are so kind and very generous.  I am so happy I'm not the only one that wears saddle shoes.  Mine are pink. Looking for brown suede ones,can't find them.
Love to the bush family from heather.
I wonder if she ever scolded her son for waging a war based on total lies... or if she was just like "its ok George, you killed Saddam for daddy, and that is all that matters."
Get real do you really need to throw negative at someone who has just past away  not right
dont be judging http://people.be  kind to one another.

Glad you took the high road Ellen. I haven’t seen any tweets from other talk show host like Kimmel or Fallon.
What a powerful former First Lady! May she Rest In Peace! God be with the family!
your best show ever was having @JennaBushHager and calling her dad and asking to call her grandad
How did I miss that episode?!
. It's on YouTube. It's so cute. Jenna . Long before she became a wife, Today show & mother Lol
My condolences go out to the president and their family. Rest in peace
She was a racist. Now she is racist worm food.

https://soundcloud.com/user-688125637/yellows …
Amen
Sent?
You're awesome and you know that
Wanna stop gun violence? Stop home invasions? Make outdoor events safe finally? #theellenshow #oprah #mcuban #thesharkdaymond #barbaracorcoran #kevinolearytv #richardbranson #aplusk #jimmykimmel.#iamsteveharveytv contact me and we can do it together

Ohh how lovely
Condolence to the family bush 
What a horrible horrible women it’s a shame u love her
Ellen I love you, but you're part of the problem in this world. And you're super good friends with #HRC so that can't be a good thing. And to think at the end of all your episodes you say Be kind to one another. #gtfo
Rest in peace Barbara Bush.
My condolences to the Bush family 
Don't be fake...
Agreed!!!

I love yo Ellen!!

May she RIP 

Few people have been liked and admired as well on both sides of the political fence as Barbara Bush has. My heartfelt condolences go out to her family.
@randajarrar.   Ellen is classy. Those posting replies here are classy. You are not.
Rest in eternal peace
Your show sucks
Oh Ellen, He just signed a bill to be able to kill baby bear cubs. How can 
This be happening.
She was an incredible woman


Thank you for leaving politics out of the discussion. She really was an amazing woman no matter what you believe politically.
Help me on my gofund me
The same family you & media joked about when her son was the president! She hated the media & all comedians who were viscous to Bush during @GWBLibrary presidency!
RIP Barbara Bush
You should be the next #usapresident @theellenshow
You should be the next #uspresident @ellen DeGeneres
One classy and dedicated lady for sure! May she rest in peace. 
Sad
Yep, she gave birth to Satans son. Let us celebrate her brilliance.
in the '90's, I was a nurse at a shelter for children w/HIV/AIDs. This was when most people were afraid of anyone HIV+.
Barbara Bush visited & hugged & kissed all the babies! She brought much needed attention & funding. Nothing but respect.
تحزنون لسيده عجووز عاشت في نعيما طول عمرها حتى خنازيرها وكلابها عاشت افضل من الملايين الذين قتلوو في سوريا والعراق وافغانستان انتم دوله الارهاب والمجاعه والقتل والقصف والاباده
We would love to work for you! Bodyguard service; tax free. #501-c3Certified
@TheEllenShow #BarbaraBush was beloved by all Texans Democrat & Republican.  She will be missed.

Barbara Bush is a shining example that America will do anything to defend the complicity of white women.
SO SAD WHAT A LOSS BARBRA BUSH WAS SUCH
A WONDERFULL PERSON RIP BARBRA!
She is a very classy woman!! One of the BEST 1ST LADIES EVER in the White House. She will be very missed!! Prayers to all her family! We Love you Barbara & George W.
Praying for the family’s
She was 1 of the BEST 1ST LADIES EVER!!!! She is  a very classy woman. She will be missed greatly!!! Prayers to all her family!! We love you!!
Her passing is eloquent. Asked for nothing. True!
Rip Barbara
Well said
@TheEllenShow Barbara Bush had a graceful sense of humor about her. She will be truly missed.
Prayers to the Bush family 

She did a job well done.  Did good in this world. Thank you very much Mrs.Bush.
Please remember, regardless of politics, she was a wife, mother, grandmother, and great-grandmother. To them, that is all she was, not the First Lady or a political figure, so please show some respect. You wouldn’t want someone to say that about your family.
shut up
So sad. 
Ehhhhhh ...that family is something huh ....
To family so sorry for your loss Rest In Peace First Lady Bush
RIP. Praying for the family.
How exactly do you send that? In a box? Maybe a poster tube? Or in the form of a very large cookie? 
A very diplomatic comment!
May she burn in the deepest pits of hell
Wtf is wrong with you?
Yes, I do believe your an idiot. Speaking ill of the dead is truly classless. George H. liberated Kuwait and stopped. No other drama in his presidency. Now George W’s actions in the Middle East are at least debatable. But not his mother’s fault
Ha! You’re more cnn princess. Big bad ass keyboard warrior. Hurry up, mom’s calling you up from the basement for your nighttime snack
Lol you must think the Middle East had weapons of mass destruction too huh and 9/11 was the Muslims ? Lmao idiot
Oh boy...take the tin foil hat off. The aliens aren’t trying to get any info from you
A treasure for me Ellen. RIP to a classy, beautiful lady.
May her memory be for a blessing...
May She R.I.P 
Difficult to speak badly of Barbara Bush, in any way ; in public, she never spoke badly of others.
Not so sure about this one

She supported her war criminal son.  I just don't get the applause.  Vicious politics supporting Reagan and the right.  Then enforcing policies against poor people c her husband and son.
Because, she’s dead finally ? I dunno, her husband and son killed millions- fuck them all
aaaaand this is exactly what is wrong with America...
You know I have to agree with Rob. You are replying to a women who has been a pioneer of LGBT rights. Take her example or don’t say anything at all. Sincerely a fellow liberal.
Citations on her being a pioneer please. Otherwise I call bullshit. Her husband was VP during the AIDS crisis. How did she help ? Fuck the left, and double fuck the right.
I was talking about Ellen being the pioneer. Learn to follow a thread
Aaaah, missed the word ‘replying’ and just went off on you agreeing I’m what’s wrong with ‘Murcia. 
No, fuck you too @TheEllenShow 
[I gave the image a warm tone, to lighten up the fact she downplayed all the dead, brown people]
Ok well grow up

Classy Lady
One heck of a b.b. gun, in a World of aircraft carriers! Take Care, see you again.
she was sweet but her boys killed a lot of people
Yeah, her sweetness really outweighs all the dead brown people
~She leaves an extensive legacy from a very full and passionate life. My prayers to her family also. #Safetravels
Lots of dead people in the Middle East, what a legacy
Ri Paradise

Definitely!!!
Well, aren't you just the super-classiest?
Wonderful woman
Barbara Bush:
•92 yrs old
•Married to George HW Bush for 72 yrs
•2nd in history to be wife, mother of a president (Abigail Adams)
•6 children, 17 grandchildren, 7 great-grandchildren
•Foundation for Family Literacy: $40M+ to support 1k+ programs
•WH codename: Tranquility
RIP #BarbaraBush
She was so humble
@TheEllenShow I send affection 
