Omj!! What is this .I juuusst love her
Amazing
WOW
Pure prodigy ,in few years this kid will be a sensation.
Instant Goosebumps
OMG a  is born above all other starts. Amazing!
Such a talented and beautiful young lady.
Wow! What a strong powerful voice,  full of emotion and gravel. Especially from one so young!
She is incredible
Beautiful princess with a beautiful voice.  May she continues to be blessed with divine health and wealth.  Blessings to her and her family and friends
@pedersen_denise  carried over from a past life
Thank you Ellen and #littlebigshots for the video with Charlotte.I follow you from Madrid Spain and Steve Harveyshows as http://well.You  are cool.And Steve is absolutely marvelous with the kids
The voice 
# SUCH A POWER FULL VOICE, NO DOUBT ABOUT HER, GREAT FUTURE IN THE MUSIC INDUSTRY.
She is Amazing!!!
Amazing...... She is really talented girl .....
Girl has got it!!!
OMG!!!!! Unbelievably awesome!!!!
Lol how are you doing
I’m getting by...facing a couple  health challenges right now. But I’ll get thru them. And still trying to promote my first published book of poetry! Thanks for asking! How are you doing, Ellen?
I’m doing good and you ?
This is a mans world, sing charllot
Awesome !!!
Totally blown away
Damn. Future star for sure right there.
wowo
Wow!!!
Magistral
That's a future right there!!!  DAMN  GIRL!!!
Talk about some pipes!!
She needs to get together with the kid that played Bass guitar!!
AMAZING!
WOW....Good little sister !!
es portentosa esa niña.mon die!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Charlotte just proved that it's a "Girl's World!"  WOW!!!  Unexplainable talent, poise... singing a song with the soul of a woman
She was amazing!  I couldn’t believe a voice like hers came out of petite young lady. I hopes she is able to follow her dreams and be at the top of the charts
Wowzer!!! She is amazing.
Bravo!  Charlotte.
Screaming right now......
 Young princess of soul.
So much soul power, charisma and originality.  You told that story perfectly...your future...so bright it's shing right now.
All God's best for you. 
KEEP YO LIGHT ON..
She killed it
She is awesome.
Wooooooooo
So perfect, she was in control and lots of confidence
Amazing!
Wow, the vocals, spot on!

She’s the next Christina aguilera
Omg this made my day 
This girl needs to be on your show and when she is 13 she needs to go on the voice! She was amazing! What a voice for such a little girl! Shes gonna be a star!
She is awesome
I wanna hear her song more
The next American idol
?

Isn’t that something. What talent such a young age.
Holy Cow!!  Respect girl!!
Tell me why you think it is funny to talk of assassinating our President..? If it was Obama you would not laugh.
Amazing
sexy clothing https://twitter.com/amanda_dear_swe 
She rocked it
Love is the greatest feeling. Sometimes we don't even see it because it's not wrapped in the prettiest package!
Really, Ellen c'mon, stop the lying!
Awesome!! So proud that she’s from 
Hello Ellen!!!! Brenda ( Houston)

I love your show  Im ur biggest fan here in phils...
Go Charlotte go!!! Try opera!!!
WHAT A VOICE ! SHE DESERVES A PLACE AT THE VERY TOP !!   
You're the best...
WTH???   
Amazing...
Amazing 

Damn she got a really good voice there.....
Geez......
Wow
I hope this girl never needs rehab.
Damn!!!!
WOWWWW #LittleBigShots
She’s amazing!!!!!
Well well well
Damn she's good.
 the future of cooking is here #steamways #microwaves #cooking #Food #SlowCookerSunday #healthy #hot #fresh #new #invention Website down 
Such a beautiful voice! 
Was that a threat, Ellen?
That is crazy! Unbelievable voice!


In mine you'll get blown away in all one big shot.five octave operatic tenor baby.
That's pretty cute honey be ready to be blown away and it's top of the line quality you can turn it up as high as you want baby you can also burn copies if you'd like.
Wow!!! Born to blow minds with her voice..... Brilliant....
Oh wow!! Charlotte was amazing!! You sing it Girl!
Saw show it was cute and great.
Incredible 
Uhh. Someone needs to sign this chick, she is gorgeous and can sing like a mofo AND SHE'S ONLY 11
#Inspiration
Im sick of Steve Harvey!
I love me some u Ellen
Wow! She is great!
No matter what Coast one is from. I think Little Big Shots has some VERY Talented Kids. More so then the Adult Shows(The Voice and America’s Got Talent)
That girl has a killer growl for as young as she is. She will be an unstoppable force for sure.
WWWWWOWWWWWW
That was extremely impressive! Fantastic!
Amazing Voice 
Amazing
Wait remember what happened with ani and your comment "there is going to be a rude awakening in the world one day" that made me laugh
WOW!!!
Incredible
@ArianaGrande :’((((( pls
Proven System For Success: Driving with an ad on your car

Advertise on your vehicle and earn passive income with our small, see thru ads on your back window. Drivers wanted for local and national campaigns.
Wow  
wow! amazing!
Total awesome..... applauds
@valeriaamayaorn
WTF!!!!
Seen that on my way to the hot tub.  Hot tub wins lol
Incredible!!! This girl is totally amazing!!! 
Reminds me of Christina Aguilara

Awesome

Life is profitable past present future.
Janis Joplin reincarnated?
~This is a good one, tonight. I mean their all.. umm, you get it.  #LittleBigShots
Could have an added vibrato #notimpressed
I’m shivering that was so good
Dammmmmit. Missed this. See American idol
@TheEllenShow LOVE YOU, Ellen!  really hope 2 meet u 1 day
#reversetaxcuts
How about blowing my mind by letting me be in the Ellen Show audience plus having Chris Pine sing on the show?
#PineNut

We need to make a difference with love 
Crazy J - Love Is What I’m Searching For (Audio)  https://youtu.be/fJ0SN3BIP4M  #ellen15
Please Help Me get on the @TheEllenShow  by retweet this Video #hiphop #Music #officialcrazyj #crazyj #ellenshow #tv #love #spreadlovenothate #support #pleaseellen #retweet #helpme #bekind #alwayslove …
