he opens the envelope and takes out the packet of documents. His iPhone rings as he reads the letter from the co-op board, “this is Brian,” he says 
as he reads through the letter about the purchase approval for his new co-op. Brian gets up from the kitchen table
he pushes the button and the elevator takes him down to the lobby. Brian types back a text message to Kristen as he walks through the lobby, he waves to the security guard as he walks over to the mailboxes. The security guard closes the newspaper on the front desk,
to his apartment, a large envelope from Curtis sits in front of the door and he picks it up. Brian opens the large envelope as he walks into his apartment, he sits down at the kitchen table to go through his mail. The large envelope has the new address for his co-op on the front,
His neighbor walks through the lobby and greets Brian before walking over to the elevator, “I took the rest of the day off, I’m going back to the pet hospital tomorrow,” Brian says as he walks over to the elevator. He takes the elevator up to his floor and walks down the hallway
Looking forward to it
Challenge to all celebrities who claim they can dance.... take on the odi dance challenge... I dare y'all..#1beliber
Ellen please ask Justin why he and Selena broke up we Helena fans are crushed... they should be together it's a match made in beautiful heaven...#teamjelena
BUTT I WANT TO WATCH Roseanne
#BB

This is Imani Davis. She's a 18 year old artist class of 2018. She's trying to earn scholarship money to go to OSU Oklahoma State University and all she needs is support to get in college. She loves Ellen. If you like…
Hi Ellen
I miss you Ellen. You were awesome before you became radicalized 

Jokes off the hook 84 degrees inside that's funny thanks
I'm a big fan

I will not be able to see splitting up together and little big shots as these two are not telecasted in India. We can only able to see your talk show two days after the date it was originally telecasted in America. You are awesome in that show. Love you always.
It’s really good
Labradors, I want another dog for the new co-op upstairs,” he says as he closes the leather briefcase. The security guard picks up the phone to dial a number, “Congratulations on the co-op purchase,” he says before dialing the number on the phone.
“I’m very sorry to hear about Frankie are you going to get another black Labrador?” he says as Brian closes his mailbox and walks to the front doors. Brian puts his mail in his leather briefcase, “I’m going to look into it and see if any of my patients are breeding black
Brian walks over to his bedroom and picks up his white lab coat before walking to the living room and taking his leather briefcase from the coffee table. A new text message appears on his iPhone from Kristen as Brian steps onto the elevator,
Brian walks down the polished wood floors on Curtis’ floor and puts the large envelope with all of the purchase documents underneath his front door. He walks back down the hallway and takes the elevator back down to his floor, he walks down the hallway to his apartment.
as he fills out the check. Ten minutes later, he finishes filling out the closing documents and puts them into the large envelope before walking out of his apartment and taking the elevator up to Curtis’ co-op.
he looks over at the aluminum dog bowls in the kitchen with Frankie’s dry dog food and water. He walks over to the living room and gets his checkbook from his leather briefcase to fill out the check for the co-op closing costs, the silver framed clock ticks on the wall
Curtis turns back to the Dell computer on the counter, “I’ll email you as soon as we’ve finished processing your paperwork,” Curtis says as he starts typing on the keyboard. Brian ends the call and finishes looking through all of the closing documents at the kitchen table,
You should be able to move into your co-op by the end of next week, she already finished moving out all of her furniture yesterday afternoon,” Curtis says as he looks at the x-ray of his patient’s spine. Brian signs one of the closing documents and takes another sip of iced tea.
with the check underneath your front door,” Brian says as he goes through 
the closing documents on the kitchen table. Curtis looks over at the x-ray monitor of his patient’s spine, “Great, I’ll deposit your check and submit all of your documents to the co-op board.
a wire for the other 75% of the co-op purchase with the loan disbursement,” Curtis says as he holds up an x-ray and slides it into the x-ray monitor. Brian reads one of the closing documents at the kitchen table, “I’ll finish signing all of the documents and put the envelope
over to the kitchen table. Brian takes a sip of iced tea and looks at the financing documents for the co-op purchase, “You can sign the forms and include a personal check for $3,233.00 for the closing costs. I spoke to your banker at Wells Fargo, the Private bank will send
Brian opens the fridge and takes out a glass pitcher of iced tea, “Yes, I just saw it when I came home, I’m going to fill out all of the forms and sign the closing documents this afternoon,” Brian says as he pours iced tea into a highball glass and walks back
and walks over to the fridge, “Brian, it’s Curtis from the co-op board, I put the packet with your co-op purchase approval in front of your apartment earlier before I went to the hospital,” Curtis says as he stands in front of an x-ray monitor at the hospital.
as he stands at the security desk. The security guard looks up from the newspaper, “I’m really sorry to hear that, Brian. I know you’ve had Frankie for a very long time,” he says as Brian looks across the lobby at one of his neighbors coming through the front door.
Brian closes his mailbox and uses the key on his key ring to lock it before walking over to the security desk, “Dr. Browning and his medical assistant tried to resuscitate Frankie several times, but they were not able to get Frankie’s heart back,” Brian says
Brian goes over to the mailboxes, “Did everything go okay with Frankie? When the pet ambulance left, they said he still wasn’t breathing,” the security guard says as Brian pulls a stack of letters out of his mailbox.
Tina and Amy - 4 Saving Frankie 10 Short Stories (Scribner) Resolution
Eli DeGeneres
National Book Award Finalist
These are the new pages of the Resolution of the 4th short story for Scribner.
I love you Ellen.  Are you guys hiring ? I really need a cool job. And who better then you guys.  I can due a lot ,consider me ? P.s Go Cubs
What do you think of khloe boyfriend cheating on her
I reply tomorrow
Love the show!  Splitting up Together!!
Thank you..spread joy as always
Love the new show!
Nice one
Hi Ellen 

Reviews of this show aren't good though...
awesome. looking forward
@TheEllenShow come to the UK  me & @Piplowri front row seats
everyone who likes, gets a nudė in their DM

RT for a folløw back
hi camila
Hello Ellen! I'm a big fan of your show and hope to appear one day. 
We Need To Make A Difference With Love Crazy J - Love Is What I’m Searching For (Audio)  https://youtu.be/fJ0SN3BIP4M   #ellen15
Please Help Me get on the @TheEllenShow  by retweet this Video #hiphop #Music #officialcrazyj #crazyj #ellenshow #tv #love #spreadlovenothate #support #pleaseellen #retweet #helpme #bekind #alwayslove …
