Please someone make a gif of Tapper brushing off his shoulder at the end of this clip. 

OMG 
Thank you!
You're welcome! 
Oh Ellen, I thought you were above this. I truly loved you and your show. You used to leave politics and president bashing off of it. This breaks my heart.
What words did she say “bashing”? I’ll wait.
Well, when you only know about 30 adjectives...
Awesome Picture 
Yeah he is recycling lying way too much. 
President Trump has accomplished more than any president if people are honest.  He could cure cancer and have world peace and the haters and media would still ridicule him!
#Ellen is normally positive. I'm disappointed she gave #CNN a negative platform on her show. I don't wanna see #Trump bashing on Ellen.
I loveEllen my  father thought  the world of her. I do think that if he were alive today he would be disappointed  to see Ellen getting pulled in by people like hateful Tapper. I won’t watch her any more if she continues to get in the political mess.
Good.  She doesn't want mean, unkind pple watching her show anyway.   Buh bye lol
really? how about Stupid Jake
YES Jake I know what it’s like to recognize someone’s hugeness before they become huge lol! I also saw Ellen as a guest on a talk show & it became brilliantly clear by how she treated a guest pulled from the audience that she should have a talk show.
Having all the left nut jobs on.  This is becoming such a political show.  You will soon be loosing a lot of your audience.  Oh well you have plenty of money now.  Spend wisely.
Jakes book is really good and this is coming from his trainer
Jake Tapper is a clown
Hey ellen would you invite "Stormy Daniels " one day in your super show ??
Hehehehe... he most definitely is. I am not a fan of Trump's. I don't like bullies, especially those who make fun of disabled people (I am blind).
On another note: who doesn't have a crush on ya, @TheEllenShow (even if they don't admit it?  
Ellen I used to like your show but lately your just a info commercial for democrats and echo their hate of America.  Why not have some balance and give the other view like the booming economy or even the meeting with NK and how Trump finally got them to the table.

I tune into your show to be entertained and inspired... plz stop the hatred
I didn't know he did not like Obama
He should hire me. Ask @mand3rz, she can vouch for my ability to come up with new nicknames all the time.
Great, now I can't even watch Ellen anymore. I'm sick of Jake Tappers BIASED news.
He's so handsome 
You are too adorable @TheEllenShow 
That’s like calling the kettle black!!
We need to make a difference with love 
Crazy J - Love Is What I’m Searching For (Audio)  https://youtu.be/fJ0SN3BIP4M  #ellen15
Please Help Me get on the @TheEllenShow  by retweet this Video #hiphop #Music #officialcrazyj #crazyj #ellenshow #tv #love #spreadlovenothate #support #pleaseellen #retweet #helpme #bekind #alwayslove …
Playground bully nicknames. 45 is a sham.
 Jake Tapper had a crush on Ellen!
I liked  “Spankie” the Best
@TheEllenShow @jaketapper well jake you have had same name for two years now LYING FAKE NEWS AZZ HOLE
Jack Tapper is a puppet for his puppet masters... Soros will scrap him when the 25 THOUSAND #pizzagate #indictments air... Watch the Emmy's.... You'll see. Epstein's #pedoisland  and #nxivm tip of the iceberg. . . BAHHAHAHAHA!
Wait till he finds out about a thesaurus
No sound on the video, and had to read it closed caption.  Great interview!
well there’s crooked. slippery. loser. all those things that the donald is... ;)
Ms,I´m an English singer & actor currently in Madrid. Regards.
SCARBOROUGH FAIR https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VyIUZWSCbA …
SUMMERTIME https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiUt9PeXAGI&t=15s …
SOME ENCHANTED...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ye4husW7X6Y …
MOTN https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSO2A_2HMiQ&t=1s …
SHOWREEL https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJmR4NoNzaA …
LET IT BE ME https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57sirHQwwmM … .
Trump's grey matter is running out.
I have one for him Jake tap dat ass
"Tapper out!"   Was that a nod to #MeetTheFackers? #FackerOut 
Is Jake Tapper running out of friends to push his book?
He's really just not very imaginative.
I got ten bucks that says he isn't.
I am surprised trump hasn't gone after Tapper with the nickname "Fake Jake" yet. Seems like the sort of unoriginal, super obvious, pathetic insult trump specializes in.
@jaketapper in Trumpspeak:

Jake “Tapped Out” Tapper
“Two Jakes” Tapper would say that
Donnie TicTac
Draft Dodger Don
Dumbelldore
The Fanta Fascist
The Fraud of Fifth Avenue
Fuckface Von Clownstick
Genghis Cant
The Golden Wrecking Ball
The Great White Dope
Hair Furher
The Human Tanning Bed Warning Label
The Infuriator
Last Of The Mango Mohawkans
Little Lady Fingers
You should practice what you preach Ellen “be kind to one another”.Stop bashing our president.If the ignorant sanctimonious left ever take the time to listen to the other side you would know that fake news is news that isn’t true,which CNN and main stream media are guilty of.
You can tell Jake has a funny side but the breaking news pieces were pleasantly unexpected & really good! I too watched you on Open House! Great show today!
His vocabulary is limited. I don’t hunk we’ve heard all that he has.
LOL - Just like Sawyer on Lost - everyone gets a nickname @JoshHolloway
Jake is trying to sell his book....But Ellen keeps trying too bait him to say negative things about Trump! He played it cool...helping her be the leader of, be kind too one another!!!
who knew that American war criminals -- like Dubya-- could be cute and cuddly.
Ellen, you are a wonderful person, great actor/actress, talk show mogul and a great Dori. If our kids were on the playground calling or being called bad names would we not be upset as parents or officials? Why are we allowing him to bully name people w/out calling him out on it?
Stupid.
Good interview....I really like  Jake T #Patriot
This can happen when someone has a 250 word vocabulary.
America is against your non stop president bashing.
How is that funny? Everyone could have a nickname. Tapper’s is Clapper, named after his source, who illegally leaked to him the “Russia Trump” lie. 
Jake Clapper.
I have a friend who does those nicknames so much better, but not about the same folks.
"Run out"?
So he's been struggling all this time to find a new insult.
And finally,
when he does,
he'll use it on Putin.

Explains a lot.
I think Jake Tapper is a moron like the rest of CNN. Get a real show
never----
Ellen I think you are running out of excuses for why Crooked Hillary lost. Glad we finally have a winner like President Trump in the White House!
Watcha running from hollywood
Love you and your show but really don't care for the political agenda pushing. I watch to be entertained not to listen to politics.
Is a perfect nick name TAP ,but any ways how many Americans will buy his book
I like Fake Tapper meets Ellen Degenerate at the Hellfire Club 14th St. Manhattan
He’s certainly run out of words!
Only in English. Pig Latin is next. I elivebay osay
We have a few for trump.

Oh @jaketapper 
I love you
Well there are always dicknames and sicknames.
Time to recycle Stretch & Super Stretch. They know who they are.
Quit attacking OUR POTUS and go back to entertainment -  it has been such a LOOOOONG time since you did that!
Soon he’s going to have to start giving people positive it was like “positive nicknames like handsome“ and “smart guy“ and have his supporters pretend that they are insults.
Mr. Magoo is priceless, though.
Only so many racist dog-whistle terms 45 knows, but do not underestimate the creativity of these horrible people.
I am sure he could think of one for you.
old sleepy eyes Trump is just too lazy to google offensive names from yore.
This was very good!!!
#TheTapMan is an eminent backstage reporter. He got all the great scoops. You should hire him on a full time basis
Oh look. 2 dummies.
Please don’t anyone send him a thesaurus. #TiredOfWinning
I don’t know... I’ve heard a lot of racist slurs in my time, seems to be plenty more for him to choose from.
Not hardly.
How bout carpet cleaner Ellen?
Keep up the great work @jaketapper!  Nicknames or not, #Trump is only embarrassing himself! Imagine the hayday the history books will have with this president!  #sad #Delusional #BeKind
~Nope. Not possible. Sorry tap man.
XD
Hiiiii

