Baby Turn-Up is a little big shot too ....
What are the benefits for this job? 
401K? Dental and eye coverage? Will I have vacation days? I can start today.
I think they called a TV Guide :P

I’m watching !! #littlebigshots  !!!! 
Please could You retweet and say a prayer for little Alfie Evans who is from Liverpool  HE NEEDS OUR PRAYERS TO HELP HIM FIGHT HIS SITUATION 
This is the greatest show, still love your show Ha

My friend is 4'5
Alexa?
IS @ARIANAGRANDE GONNA BE ON UR SHOW TOMORROW BC ITS RUMORING AROUND TWITTER RN
Ummm. Alexa?
I'm a tiny little human who would love to live in your house and tell you when your shows are on. But can I bring my son?
She said genius 
Ellen, isn’t that a Google Assistant or Alexa?? LOL 
I’ll do it! I’m not tiny......or particularly “clever” but I’ll remind you about shows!
Same here Ellen! Mine are grown with families of their own. I got my cat . Lol. But not to smart.
Love little big shots. Here's mine.
me too
@TheEllenShow Meet Willa, Adeline, Kyla, Kenna, Kerry Lee and Maya! These talented @claires Dream Big competition winners came to your studio in LA last week after receiving their awards @BevHillsHotel ! Their wish is to meet you an tell you about their inspirational dreams 
Isn’t that called Alexa? I don’t have one but I’d think it could do that lol
Omg i need one too!   Just to be here with me.  They are soooo Amazing.  A big shout out to their families.   Good job.  Awesome kids.
Love u Ellen
Yes
They’re all geniuses until they learn what “a mistake” means.  
#Run4Allison
Is 6'2" small enough
Puedo recordarle todo,incluso tengo unas ideas geniales,para los cuadros de tu esposa.buenisimas!Te van a encantar
OMG ELLEN I have not watched your show in awhile (because Im always working) I miss seeing your beautiful smiling face everyday,watching you is therapy for the soul, Blessed Be 

You mean a PVR?
What about an Alexa? She's tiny... Not sure if she's a genius 
I use my iPhone calendar app to put EVERYTHING from tv shows, to kids appointments, to work related info, my WEEKLY (so you’d think I remember that) yoga class, errands I need to run and even to call my mother!! It does what my memory cannot!
Your shows were on! You got it going on so tune in and turn on. Oh my timmothy Leary I got going on ....
Wouldn't that be Google home or Alexa
 we all need them ...
I’m cute, your cute.  I’m generous, your generous. I’m funny, your funny. Now tell my why I ain’t got one gosh darn follower. I’m going to start making videos of me rolling around, doing something and either I become famous or end up in jail...
http://gf.me/u/h6vmn7  
Please help

You could name them TiVo! 
Yup!! That’s what are kids are for!! They also teach us about unconditional love, infinite patience, and generosity of spirit. I recommend kids for everyone
Plz Ellen I really need your help......?!
hello http://ellen.love  ya
I love you too how are you doing
Hi Ellen love your show love you have a blessed day.!!!!!
Violin cover of "Believer" Imagine Dragons by Tyler Butler-Figueroa, 10 year old cancer survivor
Love this show
I miss watching your show every day. Can it PLEASE go on Hulu???
Get a Ferret. : ]
✪I FOLLOW BACK GUYS HIT ME up peace. going to get
Not Tiny, but Bigly Genius - might rack up a bill in transport/logistics since halfway across the world in  #LittleBigShots #BiglyGenius
that would be helpful but for a new season  of @OITNB instead
Sign me up!
I love that show! Children are amazing!
You need #Alexa! LOL!
Your shows are on because you're a great human being! You're simply the best! Know you are loved!!
Love all that you do! You are changing the world every day. Wish you would consider helping Festival of Trees, 34th year raising funds for pediatric research..
Charlotte was amazing!! Will you have her on your show?
~ the human brain wasn’t built to compute so much data.
This show makes me feel just as good as when I watch @TheEllenShow, I feel so....happy! Thank you!!! 
Fantastic Voyage
https://twitter.com/annarexic/status/988133389290102785?s=21 … rt
https://twitter.com/annarexic/status/988133389290102785?s=21 …
Ha ha! I love this show! I watch it every Sunday without fail!
U r awesome 
You do!! Your phone 
 winding down my #SundayFunday with this show #littlebigshots
how about a not so tiny average minded person to remind you? if so I can do that haha. #lovellen #hireme
So you want a child labourer just so you can watch your shows?? 
That's way too expensive Ellen, just buy a watch.
I love you ellen...
Ell i'm ready 2 do something diff I need A Agent 2
With all due respect, this kind of show is exploitive of the kids who participate. Would you want your kid on that show?
You have come along way. And I hope Momma is doing well
Alexa
Sorry Ellen,Verne Troyer passed away yesterday #tinygenius#rip
@TheEllenShow  Charlotte was amazing!! Her vocals...OMG!

Isn't that why some nerd with mad computer skills, zero memory and a lot of time invented Siri?
There’s an app for that!
#New to Twitter. We are so excited to be opening Jason’s Wheelhouse this summer. This is a recreation centre for special needs youth ages 15-21 in Brant County, Ontario.  Would love for you to re-tweet to show your support. Would love your love and luck in this new adventure 
I live the little ones but do not like Steve Harvey. I would love to watch it again but can’t take host.
*love
Go hug some more war criminals
Fancy being so generous & maybe helping get me a new gen console 
I never watched Little big shot before...thank you Ellen it's a great show so far
Singer from Spain was AMAZING.  Side note. Thank u for acknowledging Bronco’s tragedy - Canada’s loss
The News is still on 
Your mean
I’m not tiny nor a genius at all but I could do that for you!
#RambasFlight 
Hey while I gotcha
On the phone  
Please Check out 
Ramba 

I wish I had a house elf
I'll send my 5 year old gdaughter!
You are my tiny genius cuz you just reminded me to put little big shots on...thank you Ellen 
@DawnFrenchUK is the best as u r too! Xx
I love your show @TheEllenShow your so funny  and great with all your audience and staff best of all I love to see you dance girl you for some move!!!
Same I am watching it
#MexicoBronco  #ElDebateDelDebate #ElBroncoMasBronco #Elecciones2018

الين
Make that 2!!
#ChallengeAccepted
Nobody Will lose
Just check them
I got that On demand so we gonna watch some Ball. Steven gonna have to hold on
You Will love them
What channel
Yeah... Those little kids was so sick.. So great

Haha
Messages left
Look Your messenger
Enjoy an have fun watching!! 
Dammit! No spoilers!
I'm not tiny..but I'll do what I can..so do you prefer horns or bells as alerts?
Can't you just rub a cigarette lighter or something? Not that I'm advising you to smoke. Don't smoke. Unless you have cancer. Then you should. But hopefully you don't have cancer.
What about your genius (or your cerebrum) which can remind you?
Pretty sure that's an Amazon Echo.
I can be tiny.
Ok?
just lol this show
I guess it’s on ABC? I will check it
Look Your messenger i send messages
I can be your tiny big genius
We need to make a difference with love 
Crazy J - Love Is What I’m Searching For (Audio)  https://youtu.be/fJ0SN3BIP4M  #ellen15
Please Help Me get on the @TheEllenShow  by retweet this Video #hiphop #Music #officialcrazyj #crazyj #ellenshow #tv #love #spreadlovenothate #support #pleaseellen #retweet #helpme #bekind #alwayslove …
