https://twitter.com/simp_sama/status/983760093400522754?s=21 … I need ellen and you Steve to open this one time
https://soundcloud.com/user-688125637/yellows …
You two had us laughing so hard about those #vegan leather pants!  Love the thoughtful gift, but definitely don’t eat them 
Are u bringing the kid from Vancouver Canada who sang on Lil Big Shots last week.  He was amazing.  

e
@gdaas12
"Kim didn't know nothin"  I love this man so much
 We need to watch that together
Come thru i ain't ever leaving Dublin!
lol I already left hehe
Two friends

I can’t believe you would hang out with an ignorant pig like @IAmSteveHarvey. Come on Ellen.
I saw the YouTube video.
Oh my god! I’m dying This is hilarious  I
What about the 10,000 undiscovered  Kardashian Sisters about to descend on Hollywood? It'll be a happenin'!
he's just a mean mean man he's good to you cause your his boss and rich
@nikkilee_brown @j23schoen
I can’t wait

Steve, don’t follow Ellen in hate for president trump. He’s done lots for blacks and gays, not sure why you wouldn’t support him.

Oh my. A black man thinks. You try to degrade him. Good luck with that.
Hi Ellen. I just had my first book published on http://Amazon.com . hiv: hell is vicious. Only 10.00 hardcover. 6.99 ebook. Its a wonderful book and I would like for you to read. It will definitely give you a clear view of how a person secretly lived with a deadly disease.
Harvey: kim k knew nothing.

Me: *acts surprised*
#JaneTheVirgin #arichella #celebfamilyfeud #FamilyFeud
What day will the Kardashians Family Feud air?  I do NOT want to miss it. @andylassner do you know?

Yo Ellen, da'bomb. Amazing how Mr.Harvey can fit in any more shows, let alone the three he already has. Talk, feud and Apollo.
I’m still waiting for my T-shirt @redlibster
Oh no don't even dream about quitting Family Feud. Can't wait to see that episode!
Hello Ellen just learning how to Twitter love U And Love Love the show always a fan me and my mommies
..
You both are awesome. 
Love it
Love these two
you   tube
Awesome love it! Have a terrific day

The story about the tipi and his grandkids was even funnier. 
Can't wait to see this @SmokieRasta
Christine Bob Mom - Executive Vice President of Finance Disney
Eli DeGeneres
EMBA Accounting Columbia University 2021
CPA Exam 2019
*Audit - I will start the audit of Disney's financials Mon 4/23.
Tina and Mom - JD Columbia University 2022
Eli DeGeneres
LSAT Diagnostic Sat 4/14  145-150
LSAT Practice Exam Fri 4/20
I will take another practice exam for Columbia Law Friday afternoon 3-5 PM.
Tina - Breaking the Truth (Penguin) Draft Manuscript June 15
Eli DeGeneres
I should have the full draft manuscript of the fiction adaptation finished for Penguin by June 15.
Tina and Amy - 10 Short Stories (Scribner) Draft Manuscript June 1
Eli DeGeneres
National Book Award Finalist
May - 7 Dirty Chai, 8 Delta Alpha Phi, 9 Brooklyn Apt 3, 10 The Resident Writer
Tina and Amy - 10 Short Stories (Scribner) Draft Manuscript June 1
Eli DeGeneres
National Book Award Finalist
I should have the full draft manuscript finished for Scribner by June 1.
April - 5 East 4th Brewery, 6 Dr. Sinclair
Tina - Breaking the Truth (Penguin) Chapter 2
Eli DeGeneres
I will post the new sections of Chapter 2 of the fiction adaptation of Breaking the Truth (CBS) this afternoon for Penguin.
Tina and Amy - 4 Saving Frankie 10 Short Stories (Scribner) Resolution
Eli DeGeneres
National Book Award Finalist
This is the end of the Resolution up to p. 219 in the draft manuscript. I will start writing 5 East 4th Brewery this afternoon and post the Beginning tomorrow.
who sells dogs to his patients,” he says as he fills out the forms. Kristen takes the blue clipboard from Pete, “Welcome to Dr. Johnson’s pet hospital,” she says and turns back to the computer at the desk.
as she takes out the new patient forms and puts them onto a blue clipboard. Pete stands at the front desk and fills out the new patient forms, “Great, I was referred by Dr. Browning at West 57th street, I bought Rocky from a breeder,
“You must be Pete and this must be Rocky,” she says as he walks the black Labrador puppy over to the front desk. Kristen looks over at the black Labrador puppy, “I read your email, we can treat him for pneumonia,” she says
Kristen logs into the Dell computer at the front desk and pulls out a new patient file folder for the first appointment. Ten minutes later, a man in his early 20’s walks into the pet hospital with a black Labrador puppy after Kristen presses the buzzer,
Pam and Crystal can update the newsletter this week and send it out to the patients in the practice,” Dr. Johnson says as he finishes spreading cream 
cheese on the blueberry bagel. Dr. Johnson picks up the newspaper and walks down the hallway to his office to eat his breakfast,
What a great clip!! I can’t wait to watch!!! 
Times newspaper. She opens the large white bag and takes out the two blueberry bagels with two small containers of cream cheese. Dr. Johnson takes out the plastic knife and spreads cream cheese on the blueberry bagel, “Remember to add the new patient to the online newsletter,
Kristen puts the large white bag and beverage carton from Eddie’s café on the front desk as Dr. Johnson puts on his white lab coat behind the front desk. Kristen hands the double-foam vanilla latte to Dr. Johnson as he puts his leather briefcase on the counter with the New York
“Eddie made you a double-foam vanilla latte and I bought a blueberry bagel for each of us,” Kristen says as Brian opens the front gate of the pet hospital. They walk into the pet hospital together and Dr. Johnson turns on the lights in the waiting room.
the owner puts a “Grand Opening” sign in the window with a large print of the menu. Brian walks up to the pet hospital where Kristen is standing with two cups of coffee and a large white bag from Eddie’s café next door. Kristen looks over at the café,
After pulling the mail out of his mailbox, Brian closes the mailbox with the mailbox key on his key ring before walking out of his apartment building at West 72nd street. He passes the new Mediterranean restaurant next to his apartment building on his way to the pet hospital,
The next morning, Brian walks out of his bedroom weaving khaki pants with a light blue Oxford shirt. He walks out of his apartment and takes the elevator down to the lobby, the security guard waves as Brian walks through the lobby.
Brian takes the elevator up to his floor and walks down the hallway to his apartment, he opens the door to his apartment and walks into the living room. After making spaghetti and a garden salad for dinner, Brian walks into his bedroom and closes the door.
the security guard says as Brian puts the set of gold keys away. Brian walks over to the elevator, “Thanks, I’m also going to get another black Labrador before I move everything into the new co-op next week,” he says before stepping onto the elevator.
The security guard opens a drawer and takes out a set of gold keys with a green tag, Brian signs the key log on the security desk and takes the set of gold keys from the security guard. He folds the newspaper, “Congratulations, I know you’ve wanted a co-op for a while,”
to buy an iced green tea latte from Eddie before walking back towards his apartment building. The security guard looks up from the New York Times, “Curtis gave me your new set of keys for your co-op up on the 12th floor,” he says as Brian walks over to the security desk.
and walks out of the hospital with Dr. Johnson. They go out the front door and he closes the metal gate over the front door, “I’ll see you tomorrow,” he says as he locks the gate and puts his key ring back into his pocket. Dr. Johnson walks over to the café next door
Dr. Johnson and Kristen walk down the hallway together, he stops at the front desk holding his leather briefcase. Kristen logs out of her Outlook email before shutting down the Dell computer, “I’ll see you tomorrow morning at 8 AM,” she says as she picks up her purse
After meeting with the pet food supplier, Dr. Johnson walks back to his office and picks up his leather briefcase from his desk, “Tomorrow, you have a new patient coming in – it’s a black Labrador,” Kristen says as she stands in the doorway.
Jim takes the business card from Kristen, “I’ll see you next month – she’s really enjoying the new Science Diet cat food,” he says as he puts the business card into his wallet. He carries the cat crate out of the waiting area and leaves the pet hospital.
as he holds the cat crate at the front desk. Kristen types on the Dell computer and enters Jim’s information into the Outlook calendar to schedule Jim’s follow up appointment, she writes the follow up time and date on the back of one of the pet hospital’s business cards.
into a new co-op in his apartment building on West 72nd street. Jim puts the American Express card back into his wallet and picks up the cat crate, “Good, I’m glad he’s going to get another dog, I know he had Frankie for a long time,” he says
and staples the receipt to the document before handing the credit card and document back to Jim. Dr. Jonson walks back down the hallway to his office and closes the door, “I’m going to help him find a black Labrador puppy within the next week or so, Dr. Johnson is moving
“Dr. Johnson is going to look for another black Labrador to purchase from a breeder, Frankie’s colon cancer was a sudden diagnosis,” she says as Jim hands her the credit card to swipe through the terminal next to the computer. Kristen prints another copy of the patient bill
Nora Alazmi
Plasma Lighter
“I’m very sorry to hear about Frankie, Linda told me the other day when we both went to buy groceries at Trader Joe’s,” he says as he takes out his credit card to pay the patient bill. Kristen prints the bill on the Dell computer and puts it on the counter in front of Jim,
before getting up from the desk and walking over to the door. Kristen walks with Jim out of the exam room as Dr. Johnson walks over to the front desk and puts the patient file folder next to the Dell computer. Jim carries the cat crate over to the counter and sets it down,
into the patient file on the computer. Jim gets up from his chair to take Shia from Kristen and put her back into the crate. Jim closes the cat crate and picks it up, “Congratulations, I know you’ve been working on your thesis for the last 2 years,” Dr. Johnson says
I know you’ve had her since undergrad at Columbia,” Dr. Johnson says as he picks up Shia and puts her on the scale next to the metal exam table to calculate her weight. After giving Shia back to Kristen, Dr. Johnson walks back over to his desk to enter her weight and notes
“I found out today that my thesis is going to be published next year in the Linguistics Review,” he says as Dr. Johnson examines the grey cat on the metal exam table. Dr. Johnson shines the silver flashlight pen in her eyes, “Shia seems very healthy,
Several minutes later, Dr. Johnson comes into the examination room and sits down at the desk. Kristen takes Jim’s cat out of the crate on the metal exam table, Dr. Johnson walks over to exam her after opening the patient file on the Dell computer. Jim takes out his iPhone,
“This has been one of our slower days,” she says as Jim takes the clipboard. He fills out the information and gives the clipboard back to Kristen, “Dr. Johnson should be with you shortly,” she says as she walks Jim into the examination room.
walks into the pet hospital and walks over to the front desk, “I came on time today, my professor ended the linguistics lecture early today,” Jim says as he puts the cat crate on the front desk. Kristen puts the patient forms on a clipboard and gives them to Jim,
holding patient files as they organize all of the files in the cabinet. Several hours later, after lunch, the buzzer rings on the front desk and Kristen presses the buzzer to let in the next appointment into the pet hospital. A man in his 30’s carrying a crate with a grey cat
hospital’s business card. Linda takes the business card and puts it away in her purse, “I’ll see you at the follow up appointment next month,” she says before gently tugging Scotty’s leash and walking him out of the pet hospital. Pam and Crystal stand in the hallway
“I'll schedule your follow up appointment for next month,” Kristen says as she walks over to the front desk and sits down. Kristen types on the keyboard and selects a date for Linda’s follow up appointment, she writes the date and appointment time on the back of the pet
@ecgirl20 this is so funny plz watch I’m loling
He walks over to the door, “I’ll see you at the follow up appointment next month,” Dr. Johnson says before logging out of the Dell computer. Linda gets up from the chair and walks Scotty out of the examination room. Dr. Johnson walks down the hallway to his office,
yeah steve
Kristen carries Scotty over to Linda for her to put the leash back onto Scotty, “I have Frankie’s ashes in an urn, I’m going to keep them on the fireplace in my new co-op,” Dr. Johnson says as he closes the patient file folder on the Dell computer.
his back legs, “It was colon cancer – Dr. Browning on West 57th street treated him,” Dr. Johnson says as he bends Scotty’s front arm. He finishes examining Scotty and walks back over to the desk to type notes into Scotty’s patient file on the local server.
Linda looks over at Scotty on the metal exam table, “I’m very sorry to hear that, Eddie next door told me about Frankie yesterday. Dr. Johnson takes out a metal instrument and gently examines Scotty’s limbs on the metal exam table. Kristen holds Scotty as Dr. Johnson bends
inside Scotty’s throat, “He’s been getting a lot of new customers at the café due to the new spinning business next door,” Dr. Johnson says as he takes the wooden stick out of Scotty’s mouth and throws it away in the hazardous waste materials bin next to the door.
another location near Columbus Circle,” Dr. Johnson says as he shines the flashlight pen in Scotty’s eyes before taking out the wooden stick to examine his tongue and throat. He gently opens Scotty’s mouth and puts the wooden stick on his longue and shines the flashlight
before getting up from the desk to walk over to the metal exam table. Kristen holds Scotty as Dr. Johnson takes out the silver flashlight pen to examine Scotty’s eyes, “Eddie has been doing very well at the café, he told me the other day that he’s already looking at opening
on the local server, “It’s going very well, we were able to get a lot of corporate sales,” Linda says as Dr. Johnson quickly types on the keyboard. Dr. Johnson opens the patient notes and puts the date on the Word document, “Good, I’m glad to hear that,” he says
“I’m glad to hear that,” Linda says as Kristen holds Scotty. Dr. Johnson walks into the exam room holding the patient file folder, “Very nice to see you – how is the flower shop?” he asks as he sits down at the desk. He types on the keys and opens the patient file folder
“He took the rest of the day off yesterday, but he’s going to purchase another black Labrador puppy before he moves to his new place,” Kristen says before putting the white paper on the metal exam table. Kristen picks up Scotty from the floor and puts him on the metal exam table,
Please check out my YouTube video !
Linda sits down in the patient chair, “I heard about Frankie, Eddie next door at the café told me when I came in yesterday,” she says as Kristen walks over to the door. Kristen looks through the doorway down the hallway and stands in the doorway,
I‘ll go ahead and take you back to the examination room. Linda gently tugs Scotty’s blue leash and walks him into the examination room behind Kristen, she puts Scotty’s patient file folder in the black plastic tray on the door before walking into the exam room.
Scotty barks again next to the front desk as Kristen picks up the phone to call Dr. Johnson in his office, she hangs the phone up after several minutes. Kristen scans over the patient forms, “Dr. Johnson should be with you in a few minutes,
at the front desk, “We just hired another sales associate at the store on West 65th street due to all of the corporate sales we’ve been getting from the office buildings nearby,” she says as she signs the patient forms and hands the blue clipboard back to Kristen.
Kristen looks up from the Dell computer, “It’s good to see you, I know you’ve been busy with the flower shop,” she says as Linda fills in the patient forms for the appointment. Scotty barks and wags his tail feverishly as Linda fills in the documents on the clipboard
with a terrier and walks over to the front desk, “Hi, Kristen. We finally got here, there was a lot of traffic near Lincoln Center due to the marathon,” Linda says as Scotty sits on the floor in front of the front desk as she picks up a pen to fill out the patient forms.
before walking down the hallway to his office. Kristen continues typing on the keyboard as the front door buzzer rings, she presses the buzzer on her desk and continues looking through the patient files on the desk. A woman in her early 40’s walks into the waiting area
Not surprising at all If it's not a sex tape or nudes she knows NOTHING else #sorryNOTsorry #TheEllenShow
Kristen finishes adding the patient emails to the BCC email, “As soon as I receive an email back from one of the patients, I’ll forward it to you,” she says as Dr. Johnson walks around the front desk and picks up Frankie’s patient file from the desk
Love Family Feud I can't wait to see Mr. Harvey handle this group...
those Hollywood families ... true; it can seem like Family-Feud gone haywire ... maybe sweet n' savy - ms. Degeneres, can ease some of the Familial or Feudal tensions
Labrador puppy,” Kristen says as she adds emails to the BCC email. Dr. Johnson stands at the front desk, “I’d like to get another black Labrador, since I’m moving into the new co-op in a few weeks,” he says as he takes another sip from his coffee cup.
supplier,” Kristen says as she creates a new Outlook email to send a BCC email to all of the patients in Dr. Johnson’s pet hospital. She types on the keyboard, “How are you feeling? I know it was a shock yesterday, but I think you have a pretty good chance of finding a black
before taking a sip of her coffee. Kristen looks at the Outlook calendar, “This morning the first appointment is Scotty, Linda’s terrier, he’s coming in at 9 AM before your online professional development. Then, Jim’s cat is coming in at 1 PM before your meeting with the pet food
is breeding a litter of black Labradors,” Brian says as he takes one of the white coffee cups from the carton on the front desk. Kristen logs into her Outlook email, “I’ll send a message out to all of the patients this morning and forward you any replies,” she says
I absolutely Love LOVE your show keep doing what you're doing AND by all means ignore ANY and every negative comment of this tweet.God bless
He opens the front door and turns on the light in the waiting area as they walk into the pet hospital together. Kristen puts the cups on the front desk before sitting down, “Thank you – I need you to send out a BCC email to all of the patients at the pet hospital to see if anyone
Brian takes out his key ring to unlock the front gate, “How are you doing? Pete from Dr. Browning’s office sent over the urn with Frankie’s ashes, I put the urn on your desk,” Kristen says as Brian unlocks the front gate and raises the gate to open the front entrance.
YAY KANYE SMILED I LAUGHED THANKS ALOT GUYS
Brian walks out of his apartment building and turns the corner to walk down West 72nd street towards his pet hospital, Kristen is standing out front with two cups of coffee from the café next door when Brian walks up to the front entrance.
I need a car can you buy me one? Thx
Tina and Amy - 4 Saving Frankie 10 Short Stories (Scribner) Resolution
Eli DeGeneres
National Book Award Finalist
These are the rest of the pages for the end of the short story for Scribner.
Tina - Accidental Death (CBS) Draft Script Scene #6 and #7
Eli DeGeneres & Tina Fey
Married Joint Filing 2017 Taxes
Invoice $900,000.00 Accidental Death & Suicide Watch Draft Scripts
Tina Fey Productions LLC
I will post the new pages this afternoon for CBS to verify the pages.
Hoi=> Ellen how much can could a can can can if a can could can a can???
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSIdVLrMkOw …
Cute old boy

Ellen i am from Ghana but living in spain i cant tell you how much you inspires me a lot thank you love you
Can i get a follow please Ellen
@TheEllenShow  I love what am watching now....hahahaaa
East vs. West, North vs. South. How's about four different dirrections to ponder? Good vs. Bad, Gooder vs. Goodest. Now you choose Good at least. Just Saying.
@cohen_romy
This deserves to be on Ellen tube
He's a bad guy, Ellen.  Long history of misogyny.  I am surprised that you support him.
I Love your show!!
Hi @TheEllenShow if u want a nice laugh please watch

@TheEllenShow One of the best Wise lovely Woman In The World. I don't think if there's a human hating ELLEN, I don't think so u know why it's because you're kind hearted woman, A Mother too. I am from Africa (Tanzania), I usually watch your shows in You Tube. I LOVE YOU ELLEN 

JEALOUSY PRODUCED BY XTRAVULOUS 
https://soundcloud.com/ninemilli/ninemilli-jealousy-prod-xtravulous … 
Aghhhhhhhhhhhhh
Eugh... Steve Harvey again.  You know the things he's said in the past, right?  About women?  Eugh.
He loves women but he has feelings for men too!

~Kanye brought the heat.  #FamilyFeud
Sometimes I pretend that it's Steve Harvey on my rice packet instead of Uncle Ben. It just tastes better for some reason.
I don’t like your program
Me ayudas a compartir esta campaña  https://twitter.com/inixar/status/976222199957807104 … … … https://facebook.com/inixar/videos/1640934969321664/ … … … de antemano mil gracias 
#MúsicaParaAlessandra

Con tu apoyo Alessandra podrá cumplir su gran sueño de continuar con sus estudios de música, y tener un…
5
Love you @TheEllenShow
Stupid mann #EllenDeGeneres
Omg
We Need To Make A Difference With Love Crazy J - Love Is What I’m Searching For (Audio)  https://youtu.be/fJ0SN3BIP4M   #ellen15
Please Help Me get on the @TheEllenShow  by retweet this Video #hiphop #Music #officialcrazyj #crazyj #ellenshow #tv #love #spreadlovenothate #support #pleaseellen #retweet #helpme #bekind #alwayslove …
