OMG! "Poussey"!! I just cried all over again!! On another note, that "Lord of the Lesbians" comment was absolutely hilarious! I am SHOOK!
I have better nominees. She's great being out but there more to be done.
Okay so.. If i got this right, 
Lesbian Jesus is Hayley Kiyoko
Lord of the Lesbians is Ellen

Who else?
Trevor Moran could be someone for Transgender ppl
Good idea ))

This is Imani Davis. She's a 18 year old artist class of 2018. She's trying to earn scholarship money to go to OSU Oklahoma State University and all she needs is support to get in college. She loves Ellen. If you like…
I LOVE Samira, such a good actress and SO friggn beautiful. Like no make up needed.. naturally beautiful, LOVE her eyes. And she seems kind and down to earth.

Ellen!!! Lord of the lesbians haha. That was funny. That was a great show! Xo
You should get @Ninja on your show
Well at least you’re not „the last Jedi“ !  ?  !

I love her. I’m definitely straight, but may have a little girl crush on her. So cute and a great actress!
Just as Elton is the Godfather of the Gay Mafia! 

When I came out, my dad said she was the queen of our people with a hot wife!
Ellen .. you're wonderful. And you can make me laugh. But  ..she can dance a little less then that, not shaking her thing.. two back round singers...she sings.. a little less shoes, bow towards all her people..Kd Lang rules, sharing,modeling ,kindness,love,generosity around her.

https://soundcloud.com/user-688125637/yellows …
President of Deep State, Queen of laughter, Ambassador of love and kindness and Lord of the gays. So many titles, how can you keep them all straight? 
 love won because of Ellen!
Please contact me at 309-431-8750
The British have Sir hoods we have Lesbian Lords all is good!....
I mean, I love you to death Ellen, but that's a tad bit ignorant of you, of course you are. Also, you might be lord of us gay men but it doesn't roll off the tongue. Can you just rule the world for us already?!
#LordOfTheLesbians #ThatTookSomeSkills
#SuchAPleasure

Yes, you are 
How could you not know that?
@zayrakruz we need to watch
Yaaas
Surely Lady of the Lesbians?
Lord? How about GOD? OR SUPREME LEADER? EITHER WAY, YOURE A GAME CHANGER
FR THO
Les be honest You are The Lord of the Lesbians
I see no lie here!

LOL! Least you have a title. Most of us in the world do not!!!!!
Hahaha! That's funny and sweet I just love how humble Ellen is

In a Lord of the Flies way or a Lord of the Rings way?
Lol Now to think of it... You are! Great title. You should keep it, Ellen.
I'd be ashamed of that title.
That only means you get to carry the Crown Royal, ; ) Bottoms up!!
Ellen is Lord Of The Lesbians and @HayleyKiyoko is Lesbian Jesus.
UmmmI just love @TheEllenShow tho! I really don't care who she sleeps with!
Uhm Duh 
Now you know know Ellen,but are you?
Why does sexual orientation even have to be a thing we talk about? Ellen’s an amazing, talented, and funny person—‘nuf said!
Lord?

Your Who? Dry tonge police? lol
YOU ARE LOL. YOU ARE AMAZING.
Interesting title, m'lord. 

LOVED THE SHOW and she is officially my WCE!!
Hilarious!  Can straight folks go to the meetings?  I’m certain they’re infinitely better than straight people meetings.
And of the dance, Ellen, never forget the dance!
Loveeee
Does the title come with a bigger office?
So that's what that new LOTR amazon show is about
 gotta love it #LordOfTheLesbians
I love Samira wow
Now you know
No matter who you are ellen i still and forever love ya 
~Damn. Me either. *gives back toaster oven.
So, do you have to destroy a ring or something?
Love you @TheEllenShow
Cool
We Need To Make A Difference With Love Crazy J - Love Is What I’m Searching For (Audio)  https://youtu.be/fJ0SN3BIP4M   #ellen15
Please Help Me get on the @TheEllenShow  by retweet this Video #hiphop #Music #officialcrazyj #crazyj #ellenshow #tv #love #spreadlovenothate #support #pleaseellen #retweet #helpme #bekind #alwayslove …
