Thank you for having @evanrachelwood on for the first time ever!!! 
One if not the best unexpected entrances I've ever seen on your show! When She comes back to play Heads Up. Billy Jean should be the entrance tune. EvanRachelWood. NAILED IT!!!
I think Evan should be on your show every week ! Just saying 
She should be in every talk show , Every week !
Oh that would be perfect!
Yeahhh ! She will be on Fallon's tonight ! Woohoo ! #GoodDaysAreAhead !
I'm super excited !!
Our family had a cat when I was young that would use the toilet. He’d also answer the damn phone when it rang. He was a legend of a cat. #Roscoe
I swear, I have loved her since I was like, 15 
Same
My miss peanut taught herself too... We have brilliant kitties !
Interesting Show about big money people in quest for fun! The need for fun comes from a denial to free your mind of fear and pain! Create future with love, know your destiny! Manifester's! 3G your 3D!

That was a good interview!
Hello Ellen can you help me spread the word. And help us with any support you can. 
Thank you.
Elizabeth H. 
U can view my profile.
I see two females, unhappy with their womanhood.
Ellen can you get the guy who sings that awesome Santander Pig commercial song to come on the show anD perform the song ? Pretty please
My cat has taught himself to flush the toilet because he likes "fresh" water to drink! Sadly he has yet to actually do his business in the toilet. I was hoping he would learn after that time I picked him up and rushed him to the toilet when he was about to bring up a hairball.
I was there and it WAS crazy
Would be cool to see our mug on that table 
That was funny
No joke, I've been trying to teach my cat with #CityKitty for months now and he's a black and white cat with an opinion about everything! You need to watch this.  You'll have a good laugh.
Fyi, if you get easily nauseous or grossed out, I recommend you skip 1:10 to about 1:30...
I need you n your team to see this song
https://soundcloud.com/user-688125637/yellows …
That cat is amazing to do that and not be taught...meow!
Ellen I am getting tweets from a fan chat room claiming to be you, asking me to a New Jersey number to set up a private meet and greet with you concerning my inventions is this your staff mam.
O M G MY CAT WENT TO THE BATHROOM  ON THE CAMODE TO!
I THOUGH HE WAS THE ONLY 
 CAT THAT DID 
THAT SOOOOWA
        FUNNY!
Ellen get BTS back on your show I mean look at these precious babes 
@BTS_twt #BTS #LoveYourselfTearIsComing
The funniest part about that happening is when you hear the sound and you know there's no human around.
Did you ever think how the cat feels? Homo sapiens.

Good for her. I also don’t scoop the litter. But my cats choose to shit everywhere except the toilet. House stinks. Should also get them fixed so they stop having kittens. Smells so bad
My god I seen that before on u tube but he is a smart cat
Love it! Have a fabulous day 
Cats mean well..they smell the foul sewer
Our cat named Tiger and he just jumped up on the toilet and started peeing in the toilet...never could flush the toilet though.  
We had a cat that did that. He would follow us into the bathroom. We thought it was weird until we saw him use the toliet. It saved on kitty litter. It was pretty cool.
No no no!  You mustn't let the humans know of our smarts you silly kitty!  Never use the throne of the human.
I’d love to surprise my daughter Ellen with a visit from you in the UK, her dream is for you at her wedding, when they have saved enough for a honeymoon to LA so she can be in the audience xxx
Funny, i just realized my cat Ol’ Nellie has been using the dogs potty pads...
yes I was watching this LOL so funny... Luv you Ellen
She’s hot
Here's the tweet Ellen deleted VERY quickly 

http://tweetsremoved.blogspot.co.uk 
~This is a real thing. Cats are smarter than all of us, sad to say.

https://twitter.com/mightyjoee/status/986655685029969920?s=21 …
@TheEllenShow
Ellen dm me doll
We Need To Make A Difference With Love Crazy J - Love Is What I’m Searching For (Audio)  https://youtu.be/fJ0SN3BIP4M   #ellen15
Please Help Me get on the @TheEllenShow  by retweet this Video #hiphop #Music #officialcrazyj #crazyj #ellenshow #tv #love #spreadlovenothate #support #pleaseellen #retweet #helpme #bekind #alwayslove …
