That’s where we need to ship Trump.
I agree Ellen and I support this @TheEllenShow By the way you are amazing 
Uranus is always an option.
Uranus May not be an option, but mine is! 
Now that is funny :)
Hi ellen .
I hope. Your  well ? . I sent you  a link this morning about my daycare I'm openning in DANDRIDGE Tennessee. Me and my partner are looking  for a little more funding .so pls in ya heart if you  can help  i would be truly greatful!! But if u cant so you know of anyone ?
Me tooo
Bwhahahaha!!!! 
Might be an OK place really  It actually means heaven (in Greek).
Earth day is every day.
We need to make a difference with love 
Crazy J - Love Is What I’m Searching For (Audio)  https://youtu.be/fJ0SN3BIP4M  #ellen15
Please Help Me get on the @TheEllenShow  by retweet this Video #hiphop #Music #officialcrazyj #crazyj #ellenshow #tv #love #spreadlovenothate #support #pleaseellen #retweet #helpme #bekind #alwayslove …
The big Q is - does Eart love us after all we are putting her through??
You are the most beautiful person in this planet. IU
Bahahaha!!! #yourtoofunny
I would hate to think that I care what Ellen would say. I thought different of her until she let her political views show. Stick to your do called entertaining. And let the political hatred stop. I thought her to be a better person. But evidently I was wrong.
Oh, here we go with the toilet jokes.
It's now pronounced urine us.
Nothing gained by that.

You-rain-us.
With the accent on the you.
#Linguistics

That’s a knee slapper 

I always wonder if this administration has another planet it's looking at.  We need to take much better care of the earth!
... and neither is yours.  Luvya.

~I think this may be my all time favorite joke of yours.
Whuuuuuuuuuuuuut?
Please read my profile @TheEllenShow !!  I am a cancer survivor and I want you to read my story!!
We all have only one Earth. Let's love, honor and respect her. Happy  Day! #EarthDay #SundayMorning #quotes #quoteoftheday
Hello I am Noureddine Hamdoun of Morocco I have just invented a device for the blind that will allow them to study the apparent movements of the sun compared to the earth ... it is a new science of astronomy that will allow the blind to appreciate and feel this science.
Ellen you rock it for me everyday 
The #GOP says you're wrong. They have lived there for decades now.
Lol... that joke was out of this world 
Earth day is the 22nd. Not the 20th.
Let’s take better care of our planet!!It’s so green and beautiful!! It’s becoming too toxic with waste. We need to help SAVE and restore the earth which is incomparable to other planets because God made it unique and special!!
Woohoo !!!!
Never not funny.
Hilarious! I can't believe nobody has ever made that joke before!
pluto is still a planet
Not according to trump and his legions of Uranunites

Get more rest usually helps almost as well as answering the question
Uranus always ENDS up being the BUTT of the joke. So sad.
YOU'VE MADE IT A FUN EARTH !                     
Paging @neiltyson She said 9 planets. Can we get the intergalactic police on this case? 
You're right Ellen uranus is definitely not an option...
Thank you for making me laugh! 
Lol
Me too!!
Can you ask tomorrow Ariana if the song is secret for samebody she know. And if she really love: or really really really love. Walter3
Lmao! You are to much @TheEllenShow . You always keep me smiling and for that I have to say Thank You Very Much!
Great Work Ellen de Generes! Love to see someone with a platform care about the environment!
Ellen for Prez 2020
Dear Ellen this is Brett Bundermann.  I  need to  get in touch with  Ron Howard,  Henry Winkler , and Scot Bao. Can you please help me. My phone number is  (218) 206 - 1289.  My best friend just past away and she told me to contact them. It was her last wishes. Thank you!
Yes, agreed.  Even though I'd like to say to oh so many politicians (esp. DJT--Dung-Juggling Trickster), "How can you really represent the people with your head in Uranus?"

nice one
I think i just heard the snap of rubber gloves.
Love everything about you 
https://www.facebook.com/EhUniverso/videos/195800641168285/ …
God gave it to us to take care of 
Mars
Gotta love a good Uranus joke.
Pluto is for the dogs too.
I agree with you Ellen.  But saving the planet means cleaning up our Rivers, OCEANS, SEAS  AND LAKES  BY NOT DUMPING SWEAGE AND WASTES IN THEM

Your the best Ellen..YOUR SHOW IS NOTHING BUT LOVE ..LAUGHTER..N SMILES....DRAMA FREE N I LOVE THAT ....
Why do I feel like there is a punch line here? 
HAHAHAHA
Lovely
Ellen I don't like the sound of living there either lol but it all depends on what part of Earth u live on and here it's no picnic lol. We love u Ellen stay safe and be happy xx
Good one. U.
 brilliant
Neither is Pluto. 
~ juuuuuuuuust as i’ve suspected all along… juveniles.

Love  u Ellen
And Hence We All Should....

Save Fruit Seeds and Grow Fruit Trees..!! Everywhere..!! Together collectively and both literally and figuratively..!!
What's the other planets

I cant wait to see your show tomorrow.I hope you are still on the planet earth.
Pluto  isn’t a planet
WOW
Hi ellen. Yah its true as long as we our self, our family that's the way we love the mother earth..respect the nature, respect GOD.ILOVEYOU ELLEN
Yes by stopping Big Pharma from keeping Cannabis oil from all the people at a low price !!!!  Please look into it Ellen ! Thanks
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=2303000623148919&id=100003170117159 …
You missed an opportunity to promote veganism. Why did you elect not to mention considering factory farming impact?

Good one

Wow. Me too. What a coincidence.
Ellen I love you but am rather upset with hearing your beautiful voice on a @GetSpectrum commercial while they are not paying the hard worker men and women of NYC ...
Nor are about 8 of the 9...
What is wrong with Uranus?
Stop eating red meat (beef) for one. Produces more fossil fuels than any other animal you are eating. Stop buying plastic water bottles and plastic bags. It fills the ocean which fish are not meant to live with. Buy an electric car if you can afford it. Abandon gas stations.
Your anus?? Or my anus??
WHO'S ANUS ???
Hey Ellen , Please help stop the Kinder Morgan pipeline in Vancouver ,Earth will thank you  #StopKinderMorgan #CoastProtectors
<3
A  tsunami or earthquake can't be control by you or any one ,save Earth tips by planting a tree ,stop throwing oil tanks to the ocean stop killing wildlife I'm a disbeliever using scientists knowledge to create climate change charities , you try Uranus with ur wife :)
Love Earth Day it's also my birthday! Earth Day should be every day!
Well, that was clever.
Uranus is definitely an option. Always has been and always will be
Ah, the memories of my childhood and all of us laughing when we said “Uranus”.
The next conspiracy theory says the earth is FLAT— cuz they’re finding large underground civilizations and large open holes and caverns inside the earth which they hope to keep very secret — does this prove the earth is round?
There are only 8 planets.
https://www.gofundme.com/alices-village 

It was one yr ago when I met a young homeless couple. I didn't know that she was pregnant. 
Read the whole story. 

Please consider helping my family.

Uranus is gassy, so yeah, I agree! 

Ellen, there are 8 planets including Uranus!
I love Ellen!!!!
Uranus is cool

haha! if you could live on any other planet what would it be and why? also if u could fix the earth in some way to make it better to live on what would u do? @TheEllenShow
Never an option.
My entire twitter account has been set up to just ask you this question. I've been asking all week. Please don't let me be common law forever
touche
You love the World the world loves you
Can I ask my gf to marry me at your show in Calgary tomorrow
