
Cool man!
I want to try..this game
Tina - Accidental Death (CBS) Draft Script Scene #11
Tina Fey & Eli DeGeneres
Married Joint Filing 2017 Taxes
Invoice $900,000.00 Accidental Death & Suicide Watch Draft Scripts
This is up to the bottom of p. 216, I will post the rest of Scene #11 tomorrow.
Great fun
Can you get Trump on?
Love your show
Hi
#sendkyntoellen #kynklub
wanna join
I’m nervous 
This look like so much fun. I wish I could do this. Have a great day Ellen

Tom h mini fan page : http://Lokigirl721.weebly.com  

Support the Puerto Rico crisis.

…

Hahaha cool!
Lol omg Ellen this is hilarious!!
Lol omggggg
Can be on it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I will tighten my belt, if @sense8 pops by your show. :)
The more fun the better
باهي
Looks fun!!! hahaha Wanna try!!
Hi Ellen I really love your show.. I always watch your show here in Africa... Always be kind to people and don't stop giving...
Hihihi . thats the f... .g Life knocking me Down time and time again
This was too funny...my first thought was do they have to sign a hold harmless agreement for that...those girls were bouncing 

Omg so funny
queremos ver a @CNCOmusic en tu programa ellen!!! ellos se lo super merecen y seria un honor que esten ahi!!! #CNCOAlbum #CNCOwners #LatinBillboards2018
I would probably break a hip! Lol
Or knock my teeth out with my cane lol
That game looks like super fun!!!
Love the games but hate that people win just because they’re last to go.  Fix it.  Make it fair.
Tim Gallagher points to the glossy photo taped to the board as Officer Bloch stands holding the packet, he passes around another photo for the officers to look at with their packets.
OFFICER BLOCH
(stands)
We’ve ruled the death as an accident, but the report shows that the alteration made to the wires was inconsistent with manufacturer specifications.
TIM GALLAGHER (CONT’D)
(stands)
When I put one of the broken wires underneath the magnifying glass, I found marks on the wire that appeared to be cuts.
The sergeant walks out of the meeting area and walks back to his office on the other side of the precinct. Tim Gallagher stands next to the chalkboard as Officer Bloch points to the notes on the chalkboard.
TIM GALLAGHER
(shakes Officer Bloch’s hand)
We’ll go through the report briefly, then I’ll show you the wires in the evidence room.
SERGEANT
(walks over)
The Stunt Coordinator expert is here for the wire demonstration to go over the report for Nation Star Insurance. This is Tim Gallagher, Stunt Coordinator and consultant, he examined the wires in Nation Star’s office last night.
OFFICER BLOCH (CONT’D)
(stands)
The wires are made out of a heavy metal that allows them to hold the weight – based on the alteration the expert determined that they knew how to weaken the wires.
OFFICER BLOCH (CONT’D)
(stands)
This is a photo the insurance company was able to take using the electronic magnifying glass, the Stunt Coordinator was able to see the alteration.
Officer Bloch picks up a glossy photo and tapes it onto the chalkboard next to the notes written on the board.
OFFICER BLOCH
(stands)
The inconsistency that the expert found with the damaged wire was noticeable when he examined the wire underneath a magnifying glass – the wire was altered.
OFFICER BLOCH
(stands)
We were able to get a normal wire from the manufacturer to compare it to the damaged wire from the Mr. Panther set.
The officers look at the expert’s report and turn to the first page, Officer Bloch points to the chalkboard as he holds the expert’s report. Officer Williams sits down in one of the chairs in front of the chalkboard.
OFFICER WILLIAMS
(stands)
I called the Stunt Coordinator, who examined the wires for Nation Star, he should be here in twenty minutes to go over the wires in the evidence room.
OFFICER BLOCH
(writes on chalkboard)
Nation Star Insurance uses this expert for situations like this when the cause of death is initially ruled as an accident, but may have additional evidence that would rule it a homicide.
The officers sit down in the chairs in front of the chalkboard, Officer Bloch holds the expert’s report as he writes notes on the board.
Officer Williams walks over to another side of the precinct and several other officers walk into the meeting area where Officer Bloch is standing at the chalkboard.
OFFICER BLOCH
(writes on chalkboard)

OFFICER WILLIAMS
(walks over)
I’ll gather all of the officers in the meeting area to go over the expert’s report about the wires, the evidence room is ready for us to go over the wires to compare them to each other.
He sits at his desk and reads through the expert’s report about the wires, an hour later Officer Bloch gets up from his desk and walks over to the meeting area.
The officer walks over to the copy machine to make copies of the report and Officer Bloch walks back over to his desk to sit down.
OFFICER BLOCH (CONT’D)
(stands)
We’ll meet in an hour to see the wire demonstration in the evidence room and have another meeting at the end of the day after I speak to Detective Robinson at the North Hollywood police station.
The officers get up from their chairs and walk over to various areas of the police station. Officer Bloch hands the expert’s report to one of the officers for him to make copies.
OFFICER BLOCH
(stands at chalkboard)
I’ll call Detective Robinson at the North Hollywood police station to discuss the case and preliminary evidence we’ve collected from the set in Midtown.
OFFICER BLOCH
(stands at chalkboard)
We’ll go over the expert’s report and go into the evidence room to see a demonstration of the wires.
Tina - Accidental Death (CBS) Draft Script Scene #11
Tina Fey & Eli DeGeneres
Married Joint Filing 2017 Taxes
Invoice $900,000.00 Accidental Death & Suicide Watch Draft Scripts
These are the new pages of Scene #11 for CBS to verify the payment.
Tyler Butler-Figueroa (TylerBF Violinist) on Youtube, subscribe to see his latest violin cover's
I hope it knocks me into a brand new 2018 Yukon Denali Maroon exterior and beige interior paid off
I love your show
So cool lol
I Love You is a Donna Summer song.......
That looks like it would knock the breathe out of you! I don’t think I would like that Ellen!
Cool .
That was hard to watch.  Wish you would leave these games to your other show.

Savage! Ellen has no shame  I love It! I want to play too!!!!
back and neck problems! ouch
LOL!

No matter how much padding you have on the back, when the legs go in extension against the lumbar spine it is a serious impact!  Not good!  I wouldn't do this again unless you want some law suits.  Those girls obviously were scared too!  Not a good show for me.
This looks like abuse to me lmao
This is not good for the spine!
https://www.gofundme.com/coachstriplin  please help
Random thought. Never light it up in your car. Just saying.
Love your games Ellen and your show you are so humble and caring and giving I love that about you thank you for helping others u have a kind and loving heart much love i watch you every day I'm your biggest fan
Omy lort
Thanks to you Ellen for making life fun.
PUM!!!
Can you teach Hollywood what a "meat and three" is since @chrissyteigen asked for menu help in AL and no one knows what it is? It's a southern travesty!
This explain totally my love life. 
She is having lots of adrenaline I bet
Oh geez...
Where can I sign up!
I’m hoping you requested Since U Been Gone as an extra performance from @kelly_clarkson tomorrow cause it’s your favorite!
ELLEN For President
Why is Ellen televising executions
Help save @Alfiesarmy16 the UK
So much beauty on @TheEllenShow show today.
PICK ME! PICK ME!

Love your see how I would love to have tickets to your Christmas show plz me and my sister love you ..
I don’t know if I’d want to do this. That landing pit seems small.
Hope no one gets hurt
Hahahaha... you really like throwing people 'round.

Hi ellen

Always fun to watch @TheEllenShow
Target Tuesday
Omg
We need to make a difference with love 
Crazy J - Love Is What I’m Searching For (Audio)  https://youtu.be/fJ0SN3BIP4M  #ellen15
Please Help Me get on the @TheEllenShow  by retweet this Video #hiphop #Music #officialcrazyj #crazyj #ellenshow #tv #love #spreadlovenothate #support #pleaseellen #retweet #helpme #bekind #alwayslove …


