HELLO HELLO!11300 MAGNOLIA BLVD #7 NORTH HOLLYWOOD – at NoHo Pizza & Grill
I love you ellen
http://www.yvnelparis.com   wear the best
Awesome! Have a nice day 
“If you have any questions about upper classmen registration, we’ll be visiting the registrar’s office,” she says as Cody writes his first and last name on the NYU name tag. Cody hands the permanent marker back to Taylor, she puts it back into a plastic NYU cup.
CARDI B. IS THE REALEST
folder with the orientation schedule. The senior standing at the table on the right side holds up a clipboard, “My name is Taylor, I’m going to be leading the Freshman and Transfer Orientation group for last names N-Z.
A large white and purple banner hangs between two trees in the square as Cody rides up on his red skateboard carrying his blue Herschel backpack. The large banner reads, “NYU Freshman and Transfer Orientation”,
Couldn't get the third thing to make Carni B laugh.
That Song is So amazing please Give it a chance , SHARE , COMMENT , SUBSCRIBE
FUNNY P !
Your crackin me up!!!! I had so much fun watching you all !
I love when the question what’s the one thing you would get if you could have anything you want and Ellen giggled!  You have everything you want
It was funny. To the question of 3 things you own, I would have answered 'me, myself and mine'!

Awesome Ellen played extremely well

H Ellen!! I love you so much ur such a great person very caring and loving and u help so many ppl!! U are a angel sent from God I hope to meet u one day and maybe u could help me "come out" to my mom and rest of Family I've been avoiding it for 22 years!!!

Awesome two of my favs
Cardi is Hilarious! Beautiful woman and great sense of humor!
Tina and Amy - 5 East 4th Brewery 10 Short Stories (Scribner) Beginning
Eli DeGeneres
National Book Award Finalist
This is up to p. 222 in the draft manuscript.
Cody puts the NYU orientation packet in the folder and closes it before putting the folder back into his blue Herschel backpack. Taylor gives him a name tag and permanent marker,
She initials the health form and puts it into the plastic file box, “There are five transfer students coming to orientation today, your one of two in my group. Since you’re already a junior, you’ll also pick your major this afternoon after the campus tour and orientation.
Cody signs the health form and writes the date next to his signature, “I rented a one bedroom apartment over on East 4th street and Avenue A,” he says as he separates the health form from the orientation packet and gives the form to Taylor.
as she goes through one of the plastic file boxes and pulls out an orientation packet with his name printed on top. She highlights the signature line on the health form on the second page of the packet and gives Cody one of the NYU pens on the table.
https://youtu.be/y32p7xWOBFM 
on the list. She looks down at Cody’s red skateboard, “Welcome to NYU, you’ll fit in perfectly, a lot of students ride to their classes on skateboards. Are you in one of the nearby dorms?” Taylor asks
Cody opens the NYU folder and looks at the schedule as he waits in line. Ten minutes later, Cody walks up to Taylor standing at the table, “I’m Cody Parker – junior transfer from Syracuse University,” he says as Taylor scans down the names on the clipboard and highlights his name
The other senior standing on the left side of the table holds up her clipboard and repeats the same announcement for the Freshman and Transfer students standing in line next to Cody. Several more Freshman walk up to both lines wearing orientation t-shirts,
Amazing 
If everyone could just love like Ellen... #nojudgementshow #peoplearepeople #justhavefun
All of you will check-in with me at the table and pick up your registration packets, then we will leave in two separate groups for the campus tour and orientation,” she says as the first student in Cody’s line goes up to the table.
two seniors wearing dark purple NYU t-shirts stand behind the table with signs “Last Name A-M” and “Last Name N-Z” on the table. After stopping his red skateboard with his right foot, Cody walks up to the line on the right and unzips his Herschel backpack to take out the NYU
on the front door. He closes the black iron gate before putting his red skateboard on the sidewalk and riding towards the NYU campus, NYU students carrying bags from the bookstore pass him as he quickly rides down the sidewalk.
Let me know if you have any questions about the building,” she says before closing her apartment door. Cody walks down the steps and goes down to the first floor from the third level, he takes the skateboard chain out of his Dickies pants to lock the double-lock
I received a full-ride scholarship as a transfer student from Syracuse University,” Cody says as he carries his red skateboard. Sarah steps into her apartment and stands in the doorway, “You’ll like the building, we’ve had a lot of NYU students over the years.
Cody glances at the guitars hanging vertically above her couch, “It’s really good, my parents are helping me with my rent for the first 3 months while I continue building my savings.
The building manager told me the other day that you were a new NYU student moving in,” she says as she opens the door to her apartment. Several vintage Gibson guitars hand on the wall in her living room as she puts the brown paper grocery bags inside the doorway.
One of his neighbors walks up the steps carrying two large brown paper shopping bags form the grocery store around the corner, Cody passes his neighbor in the hallway before going down the steps. Sarah puts down one of the paper shopping bags, “How is your apartment?
Cody picks up the empty U-Haul box and carries it out of his apartment, he takes out the silver chain to lock his apartment door before picking up his red skateboard next to the door.
Tina and Amy - 5 East 4th Brewery 10 Short Stories (Scribner) Beginning
Eli DeGeneres
National Book Award Finalist
These are the new pages of the Beginning of short story #4 for Scribner.
Tina - Accidental Death (CBS) Draft Script Scene #7 and #8
Tina Fey & Eli DeGeneres
Married Joint Filing 2017 Taxes
Invoice $900,000.00 Accidental Death & Suicide Watch Draft Scripts
This is up to p. 144 in the script, I'll upload Scene #8 tomorrow for CBS.
DAN RICHARDSON
(stands)
He can walk over to the car, I’m going to look at the monitors.
PRODUCTION ASSISTANT
(walks over)
Dan, Jeff’s bodyguard needs to give a message to Jeff before we shoot the last take.
Jeff Manning drives the Maserati backwards to the first x mark on the street to start the car chase scene again.
ASSISTANT DIRECTOR (CONT’D)
(stands)
Extras – we’re going to shoot another take with Jeff driving the Maserati, then we’re going to shoot several more takes of the car chase with the stunt double.
The production assistants walk down the sidewalk with the extras as they walk back to their places at the beginning of the scene.
<3
DAN RICHARDSON
(stands)
I want to film the last take of the car chase with three camera angles again.

ASSISTANT DIRECTOR
(stands)
I’ll have the PA’s reset the extras on the sidewalk, we should have the stunt double film a few takes of the car chase.
Jeff Manning drives the Maserati up to the production assistant waiving the green flag. The Mercedes stops behind Jeff’s car, another production assistant walks up to Jeff’s Maserati to direct the car backwards to its starting place for the car chase.
ASSISTANT DIRECTOR
(stands)
And 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 –

DAN RICHARDSON
(stands)
Cut! Reset, we’re going to film the car chase one more time before going to the next part of Scene #3.
Another production assistant waives a green flag at the end of the street showing where Jeff should stop the Maserati. The car with the camera on top drives alongside the Maserati and films Jeff driving. Jeff continues driving the Maserati.
PRODUCTION ASSISTANT
(stands)
Extras – keep walking down until you reach your x marks.
The camera on the track moves horizontally along the sidewalk as Jeff Manning turns the Maserati through the cars in the chase scene. The camera crane drops down over the cars to film the car chase from another angle.
ASSISTANT DIRECTOR
(stands)
Look straight ahead as you walk down the sidewalk, walk to the x marks at the next office building and stop.
Jeff Manning pulls the Maserati into the lane of cars for the scene and speeds through the cars as the Mercedes follows him. The car with the camera on top drives in the next lane over as the two cars speed through the street.
ASSISTANT DIRECTOR (CONT’D)
(stands)
And speed, rolling! 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 –

DAN RICHARDSON
(stands)
Action! Extras start walking down the sidewalk as the two cars pulls out into the street to start the car chase.
Jeff Manning puts the seat belt on as he waits in the Maserati to start shooting the next take. A cameraman opens the door and gets into the driver’s seat of the car with the camera on top.
ASSISTANT DIRECTOR
(stands)
I’ll look at the camera angles from the three cameras as we shoot the next take. Dan wants to make sure we have enough camera angles for post-production.
DIRECTOR OF PHOTOGRAPHY
(stands)
We’re going to put the camera crane on the other side to have three angles for this take – the camera moving on the track, the car with the camera on top and the camera on the crane.
Tina - Accidental Death (CBS) Draft Script Scene #7
Tina Fey & Eli DeGeneres
Married Joint Filing 2017 Taxes
Invoice $900,000.00 Accidental Death & Suicide Watch Draft Scripts
These are the new pages of Scene #7 for CBS.
I don’t get why it’s so hard for Ellen tube to play on my phone 
This was so funny , know wonder everyone loves you Cardi
@vil_val
lets play a trick shot game!!! :D
ELLEN I HELPED MAKE 2000 YEARS OF WOMENS HISTORY IN LA IN 1984 MADE HISTORY ON WALL STREET HAVE A PRODUCT LINE MADE IN CA FOR WOMEN FEATURED WTIH THE QUEEN MOTHERS DAY IS EVERY SECOND OF EVERY DAY !!!! WE GIVE BACK LOVE U http://www.athlettes.com  BIRTH GREATEST HUMAN EVENT!
Mommy b is all about the money ino
Money makes me laugh too.....
Loved it ! 
Love you Ellen!! Aloha 
How bout we ask her about her anti-trans rant ?
Cardi addressed this,
Sorry it’s basic knowledge
She is so amazing..  Her life 
Your new friend is highly entertaining, Ellen. ;) #5secondRule is still my favorite of your games.
It’s called @EllenFanChat
~She sure us somethin. Hilarious.
https://twitter.com/mightyjoee/status/986655685029969920?s=21 …
What did she say her three fave things was ... money chocolate and???? What was bleeped!!!  Cardi b.  She is the best. @iamcardib I wish I could hang out with you for a day!  Brighten my day n spirit!!  Lovey gurl
Penis.
Follow my please
the best
OMG.  I laughed so hard.  #chocolates
#lamborghini
This was great I had a dream about this show last night I was dying to see it 
Help us please!!
Crazy and funny.
Ellen I love ur shows. Do the world a favor and never stop doing what ur doing.
She actually played better then Demi
There is a fan acct telling me they’re u
Finally
I have the dream of living, working and studying in the USA!
We Need To Make A Difference With Love Crazy J - Love Is What I’m Searching For (Audio)  https://youtu.be/fJ0SN3BIP4M   #ellen15
Please Help Me get on the @TheEllenShow  by retweet this Video #hiphop #Music #officialcrazyj #crazyj #ellenshow #tv #love #spreadlovenothate #support #pleaseellen #retweet #helpme #bekind #alwayslove …
