
Is that a petition to see who gets to best the crap out of the racist p o s van jones
I like both van jones and ellen. I wish I saw the 2 of yall together. And yes I follow both of all on Twitter.
Radical nut job.
Why don’t you invite police on to your show to talk about this problem?! It’s not a race issue it’s a lack of respect for authority!!!! C’mon. Seriously disappointed.
It must be nice in your little world. Have you not seen the fatal shootings by police in which the cops shoot African American men when they are obeying the cops exactly? Philandro Castile. Walter Scott. Google "unarmed African-Americans shot by police". You'll grow old watching
Not sure what you are on but it may be a good idea to learn the definition of obeying.
It is almost miraculous how white supremacy transmogrifies into "Defend the Second Amendment." How else will white folks deal with Black kids on their porches asking for directions? White supremacy is the ongoing meta-theory of the American narrative.
SEND THE LIMO OR THE UBER?HORSE AND BUGG? – at NoHo Pizza & Grill

The incredible Candace Owens DEMOLISHES the lies around the #BlackLivesMatter protests 

She is PRO FACTS! Honored to have her now as our communications…
@VanJones68 is the best thing to happen to @CNN in a long time. He’s intelligent, passionate and REAL. We love Van!

The incredible Candace Owens DEMOLISHES the lies around the #BlackLivesMatter protests 

She is PRO FACTS! Honored to have her now as our communications…
Love you Ellen. And Van too. If you want to do more, please, please have this author on your show:

Where is the outrage as two more police officers were assassinated?
Question is where is your outrage when an innocent black man is killed?. So maybe we could all be outraged without considering the race of the person killed. Till that happens we will be on different sides of the isle. @VanJones68 and @TheEllenShow thank you for being our voice.
If you truly think cops get up in the morning with the intent to murder black males, you’re stupidity should be painful.
Am sure they get up with the intention of serving the community. However, when they get a chance to it make bad judgement and kill a black person they get brownie points. #IAmWithStupid

your saddest interview ever. hopes its your last.
What about the two officers who were shot to death while trying to eat lunch yesterday in Florida? Did their lives not matter? Ellen, I normally enjoy your show, but today, you could have approached this topic differently. Van Jones, you tried to be reasonable, I caught it.
That is all he knows how to do is to ball and cry like a baby and he is supposed to be a grown man.  I don't watch your show but I betcha you agreed with EVERY word he said!  You are one of the biggest yes men there are alive.
Lucky! Meeting Van!!!!
Fact check: True.  It's about black men being 7% of the U.S. population, but committing 50% of the murders, thus encountering police officers on a more frequent basis than other segments of society.
They love Ellen because she truly, truly cares & strives for good in this world. Thank you Ellen and thank you Van.
Chris Rock had a view of it
And when 2 police officers are assassinated we hear nothing about gun violence.
U act as if it is only black people that do those things. Other people do the same things but, THEY DON'T DIE! Also, police officers r killed by all races of people, not just black. #DotardDonnie #WhiteSupremacy #Neonazis
White people can do this though and black people get shot for existing.
This is why @Kaepernick7 kneels. 
 
You found one case where the perp is obviously unarmed. Good for you. A black guy in the same position wouldn't have been shot either. #BlueLivesMatter #DemocratPlantation
Oh. This is going to be fun. Here you go. Unarmed caretaker laying in the ground, hands in the air, talking calmly. Shot.
Why don't you do a Ride-Along one night in the Projects.  Or, just do a Shoot/Don't Shoot simulation. Then talk to me.
It is in furiating the way people across the board lose their lives and then the person responsible for their death gets to walk away...
You mean like the cop who thankfully shot and killed Michael brown after that thug tried to kill him
Not everything is about race. If the kids in college didn't go to jail, it may have been because there were busted by campus staff, vs law enforcement. Stop with the victim mentality, and get with the victor mentality. Why place imaginary hurdles in front of yourself?
Ellen, was it racism when Michael Brown robbed a store and then viciously attacked an officer before he was thankfully killed? Was it racism when a BLM supporter killed 5 police officers in Dallas ?  Next time Van the racist p o s is on, punch him for me
I  want to be on your show and  happy birthday Ellen
Sorry Ellen blonde moment lol
@BabinJ
You should be ashamed as an AMERICAN, that the unarmed black community is getting shot down by overly aggressive police officers, not as a white lady.
How about you educate yourself!!! You live in a glass bubble!!!
Two of the most awesome people in the world Van & Ellen
Ask him if Afro Americans can be racist. He spews hatred toward Caucasians just listen to him talk.
@TheEllenShow should not be so quick to blame the cops. It is blame and ignorance that will continue to fuel this fire between race and police. Not all cops are bad or “racist.” Just like not all African Americans are criminals. You’re just allowing the cycle to continue.
Thank you @VanJones68 for not just blaming the cops. It is society and the media who continue to show over and over crimes that are only committed by African Americans. Yes police officers are human beings. Not all employees can be good, even if held to a higher standard.
Van Jones a class act!

Your fans did too! Thanks for bringing such good content into our lives and thanks @VanJones68 for elevating our national dialogue. 
I hate to be the superficial one but
I have a concept to share with you that will promote diversity & help to end racism. Trying to contact @andylassner with this vital information.
of course you like him, he hates our race which is WHITE. Me, proud to be white everyday of my life.
Lol. If that’s what you call hate you must have a hard time at sporting events.
The Ellen Show is Sesame Street for grown-ups!!! #IloveEllen
Ellen is so far left that her show is complete shit.  Another one bites the dust. Disgusting
Thank you both for continuing this conversation!! My book helps parents have this really difficult talk!! @VanJones68 would love to send your boys a signed copy
Ellen I have a question, how would you feel about being a Native American an listening to people talk about African Americans. It sickens me more that people don't recognize the Native Americans for what we have lost an hopefully will get the recognition for what we have lost
I think we need 2 include all people of color because most of us r not just one nationality.
Yes I think all minority races should be together and none of us separate from each other because we have all been through a lot of mistreatment.
Very well spoken hard truth of the facts of police in America toward blacks and people of color
Cmon @TheEllenShow @Beyonce Beyonce performance at @coachella was amazing but i wonder why she only have #BlackDancers ..? #AllLivesMatter #beychella #LatinLivesMatter #WhitelivesMatter
She didn’t only have black dancers. Try not to fail so hard next time.
Ellen is amazing. She has been asking us to be “Be Kind to One Another” before anyone else.  It’s in her heart and who she is. Bless her 
Hey, what about Mr. Rogers? Lol
My crush
Why doesn't Ellen put on a cops uniform and, see what it is like to fear for your life. When a cop tells. You to stop why can't you stop. As a daughter of a cop I had to worry everyday if he would come home to us. Ellen I love your show.  But please don't put cops down.
Fellow travelers...  #AmericaHaters
He's great.
What's not to love!? 
Hmmph!! I hate Family Feud!!
Terrific! Have a wonderful weekend& day 
True
so Ellen would you put me on your show to explain the Pearl of Great Price from the Bible explaining Adam and Eve?
Nope !
FOLLOW ME AND GET ME FOLLOWERS WE ARE ON A MISSION TO EMPOWER WOMEN ONE BIRTH AT A TIME! http://www.athlettes.com  THE QUEEN LOVES HERS AND SO DOES KATE EVERY WOMEN NEEDS ONE WE GIVE BACK MADE IN CA
Racism is like a virus. It's everywhere. Unfortunately.
P.S. Yup. You are amazing, Ellen. <3
She's unique , one of a kind
I agree. :)
http://GOFUNDME.COM/SUMMERSPROJECT  :) 8th grade girl trying to pay it forward
Of course you would, what a complete tool, you’re being used.
Love both of them #ellen#steveharvey
Both yessssss
Love Van
I love Van Jones, but why is he wearing a suit?

Brain Glitch ??????? VanJones is a brain less twit.
No shit!! I won’t watch her show again
He has had his time to speak his opinions which have never changed.  He's still a communist.
~"Checks and balances.." great interview.
Wow good maybe he can do something about it...
wow
@VanJones68 Nice!!
I'd love getting to meet and talk with him too!
Van Jones is a 9-11 truther 
Ellen tell @Calum5SOS he needs to follow me
Cool
@SpinosNicole
I love youuu
We Need To Make A Difference With Love Crazy J - Love Is What I’m Searching For (Audio)  https://youtu.be/fJ0SN3BIP4M   #ellen15
Please Help Me get on the @TheEllenShow  by retweet this Video #hiphop #Music #officialcrazyj #crazyj #ellenshow #tv #love #spreadlovenothate #support #pleaseellen #retweet #helpme #bekind #alwayslove …
