A yr ago today, God gave us this tough little boy. Today, we thank the nurses & doctors at @CedarsSinai & @ChildrensLA who saved his life & those who shared thoughts & prayers. We cannot stay quiet. Please wish Billy happy birthday by REGISTERING TO…
Happy Birthday Billy
Happy Birthday, Billy!
Pappas is awesome
Happy birthday, big boy.  Registration to vote:  Done!

Congratulations
Already registered! A very Happy Birthday Billy! May your future be long happy healthy and bright!
God bless baby billy!
@TheEllenShow @jimmykimmel i know you get tons of request daily. I hope your eyes see http://this.gofundme.com/minister-in-need-of-help …
Happy Birthday, Billy!!! God bless you, Sweet boy!
Happy Happy Birthday Billy 
Happy birthday.
Happy Birthday... Billy! You’re an adorable , handsome boy!
Happiest Birthday wishes Billy and I will vote! 
Awww! Happy birthday cutie!
Happy birth day
Happy Birthday!!
Happy Blessed Birthday Young Prince
Hoppy Birthday Billy ,Blessings
Happy birthday sweetheart
Happy birthday to you
Happy Belated Birthday May God continue to heal, protect, cover you with his Blood to keep you from harms way.  Keep the Angels watching over you and your family!
Love and prayers! What a doll baby!
Love you , Molly, Jimmy and Billy. Please hit Billy with the Hien! Peace and Love . That you for educating the peps about Trump.
Happy b’day tough guy
He looks so lovely and beautiful, man!
Happy Birthday little guy!!!  and may you have many many many more!!!
Happy Sweet Billy.  I pray everything good comes to you.   God Bless~
Happy birthday Billy
Happy birthday sweetheart!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
Happy birthday lil man!!
Happy Birthday little guy
Happy Happy Cake & Ice Cream Day...Young Prince..
Happy Birthday Billy the kid
Blessings and love to you all.
Happy 1st Birthday to you precious boy Billy.
Happy Birthday Billy!
Omg he looks just like his Daddy! Happy birthday little man!
Happy Birthday Billy!!

Happy Birthday Little Man!
Happy Birthday Billy!! May God Continue To Bless Your Everyday!! <3
Happy birthday!
Happy Birthday Billy!! Registered and soooo ready to vote!!
Very cute baby
Happy birthday, Billy.
So sweet 
Happy birthday to you
Such a cutie..Such a blessing..So happy for a wonderful family  I have
Happy Birthday 
Happy Birthday Bill
Happy Birthday lil man
Happy bday cutie.
Happy Birthday sweet boy! 
Happy birthday Jimmi
Blessed
Happy Birthday!
Jimmy you are a national hero. Happy Birthday to Billy. Keep fighting for us.
Happy birthday Billy! 
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday!
follow me

Hopefully he turns out to be a nice kid not a knob like his dad
Happy birthday, little guy and may the rest of your life be filled with health, love and kindness!
Happy Birthday Billy! God Bless You! 
Happy Birthday Billy, you handsome boy you.  Many more.
Happy birthday Billy!
Happy Birthday  sweetie. God Bless You
Happy Birthday Billy, have a wonderful life!
Lot of tuff kids ! Out there
Happy birthday!!!  God bless!
Billy is such a cutie! Handsome little guy!
Happy Birthday Precious Boy!
Happy bday from Ecuador Jimmy 
Happy Birthday Jimmy
Happy Birthday Billy
Awe my bday too. Love it. Happy bday!
Happy birthday Billy!
Happy bday!
Happy Birthday Billy. What a handsome little guy. Grow strong and healthy.
Happy birthday
He’s so beautiful!  Happy Birthday Billy and God bless you 
@Jimmykimmel, Happy Birthday from William Roberts Jr.
@jimmykimmel, Thank you for all that you do, and I  William Roberts Jr, wish you the Best
Many many happy Birthday to this cute little angel. May this come around again n again in ur life and u may shine ur emo papa's face... #HappyBirthdayBillyKimmel
God Bless your beautiful little boy 
Happy Birthday!!!
REALLY????
God bless!!
Happy Birthday Billy!
Happy Birthday Billy. May God continue to bless you with many, many more. Get cake wasted today :)
Happy birthday Billy, wishing you a blessed year 
Register to be an organ and tissue donor . Make it your decision #registerme.org
Happy Birthday sweet Billy.
Happy Birthday Billy 
Happy Birthday  such a blessed baby baby boy!!! 
Happy Birthday Jimmie Kimmel!
What a difference you have already made in this world ...A Big Happy Birthday , Billy ...
Congrats!! Next time PLEASE have a credentialed sonographer, and NOT the doctor, do your ultrasound. TOF should have been found long before delivery :(
Happy birthday!
@jimmykimmel Happy B-day Billy!!!!!! I wish you the best, #theworldslittleman
Happy birthday
Love Ellen
OmG he’s adorable.
Jimbel Kimbel!
It's Bimble Kimble. Tough lil dude
Happy Birthday!
Look at that sweet, happy face!  I am a school nurse and daily deal with many students with health issues.  Sometimes they need routine care, sometimes emergency care, and sometimes they just need a hug. Smiles like this make an often thankless job worth it all!
Happy Birthday  Billy Kimmel many many healthy Birthday 
Happy birthday
Happy birthday 
Happy Birthday precious angel 
Happy Birthday Billy!
Soooo cute! Happy born-day Billy! I pray you have many many more!
Happy bday
Happy Birthday little one, you're such a cutie pie 
Happy birthday
God bless!
Yay!! Happy Birthday, sweet boy!
One very happy and  strong little boy getting bigger.
@MaryConnelly @jimmykimmel @mollymcnearney @CedarsSinai yes, Billy, ia tough son, fortunate one, too.
@CedarsSinai best #1 wishes. Yes, Ellen, he’s a tough one & a lucky son.
Happy,birthday,Billy,
Happy Birthday Billy Kimmel!
On my, Billy is so dam cute. Happy 1st Birthday Billy.
Happy birthday
Happy birthday miracle boy Billie 
Happy Birthday!
Oh Billy! Muchas bendiciones para la familia Kimmel!
He is soo precious, and thank God he is doing better! I will continue to pray for him and your family as well. God bless Billy Kimmel!! <3
Happy Birthday!
Happy 1st Birthday Billy 
What happened to this kids big ass head?
Awe we twinning Billy ,cheers to us on a blissful birthday
Feel so bad
Happy birthday!!
Happy Birthday little man from Australia xx

Happy birthday little champ
Happy Birthday 
Happy birthday 
Happy Birthday sweetboy!
Happy birthday Billy
dont agree with your views on alot of things but still praying for this child
Your doctor's name was Jesus? What a coincidence? Did you pay him in chickens? #imgladhesok
#youareluckydaddyisloadedandfamous
What would you do about this Ellen? Please help.

Hauo’li La Hanau HppyHappy Birthday in Hawaiian
Happy birthday young man from Wrap the Kids in Long Beach CA.
Happy Birthday beautiful  boy


Happy birthday

Happy birthday Billy!
Happy Birthday Billy!!
Happy Birthday little one!
We will never stay quiet dude. Teach your children well. They will look at you you and know.
That’s sweet and all but, go vote in the same message?! From The Man Show to political zealot in sons birthday shout out?
Happy birthday Billy! Your dad’s kinda cool!
Happy 1st Birthday Billy.  You have gone through so much in your first year and proved to many that you are one tough little man.
Happy birthday!!! God bless you!!! beautiful little angel! 
Happy birthday sweet little man! Your dad is going to keep making sure people get off their butts to vote,and make sure every kid has access to health care  Enjoy your day!
Happy birthday Billy!!! God bless you Little Man!!!
Happy Birthday Billy
Adorable!
Happy birthday to this sweet little guy♡
Happy birthday! That’s awesome. Hope he ate lots of cake  he deserves it!
Happy Birthday Billy!! Too one strong little man!! Thank God you’re better! I know how it is to be in your parents shoes.. my oldest will be 22 and is a cancer survivor,she was only 10 1/2 months old when we were told she had a Wilms Tumor and lost her right kidney. God Bless!
Happy birthday
Awww. He’s darling.  No one ever talks about the joy of it all.  Joy and congrats!
Awe, too cute! May God continue to watch over and keep him.
Happy Birthday angel
 happy happy birthday 
Ellen we live in a little town of 500 ppl. ..but your so loved. ..come visit. ..we have fresh free trade coffee and the best really truly the best cookies you mouth will ever taste. 7283 Arkona rd Arkona Heritage Market Arkona Ontario n0m1b0
Check us out on Facebook Arkona Heritage Market in ontario Canada
Happy Birthday, Billy!
Happy Birthday
He is such a cutie!!!
Thank God for giving those doctors and nurses the ability 
I can’t be,I eve it’s been a year. Hau’oli la Hanau Billy. So many of us are pulling for you. So many of us are grateful to the courage, honesty, & tenderness of your dad. You are a lucky little boy, not because your dad is “JIMMY KIMMEL” but because your dad is just Jimmy Kimmel
Love  your heart  thank you for being you
I can’t believe you are following me  I am a teachers aide and my sister a nurse   We won tickets to your13 anniversary show  so excited bought dresses  I sat wrong seat  I did try to get up front  And girl kicked us out  we went to party at bergdorffs and you and wife beautiful
Bravo
RIP Verne
Happy Birthday from 
He's adorable! Happy Birthday Billy! 
      
Happy Birthday Billy, sweet baby! God Bless!
