Nailed it
I just opened up my first tweeter account today. I'm reaching out to you and Oprah because I think Tyler Perry made a movie on women who suffers from a mental illness. Women should stay quiet was the message since the main actress wore a cross around her neck and endured agony
One other thing, the name for his movie, Acrimony, should be re named to Martyr. If he wants to know the root cause of the mentally ill, here it is; willing to kill your own spirit because of religious beliefs. Please tell him it's the year women stand up and admit 'not crazy'
@itslexyloo I got you boo!  
Thank you bby!! I miss you!!
Miss you too!   
Congratulations Ellen
Improving maternity care in CA! Support #ab2682 thank you @autumnrburke http://facebook.com/Assemblymember …
Will we never have a year for men?
Celebrate women every day, because everyday women move mountains.   Ladies, Happy Women's Day; again, again and again. #EverydayWomensDay
Hi honey and thank you so much for the friendship and your the one that's spectacular baby.album is on it's way honey so enjoy.
No wonder why it sucks
Women rock!!!
You mean gay perverts?
just 2018? women rock, every day of every year
We Are Pink ROS

Did Hollywood agree to stop raping women?
Again with no luxury of shame, you being one of the most powerful women, can u plz pass around- PLEASE TAKE THE TWO MIN TO READ THAT COULD SAVE A WOMANS LIFE!!! AND PLEASE SHARE TO AS MANY PPL AS YOU CAN TO HELP!!!!
Help a Mom/warrior fight for HOPE
I really like man to open the door for me because the handle is covered with germs. #OCD
Hey! Ellen can @selenagomez maybe comeback om your show?!
You will love this message. You won’t regret it.
I'D LIKE 2 MAKE A TOAST 2 ALL THE WOMAN OF THE WORLD♤♡◇♧

hhhhhhhhhh follow me oh man Ellen
lol I wait for the world where sex isn't an issue :)
I think all the years are for the women....
Wasn’t 2018 twentygayteen?
you're AMAZING 

We are all Superstars!


Awesome monologue. I agree a million % women should always support and encourage each other.
Woman change world like a slow motion @TheEllenShow
All women stand tall. Thanks  Ellen
Yes!! Help this woman get on the right path! Please! You can be my patron! Pleaseeeee
https://www.pscp.tv/w/balRzzF4a2pEQnJwUm1XUXp8MWxEeExhYXpBV1JLbVgFSw1NHorO59vjfw-Sdpw4k9yYBuzB5v9wjOeobGCV …

Help.
And the non gender conforming!
Woww!!! That is something Great!
You are the best!!!
I hope here be the same too... We're still fighting on very simple things... but I never lose my hope.
Don’t forget #AFantasticWoman @danivega
Awesome,  love it!  Love you.  You've brought such warmth and kindness into our world.  But also, please, How 'bout celebrating @LittleMissFlint  ?
https://youtu.be/y32p7xWOBFM 
#womensinspire #womensleadership 
I'm a Woman and One of the Biggest Whistle blowers this Nation has ever produced and I say this the Ultra Feminist Movement in this Country conditions Girls to believe that Men are the Problem its also destructive to the Family unit.Thats not what Woman are.

awww yeah everyone's proud and every wowan's pride..
Every year SHOULD be the year of Women 
I LOVE YOUUUUUUUU
And since women are taking over the world, how about, @Ellen DeGeneres as President of the United states? Ok
Get a grip
It's good but just don't get all Feminazi on us
Don't forget this woman 
WWW AUTHORLRJACKSON COM 
NOMINATED for Book of the Year !
Ellen I love you.  The best is when u say be kind to each other .  love you!!!
At 41 I’m working towards commercial pilot...Tammy Jo definitely a hero in my eyes
Firework legend Katy Perry
I am woman hear me roar!
Yassss!!
You are the best I follow you every social network you have,#metoo #TimesUp
I love you Ellen and one day I'd like to be in your show.... most of all host at Enews...#1beliber


https://soundcloud.com/user-688125637/high …
#women #progress #future
We Are Pink ROS
Every year is a year of the women.  keep making positive strives to equality and justice.
#FightTheRepublicanWarOnWomen
#RiseUp 
#LysistrataTheGOP
U MENTIONED U TEXT WITH BRUNO..IS HE COMING TO UR SHOW SOON??!!
@erin_wren

Follow me back @TheEllenShow @niquered99
The first person to establish a university was actually a muslim arab woman (859), her name was fatima al-fihri but no one seems to give a fuck about that
might want to cut the sexual predator out of that photo.
We have too!  White men are burning the world to the ground leaving the mess for women to clean up.
Of course I follow you Ellen! How could I not? Your awesome and an inspiration of hope. you!
Mother Earth: is a common personification of nature that focuses on the life-giving and nurturing aspects of nature by embodying it, in the form of Mother! I have your dictionary and that's what the definition is! Woo-hoo!!!
I have been writing for ten yrs. about #JusticeforMartha~TreatmentofSeniorsintheHospital about an Amazing Woman, my Mama. yet its as if i am writing with invisible ink. #JusticeforHelen! all i want for Mothers Day... Paz y Amor @helenoftroy27
Every year is the year of the woman!
I'm
I'm
Oh please the woman who has her tongue up the kardashions arse.
Starts to sing " I am woman hear me roar."
Good! Its been the year of the woman (in the media) for the past 25 years now.  Maybe now some women will believe it. the 54% that voted for Trump set us back a bit.
And you don't see the irony in your comment?? 
It sure is the year of the woman. I would like to introduce everyone to amazing young woman @KenidraRWoods_  Check out her op-ed in Teen Vogue today. https://www.teenvogue.com/preview/story/5ad8ed9112d8052da05c0220?status=draft&template=longform&cb=536067 …
Hey you. Don't look so bummed out. This one's in the bag. Not on sale though. Though the car has been running, for a while! Full price and what a price we have paid!
so that blind girls and boys can also study the apparent movements of the sun in relation to the earth .... a part of astronomy.
Hi! Dear Ellen
IT’S YOURS!
Hello I am Noureddine Hamdoun of Morocco I have just invented a device for the blind that will allow them to study the apparent movements of the sun compared to the earth ... it is a new science of astronomy that will allow the blind to appreciate and feel this science.
May is the Month of Michael.
why can't we have a year for all Americans
Making history the year of women 2018 with my new Heart Valve one of the first in the U.S to receive it.
Hope they aren't as dumb as you are.
I love your sense of humor. #Woman #Power #Gettingahead
I'm not famous or have really any talent to be on ur show but I'm a single mother and I would love love if my daughter would meet u for her 15th bday since we aren't doing the typical celebration she can at least meet u!!!! Or give a shout out to her on ur show Aaliyah Razo
I'd to direct you to the #ChangeTheChannel movement as well. A movement founded by and led by women against the men who abused, neglected, and in some horrible instances, sexually assaulted them.

There's a 65 page Google doc cataloguing the whole thing even.
You are the Leader of all women.  #force
#empowered 
#strong
I think you mean #20"great"teen....
And little girls too. I dream big because I am determined to make a difference in the world. My name is Ayel & I have a voice. This is my #sunnyseatbench for Whole Foods Market. Please follow me on my journey. I know, I can & I will make difference #sunnyseats #ayelmorgenstern
Duhh!! 
Ellen I’m foloving u 
U r my hero I love u . My life was so had ... and I have 3 kids 2 year 3 year and 5 ... they make me crazy but u make me laugh and smile thanks
Stop
I'm so in love with you! Hahah every time I watch You make me laugh so much!
yes! @TheEllenShow, Year of the Woman, but also #yearofthebird
Hell yeah! :)
Love this!!
Looks like women wants to show us what have got @TheEllenShow we're waiting for it 
Women should go and get what they want. Not to wait for men to give a hand.
oh yeah......  sorry guys
Check it out! ariful_hassan will build website by wordpress premium theme for $5 on #Fiverr
Why you dont have kids? Gee you might want to figure out birds and bees. It takes MAN to make a kid. His sperm gives the egg life.
Download & Stream #SidneyPoitier  
https://soundcloud.com/finessensc/finessen-sidney-poitier …
Those handles ARE covered with germs 

Beyonce said it best
New to Twitter and you're the first celebrity I started following.  You're an amazing person Ellen!
She is amazingly an idiot Leon. She can't figure out if she's a man or a woman. She doesn't know why or how to make kids. She thinks that being really popular on social media is like huge importance. Wow I just can't believe anybody would really want to follow her
I RESPECT your opinion as well as your honest and will leave it at that.  Thank you for responding to my Tweet.
No Problem. But as a man I would suggest finding strong male role models. Unfortunately this world has minimized the importance of men. Feminists seem to think it's okay to just bash and hate on men all the time. They don't realize men built this world.
Stop doing spectrum commercials. Spectrum has harmed 1800 lives in their fight against unions. #ibew have fought against unfair labor practice on strike since 3/27/17
so was the 2017 -_-
Go where your vagina hat. Only an emasculated man would declare year of the woman. If you think about it our country really started getting screwed up after women started getting involved
I hope you are right! What I wouldn’t give to finally have some happiness now that I am over 60!
They were in Monty Python's Life Of Brian weren't they Ellen, The Woman's? Just saying.
I've been supporting you always but you keep ignoring me but I will never give up on my dream to get a follow from you! 
Danny I can't believe that you would want her to follow you. Ellen degenerate has a lot of confusion in her life
I love this. Tammie Jo Schultz was the first Navy woman to pilot an F/A 18 Hornet too. 
Does Ellen even know that that plane can fly with one engine easily? I honestly think she has rocks for brains
I'm Following! – at Magnolia Food Market
I concur
Every year is the year of the woman! 
It should be every year. Mother is god in the eyes of a child.
Yes! But can the Woman get rid of "The Man" ... Please please please help!
YOU GOT MY VOTE!You Rock Ellen! – at Magnolia Food Market
So true!
2018 is actually the year of the dog so you're basically right 
Girl Power 
ahahah !! so gald
Yes and maybe you can help me with PurseNAlitys. .it will help women with business ops and bring together better ways of the resell world. It will change the way designer brands are resold....
Whats so special this year for women?
Yes. And for young people to make a change
True
2018 IS THE YEAR WHEN JUSTIN MUST GO TO YOUR SHOW!
How about for life?
We Need To Make A Difference With Love Crazy J - Love Is What I’m Searching For (Audio)  https://youtu.be/fJ0SN3BIP4M   #ellen15
Please Help Me get on the @TheEllenShow  by retweet this Video #hiphop #Music #officialcrazyj #crazyj #ellenshow #tv #love #spreadlovenothate #support #pleaseellen #retweet #helpme #bekind #alwayslove …
Ellen only serves to bring division. She likes to put down men even though she likes to dress as a man. How screwed up is that?
Women rock
