good for him
Right he seems a very gentle and kind soul im happy hes happy and wish him all the best
me, too
And i mean come on  who doesn't love ellen lmao she is such a funny lady :-)!!!!!
He should do it on his own and upload it so people won't ask for it.
Last time I saw him he was a drug addict  and looked really ill! Good to see him looking healthy.
Was so great to see him! Impressive man!
How cute is the exact same face from 30 years ago? What’s the secret????
https://www.gofundme.com/avnye3-help-me-go-to-college … you guys check it out please
C'mon man...just do the face! The world is being deprived..

Kiss
 6311576053 time 7  pm
He is sooo cute
Saw ur interview @IncredibleCulk on @TheEllenShow. Loved it. Much respect from Australia. 

I remember Ellen doing the ‘Macaulay Culkin’ impression on her sitcom ‘Ellen’ 
I love this! 
He looks great and seems happy!! Glad for him!!
Loved McCauley Culkin!  Thanks Ellen 
I loved watching this. So glad you are doing well Macaulay!
He walked out like a white Michael Jackson...
Michael had Vitiligo,
Ohhh. I'm sorry to hear that.
Love you Macaulay, you looking amazing
Amazing interview!!  @IncredibleCulk
Love him... Sorry I missed yesterday’s ep. I spent all night driving for @Uber to pay off my accounts before they hit overdrafts then came home and slept till 5-6pm.

#Movie #Directors need to put him in a few #Superhero movies.

#ellen15 

#ellen need a ride ? Get an #Uber
Have a terrific day 
He is great! Home Alone my Fav Movie 
watching this right now!
so cute! you can come and hide out at my house at Christmastime, @IncredibleCulk! We can watch Halloween shows and dye easter eggs!!
Love you Mac
I mean... I’m the kind of person to ask if you could recreate a scene from @nycballet’s Nutcracker  that’s my personal classic!!
Ellen, I had to share this with you bc I was trying to take a picture, it was back in winter months, you posted your picture and well look below
I love him. To know all he delt with at such a young age and to overcome so much is incredible. I hope we continue to see him in movies.
I gotta get focused on his podcast! @BunnyEarsPod
Thought he was in prison or something.
Seems like a nice guy.  Smart, witty and above all seems happy.  Good for him.  Good to see him.
So awesome to see you in good health and great smile!! Yeay!!!
This was a great segment! So good to see him looking and doing well.
He's almost 40, how can u still expect him to do the stuff he did as a kid in movie that's itself is nearly 30 years old
Im so happy to see Mack
He's now BoneAlone!
Grr
wow thanks for sharing
It was so awesome to see him again. And I can't believe how hilarious he is.
Such a funny guy 
I have my very own lookalike at home. Everyone used to say my son was the spitting image of Macaulay.
Nope..

I enjoyed your ellen interview. Well done.
Hey Ellen  how would i get tickets to see your show? I'm from Melbourne , Vic. 
You look amazing! 
He still looks the same to me.
He looks a lot better than he seemed years ago. He looks happy and healthy again. It's good to see.
I want to be on your SHOW!!!
I admit I am not in USA atm so idk what all was said in the interview but @TheEllenShow I wished you had asked @IncredibleCulk more about his current life. Slightly disappointed in this interview. 
Good morning maam,this is coach jayson caguitla from cavite philippines
Is this really Ellen tweeting? Because you definitely love your tweets.  But reason im asking is I reached out to Ellen on Fb messenger, and it doesn't even show as being read.  So it's a serious matter that I really thought she'd in interested in being a part of.

I loved the interview! I appreciate to see you being yourself, very inspiring!
Good to know   Thanks
I would rather him re-create ‘just me in the house by myself’  faces if I met him. Those episodes were great!
Feeling like you didn't show @IncredibleCulk enough love on the show. He is really interesting.
Happy to see him happy 
He seema great after all these years! And the way he speaks makes you wanna put your hands on his face! 
Dang!!!!!
Lol you should go on his and his friends podcast :-)!!!!!!
I think that's great
Great interview!! 
Hehe, got it. Don't ask @IncredibleCulk to make that face from #HomeAlone Gosh. I still love this movie. Both o' 'em. ;)
A few years ago my son, who was about 10 at the time, said, "she does too give stuff away every day, why do you think they call her Ellen DeGenerous!"
You are an incredibly generous person with a heart of gold...I only wish more people were like you.  X :) 
He looks amazing and is so happy! I think he is incredibly talented and is a one of a kind actor. I look forward to seeing more movies from him!
https://twitter.com/mightyjoee/status/986655685029969920?s=21 …
South African
One of the tracks on my Ep Please tell me what you think and retweet  
Culk :/
We need to make a difference with love 
Crazy J - Love Is What I’m Searching For (Audio)  https://youtu.be/fJ0SN3BIP4M  #ellen15
Please Help Me get on the @TheEllenShow  by retweet this Video #hiphop #Music #officialcrazyj #crazyj #ellenshow #tv #love #spreadlovenothate #support #pleaseellen #retweet #helpme #bekind #alwayslove …
