Celebrated my 10 years yesterday. pic.twitter.com/Xmm9MOIEam
That’s amazing. I’m getting my 9 month chip tonight.
Congrats to you I have 6 years never thought I would say that. Stay strong and focused it gets so much better. Abundant prayers for you
Thank you. In just this short time my life has changed immensely for the better.
And it will keep getting better! 4 years for me!
Invite him on show
Please have him on your show
Amazing! Quite an accomplishment! My son is just starting his road to sobriety and I hope beyond hope one day he can say he has 10 years. He has 30 days sober. In outpatient treatment. I see this and know he can do it too.
Amen it begins somewhere I pray for your son
Thank you! We know we have a long road but he is strong and I have faith he can do this.
With you @Eminempic.twitter.com/QijK3GKWGV
Congrats stay focused stay strong it gets better. 6 years here. Abundant prayers to you miss lady
Thank you Elizabeth
Ellen I have seen tons of people on your show for all kinds of different stuff and I love it, but can someone be on there for staying sober? I just celebrated 1 year on 4/20 as wellpic.twitter.com/BfrP6XjmcC
It’s no easy feat. Congratulations on your 1 year
HAVE HIM AS A GUEST OMG
All i see is some coin with occult sybolism .
any recovering addict gets the same exact coin fyi
I know. Lol .. im just teasing.. ;)
Oh ok! I only mentioned it since a lot of people were associating the triangle shape coin with the illuminati and i find it kinda funny bc with that logic every single recovered addict in this country would have to be part of a secret society too. Some people don't make any sense
Well maybe that recovery center owner is apart of the Occult lol. Its not that far fetched.. Yet the symbol itself represent a new energy, a possitive uprise.. The "secret" society only stole the symbolism for their own representation.. M is definitely "occult".. (not evil)
Idk much about symbols but maybe the triangle can represent something that has three parts or steps, I guess. I saw a lot of pics from other recovered addicts and it’s the exact same coin so what matters is that is something very positive And yeah M is far from being evil :)
And btw.. If you like Em you may like some of my music too.. #followhttps://youtu.be/7hxstn79sRU 
Congrats. I’ve listened to Eminem’s music since “we both were in our 20s” I’m very proud of you and celebrate your milestone! As a mindfulness coach and growing up with parents with addiction, I know this is major!!!
ME TOO!!!!
Congrats @eminem one day at a time I had 6 years in December I do not go to AA I asked God to take the desire and I have never even had the urge through the toughest of times. To all recovering out there stay strong and stay focused
Way to go! It’s a battle not everyone can win.
Aunt Ellen , you should put him on your new game you have on the Show. i wouls watch that.
That chip is hard to earn. Good for him.
INVITE HIM TO YOUR SHOW QUEEN!
We are proud too
Eminem is the king!
You got this!
I love you Ellen for giving people like me and THE BEST RAPPER OF MY TIME EMINEM honest support and an unconditional http://love.im  10years clean
pic.twitter.com/4lu37NXQUB
Both legends
Yes.
Love the support by Ellen!
You fr should have eminem on your show
I quit smoking the day my little sister went into rehab. We always shared struggles as kids a d are doing awesome!
Congratulations Best GIFT to Self EVER ! EVER ! EVER ! Hey @TheEllenShow BE PROUDpic.twitter.com/wB0gMEVLIf
One Day At A Time...
Congrats. Continued success and blessings
IS IT ANONYMOUS IN PRESS RADIO AND FILM AND INTERNET OR DO WE NOT FOLLOW TRADITIONS...
Proud and loud for my sobriety nothing to hide
BE PROUD PLEASE BE PROUD NOT MY POINT
Congratulations! One day at a time.
Invite him to the show
He SOOO deserves it! Love him & the fact that he refuses to give in to HIS beliefs! Most artists won’t (except P!nk) cuz afraid of losing a VERY few listeners!
Congratulations keep on keeping on
Hi Ellen I'm from South Africa
@EmiliaPrats tu segundo tweet favorito.
I’m so proud of him too
Hooray @TheEllenShow let’s celebrate @Eminem for his hatred of gays and women... remember him rapping about murdering his mother and wife?!?!?! Please explain ... I am waiting... #insanity #PrayForAzealiaBankspic.twitter.com/dLqnkSG1Cz
You’re a hypocrite lol
Congratulations to you on this tremendous achievement. God bless you.
So excellent! Well done!
Just awesome!
Ellen ...you da best....
Congratulations!
Hard work pays. Gods grace
It’s a big, huge accomplishment. Way to go!
Thx for keepin’ the hope alive. (Son has 2yrs 5months & a big fan!)
I admire anyone with the strength to stay sober. You are incredible.
Congrats thats show real strength and commitment!
Awesome. One day at a time as they say. Ten years? Wow. That's amazing and something to truly celebrate. Congratulations.
Congratulations
That’s awesome, way to lead by example. It’s tough and your doing it! Proud of you.
That is quite an accomplishment
Awesome
That is awesome!
Congratulations
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=oT871y32Mhc … Ellen SersonReport needs you to join the army
I got coins we sell them to fake addicts
Cool here at SersonReport we have a quality line of paper t shirts
Very cool!
Congratulations Eminem for your courage in cotinuing your journey in becoming who you are today.
Recovery takes monumental courage!
Have him on with @Pink so they can perform their song together
@K_Reidy
http://GoFundMe.com/Summersproject  8th grade girl starts 'Summers Project" to pay it forward. Donate today to help sick & I jured kids during their stay at the children's hospital Help Summer pay it forward.pic.twitter.com/RDxvs5K6yU
Awesome Tis not easy.. congratulations...
That is wonderful
Ellen OMG now that you are already supportive about my man Eminem! Let him join in your awesome Show i beg you! ! ! No one would regret it Marshall is such a beautiful and polite Soul okay thanks #nopromomaybe
Congrats !! @Eminem
Great people's
Happy Birthday!!! Ten is HUGE!!! #itworksifyouworkit #thereisasolution
Well done!
I know what that means and I offer a healthy congratulations to @Eminem
LEGENDS SUPPORTING LEGENDS!!! HAVE HIM ON YOUR SHOW!!
Congrats. Hard work will pay off.
You mentioned having him over for potluck in your very funny book The Funny Thing Is. So you two are actual friends!
Discipline!
Good for you. Happy anniversary.
So proud! You got this!
Way to go!!
Congrats
Way to go!! Always look ahead!
HAVE HIM ON YOUR SHOW
Congrats!!!!!
Congratulations, it shows in your work. Here's a word from my sponsor...pic.twitter.com/CIMvr0QNhI
Congrats! That’s huge !!!
CONGRATULATIONS
Proud of u keep it going
Stay strong my friend #Congrats
Awesome. Keep it up
Your an inspiration for those struggling #Eminem
Wow good job! Im a fan of Bill myself.
Congratulations
We love you Ellen about time to have Marshall on your show
So amazing. I’m having trouble kicking my sugar addiction so can’t imagine how much commitment this must have taken for you @Eminem Congrats
hi ellen im from saudi Arabia and i really like you i wish i meet u.
<3
I love you Ellen

We need to make a difference with love Crazy J - Love Is What I’m Searching For (Audio) https://youtu.be/fJ0SN3BIP4M  #ellen15https://twitter.com/officialcrazyj/status/949131324371210241?s=21 …
Please Help Me get on the @TheEllenShow by retweet this Video #hiphop #Music #officialcrazyj #crazyj #ellenshow #tv #love #spreadlovenothate #support #pleaseellen #retweet #helpme #bekind #alwayslove #loveisthekey #statenisland #upandcoming #artist #dreams #goals #dreamer pic.twitter.com/bg8bEEgjfA
I can't stay sober 10 minutes
Awesome now learn how to be a human being.
Good things happen with sobriety! #Congrats
I hope he inspires others to do the same!!!!
He just did most likely
Saying it is one thing doing it is another. Most likely and almost doesn’t count. Change begins with the individual. And, we hope that change takes place before it is too late.
That’s fantastic. So proud of you. I know personally how hard it can be maintaining your sobriety. I will be celebrating my 10 years in November.
I celebrated 23 years on 1-4-18
Thanks for your support. Celebrated 18 years clean and sober on April 24.
Congrats fellow member 37 years
That's awesome! Congrats to you, thats not easy to do.
That is absolutely illuminating. Hey Ellen, no tweets since Kanye went MAGA? No reaction is a reaction. Thanks for being transparent.
That’s amazing.
Keep it up! I just passed my 3 year mark..wouldn’t trade it for the world
Keep up the great work.
WTG !!!
#Congratulations #SoProudofYou
He's a huge homophobe
Hi sucks!
We just need new music now
nah nah nah he’s homophobic he’s been cancelled forever

30 days today.
Very proud of both of you!!! Breaking boundaries and staying ON the wagon!!!
#Motivated #Encouraged #giftsandgraces #bethechange #riseabove #keepfaith #leadwithlove
GET HIM IN THE SHOW PLS
Congrats
We luv u
Congrats Marshall, wish you could speak to my son! Love to you.
Congratulations on 10 years!!!
Ellen can do no wrong http://WWW.ARTBEAUTYDECOR.COM pic.twitter.com/HDXkqNthxA
Well done mate on ur 10 years...it would b a tear drop if it was a prison sentence lol
That pin looks so cool!!
Nice job Marshall !!! Proud of you man !!! @Eminem
hi
@TheEllenShow , thank you for sharing! Kelly, @ShnuggyStewart
GRACE
Congratulations! That’s huge!!
His music hasn’t sounded the same for ten years which sucks
:))
@ShnuggyStewart , Congrats! @Eminem ! Amazing :) So happy for you. Love your music! Kelly Kantowicz Stewart, @ShnuggyStewart
Me 2
Congratulations man. One day at a time.
Celebrating 10 years since your music was good
Except for a couple rough nights, I celebrate 53 years this summer - can I get on your show?
Any Moment now and that death rock will fall from the sky and usher instinction upon mankind. Fingers crossed.
Way to go! No small achievement to be sure!
Great going proud of u
So impressive! Congrats!!
There are no two people in the world that I want to meet, you and Eminem. I would do ANYTHING!
I'm proud of you for being proud of him.
When areyou going to bring him to your show . I will love to see my two favorite people in the world together pretty pleasepic.twitter.com/DZaVjeJJbD
Congrats
He needs you to invite him to the show! Also, did @rosenberg pick up the phone yet?
i love icons supporting icons
Congratulations for your hard work and determination.
That’s a awesome chip.....better than Vegas
So proud, keep up the great work you do
Ellen where is your boy Jesus Campos? The security guard from the Vegas shooting that disappeared after your bs show
2 days for me now
Great job, @Eminem! That is a phenomenal accomplishment!
Way to go!!
He inspires me with my struggle
Congratulations
Ellen hates misogyny. Also Ellen, loves Eminem and is proud of him.
I lost my cousin 3 weeks ago to an overdose. He was clean for almost 5 months. It was the old "just one more hit". Unfortunately that last hit got him. I've been a fan of yours since day one and to see you at 10 years. Man. Well done Em. Congratulations and stay strong.
My bday is coming up on the 29th...congrats!!
invite him to your show plzzzzzz
Proud of Marshall too Please help this Promposal get to Brendon Urie https://youtu.be/cOsqfaBC9tk  @brendonurie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWadjNzYX5E …
Will @Eminem ever come on ur show?any chance?
That's great. Congratulations.
Good for you emi !!!!!
He just traded one addiction for another. Now he is jonesing for Trump's attention...
thank you my dear sweet friend
CONGRATS!! I'm celebrating over 21 years but still take one day at a time.
Bless you always sweetie. For being a strong but, true blue to you person! The love we have for thy oneself will always be our riches.
I admit that I wasn’t a huge fan back in the beginning. But I put aside my concerns and listened to the songs. At 60 I’m a bona fide Eminem fan, past and present and am proud to see the positive life choices he has made.
That’s awesome. Great to see. I love your music.
Congratulations sweetheart !!!
Congrats that is awesome keep it up
EMINEM IS TRASH
My brother got his 11 years April 20th! Congrats
Keep up the good work, one day at a time.
Awesome amazing I guess you found the god of your understanding June 25th will be 5 years with a clear head thank you God so grateful
Nice
Awesome job Marshall you make all of us proud of youb
Awesome!!
Good for you, man. I’m happy for you.
Congratulations 10 years is awesome. I'm at 9 but I have slipped a day here and there so I don't know if that means I have to start over from the last time. Either way we have won the battle. You're great.
Well , your a new you one day at a time (:)
Me too..nothing warms my heart more than when he "raps" about murdering gays, tying girls to beds and setting the house on fire, and stabbing people..im glad hes such a role model..pic.twitter.com/SEDpaREZDG
#Run4Allison
Yes! Thank you. I have 58 days today .
But he’s white and I thought you were ashamed of whites. I’d say make up your mind but that’s been problematic in the past.
So, so proud of one of my all time favorite rappers
Congrats!! Love your music!!
I hardly drink, just smoke 420 n chillax watch a film play some games wake up feeling great.
It may not mean anything coming from me, but WAY TO GO!!!! MARSHAL. I have a few years under my belt too. Cruise thru the good daze and smile thru the bad.pic.twitter.com/Ya5VV3V2zJ
Congrats Eminem!!
So happy for you @Eminem such a great accomplishment. You should be so proud!!!
Congratulations!
Keep up the good work. You most be so proud of yourself
Super proud of you buddy. That's awesome work, I just got my 7 year coin on the 11th.
That’s a big deal man, congrats and much love to you!
https://www.gofundme.com/5dt5xxk 
