It's as if Kim's been conditioned to think  anyone will listen to her say anything and be interested, which she has. This was so boring. It's society's fault.
Hello Ellen
#CongratsWestFam
#LoveCouple
#FamLife
Thanks, For the heads up, I’ll pass..never understood , their appeal in the 1st place
Classless. Hopefully she was asked about her crazy husband!!
Love you Ellen
I am so over Kim.
Bet if u guest robert pattinson and kristen stewart for sees fire haha
Nope. Won't be watching. I will not support the Kardashians in any way.

WHO CARES NO REALLY WHO CARES
Ugh, Ellen why? We get enough of them already, she puts herself everywhere!
That's fantastic! You go Ellen Degeneres!! 
Please share. I humbly appreciate anything you can do.

Why do you give her screen time Ellen?!
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawnnnn
@TheEllenShow you and your show was so much better without all of those Kardashian’s please take your head out of their asses unless they are cutting you a check then continue with your head in. I stopped watching you because you always have one of them on your show.
I feel like the kid who just had it confirmed that Santa isn’t real 
WHY???
sorry i'm electively deaf
Sorry Ellen love u but really ? Kartrashians?
No one want to hear what got to say so why watch no one cares
Ugh
So it was F-up when Tristan cheated on Khloe? How bout when Tristan did it to his lst baby Momma ??
Karma for the K's 
Should of known better Tristan is a 
Trash with money.  You would have to pay me to watch.  This lowers the quality of your show, Ellen.
What I’m sick of is how much airtime Ellen gives this family.
Me too!
Pass
“The Ellen DeGeneres Show.” Her net worth is $360 million as of April 2017. Her annual salary is $75 million, according to Celebrity Net Worth"
At some point kindness could translate into intervention.  Don't want your core message to be diluted, but the K group may lead to more q's than kindness.

Interesting that you invite her but none of the powerful, femal leaders in the Pres Trump admin. Intolerance of liberals.
Can she plze get @kanyewest on his proper meds for BiPolar? It's nothing to be ashamed of.  They have tons of money & resources. Get him stabilized!!!!
I'm  Ellen has her on her show since her hubby is besties w/Trump. I know his views aren't hers, but she supports him in his beliefs, instead of saying babe this is not the way. If he wanted 2 talk sensibly, I'd sit & listen. I just feel like he lost his way when his mom died
If you don’t like it don’t watch. But stfu in the mean time!
If you need a facial acupuncture, pls let me know with my pleasure
Should’ve asked if K was taking a cue from TS and doing mysterious tweets to promote new record
I am a van of kim and you know I got love for ellen.


Eww
Ellen I am asking for 1dollar from friends list on Twitter so I can save my mobile home. My husband lefted me after 19years for a another woman in  Russia. I am disabled and can't work. I just need a little prayer for me. I am imbarrsed about this.thank you Ann tichenor

Ohhhh Ellen you’re boring.. yawn.
Sorry Ellen I will have to pass on this show.  
 @TheEllenShow but switching off if any Kardashian is on - they're of no interest and have nothing to contribute I'm sorry to say #switchingoff
Kanye and Kim are doing this to promote his album. They are putting American through hell so they can make more money by associating with Trump. God help us.
Sorry Ellen but that’s another show I’ll skip.
Ellen, why? I tried so hard to see what people see in the Kardashians, and it never happened. What they stand for (money and fame, blah blah blah) is repulsive. Especially today. You can do better than this, Ellen. And we, your fans, deserve better than you promoting this fam.
Not a fan of the Kardashian’s. She (or the rest of her family) does nothing for the world she lives in.
Can't wait to see her
Why do you feed into them. Zero talent. Nothing of substance I won’t watch
Ellen why do u give them so much publicity? They contribute absolutely nothing to society other than superficiality and ignorance. That's not what ur show is about. Won't b watching on Monday, thanks for the heads up.
Why Ellen? What would anything about Kayne West or Kim Kardashian be of interest to me? Do you really need them as guests? Totally irrelevant..
Sorry Ellen. I'm a HUGH fan but I draw the line at K.K. 
WON'T be watching her shameless self promotion. (Could someone please remind me WHY she is "famous"??)
So disappointed you had her on. She did such a disservice to people who have to use a surrogate
No thanks
Tell her to keep her fucking clothes on. No one wants to see it
Spin doctor is in
At least she has clothes on.
Oh please Ellen so many more worthy people to have on your show.
I can’t wait to watch! Thanks Ellen

It’s amazing how a woman who made money doing sex tapes becomes an Idol
Won’t be watching then.

She kept it cute
I don’t even know how you could continue to have this family on after the tirade this week, not to mention the past. They spit at everything good you stand for. You are better than a ratings game, Ellen.
Who cares lmao... Btw didn't expect this from Ellen
Yay!!!! She’s wearing clothes!!... 
Maybe she can just say Bye and go away.
unfollow
Good day to skip the show.  Sorry Ellen
Here we go I knew it was a matter of time Lmfao never fails
Ellen will smooth it all @parezhilton 
Why does this alway's happen

Not watching. Just not interested.
Ærlig talt

Still no segment on the little black girl who's trying to make the water in flint clean... Ellen do better... this the umpteenth time Kim has been on your show we don't care
Kim should talk on @WendyWilliams show 
Love Ellen ,; Love the Kardashians; god bless them all!!!!!
I went to this episode and it was taped pre red-pilled Kanye so unfortunately she won’t be talking about any of his ”free thinker” tweets  (unless they taped an extra segment)
No thanks
Mmmmh. Not that compelling...
Come on Monday already 
Am I the only one who is sick of all things Kardashian?
This family is not a spiritual experience to be had by everyone!


Get Kanye

#VitalSocialIssuesN'StuffWithKelly
DONOT PROMOTE HER ELLEN
She’s cancelled that’s why
Is she going to use a bunch of money to help the 39k+ homeless veterans or address the UN report of the growing number of Americans living in third world standards or that an alarming amount of Americans or in poverty, nah I doubt it
I'm guessing, no.
I'll be watching the show today. #Ellen
When it comes to the Khloe and Tristan issue you lose him like you got him. Khloe hooked up with him when his girlfriend at the time was 3 months pregnant lose him like you got them don't feel bad for you Khloe
She talked about Khloe as well. I saw it on #tmz
I love you Ellen.  Thanks for the heads up.   I record your show and will FF through this portion.
Ick.
If a Kardashian speaks do people listen?  How many viewers did you lose today?
Keep her at home
Thanks for the warning!
She’s stupid!!
Cleaning up for her husband.
I hope you counter with what is bothering all of us with Kanye...Trump.
I don't care what she has to say. I wish everyone felt the same. She has contributed nothing good to our culture.

Ellen you interview one & the same people now & again can't you live the Kardashians alone & look another direction?Oh no!!!!try the Braxtons for a change
Who cares what she has to say.
Kim again? No thank you.
Thank you for the warning Ellen - noooooo! You are SOOO much better than Kim K Ellen!

No thanks
Yay!!! I knew a #KUWTK would be on soon. 
Of course she does, especially about her maniac husband
Sorry, no. Not interested in anything she has to say and less interested in what her hubs is up to.
Instead of talking about the Kadashians, why not have this wonderful young man on your show.
If the president won't honor James Shaw Jr., we will! 

James Shaw Jr. is paying for the funeral of each of the four Waffle House shooting victims out of the gofund…
@katietays deffo an emergency appearance haha
I'd rather watch the golf channel. She must be selling something
Did she call the couch ahead of time and ask it what it was going to wear orrr.... #awkward
why do you support her ?? This confuses me so much 
Unfortunately, in the end everything is about money. Or in this case, ratings. Sad
exactly  so sad pathetic.
I don’t understand why everyone is making a big deal about her husband.. is it bc god for bid he goes against Democrats.. honestly I look for entertainment if I want to hear about politics I turn on the news enough already
You can do better, Ellen.
Ellen i love you, however the black community has a real problem with Kanye West right now. I would humbly ask that you please not prop this man up currently.
Yeah, a lot to say :- clarifying his racist husband's psychotic behaviour these days, clarifying her hypocritical side (tweets) and crying over how thier karma hitting 'em.
Ellen you’re better than that.
Ask her what’s with her always being naked
why do you promote her?
No thx. No need to listen to her Sarah Hucksterbee Slanders impression.
Now ellen is a trumper ?
Stop utilizing REAL problems and real discourses for your own profit.....
I really dont care anymore. Can’t we have someone to uplift the people. Not talk about her husband who clearly going about the wrong way a marketing campaign for his new albums. Yes fine free speech and thought. But you got young kids who need leaders not ranters!!!
Oooo...
Can we not give these people any more publicity?  Nothing they say is of any substance
I’ll guess I’ll watch Ellen but just so you are up-to-date #KimandKayneAreOver and Swifties are rejoicing about KARMA!
Seriously why do we care what kim or kanye have to say ??? Seriously
Kanye's just upset that Kim gets more attention than he does.
waiting For Stormy Daniels ..
Remind Her She Is A Mother And Too Stop Sharing Filthy Pics Of Herself With Nothing On ,Respectable Women Don't Act Like Whores!
You don't sound progressive
Thanks for the heads up! #fastforward
Nope
Sorry... color me not interested.
Thanks for the reminder NOT to watch ur show on Monday.
Why? 
I’ll pass. 
Gross!
@remont_mebeli_  Круто!!!
Hey Ellen!!  I am a fan of yours, your caring heart and what you do for others.  Why one sided though?  Why not have President Trump on your show.  You do have a lot of fans who do support our President.
She’s out on damage control
ooh yes,she definitely have a lot to tell
None of it worth hearing though.
Now is your chance to help heal division in America. Conservatives are not racist, we want all Americans to succeed! We don’t like the name calling and we’re not homophobic. We love America and our constitution. Don’t be afraid to like us!! @realDonaldTrump
NO.
Spoken like a true racist. Bet your parents are proud
Looking forward to it. Hopefully the picture will get a bit.. clearer. ;)
Why?
good luck justifying that her husband is the donald's new best friend.   I can see former fans jumping ship as fast as they can.
and here is an example LOL
no no, im good
This is what pisses me off as well. You are giving people who support heat, you’re giving them a platform on your show. Done
*hate
I've got to hand it to Kim, she married KellyAnne Kanye @kanyewest - the one person out there more clueless than her. Their relationship evolved like a @BachelorABC episode, except they somehow "dialed up the dumb". #KellyAnneKanye #dumbanddumber
WTF is going on. I am done with the Kardashians, Kanye. He is supporting a president who is creating anti-LGBTQ laws. I don’t understand how ur supposed to be a role model, yet have people on who pose nude for so they could get likes on social media. Done with all the shock
For Better for worse right? She gotta say what she gotta say. Its called Marriage. 

#MakeKanyeGreatAgain
Why Ellen? Why?
Lol kim and kanye are cancelled like a decade ago
Lol Taylor swift doesn't even have the guts to say whom she voted for because she wants trump supporters to buy her album, which flopped anyway
YEP IT FLOPPED.
Adele's 21 outsold Taylor's entire discography
Not watching.  I just can’t with them.
LOL BOTH HER AND KANYE ARE CANCELLED
I can't watch. I love her as a person but I have no respect for her as a woman.  Can that be possible? I  YES.
It's baffling why u continuously give the K's attention.
