I love that about Ellen that she gives so much and so many times.
ur always give ur audience something nice. Ur the best

Please @TheEllenShow give me just one of those Cards rest i will arrange .. I want a Ps4 pro 
@TitusOReily very funny show last night and that’s from someone without a team #yeswedoexist #melbournecomedy
Would love to send you a present Ellen! We're one of the first companies to release biodegradable swimwear! Happy #earthday
Hi Ellen; I have sent you several messages about myself being on GoFundMe( Gary Alan Taylor), you see I have Leukemia and all the treatments have caused my teeth to fall out. I am on disability with Medicaid/Medicare but they don’t pay for dental. I live on $700 a month; Help me!
Where is my gift? If you let me choose I would ask for chemotherapy for Venezuelan children.
HAVE ARIANA ON NEXT WEEK @ArianaGrande @scooterbraun !!!!!!!! #NoTearsLeftToCry
Any chance of giving some lucky Twitter followers some gifts? Happy 4/20
#EarthDay  
Yay to earth day this is the only planet that we can live on till now 
And so funny and work for Target I'm sitting in the parking lot on break right now and then I see that they sponsor part of of the Earth Day program you have anywho Ellen you're amazing thank you for all the work you doing the community
I just wanted to know if I could receive the Earth day gifts thank you in advance
Ellen for prez 2020
#EarthDay #JailScottPruitt
LOL Ellen. Yes, sometimes the simplest things make a big difference.
#welovelightbulbs :-)
I love your generosity. Bless you, Ellen
Yea lets worship DIRT!
Me too . I'm not you'd audience but I'm your fan in faraway land. Send mine here 

The best present I'd ever have is myself and family meeting u  u're the greatest.
its my birthday too
All im asking for is a little help. I just need about 2,000$ so i can get a cheap car to go back and forth from work and to the grocery store. If you can help please do. If not please share. Just need a miracle right now 
To bad I live in holland always watch ur show with my girls.

The show was an amazing experience and you’ve made my LA trip so epic, thank you Ellen!!!
Hey, Ellen! Could you donate some of those to help feed low-income/poor families and homeless veterans?
http://www.gofundme.com/fueling-the-change … to donate!
Good job ellen..
You’re the most generous, kind hearted person in tv!!
So grateful to be featured as part of this Earth Day Giveaway!
can I be your friend :)

Hi Ellen Happy Earth day to you Ellen
Thank you so much for brining laughs and happiness with your show and your generous self. Your laugh is one of my favourites, and you’ve managed to touch and inspire a French student studying  hard for her exams. So thank you again @TheEllenShow
Wonderful ideas !!!

#SOSNicaragua  PLEASE EVERYONE SPREAD THE WORD , my country is going through some really tough time, we need international media coverage so the World know what's happening, they cancelled some t.v channels and when internatinational reporters come they confiscate their cameras.
Ellen is just so Generous #EarthDay
Tweet #kidsaremoreworththanguns to protest against weapon legislation in the US!!!
Hi! Dear Ellen
Thank You For The Gift!
This is just what I wantd to have. 
May I have some too please?
when do I get to be a beneficiary of you immense kindness???
Because nothing says “earth day” like a gift certificate from Target...  lol   So many sheeple.
#EarthDay is also my birthday!
Mrs DeGeneres always generous 
And my mother tried to tell me money didn't grow on trees.... LOL!
It's also Backstreet Boys day! 
How can I win some of those?
Wish you could bless us here in Puerto Rico Ellen
@TheEllenShow have you thought of running for President in 2020?
What do we get for 420?  I feel left out.  
~Celbrating the #Earth is always on the menu!

you have to share that on your show 
say and they say theres a bear 
loose in town
My sister Gertrude has a solar powered dildo. I don't know what a dildo is but it sure sounds eco friendly!
is it just me or are you the nicest person alive besides kate and carson hmmm i really love the people that shine positive consistantly like keep influencing me please love it
Ellen you are so awesome! Luv ya 
i want a mini cooper i told the universe i had one i was on a campaigne for sponsorship through my channel ugh if i was really popular maybe right but hey miracles are possible
Great
If you have any extras, I'll gladly take them off your hands! 
Amazon Uk !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! pretty pls


give @kaitlinwitcher one shes super cool love her channel piddleass youll like her fun down to earth gal
Degeneres queen
We need to make a difference with love 
Crazy J - Love Is What I’m Searching For (Audio)  https://youtu.be/fJ0SN3BIP4M  #ellen15
Please Help Me get on the @TheEllenShow  by retweet this Video #hiphop #Music #officialcrazyj #crazyj #ellenshow #tv #love #spreadlovenothate #support #pleaseellen #retweet #helpme #bekind #alwayslove …
Send us help plis #SOSNicaragua #SOSinss
Excellent
Target! Target! Target!  Stay on Target!
