My chihuahuas would do that for free. This is Rosie. She takes her guarding duties seriously. She does have a fun side for small people, tho.
I think he gets paid in food scraps
This is what we need more of laughter and cuteness. Thank you for sharing it put a big smile on my face
Not sure who is having the most fun here.
@awkwardlycray

This has got to be the cutest game of peek-a-boo I've seen lately! So sweet!
So amazing  to see that .
He wants her to drop him some of that food lol
Adorable
@ZachDryer cutest thing I’ve ever seen
AWWW. A dog plays peek-a-bio.

So cute. Best combination babies and puppies
Omg the two cutest things ever 
Gorgeous laughter, can't help but make you smile!
Dang it. I was planning on being pissed off all day.
...so adorable
Now for another,The Elton tribute was sad...  Elton was and is a great musician who has not only given us a song or two, but his legacy was in much more need than this pitiful salute.  Sixty years on defines this pathetic tribute.
You’re aware ur commenting on a video of a dog playing “peek-a-boo” right? 
@idairabrujita 
Me puedo morir de amor por favor!!!  @Benyide24
He's really trying to find a way to get that food off that high chair tray. Dogs are resourceful.
At the end, she's like, "Ok, I've had my giggle, now it's time to eat"! This is on so many levels of cuteness.
So much cuteness 
OMG ... sooo adorable. 
I miss the sound of a babies laughter...I have teenagers.....they suck!

Waow
I do the same thing with my dog daily.
Ellen this girl is karma and she wants to meet you so bad it is on her bucket list she is dying of cancer and only has 2 weeks left make her dream come true #cruseforkarma #kidcancer #EllenDeGeneres #Ellen
She’ll not die
She is she get weaker everyday
I know, but she will always be alive.
That is true
@AlysonLubrano
Awh bella needs a dog
WE all need a dog 
This summer!
@LaurenBabcock
I love this.
Ellen is a pig!
@AlanzosBlog
Babies without object permanence r the best!
@ChloerunnerRT
Harder to get a job at Panera than the White House.
Wow
@Poochy_Mumma
Totally adorable!!!
Adorable 
@shivali_singh 
"I hope he charges more than 15 an hour. "
@JohnStamos : Soooooooooooooooooooo cute!! 
Olha que amor @BarlettaGarcia
Whoever says dogs don't have souls... #mansbestfriend #morehumanthanhumans #bestbabysitter
@pooja_datre
@CalleePfeiffer  another one
Adorable 
anybody going to ellens show soon, can you please message me ASAP i have some questions!
Hhhhhhhhh
Is that jack Russell?
nice
Cute
Ahhhhhhh~ lol
This is so sweet
Soooooooo cute
too cute
@TheEllenShow
I know I'm having the most fun right now!
cute
This is a whole other level of cuteness 
Omg lol must have been what i was like. Actually kinda looks just like I did.
We need to make a difference with love 
Crazy J - Love Is What I’m Searching For (Audio)  https://youtu.be/fJ0SN3BIP4M  #ellen15
Please Help Me get on the @TheEllenShow  by retweet this Video #hiphop #Music #officialcrazyj #crazyj #ellenshow #tv #love #spreadlovenothate #support #pleaseellen #retweet #helpme #bekind #alwayslove …
Why so you can pay 4x the price? Not all of us have that ability as we are busy paying for another illegal family as well as our own.
Ooh too cute
@mahwishkxo
Why do you promote babies so much these days? Seems like every clip I see you either tweet of have on your show, (baby bowling) is about babies and it drives me insane!!  I'm trying to be happily child-free here.
Dogs and babies are weird.
Pretty cute!!

This is so precious!!! Kids and dogs.... Can't beat that combination!! 
So cute
Hi Ellen

...says the woman with unpaid interns...
Bwahahaha, worth about 8 an hour tops .
Why on earth would an account with 77+ million followers be 'promoting' tweets?

Honest question. I'm I the only one that finds this rather odd?
Haha white privilege
Why is Twitter force feeding me this horse shit
"Look, Lana! He thinks he's people!"
SUCH A CUTEE!!! LOOK AT THA PUPZEE WUBZEE!!!
I don’t think he can eat more than 15 slippers..responsibly.
You should not be allowed near children. You need serious help.
I'm going to panera! That looks awesome!
@twopirc
Skip the salad.
The dog just wants her to push some food on the floor.  Dogs are so smart.
Wont be as funny when your food gets stolen
That makes no sense.
made my day
Gotta love dogs
What do you caharge an HR. Ellen?
Ellen is a deepstate tool
Cute
That is so cute.
Long slow lines all of the time
I is now dog. Science is amazing
What?
What a wonderful, sweet respite. Thank you
The cutest thing ever
Would you pay more than 15 an hour??
so cute.
That laugh!!!! 

I couldn't stop smiling.

Why is Ellen DeGenerate always on my “promoted” tweets.   I mean, I know @jack and twitter aren’t bias, but this is getting ridiculous.

This made my day - looks like our dog!
ایول
College educated people barely make that. Your privilege is showing.
Very cute!
She is so cute.
How many cops have been shot this year ? Can we get support for these families? Blue Lives Matter -should talk to their families
Talking about Minimum Wage I hope @TheEllenShow show paid the dog & the baby for using their/image video which @panerabread promoted thru your tweet lmao I know you got a 
Ha!
@aviansai 
@TheEllenShow I hope you tweet helping me to propose to my gf. #theproposal
I’m the same way with my dogs. If you love dogs, this will be your reaction regardless of you old or young you are!
People who make the machines that will replace the people who make minimum wage appreciate all you do for the industry!
#Cute_One
Cute
Me too ellen
Where was this dog when my child was colicky??!! Love the Dog and the joy it brings the cute little girl 
Mute
Very nice
@Wiley10Mark
You are a millionaire puppet
My chihuahua just watched this video with me! He never actually looks at the screen but it was so adorable he couldn’t look away! He’s now sad it’s over!
I need a bestie just like that... laughs  like cray when she sees me, or either makes me laugh like that everytime..
I’m a full grown woman and I still act that way whenever I see a dog..
This made my day lol thanks
Love 
Cute!!
Too adorable! 

sadly no he gets paid in scooby snacks and belly rubs
You know he just wants the food on the tray!
I could use a person like you @TheEllenShow in my life.
@GoBirds700Level
Damn, that's cute! 
What cuttie pie!
Awee sge so cute. That laugh though
oh my god.soooo cute.
@iclover
Bailey, whippet and Shazam, Basenji
@TheEllenShow my two year old sung happy birthday to me last night. I thought you would appreciate this! 
Great
Peek-a-woof
she is so adorable
Wowwww
Cute
Please watch...
Funny and Cute Animals Videos #2

A girl and her dog. 
For microwavable pasta?  I'm so confused Ellen.
Seneng bgt tu anak
Lol
This doggie is so smart!
Hey  I pgotta morning
Adorbs
Best stand-pup comedian and cutest  audience ever.
Sweet
That's cute
The intelligence tho haha
Adorable!!!
Awesome 
Adorable
Cute
Awe.
No just a dog treat lmao
awww… so cute! so adorable!
Nah, cause if he makes that much they'll cut his Medicaid 
Nothing more heart swelling than the sound of a belly laughing baby 
Wow!   Notice the subtlety. She is PLAYING PEEK-A-Boo with the dog!  Peek a boo’s developmental use is teaching object constancy.
To darn cute
This so cute  & adorable
Peek-A-Boo.. I see you!!
