See @zanmarivosges in all his hotness
Thank you for always thinking of me when you see Chris hehe
Its what I do best
My fav two guys in one pic!


From the point of Thano's view, Avengers: infinity war is an inspirational story about how a purple big head boy overcame many troubles and finally realize his dream to get six beautiful stones. #AvengersInfinityWar #InfinityWars #IronMan #Thor #Spiderman #Loki die #THANOS
Can't wait to see Infinity War.....in exactly 3 hours and forty minutes and counting!! Love you Chris!!


Oh dear now there’s a GOD on #ellen15 

Not trying to flirt but I had a dream he and I were swimming in the middle of a lake or maybe it was a big pound .... LOL 

I did exactly what I’m doing now smiling to the extreme that it hurts . LOL  

#TrueStory
Well done in Infinity War Chris. The whole team got me to cry.
Saw it last night and no spoilers, but...
Thank you for making Thor an amazingly fun character. I don’t think anyone could do it better than you.
Saw the movie this morning and I'm still in awe, it is simply an amazing unstoppable roller-coaster of action and emotion, utterly brilliant

I watched infinity war ! Did i watched a wrong movie ?Seriously ? Okay I’m happy c what an unexpected climax , i’m in state of shock , i’m shivering , I cried seeing spiderman vanish . I can’t sleep , i close my eyes i recall all 
I’m not able to digest is this true what i saw .
Spoilerrrrrssss
Big and happy moments, make our life; much better.
Success It's all that the Avengers team deserves.
IM EMOtionALLY UNSTABLE WHAT THE DUCK (just saw the movie)
Will do dude, can't wait to see the film
Thank you for being you. You are such a humble & nice person. Best wishes on your future endeavors. GOD Bless You @chrishemsworth
Great great movie chris!! Really loved it

Just saw it. Funny! Love you. But.. I'm already getting emotional &anxiety about this movie.
A little gift to you. my art....
Saw the movie 3 hours ago and I'm still sad 
el mejor besos desde chile
@cathyj_222
I'm definitely going to Australia one day. I'm not scared of snakes, I'd like to avoid jellies though, and how awesome are those Koala pictures! I'm so excited for #InfinityWar I hope Thor lives!
Ellen always gives the ladies what they want #eyecandy 
Can’t Wait!  Our MN girl asked @TheRock to prom.  I’m too old, but I’d ask you to Dinner :-). If you come to MN, I’m one tweet away....
WOOT #InfinityWar
Oh... Next time just take one of your kids to the Ellen show. Or Take Ellen surfing! LOL
Hey Avenger and Thor fans! Check out my Chris Hemsworth signed Thor hammer!!!! He even wrote Thor on it
Wow, cool! How did you get it?  why did you sell it? 
He signed it for me 7 years ago while promoting the first Thor movie. It’s been in my collection since then.  Sadly need the money, and why selling it now it is very cool tho
Marvel have a lot of ‘splainin to do. Am super upset. #InfinityWarIsHere
Just out and in shock. What the f@*k Marvel? Explain yourselves right now!
Exactly!
Hilarious how embarrassed you were after the shirtless hits video 
@BarackObama @ItGetsBetter @HeForShe @WHO @Elysee @JusticeCanadaEN Created htm page with several team twitter feeds, needs work, drivers next, check it out http://climatechangemassextinction.com/html/climate-change-FormulaE.htm … #ParisEPrix #ParisAgreement @ENERGY @adriangrenier  @WBG_Cities @Cities_IPCC @POTUS @msadAndrettiFE
@dontbotherella oh heyyy lookit! 
What happens at last
Watched it full
So funny  loved it 

Welcome, the strongest avenger!!!!!!! 
God of thunder stay alive please don't leave I would miss you most of all.


Boy what a show....
Wowwww love you all ...how are you Ellen...?
Wow, nice that you appreciate Chris and his build.  Putting him on the spot and playing a video of him shirtless seems a little offensive.  I would expect a bit more from you in 2018.  I can’t imagine a male TV host doing that today to a built woman. You should reconsider.
Nice!!!
Would have loved to have seen this but I just found out my local news cut in on the Cosby case. They managed to overide this whole segment! 

Tom h mini fan page : http://Lokigirl721.weebly.com  

Support the Puerto Rico crisis.

…
@shinigamicherry
Por que não são acertou a cabeça do Thanos??????????????????????????????
Can’t believe this guy started from home and away ! #straya ! 
Will watch the movie tonight once again in its original language! I’m going to love it even more!!!
Looks like your having a blast on these press tour. I am going Saturday afternoon to watch with my kids to watch the movie here in Metro Atlanta in 3D.
You were awesome in IW!!!
BEST CHARACTER OF THE MOVIE
won’t miss it!!!

@xCriFlorx 

By the way props go out to Bobby he rocked those stunts
Hi Nico
Hello, who is this?
How are you dear fan

It was Very funny!  You're amazing! I love your job! Your Brazilian fan!
Dance for me, Ellen! XO
How is anyone ever going to one up your beauty? 
Nice shoes lol
You sir, are a class act. Love you!
Dudes physicue is on another level...
Loveee youuuu
Olá

Fav thor
Take this mustache off please
WHY DOES CHRIS WORE THOSE BUTTON DOWN SHIRTS WHYYYY
I'm a mess after this film! A mess! 
Tried to but breaking news took up the whole show . Need a replay 
Bomboooooooooonnnnn 

Is he available ?
@chrishemsworth u are the best chris
A true hunk
Hi sir., I was not ur fan before, but u just amazed the hell out us. Us means Hulk fans. But i personaly want say that., As a Hulk fan we expected more
done watching avengers 
what happen next? your hammer is the best w/ Mr. Groot 's handle.
You stabbed Josh brolin but why Josh so emotional
Ellen, couldn't I just adjust his mike ?
Lol

I got my tickets now
 ... yes thats my face and im not ashame.
hi
Heads up to anyone that hasn’t seen infinity war should probably block shooketh @Meh_jr1 because he’s posting spoilers on the marvel/avengers feed and he just ruined the film for me.
hh Run-up o uP UI kp
Brother!! "

Loved watching it!
Have you seen unflinchingly honest, breathtaking new doco Kangaroo: A Love-Hate Story #ChrisHemsworth?Maybe watch with #LiamHemsworth? #KangarooTheMovie #icareaboutkangaroos 

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1391539934302608&id=421038011352810 …

筋肉パネェ(ﾟДﾟ )
Welcome back bro
U should've went for the head
MY BABE
#savealfieevans
I thing he is so handsome #thorpower
Film was class...Even though it was the story of "hero" Thanos, you were a close second rabbit.
Hoping to see the unstoppable roller coaster action pack!! Can’t wait
"Bring me thanos"..sir youwere like.."wickedkool"
i've already saw it, since Infinity war release on April 25 on my country
but the story is . . . . seriously ???
哇～
Halo apa kabar?
Watched the first day first show. Great movie. Love u thor
I want to meet Ellen in person ;)
i love u
Love to but can’t afford spoilers! Will watch after seeing #InfinityWar  later tonight @Avengers
Infinity War was fucking fantastic! Great job!
To Ellen show wish i could be on your show love to win a prize or some money you have a great show but lots of people dont like me because i tweet messages to trump  no good
I love Thor!
Next time Chris aim at the head of Thanos 
Chris you did so well but I still want to dxe
Wow!!!!!!!

CHRRIIISSS HAZME UN HIJOOOO

12 sting was great. Keep up the good work. #0311
You had one job Thor everyone knows what to go for to make sure the dude is dead 
nice sir #thor
Our Aussie boy @chrishemsworth 
wow you look great chris and the show was great too the same the movie.congrat for all!!!
Chris....made in Australia, natural with no artificial colourings or preservatives, clearly yummy.

Is so beautiful!!!!!! ♡
Yum!
Of course there's a shirtless pic !!!! Lol not that I'm complaining haha
 Great.
Great 3 Port Car charge with one excellent cable,use this code get 15% discount: OZL4A3ZX @amazon  
https://www.amazon.com/Charger-Dikesitu-Chargers-Charger3-0-Universal/dp/B075FSTKGD/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1524792771&sr=8-3&keywords=iphone+car+charger+3+port …
oh my just love him
ONE JOB CHRIS
Avengers Infinity War was truly sensational in every respect and in every aspect @chrishemsworth it must have been such great fun making it yet a little bittersweet that its all coming to a crescendo now after a decade , BRAVO guys , BRA FUCKING VO !!!
Aww, sorry i missed you today
Yum yum

He is just beautiful 
HOLD ON
Ellen a hypebeast
The God of hotness
Tina - Accidental Death (CBS) Draft Script Scene #11
Tina Fey & Eli DeGeneres
Married Joint Tax Filing 2017 Taxes
Invoice $900,000.00 Accidental Death & Suicide Watch Draft Scripts
This takes us to end of p. 228, I will post Scene #12 tomorrow for CBS.
OFFICER WILLIAMS
(stands up)
The Mr. Panther production crew will be flying back to LA later this week, we’re going to contact LAPD about having Detective Robinson come to NYC to discuss the case and examine the evidence.
OFFICER BLOCH (CONT’D)
(stands up)
This afternoon I will be speaking to Detective Robinson in North Hollywood to discuss the case, he should have a lot of insight about how a homicide like this would be carried out on the set.
The insurance claim adjusters put the documents back into their leather binders and all of them get up from the table in the interview room.
OFFICER BLOCH
(sits at table)
We also have to consider the possibility that it was coordinated, there are a lot of components involved in shooting a motion picture film.
CLAIMS ADJUSTER MATTHEWS
(looks at document)
The Stunt Coordinator said that the two production assistants were selected that morning, which means that either of them would have had the access to the wires.
CLAIMS ADJUSTER PETERS
(looks at document)
The production assistants are all trained to work with the equipment by Summit Studios when they are first hired by the studio.
OFFICER BLOCH
(looks at document)
During initial questioning, the Assistant Director said that both of the production assistants were assigned to the stunt during a meeting early in the morning for all of the production assistants.
Officer Bloch and Officer Williams look at the documents and the glossy photo, they take another document out of the case file folder.
OFFICER WILLIAMS
(sits at table)
In the morning, the Assistant Director said that all of the equipment is checked by the Stunt Coordinator before they begin shooting takes.
OFFICER BLOCH
(sits at table)
When we interviewed the production assistants, they said that the rig was setup early in the morning. The Stunt Coordinator said that he checked the rig in the morning before the stunt double started shooting takes.
OFFICER WILLIAMS
(sits at table)
The first wire snapped when Jeff Manning was halfway up the building during the stunt, which means the wires must have been switched after the stunt double finished shooting the stunt in the morning.
CLAIMS ADJUST PETERS
(sits at table)
This is a photo of the rig used for the wires – the stunt double was able to shoot several takes before Jeff Manning put on the harness.
Claims Adjuster Peters takes out a glossy photo from the file folder and puts it on the metal table in front of the two officers.
OFFICER WILLIAMS
(sits at table)
In these types of cases, we typically find multiple scenarios leading to the homicide. Any of them would have had the access to Jeff Manning’s wires, they all said that the wires were switched before Jeff Manning put on the harness for the stunt.
OFFICER BLOCH
(sits at table)
We also questioned Dan Richardson the Director, the Assistant Director and the Stunt Coordinator – any of them would have had access to the wires before Jeff started shooting the stunt.
OFFICER BLOCH
(sits at table)
For the initial police report, we interviewed the two production assistants.
Got to see this on my lunch break at work! Definitely a highlight of my day!
CLAIMS ADJUSTER PETERS
(sits at table)
In addition to the Stunt Coordinator, the Assistant Director and Director also would have had access to the wires for the stunt. All of the production assistants hired by Summit Studios complete a training for working on stunts.
Tina - Accidental Death (CBS) Draft Script Scene #11
Tina Fey & Eli DeGeneres
Married Joint Tax Filing 2017 Taxes
Invoice $900,000.00 Accidental Death & Suicide Watch Draft Scripts
These are the new pages of Scene #11 for CBS.

Chris is such a beautiful soul! His inside matches his outside! 
Dear Lord!!! Aaahhhhhh how can I get that spot on Chris's back!?!? 
Looking good
Do have a listen to our podcast where we review the movie WHICH WE LOVED! https://twitter.com/SmashTheMediaUK/status/989608902667984897 … #InfinityWar (CONTAINS SPOILERS!) Thanks!!!
'INFINITY WAR' SPECIAL OUT NOW!

Danny and Guy saw 'Infinity War' AND THEY NEED TO TALK ABOUT IT! (CONTAINS HUGE SPOILERS)…
I love you.
I want a private interview 
You should definitely follow me... Give a new actor a chance
Time for a vacation in byron bay now right
#ThanosDemandYourSilence


Tina and Mom - MFA Screenwriting CSUN 2018 With Distinction
Eli DeGeneres Press Release
GPA 4.0
MFA Writing Columbia University 2019
EMBA Accounting Columbia University 2021
JD Columbia University 2022
*Columbia has my permission to release about my admission to 3 grad schools.
Tina and Mom - MFA Screenwriting CSUN 2018 With Distinction
Eli DeGeneres Press Photos with MIC Staff
GPA 4.0
2018 CSUN Honors Convocation Medallion
*CSUN also has permission to post the photo of me with the Matador Involvement Center staff on their website.
I just got back from watching Avengers Infinity War and it’s so good!!  Literally can’t wait for the next one, it better happen :)
Tina and Mom - MFA Screenwriting CSUN 2018 With Distinction
Eli DeGeneres Press Photos with CSUN Baseball Team
GPA 4.0
2018 CSUN Honors Convocation Medallion
*CSUN also has my permission to put the photo of me with the baseball team on http://GoMatadors.com .
Tina and Mom - MFA Screenwriting CSUN 2018 With Distinction
Eli DeGeneres Press Photos
GPA 4.0
2018 CSUN Honors Convocation Medallion
*CSUN has my permission to put the photos on the Alumni Website.
Rico
Ron flicks the screen on his iPhone and scrolls through the page, “I’m also taking Screenwriting II, Film Editing, Post-Production I and Scene Study for Shakespeare films,” Ron says as the student in front of Cody goes up to the front desk with his Major Declaration Form.
Ron looks at his iPhone to see his NYU schedule, “Sophia and I are both taking a film seminar – Creating Feature Length Films, she’s a double major and also takes English classes,” he says as the next student goes up to the front desk.
Cody walks back over to the line of students where Ron is standing, “What 
film classes are you taking for fall semester?” he asks as he unzips his blue Herschel backpack and takes out the NYU folder.
Cody puts his red skateboard down and walks over to the plastic display to take out one of the forms. The receptionist at the desk looks at a form from a sophomore and types his NYU Student ID number into the computer as Cody takes the form out of the plastic display.
So, I’m applying to NYU’s MBA program to have a better chance of getting into business school,” Cody says as they stand in line. The registrar’s office is filled with sophomores and juniors holding forms to declare their majors,
As they walk into the registrar’s office, a line of students with their fall semester schedules stand in front of the front desk, “I want to apply to Columbia Business School, but the acceptance rate is only 18%.
Ron looks at the fliers posted on the window of one of the NYU buildings as they walk up to the registrar’s office, “I’ve always wanted to make films in NYC, this is one of the best universities in the country for film studies,” he says as they walk into the building together.
Cody slowly rides his red custom skateboard down the sidewalk, “I wanted to finish college in NYC and get the job I want after I graduate,” he says as they walk past various academic buildings towards the registrar’s office.
