
Hahahhaha
Seriously? So when we talk about the dead soldiers that died under my command, we are talking about their lives? I can’t believe this nation elected two orangutans for President, you and Obama!
Really? who are you talking to, elementary kids? war is war and you have love war to the point to invent weapons of mass destruction, lies.
You have a right to your opinion but my opinion is you don’t get it- as someone who went to war I know exactly what he means and I agree. And in future try to show some respect. Attacking people who can’t really respond lacks class.
You went to war so im not going to disrespect you. But the only reason you r saying this is because youve been in it and invested time in all this so you r emotionally attached but if u just look at the picture from afar u will see that its complete rubbish.
After a career as a Marine, I secured a job running global investigations for a major financial institution and my team has helped catch all manner of horrible people around the world.But in your mind I am too simple to accurately see an issue. Thanks for the confidence :(
We can have peace once we crush terrorists. #CrushISIS #Bustupdictatorships
Unfortunately thats not true. When u crush criminals/ terrorists/ any kind of bad person, you will only create more anger and more revengeful ideas for their kids and they will continue the path of stupidity and anger. Sad but true
I sell my mind soul and body for you and best friends to join Ku Klux Klan Germany  full culture forever
Try that again it made no sense at all.
George W Bush! Isn’t it time you stood up and apologized for allowing the AR-15s back on the streets???
All people sayin there's a time for  and a time for war are complete imbeciles.There's no time 4 there's no time for war.There is just time and time itself.And some of us dont have a lot of time, so forget all thos war and peace talk.Start living and usin ur time for good
Politicians are asleep.They have always been.Dont we learn as children that when u have a conflict with some1 you shld TALK it out nd not use violence? Then wtf r these so called politicians doing?! -.- wake up mister bush wake up ..there is no peace in war.
LOL bring the 900 tons of peace to the middle east my guy!

You’re the one that took us into Iraq to settle a feude your father lost to Hussein. That war was about peace? You’re an embarrassment the way you are acting. All the time Obama was destroying our country & increasing the corruption, you remained silent. Why speak now? Ugly!!
What peace was made in Libya ?
You talk about war how many have you fought in.
First class! And we know it.
Your wrong. You're talking about how you make money in war and how people die for population control. Why the NWO wants WW3
Jesus knows exactly what you are talking about!
Men wage war to get peace. President after President sent someone else's kids to fight in the FAILED VIET NAM WAR. NO WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION. Still stupid.
Than don't hate on Trumpsters!
@POTUS is cleaning up the mess you and ur buddy Obama created. Typical politician double speak. So disappointed in both you and your father.
nothing but a jew zionist war monger puppet
What a stupid sentence.
NO-When you talk about war you MEAN WAR-To control & take over all money & force once financially independent countries to fall to bankers!
Iraq's doing so great now because of you, Warmonger. You got us into Afghanistan too. Go away and hide somewhere with Obongo.
I regret that you ever were Governor of Texas and POTUS. You have done harm to our country. Get lost and good riddance.
You have some nerve Obama wars nearly doubled yours and Trump is cleaning up both of you all's huge mess all over the world
I’m so sorry that I voted for you, I wish I could take the votes back . Isn’t that a daisy!
The Shell Game!
I see racism on the part of Dems and blacks, not republicans nor whites. You sold out. You are over.
You are a sell out and I am disgusted by your speech. The racism is against any republicans/whites. Everyday I see it.
There's a time for war and a time for peace, right now, u don't call the shots.  No new world order for u.  Get over it.
You and Clinton And Obama talk about the money you can make selling guns
Right. Lets go kill & conquer to get peace. The dead are silent. NWO peace is slavery. This meme won't work anymore seeing you for what U R
You and your Saudi buddies were never interested in peace.  You're interested in oil.
Amen
When you & Blair made war with Sadame Hussain, not for peace in Middle East , you made a bad situation a whole lot worse
Sir mr.president, you are cracka lacking
That's so funny
Lol
I hope it ! The diplomatic talks, targeted sanctions must be privileged AFAP because the war never gives good results & it is also expensive
https://youtu.be/ALq3ewgaKE0 
Dad and Mom and I voted for you George W Bush your not a cruel Man like Trump Vincent and I agree @Thresholdsctrs @ASlavitt
Were even scared to send out Christmas cards that said, "Merry Christmas."
You let the Saudis flyout on 911. They fund common core! Not good
You will be judged harshly. How many Americans have died in Iraq? Their blood is on your hands. No weapons of mass destruction found. You
Funny, England had intel that they had WMD, UN inspectors said they were hiding something but u say its on him.
control my mind soul and body forever and help me with everything
yo
I sell my mind soul and body Ku Klux Klan and Nazi skinheads royality billionaire real life real billionaire documents foot fetish jesus?!$#
to fulfill Isaiah!
Why isn't there an Office of Muslim Properties and Internment Camps for them? This isn't advanced psychology! Its simple!
You know, I am so aggravated by this Terrorist, Middle East, Black Muslim situation. I am ready to open some Internment Camps
WOE to those who call GOOD evil and EVIL good.  (The Bible)
the terms of which can only be decided by the capitulating agressor with the free world or the defeat of aggression upon us.
when invading Iraq and disbanded the Iraqi army we released the Sunni genie which became ISIL.
Come FALL in love with the Giant Pandas in Chengdu, China. Let China Eastern connect you to Chengdu and hundreds of other adventure hot-spots across China & SE Asia. http://us.ceair.com/en/ 
