You said nothing for 8 years of your presidency while you were trashed by the Media and 8 years of the Obama Administration and left with under 30% approval. Nobody cares what you have to say.
why didn't you drill for oil in this country? You had 8 years.
R there any cops or firefighters from New York that don’t think the murders on 9/11 weren’t set up? CIA Insider Tells truth about 9/11 attacks https://youtu.be/0kG1CcVE0UQ  #911Truth #911WasAnInsideJob #911 #GeorgeWBush #FalseFlag #CFR_Violations #cfr #SkullandBones #Freemasons
What kind of weed are you smoking???
I have one question for you sir! Why didn't your party go all in for alternative clean energy when you had to power to do so?
I can tell you why he got bribed. Also remember his grandpa Prescott Bush financed Hitler into power and wanted to overthrow Franklin D Roosevelt.
Hey GW!! The USA IS NUMBER ONE MANUFACTURER OF OIL EVEN BIGGER THAN SAUDI ARABIA!!!
You need to complain to the university at Fresno who has a teacher slamming your mother.  In the first place, she shouldn't be saying the things she is saying.  You should demand her firing. Stand up for your mother.

.
You're the big part of the middle east oil dependence please stop tweeting.
It is clear that we will be the world's largest producer of oil in a few short years. No thanks to you.

Remember daddy?   Read my lips ..no new taxes!!! And then of course he raised taxes...what a foil
Duuuhhh I looked into Putin's eyes and duuuhhh I saw his soul
America exported oil to Saudi! Do you read?
Do you work for Chamber of Commerce?
“Americans don’t want to pick cotton at 105 degrees, but there are people who want put food on their family’s tables and are willing to do that.” https://trib.al/tSLFnPO 
We can get our oil here but you are in bed with Islam!
Ya, 'big foreign oil'
you, Jr.... and your 'life's' secrets are very clear, too.... 
suggestion: live your present life quietly, with God as you understand Him 
thank you Mr Bush (Obama's predecessor)

Your the one that stood in front of all Americans  and told them we are running out of oil. The American people paid for that lie.
Costing you money? Oil corruption- all of the Bush family. Traitors to America. Sorry I ever voted for either of you.
Former President Bush, I am so disappointed to learn who you really are!  Speaking of Russia, I have seen photos of your family boating with Putin at Maine compound! Did he influence your election or that of your father! How do you know Russia interfered in 2016??! Obama??
Aren't you the same liar who told us that Iraq has Weapons of Mass Destruction?
Are you serious with these statement?  Your mastery of the obvious is astounding,,,l
WOW
Bush, your monetary gain is war and oil. Didn't God peg it when he said Babylon would once again be trade center? They also get throw in sea
Hahahahaha!!!
This traitor should be executed after found guilty of treason
I have a solution for Mexico being accountable for their criminals its call one, two three strikes your out. We prison criminals who commit crimes after three chances no more release and we outsource the jails in Mexico but fund them using Goldman sachs money. lol.
Good neighbors must have good fences and we help each other and respect each other. I think Mexico has no been a good neighbor and we need to help them become more accountable for their criminals.
Why can't we drill in Mexico to help their economy so they can help their own people and build them up. Working with Mexico can be a very nice thing to do. And maybe creating jobs there we can decrease crime.
Still pushing coal and big oil. After all these years you are still clueless.
Our new president is changing that. You should have.
Donald Trump Sword Dance in Saudi Arabia 
https://youtu.be/runYPf4Q2g8  via @YouTube
DANCE BEFORE THE $$ PURGE 
DID TRUMP TAMPER WITH YOUR BRIBES ?
NO MORE SAUDI MONEY FOR THE BUSH FAMILY ??
NO RESPECT FOR THE BUSHES ANYMORE !! 
YOU ARE DEAD TO ME NOW
THE BUSHES ARE AS CORRUPT AS THE CLINTON 
HOW MUCH OF HAITI DONATIONS WENT TO YOUR LIBRARY ?
PATHETIC BUSH FAMILY !! 
YOUR LEGACY WAS COMPLETELY WIPED OUT WITH YOUR ANTI-TRUMP SPEECH !! 
NWO - GLOBALIST !!
THE OLD MAN MUST BE SENILE TO OWN UP TO VOTING FOR THIS POS



With all due respect Sir, ALL our imports come from overseas.
What did you do to stop it when u were prez?
You started this war so stop acting like it’s someone else’s fought
Why, u and ur rich family hurting and need more money?
And yet you still support Obama and HRC.  Hypocrite. Get behind Trump!
No more!
Just as reliant on the dam FEDERAL RESERVE. The USA Corporation is BANKRUPT! Return the Republic! SOVEREIGN States to get rid of D.C.!
not since fracking!
and you did nothing to improve the situation but invade a country who had no WMD's and allowed 5000+ to die for nothing over a remark.
Then you sould if did something about it when you could of. Oh thats right you were fighting you're daddys war. Get lost
alternatives are so varied, abundant, & into práctica nowdays that no concern x arabs pressure should reduce your wellbeing.
Wow, everyone else figured that out in the 80's when your deplorable dad was in his #reign of #terror .
Why didn't you take the oil from Iraq when you committed war crimes-starting a war that killed 1/2 mil ppl? Why haven't you been charged??
You used our military for the sake of your damn Petro-Dollar and your globalist agenda! Thanks for confirming what your intentions all along
All of the people on this thread have questions. Will you answer them or will you even read them?
I always had a soft spot for you (George) until I found out it was you and Cheney that bombed the Twin Towers and killed our people.
You're not so wise, if you believe it's all about oil.
But we don't have to be reliant on overseas. We have adequate supplies in the USA and environs. We could become a major exporter.
Everything Obama and Clinton did to you now you're helping them to do it to Trump I thought you would be more understanding
gave Obama respect and stayed out of it even when he was destroying USA and destroying your legacy and had the FBI try to put you in jail
I stuck up for you especially when they called you a racist but what now what you're doing to Trump is the same thing they did to you
Is that why it went to 4.80 a gallon when u we're in charge?
Where the fuck do you think imports are supposed to come from?
And Ray didn't your pocket
One can see, that retirement has not cured your stupidity! Our imports? Thank your father for the globalist crap!


Email proof of the troop surge submission implemented a week after submission.  Bush had rejected same idea submitted by Iraq Study Group. 
You used several ideas from the strategy I sent C. Rice that controlled the insurgency until Barack came in and withdrew troops. Credit me.
Wrong! Texas has de capacity and proven reserves that surpass the expectations of some!  Fact!
The nation depend on big oil when you was president but not anymore. You need to check to see what's happened in the last 9 months

You should know you dealt with Saudi before you were elected
Why do you speak publicly now?  Yet you were silent under Obama?
It's clear you're out of touch and like Obama should of never been president. #Sad
Hello, you're not the president.
Maybe we should send your father, he is an expert taking oil that does not belong to  him and selling it to us huh?
Go find it all in Alaska. But you know that unless those drugs messed with your head!
Isreal and the USA will take their Oil. Just watch this space. 25 Stella Maris Court. Bideford. North Devon. GB. From nothing to everything

And the oil giants from overseas needed to import our tech . I wonder who got rich there ?


Bush , of it all comes from overseas why did u Make such a disaster over there w a "war on terror"
Then had Jeremy Hammond arrested for breaking into it :D he was trying to expose fraud . He got locked up for a 9yr sentence

Yea It's clear. How well the Clintons and the Bush's rigged the books and sold security to Iraq
Noticed you've been very quiet recently. It would be nice to know what you think about USA political scene. That is if you still care...
ONLY because America has been restricted from drilling for its OWN oil!
control my mind soul and body forever and help me with everything
I sell my mind soul and body for you and best friends to join Ku Klux Klan Germany  full culture forever
REALLY? ISN'T THAT HOW U GLOBALISTS GET RICH? SELL ARMS 4 OIL! ..  U TRAITOR 2 THE AMERICAN PPL! U SHD B IN PRISON FOR  911
anyway, sorry for the long tweet. I'm just afraid for America. I'm thinking of you fondly. I hope all's well. Hi to Laura
basically, to do whatever he wants to with no regard for the people. And I can't help thinking, if only he didn't have e.o...
And what we have now...
and he issues executive orders left and right: to kill the epa, to kick out undocumented immigrants..
man, a good president, but a little strict (and he never invited me to one of his parties, which I've heard are epic).
secrets, used e.o. MUCH more than you did, especially if people were disagreeing about things he wanted done. He was a good
the time to think that it was just "the way things went."
And what happened? Obama, a decent man, but definitely one with
rubbing his hands in glee over it), but there were too many and it went on too long, long enough for children growing up at
with regret. I understand why you fell back on e.o. as a very useful tool after 9/11 (and I'm sure Cheney the Heartless was
our country was founded; even Washington used it once while he was in office, but past presidents used it rarely and usually
from a bill proposal through various steps before becoming a law to Executive Order.
Executive order has been around since
your administration that I believe should have been rescinded before you left office: the change in our system of lawmaking
that you didn't TRY to lie. It's just that when you did it was all over your face.
However, something came into vogue under
I'm beginning to think that you were the most honest president we've had perhaps since this country was founded. And it's not
Dear Dubya,
Do you mind if I call you Dubya? It's an awesome nickname for anyone, imho. I've been thinking, and reading, and
but is that a good thing, or a bad thing, in your opinion?
dude you're in bed with all of them shut up. We're not buying your shit anymore
you tried... But instead you lies. We don't forget.
No, YOU ARE!! You and your RICH F'n family LOVE MONEY more than America & Americans. My beloved husband was so right about U!
why complain your family has gotten rich off foreign oil george!
Presidents Bush allegiance goes to Globalism and Islam not to the United States.
Only the wealthy Muslim doners :) just ask Hillary and Podesta's :) #allthemoneyisin
no one knew how bad the swamp was with you in it BUSH
your legacy of distroyinng American's along with the worst president BARACK HUSSEIN OBAMA 
Long live KING Trump
omg. Sir or Madam, do you STILL feel this way about Trump? WHY??? And why do you keep getting up on Dubya?
You along with Barack Hussein Obama have enriched your pocket by distroying working American families.
dEstroying. Yes. I'm THAT person. Sorry.
Is clearly why you only have few followers. You weren't a good president. The great Trump has almost 26millions
Trump is a horrible person and a disgusting man. I'll take Dubya back anytime. Just not Cheney please.
sir,what's your view on the Ronald J Trump administration ? ,how is it likely to impact the third world.
https://youtu.be/gwtdRtbN2OI 
If they're "imports", it stands to reason they're "from overseas".
not necessarily. Imports could come from canadia, or from Mexico and South America.
True.
@TimMcCa83814334 why?--the largest oil find is in ND..
you figure we will unite with HRC who will continue Obama administration of divide and conquer. Plus turn SCOTUS OVER TO LIBS
Why then your establishment enacted a law 2 export American oil?
.@GeorgeWBush__ Really?
Working the #StockMarket without #TradeIdeas http://www.trade-ideas.com 
