Trump wasn't my 1st choice, but he's doing a better more honest job than any other pres. In my lifetime. He goes &his supporters revolt!
Well it sure doesn’t help when you side with the radical left, and put down Trump every chance u get!  What a disappointment you’ve become. I voted for you, and was proud of you during the nightmare that was the Obama years. Little did I know you were a globalist elite.
Bush is a friend of Obama and an enemy of America.
Put the bottle and crack pipe down!! Trump is a travesty. Trump is ignorant and worldwide embarrassment, you DA. Where's your patriotism?!!
DOLT!
I didn't care much for you during  your time as President.
Wow!!!!!
Wish you were back in office so, so much.
Hope you enjoy your retirement.
What do you mean by all of us come together and unite? You are helping the division of our country by slamming our president.
Yes, W, you are helping the left to divide us. Do something useful or butt out as you did while Obama did his best to destroy us.
Coming from a Deep State puppet? Usama Bin Laden's family were business partners with yall, yall ripped Bin Laden off, so 9/11 happens, then yall lied about WMD's, killed a Dictator, lost the oil in Iraq, formed ISIS to destabilize more Mid East Countries,  Judgement day is REAL!
Grorge! You blew my mind! WHAT?? Is there legit documentation of this or just conspiracy theory material? I haven't heard of half the stuff that you listed.
Yes, The Bush's and Bin Laden family have done a lot of business together. Look these stories up on google, type in Bush family & Bin Laden family business dealings. Its true.
letting resentment, revenge, cloud your families minds? We need Trump n order 2 pick up where u left off. @Militarydotcom #1
GWs failure & obamas criminal behavior. We now have a real president. @realDonaldTrump
Thank you for you powerful, and moving speech today! Your words, & your thoughts may serve to wake up the GOP & America
Oh really? how R his words going 2 unite us, the division created over last 8 yrs was evident by everyone. No President ever divided us more
little air strip in Nina George ever stopped by there ?
I am telling you Putin was working with Obama to get Hillary elected. And it will be proving. People call be a light witch i know what will
When I tell people something is going to happen it does. My boys won't let me tell them things because they know what I say will be.
Ashlie was born on her older brothers birthday may 19 I said 17 but I meant 19th
We need you to talk to Trump.  He is going to start a nuclear war.  He wont listen to anyone trying to moderate him.  Please help
Oh yes Kim, Trump is going to start a nuclear war. You guys just don't get it, why is Trump in the position that he is in right now?
Let me help you out, because of Clinton, Bush, and Obama. Do your homework and do some studying. What a joke!
I used to admire you now... ? Where were you when Obama was putting the screws to our country? Now you want to stand up against a fellow conservative who is making our nation great again? What's in it for you? #DrainTheSwamp
Not with u running around trying to incite people against my President. What happened to letting the new President govern.
Bring America together again:
Lock up comrade Trump and his handler, @PutinRF_Eng.
Lock up comrade Trump and his handler, @PutinRF_Eng.
Lock up comrade Trump and his handler, @PutinRF_Eng.
Lock up comrade Trump and his handler, @PutinRF_Eng.
Lock up comrade Trump and his handler.
GW,We were told that you respected the office of the 
President. Now you say that Trump makes you look good.
I could never understand why you didn’t do a 
‘Set the record straight’ press conferences instead you
Hide out like a little girl and let the Liberal press roast you.
Why are you coming out now you never said a word when Obama was in I thought you were classy for remaining silent but I guess not
I had respect for you and supported you throughout your term. After an 8 year Obama nightmare... I find you may have preferred Hillary?
RINO Says he is going to Open up on @realDonaldTrump Tell us GW When did you OPEN UP ON OBAMA?
How you propose we do that? Support Hillary? Support some 3rd party nit wit? Or support Trump?
I have lost ALL respect for you Mr. Bush! You speaking out against President TRUMP yet you were  SILENT when Barry was n office? DISPICABLE
Yes it should but this was caused by obama and Hillary so stop bashing President Trump! You keep silence on evil obama !
You r doing a lousy job uniting our country-speaking out against @realdonaldtrump-you were quiet with Øbama-Sorry i voted 4 u
Maybe to Obama and the LIBERAL MEDIA,THERE DOING THE DIVIDING.Started wit OBAMA n the col summit in New Emgland,shouldnt have done it.
And don’t forget Hillary & all the losers who are RESISTING everything the President of all US citizens is trying to do to recover from the Obama disaster.
I tweet bout Obama n Hillary everyday bout either the double standard or THERE driving the separation in citizens in dis country.Especially how MEDIA NEVER CHECKED OBAMA N HIS SCANDALS?OR ANY SCANDALS INVOLVING LIBERALS.
I didn’t know you were such a good dancer!  #1President.
I can't remember where I was when JFK was shot ! hint ? Dad was in Dallas not Tyler Texas
jeb not qualified to be pres, at all
why did you keep silent on obamas evil eight years
Just wanted to say thank you for speaking out against bigotry and your public support for democracy. A reality tv host tears it all down.
R there any cops or firefighters from New York that don’t think the murders on 9/11 weren’t set up? CIA Insider Tells truth about 9/11 attacks https://youtu.be/0kG1CcVE0UQ  #911Truth #911WasAnInsideJob #911 #GeorgeWBush #FalseFlag #CFR_Violations #cfr #SkullandBones #Freemasons
Mr. Bush, you R the reason for emergence of a Cancer called Barack Obama. Now shut up and let us fix the things
You realize this isn't his official account right? And looks like from the chaos right now with Trump running things that things are getting much worse
what's with the black eye?
Bullshit, people shall open their eyes!
Franklin Cover up
The Bush Cartel
Ask George about Nina Arkansas
You are dividing us with your comments agains our POTUS!  You voted for Hillary, why should we trust you any more?
Bush family is so corrupt! Involed in pedophilia, bank,insurance&real estate fraud, extortion, muder, assassination,treason,drug smuggling,drug-induced mind control, helping&covering up murder of 3k Americans on 9/11/01.
Thank you George W.  Democrats appreciate you very much today
Travesty. Sorry for so many tweets but Twitter limits. In '91 even my mom a life long Dem would have voted Bush but she died on 12/15/91.
u helped give rise to Bible Babylon, antiC
Your speech yesterday sounded like sour grapes and jealousy that Trump has done more than you & Obama combined in just a few short months.
Congrats Mr. President! After 8 years of the Left savaging you and 8 years of Obama tearing this Country apart...you speak. Libs love you.
Very disappointed in your speech...to say the least.
Clinton left with a balance budget. Obama walked into the 2nd depression and stopped it. Improving economy etc. all love and respect America
Clinton helped balance the budget by taking from the military. By the time Iraq hit soldiers & their families had to buy their gear. Unsafe!
I thought you and your dad were great presidents all I asked of a president is that I could respect them and the bush family did that with dignity thank you for your service
Oh good, you can start by including our present first lady into your National woman's Day posts!
We Love our President Trump too so be supportive!
Looks like you've united with the likes of Obama and the Clintons. Lost all respect...
thx for giving iraq to iran, 2008 eco collapse, jeb not pres material, did i forget ??
U were silent 8 yrs while Obama divided R country fanned racism spied on Americans Benghazi Fast & Furious Illegally wrote laws destroyed HC
Obama never said a word when Mayor Stephanie Rawlings Blake. (SRB) on Live TV Told  Our Officers to Stand down and let The Thugs destroy
Exactly, he a closet Liberal Demo, infuriating he stayed silent under Obama and comes out of the Closet to bash Trump
Under the laws of thelema naturally,  I completely agree.   Well done my dear boy.   Much love the ronin333
God bless you
Mom was getting her hair done dad doesn't remember
Your speech today was great!All I’ve heard is how you stood up for America in a time when severely needed for True Americans step forward
Thank You for putting yourself on the line! It’s sad how we now have a person who only creates more division which only hurts Americans 
Why did you not speak up when obama was letting cops get killed?
I have to say I was stunned and disappointed hearing you speak about our country Obama divided us like never before and you remained silent
After 8 long years of crickets from you Sir, we get your blah blah blah now.  It is called Bush Family sour grapes.  Extremely unbecoming.
I curse the day I voted for you
U treat Pres. Trump terribly! I was proud of you as my President once. I will always love your mom and Laura. You never spoke out about BHO!
Mr. President I am a den didn't agree with u but I knew u are a honorable all living prez talk LOUD
Oh sure, I'm sure you were hating on Busch when he was president. We know who you guys are
yeah sure, if U truly understd business,U would know..if Trump screwed1/3 of people you claim he would never accumulated his great wealth!
TO unite step one is jailing SOROS, CLINTON 'S OBAMA, AND YOUR FATHER WHO WAS CIA when john f Kennedy was murdered. Wasn't he on sidewalk?
Very interesting, I knew an older gentleman that served along with his father and says the same thing you do
JFK  was a populist pres that didn't follow Bush and council on foreign relations. When he became a threat they killed him for it.
Really!  and you & your dad are verbally bad mouthing our President.  I'm appalled by the two of you & hv lost all respect. You're being a bully because your bother lost. You're also losing the respect of Americans.
You Said nothing when Obama divided us.  I feel dirty that I supported and defended you.
Bush laid low and got richer under Obama’s swamp policies!!
Why don't you try doing that? We have the Greatest President in Office We've Ever Had! Respect him!
"A lalala long - Bob Marley"
"Aw Shit - Wiz Khalifa"
"Tip Toe - Jason Derulo"
Boys town
u did not criticize worst evil pres obama in history, now u have alot of nerve

I can’t believe how many people thought this account was real. 
Then why did U not stand up to support Dr. Jackson for VA director. We all know of your great support of our Veterans.. YET, U failed to support a man who also knows what it means to be a Veteran, and might Have been best choice for this job. Managers have not worked out well!
I'd like an answer Pres. Bush!  PLEASE
Is This Account Even Real?
You should become the president of crypto
Well you are have treated Trump terribly and Killary belongs in jail as does Obama! Not very proud of you!
I came alone when thinking of Barbara’s Bush.
We will forever miss Barbara’s Bush.... 

President George W. Bush you Rock. Thank you for making America Safer and Stronger
I love you and Miss you and First Lady Laura Bush and your entire Bush Family. Thank You President George W. Bush. God Bless you and God Bless America
I agree Mr Bush. I'm sure politics is complex but its a simple truth you stated. It is a spirit of unity underneath political debate that is obviously needed yet so blatantly disparaged.
I want to send you my prayers and deepest thoughts about a woman I greatly admired. She was without a doubt one of my favorite first ladies of all time just as I feel about your wife. God bless you and your family and may Barbara Bush rest in peace.
Condolences on the great loss of your mom.
So very sorry for your loss. I lost my mother 2 years ago, at 86. Even when you think you're prepared...
Mr. President George W Bush Today my family and I would like to present to you our deepest condolences for the loss of your mother. We are praying for your father and your entire family.
May the presence of our Lord Jesus be with you at this difficult moment.
God Bless you!
Dear President George W. Bush you were and will always be my Favorite President. Thank you, Miss you, God Bless you and your Family.
Also I am saddened to hear about the Passing of Mother, Wife, Grandmother, First Lady Barbara Bush
President Bush, so sorry for your loss. Your Mom was a great lady. Take comfort that you will see her again. God bless you & your family.
Sorry about your mom.
Prayers for your family. Your Mother is a beautiful lady.
Warm wishes for your Mother and for the Bush family.
Sorry, to hear about your great mother. Thinking about you and family with prayers and hope,
 ex-Northwood aquaintence
ONLY KEY TO UNITY IS MY JOB. REQUEST TRUMP TO OFFER MY US AMBASSADORIAL JOB AT ONCE. THEN YOU WILL SEE HOW NICELY THINGS IN USA SHINE UP AND TRUMP'S FAME ZOOMS. CARE FOR USA? ASK TRUMP TO OFFER MY JOB. I MADE HIM WIN, DEFEATING BILLY GRAHAM AND HIS JESUS CHRIST.
My Prayers and We'll wishes are with your Mom and entire Family during this period of her health challenges. She is a Tough, Entertaining , Class Act that enhanced our Nation. "Ya'll" are missed.
I’m sorry Mr President I know personally how difficult saying goodbye is and one thing we all agree on is we love  our Moms
You created the shit and expense this country is going through all these years.  You have a massive amount of blood on your hands
AND YOU NEVER SAID A WORD!
I have a tremendous amount of respect for you but PLEASE stay out of this presidency like you did the OBama presidency.  I know it must have been hard biting your tongue at that time because people would have labeled you racist.  OBama divided this country like no other!
Your "Angel in the Whirlwind" is anti-American sovereignty and ANTI-BIBLICAL MASONIC CRAP.  YOUR FAMILY HAS BECOME A CRIME FAMILY AND is working against America for a Global Government. I voted for you twice and I am ashamed of your family's SEDITION.
Actually Dubya, the only thing you did in YOUR eight years was get us  into a war under false pretenses, and ruin the economy.  Trump is fixing  YOUR screwups along with Obama's.  
By the way, go change Jeb's diaper.  I can smell him from here!
Maybe you could whip up one of your phony...Wars...and spend around a trillion dollars...that might work for a couple of years.
Like when you did 911
How you could even think you look good compare to Trump who has turn the economy you dropped and put us in depression and went to war with a country who had no missile of mass destruction! Just be happy we forgot about how bad you situation you put us in thanks to trump!
You're the reason why we got Obama. You know the Muslim sympathizer that try to destroy America.
You're the reason why we got that muzzle synthesizer Obama. You don't have any room to talk to George W bush.
W...keep the nation’s leadership to a #MAGA leader. Trump will be the greatest POTUS in last 20 yrs. Your words of hubris only reminds us of your failures.
I am glad I didn’t vote for you, but you put me and my brothers in a needles war! Now you attack Trump, you don’t have one brain cell with the rank My President has. Even your mother couldn’t believe the GOP wanted you to run! Hypocrite liar!
I cannot wait until @Potus stretches your neck for treason for your crimes committed on 9/11 2001!
I am not surprised that you were and always will be a democrat. I supported you and actually list a friendship when you were President.  How can you not support our Trump? You not supporting him lets the American people know you have never been for the People.
I voted respect and admire you especially when you did not attack obama (with cause) u look very bad not is Trump getting things done u couldn’t? What is it? Be a statesmen that u were. God bless
compared to president Trump you look like you were sleeping for 8 years, you should of had the illegal immigration under control, but you're whole family wants more illegals, who said there coming here because they love us?
Dear President Bush, Please call @realDonaldTrump and show him how trade wars do not work!! Trade wars contributed to the Great Depression but he probably has no clue about that.
Please consider appearing on the bill Maher show, it would mean a lot to me and to your fellow Americans
Mr president, first I was never a fan of yours, but you were my president, there has never been a time in my life where I wish you were back in office, you were presidential!!! You respected the office, you ran the country with integrity.
You sir are a hypocrite....wonder what  the great and humble Billy Graham would advise you to do for this sitting President...I bet it wouldn't be  what you are doing...he would tell you to pray for him...smh...you have lost my respect
gun violence in schools are a result of your allowing the ban on assault weapons to expire in 2004. Not only are you a war criminal, you are also an accessory to murder of school children among others. Trump is as bad as you.
How does this happen when you & your family are so full of hate & work so hard to undermine Trump & this administration. No one did this to you. You plant division & then talk about unity? What kind of hypocrite are you. I’ve lost all respect for you & your father. So sad
You birds divided the party and the people with your vilification of DJT. You reap what you sew.  Iraq?
You’re not helping!
Really? So how about you set the example and support President @realDonaldTrump @POTUS, or are you just another slimeball from the swamp? You know all those good deeds you did for the veterans? They don't mean squat now. You're a really sad guy George.
Your comments against our current president are not appreciated. Where was your outrage with Obama, who tried to destroy this nation completely? If you can't see that in aren't indignant about that, you're on the wrong side buddy.
And how do you feel about this:
"And in 2005, Bush signed into law a measure protecting arms makers and dealers from liability for crimes committed with their products. The NRA called it 'the most significant piece of pro-gun legislation in twenty years'"
Can WE get a group....$$$$ Bush, Romney, Obama’s, Clintons, Gates, Buffet others That have the resources to get GUN legislation passed! Begging for HELP


Maybe if you were on our side that would be a nice comment but your family helped & covered up the murder of 3k Americans on 9//11! The photo attached was taken w/murderous Saudis 9/13/01 on WH patio! Traitor!
Then stop bashing a sitting President. I have lost what little respect for you I had left. So disappointed you would stoop this low.

Do you see yourself, dunce? You have done conservatism more dishonour than any man in history. FIX YOUR BANNER! Fool! Idiot! You will always be a dunce.
Ok mabus, what ever u say. Oba/mabus/h
Funny you have been quiet for the last 8 years, until President Trump. You were against open borders and illegals, now speaking let's keep them open. You are the reason 9/11 Happened!!!!!
So go out of country and trash current president
I am so disappointed in you President Bush . I have always been a huge fan & supporter of yours...Until you decided to speak against our duly elected President! Not Obama( whom u should’ve been against), but President Trump! Shame on you ! #MAGA2020 #MAGA2018 
Never thought I'd say it.. but you are a YUGE disappointment...Satan must be pushing to up your game before he recalls that soul you sold him..
Right, and your not helping very much. I voted for you. Donated to your library and as a veteran, I could not feel more betrayed. I can see your no better than the rest of the elitist politicians. Thanks a bunch.
Then stop going against our President. Damn I use to really like you.
You kept quiet while Obama made every effort to fundamentally change our country. Now, you are a regular motormouth! What a lack of class!
Than get rid of RINOs like you and your family. You were NO "compassionate conservative ", if you were your domestic policy wouldn't have been "democrat light".
You were the first president I ever voted for.  Now with your comments on our new president while your in another country are sickening.  Some regrets.
Mr. President,  seems like your supporting obama and hillary than you are conservatives.
Then be quiet.
I voted for you twice. Please stop complaining about my President. You once said it was unpatriotic. You were right.
Laura Ingraham on Fox News:
Why did George W. Bush refuse to criticize Obama even when O screwed up badly but he does criticize Trump, though Trump is doing great?
Bush has been a real ass since leaving office.
You are a globalist Soro's puppet...and it shows !
Your making me regret voting for you. Either get on the trump train or step aside. But you should not go left. It’s way Beneath you.
Wouldn't testify to commission under oath.
You have no clue what is best for our country. You kept quiet when obama abused conservatives for 8 horrific years. Be ashamed.
End the criminal illegal alien crime wave across America...no wall no DACA...
You have become a national disgrace and a globalist puppet...trump saved our economy kicked isis out of iraq and syria and doubled the child tax credit...immigration reform border wall and stimulus package comming soon...no wall no DACA...
You showed your true colors today ....and they aren’t red, white and blue.
Only from our GREAT @POTUS now,do Americans c what a FRAUD U, 41, Clinton & Obama were! Open Borders & Globalism R DANGEROUS 2 Our Republic!
Ant good things bush may have done for the country are diminished now
.jealousy is destroying your whole family
We did come together. The #Deplorables elected @POTUS PRESIDENT TRUMP #MAGA and @realDonaldTrump is a repudiation of the Bush and @BarackObama  years...make no mistake, we will never again settle for leaders trying to sell us off. YOU are the swamp  #GoAway
What???? In the meantime you say nothing about Barry when he was president but you will be more than willing to open your mouth in Dubai about POTUS!! U are a weak little ex president that caved to everything the democrats wanted!!
So sad I ever voted for you..you are so small in every way compared to a real leader PRESIDENT TRUMP
It is clear there was Russia meddling by the Clintons Obama’s and the FBI and the DOJ
I voted for you twice and donated to the Republican Party. I ask you to politely just shut up!!!
i no longer have any respect for you sir.
I used to love you....I can't stand you now.  You were silent for 8 long yrs while Obama bashed you.  I now see you're a globalist. I have a pic of you giving my son his diploma from WestPoint....I may need to take it down. Sad.
Make no bones about it you’re a NWO stooge. You’re for open borders. How dare you

He's directly responsible for lots of dead American soldiers; others seriously maimed physically and/or mentally, that he sent into a totally unnecessary war.
He feels better because he paints pictures of them now.
