All the time Obama was sympathetic to terrorists & terror states you remained silent. Trump comes in & begins to destroy the terrorists & you talk against him. What do you mean “join us”? You are so hateful towards Trump & his administration so please tell me what country is”us”?
Should have told your good buddy Obama that. He's been funding ISIS and the MB throughout his two terms. He wasn't with us.
Obviously the side you stood with is the side that gave the terrorists 150 billion dollars! What a disappointment you are!  Disgusting.  You make me ill! #MAGA
Amen- God bless you Sir- years from now when unbaised history is written, people will know what many of us who served already know- your leadership was stellar. My Marines absolutely adored you and your support.
We know what side you’re on! Soros/Obama/Hillary Cult! #Traitor #OilThug https://youtu.be/Dj6IsJ_oUeI 
There is no 2 way here mr bush. You should have said this to your beloved PAKISTAN,  when India was victim of terror attacks, you diminished our voice. Thank god Syria is out of your reach now otherwise it would have been next IRAQ
Thanks for falsely getting us involved in 2 wars. 60 year old  Navy vet from Texas, didn't vote for you either time,  knew better. First time I didn't vote Republican.
I'm sorry about  your  mom
So either you support Trump or the evil ones? Which is it, Mr.president?
Its funny cause i think you plan twin towers its sad i believe that .. So are in illuminati .. After that happen 20 dollar bill so us the same hit so devil real .. Devil real that mean illuminati real
Those are tough words Pres. I love how you drew the line in the sand but you change your wording
These two should go down as being just like terrorists

You are with the terrorists
Unless it turns out that our president and his father were the terrorists. #CrimesAgainstHumanity
#RT President Bush on America 1st
fuck bush
Sorry I was for U to go into Iraq dang what a mess. Trump is doing some good in this country NOT Obama= Evil & U do not care. Study look up
At least we selected a President that is killing them.
your the top terrorist
All we have to do is-follow the money-Our gov & other gov's are inforcer for the bankers around the -Can't have 1gov w/o control of all $!
You Globalist-Always prop up a Boogyman to grow Fear-Fear controls people-You, your father & 1,000's of other ppl in USA push it to control!
Are you with President Trump or are you against him?
Amazing u give a speech criticizing Trump but silent on Obama.
Endless wars, debt.
Lost house, senate, WH.
Tattered economy.
Your legacy.
George W bush we know who you're with Obama and a terrorist let them investigate you and put you in jail like Obama was trying to do to you
And you still support him he hurts you he tried to put you in jail Trump try to protect you and you went against your own party why he won
It's obvious u and Obama are with the terrorist. Hello, he even started moving the refugees to the USA .....sounds like a plan.
You tarnish your Fathers legacy . Your a traitor
Thank you, President Bush, for speaking up for our Nation. 
Why didn’t you call out Obama today instead of Trump? I voted for you & thought you were with us, but now I’m not so sure. #DEEPSTATE 
I am so disappointed in you as a former President and a human being.For eight years you said nothing about Obama destroying our great nation
Now you come out and speak against Trump.  You must be part of the deep state. So glad your brother lost.
Not with Traitors like you Clinton, Obama and Soros
Who is “us” to you?  The NEW WORLD ORDER?   Fake ass cuddling up to Obama.  You have become a disappointment.
But it turns out we're the terrorists!
Nice way to supposedly start a "war on terror," but not care about domestic, racist terrorist groups.  #BarackObamaisafraudtoo
Your administration was the real terrorist and you know it 9/11 was a lie we were never attacked by terrorists! False attack & propaganda!
President Bush can you please go on camera &denounced AntiFa? I believe your voice will help the GOP finally take charge not fearing DEMs.
Terrorists'll exhaust us out unless we drain out ideological swamp by Quran based counter ideology preached by Muslims.Adnan Oktar can do it
That's funny coming from a man who supports obama.
There are few nations which give a real support to terrorism to-day. Europe, Russia, Middle East, Africa are now hit by terrorist attacks !
I am with the U.S. I am with you. Do you remember me @GeorgeWBush__
Exactly!
Lots of Insider trading during 9-12
Insider trading right before and after Las Vegas Mass Shooting too. How odd.





https://youtu.be/jbReTl3Uin0 
https://youtu.be/fpcJyn3N5ks 
That's feeds CNN lies
Did you look,up our grandfathers history. They had to leave their home country of France because of their legion.Faure family were Hugernots
Look up Daniel Iassc Faure or Jean Pierre Faure
I agree with you we need to wipe out terrorism for good and you were a great president
Nobody is doing anything ! Instead of stepping up we are gazing at the plate ! Shame on us and our allies. We need to end the Islamic state
The liberals in America don't seem to understand this statement by you; they would rather die than agree with President Trump.
Pres. Bush: After loving you and respecting you thru the Obama years, your voters feel betrayed by your lack of support for POTUS.
Your absolutely correct, I'm ashamed I voted for him now.
I sell my mind soul and body for you and best friends to join Ku Klux Klan Germany  full culture forever
I sell my mind soul and body Ku Klux Klan and Nazi skinheads royality billionaire real life real billionaire documents foot fetish jesus?!$#
These words hit home today!
I found out last year that my Platoon Sergeant from Desert Storm Desert Shield was killed in action in Iraq in 2009.
We American lovers & Trump supporters feel the same about u! Either u r with us or against us. U showed on CBS u r against us
Likewise, you either support Trump's agenda or you're with the hair-on-fire liberals/socialists!
silent for 8 years while B.O Iran deal ,fast furious ,Clinton? And u now speak about trump blocking fake news ? Shame !!!
We all know what side your on! #Traitor #SaudiMinion U Obama Hillary Soros & your cronies are all going STRAIGHT TO HELL!
I really love & appreciate  you to have ruled America as the president. u  fought a good fight against world common enemies.
so right Mr. President.
i just wanted to say 'Thank You' for going to the inaugeration.  I was very proud of you as our President, & always will be.
The Government is IMPORTING terrorists now... when will YOU CARE about the PEOPLE?
He cares enough to invade Iraq. Obama pulled out. Now we have the birth of Isis which is now a country in itself. When will someone grow bls
@TimMcCa83814334 definitely not the terrorists. I would never support white nationalists #DictatorDonald.
you have been on for a while
if you really believe that why you standing behind big lair Hillary that mean you don't believe what you say u r lair 2
We know now that you are with the terrorists. You have made that clear. You want this country overrun.
If as u said it, then u must stop Clinton from going into the oval office, because shes terror wing to destroy America
Does that apply to Republicans vs Demon-crats? YOU sir are either with us "REPUBLICANS" or with Killary & Osama "DEMON_CRATS!
Decide if you are For or Against Israel, or the terrorists. Hillary & Soros are against Israel,  Arab funded. We need you!
I WANT JEB BUSH FOR PRESIDENT 2020 FOR OUR USA
BABY BUSH WILL NEVER BE PRESIDENT, HE, HIS FATHER AND BROTHER HAVE THROWN AMERICA UNDER THE BUS OVER & OVER
#China is violating #trade rules... but there's a better way to to protect US businesses & economy. My latest commentary in @Thehill http://thehill.com/opinion/white-house/386272-trade-in-china-a-better-way-for-american-business#.WuzGNItGh8Q.twitter … … #tradewar #tariffs
