Just you fail
I wish to thank Bush Family for backing Trumps Executive order making Sex trafficing a threat to America and rounding up pedophiles and seizing their assets! TY George wanting to expose all of them thru out the world backing Military Tribunals!
We will if you keep sowing hate & discord & division & Lise to destroy our President & our country. WhT has happened to you & your father. How could you pack away the values you used to preach in order to justify your hate & hateful words. Is this what Billy Graham taught you?
thank God you are gone and the Clintons, Obamas you almost ruined our beloved couty
O my God! Really?? That sexual pervert in the WH? How do you ppl support that?!
This is the good guy? Pretty sure the apple doesn't fall far from the tree...
Spoken by a true Soros puppet.
The best thing about @GeorgeWBush__ is that he makes dumb people feel smart. Thanks for being you Dubya.
Here is my favorite quote from you Dubya: "STRATEGERY".  lololololol
Last thing we needed was another do nothing bush
Except when you were president!
You failed big time in Iraq. What a stupid war, over Daddy.

Pride goeth before a fall.....I pray your heart is led by Jesus Mr. Bush, remember, there are two guarantees in this life.....heaven or hell.....your choice. Whom do you serve?

Always praying 
If every man and every woman is a star, then let your star shine and light up the world around you. Let your heart and mind guide you towards your true path of destiny.....

I just want you to know how disappointed I am in finding out that you are a globalist and not a Christian! I recuse my vote for you!
hah!  Funny that was my son's motto from his class of 2006 @WestPoint_USMA ...never falter, never quit.  But you quit on us Mr. B.
You will be a slave owner! Did you really say this! Ever heard of COTTON GIN?
“Americans don’t want to pick cotton at 105 degrees, but there are people who want put food on their family’s tables and are willing to do that.” https://trib.al/OjshKrI 
You have failed America by berating our President & turning on our military & vets. You are despicable! 
Are you speaking for America or the New World Order? Sounds like your Dad's speech for the NWO which is the Luciferian Government.
We have failed for the past 20 years, many Americans lost lives, houses, jobs, and marriages broken. It is finally nice to see someone in the Whitehouse who actually cares.
With u as Prez we would fail
Help we need full 401k and SALT and property tax deduction or our taxes will go way up.  Rich and Corp clean up on backs of mid class. HELP
Help, tell your Republican Senator friends to reject this horrible tax plan.
Mid cl in 18% bracket become 25. Plan is bad for mid cl.  Helps rich&business =Trump.  Cut entitlements y should mid cl pay 2help rich?
It is a plan to help Trump transfer his assets to his kids tax free and use the middle class to pay for a tax reduction for his businesses.
Your not President so stop making all these comments go be with your partner Obama #turncoat #traitor
Your father spoke of one world order?? That is just wrong. No uniting there. So disappointed in the Bish’s
 you Georgie Porgy!  Your family too!
And thanks 2  our great President  Trump, we won't.
That’s exactly wat is happening to our great country- have u not been paying attention??Weve a pervert-in-Chief and Russian aides runningWH!
Looks like Bush is a LEFTY!  He attacks Trump all while knowing the "Trump Dossier" is FAKE and paid for by Clinton!
https://mediaequalizer.com/melanie-morgan/2017/10/the-lefts-sudden-bizarre-embrace-of-w …
Are you talking about New World Order? Certainly not America if you're friends with Barack Obama. He hated everything American.
HELL NO- that lying pervert? Not hardly..
You were mute for 8 years while Obama trashed you. Now suddenly you speak up against a man who wants to preserve America. Who are you?
I can't believe I stood up for you in the 8 years you were President. What a waste of time that was.
At what? To propel us into a world gov-Controlled by bankers? YOU stripped Americans of our privacy and freedoms with your evil Patriot Act!
After 8:years of Obama blaming u 4 everything & u keeping quite until now opening up 2 bash Trump. I always stood by u NO MORE. NO RESPECT!!
Oh I dont know..you caved in to the leftists daily on domestic issues
You hv failed the morality test by siding with the Clintons! Disgusting! Because Trump beat your brother. They are the disgusting
no we the people with Mr T will not fail your correct I hope he roots out all the corruption that you ignored
Hahahaha! Trump and his cronies IS the swamp
Heard this speech before..... Who coached Obama u or Cheney..... You're no Christian ur a Satanist just like the guy we had for the last 8
Yeah because your gone
Where have u been the 8yrs our nation suffered at the hands of the Obama admin Not a peep Yet you come out bashing Trump ...ur a progressive
Conqueror of Iraq. You wait 9 years to open your mouth while last Administration sold yellow cake nincompoop. White supremacist how minoot.
Nor will patriotic Americans.We follow our President not corrupt exvpresident  has been
Amen
bla bla bla bla who is WE? you let the economy go to hell, the lobbies got the best of America because a greedy man, YOU.
Being tough&more violence is not the answer,but replacing terrorist's ideology by Quran based counter ideology preached by Mr Adnan Oktar is
tRUMP IS the problem.
https://youtu.be/bSR0PvG9F_I  Thays what she said ;)
you are right again...Only the Judas's will fail like they have time and time again!
When you were politically incorrect they burned out flags. When we will we burn the extremist flag once and for all. All your hard work poof
We have. You were the last and only to stand up to Iraq. Now since we have the birth of ISIS why ? Cause we stepped down and backed off
control my mind soul and body forever and help me with everything
I sell my mind soul and body for you and best friends to join Ku Klux Klan Germany  full culture forever
You've as a nation have been failing 2 long. Enemy is within also. False religions r pulling nation down & abortion. 45 is OK
SHUT UP!!!
You are correct, MAGA.   God is on our side against the vast Hill corruption and do nothing for years.
Why do u ppl use our GOD in connection w/trump? If ur Christian u know that’s bs. God would not approve of his pu*sy grabbing,cursing..
Have you never said anything you regret? God forgives. . . do you?  Also, read the Bible regarding God choosing leaders. God bless
do another line of coke and shut up! Go paint something dope!
George Bush , Globalist. Trump defeated his stupid brother.

-like EVERY OTHER thing he promised. All lies just to get elected( like his tax bill)
And when congress enacts this bill....https://youtu.be/fpcJyn3N5ks 
You failed!You are part of the one world government, like these rest of the scumbags!You have been silent so dont start now!
That statement describes Pres. Trump. Funny yu would say this and then Bash Trump to the Media.  Very Sad you Bashed our Pres
you have already failed I use to have respect for you. You are just another corrupt politician.
Devastated to hear you support #HillaryClinton. My son gave his life in Iraq because he believed in you
U HAVE DONE WELL ON OUR BACKS BUT IN LIFE U FAIL YOUR COUNTRY CONSTITUTION AND SUPREME COURT-U QUIT ON THOSE OF US WHO DIDNT
In ur own word u said as quoted, We will not tire, we will not falter, and we will not fail" If then re u against Trump Pres?
If we have another bout like Obama we will fail, we have faltered, & we the americans are sick & tired of the government.
We are sick of trumps lies is wat we’re sick of!
Learn English...
#China is violating #trade rules... but there's a better way to to protect US businesses & economy. My latest commentary in @Thehill http://thehill.com/opinion/white-house/386272-trade-in-china-a-better-way-for-american-business#.WuzGNItGh8Q.twitter … … #tradewar #tariffs
