It’s called crap
National Enquirer? Who gives a $hit what they say. Seriously???? The same new paper that said survivors were found from a plane crash in the 30's, still alive on a mountain top???? The paper responsible for the Bat Boy story. Anyone that believes that garbage is an idiot.
Really this is the lefts message. LMAO
Ill tell you, I don’t trust this attorney anymore than I trust trump. He’s sneaky too, I can feel it.
Hopeful yes, but lets wait and see.
National Enquirer and CNN, a perfect march
Maybe someone can explain why Trump is in trouble for being with Stormy Daniels in 2006 &even she has denied 3 times that they never had sex.also there is no crime in paying for someone keeping certain things confidential 
So what is this Avenatti who is facing disbarrment after
#michaelavenatti  trump in panic mode??  R u delusional??  Ahhh, it appears you r in panic mode cause no one is listening to anything u have to say. Yesterdays news, so to speak
Avenatti is a force to be reckoned with and he will see this through to the end. And I do mean Trump's end. Can't wait!
CNN is pathetic
Tapper has sunk  to a new low
I am so glad I dont watch cnn anymore
CNN is so low in the standings, that they keep interviewing this bum of a lawyer, who in fact is only after $... 
so much going on and the time given to this story is a waste, but CNN loves it...
It meets their objective to destroy the President.
No one cares about all the projected nonsense this fool is salivating on.
Says the ambulance chaser with a pornstar client referencing the national enquirer? This is too funny 
Avenatti is exposing the playbook of phony tricks & schemes that #MAGAtard cronies use to distract his cult followers as they are marched off to the gas chamber of idiocracy. . BTW, PUTZUS married a porn star.  That seems to be his thing... What's the difference? 
Yes...seems brilliant to some im sure.
False
So now CNN you are so low as to get info from the National Enquirer! Fake news!
Repeating his standard lies!
Really...the National Enquirer?  I didn't quite get to that story.  I got captivated by their bigfoot dossier.
Right on! Exactly!
Is CNN and the National Inquirer the same ....!
Well, ask trump why they used them for their "catch and kill" stories.. $150,000 and $30,000 KNOWN!!
Ask the Enquirer ... I mean CNN
If that's you being funny it doesnt change these facts though..Enquirer is a Trump tool..
I put them in the same category .... fake news....
Doesnt change the facts ..
No, he doesn’t. You’re as dirty as the ugly porn b&&&c you represent. If this were Odumbo, all of you would be telling us to stay away from his personal matters!
Stupid NEWS.
lol trump is running from the national enquirer. CNN is a complete joke.
Can you say president?
Self serving hack
I agree Donald and Co
are starting a campaign against Cohen. Hope he realizes it and flips on him now.
Who cares
Meanwhile Trump has ended the 70 year Korean War, denuclearized N. Korea and put America back in a position of strength in about a year in office. Oh and the economy, jobs, tax relief, etc., etc. Solid story and alliance with the Nat. Enquirer. Hahaha! What a joke.
He seriously could be a great president but he cannot just SHUT UP.  Most of the shit going on he brought on himself.
. # Stormy & Michael 
The National Enquirer? You're running with that as a news story? Lol. Y'all are funny.
More fake news.
The Clinton Foundation spent $316 million on "Salaries and Benefits" during 2014-2016.

Seems legit. 
#ObamaGate
Minecraft Cup lol
The National Enquirer is above reproach. Not only can we rely completely on the unbiased accuracy of its reports, NE could never be influenced by bucks to print a slanted story. And that piece about the movie star who is the offspring of an alien is absolutely true, too.
Paid for the the Clinton foundation and the DNC..
Yes, and Bill Clinton was impeached.
He was president at the time and lied. Big difference.
Republican parsing=drowning in Kool Ade
Your special, put your helmet on to keep yourself from licking the windows.
Nobody cares about stormy.
Lmao, Hey Stormy, I’m sure u have him shaking in his boots. Ya Right!
When CNN will get back to news industry if ever?
It also comes out on the heels of Russian lawyer who met w/Jr. & Kushner saying she’s a Kremlin “informant” aka SPY. Distract & obfuscate—If DJT liked dogs, those would be their names.
Anyone else notice the irony that the Enquirer is putting out “news” that favors trump’s narrative?
BS
FAKE NEWS MEDIA MATCHES WITH STORMY' S FAKE COW BOOBS!
FAKE NEWS...Stormy better get a good lawyer
Lol! Trump is on a lot of trouble because Stormy accepted a large sum of money and signed a contract to mkt speak about an alleged affair he had with 10 years ago - and she already talked about it on 60 minutes? I’d say her lawyer is in danger of malpractice for the poor advice!
Really?  Couldn’t tell by his actions
The Enquirer really had no business siding with any party.  As far as we are concerned they have lost their reputation.  This is a fast way to lose your business after having it for so long.  What a shame! Is siding really worth it when you had a good thing going for you.  Dumb!

#Trump has had the #NationalEnquirer in his pockets for YEARS - he's probably the one making them print the BS about #RobertWagner killing off #NatalieWood! 
HASTA CUANDO??? Man!!! You guys are pathetic!!! Give it up & get a life!!!
The national enquirer is ass wipe no matter who they are writing about
More Breaking news...
This is propaganda it not may be reality
Trump has released the Hounds on  Cohen just weeks after complaining that the search of his lawyer was a disgrace and that Lawyer Client privilege was dead in America . If Cohen only did a fraction of your legal business why are you now attacking him ? Guilty conscious
Trump is 10X the man, American and President Obummer could ever hope to be.
CNN is fake news
National Enquirer .... now there’s a real stellar publication.
Boloney
Cohen will flip on Trump, but Trump is setting up a premise to weasel out of trouble and connections
Haha he's s joke, CNN is the sister company of National Inquired.  Who cares what that Ambulance Chaser says
I'm sure he's shaken in his boots! As an attorney you are a disgrace!
Uh.....riiiiight.
I sure hope so..Can't stand to look at Tru.p anymore. MAKES MY STOMACH CHURN
#c no ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
 yeah right
Trump cult keeps wondering why stories like this keep coming up! It's because your leader is using his typical tactics of destroying a person's character before they talk out against him!
Stupid people undermining the highest office of the President of America in the eye of the world. These people should be booked under sedition laws as traitors of the country. Punishment for life.
Nobody gives a fuck about a prostitute
Why are we giving so much time to a porn star and a crook lawyer who makes his money through legal blackmail? These people have no credibility!
The real question is will the petition to have you disbarred be honored before anything more phoney crab is put out by you.
You are exactly the reason lawyers are hated so much.
Define “a lot of trouble”

Who was the Polygraph person? @Scaramucci
Ongelooflijk die VUILE DEMOCRATEN
Wait, wait, wait. Spanky took a lie-detector test?  Does anyone believe this?
Don't ya all ever get tired?
I can’t believe that CNN is still talking about this. Put on REAL news
Lol! Not
Stormy Daniels. What people are really thinking about her .
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=620311604984900&id=100010181988096&refid=17&ref=bookmarks&_ft_=top_level_post_id.620311604984900%3Atl_objid.620311604984900%3Athrowback_story_fbid.620311604984900%3Athid.100010181988096%3A306061129499414%3A2%3A0%3A1525157999%3A-1554615579310183153&__tn__=%2As%2As-R …
But I thought CNN WAS THE NATIONAL ENQUIRER.
What’s next? Unnamed sources from The Onion?
Ha ha ha! That was funny!!
Like an old record Trump is stuck in election mode/Accomplishing nothing, earning mockery and disdain/Programmed to insult and in angry tweets explode/Inciting his base 'build the wall' to this shallow refrain
http://www.amazon.com/Sharia-Exposed-Farzana-Moon/dp/0996663452/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1458732620&sr=1-1&keywords=Sharia+exposed …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
In trouble for what you@idiot tell us
#CNNFakeNews

How funny is this? With everyone mocking CNN by comparing them to the Enquirer, they flash this tweet.
BS. Since when did the Nat’l Enquirer hold anything honorable. Another junk magazine
Duhhhhhhhhhh....... #CaptainObvious
Bull Shit. I don't believe these lying prostitutes who sell their bodies for men's pleasure.
A Prostitute representing a Prostitute
Somebody still read those?
T. Rump did nothing to stop North Korea from completing their nuclear program. Great job Made  North Korea Great Again #MNKGA
Conspiracy conspiracy all conspiracies on cnn absolutely rediculous.  President is not in panic mode at all because the president hasn’t broken any laws !!!
My ex sister in law used to say those kinds of magazines were truckers toilet paper
Top NEWS For PNN, that’s where they get most of their stories!!
Music to my ears!
Wow!! CNN is using National Enquirer as their source? I see how low your standards are now. Getting your news reports while standing in line at the grocery store
When CNN posts a picture of the Enquirer! 

SLOPPY DANIELS and her a attorney are true botton feeders looking for a payout!
Trapper the lopsided headed is #2 ding bat
This is why CNN at lowest pile of trash 
Having the ding dong on air
Fake news again
National Enquirer? Anything new with bat boy or dinosaurs going to the moon?
Te ding dong meets the ding bat
Everything this guy has said since he came into the limelight has been false. He keeps coming up with predictions of what’s going to happen and nothing happens. He’s only in it for notoriety and to be in the limelight on TV he’s a BS er
Yes because EVERYONE puts their FULL stock in the National Enquirer.....
Hark I hear the sound of an ambulance rushing to the scene of an accident, quick Mr Avenetti get down there and start passing out your business cards.
Trumps favorite newspaper
I’m sorry, the National Enquirer? Yeah, that’s where I go to read anything #not #seriously?
Avenatti is nothing more than an ambulance chaser...Dbag!
National Enquiruer.  Uh huh.  SMDH
I guess I'm confused about all of this...even by the women's own account, it was consensual and she took money for nondisclosure. Why would this be a thing?
Trump in panic mode! what a bunch of BS.  @realDonaldTrump does not panic he hits back harder...
DELUSIONAL
Now that’s some funny Sh:t the National Enquirer that’s some informative press. R u kidding me baaaahhh I am sure Mr Trump is laughing his ass off. That is the rag where Stormy Daniels belongs though trash for trash lol. Nice job CNN 
You know @cnn is desperate when they run stories like this!
You never will get things right. It is not fake news it is just unconfirmed garbage
If Trump’s in panic mode than I’m a die hard liberal that wants Trump to lose.

Hahaha, the ones in a panic are the swamp creatures TRUMP keeps unmasking. Stormy Daniels is nothing but a push to try to create trouble that will soon back fire on them. Wait a bit Stormy as soon you will cry when you have to pay millions for lying.
I find it interesting that all of the fake news/CNN haters seem to be paying a lot of attention to it. The NE is taking on Cohen to aid Trump in placing some distance between them. It’s a tool Trump has used for his own gain. He is close personal friends with the owner of the NE.
This guy is a new breed of ambulance chaser, and people have little simpathing for his client, someone who promotes the porn industry! I’m not sure what her claims are about.  Far less than Bill, JFK or MLK!
Now she’s prostituting the news
Why didn’t or how didn’t his opponents in the primary or general election miss this and not use it.  How did this guy beat all those candidates
The National Enquirer though? Uh. No.
H@aaaaaaaa
Lol they're still talking about this??
CNN isnt anti trump at all.. They use the National Enquirer as a means to run negative stories on LOTS of people!

Oh wait...

Absolutely any little way they can find to publish a negative sounding piece about President Trump, they do.

National Enquirer is LITERALLY "fake news".
The national enquirer are you kidding are really believing or trusted them what a joke
Yup cornered animals are hella dangerous..he literally screams I'm guilty every other tweet.
Lol still giving them 15 mins... cnntmz
Give this guy his own show so we can see how bad his ratings are this guy is a crook!!!!
Haha haha, Really? Keep on wishing, keep on hoping, keep on believing....its not going to happen. CNN completely caving in will happen before Trump is done with his Presidency 7 years from now.
I'm SO sick of all of this! All these jerks wasting our money while the best President we've ever had is having to waste his time when all he wants to do is help us. Oh yes but the swamp dwellers wants us doomed!


15, 14, 13, 12, 11, 10 minutes and counting down.
 it's getting more pathetic each day! CNN Good luck for the coming 6,5 years. President Trump TBPE The Best President Ever! Results Results Results
The National Enquirer has the same credibility as you guys. 
Yeah looks real concerned lol
I hear the AMBULANCE!
Still giving the ambulance chaser his 15 minutes?
Spin.  Spin.  Sorry.  Not seeing the panic.
Lol #FakeNewsCNN quoting the enquirer. That's a step up
WHC dinner was great. Wolf did a great job.Trumpsters can dish it out but can’t take it back.
Slime. Your cruelty is showing.
Mr. Trump is trying to save the nation from being over-run by outsiders. And what these these crooks trying to do? Distract him?
Oh National inquirer must be gospel!
National Enquirer.........This is getting better every minute. Maybe tomorrow Mad Magazine will break a story. Keep up the good work Counselor.
Oppinion news
He doesn’t look in panic mode to anybody. Jail cells already looking forward to her arrival
Bahahahahahaha Is This Where The Democrates Resources Are Coming From? THE  NATIONAL ENQUIRE.? Aren't They The Ones Who Discovered The  "Managator"?
BahahahHaha
Nah... #MAGAtard said thiz isxa reputable Rethug resource.  Check your sources...  The #SunTanKing touted this publication as a reputable news org at many of the Klan... Oh I mean campaign rallies he likes to hold firvypu folks... Roll Tape...
It has really gotten to the point that the National Enquirer is now a credible news source?

Clever!!
Yeah.   
All this will soon fade stormy done a new porn film so it's going to turn into a movie tour to promote her new porn video
This is not breaking news. Your hate for @POTUS has gotten very old
Enquirer Fish Wrap Slime on Slime
Sure, after Congressional members tax payer $ was disclosed to stifle interns. Caught and now throwing bait. No bites.
CNN must have a special waiver for their following to follower ratio.
What a joke CNN is
Wow CNN Inhave friend who will say he hates Trump, can you get him on air?
Really now.... voice of intellect and knowledge... Stormy AND National Enquire... in the same sentience... CNN you still have sponsors...
Avenatti & Stormy Hotty look awful Plastic!
CNN is using the National Enquirer now? Lol. I like the article about Tupac and Elvis vacationing with that Alien in the Bahamas. Great stuff
Anonymous sources say Tom Brokaw grabbed women by the p*ssy because he thought he could. SHAME
Seriously this guy, still?
The interesting moment that he may accomplish a foreign treaty  in  Korea and still be Mr. Donald Trump
When did the National Enquirer become a source for news coverage? I miss Walter Cronkite, John Chancellor. Integrity is lost in journalism.
I miss Tom Brokaw too. And of course he is being sued by a Oman who said he TRIED to kiss her. Really? And it was twenty years ago!

Him again. Pretty boring. Weather channel more interesting.

Really CNN? Is this what you’ve sunken to? Once upon a time CNN was a respectable news organization. Real journalists with world-wide coverage of important events & meaningful content. Now... this stuff. Embarrassing.
One ho knows another ho.
Stormy, due to her profession, isn’t worth anyone’s time or spit and her lawyer is angry that the next money grab will be delayed as well as his cut.
Bill Clinton that’s all I need to say now.
Donald Trump aka David Dennison #1 aka John Barron gets a mulligan?  How about former SOH Newt Gingrich who was condemning Bill Clinton for the VERY SAME BEHAVIOR of cheating on his OWN wife who had cancer at the time... Hypocrites throwing stones at GLASS HOUSES . 
The National Enquirer is not something that can be considered factual. They probably still talk about big foot while wearing their tin foil hats.
This is why nobody watches CNN, nobody cares about Stormy Daniels, regardless of what happened, unless your saying she was a Russian spy
Nobody cares. Let it go CNN. Only your channel is getting off replaying the story over and over again. I don't care who bangs who, even the gay anchor on your show.
CNN = salacious coverage of a has been lawyer in it for the MONEY ! No one cares !
Guys working hard on that no win no fee deal give him credit
nobody at Saturday's rally will put you up
when you get in your white bronco
evading #Mueller's #arrest #warrant, @realdonaldtrump.

your #whitesupremacist pals aren't the law -- they are chaos.
Chaos will fold like #MichaelCohen before #Mueller.

russia
"Mr. Trump realizes he's in a lot of trouble, and he's in panic mode," says Stormy Daniels' lawyer Michael Avenatti, as the National Enquirer takes on Trump's personal attorney Michael Cohen 
Michael Cohen should realize he needs to cover his own backside when the Trump National Fake Newspaper starts to attack him. He has a huge target on his back.
Lol
Crap
So now were suppose to believe the National Enquirer  same mag who had dinner with Big Foot. HAHAHA   FAKE NEWS AT IT'S BEST

Don’t think so
