Tell the whole story. Fake news network
“Fake News”
Siren call of the intellectually dishonest.
What is point of having elections to vote in a President & administation that people chose  
To operate our country when everytime the oposition dislikes a Presidential bill  they get a politically motivated judge to rule against it.we didnt vote in  judges to run our country
Exactly - what is the point of having elections to vote in a president, when the president who LOST the popular vote is still in office trying to destroy our country?
Still Butthurt are we?
By a fraud in office who's methodically destroying America? Absolutely. One of these days you'll smarten up, too. Then again, maybe not.
Lets see,he reduced taxes,reduced unemployment,help start increase in people pay,has NATO countries contributing their share of $,on brink of the denuclearization of N.Korea,is creating better trade deals for USA,is starting plan for infrastructure.please tell me what Obama did
.
Exactly!
WENT THE LAW IS IN CONSTITUTIONAL NO JUDGE CAN CHANGE ANY LAW ...ONLY CONGRESS...AND CONGRESS DON;T WANT TO FIXED IT..
A judge is shortly going to rule that COMEY NEEDS TO GO TO PRISON... MCCABE WILL FLIP AND BYE BYE COMEY
The judge is going to rule that Cohen is going to prison and Cohen is going to snitch on Trump and they both are going to prison.
Rosenstein has already told Trump he is not the target of the raid or investigation. Comey is a dirty cop..memos back that up..McCabe is flipping on him already..ha
Just because Rosenstein says he is not a target now doesn't mean that he can't be one later.  Birds of a feather always flock together!
We will see..you need to worry about...
I don't have to worry about anything.  I'm not the one being investigated and nor do I have any associates or friends that have been indicted or snitching on me.  I could care less about the Clinton's, Trump or anyone else.  If you did something wrong you deserve what you get.
Blah blah blah...blocked

So, if this is true and I'm not doing the research on it, you're saying you want the US to be more like Mexico?  Why don't you just immigrate to Mexico, then?

You're literally upset about a cooler, but I'm a baby?  K then.
Trump removing the DACA law was a self serving ploy to get his stupid wall.  Soon he will see thres BIG BEAUTIFUL WALLS and a cage in front of him
It was never a law
Go DACA.
Accept them and then throw them in the shredder
Love how a US appeals court forces government to continue with a policy previous other appeals courts declared illegal under Obummer...
Loooove it. This is why you need a strong judicial system which isn't influenced by corrupt politicians
Hello SCOTUS, 
We'd like to make an appointment. 

-The American People
Doubt trump cares what the court says, not sure they can really do anything about it! It’s the presidents executive order, he can remove at will!
In America the rules of law prevail.
Which this executive order by passed congress and gave the president powers not granted to him.
Government cannot ignore the court  order. It can only appeal. We are not in dictatorship.
Yes they can the courts can sue him and force him but yes he can ignore it.  The executive order is his order, his office created it!
Then it becomes dictatorship which has no root in US.
Will never be a dictatorship no matter how hard any president tries and in many ways obama was far more of a dictator than trump any day!

Simple:  Illegal immigrants don't vote.  So...
Illegals do vote to during the 2016 election they caught illegals voting some was driving to different polls voting 4 to 5 different times but they got caught on the 5 run was on WSB news Atlanta and I watched heard Obama live during a Hillary rally telling illegals to votr
How so?
They went through the proper process of checks and balances, and the Supreme Court rules that he can’t do it.
Sounds like the proper method to me.
Let fire the judge or impeach him kick him out of the country
Justice in USA pretend to supersede government attributions
This is great. Now we will@have their addresses making deportation easier.
They already have our addresses   they don’t deport us because they benefit from us economically and deporting all of us will cost them more than keeping us.
If you're here illegally and not caring to become legal citizen the right way, get the fuck out of my country!
Sir, I care highly to become a citizen. When the opportunity comes I will apply. Currently there is no pathway. I have all the qualifications but being a DREAMer disqualifies me. I will not gtfo of your country because this too is my country. I have contributed as much as you.
Contribute as much as me.....Yeah I doubt that unless you served in the navy. I'm a citizen, you're not. We are not the same. I'm a citizen of America, you're not. If you wanted to become one, you could've by now so don't feed me your bullshit!
Okay. Yay I can become a citizen! Tell me how? What is the current pathway? I think you need to educate yourself and stop being ignorant. Any other citizen who has not served the navy is not less of a citizen than you are. That is the point of a clean dream act.
Funny how we are a country of legal immigrants but there's no path for you!
There is, the democrats balked. Also she can leave and apply the proper way and take whoever smuggled her in with her.


Thank you for putting “Deplorable” in your Twitter handle. It alerts people to the fact that your opinions are of no value whatsoever. Saves everybody a lot of time.
Your welcome!

Hilarious. "Deplorable Darrell" actually gave this a "like." I guess even he accepts that Trump is vile but that's AOK when you're only goal in life is "libruhl tears."

As I said, you're not worth my time, but your meme couldn't help but make me think of this. It's 1000% true. 

Bye bye . You're (see the proper spelling of the word?) muted now.

And, where did you get these figures from?
Looks to me like you just pulled random numbers out of your ass.
Might have been you're was more like it
Look, I don't believe the liberal's Russia story. 
I'm moderately conservative. I don't like ultra liberals, but I also don't like the current state of affairs of this country. I have to say that those numbers are B.S.
Also, learn proper English.
.

Just more far lefty decisions that will be turned over by the United States Supreme Court .
It's about time now let's get on to the next subject

#SupremeCourt Appears Ready To Side W/ #Trump On #TravelBan. I don't care what #Kennedy thinks about past decisions to not interfere with #POTUS national security policy. THIS #POTUS45 is racist & #Islamophobic! Would u agree to #internmentcamps?? 
…
yeah Thank God!!!
Boooo Hissssssssss
How can #USSupremeCourt not listen to Tweets & comments Trump utters when he has made such bigot comments? We need immigration reform but Trump imports 100’s if not 1000’s of temp employees from Ukraine & other Slavic countries, no? Isn’t Russian Mafia much more danger?@GOP
PS on the people coming to the border they should be sent back and they need to apply. Some of these people R politically motivated & backed by rebel’s I lived there & there like in Germany U have communist backed by Russia & Germany U have Nazi’s meeting in the woods I’ve seen
This will never end unless U stop companies & slum lords who offer housing & have armies of indentured slavery labor to work for them under table & charge them 4 rent. I’ve seen this here in SoFlo& around Orlando with some white & Indian slum lords. If they have harbor they come
I know a land who has illegals who now applied 4residence she use 2work at strip Club she met a man had a kid 2get visa&her older-kids &their kids also walked here, Honduras isn’t that bad, it’s a political thing, but’s those who harbor them &don’t want 2 pay taxes,Trump included
It might be correct to think of the US in terms of different tribal groups, that have entered a pristine-English nation. 

Continent Europeans who barged in after WW2, Japs did the same at the same period, Asians who entered from 1990s, Africans jumped from new African nations,
Who runs this country our elected officials or a politically motivated judge.Daca was an executive order signed by Obama&as such President Trump has every right to 
Reverse that order just like he has other Obama orders.Only Congress can decide on Daca which is what Trump wants.
Ruling in Brazilian way
The Federal judge is wrong! These are illegals. Who the Hell call them Dreamers? Americans have Dreams. They Dream that the government do there job and deport them.
No way!!
Yeah, straight to the trash
No that's not what it said.    Fake news.   Again.  Omg.     Read it everyone
It’s an illegal program.  Supreme Court alredt ruled Obam had no authority.
Congress is the only body that can make DACA legal and all anyone’s heard from them on the issue is crickets.
No way in he..!
They will appeal, of course

Take all the application they can great! Put them in the round file. 
  Then " forget about it " 
 Democrats had since 1980 to fix DACA.. Now we have FEDERAL judges ruling against a Republican President after 30 years of Democratic neglect and terror of illegal aliens for votes!
YAS
It is so bad now that judges now decide case according to their emotions and political interest. DACA, is not in the constitution, where are the judges deciding case from?
The LAW!
That is not what he said...You people just love to change the wording.
hope Blessings fall on that Judge esp. when good is done f. the People. Need more such Judges
Don’t need more actistist judges.  Supreme Court has already ruled Obama did not have authority to create immigration law.
Then what makes you think Trump does?
Accept, but not approve!
Nope, DACA is gone, and we don't want it, typical Democratic criminal judge.
Praise the Lord!

DEPORT DACA! No more Democrat imported votes!

A Democrat of course
Honestly, why is @JasonMillerinDC one of your contributors?
The judges are outlaws
Check it out! liana_islam will do logo design i am really good at for $5 on #Fiverr
must be a leftist judge
Live under Judicial Rule. All appointed, yet they overule our duly elected president. #POTUS' primary job is to keep American citizens safe.
How many countries now have people just illegally crossing into our 'sovereign' country to set up shop?
We need new Founding Fathers then.
BS all day
I did not know DACA was a constitutional right? The branch of the judiciary is suppose to rule if  a law is in violation of the constitution. I wish to@hear input on this.
The judge has no right. @realDonaldTrump  should ignore that ruling. If Obama can make the daca rule, Trump can unmake it without judicial approval!
Another supreme ego federal judge believes his courtroom supercedes the Republic.
Application fees should be $10k per app
Time for an Executive Order.
NO! Congress makes the laws of the land not this so called traitor judge
A judge say Trump has to except new Dem voters? Are we a nation anymore or just a voter registration office for the Dems and their political ambitions. Dems are illegally changing the Demographics in America for political supremacy. No one party nation!
That judge had to be an Obama hold over . and he even addmited it may be illegal
God bless America ;) The law of the land is putting a stop to this hateful wave of unAmerican sentiment!
Another liberal judge who woke up thinking he was elected president. Sorry son, Supreme Court will again overturn ya.
The president can’t do whatever he wants to do you know.
It's not their law, not their republic, not their political system. Judge is trying to give it away.
Good!!
FU*k Trump!!
No...fuk you and your mother!
Trump 0 Justice 10
#DACA
That’s just a bizarre interpretation of this act.
Breaking News that CNN will ignore
CNN SUCKS.....NO DACA......SEND THEM ALL BACK
Who is @DebbieLesko .... blue wave? Let's see how honest your network is. When will you report this win?

This judge is committing treason.  We are being invaded by illegal aliens and this judge is aiding them.  What is this idiot judge's name.
why what are you going to do? you are hiding behind a  2ndary twitter account as it is and you want to know someone elses name? bitch please
Start deporting their families now.
Federal judge can say anything they want DACA was a temporary executive order signed by Obama Trump does not have to sign anything goes back the same immigration laws that are infected have been in effect
If you don’t have a profile picture then I’m allowed to assume you’re a bot.
If you have a profile picture of a cartoon I'm allowed to assume that you're a little troll
Not really ...they gave Homelad Security 90 days to explain why the program ended - it was ending it without an explanation that gave the court pause.  Should NOT be a problem ...it was never a law, to begin with.  It was never supported by Democrats and liberals...
Federal judge says Trump's decision to end #DACA was "virtually unexplained" and orders him to continue the program and accept new applicants unless his administration comes up with a more solid reason within 90 days
More solid than “I don’t want the brown people here anymore!!”
you’re welcome
Dems aren't gonna like that..they want to keep kicking the dreamers down the road until the mid term elections.
That Judge is a dick.
nice

Silly Judge.  You can't legislate from the bench.  Read the Constitution.
We keep WINNING!!!
Aww bleeding heart CNN would love for the whole country to buy into this.
The truth of what happened? How dare they lol
These liberal hack judges that refuse to follow the constitution need to be impeached. Sure hope Pres Trump can replace most of them during his 8 years in office.
That Fed Judge is in what circuit?
@FoxNews DACA was enacted by executive order and was cancelled by one. It was never a law. The courts do NOT have authority to write law or turn one POTUS executive order into one.  The courts are out of their jurisdiction here. This should've been bounced to SCOTUS.
boo hoo
BREAKING Q TURNS HIMSELF IN. 506 29 6063 SOCIAL LOGAN AARON KENORAS IS THE ORGINAL Q
 SIOUX CITY IOWA SAINT LUKES I AM TURNING MYSELF IN.
WARRIOR7662 
ROAMINGDARKNESS
Or what?
Wasn’t DACA an executive order put out by President Obama?
The last real president...yes.
Fortunately there is one of the 3 branch of powers that stills honoring the word of the Constitution and keeping valance between them as same constitution stablishing.
Never happen
Hahaha
Trump would be breaking the law if he did, nice try.
Good for the DACA kids.

Judges can be overturned... especially when they over stepped their bounds
That paid off judge should know DACA system is illegal.
Left is always saying the DOJ is never wrong let them do there job i guess that only counts when they going after things that fit there agenda

Supreme Court will@overrule this
Take that!


Accepting is not approving. Poor cnn.

How can a judge rule???  THERE IS NO LAW!!!  It was Obama's wet dream.
You know what judges do, right?
#MAGA #SoMuchWinning #ImpeachTrumpNow
Haha
Simple.

American sovereignty first. In everything. And then, ... , if ‘we choose’, ... perhaps we’ll let those doctors & lawyers in from alien nations.

Right?

If they believe in America? Right?
They will assimilate? Right?
Our culture is best? Right?

#LeftistWankers
That’s a hole lot of bull shirt coming from people that should not be making that discussion.
Nope
Trump will be furious!
@davidharsanyi: I'm sure there are plenty of legal arguments, but the idea that one president can unilaterally enact policy and yet the next one has to explain himself to the courts when undoing that same policy seems highly political.
A federal judge ordered the Trump administration to continue DACA, calling Trump's reason for ending it "virtually unexplained." 
https://www.axios.com/judge-orders-continuation-of-daca-3cf4d86f-7c44-42cc-b4e7-f1b457d7f565.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=organic … 
I’d like to see him enforce it
Fire the sob
@realDonaldTrump LOSER!!!
Yeah because the courts are the President.
So they deport them
90 days. It’ll be a long battle between DHS and Judge.

Ah hell no
Yaaaasssss!
DACA bypasses fed law, how is it legal
Gee. I wonder if there’s some document written by a federal judge that explains this all.
Third World USA
Only if you kicked the DACA kids out.
This is absolute bullshit.  DACA started as an EO it should be able to be ended by another president
Go to Hell, CNN.
the minimum to none
Yet must
So much winning
Lol, trump is going to be pissed. #SaveDACA
Tax payers are the ones will be pissed
I don't feel like being the homeless shelter for the world
Bur you are happt to benefit for the 7 wars for oil and the rest. Meanwhile, your luxury (phone, computer, cars, electronics) work with the tantalum digged in #Congo, plagged by ongoing war, women/girls are raped in front of their children, fathers, husband. Send them back. Cool
No!

Not true!! Don’t believe this, people!

