It’s about time!
More harm to the country. Some GOP joining in the attempted coup of a duly elected POTUS.
duly elected? more like cheated and gerrymandered in; and he lost the popular vote by a huge margin! he is the worst president EVER and will go down in history as the first and only illegitimate person to have that title.
Illinois is gerrymandered for D'rats who paid British And Russian spies to create a fake one dossier to try to frame Trump. CNN is fake news.  You got big time fooled.  Wait til the OIG report comes out in May.  Tick Tock.
You need help Bobby.
I have help.  God and the Constitution.
Gr8 news!!
Who cares the only collusion was done by hill-turd and DNC. Which is sort of funny cause I just found out that it stands for Dose Not Count.
Facts as reported: Mueller & Comey investigated Russia & Uranium together, Rosenstein is a witness for Mueller, Rosenstein oversees Mueller. The leaders at DOJ appear to be in conflict of interests. Time to stop the bs. Who protects America from Mueller?
#ProtectRobertMuller
Trump is toast...
McConnell has said it will not be brought to floor for vote. This man has been there too long!
..maybe it is worth to take a closer look on his donators
Great news!
Yes, great news these guys expose themselves:
"Four Republicans voted yes: Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley of Iowa, Thom Tillis of North Carolina, Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Jeff Flake of Arizona."

Hey Dems, you too have fake dems...HRC was Dem JUST for power.
Finally...they stepped out of the swamp water....save our democracy from it self
Waste of time!! The president has said hundreds of times that he has no plans on firing anyone on the special counsel!
good.....
Something is being done in Washington.  Oh my.
The #historic moment the #NorthKorea #leader stepped into #SouthKorean side of the border to start the #summit..
#InterKoreanSummit
#international
#JoySMS
#MAGA
#TradeWar
#PresidentTrump
Isn’t Orin Hatch sleeping on the job. What’s the Senate up to paying this old rich fart to warm a seat.
If he is not doing anything  wrong, why need protection?
About time!
If he’s doing the right job, why do we need a bill to protect him. Drain the Swamp!
It's about time these senators grow balls and stand up to DT
They didn't have balls with tr h Obama what makes you think their going to grow a set with DT who has bigger balls.
Protect quilts, punish the innocent.  When will this s ever change?
#MAGA please note:
"Four Republicans voted yes: Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley of Iowa, Thom Tillis of North Carolina, Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Jeff Flake of Arizona."

Don't believe in Grassley.  RINO.
If McConnell cannot put This before the Senate he needs to be voted out now. He is not God even if he thinks is he is.
I think this proves it:

We are definitely being invaded by shapeshifting/mind-controlling aliens
Keep the political assassination squad alive. Bury the proven crimes and Russian collusion by Hillary, FBI, DNC, Obama. Banana republic here we come!
They cannot do this!
@CNNPolitics
@CNNPolitics
No need for a bill.

Congress needs to have the ability to have a NO CONFIDENCE VOTE like UK Parliament to remove a crap head of state. #ProtectMueller #MAGA is #TheSwamp #resist
Well said, that what is needed first! A " no confidence vote".
I am going to do some research! Going to fridge first! LOL
Senate still doesn’t know why Trump won. Senate is in the process of learning, why.  All, again — ALL Senators are corrupt and obsolete, on your way out. American people have had enough of you stealing our coffers and pitting us against one another for your power and greed.
Sounds like the guilty parties are circling the wagons. Disgusting if there are any on that committee from my state I will vote against them
What a waste ofSenate's time..Don't need another useless "law" ...how about fixing something important like making "Pay for Play" illegal, or term limits, or passing immigration reform, passing Voter ID requirements to eliminate voter fraud..DO something for the Citizens @POTUS
now they need to get it through congress and get his hollowness the potus to sign it.  hope they plan to override his veto.  it's time to fire trump.   #impeachtrump
About time!!!
The SENAT Judiciary Committee is bias in many way
The turtle can’t be happy. He is calling his wife now for instructions on how to proceed.
THEY  TIME LIMITS ARE ABOUT TO EXPIRED...WHY THIS OLD MAN AND WOMEN ARE SO DESPERATE TO BE DINOSAUR ????IS LIKE MENTAL DEMENTIA...
So more money can be wasted on a fake dossier that was paid for by Hillary and the DNC huh? #pathetic
Evil sees no evil

Breaking 'Apple' News:
(Published on Apr 26, 2018)
@ 18:48 >>

Well that was a waste of time!  It will never see the floor!
Time to stock up on popcorn.

#TheGreatAwakening
Now the senate repubs need to dislodge McConnell as majority leader so the vote can proceed
Two down. Comey and McCabe are old news.

Brennan, Clapper, Yates and Ohr are on deck.  

#ConspiracyAgainstTheUnitedStates 

#Treason 

#EnjoyTheStorm  

#TickTock


Why would Senator Bitch McConnel not allow this on the floor, its better to have the protection and not need it than need it and not have it. I think Bitch McConnel and certain members of the RNC have been compromised!
Mitch won't even let the harassment bill get through.
Ridiculous!!! A fishing expedition initiated illegally with zero crime, opposition research not disclosed to the FISC, unverified, obtained from Russia, zero 5 eyes Intel...absolutely insane!!!!
Waste of my tax money again.
Meuller is about to shock the world with high crimes against the Obama admin and Hillary
What a waste!! Stop with this BS! Trump has already stated multiple times that he woundnt fire mueller! YOU KEEP TRYING TO MAKE THIS STORY RELEVANT!!
Probably did it while he was incriminating himself on Fox.
Protect a fake investigation? The entire thing is based on zero evidence. Everyone knows this is a joke. Mueller and his team are part of the anti American swamp and should be in jail. Mueller was part of the uranium one deal. This is just to coverup the real crimes.

its an absurd, unwise, n unconstitutional bill. pres has constitutional authority to fire mueller or rosenstein. congress has no power to change or amend our constitution's provisions, which give any pres such constitutional authority.
finally a bipartisan initiative approved.
Now, CONGRESS, GET OFF YOUR COMBINED ASSES AND PASS THE VOTE FOR "NET NEUTRALITY" IN FULL FOR AMERICA.
I don't think it will become law but perhaps it shows maybe some republicans are showing they are fed up with him
@ChuckGrassley  What the hell are you wasting our TAX $$ on Mueller security??  He should be fired, but the President said he will not do it and we TRUST him more then we can say about you jackasses.
So you don't agree with the Constitution and the responsibility of the three branches of government keeping each other on the straight and narrow.
Will Sen Mitch McConnell allow this onto the floor of the Senate for a vote or will his wife, Secretary Chao, who works for the President veto that idea?
They quickly approved the bill while Hatch was asleep 
Oof
Do they actually think that Trump would sign it? Could they really be that dumb?
It’s about time!!!
What took them so long?
Your move McTurtle. @SenateMajLdr
But.. will it actually become law?
Ryan could do one good last thing as Speaker and get this passed.
Ryan is in the House, the bill is in the Senate. McConnell claims he won't let it come to a vote.
I'm aware where Ryan is. It still has to pass the House.
4 RINOS voted yes... Lol, this goes nowhere, #FireMueller
Ha! Trump must be livid!
what lovely day
You're doing it wrong~!
Protected from what? The truth? The fact that they are operating as a witch hunt? The fact that the media made up the incessant "Trump will fire Mueller" story? Give me a break...
It's all fun and games until Trump vetoes it.
can he?
Of course. All legislation has to get his autograph. Requires 67% vote to override the veto.
It's time to #protectMueller
I wonder if Trump will veto it.
It looks like a nursing home
Lol
Just political noise
good cause the Republican got there own special counsel for HRC n Obama  buttercupe COMEY, N IS COMING IN JULY get the pop corn
More Liberal Stupidity.. Creating their own News at this point - Just trying to keep the Liberal Media supplied with lies and insinuation.. More #FakeNews Ammunition.
Why isn’t this a constitutional crisis: the Legislative Branch trying to limit the power of the Executive outside the Constitution.
All thanks to Trump rant on Fox & Friend
FINALLY.
Trump will veto it.
yes, he would make a stupid move like that.
What makes you think it's stupid? Mueller isn't even really investigating Trump anymore.
bc the grand jury will still proceed with the investigation and it makes him look even worse. it’s a very stupid idea to fire mueller, he would def do it.
Whether they were just doing the right thing, or were bolstered by Trump’s unhinged rant on @foxandfriends this morning .... thank you, Senators.
They can’t pass a protect the dogs bill and they find away to pass this trash
Is Orin Hatch esleeping?
