There is always a first time in every mans life, America should give him chance perform.
How about this CNN? 
How did CNN hire James Clapper without informing the viewers that he was THE leaker of the Steele dossier, can there be a bigger conflict of interest than this?
Hey, trouble,  trouble,  troubles,  Bush man Tillerson, was better  for the position.
CNN the CHEESY website. I know you people know better than what they post. Heck my dog does. 
Another Know Nothing Jerk!
So the @GOP is suddenly cool with people lying about their military service? Wow... where did the real republicans go?
Can you spell Corruption?
Awesome Go Trump

Great face!
Above all, congratulations to your newly approved secretary-general. 
Please when you are there remember the masses (less privileged)
More grease to your elbow. You will be swifter than eagle you will not get tired because it is turn to shine
Is anyone really surprised by this after his Korea trip. Nicely played President Trump.

Bad bad decision that is going to come back and haunt us
None of your above, confirmed bc he is qualified.
When you're already on the road to hell driving 90 mph and kick it up to 100.
ANOTHER ONE OF THE ORANGE JACK ASS CROOKS.
Of course.
Yes!!
How do you like me now 
The best people lol,yeah a fekin homophobic racist religious clown as Secretary of State,
http://M.ad 
A.nd
G.ullible 
A.merica

The Iran issue was probably a notable factor many weighed heavily. A split but solid vote seems appropriate to expectations
The Majority of American Congress and Politicians have lost any Sense of Responsibility and Duty to the Republic. Most of them, Democrats or Republican have taken the Road and Path of Selfish Self-serving Malfeasance & Dereliction of Duty to a New Height.
I guess he would have close ties to President Trump. Duh.
Confirmation is a confirmation.... So accept it & move on.
Hope he don't last to long, racist,homophobic, anti muslin, how somebody like this trush is in the W.H.
Vote them out.

Welp...guess the war cabinet is ready and roaring to go...
Secretary of State having close ties to the President is a negative???
Congrats mike!! True Americans are behind you.
I'll give him a month! Lol
So wait a second.. the Secretary of State appointed by the President isn’t supposed to have Close ties to the person who appointed him?! I guess this only applies to Republicans.. Not surprised.
Say some thing negative  cn you liberal sespool.

Good news!
Finally, the Senate did something correctly in confirming Mike Pompeo.

To all the Trump haters, please grow up, Hillary LOST!!!
I agree
Fuck
And another clown is crammed into the car.
America deserves every bit of Trump
Let’s get this straight. CNN stating in this tweet Pompeo who was appointed by Trump almost didn’t get confirmed because he is too close to Trump? Liberals and CNN have completely lost your minds. Sincerely you are sick people.
MAGA! 

Perfect 
He’ll be under criminal investigation by Monday.
Get Obama back on presidental election or use Hillary Clinton
“Close Ties”? I’d hope so. #Fakenews
Just another knucklehead
Great news! It's about time!
can you believe it...now las vegas is taking bets on how long he lasts...
And this is draining the swamp?
I'm no CNN hater but c'mon guys... secretary of state must have close ties to his/her boss. No?
It’s crazy how large some people’s heads get.  How do I prevent this from happening to me?!
............ You kidding ........ his ties are from China too ............. Trump ties
Close ties to Trump? No way!!!

Temporarily
He won't be there long #shorttimer
Kinda hard to deny the man with all your details and criminal activities so says the Senate:-)
This headline is why @cnn os garbage and bias, ties to trump???

This will be on the @GOP! @MikePompeo_ is a warmonger. Between him & Bolton it will be nothing but war. Can't wait to say we told u so
Can’t wait for you to eat those words.

The vote was 57-42.  I thought 60% majority was needed.  And what happened to the other 1%?


Another sh*t show begins.
Stupid move.
Shouldn’t he have a close relationship with our President? Way to go me. Secretary
What a damned, dirty shame. No Smarts, no diplomacy, trumps butt kisser.  Better start stocking up on non-perishables, guns and ammo, necessities
A higher loyalty ? Pompeo fits the bill
#MikePompeo
Good!
What a bunch of followers .. not leaders...
So what makes anyone think Pompeo would not do the right thing? A confirmation hearing should only evaluate if a person is qualified to perform the duties of the office to which they are about to take. He is an exceptional candidate worthy of the SOS office.
I agree
Welcome to Trumps revolving door. I'll give it 4-6 months..  
Sad!
Despite his close ties to @realDonaldTrump ? Do you #IdiotBrains still think Trump must nominate Obama or Hillary people AFTER HE WON the damn election?
Trump kept on changing top assistants

If the presidential elections #Election2016 were held today, would you vote for Donald Trump or Hilary Clinton?  #polls
And of course, you had to the throw in your two cents of "despite being close to Trump...."  God, you guys are such a joke, you don't even try to hide your anti-trump agenda anymore.
To the racists and spineless swindler jellyfishes in Congress 
The Dems must be furious! Bravo Pompeo!
a Big Philly BOOOOO!
WWIII
ROUGH WEEK FOR THE LEFTIES.
Perfect man for the job.
Bolton, Pompeii, Trump.
The draft will resume soon.
Omg
#Happybirthday to our #IMAMMAHDÎ  (A.J) one of our leading role models in Islam #TheMahdi 

A President is EXPECTED to nominate cabinet members with "close ties".  CNN, you've gone completely stupid.
No thanks to the Democrats
Sooooo... you're against his placement?
Barf.
u mad bro?
