Louis Arthur Charles

Saved you a click
I’m not clicking this just to see a name I’ll learn in 30 seconds. Don’t play the bs clickbait game guys.
Louis Arthur Charles
You're welcome 
Cute birbs
Thanks.
I like yours too, Fletchling!
its Louis.. saved you a click
The name is Louis Arthur Charles. According to your own damn International division. CNNi isn’t playing the clickbait game. Kudos @cnni
JUST IN: The royal baby's name is Louis Arthur Charles https://cnn.it/2KjeuHJ  
Leighton Vander Esch. Saved you a click 
So how you like that pick bro?
Fills a need with Hitchens leaving & the constant injuries to Lee. I’m cool with it. Of course he’s getting hyped as the next Brian Urlacher. I’ll believe when I see it.
Hyped is an understatement  but your right about filling a need, a need to do the complete opposite of what everyone thinks we should do 
So king Louis?
#AlfieEvans
Hamim seikh s a goood name
Breaking news?
Why not Afie? #SaveAlfie
Nobody gives a shit

Congratulations  Beautiful name for the new young Prince.
Congratulations to both of them....god bless you both and your family....
So have the parents of approximately.....   and this is “Breaking News” how...? 
Maybe they will name it ALFIE # bastards
Save you a click, its Beezus Embryos Buffoon .
They did not name the baby #AlfieEvans?! You know, like peasant they are holding hostage in their country? This is how monarchies fall. #RoyalShame!
Wow, very excited about this being "Breaking News" on my timeline... #HappyFriday
warm welcome  Prince Arthur. Hope you carried a packet of solutions from heaven to the many probs here on earth. Shalom
And what about Prince Alfie Evans? Shame on you!!!
Is it Baby McBabyface?
Sweet Lou!
They've named their child bobby womack, there I've saved you a click
Full name Louis Edward Albert Charles Harold.
French name for a German baby, how English.
This is America, we fought a war so that we could only care about things like what Beyoncé and the Kardashian’s name their kids #Sarcasm
@klhannah_  check it!!
A/c @oanticlique internacional
Shoulda been Prince Albert
I wish them well
Did I miss congrats from Trex ?
Would their child get treated like Alfie?
https://www.facebook.com/Breitbart/posts/10161059694735354 …
Seriously , It's really  :Prince Louie Art Chuck Windsor, (wonder who thought up chuck?) That name  is.....  like a clean shoulder of fresh sour lactose.Seriously, congrats to them,the more the merrier to deny the throne to , or fight over,keep pumpin em out kids. Willys leading.
Art Vandelay was a weird choice
Ooooohhhh!
.@cnnbrk Cool, I guess. I mean, most people get to name their kids so I don't know why this is breaking news
Prince William and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, have named their third child https://cnn.it/2r2kGvx 
King Arthur!
I call "Do Over."
#SaveAlfieEvans #AlfieEvans
We want to make our own island nation only 10,000 more to go
May I suggest Royal Scum the 3rd?
Well at least they gave him a first name that isn't used much. With everything the totals are doing to come to the 21st century, how about giving some new and never used names.......
RtBREAKING: House Intel Committee clears Trump campaign of any Trump Russia collusion.

Russia Trump collusion story is now more than dead. I don't know how many times we're going to hear nothing was found yet Democrats want to continue their fairytail fabricated narrative alive.
Wow what a huge news story to follow
FYI: There's a "The Crown" Season 3 spoiler in this article.
Why? Really. Why Louis? The Royal lineage isn't french. Is it
British bookies are taking a beating, they were sure it would be Elmo.
#AlfieEvans
Ugh, crap name all around

One takeaway from @BretBaier interview: Given its importance in Trump-Russia probe and his own relationship with the president, James Comey's ignorance of some basic facts about the dossier is stunning. http://ow.ly/G6QF30jI1tn 
Now guys time to get a job!
Maybe can celebrate new life by showing support for Alfie and his parents.

Click bait. 
And there's no such thing as royalty. 
We are all human---we are all equal.
Why a French name? Why?
Earn $400+up /mo driving where you already drive! http://bit.ly/RefCarskgs  Proven System For Success: Driving w/ an ad on your car. Advertise on your vehicle & earn passive income w/ our small, see thru ads on your back window. Local /national campaigns available.
Who cares?
Long life to the Prince Louis!
No one with a life cares
Not a single f**k was given that day.
scam artist
I was hoping for Skippy.
Que aburrida la vida en El primer Mundo... Estas son las noticias
"Skip" was a surprising choice.

This is news? Jeeze.
Who cares?

‘Our baby has arrived folks!! Yes we’re talkin to you bettors, Prince LOUIS ARTHUR CHARLES is his name, now go and claim your prize smart cookies!’
okay.. and no African royal family had given birth this year..???
Was he named after Louis CK?
...huh, my money was on "Lucky"...
It's WTF (William The Father)
Even baby name is a breaking news. What a hell is happening with journalism.
Welcome prince Louis.
Angrez ka Taimur
Wow that's fascinating..
Any one tells what that name means
He was named after his great great uncle who was murdered by the IRA
Really? Thanks, that should be another story
@SavedYouAClick help
I like it.....and I think the 1D fans will too. Arthur....ok why not? Stacey Slater made the name modern again in #Eastenders after all. Charles....gotta give Grandad some kudos I guess lol. Congrats Wills and Kate.
Arthur is one of William's middle names.
Breaking News! 
Beautiful name 
LAC. 

Amazing.
Congrats!!
It's Naruto. Saved you a click
Never mind.
My daughters is now named Robin
I like the name.
