So sad  RIP
and we still think nothing is wrong when in 2 days, someone has walked in a killed 4 at a Waffle House, 10 dead in Canada both still live...while a black man is killed before he could even speak in his grandmas backyard

White Person: “Mentally ill”
Brown Person: “Animal” or “Terrorist”
White person shooting: "we need to take white people's guns away"
Muslim with van: "stop being islamaphobic. He probably just got confused about which pedal was the gas"
Guns: made to kill or maim living beings 
Cars: made to transport people around town

...and who said we need to take “white peoples” guns away?
Guns: constitutionally protected to keep people safe if a tyrannical government decides to enslave them.
Cars: not a necessity to living
You think telling the government you're tolerant of Sharia Law is gonna save you any better?

How come the media won't report on the killer himself ? What is his back ground
Driver identified as Saheim Muhammed Hyde
Negative, ghost rider. Try again.
Dont know how they do it in Canada but the US here is a reference chart
From Fox news? lol
BAN VANS!
BAN FALSE EQUIVALENCIES
I SECOND THIS NOTION
WHICH ONE ALSO WHY ARE WE TYPING IN ALL CAPS
BAN PEOPLE
I CAN GET ON BOARD WITH THIS ONE
We have got to outlaw vans immediately!!!
And 1 cop in a standoff, calmed the situation & arrested the suspect.  In the USA they would have had a squad of paramilitary Yahoos increasing the tension & killing the suspect w/ 1000 rounds. US should send it's cops to Canada for real police training.
The reason he was alone is not enough funding for cops or the rest were in Tim Horton's munching on donuts. 
Watch all the Republicans go on an angry tyrade against Muslims.
Actually he's reported to be Armenian, we shall see what his religion is. No point making stuff up.
Time for Trudeau to close the gates
What gates?  Dude was born and bred in Canada
Stop renting vans to people named Mohammed or similar. Not racist, realistic.
The van driver's name is Alek Minassian. What's that got to do with Mohammad?
Why is cnn tv showing nothing but trump as breaking news!!
Because here in the UK, slang for fart is trump. So breaking wind seems quite appropriate......
As usual Police saying its NOT TERRORIST incident!So lets consider the facts even if driver had heart attack U CUD,NT hav MURDERED thes numbers,pls can we hav drivers name that wil answer what every1 already know,PLS DON,T PROTECT TERRORISTS like SrMgt @WMPolice v @Justice4the21
Actually, just watching the video from the takedown you can see its a terrorist attack. The driver is pretending to have a gun so the cop shoots him.
Mentally institutions should check up these things that always occur
This is sad and getting out of hand randomly killing innocent people .
This is terrorism
We need to ban mini vans now, let's not stop at guns!!
If the fella is a white guy and a citizen then no big deal only maybe he has a mental issues or he fails to take his medications but if he is an immigrants or refugee then immigration laws need to be amended.
Trudeau will award this terrorist 10 mil for his pains.
Dddrr4zswweeesdzzzzdzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzs222222wwe
So is trump gonna build a wall on our northern side looks like that's where the terrorist are?
Ignorance! Trump is building the wall because he wants to stop the inflow of drugs and illegals.
You're not wrong, the PM is doing evrrything he can to protect his brotherhood. Can't criticise the religion of peace anymore.
What color was he?
The fact they’re not mentioning it tells you all you need to know.
He was a white male. Im fron Ontario and thats what our local news is reporting
Wrong, he was middle eastern decent
Source? Not looking for an argument just not seen it mentioned anywhere
CP24 and CBC are the local stations
You'll see....
@isacabible  I was asking for your source on that. If you are assuming just admit it.
VAN CONTROL
How’s about a no fly, no drive, no rent list that’s distributed to local businesses? Put the guys picture on the wall like we do in the post offices here in the States. For Gods sake, don’t rent any vehicles to these KNOWN idiots. How many lives ruined today?
Liberals it’s time to ban trucks
https://twitter.com/LouDobbs/status/988561632019218433?s=19 …
Wow.  A self-driving car no less.  Crazy!
prayers for all
That van will burn in #HELL for its actions.
Horrible...
Ban vans.
A rental van, so a premeditated attack similar to others in Europe, most likely not just some random mentally ill person.
This is becoming a common mode of terrorism- Will need more barriers to protect pedestrians!
Kudos to the @TorontoPolice officer who kept his calm and took the perp down without firing at him which is likely what he wanted.
He should have killed him and saved taxpayers millions of dollars in justice system to get him off because of mental illness.
My condolences to all if the victims families and friends. I hope those that were injured make a full recovery & that the driver that killed and harmed these people gives an explanation for his horrible actions.
Pray for victims families 
Tragic 
Ban vans #VanControl
And @realDonaldTrump will be blamed for this in 3, 2, 1....
Yeah The van drove into a crowd
No a driver drive the van!

But Canada loves everyone and accepts everyone.  This kind of stuff isn't suppose to happen to open border gay loving, christian hating societies.
...and the police didn't so much as scratch the man driving the van.
Semi or full automatic transmission?
Didn't they outlaw automatics?
Wtg @JustinTrudeau pos
Mondays am I right....
We need van control now!
Outstanding job done by TPS officer that arrested the suspect
You Can Invest With BITCORN And Earn More Then 300% Per Month (30-Days), Send Me EMAIL :- hamilton.ohio100@gmail.com  Now To Get The Investment Link Above.
Can we ban these damn vans already!? Or are all the politicians in Canada afraid of the National Van Association? #cowards
God grant their families and friends fortitude to bear the irreparable losses and speedy recovery to the injured
Finally @CNN you are reporting this major tragedy..that happened way over 1 hour ago...your TV network prefers to continue Trash news instead of reporting this TERRORIST ATTACK...why is that??? This is not supposed to happen in LIBERAL-CANADA right??? what are you going to Blame?
No one NEEDS a van. These bitter truck-clingers can ride bicycles and RENT a van with the proper permissions and oversight from governmental authorities after universal background checks.
BAN CARS
It's insane how fast the Toronto van attack fell off of cable news. 9 people are dead and 16 more injured. Nobody is covering it right now.

CNN and MSNBC are talking about pornstars again
What are you talking about? They sent this very tweet you are replying to. But they aren't covering it?
Terrorist attack in Toronto and your tv coverage is focusing on Trump’s Lawyers?! Wtf!
Better ban vans
The van never drove into people they tend to be manoeuvred by drivers
Oh but people say guns kill!
Wake up people!!!
I think you meant to say, ...”when a cowardly, disgusting sack of human bio waste drove a van into pedestrians on a busy street”.
The van drive itself? 
Who proofreads this crap?
Oh, I get it. So like when the gun shoots people, or the knife stabs someone or the bomb sets itself off
So you're proud of being a moron?
Was the van arrested?
Nope, white van privilege.
Why isn't this being talked about on CNN?
Ummmm this is a CNN post on Twitter. What else do you want?
Ummm they aren't.
I guess there wasn't anyone behind the wheel?  it was just a random van out of control?  Vans don't kill people, people kill people.
Stop the van show loophole
rental van= terrorism
So are we banning vans now?  They are obviously assault cars... And it was the vans fault I am sure...
Man, someone is not going to get their security deposit back.
9 people have died, this is the worst day in their families lives, and you joke about it? You’re sick in the head pal!
Guns, bombs, cars, shoes, spit balls... bad people will find ways to do bad things and hurt innocent people
:O
This attack has all of the hallmarks of an Islamic terrorist attack. Pray for the victims. #Toronto.
Ban religion...
Wow a self driving van drove into pedestrians?
Smh rip
Van drove itself, huh?

Bet all you librials want to ban vans now dont you.
Spell Liberals correctly and then we can talk.
This van almost hit me Sunday morning! Came barreling down the street and ran a red light. Thought it was weird at the time but damn. He was FLYING.
And number of other vehicles running reds driven by idiots!
No mention has been made about this horrible person.  Think before you post inaccurate data..the police will let you know who he is so do not make an assumption about his ethnic background.  Shame on you.
Hitler killed 6 million jews.
Guess his is what happens when you have open borders.  Didn’t work out so well for ya Canada did it
And you have proof the driver was an immigrant do you? So very ignorant. How's your school shootings today?
Many Canadians are born with the name Mohammed. We have a long history of multiculturalism. Feel free to google it.

Also, a name has not been released by Toronto Police. Site your source.
His name is Alek.
#Toronto
Yes. Canadian news sources have confirmed this since my tweet.

Not "MAHammed" though. Wonder where their news was imagined from.
He Should not have left the van alive.
Wow the van drove itself. Let the spin begin. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
How can you spin this to blame Trump?
What if every sidewalk and small restaurants outside had bollards to stop people from getting injured or killed? It would be costly, but it would certainly prevent tragedies like this and what happened in Germany.
They did that in NYC. Have you heard of any van attacks there?
Religon of peace is at it again.
@potus 

#pedovores steal lie cheat and subvert justice. CNN is their mouthpiece 
@CraigRSawyer @cjm101560
The van was in uptown Toronto not downtown
Do they have potheads in Canada?
2/2 being controlled by Demons
..many say they dont remember doing the acts...many hear "voices" ( Demons)
Damm When Is This Going To Stop
1/2 BLACK AWAKENING! End Times are here! Satan knows his time is running short..So he is releasing his demonic controlled Santanic super soldiers...these events are going to increase. ( Google Pastor Dizdar " Black Awakening ") these killers are personalities are.....
@4994Aoife
Prayers for the injured and the families of the dead.  Canada opened its arms to these nuts.  Sad
Actually, he was a white male
So the van drove itself I guess just like guns fire themselves...smh
Means matter...we need more barriers where we walk...just like guns need more restrictions.
Naughty van.
Yes we know. You already posted this Tweet a little earlier. No need to keep on posting them. People do know how to scroll down. At least, I think they know how. Unless they are too lazy to & are too hyper focused only on what is at the top of the Twitter page.
Over a year ago, as we saw an immediate up-tick in racial and religious violence following the Trump election, I tweeted that we were seeing the beginning of our slide into anarchy and chaos. I see nothing so far that makes me believe anything else.
So you’ve consistently been a twat for over a year?
“Van” didn’t do anything
Apart from run 20+ people over
Nope, that was a terrorist.
Doesn’t say someone was driving it does it
Ridiculous tweet
Apparently the terrorist doesn’t have a name.
The new way to be a terrorist!
In a countries with strict gun control anyway.
Hmm. Look at that. A van drove into pedestrians. All by itself apparently.
Are you having. Town hall to call for van control?  Is it only the white vans with a fully automatic transmission?
Ban butter knives and vans!
Again?
I can’t believe the van did that. Was the van on any government watch list?
Stay safe everyone
Barcelona, New York, London and Nice.... how about #TelAviv & #Jerusalem?
How about never again and nowhere else ?
I guess were going to need to start banning all vehicles. vehicles kill, vehicles kill more than guns
Guns kill, muslim with vehicles kills, ban guns and muslims.
"a van drove into pedestrians" as if the operator had nothing to do with it
What is wrong with people? There is no way man was made in the image of God! They are just too flicked up!!!
Free Will is a tricky and confusing thing.  Maybe Man just needs a reset?
They’ve sucked from the beginning of time .. wars greed - killing - hate. I think God was a dog - they are so cool and loving :-)
Better hope it ain't a chicken or we are all screwed.
Would  kill him and eat him without a second thought - and say his fault for being a chicken!!
God? Since man created God that seems fair.
Who do the Canadian authorities have in custody?
Probably someone who was admitted here to enrich our cultural composition
Where are you from Phillipe?
From here
You realize "here" is a digital spaceand no one can see you waving your hand or sending up a smoke signal, right?
Look carefully, right here.
"A van drove into pedestrians" Did the van come to life?

A human being drove the van into a crowd of people. That "human" was a Muslim
"Look people killed in another country. That gives us the opportunity to do nothing and pretend everything is fine" - MAGA Chuds, probably.

Thanks Obama.....
prayers for everyone involved in this senseless act of terror.
معلش
17 people killed when ar-15 fires inside school...see how ridiculous that sounds?
Since we're posting random old news articles: The Titanic hit an iceberg! Killed ~1500 people.
Nah it’s not random when it’s completely relevant and under discussed.
So we need a minivan ban now?
Has nothing to do with it either, the issue stems way past the tools they use to show their political issues.
I’d say ban mini vans but 
Mini vans don't kill people, people who drive them do! . We have to be careful btw, the surviving relatives might sue the production company...
PLANET HELL:(((WHERE IS EARTH GOD?
Holy f dude

Congratulations to everyone on this blessed day, the birth anniversary of #ZaynalAbideen #ImamSajjad (as) 
We congratulate everyone on the blessed day of the birth anniversary of #AbulFadhl #AbbasibnAli (as). 
