Rhat is if he himself still has an elected job after November
So said due to safe seat in downward spiral state.
Love my President
He deserves pity for his choice. Definitely not an intelligent man if he wants to back Trump.
@SenatorLankford extremely disappointed as a supporter of you. Find a better Republican candidate to back and help he or she win the nomination
Who????
@SenatorLankford Your judgement is called into question.
The world will find out there will be millions more people supporting Trump than elected him. In part, because of the Democrats and weak Republicans refusal to work with him to accomplish why we elected him. He MUST have congress’s support.

I’m astounded that we@have elected leaders who are willing to support a person whose behaviors suggest that he is morally depleted. Can we not have a leader that is capable of delivering results while being morally strong?
Idiot
Conservatives said it in 2014. If Trump somehow found his way to the Presidency, he'd probably have to primary for reelection.
C’mon GOP! You can get someone better for your party. This is just bottom of the barrel for you guys. I’m not even a republican and I feel you guys can do better.
CNN is really focusing on the wrong issue.  The 2020 election is 30 months away. You have all important issue I the world and people live to discuss as we speak and you take your time to talk about 2020? Do CNN even know what ppl cares about now?
Ass kisser, traitor
@SenatorLankford smack yaself
Of course a toad stool would.
~ when you know someone has not an ounce of substance.
Every good and right thinking human been will support @realDonaldTrump come 2020 #SupportBiafraReferendum
It's human "being." Try to get some education about economics and world affairs before you vote against.
"would support", or will support.  there is a big difference in the syntax there.  sounds like i'm not committing to anything kind of statement.  let's wait and see which way the wind is blowing kind of statement.
YOU CAN SAY THAT BECAUSE YOU ARE GETTING OUT!! LOTS CAN HAPPEN BETWEEN NOW AND 2020!!!
Idiot !

Does he get a free pornstar for that?
This is the Party suicide pact approach for a Republican

If the North in Korea are no longer an issue for the South then there is no need for the US military presence in the Korea peninsula. I believe the end goal is for Korea to unite and become independent. Done to bypass POTUS who wanted War instead. Everything else is for show.
Why sign up to be thrown under the bus?
He looks like it.
Wrong choice
Disappointing, no more Republican Party! It’s gone. Many centrist conservatives will have to choose another party.
HIS CHOICE! SO NOW IF PEOPLE DON'T LIKE IT VOTE, VOTE,VOTE!!!!#VOTE
WHY????
Headlines one republican what’s next story pelosi won’t vote for him!
Bye bye! 
Vote him out too!
This is news? Goodness CNN
Exactly!
They all need to go. Not one of the Republikkkans has taken a stand against tribe over country.
F"¿Ψck him and his president
He needs to be voted out along with the Dumpster.
Good for him.
When is his term up?
VOTE HIM OUT!!
I envy countries that don't have never-ending campaigns. Election is 2 1/2 years away.
too bad he won't still be a senator
Let's see what he says at the time, once Trump's had a full 5 years to ruin the country, shall we?

FAKE NEWS TRUMP 2020.
Must be senility. You got a hard core of people including the so called “religious right” that Trump could come and shi. on their front steps and they would still support him. These are the ignorant, the frightened, the hate mongers and the greedy rich.
So when does his sexual issues come out......
And there will be a lot more people...Thanks to the left.
That's SAD! trump is an embarrassment to the very country that helped get him what he has. He is a TRAITOR!
He fking lying-he knows if you could put Pence in he would-
You might worry about being in office in 2020 first
Bad move
WOW...How sad....he's history..
what a cowardly "enabler" this man REALLY is; to announce support for a disgraceful bully bigot, a "divider" of people; a hater of certain groups of people, really amazing.  Politics wins again over decency, truthfulness, honor, empathy and goodness!  This man is truly shameful.
It appears that lankford needs to be taken out of office, just like trump. They can keep each other company in the unemployment line.
Time for “Lankford” to go!
Oh poor Jake...
Even CNN can understand what Trump has accomplished in 16 months. The constantly negative babble by elite media is unprecedented for any administration. The facts look u squarely in the face, crying, sniveling, denying, lying, name calling .... go sit in the thinking corner
If they don't support Trump? Well there's the door don't let it hit on the way out!
Perish the thought.
shit, what is wrong with these people!!!
I THOUGHT HE HAD SOME VALUES. HES A LOSER-NO NO LANKFORF!!
Thank the Lord for these women! #WHCA
GO JAMES
@SenatorLankford Good for you to support Trump! We will vote you and him out! We have no tolerance for you a Trump lover.  This will be your last term as a Senator!
Why is this news?
Hopefully he'll be remembered in 2022 for those endorsements and lose to a landslide. Hopefully he's rounded up as a domestic fascist traitor by 2020, and serving a long federal prison sentence.
Of course.
The GOP will follow their dear leader into hell.
Hell  , why wouldn't he???? The country and world has turned around because of Trump... the world is a much better place when the USA is strong unlike the last 8 years of bowing down!!!!!
Yassss!
Why not?
Am happy for President Trump, God will continue to bless you
Lankford looks like the kind of guy who visits a blood bank and asks to make a withdrawal.
And this is why we'll be voting Lankford out! Please pass it on so he can get ready for unemployment
Does anyone still watch Tapper or CNN? Just what is AT&T buying???
Lord help us!
so will over half of America

We need more GOP to get on board!!!
Sen. Lankford is part of the same crooked oil cabal as Scott Pruitt, the man Trump and the Koch brothers have paid to destroy the EPA and the environment. Lankford should resign.
Lol. As long as Hillary doesn't run I will vote for anyone else but Trump. I still can't believe people think he is a great President. I feel like I am stuck in the twilight zone.
Bad move, Bro. Yikes!
Please quit sending  me emails requesting my vote
Bla bla bla...
OMG , you make me LMAO , you are a good comedian
Lankford won’t let his kids listen to trump’s speeches but would support trump 2020.  WTF
Throw him on the fire, then
ANOTHER “STABLE GENIUS “ AMERICA DOESN’T NEED THIS ONE ANYMORE 
That is the whitest white guy on the planet. Not pale, just... his family arrived on The Little House on the Prairie.

DT2020!!!
What the hell is wrong with these people.
One of a very few - for the Republicans need to start putting Country over Party for they have blown it bigly since Trump took office by ignoring his erratic lying behavior, especially his lack of respect for the laws of our land.
Those that are reluctant should receive no funds for there reelection. What the he’ll do they want in a president?  He’s done everything he said he would do if voted into office. Only thing stopping him from 100%, is Democrats.
Hell hath no apostrophe.
The President speaks the why I speak
These idiots really have no idea how small their world is.... they are and will be losing seat after seat after seat. It’s Sad time for republicans.
He better, most Americans will.
Grab em by the midterms
Repeal and Replace the NRAGOP
LMAO
Good to know he's another one that needs to go
Then it's time to replace them one someone who will.
In other words he’s telling you he has no morals or a conscience
He told us that by saying he's a republican in the first place !
Because he’s a clown
#OneTermPresident he has fallen and bumped his head

Good to know
Everyone has a choice.
Good!!!
If North Korea let's in US to dismantle nuclear sites, ill be doing the same.
Hdjdvksbskfbvdldbdjfxnbcjdbx
https://instagram.com/p/BiJsWFcnY8N/ 
Why
