Broken heart and it will be tragic 
Get well soon, Mr. Bush.
ow. that's no fun. its stupid enough   somebody intruduced the word fun in funeral and that a bunch of intellects agreed with that idea. anyway  no way back.meanwhile tge whole system including nothing has backproblems. at least language has to be healed from #stupidagreements
hell is waiting for you
You’re pathetic.
I am realistic, the pathetic one is you
No you’re vile and hateful.
you mean President Bush?
He was a great President.
Compared to the one in office now, they're all great!
Please get well soon sir!
LIVE: Residence of Russian Consulate General closes following Trump’s order  @ABC
All of a sudden CNN acts like they care about the Bush family, gotta  their fake ness!
They are reporters. What are they supposed to do? Lmao
How about reporting real news? Just a thought..
He's next in line to bite the dust...
He wants to vacation in MA this summer!
Just shows the GOOD die young
God bless him he has a broken heart 73 years married how wonderful.I hope he gets better
Wish you all the best great guy

KEK here. I delcare meme jihad 506296063

https://youtu.be/AtFc0lR423c 
Reeeeeeeeee÷eeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
I always thought, & it has been rumored, that women outlived men. I guess not...

VERY  GOOD  NEWS. FOR   AMERICAN  PEOPLE  MR  FORMER  PRESIDENT  GEORGE  H W  BUSH  GOOD  HEALTH  THANKS  AMERICAN  PEOPLE  FOR  YOU PRAYERS  FOR  GOOD  HEALTH  ON. GEORGE  H W BUSH  AMEN
God bless his strength and his family’s love
Follow the bawbwa
Please put some kilograms of Aspartame into his infusions.
Ur a terrible person
And you don´t know shit about what Bush has done.
He more than likely caught something greeting all those thousands of people and the stress.. he’ll survive
@cnnbrk what an accurate representation of his health that is.
Great news
My guess is that he'll become ill again, very soon! He wants to be with his wife!
make sure he's eating good
Get well soon, Mr. President.
yay
Thank God.
Fantastic news!!!
Welcome back Mr.President
that’s good news! Hope his recovery goes well!

Hmmm, did @FLOTUS poison him?
#yaAli
