#WhenTheNarrativeDoesntFit
Look at the number of attackers and the resulting death toll...the narrative always fit
one?
What part of ongoing confuses you?
are you saying you don't think one can do that damage?
I'm saying it is rather high for a "knife"...maybe a sword...young kids so...maybe.

Shall I start linking gun homicides in America...not sure what your goal is here?
When will we have stricter knife laws? I can go into my kitchen and obtain one in less than a minute!
If the attacker(s) had had guns the death toll would likely have been significantly larger. If the Las Vegas shooter had a room full of knives, his death toll would have been a lot smaller. The logic is not hard to figure out Dom.
Well if good guys with guns were everywhere, even a bad guy with a gun wouldn't take as many lives as a bad guy with a gun vs a good guy with no gun.
Bad guys will break laws to get guns. Most good guys won't unless they refuse to comply with unconstitutional laws.
If “good guys” with guns were everywhere and someone starts shooting up a bar, you’d have a fucking bloodbath on your hands. Total confusion, people shooting each other thinking they were the shooter. That argument has never made sense, and never will.
Actually a good guy with a gun would know that you can’t have a firearm in a bar if you are drinking, the same rules to driving apply to a firearm .08 BAC
Christ dude that’s what you took away from my statement? Pick any place where people gather, the same principle applies. Besides, I’m sure the NRA would love you to be able to take your guns with you while you drink. They want them in our classrooms after all.
You have no problems using tax money to protect money and politicians with guns but our children get rocks and mini baseball bats for self defense?
Guns do not make people safer.
Ban all knives
You will find out there were multiple attackers...if they were armed with guns the death toll would 20 times what it was...you're an idiot.
You're a joke
The joke is on anyone comparing a knife to a gun.
But isn't that the same as comparing an M4 to an AR15? Oh but let me guess that only works one way? Step aside shit biscuit, #Trump2020 coming through
Both projectile weapons...you always this stupid?
#Trump2020 makes me laugh...I needed that lol
Ban schools
They should with virtual classrooms.
Students will infect students with computer viruses and we will have to ban keyboards and mouses
No reason to move forward though. They get infected with diseases in the classroom there is no difference.
Ban viruses?
For everyone who's about to tweet "ban knives ha ha" just, refrain. A lot of people already beat you to it and trivializing young people's deaths is unbecoming and douche-y to the max.  (((((Hugs))))) to China sorry we exported this mindset to you.
What don’t you understand about murder? Did you know that it’s outlawed in China too?

It’s...as if...humans do evil things?
2. A phenomenon that has become much, much more frequent in recent years and is an American phenomenon.
An American phenomenon?!  gawddamn this is stupid. I can’t with you. You’ve never picked up a history book or read global news. Just stop.
Give me an example. Not war. Not terrorist. Not government led e.g. Hitler. Not attempt to gain money power or land. Not revenge against specific person. Not serial killer (cool down between kills)Lone angry guy, attacks strangers just to vent rage. Before 1949 in other country.
Surprised that CNN would report on this since it debunks their propaganda narrative about gun control.  No push to ban knives or rental vans yet?  If people can't see CNN is the king of #FakeNews they are blind.
5000 babies killed this week by democrats who love abortion and planned parenthood killed over half. 39% black babies. Wake up.. demo gods your being played black folks.
Horrible
Better get on your bike and pedal to China as fast as you can, Hogg!
man, you must have had this photo queued... that was quick
He’s a bot dude
Is he really?
Sorry. Misspelled ‘Troll’.
You are too kind!
maximum penalty
Must be died
Horrible MayGod be with all involved
The reason for this kind of issues of persons going berserk can be found on this link: https://archive.org/details/VEDSWRITINGSNEW … Item no. 22
Ban "assault" knives now! Background checks for all cutlery!
I’d rather be shot
I don’t see how people replying to this think this is funny. 19 people got stabbed and 7 of them died. ALL OF THEM KIDS. Shame tragedies are appropriated by both the left and the right for their own personal agenda
Hurry, blame the gun.
9 students so far, random dead society
Somehow this will get blamed or twisted onto the NRA
Ban all knifes! Ban all bats, ban all bombs, ban all poisons, ban all guns, ban all vehicles, ban all planes, ban all evil tbought.
Better ban knives!
Oh you are sooooo cleaver
Praying for the families and victims involved.

These high capacity military grade assault knives are made more lethal by adding a bump stock and vertical forward grip. Ban them now, or the terrorists win
No gun? And school children were killed and injured? How can this be?
Did you say KNIFE ATTACK killed seven. Repeat that again KNIFE attack. How can a knife kill seven, sure it wasn't and AR-15 CNN. Knifes don't kill, people kill
Imagine how many it would have been if the perpetrator had an AK-47.
Imagine how many people it wiuld have been if a security gusrd had a gun
Enter the ammosexuals claiming guns wouldle reduced the number of casualties. 
Enter the idiots thinking that it is all about the weapon and not the mindset of the individual
Enter the idiot who thinks a gun doesnt do more damage than a knife and that having more of them available and accessable doesnt increase the chance a person with a mental illness gets his hands on one.

Probably the same idiot who thinks an amendment cant be amended.
I guess you would have to ask those kids whether being killed by a knife or a gun was worse. Point is in inanimate object can’t do anything without a person with a motive behind it.
That was never the point. The point is a person with a motive can do more damage with a gun.
No AR15 there.
There would have been more bodies on the ground if there was.
Ya think?
I know
Guess what no guns!
I've never heard of it in China。
case is not different from America.
Ban all knives!!!!!
I bet everyone is just glad no one got shot......
david hogg is available to give a speech against assault knives...for a fee
Get rid of guns, they get knives
Guns, knives, chemical gas, bombing makes absolutely no difference when innocent children are victims no matter where in the world they suffer. Thoughts to the poor kids and their families.
Anxious to see liberal solution.  Ban knives?????
Are you sure this is not the US? My mistake! The US only shoots students!
Time to ban knives. Invest in sporks 
What it wasn’t a deadly gun???
Background checks and stricter laws on knives. We hit the streets tomorrow and march for common sense knife reform.
Where is the knife ban,more knifes then guns,bless the nra
Assault knife?
I’ve been saying this for a while. If anyone wants to do damage to someone they will do it no matter what. It’s not the tool ppl, it’s the person using the tool who does the damage. 
We need common sense knife control
Prayers to children in China!
Can’t use the “This only happens in America” narrative anymore.
Luckily the assailant couldn’t get hold of a semi automatic weapon
Here comes the march to ban knives
amazing China！
Praying
Ban knives. Praying for the victims and families.
To the people sarcastically saying “ban knives” to make their weird point. Answer this. Would this same person were to have a gun, would he have killed less or more people in this incident?
Wow! It took you 9 hours but you finally covered it.

I thought it would be entirely censored for contradicting your demands for gun control.
Thoughts and prayers.
See you fools it is not guns.
great example set by the U.S. 
But they didn’t die
Someone hacked @cnn again. Knives don’t kill like guns do
So why don't all Muslims stop what they are doing and go and stop Isis
Shucks.
Wow guys what about the families of these children who died and those who are injured. Have some compassion. They need others now as they endure the aweful pain of losing a child. Please lets use this time to encourage them and show love.
I agree with you, but after Parkland shooting people were saying its never too soon to talk gun control. I think there needs to be a willingness to talk together from both sides because the only thing i know is we will Never win unless we can all sit down and talk together.
This is heart breaking
Terrible news. Can we finally admit that there is a severe mental health crisis in our youth, and its not the guns, or the vans, or the knifes.
Was it an assault knife?
Appalling.
Take all knifes  from our kitchens...........knifes kill.
Just waiting for leftists start screaming it.....
We need stricter knife laws. Universal knife background checks. No more assault knives. No more knife show loopholes.
We do have knife laws. Like, you can't just carry a machete or a sword in the middle of the street. Lmaon
@Emma4Change
That is heart wrenching!
National knife association: blood is on your hands.
That's the one the gun nuts have been waiting for.
But did they have clear backpacks?
Blessed be.
Gun huggers are gonna jump all over this in 3,2,1...
breaking news? It's the middle of the night in China!!
Damn you National Cutlery Association
See.... guns don’t kill people, people kill people. If someone wants to kill people then they going to kill people. Wither it be by gun, knife, van, bomb, whatever.
Sad to hear that but what I really want to know is, why did Joy Reid lie?
There are crazy people everywhere, but we are the only country crazy enough to give our crazy people AR-15 rifles to allow them to carry our their craziness easier and with larger death counts - so stop with the Ban knives garbage.
We need to ban all sharp objects globally.
My heartfelt sympathies go to the famlies, victims, and young people who suffered.
It's time to find out why so many are lashing out in such violent ways. Time to treat the disease and then the symptoms will end.
WAIT....a knife school attack killed more kids than 99.9% of all school shootings in America do with a gun. NOW WAY. #FACT @davidhogg111
Wao que lamentable
If Trump hadn't been using such poisonous rhetoric in dealing with north Korea and distracting the Chinese, China would not have been distracted and could have prevented this
Knew someone would blam Trump lil
Flashback “Fifty killed in a knife attack at a Chinese colliery”
Here come the Right-Wing gun rants...

Insensensitive asshole. Grow up.
Ban psychopathy.
Very sad and tragic.
Where are the good guys with knives
Ok.
the death of children is regrettable.
Now let's start the campaign against the knives. knives kill let's ban and control the use of knives!

If the presidential elections #Election2016 were held today, would you vote for Donald Trump or Hilary Clinton?  #polls

Flashback “Japan knife attack: 19 killed at care centre in Sagamihara”
Flashback “Not Just Sandy Hook: China’s Terrifying Knife Attacks...”
Flashback “33 Dead, 130 Injured in China Knife-Wielding Spree”
Wow they need to ban knifes.
Geezuz.. what is up with these murderous idiots?
Ban all vegetables that need to be sliced or diced
But i thought this only happens in America.
Knife attacks only happen in America? No. No one says that at all actually.
These culinary knife nuts should stop saying we are trying to ban knifes. We just want to sit down, and talk about common sense legislation. You don’t need a knife that can cut a thousand vegetables per second!
Ban hands, if people didn’t have hands there would be no crime.
In a knife attack wow
@ssocialstudies
Knife control up
So ban knives in  China?
#ComprehensiveKnifeControl @davidhogg111 #ComprehensiveKnifeControl @davidhogg111 #ComprehensiveKnifeControl @davidhogg111 #ComprehensiveKnifeControl @davidhogg111 #ComprehensiveKnifeControl @davidhogg111 #ComprehensiveKnifeControl @davidhogg111 #ComprehensiveKnifeControl
Us is now exporting its shitty cyborg... This things were unheard of outside US or should we blame media. I grief for lost souls
Combined with the stabbings in London it suggests that senseless violence is not merely an American phenomenon.
'state-run news agency'

@DNC run @CNN

Potata Patata
NRA Fault
Trump's fault
Whitey's fault
AR15's fault
Toxic masculinity fault
Christianity's fault

I can keep going...
I thought they had a ban on knives?
Damn Knives... #BANKNIVES #Reppeal123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627Amendments
Why are people making jokes?
Is there any plan from the chinese government to ban knives?

The knife was semiautomatic
China won’t waste time with this thug death sentence  immediately
I think more or less the point here is people are pieces of shit overall and will hurt others with many many different means
agreed, all the "knife control" posters are real pieces of shit.
  Such sad news.  My condolences to their families and friends.
OMG
Instead of arguing about politics for once , can we have a moment of condolence for those 7 kids and the pain there families are experiencing ?
No this is twitter that will never happen
In human act only beasts can do it not human being
Terrible event but shows we have to get to the root of the problem.
Waits for David hogg assessment of this
He was there. Wait til he gets his hand bandaged. He’ll show video
Was the knife made in China?
Knife control now damnit! #NeverAgain
So sad
Unless you would be interested in a duel with a person armed with an AR15 and you a pocket knife or even a machete, don't compare the two as proof that semiautomatic guns aren't a big issue. 7 deceased, likely children, don't roll your eyes and say "better ban knives."
You mean it IS people that do the killing and not any particular weapon?!?
Was it an “assault” knife or a “military-style” knife?  WAY too easy to get.
Well what do you know, No AR -15
Cue the #2A nuts to pithily cry for a ban on kni... oh, wow you guys are on top of your nonsense game today, huh?
a WHAT attack? 
Sword?  Knife?  Thank god not a ar machine gun
So many sick people out there
but that's unpossible
Get well soon 
Do you have a townhall ready to go on banning knives?
@SenSanders @BernieSanders @KamalaHarris China and Japan have the tightest gun laws but when someone grabs a knife or sword look out - heads roll!
Time for them to start looking at knife control laws and banning knives for the good of the people. Just saying....
Was this an "AR" style knife?  Was it automatic or semi-automatic. We need answers.
You could tell it was a military style knife attack because the knife had a flashlight attachment & tactical style tactics... tactical. It’s is also believe that this particular knife could be fired at a thousand rounds per second... the FBI should investigate culinary knife nuts
So knives can be used for mass killings, apparently.
Now compare those numbers to mass shooting with guns. You don't have to go far though. 17 died in parkland which is more than twice the number of people killed here although that shouldn't undermine how bad this is.
Totally agree. But if the goal is to save lives, we should focus on the causes of most deaths.
Heart disease?
So much for the gun control argument.
If alive, this guy ain't gonna be waiting 15yrs on death row.......I'll give him weeks at maximum.
Better ban them knives!!
@realDonaldTrump prepared to say "loser.  If s/he (pronounced Xi) had AR15s like American's, they could have killed at least a dozen more."
At least seven students killed and 12 injured in a knife attack at a Chinese middle school, state-run news agency says https://cnn.it/2jelbi1  
It's not the knives or the guns that  the problem it's the people that have them even if you banded them they would find some way of getting them ?? Jan
According to Democrats, Only guns kill.  Fake news.
Um ... what? That's literally fake news because nobody says "only guns kill". What kind of drugs are you doing?
The comments in this thread are the reason why I consider moving to Canada.
Better not....they have knives in Canada too!
Damn right we do. Oh and guns too so good luck lol.
Proof that you need to tend to culture and mental health more than the weapon of choice.
And here come the Trumpers with the "they used a knife therefore gun control is pointless" trope.
And ur definitely the person he was talking about lmao
((((((China))))))
Inb4 we must ban knife tweets
Yes that they will say next!
#IMAMMAHDİ 
