No one cares. Game 7 NHL Stanley Cup Original 6 Playoffs are happening now.
Lol another CNN "Townhall" 

You're only fooling idiots at this point lol
Did you give him the questions before hand ?
No sir he ain't Trum
Wow my comment went way over your head. Do some research
You try your own advice
You're about stupid, aren't you? Not TRYING to be rude here, but it really is hard to NOT make that observation. Ok, so maybe not stupid, but shall we say uninformed? You seem to be unaware that Hillary was given the questions for one of the debates ahead of time.
A screened audience....with screened questions 

#CNN 
#ThisIsPropaganda
He’s stand up and honerable for the last 8 years,,, about the time lying crazy don was boinking Stormy and others.  His answers are consistent and lucid.  Fox CoolAde drinkers should wake up.
.#Flash @PentagonPresSec : "France and Usa / pkk army ready for fight in syria “
You mean biggest whitehouse involvement,war crimes,Dr menghle2
What? Anderson's taking a break from blowing the lid off nookie?
Make sure you stick to your question card cnn gave you
Tell it like it is Comey !!! 
Comey's held more interviews than @realDonaldTrump has press conferences. What's he afraid of? Afraid he'll sound like the ass he is. Unintelligible & uneducated on matters that count. I wish Macron was our president.
VOTE BLUE IN NOVEMBER AND IN 2020 LET'S TAKE AMERICA BACK
Thanks for putting country and democracy over loyalty to party as many Republicans have done.  #truthmatters
Sorry, watching more PBS entertainment. James has nothing new to offer.
garbage....
Blind leading the blind.  Hope no one craps on desk, as Cooper has alluded to in past!
Bad Comey (Hillary email warning) or Good Comey (Fuck Trump)?
Comey is slime!!!
Comey is truth that's why he was fired.
A democratic crowd in attendance. Should be a relaxed conversation.
Well, it's not like you're gonna see Trump attending a town hall meeting where he'd have to answer questions on the spot. If he would, I'm sure Reps would be there to defend every word. He could prob shit on stage and ask Reps to eat it... and they would.
I choose facts over fiction. Its evident by the results being accomplished with world issues that our president is working for the people and not against.

Yea because CNN does such a great job with town hall meetings.fixed questions paid audiences and Hitler would be proud of the propaganda parade.
Comey is finished
Comey is a fraud.
Truth, lies & leadership
#AHigherLoyalty
#Comey
James Comey is an Honest Homey.
Cuomo why are you arguing with Conway?  Time to turn you off!

Director comey's right we didn't vote for the chaos of the Trump white house but we also didn't vote for the intelligence Community leaking  his phone calls and spying on American citizen!!! both sides are wrong! very wrong!!!
Would watch but I know guestions were hand picked and practiced before hand. Kind of like Hillary Clinton DNC debate questions
Great questions by the students!
Soft ball questions by the criminal news network.
What a joke
Happening right now @cnnbrk ratings are still tanking.
No one cares
You mean scripted questions your known for that
This guy just give u every reason to hate him. FBI has a major black eye because of him.

Why?  He lies continuously.
A CNN FIXED TOWN HALL 
HOW RIVETING!
Lol
Excellent, lob Comey some softballs and prep him as new “ethical” pundit for CNN, the most mistrusted network
When you know the answers to the questions this is a bullshit meeting not a town hall meeting
Comey a disgrace #nobodycares
Enjoy ur freedom....
Barnum and Bailey must be in town tonight.
Director Comey hinted that @POTUS acts like a Mob Boss. Well, Trump’s “Consigliere”, Michael Cohen just invoked his 5th amendment rights. Trump Crime Family.
Anderson Cooper! So the deck is stacked at the start? Get softball bat out Jim.
He needs arresting before he lets any more secrets out
Those are gunna be tough questions lol.. @andersoncooper will suck him off during commercials regardless so @Comey should enjoy.. he loves feeling powerful haha, he deserves a a short rope on a y'all tree for treason
Hard pass



Go get'em lawman.
