does that mean FATSO can get back to his daily "spanking" over the next  90 days?  Just askin.....F and F wants to know this; I do not particularly care one way or the other.
Of course...closer to #Midterms for maximum impact.  This is to be expected...part of a political strategy.

Secret Service says it has no record of having to intervene with Ronny Jackson during a 2015 POTUS trip: http://secretservice.gov/data/press/rel … 

we have to wait and wait to see trump go down in flames...but it will be worth it
Please hold your breath while you wait.... thank you very much!!
he's going to prison...get used to it sweetie
Only in your dreams “honey”
this is strange for me since I don't care about who people are "with" in their private lives, and it's a nice PUBLIC reminder of who could betray you when you do "private" things with disloyal people, and yet the threat of blackmail ... equals relevant
CNN please stop with your fake news.

why @CNN let one man. Jeff Zucker completely destroy their credibility. If 1 anonymous source says anything about a @realDonaldTrump selection for example Admiral Jackson you run with it. With no evidence.its no longer just fake news. It’s destroy all who support @POTUS. WHY
This will simply keep the story in the media for another 90 days, there's no way Trump will be happy about that.

*chuckles*
Why a "stay"?
Better settle!
Cohen will ne BROKE soon! Legal fees!
Great, Old STUPID News anyway.

Boooooooooo
BooooooooooM

LOL
This is in response to his indictment
Can someone put me through, what is her case against Trump?
You live in USA ? If yes you should know better
On the brink of world peace with N.K...and this is what you’re slinging! Pathetic monkeys of CNN. SHAMEFUL!  UNFREAKING BELIEVABLE!!!
I hope you know not much is going to change. Trump had nothing to do with NK. Their reactor site was damaged. That was the only reason why they met with SK and Pompeo. Trump had nothing to do with it.
What a childish thing to say....uneducated....ignorant and decisive.  “Things” have already gotten better and will only continue to get better. Why would that piss you off to the point that you would lie or distort facts. We’re all in this together.
Well Stormy will continue her whore tour and working on her back. Perhaps she has some very famous names in her book that they do not want revealed. Maybe even the Jydge.
Hey #Clintonnewnetwork someone should be asking why the FBI and DOJ r getting out of handing over all the document asked for by congress.
Justice DELAIDED(SIC)     :)

Facebook & Online want Congress to regulate fake news on Cable Media like they propose for Online Social Media-both are social media & penalties/regulations should be equal @TheLeadCNN @realDonaldTrump @TheDemocrats @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @FoxNews @seanhannity @CNN
The case? What case? Is it illegal to sleep with somebody now. This is not even fake News. This is not News at all. People around the globe is suffering and you are calling your selfs a news channel? Get a life!

The biggest lie you tell, but maybe your just stupid!
It's okay he'll be convinced impeached or stepped down by then.
read this carefully and share it with friends....cnn is not you friend..potus is!

Looky here           oh boy, the storm has just begun..buckle up!
Garbage
As though it even matters. Watching the media make this very unflowered woman a pilgrimage for justice when no one gives a hill of beans. We know he's done more in 15 months then the last or any Administration in modern history. The media are simply morons.
CNN the trash gossip media should hire the Ding dang Dong stormy as sex therapist!
shame on you trump
Mueller needs to give TRUMPS attorney's 90 days to testify under oath or go to the grand jury. Investigate Nunes and Doctor Jackson get their testimony on the record!!!!!!!
If she was in some 3rd world nation, like India, she would not move further up than the local police station.
The stormy attorney is really stretching his 15 min... everyone knows in the end this is all noise to distract from the real issues.  Nothing will become of it..
Today the House Intel Committee released a finding of NO COLLUSION

And... 

North and South Korean leaders met for the first time in 60 years to END the war! 

But CNN is talking about pornstars and playmates
Okay I’m not American, but I’ve served side by side with your armed forces on many occasions and I’m proud of it. I love the US  and always looked upon it as a great nation but now honestly people you’re being fooled to be busy with this nonsense, it’s degrading to your country.
Has nothing to do with Trump
Give the call girl a break. She needs to get a different story.  She needs more money. I think Trump needs to answer to his wife not the world
This is nonsense! What was she doing throwing herself at a married man. Now she wants glory, fame and money for it. No way! She has no class. We need to stand up against that! All women should respect themselves.
CNN could cover an awful lot of sexual assaults re the Clintons. And murder. But why don't you cover the real paid for dossier instead of wasting all this air time on something petty? Why not cover facts that have been uncovered? Why keep that hidden? Is it really worth it? Deter
Damn!
Trumpie boy needs the 90 days to payoff people
Another 90 days of analyzing and suppositions. Let me run with scissors!!!!
90 days is plenty of time to pack and find a new home .
Maybe they'll be working on a deal for Cohen. But I can't see trump keeping quiet about it in that time!
You might want to follow me as im the future leader of this country! Trust!
Again, who other than CNN 
(Chithole News Network) really gives a flying Fk?
Just put trump on dancing with the stars and call it a day
Stormy is not really a porn star she is a top secret Russian spy and trump was passing her info while he was having sex with her.  Well it sounds like something CNN would come up with just thought I would beat them to it. Fake ass news.
Continue subscribing to the David Koresh networks like Fox/Breitbart/infowars...or use your whole brain and learn some actual due diligence techniques instead of a cultish snap back like most simpletons do.
So did trump payoff the judge lol

N and S Korea made history but by all means, let’s continue on with Stormy Daniels 
I think you two are cute

I’ll bet the buffoon is relieved to hear this!
Maybe he'll be found guilty like you know who
ONCE AGAIN A MAN (judge) DENIES A WOMAN. NO CRAP ANSWERS PLEASE, U KNOW ITS TRUE. GETTING TIRED..NEVER SAW SO MANY BIG TALKING FLAWED MEN IN MY LIFE LIKE AMERICAN MEN. THEY ALL HAVE TO BE MACHO! MOMMY DIDN’T KISS YOUR BOO BOO.
If we can get trump back on fox n friends we could speed all this up!!!
Get Mueller on this...make the man earn his money.
Why ?
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
who cares what Trump did in 2005. Prez clinton was getting bj's and sticking cigars in an interns hoho in the oval office...press said it was his private business.
BUT YOU CAN CATCH   STORMY ON PORN http://HUB.COM   FOR FREE  !!  SHE IS BACK AT WORK !!!!    SO IS TRUMP SAVING US FROM A KOREAN WAR,  !!!!
Please. If that were true, every President since 1960 has “saved us from a Korean War. DJT is the one who escalated the situation in the first place.
Who gives a shit .
Keep waiting, keep hoping and keep dreaming. Nothing will ever come of this. Trump is winning!
TO CNN SCAM

Hmm... sounds fishy.
we told you.....you are getting bambuzled in real time!!!!

enjoy the show..#QAnon

Who cares
Aaaannddd.....no one cares FNN
Hate to tell you all nothings going to happen remember this.
But it is fr from being over. Cohen is just in deeper trouble.
Nail trump like he nailed stormy
This is not going http://away.As  a matter of fact it’s only going to get worse.
As usual, they underestimate the desire of the American people to see justice done with the most unjust leader in our history. They think a delay like this will cause us to forget. My fear is that DJT will start a war to distract next time.
Funny some on right believe this is good news.... There's a big surprise coming (or not so much a surprise to some). Plenty more to see here!
This is only newsworthy of course for CNN 
bullshit freeking soup operas/reality show worst president ever!!!!!!
But I can’t wait 90 days!
Pres. insults: speaking on VA in front of Angela Merkel, "we can fire people almost as fast as they fire people in Germany". Diplomacy ???
Means within 90 days civil court believes Cohen is criminally indicted & deposition on the books for his criminal case. His full testimony in the Stormy civil case can longer incrimate him. He can no longer pled the 5th on the civil case & must submit to depositions in civil case
This will give Reprehensible Donald Trump more time to think of a way to wiggle out of this. Look at that face and tell me you would trust this man... with anything or believe anything he would say.
Nothings going to happen to him I can guarantee it just like the collusion is over two now with Russia stormy Daniels will continue making porn movies I feel really sad for her that she is an abused in this way. I know she needs money and CNN is behind all this
Cheese I have no idea what you’re talking about. CNN is behind what exactly???
Winning!! He’s probably saying to himself(the judge), let’s let this guy denuclearize n. Korea and put aside this porn star bs.
But it’s not.

Typical
Thank god. I couldn’t go a whole day without a CNN story on Stormy Daniels.

Another  six months  she could  have a baby

We saw yesterday on "Fox & Friends" what happened when "the Candy Man" wasn't able to "deliver."  Today  Merkel stood & tried not to make eye contact or do anything that could "set him off." POTUS  IS HAVING A NERVOUS BREAKDOWN & all we hear is "emperor's suit is SO nice!"
So makes one wonder how Tump’s Boy pulled this one off.  The good thing is we should see it all unfold in time for Nov elections.
We KNOW why.  For 3 days, the "world's most powerful man," our POTUS has been melting down on TV, for all the world to see, like the Wicked Witch after being doused with water.  People are TERRIFIED of what might come next. LOOK at the faces of Merkel, reporters & journalists!
He’s isn’t the most powerful man.
Maybe promised the judge Sessions job
What case?
Guess she’ll have to spend another 90 days on her knees!
Just like they planned http://www.kotcb.com/2018/04/mission-acomplished.html …
Will CNN be coming to Stormy's aid when she is bankrupt and becomes a National embarrassment? Or will they toss her out into the alley like they do everyone else once they're done with them? That's a real question.
Perfect  That gives Trump more chances to be on Fox & Friends 
Liberals are takers they don’t know how to enjoy the great economy lower taxes secure borders no more threats from North Korea Chyna wants to renegotiate man dude wake up and smell the coffee he is one of the greatest presidents ever year and a half and look all he’s done
I’m praying for your soul - it’s not a good place to be worshipping the devil 
Wouldn’t it be nice if CNN could go on day without tweeting something about trump?
And vice versa!
Enough time to hide .. destroy or change evidence .. put the blame on someone else?
90 days definitely helps that scenario.
Didn’t #45 just CONFIRM his involvement with the payment on his rambling Fox ‘interview’?
Are payments a crime now? if so a lot of dems are also going to prison.
Surprise...surprise
SLOPPY DANIELS--- your 15 minutes are over.
Just what we need... drag this shit on longer
Foamy Stormy
Ofcourse..smh
Money grabber. She is nasty. Why not come forward when it happened. .She needs publicity so she can work . She’s over the hill. She’s a sleezy person.
She is so ugly 
As if he’s not ugly? At least she doesn’t have to wrap her hair around her head like a turban! Why bring looks into the equation? It’s a pretty sexist statement to make, as evidenced by my sexist rebuttal.

“Breaking news”  what a fucking joke CNN is

Oh and by the way, President Truo May have just saved millions of lives by ending the Korean War.  Now back to the smut.  CNN is basically the National Inquirer
Calling “Mission Accomplished” way to early in the game, just as Bush & Trump did. Why not let Koreans finish their talks & let DJT & KJU actually START & finish talks before erroneously claiming victory. In the real world, you don’t get a trophy for just showing up!

How is she going to stay on the news 24/7. Her show attendance will be affected.
Crap case..
Everyone deserves a Stormy Daniels
fat albert & donnie double scoops could share a cell together!
No one cares who he had sex with 10 years ago.
Doesn’t have anything to do with that. It has everything to do with the fact he used campaign funds which is illegal. And you should hold him to a higher standard. Will you continue to offend them win the pedophilia charges come?
You are leading with this when the Koreas May try peace?    Wow.
You're kidding.
Yeah that’s why every libtard judge has been overturning his legal exec orders and ignoring the constitution.
Well if you fools didn't learn already the more you give free publicity deeper you dig
Not only that the smartest person you got on your side i know who it is & its funny

You are hoping you can drag this out for longer Right?
But no one cares given your desensitizing people..
What? That makes no sense.
That’s okay, we ain’t going no where
CNN's  worse than page 6 gentleman clubs section
What about 60 days and 60 nights.
boooooooooooriiiiiiiiing
Then read a book.
This is what Trump does.  Files Stay after Stay until his money outmatches theirs.  In this case, it won’t work.
That’s totally beat.
Darn it.. What will you do CNN?! Just keep interviewing her and her trash attorney - he’s obviously being paid to attack Trump probably by the NY AG and @PreetBharara - Just so she can proclaim that she’s a whore.. Woo-hoo.. Credible.
Bah bahahahahah bah
Ya know what’s really Funny - i grew up in Maryland, Capitol Hts, Waldorf, Riverdale, Adelphi, Chesapeake Beach, Salisbury, and Finally Ocean City before Moving to Huntington Beach, CA - Best thing I ever did. Maryland is a Shithole.
You are delusional. Not to mention remedial
Still playing who paid the hooker?
Steller work.

Get back in bed Stormy your lawyer needs more money
No I think the @POTUS needs to dish out more $$ to his lawyer b4 he flips...
Flips on what?
Send the prostitute to prison same as any others that present themselves as she has.
That would mean Melania too...you should really think about your tweets b4 posting.
It was losing steam because of the North and South Korea get together, they are hoping it will get legs again in 3 months or disappear altogether.
 It will become 90 years
Because the judge realizes that this is extortion ?
Waiting on another call from Don in Washington on Fox & Friends
Neither of them had good taste, in looks anyway, she seems intelligent.

don't spoil our summer!
It’s almost like the Hanukkah miracle, no?
I bet there is nothing on that cd.
winning!
I think I will go back to Moscow and get me some more pornstars
Justice delayed is justice denied.  Hope President Trump enjoys his litigation vacation.
Lmfao

Are ya hoping “maybe it will go away?” I don’t think so.......!

The only reason I can think of is interference with the criminal investigation from the SDNY. Since Avenatti and others are always talking to the press, they can’t have anything sensitive leak while this process is ongoing.
Thank Hollywood for that your mentor! You millennials grew up with that bullshit! They are your president! Nothings going to happen to the president I can guarantee that.
Your rambling comment makes no sense. Typical cuckservative.
Maybe if you have a closed mind and are not aware what is going on around you! Open your eyes and see the light! Ciao!
@StormyDaniels and @MichaelAvenatti should release the sex tape in November
Haha the non existing tape?
For those who can’t be bothered to click and read: “Cohen's attorney had requested the delay on the grounds that Cohen would not be able to provide information in the lawsuit without infringing on his Fifth Amendment rights. The judge agreed“
But what would change with that 90 days from now?
A possible indictment?
An indictment for what?
CNN is this all you have to report today ? Pathetic !
Yeah this is their only tweet today. Crazy huh?
The time is 12.56am in her hometown Moscow, so technically she’s (almost) right
No impeachable offense against President Trump..No collusion! nothing!
You want to talk about conspiracy Crooked Hillary selling uranium to the Russians for campaign money for supposedly Clinton foundation there's your collusion but typical liberals look the other way.
That had been debunked multiple multiple times you poor pathetic dotted
Well now what will I binge watch? #favoriteshow #netflixitis
ZZZZzzzZZZzzz
Why would the judge choose to obstruct justice?
Its a baseless defamation case its gonna be hard to prove they defamed a porn star
Why????  Do not understand the purpose of this?
Just means it will unfold closer to the midterm elections.
Yaaassss
Why?
#IMAMMAHDİ 
might be, and Stormy is an angel?  ir was Bill Clinton one? ..
Bill is also a perv. And as far as I’m aware Stormy wasn’t cheating on anyone, so Trump is definitely the more scummy one here.
well ,cheating doesnt make one a perv, it makes one an asshole, Stormy is the pervy one tbh .. has sex publicly ,she has a dau .. that prolly knows that or will , seen that or will see it sooner or later accedently or not ...
