Arrested alive...sounds about white
No... sounds like he was arrested in Maine. #goodhonestcops

The white guys keep killing cops and the cops keep shooting black guys in fear.  If I were a cop, I’d be more afraid of white guys.
Oh yeah.. he looks totally normal. 

All criminals are thugs and undesirables no matter the color.
He must be a troubled young man :v

Incoming the oh so original "if he was black" comments in 3...2...
I'll play. If he were black, #bluelivesmatter would have actually trended.
But did he get his chic fil a? Cuz maybe he was hungry.

Oh wait he killed a cop not a prayer group.
I think you meant Burger King and that guy was treated no different than anyone else arrested at that small jail that doesn't have food service. And they didn't take him through the drive through, they brought it to him in jail, like *any*other*prisoner*
Another white guy having a bad day.  So white guys kill the cops and the cops kill brown folks ....hmmmm
Yet an unarmed black man is life threatening??
Meth face....
Lay off the meth
and he’s from where ? What country will get the blame this time ?
So, once again, a white male who murdered 4 people and was likely armed was taken into custody by police unharmed but unarmed black men are routinely gunned down by cops because living while black is more of a threat than white mass murderer. Ok then 
That is a morbid fantasy you have.
I think you are racist
Only memes
The comments in this thread prove that the media has created the worst racial rift in America since before the civil rights movement.Remember everyone, they choose what makes the news.Thousands of stories you don’t know about.Let’s not buy in, but love each other as individuals.

Not surprising he was not murdered, instead arrested. We all know how this episode would have ended for a blk or Hispanic.
Hey is that another white guy?
If he were black... *you know the rest
Why didn’t they shoot on site?
That’s @bronk wearing Bobo’s toupee!  @sternshow @shalomshuli
He is white, so he is captured without incident.
Whites kill police officers, they retaliate and KILL BLACKS
White cop killer, taken alive. Guess they didn’t fear for their lives!!
Oooh, so he LIVES.... AND where are all the rightwingers & Trump supporters concerning #BlueLivesMatter or is it only when a BLACK man kills a cop because of police brutality....
Looks healthy and sane
He was against the trans Pacific partnership.
Looks white and alive.
Good!!!
Damn I thought Ramsey Bolton died
Where was he radicalized?
Dude needs some proactive
those are cuts from scratching his face because of meth use, not acne
Man meth don't make you do that. I do meth all the time and I never do that scratching when I'm really high on meth all the time
It's Meth Gambit!
He is still alive. #WhitePrivilege
Glad the community is safe againbless the late officers family 
And he's not dead because he's white, I know I Know
I bet you fox won't post this, it's not in their agenda playbook, but if he was black, they would retweet 666 times.
Yep. Sounds about white. Arrested and not murdered. White Privilege.
So he kills a cop but didn’t get shot during the arrest cause why, he didn’t seem threatening... a COP killer...
The racial comments on here are very telling 
I’m glad they captured him!
Just think...the police are FEARFUL of blacks, but FEAR for lives when dealing with whites. OK!
#ChickenRoost
Uh-oh @CNN... why are you posting this #FairAndBalancedNews that will upset #MAGAtards?  You didn't get the memo that you're ONLY supposed to report police shootings committed by People of Color? Your ruining the justification for police brutality. #ShameOnYou 
Notice he is a white, male like the 99% of the rest of these cases.
Arrested? Oh they still do that now?
TRUMP says he is Latino....all Criminals are Hispanics
Yeah that guy looks pretty cool....
Did they take him to Burger King?
Looks like another extreme vetting failure.
Pretty sure he is not black, brown, an immigrant, or a Muslim. Hmm, so Dana Loesch, what is your defense for this piece of white trash who killed a law enforcement officer?
Hey, that’s my old head shot!
Did he steal someone’s toupé?
Handsome
How was he arrested? Was he thrown to the ground, stepped on, punched choked? There are a few black men who were killed by Police for standing on the corner, selling DVD'S..
Werewolf
@bronk @sternshow @shalomshuli 

I thought that was Benjy at first....
if we only build a wall, this wouldn’t happen...oh wait, never mind.
If he were black he would have been shot dead
How Nice...Arrestted Peacefully...and Killed a Cop....No need to Pull the Race Card..here...its always the excuse of his Skin made him A more Human to Apprehend..im Done....SMH.
Was he raised by wolves?
Really?
Leave him alone, he doesn’t look the type who kills ppl. Yer, pull the other one!
Continues to amaze me that black kids with cell phones are gunned down, while white masss shooters and cop killers are taken into custody unharmed.
how is it these cop killers get arrested. But someone in his back yard on the phone gets put down. Officers need better training on who to shoot. Now tax payers have to foot the bill
A white dude again! #WhiteSupremacist ?
I think as a country we should use our hard earned money to basically care for him for the rest of his life

sounds fair
Brought in alive. Qwhite amazing.
Looks like he howls at moons.
That’s not a very Christian thing to say?
He didn’t do a very Christian thing.. thou shall not kill.
P.s. that’s a commandment.
I don’t care what skin color this guy is or what the ( cops kill black people crowd ) have to say. this guys has been caught. Give it a break people! This POS murdered a Police Officer who was only there to protect us!
Good.god,,, he looks like an unwashed meth head. Fry this guy!
MORE THAN LIKED ABUSED BY OTHERS..AND RADICAL BY EVIL   ..THERE IS THE FORMATION OF A  MONSTER OF BIG CONSEQUENCES .WE NEED TO BE AWARE ....VERY AWARE...GOD HAVE MERCY ON US....
"He's white and not a Muslim,he's no use to me". - @realDonaldTrump
Maine Man?
@lildickytweets ???

Scary lookin

God bless our public law enforcement
Why would #JakeGyllenhaal kill a cop?
Killer must die
Clown
Obama would pardon and invite him to the white house
With an illegal gun ?,
The more police killed, the more the devil laughs. There are many ways for people to make money and have fun on the Earth. Dying as police, killing as police, killing police are not requirements and never listed as the cool things to do.
Thanks CNN and the other fake media networks for fueling the current anti cop hatred. Must be hard to report the news with blood on your hands.
I like CNN. It's just Fauxnews & Blobart I can't stomach; too many wingnut enablers
We really need to help these young men. They are realizing that they're just ...people; no better or nor worse than any other (man)  regardless of their skin color or  economics status. Wow, Trump's MAGA message  is shaming them to the core.
A black would have been shit at sight....pityful US justice where the worst criminals are leur to live

Prison and aaazz fuging for this meth head cop killer.may he be tortured in prison .
The reason he was captured alive !Maybe he obeyed the orders of the police! Maybe he didn’t have a gun! Maybe he didn’t resist arrest! Maybe he didn’t run! These factors all contribute to the narrative.

but if you're black near a parking lot... you get shot
I don't see a picture of a man. I see a picture of a cowardly pos that doesn't deserve to breath the same air we do. DEATH PENALTY
He looks like Pewdiepie.
The liberal mentality the hatred for authority. The Saul Alinsky resist destroys civil Authority. Car law enforcement in danger are very Republic. When you vote for a Democrat you vote for the end of our Republic. You are a fool if you can't see this.
Oh look... another white, male, domestic terrorist who feels like he isn’t getting his due.
DRUGS. Just one word, "Drugs" is my guess. And he had to "protect" himself ? Right?
Meth kills....... literally.
Creepy McCreeper.
Lucky bastard, he only got arrested in one piece? Oh how I wish....
Democrat judge will release him
Looks like he's on Meth...
He will also pay for killing that squirrel he put on his head
We found Shaggy.  Where’s Skooby Doo?
Nice haircut
NOT BLACK======= FOTO !!!!!!BLACK ????????NO FOTO    Goebbels CNN
Another young, white male - imagine that.
Facebook, Instagram, Twitter etc  should use their extreme reach with social meadow and release the photo of a wanted suspect once a day.
Should get death penalty for Killing a Blue Blood  All who kill police officers should. Unless not their fault.
The police should've shot him on the spot.
@DonutOperator
He did nothing wrong

Cop killer ARRESTED?   must be a white guy
Cop killer.  White.  Alive
Why doesn't Maine have the death penalty too bad
What kind of drugs was this fool on?
I love CNN news
Let him go
@jonwurster #oldheadshotsday
I think you meant "white" man
C.R.A.N.K.
#AliunWaliullah
