This SUCKS! @TMobile is so easy & friendly! Sprint will f this up in no time.
are they merging?
Yes.  I love T-Mobile, I have never been so happy with a carrier. The rest of them all suck.
we are about to dump the big V
At least Verizon is nice to their customers! AT&T treats their customers like a nuisance.
No. No they aren’t. Verizon customer service sucks. One step behind Comcast.
Well, up until today I would recommend T-Mobile, but now.... I guess we'll see.
T-Mobile will be in control and it will still be called T-Mobile. @JohnLegere will be CEO still too. Sprint has a ton of spectrum they don't use and it will help T-Mobile out a LOT for 5G and creating home internet service to go after Comcast and AT&T! This is GOOD!
Now for double the suckage in one service!
Not exactly, a T-Mobile/Sprint merger would make them a a huge threat to the dominate and evil Verizon.
Isn't that kind of think supposed to be blocked to prevent monopoly? Aren't those the two largest carriers in the US?
No, they’re two of the smallest nationwide carriers. Combined, they’ll still be smaller than ATT or Verizon
AT&T is better 
Yep and Verizon is best!
Thats why they have incredibly ridiculous overage fees! Yay, go exorbitant fees!
. You get what you pay for. I've never had a drop call except for a Walmart in Jonesboro, Georgia so....
Continue paying for anti-consumer practices so that you dont have to drop any precious calls, Im sure that will work out in the long run.
What this means for you!
#BREAKING NEWS: The new combined T-Mobile/Sprint merger deal will have more than 150MHz of spectrum in almost every major market in the US, making it a powerful new player. More spectrum = faster data speeds. 
More reasons to charge customers more money......
Wow America’s two worst cell phone companies merge to become one super huge crappy provider. Incredible
Glad I’m on Verizon

This just means higher prices and less competition. Great for shareholders, bad for customers. In Europe where there are dozens of providers, prices are ridiculously low. You can get 3GB of data for about 13 euros a month.
corection ***"In Germany where th..."
You're right. I was talking about Germany but the rates overall are still lower than the US. You really can't get a cellular plan for less than $50+ here as of now 41.22€. Pay TV is also cheaper than the U.S. Even Sky and Canal+ won't charge people anywhere close to $200.
Oh wow more internet tethering and slow a** service combined. Way to go! It's like a internet/phone dictatorship. Probably all companies will merge one day and we will have no true options -reminds me of our government... It's all an illusion of choice.
From worse to worser!
Worser lol Definitely a Verizon user.
Hopefully my spotty T-Mobile service improves.
With our powers combined....we still don’t match @verizon 
Hmmm... lower prices?? That would be cool!
@sprint
Why wouldn't this violate anti trust the way it did with AT&T?
Stupid monopolies. The consolidation of powers is getting ridiculous.
Sprint customers wil finally be able to use their phones for internet
Dude, Sprint is PERFECT in Los Angeles. Never had a problem with them in my life. I'm scared by this merge. My T-Mobile friends are always complaining. I guess it depends on the location.
Terrible in Texas
See? That's why I'm scared of this! What end will we get, you know?
Oh goodie. Now we can have one huge crappy cell phone provider instead of two crappy providers
T-Mobile is actually good though.
I disagree. I broke my contract with them because we got such crappy service. My son couldn't even get a signal at the University of Pittsburgh. That's not exactly out in the sticks lol
Don't know what plan you had then. For me it works great.
Will two sucky signals make a suckier or a better signal? That’s the question... 
As long as someone takes down Verizon, I really don’t care.
Bye Verizon?
Merging means less competition equals higher prices
I hate t mobile. Verizon here I come!

Government probably won't allow it to go through....
Yep but service will still probably suck
As long as the big corporations are okay that means the rest of us will be too! If that's not the biggest lie that's ever been sold in the history of this fucking country. #TMobile #Sprint
Here we go, thank you fcc
@sprint I hope my bill doesn’t go up 
Don't worry! Until the deal closes, which is expected in the first half of 2019, we’ll remain two separate companies. After the close, we’ll inform customers of any changes, and expect to deliver a faster more reliable network, at lower prices, and with better value.
Does the ‘T’ in @TMobile stand for ‘towers’? Because @Sprint needs those.
The government should step in and stop this.
Hope prices come down
Forced by the Federal Government because the collapse of Sprint will collapse the financial markets.  You can't bankrupt that much debt and still have banks standing.  This is a horrible forced deal for TMobile.
Soooo what happens if I owe sprint money and I'm with T-Mobile 
Oh good. So we can all be ripped off from one convenient location.
Ugh. Monopoly rates going up.
Good...give Verizon a run for their money after the fiasco they put me through after 10+ years of being a customer! Verizon suckssss!
That hurts to hear. Your more than ten years of loyalty mean the world to us and we always want to make sure you get the support you need. What happened? How can we help? ^AMT
T-Sprint 
Why did we bother going through the farce of divestiture?
Maybe now those who have either as a provider will have decent service now 
Holy shit!!! That affects ME!!
am I just numb to dollar amounts but $26 billion seems really, really low
Still want be any good.
So glad we've been with Consumer Cellular for 7 yrs 3 line's, unlimited 75.00 month after taxes. And awesome customer service. Good luck to you all with Sprint and T-Mobile
There goes more jobs
None of them are worthy... poor signal n worst customer service...
So We're down to Verison, AT*&T, and Sprin T Mobile.
What will that do for jobs and customer service? God help us with these oligarchies 
Bad service X2
@POTUS 
Global agreents on products and services. 
@FoxRothschild
My T-Mobile coverage has been crap, was getting ready to switch to sprint. 
 Hopefully we get better coverage now.  Talked to a T-Mobile rep just days ago and asked if they were merging with Sprint and they said no.  interesting
Finally something not negative about @realDonaldTrump #maga .... but l love my @VZWSupport
And I live paycheck to paycheck
T mobile doesn't own any towers...
This will only end in disaster.
oh crap
The biggest  myth about  capitalism is that it's about  competition in the marketplace   horseshit
now divide my bill in two
T-Sprint, Mobile Sprint, T-Sprint Mobile?
Good guesses, but nope. The combined firm will be T-Mobile, just T-Mobile. (yawn)
So instead of two companies offering shitty service at exorbitant prices, there will be only only company offering shittier service and even shittier prices.

Makes you think if they put money spent on marketing into their service, then and only then is the chance for improvement
MONOPOLY
So how does this work? These two merge, and less competition results in lower prices? For all of you excited about this, I have some land with water features for sale you will like.
5g kills people
So if your carrier is Sprint atm. Will your phone still say Sprint? And Vice Versa with T-Mobile.
My Carrier is @ATT but I’m just curious
Expect your bill to go up. They didnt merge for the benefit of their customers
I use @BoostMobile (owned by @Sprint). $30 flat (included tax, fees EVERYTHING), for unlimited EVERYTHING! I hope this pre-paid plan doesn’t change because it is awesome!
Maybe my phone bill will go down, w/ Spint for many years,  been wanting to switch ??
Woah

Okay... Now seeing the comments this is just like a console war. Like y'all need to chill.
Seeing that @AjitPaiFCC screwed America I'm betting the @FCC will approve this to further kick consumers when they're down
didn't they already block this a few years ago?
Sprint Sundays comin to you soon
vodafone will win the race
Why settle for perpetually battling it out for 3rd and 4th when we can join forces and be a solid 3rd forever?
Mergers undermine true competition in the free market.
A Merge to screw people over, God help us all!
Whaaaaaaaaaaat
Oh my!?!

Healthy system, just in time for the net neutrality repeal to take effect.
The FCC should deny this merger.
they weren't already owned by the same giant ass corporation already? wow that's news to me!
Everyday the world gets closer and closer to living a real world version of Monopoly
CARRY ON GLOBALISTS. WHEN WILL IT BE 3 PEOPLE IN THE WORLD JUST OWN EVERYTHING AND THE GLOBALIST AGENDA TO ROBOT ALL PEOPLES OF THIS WORLD KNEELING AT YOUR FEET BEGGING FOR CRUMBS.
maybe radio shack will come back to their stores.
Noooooooooooooooo!
T- Mobile's parent Deutsche Telekom may get a stake of 40 percent in the combined career.
So cheaper and better service?? 
Doubt it, just means T mobile will finally switch to cdma and stop using gsm towers.
The rest of the world is on gsm.. What do you mean finally switch?
Earn $400+up /mo just by driving where you already drive! Passive income at its easiest!
ugh. integrating the METROPCS network with existing Tmobil Infrastructure after that merger  was a gigantic PITA, not looking forward to this. Sprints sites are a MESS and their E// NOCC barely speaks english, very hard to communicate with. #ALLSET
Smdh WHY
T- Mobile and Sprint deal will be just north of $26 billion ,and John Legere will be new Chief.
T-Sprint
Oh dear 

#iwannabemichellewolfwhenigrowup
T-SPRINT? #tsprint
Sprint still with Nextel?  Is Nextel still in business?
Gotta take on Verizon and ATT. I trust @JohnLegere to do it.
#الامام_علي_  #أمير_المؤمنين 
