Shows how Stupid Dumocrats are.
Cuz the good Doctor has Great Connections to Drug Companies with Benefits.
Having worked in heathcare, this is a cause for termination. The dangers inherit in this type of behavior cannot be dismissed or overlooked. Not to mention how addictive some of these meds can be.
The Obama's should know, he was their doctor for several years.  Makes you wonder why they've been silent.
I’m not a Dr but I believe that is illegal
What would you say to finding in one hospital who used dirty equipment, left babies unattended, weren't treating a decubitus ulcer for 9 days , unlocked medicine cabinets . It happens all the time . Some require firing . Some require investigation and training .

Remember you take one of his, he takes one of yours, and your guys are very dirty, and easy to take down, if this is a game, do you think your winning? Is Jake going to be Okay? herd he might be in a bit of trouble, Ah it's probably nothing Sleep well Red/White +G+
What America sees:  if Democrats can't find anything on you, they make stuff up.
Where have the Obama's been hiding??  This was their doctor for years...are they covering up for him?  Or just letting him go down slowly, taking one for the Democrat Party???  Democrat Party.... party of lies, lies, and liars.
Your Treatment of this honorable man has been despicable CNN.. You ought to be sued for defamation.. You have no facts, and ARE FAKE NEWS....
Please give Michael Jackson’s doctor a job at the White House?
Isn't that that the bestest, finest, greatest do? All that counts are his amazing diagnostic skills like saying @realDonaldTrump could live to be 200.
Why didn't the Obama's bring all these things forward...this man was their doctor for years?  Are they protecting Dr. Ronny?  Ask them why they have been silent? Not a word from them...is this a cover up of corruption?
This makes me happy to see.
All purchase by us 
Not necessarily .
If this is true, then the staffers would be protected by the whistle blower act.  Instead of having the story printed, they should file a report with the FBI instead of having you post it as unverified (as usual).  Just because "I" say it is, does not make it true.  GYST!!
The Obama staff didn't seem to care
Well, I think it's more like this: You have a co-worker, he's a good worker but doesn't handle every situation the best and may do some shady things from time to time, and you're ok with that UNTIL THEY DECIDE TO GIVE HIM A PROMOTION OR MAKE HIM YOUR SUPERVISOR.
Nice deflection
Not a deflection, it's human nature. However, if the claims are true, you will agree Dr. Jackson should not be overseeing the VA. More importantly, if Trump thinks Obama did such a bad job, why is he recirculating Obama employees without RE-VETTING THEM?!
Said thing if true

CNN reported this week that Dr. Ronny Jackson got drunk overseas, loudly banged on colleague's door & was stopped by Secret Service. Today Secret Service says it "has no such record of any incident; specifically, any incident involving Rear Admiral Ronny Jackson." Unbelievable.
Figures......
Another best people lol
Fire the minister for preaching gospel of JC, let the drug dealer off.
#silenceisacquiesence #DRUGS #WWJD
Ok cnn he reneged himself!! Move on now! We don’t care anymore
So where were all these staffers during the last administration?
medical staff all know he was never accused of any thing by any one in 17 years.The media and democrats broke the law by lying and attacking him.Character assassinations on a man with no evidence is against the law.Ex presidents all wrote great reviews on him
Unnamed sources????
More. A physician doesn't always have to examine a patient , doctor doesn't have to right a scrip if he dispensing meds as long as it is in medical record .
Obama praised him.. So huge hypocrites at play here... the pill party was OK for the Dems.. Trump picks..Dems ruin the guy.. So fair.......
But, wait!!! He Only Hires The Best People...oh, donald, Say It Isn't So!!! When they told donald he should VET this guy, he sent him to a VETerinarian...trump is the dumbest president in American history...
RtBREAKING: House Intel Committee clears Trump campaign of any Trump Russia collusion.

Russia Trump collusion story is now more than dead. Idon't know how many times we're going to hear nothing was found yet Democrats want to continue their fairy tail fabricated narrative alive.
Give me a break. Just can't stand it he won and you were so wrong.
Ambien assistance on long overseas flights has been common practice for dozens of years for professionals that need to be "on" despite being several time zones removed from their normal sleep pattern. Yes, 45 is awful. No, this "problem" is not new. A little research goes far.
Leave him alone #Fake news
His all soon demise is gifts keep on giving to PEE-NN news.
@cnnbrk After he has time to think about it, Jackson may decide he's better off, not having taken the position.
You are #FakeNews
So trump is doing unprescribed drugs in the White House
Who loves  feyntanol or "walnut pizza" as the cool kids call it these days
Rsrrerserzrsztz – at Kroger
This is written with a slant of severe doubt, and those reporting are quoted as not knowing facts. I think this is shoddy reporting, on a Friday, when trump is usually on his worst tangent
I am BSN nurse. If I was asked to asked to hand out a medication without a prescription; first I would not do it. Second I would quit.

One takeaway from @BretBaier interview: Given its importance in Trump-Russia probe and his own relationship with the president, James Comey's ignorance of some basic facts about the dossier is stunning. http://ow.ly/G6QF30jI1tn 
It’s Sad to see how the President is looking out for this Country Like No Other, and there’s So Many Idiotic People, but Not Most that based on Media and Not Facts. If they Hear the President is Disrespectful they Follow. I call that being Stupid. You Should also see the good.
The Dirty Dems and their politics of personal destruction.
BUT HER EMAILS
To WHO?

This opens the door to drug test Congress.  

DRUG TEST CONGRESS! WE NOW KNOW THEY ARE ILLEGALLY USING PILLS
Sound like Ronny’s career is in jeopardy over this.
Seriously CNN is the worst news source in the world.   All you want is drama drama drama. Because it sells.  North Korea was brought to the table. Unprecedented.   And you still want to talk about trumps Dr. ????
Why not, it is all news! They can’t just talk about one issue! Duh!
Meanwhile. In REAL news. Donald Trump is kicking ass with North and South Korea.
Trump? Where is he? How is he involved? He’s sitting on his a&& and tweeting about the work other’s are doing? You’re delusional. Please seek help before you harm yourself or someone else. 

I can see now how Koreshes and Mansons are possible.
As I said before CROOKED HILARY HUH!!!, LOL SMDH
Name names or its just another Forked Tongue BS Lie
He was President Obama’s Doctor also, so now all this happened in just over a year, give it a rest, I’m sure you will find someone else’s life to destroy.I would imagine there would be no problem if the right senators got paid off. Trump will not pay a ransom.
Trump likes this guy, I am sure he benefits from a crooked doctor! “ just say I am very healthy, wink, wink”
I heard some say this is not uncommon practice when traveling overseas
Goodbye, license to practice medicine
Wrong you need people to come forward with credible claims . We will wait .. Ps if it is true the ones who kept silent for yrs are also in trouble .
Confessions from Obama being a cocaine dealer photos of Obama smoking crack and then we have the Larry Sinclair versus Obama scandal but yet you shot for brains democrats elect him P.O.T.U.S.
Umph umph umph
How do you know it's true ? Considering non of the side shows came forward and signed an affidavit .

And this is why none of this came up earlier.  He was a dealer.
It is difficult to make this accusation, I work with doctors and bringing them down is not easy! No matter the crime!! Trust me!
Maybe it's TIME old Ronnie Jackson spent a little time behind bars!!!!
If true, was it reported to licensing authorities or DEA to investigate?
It takes months even years to bring a crooked doctor down!
Dam he most have been the go to doctor
Well, I think it's more like this: You have a co-worker, he's a good worker but doesn't handle every situation the best and may do some shady things from time to time, and you're ok with that UNTIL THEY DECIDE TO GIVE HIM A PROMOTION OR MAKE HIM YOUR SUPERVISOR.
Unsubstantiated allegations
I think the same thing is happening over at FAKE NEWS CNN, Only from the looks of this moron i think its street drugs, the real good ones
@ @tedlieu @adam dr Ronny shoul be bought before congress and Quentin on the validity of his medical report on trump
Anonymous because they don’t exist
Trump destroyed this mans career by throwing him out there as a va pick! It's another embarrassment
Yes he did
I call B.S.!!!! stop smearing a great man
Trump or the doc.? Both should be smeared
Lies
Hello!?! Opioid crisis!!! How can this possibly be excused?
Doctors love giving out drugs and in many hospitals they are encouraged
all doctors and nurses do that .......thats WHY THEY DOCTORS
I think China had a lot to do with this. And the fact sanctions worked.
Pathetic evidently another person attacked......guess you can't make everyone happy
With the opiate crisis going on..how pathetic that the pill pushers really do start at the 'top'..smh
Now this is way too demonic, when this admiral served under Obama, you never saw his shortcomings. Shut up!
Obama didn't appoint him to head up an agency where he had to be vetted.  We can thank Trump for ruining this man's career
Dr Ronny has to go.
He not your doctor . Second not one of these whistleblowers never reported it to proper personnel cause they would be able to validate and the accusers would have to sign affidavit .
