Great my shitty Obamacare which I pay 6 grand a year for in premiums will go up to support more freeloaders. Lets help our poor and middle class. And why the hell isnt Mexico taking them in ?
Why didn’t Mexico stop them? Because they knew we would and look like the bad guys.
Shut the BORDER Down. Do not let the DOGS IN.
Mexico don't want to even provide tents and food to these people..goes to show you that they grossly patronize the USA and want uncle Sam to feed them and house them..provide them with everything..
Please be kind, my fellow Americans.
SEND THEM BACK
Feel big now?
Not until they’re denied entrance. My tax dollars are not to be used for this shit. There are millions of Americans who need help. Mothers in Chicago who are suffering. What are we doing for them.  Nothing.
You aren't a serious person.  Have a nice day.
God bless America and OUR president Donald j trump.  Can’t wait to vote for tump again. And save this country from people like you
Why would you feel the need to save the country from me?
Because you’d rather take care of non Americans when there are millions of amazing Americans who need our help desperately. It’s sickening and shameful. And FYI this isn’t about race as I’m sure that will be your next democrat talking point. I’d want them shipped back if white
Disgusting! What do you think will happen to Western civilization when 3rd world & tribal worlds “migrate” at will & don’t assimilate?????  When you’re poor & without education and you continue to breed, where do you think life will take you?!?
Look what the DEMOCRATS are creating. We can't afford this anymore. Democrats Fighting immigration is hurting our country. I'm voting Republican.
This is great.  When the Americans go to vote they will remember these violent anti America illegal immigrants who are trying to break our laws and supported by the democrats. The media and dems have no idea of the pulse of real Americans.
I anyone tries to invade our country.....  what should happen?
I wish I could put all my poor relatives in the Philippines on a plane and fly them thier to the border to seek asylum from poverty like these unfortunate people
Fleeing gang violence is NOT an asylum issue.
It should be
No it shouldnt be other countries should be governing and protecting their own.
Yea but when the gangs have more power then the government what then just let them die?
So we take them out of gang infested neighborhoods in honduras and place them in gang infested neighborhoods in the US, truely righteous of you.
Atleast we would be trying to help instead of just ignoreing those in need.
So how does bring people here correct the situation from hence they come? Your plan is equivelant to smoke a joint to ease the pain of your cancer. The cause of the pain isnt fixed you just make the patient comfortable.
After 40m ppl over the Las 20 years.... a period of assimilation?
STOP REFERRING ILLEGAL ALIENS AS IMMIGRANTS. STOP ATTACKING THE PRESIDENT, AMERICA KNOWS THAT YOU'RE LYING!!!!
The Honduran and El Salvador governments need to get a hold of their countries and do something with the gang violence and protect their citizens.
It is not only the violence, it is also the astounding poverty, and the sad part is that most of the money donated to these countries end up in the bank accounts of corrupt politicians, just like JOH in Honduras, supported by the US.
Poverty is also not a qualification for asylum.
Just like the USA wasn't literally made of inmigrants, and the part where the US embassy put all sort of barriers for decent and working people to inmigrate legally is just that,
Cough.
Guess they weren't really looking to hard.

this photo looks like a line of children headed for school.  please tell me it isn't so.
Trump supporters who claim they are children of god
And! Aren't everyone of you think faith based ideology whether they're bad or good. Who are we to judge them or are you implying your better than them.
CNN and the Democrats are all salivating about the potential of new needie that will rely on the government and assured of voting for socialists.
TELL THESE PEOPLE THAT AMERICA IS NOT A MAGIC KINGDOM! AMERICA IS AN EXPENSIVE COUNTRY! NOT ALL RICH DREAMS COME TRUE HERE.ODDS ARE AGAINST THESE PEOPLE. MEDICAL EXPENSES ARE OUT OF THEIR REACH. THEY COME HERE AFTER HEARING FAIRY STORIES! TELL THEM THE TRUTH!
The US does not have to take care of the responsibilities of this central and South American countries. The education and health system is overloaded and all at the expenses of we the taxpayers!!!
That looks like a batch of "Bad Hombe's". Trump, McConnell, and Ryan are quivering in their patent leather shoes. Time to send out a rotten tweet and then a round of golf.
Go back
Send them back.
I hope the country (USA) i live can help these people. no one here making a negative or possitive commemt would want to walk a mile in their shoes. unless you actually have.
Maybe Mexico should have our American troops in Mexico by the Mexican borders that border South America & Mexico instead of the U.S. Mexican border. Especially, since no one in Mexico are watching their own borders. Maybe this can end all the problems.
Send them home...We have enough of them now.
Why are you just showing women and children
I thought Mexico STOPPED them. Guess THAT was a lie.... surprise, surprise
Just turn them around and march em all back to where ever they came from. We have NO RESPONSIBILITY to take in a caravan of "immigrants" just because THEY decide they want to break our laws and come here. How did they get into Mexico anyway??
Democrat registration drive!
Amazing how racist you all are. Syrian Christians aren’t wanted here but Latinos are!  Seems kind of 2 faced to me.
This is not a caravan (sounds so nice), this is an 'invasion!' Why not just stay in Mexico? Folks in other parts of the U.S. & Canada pay big money to visit Mexico every year!
Give them directions to Mar Lago. I'm sure the Trumps will welcome them for a visit with their fine Christian values. Or maybe Pence and Mother will show compassion to those less fortunate. Yeah right.



Why is that these so called asylum seekers are waving the flags of their country, that is something invaders do
Well fed, well clothed, electronic devices, jewellery... Persecuted, is this a joke?
Lawbreaking behavior as media event?
Lock them up. That´s what a state of law would do.
Welcome To America! I wish I was there to give each of you a hug  ! 
Trump does not speak for me. He only speaks in racist codes about people of color who are migrants. Point being, does he ever speak of Russian or white migrants? No. 
Welcome USA 
STOP these people! Send them back!
Illegal immigrants:
The new slaves of the white elitists
And should be instantly arrested and sent back.
How this get like this ? Why now? I know America  has had its hand in their affairs for various reason. Now it time to pay the piper. Who will pay the dividends. At the University a youg person of Hispanic origin told me they were coming in groves so get ready.Whose to blame ?
#reality
Sure...because you're all above the law.
Send them back
Invaders waving the flag of the Country they are supposedly ‘fleeing’ from.
Please stop them. Put our citizens first for once.
So a wall is supposed to keep them out? Did you see the newscast? They were sitting on top of the wall!
Do not allow them in we need to take care of our VETS & HOMELESS 1st 
Republicans look at these kids and are terrified.
It's an invading army of foreigners not a "migrant caravan"
That is only breaking news for CNN. Everyone knows about it already. The only real news they have covered and they are a day late and a dollar short. Pitiful.
So I didn’t renew my passport. So instead of renewing it I should just get a caravan migrants next time I want to take a trip to the Bahamas
I hope they won't be dismissed out of hand and told to go back from where they came. I hope they'll be allowed to apply for asylum.
Key word is APPLY. And until acceptance, no entry. No acceptance equals deportation.
Good, more targets !!
Why Mexico doesn’t offer them Refugee camp?
Fleeing gangsters is at least a real thing. Don't hear me complaining about the hundreds of fake refugees fleeing into Canada and they get free everything from Dental to lodging even money. Donald Trump isn't even a threat to them that's fake refugees for you.
Send them all back.
We are a country of laws. If we let them all in, we might as well leave the border open. Access denied! We have our own problems. Sorry.
I agree, trump is a major problem. he needs to go.
So they travelled for a month but couldn’t find anywhere else to give them free shit along the way?
And we should not be expecting them to be allowed to enter U.S. they are un documented
are you fucking kidding me, you need asylum? you got it, you left Honduras and you're in Mexico, so make a life there, why do they need to come here?
where is the Mexican government ??? thought they didn't allow illegal immigrants in their country, starting to think Mexico is not an ally after all , if they are going to encourage illegals entering USA.
I don’t care if they traveled for a year nobody is allowed into this country just like every other country
Is it true that the same people who paid the russians for fake dossier info are the same ones who funded this caravan? Jones,, who was a aide to dianne feinstein has testified that soros and 7 to 10 wealthy libs from NY and Ca funded the fake info from the russians.
That a laptop?
And turn every last one away at the border, none should be allowed into our country.
We need better border walls
Imagine The torchuous,the sacrifice,the Danger,the uncertainty,the anxiety!These immigrant suffer from extreme depravement imposing the threat of Death on their very heels!Now imagine these Imigrants...Irish!
This happens everyday. Why are they so focused on this caravan? Trump people probably planning something for his supporters.
Welcome! Ignore the ignorant hateful rhetoric from the oval office. We have always been the land of opportunity. The melting pot.
You’re the ignorant one. Let them do it right. If ignorance is bliss you must be ecstatic.
For all those seeking a better life the USA is not currently the place to be. However my home is open to any in need. DT forgets this country is a made up of people from all across the world. If only open to US born then he needs to send his wife back
D T understand tha crybabies like you are turning laws into sanctuary cities. And havens for criminals. But you wouldn’t understand that because MI just wants more taxpayers and demoncraps.
Plenty of room but this country is 20 trillion in debt with wages collapsing we have over 550,000 homeless Americans that we can't take care of and millions of working poor . Get real we can not be a dumping ground for billions of people unwanted in their countries
Don t let them through
OMG!  They’re women, children, and brown.  They are here to create crimes, rapes, and murders.  @realDonaldTrump you are a racist.
Why wouldn't we have put razor wire at the top of the fence?
Yep, and treasonous CNN played a large part.
How?
Mexico had the caravan stopped until American journalist went down and encouraged them continue and coached them on what to say. At least that was the excuse Mexico gave.
Hey @mschlapp - what good is it having you blather on @FoxNews as a "#Conservative" and you dont point out that this caravan is violating international law because they are required to request asylum in the FIRST nation they enter! Thanks for NOTHING! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

How many people who support them, would be willing to move to their countries? In order to improve them and make it so no one has to leave them. I bet it wouldn't be very many.
And US citizens are happy for them coming

This is great
Sums it all up!
isn't another story an indictment on Mexico  by people going THROUGH your country to get HERE? and that's despite all the handwringing over Trump.  If I were Mexico I would sorta be embarrassed a large majority isn't staying.  Or am missing other motives at play? 
SHIP THEM BACK!!!!
When will Israel be like U.S
 Stop killing innocent people demonstrating. While Mexicans go over walls peacefully. Welcomed in U.S. Israel used deadly force to kill kids and Journalists.
DENIED!
Too bad nobody worries as much about the hundreds slaughtered in Chicago, or about the thousands of homeless lining our streets, or the kids who are hungry in our schools. Our FN media is more concerned with citizens from other countries.
If you're doing something to help your people (Chicagoins, homeless, hungry), please share.
I pass out bag lunches to the homeless and work with a group providing meals for abused women and children. I have taken in children working with the Safe Families organization and have worked with people who have contracted aids. I serve where I can.

Go home. No soliciting.
the US government undertook regime change actions mainly in Latin America At the onset of the 20th century the United States shaped or installed friendly governments in many countries including Panama, Honduras, Nicaragua, Mexico, Haiti, and the Dominican Republic. Karma is a B.
Put them in ocean & let drift away....far away!!
What an awful thing to say!
Showdown....the needy..vs...the immigration TYRANT.....?
No, our laws against morons like you who don’t want laws to be enforced.
We need these people. They are the backbone of American Farming.
Order fathers and mothers not paying support & those on government checks including the children in highschool to learn to work
Under 1951 UN qualifications of asylum, you will not find "fleeing gang violence". None of these people qualify under the definition and those who have used these people for political fodder should be prosecuted for human trafficking and other crimes against humanity.
Under Trump, no one qualifies even from war zone.
Care to add facts to that opinion?
How strange these people do not look like "rapist, murders, drug dealers"
What do "rapist" "murders" "drug dealers" look like?!? 
Send them to California and keep them there .
Send them to Gov Brown’s house
They have better buses than our students use for field trips.
Vezi Tweetul lui @ACTBrigitte:
To all the people on the migrant caravan approaching the border:

You do not get to make the rules for a country of 300+ Million people.…
Realistically, what happens to these people?
Trump clearly does not understand difference of asylum, refugee vs immigrant. The fact those who claim to be Christian wish US to turn back on those in desperate need, heartbreaking. Also demonstrates those people we thought we knew, aren’t. One cannot be corrupted w/o consent...
Desperate need? You're making a lot of assumptions. Trump was also awarded the Ellis Island Medal of Honor. But don't let facts get in the way of your bigotry.
Either send them home, or out to sea to drown. Nobody wants losers who abandon their country just to ruin ours!
and why should they get everything handed to them and the American citizen and their children are homeless and starve
They must be walking slow you have been saying that for weeks

What about the voices of the people here?
Can we direct them to Nancy Pelosi neighborhood?  Can we collect money, lease houses in Pelosi's neighborhood to house illegal immigrants, lets see if she still approves of illegal residents?
Damn
Welcome them all with open arms, food,  water and shelter from the storm. We are all children of the world
LMFAO 
We have enough of our own that need taking care of.  Keep them out of this country!!!!!
“Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, the wretched refuse of your teeming shore,”
And be shot if they step on US soil
Well turn those sweethearts right around and say "Not today, amigo".
They need more K9 units to assist in deterring those climbing the wall.  I own 3 pit bulls in Akron and nobody has ever climbed my 5 ft fnc
You're not welcomed here.
I know what those 30 round clips can be used for now

Good luck 
#LetThemCross

THIS IS A PROBLEM OF THE CENTRAL AMERICAN COUNTRIES IS NOT A PROBLEM OF THE USA.
Very sad that laws aren’t respected!
Tell @realDonaldTrump
Why don't you show pictures of all of the men lining up?
Oh, not the optics you want huh.

Unbelievable...
Hope they came to take pictures of the border walls
Lord God, take of the Migrants.
Survival isn't a joke...I ask we pray for the travellers & their brave families

Thou we fear for their safety...true reality is humanity no loner exist in AMERICA
Taxes should not either
They are not wanted here and the national guard needs to keep them out
turn around and stay in Mexico
They're in Mexico, awaiting processing to cross into the land of opportunities in order to work at whatever job anglos won't do themselves.
‘Anglos’ will do all jobs just not for the wages these uneducated third world invaders will accept.
They should do like the old days that anybody that takes them in or sponsors them should be held accountable for them financially and for their actions
Stay in your own country,Americans want to use their earned tax dollars to take care of their own family
I kinda remember back in the 60's and early 70's when we didn't accept the boat people. Also, Europe sent some packing too.
They are coming because Trump offered them a job to help him build the Wall he wants on the Southern Border
Get in line

Will gee the guy in the WH told farmers they could use visiting workers..  give them a job!

Um.  They are already there.  Have been divided into A, B, C groups for processing.  Based on thei level of persecution...
Don’t send them to Canada. Keep them between the US and Mexico.
So you want to take in the world?
It’s what this country was built on. We are a nation of immigrants.
We’re full
America has over 1 million homeless people and around 46 million In poverty! If we can’t take care of them how are we going to take care of these migrants?
And republicans don’t care about them either. Don’t act like they do.
U can give a man a fish and feed him for a day or u can teach a man to fish and feed him for a lifetime... I believe Trump is making the better choice
Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, Thewretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door!
Oh my God, call the national guard! Oh yeah, @realDonaldTrump  already did. Que pendejo!
Chut'em
I think every sanctuary city needs a tent city
OUR DAY WILL COME WHEN WE SEND THEM BACK TO THERE OWN COUNTRY
Better have visas
If they are supposedly seeking asylum, why not seek it from Mexico? This is sooooo totally fake. The USA is getting scammed!
My question, who/what/why tipped Trump off? Was it a PR stunt?
Why won’t Mexico take them in?
They would, but these people aren't seeking "asylum" they're seeking american social programs.
D E P O R T 
E
P
O
R
T
Don’t let them in...
So if they come in leagaly, you’ll still have an issue with it? If so, your racism is showing through.
To Trump supporters, any Hispanic is an "illegal" until proven otherwise 
Anh se la Jovenel al kontinye Karavan nan
Another one!?
Send them back, Mexico offered them asylum
About face! Foward march!
What a joke. Send them the hell back where they came from.
Awesome, more money out of my check to pay for others.  #controltheboarder
Are you crazy people or what?yes also i dont want to pay for some imigrant who come and stay home and i work all day http://long.You  want to call me Raciest?i don't CARE
Stop using Trump shitty words to instigate others. 

This is NO CARAVAN
You're right, we should call it what it is, an invasion.
Hmm.. just like your ancestors took over the Indians ? Yum. So in that case how about we deport you guys 1st..eh?
Negative. They were rightfully conquered after continuously attacking our settlements. At least the former savages have better lives now because of us, so they should thank us.
They can stay at my house
I have room, too
If you keep them in your house fine, some of their friend have been to my house and destroyed it
Hope they kill you
#yaAli
