So. Who wants to talk about how James Comey's brother is the Clinton Foundation attorney?  Anyone?
those norms are called the swamp that was quick sand for this country thank God Trump came along! Comey makes me sick!
Is it true that he didn't vote? That's a matter of public record, right?
He's right! Who can argue that? And if those Norms & Traditions continue to be Eroded then it is Every American's Fault for Not Speaking Up, for Not having those Face to Face Difficult Family & Friend Conversations About Our Leaders & Policy Like Americans did in days gone by.
Yeah! It's called jail time for both!!
Everyone entitled to an opinion.
The Deep State not so much.
How did CNN hire James Clapper without informing the viewers that he was THE leaker of the Steele dossier, can there be a bigger conflict of interest than this?
Merry Christmas is a Tradition by Christian's.

This Tradition is symbolism for more than just being Jesus birth. It is symbolism for all walks of life to set aside a day dedicated to your love ones & Family thus...  Merry (Mary) Christ (Jesus) mas[s] (mass of Love ones/Family).
Norms & Traditions are subjected to evolutionary changes.

"We Hold These Truths to be Self-evident that..." is a powerful/useful life concept.
.
PARABLE:
If it was a "Norm" to eat people, when the population gets down to 10, you may want to reconsider your established NORM.
And he was part of the FBI...What a joke.
Plus the fact she bleached all her servers, smashed all cell phones KNOWING they were evidence yea Mr. Comey don't piss down our necks and say it's raining.
Can't believe anything this guy says he always looks so pained like he regretting everything he says. Of until he gets the CHECK.
Comey pretends in Bret Baier interview he still doesn't know if Clinton/DNC funded the Steele dossier, then claims with total certainty that Republicans funded the dossier first, because Free Beacon hired/fired Fusion GPS before Steele was hired. Incredible dishonesty.
Said the dam that broke.
So it is all about politics and not about getting anything done? Again, a very dangerous road we were on as a nation. Look at the Democratic cities and it is easy to tell where the nation was headed. Make sure the poor stay poor and feed them drugs. The Obama legacy.
Sad that even at the top people don't have the courage to vote their beliefs.
Indict Comey
#Releasethetexts
#Releasethetexts
#ReleaseTheTexts
Many of those “Norms and Traditions” need to be eroded. MAGAZINE
Time for a change
people don't believe the horrors that have come out of Trumps mouth after all the lies about Him he just says fake news and people follow, it's so awful it's like they refuse to believe so they support the ecological end of humanity if others don't moralize against etc.
Cnn. I hate Your channel. I love our president! Don’t be mistaken 
Can we go back in time, and change the outcome?..
His modesty,humility and class are astounding.The President is a fiend for firing him.
Words of a TRUE LIAR.
Yeah like in Quid Pro Quo
#SwampThing
A great interview it refreshing to listen to a intelligent person.

Don’t you people understand. America is over the “norm”.  We want America first!!!
Hitler had norms and traditions. So did slavery. 
Comey said he did not vote. I find that really hard to believe, but great, he would have voted for Hiltlery anyway so what is the point
Clinton is more enmeshed in, trained in, respectful of the norms and traditions........And these "qualities" served us so well over the last 8 years.
Sadly, we had 2 sleeze bags running for POTUS.  Never seen the likes of this before and hope this never ever happens again.  Dems/Reps, give us, at a minimum, decent, respectful and at least "semi-honest" candidates during the next election cycle for POTUS.  Dear FATSO (jail).
So @Comey is no better than @rustyrockets. Use your vote or lose it altogether. It's your choice.
CNN YOU HAVE MADE THIS A VERY HATEFUL WORLD, ENOUGH ABOUT COMEY HE IS A STRIGHT UP LIAR.
Delusional
Comey’s letter is what caused this disaster.
Nothing is being eroded.
The funny thing is no folded me anything it me I have none everything for very long timevnot trying barrage about anything make any big deals over it becouses nothing come out of it anyways
Exactly. Of course. She fits with the culture of the swamp!  Don’t mess with the swamp.
Like what about tradition of keeping quiet .
This nan has hurt the FBI credibility, and it will last a long time. I know not everybody at FBI are not corrupt, but this the Director !!!!! How Not to make associations?
Then why did he essentially ruin her chances with the timing of reopening the email scandal?
He leaks like a sieve
You don’t vote, you can’t complain! End of story. Just that simple
Well he had the evidence and still worships Hillary? And didn’t vote? He really needs to be investigated now! She lowered the bar and he followed suit!!
Comey is a disgrace to the FBI.
What?!?!  He didn’t vote?!?!  He’s been spouting all this stuff about caring for our country and he didn’t vote?!   Just lost all credibility IMO.
He didn’t have 2 vote, he swayed many opinions w his many partisan words. He was covering his —- when he came out b/4 the election w the emails, at Hillary’s detriment. Still thought she wld be elected! Forgot about us Americans & our votes!
Comey is the most despicable sleazy guy I think I've ever seen on TV you know it is when he preaches to everybody that he is honest has integrity? Glad you got fired!!! Washington rot!!

A lot of Republicans I’d exactly what Comey did.    They couldn’t vote for Trump so they just didn’t vote, giving us Trump.   Shame on Comey.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.... its so difficult to sell a book huh Mr Comey! poor you. You should be tried, honestly.. and when you serve time forever, you will have all the time in the world to write more books, PROMISE

True!!  All should be afraid. Trump has no morals, values, integrity!!! He's a insecure bully who is self centred baby. Loved loved loved the Town Hall Meeting!!!!
You're on the wrong side of what's right.
You mean the “norms and traditions” of protecting the party at all costs including lies, cover ups and such.

A lot of people just didn't want Hillary to be President. I didn't want her to be the first woman President. She's a garbage person. The DNC forced her on us so we spitefully didn't vote for her. Hopefully the next woman candidate is better.
HEY CNN Alfie Evans IS BREAKING NEWS. WHERE IS YOUR COVERAGE
A uk hospital is killing a child.
The Pope tweeted about it.
Italy gave an emergency residency to the baby. And threatened to charge the Uk with murder.
Police stopped helicopter from airlifting
Do you know @CNN has various twitter handles
Why did he mess up her chances to win then???
Did u all forget there is an email that clearly shows that Trump jr. was all excited over the fact that Russia had Hillary’s emails that could hurt her campaign. N TRUMP Sr. helps jr draft a letter 2 show the meeting with Russians was 2 discuss Russian adoption?   Collusion
Obviously  Comey, didn't  view The Apprentice  with The Donald,  you're  Fired.
I stand by James Comey 100%. Trump is useless. The next president will have alot of healing to do for our Country, to make America heal again.
To make us citizens great again.
One can be sure that Hillary Clinton doesn’t give a darn what Comey thinks now. He is highly responsible for her loss.  He made a grave error when he reopened the investigation right before the election.  @Comey no forgiveness. @LesterHoltNBC @maggieNYT
Hillary had enough illegals voting for her and she still couldn't win breaking news Hillary lost
Another two bit bot


Which is a euphemism for she will tow the line and do nothing to change the status quo
Now Kellyann calls Chris “Christopher” now that is being a condescending bitch.
Holy Shit CNN followers are tRUMPkins and they put on evil Kellyann Conway to dispute a man ( Comey) that has more integrity in his little pinkie than tRUMP has in fat bloated body.
Comey has more integrity???!!! 
That says it all. Total joke.


I wish he would just apologize. Publicly.
“Norms”? You’re right there couldn’t possibly be a deep state!!!
Hillary is a member of the Deep State, corrupt just like Comey!
Oh brother!!
Too bad he did not talk about her in such respectful terms before the election.
James Commie*
Hay James, she a crook. She’s been in some form of the political jungle from her early college days.  I’m sure she picked up and changed those norms,and traditions you speak of. Maybe that’s why the country in in today’s mess.
What a loser
Comey looks like he may be loosing a little sleep here lately hahaha....
It's embarrassing to hear criticism about our current president that is nowhere near the allegations that have been credibly leveled at Hillary.
Or this?
Is this what he's referring to?
Is Hillary 'morally fit' to be president?
We love you #Comey
His family voted crooked hilary 
Like 20 Trillion in fed debt by the smart politicians
some patriot!
Didn’t vote!!! Really!!!
Heyyyyyy @Comey

And that is the bottom line,I’m 50 plus yrs old,my grand mother&father and great grandparents era and before them set the precedents for the way the people elected r too run this country,not like this crap going on in DC now,it’s trashy, period.#MyRealTalk
This clown will end up doing some menial work in some god-forsaken 3rd world nation.
Yep. Corruption seems to be a common thread.
The irony.......norms and traditions lol this guy talking about norms and tradition.
Respectful of the norm which is stupidity and that is why people die under her hands. No wonder I voted for the other!
Norms and traditions is what helped create the mess, better know as the swamp,  @realDonaldTrump keep draining
The norms and traditions have created $21 trillion in debt, a weaker country, an entitled welfare state, etc.  #DrainingTheSwamp
But Hillary Clinton is a felon.
This all coming from a leaker and a dirty cop.
A few Hillary norms: hyper-abortion, transgenderism, more taxes, Russian Reset, Clinton (Islamic) Foundation, Uranium deal, bleached top secret emails, Benghazi, bathroom server,  >>on &on -yoga classes anyone? anymore leaks before IG criminal referral
Yes Comey you are right about Hillary being a more qualified candidate and you blew it.
 get a damn grip
I agree with his criticism ofTrump, but I think his rationale for releasing memo on Hillary’s e-mail investigation just before the election is b.s. and his book and speaking tour haven’t changed my mind. 

At least J. Edgar kept his blackmail private!
Hasn’t your mind?  Like how??
2 fckn douches
Guess that would be traditions of leaking and lying. Comey sounds like a dweeb.

keepingand I keepingMAGA TRUMP2020
He lied, he leaked classified information and has hurt the credibility of the FBI.  He is a disgrace
cnn needs to get over the fact that Trump is the president
“Respectful of the norms and traditions”, Yeah that is a horrible thing to get angry about as a Christian or American.  Haters on this thread for this is batshit.  Such hypocrisy.
WTF'' is this!!!!

You libtard's own this shit show!!!!
F**KING TRAITORS .......[+].......
Wait a member of the FBI didn’t vote? He should be ashamed.
Many do not.
And she owns u
So what, Hillary is loser, the same as him, the more he speaks,the worse he and she looks!
Why are you not talking about Kanye’s tweet!? Doesn’t fit your agenda??!! HMM
Hmmm indeed. There are countless things they don’t talk about cause it doesn’t help them. But they claim certain stupid (and unnecessary) things as breaking news and make it a big deal
Remember this dork is not from the rank and file of the FBI. He was just a typical crooked lawyer that got the job of Director. I still think this bozo dressed up like a chic and walked with his Hillary supporting family members during the woman’s march. Pink vag hat and all!
Comey and Clinton are part of the swamp that needs draining! They love the swamp and think it should continue!
Sir, we do not want those norms and traditions to continue. That is why we voted Trump.  You have no respect for us,  non elite Americans,  we have no respect for you and yours, we want your gone, we want major change...
JC did not voted. what kind of his responsibility for our country?????
Let’s see.... he was a US Attorney, Assistant Attorney General, Attorney General, and FBI Director. What, pray tell, have you done for the country?  Besides the sublime tweet, of course.
This dude is in hot water.
Translation: #potus DJT will Drain The Swamp! #maga
Was very interesting watching both CNN and FOX at same time. I don't think James Coney was aware or expecting what just happened. But we shall see. Or maybe we will? Sad!
He still owes HRC an apology
Yeah RIGHT and I can just imagine the BIG FAT FIGHT he had with his WIFE when SHE found out HE did NOT VOTE!! "what do you mean you didn't vote? YOU cost her the election!!" LMAO It's the REAL reason for the book.  Gotta plan for those alimony payments.....bahahahahah
So Democrats pushing us toward socialism, eroding the Constitutional Amendments...and that is norms and traditions.  I don't think so.
You are saying it does not make it true.  Now that is fake news you turd flakes are always accusing us of.
Entitlements for all but the rich.  Sounds like socialism to me.

Jim Comey is a criminal! He leaked top secret information from the FBI! He is a despicable person who will be going to jail!
It wasn’t classified, it was his personal notes, but speaking of leaking information.
What a lier
Spelling
He means she's more used to the swamp, the norm, the corruption, yeah that's who we wanted! I think not! Make America great again! If your really paying attention he is. Whether you like it or not. Comey should not be allowed in front of a camera, he's as dirty as they get.
What a masterful liar.
#getwellsoon
Translated,  he likes the swamp.
Didn’t vote?#comey. SogladIdidnotbuyyourbook.
CNN and the DNC are DONE. CNN and the CIA are DONE!  The news is out!  You jackals are FINISHED

Amen
COMEY - CLINTON - TRUMP: EVERY ANIMAL IN THE JUNGLE KNOWS HOW TO LAY-LOW FOR SURVIVAL & THE HUMAN ZOO WISHES THAT AT LEAST 3 SPECIFIC PEOPLE WOULD JUST STAND IN A CORNER SOMEWHERE & STFU @UN @AP @ABC SHHH @BBCWorld @NPR TA GUEULE @espn @TMZ @latimes @NYDailyNews SILENCE IS GOLDEN
I guess you fools don't know yet what was in her deleted emails.  She's SCUM.  You also don't seem to know yet that the FBI internal comms shows Deep State discussing assassination of Trump and/or his family.
That’s why she lost. People were tired of “norms and traditions” of career politicians.
So u prefer a guy who lies about just about everything & kowtows 2 Putin

If the presidential elections #Election2016 were held today, would you vote for Donald Trump or Hilary Clinton?  #polls
That’s fair.
Way to piss away a right that so many do not have...
Norms that have us $22 trillion in debt
Really @KellyannePolls? What about all of @realDonaldTrump’s #LockHerUp chants? Allegations are all his presidency is built on
You follow a great town hall with Kelly Ann. Please give us a break. We were feeling inspired and then we have to listen to her conspiracy theories. Stop having her on.
If you’re feeling feeling inspired by James Comey you have gigantic issues!
I don’t tweet with idiots. So...bye.
Like I said....issues!
That’s what happens when you assume something, you get fired.
Naw. Hillary was too busy being "enmeshed" in Beyonce' concert planning, group photos with Justin Timberlake & wasting political contribution funds on herself & the party she was more focused on than being tuned into her run for Presidency. What a Damned Irresponsible Fool she is
He was too afraid to VOTE ..  so he abstained.
CNN has given cover to the deep state treason
Jeez. And Shania Twain had to apologize just for saying that, if she was American, she might have voted for Trump. NOT voting for Hillary was a vote for Trump.
You should have followed FBI protocol. Now, we stuck with the dumb orange monster
Criminal news network
My Homey, Jim Comey.
Giggle. With supporters like that, no wonder she lost.
The “norms” she is so entwined in is probably why she didn’t get elected. Her “norms” tend to be illegal and self-benefiting. Think most of us were tired of the “norms.”
Well you have new norms now! And an administration of grifters, starting from the grifter in chief. Enjoy!
I’m pretty sure he’s the American President, so he belongs to all of us. WE get to vote every four years, if WE don’t like it, WE get to vote to change it. 

However, our system doesn’t imply if the person WE voted for doesn’t win, WE get a mulligan and it doesn’t count.
He gets a mulligan every time another indiscretion appears on the horizon. Trumpers enjoy him while he lasts!
nigga plz he voted Democrat thinking none of this would come to light lmao
If he didn’t vote, shut up!  It makes no sense to voice an opinion now if one did not voice it then.
To what “norms and traditions” is he referring?

Ha ha awesome!
Like corruption.
I Believe Comey. You can tell he is honest. I understand and so would any intelligent and thoughtful beings.
Then why did you blow it for her?  Though bank account not 'eroded' Mr. Comey.
Why??  He always lies.
Only CNN would give this clown tv time. How did your book signings go?
Hats off to this great man!!! Comey for 2020
Nice. Head of the FBI didn’t vote. Should have been fired for that. What kinda example is he setting for his employees. Not important enough?
Too late now
Your crooked... hope you go to jail! Along with Hillary!
The only person this turd needs to be talking to is his lawyer.
Bots come out to play!  BOTS come out to PLAYYY!!!

"Can you count, suckers?"  Cyrus
I LOVE that monologue! (Moon Runners?)
"Van Cortlandt Rangers sitting next to the moon ??? Nobody is wasting nobody"   Got me on that!
