Fundamental values of corruption in the government?  Everyone is brainwashed by this CNN big brother
DEEP STATE was an issue even far back in President Washington days that he fought against strongly

If nothing else to teach all people that this is a land UNITY, OPPORTUNITY for Americans who put trust in their officials to represent all Americans fairly rooted in FUNCTIONALITY


Blind fold:

Blind fold symbolism concept does not seem to be working as some get a slap on the wrist & some get jail time for the same type infractions. 

Some were peeking through that blindfold. Many examples of favoritism can be found in mans history.

aka "Selective Justice"
DEEP STATE?

Meaning people who believe they own this USA & that things will be conducted as they deem as right or wrong

In a land of "Ownership"/"Wealth" behaviors, 90+% says YES, there is a DEEP STATE exist somewhere

WE THE PEOPLE "Unity" puts that type of thinking in CHECK!
I thought the blindfold was to keep We the people from seeing the truth, hehehe, ;)
And you don’t adhere to any of them.
Coney is a corrupt crook ! Bought and paid for by Clinton’s and the Democrats !
COMEY IS WAY LOW ON THE FOOD CHANGE TO BE ANYTHING BUT A BROKE OLD MAN ...WHIT NO PLACE TO GO...
Call it out, @Comey!! Great words of truth from you. I hope people are listening to your call to act.
LMAO, You can't be serious.
Bot
Not.
CNN loves fake news
Comey gets more full of crap each TV interview he has.
And yet, we figured out how to manipulate it and use it to our advantage, so we could all get rich, baby!

No attack, no victims, no chem weapons: #Douma witnesses speak at #OPCW briefing at The Hague (VIDEO) https://on.rt.com/9448  
@Comey is in DEEP trouble.
When I hear Comey talk about deep morals I start to throw up in my mouth.  What pompous windbag.
Most Americans share those commitments but few can marshall the finances needed to bribe politicians or federal agents when needed.
Smashing phones with hammers and deleting documents,America that Comey loves.
???
Wow! That's SUCH a beauty pageant answer!
What about the amount of KKK in the police force?
'In my experience... They've got the flu which is constantly in flux, hence there not being a cure yet.'
Damage limitation much?
Explain!
The 'deep state' is real. But are its leaks against Trump justified? | Jack Goldsmith https://trib.al/YeDkTfg 
He even looks STUPID.
Core Values.
Thank you CNN.  This is the best answer to a question during the Town Hall.
The "Deep State" was created by the GOP and implemented by alt-right minions to take the eye of their uneducated base  from the truth; the true "deep state" are the Kochs, the Mercers and Sheldon Alderson. They own the GOP, pay them well to do their bidding.

Comey for President?
Bravo, Mr. Comey.
The only thing more disgusting than you and that freak interviewing you is Rachel Maddog and her bizarre manipulation of facts
Even deep culture can be corrupt and swing into the wrong direction, even director Comey is not above the law but it’s amazing he sure has lawyered up here in the past few weeks. He needs to take his own advice
The FBI ISN'T POLITICIZED?   OMG READ SOME OF YOUR DIRTY BANDITS TEXT MESSAGES. YOU FLAT OUT ADMITTED TRYING TO CLEAR HILLARY BECAUSE YOU THOUGHT SHE WOULD WIN. YOU LYING SACK OF SHOT!
Like hell there is not a deep state
Quit lieing Comey.
Values like 20 Trillion in fed debt by the smart politicians
What a dope he is
It's called deep state when the rules are applied to the good old boys. Suck it up and play by the rules and you wouldn't have to come up with a bunch of conspiracy theories. Welcome to the system that has been screwing people of color for centuries!
His lies are way too rehearsed. Like the little boy who worked out the big fantastic tale of how the window got broken with the baseball when the dog was chasing the cat who knocked the lamp over & it hit the ball which sent it sailing thru the window. Just watch his face & hands
Don’t expect the deep stare to admit it exists. It’s there alright.
you are a LIAR Comey the deep state is real
You are the swamp.
FACTS
#FAKENEWSCNN DEEP STATE PROPAGANDA is the DEEP STATE along with the rest of the lame stream national enquirers. They all hate trump and will stop at nothing ro destroy his presidency. He even said he didn’t vote and that Clinton would hold to traditions, code for DEEP STATE
As Cooper said, the veneer of civilization is thin. Unfortunately, the understanding of those values and principles necessary for its perpetuation is even thinner. Reading these comments reminds me that ignorance runs deep, however
Yes Jimmy, and u maybe the tool that flush the supposed values into the District of corruption cess pool.
This statement was so funny that it made me laugh so hard that the coffee I was drinking came out of my nose. This James Comey guy must be a clown or a comedian. Of course he is going to say that. He was part of the deep state.
Liar
CNN is a joke

What is the difference in deep state vs deep culture ? They both promote the same lies that do nothing but hurt this country! Who died and made your morals GOD ? You live under the same rules WE do ! So you should pay a PRICE !!
No deep state!?
I'm convinced he's lying less than 1 min in.

lol ok

Then why are judges undermining our lawmakers?
That’s exactly what the deep state would say!
This joke was fired from the FBI. His hands been in the cookie jar for way to long. Paid for by the Clinton foundation...
Fundamentals? Like using fake paid for dirt on your opponent to obtain a FISA Warrant and spy on the opposition? Then start an investigation and waste tax payer money? All to find out that the Democrats, FBI and Hillary are the ones colluding paying for the fake Dirt. #WitchHunt
Said the man from the "deep state"...the former FBI director who pardoned a former SECSTATE.
Really enjoyed this town hall
He going to be hearing ‘Deep Shit’ very soon.
You were part of the deep state, crooked Hillary coverup, leaker Comey ! Jailtime for you!
2nd Amendment Constitution or doesn’t that part count?
CNN is biased and corrupt
I want to know how your former subordinates feel now?

#ComeystillyourHomey ???
@Comey Comey is in the deepest state of denial! The Obama syndicate were corrupt from top to bottom! Not an opinion! The truth
Crimes for the dummies on tour
Wait! I thought I was the Vice President of the Deep State.

Man is full of shit
yeah, cuz a deep state member is gonna tell the truth about the deep state.
#lies
James. WHAT are you WEARING
Would somebody please explain what this so called “Deep State” is???  Like the shadow government on Scandal?  And if it exists what is it’s purpose?
Its

Notice all the questions are being read
Wow. What a joke
Got to stay out of the Deep Trump Swamp.
Lock him up!
Ah, it’s a deep culture, the phrasing was odd we get it now. Thanks for clarifying.
We can clearly see this "Deep State Valves" in Comey, Page, Strzok and Rosenstein. Now who elected them? And why are the American people subjected to their interpretation of the constitution? I thought that it was the life time appointed Supreme court justice job to protect it?
@skullandbonesfraternity @gargski all agree.... there’s no deep state .
That's the same thing
Oh really - So the Strzok text messages to his Lover were a lie? A secret society within the FBI that met after @POTUS won the election and plotted to undermine the election?!
"There's no deep state, but there is a deep culture and a commitment to ... the fundamental values that are at the core of our Constitution..."
Lmao , lied to Congress.  That’s all I@need to know.
Comey didn’t do everything right, but he is not corrupt. Trump is the corrupt one. Full stop!
Crock.  Deep State??  The public gets it no matter the moniker
Oooh Comey is shitting his panties now
CNN SUCKS... COMEY A POS
Yea, and the IRS didn’t target conservative groups. 
I’ve got a bridge in Brooklyn...
What an absolute hack liar. We all have seen him, and his cronies work against Trump from the beginning. So much so that Trump, and his team, were surveilled during the election. How much worse can it get....wait it can... when your opponents funds a dossier used to investigate.
Now that's just laughable Mr Leaker
 So a proven liar says there's no deep state?

Mealy mouthed BS
These are the people that are influenced by fake facebook ads... I get it now. They lost votes from there own party because they are not smart enough to think for themselves....
I just googled "how short is Anderson Cooper?"
Sorry Anderson!
he looks so lil and cute next to comey
The first rule of the deep state is to not talk about the deep state. Everybody knows that, and many people are talking about it. 
Reminds me of when people wrapped their houses in plastic years ago. Good Lord, we're heading toward effed cliff.
COMEY YOUR FIRED
I’m listening and find Comey quite credible and transparent.  I hope people are digesting the underlying message.
That he is a self-serving windbag with a God complex that thinks he knows better than everyone eles?  Sure.
I call it deep sh!t. Comey loser
I’m watching this circus and find it amusing that he is very careful about what he’s says now that he’s got an attorney. It’s really pathetic

fuck comey he has know values
LOL, sure Jimmy....
#FakeNews

Having said this on CNN, he may as well be talking into a mirror.
Le langue de bois.
...this guy is a clown.

This guy is good. I find him to be very authentic. Does he have a photographic memory? Serious question: Does he? He is so good and believable.
You say it enough.. People start believing it.. Thanks
Ah yes deep state?  What is that?  I don’t know if any deep state?  Deep state?  Like people running a shadow govt to like overthrow the president?  Like who would like be in something that?  Drop the hammer on this fake.
You’ve been watching too many episodes of Scandal...
Pot meet kettle!
I called it deep professionalism but deep culture works as well.
@CNN @cnnbrk provides the questions for the useful idiots to regurgitate and then Comey spews his prefabricated responses. Let’s sell a book now. What a convoluted clown show.
Comey IS the deep state.
BULLSHIT, Comey!
He's so full of shit
Deep state statement from the deep state.
He left a patriot...Trump needs to DISAPPEAR!
"The FBI is not politicized; that's nonsense..." 

Says the guy that single-handily politicized the FBI while he was the Director of it...
its called the democrat state of deniall
Trump and his supporters are in deep denial.
Why would Comey admit to a Deep State when he is part of the deep state? Comey has proven to be untrustworthy and unbelievable. He knows all about the Deep State.
Wow the Russian trolls really come at this feed...
A honorable American!!
…I hear this term leak, or bleach bit, or smashed phones or deleted emails and I think no there’s none of that either I bet.

this freaking guy.
Haha what else would he say?
This is exactly what the deep state would say
I’m pinning this tweet.
Look at all crying republicans.
As he talks to Secret Agent Cooper

Comey is to the Constitution as Republicans are for pro-choice.
They would say that, wouldn't they? ;)
This coming from a liar (under oath)!!
OMG the shit's getting deep
total bs! there is a deep state and crimey isn’t in it!
Zzzzzzzzzzz Zzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzz
And y’all wonder why everyone considers everything from your network BULLSHIT  hmmm
lolk
Don’t tell that to the tinfoil hat Republicans
Said the lead brained liberal.
Constitution!
**yawn**
keep lofting those pre-arranged softball questions.
Roflmao.
Ding ding ding, someone is a liar
Earn $400+up /mo driving where you already drive!
Nice try deep state
Nice try derp state
