Time to ban rental vans just like ARs. Its not the person's fault for doing it, right?
Why is this episode already fuelling racist and stereotypical bs???  We don’t know anything yet, other than a deranged man did the unspeakable.  Shut up and listen, first!
Tell these victims families what is the difference ? between these attacks? they are all HATE motivated attacks! No difference...
That is exactly my point 
My heart is heavy and I feel deeply for the victims and their families. Horrifying
My heart is heavy too. We need to come together as a city and as a country, not be pointlessly divided at every single opportunity 
Stay safe
You as well.
Thank you
He's mentally I'll I guess.
Trump won't care unless the perp is black,  Mexican,  Muslim,  or liberal.
And liberals won’t care unless he was white. Point being?
Great, The U.S. will now make all drivers carry firearms.
Great idea!!

Well, he won. Hillary lost. How dumb does that make the Demacratic party when they attached themselves to such a loser candidate. They literally could have picked anyone else and won. P.S. i didn’t vote for Trump.
So was the shooting at the Waffle House
Cars, guns...whatever
YUP...proof this is not about GUNS
So the terriost attack at the Waffle House wasn't about guns? Guess he killed all four people with spoons.
We are talking about the VAN that ran over close to 50 people...many dead in Canada this AM...wake up!!!!
I'm talking about the white supremacist, Travis Reinking that committed a domestic terroristic act at the Waffle House outside of Nashville when he targeted & killed 4 people of color...Wake up!
Do you know how to read??? this post is about Canada you wacko.....and no it was not a racist crime at the waffle house....he is mentally disturbed just like you....probably from too much liberalism...broken home...no parents....no formation...and sounds like a Transgender-You?


This is so tragic..what's with all the smart ass comments? Really people?? A bystander saw a woman's stroller with a baby in it flip up in the air..no words.
Omg. That's the most heartbreaking/devastating thing, I have heard of the situation yet.  Many people turn to hate than feeling their pain. It's easier.
Agree...a testament to how "numb" people have become due to this growing reality of hate crimes that have become increasingly prolific and tragically our new " normal"...
When will we learn?#vancontrolnow
#neveragain
It's insane ... So tragic
Simply amazing that suspect has not been identified!!
Blood suckers they wanted blood.

Now let’s ban vans since people kill people with them!
I’m not trying to politicize a tragedy. Just trying to point out the absurdity of banning weapons to law abiding citizens. My heart goes to the victims and their families.
It's the "law abiding citizen" part that makes little sense to me. A lot of gun owners are law abiding... right up until they use those guns to murder people. Yes, the deranged will find another way,  but that doesn't mean you can't make it difficult for them.
I admit there are cases of that happening. I am not opposed to a FAIR pycological test being administered. But I really don’t feel that’s possible, it’s  no more possible having everyone turn in their weapons for the purposes of this proposed test. What’s your solution?
You hit the nail right on the head.  Mental evaluations.  I believe owning a gun should be a privilege,  not an absolute right. If you're sane,  prove to me you're sane. Anyone that wants to own semi automatic weapons for the fun of it is already mentally questionable to me.
The problem is with that is who’s to say who is sane and who isn’t. If a MD. or the States says a guy is sane and then that guy shoots up a supermarket. It’ll be a mess wrongful death suits all over the place. Litigation to no end.
Not the driver's fault, right? It was the tool, right? I expect to hear discussions regarding #VanBan2018 and #DriveForOurLives... oh wait, that doesn't fit the narrative and firearms are the only inanimate object that is at fault for human deaths. 
Vans are used for transport... what the Hell are ARs used for other than protection, which you can have without needing a semi-automatic.
Vans are used for transport but mentally unstable people use them for crime. Rifles are used for protection, sport, and hunting but mentally unstable people use them for crime. You said ARs are used for protection... yes, so why should I have that right taken away?
When are they going to ban these dangerous #whitevans 

#WhiteVanWalkout
I'm ok with banning vans and guns.  What else you got?
Don’t forget knives, forks & spoons 
How about ban you from twitter.  That's safer for everyone.
so sad
Thanks, Captain Obvious!
NO SHIT SHERLOCK 
This is, no doubt, a radical Christian.
Ya nobody's said that yet liars
Suicide by cop, it is thought, as he threatened a police officer with his cell phone (pretending to be a gun).  Smart cop didn't shoot.
We need to have a ban on bigger vehicles, what reason did this man have for having it? Probably easy access to it too.
No way!
Looks like #Putin is at it again. #Salisbury, #Douma and now #Toronto
It appears??? you freaks...this is ISLAMIC TERRORISM...now repeat after me...say if over and over till it sticks...BTW they love defenseless Liberal states...run by incompetent Democrats
Prayers for those involved and to their families as well.....
This is not supposed to happen in Liberal Canada where GUNS are BANNED...so now we need to BAN DRIVING...how ridiculous are these Liberals???
Amazing how slow staff of CNN was to report this...it happened way over 1 hour ago ....and CNN TV has yet to mention it...seems to be this is the most important event of the day so far!!! or NO because it doesn't involve guns and it's probably an ISLAMIC-TERRORIST!!! Shame on You
Obviously
No.  Attacks only happen in the US... Right?  #fakenews #murderonlyhappensintheUSright
This attack has all of the hallmarks of an Islamic terrorist attack. Pray for the victims. #Toronto.
Thank you captain obvious!!!
Yup. The fables trucks of peace have arrived in Canada.
Didn't see tire tracks for 100 ft. to showed he hit his brakes??????????
Give that van life imprisonment.
Ya think?
By a Muslim extremist I’m sure. So what will you propose now? Ban vans or ban Muslims?  hmmm. Best to bring back profiling.
Deliberately? Wisest not to rush into conclusions. This might be just mental illness or most simply an issue with brakes. #FakeNews
No shit
So sad
Oh really
Ban Vans!!!!
No question about that.
Where are the emotional activists calling for a ban on automobiles?
Duh, it's the Muslims
Yeah, no shit.
ghee , ya think ??
It seems to me that maybe the constant rage that the internet and the media loves to perpetuate may be the real problem, as it seems that people are seizing upon any weapon they can to attack anyone at all these days.
They're going to start Banning Vans to prevent this from happening again
Should ban Assault Vans and make everyone drive smart cars
Islam has nothing to do with Islam.
well fucking duh
No shit!
It "appears"? I doubt anyone questioned the deliberation of the attack...
Open your eyes people.
@MrColionNoir @DLoesch @benshapiro any of you think we'll hear the left and/or anti-firearm people calling for #VanBan2018 and #DriveForOurLives rallies???
9 dead in Toronto, authorities confirm it was a terrorist attack.

Terrorist described as "Middle Eastern".

"Motive unknown."
Motive..."Allah Akbar" or maybe he caught his goat cheating on him with another isis member...
You are smart strong woman. I you come to kazh http://we.meet 
perry mason at his finest
Yeah u Think , normally we don’t drive on Sidewalks for a mile long
@AAAnews .. you have blood on your hands. Ryder. You too are complicit.
My best wishes for a prompt recovery to the injured of this crazy act.
@JustinTrudeau apologies to the terror scumbug than cries.. Weak man
What are you on about?
shit
Oh - really?
Charlottesville all over again!
Aren’t you intelligent
HELL is on the doorstep of this world, and it just knock on Toronto's door.
For decades, I have listen to CNN as 1st Amend involves listening to the other side and I did. Even jesus gave the devil his ear although the devil did not return the favor.

God Bless, Godspeed
Earn $400+up mo just driving where you already drive! http://bit.ly/RefCarskgs  Proven System For Success: Driving with an ad on your car. Advertise on your vehicle & earn passive income with our small, see thru ads on your back window. Drivers wanted for local /national campaigns
Makes me SICK...
Duh!
Strange that @CNN reports this when officials and responsible @CBC report that there is no official announcement on cause or purpose yet. Definitely responsible reporting from #Canada until facts are fully understood.
Don't forget CBC says it's a "White" van..
got a regular Sherlock Holmes working on the case
And.....?  Lemme guess. Strict gun laws don’t stop crazy people from killing others. 
No shit!!!!
Is it just me or each time there is a shooting there happens to be a van that runs over people?
No doubt the NRA is renting these vans and running over ppl.
I was thinking it's Voldemort
Could be Trump?
Nobody is saying that ...yet.  Lets get ALL the information before we make assumptions that this was a terrorist act
A witness just said!: The driver drove deliberately up the sidewalk at over 80mph and mowed people down 1 by 1
80 km an hour which is like 45 mph
Really?
@cnn
Video shows Toronto attack suspect tried to get an officer to shoot him; no shots were fired 

it was ricky and bubbles fucking around
Sessions to explain: what Americans did wrong that didn't get $300 million on their account. Why frail Corrupt got  $300 million? Server for adversaries to by secrets? Pakistani IT drained Dem Congress out of secrets. What industry inriched Corrupt? Illigal dreamers? Shoot higher
No one is talking about how YONGE is a major through-fare.  This is so tragic
yonge is one of the longest streets in the world.  What's your point ?
BREAKING: Per source this was an illegal assault van
Why would anyone need a van??
Who was the suspect?
You could probably have deduced that when the driver didn’t get out and say “Oh I’m sorry aboot that, eh”
OMG ban vans now!!!!!!!!   Call your congressional leader!!!!!
Dang... can't believe this happened in my sister's neighborhood. I spent years at Finch station and North York Centre Library.
And when it's announced that it wasn't a terror attack CNN will drop the story like a ton of bricks!
How is it not a terror attack? By its very nature it's a fucking terror attack.
Appears?
Yeah think?
Ban those vans in the whole country! Thank God we don’t live in such an awful place where ppl have the right to buy vans and drive them where ppl might be
Now if that starts happening here, after they screw us on guns. Well I hope when the death toll hasn’t fallen, we can blame something else.
Death of Western Civilization:

Diversity is our....................

Death of our children our culture!  

Trudeau has blood on his hands!

You're a racist Islamophobe if you do not want your children killed by Terrorists and live within a 7th century culture!
CNN... what are you going to do to protect that Narrative of yours?
No shit Sherlock! I'd say a van mounting a pavement and ploughing into everyone and everything in his sights is deliberate wouldn't you? My heart goes out to all those victims and their families. 
There have been instances where there was a medical emergency behind the wheel that causes the driver to lose control. Gas hit instead of break. But he fled. That's the red herring.
Toronto van carnage suspect identified
Look like older white man
i told ya all its jihadis of peaceful religion again...i m telling u boycott thiese jihadis...dont trade with them
Well yeah....it’s kinda obvious
Embrace the victims, prosecute the guilty, continue living free.
so sad
You guys are so quick on the uptake
Muslims will be proclaimed the real victims.
By an Asian(Muslim)
No shit CNN, now will you report his race or will you say man with "troubled mind".

Down with CNN folks, move over to @BreitbartNews if you want fair unbiased news.
Because race doesn't matter...did Charlotte teach you nothing?
What is the man's name and where did he come from?  Come on CNN.  Give us a damned apple.
All they have is a . A limp one at that.
omg @fargnolim
No kidding
#yaAli @Cristiano @JZarif @Madonna @shakira  @husrev_hatemi @Elifhevav
Shocking
We need "Van Control."
Duh
uh oh.. not good.. #toronto #van #crash
..
No, you must be kidding me
We know, because the dude was brown.
...did Charlotte teach you nothing?
The MSM never called him a terrorist, which is where I suspect this is going.
When his motive is known they will...unlike Trump the MSM are responsible.
If he’s white, they will never say that. Trump isn’t a whole lot more of a weasel than the media when it comes to terrorism.
He never commented on the white supremacist terrorist attack here in Canada last year...the MSM report facts not assumptions....or ignorant opinions.
And the MSM isn’t going to call him a terrorist either if he’s white.
Thanks, Sherlock!
