We need  Van Control.
We do, it’s called a driver license. And a license isn’t required to own a firearm in the US. The amount of time and effort it took him to do the damage was  way more than it would take with an AR with a 30 round mag. Your argument is weak af.
...did you just say you don’t need a gun license to have a gun? Either 1. You actually somehow believe you don’t need a license to purchase/own the weapons. Or 2. You don’t know about illegally driving vehicles..(without a license)
You do not need a license to purchase a gun through private sale....
So illegally then. Like how cocaine and heroine are sold?
Ridiculous argument. So what you’re getting at is we shouldn’t have laws because they’re made to be broken? Laughable. Laws deter crime.
Lol what
Lol wut?
Ban Vans! We have to stop mass vanning!
Gun are made to specifically kill or hurt people.

Cars are not made to specifically kill or hurt people. 

Cars are regulated as well. Maybe if we regulated guns like we do cars, we'd have less gun violence.
Guns are not made specifically for killing. Technically all they are doing is using a controlled explosion to propel an object forward. But they have a variety of uses such as sporting, hunting, self defense, collecting, historical purposes, etc.
Shhh don’t speak logic they don’t understand that.
Oh my bad. Maybe they'll understand this.

We need to ban high capacity gas tanks. Anything over 5 gallons is unnecessary. 

We should ban automatic transmissions. They make it easier to run people over.

More van free zones! That'll stop people from using vans.
Please take your "playing politics" and shove it.
Did you shove it when the word got out about this incident? 
Then why should I?
You and your kind were too busy playing the #BlameGame.
My kind? I'm not American and couldn't care less about your ridiculous two parties. This attack happened 10 km north of where I live. Have some respect.
Couldn't care less? Then why did you reply in the first place?
Because you are using our tragedy to launch political attacks. Just send your condolences and leave the fight for another day.
Like fascists like you only send condolences when the attacker turns out to be a Muslim!
You're clearly not thinking like a normal person and see fascists in everyone. Have a nice day!
BAN VANS.
Fully semi automatic transmission
It's amazing how quickly the #maga folks and right wing media lost interest in this story when the attacker was revealed to be a white guy.

It's almost as if they're... deplorable islamaphobic racists.
It's amazing how fast the left stop caring about any story not involving a rifle.
Exactly right! If it doesn’t fit their narrative, white man with a gun they are very hush hush about it. Fake media
Instead of yelling let’s ban vans let’s imagine the man was able to leap out of the van with an AR-15. Many more would be dead
You know you can get an AR-15 in Canada right?
Yep highly controlled and limited to 5 rounds before being reloaded. Funny how when you make it more difficult to get guns people use them less in crimes huh
Lmao you know the clips have a metal pin in them right? That can easily be removed, surely someone looking to kill people wouldn’t dare break the law
Ok then let’s focus on the highly regulated part. Or we could look at the facts in how they aren’t used constantly in crimes in Canada but are here. Or we could ignore facts so that you’re opinion is right
Criminals can get anything
Then surely these guns must be used by all Canadian criminals. But they aren’t. Not all criminals are masterminds with a knowledge of the black market. They can’t all see a sting operation by police. If someone is going to commit a crime they will find a way. Why make it easy
Is this considered #Terrorism? I would say it is, but has that been properly confirmed yet at all?
They won’t consider it terrorism. He said he did it because he was frustrated with women because he couldn’t get laid. He posted a Facebook rant about it and hailed that guy who went on a shooting spree in California because he couldn’t get laid.
If you are going to report Canadian news then get it right and don't leave holes you cannot fill. Like this (But a US law enforcement official with knowledge of the case said Minassian was known to authorities.) Show who said it and prove he was right.
i think they need to have a 3 day waiting period for truck rentals
Did your parents have any children who aren't #ASSHOLES ?
how can this get likes this is awful
We in Canada do not agree with this type of reporting. There is no evidence in Canada this is true.
Prayers for everybody effected by this horrible attack! Such a tragedy! May the victims rest in peace! My heart goes out to the families and friends of the victims, also those injured and their families and friends!
Notice how in Canada he’s taken alive to stand trial for his crimes. Superior police work.
The guy deserves to be sentenced to life imprisonment.
Oh--yeah.  We wouldn't want to execute him--that'd be barbaric.  Feeding a killer on tax payer dime--while crazy women write him love letters--that's progress!
Took the words right out of my mouth. I’m pretty sure this person is just trying to get attention though by saying life is prison
Armenia and Armenians seem to be in global headlines these past 2 days.
He’s no Armenian to us. He’s Canadian.
Ryder has blood on theirs hands with this incident
How is this ryders fault? Are they supposed to be psychic? If your business is renting out trucks, and the person is legally allowed to rent one, how are they supposed to know their intentions? It’s ridiculous to blame anybody but the driver
Could you not tell it was a joke tweet because that’s what the left screams at firearm companies every time a shooting happens
Hang the cocksucker
No terrorism charges means he is not a Muslim, had the man been a Muslim he would have been booked under terrorism charges even without a single injury
Stop with the victim bullshit.  Abdulahi Hasan Sharif stabbed a policeman & plowed his rental truck into pedestrians in Edmonton, Canada in 2017. An ISIS flag was found in his car. No terrorism charges have been laid. He is a Somali muslim. So stop it.
Us Canadians may get scolded & shamed  into silence & acceptance, but what you’re not gonna do is act like some sort of damn victim.
You didn't need to talk about this story on every tv show you air, especially knowing there is so much more stuff going on in THIS COUNTRY!  Start reporting on what is really going on in Washington DC, let people know what is really going on! Car accidents happen daily in USA.
Canadian Justice system verdict will be.."Not guilty by reason of insanity".  Guy will be walking the streets in a couple years.
Ban all vans....
Canada should also charge him with a million volts of electricity but they won't. Only the victims & their families get death sentences & lifetimes of mourning & recovery.
Plowing/ mowing. Nice words for the families of the murdered. Spring is here and lawns need mowing. We plow the ground to plant Springs seeds of Democracy.
Run his ass over. See how he likes it.
Look at that stat line
I’m all for killing this guy for what he did but he deserves a slow, painful death after doom this. Even if just putting a bullet him would save time and money.
But it’s still not terrorism ... lol CNN is pathetic
Do you know the definition of terrorism? It’s for a religious or political agenda
The guy was searching how to kill a lot of people and sympathized with Isis .Sounds to me like someone is trying to influence society .
I said they called it too fast in Toronto. The same day? Didn’t even do an investigation. I doubt Canada would even be totally truthful to its citizens anyways. They don’t want people to hate Trudeau more than they already do
Which is is what I would call some very serious crimes to withhold information from civilians just because it revealed Trudeau as the ignorant fool he is .
So did it come out he did have ties with Isis then? I’m sorry I wasn’t sure I understood in your first comment. If so the media is hiding this
They have his internet search history . Weather he was in contact with them I don’t know but he definitely sympathized and wanted to make a statement.
Thanks for writing back..yea I don’t trust the media to tell us the truth these days. US and Canada both want our countries overrun with immigrants for votes 
In Canada...15 years minus time for good behaviour?
The attacker is a non-muslim white guy. Nice try.
What were his motives ?
Seems like the guy just woke-up someday (today) and decided to plow a van into pedestrians. 

No motives so far. No documented allegiance with any terror group. The guy was practically 'invisible' until today...
look up "incel"  I had no idea it was a thing until now but appears to be at least partly linked to motive
How about putting his head in a noose instead?
Nice picture, yeesh.
Why don’t you move to the US then. Canadians news get facts before they broadcast
Canadians lie to their people to fit their agenda
I’m sorry, you must have us confused with your president
Lol that’s just your opinion, which has no basis in reality. Your president isn’t keeping your country, he’s keeping white people safe. So continue your racist hatred against anyone whose skin isn’t white.
So very wrong. He doesn’t care if people come to our country as long as they come legally and go through the right avenues. My ex husband was Hispanic and my daughter is mixed, so don’t start that white shit with me. Even immigrants want people here legally
This would be an example of the CNN Broken news mentioned at the corresoondent's dinner last night. Suspect NOT known to police. USA law enforcement knows nothing about this.  The only terrorism here is cnn reporting.
Quit charging people , just execute
Just be glad it wasn't full of explosives.
Ryder ready! Nra just dropped  business  ties with new mass killer.
Will there be a March protesting the use and sale of vans?
A U.S. Law enforcement official who has knowledge of the case?    What kind of law enforcement official would give that information to the press?  Look forward to reading your retraction soon.
please, he is not a man. Call him what he really is. A cowardly pos
Islamaphobic bigots.  I demand he be let go.  Allah ackbar!
Ban vans, ban automatic vans, march for life. Sois belle et tais-toi
А номера то донецкие!
#EnoughIsEnough #RiseUP #JoinUS for a #PeacefulProtest on #MayDay
Does Canada have the death penalty
No we don’t
MACRON VULGARIS CLONE OF TRUMP IS AS DANGEROUS FOR PEACE AND JUSTICE ALL OVER THE WORLD WITHOUT ANY MORAL VALUE AND HATED BY FRENCH PEOPLE!
How is life & it experiences failing this individual and others like him so badly?
“Man” ?  Who is he? Where did he come from? Why all the secrecy?
No good reason for anyone to drive an assault van. Time for comprehensive van control! Yes, that’s how stupid it sounds.
This man must rot in jail.
What is wrong with pondering on this contention?
Canada has tough gun law's.
Can semi automatic vans.
"Man" <= #AllahuManbar
I bet he won't have any bond set...as that is the right thing to do

Alison Mack Update. 
Trafficking of Children by Force or Coercion.
Trafficking of Children by Force, Fraud,  or Coercion.
Slavery, Involuntary Servitude, Human Trafficking.…
ml.
What a COWARD!

I thought that van aerial disease had been eradicated years ago.
But that’s racist.
I hate to break this to you but... You're barking up the wrong tree.

The attacker wasn't a Muslim and neither did he have an allegiance with a terror organization.
I thought ISIS is on the run  according to #OrangeTurdStain #DonaldTrump! #Canada
How do you know if this was planned by ISIS?
How do you know he's not? I sure know that's their tactic.
Speculation. I have no use for that. If he's affiliated with ISIS it'll be proven. Also, ISIS didn't claim him as their fighter which they normally do very quickly.
#ISISNOTISLAM
Love how instead of sending out your condolences you feel it necessary to post this whenever a terrorist attack happens. Really find it quite unusual
AliunWaliullah
