@JohnKasich is a embarrassment to the Republican Party and the state of Ohio
In fairness, the Republican Party is a embarrassment to the United States. I don’t know that there is a handful of Republicans who are actually respectable and decent at this current juncture.
Seriously?
Yes. Go Cubs!
What's embarrassing is you, Johnny, and the immaturity of the left...with every post, you create another conservative...carry on!
Johnny you’ve got serious power to convert people.  though I always thought every time Johnny tweets an angel gets its wings.
Thank you for your kind words. It is much appreciated. You’re the best Dave
He is totally out of touch w/electorate.
For those of us that live in Ohio, I can safely say we are thrilled his term is up!
Forget that-you are toast! It started with how you governed ur ppl then you are a never Trumper & were so disrespectful! We dont forget! AG Bill Schute is running against u & hell win!
Kasich was just awful, when we helped elect @realDonaldTrump he got angry- can’t wait to say goodbye.
The Republican party doesn't want to come back to you, good luck.
John kasich is so full of himself he's ready to burst...he is part of the filthy swamp we are trying to drain.  Things are going quite nicely thank you..last thing we need is the swamp (kasich) taking us back into the hole TRUMP has dug us out of.
Ohio doesn't want him back, republicans don't want him back, nobody wants him! So, what in the Sam hill are you during in politices!
What is the Republican Party now with Trump? What does it represent? Not sure you can bring it back to its past glory
Strong. Conservitive values.  Lower taxes. Stronger military. And we don't want to go back to weak.
I just stopped at conservative values, 
Is this a game where you pick teams?  You hear conservative and turn off? Open your mind.
My mind is open to a new conservative party cause this Republican Party ain’t representing conservative values no more
I agree about that but I'm not sure who you think ideally embodies conservative values.  Allot of republicans thought Bush was a conservative.  I never really viewed trump as a conservative but more of a pragmatist.  Those claiming conservative rarely are these days.
Maybe we don’t want that party back John. #cleanhouse
Dear John, the Republican Party kicked you out at the primary polls.  Take the hint.
Can't wait to see him waste millions of Soros money to lose the election. 
Even Ohioans won't vote for him.
Please let John Kasich know we don't want that party back. And please let @ananavarro know the Republican party left her too. They both need to remove the Rs from behind their names.
He's right, the party did leave him... We the People don't like where he stands on what is best for America.... We don't want the RINOS party...by one way or another sounds menacing - 
So go ahead and run in 2020, you're free to do so.

Just don't bother crying when you get the same treatment as last time.
Don’t let the door...
And dont forget, Kasich was ok with delegates voting for him at republican nomination even though he won only his own state. Good thing it never got to that!
Talk about being out of touch. @JohnKasich is a RINO in every sense.
Go home Kasich not many wanted you in 16 nothing has changed
That's the sound of the swamp draining. You are irrelevant Kasich.
TRUMP 2020!
@JohnKasich You been napping for almost 2 yrs.??  We REJECTED YOU Just like Old Hildebeast!  We didn't VOTE REPublic WE VOTED DONALD TRUMP as @POTUS  You are not wanted by us and we will continue to REJECT YOU!
What a joke. No one likes you Kasich.
Forget leaving the party. Leave the country instead. Please!!!!
John Kasich sounds like Jim Comey .. the hero in all his own stories. 

John - you are nothing outside of Ohio.
Not many voters liked your weak message last time, Mr. Kasich. But OK... run on the empty promises of the old Republicans. It's only other people's money, right?
Wonder how much the Soros-Clinton syndicate is paying him.  They hate him in his home state of Ohio.    #Cuck
Yes we do! @JohnKasich wouldn't win any race again here in Ohio.  He couldn't even attend the Republican national convention in Cleveland because of his hate toward Pres. Trump. Not 1 person I've talked to say they'd vote for him again for ANYTHING! #RINO
He’s a democrat and been a democrat. He can move we ain’t going anywhere. The Republican Party he want is the party that kisses democrat ass.
Well.. I’ve been asking that question since they nominated @realDonaldTrump for president.. but hey .. The @GOP where happy with him.. when have they ever been wrong.. #AmJoy

@JohnKasich does not represent the American People. or #AmericaFirst

#JohnKasich represents #RINOs #Soros funded #Globalist establishment!
One thing that John Kasich can bank on is this.  The bitter Ohio governor will never be elected POTUS.
@GOP
No @JohnKasich, we really did leave you... at the voting booth.  How could you possibly miss those Dear John numbers?

#CNNSOTU
LOL that old GOP is dead Kasich. Get over it.
Remember everyone @JohnKasich took a stand down payout from #HillaryClinton. He is for sale at every corner, before the turns. #Wikileaks #PodestaEmails #Fact
Douche bag !
Bullshit. Kasich is Not a Republican. Never was. Just another Democrat infiltrating the opposition in an attempt 2 push the Dems Agenda as "Reasonable Compromise" Until Our Republic was gone. No More. We must Break the Democrats Globalist Agenda.
Its called peacocking, Kasich is now a meme. 

The #neverTrump crowd are still lost at sea in international waters while Trump is MAGA.
Bye bye globalist Rino!! 
John Kasich - I will teach you how to lose again.
John Kasich

Really? John Kasich doing the bidding for the Deep State damage control... and grade school irony here considering the Democrat Party is slipping into the abyss...

I think it's safe to say The Establishment thinks the American public are complete morons
Dear John, 

We don't want you back. 

Best wishes, 

The Republican Party
Kasich is just another member of the deep state
GOOD LUCK with that Governor. I voted for you but the very rich and the ignorant racist people in the Republican party wanted an insulting conman. The GOP is now the POD the Party of Deplorables.
No thanks John. We like what trump is doing for the republican party !  Fighting back. Speaking the truth. Conservitive values. Low taxes. Strong military.
I didn’t realize that “conservative values” included cheating on your wife with porn stars, laundering money for the Russian mob and cyber bullying.  You learn something new every day.
He could not even spell “conservative”.
Typical lib. No facts just name calling. Sad.
Time will tell.
The GOP left you and WON big!!!.  All you can do is bring back losing. #MAGA
Thanks but no thanks..nobody asked you to "help".  You're ship has sailed and you're overboard just trying to stay afloat.  MAGA is going great without you so just step aside
@JohnKasich You’d probably do better with the Democrats at this point! You embarrassed yourself for hanging around as long as you did. Let’s be honest:  We. Don’t. Want. You. Got it 
Oh  - so we're still pretending that @JohnKasich is relevant outside of Ohio?
Ol' 1-for-41 Kasich
We #Citizens can not stomach Gov $JohnKasich  he is ac wolf in sheep clothing ... become a democrat it fits more for your policies .. or just go away ...   you pretty much make conservative sick ..  #Truth
We NEED more people like John Kasich in public service.
Good luck with that, loser! We're sick and tired of you neo-cons, they're just as bad as the Democrats!
John, wait, 
Kasich is  Delusional
Kasich couldn’t mange a 7/11, because he’s stuck in his own mind and outta touch with people.... he sacrificed his own beliefs because of his hatred for Trump....
Good luck with that
Nobody likes youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
@JohnKasich We left you for good reason. Just get back in the buffet line. This is Trump’s Party and you’re not invited. #Trump2020 
None of us are anti immigrant, we are however anti illegal alien. Don't break into my house then expect me to like it, not gonna happen.
John Kasich, how original. You couldn't come up with an New idea. How pathetic. You have been governor in Ohio and all you did was sit on your Duff and Do absolutely nothing. Good Lord You could be a Democrat.
You have been governor in Ohio for 8 years.  I live here, no one railroaded you out. You chose to sit back and do nothing for the Great People of Ohio.
Kasich truly seems like a good guy. Truly would have been a better alternative than Trump or Hillary
NEVER, Kasich is nothing but a RINO, another John McCain! #MAGA #DrainTheSwampOfRINOs
John Kasich, a disgruntled Governor who didn’t get his way 
Isn't he "U.S. Ambassador to the International House of Pancakes?"

Jar Jar Kasich didn't appear in Return of the Jedi
If Kasich is Jar Jar,
this is Trump.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHCyDxxXog4 …

(For the record: Kasich is most like Qui-Gon Jinn.)
In case you need some help understanding the comparison (or getting to know Kasich's character by way of simile-generalization):
It wasn’t that long ago that President Trump gave this doofus the tag: Pancake man
Because that worked out SOOOO well for him in 2016...SMDH! 
No dude, the Republican party didn't accomplish a thing and it's just another version of the Democrats. You're clueless about what we the people really want. That's why you got barely 3%
Who is @JohnKasich again?
@JohnKasich Good bye, see ya, don't let the door hit you where good Lord split you. #GOPjustgotstronger #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
They left you for a reason. Ok a lot of reasons. Very good reasons.
Why is he saying the Republican Party is anti-immigrant and anti-trade?
It’s exactly the opposite.
Pro LEGAL immigration and Pro FAIR trade.
Is the guy a liar or just stupid?
Based on where he is and who he’s talking to, likely a some of both.
Yes, the Republicans left you...take the hint.
Oh wow.. he just left.. so he gonna be Independent.. #AmJoy
You’re right John the Republican Party has left you for good reason All this party ideology pretense arguments are hog wash! True having sound ideas & belief system is good but U RINO’s R puppets to UR master following their beliefs & the flavor of the month Ur all corrupt! #MAGA
Go eat your pancakes John and leave the Republican Party alone.
I’d vote for Hillary before this clown. At least she’s honest about her plans to destroy the country.
Sounds like Kasich stole that quote from @therealroseanne
I voted for him in the primary. However he lost me as a follower when he refused to attend his own party’s convention in the state he governs
@JohnKasich Bye, don’t let the door hit you on your way out. GOP is back to the grand old party, the Lincoln’s party, the party of the true conservatives. That is a good thing.
J.K. get a life and move on...
Did you all forget, nobody wanted to vote for the #SonOfAMailman? He’s a loser...
The Republican party is not anti immigrant the Republican party is anti-illegal immigrant
John Kasich is a pissed off loser. Just like the libs.
He is all that’s wrong with the party. 
So how does @JohnKasich think he is gonna make it better. 
We have the WH, Congress, Senate. 

In what way does traitor Kasich think he will do better than @realDonaldTrump 

Maybe John will be @KamalaHarris VP 
Go Nap John 
The 2016 primaries are over and Kasich still hasn't dropped out.
FNN
Governor, I respect you.  But the GOP has proven that it cannot recover from the infection of Trumpism. It is irretrievably lost. It is time for Republicans who still believe in the rule of law, the defense of our nation, and the principles of the founders to form a new party.
Did I also tell you my Dad was a mailman?
Let's see- around 20K times, Susie. @GiGi73647891 @izonorion71 @MTReserved @Tabasc0NGinger @coratagge @Ranger3079 @RamBoPirate @DougFurdak @KStiffers
Actually don’t ever come back, you will never be welcome @JohnKasich, your political career is over better get a job CNN
No, no u aren’t Johnny. You’ve become part of the problem, not the solution. I’d agree @POTUS doesn’t always put his best foot forward. His body of work is far more Conservative than the likes of u & your ilk. He’s accomplished a hellava lot already. He’s had to carry the party.
LOL! What a joke! @JohnKasich @GiGi73647891 @izonorion71 @MTReserved @Tabasc0NGinger @coratagge @Ranger3079 @RamBoPirate @DougFurdak @KStiffers
And something about Ohio will come in there too... and his dad, the postman...
Why does the State of the Union Tapper hour always have the same weak out of touch politicians on over and over?
Narrative ...it's all about narrative ...content kills the story line
@JohnKasich - Not that it matters but you just gained a lot more respect from me! Not that agree with all your views but appreciate you standing up against the current state of the union
Some GOP lawmakers should not have backed @realDonaldTrump in 2016 either. Shame on those that did!
Please tell me he's not running for President.
Those in the middle makes the difference
I believe that but I do not think many people in your country share that belief
“Take it from wiser Eisenhower, Trump going to kill GOP party for hurting the 80% of people well being” #Butta
@JohnKasich tell us if you're such a steadfast Republican why did you take Soros money in OH primaries. You're just another globalist elitist who is owned and paid for by George Soros and the left. @jaketapper maybe if you were a journalist you would have asked John about that
Republicans aren’t anti immigrant we are anti illegal immigrant. Big difference
Kasich was once a true conservative.  Now nothing more but a RINO.  Part of the establishment that needs changing.  Hope he would simply retire.
Isn’t Kasich still standing on the debate stage??
We need to get money out of politics, make PAC committees illegal, term limits, and limit time for running for office to 9 months, gerrymandering out.  That’s a good start moving forward.
We don't want you back. The GOP is returning to the people.
Dear John,

The general Republican voter didn't like your idea of what a Republican means. You are too centrist & don't hold true republican values. That's why the Republican party has been losing in recent decades. They keep leaving conservatism, so people stop voting for them.
Jake Crapper and John Kasich. Someone please flush the toilet, It's full of you know what.
Historic low unemployment, in particular black & hispanic; historic tax cuts helping middle class; massive deregulation; Corporations moving money back to America; illegal immigration being addressed; ISIS on the run, Korean Penninsula at peace.  Tell us again why we need you?
Hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha FAKE NEWS CNN FAKE PEOPLE NO CREDIBILITY CORRUPT NO JOURNALISTIC INTEGRITY
Deep State candidate that couldn't carry any flag. Never vote for this loser
Umm hey Kasich you lost for a reason . Go away .
Given your debate performances and eventual 4th place finish in the primary, you stand a chance! 
The only candidate I backed for 2017, only one who stood out as a humanitarian, a professional, a true American politician, experienced, wise, and truly good. For Gods sake get the evil out of the greatest seat of power on earth and put this wonderful gentleman in. Respect
I just threw up in my mouth

I really don't care who left who, just so long as he is gone, forever.

Surprised to see so many trumptards following  real news
Ummm, @JohnKasich is going to need votes to do that.  He didn't get any the first time and he won't get any the next.
In your dreams John, in your dreams!
The Republican Party left you @JohnKasich because you're a self-serving idiot and no one likes you. You embarrassed yourself & the country with your behavior in the primaries and your disrespect of your own state in Cleveland. GO AWAY & eat pancakes.
We're not interested in you preserving the swamp! Trump is draining it one creature at a time. Get lost Kasich.
Then he should change parties or go independent. It is not his party. Time to move on, Gov. Kasich.
Mr. Irrelevant @JohnKasich talks to Fake News Jake in a laughable display of stupidity. Hey John, NO ONE WANTS YOU BACK, and you couldn’t lead a fly to a hamburger.
Kick dotard out first!
Good luck @JohnKasich - you're sure gonna need it with that #Cheeto running around!  You would have been my #Republican pick if I weren't a #Democrat! 
Please do so @JohnKasich  I think you’re pretty damn incredible and would have voted for you if the GOP was smarter than what they present.
I used to vote a straight Republican ticket. Was a big Reagan fan. But they lost me on healthcare. Right now Kasich is the only Republican I could vote for. Both of these parties have been hijacked by extremists.
We left you and we don't want you back ,stay away from us we are doing great without you Mr K
Why didn’t anyone ask specifically what the GOP did to give Kasich that opinion. I think you’ll find he was never a ‘conservative.’

Oh for GODS sake do we have to deal with him again?
@JohnKasich need to live with it... @realDonaldTrump #POTUS
No thank you!
Actually Republican voters left you.
We are not "our father's Republicans". This is simple really, stick to the basics. 
1. End corruption (Multi-millionaire after 20yrs gov't service. Huh?) 
2. Stay out of our lives and our pockets as much as possible 
3. Uphold the U.S. Constitution and our laws
4. Keep us safe
John Kasich is a Rhyno that will never get our votes. You showed us your true colors and now you see our RED, WHITE and BLUE. Not You!!
Low energy John
@JohnKasich 
The worst candidate Soros' money can buy.
I’m Spartacus!     I’m Spartacus!        I’m Ronald Reagan err Spartacus!
Trump broke him...
Try this again...Dear Media; please stop feeding the stray. It will just keep coming back for food and attention if you do.
Go @JohnKasich , go!

Someone needs to represent the good, hardworking people of this country. The extreme #Left and #right have controlled the narrative for far to long.

You and @JeffFlake need to help us take #America back!!!!
LOL

No return address, DO NOT RETURN TO SENDER.
No you’re not @JohnKasich. I’d vote democrat over you any day!!! #ohiodeservesbetter
Go away John
Lmfao  

Yes, 
@JohnKasich and @CNN will “save” the Republican Party and snatch it from the jaws of victory. 

...the fk out of here with that...
We love John Kasich
Lol! No, sorry John we left you. And you can stay out!
These hard core republican believe tgavTrump is their republican Jesus. You are really delusional if you think that Trump is a Republican , if you do . You really need help and I have a bridge to sell you
You never were a republican. You were a rino
Kasich is a Dumbocrat.. zero chance of being elected!
Why have @JohnKasich on? Seriously, no one cares what he has to say.
I can't imagine caring.
Stay out Kasich, the GOP does not want you.  Remember your primary results?  You tanked.
He fell in with the democrats, his Republican party is gone
Adios, Son Of Mailman
Same

This guy makes Jeb look like a Mensa member. He's no more Republican than Kucinich or Hickenlooper.
Kasich voted for Clinton.
He’s absolutely right.
I never liked Kasich before but I am gaining a new respect for him as time goes on.

It is amazing to discover which R's are principled and which are not. It's not who I thought it would be before Trump came along.
https://www.gofundme.com/alices-village 

KOMO CHANNEL 4 NEWS 
Wednesday 6:45pm on Channel 4 or on Facebook see a segment about our family with Erik Johnson. 

Please please share. Even if you aren't able to donate a share is completely free,  but could change our lives. Thank you so much.
Haha nope would never vote for you
Run Governor run!! We need you @JohnKasich
Don't crash the party !
@JohnKasich #idiot 
Trumps for the Same things you want! He is just leveling the Playing field for the USA
@desertdawg
That's a Republican
Uh-huh
Ask @JohnKasich to admit his stance on abortion while he jokes about a presidential run in 2020. Ask him to denounce cop murder which is domestic terrorism and hate crimes committed by blacks against whites which is RACISM.
I'll help...
Is he going to bring Jesus back too?
RT @cnnbrk: Ohio Gov. John Kasich: “I didn’t leave the Republican Party. The Republican ... https://twitter.com/i/web/status/990583810780692480 …
The GOP upsets
Old person stuck in old politics,swamp rat.Someone should tell him his time has passed his ideas don't work and don't matter anymore in Trump Nation.
CNN... your Ted Turner what's to limit the people of the world to only 2.5 billion. Just how would he do that?
Kasich forgot to wait for the other character to leave the scene before he added that menacing button.
This guy has turned into i total joke...
Kasisch doesn't fit in the Republican Party Period but he is no Democrat as well. Once you see how he has treated women and the poor he is just like any other republican just has manners while he stabs you in the back.
Go away.
Pretty sure that statement is true for both party's Gov. It's the independent that determines the difference but with agenda on both sides so leaned the decision to vote is either way is crucial to the country. Dems cud win big if they present agenda independents can embrace.
He’s worse than Trump...
Kasich is Swamp creature we don't need in DC. Hopefully Ohio will wake up to vote his ass out!
We'll see!
I like him, And I'm a Democrat.  I knew we were losing, And I begged Republicans to vote for him. But Noooo! We got Trump instead. I hope they're happy.
Hey Pizza face, go see a dermatologist. #MAGA
He has to find new votes, because a huge portion of his state is dying from overdoses and he isn't doing a thing to help them
Kasich should marry @Rosie. They can eat their way into oblivion
Kasich was funded by the Rothschilds.

He was NEVER conservative
News flash no one wants you as president or even dog catcher
Kasich is a nobody wanting to be famous, but is a ridiculous old man on his way out.  He is only a hater because everyone hates him.  Go away Kasich and realize you have no chance in politics.
Taking a page out of Hillary’s book. Can’t these people just go away?
