Do you let unknown persons off the street have a vote on your family's big decisions in your home?
Absolutely nothing wrong with this law should be the law for the entire country
Great news!  Hold voters accountable to be who they say they are And stop illegal voting for demorats
We have so many illegals in this country we need to ensure only citizens who are registered to vote can vote.
  This is a non issue.
Anyone who is a citizen has an ID. To get Federal Aid, to get a library card, you need a pic ID. What’s the big deal?
Damn
In Philadelphia it's near impossible to do anything without ID. There should be an affordable option like it use to be years ago. Or make voter registration cards with a photo. A $260 passport shouldn't be required as a second ID either.
TRUMP AIN'T SHIT !
. Don’t Mess With TEXAS 
I really don’t understand why we would allow anyone without an ID to vote. I can’t be the only one
New voter ID law , you must be white and have money !
If someone isn’t responsible enough, can’t find the time, or is just too lazy to get an ID then they shouldn’t be voting anyway. Why would we want someone that can’t even perform a basic remedial task picking a leader.
@LeaRenee21 Don't forget your id when voting.
The problem however has collateral damage, im certain counted as such, in that it can effect the elderly as well, though its target is obviously poor and disenfranchised who happen to be disproportionately black and brown ppl ...who just happen not to vote for them
Its just a solution to a different problem. Introduced, of COURSE by (R) Govenors, and backed by (R) statehouses. (R)’s have a difficult time getting certain pl to vote for them, so it’d be better if said ppl just weren’t able to vote at all.
Not to mention the FACT that this is a solution without a problem.
This is one of those issues that completely exposes the innate privilege of white people and obliviousness many of you have to the realities of others. We truly live in two very different America’s. More than than the ignorance is the arrogance inside it
Wonderful!
Well, looks like libs will lose some illegal votes this year. Bummer for them.
Why do I think those on here supporting ID requirements to insure an honest election, are the same that deem the Russian influence no big deal. Hypocrites.

We need volunteers to track who and how many voters are turned away due to lack of “acceptable” ID.
Great, If your not a CITIZEN then your not an AMERICAN.

Amerikkkan courts

We need an ID for everything else, so “what difference does it make”.
A good result.  All states should have voter ID laws.  Need to restore integrity to our democracy and our elections
Good, we need an ID for just about everything else!  And we don’t want any illegals voting in Texas, do we CNN?
This country will never be a great as it can be until the Civil War is ended in the hearts, minds, and acts of all its people!
Dems will never allow that.  Racist to the core.
Illegals can still vote they have drivers licenses
Ask the 3 million that did in Cali.
I don’t buy that people have no ID. You need an ID to even get food-stamps or welfare. Democrats just want to have the ability to cheat in elections.
On the nose!
I don’t buy that people have no ID. You need an ID to even get food-stamps or welfare. Democrats just want to have the ability to cheat in elections.
Agreed.
@thejusticedepartment just leaked that it is investigating that @fbiwfo with Rod Rosensteins approval paid Fusion GPS $1 Mill to produce the Adm Jackson dossier that @jontester  the MOLESTER gave to @cnn to defame @potus VA Secretary apointee
Good news...voter ID laws MUST be enforced! Nothing wrong with it.
Instead of wasting time fight, how about getting Americans a government ID. How is it possible for an American not have ID? DNC spend money to get this people what they need.
And at a bank to get money too
I have to show a ID to by beer so what's the problem with showing it to vote
Hell yeah baby
Cheating Republicans with their cheating Texas Judges because if they don't cheat they know it will turn blue,doesn't really matter Cruz the loser Trump butt kisser makes Texas red or blue look bad, GOP's cheating to get votes looks bad enough.
Don’t get all these complaints. I have to show ID for just about everything else so why not when you go vote?
Liberals need to get clue and not find an excuse for everything.
I’m pretty liberal and I agree we need to ID voters. Stop with the hate
Texas is a cesspool, and i wish the inbreeders would secede like theyve threatened to do hundreds of times.
TERRORIST ATTACK IN CURITIBA, BRAZIL
Should be a federal law
All states need voter id laws! Only way to guarantee citizens only voting
Even the poorest countries in the world have Voter ID laws while in California you can vote with a pictureless cellphone bill.
Way to go Dems, way to go...
I've had a ss card from age 1 driving license since 16 . When I was younger had to show my I'd  to buy beer .  Voting is more important then buying beer so should you have to prove who you are in order to vote
Good ....with no I'd I could go vote in every town city state ...your #idiots  if you think otherwise
The problem is GERRYMANDERING.
#3MillionMore
Democrats can't win a legitimate election. Even with liberal Obama judges blocking Voter ID
You know why?? Because strange things happening in California. They are systematically  destroying American laws & culture in California.
To allow ppl voting without ID is to invite fraudulent votes openly, the worst of all, you can't even trace the fraudulent activities.
I don't know if any civilized countries around world would allow ppl to vote without ID? Even Mexico has strict voting ID requirements!!
Too bad they can’t enforce their child support laws. They owe me $51K  and no one will help. 
I think EVERYONE of voting age should have an ID. I believe most people have one by 18. You need one nowadays:
at the Bank
Doctor's office
to drive a car
to buy Claritan-D 
to pick up certain prescribed drugs
when/if you write a check
at Dept of Social Services
Photo Identification is how we can tell who you are folks! Common sense prevents people from voting twice or at all folks!

Secret Service says it has no record of having to intervene with Ronny Jackson during a 2015 POTUS trip: http://secretservice.gov/data/press/rel … 
Once you get beyond the corrupt liberal judges the Constitution is a real thing.

I.D.s should be a requirement for all federal elections. I doubt there are many people who do not have one and attempt to vote... unless illegally here.
Did you know Mexico has voter ID cards?
Why is it so difficult to show some ID?  This is not 1960, every tom, dick, Lucy, and Harry has some means of ID.  If not, the state will issue one, FREE!!!  Get a life, fight something that has some depth...
Prevents rigging of an election I like it
Complaints about this are so stupid, you need an ID for everything!
Great idea to prevent voter fraud!
Making it more difficult for dems to cheat the elections....the left is going to hate that
If you have nothing to hide, voting multiple times, dead people voting, illigals voting then this is nothing to even blink about. Gotta show id to buy beer, get a job ect. It's the law so follow it! Liberals, so about entitled any inconvenient law.
It doesn't make sense to allow people to vote with no id how do you know if that person is allowed to vote you don't a big problem here in Canada no id no vote end of story why should a Mexican vote in the US they shouldn't but Dems like them votes so they will fight for this
Finally, a court makes a logical decision. During the 2016 election, investigators in Texas determined that in only one small county, there were hundreds of illegal votes that were cast. Only legal citizens get to vote. What's the big deal?
Thats a call out to @TheDemocrats down in TX. Gab your "Red Bull" and a friend to chat with in line. But GET OUT AND VOTE!!!!!!!
Trump 2020
So just another way to enforce voter suppression. When will all this stop?
If you have nothing to hide, voting multiple times, dead people voting, illigals voting then this is nothing to even blink about. Gotta show id to buy beer, get a job ect. It's the law so follow it! Liberals, so entitled about any inconvenient law.
Let's get out there and help people get their ID so they can vote! They hit us, we hit back harder
That's what you should have done to begin with.
Texas soon to be 1st State to require $1,000.00 payment to vote. What's next ??? evidence you were once a congressional committee chairman.
we’ve had to show ID here in Indiana for as long as I’ve been voting and that was Clintons first run. No one seems to have a problem voting or doing any of the other multitudes of things you need an ID for
minorities aren’t intelligent enough to get IDs?
Ok
Finally common sense prevails.
This should be used across america.
Michigan has required it for years.  Never a problem.
No surprise. The Russian/GOP have taking the voter’s rights away. There is no path to democracy left.
Texas or North Korea ? No difference on voting, meaningless
It only makes sense
This dummy blocked me cause I called her out on her bigotry towards old and disabled people. She’s probably on her way to @Starbucks to tell blacks they can’t do everything thing she can
I'd say a easily a full third of the users on twitter are either bots or professional shills . Don't take it personally that she suffers from the bigotry of low expectations.
WTF
Awesome. Our most precious right must be protected from ID fraud. This is a great thing. No one should be against this. It's crazy to be against this.
DISGUSTING!!!!

Illegals cost us $113 Billion dollars a year. Remove them and the wall pays for itself. Just like Trump said, the Mexicans will pay for it, they just didn’t realize they would have to leave in order to make that happen. 
Si
Need Voter Id laws in America, to many illegals in the country, Its the only way to prevent illegal voting. The dems resist Id laws to encourage illegal voting, their argument is POC wont be able to vote, my argument is if you're to stupid to get an Id, you dont deserve to vote.
Good.
#petty
Good
And I just saved 15% on my auto insurance!
Sweet!
It's not over.
Peace in Korea... soon Nobel peace prize
What are they going to do now? No more voting 10 times or if you are dead only 3 times. About bloody time, do it for the whole country. Imagine an election result that is real!
Please provide evidence of your claims. If you don't have evidence, stop spreading lies.
Good. Need an ID for almost everything else important; should to vote too.
It's getting harder to be one of those proud Texan jerks. Please remember Governor Ann...
My apologies for much since.
Maybe if they fired a "few missiles less" across different places of the world, they would have the money to invest in getting EVERYONE proper IDs.  #USA
Maybe people could get jobs and get their own ID...
What can I say, it’s Texas.
People who are crying about equality are afraid because Dems cannot win in an honest election. Everyone has an ID nowadays. It’s a necessary part of life. Further, this fear mongering BS from the left is derived from fake news. Voter ID will ensure a fair and democratic election.
Ted Cruz will use his Canadian birth certificate as ID
Great news

Add it to the list of ways Republicans are suppressing votes to stay in office. Can’t win fairly. We must stop these attacks against a truly democratic process of the people electing their representatives. #VoterID
That map is wrong Mn is Democrat.
The map illustrates gerrymandered states. Feel free to click on the moment & read the articles within.
Yup this stinks like Ted Cruz!
Was the Governor actually. Just mindlessly blaming the first Republican you can think of seems like a solid strategy though. 

Lol
Voter suppression, pure and simple. If it’s wrong, change it.
How is it suppression ?
Not enough room on Twitter. When you accept gun cards and not student ID.  Requiring an ID that I have to pay for. Remember poll taxes? Where is the evidence that there is voter fraud? This is simply there for suppression.
Pretty sad day when the Russian have more voting power than the U.S.
Only when they buy off Dems.
Yes, it’s about time that happened. We need to get our country back.
By suppressing votes of your fellow countrymen? 
They want to suppress votes.  They don't care about democracy or equality.
Will they accept Russian ID as well?
Point out the areas of this law that mentions Russia
Thanks
Fear and Loathing Texas Voting
I have to show ID to buy Sudafed so yeah, I think you can ask for ID to vote. Unless of course you have something to hide...?
Then it should be easier & free for poor people to get IDs. 
https://www.aclu.org/other/oppose-voter-id-legislation-fact-sheet …
Then go ahead and work to make that happen. But don't tell me I'm wrong to protect legitimacy of the election system.
To be honest , l don't get America sometimes.  Isn't it obvious?  How do you vote without proper gvt issued identification?  Isn't that a 1st step in making sure elections are legitimate? #USA
Everyone should be given a number...on their forehead or hand, they shouldn’t be allowed to vote (or buy or sell) without the number. A Beastly wonderful plan! Thank you GOP.
^ Thinks getting an ID is the same as the Jews being tattooed a serial number.
Republicans realizing their outnumbered and lost all their seats due to dotard dumps.
Learn the difference between their and they're. Then we can talk
#MAGA
good, you need an id for almost everything
What does this have anything to do with equality...?
The right for everyone to vote even if you are poor, old, or disabled.
Some info on why restrictive voter ID laws are harmful to a truly democratic process where the people get to elect their representatives:
https://www.aclu.org/other/oppose-voter-id-legislation-fact-sheet …
Where’s the responsibility of the individual to be able to obtain a government ID themselves? If you don’t have an id, you can take $16 away from something else to invest for a card good for 6 years. It’s really not that hard.
I totally get why it would seem that way to someone w the advantages we take for granted, but for someone working 3 jobs to make ends meet, taking a day off to sit at the DMV is too costly. More info here:
I don’t know about this we you talk about. I worked for everything I got. You make your own future or you just live the one others give to you. Also if that’s your point to this then I don’t understand, if they can’t go to the dmv where do they gain the time to vote?
Coming from a state that gave us rick perry and Ted Cruz.
A great thing. We don't want people from foreign countries influencing our elections.
Joke, right?
Of course!
VOTER SUPPRESSION TEXAS STYLE!!
please explain how providing an ID to prove that you are the person you are claiming to be whom is eligible to vote is voter suppression?
Yea, I'm pretty sure the 92 year old I handed my ID to could barely see.
What’s wrong with proving you are who you say you are?
Nothing, but in Texas it’s made intentionally difficult for minorities or the poor to obtain Voter ID. It’s the modern equivalent of a poll tax.
I don’t see how this effects minorities and as far as the poor. Texas ID cards are only $16 and it’s good for 6 years, regardless of situation everyone should have one. So if you don’t mind elaborating, because I don’t see the point on how it majorly effects either group
From his page seems like a liberal. Im assuming he thinks this requirement is somehow racist even tho the left assuming minorities don't have photo I.D is also racist 
If you care to learn why these laws disproportionately suppress minority votes: https://www.aclu.org/other/oppose-voter-id-legislation-fact-sheet …
Finally, a common sense appeals court.
This better not result in Cruz eking one out.
Bad news....
