Another reason I want to become a lawyer, I can't stand injustice
Its the system that is broken. Being a lawyer, even a good one is not enough sometimes. But your mindset is gold. Multiply
They should be angery. People come into our counties RAPE our women and children then get off with a fine. I personally want them to get the death penalty and believe it or not Trump said the same thing in 2017 Congress did nothing about it.
Nobody entered their country,  they are spanish citizens please read
They can't read, it's a Trump supporter.
Group #FBRParty please like/retweet/followback/comment.  I'll follow back. 

 #FbrResistance ##BlueTsunami2018 #BlueWave2018 
@HateDivides
@ReplyToBeLoved
@CareToBeLoved
@TwittleDonny
@TrumpIsNot
@1VoiceForMe
@PenceImpeach
@TMeAndiB
@HappyMeYoBe
Seems like 30K people would be more than sufficient to hunt down, find, and administer justice. And cellphone record it.
Hooray! Open Borders!
good call. also, the criminals are spanish.
The world is getting tired of misogyny
And it's a beautiful thing! I'm glad it's finally become important to enough people. Took long enough!
Wow so Spain is becoming the new India when it comes to rape? Hope they appeal that nonsense of just 9 years
Hopefully it's a lynch mob.
Glad the group of disgusting pigs at least got 9 years in prison. It’s something, but it’s not the justice the victim deserves.
All over the world .. women are showing they are fed up with the way things are .. the politics of gender .. the status quo .. boys will be boys ..
Its sick to think ppl do this to others it's sad it will scare that girl 4 life and they get to walk sad justice system is flawed everyone knows it. women shouldn't have 2 go through this ever no one should Those men should be castrated and then have the same thing happen to them
You should have access to the judgment and to the dissenting vote. It is simply outrageous and disgusting to read how the dissenting judge pleads that the victim was having fun because of his own interpretation of her screams. Justice today in Spain is rotten.
So different from the situation here in India!
I hope they get endless jail love day night, night day.
These “wolf packs” need to be PUT DOWN.
nope. spanish.
what is wrong with you?
the rapists were Spanish you bigot. José Ángel Prenda, Antonio Manuel Guerrero, Ángel Boza, Alfonso Jesús Cabezuelo and Jesús Escudero
I’m sure you’re having fun behind your screen. Try doing something productive next time.
Do what the Saudi's did...shoot the b@$/@rd $ dead in public and leave them hanging to be seen. Barbaric. ..but only way!
Do NOT show trumps stupid rally live. I repeat DO NOT
How about the 1000 women raped in Germany by Muslimson New Years Eve in 2016 No Charges CNN didn't want to cover the story didn't want to offend the Muslim community doesn't matter about any other community CNN SUCKS TRUMP 2020 
What a shame!! Unbelievable but true ...
Ban Spain from ever comming here
@CNN PURPOSELY DOES NOT REPORT GANG RAPES IN INDIA
Shame on you Spain.
Your country is not an example precisely.
It's considered rape in Sweden to look at a girl for more than 7 seconds.
Since when?
Since you have this president. For example. 
Were they immigrant invaders?
They were cops.
This kind of collective outrage would #not be #demonstrated in the U.S. of A.
hey "democrats" ,did u cover this news AT ALL? or u dont wanan do that to ur UK friends? ..
Democrats don't report news.  That's the journalists job.  And yes it has been everywhere.  Have you been living under a rock the last 2 days?
hey u know damn well what i ment with that .. ,actually i wasnt, i follow CNN and i never ONCE saw an article about this, but i do see all the time Trump did this Stormy said that ,this guy raped her that guy raped her .. how bout talking about REAL news??!
so wheres the proof actually? ..
It was recorded by one of the perps on a cell phone and uploaded to social media. Need further proof?
thats not a proof of rape
yes blame me ..
It is sure as hell not the victim's fault, like you tried to imply.
once again , what made her a victim exactly? so ur dumb logic is that u have sex with some1 and then that some1 accuses u of rape , so from then on , u didnt have sex with her, u raped her ? ...  what do u want? a signed contracts about sex in the future? ..
She said it wasn't cosensual. I choose to believe her. You choose not to. Where is *your* proof.
Politicians sons ...
В Армении опять желтая революция.
Yerrrrr in South Africa the rapist will be supported big time
the authorities may encourage gang rape versus this judgment
That system shows has been crashed. More reasons for those don't want to stand
Wow! It is so sad
Castration, Castration and more Castration will solve half of our Rape problems!
They should come to the US where @cnn & Liberals would have defended the men and would give them sanctuary
migrants?
Seriously why always migrants you want to know?  Look it up theses 5 pigs were cops.
A mans world huh?
It’s horrifying! Can she sue them in a Civil Court? These monsters must be held accountable!!
“Five men”, I think you meant to say 5 animals, who happen to be illegal immigrants
Actually 5 spanish police officers.
This shit needs to STOP.  Keep protesting.  Make your voices HEARD.
All these protesters should find the five men and everyone get a turn raping them. Let them know how it feels.
Mob wanting justice is called MOB JUSTICE is it not?

Shame on Spain.
Feminist culture doesn’t care about women.
Give me the judge and to him the same thing done
So are the courts to be completely ignored now. Mob justice is the new law.
وا اسفاه
Disgusting ! Throw the government out and the judge !
Coming to a city near you in the USA thanks to the liberal socialist fascist DNC Democrats enjoy
شوفوا وهم غير مسلمين وعندهم بس عندهم غيرة وضد الحكم الغير عادل ي الله اهدهم لدين الحق
What europeans rape too?!!! I thought it was a myth!
Kill globalists who destroy centuries old civilizations for their own self serving needs.
The lesser charge is “sexual abuse” the serious one is “sexual aggression”. The second one implies harder violence, which is what - according to court - was not proved.
Rape is rape.
Sickening! They should of died in jail. Guess Spain has their liberals to.

We who have been victims know there is NO Real Justice Given to the Guilty   !!  They always get to walk ! That’s why we most of the time never report Rape .  Why bother!!!
Borderless Lawless Crooks deployed Gold Father for anti US gov propaganda because he is Muslim. Those armed ISIS & nuclear tandem Iran-NK, half million Syrians were killed. Join effort of POTUS, China,Russia,EU&UK brought peace. POTUS is pride of Amer&around globe. #FridayFeeling
In your warped mind POTUS did these things Others with Sane minds say other wise
Study quantum physics. Creator will make you Republican. Good luck
@cnnbrk have you caught wind of something occurring in the smallest country in Central America? #NuevasIdeas #nayibpresidente
I'm curious how, according to spanish law, there can be a rape without violence and/or intimidation.
Everyone get busy raping?
What a world where Zeus doesn't rape. I guess Juno broke him.
А ведь предупреждал же Евгений Янович...
not *breaking news* it was several days ago.
Yes  but since when does #FakeNewsCNN tell the truth?
That’s sounds like the Donald trump affect do what you want to women and get away with it work for him people should be outraged it’s disgusting no means no and if you break the law you should be punished not a begood next time card people should protests against rape everywhere
That sounds like the democratic effect, whatever is in the news: somehow include and accuse Trump into it to suit your political views.
No sweety it’s true that’s why he’s unhinged cause he knows it’s coming and I’m not a democrat I’m republican he is not acting like a adult actually he embarrasses me lying, bullying, insulting and demoralizing women that’s not what we’re about being honest is he should try it
¿Viva Espania? No! La violación es violación.
Spain? India is ok.
Those officials deserve what they receive. Get a rope!
Geez
Spanish state and justice don’t get along #LaManada #Puigdemont
America’s Women’s March Nov 2016 has inspired the world! (Yes, they protested before)

This is how the face of an ant looks like if you were ever curious...  
#yaMAHDİ
