I’m glad Americans realize how bad Muslims are for this country
Muslims aren't bad for this country, which was founded on religious freedom as long as it is European religion.
Sort of wrote that wrong. Whites feel only European religions should be in America.
I love Islam as a religion. It actually is very similar to "the way", which I practice. I just don't care for the sunnah and I personally believe Jesus is one of the sons of God and the only one who shed his blood for me.
Argue all you want, it’s exactly what you said it was originally, your just changing the wording! Like asking the same question different ways, you’ll still get the same answer!
It’s just a question of whether or not there are enough judges as dumb as most Trump supporters to fall for that argument.
the sc will do the right thing. extreme vetting n travel ban is for safety n security of we, the ppl. most muslims r nice ppl. some r bad. not all muslims r islamic terrorists, but all islamic terrorists r muslims. its no one's fault, its the world we live in. our safety first.
All Islamic terrorists are Muslims in the same way that all Christian terrorists are Christians.
the world has no problem w/christian, buddhist, or hindu terrorists. our problem is islamic terrorists. n we, the american ppl, want safety n protection from islamic terrorists. we dont want islamic terrorists to enter the united states. its not abt religion, its for our safety.

Pasukan timur tengah terlalu jauh ke Amerika rasisme diskriminasi, tapi Barcelona dan Ragnarock cukup dekat

Last time he made a call for “travel ban” a five year old couldn’t enter US to have his scheduled heart surgery
A ‘ban’ is indefinite. The ‘travel ban’ is not. Just the other day he lifted Chad from the list, after closely examining the situation there, just like he said he would. Expect more countries to be lifted from the list. Others, of course, will not, because they pose a threat
Only the left would see it as a Muslim ban. Race baiting liberals will use any bs to oppose #Trump.  Trump will be victorious!
Only the Left heard Trump announce it as a Muslim Ban during the Campaign you mean?
Only the Left is still dishonest enough to call it a Muslim ban when the majority of the world’s Muslims are not prevented from entering the US.
Only the right would cheer for trump when he called for “a complete a total ban on Muslims”, and hen turn around and scream about how it isn’t a ban.
What he enacted is not a ban tho, despite what your Dem talking points tell you. It just isn’t.
Hey CNN - Is your JOB TO INSULT YOUR VIEWER TOO?  Seriously?  Here’s a response to YOUR ARROGANT, HIRED, STAFF WHO OPENLY BRAG ABOUT AMERICAN —- QUOTE they (America citizens) don’t have all their faculties in some cases — their elevator might not hit all floors.”  Omg so wrong!

Incase you just woke up it’s failed twice already.
Ok. Personally I don’t care one way or the other. Then there’s the question why would they want to come here ?
I agree it isn't a "Muslim ban" it is a "ban only on Muslim countries." Now is that better, Trump.
It is a Muslim ban. Don't see any protestants, Catholics, etc in there, just muslims.
Of course its not a Muslim ban, Or TRUMP would have called it that, RIGHT ????????

Good luck with that.
Isn’t that what he called it ?
Now HE'S  guilty of fake news.
Like tax cut is not called 'tax reform'?
http://www.amazon.com/Sharia-Exposed-Farzana-Moon/dp/0996663452/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1458732620&sr=1-1&keywords=Sharia+exposed …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 

argues infront of who?or against who I mean?
It's not so there is no argument needed...
Those countries have ties to terrorism!  Its common sense!
a azzzzz Z
Trump is not,nor never has been a Lawyer.
Are we seriously still talking about this stupid thing
If in doubt keep them out
Trump will win.
Maybe it wasn’t Trump, maybe he’s twin brother said “Muslim Ban”.
But it really is.  Sorry @RealDonaldTrump.  You can't hide your racism and bigotry

It's not a travel ban
It's not

It's not a duck, but it's a duck....
Simple terms! Ethnic cleansing, the easy way.
Wow! The THIRD VERSION! They don't get it yet? IT IS RELIGION PERSECUTION.
Shut up,What happen with Christians in Pakistan?and speak after
What do you call it when you target a particular group of people based on their race or religion ....
Naw it’s based on them blowing up people
Then why didn’t he say that? He said Muslim ban. Meaning banning all Muslims. He didn’t say specific ones.
Yeah it is lmao. These Republicans are scared of people who are browned skinned.
“I, Donald J. Trump, am calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States,” and the GOP said, “there’s our guy! Religious tests for entry into the country sounds amazing. 1st amendment is tedious, we prefer drooling over the 2nd.”
I call BS on the WH argument. It IS a ban.
Sure it's not. That's why Trump called it a "Muslim ban". Because it's not a Muslim ban. I love how this idiotic administration thinks that the American people are both deaf and stupid.
Good. The majority of Muslim populated countries don’t have this ban placed upon them. Only a few that were placed on the same list Obama had on his list. De-centralized government led countries. Unstable and ISIS infected.
Here we go again! It's not a travel ban either. Well, it's a ban, but it's not a "ban" ban. 
Ban ban. I can hear Trump say that like in the Flintstones
It's patently a Muslim ban.
Right... And Donald never met Stormy.
Aye, its merely coincidental...
But Trump called it a muslim ban lol.
Oh please.
Cue list of trump tweets!
