Some "news" organization...CNN will give him a nice fat raise and make him an "expert".

Future CNN analyst?
The fall guy.
Or his department took no accountability for this tragedy. A good leader knows when he should step down.
Ohh...but but @CNN this is your guy.  Did you offer him a job yet?  He will fit in well with you losers!
Can’t wait for the @cnn show hosted by @jaketapper to allow @browardsheriff to explain how the @NRA with the aid of the Russians hacked the unions vote of no confidence against him by almost 85%.
But.....he did a town hall and everyone applauded and blamed Dana
About time. Coward county Sherriff Israel should be fired before he can resign!
Yet, CNN gave him major airtime to dehumanize a woman working for the NRA. Maybe your townhall gimmick wasn’t the results you were looking for.
Dana dehumanizes herself every day.
She is much more human than a man of your caliber.  What have you ever accomplished?
I accomplished putting a face to my name and not hiding behind a tough guy username
@CNN your days are numbered. Sponsors will start their en masse exodus from you http://soon.As  for all you traitors in the @CIA you people WILL ALL ANSWER TO THE AMERICAN PUBLIC. WE DO NOT FEAR YOU AND WILL SWEEP YOU INTO THE GUTTER.
Lol!
I’d like to know who is responsible for not getting the proper paperwork files to remove the shooters right to bear arms. His publically documented run ins with authority / dicipline issues diqualified him, yet no action was taken. That is a defining factor in this tragedy.
Really? Then I'd like to know who is responsible for not holding the gun so he could enter a "gun free " zone without a gun. Are you serious.?
Fact is that current gun laws should have prevented the shooting. However,  government officials failed to enforce them properly. We don’t need new laws, we need to uphold the ones already in place.
Useless leftist policies contributed to kids being killed but the left would rather push gun control over common sense.

85% of deputies don't have confidence in the sheriff. That's a revolt!
Good, let him go work for @CNN
So when do you guys plan to add him to one of your absurdly large panels of Democratic shills?

Look I just RETWEETED something from #CNN. I knew something good can be found in everything!
Even s blind pig #CNN finds an acorn every now & then
Where I came from it was “hog” but clearly a favorite of mine!
What did he do wrong? He step up took the heat helped the kids.  Did I miss somthing?
Aside from the fact he didn't do any of that, nothing.
Ok.  I guess I've been misinformed on this one.
Sheriff Israel, along with the FBI, are responsible for what happened in Parkland.
Many to blame, include members of Congress who take money from the NRA.
What's wrong with taking money from the NRA? Seriously?
I do not support any organization donating money to members of Congress. It’s sole purpose is to have their organization’s agenda put forward. No lobbyists is elected but yet they write the content of the legislation.
Shouldn’t he be in Gitmo along with all other deep state swamp creature traitors enemies of the republic too???
Am asking for a friend...
Can you say "chickens coming home  to roost"
A well deserved vote of no confidence.
So his men didn't rush in. The swat team was reprimanded for showing up before being told to go. Another deputy caught sleeping on the job at the school after the incident. Then his men interrogating Kyle, a minor, with no parent present.
Wow CNN, it's actually good to see something positive and reliable coming from CNN...

♡♡♡
Perhaps you have not  been watching CNN. The network report facts and those who hate truth dislike CNN.
Those who love the Truth hate CNN there fixed it for you.
A union with less than 1/8 of the 5,400 employees.
A dismissal lackey chicken who never should have worn a badge
Not so easy! He needs to be locked up!
Should have been done months ago what is the problem and what happen to the state investigation nothing but crickets surprised Gov Scott has handled this so badly
Even the guy in the Waffel House had more guts then this guy and his deputies... #YoureFired 
Can we do that for the President? Just sayin...
No he was elected we are not a totalitarian country.  I know you wish we were that is what the left stands for.  You should google the word totalitarian you will learn what you are.
It goes far deeper than that, and CNN (the CIA) should know.  Crisis actors and crisis catalyzing is their business.
Oh yawn, everyone's a crisis actor nothing EVER happens right .. Please shut up.
No, I won't be shutting up.  Things happen that don't need to happen. Things happen because very bad people WANT those things to happen, and MAKE those things happen. Those sick games are OVER.
Hahahaha . Ok little fella.
Notice how you failed to get the result you wanted?  I'll keep speaking the ugly truth until it all comes out.  Buckle up, bittercup, the world is changing rapidly - for the better.  No more opposition puppetry. That sheriff is the tip of the tip of the iceberg. #MAGA
What?
Good!.. now can the governor keep Hogg away from a camera.
Maybe the they should keep you away from Twitter. Why doesn’t he have the right to speak out?? Because your narrow mind can’t handle anything you don’t agree with!?
Maybe you should mind your own f*ckin business!
If you didn’t want people in your business then why tweet?

And yet you had him berate @DLoesch bravo CNN...bravo...
https://twitter.com/scottjisrael/status/988496281369800705?s=21 …
#SupportSheriffScottIsrael
BSO's largest union weighs in with a strong statement of support for Sheriff Israel. FOPE represents 2,500 sworn deputies, community service aides, E-911 communications operators, and others throughout…
The last time we saw a loss like this, Walter Mondale thought he was going to be president...
the good news is all he has to do is blame Trump & the NRA for getting fired and set up a GoFundMe page.
plenty of wackadoodles who hate Trump & the NRA enough to raise at least $500k
Saweeeet
A small piece of justice. Fire this guy ASAP.
Great!
Not surprising unfortunately.
Good. Sheriff Israel may have won a popularity contest with the Parkland students following the tragedy, but he did a grave disservice to them in his office's negligence ignoring the many red flags and pleas from his community and others, regarding intervention on Cruz.
So unions can have an official elected by the people removed?
Here he is with all his friends
Here's more...
Really? Are you implying you know when those pictures were taken? If you want to imply that the pictures are meaningful today as when they were taken, the same goes for Perv in Chief.
Damn.
The Broward County Sheriff was duly elected and should NOT face political interference by the Governor. If you don’t like his leadership next election vote for someone different.
Good can't happen soon enough.
Maybe they should look at the motives of the Coral Springs pd chief
Don't remove the GUNS though.
sounds good to me.....saw him on TV several times......what a double talking BS artist!
“Amazing leadership, huh?”
sheriff israel should be fired. he is weak n inept.

Gov not to strong on this topic. Hope he does the right thing.
He kept his officers out of the fight, they must be mortified.
He has Blood on his hands!
Good riddance!!
Good
Buck stops with him. He needs to go. Hopefully others in leadership positions follow suit. #Trump #trump #FishStinksFromTheHead
About time!

But... but... the NRA!
So they found that he was grossly negligent or incompetent during the shooting chaos? Law enforcement trains for mass casualty situations but until they experience it they cant know. If they found gross indifference then yes, he has to be let go.
Sometime is need to take action in to your on hands for the people have to mute power
Good news for the children and citizens of Broward County This man gives our @bluelivesmtr heroes a bad name. We depend on @bluelivesmtr who are always there for victims #blueLivesMatter #ParklandSchoolShooting

Finally
About time!!!
Poor CNN network, to think they use to be one of the most watch news network
Politics!
He should have been removed weeks ago.
Remove this Obama Clinton incompetent crony.
Good

#FireSheriffIsrael
Where's all your liberal left cult following?
The #2A didn’t take lives at Parkland. A psycho and terrible policy did. He must go.
Bum
I waiting for the "Book Tour"
بدین۔اجنبی۔یفکر۔عراب۔خوف۔من۔دیران۔مع۔مسجد۔قال۔دیران۔و۔سوریا۔سجال۔افغنستان۔یہ۔کشمیر
The union will give him disability for throwing his arm out patting himself on the back ..... this guys a 
Boward County Sheriff s/b fired immediately, Boward County Manager, Boward County Councilman all should resign for failure to remove the Sheriff. A total disgrace!!
I’m pretty sure he wasn’t the one onsite that decided not to go inside when he heard gunfire. This union is corrupt, circling the wagons when one of their own was criticized. This is part of the problem with some of our police.
It is not his fault,  they need to fire the school security  guard that ran away, when he heard the gunfire.
The Promise Program was deadly, eh?
Last time someone did that a senator took over the galaxy, I would be very careful with those votes.
But I thought it was the NRA' s fault?
It is about time.
539 want him gone. 94 sycophants want him to stay. Any questions?
He can come work in my district.Bunch of a-holes.
Just the fall guy. The whole state and local govt are to blame for not regulating the purchasing of guns properly.
Its sheriff run and hide blaming the NRA for his cowardice, sheriff is a panty wearing Hillary disciple
Yes.
Broward coward chief should have been fired 2 months ago
Good, too tuff of a job for a flaming Lib !!
Oyyyyyy veyyyyyy Mossad ain’t gonna like this.
He should be booted because he appeared on communist news network.
no one is blaming the coward shooter
CNN still has confidence in Sheriff Israel.
How about firing him 
They need to get rid of this liberal chimp.
Fire the coward already why does it take a governor  to replace him
Wait I thought it was the NRAs fault all 5,000,000
The union! That splains a lot, why can't the voters do that 
Troll city.

Great
Interesting that many are behind the vote of no confidence for the sheriff but are incensed active and retired military basically did the same thing to prevent #RonnyJackson from becoming #VA Secretary. Rank and file should be heard!! #UnionStrong
Finally something on CNN I like! That only took 3 years!
Ahhhhhhh... Bye
Video...
https://www.facebook.com/mazid.khan.771/posts/1726835144076907 …
Should've happened the day we found out about his departments cowardice. It's shameful that this took so long. Bye-Bye Coward
Yeah. You look real foolish now @jaketapper ...
I bet every dollar I got this guy is gonna join the list of chuckleheads to write a tell all about how he stood up to Trump.
Good
I'm thinking CNN will love this he will be CNN's next law enforcement analyst.He will fit right in on their payroll of other disgraced "experts"


Another cnn journalist on its way !!
This is Great News!!
Liberals suck; everybody pays but the killer. They will protest the death penalty for the shooter.
What took it so long!! Kick this imbecile out of the police force and hope we never see his arrogant face again! #WinningMoment #CleanTheSwamp
Amen down with the Broward Cowards
More evidence that if you're a completely incompetent person, you're better off having a government job.  It's harder to be fired.

Hahahahaha. You are a horrible leader Israel.  It’s time for you to go!
It’s about time
Good!
More like Mishandling...
Justice prevails. The conduct of an organization comes from the top. 
It’s about these NRA tards

And deservedly so!! He should have been fired a long time ago!!
At the break caldwell county had a mr lllittle novico attorney woundered to round spicing the counties city waist water plant the area designated, because he was useing grandparent rights plattforms to hide out for awhile call in to our jail to leave tips leading to his capture.
Wow! Sounds like  stormy Romnce!
What fing joke.
BTFO, you partisan hack!
#NRA
Ted take the ass out!!!!!
Florida is a dangerous state
This is the guy CNN used as an "expert" and hero immediately after shooting.  CNN and him try to ridicule Dana Loesch but failed
Fake news
Politics over safety
The governor appointed and then refused to remove the INDICTED board members in one of the largest cash cows, I mean public health systems in America, and you trust this at face value ?
I’m not telling you the Sheriff wasn’t a political tool but you ought be reporting the fraud filled history of the governor before he becomes a US Senator, don’t you think?
Meh.
It's about time!!
Several months to late
See how people do?  Thought they were calling him a hero.
Lets not forget the mishandling of the shooting at Ft.Laud.Airport  baggage area a few years ago.Unorganized and chaotic response to that as well by BSO.
How soon until CNN has him as an expert panelist?
Good.
I'm sick of seeing this guy's face. He's a waste of skin.
But, but, but CNN was so proud of him just a few weeks ago!
About damn time
Bum!
Damn that NRA making his deputies lose confidence in him.

Damn, it's about time! The incompetency is unbelievable. The man tried to blame everyone and guns rather then his own incompetency. Sounds a lot like @Comey
Damn Right! This Fucker should be hung!

Yes

POS
this still wont protect the community from well deserved lawsuits... however, making them pay for this policy will put communities across the US on notice with similar ones
Then prosecute his ass.
@virginmedia from hell making my evening a nightmare once again
I'm guessing he will be a CNN expert by next week.
Punt this _unt!!

Bout damn time.
