

Uh oh, @TheOnion has hacked into @CNNbrk again
He’s amazing!
He doesn't care abt it

Should of gotten Rudy  Giuliani for your lawyer.
I swear I thought the caption to this article was going to be “monkey impregnated by trump “ lol . Clinton News Network is hilarious.
Looks like all the DemoRats in DC
Just when it seems like the things we argue about couldn’t get any weirder, this. 
Is this what we have come to? Really?
First of all this is not breaking news, second was cleared up last year, this is ancient news.
As the world turn Wackier!
He looks just like the senators & WH that represent us. Hard to tell them apart! Can we call him Mitch?
I imagine that if they are working he animal that it does however require some civility however.
But, CORPORATIONS ARE PEOPLE In this country. There’s that fact! Give Naruto his damn money in food and or his freedom, he don’t give a damn. I bet he’d like to not be in your cage or enclosure. (We live in SD, CA) home to a very big zoo, it’s nice-I guess someone thought so.
@peta if my dog takes a picture and posts it, can I sue him for voyeurism?
He’s also the Hokage of the Leaf Village
That’s a huge win for me. My pets have served a class action to my daughter, was going to cost me millions.

I took a photo of my housemates cat.  Who owns the copyright?  Me, my Housemate, or the cat(?)

I swear people go out of thier way to make others lives a misery,
I thought it was a picture of Symone Sanders
named after a legend
@jwricha isn’t your project about something like this...
Sure is, although I could have sworn they already reached this conclusion months ago 
They may have done, this is the result of an appeal. Clearly the monkey wasn’t happy with the first decision 
Why the monkey have the name Naruto i dead 
Oh no he might go Sage mode on us! DATTEBAYO

The fact that this made it to federal court is incredibly sad.
You’re kidding me? They couldn’t judge shop for a dumbass Liberal that would let them win their case no matter how absolutely absurd it was ???
Honestly this picture
I can see were going in a positive direction in this country.... taking things to court over a monkey taking a selfie ... good work
Glad we were on the IP unit in property so we could discuss this in class
Nice tweet, Leah! Twitter is definitely a better place with this tweet in it. Something everyone can understand. Good work.
This lawsuit is why a lot of animal rights groups get a bad rap. We’ve got animal cramped in minuscule cages for days w/o food or water waiting to be eaten or skinned alive and PETA is suing over a monkey selfie. I’m fed up!
How sad, makes me want to go outside and count blades of grass.
Is this what CNN calls real news.
Its about rite y'alls level of thinking
A requirement of CNN is to hire people not evolved from primate.
What do you make of this?  @jncadvocates @nyangaij
Toronto islamic terrorist killer or a monkey selfie? CNN YOUR CHOICE IN NEEEEWS.
Love this selfie!
alrighty then. Someone has lots of time to waste tax payer dollars on dumbass suits.
Now ive seen everything peta sues for an ape 
What a giant waste of the courts time!
His lawyer is appealing, c'mon stop monkeying around... Who else could it belong to?
What if the monkey is a judge?
I can see this being a thing in the @yugiohtas Naruto Parody Abridge ment... thing.
They needed lawyers and a judge to work that out? - now tell me again, which one is the monkey?
Wonder why the courts are so backed up?
He is adorable. Off the topic but he is.
This is a joke.. right?
No #monkey business here 
Literally has the word “self” in it and it’s still not his lol
I recognize that Democrat!
YOOOOO @cnnbrk you forgot to mention...
To everybody questioning if this is real... it is. Y’all need to stay current. This would’ve been huge if it went the other way. This ain’t monkey biz. 

Lol
Why tf does he look like a minion lmao
@cnnbrk Once again leading the media with awesome and relevant news.
Why the eff are we taking up time in us court fighting for the rights to a photo of an animal!? You people are nuts!
Well, I’ll be a monkey’s uncle!!
How is this even a story?  More importantly, how does something like this ever make its way to court?
PETA should have to pay Slater back for all expenses plus damage.
#AlfieEvans How about some real news?
Is this a real case??
Now that is a monkey shine.
THIS is your news story?
He may get some commissions to live large in the jungle....new house....unlimited bananas.....lots of hot chick monkeys....
who cares! our society is now in the shitter..

How is liberalism not a mental disorder?
Why is this breaking?
Does he have friends named Sasuke and Sakura and does he live in Monkeyhona which is constantly attacked by apekatsuki.
Obama should stop taking selfies, then trying cash in on them.

PETA are embarrassing themselves, as usual.
This is what happens when you give your money to peta!! Wasted on nothing. 
With the amount of homeless people in our society today , before you donate to peta throw your money out the window so maybe it will go some good.
A massive waste of time in every facet of this whole absurd story.
This isn’t an Onion article?
Did they also rule that everyone involved with PETA is a complete nut job?
How is this breaking news?!
@jgarner52
Latest selfie of Michelle Obama! Looks really healthy ! Must be the bananas & staying away from Hussein.
Not being racist, are you?
Typical monkeys coming over here taking our jobs
I'm just waiting for someone to make an edit of this photo...where my artistic weebs at?
#Bollox
Peta is the dumbest orginization. If they were so worried about animals, they wouldnt have homes that consist of wood and mined materials, and they wouldnt use tech, or drive cars. Peta/greenpeace are hypocrites who shouldnt be taken seriously
Kai

Thanks CNN. Glad this is sorted out. 
I find it stupidly amazing that this moronic concept ever made it into a courtroom to begin with.
The folks at PITA who wasted the time of the courts and the support of their donors in bringing this action should be summarily FIRED! (Ala Don Trump) YOUR FIRED!
That would be PETA...unless that's a bread reference you're making. But I'll agree it's a stupid lawsuit.
Bunlardan ortalıkta çok var.
Hollywood stars don’t even have rights to half the pictures of themselves. 

Needs a better lawyer.

A shame all this time, energy, and money was wasted on such a frivolous case. PETA put that photographer through hell for a photo.

Ist fair with no monkey jury?
Why not?
Many thanks to PETA for wasting thousands upon thousands of hard working American tax dollars.
YOU BETTER BELIEVE IT!
Of course he doesn't and anyone who thought otherwise needs a brain.
PETA is just so out of touch with reality sometimes that it obscures the good it does.
That's Trumps missing love child. ALWAYS wants free publicly.  Just like Daddy
NARUTO FHHFGHHGDASFHJN
The money CNN makes from this photo should go to this monkey and his family 

@BojianYu
@gzx20030305
Naruto must be REALLY pissed off! 
As soon as we get all the monkey selfie cases settled, the justice system can get back to the murders and stuff,
This is a civil case. Murder is criminal.  Your education has failed you.  Red state?
He should write a book about his life, fill it with pictures and "tails" of his adventures and copyright it.
the Saudi Monkey they help for Ethical treatment for animals
تشبحوا لربحة الكايق والديرة يسرقون امجلاب ويربونهم ليحوون علهم
Nor does he own a home,  a car, his own bank account and he can not sign his own name. What a ridiculous waste of time and money. More liberal insanity
I’m a liberal and I thought this whole thing was ridiculous too- it’s really not a partisan topic. Photog got screwed.
You are correct, i should not have made it political
I appreciate that. Have a good one.
even acknowledging this as an issue is a complete waste of time and resources
Believe it!

Lol
Why does PETA have standing in this case to begin with?
Maybe they were planning on taking the royalties from the selfie?
If the monkey signed the rights to them.

May we all have such problems...
Selfy. Not Selfie.
Naruto surely looks a lot better than @realDonaldTrump. 
Just want to make easy buck!
1- this is the best selfie ever 2- most ridiculous use of the legal system ever. Seriously PETA ?!
Don't think his perturbed ,his got the looks.
Why? Because he’s an animal and can’t even understand he’s taken a viral picture he could benefit from?
Does a baby have the same rights until he’s conscious,or it does not apply because he has a care taker? What about the monkey? 
This are ethical questions when we humanize all.

Of for Pete's sake give him half the money and know you've done the right thing. He lives on a nature reserve who always need money. Just give them half David Slater, Otherwise, you are quite greedy. Give him half and make us all happy. Just be a good person.
He's a looker!
Wikipedia and PETA pretty much bankrupted Slater so I’m glad the issue is finally settled.

What is wrong with the world? Tax payers had to foot the bill for this. This is extreme liberal BS. The ones that filled the suit should have to pay back all fees and salaries.
What next? PETA gonna file for reparations against farmers?
Taking a break from reporting Fake News?
What is greed? A monkey can't own his own face. this only matters to those who would Prophet by the poor Creatures image. The parasite that is human
We’ll I think the monkey should hire a formally dressed penguin lawyer, and file an appeal! 
Breaking news on a frivolous, ridiculous and asinine lawsuit

Had PETA won this lawsuit their next adventure might've been to seek reparations against butcher & meat packing companies
Two LEOs??
Law enforcement officers LEO'S
@gordonkeith
Where's Tarzan when you need him.....
@GoldenDomer14 Peta...
Natuto
FUCK
Monkey court! Monkey judge? Hahahahahaaaaaa height of foolishness!!
Ethical treatment of Animals ? By copyrighting his selfie ? No wonder humans have gone crazy
Some people really don’t have anything to be doing. Tf is naruto gonna do with copyright? 
Finish with human rights first
I w would guess that the idea was to provide protection and safe heaven for him?  But what human would be incorruptible enough to handle the money??
Exactly. Best thing is to put the monkey in the wild where he belongs. No need to intervene with its life. Protection of his home is the best thing that can be done for him. Not copyright litigation
the face of someone that doesn't give two shits about copyright laws.  also those two shits will be promptly eaten and smeared all over his cage.  whomever filled this lawsuit is dumber than the monkey in the picture.
That would be PETA, and yes. They are.
This stupidity wasted the courts time and the taxpayers money..........peta is retarded
Palm-slap-to-forehead.

Glad we settled this.
who represented the monkey...the baboon i guess....ridiculous lawsuit!
@TheOnion
This s**t is crazy 
Wait, the money is named Naruto?
The monkey, yes.
Of course it doesn’t.  Anymore than my cat does.  Hope Gauss doesn’t sue me
PETA are such cockwaffles.
Lol what's a cockwaffle?
When you have millions in donations to save animals and find a way to end suffeting, but you spend it during a photographer on behalf of a monkey, that’s a cockwaffle.
Aaaaaahhh. May I steal it? 
Oh course!
#BharatAneNenu #Faceoff #MonkeySelfie #monkeyshines2018
Another waste of court resources, time and money. I could have told you this for nothing.
Great reporting gang! This is definitely BREAKING NEWS.
What isn’t “breaking news” these days? People started ignoring regular news so now everything has to be “breaking news” so they pay more attention to it, right?
Incredible selfie. Cheese.....
Is that @SenSchumer
We not just gonna ignore the fact that this monkey's name is naruto right?
Believe it!
Burn the negatives, Naruto. It's the only way.
OMG...Who the hell cares?
Looks like Trump's step brother
You look like you helped with 9/11


Oh stop it !
@oglaighnagerry Look at this nonsense
Really fucking glad the social contract is functioning as intended
Questionable
Really pursuing a great cause over at PETA

cnn propaganda back at it again smh
I’m not sure you understand what the word propaganda means.

It’s not the first time, it won’t be the last.

Travesty of justice 
Great! Now that we resolved this important case, can we please start working on the hundreds lawsuits against our administration, Scott Pruit, Ben Carson, Roger Stone etc? Thank you.
how long have we been dealing with the rights of this photo, jesus
Since 2015. The whole thing is stupid.
PETA should focus on slaughter of animals in middle east rather than wasting time in useless cases
That face 
Good a total waste of the Court’s time.
@slamromancin dammit
@branson20white
Why not let him have copyright? I mean he looks more attractive than some of us humans..
*Views your profile for 0.07 seconds* yes...some of us definitely are dumber than monkeys
His face says it all

