
I love Dave Chapelle!



"The mob takes the Fifth," Trump told a campaign crowd in Iowa in September 2016. "If you're innocent, why are you taking the Fifth Amendment?"
Less than 90 days later....
That would be an amazing sight!!!! Please baby Jesus make this a reality!! 
Lol @MichaelAvenatti called it!
This screams innocence 
He's pleading the 5th regarding the crime of that jacket, right?

Cohen & the 5th? trump says only mob crime types take the 5th or those who must be guilty of something. So the questions is; is Cohen part of  Crime Mob or is he trying to hide something (a crime). If some one has to worry about self incrimination, not innocent. Big Red Flag!!
Trump pleaded the Fifth 97 times during his divorce from Marla Maples.

Fake tweet. It isn’t on his timeline
Not a tweet. He said it at a rally.
Haha... He can't purjure himself. GUILTY!!! Sad.

Cohen has GUILTY written all over him
Clinton aide invokes 5th Amendment more than 125 times
Trump pled 5th 97 times during his divorce to Ivanka
And how many time did you plead in yours?
In lawyer speak. GUILTY
That suit needs to plead the 5th.
How do you spell, “Guilty af?”
Coward
All the best people

1, 2, 3, 4, FIF!
Hey David Dennison aka @realDonaldTrump I thought in your words about Hillary, innocent people don’t plead the 5th.  Remember that?   Do your followers remember?
Fith amentment? So he is guilty.

Guilty as sin!
Nothing needed other than #guilty #trumppuppet
Well, when your tail is wrapped around your throat, it’s hard to talk.
COWARD
No worries they will get him on a bunch of other stuff
And then he will exercise his right to drink a fifth.


Mikie’s a Goodfella
Interesting approach, first you blab to the media admitting your guilt, then you plead the fifth. Who's idea was this, Guilliani's? You better get a good lawyer, not one of those cheap ones that wear plaid suits.
IDK when ppl,will wake up! So many cover ups which is why draining the swamp actually seems funny to me 45 continues to add to the swamp!! The RNC I'm sure did not do the proper vetting when they nominated this man because if they did America would not be so embarrassed by him..


so if @Potus gives #MichaelCohen a #pardon.... #Cohen will be forced to testify in the #StormyDaniels case against @realDonaldTrump .... #catch22!  Hah, hah, hah.... hah, hah, hah.... hah, hah, hah.... Love it!

#TrumpTrain

Michael Cohen is pleading the fourth, no the fifth, it's a major fall after the minor lift...........Hallelujah.

I used to think that Michael Cohen looked like The Fonz. But that jacket. Yeah, I don't think that even The Fonz could pull that off. Aaayyyy!

Hope this mess is over by Thanksgiving! Americans need a break from this corruption. Hopefully, we'll celebrate and thank God for the change that's to come, Mueller, our Intel Agencies, Military and all first responders!
Holy crap, Batman!

So Trump must think he is guilty...to lazy to get his Tweet...you all know kit...only guilty people take the 5th ...#LockHimUp
Nothing says I'm guilty like invoking your fifth amendment right

So Avenatti needs to take his case straight to court.
How about telling the truth!!
Hump supporters see absolutely nothing wrong with this.
As #davechappel says 1 2 3 4 Fifth, hahaha Damn straight better plead the #fifthamendment
Hmmm, I wonder why he would plead the fifth? 
Stinks to high heaven
Pardon him Donald - then he can’t invoke the Fifth amendment!
If he’s worried about self incrimination why is he wearing that atrocious jacket?

Isn’t there some public nuisance charge or EPA regulation against that?
Of course, Cohen will plead the Fifth. He doesn’t want his words misinterpreted (especially by fake news), thereby incriminating himself. That’s what that amendment was designed to do. Very smart!
Michael Cohen to plead the fifth in Stormy Daniels lawsuit and the left has already tried him as guilty. 8 Obama OFFICIALS pleaded the fifth.  Cohen is Trump’s lawyer, not a Trump official, he can do what he wants.  Typical hypocrisy from the left, do as I say, not as I do.
“The mob takes the 5th Amendment. If you’re innocent, why are you taking the 5th Amendment?” - Donald Trump, 9/28/2016
#LockThemUp
How is that allowed? The 5th is about preventing self-incrimination, the stormy daniels event wasn’t technically illegal. So what is he afraid of 

But @realDonaldTrump and his cronies said anyone who pled the Fifth are guilty as hell. #LockTheirAssesUp
Everything about the USA makes me VOMIT.

I thought he was Trump’s pit bull? More like a little scared poodle!
Didn't Donald Trump say innocent ppl don't plead the Fifth Amendment??
By his logic, we must assume Michael Cohen isn't innocent .. then again, neither is Donald Trump 
@realDonaldTrump @MichaelCohen212 @GOP @POTUS @PressSec

He knows Mr. PARDON is coming.
Only if Trump would take the fifth on tweeter
So you chose to be spineless instead being accountable. Nice.

Dip shit.

Why do you allow people to do that, America?
Surely one cannot escape investigation by refusing to answer questions in a Court of Law?
It's one of our rights; one of the things that has made America great.
https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/fifth_amendment … and no, you don't escape investigation, the government just needs to do its job.
@realDonaldTrump @FallingdownAl So is Cohen: a. Mobbed up b. guilty or c. another low level bureaucrat who know nothing???  You make the call.
Hillary and half her staff took the fifth. So I agree.
And how many times did Trump plead the fifth during his divorces?
So then you agree Hillary and most her staff took the fifth. Thanks for the confirmation.
It's no secret that they did.  Difference is she was found not guilty of any wrong doing.  Can you say the same for Cohen and Trump?
She was found not guilty? They re-investigating it. Apparently you think Cohen has been found guilty. It's pretty presumptuous of you.
Never said Cohen was guilty.  Just asking for your opinion because according to Trump's quote, he's either mobbed up or guilty.  I even gave you a third option.  Typical Trumpster fan, reading what you want to believe.
By the way we all know how liberals believe in  rights. They are allowed to have them but no one else is. It amazes me how desperate you people are that you have to take campaign rhetoric as fact.
Might as well spill out all the beans, sir. Mueller will find out everything anyway. And you will go to jail anyway. And you will ruin your life and the lives of your friends and family. And Trump will not care!
Zo much for trumps earlier comment about a person pleading the fifth what a hypocrite you are .
Hang him!
Trump said he hates people taking the fifth. Where the moral outrage or does that stop when its taken by someone connected to you?
Leave this Gentleman ALONE
Who cares
Boy Stormy is going to write a book and be one rich porn star  . I wonder if her book ends happily
What was it Candidate Trump said on the campaign trail ... you'd only need to plead the fifth if you were guilty!
Ah the 5th. amendment - proof that a user is guilty of a crime.
Excellent
Of course!
hmmm........according to his boss.....he's hiding something...ya know, "the Moron" has said many times before that folks taking "the 5th" are like mobsters and are hiding something, or are guilty....sooo....go figure....Hypocrisy at it's finest!!  So says F and F.
Didn’t Trump say while campaigning “ if someone was innocent why would anyone plead the 5th?”
Only Dems and Libs, as Lois Lerner, should be allowed to take the 5th! What is wrong with this guy thinking he has equal rights.?These conservatives are really getting quite pompous.
Swamp Mobster.
How is this breaking news.   CNN used to be a good news source.  I watched the other day as you once again vilified the police for taking a drunk woman out of the Waffle House.  The woman refused to listen to the management who called the police.  Then she refused to listen again

Hows you boy Cosby doing
3 2 1 No one cares.
Guilty!

Trump is so going down When do we get to start chanting ‘Lock him up’??
Showing total guilt....and Truth at the same time

Well, he is guilty.

This means he is guilty, otherwise he wouldn't shut up! #ImpeachTrump
Ohh ohh ohh
GUILTY
IMAGINE THAT??? Cohen is sweating his investigation by the Feds. NOT MUELLER DOING IT. They are going to hang him out to dry and it is probably time since he apparently has been "fixing" Trumps problems for a long time. Wonder if he has killed anyone in process of "fixing"????
Awesome...Go Cohen
Invoking the 5th amendment implies you're guilty
False..
That suit.....yuk.lol

Just like an idiot coward. 
He needs to be charged with a fashion crime for wearing that suit #eww
He asserts the Fifth Amendment rights so as not to have to testify and tell everyone that Trump authorized the hush money payment, an illegal campaign contribution.
...cuz that dont look guilty
Lock him up. Because if he doesn't roll on T. that is what will happen to him.
So it was okay when everyone being investogated in connection with the Hillary email thing did it but now that its Trumps lawyer it's bad. You're all a bunch of hypocrites. How can one be fine and the other be wrong? You folks are just bad.
No one cares about a stripper and a private citizen before said private citizen took a government job.  Now if you want to analyze all the people who've held government jobs and have existing relationships with strippers... I'm down with that.
He will be indicted
Not suprising that as the law is coming down on Cohen to divulge all he knows, little by little the famous are coming out like they really like trump...Stallone...Gulliani...Hanity....Kanye..its just the begining of a whole lotta mess for trump and his famous friends...tic, tock!
Oh my Fifth Amendment!
Trump said it best...only the guilty plead the 5th! Guilty as sin but his base will forgive him again!
#NothingBurger #Amirite
the words of an innocent man.....
Didn't Cohen indicate that he looked forward to taking a vacation on Stormy's dime? I guess he meant Stormy's contribution as a taxpayer...
-
Trump's personal lawyer M Cohen will assert his 5th Amendment rights in the Stormy Daniels hush money case
He gonna come out smelling like a rose when all done.
The fifth amendment is bullshit, we need to remove this rich privilege.
So only rich people can invoke the 5th?
What happened to the taunting and bravado?
Who the Hell, other than Kim Kardashian, would name their kid "Stormy"? I don't even think that is even a proper name to give to someone. I think that's more of a verb than a noun.
Oh I love it when crooks come with the 5th!
Oh than you have no story.. bummer for the Commie news network...
Stormy Daniels lawsuit and the left has already tried him as guilty. 8 Obama OFFICIALS pleaded the fifth.  Cohen is Trump’s lawyer, not a Trump official, he can do what he wants.  Typical hypocrisy from the left, do as I say, not as I do.
Wimp.
Imagine that! All the buffoon’s men#Obstruction #collusion #organizedcrime #organizedcrimesyndicate #Liars
Not surprised.
Well, he is a mob lawyer.
Trump said in a speech, only guilty ppl take the 5th. That is the one time he actually spoke the truth. I am sure, by now he will deny or spin it.
Whaaaaaaa, why, he’s innocent? 
The 5th; trump’s world!!
Why would you plead the 5th if you did nothing wrong! That’s because Trump and Cohen are guilty. If Cohen is worth Millions, why take 2nd on ur house. Really!!!!
If pleading the 5th makes you guilty then Hillary's server must ha ve been loaded with incrimina ting evidence. This from CNN.
@realDonaldTrump DO NOT CONGRATULATE
Aiding and abetting 45.
Why not Regular Stormy?




Coward Cohen just like his boss Terrible Trump
I would 2. I remember watching a number of Dems do this over and over and over while being questioned by Congress. Or did y'all forget CNN facts matter.
i believe we all need a 5th by now
No surprise there!  Just another cover up to add to the list.
But only guilty people invoke the 5th...lmao. Tick tock.
Good for him!
Trump is saying in a 3 simple words. 
Kiss my End. . . 
#guilty

Didn’t someone say, only the guilty plead the fifth????

Cohen is screwed
I would plea the fifth also...in today's liberal Democrat world, it's the only way.
In other words, guilty as hell.  You can tell the kind of person he is just by looking at him.  And he represents #DonaldTrump That says it all.
Isn't that the essence of being prejudice?  You can tell just by looking at him.
Did anyone really think he would say anything. Attorney client privilege and the fifth. Pretty much the same as Obama’s cronies did.
Of course he will
Yup...guilty AF!
Like Bill Clinton did and all the snowflakes praised.  Why the sudden change...idiots.
Good
Guilty
As Trump once asked “If you’re innocent, why are you taking the 5th?” I guess Cohen answered that question.
In trumps own words / he’s guilty as sin.  They call him Flipper Flipper !!
Lmfao,, in otherwords,, guilty AF!!!
Lol. And still no one cares.


It really annoys the Left that Cohen is pleading the fifth.  LOL  I love leftist commie whines.
Lerner FROM IRS DID THE SAME AND WAS OK FOR HER.
Paglian, Paul Combetta and Bill Thornton,Hillary Clinton's IT person all took the 5th!  If she was innocent and had nothing to hide why did he take the 5th??
Big surprise here.
How is this breaking news?!?!  An attorney pleading the 5th?  C’mon
Lock him up!
