
Ronny Jackson is a holdover from the two past administrations...
So what's this administration's excuse for nominating him, this attempt at a promotion falls squarely on Trump administration. If incompetent he should have been removed not promoted
I am so glad that Jackson will NOT be heading the VA! That is a victory for the Vets. It makes me very upset that Vets are being used like the Koch's and others are using them to make money. Just to make money! How sick is that?
This accusation should be easy to verify, no?
Right! So agree with you
I mean, that's pretty verifiable...right? Did you check out the accusation before you ran the story? Either it happened or it didn't.
Trump wrecking the government and the country while being a senile,racist,bigoted idiot , people with the sense to walk and breathe at the same time allege with more then enough proof to make the allegations stick.
OH BOY!!!!!! Trump's pick for Surgeon General shows us the kind of people that Trump is comfortable with in HIGH public offices and surrounding him. It gives me the notion these people would be highly black-mailable by Trump to get what he wants them to do. Doesn't sound good!!!!
Ronny is going to need a drink when he gets home
Maybe a couple pills too. That's ok he writes his own prescriptions
The allegations against Jackson
He'll fit right in
Yikes! Good thing he didn't leave his mistress to die in the wrecked car, because then he'd have to become senator of Massachusetts.

That's how it works, right?
Daniel, as a pastor and a Christian I am sure the care of our veterans is of the utmost importance to you. Why are you equating something that happened 40 years ago that is complete unrelated to this situation? Can’t we agree that he might not be the best choice?
CJ, as a fan of Monty Python can't we agree that sometimes a joke is funny, even when it's about serious matters?
Did this happen while he was Obama’s Dr? Did it happen at all?  Obama gave him rave reviews.
Mr Obama didn't offer him the VA to run
True. Trump has nominated him that’s why the dems and msm are suddenly bashing his reputation. If he was so bad then Obama should have fired him, not give him rave reviews.
If he was so bad why didn't Trump fire him? This is his ship and he alone nominated Ronnie.. can't put that blame on previous admins, when this admin retained him and nominated him.
These allegations just came out because he’s been nominated by Trump.  He’ll have to be questioned to figure out if any of it is true. All the things happened with the previous admin and they were fine with it. Trump wasn’t there.
He's been on the job for over a year. He continued to utilize Ronnie and had no issues with his behavior. You want to deflect by blaming past admins for new delegations by giving the current admin a pass that not only were ok with his actions but took it further and nominated him
Allegations, not delegations
I’m not deflecting blame I’m just stating that these are allegations that were before T.  Ambien supposedly is passed out to people on AF1 according to reports it’s done for many years, was never an issue.  He says reports of him drinking/crashing gov’t vehicle is untrue.
This behavior would not be tolerated for a roudy teenager. Now its the modus operandi of a US Cabinet nominee. Disgraceful.
Democrats destroy chance for veterans to have The Presidents' doctor ME TOO! @TheLeadCNN @CNNPolitics @FoxNews @TheDemocrats @HouseDemocrats @realDonaldTrump
This is a banana.
White House: No evidence that Ronny Jackson ‘wrecked’ a vehicle as president’s physician. Worth reading this  story:  https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/white-house-no-evidence-that-ronny-jackson-wrecked-a-vehicle-as-presidents-physician/2018/04/27/083cc9e8-4a39-11e8-9072-f6d4bc32f223_story.html?utm_term=.2cd686bf993a …
Also. A Democrat crashed a car drunk and killed a women a few years before that.

Has it occurred to anyone at CNN that you guys are HELPING president Trump by doing nothing but covering him 24/7?! This is not breaking news. Breaking news is the arrest of the GS Killer, not this.
Unsubstantiated people...
It has be retweeted many times and have you read these comments?  How many people believe this is the truth.  Why put it out there without verifying it? It's because you know people will think the worst without truth...job well done.
Breaking News?  Since when are unsubstantiated allegations breaking news. Worse than the National Enquirer FFS.
Ronny's dog fetching a potato that will be used to make vodka.
And I'm convinced that not 1 soul employed by @cnnbrk has ever been arrested.
Breaking news, people drink and drive
But let's put it out there anyway. Why not? So awful.
The whole administration is full of nothing but liars and deniers.
#NoHonour
First a drunk Papadopoulos raising havoc now this drunken fool. #MostCorruptAdministration
Was he drunk when he denied it?
Hell, guess he would fit right in with the rest of the White House losers.
Allegedly. 

 Msm is now just made up gossip
#FakeNews and an outright light. No document “alleges” this. No Democrats are circulating a document with NOT A SINGLE source named alleging it. 

There’s NO official document alleging anything.
Midas turned everything he touched into gold.

Trump turns everything he touches into shit.
Yeah, but he looks like he’s right out of central casting!! Isn’t that good enough for you people??!!
It's evident that the President is a poor judge of the best and the finest to serve this country. With Jackson serving  two past Presidents, only Trump decides he should head the VA with no real experience. Withdraw his name and end this circus.
Drunk driving aside. 

Reading these two paragraphs from the @washingtonpost, you can see why @realDonaldTrump wanted him. 

These two paragraphs are pretty much describing Trump. #MAGA

Usual MO: get the least qualified.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/va-nominee-faces-explosive-new-allegations-of-drinking-wrecking-government-vehicle/2018/04/25/d1a8e0b2-48c4-11e8-8b5a-3b1697adcc2a_story.html …

@cnnbrk https://twitter.com/cnnbrk/status/989247304287903744 …
He's a real charmer......
Just what we need is a drunk pill-pusher leading the VA.
A drunk, pill pusher with an awful temper. Sounds perfect.
Tank God he withdrew from the nomination. If he can total a government vehicle just imagine what he can do to a government agency.
Another “one of tRUMPS perfect liars” denying to the end, that none of the accusations were TRUE, of course NOT... At least we, the American public, the ones who DO NOT LIE ONA DAILY BASIS, like freaking tRUMP and the majority of the Republican party do.  Good riddance drunko.
I've seen alot of drunks in my life and his skin looks that that of a drunk....not rosacea.
commence to witch hunt tweets from @realDonaldTrump in 3, 2,1.... #somuchlosing #cantpickawinner
We’ve got women coming forward and admitting that the fucked Trump who assumed they wanted money. Where are the #RonnyJackson accusers ready for their 15 minutes?
Why is it taking so long to get my picks thru .... lol  maybe because your licks are not good enough.. just being your mates isn’t enough
he did not do as much wrong as said but he is not gvnmt material
FAKE NEWS.
Oh Please report facts not allegations, or you will become Crap Nonsense Nuts
When I first saw this guy giving Trumps health exam results, I told my wife this guy looks weird. Like He's on something. He has alcoholic looking skin and eyes. He looks on edge, hyper. His speech is fast and a little erratic.
allegations, that’s all Democrats have on this guy? I’m sick of these Democrats and their divisiveness. I hope Kanye starts rapping about these liberal clowns
The GOP wants him to run the V.A. so it will fail and they can privatize the agency. They will then let their donors run it into the ground with no regard for our Veterans!
What else is new.
...and Obama let him be his doctor? 

RONNY JACKSON, WHITE HOUSE USA DOCTOR AIN'T MAINTAINING: PROFESSIONALS & AVG SUBSTANCE ABUSE ADDICTS DRINK & OR DO DRUGS 24-7 IN ORDER TO MAINTAIN A LEVEL OF YOU-I EVERYDAY NORMAL @AP @UN @BBCWorld @NPR @tmz @ruestjacques @espn @latimes @NYDailyNews GET HELP; OR BOEHNER & BANNON
If those allegations are true, President Obama should have addressed the issue! End of story
I heard the story, he's the submarine commander
And the records say.....?
Cartoon Network (CNn), have you a thought of selling your wives to Iss for the story . Your organization is sickening.

new meaning to taking the 5th
Did CNN verify via a second reliable source? Of course not! It's not news..Its fake.
Ivanka Trump showing her incompetence again, ... she should be booted out and let someone who knows what their doing and did not have to get their daddy to give them a job, take over ...
More fake news!!!
Dr. Jackson's career reminds me my freshman year in college.

fits right into Trumps crooked"MOB"
Ha Ha FNN running out of lies....shut it down...lol
Allegations; accusations; no proof of any wrongdoing; it appears that when a person is not liked by some they can create a story and then it gets run on CNN as if they are true; Dr. Jackson, Rear Admiral has served this country for decades and all of a sudden he has past issues??
He probably “ doesn’t recollect” that incident!
What.  We all havnt done that at least 1nce...lol
Huh. Democrats lying again? I am shocked.
My God, CNN has not limit to how deep in hell they will go.
It sounds like he will fit right  into this white house
A dem document?  Hmmm that almost makes it fake
Well he is not cy going to stand up and say yep, I did it. This is a trump nomination after all.
Poop records
he even looks like a drunk from all his pics....even though you're driving, one more for the road Doc?
False! If that had happened he would have been court martialed and thrown out of the service!
Oh here comes the smearing ... go at it fake news
گول اروپایی ها را نخورید...اروپایی ها اهل معامله اند..بر سر ملت ایران..همیشه حقوق بشر را فدای قراردادهای اقتصادی میکنند..
let's see how fast Trump and his miscreants blame prior administrations for this....instead of taking ownership of NOT doing due diligence in properly reviewing this person.....
More documents from the democrats? Haha how much they pay for that one?
Said the most liberal news network
Pure politics and liberal obstruction.  Watch the blue wave Peter out come Nov.

Those democrats should be sued for slander
Lol, he became a white house MD in 2006, was appointed role of physician to the president by Obama. Get your story straight @cnnbrk
The #QUACK said obese @realDonaldTrump could live to be 200 years old. Not only did the #CandyMan stroke tRUMP's ego, he probably stroked a little something else
Drunk @RonnyJacksonMD
If he did so, I'm sure that there is proof.
Oh good.. More rabbits out of the hat........poor guy, must not hv thought he wud be going under the knife without anesthesia.......
Obama sure did love him. Now that Trump wants to promatoe him its a problem. This is more grandstanding and obstructing by the police state democratic party who wants to control everything and everyone. We cant elect a president they dont like without them acting like lunatics.
Yet he was Physician to the President since 2013, and appointed by Barack Obama? Hmmmm, perhaps he's only unqualified now because Trump is President and the Dems want to attack any way possible.
So much DRAMA follows Trump.... so sad lol
Proof? It’s CNN so I’m highly suspicious

Hell, if that's the standard... explain Ted Kennedy?...
Regardless, Jackson does not have the experience necessary to run a department of 360,000 employees and provide badly needed leadership inside the VA. OUR VETERANS DESERVE MUCH BETTER. Shame on Trump for giving this nomination less consideration than last night's dinner menu.
# Birds of a feather!
Speculation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Gee guys at CNN you have a job, you may have a drink occasionally.. you may accidentally wreck a car. Why do you make this seem like the biggest crime of the century. TAKE A LOOK IN YHE MIRROR!
Ohhh, he's an alcoholic. That explains his blathering and lying about Trump's physical results.
he deny it, or did he 'totally deny" it?  it matters.

Of course he does. He doesn’t remember it.
Really, You sure you do not want to report that he was caught picking his nose and flicking the item on a public walkway (Littering). Geesh CNN, Grow up
Fire who ever didn’t report this at the time and covered it up.#obama
Then why didn’t this come up when Obama was President?
So - we are looking for perfection.   People that have never made mistakes in their lives?   Ok....got it.
@POTUS

Why does this not surprise me?
Where's the Navy in all of this...after all he is a one star admiral going for two...
This is how he gets along with trump , they both are liars !
At least he didn’t leave a girl to drown...
Well if he did, it’s public record
Ok, so he is fine to be the President’s physician?  Didn’t vet until now?  Looks like a smear campaign in the works.  So tired!
I stopped reading the moment you said “democratic document”.   That’s just a nice way to say used toilet paper.
Opps
Trump was with you when it happen
keep it abstract everyone
And you claim "the most trusted name in news?"
prolly kicked a dog dish too
Dem heads are exploding. They will do anything to undermine our President. Anything.
The teenagers at @cnnbrk tattletaling again.
Oh no you don’t CNN. You don’t get to play the victim card touting free press. Free press assumes a minimum level of standards. It assumes reporting facts objectively not attack the President 24/7.  The public is not that dumb. #fakenews
He's next in line to get canned.... Eat your heart out, James Comey!
Suck it CNN
Why is he even under consideration for this position?
Cheryl, do you know something no one else knows?
Fun Fact: Dr. Ronny Jackson, who was recently nominated to the rank of 'Rear Admiral', was the last individual to give Trump a prostate exam. 
#nepotism
Did you see this document?
Here is the problem, these stories are not collaborated but yet you print them to tarnish this admirals impeccable reputation . Where is Obama on this man? Again he hides as everything that is being said happened on his watch !! Has Obama ever stood behind his people!!!
Remember a now infamous Democratic document with lots of Russian claims and lies and failed epically? You really want to hang your hat on another uncorroborated Dem document? Seems like a solid strategy. 
Lol... the dems are really scrapping bottom..
That’s the guy who said Trump could live to 150 he must be a drunk.

And the beat goes on.
Nobody wants to be in the trump funk!!
I hope he sues the fuck out of you !!!he said its not true and you run the story
Opinion: If Dr Ronny Jackson is confident these are false allegations, he should go before the committee and proved his innocence, and if the allegations are found to be true, he should immediately resigned, and if the allegations are untrue, his accusers should be fired.
Are you sure that wasn’t Ted Kennedy!
Omfg
Driving drunk is a prerequisite to be a Democrat so..if true, then he should do just fine!
Another lieing Republican. The car is the evidence. Now Ronny is all done.
What do you do with a drunken sailor..OOOOOOOOO!
What’s a Democratic document? Aren’t documents neutral?
Wouldn’t an event like this be easy to verify.  Does the democratic document include any official report or record.  Why does everything CNN reports use allegations instead of facts?
Obama wrecked this country, where was Domcrats when that was going on??
Typical Trump pick
I'm more concerned about the fact that he violated many laws as "the candy man" and why did Obama not fire him?
What kind of boss hires people without vetting and has to replace so many employees in such a short period of time? if he was running any other company he would be fired! trump sucks!
Ask Obama, he was his WH Dr too. And these things would have happened under Obama.
why not...? Everything else has been a disappointment!
Got any PROOOPH??? 
his boss is about to wreck the whole nation
Alternate headline: We hate Trump and Trump's pick to lead the VA..... shot a cow at 5 paces, drinks super glue, and eats cats.
That's worse than acid washing 33,000 emails.
He’s a boozer. How much evidence do they need???
Unfit to to be a MD
Was it on Russian vodka??
Good!
Is he still impeccable, WH?
Democrats and CNN lie
More fake news. Just run with it CNN. Check ur sources. This is not true at all. Shame on you.
SHE'S FUCKING DRUNK TOO!
Theresa May 'wants to use an army of computerised Trump "mind-readers" to help her win the next Election' 
SOURCE: http://archive.is/VocP0  
Well OF COURSE a Denial...That is all they do that stupid bunch
I see nothing wrong here.
#AliunWaliullah
