Why wouldn’t they? This must’ve been an incredibly traumatic event that everyone on the plane will remember forever.
So money will help them get over it??
So you wouldn't file a lawsuit? You'd take a "I'm sorry" and be good with it? Riiiiight. Easy to say for you. You weren't thousands of feet in the air with only 1 engine working, 1 passenger already dead, thinking this is it to yourself. FOH. Millions makes that better, yes!
So southwest  planned it.  Got it.
of course its ez money
So u think it easy to lose a loved one.....it not..so it not easy money....makes u look bad!
The passenger who filed the lawsuit didn't lose a loved one.... what are you talking about?
Southwest deserves what's coming to them for their gross negligence to put everyone's life on that plane at risk.
Are you kidding? There is an inherent risk every time you get on an airplane, car, boat or train. The passenger should be kissing the pilot’s feet and thanking God she is alive!
I think you're kidding! The airline knew that the engine had a problem, didn't take care of it and continued to operate the airplane with the dangerous engine! The pilot was great! The passenger is not suing the pilot! She is suing the airline for their gross negligence.
Payday because of someone else's death
Instead of a money grab, you should be kissing the feet of the Southwest pilot who saved your life.   Southwest Airlines took great care in the incident.
How stupid and frivolous is this lawsuit!  @SouthwestAir inspected the engine prior, no issues.  It’s a random incident and horrible accident and this woman filing the suit, is trying to make money on a horrible random accident!
There's one at every party.
Sue happy America
Took longer than I thought for a lawsuit to be filed.
"I'm emotional not dead that'll be 20 grand, thanks."
Lol I needed a laugh
I'd be grateful for my life. Bad karma
How can you sue when you're dead
That's usually where your family picks up the slack.
It's another passenger suing.
Of course an American has filed a law suit. What else is new?
Can I sue the passenger
MONEY? Any time!
If she was wearing her damned seat belt, she wouldn't get sucked out.
she WAS wearing her seatbelt which was why she WASN’T sucked out...she died from head trauma when the window next to her head shattered....
What a wanker cashing in on some poor families heart break
Some people need to read their ticket before you buy it.
Oh, please. What a joke.
Money grabbing shite hawk
Suing because the Airlines pilot’s saved her life?  Wow, gratitude.
Here goes money hungry people. It was an accident and they were compensated $5000
My god ?!! Why? Isn’t the person glad they survived? The pilot is a superstar.
Predatory to say the least
Only one ? I'm surprised
In USA everyone wants their piece of cake (money) after any tragedy ...
I don’t blame them
Take them for every last penny,send a message to industry safety first or it will be costly.
I think that all airlines need to have everyone sign something that absolves them from any legal repercussions in the event that something fails on a plane that is beyond the pilot's or airlines' control. Nobody held a gun to your head & made you board that plane. Get real.
I don't think it's going to be in favor for the passenger since this is an unforeseeable event that can occur on any day to day basis.
 Juve °• #BritainsGotTalent °•
Breaking
8 Syrian●soldiers were•killed and their●advance foiled in•the Tadamun neighborhood,●south of Damascus https://twitter.com/eraxqsaxbg89tw1/status/990359570655645696/photo/1pic.twitter.com/PbpfsXDP6o 
Not everything is a lawsuit. I wish people would understand that.
Get that money  

All the people tweeting that they’d never sue:
I wish we were more like Japan (if I remember correctly), if you want to sue, you have to put a down payment according to the amount asked in the lawsuit.
For most cases that would end frivolous lawsuits. Now in some cases where loved ones are actually killed due to absolute negligence, there should be little to no down payment
Something is happening fleetwide.
http://www.kathrynsreport.com/2016/08/southwest-airlines-boeing-737-incident_27.html …
Of course, duh 
Unless they were injured they're in it for the $$$, imo.
Probably the first of many.
You are not coming thru anymore on my DROID MAXX.  It may be due to McAfee.
So she's suing the airline that killed someone but she survived? Also, she claimed she had severe distress yet was calling and messaging her loved ones? I can see a massive increase in tickets in the future for all thanks to one idiot.
Good luck with that , risk you take every time you fly .
Surprise surprise!!!  Uh, that was sarcasm, just in case.

Amazing, all she was doing was sitting there, yet she has all these symptoms.... disgusting greed. She should be on her knees thanking God she wasn't the one sucked out the window....
Everyone who boards a plane knows there is a risk of this particular error problem or a airplane crashing. They know this getting on board, but we as people get on anyway. So there is no lawsuit if we can predict that we have a 50/50 chance of making it off a plane alive...
Took that long?
Imagine that
the rest of the world are indifferent
Things break. It happens. Nothing is 100% safe. Passengers expect everything to go perfectly fine & that is the wrong thinking. You can either live or die or get hurt when boarding a plane. That is a chance you take. But, that does not equal a lawsuit.
I' HAVE ALWAYS HEARD WHEN 
I' WAS A LITTLE BOY THE
OLDER PEOPLE WOULD SAY.
IF 'GOD' HAD INTENDED FOR
MAN TO FLY HE WOULD HAVE
GIVEN HIM WINGS.
As they should
BREAKING NEWS
This is breaking news?
GOOD LUCK WITH THAT!!
Guess what, there are dangers in flying. Shit happens.
 Juve ଡ #BritainsGotTalent ଜ 2 Shi'ites were଼killed by gunfire in଼Quetta city in western଼Pakistan
 Juve = #BritainsGotTalent = An Afghan policeman;;was killed and another^was wounded in a;;bombing with an^explosive device in;;Jalalabad city in^Nangarhar
 Rick Nash >> #IndependentBookstoreDay >> 2 Afghan intelligence◇members and 5 policemen●were killed in two◇bombings in the Khalis●Famili area in Jalalabad●in eastern Afghanistan
airplane type in either the article or lawsuit is wrong
ର #IndependentBookstoreDay ର 2 Shi'ites wereନkilled by gunfire ୱin Quetta city in ନwestern #Pakistan
Cheap. And also, not going to happen.
