“Homemade submarine” yeah, that doesn’t sound sketchy at all.
You never get caught the first time.
Thousands are caught the first time.
Thousands?
Worldwide
Forgive me but he is still alive breathing and eating behind bars he mutilated this woman sometimes I think the punishment doesn't fit the crime
Amen to that his life since he took her life
i think it's perfect that he has to reflect on his life in prison for the rest of his life instead of getting a quick death
Well you are a very kind humanitarian I do not think he will reflect on his past he has no heart and I do not care about his soul he took everything from his victim we should take everything from him
i could see that perspective (:
Average life sentence in Denmark however is only 16 years and if he is being admitted to Denmarks new maximum secirity prison, he will live like this:
Idk if he’ll go there. That place is designed to change people and he’s serving life so he doesn’t really need to change.
Life in Denmark isnt life. Average life is 16 years, with possibility for parole after 12 years. He's 47, so may be out in his early 60's
Not true. Life is life. The average jail time right now is 17 years, but he may be jailed for longer than that (see the case of Peter Lundin, currently 17 years, or Naum Conevski, currently 32 years) - it's up to the courts to decide when the time comes.
Two unique cases and exceptions. As you say yourself, with average 16/17 years, it isn't life. You might then also want to clarify your point with your colleague Birger Andersen, whos reporting live from the courts.
Palle Sørensen, 33 years. William Brorson, 32 years. Seth Sethsen, 31 years. Claus Berggren, 25 years.

Point is: There’s no automatic exit after X amount of years when you’ve been sentenced to life.
Better
Really?
A homemade submarine? Why tho?
Where is his mugshot or photo? Why bury it in the article?
@MyFavMurder @GHardstark @KarenKilgariff plz do this one
the only way "homemade submarine" isn't a terrible combination is if it's immediately followed by "sandwich"

In other @MyFavMurder news, we’re getting justice all over the world today!
Really? You do know 'life' in Denmark in reality is 12 to 15 years?
No, it’s not. “Life” in prison is “life” in Denmark. He can seek parole after 12 years, but most likely he’ll stay in prison for the rest of his miserable life. Luckily we don’t have many cases of this caliber, but we do have murderers serving 30+ years.
Let's hope so, but that's not what it said on the news. Maybe they were wrong.
In Denmark there is also justice .
http://www.punchng.com/protests-in-benue-as-herdsmen-kill-two-catholic-priests-17-others-inside-church/ …

so bad that such news about Nigeria will never be heard in CNN
Life in prison is too good for him. WHAT he did is unthinkable.
Horrible monster not a man.
Why the need to call him an "inventor" he didn't invent submarines, rockets, torture or dismemberment. He is a killer. A murderer. Not an inventor
Then again this is really punishment considering the type of lavish “prisons” they have.
way to go!
Is too bad wat a shame
How do you disappear from a submarine
Poor girl probably thought she was going to the submarine races. RIP.
Put him back in the sub and sink it!
+1
Agree, Scott Jones. Tragic and bizarre story. I remember hearing about this story last year. I believe he stated the top sub hatch fell on her head and he simply did away with the body. Sounds made up. May she Rest In Peace.
And may he rot
My million dollar question is why did he do that to her
Not clear. All I can guess from whatever I know from being friend for a years is 1) something about CS triggered him 2) sexual shit 3)insane 4)all of that.

I'm not a psych or police just guessing by random internet stranger who got a chance to learned some rocket stuff from him.

Disclaimer : I'm not CS nor RML, just amateur rocket builder growing up with legacy of HEAT-1X and got a chance to know him. Feel betrayed. I don't care about him now, only Fessor I cared about after the incident. Helpfully this gorgeous cat got a better owner.
Justice rightfully caught up with Peter Madsen, but it's a shame that it is not going to bring back Kim Wall. May you Rest in Peace, Kim.
As it should be
That’s beyond creepy homemade sub..... who would get in that anyway??? I have to read this story
@KarenKilgariff @MyFavMurder !!!
I bet he's getting that sinking feeling
@Colleen_Cass
