
Hang the bastard
Probly a black person that just hated cops because his momma never tought him shit  I read stuff on here oh must not of been black because he got arrested and not shot well your racist comments work both ways .
Any “good” cops? #ACAB
There are many, most of them in fact.
There are no good cops...
Wrong.
Cops need  stop being racists training
When’s the march?
Don’t hold you’re breath. 
Guess I’ll have to settle for burning down my loca CVS
No matter what we can not be shooting our own guardians, our police. They protect us in so many ways. Think of all the times we honor them for running toward evil putting their lives at risk in emergencies. Think of the battered wife, child, pet our police go to stop the abuse.
he got arrested? welp I know he isn't black then
Aint that the truth. Still thousands of gang bangers on the streets terrorizing communities. Wish they would arrest them all and throw away the key. #DOWNWITHBLACKPRIVILEGE
yea agreed wish they'd arrest all gang members of all races... and black privilege?? hmm tell me is there something you can't do that a black person can get away with? (assuming you're white)
Yeah, I cant go into a starbucks, refuse to buy something or leave, get purposely arrested, then sue the company. Just one example of many.
#ACAB
Oh, we have a radical here who thinks he should be able to do whatever he wants. If you dont like policing, move to South America
Oh sweet child...
Policing is what keeps us a civilized society numb nuts, if you dont like cops then dont break the law.
If he was black the cops would have unloaded their weapons on him
Well if he was arrested we know he isn't a black man
I pray for the officers that is critical injured and their families
And what's that going to do...please explain.
Good... so tired of people shooting at officers 
I am so tired of cops shooting unarmed black men in the back
This great news!!
@POTUS another shooting!
I can hear the Trumptards screaming now!
Cops better stop being racist or that’s the future.
Who will stop your racism?
Better arm the ... Oh, wait.
To my Dallas peeps sad day man.
Open Borders Advocate Anally Raped by Migrant. A migrant anally raped an open borders advocate who hung out with him and his friend to prove she wasn’t “xenophobic.” The migrants, who were from Afghanistan according to the Växjö District Court.
this is why you are fake news.....Lying by omission, also known as a continuing misrepresentation, occurs when an important fact is left out in order to foster a misconception. Lying by omission includes the failure to correct pre-existing misconceptions.
Stand with officers who serve...prayers!
Nous vivons dans la violence, mais ne suivrons pas la violence.
#fuccthepolice
fuk u
Black people need to go back to Africa
Dem&Rep elected POTUS to #MAGA have to protect their victory against Muellerosity, Clintobama- estoblashmont. Borderless Lawless Crooks to apply for wages not from taxpayers but from UruguSanvamonella in foreign groceries. Antibiotics from Canada&guts from Congo in shooting bzs
This wouldn't have happened if those cops would have had guns too.
I don't think arming everyone in the country (including teachers) is the right answer.
Police is already armed with AR15s and given this 'mentality', I think police officers should patrol the streets in armored hummers armed with .50cal machine guns or 30mm auto cannons!

Dem&Rep elected POTUS to #MAGA not for Pelosi Congress of gridlock-Muelosity designed by accomplices in Chinese coup attempt against USgov & MSM served mayhem they put us through. Peace in entire world & prosperity of US we all Americans fighting for by supporting POTUS- amazing
With any luck there will be several squirrels that run out in front of the patrol vehicle while transporting the accused to the jail and the officer will need to slam on the brakes to avoid the precious animal in the roadway!!
well, did the cops have phones in their hands?

...shot TWO officers and lived to tell about it!? That man can’t be black!
He’s Mexican
Meanwhile the NRA is like
I blame John Legend.  I mean why not since were in the business of blaming those that are not responsible.
Bet I can guess what he wasn’t
Damn
It is good that he was caught alive, now he is waiting for trial and punishment, not liberation through death
Texas is fucked up I'm never going there
Hang him
This will be forgotten about since it was a minority and he didn’t use a sporting rifle.
acab
Arrested? I guess he is white.....
Nope, Hispanic. You tried
