The mountain is collapsing on itself. They are closing an inoperable testing facility
they still have the ability to conduct tests:

Now who should be getting that Nobel Prize again? Obama for setting the Middle East on fire with a short speech in Cairo or Trump who may actually bring peace to the Korean Peninsula?




These seems to good to be true. All I can picture is the scene from Mars Attacks where the alien leader and the president meet to discuss peace, everything is calm at first, but then all hell breaks loose.
When something sounds like it's too good to be true it usually is.
I agree
Or you are just in denial

Only the dankest will survive

FAKE NEWS
Can't wait to see him hug Trump 
what a time to be alive. Not expecting automatic unification but this is a positive step. Korea deserves some form of peace and positive direction!!
bullshit
Hmmm, I just don't trust him
Oh, great!

Is that before or after the mountain will collapse?

#NorthKorea
#ShamDisarm
Never trust "good news."
Selling the world on closing an already collapsed nuclear test site... this is an obvious scam, kinda like junk bonds.
Why do you say that? Explain the trouble.
Yes he will invite US experts to show them where nukes are not and not where they actually are
Did it NOT collapse after the last test?
That is why he is shutting it down  its already fu****
Thanks to Trump
Now america and @realDonaldTrump will swoop in and claim they were behind this entire thing and thats why Kim gave up. #TypicalAmericans
Well all Kim Jung Un needed was someone more batshit crazy than he is to change
hahaha point!
Does anyone else think something's not quite authentic about this??
They're very cuddly for arch enemies, hugs, holding hands, smiles...wonder if there is fluttering of the eyelashes too?!
HAHAHA!  What kills me is the closeness of the hips...it's disturbing frankly...

#KimJongUn #bodyguard #bodyguards #NorthKorea #SouthKorea #KoreaSummit #KoreanWar #KoreanUpdates #koreandrama #Korean #MercedesBenz #Limousin #MoonJaeIn #FridayFeeling #Friday …
he's lying actually. The nuke tests failed, scientists killed and he's out of money. They buy into his lies. Smart politics! 
I hope things are looking up but when something sounds too good to be true it usually is.
This was not supposed to sound "too good to be true". This is the way humans should behave.
I agree but this is reality
Sure
I wish Kim can just snap out of it, it's a trap!!! Next thing there will be "riots" against him driven by "NGOs", then they will accuse his soldiers of killing the people. The US will then bring "democracy". The role of this agents called "journalists" wil be to spread fake news.
Wow! History in the making!
I do not trust this deal for a moment. Someone like Kim is not giving up his powerful toys and control. Time will show us what's behind this scam.
Ya right!! And I have land to sell you in Canada.
Snuggles!
This must have killed you all to write this
Trump wins again
Thank You, Donald, for stopping one of Americas biggest threats
I can’t help but sing the dirty dancing song  when I see this picture  now I’ve...had...the time of my life....no I neverrrrr felt this way before... 
: ANOTHER HUGING, 
Koreans: nort/south thought, if Trump, and Macron can hag, why we can not kiss, and hug as well*****


Kim Jong Un is quite the portly fellow
Because it is leaking radioactive materials. The west is also invited to come on down and have a looksy.
Isn't our President the best! Wake up America and support our great President Donald J. Trump
He's shutting it down because it collapsed, he has no choice. Lol
Thanks to president Trump. You forgot that in your headline #cnnfakenews
Shutting down a nuclear test site??  Ok, but where are you storing all the nuclear weapons you have built?  One thing does not lead to another!
miracle
Send all NBC and CNN people please.

Thank you President Trump
This is all happening because of the POTUS
Kim Jong Un is inviting U.S. inspectors to North Korea?!!! Making nice with S. Korea? Reminds me of newsreels of Neville Chamberlain waving a peace agreement Hitler signed while he crowed "Peace in our time!" He didn't get the Nobel Peace Prize and neither will Misty  President.
#TrumpNobelPeacePrize
Wow this is all very good news for us and the rest of the world
Progress. It will be interesting to see MSM cover this story and listen to them downplay Trump’s role.  50+ yrs trying it to old way without any progress. 1 1/2 yrs with Trump and we have great progress.
I hope this is real. How grand it will be for the families on both side of North and South Korea to finally be able to get together. This will be down the road, now just having both Leaders to meet and cross their borders. Great to know Pres.Trump help this happen.

Stuff just keeps on getting older... Redated to 11,500 years old, the Shigir piece is about the same age as Gobekli Tepe. An interesting time all over the world -- the end of the Younger Dryas. https://phys.org/news/2018-04-wooden-shigir-idol-egyptian-pyramids.html …
Thanks @realDonaldTrump
Bravo Kim jung un
This Does Not Pass The Smell Test.
How about @kizzabesigye1 and @KagutaMuseveni, @AmamaMbabazi having such a meeting over coffee
This prom pic is V cute.
what are they gay
so what about war you guys  have been desperately waiting to be initiated by @realDonaldTrump ! It must be disappointing to you
The guy become good leader over night and start amazing the world 
Thanx Donald Trump,
regular triangle
Kudos @realDonaldTrump 

CNN change the headline to the above
Sound like a set up....
Is Kim Jong Un going to pull a Star Wars
I give Credit to @POTUS for his frantic Efforts. We continue to pray for him to be successful in all ramifications. For @BarackObama we will never forgive you the War in #Libya you aided(we are suffering with insurgency in West Africa Countries as a result of your bad admin.)
Congrats Mr Kim Jong Un !!!
Thank you President Trump
He's following footsteps of Libyan leader Gaddafi and will face same situation.
Like a prom picture
i am still not convinced.  caveat emptor.
How is this not collusion to keep mr. T a viable leader of the free land.
The test site that collapsed and is unusable?

Wow, what a win!

He is playing everyone fer fools.
I think Mother Nature already shut down his test site.
The actors are leaving the play=this means serious business - disastrous conditions are here.
this us unbelievably surprising! That's what a strong and cerebral president can bring. #My respect @realDonaldTrump!
I thought I heard that North Korea's Nuclear Test site was destroyed from a mountain collapse this year. And couldn't use it again anyway. So Is Kim Jong Un faking shutting it down now?
tu é o kim de oculos
Peace deal Trump made with N&S Korea:1) Koreas hug and makeup as one Huge and Fantastic Unified Korea 2)Trump personally signs over to HaFUK, the actual deed to California 3) HaFUK will enjoy living in the US, but not as legal citizens, which is what Gov. Moonbeam was asking for.
Nobel Peace Prize for them.
Seems legit.......
Ah yes, the lesser known belly-to-belly diplomatic hug.
This just kills you to report doesn't it.....
How about all the other test sites! There should be no truce unless everything nuclear is shutdown, dismantled and verified.
My guess this is Trump’s negotiation. Don’t think he is as gullible as Obama. We are in good hands.
Agreed.
Let's double check this elsewhere folks! So much #fakeNews at #CNN ..got to be careful !
Is this true  or did you hear it from a random twitterer or fox news?
Huh? 6 followers ?! 
Now that's weak ! And it show a waste man coming with a purpose folks!
Follow is your best move.
Hmmmm. Something smells a little -y.
Yeah the test site collapsed so he doesn’t have a place to test so why not turn it into a political win
I was thinking NK had a more sinister plan...
Thank you President Donald Trump!
...for doing nothing.
Have fun living in your fantasy dream world.
Give credit where it is due... @POTUS
To the test site that collapsed? Cuz that’s what happened

Isis routed and NK ready to surrender is all just coincidence you know.  The trade agreement renegotiations, just cause other countries feel sorry for us. The economy, it won’t be his until it collapses, the last year and 1/4, pff, none of Trumps  doing. 
As much as you hate him... He has done a very good job with NK!! Just gotta deal with it sir.
That was sarcasm. I don’t hate anyone and I give credit where it’s due. He’s far, I mean far from a great guy, but he’s done some work that’s good for the country and the world. The hate for him makes me laugh, the hyperbole is gold.

The only thing Trump had to do with that meeting is, both parties realized they would be better together. Especially dealing with Trump.
Top 10 anime couples.
MAGA! Thank you Mr. Trump
It's a tarp!

Wow look at them. They are so ready to make a historic kiss. HAHAHA
Must be a trap.
nothing going to fucking happen. South korea and north korea met 3 times in the past couple decades lmao and nothing happened.
The oppression of North Korea and its people will not be a dynamic change. nor will kim
Everyone who's like "I don't trust him." Kim is ending the Godking Regime of NK. He has no fuckin reason to lie about this.
Imran khan pakistani opposition leader here is a breaking news for you
Is it?
Just kiss already you 2
All Trumps doing.
Close down the concentration camps too please
That picture is hot.
Sounds good
We'll see!
are they gay for each other?
Dont believe on him
Its just an strategy from book ART OF WAR
Im shaking even more

This reminds me of the red wedding
This sounds like a trap if i have ever heard one.
#NorthKorea needs a new Marshal Aid plan to rebuild the country.
Bromance? These two are dating now?
Wake me up when they hold a free and fair election
Disturbing photo
I am sorry but the picture looks like they are having sex. There wasn’t a better one?
Me Macon-President Rump- & I'l are gonna means hae Pink Ladies ah Il's Hoel Room!Ewe're having a Pary in Rumps But everyone is Cumming!
Weird lovers
This was all orchestrated by the best Presiythis country has ever had. Thank you President Trump. 
I don't trust this guy, he's up to something. SK wiseup!!!



I don't believe this.if n.korea did that Iran will continue it's way.
May I have the next dance ?
Brilliantly played, President Trump. Great Job!
It’s only temporary.  Everybody should know this.
Bravo !
They're already shut down. He can't financially support to keep the open. This is a non-issue that is being heralded as this great accomplishment by @realDonaldTrump. Trump is going to agree to remove troops under the guise of bringing them home and saving $$. NK gives up zilch
NK won't give up anything,  the sanctions are working and with exception of the military their people are suffering...they are running out of money.  They will usurp anything good in SK and want the US out of SK so they can't be monitored.  They need to sign peace treaty...
ALL OF THIS,   THANKS TO TRUMP,   NO ONE ELSE,  TRUMP DID THIS  ,  NOT WASHINGTON,  TRUMP,   TRY REPORTING THAT WASHINGTON,   GIVE TRUMP THE NOBEL PAEACE PRIZE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Time for CNN to give our President his due, he got this done when no other president had the will or balls to do so
Why are they dong to dong
this we all hope will be the case, BUT i'll believe it when it happens
Does anyone really believe he would give up the one thing in his mind that's places NK on the same playing field as the US or other superpowers.
#KimJongUn #NorthKorea #Insane Says He’ll Give Up Weapons #Nukes if #USA #Promises Not to Invade? https://nyti.ms/2KmbsCA  #JustLike #NativeAmericans did #DrEd #EdWardMD
Thanks obama!
Really........
Maybe these two guys should get the Nobel instead of Trump ...his tweeting could just could have led to war, however, it was Jong-un who took the high road, for whatever reason, and talked, finally, for peace.
If ANYONE with an IQ above Ape believes that this freak show suddenly had a life changing epiphany and will welcome the West with open arms, you are clearly as unstable as the two psychopaths claiming to meet! It's absolute total bullshit!! Watch!

But will he let his people travel into South Korea to work and convert there? That's the question!
What's happening between the Koreas is the largest slave auction in history. It will legitimize & perpetuate Kim Jong-un's concentration camp state and of course he will not give up his nukes. Kasparov
Wasn't it reported that the site collapsed? Of true, he probably had no choice but to shut it down.
I trust this clown as much as I trust @SenSchumer and other leftists that have done everything to impede Trump to succeed the Tax Paying Workin Americans. China, Russia and  the communists that have infiltrated our nation can’t be trusted.
smoke and mirrors 

Let me guess, he tried bottoming for the first time and LOVED it.

ABALONE SHELL COMPEL NORTH & SOUTH "K"
Kim Jun-un blew up the nuclear test site w/ the last hydrogen bomb! they can't use that site anymore, atleast for the next 10000yrs or so, thats common sense people!! We don't seem to have much of that these days, sad!
Why are you not reporting the reason for the shutdown of the test site is that it collapsed and is leaking radiation. Tell the full story! @abcnews @CBSNews @NBCNews
@realDonaldTrump everyone needs to unequivocally acknowledge the Presidents achievement.
Only due to mountain collapsing
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!!
Ruse.
Thank you President Trump.  He deserves the Nobel Peace Prize.
Why does Moon look a bit like Farage?
Sure!
세계 최고에 지도자
김정은  문재인 이다.
A well orchestrated trap POTARD will probably take credit for. Anyone ever seen “Big Bang in Pyongyang?” Interesting parallelisms.
CNN yesterday: "It's not all of Korea. They are just talking about the DMZ THAT WOULD BE DEMILITARIZED and denuclearized." A false, absurd and ridiculous statement that proves she doesn't even know what "DMZ" STANDS FOR. So stupid. #FakeNews
Something is fishy in Denmark
They wrecked that site end of last year as it imploded after last test. So no loss!!!

문재인 김정은 두분은
위대하다.

최고에 보물이다.
"To good, To be True"...?
Way to go, Korea!
It is amazing the comments on THIS thread. Acting like they are North Korean experts. Bunch of sorry ass people
One is saying to the other, ‘Am I pleased to see you or did I just put a canoe in my pocket?’
it's a ruse, his test site mountain imploded.  so he needs to stall for awhile.

They say that wearing black is slimming...
This sounds to shady for me, the calm before the storm.
DO NOT allow #DonaldTrump to try and take credit for this.  Trump gets more repulsive by the day
People let me tell about my best friend...starts playing in the background...and they have that 70's show montage...in...5...4...3...2...
Miracles happen
Thanks to Trump!

Big mistake. I give him about 5 years, and he'll be like Saddam, Gaddafi and the rest of them.
OMG CNN...they are hugging....must be a "bromance" or is there a secret love affair? For a channel that has an anchor that is gay, you sure love to make fun of straight people hugging or cheek kissing. But cant say anything towards them!
I don't trust the North Korean they are doing this for a reason to try and invade South Korea something just don't look right !
The Truth About Mohammad
https://youtu.be/EuZvtcrL7B0 

For questions

http://www.islamreligion.com/ 
Kim Jong Un is growing up so fast.
Report the FACTS.
hey @CNN @BBCWorld @FoxNews @abcnews @NBCNews @MSNBC wake up - why aren't you calling this out more instead of proclaiming it some victory - this is a temporary PR stunt
North Korean dictator wants to take over South! Be Leary of folks who kill off family members in order to take control!
This all seems fishy to me. All the sudden the annoying a-hole kid that no one liked is having a house party inviting everybody and acting like everyone’s best friend
