just another day in the US... bang bang
It’s a sad statement on society when a situation like this is met with complacency and acceptance. These events should not be the norm and are tragedies that should treated as such.
I hope they are ok.  
Good guys with guns didn't help this time. But we still can't have a conversation about guns. Unfortunate.
Payback for all the African Americans gunned down by police.  Good for them.
Hoping you are not serious. Otherwise, hope hell is cool.
Really? Are all of the negative comments really necessary? Who cares what race the person was.. the NRA is not responsible in any way. Neither are other gun owners. Grow up, America and start pulling together in hopes the violence will end.
UK here how many mass shootings we had one it never happened again
They just use knives and vans
How many highschools got taken out with knives remind me
Ask Toronto how many people can be taken out with a van..
Not to worry. US beats Canada in road fatalities too. By that I mean the US has more per capita.
Not exactly the same thing. More cars on the road because of more people.. again, law of averages..
We have less guns. No school shootings since dunblane go figure!
Something is going SO wrong with our country.
Thoughts and prayers.
The dallas police just arrested the Cop Killer.
Sad news indeed.. I hope they recover.
The slaughter continues...
The madness must stop! #GunReformNow 

More heartbreak for the Dallas PD. So tragic.
If you think getting the right weapons will bring you a lower rate of firearm attacks, you're wrong! the certainty of civil disarmament on the part of these madmen and criminals will only bring them many more innocent deaths. Do you want an example?
Funny thing is that most of the killers have been pro trump white supremacist lately.
Ambushed by a Coward
CNN will blame Trump and rejoice.
Then Faux will blame black people and rejoice

America is so united thanks to tRump
Black people are repressed as are the 33 million whites and 5 million hispanics. It is a new world and we are all in it together.  No more collective guilt.
Yeah bc white people are shot for holding a cell phone too  or arrested for sitting in a Starbucks, or shot at for asking for directions
Yes exactly.  White people are shot far more than blacks.  And this idea that there is a difference when the numbers are there needs to be addressed.  Clops shoot more white.  Black peoples shoot more blacks. We agree. Progress.
Brave guards risk themselves every day for our safety
So tell @NRA how guns are not an issue in America? You are a terrorist group!
So funny how everyones high fiving about Meek Mills getting out of jail after going to jail on gun charges ..... yet everyone wants gun control ..... enforce the ones we have and keep clowns like him in jail when convicted
Will this be covered with outrage?
Imagine if Scotland got more guns after our mass shooting funny that it never happened again.
It’s amazing how everyone survives a gun show since guns are the problem
That is indeed sad news.
You didn't describe the shooter.
Well they don’t care about black people they shoot so sorry don’t care

gun control the way out
Rough week in North America . A mass shooting at a Waffle House , a mass van killing in Toronto , now this... Wow !
so sad we need to get rid of Gun
Let’s Pray
The 2nd Amendment will not stop truck bombers. Example 57 dead in Afghanistan were guns are illegal.
No one is safe. 506 29 6063 is REAL Q. 4 Chan on Facebook has The REAL Q IDENTITY.

I WILL SLAUGHTER MILLIONS. UNTIL I AM SATED.
Sad news, hope they recover.
506 29 6063 Qannonzach is a fake. 
I am not that tech savvy. 

Q Ammon is a homeless native Logan Aaron kenoras 
Ask 4 Chan for the identity of The REAL Q. Ask 4 Chan on Facebook. They have the information of my planning this event and time stamped.
I hope they catch him!

and Barry @BarackObama and the ape with heels @MichelleObama rejoice
It was air apparent that @CNN had no interest In airing the compliments from the French government for “our” president Donald Trump. CNN proves time after time that they are indeed the enemy of the people !!

Whoever shot them will be set free.
just like the cops who shoot unarmed black people, right?
And the two cops who were shot did something wrong? Why did they deserve to be shot??? It's ok to shoot cops?
no it’s not. Everyone who kills a cop gets life in prison. That’s because cop lives matter. Black lives do not.
Here we go!Trump disrespects Law enforcement agencies/FBI,Justice Department,Border Patrol,after all City Police Officers!Where Presure is concentrated,from Racisim,Constant Stress,basically 24hr. PTSD!Repeated everyday!Criminals Lose Respect 4 Law Enforcers!
It’s a beautiful thing!!! No elected Democrats at the state dinner..com
CNN drives the racial divide and then reports the story like the innocent party. Stop driving the racial divide false narrative, CNN.
What false narrative? How was race relations before CNN?
Read much?
Nope. Enlighten me
Earn $400+up /mo just driving where you already drive! http://bit.ly/RefCarskgs  Proven System For Success: Driving with an ad on your car. Advertise on your vehicle & earn passive income with our small, see thru ads on your back window. Drivers wanted for local /national campaigns

We find it hard to care anymore you're. Like the juniie brother that cost the family everything m we want to help you but you don't want to help yourselves
Prayers for individuals and families affected!!
No images.  Still coordinating the propaganda must be.
Death penalty
Stupid
