Shocking news
Maybe he will find more R R’s
How many honestly believe this man has a severe case of writer's block and he is waiting for the show to wrap up to see how it should end?
So ungrateful
I'm not ungrateful. Love the books, I just can see that writer's block could have happened with that much time inbetween books.
I’ll take your word for it.  I think he has more of an personal issue with the tv series changing things from the book and is purposely stalling based on previous articles I’ve read.  But in no way do I think he’s waiting for inspiration from them.  It’s all from HIS mind.
You mean like changing Rob's wife , leaving out Lady Stoneheart, etc.
Loras Tyrell etc.  George Martins personal editor voiced heavy frustration back in 2015 regarding David Benioff & D.B. Weiss divergences and if you notice...work on the authors end has slowed tremendously since then.  Editor states hbo went rogue.
I remember George being mad at their version of the Red Wedding. Now with our debate decided to re-read the books lol. Currently downloading them into my Kindle.
Lololol.    Enjoyed the debate.
I don’t care anymore. He’s ridiculous.
Milking it I have lost interest
Fan just need to come to terms that this man may die with the series unfinished! Fn bs but he doesn’t appear to care to finish.
@adnanchang_e sorry buddy


*prentends to be shocked*
Really, this is whats so important its become breaking news? How about all the shootings and bombings that take lives or the corruption of businesses, literally any of those would be considered breaking news not George RR Martin's fucking book not coming out this year.
Get @RealGDT to finish it or to help you @GeorgeRRMartin_ I need my dose of GoT!!

Why is this “Breaking News” ???? The breaking news will be when it is actually coming out... #GameofThrones #Asoiaf
Fuck youuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Waiting for the tv show to end then
Now where have I heard this before
Evergreen tweet.
Schedule it for this time next year, until he dies, and then tweet whatever we did when the Wheel of Time guy died. #Schadenfreude
When Robert Jordan died, Brandon Sanderson finished it. Did a decent job too.
Well not only are the show writers writing the end for him. So are fans on YouTube.
SMH!!!
Just imagine... The entire TV show will have started and finished before he did 1 book. (8 years). I'm starting to think he signed something with HBO saying he can't release it until the show is over.
The “fans” on this thread are so disrespectful & ungrateful.  Look at all the hateful remarks.  I feel bad for the author.  Most probably didn’t even know the books existed before the show.  Shameful.
Lol
And there’s the annual disappointing but completely expected press release. “The Winds is Winter” is the new “Chinese Democracy”.
Or new Tool album...
Or Trump's tax returns
What do you mean by last installment, there are two more books remaining. Anyway I have lost all hope that the books will be released in my life time and I am 23.
Latest..... not last... 
Some years ago I would have been heartbroken about this news.... now it just rolls of my back... same time next year
Haha...spot on bro.
lazy! off with his head!
TO THE PIT OF MISERY!  #DILLYDILLY.
Big surprise right?
This CNN "reporter" is REALLY REALLY funny. 
She should go work for The Onion
Bitch we knew
It will never come out
Screw him…he is just trolling us now…
Boo!
Less surprising than learning water is wet
What else is new?
You’re killin me smalls!
@GRRMspeaking WINDS OF WINTER MOTHERFUCKER WHERE IS IT
BIG FUCKING SURPRISE GEORGE
Dammit!
What else is new?
It’s never coming out
Damn it George!! Your fans need you!
@Samuel_isFel

*ever

It’s bc he is sitting on his current cash cow with the HBO series.  I’d rather read the book.  They r 2 different stories anyway.
I know. It’s like an alternate reality!
#halflife3
Why am I not surprised? Tired of waiting.....time to move on.
Te odio mierdaaaaa
Such a shame he won’t just finish. The books are great but with no end who in their right mind would ever want to read them? Very disappointing.
Exactly
This guy ran out of ideas a long time ago. Time to end GOT! There aren’t any more good guys left to kill off.
Bahahha ahahhaha
And @drtomdanger just got pissed!
I totally stopped caring. The show will be the end for me.
But then how will you know who wins the show down between Arya and Daenerys...???
We all knew that 
he should be investigated for sexual assault on kaliesi the dragon queen

Nothing new , he like to see us suffer.
Want to know who wins the Iron Throne? Type 2 Diabetes.
2 Diabetes.
ok now what
In other news, water is wet.
People can't still be expecting the book... sorry guys... the end is #ChooseYourOwnAdventure #SOIAF #GoT #nextbook
So no game of thrones and no book!!!
Sucks.
He’s a Tolkien plagiarizer. Even his name is! With GOT he has simply rehashed the world of Tolkien and added tits and violence to draw in audiences in the world of binge television. Most overrated  author of all time.
Guys gonna pull a Robert Jordon
Should be titled George R.R. Martin abandons the fans of his books. I've abandoned him right back.

It’s never gonna happen. This turd has been keeping everyone hanging on for sake of HBO.  After next season you’ll not hear of him again!!
It’s about  $$$$$$&

well fuck
the picture is perfect for the headline
SURPRISE SURPRISE
This is not news
jeeze, you have ONE job.  ONE.  Stop screwing around and write...
Dude’s never gonna finish
The show is now the official canon.
And what’s the breaking news? 

If you're feeling suicidal over this news please dial 1-800-Nerd-Alert

What happens if he died before he finishes the book ?
Just hire some ghostwriters like pretty much every established author does.
He's probably going to die and never finish the story
I’ve been saying that since 2014
R.R. You kidding me? #GOT #HurryItUp
In other words “water is still wet”
It's coming out Neveruary 35th, 2019
Yeah F?@k you too
Yea, we were expecting that.
Tell us something new in 2020
WHY?
Lazy
Save tweet, change name to Patrick Rothfuss, and break two stories at once

This is not breaking news lol
BREAKING: he’s letting the show writers do the heavy lifting so he can just copy past the script into his final book
well, no.  there are 20 characters, that have been killed off in the show that are still alive in the books, so, yeah .... what?
Am I missing something because last time I checked a book not being published this year doesn't qualify it breaking news nor to I find this even newsworthy.

We....don’t need to be told

What will come first.  His new book or the Toronto Maple Leafs winning the Stanley Cup?
7 year writers block is ridiculous.
Shocking (not)
He’s probably not going to publish it for another ten years 
@tmadamori
Lol, I'm not even heartbroken
I'm even tired, He's making me lose interest.. heard he's releasing fire and blood this November
Man doesn't care about us, I don't think he's releasing anything 
Waited too long for this imagine. Smh
He got that money from HBO and hasn't written a book sense. I'm not even mad at him. At this point once the TV show is over I'll probably have closure anyway.
he's got the book on deck, dude.  he's just waiting for the series to end to drop it.  competing AU's for same base story wouldn't make sense from either an writers point of view, or a book publishers.
@BeNSwaGGerOn100
Goddammit, George.
He's going to drop dead before he finishes the series
I know he said in an interview, a few people have his work if he dies.
You know you’ve made it when CNN reports that your book is delayed
He’s probably going to die before the series is finished.... :(
He is holding out for a Jets Super Bowl win

Maybe he should make it a pamphlet....
I don’t think he’s even started.
I wanna be mad and say I won't read it if it ever comes out, but that's a lie. I can't stay mad at you George
Oh come on. What does this guy do all day.

This is not breaking news. This is the least breaking news of all time.
Methinks he’s lost his mojo
...or ever
The spin-off series(') will be done before he finishes the books.
CNN, I think we need to have a talk about what constitutes Breaking News.
That's what I was going to say. Lol
Maybe he is upset that the Trump tax cuts for the weatlhy as libs say it is has giving him to much money and he dosen't need anymore.
  Money...money money money.
Maybe he is a poor old guy living in despair?
  Do I care?  Hope
Idiot lol
Seriously if anything happens to him before he finishes the book...I’m gonna pull a Coco on him.
This man is the greatest of trolls. May his legend be told and retold to all young kekistanis for years to come. >XD
the longer it becomes the lesser interesting

Get ready for some real news. Anyone still think 9/11 WASN'T an inside job?
The show has already set the tune for how it all ends. Dude blew it.
But the show has strayed so far from the books in so many ways already, I could see some major troll coming, like whoever wins the throne in the show gets killed in book 6.  I would approve.
So instead enjoy a new Wild Cards.
@ChrisSchwabe7
He’s gonna die before releasing any new ones

No one knew he was writing a book. 
Good marketing CNN 
maybe next century
Too involved in the show. The show ruined the books.
To be fair, the shows popularised the books.
Sorry. I just meant his time spent focusing on consulting for the show has delayed the book and he may never get to finish the story.
to begin with sure, but then the show took over the GoT universe, and he doesn't want to have two completely different timelines competing with each other until it's over, which makes total sense
Making that much money from a great series don't blame him, can take time he wants to make it how he wants
I wonder if someone has told him that he looks just like a character in his Game of thrones books...
Someone get Brandon Sanderson on this, I need resolution. Plus, how else will I be able to watch Thrones next year without telling the wife, "well in the books..."
He's got his own monster series to work on. Maybe Jasnah could show up to teach Daenerys something? Crossover!
He has too much monney to not even care anymore
Shocker
haha..
Save this tweet for next year as well.
He’s just milking it 
