Is there really any question at all at this point as to whether the #NRAIsATerroristOrganization?

Nope.

#NRABloodMoney
#NeverAgain
I think cnn is involved with the Russians
Nope, that's Fox you're thinking about 
It’s actually spelled Faux News 
The NRA is a domestic terrorist organization.
You
News flash Democrats have guns too we just want strict gun laws and to keep guns out of the hands of mentally ill people
So does everybody, give me a break.
So the Russians are now behind the 2nd amendment.
Go smoke your weed and hide in the corner
The NRA is an organization that effects our gun laws. I don’t want foreign influence on our laws.
Hmm 
http://1.NRA  possibly getting funding from a Russian Banker. 
http://2.NRA  the most divisive lobbying organization in America 
1+2=
3.All those so called “patriotic” members of the NRA, open your eyes. You have been “Putin-ed”!
#holdyourgroupaccountable

Every time anyone dares to be against the democrats values is being linked to Russia. Enough already!
Why would Torshin have a lifetime NRA membership?  He's one of the Russian government officials we recently sanctioned!  I'm glad to see that many within the NRA are questioning this and hope they clear out those responsible for this "partnership ".
He’s too invested to be tossed. This provide a link to 30 millions @NRA gave trump. NRA is a money laundering front for the Russians.
You mean the all conquering second amendment is a right preserved by #Russia?
By “setting aside” you mean destroying?



What does "setting aside" mean?
bracing for a possible investigation
Destroying, hiding?
NRA sucks!
Yawning....
Why does a “gun club”, whose membership totals only 1.5% of the population, have so much political clout? The only answer is money.
Russian funded domestic terrorist organization. Have 30 million things trump. All the members must love the fact that the nra is Russia funded and backed, patriotic members rejoice ur membership money laundering me pockets of Russia “Murcia “ @NRA @POTUS @DLoesch @VP
Not Rational Adults.
Duh

All the same bank owner , Roth children

Why am I not surprised
The entire terrorist organization is a Putin funded sham.
CNN NEWS 
The NRA ... in collusion ... with Russian interests ... to influence U.S. elections. It doesn’t get much more treasonous than that.
.@realdonaldtrump Tick, tick, tick. The countdown clock to your indictment gets closer to zero. Or you could #resign Those NRA documents will likely be evidence against you.
Breaking news CNN is in love with anything Russian...
“collusion” and using gun owners as a game to make them think democrats want to take our guns from ourselves by creating Sensible gun laws
The democrats do that all by themselves, they don't need help.
What does that have to do with your eronious claim that the Russians are behind the call to ban all guns? And by the way if you are insane you can't buy a gun.
The NRA is being this idea that Democrats want to take your guns. They are using people’s fears to benefit their pockets
No democratic lawmakers on camera, democrats running for office and anti gun liberals carrying signs calling for a complete ban on firearms..all on camera.. that's what's behind it
Most Democrats have guns too
1)NRA is a lobbying group, not a "rights" group  and 2) Pence/Trump should, but won't, stay far away from this hornet's nest. Sad.
Enough with Russia already. You're a joke.

How collusive. 



Never mind this fake news CNN START MAKING YOUR APOLOGIES IT MAY EVEN SAVE YOU...NOT

Their members will cry Fake News
Who is surprised by that???
If they knew how Torshin chaired a Parliament Investigation Committee into the Beslan Massacre of burning alive hundreds of little school pupils...
All evidence on the site of the terror act’re destroyed NEXT DAY after as the school was shelled by Army tanks&flamethrowers
Keep digging that hole cnn
Setting aside? Like bundled up and placed in a vault? Perhaps slipped into a safety deposit box? Or could they have put them into the recycle bin and set them aside until Thursday.
Big surprise—YUGE!  Always trying to hide their problematic, disingenuous, & greedy history.  Hopefully, TRUTH will out!
You mean they are not destroying them like the dems always do?
RUT ROH!!!!!
Is everyone is Russia “Kremlin backed?”   Define Kremlin backed and prove it
Plus any banker in Russia is going to have Kremlin ties or they wouldn't be able to operate.  Can anyone please explain how the Russians benefit from the US preserving our 2nd amendment?  You people on here are stupid.
I don't think their interest lies in constitutional rights. They are, however, very interested creating and stirring up dissension among us (and are seeing a good bit of success for their endeavors).

Its sad what haters think or who backs the nra its still got 10 million  members, who does Michael  Bloomberg back,or clinton fondation,nra got its most donations  this year can you guess why,more freedom lovers than haters.only are founders knew whats to come
Many NRA members are questioning Torshin's lifetime NRA membership and the "partnership" since he's one of the Russian government officials we just sanctioned. I'm glad they are. They need to get bad elements out to bring integrity to the organization.
I haven't posted this in a while but CNN SUCK
Oh how nice. Setting Aside?
Its odd that they would have any documents, they claimed they didnt do business with Russians didnt they? Well until a story came out they did anyways.
Do yourself a favor and stop reading fake stories. I see you prays Mueller who was FBI director under George w Bush and covered up 9/11. Mueller is part of the deep state from the 7th floor at the FBI building. Wake up!
CNN = Russian BOT??

GO AFTER THE NRA FOR LAUNDERING MONEY THROUGH NRA FOR TRUMP CAMPAIGN!!!
Only Putin's life matters hail Putin
What about Uranium one ??? Rosatom ??? Yellowcake ... You know that stuff Mueller delivered to Moscow ???
I always thought the @NRA was un-American. Who else would support domestic terrorists?
Worth looking into.
Ohh please, another f#ucking yawn.
Of course Russians would want to support a terrorist organization whose main purpose is to sell guns that kill Americans. Duh.
Ok you're just an idiot.  More lives are saved each year by guns than are killed by them.
In actual important historical news Trump has done the impossible created peace in Korea and denuclearized N Korea
They have been comprised and brainwashed. These are facts and the @NRA should lose that #taxexempt status and #Asap @IRStaxpros and @DLoesch is still the vilest #bitch only hoes wear big ass hoop earrings #fixitSatan
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
What does “setting asside” means? I know they are fascist traitors but can they be prosecuted for money laundering, or treason? 
You are guys are beyond pathetic !!!
LMAO Your crap news is loosing it's mind.
Has Hillary done the same?
She doesn’t need to
Yea cause she destroyed everything lol

Lol here comes the new CNN narrative.  #desperate how about covering the historic Korean peace treaty that’s going down at the moment??!?

notice where most gun SHOOTINGS ARE IN THE REDNECK STATES
Wow, keep everyone in line like sheep !
