Ha! This guy ridiculed a disabled reporter and now he stands with Paralympic athletes? Give me a break!!!
So u gonna attack the paralyzed people now ?
Like your post! We would like to invite you to see a cartoon about Trump.
Shame on the committee for agreeing to this visit after he viciously mocked a reporter with a “different ability”! I will never forget that day as long as I live ...
@realDonaldTrump Winter Olympics will be difficult to host if America doesn't get back on board with the #Parisagreement #climatechange
Wonder how Trump can screw that up? “Gee I wished I could compete I’d beat you in competition!” Or “hey let’s go once around the Oval Office here-I’ll only use one leg” kind of thing- be prepared world-Sanders get your Tums out & Resolve that twitch on you eye
Is this how he’s gonna greet them? #idiot #impeachmentnow
I can’t wait for Mueller to pounce. Tangerine Mussolini is going to prison. #treasonweasel
Even the ones who didn’t donate to his campaign?
@realDonaldTrump Remember when you mocked a reporter for his disability?
Probably will mock the Paralympic athletes.
Trump needs to spend some time in a wheelchair to see how it feels.   He insults everyone.   Think before you open your mouth Trump .   But again that might too hard for him.
Easy to welcome but hard to watch,  it seems
Of the Paralympic Games, Trump says they're amazing, then adds, "It's a little hard to watch too much."
CNN is talking about ABBA and Nicaragua while the rest of the world is focused on Korea????
I’d say please don’t insult them but who am I kidding! Everything than comes out of his mouth is insulting!
He'll probably think it's Vetererans Day.

Pretty sure he'll make some off-handed, snide, mocking remark that only he (and his ass-kissers) will think is funny. After he moved a disabled reporter, how could anyone with a disability (or in general) want to be in the vicinity of that clown?
*mocked
I'll bite what makes them a joke other than reporting the lies that tells everyday that are easily provable? Is it because they bad mouth president fat ass? Your right they must be a joke because they actually praised him yesterday for his part in Korea.
Dude, take your meds and have a better day.
Hope and pray he doesn’t make fun of them.
Is he going to mimic the Paralympians?? Gawd, I would never attend!!!
Our President welcomes all Americans!

