Mistake.  Manziel all over again.
Well, his career is over as quickly as it started.
Typical Browns. They could’ve taken Saquon at #1 and still had Mayfield at 4.
Browns choose another QB with an ego bigger than the team. #Manziel2.0
Oh let me guess....ur a trump supporter. ...i spot'em a mile away....thier so whiny!

Cleveland Browns : Incredible.........this people will never learn...... Enough said! 
Hope he matures faster than Johnny Football who had the same bad attitude.

Manzeil part 2
Johnny Manziel 2.0

Good pick if you want the QB curse to continue
Sorry Baker.
@bakermayfield Come to Cleveland and make a difference, Don’t rush the process. We have a horrible track record with QB”s please do not become a Statistic... I’m rooting for you, Even though you Pissed me off how you Disrespected  after the Game!@Browns
All you haters out there keep talking a smack you never know he might be great
So why wasn’t he there?
As a Steeler fan, I'm happy about this. That weak arm in that cold weather is gonna eat him alive. Welcome to the cold Holmes.
What? @cnnbrk is reporting on something else but @realDonaldTrump #fakenews
Captain America dies
If you're going to dedicate your life to becoming a professional-caliber football player, always keep in the back of your mind the possibility you could one day be drafted by the Cleveland Browns.

Poor guy
CNN--FYI--NFL DRAFT IS NOT IN DALLAS!! IT IS IN ARLINGTON--I SHOULD KNOW--I LIVE ABOUT 10 MINUTES FROM COWBOYS STADIUM LOCATED IN ARLINGTON TEXAS, NOT DALLAS!!
He sucks!!!
That’s a week number one pick.#MyRealTalk
Mayfield picked first and @realDonaldTrump and Trump's agenda picked last! Trump & #BillCosby are twin brothers! #POTUS #CNN
Welcome to the #CLE... sorry in advance about your career.
Congrats Baker.  Boomer Sooner.
Haha haha Cleveland browns. Number 1 pick gets to live on Cleveland. Yuk.
Good luck
Awww poor tink tink
BREAKING NEWS...CNN just reported a FACTUAL story. Did hell freeze over?
Wow! If you’re gonna draft a QB why not draft the best QB in the draft?! As good as Mayfield is Rosen is so much better.
Pathetic!
That poor guy.
It’s a miracle CNN ran a story I actually like.  Boomer Sooner!!

Well I guess they really hated the guy :/
Bye bye career!!!!
Dumb move...

Maybe Baker can do something to help the Browns . Eventually something has got to help . Who wants a team that's that bad in the NFL I'd root for them if they could move the needle even a little .
LOL, oh those cleveland clowns


Vontae Mack. No matter what.
Manziel 2
Johnny Football 2
Isn't that the way, though? These destined to be great quarterbacks either get these cool names, by some miracle, from their parents or the QB changes it on his way to fame and fortune. Interesting... No???
Deja vu of Johnny Football.??

And the browns continue to make the same mistake they always do...Tim couch, Johnny menzle and now this guy.
So what’s his first name?
That’s why the Browns pick first bc whoever they pick is a loser like them. Losers all the way.
Great pick
Why do they always draft criminals?
What a big mistake!  @ESPNNFL @nflnetwork @Browns. He is a spoil young man.  Be praying for you again.
You are clueless
What did we learn with Johnny Manziel?
Isn't that the blatantly racist f*cktard? Or do I have my racist f*cktards confused?
Rip
Browns - Super Bowl 2019
RIP
Cleveland. The place where #1 Picks go to die.
Not Kaepernick?
That's what you get!!!! #GoDawgs

Gutsy pick.
Have a great career!
