@cnnbrk So, being a Vet, the VA is a system  overwhelmed  by vets coming home now,  a director  for US,  not politics.
So glad the President is putting his support behind Dr Jackson - after all President Trump knows exactly how it feels & can empathise w/ him
This is how Quid Pro Quo works in the most corrupt regime in the world. Favorable and incorrect health report gets VA job. How much would they sell other cabinet positions for? Would a recommendation from Putin work?
Nothing like a #Drunken #PillPopping Doctor Leading Our VA -  #Disaster Ahead
#SemperFidelis @USMC #Vet
I feel so much for vets..they won't get it from this man..shameful
So sad
If Allegations not true Fight all the way!

Great President.
In the years I've been going to the VA there's parts that have improved, but the job's not done yet. Is Ronny the man for such an important job? As a disabled vet I'm not filled with hope for the future.🖒
look at this video there is more information about
When you have Cheeto Mafioso as President. Everyone who kisses his cock ring get a job.
Ronny the drunk needs to stay the F**k away from the VA.
Here's a REAL president!
Barrack Obama!
That s the problem, nothing should be Trumps decision only. Compulsive, no thought to his dumb decisions.
And do you think congress is any better. Got their tails between their legs. Gutless repub congress and Senate .
Off course 45 stands behind every form on immorality, lack of integrity,  crimes and misdemeanors, racism, lack of integrity, sexism, predatory  behavior... List is way too long.
That’s what concerns me. In this age of women demanding to be respected in the workplace. He still backs these sexual harassers.
"It's totally his decision" because Trump is either too cowardly or too egotistical to admit that Jackson wasn't vetted, and to rescind the nomination.

Nope, double down instead. Typical.
Ever the bullshitter, trump is

You are always Bad FakePresident! 
Stand up trump and tell him NO!  Our Veterans DESERVE better than that unqualified man!!!  Do Best for OUR Veterans!!!’
Classic buffoonery! #FakePresident #organizedcrime #Obstruction
There is nothing wrong with Jackson...Awesome man for the job.
You got bone spurs too?
distancing now POTUS? @realDonaldTrump
He nominated this guy, and now he says, “ why are you doing this?”, make up your mind, chump
He can't pick the right person for the va he needs to get other people to work with him
we all stick by his choice we will not let the media and democrats attack his choice like they have with all the others he picked.Time to shut the media down for this
You need help. Jesus isn't going to save you just because your Christian. ..pathetic!
bags under his eyes... its hard to sleep when prison is in your future
Well Melania won’t let him touch her!!
So Dishonest Donny paid back the doctor for lying about the results of a Dishonest Donny’s  “Medical exam”.  The Doctor said Dishonest Donny weighs 239lbs? His had alone weights that amount. I mean cmon look at that head.  :)
@cnnbrk It seems Trump's support for Jackson is lukewarm at best. It's far from strong. Will Jackson see this+ get the message?
Of course he does. tchump knows only someone who is drunk would consider him to be in excellent health with great genes and could possibly live to be 200
https://www.facebook.com/groups/alfiesarmy/permalink/576760302709318/ … Urgent Attention needed Alfie Evans Denied nutrition for 23hours In Alder Hey hospital
This is what happens when the only qualification that counts is whether or not Trump likes you personally.

If Jackson is smart, he'll withdraw from consideration before this goes any further.
He has so much against him. But we've seen before trump hires friends. I'm sure he lied about trumps health report. Don't people get tired of the lies?
Creep
What's up with the color of his forehead?  @realDonaldTrump
@cnnbrk Jackson is as incompetent as the guy who nominated him.
I never heard the saying "sleepy eyes"before, doesn't Trumps eyes look sleepy?
The president need to get an assistant to vet HIM as he always chooses the worst of the worst. He nominated a DRUNK that prescribes pills to people that don't need them. Thought Tramp was trying to STOP the opioid crisis? He seems to be the next Pablo Escobar with this guy...
Code for, Trump screwed up and want to blame it on his nominee.
"Hey the guy said I weigh 239 ibs. he's a keeper!" Donald J. Trump

He is doing Dr. Jackson no favors. Standing behind him allows Dr. Jackson to take all the rotten eggs thrown and does not get him the help he needs. If the statements are true. If Dr. Jackson withdraws, DJT will blame “Fake News”.
Another wonderful vetting job by the President. Only criteria for Trump is loyalty and be willing to lie for him.  And the Trump Swamp goes on.
DR. HIRAL TIPIRNENI:
Get out and VOTE today ARIZONA!
@hiral4congress #AZ08 #BlueWave2018 #BlueWave #VoteBlue #HiralTipirneni
He's clueless as usual.
Making the decision to withdraw Jackson's nomination is too much for Trump too handle.

kiss of death. thanks Don Corleone.
Of course he does because he then can call Dems obstructionists!! We have your mumber 45
