No wonder the vast majority of mass shooters are white, they can do so without being shot by cops and get their meals and shelter for free forever.  When is @POTUS going to acknowledge this incident and the African American hero?
How do you know he didn't?  Black and Hispanic unemployment at historic lows.  What did 44 do for Black community?
Have you seen his Tweets? It’s Hes running his mouth about Comey, fake news, witch hunts - in other words anything that pertains to him.  Don’t give me that crap about current unemployment levels when 44 brought us back from the worse recession since The Great Depression.
That's not true.  It was the most anemic recovery after a recession ever.   Thanks to Obama policies.
Delusional.  My portfolio skyrocketed and his administration started one of the longest running bull markets.  Meanwhile, this year we have seen a market correction due to his trade war with China, political instability, just to name a few.
I would never trust you with my money.  You must have invested in the government propped up green energy sectors.  Bad money after bad.  You probably supported Dodd Frank too.  Thanks for the housing bubble which caused the recession in the first place.
Ha, you are a vulgar deplorable.  Something only an idiot would take pride in. You prove to be stupid because there is nothing safe to invest in when markets are in correction territory and bonds are also not safe when treasury rates are going up. Once again, get an education!
If he was black, 60 bullets would have been sent his way without him having a gun on him!
Hmm thats why no one called it a terrorist attack... he gets to be called insane or criminal because he's white. Otherwise it would have been called a massacre and a terrorist attack if he had a beard or had he been black.
And the cops didn't shoot him, hmmm
Ofcourse not hes not black and doesn't look like a Muslim.
He is the white killer getting more media coverage than the poor black hero who wrestled him with his bare hands!
You dont say?
This man killed four people and had a gun when he was arrested if this isn’t some 
White privileged bs I guess they wasn’t scared
Philandro Castillo was killed for legally carrying a gun.  Oscar Grant was killed for returning from a News Years party in the City. Trevon Martin was Killed for wearing a hoodie. How did this person warrant a peaceful arrest? He killed four people.  #blacklivematter
Is it too late to mention Alton Sterling?
Alton Sterling, Freddie Gray, Tamir Rice.
Eric Garner also added
I'm confused, are you wanting the cops to gun down people or not?
We don't want anyone gunned down. We just wish they'd be consistent about it and act like #BlackLivesMatter to them.
I think we can all get down with that. But vilifying cops for not shooting someone is an odd perspective. We can condemn one and praise the other until change comes.
I think the original statement is more incredulity eg,"You shoot everyone you see, yet this guy is the one you choose not to shoot?" If someone had to be shot I think we can all agree we'd rather it be the violent criminal. It's almost like he got special treatment.
If he was black, he should have been dead long time ago. One day those racist police officers, will stand before God of Jesus Christ to answer for the innocent blood they shed when they were in this world.
So all police officers are racist no matter what?
Not all, but those who are shooting dead only blacks are racist!
Every situation is different, every response is different.  There are good amd there are bad.  The good responses far outweigh the bad.
did he have pockets under that jacket?
Let's push the issue of the father being charged for giving a unstable person a firearm and knowing it.Because he is guilty too!This will not lie Quietly!To many getting killed  over guns. Guns are for hunting for food to survive! Back to the bow and arrow!
Lets pretend for a moment he was black and the victims were white...the police found the gun on him, would this story have ended with suspect captured or dead?
Dead
He wasn’t holding a gun or ANYTHING in his hands. And he cooperated. Take that shit elsewhere.
Yet he lives.
Can someone explain how Eric Gardner can't breath to make money for his family but we are going use tax dollars to imprison a mass murderer?
I don't know, why don't you ask the Black Duty Seargent that was on scene that oversaw the arrest.
Maybe you are not getting the bigger picture.
Or maybe you are not...
State Of Tennessee White Male Supremacist Cops Arresting White Male Supremacist Murderous Terrorist With A Gun Remained Alive & Unharmed @BillHaslam White Privilege At It’s Lowest
So you’re saying this is fake news ? Hey Silly #MAGA #Moron the only thing called fake news is any news story criticizing the Trumpanzee
Why don't you write that a terrorist arrested. ?? 
You will not because he's white and non Muslim.
Fucking freak.
For GOD HAS BLESSED THEE,... with the capture of this man... GOD BLESS AMERICA GOD BLESS THE WORLD 
Notice he’s alive with just a few scratches,and he was carrying a gun! That’s because too many people were watching FBI, ATF, State Sheriffs etc...
The gun was in his backpack.

Just reading the Anifa comments left on here..You peope have lost your minds..He was arrested peacefully and there were no further loss of life and you people are upset with it?
Because they are so filled with hatred towards this country.
Why is muslim influenced by Al Qaeda & murder people are  referred to as terrorists, while white boys influenced by Trump & murder people are said to have mental issues. Come on AMERICA, take your head out of tbe sand, they are all murderous Terrorist.
Because he has mental issues....
And they were not afraid?
Mentally ill or evil posessed man.
And police didn't shoot this known threat!! Not surprised b/c he's not black or brown.
Good thing he wasn’t a 12-year-old black kid with a toy gun. He would be dead.
The father needs to be charged for giving his son back the gun.
Should face firing squad after torture

https://twitter.com/LouDobbs/status/988561632019218433?s=19 …

The 2nd amendment only applies to white people. Fuck the police.
genuine question because I see you tweeting about American politics a lot: are you a US citizen or planning on moving there?
I am but I’m not sure about the second part, for now.
ok cool, you learn something new everyday. still mad that you went to the DAMN concert but i guess we can still be friends.
If it makes you feel any better, it was the greatest concept I’ve ever seen.
FTNRA
Guns are def not the issue as usual
Who cares about color 
And yet *for some reason* he's alive.
Did he put up a fight?
Alive & well huh..
Justice will be served! 
Excellent news.
Another white male with “mental issues”
I don't understand black men, women and children who posed no threat had no gun were gunned down in the streets by police in seconds, this man murdered people, in possession of a weapon, proven to be aggressive and dangerous but was not executed by police WHY America WHY?
Hmmm and the police didnt fear for their lives like they do at the very sight of a black man. Smh.
Am glad no one got hurt arresting this guy but makes you wonder about all the unarmed black people who can only be dealt with by kill shots. The people who are walking around this world are real life Devils. How is this ok?
Sounds like you're really not happy he was taken alive.
Evil villain.
I'm glad they got him alive.
Take a good look at this man.  He is what our gun culture supported by the NRA produces.
He was a lefty, like the Vegas shooter, like the Bernie supporter who shot the congressmen at the baseball practice - we can play this game as long as you like.
Are they going to give him something to eat,make sure he nice & comfy....you know  how they treat WHITEKILLERS.....he might of had problems when he was a kid...so take it easy....

ANOTHER KILLER " BY LAW WE WILL FEED FOR LIFE " THAT'S THE AMERICAN WAY !
And YES, every gun law worked, but law anforcement and government failed to do their job with this guy. But remember, every gun law stopped him from having the gun until the CIA gave them back. Ban the CIA. #FakeNewsFirstCNN
And, thankfully, his pants.
What's the matter with that, CNN Fake News?
The guy has the right to protect himself against policemen with his gun.
That's good.
If all of the Waffle Houses had unarmed,young African American men at the door this kind of thing wouldn't happen.
Quick stop off at Burger King on the way to jail?
*terrorist
How are all of theses armed terrorist being arrested and black unarmed children getting shot 20 or 30 times by police. This sh!ts got to change
So he's being sought for killing 4 people, has a gun on him, yet not a single officer feared for his life???  Amazing!
we're actually living in a society now, where "straight" white males are scared/threatened, by folks who dont look like them. People of color are  growing in #s in the US. They're also more educated and political-minded. And guys like this douche, dont like that fact.
What are you talking about????
You Can Invest With BITCORN And Earning More Then 300% Per Month (30-Days), Send Me EMAIL :- hamilton.ohio100@gmail.com  Now To Get The Investment Link Above.
gee, figure the odds...
The terrorist suspected of killing 4 proteome at a waffle house had a gun with him when was arrested. 

Fixed it for you.
Fake news
Share better stats if you got them, but police shoot about an equal number of black people and white people even though they arrest twice as many white people and white people make up about 2/3 of America and black people 13%.
One Wonder how is he still alive? Oh right, police only shoot black people without gun ... silly me
Bullshit.
Taken without incident applies when you see the suspect or suspects as human. Most people,  not all, treat animals with some sort of cruelty.
Did they take him to @burgerking, like Dylan Roofe?
Why did he get arrested? It was the guns fault... #vansareassualtcars
Yeah, exactly. It was the gun’s fault in combination with the one holding it. It all played a part in 4 people being dead. We need to examine the whole -not just the part. That’s why gun control is a tough issue. It’s complicated.
No.  A gun makes no decisions therefore it can't be blamed.  This is a mental health issue.  The root of the problem is the person.  What is next?  Van control in Toronto? The van killed more people...  Gun control is a smokescreen, it's cheaper than helping the ill.
I wish this was true, I truly do. Our system is clearly broken. Why are AR-15’s needed for public use. Give me a legit reason.
Our system is broken.  Maybe that is the reason to maintain the power of the people. Nazi Germany started with gun control and there are too many undocumented guns out there.  Only criminals and our broken government would have them.  I'm scared of that thought.
I think the point gun supporters are trying to avoid is the use of AR-15’s. It’s too powerful in the sense it can do too much damage in a short amount of time.  That is the topic for me.  I asked - what scenario requires that type of weapon? I don’t get an answer.
Well the reason the 2A was there was to protect the citizens from the tyranny of government.  Sadly the government has not always acted in the best interest of the people so unless everyone trusts the government 100% guns like the AR are required. Government should dear the ppl.
Fear not dear...
And the police officers who arrested him did not fear for their lives ........ hmmmmn
Any innocent person of color would have been shot on spot, sadly when unarmed but a suspect simply due to racial bias. This POS is found armed and is known to have been the shooter but is caught alive.  Why do taxpayers have to feed and shelter him for whatever his sentence is?
How come he’s not  been shot dead by the police? Oh ,of course,silly me, he’s white.
If he actually had a gun, why weren't the police frightened and shoot him #20times?
It was in his backpack.
And he was taken alive...
Please keep adding all victims of police brutality and bias.
This racist maggot was able to live even while having a gun at the time of his arrest. Apparently in tRUMP's America even white trash who've just killed innocent people are given the chance to live. He would not have survived had he been a person of color.  
Not a cellphone?  Asking for a (dead) friend
And he wasn’t immediately shot at?
Wrong color
You're wrong.
Somehow the police did not fear for their lives here and shoot him in the back
How is it that this man, carrying a weapon, running from a crime where he killed people, is not shot down? And many who didn't even have a gun on them or may not have done ANY crime were shot and killed?
Nice justice for whites
Once again armed white males live ... still waiting for the NRA to talk about weapons aren’t the problem or for DJT to denounce the killings.  But I suspect we will hear very little and very late.
"The man SUSPECTED of killing 4 people"??? Seriously CNN? I also love how when the "suspect" is an ARMED white murderer he is arrested without a scratch, but innocent people are killed by the police because of the color of their skin.
Another white terrorist.
Man with gun that killed 4 people is still alive....qwhite interesting
They should lock up his father.  Secret Service gave back the gun he used to his father after he was detained in DC for white house violation a couple of years ago.
But they did all they could to “ not “ kill him unlike how they murder black men with no gun. Typical amerikkka
Book him on terrotism
Apparently cell phones are more dangerous and scary to police than an actual gun.
Well, apparently the responding officers didn’t fear for their lives. 
Many witnesses and I'm sure a video of him committing the crime. Save the taxpayers $$. NO TRIAL! Just EXECUTE the Bastard!!
He had a gun and he lived. Isn’t that interesting.
He had a gun a they manage to arrest him. If it was a black dude he will be shot n police will claim self defense
Waiting to hear the motive behind the action of this “troubled youth” as one news agency referred to him.
Just a FYI, I would say there is a much higher % that this will happen again soon than the odds of it not.

Please, all be careful!
Why won’t trump call this what it is? White nationalist domestic terrorism. Funny he has no problem attacking Islam, but his base “white racists” he won’t comment on. What a slime ball!
His base? He tried to kill Trump. He’s your base.
Glad he was caught.  Hope he's locked up forever.  And I hope the dad faces charges too.
Why is a White man with a Gun taken into custody and no shots fired by Police. But if a Black Man or minority is being hunted down with/without a Gun...he would be dead? So many Questions...
Make America Unstable!
I guess building that wall not such a good idea ....
But they didn’t shoot him???
He doesn’t look so tough now.While I agreed n completely understand many of the feelings expressed here regarding the captured n not killing the suspect, the job ahead is to seek justice for innocent people who are victims of shootings but not demand cops to kill all suspects
If it was a black man,he would of been shot.and this white trash had a gun.
Can I use my white privilege to point out how disgusting the inequality gap is between how black and white Americans are treated? I’m heavily armed with my cell phone and twitter account but I’m considered “safe” right?
Oh and of course one tiny scratch on him… Did they bring him cheeseburgers also?
Those Hicks in Tennessee will probably throw the guy a parade and build him a statue. Trump will give him the Medal of Honor! Backwards white trash!
He was arrested with a gun on his possession he is luck not to be killed at site.
If it was a. Black man he would   Dead
Earn $400+up mo just driving where you already drive! http://bit.ly/RefCarskgs  Proven System For Success: Driving with an ad on your car. Advertise on your vehicle & earn passive income with our small, see thru ads on your back window. Drivers wanted for local /national campaigns
Yep another DOMESTIC TERRORIST ACT
Stop posting his picture
At least he was wearing clothes when he was arrested. Good job Nashville Police.
@MNPDNashville 
#gotthebastard
#hanghimhigh
#Goodjob
This guy is in cuffs. What’s your point?

He had a gun with him, they write. So if this was a black man, would he be still living after the encounter? https://twitter.com/cnnbrk/status/988505626518151175 …
Wow still alive amazing
Wow. And he only has a scratch on him with a torn shirt. This country is all jacked up.
It's so refreshing to see a man with a firearm wanted by the police for murder is arrested safely and taken into custody. 'Oh wait.....'    Only in the U S of A
I’m pretty sure the Dad that gave him those guns back is in for a rough ride!!
His father should be arrested also for giving him back his weapons. If his son had mental health issues, the gun should’ve been taken away. What, was he protecting his second amendment rights to protect himself? @cnnbrk @MSNBC @CBSNews
Am I the only one whose link is sending them to a story about the PM of Japan and the 45th admin?
well thank fucking god
And still not shot. Peacefully arrested. Opened an AR15 in a public Waffle House, and ran. Prior hx of gun confiscation & crimes. Nobody feared for their lives, I guess.
At least he's wearing pants this time
He shouldn’t be taken to the hospital or have a trial for what he did, #deathpenalty  you know what the Bible says an eye for an eye
Did it or not this person was smart not making a statement and asking for his lawyer
Now we hav a terror attack in Toronto
Was this a hate crime?
Could have been tragic if he was black and  holding a mobile phone. Thank God for that
If he was black they would have shot him!
you know it!
#RedFlagLaws #GunReformNow #EnoughIsEnough
This guy had a gun on him when he got arrested..Really.. The same gun just took the life of 4  people sitting around getting their belly full at the Waffle House . But he wasn’t kill or probably wasn’t even shoot at . Dam is I’m missing something. My bad he was White.SMH
We all know that how white privilege works the next thing will be "he was mentally ill "
They already said he is mentally unstable
Thanks god for arresting that murder
I think you meant to say terrorist...
Maybe terrorist but we don t have a motive yet so don't know if the definition fits. But agree with comments about it being possible to arrest, esp since this ahole was confirmed armed & dangerous.
Noticed the Canadian cop managed to not shoot the van driver despite being provoked with fake gun draws.  Again, proof you don t have to shoot a man for twitching wrong.  Says alot.
Police did scratch him meow.
Did he get his Burger King yet?
No surprise he's captured if he was black he'll be dead.
And look, he's still alive.
Come on. We Need Gun Reform In America. Please Help Us Congress!#sensible gun control

The police DID NOT SHOOT HIM? Oh, that's tight he was a very WHITE GUY, I FORGOT THAT's the way things work in the greatest USA.
Perhaps you would be happier elsewhere.  I mean anywhere eles is so much better right?   How about one of the many African countries that still practice slavery?
He found his pants!
I'm just happy to see another brother get taken into custody by good cops doing the right thing, giving this young man a 2nd chance to surrender his life to CHRIST. That's all I see, I don't see BLACK or WHITE 
He is not a suspect.  Was tired of waiting out in the cold rain, no food. Probably thinking it's  about damn time.  Now will wait in nice warm dry cell for 50 yrs as tax payers guest. Because he has been given excuses for bad behavior
And he makes it out alive   Yet a black man doing nothing doesn’t!!!! Smh
If he had a cell phone would he be dead?
No let him go ! in East Oakland watts South Philly let his ass go in those cities pleases !!
He should be in a bag.
interesting....had a gun but was taken alive....good thing dude didn't have a cell phone.
Or a dark tan.
Round up the usual narratives.
Amazing that hes not dead..if it was reversed he would have been..
This is just an insult to all the black people gunned down even when they didn't have a gun 
Hmmm? And the only visable mark is a torn tee shirt. A person of ANY other color would NOT be as lucky in this instance. #privilege
As a white male protesting the inequality of black people being shot and killed and whites not. Whats going to happen is the police going to kill everyone equally or are they going to stop the senseless killing of everyone.
They didn't shoot him? And he's a white dude? And he's mentally ill. Think of he was Asian, black or any other race. They would have gunned him down already.
Asian? Name me any Asians who have been gunned down by the police recently. Don’t try and jump on the bandwagon, Asians are the most racist people in the world. They hate everybody non-Asian.
...and the WHITE MAN was taken ALIVE?!!!! Huh? What??
where's @POTUS thoughts and prayers tweet? another terrorist attack from a non Muslim again.
Heads up! There are people that don't follow the rules or laws.
Why do all mass shooters that are white, always seem to get arrested alive and unharmed? No seriously! I really want to know
Then u never hear another thing about it
So true
I know his town. It's close by and it doesn't get anymore republican than Morton il
He was arrested prior for trying to kill Trump. Exactly how Republican do you think he is? 
That's bullshit he wanted to see trump. Never was apprehended for trying to kill him. U don't know what talking abt
These are real men fighting for justice. This headline is miss leading regarding who is a man.
Misleading
Then why didn’t they shoot him 20 times? I don’t understand why hs is still alive.
...and yet he lived through it, white privilege at its worse...
We need a new Guantanamo Bay for coward terrorist like this
How many black men shot and killed by police DID NOT have guns. How many of them reported their gun in the situation and were shot and killed anyway. But this guy.. guess the police don't consider him "dangerous". Right...it's not the guns is it? #racist
Burn
come on..he is white..which means he is innocent
A very stupid comment. This thinking will hold you back and probably has.
I bet he would plead insanity. Yet his father gave him a gun back to replace the one the authorities took from him. How pathetic.
Arrested alive. Eric Garner: choked to death for cigarettes. Tamir Rice: shot for being a kid. Philando Castille: shot for a traffic violation. The list of hypocrisy is endless.
Let’s not forget about the hero who stopped this man .... but please forget about that coward cop  who failed to enter the school in Florida  #BlackLivesMatter you see !!
He's lucky he wasn't selling cigarettes or had a broken tail light.
And look, he's alive... I guess you only die when your innocent while black..
**you're.. grr spell check.
But he wasnt black so therefore he wasnt shot and killed
he deserves the chair, just like every other mass shooter. Lets not pay taxes to feed, shelter, protect and clothe this animal.
this one looks just like the Aurora theater murderer.
He looks concerned about the slap on the wrist he’s about to get.
