@POTUS
@realDonaldTrump
How soon do we get the “walk away” part?
who are these people still supporting him? tough to watch
His cult.
Yep
Come speak in the Bay Area, we want to tell you something.
I'd like to tell him to pick a finger. 
I’m still trying to figure out, how does he manage to always have 1 African American male at his rally wearing a Blacks for Trump t-shirt....Things that make you go hmmmm 
Paid
This clown is totally beneath the office that he’s occupied.  We went from Washington, Lincoln, JFK, FDR, Truman, Theodore Roosevelt, and obama to this empty suit with a big mouth! How did we get here?

Trump is so strong! 
You're disgusting 
Very open minded
But he said Mexico was paying for it. He would never lie.
Someone get this bum out of our state.... what a fucking tool

Can someone just tell him it's been built so we can all move on already?
lol, right during a Congressional race. Would be fantastic for a party in complete control of government saying they can't figure out their own issues. Idiocy.
fixed*

The RNC's biggest opponent for this voting season will be Trump's mouth.
He just wants to go play golf, resign already!!! @realDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrump
Stop giving him free air time. Your network is part of the problem!
But Mexico was suppose to pay it???? Sarcasm
Thus shows he cares less about the people and only cares about His wants.  Congress stand strong for the people or time for you to go home - permanently.  We need warriors for the people.
And he will hand the House and Senate to the Democrats
Hey @CNN why didn't you cover the speech?  Oh I know.  BECAUSE YOU DON'T WANT YOUR VIEWERS TO KNOW THE TRUTH! You all are way past pitiful hahahahaha
Aren't you commenting on a thread from CNN covering the speech? I'm sorry if pointing this out pokes holes in your delusional talking point.
They didn't cover on tv. I turned it to cnn part way through to get their perspective but they were busy with their anti trump propaganda. It's important to try to see both sides of a argument to get real perspective.  Cnn doesn't want people to see the other side. Sad
Why don't he just pay for the gd wall himself, and leave the rest of the country (and government) out of this! He wants it, we don't!
I thought Mexico was going to pay for it!???!!?!!??
He keeps talking like that in Detroit and Canada will build a wall.
trump is still running [and ruining!] a business, not a country!
Hopefully, he will not survive for so long. God, please help us all!!!
If a POTUS is supporting a gov’t shutdown, he’s actively saying he’d stop paying the government and elements of the military for political capital.
The great negotiator at work. #MoronInChief
Blackmail ! In November he’s done.His bullying tactics will be futile.
So shut it down, it hurts your supporters too, you care more about the shrine to yourself, than about the American people
Can this guy not accomplish anything without a shut down
Trump loves his safe places like Michigan and Pennsylvania
Big Orange goes to Michigan escaping the Correspondent dinner in DC. He’s hated there and can’t take it so he leaves to a small group of supporters.  Kinda funny actually. #whimpypresident
I live in Michigan and I tell you I have very strong strong feelings AGAINST yes against Donald J Trump
Most do. I didn’t mean to say that all Michigan likes the fool. Have you noticed he never visits California or New York....
By then you will be indicted Believe me.
IMBECILE TREASONTRUMP HAS NO UNDERSTANDING OF FINANCE OR BUILDING. MUST BE REASON HE HAS GONE BANKRUPT FIVE TIMES.
Classic trump
He should/right before the mid-terms
What a Cry Baby.
Save The Drama Fo-Yo Mamma 
BIG BABY!!!, BOO! HOO!, I WANT MY WALL. I PROMISED IT MY BASE OF SUPPORTERS, LOL
When will this CRYBABY shit end?
Do we really need to continue to give this guy free airtime?
Bullying at its finest.....

He’s such a cry baby. Must not be use to getting his way like he has his whole life
Whatever, we are so over Trump, what a waste. #EnoughIsEnough
The only country in the world that has Government shutdowns affecting millions of workers and it’s just a game to your politicians!! 

I’m amazed the American people put up with this shit!!
Can we please shut it down, lay off everyone in it & then restart from scratch?
Seriously.America
You need to.stop this man

Supporting Government shut down of they dont meet his funding demands = #MAGA?

In any other part of the world it = blackmail
Even the shithole countries
We do things differently than in Europe. That is why my ancestors got the hell out of Europe. Yep crass fat dumb Americans. We are not polished like your gentlemen and we are proud of it.
Having spent a number of years in USA I'm aware of the differences.I'm also well aware& somewhat jealous of your pride & patriotism.Not all Americans are crass fat & dumb,perhaps you made that statement on a personal level, either way, blackmail is blackmail & not presidential
I love the insanity you leftists live in.. thx for the giggles. BTW,, what is the precise number of border invaders would you allow into the country - curious.   1, 1,000, 250k, 0?
Again,you want something so bad that won't work,pay for it yourself!
Border security? Does Trump mean the wall? We should scrap that idea & focus on spending some monies on restructuring our roads, sidewalks, bridges, tunnels, etc. instead of an unnecessary border security plan!
Funny thing, @realDonaldTrump actually believes he'll still be in office in the fall.
"Say shutdown again! Say shutdown one more God dam time. I dare you, I double dare...." I'm not happy, can you tell.
Such a tough talking scary buffoon! What happened to Mexico paying the bill?? #kingdonald #bananarepublic #FakePresident #corrupt #organizedcrime
Shut it down! Not one of those law makers is worth a crap anyway. Let people know that blackmail does not work in America. And they can vote for someone who actually cares for America.
He’s talking out of his ass..... AGAIN.
Look who’s throwing red meat to his idiots. Isn’t he sweet?
Please give that genius move a try.  The few @HouseGOP incumbents who are actually running again are gonna love that strategy.
agreed this is what happens when repblicans run the government bring democrats back
thanks for saying this don ive been saying it for a while that republicans cant run the government
Trump says a lot of things.  This is one example where he will forget the statement 10 minutes later.  Forget it in 1 minute.  Focus on his actions is better in my opinion.
See what happens when he does not get to golf on weekends !!!!!!!!!!!
I DARE HIM. I DOUBLE-DOG DARE HIM. #HotAir #AOneTermPresident
That means no medical help for our vets, our old people, our minorities, our homeless.  Remember he is supposedly a billionaire that has refused to publish his tax returns.  How about his extended family?  Have they paid their taxes?
Every time I see him speak at a rally, I see and hear a State Farm salesman trying to rally his agents to drum up more sales at his bi-annual convention meeting!!
So he's okay if he hurts the hard-working Americans who wont recieve a paycheck during the shutdown if he doesn't get his way? Gee, what a wonderful leader. 
I support him on that!! Build the wall already!!
BOT BOT BOT BOT BOT BOT ALERT lies
Screw you, @potus.  We are getting very, very tired of getting screwed by you... CONSTANTLY.
And he means it...

...

As a negotiation strategy...

But you people are deranged so...

Whatever.
Hey stable genius, that’s not how it works but no shock that you don’t understand
Boring 
What happened to Mexico all of a sudden? 
Did anyone notice the look on his face when the crowd started shouting “Nobel!, Nobel!”?

Pathetically, he said “Nobel” as if he really didn’t understand what they meant.

He was thinking  ... don’t these people know how to pronounce “noble”? Oh ya, I’m in Michigan.

Dotard!

Man forget what he’s talking about.
Looks like the participants were enticed to show up with offers of free meth and moonshine.
Talk, talk, talk!  He can’t remember his promises or his lies from one day to the next.  

Trump is totally amoral and has the instincts of a dictator.  

Luckily for us, he’s too petty and too dumb to be a competent demagogue.
Again, it’s all about him. His wall and no problem closing down the country. Having a narcissist in the Whitehouse puts us in danger.
No he won't.  If he knows he can't go golfing and he gonna be stuck in the White House he will fold like a card,  just like the last time he try to hold out.  #phonyorangeorangutan
Again?
#FullOnOffTheRails
And this @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr  and most of the @GOP is your guy.. nothing like a little bit of black mail huh?
This man is a raving lunatic.
Hes so freaking full of it
@realDonaldTrump you want the wall so damn bad, pay for it yourself with all that money you’re earning from your hotels that are being used to host foreign dignitaries!  Also use that money to pay for the $7.7 million in overtime to secure your ass while at your Dumpy Mar-A-Logo!
@RealDonad_Trump Oh, please - do it!!   The elections in November will be so fun!!!
Trump says he is willing to 'close government' to build Mexico wall.
Careful. At this pace, Mueller May have something for you to ponder.
...and if that doesn’t work, it’ll be a Battle Royale in the Death Cage. Hulk Hogan will come out of retirement and give noogies to Congress after perfecting the two legged leg drop

Let him keep talking smack. Dig his hole deeper. Make the debt larger than it is because repubs are going down for allowing this nut jobto run rampant.
Wow... why is he still president?!
Just like a petulant child who didn't get what they wanted for Christmas, the President of the Untied States ladies and gentlemen... #NationalEmbarrassment
Respectfully Mr. .@POTUS, you should care about a bipartisan legislative solution for 1.8 million #Dreamers just as equal to border security. Both are needed.
All bark, no bite
Couldn’t they just shut down except essential personnel? As in everyone keeps working but politicians?
Go Trump!! Shut the BS and corrupted government down!! @realDonaldTrump @DiamondandSilk @SecondLady @VP @KarenKSpencer @karitatar09 @ZappitelliLucia
Whoa Donald!! Weren't we promised that the Mexicans would pay? Sad.
Good.  He should.
BOT BOT BOT BOT BOT BOT BOT BOT BOT BOT BOT BOT ALERT lies
President Gump at it again.
Hey, Gump's heart was at least in the right place even if he fumbled through life.
Why would Michigan care? I live there and that border wall means nothing to me, the Dairy Farmers and Christmas Tree Harvesters all hire illegals, these people are hypocrites and so is the buffon
Everyone should care a little bit. That wall is waste of money, it will fix nothing,  and it will hurt the ecosystem on both sides.
Embarrassing , crowd in my state cheering for a damn wall when we don't have safe water to drink in our state and give Nestle free rein sucking our safe in the ground water for almost free to sell, we're a bunch of fools for sure,,
Great President, Shut it Down, or BUILD THE WALL.
he has no regard for our nation
Porn President  next stop ,build a WALL around Playboy mansion to pick next Playmate of the year
Oh here comes the bully again
YES,  A PERMANENT SHUT DOWN; YOU COULD ALL DISAPPAR LIKE COMMUNISTS AND THEIR FAILED UNION!  THE OLD PLANTATION FINALLY GOES TO HELL!   THE EXPERIMENT IN SERVITUDE OVER...
And thus does the dictator start his rise....
again, somebody please tell trump it was his own party that didn't give money for his wall, they do control both houses. i can only figure they think the wall is a bad idea and the money could be better spent in more important projects.
This is not a good plan, Mr. President.  Get Congress to work with you.  That is the job.  If they stillrefuse, then perhaps your idea is not acceptable to the American people.
That is nothing but blackmail and something a mob boss would say. do it my way or else!
STOP TRUMP (AKA, the 'MOCKINGBIRD') FROM MOCKING OUR DEMOCRACY!
Wasn’t the budget passed?
Am taking a wild guess here but am guessing that did Mexico not agree with whack jobs original plan that they would pay for the wall. Remember his pre election chant......... MEXICO WILL PAY FOR THE WALL.... Hey Trump, your a putz
THEIR ARE STANDING AT THE WALL NOW " PEOPLE WHO ARE HUNGRY & HAVE NO HOME " BOTH U.S. & MEXICO BOTH HAVE TO HELP THESE PEOPLE ! GREED & POWER IS THE DOWNFALL OF MANKIND ! GOD BLESS THESE PEOPLE !
Lol.. he will cave AGAIN !
CNN just reported only 11 Syrians were admitted into the U.S. Not true. 18,000 have.
Good...should've done it last time!
Dump trump
Why is it that the Republicans are always the ones threatening to (and actually doing) shut down the government if they don't get their way?
Before or after he's sunk in the Blue Tsunami?
Watching the morning news shows, on the television and online, along what the various responses only make me realize even more with the Youth of America has the answer. Going back and forth bantering as we have has yet to fix the issue.
My father wants told me that it has been this way for decades. Well, if no one else has been able to fix this only to allow the bantering to continue for decades, then America we have a problem!
The news media has its hands full in being full participants in what is reported. Bottom line is action speaks louder than words and that's probably why we have the Matthew Shepard hate crime, Oklahoma City, Los Angeles, Columbine, Sandy Hook, and Parkland, to name a few.
My one question to America is when does it stop? The youth ofthis country has taken a stand whereas once they get the right to vote with those of us who are presently able and wanting change, then we will be able to make a difference!
I heard country and it meant no one comes in until this country secure and good laws put in place
I wonder how many cheered when he stated he'll shutdown the government, then got home and realize it would affect them
Every time he needs to feel good about himself,  he has a rally.

That’s exactly what you want to do: colapse our economy.
That's "President Trump" to you CNN.  Leader in fake news.
Great work me POTUS!   hold the congress in check and accountable.
Funding a wall and wasting billions of tax payers money is not the answer Hire more border security and more cameras is better use of money
Another arrogant speech.
Please #trump #shutdown the government
I would support a government shutdown until Congress and the federal bureaucracy  are completely cleansed of the anti Trump, anti Constitutional liberals and their threat to our democracy.
Not like it hasn’t been shut down before
So congress now has to foot the bill to the “ madness wall”?, okay!
Holding the government at ransom like a good dictator should...
Go for it.
That will hurt American businesses most #KillingAnEconomy
I thought Mexico was going to pay for the wall?
MUELLER, COHEN & AVENATTI
WILL ENSURE THAT
TRUMP WILL HAVE A BREAKDOWN
WAY BEFORE THERE'S
A GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN.

If  a government that does not work or accomplish much shuts down who would really care? Lets shut it down and see how long we can do without it and for sure, when laid off, no one should get back pay - huge money savings too!

He can’t even do that....#democracy

Per Kelly Ann he would be talking jobs and tax cuts.
That person who wears Black's for 45 should have printed he's for him. All people of color nit for him. He's getting payed.
You will be impeached before then. Gold Star Sister with real bone spurs . Why do you run away every time they do something in DC? Just saying.
Why would anyone support a government shut down???????
I am surprise no one shot him last night.
Didn't he said Mexcio will be paying for this wall? WTF, NOW HE'S THREATENING CONGRESS TO GET FUNDING FOR THE WALL AND SHUTTING DOWN GOVERNMENT SO HE CLD HAVE HIS WAY. smh
I thought the Mexicans were going to pay for the wall
#MoreGolf
Trump elected is what happens when a large group of people enjoy eating the lies and bullshit he served and continues to serve.
Why does a intelligent person ever vote for this man???? Oh I forgot ...they don’t!
He’s so supportive your nation
Threatening to shut something down or take away anything is not leadership.
He said Mexico will pay for it, so why does he want our government to pay for it?
if your still in office this fall
Rust belt people remain ignorant & out of touch
I'd be happier with a White House shutdown. Let's hope Meuller gives it to us.
As well he should.
So u can see how much he cares.  Shutdowns put thousands out of work. It only hurts the innocent.
Please do that at the eve of an election
Shut it down! Then your deplorables wont be able to make payments on their trailers, and you’ll have them repossessed
Stupid statement
Treason?
Hostile takeover?
The country is probably better off with a shutdown than with the leadership of Donald Trump and his GOP goons.
Bullying and threatening again...trumps politics and diplomacy are sickeningly childish.
Like 2 yo having a tant coz he cant have a toy...
Oh no...who would spy on me... who would raise my taxes....who would try to take my rights away. A shit down doesn’t sound so bad.
He was offered 25b for his wall a few months ago by the democrates......what did he say to them?
Good!


GOOD.. There is nothing more important than our having a border
OMG... what do some idiots not understand?? Crime, terrorism, & death is coming from illegals coming over! lol. REALLY...? Do you even wabt the best 4 this country??
