This was never a serious lawsuit. It was simply a vehicle for Manafort to circumvent the gag order in Mueller's suit against him, and tell his side of the story. Manafort filed this case after the Court rebuked him for trying to publish in the Ukraine an op-ed he helped author.
Nothing will stop the Mueller train.
Shocking. Now can we get on with the business of bringing the #TreasonWeasels to justice and taking back our country?
This is the best hashtag I’ve ever seen


AWESOME!
It is time to FLIP, Paul.  Trump isn't going to pardon you.

Oh CNN don’t you hate all the good things that are happening to this country that our president has done. Shame on you guys you don’t like a great economy secure borders lower taxes no more threats from North Korea there must be something wrong with you
In other news, 
Donald Trump ends Korean War
#DonaldusMagnus
You mean for his crimes which have nothing to do with russia, or collusion etc?
Hahahahaha!
Cant wait for the lefts elite to go down.
CNN.....LOL 

The new TMZ
This is not right
#Deepstate is real.

So tired of winning?!?
Send a hug and support Toronto. Take a picture like this one and share it on social media with the hashtag #HUGSFORTORONTO
Let's talk the Republicans are hiding something especially Devon Nunez he is in on the Trump Russian collusion remember this when we vote Devon Nunez and the Republicans have to go vote
Unfair!  All the leftists that did the same thing are Scott free.
Nice try, but no cigar.
Corrupt AND Challenged. Nice combo.
Your going down!
going down! Don't drop the soap
Don’t worry Paul you will be pardoned
Loses.
Flip.
Let me put on my surprised face.
Rt Just In: DNI Reveals Clapper Admitted To Colluding With Tapper!

Well, well, well! The truth is finally coming out about many in the Democrat party!
JUST IN: House intelligence report reveals that former DNI James Clapper admitted to collude with CNN's Jake Tapper to spread discredited Steele dossier.
speaking of fake news....
I'm sorry you're so hateful you can't find or need the truth. Have a good day now
Rt RIP Democratic fairy tale!

BREAKING: House Intel Releases Report On Russia Probe; One Sentence Is Sending SHOCK WAVES
Sure they did. I am sure they really really did a full investigation, again. (Wink, Wink) They just forgot to look at all the real facts and depended on an awful lot of those alternative facts they are so fond of.
 You can't fix stupid! I don't care to try.  Keep up ur crap while the rest of us moves on.
LOCK HIM UP
Awwww what a shame
Paul Manafort. Only Trump can give you a full pardon.

I wonder how fast he’ll flip now!!  #Trump #MuellerIsComing
Paul are you ready to talk now?
this guy is a true sleeze.....lock em up (jail).
CNN, every other net work is covering North & South Korea as their headline news. To hard for you to give Trump any credit???
CNN reported it in a tweet 6 hrs ago.  Do some research.
Info is coming out every hour. In six hours a lot has happened. Do your research.
You said that cnn hadn't reported it. I was pointing out that they had already reported it 6 hrs ago.  Do you have a problem with somebody pointing out that your stupidity is showing.  But from your profile I can see that there's a whole lot of stupid there
Just saw a recent Monmouth poll showing 46% of America believe you report fake news. I’m suprised its only its that few. You’ve lost the American people.
He's about to lose his freedom

Front page of http://Cnn.Com  right now. Trump and his Admin stories dominate the front page...scroll down...scroll down...keop scrolling...oh yeah, NK and SK leaders holding hands in Peace. That should LEAD. You are an embarrassing propaganda tool
Its the CNN CLOWN SHOW, This one is my favorite, ha ha ha
He’s like a sewer rat . Desperate to find any way out!
Good!! Cohen, are ya listening slimy snake?

Ouch!
Is there an emoji for ‘flip’ ?
Former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort loses his effort to challenge the authority of special counsel Robert Mueller in civil court https://cnn.it/2HW55as  


  yay!
Good, now please go and tell what you know about Trump, make a deal for yourself and do the right thing. People need the truth!
The crime was when he worked with the Podesta group.  What does he know about their illegal dealings? The world needs to know.

Except Hilly, you libs think she is above the law.
Yeah, you're done, Paul.
A man is just a man
so Mueller is air tight is he?
Courts are honest.
LMFAO wow you never have been in the CJ system have you?  But I thought all cops and courts were RACISSSSS .
manafort case has nothing to do w/election or trump. pls report real news.
Time for you to flip!
On who the Podestas since thats who he was working with when the crime was committed?
Hurray!
LOL
This comes at no surprise
Goin to Prison !!!!!!!!!
Sad!!!
#saveAlfieEvans ! 
Sorry...

