The World should focus on the ethnic cleansing going on in Nigeria. Why would the Buhari's government allow the herdsmen (his ethnic group), move freely with AK-47 on their shoulders, murdering innocent Christians, even in churches?
You're now the problem. Because the issue is that herders are in conflict with farmers. It has nothing to do with Islam/Christianity conflict. On the other hand, each time people want to magnify an issue, they immediately attach it to religion. It's a shame.
And what if I tell you @jst_brown that you don’t understand what is actually taking place. It’s actually a religious war!! Muslims in Nigeria are out on a jihad to do what they can while @MBuhari their brother is ruling!! #2019 is next year!!
Nomor, based on the violence of Boko Haram, do you have idea of the fact that 93% of their victims are Muslims? Then, tell me about those who came out waging a war against Christians. Kindly stop trying to share hate. Your words are quite misleading.
Do Boko Haram and Herdsmen sound the same to you? Go to your Google and type in Boko Haram and Herdsmen. Which part of Nigeria has pastures - the arid north (muslim) or the rainy south (Christians)? How many times have u heard herdsmen attack in Bornu, Sokoto or kano? Wake Up!
Oh, not of course. They don't sound the same. Let me ask you something; have you visited Nigeria before? I was posted there to cover conflicts. Tell me what you know about there. I mean, I want to know why you think you're smarter.
Had it occurred to u that people sell butchered cows (beef) and not cattle? Why not the government accept the anti grazing bill by Benue State?Rathed they have decided to propagate evil hiding under the cover of pasture!! I have lived in the core north&was born&raised in #Benue!
Dude, there are conflicts everywhere in the world. What pisses me off is how silly dudes try to see every violence in religious wise. I'm an atheist, and I firmly believe that you guys suck. The two religions you practice there are full of violence. So, stop it.
Lord help us your church is under attack from the outside and the inside. Give us strength and peace Jesus.
The headline is misleading. Christians are persecuted and target by muslim extremists
But you always tell us that shootings don't happen anywhere else but USA, how'd this happen?
i would not consider Nigeria a thriving nation. we mean places like Australia, France, Germany, England..

lets not pat ourselves on the back when fuckin NIGERIA has a mass shooting. just stop.
Sure ya do Wakanda. Keep it real.
Sure i do, what? and what does my display name have to do with anything? 


Who shall bail the cat? Nigeria needs urgent international intervention now to help solve these herdsmen problems.
Jihad going on in Nigeria without response from Qatar. As terrorist leades, they have a free day. Cours of colonial master vested interest in niger delta oil. All have turned a deaf ear.
Please help the ordinary citizens because our security has fail,within a month more than 100 lives lost. 
my good God! Its getting sadder everyday. May their souls rest in peace. But are there any gun laws in Nigeria? So sad

It's herdsmen with guns!!!!!It's a genocide!!!!!!
@duma_noluthando Nigeria becoming more like USA
Q ANNON IS 506 29 6063 
BROKEN ARROW
ENEMIES IN THE BUNKER
COUP IMMENMENT 
TRUMP LIVE AND OTHERS IN DANGER 
PRAY PRAY PRAY
Nigeria needs tougher gun laws I guess ... lol
Wake up America... let's go forward. If your ignorance hasn't caught up, Racism should be extinct, no one race is more injured than another anymore, history has hurt us all... go forward... we are all better than what's on the news.
Pretty sure we will hear Don Lemon & Anderson Cooper find a way to blame Trump tonight.
Are any legitimate sources reporting this?
It’s an attack on Christians. There’s a war going on, led by ignorant liberals.
ابشركم بظهور الموعود والمنقذ لكم من فتنة الشيطان واصدقاءة ويدعوكم لتفحص كلامة وتنظروا برهانة وحجتة عليكم
http://mahdi-alumma.com/forumdisplay.p …
Going to church to share your faith with others who are like minded to prepare for heaven, is not a sedgeway for someone to come in and make you meet your God on their terms.
#TorontoAttack - Terrorism next door.
we were learning about Nigeria :( i wonder if the cause stemmed from religious cleavage @Selena___selena

Herdsmen? This suggests that it’s some kind of agricultural feud, is that the case or is Herdsmen a euphemism for something less comfortable to say?
These herdsmen are sponsored jihadists from Libya! This is what @MBuhari himself has said!! Trained by Ghadaffi!
Islamic insurgents would have been a more accurate term than ‘herdsmen’ then, thanks for the clarification.
If assault weapons were banned in Nigeria, people wouldn't die there anymore.
Nigeria is a safe haven compared to the U.S.:

Sutherland Springs     27 killed

Sandy Hook           28

Virginia Tech           33

Orlando                  50

Las Vegas             59
Thank God, more violence.
@Emma4Change Only in America, Emma?
When the last mass shooting at a mall in Africa occurred, Obama denounced it all over social media. It's odd how there is not a peep from ex-Pres Obama. It's best for him to distance himself from being a President. Benghazi/Clintons
This has really got to stop. How many deaths will it take for someone in power to finally take this seriously and do something!? Buhari, fix this. Soon.
Wow gun violence outside the United States and against Christians. Who would have guessed?
I guy it’s a break from all the gun violence IN the states by Christians lately
What a beautiful terror :)
this killings were perpetrated by Fulani herdsmen. This killings occurs on a daily basis. Nothing has been done to stop them
Pls report the truth to the world. Its not just ordinary gunmen but Fulani herdsmen performing ethnic cleansing in Nigeria.
Niger. Really? What happened with reporting about the great things our President is doing for this Great country. This is why DNC fails. They will always will because__  (Fill in the blank)
Oh God!!! Save this world from satan and his orderlies.
Just called them what they are. They're Fulani herdsmen not gunmen. And they have been killing Nigerians, mostly Christians for God knows how long now. Yet, Buhari and his cohorts are not doing anything about it. This is so Sad.
This is right under my nose. This is the beginning of the end.
I think I saw Hogg speaking perfect igbo, nausua and ibibio on Nigerian TV about gun control and calling for a boycott of food and water until the book comes out in 3 months.
terrible

nice report CNN my local government area were i liv is not too far from were the killings happen
It has nothing to do with religion. Fulani feel they can take land to feed their herd at any cost. No respect for human life.
Wow!..Looks like we have to band Nigerians.
Wow
It's the continuing holocaust damnit , not just some random shooting. Today's victims just happened to be Priests and their congregation.

When will CNN or FOX be reporting on the fact that the US provides military assistance to over 70% of dictatorships on Earth?
Church is a place of community, of service and of humility. The shooter by act is a source of devestation. Consuming inward rather than giving outward. Most I imagine are troubled people, resentment or anger overwhelming what good might exist in them. An ill tragedy of a life.
If you're Christian, think before you tweet about your suspicion of CNN's motives or your 2nd amendment (gun) rights. Some of you guys aren't showing much compassion for your fellow Christians around the .
Trumps Fault...
Hmmm I wonder what religion that gunman might have been......
I'm surprised tonight! 
CNN report Nigeria news. Hmmmmmm, their must be something behind it. 

Maybe the admin is on alcohol or Tramadol and so on
If you hadn't said 'Nigeria', I would have just assumed it was in America.
Guess you are uninformed about how often stuff like this happens around the world.  You should start by reading the article.
Since when does CNN care about people getting killed in Nigeria?
#BLACK Woman
Impossible. @Emma4Change said no other countries have mass shootings and guns are illegal to own in Nigeria without a police license.
Normally, we don't experience mass shootings in Nigeria. I live in the Southwest and nothing like that has ever happened because everyone gets along no matter the religion or tribe. It's just that most of the Northerners have a lot of crazy in them.
Normally, we don't either. Mass shootings represent only a fraction of overall violent crime.
I think it still occurs a lot. It's like pretty much everyone in the US has a gun and in a society, access to guns shouldn't be that easy because it could lead to terrible consequences. If you guys don't do sth about it, it's very likely that the rate at which gun violence...
...occurs will increase.
The US is experiencing a 50 year low in violent crime rates. You should focus on facts over your feelings.
Just because there is a decrease in violent crime rate doesn't mean there is a decrease in gun violence. Like you said, gun violence is only a fraction of overall violent crime.
It's almost as if you're suggesting violent crime can still occur without the benefit of a firearm. Tread lightly.

Gun crime is also at a 50 year low, lower than the time of the "assault weapons" ban, particularly if you remove suicides, which account for 2/3 of gun crime stats.
Was this a american  mass shootings
This is nothing shocking I'm afraid. Those nasty people have been terrorising the Christians in the North since 2000.
Terrorist attack...
we can't continue like this. Living in fear everyday and night.  God help us.  Wish to relocate to have my peace
People once had reverence for God's house. Apparently not anymore.
He was probably American
CNN is an hypocrite.
CNN have been silent all this time but suddenly the showing interest. You have ulterior motives CNN.
Might want to look at the date.
So? Do you know how many attack have been carried out by both Boko Haram and Fulani Terrorist? Daily and how many people have died? But they were silent all this time. CNN is an hypocrite.
1. Look at the date again. They were not "silent this entire time".
2. Why would they report on ALL the attacks? Just seems overkill.
3. What ulterior motive do they have by the way?
Whhhhaaaat, fuck thats terrible
Nigerians have been killed on a daily basis since 1st January, 2018 till this very day... and Buhari is doing nothing about it.
Talk about collusion didn't 0v0mit interfere with the Nigerian elections? Nigerians were afraid to leave their homes while children from who knows where were casting ballots. Kind of like deep state busing in voters to defeat the GOP candidates
AHA   THE  N   WORD
God have mercy... Wah a wicked world
Crazy crazy. Why? Killing people in the house of God? That's so devilish!
Yeah but it's just Nigeria right, Trump called it a shot hole!
Please,you people should let the world know what is happening in Nigeria
This is a terrible tragedy. This is another example of someone attacking a religious institution. And a Christian one. Wow. Who would have guessed?

I thought these things only happened in america?
In America is Psychopaths, in Nigeria is Jihad
Was it a white man??
Nah, black muslims.  They represent both groups that kill the most people, blacks and muslims.
Religion of Peace™ alert
David Hogg blames the NRA for this.
Yet Muslims are the victims apparently.
Yes, but were their guns illegal?
No not legal at all
Why does CNN care about Nigeria? Is that just to show that they were killed with Guns?
You do know cnn is an international news org right?
The twitter feed doesn't really show that however. It's mostly US politics with some US news filled up with an occasional world news tweet.
Bam guns in Nigeria! Ban churches! Nobody NEEDS a church

The more lawless the country, the more prevelant the gun crime. Remember that when you argue that nobody follows gun laws, so there's no point in passing any.
*Criminals* don't follow gun laws. 

And I don't Nigeria is lawless, they just don't follow them. Same with US mass murders. If current laws had been put into practice, many of those tragedies could've been avoided.
Damn nra everywhere right cnn?
