Thank you for this jam!!!!
He's in Lolly-Lolly-Lolly-land right now.
Thanks for all the fun! RIP to one of my best childhood teachers!!!  ...I still remember every word!!!
This makes me so sad! I just watched a bunch of them. Thank you Mr. Dorough. 
Knowledge is power! 
School House Rock was a childhood staple. I have the cd of every song they did and still love to listen to it. Now I sing them to my nephews and grandchildren. #SchoolHouseRock
I am  a Bill on Capitol  Hill was my favorites  out of many learning tools.
One of my favorite childhood memories was Saturday Morning cartoons and #SchoolhouseRock. Thank you Bob!
RIP BOB

And we care why?
Because this dude was a legend who helped us get through elementary school by creating one of the best cartoons to ever grace this planet.
a legend to you, not to others.
Everyone knows that “Conjunction Junction” is an absolute banger.
Prayers
As much as I hate math, those were my favorite Schoolhouse Rock episodes.
RIP. Conjunction Fuction. Thank you, sir. You made your mark. You made us smile. And learn.
Proud that my 13-yr-old son knows the words to 3 is A Magic Number, among others. Thank you Bob Dorough for making learning fun!!!
So sad! Schoolhouse Rock was a significant part of my childhood- I still use “I’m just a Bill” to explain the legislative process- even with adults!
RIP bob
OMG,  how will we ever figure out how government works? I loved these little cartoon infomercials on Saturday mornings!
I remember all of those and can still sing some of them.
I watched those cartoons every Sunday morning. It s ow I learned politics. Rest in Peace
MAY YOU REST IN THE LIGHT OF GOD’S LOVE!!!!   THANK YOU FOR YOUR WONDERFUL LESSONS IN THE “SCHOOLHOUSE ROCK”!!!!!!
I'm 57 and I remember all the school house rock pieces. Continue to rock on Bob.
He was the best.  Still joked about "i am still just a bill"  a few months ago with my sister.  #RIP
@jillcbisbee @MairinWolfe oh no!
Conjunction junction what’s your function ?  He had a BIG impact by making learning fun and memorable!
I love Schoolhouse Rock!!!!! I think they should have it in schools to help teach the children & make it fun, & I hope he was a millionaire when he passed. RIP to a great man that truly loved to teach, & cared about children. I have the whole set. 
.
Sad day.
There is very obvious ethnic cleansing ongoing in Nigeria... everyday people are butchered by Fulani Herdsmen and nobody is doing anything about it...
Rats!
https://youtu.be/n2cjiP1mh48 .        One of my favorites
Trumps favorite show!
The Simpsons parody of School House Rock was priceless. Used the same singer too
Rip
NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!! 
Respect and RIP. I've even hipped my kids to your tunes, and they love them as well as I.
Oh no, a unique talent who brought joy with his music
RIP
He was a major part of my child you will be dearly missed
We need him more than ever
Thank you Mr. Dorough for Schoolhouse Rock! You added a lot of value and knowledge to people, including me.
You made Saturdays extra special, Mr Dorough. Rest In Peace.
Conjunction junction...what’s your function?
thank you for all your Fun civic's lessons on ,, off school day < saturday mornings> ... a lesson  the good people stuck with  sadly others  did not..  R I P  Mr Dorough
Awww CRAP! Another fantastic piece of my life GONE! I remember singing “The Preamble” From SHR for extra credit in History class in school!
Nooooooooooooo
I loved schoolhouse rock. I learned so much as kid from those songs. I watch them now on YouTube with my kids. Cool stuff. Thank you Mr.  Dorough and RIP
Life well lived.
RIP Bob Dorough -You’ve made learning fun!
Thank you David B. McCall for the Eureka moment!!! RIP Bob
May His gentle soul rest in peace. We Miss you.
RIP 
I learned so much from "Schoolhouse Rock". Thank you and rest in peace.
He lost me with “Elbow Room.”!good riddance
He looks just like that Bill from the Schoolhouse Rock cartoon. RIP with much respects.
I loved School House Rock.  A great legacy.
Never forget and RIP Bob :(
Aw, another wonderful creator of childhood memories has left us.
well “i’m just a bill” was proven to be a dead concept within his lifetime.
at least “conjunction junction” still has value.
.... and I described it, with adjectives.
sad-R.I.P.
#yaAli
 RT @cnnbrk: Bob Dorough, the creator of 'Schoolhouse Rock,' has died. He was 94. https://cnn.it/2HLbPYY 
