As usual, another trumpturd...
Hey, CNN, are you a news station or a gossip station?  Ridiculous!
Whatever
Anyone who comes in contact with Trump will pay a big price is it really worth selling your soul and morals?
Never has so many been so absurd. None of this would stop this man from doing a great job. Keep treating every nominee this way. It will bite you in the ass.
CNN is IRAN

When you thought Military people had Honor, here comes Ronny Jackson, a Doctor who knows he is not qualified for Veterans Affairs job. You could tell he was in Trumps pocket with that glowing review Trumps health.

Here are all four of President Barack Obama's staff evaluations of Dr. Ronny Jackson, covering 2014-2016. It kinda looks like the Obama administration didn't put much stock in that 2012 inspector general report. 
The man has been in the White House for 12yrs. and has done a fine job. Who among us could go through that scrutiny ? Just stop.
Hard evidence? Alligations? Don’t know what to think. Was he prescribing/offering meds outside protocols, during last 2 admins? If several yrs., why r we just hearing? He may have big issues. But it’s hard to sort concrete evidence. Was he undetected in wh for 6 yrs? Confusing.
Meme MAGICK.
Justice

Of course he won’t resign. We are living in a time that misdeeds and inappropriate behavior is allowed. Look at Eric Greitens and Scott Pruitt. These bad white men just won’t stop
Trump was supposed to be the great businessman who would "hire the best"
So far, 43% staff turnover
Judges nominated who never tried a case, EPA & NASA leaders who ignore science, and this guy, etc.
Trump is keeping promises - he runs govt as poorly as he ran his businesses.
Why would Trump go to a legitimate Doctor?
That's the WH doctor, same doctor under Obama
Trump had his choice of over 3,000 US Government & Military general practitioners, yet chose the only Doctor with improprieties in his past. Coincidence? Don't think so. Trump needed a glowing health report with BS cover for his bad eating & exercising habits.
Isn’t improper conduct a prerequisite for serving in this administration?
These "men" in elite positions need to be held accountable for these soul breaking acts.
"Raw allegations" - "Democrat Senators huddled privately in the basement" - "unnamed sources". This is how The Peoples business is conducted in Washington these days. We are a Nation in trouble.
Absolutely disgraceful hit job!
Weird. Why wasn’t this an issue when he was Barry’s doctor?

Eh, if not for those meddling reporters!

Lol... he makes me feel so manly, too.
Makes me feel like a pro-athlete football professional.


Thank goodness for the “Free Press”! Why can’t the team surrounding the President find the same details the press finds or should I say that the President doesn’t care or hope we do not find these things out? I suspect we’ll be hearing “Fake News” soon from the President’s lips!
He was vetted by fox (fake) news, of course he not qualified to run the va.
What an idiot he is to accept trumps nomination. He had it made in the shade
It is of critical importance we realize that any type of allegations within the DOD and even the VA, is often not as it may appear. Each instance must be closely scrutinized to determine if things are as they appear, in reality they're often not. Hold off on judgement for now.
The candidate managed to rise to the rank of Rear Admirable, no small accomplishment by any means. Had there been any serious allegations, substantiated, Dr.Jackson would not have made it as far as he did in the ranks. Something's wrong with these allegations just now coming out.
If someone is raising some Tailhook like allegations those were dealt with decades ago. I say lots more scrutiny on the accusers this time around
I agree, Don.
MORE OF CNN FAKE GOSSIP .NO EVIDENCE ..NO FACTS..No Argument ALLOWED.. You Really Should Be ASHAMED TO STILL CALL YOURSELVES A " NEWS ORGANIZATION"..NOT FIT!!
FAKE NEWS PEOPLE
Donny Jackson is a saint!  He MAGA!
Just heard about the allegations on World News Tonight. What stood out: “but offered no evidence”. Once again allegations by Dems without evidence in an attempt to damage the President. #obstructionists #liars #antipatriot
So @JohnCornyn “isn’t sure anyone can run the VA”. Well if it’s that big then break it up into manageable pieces. And who is giving any evidence? Who is making the accusation?Instead of putting Jackson under a microscope let’s put the false  claims and their banters under a scope
Republican party never vetted Donald Trump properly so why so surprised about his VA nomination or any of his nominations?
Indeed there is nothing hidden under the sun.
When Obama liked him... no problem. When Trump likes him he becomes unacceptable. The left is beyond disgusting.
What he do
preach
Isn't the timing off. He is fine as the doctor for the last 2 presidents, but as soon as nominated allegations come out of the closet.
Isn’t that the MD who gave DT a “clean bill of health”?? Can’t believe he would risk his reputation as a MD for the moron in the WH.

Lol  the desperate leftists.
Funny NOONE said a word when he worked for obama funny how this works for media
What a surprise!
@CNN is #FakeNewsCNN
I hope they look at all his scripts he has written!
Okay. Now do Senator Bob Menendez!
Another one? The shit just never ends.
These smears have to stop!  Not only are they unfair but it's beginning to look like the Democratic Party have called Wolf one too many times!  Unbelievable....literally.
What difference does it make when the Obstructionist  Left won’t approve any nomination anyway??
CNN might want to note the shield of color on this veteran’s uniform and show respect for this man’s service..
#veteransaffairs
I bet he forgot to shine is left shoe one day...so sad.
He will withdraw.

True dat https://twitter.com/alyssamastro44/status/953375116783771648 …
LOL!  WE KNOW IMPROPER CONDUCT, WHEN WE SEE IT. RIGHT #FAKENEWS @CNN ?  If excessive drinking disqualifies Ronny Jackson from serving as Trump’s  VA pick, how did Hillary Clinton ever become Secretary of State?
Being blind drunk would explain how he said Trump weighs 239.
Nothing PRUF the machinations of the left
I bet his clinical documentation sucks on his charts. We know it isn’t accurate BC he indicated t is 239 lbs. Bet he has violated False Claims Act on his documentation. Audit his medical record documentation. https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/justice-department-recovers-over-37-billion-false-claims-act-cases-fiscal-year-2017 …
If this were real it wouldn't be so hard to find out what Democrats are accusing him of.  #FakeNews
So sad so bigly sad 
Was this man maybe, knowing Trump being nominated as a tit for tat? @GOP could he be in this position because he gave a good review and a thumbs up on Trumps health?  it would seem something up his ally,no?@StephenAtHome 
Everybody relax, don't get excited. He faces CLAMES of over prescribing and hostile environment. Just another snow flake complaining to undermine our president. Nothing will come it. Nice try CNN.
Go Ronnie

Really?
Sources say.. ha ha ha ha. Sources... lol. Communist News Network... sources ha too much.. Thank you for getting President Trump reelected..Did I say President??? I sure did .... History is a beautiful thing that you can't change..bye bye crooked Hillary...Forever President Trump
@realdonaldtrump you said you hired the best people? This is unacceptable.  #ronnyjackson is unfit for any role,  especially in healthcare! #impeachtrump
He never does.
You knew there was something wrong the minute he talked of trump's health, height and weight. And trump goes for those who are like-minded. Sick. Sad.
I know a guy who can provide hush money. #TrumpCohen
The hate stops when you stop
Another swamp creature from the Trump lagoon goes down in flames. If this is a doctor America needs a second opinion. #drainthetrumplagoon
All of a sudden this man of honor has some kind of allegations,the liberals will destroy anyone that works for President Trump so will CNN ,it's pathetic
Not sure anyone will ever be able to hold the seat needed at any given time. NO-ONE is perfect. Just ask our president!!!! Give us a break okay.
Let’s not forget he has absolutely no experience in running a department this big.
He should be disqualified for not being able to read a scale! #Trump238 #whatever #FailingPresident
It turns out Trump weighs more than 239 pounds.
Could be??? :)
Oh look CNN all giddy about trump as usual . Can’t wait until you guys at CNN have to deal with explaining all of your lies and made up stories
I’ll only hire the best and brightest...not a good track record so far....
Could be? This even a question?
All of Trumps nominees not just Jackson aren't qualified also personal issues that should disqualify many but some get through, but these are the people Trump wants to disrupted & destroy this country & people that he feels never accepted him for his greatness(he thinks he is).
We all know that criteria for being in the Administration is to be morally corrupt and have no values. So he fits the bill.
Yeah he was only a surgeon in Iraq saving marines from bleeding out after they had their limbs blown off from IEDs. What were you doing in 2006 Brenda? You have no values to sit here and criticize the man while you have done nothing but waste oxygen.
Again an example where democrats again try to remove Trump’s cabinet. Seems like sedition by democrats and time to lock up any democrats involved in the conspiracy. @marcorubio @realDonaldTrump
Trump sure knows how to pick a winner.

So what is new about this administration?

Here's a guy who was getting along fine. Then Trump stirs his ambition, and now
he's under investigation, under a microscope he could have avoided.
AAAAHHHHHAAAAAAAAA
Not surprised that Trump keeps hiring snaky people.
Haha, I hope they certainly don't confirm him. I Hope they've learned by now not to listen to Trump;  saying he's a good guy, he didn't do it. Just don't confirm them period.

"Only the best..." 
Dear American people, we respect you, your values and your principles. we will defend each other. It is our obligation to humanity.
#TheSupremeCourt 
#bodegastrike 
#IamAmericantoo
He should be in trouble. I mean, he can't even properly read a scale while weighing and over weight president.
He served his country honorably, is highly decorated, mentally stable and that's improper conduct as dem's see it to lead VA.
Not so fast senators, I thought improper conduct was one of the criteria for any person aspiring for any public position in America these days?
Trump keeps tabs on all inappropriate nominees then back them. We are going back to gangster setup in prohibition time.Big time mobsters like Capone , etc. The Untouchables were the police working ferociously to bring them down !Today Trump and his backup are the Untouchables!
When are they going to review the improper conduct of David Dennison?
Of course there's a scandal!

"I only hire the best people." —DJT

#NotNormal
As a 25 year Military family- YET another Bad appointment by a Draft Dodger so called Pres -  NOT respected as  a Commander in Chief?? When  the hell is America going to wake up to what a morally corrupt person Trump is?  Please??
This is the doctor that lied about @realDonaldTrump 's weight and said he was perfectly healthy when other doctors who saw the results said he had heart disease.
CNN = Fake news ...they allege, however, have not even a charge. Give me a break
Sounds like a trump pick
What's the fuss? Sounds like Ronny Jackson is the perfect Trump-style candidate.
Obama showed his birth certificate. You won't share your taxes the least you can do is step on a scale for America. If its 239lbs then he gets a pass.
He does not look healthy. He looks downright seedy.
@KTLA There’s plenty of allegations against said senators as well!
I wonder if he has big hands.
Democrats huddled in a basement room... hahahaha how appropriate!!!
Were there any other RATS in the basement with them.
I have hard time thinking trump could work with anyone with out a history of improper conduct so they wouldn’t criticize his own.  But who cares the current gutless politicians will vote him in anyways
You people are a joke
This is not News until you have the specifics of the allegations.
This explains how he went from 329lbs to 239lbs
The fact that he lied about Trump's health should disqualify him from being a doctor.
Has no business leading VA

Drinking on the job? Hostile work environment? Illegally dispensing meds? What would disqualify him from swimming In Trump’s swamp?

Not such a nice guy it appears ! Matter of fact he needs to use some of those VA banefits himself it appears , does Betty Ford take Vets , nah didn't think so !
Apparently females don't have prostate problems.
Finally the truth is RealTrump the doctor to Ronny Jackson it looks not good!
#239
CNN's underhanded smear tactics is DISGUSTING
Another one of trumps so called best of the best go figure
No legitimate or competent nominees, most incompetent and amoral administration in our history. How embarrassing.
Let me guess....brought on by somebody associated with Democrats

The. Best. People.
They are going to blame this one on Obama! Guaranteed!
@POTUS
It’s been discovered he lied about @realDonaldTrump’s weight??
Just remember, he said the buffoon has some “great genes”! 
There’s always this guy
Pretty sure that's this guy, only wearing a human mask.
#drzaius #planetoftheapes
No wonder there is an opioid epidemic. America are you blind? Every junkie needs a dealer.
So he is every Presidents personal doc.. now all of the sudden he has issues.. really tired of the BS by Dems
Only the best of the best!  Chit............
They just authorized someone in favor torture as secretary of state, does any of this really matter.

F’kn swamp is getting annoying. Attempting to block/delay every nominee.
So @realDonaldTrump doesn’t weigh a not at all obese 239 pounds?
falsifying weight records?
trump hires all the best people... i would say he's batting 1000
His improper conduct — OK but the guy is totally unqualified for the job
Well he seemed fishy when he lied about Trump’s height by 2 inches. The guy is 6’1” same height as Obama and who would take a job u r totally unqualified for (except most of Trump’s cabinet). Maybe Chao and Haley=ok. The rest are milking is dry.
Sometimes it’s way better, Ronny, to just stay behind the scenes. Once you’re in the running for a secretary position, they WILL find whatever there is to find. If you ever suspected there was something to find, it was probably the time to withdraw. Or now is good.
I don’t know about these allegations, but I do know he can’t read a damn scale!
Locker room stuff? Oh dear.
How long will those against @POTUS fight to make sure REAL CHOICE for veterans doesn't happen? Their hate for him is stronger than love of Veterans.
How long was he Obamas physician again???  The pushback from democrats on nominees, is in direct proportion as to how effective they would be. If this "according to sources" is even true!

The Wednesday hearing has  been canceled.

It doesn't matter. What did they do about John Barron?  With all the allegations of misconduct, money laundering, the Russia thing etc....
Only the "best people".
I knew we needed a 2nd opinion after his crackpot analysis on trumps “impeccable health” ....he’s a drunk
For his sake he's only a drunk. Otherwise he's a f**kin moron who has no grasp of reality, or in other words a Trump MAGA supporter.
Sooooo...there have been “allegations”.... but no one has leaked what they are yet.....right.....more cnn fake news
McDonald's does a more thorough applicant background check than we've seen in this cabinet.
Fake news
This is amazing, another one of @realDonaldTrump great picks! Now we all know why his physical turned out so well! Fucken crooks and liars!
If you’re a veteran, even if you’re a Trump supporter, why on Earth would you trust someone to run the VA that says Trump’s in good shape? Even the most ardent Trump supporter gotta admit that’s not even close to true.
They definitely hire the best people, to go to jail that is.
Why not just wait till you have something before you report it? The media has become sickening.
Nor surprised  every one  #45 backs has some form of improper conduct  just like their leader
Excessive drinking? That's a new one for a Trump nominee. Usually the charges just range from corruption, nepotism, pedeophilia and plain old stupidity.
Well maybe all he did was put pubes on a woman’s coke can after she declined his sexual advances, like Clarence Thomas did, and that didn’t stop him from getting on the court.
Or maybe he just bragged about raping women like Trump did, and he became president.
Or maybe he just...

It’s all unraveling friends! Here’s the real collusion!!!@cnn #MAGA #DraintheSwamp #Trump https://davidharrisjr.com/politics/comey-memos-reveal-cnn-connection-to-dossier-leak/ …
Don't be distracted. If treason isn't enough to keep someone off the taxpayers teet....nothing is. Jackson will be confirmed. In the meantime, GOP wants to defund Medicare & put Social Security savings into the stock market. Because wtf could possibly go wrong?
HE DIDN'T LOOK THAT WEIRD WHEN WORKING FOR OBAMA--ALL THAT WORKS FOR TRUMP ENDS UP WITH THIS DEMONIC POSSESSED LOOK IN THEIR EYES LIKE THEIR SOUL IS NO LONGER THEIRS
crimes go unpunished for Dems 
While others conduct not meet dems standard are investigated to full extent of tax dollars
Ha.
Ay Caramba!!!
Surprise surprise suprise
Put him in with the rest of them!!!
Nice!

Fake doctor! Said fatso trump was in great shape. What a liar!
Everything 45* touches...
turns to shite
Don't worry about it. Whatever there are will be dimmed super appropriate now that Senate is used to Trump's.
Looks like 3/4 of DC is in trouble for one thing or the other, so happy to see it all come out in the open.  DC better be on the toes, or ?
CNN hAtes America and loves to see Trump obstructed.  CNN are liars.
Why am I not surprised!
