So.... about this "no collusion with the Russians" stuff???? I CONCLUDE that 45 is on the PRELUDE to SOLITUDE with his ATTITUDE & should be shown no LATITUDE!
y'all are "missing it" when you call her an informant; she would have to work for our government to be disloyal to it; she's a visitor and OF COURSE she is loyal to her gov't; if she stated otherwise she ws under pressure bc only a fool is disloyal to their country imo
Heads stuck in sand... still living in November 2016...time moving on and you're network and followers are sad....living in the past.
Well of course there was/did and the Russian Lawyer has admitted she is an informant for Putin...what more proof do we need? @realDonaldTrump and his whole family, well except Barron, need tried for reason!!!! They all knew.
Please provide evidence of your claim. Since the house Intel reports no collusion & 14 months have gone by with no evidence. Mueller has moved away from Russia collusion. But we have all the evidence of DNC FBI DOJ state department attempted a coup
You keep forgetting to mention her ties to Fusion GPS.  I wonder why that is?  CNN the true name in Propaganda News. #FakenewsCNN
Notice how this FAKE NEWS agency only reports negative Trump news?  Russian Lawyer also met immediately after Trump with DNC/H. Clinton about laundering campaign funds.  Fake as CNN isn't reporting this.
Source please
Oh no! Yawn!
C'mon!  Did we really ever believe that she wasn't an active informant for the Russian government?!
@RepTedLieu Seems to me Veselnitskaya is demonstrating her ability to sow discord in US. And you are perpetuating it.
OH MY... LET IT GO CNN . IT'S OVER YOU LOST THE ELECTION BECAUSE OF YOUR LIES.. MATTER OF FACT I BELIEVE YOUR THE MAIN REASON CLINTON LOST.. HA SICK OF THE GAY ,TRANS ,ABORTION ,RACIAL B.S. LOL
Someone show Trump Arnold!!! 

 Freesssh News 

Trump Takes Out ‘Fake News’ CNN And ‘Lying Machine’ James Clapper In One Blow | https://hedgeaccordingly.com/2018/04/trump-takes-out-fake-news-cnn-and-lying-machine-james-clapper-in-one-blow-2-2.html?utm_campaign=WPtotwitter&utm_medium=twitter&utm_source=twitter … …

#CNN
Bombshell Report Confirms Clapper Lied Under Oath Over His Ties to CNN: Obama’s former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper colluded with CNN over the debunked Trump-Russia dossier.

Ох как грустно,новое бы передумали.Голлевуд пригласить надо!
Who cares. The next news is no news
A self professed Kremlin agent
Since 2013 she was reporting to the Kremlin and all under the watchful eye of Obama and Comey.  Makes you wonder what Obama meant when he said "Tell Vladamir this is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility." I don't recall Obama every getting tough with Putin.
whatever CNN... anything u cover is masked in bullshit... DIE please... I give all who work 4 u their own personalized shovels... engraved... saying "TRUMPU"
CNN why don't you do a story on Fusion GPS or the Awans Spy scandal? F off
Fake news. Dems’ last desperate attempts to implicate POTUS.
Imagine that! #collusion #organizedcrime
I think there are more followers that hate CNN than ones that like them. Fox sucks so I don’t follow or watch them. It’s a really simple thing to do
So. What.
Who cares!! She mislead ppl about who she really was back then. Adoption lawyer? Had dirt on #HillaryClinton? I believe she worked for #Russia and was working for the left top try to hit #Trump's campaign. Didn't hurt him one bit!!
Closer? Like she was invited to weekly gangbangs?
BREAKING: Sources tell Wired Sources that CNN's Jake Tapper met with former DNI James Clapper in January of 2016 to plan 'rollout' of Steele dossier, and how to maximize damage for then President-elect Trump.
Are you trying to go bankrupt?
Is this same lawyer who got SPECIAL entry into U.S. by State Dept? Met with Glen Simpson of Fusion GPS BEFORE and AFTER Trump meeting? And wasnt Fusion hired by Clinton and DNC? Sounds like a setup. Why not give full story CNN?
FLASHBACK:

Natalie Veselnitskay

Given by Loretta Lynch 
Sept. 2015

Homeland Security confirms special entry for Russian lawyer | TheHill
It was a set up. Give it up
Can’t believe cnn keeps forgetting to mention her meeting at democratic intel committee sitting front and center.
CNN never reports on Clinton selling our #uranium to Putin+depositing $145 Million into #ClintonFoundation Do you not care about that?
Why does CNN Cover up for Clintons?
#President of #CNN is married to Hillary's former Deputy Secy Tom Nides.
#CandaceOwens #Kanye #MAGAForAll
Clinton didn't attend the uranium vote meeting .
The State rep. who went in her stead was not given a stance by her on how to vote.

State was one of about 25 parties that voted; so even if all above is a lie she had 4% input.

The U.S. vote wouldn't prevent sale; Canadian corp.
Uranium One's ore wasn't weapons grade uranium. 
No export license. 

Flynn was linked to plot to get Saudis going nuclear. 

The interesting uranium corp is Russian. An American got busted wrt it several years ago. 

GOP applies Clinton as cover up, to dodge reality. 
O MY GOD not this http://again.New  York Times is a joke.
Russia Russia Russia blah blah blah........ Wake me up when you're done.
Start at the beginning. Who brought her here, who approved her visa? This connected Russian lawyer was working with a company (Fusion GPS) which was HIRED BY THE CLINTON CAMP to produce dirt on the Trump team.
No. She's connected to Trump Jr.'s pop singer friend.

Please start reporting news truthfully!! There is no Russian collusion with Trump but you might want to look at Clinton
and Hillary hired Fusion GPS who hired  her to plan the meeting.... this is awesome!
How many informants tell you they are informants before you meet with them?  @realdonaldtrump proved innocent once again! Unwitting, at best.
Gee and its trumps fault we call you #Fakenews? Find out what real news is, we're over the fake russia narrative your con job Clapper gave you!
Any surprise here?!? NOT!!
Every time I see CNN I can’t stop laughing. What a joke you people have become.
you think he might try and sell them uranium.. if he dose he needs to be hung...right?
The timing of this is perfect - right after the bullshit GOP "intelligence" report of "no collusion" comes out. Bwahahahaaaa!
Who cares CNN
Are we one sided here? Didn’t she also meet with the Clinton camp after meeting with the trump camp? Why are we not mentioning this? Does it not serve the direction you are trying to spin this?
I sm so shocked!
How about this CNN? 
How did CNN hire James Clapper without informing the viewers that he was THE leaker of the Steele dossier, can there be a bigger conflict of interest than this?
gee, who would have guessed?!?!?!?
Then why hasn’t she ever been interviewed by Meuller?  More garbage
GOP = Goons Of Putin
Really?!! You don't say, @CNNBrk! 
Any American tied to a political group / activity who receives assistance from a Russian entity should be treated as a traitor.
Duh
Because telling the true is “so 2016”.
Don’t take the bait????or someone just file for divorce#Gold
Might be good to send home all persons who have barged into the US after the WW2, black, white and yellow.
Korean War ended after 60 years.

#CNN:  Russia, Russia, Russia!!
Always thought this was the case.  Evidently the House committee investigating did not opt to look under this very obvious rock to make their conclusions.
Trump should just show the public The compromising photos the Russians have of him in a Russian hotel. The public will not care! Porn Star affair no one blinked! Geez Kim Kardashian made a career on the back of a sex tape. Come clean! It will free u of Russian interference! MAGA!
Just like all the other media lies
#FakeNewsCNN #fake keeps pushing the BS. One year and millions spent to find no collusion,  meantime you people still air a misleading report like this??
Fake news driven by hate!
Give it up.  Nobody cares about a meeting that went nowhere.
Hatred Agenda recycled time after time
Still grasping!!!!!

Poor CNN desperate!
Surprise surprise, let’s watch Trump try to spin and lie about this!
Hey @DevinNunes  and @HouseGOP you really weren't looking were you?
And trump and his campaign had closer ties too.
keep it up BSN your helping  In MAGA
Didn’t she work for GPS? Didn’t HRC hire GPS? Need a napkin to wipe of the egg in your face? Keep spinning more lies and please post one more time that Melania didn’t get a B-day present! Great reporting
Of course she did. Did yall really believe this heffa before?!?
Hey when will you post that your colleague James Clapper, leaked "classified" fake Steel Dossier to your network?  You people conspired to bring down a sitting president, Incredible!

@realDonaldTrump Soooo no evidence of collusion eh?  Going to throw junior under the bus now with Cohen?
CNN breaking news!!!! You have lost your left wing liberal propaganda war against the President of the USA. The vast majority of people in America are on to your lies and innuendo!
Why did Loretta Lynch cut red tape to allow her back into the US?
#FakeNewsCNN House Intel Committee released official findings of NO COLLUSION WHATSOEVER. There fixed your headlines for you @CNN  Once AGAIN..geez try employing competent people for once, or here's an idea. Since he's convinced he's so perfect put @Acosta in the printer room.
Keep trying to take the attention of off yourselves and the part you guys play in trying to take Trump down-disgusted with CNN
A this point is anyone really surprised by this???????????????????
Fake news
Didn’t Natalia Veselnitskaya also   do work for Fusion GPS? Fusion GPS also gave her the fake information about HRC to be given to Trump team during the Trump Tower meeting.
Of course Trumpie boy is in Putin’s pocket
Here we go again. More Russians shit

bs!
But the meeting did happen between the Trump team headed by Trump Jr and the Russian team.  I hear crickets from the Trumpanzees.
If Hilllary ‘s team worked with this Russian lawyer to get some dirt on Trump - I’m sure the Trumpanzees would be shouting “traitor” and call for her blood.
Still No Collusion . CNN chasing a dead horse.
Wow. This is the headline? NOT that there is NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION??? This is why this news org. is corrupt. @jaketapper
Did Trump see THIS?! I can hear the tantrum now.
Some people have been saying this for literally a year now.
This is laughable, isn't it funny it drops after the report comes out. These people are  bags. This was all set up by fusion GPS follow the money, facts don't lie!
Well we all know the Russians are FAMOUS for LYING!!!!!!
ROFLMMFAO! Back to this? Stormy didn’t work huh? Just pathetic.
Look at at them all following right along!!
Head line should read Fusion GPS uses spy to troll Trumps. Are you afraid of that CONNECTION?
You really should find a new job
She was allowed entry by the Obama admin in order to set up the Trump campaign. Her closer ties to Putin make the manufactured allegations against Trump all the more salacious
This story is over no matter how many fake logs you wanna put on to keep the Russia b.s. fire going.
Amen. I'm so done with it.
Then why did Attorney General Loretta Lynch and Obama's State Department allow her into the country via a special waiver?
Dhe was immediately dismissed from her meeting with Don Jr. What's the point of this story???
So glad nothing came of the trump jr meeting. Close call, possible set up.
Russia, Russia, Russia just shut the fuck up already with that bullshit
I like this one.
COPE

Just Out: House Intelligence Committee Report released. “No evidence” that the Trump Campaign “colluded, coordinated or conspired with Russia.” Clinton Campaign paid for Opposition Research obtained from Russia- Wow! A total Witch Hunt! MUST END NOW!
Even closer CNN Ties
“A federal prosecutor in the U.S. Attorney's office in Manhattan told the court in a hearing in January 2016 that the "extraordinary circumstances" parole request needed to be approved by Attorney General Loretta Lynch”
“The Homeland Security Department confirmed Friday that Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya was granted special entry to the United States on multiple occasions in 2015 and 2016 at the request of the Justice Department”
What a farse, everyone know she was a spay, SPECIAL OBAMA AND HIS ADMINISTRATION
Well if CNN and New York Times says it, it must be true.
NOT !

Who let her in the country? Look into that.
I’m shocked.
Give it up CNN. This crap is getting old.
Enough of this baloney!
The "news" outlets should cease any discussion on Russia until such time as they will agree to do some real discussion of Uranium1.

Don’t know why you keep reporting this stuff. At this point Trump and his friends could walk naked round the White House lawn, and it would run off of him like water off a ducks back. He has SO devalued the presidency that nothing would, or could, be shocking any more.
We’re supposed to believe anything the NYT/CNN reports. I don’t think so 
Hey CNN, now tell us more about the Hillary cover up and collusion with the FBI. We want more of this information too! Don’t just report one side of this disaster!!!
Is this a fatter version of Carrie from "King of Queens" ?  Ha ha !!
Lol cnn is so desperate. It is not getting better.
North and South Korea are unifying after 63 years and you guys keep talking about this bullshit.
CNN do you really think people are going to believe your lies. You have went to well to many times
That's yo have gone to the well.

Then why did the Mueller's team ever interview her
Lol exactly,if she was this important she would of been first to be interviewed.
Amazing CNN discover's that one meeting not to but one meeting undoubtedly Trump must pee a kbg I mean KGB operative. Amazing another conspiracy that won't play out. Your total bimbos.
In other words. RUSSIAN SPY!
This meeting is not being looked at closely enough. This was no meeting about adoption. Anyone really think Donny Jr. and dickhead Kushner cared about adoption that close to the election? And there’s no way those 2 idiots went there without @realDonaldTrump knowing about it.
And all pointers point to who in the middle 
She was a Fusion GPS surrogate!  She met with Glenn Simpson before and after the meeting at Trump Tower!
Imagine that!
this woman was paying Fusion GPS for dirt on Trump and Clinton and tried whilst working w/ Fusion GPS she tried to entrap the Trumps w/ a meeting that resulted in no action...

Kremlin Logan Act House Intel Cmte House Intelligence Committee
And still no proof of anything.
Hey Donnie you are getting closer to obstruction.
Who cares!!! Clinton and the DNC paid Russians tied to kremlin for fake dirt propaganda on trump, then the corrupt obama DOJ used that unverified crap to spy on Trump Camp! The hypocrisy is astounding!!!
What is "closer ties"? Either she was a government employee, or she wasnt!
CNN IS SICKENING!
Are you people ever going to rest pursuing @realDonaldTrump? The more you crucify him, the more we love him
CNN needs to get off this Russia thing before they bring down the Money Trough that feeds them...
So what ?? CNN grasping again.
Yes, and they leave out that she normally only works with Democrats, and has for years.
Nice try, fake news @cnnbrk

"Oh no! Trump just cancelled WW3 and retweeted Kanye! Better get this out fast."
Newly surfaced emails indicate the Russian lawyer at the 2016 Trump Tower meeting had closer ties to the Kremlin than she suggested, NY Times reports https://cnn.it/2HzTEC7  
@luv69 @markyoungtruth @chuckwoolery @potus realdonaldtrump  How much information was revealed about Hillary in 2016 or were people interested in what was shared with Trump! 
In any event wrong doing was found, that was overlooked by Obama,CIA&FBI, wasn't everything resolved, NO
Prison time for the Clintons, Why we should always question the U.S full steam to pursue criminal charges&sanctions against other nations!The U.S is still operating the& trafficking, NO rescue/recovery, police officer level of law enforcement is what we have, you must have
A domestic dispute,Jay-Walk, NO dart Pass,shoplifting,seen running,have afull ofmost of do not have such encounters,unless the scenes were staged,EXCEPT,I did Jay walk across north collins in ARLINGTON TX,!NO SCREECHING TIRES,NO SLAMMING ON THE BRAKES, NO ALARMS ITOO SLOW
Yes, and no proof of collusion or obstruction.  Just a hooker.  What will CNN do now?
No wonder the House committee rushed their report. 
It’s over... Give it up.
This is why your ratings always suck.

Ummm @CNN did yall not get the memo? #FakeNews
give it up Cnn

This story drops by NYT 30 min after Intel Committee report interesting..

Trump is making peace between the Koreans, house intelligence brings out report that no collusion and here comes fake news cnn and comes up with some more fake unverified news on Russia
Still means nothing

And the evidence piles up
Stop this bs..  they have been cleared by multiple outlets..  the American people will remember who continued to push this narrative and throwing away our tax dollars
Who cares ????

Peace in Korea? QUICKLY! Redirect to Russia. Comey... Comey... Russia... Stormy...
I mean everyone who saw an read knew there was more than meet the eye come on when will the media do there job thoroughly
NO WAY! Let's recap, Cult 45 followers: Don Jr. refuses to share what was discussed in meeting, Flynn lied to FBI, the fake prez's lawyer had 12 cell phones, Gates pleaded guilty to conspiracy against the US, & there's a Russian spy in the room. Nothing to see here/Witch hunt! Uh
Um, you do realize that Natalia Veselnitskaya, the Russian lawyer, worked for Fusion GPS and got fake information from them to give to team Trump.
Anyone surprised? Trump surrounds himself with those of like mind... you know like liars and their I'll.
How about Trump brings peace to Korean Peninsula
And we are shocked!?
Nothing works so let’s rerun old stuff on collusion nonsense We got Enough of your BS. and We know you’re desperate!!!!!
