
@davidhogg111 heads up.  Police killed a naked mentally ill handcuffed man in his shower with multiple tasers.  Please read this article.
Boy, did my life get turned upside down, because i was asked for a favor.
"In his shower”? Like...while he was taking one?
Ok ?  So where is the rest of the story ?
Hi see video below they had to be another way. this is absolutely  appalling.
DISGUSTING AND A CRIME!
I AM WITHOUT WORDS!!!!
If he was black there would be riots.
I can’t (smh)
Not surprised.
fired ... they should be fired
Are you kidding me?
I think the reason why these killers are protected  is because protecting those cops means protecting the system.

Exposing the corruption in the police force exposes the whole judicial system; which exposes the politicians.

And boy do we have to protect them!
Wtf!!
Let me guess...this conclusion...was reached...by white people...
There medical examiner needs to be fired those two cops need to be prison facing life or death penalty.
The DA also needs to be fired, there is such a thing as involuntary manslaughter! Claiming they didn't go there attending to harm him, WTF, how many people are in jail because of bad judgment in a situation.
WTF? The call was “a man naked in hallway & is psychotic”. Police arrived & knew exactly w/c unit? Trammel was in his home already. Why break down the door when there’s nothing happening outside? Why would there be a disturbance when he was having a shower? Questions unanswered
I agree need more fact's
They felt their lives were threatened and they were afraid that he would pull a gun hiding between his buttcheeks
His dick was that big they were threatened? My god, this is clear manslaughter. They could have never entered his apartment, reached out to family, anything else.
My God Bless him and his family friends
America is country of double standards. Dome animals are more animal than others.
Shot n backyard... shot n a park.... killed sellin cigarette..now tased while n da shower!!
Police have a history of using Tasers in a sadistic manner; get pleasure from use. The bastards even use it on children.
Tased 18 times in the shower.. where is the justice? Unreal
Over kill! He pissed one of them off sounds like!
There needs to be some major education going on. If you're dealing with someone who is mentally ill and need them to be compliant, tasing 15-18 times is not the way. How about giving them physical space and talking to them, like a human?
I'm sad that police officers carrying these takers, don't understand fundamental aspects of electricity. 1) We don't bring electricity where there is water. 2) Electricity doesn't make anyone comply.  It shocks you and your body convulses.
I think these officers and everyone on that force needs to be educated about electrical shock and water. I can’t believe they were that stupid and the medical examiner is no better.

You’re both retarded. The taser’s effect is not amplified by water or being wet. It is a very small, limited amperage. It’s not like throwing a plugged in toaster 
I know your a bot, but even bots shouldn’t have to live in ignorance. He was tased twice and if you think it’s low amperage go to an officer and have him tase you. I’ve heard the horror stories,they never talk when it works right.
I have been tased, nice try!!! And guess what? I deserved it. I was a drunk asshole


Would it be possible for police departments to hire psychologists or psychiatrist or just anyone with some training with persons with mental health issues and when they receive calls like this the trained personnel accompany them? I really don’t understand how that’s not a thing
But we both know that this wasn't a training issue.
Again, reprehensible!
... So why were the Police in his house/bathroom?  Did somebody call 911?  Was he causing trouble?  Right.
See the video
CNN doesn't report this and other important news and issues!! All I hear is Trump said this, Russia did that, Trump hit me over the head with a whiffle ball bat, etc.

Shut up and eat this potato!

Let me guess, they were feared for their lives. What kill me about these pigs is that without a badge and a gun, they're soft as cotton.
They just keep getting away with Murder, sooo sad. Protect the people huh.......
And people wonder why I hate cops
WTF, has the DA not heard of involuntary manslaughter? So if I hit someone with my car, but hadn't intended to I get off scott free now?
We need to teach police to respond as if all suspects have a bomb, then maybe they will start treating these scenarios as they should!

This is the exact reason why the police continue to do what they please to blacks because for decades they have gotten away with doing so no matter if their illegal behavior is on tape or n front of witnesses  they continue to  getaway with their crimes every time.
More used toilet paper sotories  from CNN the socialist news outlet.
So lemme get this straight, cops can capture potential serial killer or mass shooter alive. But kill an unarmed black or mentally ill person? Does that make sense?
Could we please get mental health training in police departments!?
Of Course, Not... Prosecutors and judges work Very Hard to protect the State from Liability... That's why cops Rarely get charged - The State is likely to have to pay out damages. Police officers should be Forced to buy Malpractice Insurance, or pay Damages Out of their pockets.
Why!?
Let’s tell the whole story
Cops just murders with badges.
When did it become legal for cops to kill people, because a cop "thinks" the suspect has a weapon, then the cop simply says "oops sorry, my bad, I thought he had a gun". That is a badge that gives them the right to kill without any recourse.
Wow...now you can be killed by police in your own shower without wrongdoing on the officers part.

Police get away with murder everyday. 

And you wonder why police are demonized.
They tased him in the shower? They shd be changed with the death if this man. they didn't even lost their job  WTF
More CNN race baiting. Have any of you ever attempted to restrain a violent maniac who doesn’t want to go?  Until you do, you have no valid opinion.
why was this not  murder???    taser plus water....  everybody knows this kills..

Milwaukee sucks 
All my support to his family. Stupid cops those ones.
This just doesn't make sense.
The Backwards States of America!
The police are trained to be judge, juror and executioner if black people , it's state sponsored executions if black people
disgusting!!
Would this even be a story if this person was white?
Well they felt threatened while he was taking a shower. And it is just that simple they can take you life and then say they felt threatened and go free. Where is the justice?
I support the police, and there are two sides to every story, but if the cops did what it appears they did by the typical slanted CNN reporting, then some cops need to see a prison cell for murder
Why not?
A police call is more and more becoming a death sentence.
Nothing new
Of coarse not.
FTP
Someone needs to put these cops in the shower and taze the shit out of them!!!!
Courts are corrupt
They essentially license the police to KILL
What the fuck!?
The United States Police Force need to come to Canada to take some lectures on how to handle suspected targets; Canadians are very proud of Ken Lam, American cops have something to learn from him. #TorontoAttack
Being schizophrenic to bipolar has no effect on what a taser would do to you physically. And if you know how tasers work the person doesn’t need to@have a weapon, if they are coming at you you can tase them until they stop and comply.
Wait. What? He's not black!...Oops.  never mind.
R.I.P.

What is the police scared of,  the man is naked in the shower with no weapon, take physically now and put handcuffs on him.  No they killed him, time for better training
There needs 2B>national task force of highly respected, trusted, integral justice personnel2investigate every Black Death by police officer in last 20? 30? yrs.  That panel alone should have auth2 charge officers. Juries shld. b panels of well educated, racially diverse citizens.
And, it cannot be appointed by Trump, his admin. nor GOP party members...
Inhuman!!
Shame on them.
Wtf is wrong with the police!


What the fuck... I usually back the boys in blue, but this is more than I have words for... I guess the word I’m looking for is disgusting. I really hope this is fake news CNN.
Wow. Based off this info I'd say at least 2 cops, the DA and the medical examiner all need to lose their jobs (at the very least).
This has turned into a contest, who can kill someone who has the least threatening situation and get away with it.
Why were they not charged?
Also to the family: Hitting his head in the tub after being tased could have caused brain swelling. Ketamine is contraindicated with any brain lesion or edema.
why not
So, you’re telling me the police feared for their lives from a vulnerable, naked man in the shower? Get the actual fuck out of here.
#LockThemUp
To his family:Hire a proper neurologist & drug interaction expert."When they reached the hallway,Trammell began vomiting while remaining combative,the report said a Fire paramedic administered ketamine to calm Trammell." "Excited delirium". Ketamine+antipsyh+neuro problems=Death
Oh why oh why do people keep shooting us... Fuckers
Where the hell is the ACLU in all of these killings of innocent black and mentally ill citizens? I'm really wondering why there is not a nationwide investigation into these police murders?

Police can kill anyone if he/she feels their life is in danger from a cellphone, a set of keys, an umbrella etc.They tasered a mentally ill young man standing in a shower to death because his dick threaten their lives. Dallas 2017
Most Police are afraid when in intense  situations.Their fear leads to Police shootings that their City Attorney will justify to maintain the last line of defense keeping those people in line. The Elitist then can come and go and sleep at night
Of course not, he was black!
O M G!
Cops can and will kill you. State law gives them a wide berth in using deadly force. Just do what they say, they'll soon get bored and move on to the next victim of their harassment.
Damn shame
Where's the rest of the story, who was under his care, why do the police get called for a mentally ill person,why..does he need 24hr care. Where's rest of the story.
What the F uuuuuuuuuuu  ?? Why would someone tase a person standing in water, vulnerable IN a shower? When did WORDS and COMMUNICATING them nicely get replaced with weapons to KILL People???? This country SUCKS.
How in the hell does this shit continue to happen???
How do you repeatedly tased someone in the shower  ?
Laws must change to hold police officers accountable everytime they fire a weapon or subdue a suspect. Laws that give them a free pass when they say they felt threatened only entices those that want the thrill of killing and superiority that comes from authority from a badge.
Or is it the feel of inferiority you feel when you see a badge?  don’t like being told what to do huh? Sad. I bet they owned you at least three times
You know who is the largest organized criminal gang in the U.S.?
The Mexican Cartel
Nope.
The Mexican Cartel is responsible for more US deaths each year than police. Wanna bet?
That's not the metric to base it on.  Just sheer number of persons involved.
The number of police involved deaths versus number of police interactions is astronomically small. Think about it. Think about all the 911 calls place each yeah, nationwide. Think about the handful of media outrage incidents. You’re over reacting. Be reasonable
Just go by number of members. Over 1.1 million police officers in the U.S. and a system that protects them despite damning evidence. You don't have the protections they do.
I don’t have the job they do.
You're agenda is showing
What!? Why not!?
Because the dude was resisting and they tasered him. Read. The TASERED HIM! “Yeah but 15x’s?” Yeah, 15x. Each jolt, and all combined, won’t stop your heart. So don’t even try
@DAJohnChisholm You just joined the ranks of those letting the #police get away with it.
This is awful. There’s a medical emergency so the officers zapped the shit out of him! Why beak his door down? Why taser him at all? Why not call for help in the first place? If there’s not more to this story, the officers actions sound criminal.
WHY
Tasered please
This is reality... as terrible as it is! Nothing will ever change...
Nothing will change u til you criminals learn to respect authority. This is what happens when you don’t have dads around: you think you’re in charge.
Shocker!!!!
Probably thought the shower head was a gun
How is this even possible?

You are no more unarmed than when you are naked in your shower.
Ok. I only read the headline. But I can't imagine justification for this. 
What. The. Actual...
Is it me or every time I read one of these stories it's always a mentally ill person...
Everyone’s mentally ill
And they wonder why Colin kneels.
Lol
CNN, this is disgusting I am so very sorry for this young mans family..
Armed with a bar of soap?
They tasered him. You don’t have to be armed to be tasered. Ever.
Your “Breaking News” posts are jokes. Read them. I did. It’s all bias BS. And you ask why you are no longer relevant.
How? I'll wait.
Despicable! HOW LONG WILL THIS GO ON????
America is just one big house of horrors.
I agreed
That’s a damn shame,a damn shame,those cops were wrong for that,period, electricity and water don’t mix and unless those cops were stupid,they knew better.#MyRealTalk

Today mental illness only applies to violent angry white males. Everyone else is a dangerous threat.
A black man can't even shower without the race soldiers killing him.
NWA said it best... "Fuck the police!"
Why would you even tased anybody in the shower?? Common sense they can electrocuted him to death!!!

Some things are definitely wrong. The police go to talk to someone, he naked and unarmed. Yet he winds up dead. All they would have had to do was back off, and he would still be alive. The police were definitely wrong on this one.
Calling 911 is becoming a public threat and safety hazard. Without #PoliceReform and #PoliceTraining, the public may be at more risk of deadly harm at the hands of the police than at the hands of criminals.
Are you aware of the number of times police are called every day (in the millions) and the number of people killed by police everyday (less than 1 whole person)????????
No charges for officers in the death of mentally ill man hit 18 times with Tasers in his home.
Life is so damn unfair !
Come on man.  What does it take for an abusive cop to be held accountable for being an animal? Kill somebody?  Uh, no.
Did you read the article?
No, these idiots actually think police brutality is a huge problem. When in reality, the number of times someone calls 912 every year (in the millions) for a handful of deaths has an odds of about 650,045 to 1. You literally have s better chance of being killed by bees
"Chief He had a weapon!!!"

That was his penis frank!

"It was intimidating"
 
*Charges dropped*

Our system is that silly....
the fact that the police were not charged shows America to be morally bankrupt
Did you read the article?
Excellent
So, what else is new? Law enforcement officers have been known for generations for getting away with multiple egregious crimes & atrocities against people with psychiatric labels. They get away with murder all the time.
The police brutality is one of the greatest problems in the US; next to racism.
Without racism there wouldn't be nearly as much police brutality, imo.
I concur! Twin problem that goes hand in hand.
I’d say black on black crime is the greatest to black people, and black on everyone else crime is substantially large :
Normal country

Not another murder! of a black asian kid unarmed & in the shower ? And dirty cops not prosecuted, all blacks & asians need to become premium members of NRA , to better protect them selves

911 is basically a phone call to legal hit men.
Don’t call 911 then
Shameful!
In the damn shower? What was he gonna do? Spray them with body wash?
Do whats instructed the first time then this action wouldn't have been necessary.
How about fuck YOU and your ghetto fam
In his shower? wtf
Of course not.
The police are going to come back as pigs after they die.
The times gonna come in this Great America...where the citizens off all colors-background will be mother fucking sick and tired of thes corrupt, criminal racist white COPS...and take matters in there own hands...and no POLICE FORCE will be able to stop them
So ridiculous! When will they be held accountable!!!!??? This is so disheartening!!
Are you Crystal Meth? They shot him with a taser. A TASER. Y’all literally comment on police shootings and go “why don’t they tase him instead!?” And then you’ll just say “yeah but 15 Times is excessive” ok let’s just shoot em then.
Cops electrocuted a naked vulnerable man in the shower??? Wtf
That cop can't be that dumb!!
A cop wasn't that dumb. Two plus cops were. Worst part was a separate one punched him in the face after he was restrained and tased.
OMG for real?? How old is that kid??
Kid? He has a beard ???? You okay? “Lots Of teens have beards” lots of teens are the size of refrigerators....
Don't hurt me I was just asking.... LoL
This...and you wonder why....
Big surprise the guys that work with the cops won’t hold them accountable for anything I can’t wait to get a job overseas where this shit doesn’t happen
Of course not.
WTF!!! WOW 
Seems about right
no fucking shit.  #acab
.@CBSNews There should be a review of Standards of Engagement by the police with the public
Step out of your cubicle and ride with law enforcement for about 6 months then allow us to revise your statement.
So electrocuting a mentally ill man is just part of the job...cowards.
That’s not what happened. They tasered him. Ya know, that other non-lethal weapon you idiots begs police to use instead of shooting? Guess what, the cause of death wasn’t electrocution. In fact, all 15 shocks at once would stop a heart. Nice try
Taser uses electricity and delivers an electric shock...or electrocution...just stop killing unarmed Americans for a change.
You realize tasers don’t kill people? Even the cause of death wasn’t electrocution...
He didn't die from  natural causes lol

Thugs with uniforms. You get the respect you deserve.
He looked like he could be black. Makes total sense.
You ain't lying!!
Just that particular county
What the fuck
Ya. I will just scream WTF before I read the article!
