I hope they skewer Trumplethinskin.
You mean the guy that just ended a 70 year war? I think he'll be just fine.

Know one cares
make that two
Looks like someone missed the joke must be a lib
The swamp at its finest
Cringeworthy
Look at all of those millionaires together.
Oh look. Its the people who's been in power for 10+ years and still hasnt done as much as Trump has during his first 2 years. Woooow! How many illegal immigrants do you think they have serving them expensive wine?
FAKE CNN OF COURSE IS THERE TO BROADCAST IT CNN
Lmao honestly who cares about this #fakenews @cnnbrk
AKA the D.C. Establishment
Yet again your headline should have been,  "Look at me! Look at me!"
Live updates:  Media in huge circle jerk.
@jaketapper won an award from his mainstream media peers for "breaking news" about a DNC funded (fake) dossier used to obtain a warrant from a federal judge for surveillance of Trump Campaign?

This is a new low in American journalism. Only Canada has integrity anymore.
Better than coverage of that racist ego trip happening in MI
Go Trump!!!
can you imagine all the BS in that room? you wouldn't be able to breathe
You will freaking out when the news in US will be only the politic news detain by the power.The super was also to raise money for education
we are already there. they will often tell you that these "gatherings" raise money for this or that, but i think it is rarely true. they tend to fill their own coffers first...google Haiti
@michelleisawolf was awesome ! She did a great job calling out all the trump BS
Fake news!
WOW, talk about the swamp. This room is a load full. I can understand why Trump prefers Michigan over this cess pool.
CNN=Bananas
Vomit!! (And you wonder why 95% of Americans have zero trust in you and and actually see you as a threat.)
Yuck
Keith Bokyn and Tiffany Cross are right DT has said way worst things than Michelle Wolf said, she is comedian but he is the president.
Exactly it doesn't even make sense, Trump says the most craziest things and they dont blink a eye. Its like Trump is a 5 year old and he doesn't know any better. Only thing this 5 year old is the leader of the free world.
Headliner was way too mean spirited and not that funny. A trend. Get better comedians who make good-natured jokes.
You guys... this woman is awful.... wrong wrong wrong ... I’m so sad.
Of course CNN covers this! With any luck DL, CC, SS, AN, TS, JA, JT, AR, AR, will end up with the runs from dinner!! @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @Stvzbnk @Shgamha @Feisty_FL @DiamondandSilk
These Liberals already Suffer from Diarrhea of the Mouth.
Why does CNN insist on airing trump rallies? You are giving him free publicity. CNN is now trumps other propaganda network FOX is the other.
Boo hoo
Not a fan of Sarah but that was not right.
It had a Carrie at the prom kinda feel to it.
Michelle wolf was great. The men were prob uncomfortable. More to come
Yes the very people who don’t give a toss about the public but pretend to who only care about their status, their wealth, how famous they can get , how they look and creating divisions within society.Full of ego.Infact I could go  on and on.
TRAITORS AND LIARS AND MOST ARE AMERICAN ENEMIES
Was this being covered as news or entertainment? If news, how can you justify increasing audience laughter as crowd turned on “act”.  Wouldn’t this be a classic example of #FakeNewsCNN @chelseahandler
Michelle Wolf was disgraceful.
I am not a prude, but this woman is really crude.
such a waste of tax payer money. one day Thanos will take care of half of them
A bunch of hypocrites promoting fake news.
A heard of fake news swamp beasts.
The real news was in Michigan
And who is he this journalist
Anyone who claims to be offended by @michelleisawolf and is not offended by @potus and his corruption assault on women treatment of disabled lack of mercy about healthcare ... then you are everything wrong in USA
Who in the hell  watches cnn
Aww, @realDonaldTrump didn't attend again? Too chicken shit?

Pussy, grab thyself.
He did that? Because I only saw the president of South Korea with Kim Jong Un.  DT nowhere in sight.
That's because you are looking at life with blinders on.
Did I miss something was Donald Trump in North Korea recently?? because I thought he was entertaining Macron and Merkel all week??
Ever heard of a telephone?
Trump has done nothing yet, your getting a bit over excited about nothing. If history tells us anything the North Korean's can't be trusted and let's see if they give up ALL their nuclear capabilities, then you can go celebrate.  DT didn't telephone NK, dimwit! Pompeo was there.
When in doubt, resort to name calling! You have know idea if Trump has spoken with Kim and do you think Pompeo just went to North Korea on his own accord? FFS, denying reality has become an art.
THIS DINNER WAS ONE FOR THE BOOKS.TRUMP IS SITTING SOMEWHERE MAD WITH BOTH HANDS ON A GLASS OF WATER. LOL   http://WWW.GOJEWELRY.ORG 
He was in Michigan. And your jewelry sux.
Lady, I don't do online insults. If you don't like my jewelry, that's fine. You must did not really look at the site. It's ok, http://WWW.GOJEWELRY.ORG   Have a great night.
Honey, I did. Gave you a reasonable critique.
ARE YOU DONE WITH THE INSULTS? I have not insulted you one time. Maybe you need to get some and go to sleep. hmm
A lot of obama and hillary brown nosers


@seanhannity  Did you hear about the award they gave CNN which reported the DNC funded (fake) dossier? Un*frickin*believable! I thought I was watching an SNL skit. They still want to tell us it is true. That is the definition of "fake news." President Trump is right about them.
We have outgrown this lavish party for the elites.  It needs to go.

Lot's of sore losers in one place.
What a train wreck I just watched. Yes, journalism is dead!
Nothing but a sea of corrupt liars. Want to know why nothing ever gets done in DC? Look at this picture.
Still not enough diversity in this crowd. Need to work on that!
The Swamp all in one place!
Some patriotic  swamp  dwellers.
All the fakers in one place
Trying to come up with new ways to try and overthrow the President.
and no one gave a fuck
Thank God, our President Trump dodged this crappy dinner with the lying media. I don't blame him, I wouldn't want to be in the same room with them either.
By the way, we the people don't like lying media's either.
Oh you mean a pathetic group of unhappy elitists?
Power brokers and journalists? You mean the swamp and it's enablers!
"It is a Big ole party and you and I aint in it"
@margarettalev needs to turn over the mic. This is horrible.
aka...
∗barf∗
#fraudnewscnn cries in corner.
Michelle Wolf behavior at the WDC was disgraceful. We promote anti-bulling in our schools and work place, since one is it okay to publicly hurt others because of one's insecurities.  Shame on you.
Why Trump not attending is question demanding answer.
No one will be attending next year. Who needs it. Verbal lynchings have become mainstream. Sad.
Michelle called it as she sees it.
Fake Dinner, Glade the President was not there.
... Two years ago.
Someone  said  it was a bust.
Wolf was awesome.
Fake Awards For Fake News By Fake Journalists! You guys are an embarrassment to Real Journalism! You gave each other made up Awards for madeup stories! No shame #FakeAwards4FakeNewsAllTimeLOW!
This is the picture of every movie about economic/social disparity the rich making jokes about things the rest of us really now as reality it ain't no joke
IF WE LOST AMERICA....ALL YOU WILL BE HOMELESS ....MEDITATE ABOUT YOU BEEN TOTAL HOMELESS.....B/C NO ONE WILL EMPLOY PEOPLE LIKE YOU ANY MORE....
The Swamp!!!!
Good thing @realDonaldTrump didn't attend this boondoggle.  It would be like going to restaurant to get food poisoning!

Look at that sea of "white privilege"!
Chris Christy taking up two chairs. What a disappointment he turned out to be.
What will the left do when Trump is proven right? God help you.
Trump 2020

Totally disgusting performance by Michelle Wolf.
They need to apologize to Sarah!
Funny that @CNN so far has not mentioned the vile performance by a hack comedian and her attack of @PressSec. I am so looking forward when your network fades away due to lack of viewers.
A dog and pony of the shameless.
Aka, the American neo-nazi party.
Wait until the Power will run the http://news.like  in dictators country.
Lot of peoples! More than Michigan?
Just a terrible event.  Run by left wing loons.  You all should be ashamed of you selves!  This used to be a fun event.  All it is now is a bunch of so called journalist that hate America.  Just like you at the Communist News Network
Any notion that there is hope for journalism in this country ended at the dinner last night. Disgusting.
No diversity in that room
That is the Democratic Party and the MSM! White Elites  This is who the black community votes for and allow to control what they think 
I see a room full of rich white people?
The left and fake media continue to prove that Trumps decisions and opinions are correct.  Kudos to Trump for not attending.

Stuff just keeps on getting older... Redated to 11,500 years old, the Shigir piece is about the same age as Gobekli Tepe. An interesting time all over the world -- the end of the Younger Dryas. https://phys.org/news/2018-04-wooden-shigir-idol-egyptian-pyramids.html …
The circus is in town.
Wolff may have gone too far~for comfort~ at the Correspondence Dinner. BUT, fact remains that, she was only speaking the truth about CONway and Sanders. Their lying is reprehensible, and needs to be called out.  It is intentional, and never-ending...just like Trump's.
Slime!!!!!
KelLIERanne con(trary)way and sandra huckabee couldn't express the fun they had, their SMILES  were SO OBVIOUS, to baf donald and ryan lost the fun...  
What I saw! None of you know how to laugh at yourselves, Oh Wait! Could it be like little t, the truth hurts.
Breaking News : Justice Department officially list CNN as a Hate Group.
@michelleisawolf did so well.
Next year , probably no one from the Trump Administration will show up for the dinner. What's the Point ?
Soon everyone will start wearing grunge to this event as well. U brought it on yourself.
It was horrid and now you know why we can’t stand you. Tonight justified it.
I just watched the whole thing while playing some @soulcalibur 2 and I had to put it down when @jaketapper got his award, then "it seemed to be going so well..." I honestly was ok with it but to censor/not censor is a perhaps "existential" question for the dinner imo
Meanwhile...the president laughs
I was watching Trump rally, pure facts & fun, grt day
Maybe there will be someone presidential amongst the guests?
The real important meeting was in Washington, Michigan, NOT D. C. with Pompous blowhards Fake News experts
right about one thing.........power brokers and their lap dog media
They had no idea what was coming soon.
I’m waiting for reactions. Is it ok for the current Potus to say what he wants at any time, but yet we attack a comedian who does the same. 3/4 of her routine was truths, some that the admin doesn’t want to hear, some that cross our comfort zones, but it was about #1 Amendment.
Minus 45. Sad! Hope they rip him to shreds.
There they are, the sleuths and bloodhounds who never found out about Weinstein or @JoyAnnReid.
When did @CNN get bought out by @FoxNews ??
It is just as uncomfortable for Americans with Trump in office.
Circus
Listening to the sniveling from Trump surrogates is exhausting.  When Trump personally attacks private citizens or make some disgusting remark, they are the 1st to say, 'Oh, he was just joking. Don't take him literally.'
Tabloid sensationalism
Losers everyone! Should call it the #FakeNews dinner!
Mary who?
You need to get a better comedian CNN. I love CNN but really.

If the presidential elections #Election2016 were held today, would you vote for Donald Trump or Hilary Clinton?  #polls
Dotard in attendance!?
Who cares
See Trump, THAT'S a crowd!
So a room full of lying, cheating, unethical people. They most love patting each other on the back.. Are they giving each other participation trophies?
Esta se parece a una fiesta de cumpleaños que fui anoche en condado y la gente no cabía no podia ni mover pense que llegarían los bomberos.
Giving awards to fake news people.

Looks a lot like the dinner scene from Titanic...
I'm just gonna leave that hanging there....

I am glad POTUS skipped it and instead is with the people that really matter. #MAGA.
#NerdProm

Trump has made it insignificant and boring! Should end it!
i cant imagine anyone would watch this
10:20 and funny stuff hasn’t started yet. Just a boring gabfest. Not sticking around. CNN should say that nothing starts until 11:00pm or whatever.
Did he just say the results of the reporting on the use of tasers was, “stunning”?

Gee, that's a lot of traitors.
Donald Trump is scared of a bunch of people who call themselves nerds, if he was real, he would crash the WHCD with @kanyewest

FOX not covering this at all, says everything about REAL journalism in America right now....
Coward-in-Chief skipping town again.
Without the orange Nazi
And the lying crazy Donny the bully is absent.  Why ?
Minus one snowflake  in chief
So far from Main Street, USA
Can’t wait!
Yawn ......
1st Amendment!!
The wailing buffoon was absent again for second year. I wonder why? #FakePresident #corrupt
#NobodyCares #CNNisFakeNews
Cheetos will not be served.
FISH don't know they are in water!
I want To prove you Mr donald trump that the jerusalem is the capital of Palestine from now on
When is the going to air?
What’s that’s?
its just amazing
I hope @BarackObama  is a surprise speaker! Or at least Luther his anger interpreter lol.
jesus
