
Go Trump
Why is Trump wearing his coat?  It's not even cold in DC .... what's up with that?
Hes looking at him like you mad man...
Hey Donald maybe you should give them back the this gift as it means nothing to you or your cohorts.
#JoinUs #RiseUP #Peacefulprotest #MayDay #oneLove #oneplanet #Enoughisenough #BeTheChange




Trump is disgusting!!
He rocks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Macron thinking: "How dumb can you be?"
@cnnbrk it was disgusting to see him on tv and have him say there saying good things about our relationship and it’s true. No fake news here. It’s appalling to watch him I have to turn the channel every time.
"I ONLY HAVE EYES FOR YOUUU!!!!!
can you cover this please:
$7 Trillion in the middle east and we go nothing? How much of that $7 Trillion went to US Military contractors and their suppliers and minions? US jobs? Wars are a stimulus package and politial patronage all rolled up.
C-Span : news without diarrhea
In one day bombing Syria, we spent 1 billion us dollars... But Flint, Michigan, can't get it's water fixed...smh...real news matters
PZXZT.6.5z.7on
g.
)+99*^57J+
you people saying how great of friends you are what a joke
You have no friends...that is the word on the street. Bye Hyler.
Your comment is riddled with grammatical errors. Work on that (take a refresher course if needed) and retry. Thanks in advance.
Attention ! if someone is discontent with the Trump government ... switch places with me for the love of God! leave the United States and come and live in beautiful sunny Brazil.

bunch of hypocrite mimimi!
THE FRENCH ARE NOTORIOUS FOR THEIR TWO FACED POLICIES: THEY KICKED OUT US NATO FORCES IN 1960S....SOLD DANGEROUS WEAPONS TO SUSPECT ARABS.... AND HAVENT SOLD THEIR CARS IN USA OVER 20 YEARS!
Nonverbal experts of body language must be having a whole conference about Macron's crooked horror smile while looking a Trump.
You libs are disgusting! The Pres is working very well in foreign affairs and all you can do is say STUPID stuff,,if ya don't know what I mean, read below. NON of it has substance. You can't stand how well Trump is doing. You can't even give him credit for N. Korea..SAD
Remember Scooter Libby Trump just pardons. Libby responsible & convicted 4 Valerie Plame a US covert operative being OUTED as payback my words for her Husband going to find WMD to justify Iraq had yellow cake & came back reporting no yellow cake. Also called him a fraud. Beware!
Macrons face looks like he’s thinking, trumps butthole does taste like Cheetos! Nunes was right
Too embarrassing to watch
Saying Iran has not cut nuclear programs in compliance w/ ageement & may have WMD is probably reminder of claim Sadam had WMD as basis to roll troops in Iraq 2003 was proved not true. Watch out! That lie caused ongoing war which still spreads beyond Iraq = ISIS, Libya, Syria...
Can The President Do A French Kiss ??

If the presidential elections #Election2016 were held today, would you vote for Donald Trump or Hilary Clinton?  #polls
Tired of hearing the pronunciation of Macron. NOT Ma-Crone. More like Mac-Ro(N). Say Ron. Keep ‘n’ silent. Mac-Rah
Why is Macron travelling  all over the world spouting rubbish he should be at home sorting out his own country I think he is a real brown nose.

Macron is running circles around Trump.
Making that up. Nobody believe this crap.
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
LALA
Trump knows absolutely nothing about history!
Which orifice did this fly out of?
The French President know he's dealing with a man-child. Wish I could be fly on the wall to hear some of the conversation he&his wife have on Trump 
Seeing some pics and clips.. I feel this was totally Trump showing off to Macron and showing Macron off to the press.  Proving he has 'a friend' and comrade in the world of politics.  Hand holding, brushing dust/dandruff.. whatever.. it is just weird and upsetting... and gross.
F**k that,there's porn to be watched.Watching people make love is better than a fat bloated mess spew BS to France.
...
No idea how much it'll cost Macron in France. It really doesn't smell good
The smell is coming from you yo. Check it out will you?

President Macron is trying to make sure the nonsense he is hearing is really coming out of Trump's mouth..
... the childish clown really deems himself to be in the position and to be able to split the EU!
Macron thinking  "u make me look SO good because next to u, i'm like a KING"
President Trump praises US - French alliance.
The look in his eyes says it all "Oh Gran'paw! I love you"
Trump discussed his poll ratings with French counterpart during the state dinner .
Why does Macron look like a 5yr old who found out the only cookies left are week old sugar cookies?  @EmmanuelMacron @realDonaldTrump
I beat Macron goes back to his country, then sits down with the FBI & CIA and tells them everything Trump said to him!
I don’t think a penny would be enough for his thoughts
Unlike you...he has thoughts.
I’ll pass watching this idiot on TV , going to watch QVC instead I guess
Now Macron knows how the average woman feels while she's listening to some guy on a first date. "Me, me, me - and here's another thing about me. So how about you ... ME TOO!"
Why?
Sorry, President Macron.  Just hold your nose and nod.  It'll be over soon.
He looks at Trump the way Ivanka looks at Trudeau
Jealous?
Get a room.
https://ankitkateshiya.blogspot.in/2018/03/is-indian-constitution-in-danger.html?m=1 …
