Thank you president Trump for making this happen!
Both leaders gave him props.
See what happens when the US doesn't get involved in other peoples shit!?
If you think we didn't have a hand in this you must believe the sky is pink and the grass is purple.
purple is my fave grass colour.
Something broke in the north.  Something serious.
Yeah...they got ICBM's.
TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP > i will say it for you CNN.
Trump wanted to blow up North Korea, just sayin'...
Cautiously optimistic.
Damn I hope this is genuine
I hope it is coz it will set a very very good example for the rest of the world in the future
To all those who served in the #KoreanWar , rest easy it is officially over. 4/27/2018
My dad was one of the first 500  that  landed in South Korea. He was in Japan almost ready to come home when the war broke out. He went to Korea twice.
Wow.  Thank you for sharing.
Yeah, they've decided to team up with Russia to destroy the United States.

Can't anyone see what's happening!!!?!?
 and just like that, the shitlibs became the conspiracy theorists. Well done
we are taking lessons from the repubs. Deep state, blah, blah, deep state, blah, blah, fake news.
I bet this tweet was painful for you to write, huh?
It has to be breaking their little hearts!
That Koreans picked up the ball Trump dropped and is running with it...so painful lol
Get off my timeline zero follower loser. #Instablock
Spoken like a true snowflake.
Snowflakes are Libs, sorry!
Except they don't ban...snowflake lol
Trump has been "de-fused"...all the vigour to blow up the "Little Rocket Man" has been deflated. These 2 brothers have played their cards right leaving USA in the cold, and Trump deflated, wondering which role now if not a leading one? He must now follow while the 2 lead.
Or potus played a major role in getting them together and helped make this possible.
Ah the last gesture we saw from the US was Pence sitting down not acknowledging North Korea delegation or their athletes at the Olympics. This is all North Korea and South Korea pushing towards peace and Kim doing a 180 on isolation, which is the most interesting part here
Pompeo ring a bell?
We was there for security reasons after Kim reached out for dialogue asking to meet. I don’t care what president is in office, if Kim doesn’t extend olive branch this never happens
Thinking of my dad today...who was a Korean Conflict era veteran
Hoping for the best. Bracing for the worst.
They should do a celebratory kpop dance together
Now I feel like I am a part of KPOP twitter, since they like my tweet
Please, please let the Koreans sort out their differences among themselves. They are one people and don't need any foreign interventions unless they ask for it themselves.
How’s that WW3 looking CNN? Hysteria it was supposed to be.
Why are y'all talking about Trump and ignoring the history that is going on right in front of your eyes!! These morning anchors let that guy rant on about negative stuff!
Because trump is 100% he reason this happened.
I’ll be a monkey’s uncle.   Excellent!   #TrustButVerify
People are giving credit to Trump and it's cracking me up. This was all from hard work from South Korean leaders. Pence had an opportunity at the Olympics but chose to be childish.
The South Korean foreign secretary just gave credit to Trump...
Can we get another MASH episode...for closure?
But...but...how can this BE?? I thought Trump was gonna get us all killed?
I feel CNN's disappointment.
Long live Trump ! The healer of 2 Nations! May he go down in history as the Peacemaker! 
sometimes all we need is just a good laugh

...thanks
The truth is hard I know! I think I laugh the loudest though! 
A massive step in the right direction.
I hope the dream will come true for Peace of Korea @BTS_twt @BigHitEnt
MAGA Than you for getting this done #45
You think Trump calling out NKs "depleted and food starved regime" on Twitter impressed Kim-Jong Un? Or maybe when he said his nuclear button was "bigger & more powerful"? Like do you really think Kim-Jong Un has any respect for that fucking buffoon at this point? Come on.
YEP FOR A CHANGE CNN reports correctly , a win for people if it holds
Thanks to our awesome President Trump!!!!
I think you can credit the Olympics playing a big role in the ending of North and South Korea hostilities!!!
The credit goes to one man...the leader of South Korea.
Come on CNN!! Y'all let this guy back on air? Are y'all that desperate? Stop being negative in an historic moment!!
I know CNN has contractual obligations to push the I Hate Trump agenda.
Wow, What fantastic news.   i know the hate Trumpers will say #Trump had nothing to do with this but forcing the issue is always a good leadership technique and he certainly forced the issue.  Regardless, all American's should celebrate this news.
Hey CNN why don't you give credit to POTUS his actions and sanctions were instrumental in this monumental accomplishment!
And Trump will try to take credit for it.
I think Kim knows this, and has taken into consideration how the majority of America feels about Donald Trump.  In a way I think this is Kim's ultimate 'FU America.' It will certainly help Trump in the 2020 election
This historic movement will be a great news for america .
How long before either a) Trump takes credit or b) calls it 'fake news"?
So you are saying Trump had nothing to do with this????
What do you think persuaded NK? Was it Trump taunting their leader on Twitter? Or when he publicly slated his "food starved regime"? Or do you think it was Trump's toddler like kicking and screaming on Twitter he's being doing since day 1 of his office? Lmao.
Just why do these men love to hold hands ~ here are the Koreans. But did y'all see #France's Macron & Trump went all "feely touchy"?! Trump just love to grab hands & sies. LOL! #LetsHoldHands #Korea
I think we all know Kim Jung Un has something up his sleeve, everyone should know this.
Thank Trump!
Can't shake the feeling something's up. You dont just change your 65 year policy and decide to be a good guy.
Good, so one of them finally crossed DMZ line. I thought it would never happen. All Dreams are realisable. For sure
Thank you @POTUS
Thank you President Trump and Secretary State Mike Pompeo!!!
This huge to achieve the end of the Korean War. Denuclearization would be gigantic!!!!!
Thank you POTUS Donald J Trump!
Hooray!
@SenateMajLdr When does our Congress end this war on our books and give Korean War Veterans and their families closure????? My father Served during this war. End it. @CNN
In magatown that's called #winning

This is the cheapest way for Kim to show "good will" without in reality committing in anything.
Let me make a prediction...trump the tyrant will take 100% credit for the big news out of Korea.  It's only my opinion but he deserves 0% credit because his name-calling and bullying N Korean leader does NOT help!!!!
Damn Trump look what he went and did . Take that libs
Sorry but our mentally disabled President played no part in this :D
He did unintentionally
Trump could cure cancer and libs would complain that he is shutting down chemo centers
Trump would confuse chemo with meth labs and bomb something unrelated next door
Great Day for Korea and Korean leaders. Peace at Last #Peace

Hopefully they don't double down against the US. Orange man wouldn't like that.
TRUMP! TRUMP! TRUMP! TRUMP!

Two countries can fund peace themselves without UN others countries should do the some UN peace deal is crap and don't work at all
Holy schitt!! Thank you God and @realDonaldTrump !! #Workingtowardsworldpeace #Historyinthemaking @POTUS @Stvzbnk @Shgamha @DonaldJTrumpJr @FLOTUS @IvankaTrump @KellyannePolls @PressSec @kayleighmcenany @PARISDENNARD
I never thought this would happen. I think most of us figured the conflict would end in war. Here’s hoping the peace holds for the sake of both north and south Koreans.
Thank you @realDonaldTrump and @MikePompeo_ Not only keeping America safe but also The World. It took 65 years until The Great Negotiator was elected. No wonder Japanese PM thanked our @POTUS #NKorea #MAGA #mikepompeo #KimJongUn
Trump will obviously claim credit for it.  Actually it is that the Korean leaders who are realists and know that the danger of that unstable child hitting a button and starting a war has to be taken care of sensibly. Being friends with each other and the rest of Asia is wise.
 #통일 
"Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate." 
John Fitzgerald Kennedy
North Korea & South Korea agree on complete denuclearisation of Korean Peninsula.
#InterKoreanSummit 
#WarIsOver #전쟁은끝났다 
@MOFAkr_eng @uriminzok
And @realDonaldTrump didn't have a damn thing to do with it,No Nobel Prize for you! 
Interesting that all other WH admins failed miserably with NK.
NK had a different leader....
Same family, same ideology.
Not really, this one was out of the country for a while...
So what, no other WH Admn was able to do anything with NK no matter who was the leader. Trump did something.

Thank You President Trump!!
Amazing. Didn’t see that coming.
Living in Guam, USA, my family is overwhelmed with joy to see the beginning of North Korea and South Korea peace process... ending of long war. This is historic. Kudos to our President Donald Trump’s courage, faith, bravery & diligence.
Now I can go tell this to my Global teacher 
The Reunification of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea with the Republic of Korea would be a backbreaking bang on the political ideologies "Capitalism and Communism", which the two countries were premeditatedly and under the guise of independence bifurcated for!
Thank you Trump!
Poor @CNN
Wow. How important. Nuclear weapons hopefully will be reduced
Hope will be truth
Long live the DPRK and one Korea..next step the u.s. military getting the fuck out of there
If this peace in the Korean peninsula holds then congratulations to all involved.
They probably realized nuclear war was a real possibility with a nut job like Trump as Pres
So...how much are we, paying Kim, to play nice with the rest of the world? This seemingly complete about face, is weird.
This is fantastic news! 
#TrumpTrain

This war split parts of my family. I’m glad to see it end in my lifetime.
Very good. Better than a nuclear war. Good job to everyone involved
How much did @dennisrodman have a role in influencing Kim?
This is wonderful news. However, I’m going to cautiously wait until after the US-N Korea meeting before I give any kudos to Trump. If he does right, it’d be hard pressed to deny him of a feat even if he doesn’t share my views...
Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow!
Definitely wouldn’t have happened if a Democrat was in the White House ... ouch @SenWarren @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @RepMaxineWaters
More progress in the last year than in the last twenty.  Almost looks like Trump played his hand pretty well here, but you'll never hear that on CNN.
Ohhh I bet cnn hates this .. this is Trump !!! Cry cry cry !! Listen to these journalist cry !!! Hahahaha!! #waytogoTrump
Please let this be true 
Trump Supporters:  "This is great news!"
Trump Supporters any other time: "FAKE NEWS!"
World can be a little bit better place to live
This is just the greatest thing.  Hope the people of North Korea can step out of the darkness
What a historic day for peace !
We shall see
Is this also means North Korean citizen got the freedom they deserve?????
I was watching this on live most likely, I       bet on right way this time .   I hope 
Big if true
Later in the year? I hope the US administration or the department of defense doesn't do anything to provoke Un to change his mind, only time will tell. I'm sure there's alot of red tape to go through before both sides feel comfortable.
Breaking News: @CNN and the #DirtyDems were #bigly wrong again.
I patrolled the DMZ! Please stop the negativity CNN!
Everyone's moving forward except the US it still has a big race issue sad.
This could be amazing if it actually happens.
Yup. All down to trump. An amazing political achievement.
Incredible but if really genuine great news.
Trump has everything to do with this historical event. CNN and MSM knocked Trump for tough talks bc I guess they are use to democratic POTUSs' just writing checks
With BIG BROTHER China in the background. When South Korea’s technology and business sector converge and unite with North Korea’s resources and willing work force. Imagine the economic might of this region.
Could it possibly have anything to do with NK's nuclear test site reportedly collapsing and now they are kinda screwed?
Trump could take credit for this. This is partially because of him, because of his craziness and how unsettled the rest of the world is by his unpredictability. Now, countries realize they can’t depend on the US anymore for diplomatic help so they are on their own.
China , North Korea , Russia are very delighted . US presence no longer needed in South Korea ? Trump's next move is ?
Poor @CNN @CNNPolitics just hate reporting anything that is positive during Trump term. To bad, more good bees to keep coming. U look like fools & can’t continue to lie & slam our gr8 @POTUS
It is the step of self difference... against USA
Has Dumpster laid claim to solving it yet? If it wasn't for me  ... I saved the Olympics  ... Obama tried but I succeeded ... Hillary would have eaten them but I won 
.. etc etc
@CNN: Trump presidency will cause economy/stock crash.
Nope.
Trump will cause WW3 with NK.
Nope.
Trump tax cuts will cause Armageddon.
Nope.
@CNN is 100% garbage fearmongering propaganda machine.
And are u going to give credit where credit is due??  @realDonaldTrump
Hmmmmm, all without Trump? He's gonna feel sum type of way
Lay off the CNN man  one of his top advisors spent time with Kim in NK last week.  Maybe all you saw was Stormy & Killary crying about losing watching #fakenews
I don’t trust the one on the left 
Please don't let the #west involve in the #Peace #NorthKorea #SouthKorea   #treaty
Wow I can finally visit North Korea 
Legit really nice  country
They will probably ask for sanctions lifted and UN relief which would hopefully help the poverty issue. In return for denuclearization.
@profleejones What do you think this would mean for the American people?
I just hope it turns out right..
I will believe when I see it. Kim Jong Un has promised so much and then not delivered. He cannot be trusted. Like Trump, he is compulsive liar. Two Psychopaths and now we see who is the crazier of the two.
I remember listening with my Dad on the radio about the Korean war. I was 6 years old. I'm still leary  of the rocket man.
I hope this time it's not a fake news.
Amen!

Hey CNN, this is not breaking but a binding news!
This is just incredible! Good for the world and this region.

I just hope the two Koreas can now visit each other and reunite families
Sorry Trump the President of South Korea ran on that platform of making peace with North Korea! China not Trump caused the North Koreans to negotiate with South Korea, NOT Trump! Kim Jong Un said the reason for no more testing is he's finish his testing missiles can reach USA!

South Korea’s Foreign Minister telling CNN that “clearly credit goes to President Trump” is priceless. 
Just my personal thoughts, but, together would not North and South Korea create a more powerful union and cement their standings as a power base...just an observation
To quote the best VP ever " this is a BFD ! "  For Moon to step over the DMZ line is like Armstrong stepping on the moon. Pun intended.
imagine
John Lennon 
This is what happens when you have a common enemy
한국인 손
It’s about time!
I’ll believe #KimJongUn’s sincerity when he puts his money where his mouth is: he’s promised disarmament before and reneged many times.
There is something very strange about all of this. 
So much for Trump starting WW3...Thanks President Trump! Anyone know of any Libs heads exploding yet?
So who’s goingto nominate trump for the Nobel peace prize haha
PRESIDENT MOON YOU ARE THE MAN!!!

Now just pray 45 does. It screw it up!
A very good sign The South Korean & Chinese presidents have both declared Peace in their regions.  The USA's warlike tendencies seem out of step in today's world
And you think this North Korean President will really follow through with the agreement? Dismantle his nuke? Then we are more stupid than him... he’s just taking the West for what it’s worth and more...
Who can see pass this? To unite as one now, means NC will keep its nukes cause attacking one will be attacking both countries and SC will automatically inherit nuclear powers. I hope the President can see through the smokescreen.
SC? That a reference to southern China?
Thank you Mr President! For keeping us safe .
Why now?

Great to see they go both into the south then north Korea for the world sake peace would be good for all
Let's now see if America and Russia can get their heads out of their own ass and get along
It's now the time for Sudan and South Sudan, and everywhere else to reunify and band together against the real tyrannical usurper!
This is a wonderful thing.
Thank you Trump!! He should get the Nobel Peace Prize!!
It's perfect. Rocket man is setting them up for a full scale assault. Catch 'em off guard.
Great news!!!!
Trump deserve credit funny all idiocy reporters was going on how trouble trump was on North Korea
Dotard had NOTHING to do with this. 
When is the last time that you were insulted that you were inspired to listen to your tormentor? 

Yeah, that’s what I thought.

Good work
We could do with peace for both nations . I wonder what would happen in the coming years if peace go according to plan. I could removal of US troops and the military  contractors would loose billions.
Making peace is always the better way to go
I think this may be an prank

#MAGA Thank You president #TRUMP
Hey CNN you forgot where they credited President Trump for making this occur.
I feel confused... I know I should feel happy, but at the same time I'm scared.
Why be scared of peace?
China wins !
no thanks to tRump!
Hope this is the beginning of stability in this part of the world.
GREAT JOB POTUS!
Is the conflict over if the USA is not party to the ceremony?
no
Finally- thanks @POTUS 
Historic punch to those who want brothers to fight against each other those aliens should learn the lesson of humanity 

#USA
maybe their banning together to takes the US on
Are they skipping hand in hand?
Get the feeling this is a hoax.
Thank you Mr president.
Technically it can only end if the US ratifies a peace treaty too, and I doubt it would have enough support to get 2/3 if the Senate to ratify it like the Constitution requires
This is fantastic news, glad it's progressed past who has the biggest button.
Yup, their agreement had nothing to do with trump's influence. Therefore trump and his ignorant supporters shouldn't try to take credit for it!
Let's hope this works. If it does it will be  a great day for Korea and the rest of the world.
Wowwww you  actually have good news today
Attention, faut pas de faux pas !
Being alone and disliked eventually becomes quite lonely @POTUS
IT REALLY WAS ASHAMED WHAT UN AND US GOVT DID TO KOREA AT END OF WAR IN 1950S; THE PROBLEMS NOT SOLVED.. AMAZING ONLY NOW AFTER 65 YEARS WAR OFFICIALLY ENDED; FAMILIES ALSO DIVIDED...
Great job President Trump!
#MAGA
The motivational power of a collapsed nuclear test mountain cannot be understated.
That in combo with...

Thank goodness, hopefully a change of heart for the Greater Good 
Getting ready for some Game of Thrones shit here
Praise God!.
meanwhile the children there starve
Looks like we made it!!! 
Thank you president Trump.
And no doubt somebody will say this is from Obama’s term. Get real people all the presidents for past two decades could not accomplish this Trump has. Give credits and kudos when earned.
Glad to see this
Thanks to PT 
Thanks to @realDonaldTrump
I pray that this all works out. Peace and love are the only answer for our world to grow. To be prosperous economically and intellectually. The  is full of beautiful culture and good. Let the good prevail!  Peace and Love!  
All the credit goes to the Koreans, North & South. Let’s not derail it, by trying to impose on them foreign ideas and giving credits to non-Koreans.
just that image is historical and stunning
Thank God we have the best President that this country has EVER had. Thank you @realDonaldTrump. We all love what you’re doing. 
#ThankYouTrump
Hopeful and optimistic
Finally, the North Korean president has become a man of peace !!!
CNN played themselves lol u should thank Mr Trump for this
