These teachers have to deal with my two sons on a daily basis. They deserve every penny they get!
Every penny of other people's money*
My money in this case as I am an Arizona tax payer.
Well no. You're not covering the entire cost of tuition for your kids. Single men and women whom have not had kids are subsidizing that. Take your kids to private school and pay for their education yourself.
How far do you want to take that? Sweep your own streets? Have your own police force? Put up street lights? I’m very happy to pay taxes fo services I value. And critical services like education should be available to all - irrespective of ability to pay.
As for your ‘I don’t have kids why should I pay’ argument- educating our population is an investment in the future if our society and benefits all irrespective of if you have kids yourself. It’s also something that should not be linked to ability to pay.
Start a gofundme.
I’m fortunate that I don’t need funding. Many are not. Their kids deserve the same chance and education as mine.
I think America as a whole should strike until they pay a living wage across the board.
Unfortunately I feel like we are too divided as a country to do that but maybe one day
I homeschool, because my niece has a learning disability. We should have the utmost respect for our teachers!
It's a broken system where athlete's & politicians make more money than educators who teach our children. Why?
Because there’s more teachers then pro athletes
Hopefully they get docked a day’s wages for skipping out on the kiddos today
I don't think you understand what a salary is
Thank you for your admission of being wrong..

Salaries are docked all the time. Perhaps it is time for you to learn what 'docked' means.

Vote Democrat if you support higher hourly salaries for teachers rather than just a small $10 increase per paycheck thanks to the new GOP tax law.
My taxes keep going up and up now they want to give all students free hot lunches. Nothing is free the tax payers have to pay for it.
If you're complaining about children getting fed you need to not have an America first avi
My kids eat just fine I'm tired of paying for welfare kids. If you can't take care of yourself you should not be having kids
Ahhhh I see it's only America first but not for the people that need help... Okay got it. You're not a true American unless you're willing to help out your fellow man. You're a disgrace
Yep I don't care one way or the other just don't ask me to pay for it. I raised my kids .helped them with college . I'm done .people  with kids can raise there own canteen afford them don't have them
Won't happen people like me is what put trump in office. Were done paying for free loaders
Democrats want Online Social Media censored like in China-but what about cable media, like CNN which is far worse- target, fine & treat Cable news same a social media-treat all media the same @cnnbrk @realDonaldTrump @TheDemocrats @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @FoxNews @seanhannity
My friend was among them. She is wonderful, her kids love her, and she has a passion for teaching. She also has bills to pay and needs to eat like the rest of us! Support our teachers!
Go Arizona TEACHERS
GO FOR IT !!!
@allieee_c
Contrary to current republican orthodoxy "In The Union We Have Strength."  They won't get concessions like the top 1% or 5% but they may get something.
Good, get that money 
If they are not teaching then they should lose that days worth of pay and if it lasts more than a week they should be terminated. Teachers and other countries teach in the worst conditions these teachers have nothing to complain about.
What??????
@EmmyRae03 
#teacherstrike #teachersprotest #copolitics #edcolo #teachersofinstagram #teachersintrouble I don't feel sorry for any of these Teachers, because these Teachers didn't vote for a President that upholds Education! They Voted for 1 that doesn't uphold Education! So, VOTE Democrat!!
TEACHERS?  GRADUATION RATES LOWER NOW THAN EVER AND RECORD SPENDING; PUBLIC SCHOOL MONOPOLY FAILS NO MATTER HOW MUCH TEACHERS ARE PAID!  THEY ONLY WORK 9 MONTHS A YEAR....
I’ll agree on higher pay for teachers When the government fixes the American education system
Just raise taxes. Problem solved.
Need to fire every teacher nationwide. Liberal Academia has made youth into sniveling idiots. Rehire teachers that Teach instead of march. Teach instead of supporting student walk outs and Teach without the liberal bias. Kids today are ill equipt to enter the real world!
Great first the other teachers who protested twice and now these chumps are out there. It should go a little like this - a ratatat tat skirrrt ratatat tat TAT TAT TAT
Charter schools are the answer to this
Why are you using their term "Walkout" instead of the correct journalist term, "Strike"?
Overpaid babysitters
Not safer schools though....sad.
I know I was gonna go visit my students but now I can’t :(
It is unbelievable that AZ teachers earn $15.00 per hour!!! Coffee waitresses earn that much in Alberta Canada!!!!
Not even!
They're walking out on the job they choose...to educate of children.  This is what we do now?  Want more NOW.  Teachers, NFL players, etc.  Learn to negotiate on your time.
THIS SUCKS
FIRE EM ALL
Well, it’s the same in Mexico and I would say worse. The wage average is 290 $ per month. And I’m talking about Mexico City which is the most developed in the country. Imagine the rest. Cc @SEP_mx @gobmx
Public school should be abolished and these pigs should get a real job.
You're saying educating your countries future isn't a real job? Did you know historically, teachers were the most valued and respected people in growing cultures.  But nevermind that you were probably home schooled.
Educating children is important, which is why public schools should be abolished.

Historically, people thought the earth was flat.

I attended public school which is why my hatred for teachers and government is beyond measure.
Understandable, but a bit hypocritical for you to think educating children is important, while wanting public schools to be abolished. How are the kids who's families can't afford private education supposed to learn?
Start a gofundme or other *VOLUNTARY* crowd sourcing charity.

We can't use "think of the children" as an excuse to extort people and then use those same funds to bomb children in the middle east. Use your head.
They should’ve all voted the GOP out yesterday.

Hello schools are violent volcanic evil playgrounds ! Don't blame the teachers! I would not trust working there very dangerous place! Become a battleground for liberal sacrifice  Politics more important than  Children & Teachers! Ask ?'s
Sure, give them higher pay and take away retirement benefits.
Don't forget truth is the New Hate Speech reporters
What good does more money do for people producing stupid kids I mean seriously hours if scbool.with no real education and they think they deserve more for what dumbing kids down
This is government run education. Wanna imagine what government run healthcare(the real kind with gov owned hospitals and no insurance companies) imagine nurses and doctors underpaid and striking. Trying to find a fake middle ground like OC is worse too.

Soooo the kids just get the day off?
U can get ur raise when kids learn their language, math and science. They need to know they can stand on their own two feet when we are gone...
Maybe make great discoveries and inventions in our lifetime! Something we can ALL be proud of.
Excellent. Great !!!!
wow that's crazy
 #yaAli
