what adult man, a doctor, still calls himself "Ronny"?
What adult man, has a Bitmoji
Trump needs to keep someone around who will change the numbers on his weight from 293 to 239.
And be his personal Candyman! 
Probably not the doctor he needs, but certainly the doctor he deserves...
That’s great for Kelleyanne!! Bc she needs her Meds!!!
that's right - nothing like applying for a promotion and scrutiny pertaining to,  only to have the carpet pulled right from under your Current job #shouldveStayedPutCandyMan  https://itunes.apple.com/au/album/candyman-single/219986908 … + make NO mistake:  Christina A does Candyman Best
Makes sense because tRump needs Ambien. Lots of Ambien.
Riddle me this: Since Ronny passing out drugs like a drug dealer, does Dotard have to “execute him”?
Now the medical board has to examine his conduct from all the public claims. He may have stepped in it!!
Now we get to stare into the glazed eyes of our WH officials and notice they are on uppers..... YAY
Gimme the good stuff, doc.
Cool...we can go back and forth for now. But in the end he will not make it past a confirmation hearing, and he’ll end up at the Betty Ford Center...far, far away.
Ahhhhhhahahahaha. SO. MUCH. WINNING!
Next on Trump's list - Dr. Oz.
Democrats want Online Social Media censored like in China-but what about cable media, like CNN which is far worse- target, fine & treat Cable news same a social media-treat all media the same @cnnbrk @realDonaldTrump @TheDemocrats @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @FoxNews @seanhannity
Democrats destroy chance for veterans to have The Presidents' doctor ME TOO! @TheLeadCNN @CNNPolitics @FoxNews @TheDemocrats @HouseDemocrats @realDonaldTrump
Has it come to mind that Mr Trump chose Dr Jackson to head the VA because the Dr showed his commitment by lying about Trumps Physical?
Lock the liquor cabinet.
How a 71 yr old man gets by on 4-5 hours of sleep question .........
His license should be revoked for handing out pills to fellow travelers.
Well Mr P still needs someone around to say he's the picture of health.
Candy Man stays! But he was terrible under the Obama Administration #Covfefe
He was low energy anyway.
Too late...he's already been gutted
Pitiful #RonnyJackson
Those pills aint gonna dispense themselves yo
White house needs a physician, strange
Ronny Jackson employed by the WH, maybe he can prescribe diet pills for Trump who only weighs 230 lbs., and is 6'5"? Give us a break, just looking at Trump anyone believing that must be a Moron. His health is in question if the Dr has to lie, familiar John F Kennedy's Dr. lied.
Excuse my error, Trump is 6'3" not the 6'5" I typed in error. This is just a correction on Trump's height. Thank you
Obama’s taller than trump!
I made a correction Trump is 6'3" and President Obama is 6'1". Trump is taller by 2". You can check it on Google.
Sorry I saw the picture of them standing next to each other. Obama’s taller.
Watch President Obama, his posture is impeccable standing and sitting. Watch Trump he slouches standing and sitting, he's more interested in hanging onto someones hand or bending over while sitting as his tie mops the floor. Sorry measured Trump's 6'3" and President Obama is 6'1"
Who says Dr Candyman. Move on Mellody!!
Worktohard, What are you writing about Candyman? AND Move on?
You do know this is the same physician that worked under Pres Obama?!?!
Dr. Ronny Jackson was appointed to the role of physician to the president on July 25, 2013 by Barack Obama. And funny  thing nobody had one problem with this but now the Democrats are trashing people’s reputations because they cannot handle they lost the 2016 election!
@POTUS 
Ritual torturing and branding women and children is a fraction of what #pedovore cultists do. Every evil pedovore will be delivered to justice. 
No matter who, no matter where. 
Every. Single. One.
@CraigRSawyer @caramastrey @AmGirlPatriot @PKekbar
#pedovores are inconceivably evil. They infest Washington DC. They infest Hollywood. Every single one will be delivered to justice. #NoDeals
Anyone up for any Trump nominations can be sure the FAKE NEWS LYING MEDIA will destroy them! It never has to be the TRUTH. The FAKE NEWS MEDIA does not care about the truth...just cares about DESTROYING President Trump & anyone who supports him.
@realDonaldTrump ICYMI..
Everyone that is corrupt, is welcome to the WH.
What was the pres thinking trying to make this man part of his cabinet!!!!!!
You crashes  a Government  POV, drunk on duty, you didn't  get court Marshal, genius.
Better luck next time Doc.
Sad Day for the American people.
No, THIS was a sad day...
Sure trump gotta get his drugs from somebody. Now ronnie candyman can occupy the office next door to trump. Look out for super high trump.

Working anywhere near Trump is a career limiting move.
Why did it take until now for all these claims?  What happened in the White House before stayed in the White House.  A lot more illegal drugs were there when Barrack thru his parties, with no cameras allowed.  Not allowed to catch his daughters either.  Good Dad, huh?
I’m so tired of winning.  Is it 2020 yet?????
Things ain’t looking good for old ConManDon, his doctor is a drunk, his lawyer is pleading the 5th...what kind of Circus is this Clown running? smh
Not for long... Early retirement with a possible demotion coming his way...
Candyman?
DEPLORABLE!
45 is having another crap day. Probably not as crappy as our lives are now under his regime. #resist #BlueWave2018
Of course he'll stay....Trump says hes a good man and we know Trump is the best at finding people of good character....the best and brightest....to work for him.
How on earth can he continue to stay in his current position given these allegations?
He looks thrilled. 
Well of course he will ,Fat  Donnie needs him to assure the blind and unbelievers that he is the epitome of not quite obese!
He can be placed on 24 hour suicide watch.
I guess they need a #CandyMan at #Whitehorse
In Trump's dictionary 'honorable' means 'rogue'/A person who can never be trusted in wake of Trump's fake confidence/Trump's lies and hypocrisy are in vogue/Stretching as far as North Korea inside Kim Un Jong's residence
http://www.amazon.com/Sharia-Exposed-Farzana-Moon/dp/0996663452/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1458732620&sr=1-1&keywords=Sharia+exposed …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
Got any pills?
Uh.. Why?
Really how come?
For now...
Poor guy. Stained by trump. Next!
Investigate the accusations!  23 people should be heard!!
Good choice because Obama loved this doctor!
Under 44 - a man he served for 8 years - Jackson was A-OK
Even though the Accusations are out there, they don't care if its true or not? Will there be an investigation? How long has the behavior been going on? just during the Trumps Year or so? Should there be charges Brough if he's dispensing drugs without Scripts?
The WH Agrees to pay for Jackson’s booze!
Why shouldn’t he?!? He was good enough for @BarackObama and @MichelleObama for 8yrs. 

Is #cnn chasing THEM down for an interview or statement on #RonnyJackson?!?

#cnnbias #mediabias #cnnembarrassment
Trump learning basic facts of U.S. history and declaring them to be generally unknown will never get old. https://twitter.com/abbydphillip/status/989493302960492545 …
For Now. give it a week
Ron the Con should remain in WH to perpetuate the medical lies about Trump, 239 pounds my eye, and push those chill pills to the little guy when he goes off the rails.
Only the best people won't work for this MORON.
Another bullied conservative nominee.. Should have Never withdrew - we have to fight back against the Liberal media’s tyranny.
@realDonaldTrump has to get his “pep” pills from somewhere.
His license to prescribe narcotics should be suspended immediately!
Shame on you CNN, your so fake and we see right through you!!!
He can leave as far a Trump is concerned, he just can’t leave with that scale he used to weigh the orange lard ass! #239poundsmyass

Great so he can refill trumps hair meds and give trump the “candy” 
How can he continue to hold a license to practice medicine? Where is the DEA?
Lol. Almost sounds like a fake doctor's name.
I don't blame him, the democrats could care less about their country only destroying everything and everyone remotely connected to the president.
Democrates in Congress CNN, MSNBC,Sen Testor.Time to put up or shut up!Call for the Court Marshall of Admiral Jackson so all his "Accusers" can be "Surfaced" to determine their"Truthfulness"and clear Admiral Jackson of any wrong doing!They don't have the "BALLS" because they LIE!
That's smart, so when they do court marshall him and he is guilty, he will hang.

Perfect idea!

I think @realDonaldTrump  's whole administration should hang.
Just say NO to communist libtard bullies
Trump needs his oxy!
GOOD! We need an honest DR. In Charge of the VA.
Got 1st hand Proof,if not, STFU!
You're one of those people who will stand behind a criminal because you can't bear to admit you're wrong. If you can't recognize truth as it stares you in the face,  then you should STFU, traitor.
The @USNavy should reprimand him. He's a damn disgrace.
He probably not going to be a doctor much longer.
I think he was drunk when he gave Trump a physical. One would have to be. Right?
He should be investigated and have his license pulled. But since he lied for Trump about his health and cant have the job at VA, Trump owes him something. What a scam Trumps running.
You do realize these allegations happens under Obama.. So they swept it under the rug just like all the other crooked shit.
Here is the next White House Dr.
Trump needs to pick a healthcare executive for that job and raise the pay to $2.5 million per year.  The VA has 360,000 employees and needs a culture change.
Accusing the Iraqi government of "collective punishment" is absurd for several reasons, mainly:
•Allowing Da'ish families to go home will instigate violence between them and the victims of Da'ish,
•Many of them harbour pro-Da'ish tendencies and will pose a security threat. #HD
 #yaAli
