Thank you President Trump 

Why you laughing? You know it's true.

It's all good you can deny it. It just makes you look childish for mot being able to admit reality.
Whatever dude. I can careless what you think about me. I don't owe you an damn explanation.
Nope and it wouldn't matter anyway on the scale of things you are just another number on Twitter
Exactly so why ask for an explanation? Don't be silly. Lol. Have a good one.
Nice to see but Trump is a know nothing and has absolutely nothing to do with this. Credit for this goes solely to South Korea and North Korea. Hopefully something good will come from all of this.
South Korea literally gave Trump credit for this.
Pakistan TodayTrump called him Rocket man.
There are many other articles from other scholarly websites as well if you do a simple google search.
Found it!
“Reportedly” it’s not official at all. Moon giving trump credit is OFFICIAL.
Right bc attention baby BEGGED FOR CREDIT
NK & SK talking, China & Japan working on economic policy.....next up, band together and squeeze out US. So much winning.......
These were my thoughts exactly.
Hope I'm wrong but so far I've called it. Smoke & mirrors.......
I agree LoL...said the same thing...but.. We will see
Haha very funny ladies, maybe we could take this back to my dms?

Na my boy is winning with that comment
Oops. 
Thank you Trump!
Hillary losers cant accept another WIN for POTUS !
Trump literally has nothing to do with this. It's all due to the talks between Moon and Kim
Moon had stated the only reason KIM is talking is because trump forced him too. Please stay current with actual facts 
And Trump has barely had any hand in what's going on since he put the sanctions on North Korea. Please stay current with actual facts 
Really?
I literally said BARELY. you need to learn to read dude. Most of the stuff that's been going on has been between North Korea and South Korea. Pompeo had a small part
Not
That moment when Kim asked President Moon to step on NK side and the again shook hands , totally priceless 
I agree! It was amazing to see and I hope progress is made.
Thank you President Trump!! Get his Nobel peace prize ready. #KAG! 
Peace!? Look at The divided states of America.. thanks to trump..
This country is only divided because people like you won’t except the results of the election. #7MoreYears
Because people like you choose a racist to be our President.
He so racist.. Right  That’s why black unemployment is the lowest it’s ever been in history.
Lol.. black unemployment “ being up” has nothing to do with our racist president. Just stop!
You’re wasting my time Duke.. it’s not for me to judge another man’s heart.. i’ll let God do that on judgment day.
You are wasting your own time. Your president is a racist! Go ahead block me.  Peace 
Historic
Trumptastic 
@realDonaldTrump - we’ll never get sick of winning.  Keep kicking butt.  #MAGA - this is all bc of you.
Moon Jae-in promised this meeting to South Korean voters years ago.
Never happened under Bush or Hussein O Just sayin’
The only countries that this has anything to do with is North and South Korea.
You’re a fool if you believe that
Talks started before the Olympics and because of Trump twitter baiting esalating nuclear war threats to all of Korea's way of life.  South K.  saw behind the b.s. and knew they had to make peace and align with NK before things escalated.  This is thanks to SK, but DT & base...
...will.once again try to take credit where nine is due.  Trump base were rooting for  a nuke attack.  Y'all are some damn fools.  Would have been your kids going to war while draft dodger tweeted escalations.
Again, you’re a fool.  Too bad for u
This is historic, without the US or another foreign presence there !!  The two Koreas together alone !!
Without the US? Haha this was all Trump.
No, it was not all trump it was the UN imposing sanctions(that the United States suggested)but let's be honest, Trump didn't hurt the situation.
Trump made it possible
That he did and that tears these people up so much.
Yeah....... It makes people cry like little bitches.
Good work @POTUS
Exactly. This didn't happen by accident. Like him or not, Trump's strategy was a huge part in this moment.
Amazing!! I applaud both sides. Keep positive and hopefully it will come to a peaceful agreement between South and North Korea! .
No one cares. @NFL draft is on
Well, technically, you did since you took the time to respond to this instead of staying on ESPN. 
This is HISTORIC...fall of  Berlin Wall Historic
Nothing like it. Nothing like it at all.
You're historically illiterate.
Don't you DARE call me historically illiterate. I was there. I know the significance.
You're historically illiterate
Thank you @BarackObama!  #NorthKorea
Now you’re just delusional
Thank you Trump for MAGA keep pressure on all countries that want to harm us keep us safe
Kim Jong Un, Moon Jae In, and executives from both North and South Korea. #DPRK
Simply astonishing. And we all thought Trump was going to cause WWIII. Well, some of you did. Looking at you, @cnn.
Lowkey this was pretty dope to watch. Not as epic as the Berlin Wall coming down, but historic in its own right.
Hopefully something positive comes from this
Goose bumps.
This is all because of our amazing president!!! Thank you sir! #MAGA
CNN will never admit he had an impact on this happening
Sad but true. Commie news network will never give trump any credit.
Yea if this was during Obama’s presidency the media would say he deserves a second nobel peace prize
Barack the traitor got the Noble peace prize for nothing too.
He was elected that’s it
EVERY CNN anchor right now

It's like election night all over again.
This poor guy ....
Hmm! Peace is sweet.

Take a lookey  @chelseahandler @johnlegend @JohnBrennan @RepAdamSchiff @tedlieu This is all because of YOUR President @realDonaldTrump  #MAGA
Moon Jae In is our president? WILD.
Winning
Yeah the South Korean President has been doing a great job
Thank u president trump
Miss Un snapped...
Miss Jae-In is lending that good Judy listening ear. Stay chooned
North Korea to me n u after reading these tweets
Lmao!! For realll 
I am listening to the reporters...why do reporters think they are psychics and speak like what they assume is fact? Always trying to create a narrative. Sometimes just report is fine. 
When there is talk, there is hope.
Trump is amazing!! #maga #KeepAmericaGreat2020
Breaking news. He was at Santa Monica Pier!
And the DNC are scrambling to find out how to thank @BarackObama
Thanks to president @BarackObama
No.
Donny dump has absolutely nothing to do with this
lol
Lol
Art of the deal. Beautiful
Am I the only one who cried when Mr. Kim ask Mr. Moon to step in to the North Korean side too?
Give everyone the respect they deserve and there is peace.
Great job @POTUS !
The world needs more of this 
After the olympics  he saw the rest of the world had electricity and food.
Thanks president Trump
On every news channel except Fox. @seanhannity bleating on and on and on about texts. I guess this is in the 'too hard' basket.
What do you say we toss a lil KPOP on the turntable and dance to that funky beat?
Never thought to see ths
That is the brightest, most beautiful carpet I've ever seen. #MadeInChina
Well hopefully this'll turn out good.
Thank you @realDonaldTrump. The catalyst to reunification.
He's finally defecting.



Really happy today . This is what the world  need LOVE 
Can I believe that President Trump has accomplished what no other president could come close to doing. This is incredible, MAGA
Thanks President Trump. Im sure cnn cannot acknowledge his role in this but those of us with a brain know how this is working. May not amount to desired result but it’s definitely a step.
The sight of PEACE is so Breathtaking. I'm beginning to love Kim Jong Un....
Hold on man. He's behind many atrocities in N Korea. Let's just be happy for the Korean people, North and South.
Kim has been on a diplomacy tour with China, S Korea, Japan 2 set himself up 4 independent success. If/when he gets all of these counties on the same page he has effectively put Trump and the US as the outsider. Trump will be forced to fit Kims ideals instead of the US leading it
I cried!
Los q nos gusta y seguimos la historia sabemos q hoy es un día bien importante teniendo cuenta lo q las Koreas han pasado.
Hopefully this isn’t just some facade. Hopefully this actually leads to peace
Meanwhile, #PhonyDonny is under investigation for all sorts potential crimes.
Oh come on CNN can y'all act a little bit more excited?????
This is UNPRECEDENTED HISTORY y'all sound so disappointed

This is the only work of Moon Jae-in. Not Trump.
Trump!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I am very happy this moment in history has finally happen. May the healing begin.
Fire and fury wins the day
Thanks to @realDonaldTrump 
Thank you President Trump
2018/04/26 

An important moment in #history!
 for #peace
  

#prayers
Lol the americans think this is because of trump. Get over yourself the world does not revolve around america lmao.
Yes CNN hail the communist who slaughtered, starved and tortured his people. Oh wait you already hailed his sister at the Olympics... #communistnewsnetwork
#cnnisfakenews
No Donald Trump you definitely don't get credit for this!!!!
During the Trump administration, how's that feel Leftist msm ?
MAGA?
So happy to witness this....proud of the both Presidents 
This is momentous. Now the USA needs to stay out of it and let the North and South hash it out
Tears in my eyes as I see this.....absolutely wonderful.  There is hope for us yet!  
Thank you PRESIDENT TRUMP!!! @realDonaldTrump   This would not be possible without you!  (....and here come the haters in 3....2....1)
This hope is 100% because of @realDonaldTrump - thank you Mr. President
Encouraging ! Global ecenomic will advance. By  15 % ; united korea can become superstar
Competition w japan $ china , no less, it might get mullahs of  iran to afollow their denuclearization as well ; we shoukd take our hat off for trump forcing. Both korea peace up
Wonderful !
Thanks to Trump’s pressure on the situation and leverage with China/Xi.

This wouldn’t have happened otherwise.

Keep denying it, losers.
MAGA!
Now I wouldn't mind if the dems also blame this on Trump.
Excellent work Mr. President!
He’s not even there, this is something the South Korean President has been working on for awhile.
If Trump wasn’t in office there’d be no meeting.
You don’t know that
The sanctions and naval ships, plus Trump working with SK... its a pretty safe bet. Way more likely than anything you’re pushing.
kpop na din ang nokor hahaha
Political showmanship is never helpful for fixing the problem although it seems good. Progressives in South Korea have repeated the same mistakes by indluging themselves in passionate emotion rather than unclouded reason. Important is not the promise, but the will to act!!!

Joe Biden said it best about this investigation “if it’s true it’s treason”. What’s the Punishment for treason 
Thanks @realDonaldTrump 
MAGA!!
This is Great! Praying for lasting Peace in the Korean Peninsula and whole world
"What the world needs now, is love sweet love..." 
@POTUS  @realDonaldTrump  can't stop winning!  Yeah Mike Pompeo  you  know TRUMP$ new SOS  put lil Kim jong un. On notice!!! And in Check!!!  FAKE NEWS  has you resistards at new and lower levels of Dumb!#MAGA #winning #Trump #ReleaseTheMessages
THANK YOU President Trump! #InterKoreanSummit
And it is all because of President Trump ! You will never admit it but that is the truth !
I think Trump deserves an accolades...
@nikky_nicol
Fools. He kills his own family members to maintain power. And you think he is handing you an Olive Branch? He wants a unified Korea no doubt, but under his control.
You know it pains CNN to report this lol
well done Donald trump. I thought Trump becoming the president is the worst thing to happen in human history but he has proved he is no war monger like Obama. If that war monger got a noble prize, trump deserves better.
great example to the world now Stand Up and follow the peace  a path to a better more relaxed happy loving world no more wars or selfish acts become 1 and unite if Korea can so can you #StandUp
hopefully it will make progress on achieving peace and prosperity between the two 
Omg demarcation line... As if it's a regular property dispute.
Donald Trump has achieved what no one could since 1955. Peace through strength. Thank God he has courage & stamina to take on the swamp
I don't care which side of the political spectrum you're on.. this is pretty impressive and a good thing.  Anything that works towards a more peaceful world should be celebrated not sparred over for political gain.

@GovernorTomWolf @cspan @UN @AlJazeera @latimes @nytimes @thetimes @reddit @njdotcom @PennLive @NancyPelosi @WhipHoyer @keithellison @CoryBooker @norwind @TIME @AOL @CMT @MTV @WSJ @NAACP @dccc @YahooNews @instagram @Snapchat @tumblr @cnni …
Trump . Good Job 
Lol. @dennisrodman was right. He IS a good guy!
Kim been eating good
A small step for man, a great leap for mankind
I love shit like this, but still hate Trump. #HistoryBuff
And Ovomit won the Noble Peace Prize for doing absolutely nothing. Unbelievable.
Thank you President Trump!!
Revelation 20:12 "And I saw the dead, small, and great standing before God, and the books were opened. And another book was opened, which is the Book of Life. All men will stand before the Lord of Glory, Jesus. Repent or you will all likewise perish!
This is truly a historical moment  and all Fake News does is trash our President day after day. We the people elected the President and because Fake News and their buddies lost, they won't stop. We have spoken STOP THE HATE.
We the,people did not elect Trump. Hillary got 3 milllon more votes He got in through a.240 yr old quirk in the Constitution that shud have been removed decades ago. He is NOT the people's choice!
But if Hillary would've won the same way it's OK. The people spoke, don't be a cry baby, get over it. Be humble
#MAGAForAll it took an alpha male to make this happen and not the effeminate Kenyan from the last 8 years

Korea makes global history, but let’s all hold the fuck on and shame Kanye
Great progress for their country. It’s great to see this type of peaceful demonstration.
Okay, but was #BillCosby there, too?!? #POTUS @realDonaldTrump
And trump had everything to do with that even after CNN repeatedly accused trump of trying to start ww3 egg on face much but what else should we expect from cnn
Wow! :)
And it was under Trump's watch that this is happening

They look so relaxed, talking, smiling. #Interkorean
RT @CNN JUST IN: Kim Jong Un becomes first North Korean leader to cross line dividing the two Koreas since fighting ended in the Korean War https://cnn.it/2vRuDRl 
Keep trump away from the Korea s.. that is the smart thing to do.

@Meatatarian 
Boy fake news CNN I wonder who got that done on ya the man you hate and want to destroy @realDonaldTrump realthats who
Your diplomatic strength broke the walls of the Korean Peninsula.
#NorthKorea #KoreaSummit #koreansummit #diplomacy #TrumpRussia #Asia
I expect the Nobel Peace Prize on his desk by 8am tomorrow morning... Thank you #MAGA....
The delusion of those who will not credit POTUS for having a hand in this happening is astounding.
Y’all sick of winning yet? @realDonaldTrump no
歴史的であり、感動しました！
@JDiviv @LisaMei62 @tracybeanz @LouDobbs @seanhannity
China will not like this.
@jassy2468



Absolutely amazing what President Trump has made happen .... HISTORIC!!!
Looks like a Tarentino movie gone awry..
MAGA
Thank your president for that one. #FakeNews @CNN will tell you it was the Olympics. They're wrong. The credit for this goes 100% to our @POTUS and he deserves a Nobel Peace Prize because of it. Clowns are out. Peace in the Koreas! Watch the water. 
#NorthKorea #KoreaSummit
#PrisonersNoMore! Now the hostages in North Korea, held captive for so long by the [C]lowns, can finally have good lives! This is a WONDERFUL DAY indeed. Thank you @realDonaldTrump! Keep fighting those bastards! Rid them from this Earth!
The man has just made a symbolic history gesture by crossing the DMZ line with a diplomatic smile
This is literally the most beautiful thing I've seen in 2018
Soon as US moved out of negotiations everything is going forward.Example should be followed everywhere,especially in Palestine.
@Voyageuse101  je veux juste que ns y avons été avant lui
USA still crying when these two Countries make peace without the influence of USAs warnings and warmongering!
Donald Trump 
Kim Jong Un becomes first North Korean leader to cross line dividing the two Koreas since fighting ended in the Korean War
@_jaze30  
Wow, amazing and beautiful! #interkorean
I wonder when CNN will give obama credit for this?
Trump should get the Nobel Peace prize.
The meeting between these two countries - has been in the works since the new South Korean Leader took office - he has been seeking to end this quarrel with North Korea. Trump was not a part of this until recently. Trumps Not God -
And just think you libtatds said Trump was a madman for calling Un “Little Rocket Man”. Ha ha you lost again @CNN and Trump keeps winning!!

Really quite phenominal. Demonstrating deft diplomacy skill of Kim Jong Un, who will likely show, soon, just how out of his depth the self-proclaimed, “best negotiator ever,” @POTUS is when in neutral, critically observant territory. I expect more gaffs from 45 than Kim Jong Un.
How big of a douche are you in person, clown. #MAGA
Here’s a big virtual hug sent your direction.  (Hug delivered). Seems like you need ine, dude.  Being American, to me, has something to do with Enlightenment Values and we’re all in this together!  Here’s to the UNITED States of America.  Cheers.
That's the spirit....
And Trump still sucks?? He was going to start world war 3 with North Korea?? I’m waiting for someone to say it
Confirmed. Still sucks.
Thank you. I was patiently waiting
You’re welcome. 
$$$$$#
habla de tu puta vida de adicción, no molestes no jodas, no soy puta tv ni corrupta política, saca tu malditas y putas publicidad, de mi no hables nada, juega con tu puta madre, abusivo hijo de puta
Thank you President Trump!!
I wish I was Asian
this whole time i was waiting for someone kill kim jong un and south korea president run away like skeletor
Smoke and Mirrors. Only time will tell what Kim’s motives are. But let’s not get caught up in the theatrics!!!
Good for the world
Peace for North & South Korea. Peace for the World. PEACE for humankind.
Why the sudden change of Kim Jong Un’s behavior from being satanic to somebody who is friendly and accomodating. Very perplexing indeed. I hope he remains that way and not up to something evil.

South Korea’s Foreign Minister telling CNN that “clearly credit goes to President Trump” is priceless. 
I am welcome this historical moment .Thanks for two korean leaders
Super Korea Ninjas gonna take TrumPutin out.
Well wished boths
Did the camera men stay on South Korea side to take pics??? Lolol
When Kim made Moon cross to North Korea by hand I gagged
Some credit to Trump here. More credit to Pres. Moon and SK. To peace!
Credit Pres Trump
We pray for world peace. Congratulations to these two great men.
I have the chills
Thank you Obama
just in??? We have had this all afternoon over here!
A truly historic day a great day for world peace
@CrisHiggie
I commend Kim Jong Un and Moon Jae-In for reaching peace
Good news , well done President Trump 
Praise be to GOD! This is big news!
The world is a little bit safer because of Donald Trump. #MAGA  
Kim has been selected to achieve the Nobel prize award for peace this year ,
Nobody other than Kim could avoid the nuclear war against the  world's largest nuclear bombs makers like the US, who just can watch how  Kim  vanish his nuclear arsenal
Wow I m so proud of korean people atm !!
Hope the war end soon.
