Obviously that's why his Presidential run was so successful

Not for you fool
Soros' bought and paid for puppet. 

@JohnKasich
He’s looking very tanned for the leader of sun-barren Ohio. He’s a sham.
Fake centrist, straight out of George W Bush’s campaign strategy.
Kasich misdiagnoses America. Trump’s supporters aren’t hard right, they’re bandwagon riders and second liners. They are not political in any conventional sense.
Bandwagon riders are on all ranges of the political spectrum. There are so many people following other's opinions just to 'be part of it'.
Agreed
#closetliberal  We will never forget how Kasich acted in the primaries Nor will we ever support this loser again He is on the Hillary list !!
And NO ONE challenged the Governor of Ohio on his massive lie...
just shut up Kasich...you had your chance and you blew it...the people are sick to death of the bs...we have shown you that  business as usual is not in the best interest of our country...but you did choose the right forum to spew your crup..cnn...bwahaha
He’s right about that. Independent middle roaders are not represented.
True
There is a "big ocean" of emptiness between this fool's ears!   As ALWAYS. 1/3rd of the people are conservative. 1/3rd are Liberal and 1/3rd don't care. This guy is a LIBERAL.
@JohnKasich you're wrong. We, well I voted for #Trump because he was convincingly truthful despite of harsh talk. While the rest of you were trying so hard to speak what you thought we wanted to hear.

What we needed was the harsh TRUTH and if you all qualify for the JOB. HE WON!
I'm one of those in the middle. No question as to where I'm leaning.
Fingers crossed. #Kasich2020
Left will destroy themselves too; nuke attack on America is real.
That's it exactly. Most of us are closer to the center of each side. As contradictory people, we're a mixture of ideas that cross the liberal/conservative lines.
They are not up for grabs.The left treats people like cattle.
And he wants a drink of it.
No we're not up for "grabs" and we sure as heck don't want you. No one wants to hear you dad was a postman story again or your insipid, lukewarm policies.
STOP TRUMP (AKA, the 'MOCKINGBIRD') FROM MOCKING OUR DEMOCRACY!
Go  back to Ohio, we don't want you.
Big water..
I laugh at John Kasick he’s a complete failure as a governor he would do anything to see our president fail what kind of an American is he Because his little feelings were hurt he’s got a pea for a brain And look who he let interview him Jake crapper king of fake news
Still not getting anything correct.
@JohnKasich supports the mining of dirty coal... This man is not a 'moderate'.
Don't speak nonsense in American politics there is no
scope of middle ground should have exists by this time of more than 250 yrs of
independence.
Leaving party you will lose the
Governor ship at best you will
be simply no where in politics
Give up impossible thinking &
retire
You aren’t “grabbing” me and I am a moderate!
Oh Jake...
I've seen your definition of hard left and hard right John...it makes me question you understanding of every other topic.
Kasich doesn’t hav a clue about the people, he’s just a long term do nothing politician that probably needs to go spend some time in the private sector
Yup. That's what Jill Stein and Gary Johnson though. Sucks for the rest of us.
Out of touch okd white guy
There no ocean in between
Wrong Again
Woohoo, both sides!
Makes sense!
Kasich has is irrelevant.  He has no significant following and is simply a bitter person because he was beaten like a drum by Trump.
And he’s absolutely correct..  
