“Me either.” - 70% of the country

Hahahahaha that’s August of last year

I'd have to say that most humans in the world will agree with that statement.
Wrong again... There is a reason why he's president and comey is unemployed kido
Bot
Says the 48 follower liberal? Lol!!!!!!
This isn’t breaking news. He said this in the George Stephenopolis (sp?) interview.
And Comey is morally fit?
Yes.  100%.  Read his book.
For Trump supporters,  this being the cold brutal truth about Trump!!  It's hard to swallow!
So is this... The mainstream media would like you to ignore a federal court filing last week that exposed a $84 million money-laundering conspiracy Democrats executed during the 2016 presidential election. Take a look
how about a president who is decent... can we have that
You would have to time travel past November 22, 1963
The sudden mainstream embrace of James Comey is yet another great example of the recurring national amnesia that America seems to suffer from.
@Comey comments and actions only demonstrate that @POTUS was right to fire him, and that he should have been fired from day one. What a disgrace to both the @FBI and @TheJusticeDept

Says the guy who didn’t have the stones to bring up HRC on charges because he was too much of a wuss to stand up to Loretta Lynch
Last I checked, still no charges against HRC and he was fired. So maybe there just isn’t basis for charging her?
Wrong again kidos The mainstream media would like you to ignore a federal court filing last week that exposed a $84 million money-laundering conspiracy Democrats executed during the 2016 presidential election. Take a look
Comey clearly wasn't fit to be FBI Director.
Well Comey was certainly not morally fit to be FBI Director. That is for sure.
Someone who consistently speaks at a 4th grade level does not have above average intelligence. #StopIt
@JamesComeyFBI is not morally fit to be the FBI Director.
You don’t need to be a former FBI Director to work that out ... #obvious
LIAR
So are the majority of all politicians
@Comey now thinks America would be better served led by Hillary Clinton now.  What a revelation. #ComeyTownHall
I'm tired of him - he's just trying to sell his book
I'm tired of Trump he's just trying to sellout the United States!
Another town hall hosted by #FakeNewsCNN with planted wanna be actors asking scripted questions.  #nothingnewhere
The question was obviously scripted and rehearsed
I believe you James,trump needs To receive JESUS CHRIST
Oh look at cnn being unbiased..... 
Trump morally unfit
#ComeyTownHall 
#AHigherLoyalty 
#Comey
Agreed, he is not fit.
Inauguration Day.12 p.m., Biden, Yates, Rice & Obama Mtg. held on Russia/Trump investigation-Oval Office. Sec. Rice sends herself email memo
lol...and I suppose Comey is? #idiots
Has he met Bill Clinton?  Oh, wait, that’s different...
You know Bill was president TWENTY years ago, right?
That makes him moral now?
Uhhh noo?? Literally not one word was said about the man.. YOU tell me why you brought him up
Deflection? Or maybe trying to convince herself that Trump is not the worst human being alive?
Classic deny + redirection. "Hey trumps a shitty person but what about this other irrelevant guy who is also shitty??"  do better, Jill
I guess it’s all in perspective, no way I think he’s the worst human...do I cringe at some of his comments, sure...but my vote for him was very deliberate & I’ll do it again.  We need to get rid of all this partisan politics and elect people who aren’t on the take...
Yeeeeaaaahh.. I agree with the last part, but I'm still very much under the impression that Djt's presidency has been garbage so far. A HRC presidency also would've been terrible. Fingers crossed that we get decent candidates in 2020 because I know we can do better as a nation.
LOOK WHO IS TALKING. THIS IS #HILLARYOUS  @Comey
TALK ABOUT A PLANTED REHEARSED QUESTION
AND ANSWER
Make America Great Again should be changed to Make America Ethical  Again!
I should take moral tips from a man who betrayed is oath for personal gain! 
Very intelligent personality
I am wondering if James Comey was morally fit to be FBI director.
Wow. You guys are really humping Comey's leg right now. Every tweet is about him. Of course there's not another fucking thing going on in the world right now. I remember the good old days when you actually reported news.
Thank God he is no longer FBI

"Former #FBI Director James #Comey on President Donald #Trump: 'I don't believe he's morally fit to be President of the United States'"
#USA #US #GOP #MAGA #RUSSIA #PUTIN #MUELLER #CIA #HILLARY #CLINTON #LEADERSHIP #LEADER #MANAGEMENT #MANAGER #ELECTION #CORRUPTION #IMPEACHMENT
Sell those books. The country did like his opinion in the Clinton case, and sure don’t care for his opinion now.
Can you get Conway off of CNN?
Comey's personality is Comical. He would join some entertainment company now. @realDonaldTrump has proved himself to be the smartest US President yet and ruled the globe with an iron hand DPRK is a solid example. "Carrot and stick" not "divide & rule".
Just watched the Comey town hall. I already had respect for Director Comey but now have gained so much more. If you want to know who to believe, there is no question that Comey is the one.

Read the book, it is very good.
I couldn't agree more with Comey. Trump is a mobster and a hoodlum who thinks he is a Don. Don meaning a mafia leader!
Different day, different story
I appreciate with his honesty and introspection. Thanks.
Not fake news. The truth
Most of DC is "Morally Unfit" and we'd have to loose them all to be cleaned up. But,,, Then we'd have to find perfect people to replace them, and that would lead to Christians. So,,, the left would have a kitten about that as well. Stop being stupid people.
Two Federal⊙Police elements were••killed in confrontations⊙with Islamic☆State fighters,••south of Daquq, in⊙Kirkuk
Breaking news? More like broken news.
Had Comey informed @GOPoversight that BOEING/GE are withholding Emails that Hillary wiped which they admit having, as revealed by @NationalCenter, then in my estimation Hillary would have been indicted.

http://bit.ly/2d1JLm1  
http://bit.ly/1IgL5bw 
Agree whole heartedly.
This dip liberal crowd! Do any of them understand Comey is under investigation and will be serving time?
And???! Everyone knows that but morals is not what he ran on...
Agree
And i don't think you were fit to be the head of the FBI
Thank god Comey is no longer FBI director
@Comey @realDonaldTrump Comey isn't in a position to judge anyone else's morals. He admitted he lied, he has obstructed justice, leaked confidential material and is a disgrace to the FBI.
Well said!!!!
@AnthonyCumiacm must be drowning in crow from his failing president.
COMEY IS A FAKE REPUBLICAN, CROOK & LIER.
Douche
This from the most immoral law enforcement official ever.
Old recycled news!

Comey got fired for collusion with Clinton
Comey awaiting an IG criminal referral
More than 30% Americans, majority of congressmen and senators support him. Where is their morality.
So sick of Comey’s self righteousness.  Can’t wait until his book tour is over and we don’t see his face anymore.  Then he can go home and lick his wounds, along with Hillary, after her lame book tour.
I don’t believe anybody else can articulate It clearer.
THIS IS NOT A SURPRISE!
Here is a guy who's saying  @realDonaldTrump is not morally fit to be President, but in the meantime, his # 2 guy McCabe was found guilty 4 times for lying to the Investigators, and @Comey is now facing charge by the IG for leaking classified information.
ya think?
Most people agree.
Morally Shmorally, it’s the economy stupid. Oh yea, illegal immigration and fascist anti-free speech leftist on campus. Should I continue



Your such an example of moral character you are a sleazebag and a swamp monster of DC . Glad you got fired!!!!
I concur, I love you James Comey!!! Run for president!!!
Sure
I agree.
 James Comey u are so right on that one
This man is a joke!
It doesn't matter what Comey thinks; we chose Trump to lead. And lead, he has.
We didn't choose him. YOU did. There are 3 million people who would beg to differ.
Fully agree !!
Actually, here in Europe we are sure non of the GOP is fit for presidency
okay okay, im gonna buy your book now..... and throw them in the bin.
True
i just adore comey   finally one classy person in america  well two  there is always bill gates of course
Here Here, couldn't agree more
Is either James Comey is not referring to the President Trump we all know that's turning D economy around, or he was too influence & clouded with Dem meddling claim as a kind of payback for Hilary reopened probe & couldn't get true picture of Trump, OR Comey is mentally unstable
Comey sounds really bittered, it seems he wanted to keep the FBI job for life. Am thinking there's more to it, it looks clearer everyday that Trump is NEVER his choice for president. He must be very heartbroken on election night. This is absolutely "Corruption Fighting Back"
Seemingly the bureaucrats are used to presidents who delegate all the power. And the new one is the first one who does not obey.
Really??? What was your first impression!!!!  We the world know he is incompetent. #2020forchange #WhiteHouseHelpWanted #WorstPresidentEver
It that so
Yawn
Ahh Comey the Clown, the great moral compass of our country 
Why is everyone acting like this is a surprise. We’ve all known he was morally unfit for president since the first time he uttered the words “ I’m running for President “
Dirty cop the nerve when he wasn’t fit to the head ofFBI something is wrong his brains are out to lunch
#Trump has Not the #Moral nor #Mental Capacity to lead a Dog on a walk around the block! #ThursdayThoughts #ComeyTownHall #CNN
That's funny coming from someone with no morals at all
OMG lol that's not a accepted question at alllllllll
New files came out on Comey...More lies...He is done.
You're not morally fit to walk my dog.
And james comey is morally fit to be a fbi director?? One way he says his decision may hv changed the outcome then why we blame russia elected president Trump- see the irony, this whole thing was staged for liberals to avenge their election loss
Oney is so credible, he leaked classified information through a third party and knew the info used to start a special counsel was false, talk about unfit
#comey2020
Most of us already knew this. Enough of them were gullible and ignorant.
Of course it is CNN....
Who cares about that’s idiots opinion at this point? It’s about as valid as mine. #fakenews
Says the lying and terminated FBI director.
How is this breaking news? A majority of the American people already knew that. Get in line Comey
Comey and Hillary belong in the same cage
CNN producer scripted the Coney town hall. Anderson did a good job pressing. Needed to asked about McCade, Strok, Page insurance policy.
Bolo mann
He isn't...next question?
So sad to see Chris, Don and what's her name still existing and promoting division....Please, please, please just remove your personal opinions about the person we hired to speed up the healing needed as a result of the Obama years in particular.

Dirty cop.
So that proves that there was a bias and an attempt to hijack the election
It’s as if people are forgetting that this applies to 90%of politicians
Screened audience. Screened questions. Same @CNN, different day.
Come to think of it Bill Clinton also wasn’t morally fit to be president either.
Is he auditioning to be the new Captain Obvious? #Comey
Morals and Comey??? What does he know about morals?
why are people celebrating a known leaker of classified memo's ?
Neither do I . Trump is morally unfit to be alive much less President
LIBTARD'S ARE TRAITORS!!!!

IS THIS WHAT THE LEFT STANDS FOR???
Look in the mirror moron. Talk about unfit Comey
It also is clear. The so-called political elite of the Yankee has become more worse and more illiterate.
CNN  what a joke Comey is headed to jail  with Hillary

@cnni @cnnbrk  look who is talking.....
But weaken and sell out America to the highest bidder Obama was? You are a Democrat stooge Jim Comey
I would LOVE to see this country vote him out. 
2 problems with that, I think he obstructed justice (among other things) & should serve time and ...
I CANT WAIT THAT LONG!!!
James Comey is not "morally fit" to stay employed. What a hypocrite. & so because he was publicly humiliated on national TV in front of the entire world, this is his opportunity to vent on Trump & use some spiteful, reverse psychology through social & televised media.
Yeah, ... said the jealous, envious, vindictive, spiteful guy that got fired from Donald Trump! If I was James Comey, & Donald Trump fired me, I might say the same bullshit just to save my pride, like Comey is doing here. James Comey is just mad & is retaliating over being fired.
The American people have spoken malicious use of process is a crime.
Do crimes and go unpunished tutorial
Our President. is a Human being like us He had a lot of thought. You can't only enjoy sunshine at all  time. At times it rains. support him his trying.
@Comey The Irony is that Comey wasn’t morally qualified to be head of the FBI! The key difference is. Donald Trump is the President of the US! Comey is a disgraced fired FBI director!
I don't think you are morally fit to stay out of prison.
I don't believe you are morally fit to determine his moral fitness.
I believe he has said this before.. It’s usually followed by, “find out more in my book.. I hope you’ll read it!”
Who are you to judge him Comey?He is elected by American people you piece of work
Only criminal like myself can fit for Presidency Comey said
Comey is not very self aware.....
From Comey the lying judge and jury.
What a condescending “ holier than thou” idiot this Comey is! Like he is the judge & jury over morality- give me a break 
Then why didn’t you Quit?
Lol. Thanks for the opinion, Jimmy.  I will file it.
He’s no prize chicken himself
No trump, isnt morally fit to be president or morally run this country. He shames this country to the core.
The bullshit media thought they can turn Trump into another Pavlov's dog but they were wrong as usual.
I heart Jim’s integrity so much.
Yeah... now if he just had any, he could heart it too.
He also said this on The Daily about a week ago
I wish AC would STOP misusing the word “leak.” You can’t leak unclassified/non-protected info.
If you read his book, you will see than he was never on the Trumo bus.  He was non partisan.  His own wife and daughters voted for HRC. He was fed up,with both sides by Nov.
Uh-huh....puff, puff, pass dear...step AWAAAYY from the pipe.
I agree with his statement about Trump. But I also think that the Trump supporters do not support Trump because they think Trump is morally fit for president. Trump supporters don’t really care about Trump’s accountability or morality.
What moral code exactly are we talking about? Trump has worked his butt off getting this country going. While doing this he has been dragged through the mud with several false stories and politicians throwing roadblocks at him! He is doing great!
CNN SUCKS AS WELL AS COMEY
Comey already said that in his George Stephanopoulos interview. CNN could’ve scripted some better questions.
The former FBI Director is talking about the President been a liar. He should look in the mirror, he is the biggest liar and weasel of them. Whatever the President has done before becoming President I do not condone those acts, but as President he has deliver on his promises.
Let's ask Mexico to help us to raise money in a fundraiser used to build a wall around Trump's mouth. BREAKING NEWS: Hurricane Trump is demolishing all 50 states!! Stay brace for shock!
Earn $400+up /mo driving where you already drive!
AGREED !!!!!!!!!!!
Keep playing your false narrative..  #FakeNewsCNN 
You’re truly pathetic
Neither is Comey fit to be a Director of the FBI.
He already said that word for word
Fake news
My god, thats SO OLD!
Ouchhh comey throwing  trump under bus
Bill Clinton is a rapist yet James Comey backer HRC for president. Un freakin believable.
Morals...something TRUMP will never have
Me neither
Oh...is this another of those CNN propaganda pieces posing as a Town Hall?
And @HillaryClinton would be morally fit? If a person did not believe she was a criminal, they should after she advocated #Resist, which is in effect overthrowing the government.

I can only see this as a strategy of selling your book. About morality, we know who has morality question between you and the potus
Ffs cnn you’re hurting your own cause wise up
Poor liberals l feel sorry for you
This left-wing liberal circle jerk will only get the limited audience that @CNN has already. Softball, pre-audience reaction questions.
@CNN seems to have a large audience ow whining trump supporters
