I don’t believe it as not substantiated 
It's been proven to be a lie why is this still up there
Yall believe anything these days
CNN reported this week that Dr. Ronny Jackson got drunk overseas, loudly banged on colleague's door & was stopped by Secret Service. Today Secret Service says it "has no such record of any incident; specifically, any incident involving Rear Admiral Ronny Jackson." Unbelievable.
Wine is a mocker and strong drink is outrageous.
In 2016 why didn't Obama do something - one wonders ! Before making rash assumptions let Dr Jackson clear his name - it's evil to ruin lives
Another great Trump “hire”
What about the members of Congress that show up in session or for hearings that have obviously been drinking. There should be random drug and alcohol testing for Congress
Ah maybe not...
Oh great
Has anyone ever seen Stagecoach with JOHN Wayne? The doctor in that movie played by Thomas Mitchell was drunk and he delivered a baby! This doctor has a 100% higher education so what can he handle under the influence. He’s qualified.
Don’t say that about him, he made me happy when he told me a weighted 165 lbs of pure muscle (at 5 ft 10 in)
Are White House staff ever drug-tested? Can someone test Ronny Jackson with no advance warning?
When Billy C. was attacking women in the WH.. I bet he was sober.
Will never understand the logic of excusing criminal behavior based on someone else's criminal behavior. Proven or not.
If he farted after eating beans.. CNN would accuse him of treason and air pollution.
I read that incorrectly at first, I left out the "on a".
Continue to do so. It's way funnier.
He was trying to perform CPR like Rick Santorum if its true.
Should have seen this guy at the Officers Club!!!!!
When he was in Obama’s administration
So what?
If it was so serious, why didn’t President Obama fire him?
Come on people so what. If the man was not on the job who cares
Reaching @cnnbrk reeeaaaccchhing!
President Obama's fitness & good health precluded ever needing a midnight visit from the 24 hour, on-call physician. If he had, and Dr. Jackson turned up shit-faced...
Oh golly, you witnessed this? Trump’s screwing his own candidate and you guys are screwing UP on the real story.
Ronny wanted some late night booty....lol
Really ??? Of all the bs going on THIS is news ???
Love this. Totally get rid of the liar. Right, Trump weighs 239. I know people that weigh 250 and Trump is bigger than them.
Oh sweet irony

Oh no not that.   Oh my gosh.  What will we all do?!?!?!
So conclusory...almost stated like it is a matter of law, save the last bit: "sources say." Like anyone with credability would go to @CNN. Nice try. 
#CNNFakeNews
How could a Dr b sober and give Trump a physical
I hope you retract your unconfirmed news
Even if he gets the job he still wont be anywhere near the biggest crook in that administration
Who gives fuck
Nominating this guy is such an insult tonour vets. Pissing offvets almost like #45 has a self destruct reflex
BREAKING FAKE-NEWS!
@realDonaldTrump had a pee party so Ronny fits right in with his rigime.
How convenient all this supposed stuff comes out now, not when it happened before 45. If these allegations are true which I doubt. You would think he would have ceased being 44's physician. Just sayin' they only find fault with 45 nominees when most are 44 holdovers.
Nothing "convenient" about it. No one but Trump nominated this swamp-dwelling drunk to run a federal before, or even promote him beyond his current position so it might never have come out otherwise.
So what
Knock Knock
#donnieisadick
What are you 10?
Cite your source!
Exactly.   Everyone has become such hypocrites and so eager to join a lynch mob wo any facts or due process.  Sickening
Wow, never supervised thousands of men and women, but tried to molest a few in a drunken stupor. Only the BEST people.
So a man got drunk and horny on an overseas trip?   Or maybe he wanted some Advil for the sure hangover to come?
So?
Something must of come up that he needed help with  what’s wrong with that jk lol
So?
Well guess his wife Jane will be very upset by this.  I’m sure this wasn’t a one time thing either.
BUT BEFORE...DURING PRESIDENT OBAMA..THE PRESS SAY NOT A THING BAD ABOUT HIM...I WONDER WHY???
Because they hid him. They weren't stupid enough to try and promote him to a position that required a confirmation hearing. Rocket science 101.
That’s it?
CNN..only reports sources...FAKE news..your station has become Tabloid Gossip..no wonder your ratings are so low
What man has ever done that, oh woman do not have to open the door some will some won't, life gee is it now we saint's for gov position oh that only applies to republicans so much HIPOCRICE
This is the person who claims Trump is FIT to be president.  Makes you think twice about his decision
Lovely. Not.
Only the best people
Keep dr. ronny as the White House Physician. This is the guy I want in charge of keeping drumpf #themantrumpiancandidate alive!
...nothing surprises me...about this twisted...motley...crew...of misfits...
Which is why that pissy drunk alcoholic, @RonnyJacksonMD, wrote that bogus health report for the Pussy Grabber In Command, @realDonaldTrump!  #RonnyJackson KNOW that #Trump is a cardiac arrest victim waiting to happen!
Come on y'all! His name is Ronny Jackson. Who didn't see this coming. You have very few choices in life when as a grown man you have a child's name.
Well hey, @PressSec Sarah Sanders is on television right now, talking about his impeccable credentials. Also lying about the state dinner. She is truly pathetic
Cnn=National Enquirer.
More lib obstruction because the party has no platform.
Seriously...who gives a shit. You people are getting bent outta shape over a past event. Also let me point out that c there is a war against men going on. Anything to keep it going. Woman cat call men all the time or stalk them or drunk text them. Lets turn it into a crisis!
Where is the proof.  Not like the proof cnn reports fake news. Bitter workers can destroy you with rumors and the media will eat it up
And if we fired every politician who had done that, there would be no one left in DC.
Allegedly
Just another monkey in the Trump circus!
has the 'wasted' look right here...


Let the he said -she said, no fact , smearing and character assassination begin by the liberal left wing CNN.  Lol.
Kinda looked drunk at the podium while speaking of the President's health.
What’s up with these “driveway/sidewalk” chats with the press every time this administration feels its knees getting weak?
He's toast 
My God people this guy is not qualified to run the VA! That's why he was chosen! The Koch's want the VA privatized so they can get their hands on that 200 billion a year budget! So they have to make it fail! Wake Up because once they've done it! It will be to late!Vote out GOP
He thought it was the Playboy mansion  Looking for Rainy, Stormy, Snowy, Easy
Lol
Nope
Omg SO FUCKING WHAT? You guys try every emotional appeal to smear who y’all don’t like. You guys ain’t news. Your a media machine to smear peoples names. False news. Fake news. Only posts that are against trump.
Another one down, how many does this make, let's ask Rachel, add another one to your chart Rachel
#BestPeople
Everybody fucked up in America 
Who was President then.  Lol oh ya obama
He is not a Health Care Adminstrator. He's a provider. They do not full understand what it take to run such a complex entity. Should really look at a HCA with experience at a large DoD facility to get the right person in the position. #VAreform
so did she answer the door. ........... so who cares he banged on door did he bang on her ...,who cares ... making house call thks
He has failed his mandatory SAPR Training
No wonder Trump likes him.
Well his little sailor was standing at attention while knocking on the door. #doorhook
Just like his mentor DJT. Does it really matter when the Supreme Leader Hand picks you?  Just attack Ronnie, just attack; it’s the autocratic way
No mention of that from obama?
No wonder Dear Leader likes him so much - cut from the same cloth!
How sad CNN. The President of France is giving an inspiring speech to joint session of congress and you are talking about a "reported" knock on the door in a hotel years ago.
That's cnn for ya.
The vetting process was the ringing endorsement he gave the dotard for his physical. Boy, did he kiss the ring. Now he's looking to be "pardoned" to get this job.
Bottom line what's important is the here and now. He's not qualified for the position. And he's a lying Dr  those are facts of the here and now
Oh boy. “For ALL have sinned and fall short of the Glory of God.”
So?
All the best people right?
FAKE NEWS driven by hate!
Who hasn’t
I knew he was drunk when he said the President  was 239 lbs 
#RonnyJackson #drunkregrets 
#ronnyisadrunk #hepicksthebestpeople
Great. And I farted one time in church. What else you got?
Tell Trump, he'll make you head of the EPA.
Trumpo is easily swayed by accolades & embellishment; all it took was Dr Jackson to say Donald had extraordinary genes to live 150 years! Many folks thought he was drunk then, now we all know better!!! @azcentral @StephenAtHome @GOP @SenJohnMcCain @SenBobCorker @SenFeinstein
So knocking on a hotel door is illegal? Non news
This is disgusting .
Wow a trump staff member being creepy toward women? Not surprised
So, he will fit right in with this administration?
Why in hell is this news??????
He is not qualified to run any federal agency. The drunkenness and hostile work environment our confirmation of his terrible character.
The best people .
He does need to be checked out thoroughly, and vetted.  If there is something in question (especially alcohol consumption, and over-prescribing drug usage)  The Position should be a NO;

And he should go to rehab.
He was drunk and disorderly under Obama's watch?  Why didn't he do something about it?
How many at CNN have drank too much?
Wow because he was Obama Doctor so sad
I am disturbed by the allegations but the fact remains that this man is simply not qualified to head the VA.  He has no administrative experience.  Why is that not a concern?
Kinda like when @realDonaldTrump "Banged" @StormyDaniels and paid her $130,000 not to tell ?
You forget he was highly recommended by Obama.  Funny how quickly the media and left dig up dirt to try and ruin a person.  You people are disgraceful.
The secret service had to intervene.
"The BEST people!"
Trump: you’re hired!!!
If you are defending this behavior you are part of the problem. How did this not get addressed when reported thru the chain? He is unqualified to run his own office let alone the VA. If u evr said you cared about troops, you lied. They deserve better.
tRUMP-NRA owned  WHITEboy gop mating ritual. Why do you think there are so many babies everyday on FAUX&FIENDS?
So?
Why wasn't he fired then?
Doesn't that make him perfect for an appointment  in the Trump Administration?
Trump ruins everything he touches.
GDP says hi
Where does @realDonaldTrump find all these ‘best people’???!!!
Yeah, he's not going to be confirmed for the VA gig but how the hell does he keep his current job?
IF true; this guy should NOT b confirmed as VA administrator, but in these crazy times with FATSO as POTUS I guess anybody who can walk and talk can b nominated for a high level government position....as long as they're LOYAL to "the moron", NOT the country....just sayin

We cnn and the dems Obama ...who ...what where it was trump fault for the past !!! , no fault on them !!
SMH but he’ll claim addiction & be allowed to rehab 
Dr Drunkenly Banged Esq
Do what? Who hasn't done that?
@realDonaldTrump has a type!
@realDonaldTrump only picks the best people, right?
He should just retire and go quickly
Oh! So he'll fit right in!! @realDonaldTrump
Traitor Trump has one goal— to weaken or destroy the USA. This unqualified nutjob would bring ruin. He will never get approved because Democrats will save us from Traitor’s attempts to weaken the US.
Good god. Petty politics.
Bad actor. No experience for the job. Liar. Perfect Trump choice!
Ecactly...having a Med. Degrer is not of utmost importance. Prob be better off with a degree in med.  and busin. Administr. MBA
One of Donny's "finest people". 
No wonder trump picked him.
We’ve all done that right?
YES, of course .... "sources". The virulent Left strikes again!
People, This is serious allegation. The Navy will probably step in to investigate. He may end up retiring sooner than he would like to avoid all the mess...investigation
Funny how none of this was ever revealed when he was Barry’s doctor? 
Fits right into this WH..
They better do a drug test on Dr. Ronny! He seemed coked up during that lying Press conference giving us the lying results of Trumps scam physical. Dr Ronny was flushed, manic, and had cotton mouth. Hmmmm.
"Sources". Hahahahahahaha.
Tabloid news, CNN the Cartoon Network, your company is in the sewers.
Who CARES
Explains why @realDonaldTrump picked this guy.
Read the article before you tweet. This happened under the Obama administration!
Fake reason for not supporting Ronnie. Running a dept. doesn't mean you weren't allowed to have a drink in your past. Hell, you all have been drinking heavily since Hillary lost the election!
Cnn dirt campaign continues.
Cuck News Network
How can he be handing out prescription drugs like candy and be drunk on the job and still be a doctor.  Aren’t there ethics standards for doctors?
Old news! What do you expect from Onummer?!
Grow up. His name is Obama
Have you read all these post about trump. Seems like it's the left that needs to grow up. Unnamed sources...people are so willing to pile on
Honey trump going to prison. Cohen and manafort will sing the national anthem kneeling. Lol in ur head u can keep dreaming..
Sweetly you are delusional. Wonder why all these top FBI agents have been reassigned, fired?  Clapper Brennan caught lying.  Truth will be
Hard for you.
Tbh of all the skeletons in the closet this is hardly the worst
What sources? The ones that dont like trump?
It’s because there was a fire in the hotel #Savelives
So?
Are these from the same sources CNN chiefs had to be fired for giving false information
Have you authenticated these allegations if not why do ylu cowardly hide behind unnamed sources to destroys a honourable mans reputation.
CNN is a disgrace 
2015 why did not obama act on this
Have they scheduled the auction for this network yet................
Sources lol. #FakeNews
And...
Attention ! if someone is discontent with the Trump government ... switch places with me for the love of God! leave the United States and come and live in beautiful sunny Brazil.

bunch of hypocrite mimimi!
That’s how” TheDonald “meets women.
Who hasn’t!  Ur pathetic @cnnbrk and just another bit to try and get clicks.
That is the kind of person Trump wants,because the are alike.
Before you comment how about you actually READ the article?! I posted a dumb, snarky response based on the headline, then deleted it after taking my own advice
Once again on @cnnbrk, quantity (4 sources!) must make up for quality (no names). #FakeNews
Unnamed sources, the only kind CNN has

Who was President in 2015?

That’s ridiculous ! We have liars running the justice department and congress is worried someone 3 years ago knocked on a door drunk! Politics and out to destroy this person. Pathetic has usual
We American males do believe in massacres to females are rape them
