Why can’t everybody play the fake unnamed sources game
#JANKford
#TooJanky4Me
#JankyLeg
#StankyJanky

Im good at making names up too.
#GOPExit2018
Evidence? Or do you just take Trump at his word?
Tester lied! Apparently that is what liberals do now just hurl allegations! Your behind a failed party that hurts this country more than it helps and that's the party your behind! Embarrassment! !
Obviously! He can  make up any lies as usual! Funny that the more he tries to discredit Dems the more Republicans are leaving!
Sort of like Trump threatening Comey about the possibility of tapes during their discussions in the Oval Office. Complete pile of bull and typical TWEETleDUMB!
The orange one just sinks lower and lower each day
Wow, just wow. The Democratic Party has been tearing him apart since he won the nomination
Dirt to get what he wants 
That and definition is a dictator
Like the tapes. Lol
Tester is a Swamp Rat and should resign.  I'm sure he was put up to it by the DNC or Schumer.  I'm hoping that President Trump makes Tester's defeat one of his goals in the coming election.
Like KGB assets he has dirt on anyone
Obviously not you just made a dumb waste of time story about another unknown unimportant person
If he had dirt, he would have been tweeting it hourly. Deflection!
Another profile in cowardice.
I never saw a pile of Jello interviewed on CNN before. This is a first. He takes human form - but he’s a spineless quivering mass with no soul or brains.
Great President.
Trump and the Republicans are the true enemy of democracy. They lie to Americans. Trump, Putin and the Republicans will not take over this great country. They want a civil war. We will vote them.
I am sure they know more about trump too.
Juvenile,6th grade type.
No he should not resign.
Oh come on now, if you have something to say then put it out there.  Stop playing games. Dont you see this is why there is so much discord in our country.
The left are the ones who think they can say what ever they want...we are not your live stock cnn and msnbc
Friends close, Enemies closer!
Of course he can......to hell with honesty, scruples, honor, and I could go on and on.
Oh!  And trust means absolutely 
NOTHING, to this president!
Hmmm....got it!!
What?? Don't tell me that the lefties get their shorts in a twist when they get treated the way they treat everyone else....The President doesn't even need to say anything about that vile man....people can see right through him and his lies. Not surprised at all the  CNN uses him
Trump just makes up thing and lies every day, really can't believe anything he says, it's just not credible.
Yet you would still support him for re-election! You are the swamp! Vote him out!
#Pathetic

Kinda like the left huh!
Drumpf: Deflect, divert, distract, deny, divide, defame, distort.
No he can not.There is a line NOBODY can cross or face prison.
CNN totally destroyed a person in front of America! How can you continue to do the harm that you are doing to America and think you will be respected again? It ain't happening!
Im sure 45 has dirt on everybody. He's so dirty his self he has plenty to share. He's so pitiful
45 appears to be the blackmailee or the blackmailor in Chief of the United States! He can't stay away from it. He appears to be either on the receiving end or the delivering end!
He is ready to endorse A CON MAN and a FRAUD..... NO SPINE NO BALLS LANKFORD.
Maybe what he meant Tapper is that he can probably find some rumors that may or may not be true&leak them to discredit Tester just like Tester did with Adm. Jackson. Maybe destroy his character on unverified garbage. Oh, yea, & just like Dems did to POTUS w/Russian collusion!
So trump can lie with impunity?
I'm thinking Trump has dirt on all of them. That's why the GOP is spineless when it comes to Trump. The DNC hack was released but the GOP hack was not. Now who actually is holding the information is what's worrisome. Trump & friends or Putin & friends.
Give me a break trump said his wife was going to have a press conference about her immigration to the US and that was over a year ago,he said He didn't spend the night in Moscow,I could write all day his lies.
President can try to bluff his way out of a tough spot as well
Oh no, hope trump doesn’t “have more tapes”!  #LiarInChief
So does CNN!!!!
Democrats are dirty and corrupt to the core.
Haha. You spelled republicans wrong. Honey, the Democrats aren’t gaslighted and brainwashed like the republicans and #Trumplestiltskin followers. Sorry but how can you sit there and applaud this #MangoMoussolini when he called Un honorable?! You’re just as brainwashed
If he said his last name is trump, I wouldn't believe him. Pathological lier..
Anyone else think maybe there was a big party where maybe there was some hookers involved to trap alot of these congress men.I just feel like something happened that trump holds over some of them.
He’s a professional gaslighter. One of his known qualities is manipulation. Hence why I gave him the nickname #Trumplestiltskin
Trump can say whatever he wants, but America will hold him to the truth!
Unfortunately only like half of America. Don’t forget there’s still his brainwashed followers we still have to break down.
Hope he does have dirt....unacceptable how that man was destroyed. Tester went to the media versus other channels if he had true concerns. And you all loved it.
Sure, good ole 8 number low follower account.....
#uranium1
Come on CNN. You are being used by the GOP to undermine the Democrats. I really like CNN but you seem to be conning us.
More lies from the Conspiracy in Chief!

“He lies, get over it, we have.”
where did he get the dirt? Putin's hackers?
@realDonaldTrump Yes, and Obama’s wiretapped Trump Tower, and he’s going to sue every one of those women....
And Mueller has plenty of dirt on said president. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Laughable!!!
What a lame duck.!!!!@@@@
Oh like the msm Tabloid cnn does, Difference is Tester does not live in a glass house.
Yes, like a dog barks the rain.
If he had any he would spread it all over this is coming from the porno president.
Another Okie like Pruitt


Another spinless Republican senator we will miss after voting him out in the #2018Midterms.
When are the Republicans going to call tRump on his crap? When are they going to grow a spine?
Idiot
Yep just say what CNN does.... it was an anonymous source...and pretty much you can anything...that there sad truth...never verify...for what as long as the have one viewer that agrees ...lol
Liberals and their news outlets wake up every morning asking themselves... "who are we going to destroy today boys and girls?"
Ahh...you think you know things. You don’t. Go away...far away. You’ve done enough damage.
Profiles in courage...
We need to be honest with ourselves and it should be known Trump is all bark no bite. #Dotard
#VoteThemOut2018
No accountability... thanks GOP. We used to expect the TRUTH from the POTUS not anymore.

The Republican are hiding the true findings of the Russia probe they know the Donald Trump committed treason.
It will come back and bite them all and every one of them in the ass.
She just gave us the proof that we need the Donald Trump Donald Trump jr. Jared Kushner Eric Trump Paul manafort and the rest of the cronies around Donald Trump are all traitors to this United States .…
Another spineless senator
Duh
