Bill Cosby is in his winter months. Let him make amends to these women, they are vicious. Who even knows all these allegations are true or not. Respect your elders.
Never respect rapists.
Proof?
It was provided in the trial. That's why the case has been sent to the jury. Do some reading instead of making me do all the work for you.
The trial was a bunch of lesbians accusing him of rape, when they collected a lot of money. The whole thing is a sham. They should all sit down together and forgive one another and move on. The guy is old and dying and blind. Have some mercy
Conviction please
Not guilty!
Should give him the electric chair
Nah, too quick.
Lock him up
I hope that the jurors remember that this is not Dr. Huxtable.
GET THE PRISON UNIFORM READY!
May justice FINALLY prevail!!!!!
You old man are guilty as charged....
Sorry i held him so high in the past...
How is he being retried for the same thing...doesn’t that violate the 5th amendment? Someone fill me in, I haven’t been following too closely.
Why the fuck are they smiling? Do they already know that he's going to get off because he's rich and famous?
Yea they know. They just went through the same shit with the last case. Waste of time.
The justice system proved with OJ that if you're rich and famous enough, no matter the skin color, you're honorary white to them and can get away with anything.
Let's show the World Hollywood elitists are not above the law.
This is another way @TheDemocrats & The Left keep Black celebrities, "elites," preachers, athletes, and others from daring to leave the plantation.  It took THREE trails but they got finally got @BillCosby.  #Hollywood @SamuelLJackson @SpikeLee @BlackishWriters @BillClinton
@Madonna  @WynnWs  @CNN  @JasonDottley  They Found #BillCosby  Guilty Put Him Back In Jail ! Throw Away The Key ! Justice Was Served ! Amen

Another Hollywood elite showing others how to live righteously
Guilty
I totally forgot about this.
They will find him innocent he’s a celebrity and these people  worship celebrities
Kanye West did more for the black community in a tweet than Barack Obama did in 8 years #FreeThinker
Is Donald Trump next?
Stop
Why isn't the person running the United States of America not going to trail?, some one PLEEEEASE!, answer me that?, we all heard and saw him on tape talking about grabbing PUSSIES & alleged to have done violated women as well.

Embarrassing bad photoshop skippy...
Trump still in office for all his allegations but it’s not evidence against this man just some words of women that didn’t get a come up 
Not Guilty Due To Decades Of Expired Statute Of Limitations!
A crooked judge exposed an already sealed, settled case. This case isn't about the truth. There are no videos or witnesses.  It's about money.
Hey you know what CNN I noticed there has been no more talk about stormy the slut bag Daniels and her make-believe photograph I guess y’all gave up .
Hey hey hey it’s fat Albert
nail his ass
I hope this trial goes without a glitch so his wife can wipe off that phony smile.
Several black Comedians tried to out old rapist Cosby years ago but no one was listening to them. He needs to pay for his crimes. Sad part, he probably will get away with it. Power and money people live in a different world than the rest of us.
Look at his idiot wife with a smile on her face. Embarrassing. What is she happy about?
How much money and intimidation did it take?
Is this costing us money? Waste of time
lock him up already. why didn't he just pay for it if he badly wanted to
Money talks
