Oh what a petty.
.@cnn why do you hate so badly?   Does you bitter hatred go that deep that it has embedded a root of extreme bitterness?  Get over it and celebrate!
How about the kid @davidhogg111 and the #MarchForOurLives killed?? Hmmm..
 And #FraudNewsCNN ignored the cop that stopped the shooting monday.

Queue the “time to ban cars!!!” idiots...
Unfortunately you are right
Yeah, almost as bad as the #ivorytowerelitistcowards screaming to ban guns...
You’re all as bad as the “ban assault rifles” clowns
People who want to ban assault rifles have good intentions. Just because you don't agree doesn't make them 'clowns'.
Lets not make it a gun debate, and find our humanity.  Gun ban/Control is not the issue here. Just a sad canadian girl here
It’s directly relevant. Both are accessible and dangerous to masses of people
Sick world when a person can't  even walk down the road or sidewalk anymore....Evil will NEVER prevail !!!!!
Muslims will never prevail
It was most certainly a muslimmmmmmmmmmmm
The guy was an armenian christian. Denying facts to continue your narrative is dangerous.
Ahhh he’s a Christian ohhhhhh okay self proclaimed Christian  nah he’s a Muslim. Keep living in your alternate universe
No. He is a christian.
Nope. 100% Islamic extremist, stop fact changing to change a narrative your way
CNN, you are made up of a bunch of jokers..
Dear American people, we respect you, your values and your principles. we will defend each other. It is our obligation to humanity.
#TheSupremeCourt 
#bodegastrike 
#IamAmericantoo
Where’s the call for banning cars??
Nobody wants to ban guns. Just limitations.

Just like how you have to earn your driver’s license and be the required age without any mental illnesses.
I just made the comment to get a rise out of the “tolerant” left 
Why are you not calling this for what it is, @CNNbrk ? This IS a terrorist attack! So disappointed…unbelievable 

...and it wasn't...bigots need to lie.
#VanControlNow
More CHAOS.
Ban all assault vans now!!! Especially any vans equipped with an automatic transmission or high capacity towing!! Please make a new law ASAP. Obviously Canada has no laws against driving over people or vetting ppl who have a DL. If they did, this would not have happened. Geesh!
@TheEllenShow pray for the victims in Toronto. No one seems to even care
So sad
First victim identified from the tragedy yesterday...
We need laws to protect us from vans now
#الظلم
Ban all trucks now!
Assault trucks or just any truck?
First we must define what do you mean assault truck, depends on the definition of assault. Such as what is the definition of "is"
A man driving a van ? The van probably lost control by itself
Up next, @davidhogg111 , #ivorytowerelitistcoward and puppet of @CNN #FraudNewsCNN runs to Canada to ban "Assault" vans, all while ignoring the death his #MarchForOurLives caused...
Will the left try to ban vans to.
His motive is new generation of Y ppl- Why NOT?? What is motive ppl watch super bowl- they enjoy it they love it! This guy enjoys murdering ppl- that’s his super bowl! He is a psychopath
Devastating!
All native English nations are slowly going insane with the spread of feudal languages inside their vitals. Check this:
So sad and tragic !!
May God comfort the hearts of the families who have lost their loved ones and may the light of God be upon us !
This guy is a 5 Star psychopath. He planned it with one intent- to murder as much ppl as possible as fast as possible & enjoy it to the fullest. He knew it’s wrong, but doesn’t care
Did that van have an AR15??
#banwhitevans
Let me guess, was this a terrorist attack too? Lol you guys are a joke
Hell..
Better ban vans.
Pray for the victims of this awful terrorist attack. #TorontoStrong.
We must outlaw assault vans!

CIA tortured man to death and then hid the body. Lawsuit settled... but still  no grave for family to mourn.  
Meanwhile, possible torturer gets promotion to lead agency. Dark times.  https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2018/apr/18/gul-rahman-cia-black-site-torture-family-demands-body?CMP=Share_iOSApp_Other …
Omg this did not happen in downtown Toronto, can you make the correction already, not a collision either. Geez
Ban vans

Terror in Toronto
Damn ar-15's...
Stupid van.
Is it spreading religion of peace or manifestation of tolerance towards values of western society?
our cop handled this extremely well ..he should be awarded for his selfless behaviour and calmness in such a horrid situation...u have some nerve calling him a coward! 
#torontoattack
No @MrksGCN, it takes courage to not shoot somebody and think before the trigger is pulled. Pulling the trigger would have been the easy way.
Of *course* MrksGCN is a Trump cultist & gun nut. They have no respect for human life & get their rocks off on machismo.
Also, loads of bots out lately. Hard to tell sometimes b/c sadly, there really are vile people out there.
IKR?! It's hard to tell the difference though. There aren't any original thoughts coming from any of them.
I had one that a few thousand tweets, loads of followers, account very young...well, a year. He only answered once. Usually they fight so not sure if he was a bot or what???
Eternal Rest Grant onto them, O Lord.....
Will the liberals now be screaming for a ban on vans.
Who was this person? A Baptist or a Methodist or Catholic? Yo which one of em was it? Say?Come on now tell us you super cool good looking smarter than normal people news gods.
Sensible car laws!!! AAA has blood on their hands
That was a stupid comment.
@Airnick15 WHY DO CITIES NOT WANT US TO COME

Only yesterday, I drafted A Word for Today titled "The Best of Times, the Worst of Times" based on three recent incidences, now I'll add this one to the list.

This morning during Bible devotion I read Proverbs 23:10a: "Do not remove the ancient landmark".

These events are 1/2
happening because the good ancient landmarks are being removed. Whenever we weaken the foundation, the superstructure falls like a felled Douglas Fir. 2/2
My heart goes out to the families of these people. So weary of all the senseless violence world wide. Prayers Toronto.....stay strong and we stand with you
NOT terrorism unless proven to be Muslim. #RightWingPropaganda  #FakeNews #DoubleStandards
My  sympathies and prayers to all the families that were killed today in Toronto.
Opinion: Canada is in need of TRAVEL BAN to avoid future problems. #Toronto
to whom God will credit righteousness—for us who believe in him who raised Jesus our Lord from the dead. 25 He was delivered over to death for our sins and was raised to life for our justification. Romans 4

Repent Call on Jesus for eternal life u can be born again.
Hey @cnnbrk are you ready ??!??!??! Here comes Obamagate ! Hillary lynch McCabe Comey and oh yes Obama are under indictment !! Free at last free at last thank goodness America is free at last from these self-serving criminal hacks. Thank you @realDonaldTrump !
Prayers for all the victims, their loved ones, and for ,#Toronto 
Heartbreaking 

It’s all unraveling friends! Here’s the real collusion!!!@cnn #MAGA #DraintheSwamp #Trump https://davidharrisjr.com/politics/comey-memos-reveal-cnn-connection-to-dossier-leak/ …
Who drove?
damn 
CNN do the one job you have to do right, it was NOT a "collision". Get your facts correct before reporting.
Upsetting & disrespectful to the lives lost and loved ones left behind.


The Terrorist, not the man. Call it what it is you fucking cocksuckers
As a result of terrorism
it wasn't a muslim guys...so no terrorism..just a white guy with mental issues
Yeah ok 
CNN sucks.

Is it a man, driver, lone wolf or islamic terrorist??? Hey fake news, 14 states now have low unemployment rate.......President Trump approval rate now soaring to 51%, just keep ur russia collusion, stormy daniels and anti-trump agenda going, it’s helping......
So sad for those poor people and their families; be strong Toronto, we stand with you.
Where's the outrage and the march for banning these assault vehicles? We need to protect innocent people from this madness. No one needs all of that vehicle to get around alone! And call it what it is @CNN an Islamic terror attack. #MarchForOurLives
You can't be serious. This was an absolute horrible attack. But you shouldn't be talking about getting rid of cars.
Sorry, next time I'll tweet in sarcasm font.
Terrorist attack
I'd quench a red hot  rusty nail in his eye balls.....slowly.is that too harsh?
Try the ears/nostrils/under the finger nail first
Terrible
They should let the loved ones decide the punishments for each victim. It is Time to deter would-be attackers of this kind.
He was NOT previously known to police. Please report.this correctly.
Horrific and sad day for TO and Canada.
So sad
@cnnbrk headline says "Toronto Collision..." . Collision?  What crap!  The man intentionally and murderously ran them down!  Where's the collision in that?!

And of course you white supremists gonna blame Islam.
We must be safer and better than we were.
#yaAli
