Why is the @gop so damned corrupt. I mean yea.. all politicians harbor some angle of impropriety, but the republicans are just so bad and being caught!
They saw a gravy train and ran for it. Eventually,  it became normalized behavior. Democrats may not be completely averse to this behavior either. This is why superPACs and Citizens United must go. There must be very strict laws with respect to Congress accepting donations.
He should be in jail! If any one of us did that....we'd be doing time!! When is justice going to be consistent across EVERY person in the U.S.???
Don't let the door hit him on the way out! (& check his pockets)
Check his pockets, lol!

I thought Republicans got promotions for that?
Nah they just tell lies and deny it...and the evangelicals believe them and make posts about CNN being fake news...just watch it’s coming 

The party of "family values" strikes again.
Sounds like the swamp is gonna drain itself! #metoo
Since what he does in private is none of taxpayers business, then his deviance and perversion should not be the financial burden of taxpayers either.  Great choice to resign. Take onus of your misdeeds.
Do not collect $200.00, go straight to jail...
Did he also lie and say he would pay back the taxpayers?
Pennsylvania? Here I was thinking this story was about the Ohio Rep. who resigned for sexual harassment. There's SO MANY REPUBLICANS RESIGNING that it's hard to keep track of them all!
Well, there is the Texas Republican Rep Blake Farenthold, who finally resigned after his $85K taxpayer paid sexual harassment settlement, that he still has not repaid. 

Where is our money?
. If your going to use MY tax money to pay off a sexual harassment accusation I better be the one getting harassed...I want my money back. Good riddance.
Yep,he needs to pay back,and very glad he's out.
Jail time? Criminal charges? Please. Stealing is still a crime, yes?
' keep comin'! 

DEMOCRATS are Better Leaders.
I like the “although I would be exonerated” quote if you know you were “ok” then why leave? Oh yeah because it’s no where near “ok” and your 
Term limits!
Another one bites the dust
@BamaStephen My Lord These people are dropping like flies,but wait?????,but God!
Yet another  immoral crook.
What ? Another one bites the dust ?
If he's going to pay the money back, he should do it now. Waiting until 30 days after resignation seems like a repeat of Farenthold's failure to repay his $84k.
This is getting outta hand fr
“Family values”
I hope he doesn't try to walk away with out paying it back, like @RepFarenthold is trying to do...
...and another one gone, and another one gone............................
Hey, are you ready??
Yes indeed!
I really wish this is the kind of political climate in Nigeria.
Have you all forgotten John Conyers (Dem) who was forced to retire for exactly the same thing last year?  Not just a repub thing...
Yes, Sir you must payback the American People that you Stole from US!!!
Wonder when the Dems r going 2 start dropping off? How about those first 2go pay back their money,http://2.How  about the entire list b posted instead of dribbled?Will Dems b sex payouts or pedos?
If only #CadetBoneSpurs would do likewise we’d truly be on our way to #MAGA . @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse #pussygrabber #RobPorter #StormyDaniels @FLOTUS
And another one bites the dust...
@SenSanders @OurRevolution REMOVE ALL of these crooks who are using taxpayer money improperly! What about jail? If I'd been doing this while working for the city/county/state/government, I'd be arrested & put behind bars! Why isn't this being done to politicians & bankers?!
what's this country coming to? Not long ago, Congress made a practice of using taxpayer dollars to hide their sins. Poor timing Meehan!

Awwwww poor baby....
Aaannnddd? Is DT going to nominate him for VA head now? Sarcasm

Another one...when is the head predator resigning
The “Immoral Majority!”

we forget that these “civil servants” are the same as every other citizen and should be treated the same. do the crime, do the time.
Another adulterous white male from the good olde boys group! GOP
And another one bites the dust
I never want to hear the moral high ground of a gop person again

The sexual harassment part was fine, it’s using taxpayer money to settle that people don’t like.
gop rep patrick meehan, any chance ryan and mcconnell were in on your action!!
Another one bites the dust 

And another one gone...

And another one gone...

Another one bites the dust !
Smh. And the people that voted this regime in wanted to drain the swamp and what they did was create a lake of toxicity.
Oh, another proud representative of moral and family values...
KEEP YER GOD DAM HANDS TO YOURSELVES MEN OF POWER!
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Sooo if I steal other taxpayers money to pay my bills, will I too be under fire? Or am I going to jail?
Another fine man, by Trump’s standards, I suspect.
What is it about Republicans and sex? Somebody needs to sit them down and explain the birds and the bees.
Thoughts & Prayers. Bye, Felicia.
You can find bill Cosby guilt why ain’t the same apply to this man so he gets to resign and all is well and done we’re is justice in this case just saying
Why ain’t this man being put in jail allready
O
Holy shit.  What are these men doing in our government useing our money to pay off SEX TRIPS.  What the hell.  I am getting so tired of being raped by the people in office.  They do the crime use OUR money then retire live happy ever after. NO MORE ASS HOLES,  your going  down.
They pushed Al Franken out, time for Meehan to get out!
Trump will support him.  Somebody get COHEN ON THE PHONE.
he looks like a guy who while wearing a long trench coat would "flash" himself outside the 6th grade girls locker room after practice.........as per F and F.
There’s many many Congress and senators that did the same thing it cost the taxpayer millions of dollars. Trump may publish all there names
I remember when I thought being in politics was a vocation. That you were in it to make a difference. Now, the older I get, I realise that most of them are only in politics for what they can get out of it. This will not change until the need for money to get elected is removed.
All right wing politicians are corrupt. It’s only that some of them haven’t been found out yet.

Buh Bye.
Another republican bites the dust more coming
And all the OTHERS that used the "Slush Fund" to settle accusations? Where did that follow up reporting go? Are we picking and choosing who gets outed and who doesn't? Do you have any real reporters, CNN?
Monsters!!!

Do you have any honest Republicans? They are worse than the Tories (and some of Labour, Lib Dems, et al)
Being a sexual predator has to be a citeria for joining these thugs..
STORMY STAY STRONG!!!!!!!

He should make restitution now to us taxpayers out of his own money. I am sure he has a pocketful and will be getting a lucrative retirement.
Oh yes we have so much tax payers money we should let the politicians use it for having sex with anyone. Get a grip quit voting for them
With the JESTER at the helm I a sure he put money away for that exact reason
Another republican sexual predator
Isn’t that what the taxpayer money is for. At least the Pres uses his own... or Cohen’s.
Good!
...and did he write a personal check to cover it, or is he gonna ‘let it go’...? 
More Republican dirty politics
Ohhhhhhhhh BIG surprise.
#CorruptGOP #filltheswamp
WTF?!? Why is he not in jail?!?!? Taxpayer money to pay sexual harassment?!?!? This is regoddamndiculous
Well, he wouldn’t have been harassed if it weren’t for his job
Drain the swamp!!!!...be it Democrat or Republican, get rid of the blood suckets.
About time!
He looks mean
What an embarrassment
Another one? So disgusted with these people that use taxpayer funds to hush up their sins.
More should go
Needs to go
Typical Republican !!! Sex fiends
These guys are just plain immoral.
Laws must be applied equally. Resigning from his elected post will and should not exonerate him from his alleged crime. He should be tried and sentenced IF proven guilty

Yes, we should not be paying for his (or any other government employee’s) indiscretions.
what about the Democrap cesspool of payoffs
Make sure these clowns who have resigned do not get a pension!
All the president’s men
Typical behavior for my political party, why should we even be questioned.
Keep it in your pants son!
Proving once again. People who make bad decisions know No bounds. Rule Breakers are Playing with a totally different Playbook.
Good
Fuck retiring
There’s so many of them...
900 likes .. what an impact!! #CNNisFakeNews #CNNTalk
368 retweets way to go #CNNisFakeNews
If he did misused tax payers money then he should be in prison
Another GOPer curb stomped. Keep it up!
Join the club of lying cheating molesting Republicans who aren’t getting away with their crimes!
GET THAT FKN MONEY BACK
These jackasses need to resign.  We need to know their names snd they need to pay the money back!0
Please don't forget to mention the sex harassment allegations brought against UBER LIBERAL, AND NBC/MSDNC contributor Tom Brokaw today. Ok. Since fake news CNN is so quick to mention stuff about a GOP'er. Just be careful. Shit like this comes back to smack those in the face.
Hey!  If you don't mind, take Trump with you.  You two are two of a kind.
Dirty dog bye bye
more GOP crooks
Another Republican drained from the swap.
Whoopsie! 
Bye bye pal....
These men can't keep, their hands and thoughts to them selves...sad, disgusting must don't do nothing but cheat and get $$$ get votes and the rest of the day, prey on #women We need respectful men to women up in #Congress #WH  start back-slapping these creeps... they'll STOP!
Yeah! Yeah! What else is new? He can use his white privilege.
Bye bye SWAMP rat!
When is Farenholt paying us back as well? When is the GOP repaying Flynns donations? They're becoming the party of corrupt sexual abusers and harassers. The party of values indeed.
@RepMeehan Was it good?  An old comedian use say “the devil made me do it”, how about you?  You let a lot of people down.
What public funds will he use to pay back the $39K?
@mehan
He has more to hide than we know. An ethics investigation would send the skeletons flying around the room.
Just shows all of us even if we think we are not....are assholes. Who's next?
  It's open season on destroying politicians. By their own hands or by others. All politicians are the target.
Another day, another GOP sexual take down. Was it worth it?  #RepMeehan #herewegoagain
Bye bye Patrick.
More #GOPFamilyValues !
Good riddance! Reps/Dems voters should abandon politicians who do wrong things after being elected to serve the nation.
Another Republicrook bites it
Why do all GOP people look the same? Evil
Love the way some of these womanizers use tax payers money to buy off women after they attacked them.  Just like stealing funds from a cookie jar.  Two wrongs, neither prosecuted.
He should have to pay the taxpayers back any money used for settlements.
Please talk to Donald Trump.
Drip drip drip as the swarm drained!
He needs to keep his  pea pea in his paints!
Should be in jail
Yuck!!!!!!!! why do they always look like that?
#TheFleecingOfAmerica
Good
“And another one gone, and another one gone ... Another one bites the dust!” 
When do we see the rest of the slush fund list?  Why aren't you calling for that CNN?  Must be a lot of dems on it if you guys aren't screaming about it.
Considering all the Republicans that are resigning or just not running in Nov 2018, and that they represented the A team for thr GOP...
what kind of corrupt racist rapist pukes are left?  what does the B team look like for the GOP?
Who would have guessed? Shocked this happens in congress. Wow these men should get married or have families to avoid getting in the mud. Congressmen can't afford to pay a prostitute, poor guy.
GANG O' CROOKS !
MAY HISTORY REMEMBER U AND UR ANCESTORS !
Always a republican
what an ugly sob

Another good christian republican who couldn't keep his zipper up.
Paleeeze! Faithful, soul mate friend? If your wife falls for that she deserves you!
Ya him and 100 other members of Congress on both sides of the isle, get red of them all. #PurgeTheSystem
That’s embezzlement
Wow what a shock another gop crook who is so repressed he lives a life of lies and secrets. When will people learn conservatives are rotten at their core!
#familyvalues
Vote the thieves out.
He should be put in jail. That is essentially stealing money.

One swamp monster down, hundreds more to go.
I hope he's paying the taxpayers back before he resigns!
Crazy crazy crazy. Is this why Ryan got rid of house preacher.  Like to get real reason for that one. The money congress has spent on sexual impropriety could have helped fund healthcare. Shame on them.
A real man of god.
Isnt this stealing.... i hope he can’t just resign and not get charged for theft and fraud!
Who authorized the use of tax payer money @RepMeehan !  You belong in jail!
That's what the fine upstanding #RETHUGLICANS do!
He needed to settle on a sexual harassment suit ... and this is the one he settled on. Just $30 in Amazon Prime!

"An another one an another one an another one bites the dust"
Good ole GOP
Rest In Peace...
The fact that it's even allowed is fucking disturbing. Anyone who'd done this or anything like it should be removed from office.
Bye bye. Who wants to be next?
Another one bites the dust.


Ta Ta Loser!
Everyone taking advantage of the system , the 5th amendment, etc,http://etc.Law  needs to change and throw in jail all Of these smart a$$es
Rt Just In: DNI Reveals Clapper Admitted To Colluding With Tapper!

Well, well, well! The truth is finally coming out about many in the Democrat party!
JUST IN: House intelligence report reveals that former DNI James Clapper admitted to collude with CNN's Jake Tapper to spread discredited Steele dossier.
Sex scandals are coming hard and fast at Washington
Rt RIP Democratic fairy tale!

BREAKING: House Intel Releases Report On Russia Probe; One Sentence Is Sending SHOCK WAVES
Corruption!!

How do these ppl even have access to that money for personal use? Don’t you need authorization? Or is this corruption at many levels?
honesty goes a long way,
