Come on!? Brokaw?
Yet another icon excoriated on accusation, while the ‘Predator in Chief, Trump,’ carries on in spite of virtual proof that he assaulted women
>powerful
>rich
>Influential 
>male

Of course he sexual harassed someone.
Total BS.  20+ years later- a washed up reporter trying to get her name back in the news.  This has to stop - with sexual harassment you are guilty until proven innocent. Such a travesty
BREAKING: Sources tell Wired Sources that CNN's Jake Tapper met with former DNI James Clapper in January of 2016 to plan 'rollout' of Steele dossier, and how to maximize damage for then President-elect Trump.
He tried to kiss her twice?  Twenty to thirty years ago?
That sounds serious.
A guy that I put right up there with Walter Cronkite.... a man of integrity... god I hope this not true
Good!
Why?
There you go, Tom, being a man in the current era of anti-male female-group-retribution for 200,000+ years of species/gender-specific natural selection. It’s proven to have been a winning arrangement until now, when you are guilty by default, and innocence is not available.
23 years ago..why now?? MONEY.. plain and simple..
Lock him up
Nooooooooooooo!
Bullshit.  Where you been for 20+years.   They're seeing $$$$$.
umm...she not suing.......using your logic...clearly you think Cosby is Innocent  right? Oh and most of Trumps accusers are lying also right....they ARE suing just as cosby's did.
How does it feel to be guilty until proven innocent?  Your motto for years, shoes on the other foot now.  Hang him

If the female public insists on destroying all men for even once aggressively approaching a female ever in his life, get busy and make appointments for group hysterectomies. You won’t be needing those wasted parts, and who needs hormonal stresses anyway.
NBC allows this behavior, they threaten you with losing your job.
In the survival of the cleanest image why not
GOOD GOD, IS THERE A MAN IN POWER THAT DID NOT ASS GRAB?
Well, this completes his media contributions on a career.
ALARMING BEHAVIOR ONCE CONSIDERED COMMON NOW SEXUAL HARASSMENT AND A CRIME UNDER COURT JURISDICTION?  ONE WONDERS WOMEN WAITED DECADES TO REPORT?
A SISSY TOO???????? WOMEN S ARE GETTING DESPERATE....
#MeToo spares no one except for the moment DJT bc now his republican enablers r protecting him. but his day will come as well just like #BillCosby
Can't say i am surprised here.
Why?
Maybe he can share a cell with Mr Bill!
Hey? What's next? Someone is going to accuse the president of the United States of sexual stuff. Nah! America would never elect such a despicable individual.
What you mean he’s just an old P—- grabber ,who would have guessed
not another one
Hmmmm, interesting!   No comment?
Saw this coming, no doubt in my mind
I sit, Duly Noting.
Is Walter next?
I hope this is bullshit... Tom come on!
I cannot believe it.   Sike, I believe 100%
Wow
OMG!
tell those women to get a life.stop the bandwagon
Hope your wife,daughter or sister never get assaulted. Then,I guess it's not bullshit.
This is getting ridiculous they are going back 30yrs. WTF
This is starting to become a disturbing trend. Anyone can accuse anyone and nobody is safe from being accused.
@cnnbrk Are you kidding  Cosby  and now Brokaw.

@cnnbrk no way. Cannot be true.
Oh no , not another one

Even Martha went to jail -
Another #sexualallegation. Wow SMH.
Thought he was gay.
The “Trumpsters” are busy again.
It's about time
What an asshat

Damn going need a jail just for celebrities
Another sex scandal
#TomBrokaw
No not Tom Brokaw
I hope don’t wanna get a it is going swell ok

Hopefully this can be resolved healthy on both sides
