Guess I'll hold onto to my fusion hybrid forever. Apparently Ford gives no fukks about the earth after all. The fusion hybrid is gold. I avg 46-48 mpg
I love my Fusion too, this is my second. My first is well over 200k  and still driven by my daughter. @Ford you really  made me hate you! Forcing people to drive Toyota's and Kia's
I really planned on buying fusion hybrids for the foreseeable future but guess not. I see SO MANY on the road so idk why this makes sense for them to do.
Honestly ford should phase out all vehicles. POS transmissions. Waste of money.
Lol must be a slow Honda driver 
Lol no. A Suburban Hyundai or Volvo will suffice. I don't ride around in lowered cars that sound like shit.
They didn't do their market research in Staten Island, then. Every other car on the road here the last couple years has been a Fusion.
Apparently the math doesn’t add up. If you were making 100,000 cars a year, and only selling 25,000, would you still keep wasting capital on that model? Smart money says no.
Bad decision. Price of gas is going up...
Lol buy a Prius
I will. So will my wife. I’ve been a Ford loyalist for years, and prefer sedans. My Fusion hybrid is an awesome car, reliable, good looking, efficient. When it comes time for replacement, I’m not buying an SUV.
Interesting/Bold move by Ford. I am starting to love it.
Japanese and European cars are just better.
FINALLY......they had the worst looking cars on the road!  And we all know what FORD really means: Fix Or Repair Daily!  IMHO they made garbage cars....their trucks weren't bad according most folks I know that own one........just sayin.
This headline, while factually true, is incredibly misleading.
What’s misleading? Both the headline and the article say Ford is keeping 2 cars (though you could argue that the count is really 1, since the crossover isn’t a car). Oh, were you thinking “car” and “automobile” were synonymous?
My point is most people will think they are synonymous. Someone just scrolling by will see the headline and think they’ll never see Fords on the road again. When actually they’re just getting rid of 3 fairly unpopular sedans and hatchbacks. This is just clickbait is my point.
I didn't see it as a click bait.  I can't see how you did.
Note the amount of retweets this story got compared to everything else tweeted by this account. People carelessly scrolling think this is big news. There’s a reason the headline wasn’t “Ford drops 3 sedans from lineup”. I think you overestimate the intelligence of twitter users.
Bring back the bronco!!
They are
@Ford This is so unfortunate! I can't believe the Fusion is gone!! This is my third Ford car and second Fusion, and I loved them all. I told myself I won't drive anything else other than Fusion until I can't longer drive. This is so upsetting.  Now I'll be forced to drive Toyota
Interesting, and it makes sense. Seems like this mix shift would make it hard to meet cafe requirements though.
So not getting into self-driven car market?
Odd other MFGs have no problem selling cars. @Honda @Toyota @Bmw . Maybe @Ford should just make cars that people want.
They do, the F-150. It outsells every make and model in the world.
Very true, plus mustang is 
Makes sense. I love seeing the guy in the burbs with a huge super duty work truck who pays someone to do his yardwork.
Well guess I am going Chevy for the next car, so sad.
Ford will keep Taurus and Mustang for police vehicles. They run the North American police market. They aren't just giving that up.
If you look there are more police spec Explorers on the street the Taurus’s
Why?!?!?!? I was looking into buying the Fusion hybrid!  Not everyone wants or needs a ‘utility’ vehicle or can afford one.  Stupid move on Fords part.
I love my Fusion, this is my second one. I told my self ill be driving Fusions until I can't no longer drive, and I'm 44 now. 
@Ford you really disappointed me
Phrases for Ford to Google: market cycle, correlation between gas price and vehicle size, correlation between unemployment and vehicle sales. 

This could be a disaster if market sentiment changes back to smaller cars during the next market downturn.
Typical short term gasbag CEO thinking - forget long term planning for sustenance through down cycles and chase short term stock price ticks for idiot investors chasing a short buck. No rainy day thinking at all, and they’re abandoning sedan buyers like me.
Ehh.... is about as much emotion as I have over the decision of Ford to drop sedans. However, The Bronco is coming back! Now that is important news! Santa if your reading this I prefer black w/leather seats! #FordBronco #FordNation #itsjustgaswewillmakemore #Bronco2020
Haven’t heard! Maybe Ford will let me drive one as an Advertiment!! Lol!
I bought a C-max in 2017 and I LOVE IT!! I get 60mpg in town. They dumped that model last year and now the rest of the sedans. Well.....now I am going to @chevrolet for my next car. I want a Bolt!!
They’re phasing out sedans as well. More slowly than Ford, but Ford is sitting on a lot more $$$ than GM.
Chevy is increasing production of the Bolt in 2018. Plus they are committed to clean energy vehicles. Ford....not so much which is sad. Ford did so well with the Cmax model line.
Hmm...CNBC reported they were shifting focus away from sedans.
Demand for the Bolt is rising worldwide. I believe the Bolt is technically classified as a crossover.
Ahh! That would explain it! I honestly don’t have anything against sedans, I just haven’t owned one since I was 17...lol. I like knowing that I have AWD or 4wd with low range when I need it. But, I suppose it depends on where you live. We’re out in the country so it’s a must!
I live in ND so trucks EVERYWHERE. I can't stand buying gas so I drive a hybrid. I get anywhere from 40-60mpg in town and 40 on the highway.
I am sorry #Ford have you seen the price of #gasoline in Canada lately? You spent years developing great cars and efficient engines now its all about SUV's?
Great move !!!  Company lose on cars alone is huge !!!! Crossover suv and trucks get great gas mileage now , so why feed a dying horse
Gas prices are going up! Consumers will start buying smaller cars for better gas mileage. @Ford will regret this decision. Bring in new designers. Be innovative. Be proactive. Don’t just give up!
@Aflanni interesting move...
Yes - especially since oil is hitting $100 a barrel soon (according to news).  I can't think why demand for gas guzzlers would rise.
WTAF — I remember when every other traveling sales rep in AMERICA drove a beige Ford Taurus...

...and no more FLEX FUEL Ford Focuses? Is it because Scott Pruitt relaxed emissions rules?

Didn’t Henry Ford INVENT the passenger car? 

I have a headache
Flex fuel yields less power and mileage vs pure gas.
Was their decision influenced by the driver-less car craze?
Only trucks and suvs- you guys in the US are the biggest polution and environment destroyer of the world. Smart, small and elektro cars are the future...
...dot heads in India are- and without thd volume of cars.
They're going to Focus their effort in a more viable sedan market.

...

...

Mustang pun.
Noooooo!!!!
So how is Ford going to race in NASCAR, without a sedan?Mustang?
They forgot to mention that FORD actually means Fixed or repaired daily or Found on the road dead! I used to own Ford trucks so I speak from experience. Numerous repairs!!Never again!
Ford should drop out all together.  I wouldn't drive a vehicle with a nazi supporter's name on my vehicle.
[Whisper]  no one is buying them... its the worse sedan line up in the industry. I stop buying Ford in the 2000s. Mustang and trucks the only thing they can do right.
Love my Mustang GT!
The US Government, DOT, EPA & CAFE has regulated the Sedan out of existence.
That doesn't make sense? If anything it's deregulation that caused this. When fleet mpg requirements become lower, automakers can sell more gas-guzzling vehicles.
That doesn't make sense. How many years does it take to design a car, develop a fleet of various sized cars? How many billions of$ were spent trying to reach unobtainable MPG? By time new gas guzzlers to market, will there be another democrat potus again raising CAFE regulations?
I don't understand your original point of epa, cafe, and others "regulating the sedan out of existence." Higher fleet mpg requirements = more fuel efficient sedans/compacts and less trucks. Lower fleet mpg requirements = less fuel efficient sedans/compacts and more trucks.
FORD can go ahead with that ... Volkswagen needs the business  (and they build better cars)
Good their cars are shit anyways    @Ford #worstever
Okay mr. Prius 
It’s about time. Ford sedans are shitty. And ugly.
Then they need some better SUVs then
They could seriously drop everything but the trucks and still outsell most automakers.
Customers want SUVs... Yeah no one who is remotely conscious about our world... But I guess these are Ford buyers so that explains plenty
Yeah until gas prices surge.
It seems that it has time to watch these scenes on this link and published more than once

على مايبدو انه قد وقت هذه المشاهد الوراده على هذا الرابط والتي نشرتها اكثر من مره
https://www.facebook.com/casbar.moussa/posts/1897406293856727 …
Well,  now I'm going to hold on to my ST, because that car is gold.
It's fwd though.. I'd trade it for an RS, and quickly.
@BNRautoshow oei
@Ford Keep the regular focus in your lineup.  It’s a great car and as soon as gas prices or interest rates inch up a little sales will go up.  Please don’t come asking us taxpayers for a bailout.
I hate when companies appeal to brain dead, boring ass SUV, crossover, and truck owners.
Most of the Fusions and Focus are foreign anyways!
I’m on my second Taurus which I love! Just bought an escape to carry my older dogs. It’s nice but it isn’t as comfortable or get as good gas mileage as the Taurus. Really really hate this
Him, I thought these businesses learned from the #Coke2 debacle.
As a Ford family with four kids under 10, we have no use for cars anyway.
Are you sure this isn't inverted? Why put $ in big gas guzzlers? Smaller more efficient cars are where $ is going to come from
Crossover SUVs are glorified station wagons.
All I'm saying is hurry up and get them Ford's down here in #NZ, they closed the #Ford factory in Australia 2 Years ago. Finally affordable #Mustangs for everybody.
So why did it reboot the Taurus? I see them Everywhere so I know they sold!!
Which stems from most passenger car interest being in electrics.
 Also, it does not cost much more to make an suv than a sedan, but they charge 2x as much.
Chase the profits, leave the electrics to @Tesla @Toyota @NissanUSA and the others. Oh yea, try to corner "smart cities" too
Wow that's really stupid.  Why not make better cars?  Not everyone wants an SUV or a sports car.
 Chance •• #NCAAGolf •• 3 Syrian army◇tanks are damaged○during the ongoing◇confrontations with○Isl¡amic☆Sta¡te fighters in◇Qadam neighborhood○in southern Damascus
 Chance ;; #NCAAGolf ;; 11 Nusayri Army's<Personnel are Killed<after Their Failed<Attacks Towards the<South of Dimashq https://twitter.com/6ay8zv63j5o5nn1/status/989283151561351168/photo/1pic.twitter.com/SARdfWueib 
ୌ Chance ହ #NCAAGolf ହ Source in the IslamicପState's Military to Amaq:
The deathିtoll of the killed regimeିsoldiers in Tadamunିneighborhood inିsouthern Damascusିrises to 16
♧ Chance •• #NCAAGolf •• 3 Syrian soldiers~are sniped and killed●in Tadamun neighborhood~in southern Damascus
》 Chance = #NCAAGolf 》Two Federal Police\elements were\killed in confrontations\with Islamic☆State fighters,\south of Daquq, in\Kirkuk
The hot hatch is a beautiful thing sad to see it go
Cars are not trucks or SUV's or Van's...not misleading. If they said "vehicles" then it would be.
I guess @FiatChrysler_NA was the leader on this after all? Not really a future in the gas commuter car anyway. Everyone will have a subscription to an electric fleet in 5 years.
I paid $3.33 a gallon for gas today.. I don't see it going down again anytime soon. I believe @Ford will regret this decision
Ford has always been horrible! Gm for that part! Look around more foreign than anything!
This is fascinating, and I can't help but think it's directly related to the "not green" perspective of the current administration.  I believe Ford will regret this decision in the longer term.

That’s a really good idea
I just bought a 2018 Honda Accord. 2.0T. I never even thought of a Ford.
@PisserKisser
As far as I’m concerned, most SUVs and crossovers ARE cars. Chill CNN.
Awe damn so much for that Taurus...
Pandering to #AmericanOilCompanies I support @Kia
Either you like cheap cars or you don't support American companies 
No, Kia is a #SouthKorean company, which creates jobs in America. Their cars are energy efficient and have 100,000 mile warranty. I do not support unnecessary gas guzzlers. Get it right.
Folks, Ford’s not the only automaker adjusting to what the market dictates.
Stupid
Really 
Pretty sure it’s not because people don’t like cars. It’s just that they don’t like Ford cars. The Taurus has been the ultimate “I gave up on any hope of having a sense of style” car for 20+ years.
@RickVargas58

Detroit hasn't made a decent car since 1969.
And what car was that?

That car is a thing of beauty.
Smart move! Unless you’re totally clueless on market trends, the sedan is a dying segment. With turbocharged V6 engines you’re matching and sometimes beating the MPG’s that you get from sedans.
It's not all about mpg's there's a certain satisfaction you get from opening up a cars engine that you don't get with a v6
Yay Trump awesome job creation! #sarcasm #DrainTheSwamp #trumpistheswamp
The dry clutch in the Focus ruined a nice little car but turning it into death trap. Not surprising they are getting rid of them.
Wait. Where is a @Ford? Oh, he was that Canadian crack Mayor. Cool. Now what?
Ford when gas prices go back up 
Okay Mr. Prius 
I Love my Focus!!! Focus, fiesta & fusion need to stay. Loose the Escape, the one I owned was awful.
Here's how to buy a car at the dealership and beat the salesman...
@Gee_Dad @SperryGary this Company is a joke with no clue what it's doing.
Really? Dropping unprofitable product lines is a joke? My only problem with this is when gas prices hit $4 $5 and $6 and people are looking for fuel efficient cars again
That's the point. The product development cycle is years and years and you can't predict when gas prices will shoot up. They have no foresight.
Unless they plan on all of their vehicles having > 30 mpg, I don't understand it
Wtf what about the Taurus
What will that mean for jobs??
Most the factories are out of Country. Dealerships probably won't change much. But if a person chose to work for them over Toyota or a better brand, their own fault. Ford's been f**king employees for decades & no one does nothing about it.
Almost all of Ford’s factories for vehicles sold domestically are in the United States. The Transit Connect and I believe the Focus are built outside of the US.
Have proudly supported Ford products in the past. However the Focus is too small for me and the Mustang is a horrible choice to drive in the winter months. Disappointed I can’t shop Ford in the future.
is that all theyre keeping?
For sedan versions, yes. Basically will be shifting attention to SUVs, trucks and commercial vehicles
People still buy sedans. There just don't buy Ford sedans.
 check too
Holy  The car company that put US on the map will sell just 2 cars in America.

Times they are a changing.
 read the article
SUV is not a car?
China has stolen our tech, stopped our exports, dumped over $15 trillion in goods here, forged ties with Russia  to defeat us, yet US leaders will do nothing but COLLUDE with that cheat Xi Xingping
Gross.
Ok Grandma 
Excuse me?
huh?
I saw the new expedition. I wouldn’t have bought for 1/4 the price they are selling it for ... Uuugaallyy !
Just like a Prius 
Rick Wilson everything he touches!
Woah! @steeletalk You guys should talk about this as it’s huge news. How will this impact the Canadian economy?
Ford GT??
Already sold out.

Ford makes cars? Who knew!
