Sadly, only powerful African American men are being hanged....as usual!
You are a racist, no doubt.
The one THING all THESE women 
Have in COMMON is they all want
ATTENTION because they are so 
UGLY AND THIS IS THE ONLY WAY
PEOPLE WILL LOOK AT THEM
WITHOUT LAUGHING!!!!
@hannibalburess congrats on all your hard work
Only God really knows what happened because only God see the truth about the whole matter
under that logic, no person can ever be convicted of any crime unless it was committed in the courtroom.

also there is no god.
Excuse me ?? How do you know?? How can you be sure ??
You mean that "lack of ANY evidence whatsoever" thing?
you are free to believe in god, and 2 of every animal on an ark, and heaven/hell, flying reindeer, etc if that's what floats your boat. 

your believing doesn't make any of it true.
I was explaining to the person how we could "know" there probably was no kind of god whatsoever. 
I.E. lack of any evidence for a god.
np, same page  
Ok, I thought you were addressing me  &, as an atheist, I don't harbor beliefs in myths like god(s) etc. 
Jail
He drugged women to have sex. All other allegations were mutual, Including Bill Clinton who is the worst of all, going back to his days as governor. that’s the difference
Well look at that!!  A rich celebrity can be found guilty of sexual assault. I wonder what Donald is thinking??? @realDonaldTrump @RWPUSA @ananavarro
Trump is next!
#WitchHunt
Show me the !!!
Ha!
Why they didn’t try Donald trump

They gave it up then turn around and su
Can't wait to see you in jail you predator!!!!!
They wouldn't be getting hung if not for stupid allegations decades after they allegedly happened. Its just bs.
I can not even look at him.  To think I so loved the Cosby Show. I cannot even watch the reruns.
But Iam sure u voted for trump. Smh

Your actions were not good Mr Cosby, but I still love you! You are forgiven in my book.
I wonder if the lady will give back the 3 million dollars she got for settling the case years ago when she didn't accuse him ! Same old same old for the black men they don't stand a chance  automatic conviction !
Wow,
I think he received proper justice.
cant believe it ....
Do you mean that you don’t think he did it?
Bill Cosby wearing his "OhHell" Face. Good Lawyering will only get you so far, Bill. What in God's name were you thinking?
Does he even really Get all the damage he is done to so many Souls? I doubt it. At age 80 he is Still not too Old to spend time in Jail and really be All Alone with Just his thoughts so he can Focus on his Crimes. No special Treatment. None.
Where was this movement for our ancestors of black women who were raped babies ripped from their wombs sold into slavery infected with every std you can name torn from her husband and raped at the masters will ,we as black women have to make up jobs to survive this world is sick
@phbagli A flight risk lol?
He has a lot of money.
That’s ironic. Accused serial rapist get capital punishment and serial murders...(you know who you are) get ATTENTION!! The judicial system in America is biased.
it took several tries so this case will always be tainted :(  He's hardly a flight risk.  I'm sure the fact he's rather Republican plays some into this.  Not sure how much..   The main witness is not credible.  The alternates they allow were. And I think thats why it came up gilt
Seriously??? I doubt his politics played a role. Give me a break.
seriously.. Kinda like a duh. See Trump
Funny how EVERYONE waited 30 something years to report a rape.
All I have to say is     PIG
Bill Cosby lifetime probation
Cosby, Stills & Gnash!

I would probably would have said the same thing against the prosecutor.

Cosby is 80, where in Sam Hell would he go? Everyone in the world knows him. The defense got what they thought was a fair decision. Cosby is appealing the decision which requires him to stay around.
Bill Cosby will never go to jail. He will fight  this until the day he dies. His lawyer said he really believes Bill is Innocent. That’s Called being paid to believe what your real Conscious cant except but for Money you believe anything.
I don’t see Bill Cosby as a rapist... This man was a pioneer in a field that opened the doors for African Americans in Prime Time, all positive shows, cartoons and comedy. Everybody in the industry say “You’ll never leave the industry Clean”. 
Old enemies have their revenge
He was right dude was being an asswhole... He’s Bill Cosby and he’s 80 where the fuck he gone go. Another reason I don’t believe this is if this had of came out back then it would have been a media circus. I believe something happened but it wasn’t rape. More like blackmail.
@SDiddy87 I am cracking up picturing him doing this 
Justice served enough said
Every man out there has the same potential as Cosby. Given the power and opportunity many men would be similar. It is sad.
Good it was about time!
#huxtabullshitter
Yay, #BillCosby guilty!!!  #BillCosbyTrial #BillCosbyisarapist #BillCosbyFoundGuilty
I hope his wife divorces him,his kids disown him and he dies alone and forgotten behind bars.
Well the  finally hit the fan. Ha. I figured.
Uhhh Bill you ARE a flight risk.
They been after this man now he a flight risk.Really
So you mean the rumors(20 yrs ago) about his weakness were true
What a shame
Don’t care who it is, if guilty, prosecute.  Now, what about Hillary????  Social status is irrelevant.
Bill Cosby is not Mr. Huxtable.
Moses said unto he, let my people go
Pay the price
He is!!!!
This asshole is healthy enough to head straight to prison. And wasn’t it amazing to walk out to his truck with literally no help with his cane or with the help of his lawyer. Hmm, looked a little ironic to me.
True colors comes out. Perv...
Dirty old man
Glad they found that PERV guilty....lock em up (ail)!
How sad when woman can't stand for themselves ? This is not a #metoo movement this shows women cannot stand alone. Until that happens any man is a target.
Y Donald Trump not going
Damn. He never touched my pudding pop
So what? Trump and his Cohorts of Assaulters and Abusers have shouted, tweeted and said worst on Television and over the telephone. Simmer down with the hypocritical hyperbolic Rantings.
MY QUESTION IS, WHAT ARE WE DOING ABOUT HIM??? HIS(45) GROPING OF WOMEN AND MUCH MORE!!!!
Ok when we gonna see his ass go
His nose is too big for his face
Haul-@$$ Huxtable aka Bill Cosby
Are his balls gone  ?
Not so smiley and self assured now are you?????  Good day for justice!
Of course he is.
All I know is the woman got a 3 million dollars years ago yet she comes back years later and accuses him of rape ! I just don't understand this whole thing !
This is the 1st time he's ever been held responsible for abusing others. Of course he pitched a fit!

Most powerful men act this way when they have to face the reality that the women they've abused, used and ignored are actually human beings with rights, voices and lawyers.
The real Cosby coming out. Justice delayed but not denied is such an appropriate term in this matter.
Swearing at the prosecutor? Man, Fat Albert, you like school on a Sunday.
BASTARD

No one is above the law, except white cops, white politicians, white directors . Etc
Money grubber wins
Its suppose to be after fame comes gain not shame... Billy wots going on????
He ain't no flight risk.
Even if he goes to prison it will be a  minimum security and he will be kept away from the other inmates
This is bullshit! I don't know how you can sue someone over shit that happened 30 & 40 + years ago. Courts & Judges & straight up retarded if they never heard of or obey the Statute Of Limitations law....
Cosby shows his true colors.
#convict the network of supporters that helped him conceal his crimes!!!! #mentalhealth #theyarenothuman #predators #pervert #me-too

Wow! Sounds like a SicK Romnce!Asshole!
NA NA NA  EH EH GOODBYE......SICK-O !
 hope you go to jail straight to  jail  you can't beat the truth .So watch out now you'll know how it feels when you go to jail how these woman felt... don't bend over ha ha Bravo for the truth
He did nothing wrong! Liberals are always screaming rape
Vieze vent snap niet dat zijn vrouw hem nog steun na die commotie.
Flight risk,,,wow is this the moment BLM and the METOO movement duke it out
Not a word about this?
Of course not !
So what we learned today...if your famous and cause a scene in cout you get to still go home.
DONALD TRUMP (POTUS) has done WORSE ! ! ! This isn't about Radical Feminism....it's RACISM ! U didn't get OJ & MICHAEL JACKSON......so a Geriatric BILL COSBY is fair game !

No attack, no victims, no chem weapons: #Douma witnesses speak at #OPCW briefing at The Hague (VIDEO) https://on.rt.com/9448  
That outburst confirms what a control freak he is,lock him up and throw away the key
Roger Ales, Bill Cosby, Roy Moore, Bill O Really, Donald Trump....all sexual deviants!
Do you think Cosby will get sexually assaulted in prison?? Hmm......
What an awful end to such a great entertainment career @BillCosby It makes me sad. #BillCosby
Justice  for 1 victim , 79 others
Maybe Fat Albert will bring him some Jell-O pudding pops in prison.
#HelloBill @BillCosby
Wow!! WTH!!!
The situation is bad all the way around but I could not resist a pudding pop joke there will be an endless supply where he's going. This has nothing to do with race or Trump, only right and wrong. Victims never forget!!! And Trauma lasts a lifetime..
So sad. Toooo BAD!!!!!!!
Billy you deserve what you got. Rott in jail because....
One Bill down, one to go.
#ReleaseTheTexts #NoRedactions
Filth flarn filth!
He just need some Jello.
Lock him up and throw away the key!
Why would anyone expect anything less from this piece of trash? He has gotten exactly what he deserved and will die in prison. He used his 'fame' to abuse, humiliate and RAPE women for DECADES. God was watching, Cosby and now you're going to reap His wrath.
Point is why would a man have sex with an unconsciousness woman?
Cosby has had a nasty mouth FOR YEARS. He alao likes to berate young Black men/rappers. Where have y'all been?
Only reason R Kelly hasn't been convicted too is because he didn't touch white women; it's a shame that the #Metoo movement doesn't work the same for black women. They said nothing about that Queen getting her breasts ripped out at Waffle House by the police! #sadtruth #BillCosby
Awww,  Poor baby!  I thought he did not use foul language!  I guess that was as long as he was getting his way!  So happy for all of the victims who can rest assured that this psychopath will be behind bars!
GO TO JAIL. Do not pass GO and do not collect pudding pops.
True colors when truth revealed

This is the first STAND UP he swears in

Israel seals Arroub University entrance to prevent student access & attacks residents with tear gas & live ammunition https://english.palinfo.com/33720 
The legacy has gone away . Please lock this creep up .
cellmates will proly not administer sedatives before turning the tables on the coz
Was done in the dark, will always find a way to shine. He done so much. That when u see it, you mite go blind.
Cole

Bill Cosby raped me with a Jell-O Pudding Pop

Fine that you report this but your female reporter saying "asshole" on the air is still an FCC violation. Not smart.
Judge should have found Cosby in contempt of court and sent him to jail! He still thinks he can do whatever he wants to do with no consequences!
It's called "confusing the enemy"
How’s a blind man gonna be a flight risk
https://twitter.com/QueenBDivine/status/989595909645193216 …
He's acting like he's above the law. Finally justice!!! Good for the victims. He deserves nothing except of a tiny little cell in jail.
Lock him up
All the good things the man had accomplished in life are muted. Justice? Not by a longshot.
Like what?  Not trying to be snarky, just interested.
Money&Power can bring shame to any human being trying to harm others.@Rabbi_Debbie
Don't drop the soap...
You know what they say: The past may come back to haunt you, plus crime doesn't pay.
@JohnKincade
Lock this skum bag up!!!!
Now Andrea Constant needs to take his $$$$$$$$$$$$$$.
i love how he puts on a show for the jury by looking pitiful and frail. then when the world doesn't work the way he wants, he is magically healed.
You have that right
With a sad heart I hear a soft, slow, almost pained "Hey, hey, hey", and a tear coomes to my eye. I remember the great comedy.  His behavior has injured it beyond repair. Goodbye Fat Albert.

Well, one thing I know is only God a clue @realDonaldTrump
They just wanted to humiliate him!!
Good riddance
Ted Nugent next?
For decades I've had to watch that hack act like he's so awesome and perfect in every way. People like that ALWAYS have skeletons in their closet.
Glad I lived long enough to see that smug bastard finally being humbled as his whole diseased world is demolished around him. #Karma
And he did not think he did anything wrong

#greetings; Life can be hard, that's ok ...#PUSH forward #EVERYDAY ...ONELOVE https://youtu.be/sPtyVhQ1noA  #lifelessson #MentalHealthMatters ##LifeLessons #poems #WednesdayMotivation #poetrycommunity…
MAGA
He’s a real class act. Money can’t buy morals
Hey hey hey fat albert goes to the pen
Fraud. His entire life was a lie.
I wonder if he will get the same sentence as Brook Turner.
Think this was set up these ladies that banged him wanted money he didn’t give them now they cry rape woman 30-40 years younger then this old timer
That would be the slowest getaway in history. Bill Cosby is in his 80s and can barely walk unaided. The court needs to use some common sense.
Planes trains and automobiles
How seriously disgusting that justice either never comes for some or beats the hell out of the victims for this many years or longer? Don't tell me about "doing the right thing"! If YOU ALL DID THE RIGHT THING THIS WOULD NOT HAVE TAKEN 14 FRIGGING YEARS! #BillCosby  #metoo
He said she said
doesn't work when everyone said
paying her off doesn't work either
shut up money meaningless
be happy there was justice finally
He was all jokes and laughs going in to court yesterday.  He thought he would always be above the law.
Get his passport NOW. Before he travel to Jelloville
Take a seat Heathcliff, you're done.
HOW DID HE KNOW WHAT DIRECTION TO YELL?!?!  POOR GUY IS BLIND!
.

Hey! Hey! Hey! #BREAKING #BillCosby #BillCosbyGuilty #BillCosbyTrial #GUILTY #MeToo #trial #ThursdayThoughts #Thursday #heyheyhey #cartoon 

He better tell names of any others rat out
Wow. Didn't know the Cos was now working blue.
Ok NO ONE TELL KANYE!
Black people never take responsibility
Nasty man.
if you don't think Cosby is a flight risk, you're nuts, he makes Paul Manafort look like a Boyscout with the millions he is worth, and how little time he has left to live, get real, he's outta here, I think I saw Al Cowlings warming up the Bronce
Oh what a GUILTY verdict does to the GUILTY!
Cuss them all out... Wasting my tax money on a case when there's murders running free and a half witted idiot in the white house who has openly sexually harass and degrade women
Fat Albert, the pimp is going to prison!!

39 years later OMG
When will H arvey Weinstein  pay for his crimes?
There is no doubt that Cosby thought he would be found not guilty based on his charm and being a celebrity--and his lawyer screwed him by not negotiating a guilty plea-paid these women huge compensatory damages-to stay out of prison

Men with power think they can get by with everything and anything.  here we are: The truth always comes out.  Bill Cosby is truly a sick man.
Well how do you except somebody to respond?!?!?!?!
