Like you take news cares haha
He is responsible for millions of killings in #Iraq
So was Obama
US is involved in crimes against humanity since the start of 20th century and still is carrying out. I don't know US govt has what kind of enmity with humanity
You're a crime against humanity.
While I would not politically agree with this man on the color of the sky I don't think he is long for this world. There are some couples that just can't survive without each other and based on my limited knowledge he and Barbara are that kind of couple.
War criminals
It is the law of karma that is working on bush...killing of innocent people in the middle east
God bless the Bush family
No matter who you are your father first thanks to president Junior.
He wasn't tough, he was ignorant, just like Obama and Trump are
George Bush, soon you will meet all those you killed in Iraq including Saddam Hussein
https://youtu.be/TVpUoKLTtYQ  he passed away

Best wishes Mr President.
Good to hear. Feel better, Pres. Bush.
Such great news.
This man is tough as nails.
Hierba mala nunca muere
God Bless him.

God be with him!
that's good, I hope he's getting the best health care my money can buy. In the meantime my in laws will die as paupers as they have run through all of their savings by living too darn long.
wow, this pic is amazing
I wonder what he’s infected with..
I admire this caption,a president pushing a wheelchair chair of a former president not security details. Blood is thicker than water: it's true
At 93 the longest living President according to a family spokesman is responding to treatments  and appears to be recovering.
Blood infusions from children, do the trick?

Our justice system is corrupt. It is impossible to understand how #Flynn  was indicted and #McCabe not.  I wonder what Martha Stewart must be  thinking
everyone has to die one day , it doesn't matter how much powerful you are.
everyone will give answer to GOD ,about all actions what everyone did in this world.
I want him to feel all the pain he caused to the innocent peoples before he dies.
Get well soon
Bless his broken heart.
Hes a survivor
ifb
