I'll pass, thank you.
Please stop covering these
Ha. The tough guy @POTUS who would run into a school shooting without a weapon isn’t brave enough to go to the Correspondents Dinner!

No thanks. I’m going to watch the #CorrespondentsDinner instead. #RealNews
Who cares? How is this possibly “news worthy”?
So sorry.  Scheduled cleaning my kitty litter box for the same time as his rally.
Here is the wrap up:
Lock her up
Electoral College win
Fake news
Build the wall
No one but me can fix it
Make fun of someone with a disability
Dems are the problem
Obama cause all of it.

There, now you don't have to watch it and be more disgusted than you probably already are.
Isn’t it weird when the only people not paid to be at a “rally” are the press? #TrumpRally #paidsupporters

HA, could not pay me to go or watch his lying DICKASS!!!

 that pretty much puts it into prospective.
Don't show his campaign-style rally, your only feeding in what he wants. Just ignore it.
We'll pass - tired of listening to the @POTUS lies and put downs of good people while trying to destroy our 2nd amendment - he'll be gone by 2020 if not sooner!


Thank You Mr Trump for coming out tonight and letting us know how things are going, 
Thanks for chillin with us  !!!!!
Who cares?  Cover dark money behind R extremism. cover daily destruction of country by Devos, Pruitt, Mulvaney, Ryan, Zinke, Carson
Only a select few care most of us aren’t one of them
He shows desperation...
Keep it
I have a case of bourbon; Drink every time he says Disgrace or Strong or Disaster or Beautiful or Sad or Reciprocal or Great People or We’ll See What Happens #TrumpCrimeFamily
You are going to be one drunk hombre....
Get him out of my state!!! #ImpeachTrump
Please don't show it. We want to see real American 
heros at the Correspondents Dinner.
Thank you for the laugh. The combination of real american heroes and correspondents really did it 
Woodward & Bernstein were there last year.
Watching now, what a great man & great President
Campaign for? Impeachment I hope
I see the same one blk man behind him.  As always. Sad.

He is buying the Nobel peace prize..from PUTIN..
Waste of tax payer money.  I suppose he will fly to Florida after this.
Well, I don't blame Trump for skipping the Correspondents Dinner---most everyone in attendance dislikes and distrusts him.  And he is too thin-skinned to sit through an evening with people who aren't sucking up...
*Klan rally
Why?
Hard Pass!
I use to turn off TV when Obama was on, but when President Trump is on I watch and I learn just how corrupt the media and Democrates truly are.  President Trump is a true leader that loves and cares about America and Americans.
“Now repeat after me! My words are extremely BIGLY”-                             “Lock her up! Lock her up” -
You must be listening to CNN and other Fake News which is exactly why he needs to hold these events.
I think he'd prefer to rally all the time rather than do President work. He's so needy for adoration and a rally is an instant fix.
Is this on the taxpayers dime?
Trump doesn’t know how to lead...he only knows how to campaign! He can’t lead cuz he’s unable to work and get along with other people, esp if those people have different points of view. He has ONE tool in his toolbox...BULLYING!!! He’s finding out that doesn’t work in Wash D C!
Spinner of Diversion. Sicker is the people drinking his Kool-Aid.
Who cares. He’s getting indicted soon
CNN’s Tonight has proven that they not only “Hate” Trump But are very very “Vindictive” !
Who cares?
#notmymichigan
Please don’t cover it!   That’s why we have him as president!!
CNN don't air a single second of this KKK clan rally!
Please stop covering these things: it's a complete waste of time and it makes no sense to cover this nonsense.

??????? #TrumpRally
let me save you some time: Korea, wall, African American & Latino & women jobs, fake news, hoax, witch hunt, caravan, electoral college, Hillary, like never before. Mix them up & spew them out over & over & over.
Ugh please leave
The protesters are out en mass
Please don't. Promote free speech by airing the #WhiteHouseCorrespondentsDinner
Nope
No
And we wish he would leave. 
Thanks
So...who cares?
Please, tell me why this is breaking news?
It's more like bonding with us Americans bc he cares.
Who’s paying for Trumps political rallies? Is this even legal ?
Why won’t he stop running for president?   What the fuck?
Pathetic crowd size.

You know what that means 
No,no... it’ll be the most tremendous,biggest turnout in the history of Michigan and all the world! 
...the likes of which the world has never seen before...
#cnn thirsty for those fascist rallies
define fascism
ask your boss's boss, tovarisch
I'm asking YOU.

Old and boring.
Total moron
Booing!!
Why?
Fix their water! And why is it the same people are on the stage behind you no matter where you go to hide? Gold Star Sister
He on;y goes where he can be the center of attention the entire time.
Trump you should work on getting your wife to hold your hand instead of these overblown rallies.Why don't you hold a rally on Times Square in NYC.
Why is he holding a campaign rally? Did he wake up and forget the nightmarish day he won the presidency? Or is he so insecure he’s preparing for 2.5 years from now?
He's already president, is he trying for ruler of the free world?
Is that how he steal donation money?!!!
Essentially, he is a government sponsor lowlife (free food, free housing, free transportation, free phone service) and he it is not working.
God really blesses America! Despite all the hatred from the fake News Media, the liberal extremists and FBI Clinton DNC corruption he was destined to be the 45th president! In Trump we trust!
Sorry, none for me.
Why oh why does MY taxes keep paying for this #MoronInChief to have rallys? Sick of this BS. It's either weekends at mar a lago or this crap. 
He made the right choice tonight.
So pathetic.. it gives him@a hard on
Gotta go to the bathroom.
Media should not cover the Michigan event. Obviously scheduled to compete with the correspondents’ dinner. Shameless distraction. Trump cannot take teasing. No ego as fragile as his, so he does a rally for his self adulation instead. Pitiful. @realDonaldTrump
"Rally's do nothing for the economy,so stuff a year with them". - @realDonaldTrump
that’s the only thing he can. blabbering. sadly he has listeners.
Who cares.
He’s full of himself.
Disgusting

Dos tha5 mean that taxpayers have to pay for his worthless rants and the $Millions it cost or does he foot the bill?

He is a BILLIONAIRE, you know. He said so....BS. WHERE ARE THOSE TAX RETURNS HE PROMISED?
Propaganda and lies. He is despicable.
The buffoon wails again! #corruption
Trump and his rallies are not worth watching. He sounds like a street fighter with his nasty and threatening remarks. And he sounds juvenile. Can’t believe he is president.
Sad
Don't drink the water or maybe yeah

We don’t care

And Corey Lewandowski just said there 10,000 people inside and 25,000 people outside. The inside of that venue has a maximum capacity of 5,000 according to the local fire Marshall. And the shots from outside show maybe a few thousand people. Most likely less than 10,000 total.
Why would someone waste their Saturday night to hear 90 minutes of no truths spoken?
CNN can't stand being mocked by the President. I hope he never stops.
More like a Klan rally
Why cover Trump's fan club meeting? Look at unqualified cabinet and family in the WH ruining our democracy
So why are you showing it! Not official president speaking to all his citizens! Again.,just like campaign..free PR. Just pure Bull
Trump needs another pick me up, and gets him away from the White House so he doesn't have to deal with any important issues
Lots of overtime for the fact checkers
Why???
Oh god does this idiot ever stop?
7 more years!!!
Who cares ignore it.
Who’s paying for this?
Is he going to help fix Flints water or just talk about how great he thinks he is
#TrumpTowerTreason #TrumpLies #TrumpCrimeFamily
I hear all these campaign style rallys are writeoffs... is that true?
Too painful to watch

And anyone with even an ounce of sense could not care less! #shitholepresident @realDonaldTrump pocketing as much money as he can because he knows #MuellerIsComing
I fixed your headline for you... "Pres Trump is hold a klan-style rally in Michigan."
He has not did a damn thing this term and seeking a second one..where the hell is Mueller
That's because the left keeps blocking him every chance they get. No wonder he can't get something done
That is what the right did to Obama.  Fair play.
Two wrongs don't make a right.
How sad that Spanky trump always needs his base telling him how great they think he is!
A moron campaign...
Too bad that anyone that really cares for him, could  hold up a mirror so he can see how foolish this is.
Can he ever be positive uplifting
The only thing missing from these rallies are the fucking tiki torches.
#MAGA

Says he "loves farmers" but continues USDA fraud cover up.
Pass
So
STOP SHOWING TRUMP!
Looks like a Michigan klan rally to me
He needs that ego stroking every now and then. Give a Trump a compliment and you'll sate him for the day, teach a Trump to fish for compliments and you'll feed his ego for a lifetime.

What ! And miss the correspondent’s dinner???
Is it to bring attention to the water in Flint or to address bringing Detoit back up?
Even his State meetings are campaign-style.
Don't blame anyone for not going...Go Trump
Stop feeding this circus.
@swampudlian @miller4misenate Are Kanye and Nugent doing an after concert?
Trump is rock’n at the rally. Better watch.
More ear bashing!! 
Who pays for these Trump campaign rallies.

Why are tax payers footing the bill for his faux reelection campaign?
Why are you giving updates on the freaking orange clown rally!? Ignore sh!thole Don he only speaks BS.

Why do we need live updates of bullshit. Turn the lies off. Stop making him relevant
Big Orange Pussy can't handle the fun loving WHC dinner.
How is this news CNN?....so pathetic
It's not a campaign-style rally.  It's an actual campaign rally.
Do t waste my time, he can embarrass himself without me
Here's my thing..... it's a CORRESPONENT'S thing. Correspondents=professional liars (media) who will spin every word he says or even his mere presence into something mean & hateful. I'd avoid it, too. you don't walk into a cage of hungry lions
Who the hell cares!
"Campaign-style rally " *is* a Campaign Rally
Tough talking Trump tuck tail and running from the Correspondence Dinner. In all fairness, he has to drum up support from his base for the impending criminal indictment/impeachment.
He’ll be tough with Russia, he’ll run into a school during a shooting without a gun...but he can’t take a joke, so what does mr tough guy do? Through himself a rally
Oh how exciting! Let's see what tidbits he'll give #Mueller tonight!
Needs some loveloser
We don’t fucking care. Please do not play it live.
Nah.  I'll pass.  Already been sick once today.
Conservative, liberal, etc, doesn't matter. No politician in elected office represents us, the American people! They create and foster the division because they realize if we all joined together and demanded a government that works for the people, they would all be out of a job!
#TrumpRally in Washington Michigan
WHY?
Not in Flint I take it.
https://twitter.com/SkyNewsAust/status/990370321030000640?s=19 …

Australia now admires Trump
.@rowandean on Korean Peninsula: The Turnbull government now praises @realDonaldTrump’s unpredictable approach to North Korea for triggering this historic peace meeting.…
No we don't.  Turnbull doesn't speak for all Australians as I hope Trump doesn't speak for all Americans.
Who cares.
Dear God, I hate that man.
Why?
I have great more taxpayer's being wasted
It's not a waste if it's going towards a good thing.
Wrote #FakeNews on that already, FAKE NEWS outlet...

@FoxNews @abcnews @CBSNews @NBCnews @cnn @cnni @CNNOpinion @politico @nytimes @latimes @DailyCaller @DRUDGE_REPORT @CNBC @WSJ @WashingtonPost @MSNBC
remember the tin Kaine rallies.  like when know one showed up?

Ohh
Who cares

I hope the taxpayer isn’t paying for this. His  campaign should be covering ALL costs related to this trip, to include use of Air Force One (fuel, crew, etc) and any government employee salaries/expenses.
Why is he still campaigning? He won in 16. If he is going to try to get re-elected (man I hope not)he doesn't need to start until next year.
You mean a Nazi rally...
or is it a KKK rally?

Whichever it is, you know it's filled with white supremacists that couldn't be less superior.
