Notice that all of our allies are cutting deals that exclude the US? That is not an accident, and it is a sign of mistrust of the leadership vacuum in Washington.
Debra J. that's according to your personal view not base on fact.
And the world moves forward without US.
What are you talking about?  Haters are so annoying
In case there's any doubt I'll just leave this here:
South Korea’s Foreign Minister telling CNN that “clearly credit goes to President Trump” is priceless.
But CNN won’t write about it
I'm for anything that promotes peace.
More than Obama had ever done.
And likely takes credit for it
South Korean foreign minister says this would not have happened if it weren’t for Trump. Who do you think should have the credit?
Hey @CNN you should give @POTUS his due in this. Nothing we have done in the last 40 years has worked. Suck it up and admit this is because of @realDonaldTrump
Hails? It tweeted support, adding we'll see. That after tweeting an attack on Comey. I'm sure you'll be giving him a peace prize soon ...
Thank you President Trump
Don’t forget the thank you President Trump
Da, comrade!
M.R  #God bless USA
This must break your heart that Obama couldn't do this and Trump has done this! So much for the fearmongering you put into the American people when you all said nuclear war would happen with NK if he was elected!#maga
I think the world is coming to an end.
POTUS was just "Jimmy Cartered" By UN. Iran released the hostages after Reagan sworn. Un outplayed Trump at Olympics and now by this.
Baby steps towards peace, yes!
RED DAWN PEOPLE RED DAWN 
Angela Merkel praises Trump for "strength" on North Korea
This whole thing seems SUSPECT!
Trump is dumb while Korean leadership is committed to peace
Liberal trash

Check out You Tube Trump 1999 regarding how to handle North Korea - prophetic

South Korea’s Foreign Minister telling CNN that “clearly credit goes to President Trump” is priceless. 



South Korea’s Foreign Minister telling CNN that “clearly credit goes to President Trump” is priceless. 
I find it ironic that in 1950 we felt we needed to go to Korea and help stamp out Communism. Now all these years later we r still there and China the largest Communist country in the world owns us.

@FBI  @CIA  @iingwen 晶體所在位置左下巴，耳朵後面 
South Korea came out and said it was the president that made this happen.We are over joyed by this historic meeting now for the summit
USA is being moved to smaller player. 1953 No Treaty
And that means?
North Korea came to the table because of pressure they were getting from there biggest neighbor and friend.   China.   Trump called out China for not doing there part in taking care of North Korea.  He is the reason you have that peace
Kudos to @realDonaldTrump. Deserves credit for this!!!
Something that Obama could not accomplish
Nor did Bush snr and jnr, nor Clinton so get over it!
#winning
Trump did it

All of the global unity that is brokered outside America's leadership is a good thing for everyone but America. When our allies befriend our enemies, our standing in diplomatic situations become much less important. Trump has put our country in a freefall in global leadership!
NEEDED: Commitments for:

- Expedited construction of a high-speed rail line from Dandong province of China to Pyongyang, North Korea- and south to South Korea's city of Busan

- Expedited designation of capital city for re-unified Korean peninsula;
Everybody knows Trump is a unfit ignorant wild rage while our enemies with Putin looking on are unifying hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Yeh.  It is time to Nuclear inspections.
Earn $400+up /mo driving where you already drive! http://bit.ly/RefCarskgs  Proven System For Success: Driving w/ an ad on your car. Advertise on your vehicle & earn passive income w/ our small, see thru ads on your back window. Local /national campaigns available.
.@CNNPolitics This story is funny as hell. #DonaldTrump is no longer dominating the media. is everyone as happy as I am now. #Trumpdumpcare #Resistance #FBR
What’s funny is seeing you hang out the window. Splitting image of yourself, huh?
