#H.W.GeorgeBush Prayers up 
God bless you and your family
Get well soon!
Oh no :'( prayers
 very sad
He misses her and I expected his health would fail quickly! You don’t stay married for more than 70 years with no love connection. He wants to be with her again and I truly believe he is just giving up in order to accomplish this! 
Excellent news
...wow..., (condolences in arrears)...
God Bless him and I hope he has a speedy recovery. I didn’t agree with his politics but he and his beloved wife did show great love for his family and friends!
Oh my gosh. I am so sorry to hear this. This is very untimely for the mourning Bush family and especially the former President. My positive thoughts are with you, Sir, and your family, and friends. I wish you a speedy recovery.

So sad, he must be so heartbroken losing his wonderful wife 
Shock!
Ladies before Gentlemen. Wonderful people
Aucune sympathie pour cette famille
Death is inevitable. Be strong
A broken heart. Sad
Finally some good news for a change. Too bad it looks like hes gonna croak before being brought to justice for war crimes.
After death...one should be certain of his next bus stop...because there's only two....Heaven and Hell...Better make sure you don't miss your station
Much respect for this former President. It's hard to lose your wife after all these years. Best wishes to you and your family.
Poor thing. God bless him!
God bless him!
BUSH MANY HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATION DURING HIS TERM WHY WHAT HE DONE TO IRAQ,LEBANON,AFGHANISTAN,PHILLIPNES,SYRIA,LIBYA ETC.GOD KNOWS WHERE IS NOW THE VOICES OF INT'L HUMAN RIGHTS AND U.N?
 that is Love   he will follow her .. as a great man broken because the love of his life is no longer with him
It's common for spouses in a long time marriage to follow one another in death.  I hope he is not so heart broken that he will leave and follower her.  I've seen articles about it .. people can die of a broken heart.  sending him strength and love. He needs it now more than ever.
Deepest condolences. I enjoyed working for you and saving your life from terrorist threats.
After 73 years, bound to be a Broken Heart ....

My brother in law is going thru the same  thing losing his wife recently. Love will stick together.
God bless him!! He is probably totally lost without her. I know I would be if I lost my beloved wife.
God Speed George—- she’s waiting for you
He wants to be with her

Prayers for President Bush
Nice.
Sorry
Sad
Mr. Bush God be with you today & draw you to him ! God made Marriage to be one & represented his love for the church the  "SAINT" his love for us! You can be comforted today thru Christ as one with God & Barbara! Beautiful Illustration of Marriage & Church & Eternity!
Sincere good wishes Toysa da Pug
We wish him a speed recovery
So sad, #heartbroken  #GeorgeHWBush 
Which Americans suppose to give sympathy?
I don’t see it as sad. They lived full lives and are dying of natural causes, what more can one ask for.
He's just given up without his wife.
Good. Kissinger next. Until all the war criminals suffer the same fate as their victims
Prayers
Wish  George Bush a speedy recovery
Prayers
Sending thoughts and prayers to the Bush family.
This "Q" thing is getting out of hand. Q predicted this and states he will pass days from when his wife did.
I pray he gets to go to his summer home one more time before he joins his beloved Barbara
Prayer's are with you George n family
A heartbreaking end to a love story.
So sad.
God's will be done.

 to hear about this about the Former President George W. Bush today!
they were true soul mates!!
He's old enough so it won't be an issue if he goes as well unless if it's a 21old boy not him.
Not too soon@GeorgeBush sr.
We all have to depart this lovely world that’s the truth. I wish there wasn’t a second life.But creator says there is.
Fcuk him hope he dies with worms in him war monger war criminal
True love.
sadly with her gone, he has no will to live without.
Stay strong. Members of the family pray strong
Heartbreaking! Politics aside, they’re low key family goals. Get you a partner that’s such and essential part of you that they finna die and when you do. Not a nigga that’ll treat you like his previously removed appendix. #heartoverappendix

One of the rare cases of true love. Thoughts and prayers to all the Bush family.
Honestly, I thought 41 would go first. He seemed in much worse shape than his wife. 
I wouldn’t be surprised if we lose HW by week’s end.
Oboi e b lyk say e won follow d woman, get well soon...
https://imgur.com/gallery/zGg9SkN 
Dear Sir I wish you well and hope you recover soon.


In a hospital for criminals ?
Broken  syndrome.
Heartbreaking 
It’s a broken heart
Truly sad moment. Two have loved
This is so sad. I hope he recovers soon
He is on his way to follow her soon. They cannot be apart -
Knew that was coming. Get well soon
At least he had more brains than his son...kept the mid east in a piece..
This is breaking my heart because I think his is broken, he made it through the funeral with the greatest of dignity, I hope he recovers soon.
Praying for a speedy recovery but if it is not to be, please let him go gently & peacefully.
He can't live without her! who could! God Bless him
My prayers to the former President  and his family. I'm sorry for the loss and I hope he feels better.
God bless him.
He’s sad because Barbara can’t give him anymore neck and sloppy toppy. Plus that sweet geriatric box is gone and nothing else, not even his son’s bussy can replace it. Rip bro.
Get well soon.
Get well soon
may god forgive him for breaking so many people'shearts in iraq

I just want to hug him so much! Reminds me of what I went thru in Dec 2017 losing both parents a week apart.  My heart goes out to the whole family and God please ease this mans heart do what's best for him. Amen
He's second in the line

I don’t think he is going to make it
I knew ithes going right after her
So sad to hear. My thoughts and prayers go out to the Bush family.
Prayers going up for him and his family...
This is sad. She really meant a lot in his life too.Wish him a speedy recovery.
AS HIS WIFE BARBARA BUSH LEFT THE WORLD ...MR. PUSH ALSO ADMITTED IN HOSPITAL WE PRAY FOR HIS RESTORATION ...
So sorry for your loss
Best wishes
Prayers for him and his family 
True love.. his soul wants to be with her. 
Sending true sincere thoughts & prayers. 

prayers
it's moments like this when a country can come together, throw politics aside and just be human for a moment, if only we could do this more often we could learn to see each other as the same team, the human team, that are each living a life and have many things in common.
Are we supposed to pretend that George HW Bush did not murder thousands of civilians in Central America and Africa, with his accomplices Reagan and North? Asking for survivors of terror attacks.
he's lonesome. Same thing with his son bush jr later.
My grandparents are going on 56 years and this always worries me, as hard as it's gonna be to see them pass, I'm more worried for how bad it's gonna affect the other one after a lifetime a love, it's an area we all share despite ideaology etc. and it's always heartbreaking. 
He’s gonna join his wife. Godspeed mr. President....
she is calling him
I'm so sorry!! He will not live long!! He has lost the love of his life!! He don't know how to live!!she was his world!! My God watch over him
God bless you sir
Eso es amor eterno por su esposa, siente mucho por su partida.
Hope all is well for you Mr. President.  Prayers for you and your family always.
TIMMMEH!
Prayers 
A good man will always follow a good woman... Even under the ultimate circumstance.
So, how many people care?
So sad about this.  I  volunteer to sit and hold his hand since Bar isn’t there to do it.
Prayers!!
Very Sad!
WHEATHER A FAN OR NOT, PLEASE PRAY FOR GEORGE H.W.BUSH, IN JESUS NAME AMEN!!!...
True love he misses his wife dearly
still alive
This is so sad. Prayer for him and his family
I knew this was coming. Poor thing won't last the week
Sad! @GeorgeHWBush was a broken man at the funeral
He might not see the rise of the New World Order after all. :/
We see this all the time, just so sad.

Hoping not, but would not surprise me if he passed soon also. Sometimes a broken heart really does kill.
Wish you a fast recovery
God bless you @GeorgeHWBush
He wants to be with his wife.  God Bless.
the least offensive of the Bushes
Praying for him and his family!
Broken heart is a real thing. 

Praying for him and the entire Bush Family rn. True Americans in every sense of the word.
Bless him and his broken heart.  Tough times for the Bush Family.
His demons must be catching up with him
Dear God,prayers to all.
Old man gonna follow his bride to the grave
https://open.spotify.com/track/5SxkdsY1ufZzoq9iXceLw9?si=PAp20ml2SIubCmb1f-QC1A … #StreamNoTearsLeftToCry
He's a hundred yrs old what you expect and he have so many secrets his own people mite off him anyway
Praying for your health
Our thoughts and prayers are with him!
Good news..go to hell father of war criminal
WOOO!
That's how it happens.
It is his broken . He just wants to be with his wife.
just like a lot of couples that were married for many many years like them two usually go around the same time... his heart is broken, and that is a real thing.
He's wants to be with his wife and the lord knows that. I hope he is peaceful
I was afraid that would happen
I might not have liked you as a president but as a human being you're one hell of a guy please get well
Sending prayers and hugs your way. May you feel peace love and strength fromGod .
Prayers
He's lived a full life, he's lost his true love...as sad as this seems, it's beautiful.  To live such a wonderful life and to never be away from that one person very long is really a blessing in a way.
It is hard for President Bush . He lost the love of his life! Best wishes and prayers
Actually,  very appropriate and I appreciate his honesty of character
God bless you, Mr. President
Very sad. It has to be tough to lose someone you've known for 70+ years.
Yeah - hopefully he will go
He wants to be with his wife! Imagine the love shared by these two?! What a blessing! Not many people can say they're in love with their spouse after sharing MORE than half their lives together!  We all want love, we even chase it but not all of us are blessed with it 
He wants to be with his love. 
This is expected. He’s heartbroken over his wife of 73 years. They were one flesh and one heart. I could see it in his face on Saturday. His wish am sure is to reconcile with her. Be safe President Bush.

He will pass of a broken heart.  God bless 
He wants to join the love of his life. 
The Bushs' are dying because they can't get enough blood to keep their vampire family alive.

I knew he was sick and with a love like theirs, he will be joining her soon. I have seen this before. A broken heart for the love of their lives. There is something special and beautiful in that.
Unfortunately, for many elders, once their spouse passes away, they too, would rather join the love of their life.
Hell is about to get another resident
Oh this is so sad. Praying for his recovery
May god bless him and family 
Regardless of political beliefs, he is a human who lost the love of his life- we need to be respectful & pray for him.
Barbie was the love of George's life and it's very difficult for him to admit that she's gone. That's why his health deteriorated right after he went to her funeral.
you are in my prayers .Rest and get well.
I'll keep him and his family in my thoughts and prayers...
God bless you sir although I disagreed with many things you did you were a real president
a esas edades, muere uno y el otro le sigue....lamentablemente

Prayers going up
So sad, prayers to the entire Bush family.  George H.W. Bush was first president I was old enough to vote for.
Bless his heart
get well soon!!
Love is beautiful
I wish you to live a long life....#Incarcerated
Best wishes for a speedy recovery. God bless.
