They should cut his thing first than jail
This criminal is worth execution


Omg, this news makes me sick. Judging by the numbers of rape cases reported every day in India, they have an epidemic of men out of control. So the people rioting think it's ok to rape. How uncivilized. What kind of human beings are they? How can they be respected?
It's not what you think, here is a movement is going on against rape and our media won't mind showing such news on international forum as we want to change ourself, unlike USA, rapes are more frequent there than in India, you must report it in your news..
In the US, we elect them president.
Right
He 'd be treated special either in jail..
By the looks of this man not a single girl wants to be beside him actually
Finally, the beginning of #Justice in #India for #Women
Enjoy prison - 
"Self proclaimed" is usually a red flag.
Just sayin'...
He looks like Santa in July.
Great, let him rotten
Life imprisonment. The man is old already. let him finish his remaining life there.
And DJT walks free, karma I guess
Finally #PedophileGoToPrison
Hallelujah there is karma...
The Gods told him to do it
Gotta love religion
his name is pronounced ass ram?
99% of these so called gurus are frauds and criminals!
Glad justice done Netas backed fake baba  convicted  NB Viswanath Adv
well done  if he did it that is
It's a good day when a strong stance in being taken against these self proclaimed gurus who have been taking advantage of the vulnerable for years on end.
This old geezer couldn't rape himself. Give me a break.
Can someone slam his balls with two bricks too!!!
Does @rashtrapatibhvn @INCIndia give men who rape children a parade? @indiatvnews covers the rape live, @IndianExpress @timesofindia give rape stats beside cricket score since rape & gang rape is the national hobby? You know where evil lives? INDIA
Too bad he got life - sounds like someone Trump would hire for the spiritual advisor!
Very bad
GOOD!!!
At least in India religious leaders get the punishment they deserve but remember all the pedophiles at the Catholic Church in other countries!!! Nothing ever happened to them!!! What a shame.. time to start a me too campaign against rapist religious leaders
That's Justice on point
I remember the Maharishi Yogi did something similar in the 1960s. One of The Beatles complained about it.
Evil and a dirty old man.
He http://should.Be  punished
What a shame to once follow and go to this criminal's ashram and buy his books and audio cassettes !!
Is the ABUSE OF POWER, EVERYWHERE, finally legally being fought?
I HOPE SO!
Good. I hope he suffers.
This is crazy honestly
Rapiest country
What makes it sad is  that the aunthenticity of the word "religion" itself is turning ironically to some people .
False prophet
That's why rape in India became a habit.
Deservs
Burn in hell
Finally...
This is so sad that a person that claims to be a man of god commits such evil
I'm glad that the Indian court sentenced that guru to life in prison. Men who rape young girls don't deserve to see the light of day.
He deserves his punishment 
By the looks of it sentence to life could mean about 10 to 15 minutes

Make him shave that beard too.
Strozk and page text messages come out today, watch out.
#witchhunt
Just another predator using relijion to pray on the innocent.
and one can only hope that very soon he will know just how his victim felt. over and over and over again.
Prison for all religious nuts
Good
What they fail to state, is that he’ll be held in a women’s prison.

Who ever use religion for his own should be hanged including the Persian bastereds
Iran & Saudi Arabia are shitty regimes that everybody wants them eliminated.
Great news
I thought they just passed the death penalty for pedophiles???!!!!
If only London could do the same
Rot in hell
When will American courts start doing the same?
Hang this mf !
