Sounds like Clinton “I did not have sex with that woman”. Boy how they can change meaning and intent of words.  Now who has the courage to indict this person of interest
Why should someone be blamed for releasing unclassified info that later is classified? If I act legally, but later that act is defined as illegal, am I guilty of a crime? No. @andersoncooper
LOL Not only did #POTUS45 STATE it IS&was classified, as did this liar admit, he certainly didn't have the right or authority to take memos&do as he pleases REGARDLESS of wht his corrupt agency motivate him to do to COVER UP MORE CRIMES as ANY IDIOT knows.
I hope that he keeps denouncing corrupt Trump at any chance he gets.. like he said we should not be numb to the attacks of everything America represents.. unlike @GOP  that they decided to look the other way
I think it’s reasonable to define a “leak” as an unauthorized disclosure. I respect you @andersoncooper, but I don’t understand why you pushed on this point.
Same, some people think a leak is disclosing conversations (unclassified) w/a President. Should be more concerned about a President asking investigation to be dropped for someone dealing secretly w/ RU, a sanctioned adversary, and lying to FBI.
I understand @CNN  @cnnbrk has no shame but this clown show they’ve produced to promote Comey is an embarrassing circus even for them. Loaded audience and questions. His God complex is disturbing and sociopathic.
Speaking of Sociopaths, we have one leading the country right now.
Non-sequitur. Try to follow along with the subject matter. Or maybe just get a coloring book and a drool rag.
So he’s not only a lying, leaking, criminal he’s also stupid
Right! You are talking about Trump.. ?
So glad Comey clarified (again) that it was ONE unclassified memo written after fired. The memo actually not given to press, it served as Comey’s response (via a friend, a lawyer) to Trump tweets and or “misrepresentations” made by Trump.
That that
View the clip again.. is correct
I don't trust this admin. They are crooked as they come. Look at all the investigation based on conspiracy theories.  Waste of taxpayer money. #SAD
All of them are crooks! Including their wives.. you can say that they have flooded the swamp!
They are the swamp.
Is funny how people expect Comey to act like a former FBI director and hate that he broke protocol and that he wrote a book and how he is joke now.. YET Trump supporters and critics don’t condemn Trumps actions that are not common from a seating president
Right on C ppl should be more worried abt T helping Putin hatch our country and still is
Nope.. trumpies are more concerned about Comey leaking memos than Russia meddling

Comey is full of lies and is unfit to  be on the news.throw him in jail.
When he Opens his Mouth, He has Broken the LAW.
I enjoyed this town hall.....very smart young people! Mr. Comey I believe everything you said and thank you for your service and writing the book. You are so right, "Trump is unfit to be President."
Tough 
#ComeyMemos 
#ComeyTownHall 
#Comey
Fuck this guy
Lawman...beyond reproach...unlike Trump
He thought withholding the information would cause Republicans to question the legitimacy of the election...and they would have...but he made a mistake.
New files have came out...Comey is done.
This is a very disgusting human being. I can't imagine anybody ever hiring him again. I'm glad he's gone he's really all about himself.
Was this memo classified or not, I don't care! If they catch criminals and they are criminals bc of this information we're not suppose 2 use it. I belive FBI has been investigating in the russian matter long before the info hit the news.
Sorry I missed it! I was too busy watching MSNBC!
Just wait.
Lying about it to Congress violates the law, and releasing FBI info violates the law (the info was not his info)!
Just look at that sanctimonious expression. Simply nauseating.
"That that" violated the law? .... Nice.

Comey is a leaker!!!! Jail time for you!
Time for Comey to go to jail....
Evil sees no evil Comey said
CREDIBILITY = ZERO
This is the logic that got Hillary off the hook. Glad it's going away. 

#Kanye2024
@andersoncooper back to journalism. Good for you
That's hardly a shocker. After all, he also didn't see anything illegal with Hillary smashing hard drives and such.
As such firing him was the right thing to do.
Comey = Jail time !  Leaked memos to several people !
No laws violated...only CNN would write this
He’s got a touch of something
Autism
True comrade
Handpicked questions fed to handpicked speakers. #FakeNews
Comey is a fool
To Comey, America needs a man of your integrity and perspective, to step up, run for, and win the Presidency..
  I'm just saying, after a forest fire, the seeds that take root (good or bad) reform the new enviornment.
Boy May 8th is going to be a bad day at your house.
Earn $400+up /mo driving where you already drive!
We will see when the criminal referral comes down won't we Mr @Comey #ComeyTownHall
Is this what we now expect from a fired FBI or CIA director - book, book tour, late night shows, cnn ... do people really think he’s doing it for the good of man or the $ ? It’s called selling out
Say that when your in a prison shower.
He himself decides.. what’s classified and what’s not.
Than he releases unclassified ones to his bunch of friends for media leak.
Chances of him not telling the intent of other classified ones - 0.001%
Former FBI Director James Comey on releasing his memos: "The bottom line is, I see no credible claim by any serious person that that violated the law" https://cnn.it/2qXzSua …
@JamesComeyFBI  Weren't you in Russia 2013? There are a lot of links to people.  Guilt by association?
I hope he continues to scream that once he’s begging Trump for a pardon.
Still not as bad as Hillary murdering Americans, selling American uranium to Russia, stealing votes, or Hussein giving terrorists American tax dollars and allowing gang members come to America collecting tax dollars for nothing while murdering Americans.
hahFROM THE MAN in chargeof classified info. whohad a hard time in his  memo writing he wasntsure how2 classify ..was in charge of looking  into whether @HillaryClinton shared classified info .ill bet he looked  over alot of classified & struggled there too. not the man 4 the job
I am sick of Comey saying “that’s a good question” He is a joke
I'm no lawyer but seems to me anyone else who did what he did (excepting HC) would be doing jail time now
That’s not Kanye...
Didn't break the law but was the primary reason trump was elected.  It's all your fault Mr. Comedy.  P.s.  you never heard the word collusion before???  WTF???
I know Cooper is trying not to look like FOX but shut up & let him talk already.
He believes he is above the law. Dropping names and his intent just like Caren Turner
Why isn't this idiot in prison, how does he get away stating facts about an on going investigation. And worse he was and is part of it.
Is this the Jim Acosta network ...the one that says half of America's elevator doesn't go to the top floor?
True because Trump and Jim Jordan are not serious persons. They are ’s!
Spin, spin, spin the webs of deceit
We'll see?????
@cnnbrk Time will tell if he has charges brought on.
He did not help himself here.  Great questioning by @andersoncooper
He settled it...no crime...period.
Me watching the #ComeyTownHall like...
Thank you James Comey for being such a honest and professional.
!wow! What a brilliant man. Will love if he runs for President. Comey, thanks for your excellent service to this Nation. God bless you.
He is brilliant man. Love him!
All part of the "insurance policy"
Comey's "Under the Rug 2018" tour. 

or is it... 

Comey's "Throw Myself Under the Bus 2018" tour?

His stupidity is punishment enough.
You will be saying that all the way to prison
@realDonaldTrump he is telling the truth....
That's because all of the people he thinks are credible are in on it and wanted Trump out too. I hope he is held accountable for his actions.
Imagine actually believing this. What a crazy world.
Are you talking about what I believe? I think you are crazy back. Only time will tell which one of us are correct. Until then...
You’re hilariously deluded.
Of course he would say this because he believes he is above the law. Comey remember McCabe.

Nothing to see here. Move on.
