Sorry Bill
Good!!!
And trump walks free SMH.
Che imbecille
Wow! They only went on their word? No video? People are killed by cops, with a video and the killer goes back to work. America victim shames the deceased and say they deserved it. Interesting justice.
Heard they have a great artist in residence program.
I wonder if he will get JELLO and PUDDING in the BIG house
Poor baby. I am sure you have many memoirs to keep you company. I bet you wish you had those magic pills now.  PIG
A monster had his mask removed today.
I can’t believe this . I mean I don’t want to believe this 
they should lock him up with prostitutes. This argument is old

Maybe,President Trump also!
Lockhimup
Finally justice for the victims #metoo
justice is served !
Never rejoice in another's downfall. Always remember that we all have skeletons in our closets, they just have yet to be discovered.
So very sad to see a man in his final days of life have to face the painful SEEDS he has sowed. Karma is the great leveler of life's mountains of sorrow. What goes around always comes back around.
hey hey hey...GUILTY..what a great day...think I feel like having some Jello now...there's always room for jello...HEY HEY HEY
It’s about time justice is served.
#huxtabullshitter
When issues in our own GOVERNMENT are discussed everyday.
*POPS A BOTTLE OF CHAMPAGNE*
DECADE OF THE WOMEN IS STRONG!
It's about time!
I am so hurt by his behavior and embarrassed I even looked to as an ideal father figure. So very disappointed and disgusting

J-A-I-L-O
THERE IS NO JUSTICE IN AMERICA; JUDGES,  RULES,  PROSECUTORS,  JURIES, TRIALS.... ITS ALL RIGGED BY THE GOVT; RECORD INCARCERATION RATES BESPEAK AN INMATE BUSINESS BY COURTS!
He will appeal and will be walking. That was a hand picked jury, set out to besmirch a good man #freecosby
the only walk he is taking is to prison...hahahahahahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  he gonna be takin them steps..oh yea oh yea
Time this sexual predator goes to jail...for good.
What? Not fat Albert.
Hey, hey, HEY!   J-a-i-L-O
That’s crazy . The is 80
So heartbreaking that he would do something like this.  Proud of the woman for stepping forward
I doubt that he will ever do a day in prison.
So sad
If he was white he could just have spanky pardon him
Don't worry, the trade value of Jell-o in prison in quite high.
Good
JUSTICE FOR THE VICTIMS!
I bet he wont see a day in jail!
horsecrap.. if he really did this to them why wait so long to report this... There is something fishy going on and I can't believe this would even go through
And what is next, probation?
 good. He should also lose his entire fortune to be given to the victims, and to awareness groups.
I agree with you...great idea

Bring them all to justice.
JAIL-O!
With power and fame comes great responsibility. Remember that.
Harvey Weinstein is next!
Don’t drop the soap
Racial profiling.
‘Bout time!
Lock him up!!!!
Who Trump? Yah!
Well...bye
#CosbyGuityCharge Justice does Prevail! - #SpreakOut #SexAssault #SexPreditor #SexualHarassment #SexPreditors #DomesticAbuse #Criminal #TimesUp Will no longer be tolerated!  @cnn @cnni
Thank you Media people for doing what you all do so well! @NewYorker @TIME #PicturesWorthATousandWords!  Thank you ladies & all Victims now have a #Voices to be heard & #TimesUp for these #Criminal! #JusticWillPrevail  #RealNews! @realdonaldtrump #Fear #DenialNeverWin! @cnn @cnni
Qué asco de tipo.
Money can bring trouble to any human being if it is not properly used.Riches, wealth have brought trouble to king Salomon with 1000 women. @Rabbi_Debbie

he shouldn’t be addressed as: tv icon bill cosby
I grew up loving Bill Cosby’s comedy

But these charges were always credible
Our culture has been misogynistic for a long time.  Bill Cosby , because of his fame, was made a scapegoat for all the violence done to women. Women have a bit more support to stand up now and hopefully men are learning morals and ethics long overdue.
Am curious...was his lawyer BLACK too??!!! Just curious!
No he wasn't,  does that make a difference to you?
...as it should be.
Its because he is black
Looking at the replies here it is truly amazing how many people can make this somehow about race, complete ignoring the subject of the article.
Go directly to jail. No petroleum jelly for him.
But day he was beloved Dr bill Huxtable, by night he was creepy scary Dr Hyde
Oh Man.  Well that’s it then.

Will he do real prison or house arrest in a cushy mansion? 

#metoo
Just like that his whole reputation as a great dad is gone . And now the world will remember him as a cowardly rapist. What a shame!
The victims seemed over joyed could not contain themselves like they won the lotto bill cosby case is a farce
he got what he deserved..too bad it didnt happen 30 years ago
When he was a star woman were falling for him now his a  falling star
Would Bill Cosby really be sent to prison? Could he hangout in the prison population? Not to mention his age and health. Maybe house arrest is an option 
Bye Phylicia (Rashad, that is...)
Bill Cosby no supo medir la consecuencia de sus actos, y muchos años después,  ha sido condenado por agresión sexual.
@LanaSobs
Dude he ain't going to jail trust me on this he will die before he goes.
"Americas Dad" well he tried to fuck his way to that title
There's no pudding pops in prison!
I hope they start prosecuting all other men in cases just like this.  Can we get that prosecutor for all those priests who for years raped  children and I'm sure still do because they rotate them all the time. If people believe the women; believe the children.
He deserves it!!!
You're next Porky @potus!
Speechless 
Trump should share the same fate.
Exactly BUT they won't Teeth that! I saw a post that said "We got him!" Who's is "We?" Yet Roy Moore, Trump and Harvey Weinstein.... 
#EmojiFace
@genius18 @Biznestime @28Frazier @Salsedo22 @Shopaholic_918 He better take the same advice, my man gave Kid! Or, he'll see a lot of "Pudding Pops" in his future!
Tell those flim flam flarm jokes.


Hang him
Wow!
Good riddance to a true dirtbag.
Oh God oh God! Hmmmm it's well you,Bill Cosby!
you play you pay !!!!
Not all people pay? Why is that?
Your a woman . you should be appalled what he did to those woman !!
Justice is what is right for all people bruh?

Nice skin tone!
#CosbyGuityVerdict finally!  -#RichPowerful have #Consequences #RudeAwakening for many in this world! #SexAssault #SexHarrassment #SexPreditors #SexAbuse #DomesticViolence will no longer be tolerated #TimesUp ! @cnn @cnni @JeanCasarezCNN thank you for terrific coverage by all!
Just cause he was an icon and a person we looked up to growing up doesn’t excuse his actions a creep is a creep rich famous or poor I’m happy justice is served
Who would of thought that BILL Cosby, aka, Dr.Huxable would be capable of this heinous crime, I guess you nevr really know what lurks in the human mind, I mean with all his wealth, why dope women and assault them, I for 1 am speechless!!!!!!!

Now do Bill Clinton.
Finally justice.
justice served; pray for his recovery.
Baha!  #puddingpop
Bout time!
He abused his status & power. Multiple women from all types of backgrounds telling similar stories. I think he's the worst type of criminal. A beloved figure who took advantage of people. If people don't believe this now, they certainly would not have 20+ years ago.
It quite a shame he ended this way cause I used to watch his shows and I loved it but this crime just wiped out that feeling...may he find other rapist that would love to rape him in jail...Good luck @BillCosby
poor guy, still think he's being set up, doesn't make sense that he's the greatest rapist of all time and we only discovered it after 50 years
My good news for the day, finally getting what he deserves!
Awwww no.

That will teach you Billy when you grab a Canadian Beaver without permission they bite back !! As Fat Albert would say !!
The campaign to destroy the image of black males continues,
OJ Simpson should've been convicted the first time


I'm not sure justice was served smh
Maybe, mr. Cosby is also a victim of an era that had dealt with slavery, a trauma. Just sayin'...
Racism is ugly and evil. Why gift that to your kids?
Mr. Cosby was so famous and loved by so many, but I bet my life that had something to do with racism hate. I'm just guessing though...
My English is atrocious...
10 years 
Boom!
Now he'll get his own pudding pop
Well, such is life....
So are they pudding him in jail?
Never going to happen.
Bill Cosby should be Pardoned....by Trump.....he made us laugh !
Yah that’s how they treat blacks in the US so as to keep them broke. Fake lawsuits just to milk dry their savings.
Maybe they'll put Trump in the cell with him!! You think??
Finally justice for all those women, after so many years #metoo Dirtbag.
Could not have happened to a nicer guy (not).  Hope he suffers as he inflicted suffering on so many each and every day behind bars.  Hope he really likes Jello for dessert every day until he kicks.
But nobody found what their president was doing wrong oh ok 
Should have had Clintons lawyers protect you
Busted!!
great news
So, why isn't he in custody? They just let him walk away from the courthouse!
Its a verdict not sentencing,  he's still out on bail.  Its how it works
I would be surprised if he saw 30 years in jail. They'll probably sentence him to a year on house arrest or something crazy like that. Or maybe they'll throw the book at him because of his fame and the media attention. That would be interesting.
Jail-O 
Now that's over with what about Trump, Louis ck, Howard Weinstein, Kevin Spacey, ect. @TheView it will always be about color, if not can you tell me how much they lost compare to Bill Cosby? Don't worry I'll wait
No pudding pops for bill.
Well let his sentencing begin an he go to jail as soon as possible
Pudding pops for everyone in PRISON!!!!!!
"TV icon". c'mon now CNN...
Not losing the label is important. He was, and to some even now still is, a huge icon. It’s important to recognize and remember this shows that labels, fame adoration, whatever, we have to ALWAYS listen. ‘Beloved’ or not, the evidence, fairly heard and weighed, will speak.
I hear they serve puddin, Bill!


That's so sad...Bill Cosby is passing through a lot now....
So the big stars start to fall....#getHillary #getNobama
Hey hey hey Yooouuurrr GULITY!

TELL ME WHY "MR HOLLYWOOD'S HARVEY WEINSTEIN IS STILL ROAMING AROUND THE STREETS OF HOLLYWOOD, PLEASE.
Fat Albert will be his cell mate !
One more pervert going to jail and another serving as our current " president".
Hmmmm...
Times up!
So now that it was so necessary to prosecute Mr. Cosby.....go after that #45 excuse in the Oval Office he has no business being In..... Right Now would work for his victims and the Real US Citizens.
He is black so the likelihood of his going to hail increases.
he is rich so the likelihood decreases
He is old so it decreases
His crime was horrible so that increases it.
All in all, with appeals he will never serve a day in jail
“Clang!!”

“Clatter....”

Lock the door. Throw away the key. 

Adios, Cos!
Well at least there is justice for some of his victims this time. We are talking about the state that let off OJ twenty years ago! Ugh!
No tears for you man. Dr Huxtable illegal #gynaecologist @BillCosby
TV icon? I think you mean serial rapist found guilty of serial rape.
Of course, does not surprise me at all.They wanted to make an example out of him.
#LockHimUp
Now he can suck on the chocolate pudding bar.
Maybe Doc Brown "Lead Attorney" should go back in time and look for some facts.
One of my favorite comedians. Disgusted that he did these crimes.
Convict trump next
When they gonna file against Weinstein?
Given his outburst in the courtroom, I hope he gets a maximum sentence. He shows no remorse and is guilty of several crimes they can't charge him for. Let those other women come forward at his sentencing.
YEAH!!!!!!
You can’t hide forever.... your sins will find you eventually
As it should be!  Lock him up!!
If you voted for trump your comments are irrelevant
What does Trump have anything to do with a celebrity getting 10 years in prison for rape?
Because trump is a predator and rapist himself so you can’t justify voting for a rapist while talking down on someone else for the same behavior
Lmao if Trump is a rapist then so is bill Clinton. I mean that is partly why he got impeached. Lies and sexual misconduct. Trump however, has been proven innocent with the claims those women made against him. Use your brain.
Delighted!
It's time to put away ALL who do these heinous crimes. They can no longer hide behind their "fame"....Trump included!
Set ya Bill
He always did #creep me out on #TheCosbyShow; wonder if anyone else was picking up on the #smug, #narcissistic, vibes back then!

Good to know #BillCosby will always be remembered for the #sociopathic creep I always thought he was! LOCK HIM UP, PLEASE!

Should get another 10 years for the last 2 seasons of the Cosby show. Wow those sucked
Un frickin believable.
This life is nothing can't just imagine why some pupils will be praying for others down fall what do you gain, well what goes around comes around prepare for yours and by then you will know how ones feel
GOOD, THE RACE CARD DID NOT WORK THIS TIME! DO THE CRIME & DO THE TIME 
So sad those lady's should be ashamed for doing this to an elderly man screw them

These people keep saying yes justice the nigga is 80 years old ya waited this long to say something he’s enjoyed his life,he can literally die any day in jail he’s not gonna last 30 years in prison. He gets time but cops shooting black people that’s totally legal apparently
Trump got to be president! Bill Cosby goes to jail!
Really?
What are the odds he will be in prison until he’s 110?
Famous and rich has never defined moral character.
Rich liberal Democrats can get away with killing women.  Great movie.

rip pill cosby
