No guns so the criminal had to use something. He even killed more than the Waffle House guy who had an AR
But less than the Parkland shooter and the guy in Las Vegas.
Yeah I got that. But these vehicle attacks, along with stabbings, bombings, and acid attacks are all occurring in countries with high socioeconomic status, but where guns have always been illegal. The point is criminals will always find a way.
If you could reduce the number of people killed by vans, would you?  If you could reduce the number of kids stabbed in the street, would you? If you could reduce the number of acid attacks, would you?  And finally: if you could reduce the number of gun massacres by crazy people?
My point being, just because there are other ways doesn't mean the AR-15 way shouldn't be addressed.  That's like saying "oh there's no point in cancer research, something else will get you anyway."
Gun deaths total in America are lower than vehicle deaths. The AR 15 accounts for less than 2% of all gun deaths. There are an estimated 15 million AR15s nationwide (legally purchased) and yet only a handful are used each year for crime. 

So explain your illogical hate for them!
Yeah, but "replace "vehicle deaths"  with "intentional carnage caused by vehicle" and your statistic will change wildly.  AR-15 was just an example based on recent events; any gun is a potential mass-murder device (as is any vehicle, yes, and refer back to my earlier points)
To your earlier point: yes if we had a magic wand to make all preventable deaths stop we would, but will never be the case. We live with risk, life is not a guarantee, but blaming a legal tool doesn’t help anything. Guns are not the problem. Guns are a right.
Taken down by 1 cop, no shots fired!
If only American cops could do the same...
It's easy when your country is all white.
You mean not racist.
Easy to not be racist when you don't have any diversity.
You need to educate yourself...my entire life I have lived next to, befriended and peacefully coexist with cultures from all parts of this globe...try again.
Canada is 90% white so please spare us your self righteous Canadian elitism.
Ottawa is perhaps more multicultural than most Canadian cities but we simply don't have the ingrained racism found in America...Canada was the destination of the underground railroad, a point of national pride.
And the anti immigrant community sighs when they realize the suspect is Canadian. 
Fixing things that aren't broke make libs feel so virtuous, all that guilt is lifted off their shoulders knowing they cant be called racists, because they've created a non cohesive society with nothing in common based solely on skin color. "We trash Christians, but love Islam."
You just proved my point, amoral atheist libs hate christians, but love Islamists because they're brown, and brown represents diversity! Nevermind the fact most support sharia laws, hate gays, and treat women like properety, they're brown! Whats it like to be taught to self hate?
Well I was proven right...he was a hateful right wing troll Ron.
All I said was I was proven right.... and you know I was Ron.
Canada let in more Reguees.  I blame The NRA. Oh Wait! 
You see David Hogg, bad people don't need a gun to do mass killings
He's non-Muslim. Armenian. Christian likely.
hes still from the middle east
Nope, Armenia is NOT considered Middle Eastern. Armenia is considered part of Europe. By Europeans.
Armenia is above Iran below Geogia.. surrounded by middle eastern countries hmmm
Not considered Middle Eastern. Armenia is part of Europe. Member of the Council of Europe. You go ask any Armenians whether they consider themselves Middle Eastern or European.
if Armenia is Europe then so is Turkey.. Armenians are closer to middle easterners, ethnically, then they are Germany or Dutch
Still part of Europe. Europeans consider them Europeans. And I bet virtually all of Armenians consider themselves Europeans. So there.
Only if he had a Muslim name
Someone said that he was attempting suicide by provoking police.  He should have gotten a really dark tan before the incident.
Except police in  Canada isn't racist and doesn't kill people with cellphones on their hands

It’s all unraveling friends! Here’s the real collusion!!!@cnn #MAGA #DraintheSwamp #Trump https://davidharrisjr.com/politics/comey-memos-reveal-cnn-connection-to-dossier-leak/ …
Fucking bot
P0f
Canadiens innocent before proven guilty? I say Rewrite  international law for terrorism and dispose of these POS in the most painful way possible. Coward in a van.
I’ll never understand why people can’t just be kind... stop turning these stories into the opportunity to spew your own opinions...
People lost their lives today. Innocent people this isn’t about gun control, it’s about our society that’s out of control. Condolences
We need van control
Really, I thought his name was going to be Robert Smith....
This is sad all around. What drives someone with his whole life ahead of him to commit such a horrific and senseless act? Condolences to all affected.
Very sad news......
Of course CNN leads with G.H. Bush story on news site because this killing doesn't fit your agenda. Just sick.
Your wrong I heard about the Canada nightmare hours earlier!
Inspect his penis for telltale khatna!
Weird interrogation technique there kalyan lol 
Imagine that
It was. A terrorist attack.  Not a. "Incident" you morons #banislam
CNN get your facts right saying he was know by police that's what they say CTV News in Canada are saying but I'm in Canada and was watching CTV and they said not know get your facts straight
Global said 10 dead now and 15 injured.
https://twitter.com/LouDobbs/status/988561632019218433?s=19 …

Should we ban vans now?
Ban vans!
A Muslim Terrorist sources say
But yes, let more of these people into the country
white christians?
Aboriginals have been dealing with illegal immigrants for 500 years. They're called white people
Your welcome to come to the U.S and get shot and killed eating waffles, going to school, going to a concert, or dancing in a club .......and the great thing is the government does nothing about .....
So tell me whet should the Government do,ban guns? That should stop the bad guys right, o-o I know make gun laws tougher that would stop the black market. not it? Well then Enlighten me.
It worked with other countries... just saying... 
It did? So you telling me there’s a country that has banned all guns and the killing stoped can you tell me which one that is ... just asking
Norway remember a country that your president  appreciate.
So we should .compare my country to Norway little over 5 mil to over 350 mil people but although there murder crime is low its not Eliminated and child abuse domestic violence is up if someone wants to kill they will find a way like using a van.
It worked in Australia, too. More relatable? If crime rate is down, isn't that the way to go then?
Our numbers dropped as much as there’s with out gun bans  only a fool would believe banning guns will stop the bad guy from killing its a people issue not a gun issue dig into the facts look for common denominators of these mass shouters
How awful for Canada. God be with the families and victims. A van was used not a firearm. So much for gun control.
We already have gun control and it works, bark up a different tree gun nut.
Oh internet tough guy. I like your types
You seemed like a guy that's pro-LGBTQ. I'm straight, but whatever tickles your fancy big boy 
Like I said you are an internet tough guy. My respects to you. I am glad we are not face to face.
You seemed worried by me, I'm a cuddler not a fighter... Bring your cute butt up here!
Funny guy you are
https://twitter.com/QueenBDivine/status/984781595260239873 …
Is #Trudeau apologize to the muslim community yet ?! 
No ? He'll do it soon watch!
...they are alien to me:)
Put him in cage with polar bears !
To fast.. Beavers
Another compassionate Muslim?
Revise your history lessons ... Armenian are Christians. Ever heard about the Armenian genocide done by the Turcs.
We must ban Vans they kill people without reason.
Just as we expected.
A Canadian?
He's clearly mentally-ill and of Armenian Christian descent. 
I'm sure all the Muslim-hate is appreciated by those Muslims.
Cite your source which claims him to be Armenian Christian.... 

Yeah, I thought so...
Muslim name if I've heard one.
Erm... no? It's another way to write "Alex". Not exactly muslim, is it?
Seriously think that these people should be summarily executed.
Canadians? Harsh dude.
Doesn’t matter what nationality they are! Get it thru your skull, every race has pieces of shit! And ones like this should be dealt with properly and not cost us more Canadian tax dollars to put him in a country club prison
We should ban high capacity vehicles.

The last one is 'he did nuthing'
Mad Max World alive and well in Toronto.
Would not officially say it was intentional...what pisses me off, no I accidentally rented a van, accidentally speeded up, and accidentally killed 9 and injured many more...ok I’m sorry here’s $30 million in compensation
Someone should alert #rump that this is a Canadian, homegrown.
#trump
not arab no terrorist buy him a double whopper and pat his back poor boy
Not arab?
Lmao
The New York City Muslim used a Home Depot rental truck to kill. I say ban all immigrant driver's licenses now. Vans and trucks are more dangerous with Obama's relatives at the wheel.
Cite your source that claims he is a Christian? Yeah... I didn’t think so.
No pic? Must be another mentally unstable white dude
He’s not white
When will I see you again
Illegal Muslims and lovers of Radical Islam welcome to @CanadaFP .  Says the incompetent @CanadianPM @JustinTrudeau has blood on his hands.
How do you know this guy is Muslim?  I’m pretty sure his name is Armenian.
And most Armenians are Christian
Hey canucks, here’s a flowcart that we use here in the good ol’ USA #evilGOP
Correction he is a #asshat
Shocker
Look how common these vehicle rampage attack’s are getting. How in a free society do you even prevent them? Praying the death toll doesn’t go higher 
Every major city needs to put up relatively large concrete posts along high pedestrian traffic walkways. Basically the only way to limit the damage caused by these attacks.
I thought of that too and wondered how feasible that would be. 4000 miles of sidewalk in Chicago alone.
That's an incredible amount, but surely not that much is densely used all day. These idiots try to do as much damage as possible, if the cities can identify high danger spots it could at least limit their effectiveness.
how about we keep Muslims out of our country
how about keeping bigotry out of people?
Has anyone claimed responsibility for it yet?
Moderate Rebel's
Damn !!!
#islamicterroism real news say
What do you consider to be real news?

Unless it was an accident, it was terrorism, regardless of race or religion.
deepest condolences to the families of the victims ,
Isn't mass 3rd World immigration great?
The driver of the van that struck pedestrians in Toronto, killing at least nine, has been identified as Alek Minassian, sources say https://cnn.it/2HVOWQf  
He isn't Muslim though so try again
We need to ban Islam. Seems to be the #1 problem in the world.
Do we know a motive yet, or nah?
Might?
