
Of course traitor Comey had to say that. Saying otherwise admits his guilt.
The only f$ing Train Wreck is Comey himself... Remember the boy scout being questioned by Congress, this is a 180. He was a closet left winged activist and we all bought it. Makes Hoover look like a Saint.
How does Comey know anything he was dismantle and had no involvement with them. Talk about a grandstander with no credibility
I am sick and tired of the media giving this so called man the ability to speak.  All he wants is MONEY and FAME.
CNN.....PLEASE MOVE ON TO SOMEONE OR SOMETHING ELSE...PLEASE!!!!
Yes I agree, the media just wants to cover trump all the time. he is just interested in people being under his spell to follow him like Jim Jones and making millions off the US taxpayer every time he goes to he golf resorts. you did mean trump?
#FakeNewsCNN Always hitching themselves to losers and haters! And CNN wonders why we they are fake news and their credibility continues to slide?? What happened to real reporting ? #leftbiashaters
You are disapointng your follower
Like your post! We would like to invite you to see a cartoon about Trump.
It is very funny 
The bad thing is that Trump thinks of the investigation as about him, not about Russia trying to interfere in the democratic processes of our nation.
I’m sure that helps the process. #noskininthegame
@comey lives in a glass house.
#RemoveNunes #NunesMustGo
I hope his constituents run him out of town when he loses his seat.  He should be ashamed of himself
These people did not elect him
Liar should be in Jail.
Not the right guy to criticize anyone or anything!
Comey 
Because he’s trying to CYA as he knows he’s going to be indicted very soon.   Where will CRAP NEWS NETWORK (cnn) be....   they should be covering the showe scenes when comey drops the soap...  that’s all they’re good for....  word porn
AGREED!
He’s the wreck
This channel is just garbage
The Clinton Foundation spent $316 million on "Salaries and Benefits" during 2014-2016.

Seems legit. 
#ObamaGate
TAKES ONE TO KNOW ONE
U bet he did cause his finger prints were all over trying to obstruct an mislead that Congressional Committee. Comey an company are coming up lame in the final stretch appearing silly an foolish.
Comey a true American hero.  He has so much on Dishonest Donny.  Comey and Cohen equal impeachment for the Illegitimate, thin skinned and clueless current “President”. You got into office illegally and our great legal system will get you out!
All true

.@CNN:

- hired Clapper after he leaked to them…
its simple for most Americans, while no one tells the truth all the time, its still important they tell the truth most of the time.  So if its deciding who to believe most of the time Comey or Trump.. Hands down its Comey.
O MY GOD...He is sooooo up to his eyeballs.
Yes...politicized...the are more Democrats in house intelligence committee than Republican leaning investigators on Mueller team.  #WitchHunt
He is kidding..right.. His word us worthless and he is a disgrace to the FBI..
Never talk about this, because it might upset your corporate bosses and get you fired
The same people who call a job guarantee a crazy communist plot allowed corporate America to hollow out the middle class by shipping 3.4 million U.S. jobs to China.…
Well,  it was
I thought he was talking about himself.
The ding bat Comey is the wreck to our society
Ups my husband correct me you are right
Criminal Comey should be in jail along with H.Rotten Clnton and Obummer.
But he keeps telling us he's not political.
Does telling  the truth means political?
His is an opinion at best &  not truth. And yes it is political fopr the former Dir of the FBI to take a position on this investogation at this point in time. A non partisan FBI Dir wld never do so.
It means that nobody should comment on an issue that is a joke because it will be political, right?
Everyone has an opinion. And you know what they say about opinions.

And he was being kind saying that...
Republicans get out and vote. Leave Comey, H.Rotten and the rest of Obummer criminal holdovers in the dust.
I don’t trust him.
Criminal Comey trying to sell his fictional crap of a book. Pitiful little man will be charged.
True & stating the obvious!!
well, of course he would say that...duh cnn...wow some people are so dumb..check out the testimony of that Jones guy who was aide to dianne feinstein...he pretty much tells it all and it is nothing like you report...lie much cnn?
Notice he didn't specify a single thing in the report that wasn't true.
The report is accurate. The FBI DOJ NSA DoS DNI Obama WH were
complicit in pressing the absurd Russia hoax to destroy DJT before & 
after the election. Treason!
Just like your investigation into Hillary.
Who cares what he thinks.
That is always the reaction from the left when the truth comes out.
Comey is a liar & leaker.
Wreck is our government
Yea. Let’s all believe @Comey
This guy is the biggest fraud bureaucratic office I've ever seen

IG report will expose @JamesComeyFBI and his gang of thieves.
I see Trump's Queens of Denial are out in full force.
Comey needs to shut up. No one cares what he says. He is just trying to sell his book
speaking of a "wreck" James Comey is the definition of a wreck
Very true!!!
I endorse @Comey ‘s ability to recognize a train wreck
Comey is a joke!! He’s a leaker and full of crap!! We all hope he ends up in prison!
Meanwhile during his career opioids, human trafficking and massive fatherhood corruption and cover ups of deaths in local communities have happened. I want my tax money back.
Very true statement, it was a bias committee to begin with all to be in Trumps favor, already had Mueller investigating but decided to have their own to try to discredit the Mueller investigation.  It won't work !!!
To bad you think that way, there is no witch hunt, there is only truth, witch will come out one Mueller investigation is completed.
Says the crooked guy
The house investigation is a wreck?  Comey would know - HRC's investigation was pathetic
The majority of the Republicans have lost their moral backbone and are just anti America except for capitalism.  The democrats aren’t much better but at least they have a moral compass of some nature.  As an American, I am really interested in the findings of Mueller.
It actually was a waste of time and effort. With Devon Nunes chairing the committee, it became trump’s committee.  @Comey
I called it a sham.  He was too nice to those traitors.
The democrats have the same lack of evidence!!! They just want to prolong the inevitable!!!#NOCOLLUSIAN
Well he would since he will eventually be on the wrong side of it
So, the question is: do we want to know how Russia interfered in our election & did they have help from inside? Yes! Comey was investigating this & was fired b/c of it. He did the right thing to trigger a special counsel. Presidential power is not unlimited.
Not surprising from a discredited Comey who continues to lie because he does not remember his previous lies! He is been promoted by CNN, Clinton News Network, fearing exposure!
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLO, this from @Comey
Comey's going to jail, there is no way around it
Comey is such a reliable source.   what a penis.
Others think so, too.
A highly partisan, incomplete, and deeply flawed report by a broken House Committee means nothing. The Special Counsel’s work is being carried out by professional investigators—not political staffers. SC’s findings will be comprehensive & authoritative. Stay tuned, Mr. Trump.... …
its a lot more legitimate than your freakin book
If the shoe fits.
Anybody that doesn’t agree with Stretch is a deplorable!! Who does that sound like??
He's one to talk
Comey is the f—ing train wreck
 you #MAGAmorons
Come on @CNN it's been proven that this guy is liar and fraud.He should be jailed simple
Go ahead and post this “proof” I’ll wait.
Look at all the videos on his book tour, dont be lazy
If ur so sure Mueller will find collusion then why are u attacking the meaningless House investigation???  LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL  #Trump2020
If your so sure trumps not a traitor...why are you so affraid
Comey is running scared ....his days are numbered ....Gitmo awaits him and his gang of libs leakers

Oh, Mr. Comey, that's not what the evidence proves.

.302s manipulation
.FISA abuse
.FISC Judge corruption
.No intelligence to support Trump Campaign Russian collusion

How many times did McCabe lie under oath?

How many times have you lied under oath?
Pretty sure that Comey is getting to run as the GOP candidate for 2020
If anyone knows a wreck, it's Comey....although he took a swing and missed on this one.
treasonous criminal is he
Bwahahahaha look who’s talking about being a wreck!
I’m guessing he didn’t like the results. 
Comey has zero credibility. Anyone with a brainpan larger than a potato knows that. Trump should hire him back just to watch liberals hate him again. 
This is same guy that was told by Obama to not prosecute Hillary.
The damage this guy is doing to the 
FBI along with his cohorts will take years to correct.
Its a shame for the honest,hard working agents at FBI to have to watch what a handful of top people have done
Comey u lying hack who has ruined the rep of the FBI by lying and saying something new and different daily U belong in jail u hack
The house Intel committee doesn't amount to anything.
The final word comes from Mueller and his investigators.
Not the republican party.
It's well known fact Republican Trump/Russia investigation conclusions are false GOP first & only priority is protect Trump by doing this every Republican is guilty of Treason

HE HAS A HELL OF A LOT TO SAY!!!
This pathetic man is still out there incriminating himself. Both sad and hilarious to watch
You were the director of the FBI. You screwed it up
He's right! A bunch of hack, spineless Republicans that have to be lead around by a fucking nose ring. Comey's many times the Patriot of any Trump goon.
Trump is 10X the man,American and president Obummer could ever hope to be.
Jimbo the leaking Felon book tour
Just like that Hillary letter he send a couple of days before the election.... 
This is coming from the leader of the corruption levels that existed at the FBI. Comey how about you keep quiet before you incriminate yourself even more. You leaked your memos with the intent to get a special prosecutor so you did it with malicious intent. Justice is coming 4U.
He has committed no crimes...unlike Trump the conman.
Anyone doubt Nunes drove the Donny train directly to the soiled tissues he used the publish his crap?
He is trouble
@cnn

This breaking  news  by @cnnbrk   wow

He is a disgrace!! He will forever go down as a disgraced former FBI director. He is now a partisan hack.
He is more credible and truthful and not disgraced. So, I beg to disagree.
If you think his behavior is normal, then don't believe me. The Inspector General's report is coming out this month. Everyone fought with me on twitter about McCabe's behavior until the report came out on him and showed his criminal behavior. You'll see...
Comey is stating what anybody with 3 brain cells knows. Also, Devin Nunes is a complicit Trump bootlicker.
Comey claims he didn’t know that fusion GPS was completely funded by the Democrats.... first thing u do during an investigation is check the sources instead of just excepting them. He belongs in jail
Fusion GPS was originally funded by conservative sources, so you are full of s**t.
Calling it politicized is like calling water wet.
Um, duh.



Like he has room to talk.
He does!
He basically admitted he conducted his Hillary investigation on which way the political winds were blowing. That’s not integrity.

