And he’s right...
Question.... do you think that Kim trusts Putin enough? I was just wondering if Kim would pass over his nukes to Putin and Russia would then promise to protect nk??
I think Russia and China want the US off the Korean Peninsula in total...I’d say that is never gonna happen but if it ever does and you know who gives away the bank...you should start to build your bunker...because a major reset is approaching faster than many care to see
I too agree Russia and China want the USA out. And believe the 3 (Russia, China and NK) have developed a plan to achieve that solution.
Was just in Canada for 6 days, all Americans should go there to remind ourselves how to welcome immigrants.
Thousands of Americans have been coming up here seeking asylum from Trump. By the end of this year it is predicted that a total of 1.2 million will seek asylum here. This is how Donald Trump is creating employment.... people being forced out of the USA.
John You have no shot whatsoever you did not have a chance in 2016 and you don’t have a chance now! Everybody sees through you! MoveOn
John Kasich thinks he has a shot at beating Trump. 

Good luck with ALLLLL that!
Kasich won ONE state....his own.  Good luck with that thinking John.
Oh good Lord, Kasich. It's time to retire.
Cannot trust John either..
North Korea can not be trusted.
and who listens to this guy. Not even his own party!
All North Korea has to do is flatter Trump and they can get whatever they want that nobody on the plant except Trump will believe is the right thing to do. Sound familiar?
Can not trust the Koreans without a doubt. Nobody does a total about face.  Not believing them.
He'll say anything bad about Trump let's face it he's just a rino
Little bites John, take little bites
Lol Kasich is the loser who finished fourth in a three-man race.  His opinion is worthless.
#FakeNews
Mr. Kasich, set up a rally in your home state of Ohio and see if anybody shows up! I doubt it your messages week and we need somebody strong like the president make America great again!
If we listened to this guy....
YOU CANT TRUST JOHN KASICH EITHER !
The persons involved in similar activities know each other better than others do. 

It is about time for US troops to vacate S Korea.
I agree.   Both South Korea and North Korea have a bigger enemy and that is Trump. The Donald cannot keep threatening countries and thinking they won't do anything about it especially an allie like South Korea.    1 0f 2
Trump or POTUS is merely a pawn, a half-truth. US National Interest in other territories (regardless of party lines) is the bigger enemy for a unified Korea in particular.
And the nation proved you couldn’t be trusted to run the country or defeat Hillary.
Words of wisdom from a guy who can’t even win his own state.. 
Go away Johnny!
Why do the insignificant feel the need to chime in?
aint no brakes on the nuclear war train when a bunch of billionaires stand to make a lot more billions from it.
nadine, you are NOTHINGUINE, Trump made history and both Koreas are reunited. ACCEPT IT.
Thanks John we understand but you can't look away while the North hurls missles over Japan and threatens Guam. Somebody had to do something and somebody did.
No shit genius. Why does he listen to the President? 

He will never hold office again.  He is showing his true colors.
North Korea can’t be trusted. But their leadership knows Trump means business, unlike past administrations.
If you have no trust, why do you start this ?  If you show your sincerity , mutual trust can be built more and more and NK will be another partner, I think.
This is all BS  to all the people who are watching this
The only place that POS can get any attention is on #FakeNews
I don't think you have to tell Trump that ! Somebody should have told Clinton, Bush and Obama !!
You can't trust career politicians either
Wow did he just figure that out? But we can trust Iran right?
There is no reason of expressing doubt over the move of N.Korea.
@SenJohnMcCain v2.0
Yep, you @JohnKasich and @Comey are fake republicans. You are like a child with no home. Nobody wants you. Good!
American politicians are so upset they're not going to get a pointless war
We try to run the entire world using god and freedom as our excuse. It's b/s and wrong on so many levels. I respect N. Korea for the steps they are making & the example they are setting. Maybe we should stop calling everybody evil who doesn't adapt to western way of thinking.
You are so funny.
Ok,  good point.  Smh
John Kasch was a spoiler in the GOP primaries & offered nothing to the national platform. Maybe Ohio sees value in him but CNN, his comments during sensitive time w/ N. Korea are destructive!
Kasich just keep on eating Pizza & shut your !
You can't just trust Ohio Gov．John Kasich.
The fact he's on CNN tells me all I need to know.
Wonderful way to start negotiations. Thanks Johnny
Visa versa
Were would be without that insight from Kasich.    Next he’ll tell us we need air to breath
I think North Korea knows that all it has to do is flatter Trump and they can get what they want out of Trump, right France? China? Philippines?
All nuclear weapon should be dismantled even for usa
hahaha....
 one says "war, war, war"...  the 2nd one says "peace, reunion, peace".
and then someone comes up and says "don't trust what the 2nd one wants".
Bec North Korea has done this before. Say they want peace and then pull out at the last minute.
Yes!! Someone finally said it!! I hope it's not true... By why is he doing this?
so is no one bringing up the idea trump is overpraising kim john while we're only discussing the nuclear arsenal and not his dictatorial leadership, which led to the trial and death of otto warmbier?
 Don’t worry John  President Trump will take care of it
No shit SHERLOCK  tell us something we don't know. Trump got us this far LET HIM FINISH
Oh look who's on CNN   pretend Republican
Why don’t you people just give it up already don’t believe CNN
Check out this mans files....you will see why he got out while he could.
What a jerk!
Agree!
I haven’t seen any signs of that. I suggest CNN look for real news, instead of dragging out Trump haters.
Ok senator take the walk of peace across the North Korea border and personally ask that question!
Yeah ... but it’s worth a try
I wouldnt belive him too its a ploy
His guy is a RINO.
I wonder if there will be any talks of possible reforms in North Korea. There are a lot of encouraging things happening. It would be nice  if simple social or prisoner reforms could be stepped toward. I think it's a reasonable approach denuclearizing and ending the Korean war.
PNN can Relate to not being TRUSTED, right Jake you and Clapper?
YOUR TIME IS OUT....GET BACK...STAY BACK...YOU ARE  LIKE CNN.....OF TRACK....
Kim trusts Putin and China. Not Americans
Trust Koreans
You can't just trust Americans, they are liars, North Koreans are trustworthy. Americans break their promises
I didn't vote for him, but out of  any POTUS in the era of NK nukes, Trump eould be the one to actually make a deal that works. No trust without verification, real boots on the ground accountability...
Too bad you get nothing right
You can't just trust @JohnKasich, warns every sensible person with half a brain cell.
You can if you negotiate from strength and I don’t remember who are you
n what abt u Governer??? What u guys did to a world??? R u blind???
You also can't trust people who promise to support their Party nominee, then weasel out on it...
No shit, John?
Did you come to that conclusion on your own?
Damn you are insightful.
When it comes to making peacetimes with aggressive foreign nations, who CAN you trust? You CHOOSE to do so and hope for he best possible outcome and you WORK for that outcome contantly so that peace stays in the table. The End.
sorry bull S—T
May be he is right, but never trust USA - the lying hypocrites
But we can trust US
@JohnKasich infinitely wise ;-/
This guy makes Jeb look like a Mensa member. He's no more Republican than Kucinich or Hickenlooper.
Kasick go home, who’s just trusting them, Kasick is so irrelevant and did nothing to promote the talks going on in Korea

Do you have the monopoly of truth? False sperms!
No kidding. Trust but verify.
You think!
And.where did anyone suggest POTUS or his administration trusted the North Koreans?
This guy is a looser  , MG he is soon would not have any power
Who cares what he thinks
Dude please go home
But, But, Oompa Loompa said Kim is honorable.

Why is thus clown on tv? Listen to POTUS, he is cautious optimistic.
But why not? President Trump says it's ok. Isn't this country rebuilt on blind Faith, even when the evidence is stinging your eyes?
Coming from a man who lost every state in the presidential primary but his own. Kasich, go back to bed, President Trump is doing very well on his own with this one.
Great loser
Exactly.
Can't trust the democrats,whats your point.
? No payment yet?
How long has your sorry a$$ been around?  Time to go, term limits
Ever heard of.. Keep friends close But keep your Enemies closer
Agree there 
Uh oh.... not if they are friendly with The north!!!!????? I think Kasich drank the Trump koolaid.....
He won 1 state,go the fk away. RINO -republican in name only.Also he is on CNN,credibility gone.Conspiring with the obstructionist and propagandist.
Trust but verify through strength. History says they will not be honest.
Exactly! I don't trust NK at all.  Anyone that would have their own family members killed is NOT to be trusted.
Who said they were trusted?
@JohnKasich A gentle tip respective of NK: Please take into consideration the fact that neither @POTUS or us "forgotten" ones are naive. Thank you.
Oh really...thanks for the tip..we didn't know that
Kasich is not a Republican in the same way Romney isn’t either. The Establishment needs to get the f*** out of our way. It isn’t 1996 anymore, Nov 8 ‘16 was a political revolution for the GOP. 1/3 of Republicans need to go. #MAGA
You also can't trust American politicians, what's the difference?
It's with strong scientific data N. Korea destroyed their underground NUKE site during testing! Likely, they don't have the capability to test . #WSJ
You can't trust republicans either.
They'll follow their dear leader Trump into hell.
Tapper and Kasich: Con-man talking to con-man IMO.
You don’t say!!! Obviously your not aware of the statement. Trust Nobody.
I wonder what investments he has or plan on having to keep a war going with North Korea. Or maybe he is trying to make himself relevant. You want to be relevant stay in your lane and help your state. You are not the POTUS. It always amazes me that citizens do not look at state.
#Kasich sounds like a former #noko official interviewed on NPR last week who said #Kimjongun is simply playing everyone for time to complete the bombs. #NorthKorea  has no intention of de-nuking he said.
I would rather Give Peace a Chance
The responses to this are almost too stupid to address...
Ah.... Gov talks...  That's All Folks!
Further evidence of why no one other than Ohioan's trusts you, Governor.
Not surprising American and their leader's have trust issues
Haha americans are cowards
Aww he wants war.
Nobody trust them @JohnKasich! Trump has done more concerning NK than any of your liberal friends have ever  even attempted!
Please don’t comment John Kasich. Still waiting for your positive influence.
Or anyone in government really...
You mean we can't thrust the Democrats
Donald Trump was right, all of these  meeley mouth’s tried to get stuff done in the last 25 years and couldn’t get a sit down now Trump does!
Go on SEAN HANNITY Kasich.
Bahahahahaha!!!!
Stupid Donald Trump knows what he is doing!
But we can control what They are doing.

