What store sells this laced stuff
Good anyone foolish enough to smoke that shit should die
Those people are stupid & they are adults. You can't watch them 24/7 & you can't tell them what to do because they are (immature) adults, so what do you do? You can't do nothing. Nobody is holding a gun to their head to use this crap, & nobody is holding a gun to it to stop them.
natural selection at work
I guess you never heard of rhetorical questions...
it was a comment agreeing with your statement....dumbass!
Why was this store allowed to sell a controlled substance synthetic cannabinoids? Citizens were being arrested for possession, hospitalized and murdered.
Kids! Don't do synthetic weed. Do real weed!  Seriously.
What are you going to do about it? Nothing you can do. Those Fools chose to put that crap into their bodies willingly. Like you knowingly touching a hot stove & then feeling guilty about it, later on, when you should be feeling Foolish instead of feeling sorry for the act.
https://youtu.be/Ev5I6vRul0Y 

#Ilcorrupt
If you don’t do your job Jacksonville how are we supposed to do ours? It’s hard to go to work when a store is selling our family poison on a store shelf.
Why is this fake stuff still legal but the real marijuana illegal? Marijuana has not killed anyone directly from bleeding. This makes no sense.
Its not really marijuana
Where did the fake weed come from though? It looks like those other packages that had kids tripping and at least one death a few years back. This looks like an attack on the REAL CANNABIS legalization right now. Probably Monsanto up to their same old tricks to make money.BS
Another reason to legalise.
#ilcorrupt
Mr President if this store would have sold your son poison and you found out the Gov and Sheriff knew for over 4 years this was being sold what would be Rick Scott’s nickname?
Why was @CityofJax letting #SmokersVideo in #Jacksonville #Florida poison our community with deadly synthetic Cannabinoids #Opioids Vs #SpiceWeed #BoycottSpringBreak 
That looks nothing like marijuana. What is that?
This has been around the UK for a while now. The bigger 'names' are Mamba and Spice and it is a brutal thing for stupid people. Just smoke a joint and chill out, muppets!
Time to legalize the real stuff ... time to quit playing games and fuck the pharmacies!
Many years ago I lost a friend to heroin mixed with powdered bleach.
How about people learn to enjoy their life without having to be roasted all day then they will live longer and be more productive.
Serious Munchies after too much weed
Don’t. buy. this. stuff.
Pot purée!
Never by weed of the street
KNOW your weed
It would take a messed up individual to do this.
Should find the ones responsible and give them death penalty
I will shout it from the mountain top that Jacksonville was letting a store poison our community for years @LorettaLynn @CityofJax
Nasty Deplorable Jacksonville how many kids did you kill today ?
Bradford County Sheriff said if this store was in Bradford county they wound have shut them down immediately. Jacksonville Sheriff didn’t even want to take my police report I demanded they do something so they transferred me to the Narcodics dept 05/2015
That shit should be prosecuted on the same level as Fentanyl.
I reported this to the Sheriff 05/2015 and was begging the store to stop selling this poison to my family member who was addicted since he was 15 from the same store. If they would have killed my family member I would have drove my car thru their drive thru window...
I wouldn’t recommend anyone trusting the City of Jacksonville to keep your family safe. If they knew this store was selling deadly poison for years and just allowed it what else are they allowing in Jacksonville
This stuff is still a thing what are people doing
Why isn’t this shit legal
K2 fake shit is deadly
More proof people are stupid.
you ( the company/business..not you who is paid to send out tweets on behalf of them) advertise promote and report death... poverty.. injustice and unjustified crimes while pushing paid employees to further promote the agenda  of death poverty injustice and unjustified crimes
Why didn’t Gov Rick Scott respond when we contacted his office? If this is how he Governs why would we want to elect him to be a senator ?
#RickScott refused to respond to messages regarding a store in Jacksonville poisoning our community. Let’s show him the same respect #VoteHimOut   #SexyBeaches #LoveFl @CityofJax @myfloridavote 
Synthetic cannabinoids ?   This stuff is has nothing to do with and should not be mentioned with cannabis.  One kills, one heals.  Why would you make a connection like this?  Poor journalism.  No digging for information.  Just regurgitating “stuff” you heard.
What's a cannabinoid?! Stick to the sticky icky!
Are they still laughing? I’m not...
When I reported this to the police they laugh at me.
Hmm. Havent had any issues like this in nevada since we legalized it.... just saying.
They say the store keep changing the components of the substance but they were arresting citizens on A daily basis for years. Why was this poison allowed to kill that kid and poison our community for so many years???
Because they can not smoke cannabis
This substance is not in any way related to Cannabis. To continue to refer to random weeds sprayed with chemicals as “synthetic cannabis” is incorrect and dangerous. Please stop!  Marijuana (Cannabis), the actual plant, is a safe option.
Everyone says we need to stand up when we see something say something. How come the media don’t have time to listen to this story? Even Gov Rick Scott didn’t have time to respond so we put his name on a billboard headed to Jacksonville
Imagine that. Now if the real cannabis was legal people wouldn’t be chasing a man made substitute. But, people like @MikePenceVP claim that marijuana is going to ruin this country. Stats don’t lie. Big Pharma and other cash cows keep the gov on lock. Who runs what?
Bingo. Tell him what he was won Chuck.
Four less dope heads.
STOP CALLING THESE ABOMINATIONS CANNABANOIDS OF ANY SORT!!
CNN we had a store selling illegal synthetic spice for years citizens were being arrested for possession of controlled substance wile this store was poisoning our community. How do we get CNNs attention to investigate this story? We had @andersoncooper 20 feet in the air
#HighAndDead
Can you please stop calling it synthetic marijuana or synthetic cannabinoids? Marijuana is a completely natural, healing plant. K2 or "Spice" is a man made product just like the opioids that kill thousands of Americans each year.
Americans want and need to get high. Why, look at who is our President and think. Could you really deal with a narcissistic ass bag like that, for another two years!?
Don't smoke weed
He clearly didn’t.
Fine dont use "cannabinoids"
Why would anyone smoke this?
Chilling mixture.
Good fucking god, people, Legalize regular marijuana. On what planet does it make sense to use a dangerous fake over a widely available, safe product?
Stop smoking that fake shit people
Some much shit from fake weed it's fucked up that the real thing that has been used since the dawn of time has not once killed someone but yet remains Illegal when this fake weed, alcohol and pharmaceuticals which are all legal kill every day
People use "fake" weed so the can pass drug tests and get jobs. More than laws have to change to stop its use.


Stupid
Its like putting razor blades in candy at Halloween. Please catch this sick person and get them some help..
Don't mess with fake weed, just use real plants.
The woman was in her 30s.
If it was legal we wouldnt have this problem.  The real stuff is harmless.
A woman from central Illinois has become the fourth person in the state to die from synthetic marijuana.
There is no such thing as synthetic marijuana
That looks vegan cereal
Why smoke this shit for? Fuckin fiends
So sad Praying for the safety of all in Illinois and for the 4 victims families!? 
Must be a anti smoker nut  power tripping  over the edge
Real or fake they're both nasty
looks like my diarrhea after chipotle
WTH!!!
Hubblev
Oh for God’s sake folks, grow it yourself. It’s a weed! Oh Canada!
Real cannabis doesn't kill anyone.
This never would of happened with real marijuana
Oh, that is awful.
And this is why I dont smoke anymore thank you God for saving me smh
now more than ever - legalize.
Decriminalize is the better move
It doesn't even look like cannabis.
Potpourri
sprayed with chemicals 
So nasty! Oh no!

#AliunWaliullah
