This is the epitome of #whiteprivilege ... The #police can take him peacefully but unarmed men like #StephonClark #altonsterling #tamirrice are gunned down without a thought #blacklivesmatter
Sterling and rice had weapons
#TamirRice a 12 year old boy had a weapon?? Or a #toy? It took the officer seconds to murder him. As for #AltonSterling the officer who murdered him could be heard on camera stating "I'll kill you bi#$h" at the very beginning of the incident #Salamoni was looking to kill...R.I.P.
He was not looking to kill him. If that was the case he would have killed him as soon as he got to the scene.
The video tells a different story
So, once again, a white male who murdered 4 people and was likely armed was taken into custody by police unharmed but unarmed black men are routinely gunned down by cops because living while black is more of a threat than white mass murderer. Ok then 
Nice sub tweet I see you trying get them likes
Emma, don't mind Tony. He is trying to remind us that abortion isn't a bad thing, his life is the example.
This f*cking loser @paralyzerwolf has 13 followers....he's a goddamn troll who wants 2 be known....screw him and his incestuous pedophile azz uncle whom he meets weekly in their grandmother's bathroom to get diddled!!!
2nd twitter acc lol other 1 has 300+  nice try
What sane person say these  type of stuff? You must enjoy these activity's.
Another DOMESTIC TERRORIST with an AR-15.
Democrats haven't been this unhinged since Republican President Lincoln took their Slaves away.

A domestic terrorist! Oh, I forgot you have to be Muslim, Black, Immigrant, or Hispanic to be labeled that! Shameful!
When will you people just give it a rest and join society. If blacks would just try putting up their hands like all the other colors of people do. . Not that hard.
I don’t know what planet you are from, not a lot of us people got shot while our hands was up! Some white officials that shares your view are the ones killing us people! If your people(racist white bigots) wearing the uniform will honor their badge, this wouldn’t be a problem!
THINK.!!  Why isn’t this happening to Asians, Indians and whites more often. You are blind. .. All your culture can come up with is .. Oh. It must be because white cops are racists and like to shoot blacks. Nope. Cops just want to do their job and get hone to their families.
It’s not happening to them because they’re more respected by law enforcement and the courts! Blacks are more likely to be victims of police brutality than any other race! If you didn’t have a one track mind, you would understand that! Have some understanding!
Did they take him out for breakfast after? I mean, not the Waffle House, maybe Denny’s? They are pretty racist at Denny’s
When I was a kid Denny’s used to be called Sambo’s, as in little black Sambo.
Holy shit, that is disgusting. I feel like now that my eyes have been opened, I was never racists, but definitely never thought about my privilege, just existed, anyway, it’s hard not to see the racism everywhere, it’s insidious
You are one of few people who see that the playing field isn't always fair!!!
Always the same smug and surprised expression: "It wasn't me, officer! It was the one-armed man!"
Shocked that he wasn’t fatally shot. Wait, he’s white. Makes sense.
If blacks would just try putting up their hands like all the other colors of people do. . Not that hard.
So every time we see a police officer, no matter if you are just walking down the street or standing on your porch, just raise your hands high? We shouldn't have to live like that.
Well then stop committing almost all of the street crime.  And when a cop says stop. You stop. And lose that attitude when cops are asking questions. . You’ve got to admit. It’s really up to you. So therefore, your fault. . Why can’t we just all get along. ~ RK
What a Looney tune
Probably with Don Lemon rehearsing lines

Good thing he didn’t have a cell phone on him #StephonClark
True that, but unlike the brothers executed by cops for, I can't breathe, hands up, cell phones, toy guns, shot in my car with license to carry, etc they get to have their day in court!
You do realize the Mike Brown thing was a farce and that started the BLM movement on a lie.
Even if that was remotely true, what about the other lives lost?
I think you meant the white Suspected terrorist! I think there is too many mentally disturbed white folks going around. Rest of the white folks should condemn this senseless acts. We should start a war on mentally disturbed white folks with guns.
Thank goodness for @bluelivesmtr this perp had been disarmed by the Hero at the Waffle House . Well done Police #WaffleHouseShooting #killer #BlueLivesMatter
What do blue lives have to do with any of this? Police weren't under attack. Young people of color, black people, lost their lives!
I vote for his mother and father not to be allowed to breed ever again!
@johngray does this make you want to stop eating at the Waffle House??
Why do these guys always get captured alive....
Punk ass bitch
Guy deserves a bullet not an arrest
This is what can happen, no matter all the signs of mental disturbance, when the signs are ignored.   His mental illness was not treated..
CNN like this news!   To spin GUN CONTROL!     CNN = OBAMA & CLINTON NEWS
We should issue a gun and gun permit to All Resturtant Managers to reduce these incidents 

Just simply why,  young white men hating, has got to be dealt with, killing innocence,  before it could grow.. his father should stand in court by his side guilty of association,  but of course wishful thoughts. If he where black he would be 999yrs, but privilege  before justice
I'd like to know why if it's a white person that kills he has mental problem but if it's s black person he or she is plain evil hum wonder why think!!!
Trumptard.. Sick Mofo
Captured alive after killing innocent people 
So glad he's finally been caught!
Probably Muslims. Oh, wait CNN loves muslims. Valerie Jarrett Iranian daughter works there. So,does David hoggs mom
It's sad that young people ruin their lives by killing innocent humans,why? One has yet to understand this kind of behaviour,can't fathom.
CAPTURED!
public execution is in order
If the shooter at Nashville was a black man what were the chances he’ll be caught alive?
If you are a shooter white or black, I don't care if you are caught alive or dead.
Now kill him, that would be justice. He killed on purpose so he dies. Plain and simple
The white guys áre ALWAYS found AND arrested.he killed a few.unarmed Blacks áre ALWAYS killed.WHY?
He’s so crazy they should have confiscated his guns
And another white boy who kills comes out of this alive hmmm how about that
Found and alive and well. Interesting.
they should've shot him down like he shot down those innocent people.
Now we hav a terror attack in Toronto n a stabbing in NYC
No harm done to this murderer huh?

And he is not naked
White armed murderer = captured alive. 

Black unarmed innocent = dead

Racism much?
Exercising his second amendment rights.
Absolutely outrageous that his family knew he was delusional and returned guns to him. The father should face charges as well....
“Very fine people, I suppose” Donald Trump @realDonaldTrump
Stop confusing us.Others are saying that he is on the run.
Trump will pardon him..
Cowardly bastard...
Guessing,---- a trumplethinskin supporter
He look like he getting lectured by his mother after he got in trouble at school
I wonder if they took him to McDonald's,,
And look, possibly armed and dangerous ... And veey much alive.
Wow.
White privileged!!!. He gets to see his day in court. If he was black or brown he would have been a goner...crazy how this world works
Hey police don't forget to take him back to the Waffle House I'm sure he is hungry...poor white guy
A black man sitting in a restaurant or a black man holding a book is more dangerous than this man. America knows that a 100%. Too good im Asian.
#Godislove
"Behold a pale horse"
What a POS.
Without harming him....
Did they also take him to Burger King or did he not kill enough black people to get Burger King? Another armed white mass murderer arrested
Hillary supporter no doubt
Hard to be intimidating when you're nickname is waffle house shooter.
Still haven't understood anything about his possible motive.
From the article: The Sheriff said deputies returned the guns to Reinking’s father on the promise that he would ‘‘keep the weapons secure and out of the possession of Travis.’’  Reinking’s father ‘‘has now acknowledged giving them back’’ to his son.

He should go to jail.
Another white terrorist taken alive did they take him to the waffle House for waffles?
Who gave his racist ass clothes?
Is his breakfast being ordered from Waffle House?
& Finally got some clothes on....
Another white man. 
I am sure many people can now breath a sigh of relief instead of making this political how bout we remember the lives lost. And the families and their grieving.
Damn fine Police work, damn fine.
but yet they ain't kill the fool
In my house, we all won the bet that he'd be taken alive. No manhandling, choking or mistaken cell phones. Amazing isn't it?
Funny how 10 minutes after he kills 4 people, the authorities know his mental history, but black men, they find out after he's dead.
Are they taking his father in also? He gave him back the guns when he said he wouldn’t!
Should say white terrorist
Why isn't the shooter's father not in jail for giving him his guns back?
It's interesting how @CNN was already sanitising this kid, talking about his mental health problems just hours after his attack on innocent people. I'll bet that kind of background would not be available for a black person shot by police
He must have been famished hiding in the woods this long. Did they take him to the nearest Waffle House for a bite to eat before the arrest?

The waffle house Caucasian gunman will be brought in by the police, unharmed without any bruise. Remember this tweet. 
Not only the justice, but also the media is part of this racist system! @CNN @nbc @FoxNews  stop killing black people!! Corrupt police! Corrupt media, corrupt judges, corrut president! #banguns ban those guns! Educate and spead love.
I hope he's found guilty, sentenced to life without times four  and serves his terms in general population.
Yet another killer the cops had contact with before this and they let them go.
How about his father be brought up on charges of accomplice to murder, since he gave the weapons back to his son after the authorities confiscated them from him cause he wasn't fit to have them?
Why where they even given back at all
This is pretty discusting.  His father needs to be charged as an accessory to murder if, as the stories say, he was suppose to keep the guns away from him after he was arrested for breaching the White House security perimeter
What’s next? A trip to Burger King like the Charleston Shooter?
Time to start asking ourselves why  so many young and less young people end up doing this. What's the common denominator? Why other developed nations don't experience this? Find the cause and make the change.
Will he also be appearing in court naked?
Death penalty please
4 people died no reason  this guy should have been in jail or a mental institution
Domestic terrorist
Sweet!  Now he can be jailed with all the people he thinks he's better than. They'll straighten him out (ahem) quickly. Then, of course the NRA--and by extension, Fox News and Republicans, will consider him a victim
And taken into custody alive. Not shot 30 times for holding a phone.
He committed  murder.
fry him
Damn,  why didn’t they shoot him??
Glad they caught this shooter! Ppl can b more confident that he isn’t out there anymore!
How did he manage not to be shot by police?? White?? All the shootings have been done by white American men!! not immigrants!!
They taking him to burger king or nah?
Glad they catch him
It always amaze me how white terrorists that commit mass murders are arrested alive while a POC dies for having a busted taillight, is holding a cellphone or carrying a plumbing pipe. They should all come out alive and then face fair justice if required.
Taken alive...that sounds about white.
If blacks would just try putting up their hands like all the other colors of people do. . Not that hard.
Ugh
@POTUS
No more #pedovores 

http://uscode.house.gov/view.xhtml?req=11A+P+2.2&f=treesort&fq=true&num=0&hl=true&edition=prelim&granuleId=USC-prelim-title50-section1701 …
i am willing to bet if this sicko was an african american, he would have been shot multiple times...
What a waste of life!!!!!
and everyone blames illegals for everything. stupid
A nice job there
“This turned out well in the end, but Nashville authorities and Mayor Riley really dropped the ball not ordering a mandatory closure of all area schools. Travis Reinking was literally found near a high school. He was believed to be armed with a handgun.” Eugene Gu MD
He should get the death penalty.
Because we only shoot black unarmed men who haven’t actually killed anyone in this country.....
True words as an officer stated out his own mouth recently on candied camera during a traffic stop.
The local police did not do a good job apprehending him. He isn't nearly beat up enough for "resisting arrest". I suppose if he was black and holding a cell phone he'd be dead by now.
Pretty much
Crucify the flea bitten Punk !!!!!
His father needs to be fully charged, also. Period.
Please don't mention your period :-/
Grow up
And take on another of the 64 genders? Nope thanks...
GOOD THEY GOT YOU, DOG
Where’d they stop to eat after they got him? Just curious...
Terrorist!
Oh wow they caught him alive
they need to go back in the woods and get Hilary and arrest her too
White people with guns (who just killed 4 people) are obviously less of a threat than a black man with a cell phone.
Next stop Burger King
Good, Now time for the death penalty.
Safely apprehended and since he’s whit, I suppose they’ll drive thru McDonald’s and get him so@e lunch before they take him to jail.
#letmefixthatforyou
The *TERRORIST* in the deadly Waffle House shooting was found in a wooded area behind an apartment complex
The TERRORIST in the deadly Waffle House shooting was found in a wooded area an apartment complex.
Fixed It!
45 admin has taken white domestic terrorist groups off watch lists and stats.
Busted! It's death row for him.
Good!
hey, he looks familar
@BrookeBCNN ya?
coward
I like to think he planned to shoot himself if found but dozed off after jerking off and couldn’t respond fast enough.
Congrats, you're still alive .

Meanwhile police kill blacks for no reason, he killed 4 and authorities think he is a troubled mind person
Police is a job title, not a characteristic trait. The same cop that killed a guy with a cell phone isn’t the same cop who arrested this dude.
Yeah sure... 

Most be bad luck then 
The father should be held  accountable. The family’s of the victims should sue.
Absolutely!!! The father should rot in prison.
You have to assume that the officers arresting him were afraid for their lives. So why I asked was this gentleman not shot to death with every bullet that they had in there clips?
His tan wasn't dark enough for that to happen plus like most other recent mass shooter's, it's been said he's mentally ill.
#maga
Little punk! I hope he pays dearly.
1) call him a terrorist
2) how is he still alive? Somebody give him a cellphone n pack of Newport 100s. Maybe cops woulda shot him on sight! 
3) @TheJusticeDept evidence police have ability to not kill people. Please apply non violence tactics  towards black communities
1. White
2. White
3. White
I believe those answered your questions
@ladevita12  @smashy321 un bouffon poigné.
What a sick person...
He found some clothes. Now find his ass guilty of hate crime/domestic terrorist and electrocute him until dead. Or his he a troubled young man and needs help?
Exactly 
And he only has a scratch on him from his silly ass hiding from the police... And he's on the way for some free shelter and food... Just my thoughts ...
looks like a dildo
Taken alive.....gently into custody. It's a good thing, that he wasn't standing in his own backyard, with a cell phone in his hand... #WaffleHouseShooting #AmericanTerrorist #BanAssaultWeapons
Or a dildo. LOL
CNN=Bananas
Where did he get clothes from?? Or more like who??
...someone like himself who probably fed and ^5ed him for killing those people.
What's stopping this happening in any other restaurant or school or church tomorrow? Nothing that's what.
We should arm everyone tbh.
Can someone explain this...
“...Early Sunday, police say the 29-year-old man from Morton, Ill., used a previously confiscated semiautomatic AR-15  rifle in a shooting rampage at a Waffle House...” how did someone with his history get his AR-15 back?!?!
they released his firearms to his dad as long as his dad promised not to give them to him.

Guess what, he did.
haha
kill it!
“Alive.”  Fixed it for you.
How do you take him alive??? What a waste of my tax dollars.
Must not have "resisted."   SHM.
Put him in front of a firing squad and be done with it. We don't need to waste our tax dollars on housing him in jail.
I’m sure the Rule of Law will prevail, as it must. 
I knew he would be found in a wooded area. Most  criminals are in the news
*In the terrorist attack
He looks like an illegial immigrant!
Nope. Homegrown white Male terrorist.
Did the police take him to McDonalds before they brought him in? 
Stopped off at a Starbucks.
Lonewolf, misunderstood
Was “found” Fucking joke murder him like he did the other people.
How many of these are out there?
Lots and they are all conservatives .They are therefore gun lovers.
क्या बीमार लोग है। खुद ही गोलुया चलते है
Wooded area
