Now we have to back  to the question: is tump physically and mentally fit to remain president?  Jackson’s evaluation is no longer credible.
It’s a team of doctors that do the presidential physicals. So are u saying all of them are wrong
I'm saying that the completeness of the reported health assessment should be called into question. I doubt if there was outright falsification. Most people Trump's age have health problems that could limit a president's role at some point, which I think the public should know.
There are a lot of healthy 70 80 90’s year old and on the other side there are 30 40 50 years old that have multiple health issues...
Of course. But many folks in their 70s - very likely including Trump, based on his appearance and demeanor, are not.  If he isn't, I think we have a right to know, esp. if health issues are or could be incapacitating to his duties.
I have worked in healthcare my entire life  people who u think are in great health just by looking at them are not. And those you think the have health issues by the look of them are usually healthier.  It’s hard to determine just by weight and looks.
I understand, but the odds of a 70 year old having severe health impairments is far higher than a 40 year old.  I'm simply saying that we should know whether Trump is seriously health impaired, from a doctor who we can trust.
You should see how many 40 year olds are in poor health.  Unfortunately it’s only going to get worse with younger pple developing more health issues due to poor life styles and poor choices they have made along the way.
Goodbye, #Dr.RonnyJackson We enjoy reading your medical reports of #Trump that so closely resemble SNL skits but we are glad the VA will not be under your command.
Obstructionists think nothing of ruining a good man!
Democrats destroy chance for veterans to have The Presidents' doctor ME TOO! @TheLeadCNN @CNNPolitics @FoxNews @TheDemocrats @HouseDemocrats @realDonaldTrump
All you have to do is look at @realDonaldTrump to see what happens when you put someone in a job who lacks the proper experience and qualifications for a particular job!
Left haters railroaded a good man out of a job that could have really helped our Vets. Another Democrat failure....
A drunk a drug addict and no experience...yep..he would ha e fit right in with the other disgusting swamp  creatures.  Way to go Trump ..So much winning!!!
See it was all a big false lie by the Dem Senator from Montana. Do you work for CNN?
From what has come to light he should lose his license to practice as well.
Not soon enough
That’s because the real Trump comes out n they be like that’s ok I’ll pass...
Great now the VA is a safer place.
Is he jailed already? Lock him up!! ASAP
#donnieisadick
Shocking  is this fake news
Good news for all the Veterans that are served by the Veterans Administration!
SOM BITCH BETTER RESIGN HIS NOMINATION!
In today leaks , leakers, hatred, haters, 
Conspiracy and conspirators this is a welcome news for them.
So...
Like to know who he was giving pill candy to as he serves the White House so are they saying the pass two Presidents and Vice Presidents and current sitting President was being handed out pills by the bottle?
Doctor fal
.
Trump only picks the best - what a joke.
Birds of feather...
Big difference between being the White House doctor and running the VA - duh!
And a lib was running it before and they ran the VA into the ground. You think your any better? you suck... eat it
What a weird response.
What a joke, you have no idea who I vote for or which party I support.
And I don't care who or what you are. You are nothing to me but a tweet.
That tells me all I need to know about you.
What a joke. The left is incredibly ignorant. Obama sang this man's praises. Most of the stuff he's being accused of happened while he was obama's doc.
The preoccupation with the admittedly-bad behavior of these nominees is robbing our country of the services of otherwise totally unqualified people.
CONGRESS YOU WEAK PUPPETS! DID TRUMP JUST THREATEN CONGRESSMAN TESTTER? WE MUST VOTE REPUBLICANS OUT!!!!! NO SPINE!
Not everyone who is in the military is untouchable. Bad apples everywhere.
He needs to have his medical license pulled if the allegations are true! Time to retire!
What a disaster
Trump is a criminal and genocidal maniac and the we are being sanctioned. He must be arrested or we will enter a recession. https://tradingeconomics.com/united-states/indicators …
Hope he has judgement to retire as well.
Does he get to keep his current job? Think it may be time to conduct a “performance review”
but he still gets the chance to lose his Dr. & drivers lisences, boy trumpy helped him out
He served 3 presidents. How did these allegations go unnoticed through all those checks? 
Well that speaks volumes
Another in a long line of examples of what shit Trump has for instincts. Such braggadocious and yet about his smarts and skills and he keeps finding criminals to work for him. Takes one to know one I guess. @realDonaldTrump #TrumpIsAnIdiot
Scrutiny does work! keep on the good work people.
@realDonaldTrump 
On another issue, when all the childten grow up, and read that their father is a  serial liar, how does that work?
Sad Sad day for America when such a man is vilified for wanting to help is country by the cess pit of corruption that calls itself the Democratic party. We must clear them out NOW
Aside from everything else, he's just not qualified.  How does a white house doctor (who i might add calls this POTUS healthy) run a supposedly humanitarian, huge organization ...the VA!
At least he finally realized he wasn't the man for the job, after they sobered him up!  The "vetting" done by this WH is stunning, from a competency standpoint!  I guess all ya need to qualify for FATSO's nomination is the "pledge of loyalty" and a passing grade in a-s kissing!
He had no business there anyways. Except for his 2min in the spot light describing trump as fit and healthy.  that won Trumps bid.
I know now you hid the truth about Trumps physical,and that's why he nominated you to head the VA.

Good!
Totally unqualified. Another Trump knee-jerk reaction
Go home Ronny ur drunk.
This White House is a mess!
Unqualified Clown. Never managed anything. #circus
Obama??
No one is perfect.
Earn $400+up /mo just by driving where you already drive! Passive income at its easiest!
One steps down when one is guilty
He reminds me of what we in #MO have to put up with in @EricGreitens! 
Finally someone doing the right thing....before he's forced to! Congrats Ronny. Now admitting you have a problem is the beginning of your journey to recovery! Good luck on that one. 
Trumpian corruption



Too bad, no body is perfect... but @CNN  will destroy anyone trumps puts up for office.2018 playbook is “look how bad @realDonaldTrump ‘s team is”.. it’s the only narrative they have left
Yeah, because it's CNN's fault Trump is an idiot and Jackson is a drunk. Sure. Whatever.
Is now condemned to a lifetime of servitude doing DREs on DJT.
Thank God
If you say CANDYMAN 3 times into a mirror he’ll turn up with blank prescription,tell him what you want & he’l be on his way,slowly coz he’s pissed lol
Drug test Congress ...House and Senate NOW IS THE TIME!

Athletes are simple entertainers and they have to drug test

Swamp Mobster.
There goes another one of those 'fine people' this administration hires
You’d think Trumps team would do intense background checks on these ppl before Trump make a fool of himself picking ppl with shady pasts. Only makes the WH look more crazy and unstable than they already do.
Absolute disgrace....CNN IS USELESS ENTITY
Good. Shouldn’t have been nominated in the first place.
Clearly there have to be hundreds of well qualified Hospital  or Veterans Affairs Administrators in this country that would be better qualified for the top position as VA Secretary.
You would think.
Can we nominate Tito next?
Yes
Interesting none of the allegations were ever mentioned during the last 8-10 years.   Why did @BarackObama never mention?   And spoke highly of this doctor?   

But we know some will say and do anything to work against the current administration.    Sad times.
MSM, Dems, lib-turds. Very pitiful and pathetic!
Waaaaaaaaa
If these allegations are true, then why in the hell did the Obama administration do anything about it since all of these things happened on his watch as his personal doctor?  More mess for Trump to work thru from the past leadership.
“ personal doctor” not managing a huge bureaucracy like VA. Zero managerial exp. #totallyunqualified.
Prove it
Another of the Presidents “Great” selections goes up in flames.
America loves her troops- until they come home. Veterans are literally dying while waiting for VA reform. Trump DOES NOT CARE.
@have you spoke to him? How do you know what his thoughts are ?
@jontester @SenSchumer - Obstructionist main tool is falsely using character assassination. Dr. Ronny Jackson (Rear Admiral) was the President’s Physican for Bush, Obama & Trump. The Navy & Past Presidents have said repeatedly of an outstanding Physician. But Dem Senators say NOT
Just throw in this out there but does anyone have Ronnys phone number I had trouble sleeping last night..and my back hurts...Ronny if you see this call me
@realDonaldTrump will probably nominate @kanyewest  instead.
Funny...everyone seems to be making this aTrump thing. Everything I've seen says his "transgressions" he's supposedly committed were during the last administration. Remember though..so far he's not been convicted of anything
@War_Fighter24
Good eye!
Great but he's only going to replace him with another dirtbag. Never ending broken record of horse shit...
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1468326096595612&id=887360994692128&refsrc=https%3A%2F%2Fm.facebook.com%2Foutlawmorgan%2Fvideos%2F1468326096595612%2F&_rdr …
People if you don't take notice Dems are obstructing everything Aren't you sick of it? Do 't you want to get things done? Open your eyes wider & realize Dems or not for the people they're only for themselves!
The very powerful minority party is running the show. 
Shocking..simply shocking 
Draining the swamp  #RonnyJackson
I love this gif
For him to withdraw
There must be a tangible reason for it which he doesn't wanna open up
I just can’t understand if this is all true was is it coming out now? Something  amiss here
I think 
It is fake news
But let me veify first
tchump will now nominate the urgent Care doctor down the street from me for the next Head of veterans affairs
Pressure busts pipes. Now this cat doesn’t even have his old jobthat he had before he got nominated.
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump the best people huh?
and before you blame other administrations - why didn't you properly vet Mr. Jackson? It's YOUR admin.
Good riddance!
Ronny Jackson approaching veterans.
Least surprising thing that will happen today 
#ETTD
I wouldn't say that. Trump is awake and the day isn't over. 
Hopefully he sues you for defamation. One of our politicians up here in Canada is suing CTV for accusation defamation  8 million dollar lawsuit
He has the full faith of Obama, so I’m glad he’s out. We saw what the 8 Obama years did for the VA.
Except he didn’t run the VA for Obama. Trump thought Obama’s doctor was qualified to run the VA.
The best decision he ever made! “You shouldn’t wished more than you can’t chew”Hopefully, Trumpsky learned the lesson and next time follow protocol not governing by impulse!
It was the best for Obama and other  President but not for trump. ,know he's a bad person
Trump wanted O’s doctor to run the VA. Try again.
You think he's regretting dipping his toe into politics now?
Up next citizen Kanye
“Why do i need all this bullshit?! I don’t. See-ya.”

Yeah, he should probably get back to fueling the opioid epidemic in this Country...
Whenever Trump says a person he appoints is "a very fine person", they're outta there! 
I wish people would listen to his "I am the best blablabla", and maybe 45 himself will also be gone ;)
Explain why Obama was enamored enough with him to write a tremendous support piece for him in 2016 and now he's a problem.  Jackson worked for many presidents.  But now .....   I see where mr. West is coming from sheep
Good!
Totally unqualified to lead the department that's the biggest help to our great veterans!
They deserve better.
Wise decision
Another (Trump)one bites the dust......
Nipped that in the bud.
Our combat veterans deserve batter than a political appointee with no administrative qualifications. I’m not sure anyone who’d say that Chump is one of the healthiest specimens he’s ever cared for is even qualified as a physician. My cat’s veterinarian would lie like that.
Wow Obama fully supported him.   Sheep
As a doctor... not as a VA Secretary. Taking blood pressure doesn’t make one qualified to run an entire administration. Our vets deserve better.
Has he blamed Hillary yet?
It'll come, just waiting for it 
Who’s next, Dr. Phil? The dog whisperer? Dr. Seuss?
Only the best people...lose their careers in service to 45. So much winning.
Why are you blaming Trump?It's the Lying Corrupt Democrats that are Obstructing everything! It's going to backfire in your face I can't wait to see the indictments come down on you when the IG report comes out!
The minority party must be pretty powerful to do so much obstruction. 
Only the best people
Yippee another one of @realDonaldTrump nominees items the dust, how many is that now ? And how many White House positions still not filled ?
The Candy Man.  This would be highly controversial given the Opiod Epidemic America is going through. #ThursdayThoughts Good Thursday Secretary for Veterans Affairs VA Secretary
A "shocking" turn of events!  Maybe @kanyewest could be the next Secy for Veterans Affairs....better yet, Kim??
For prescribing too much Ambien. Ok.
Who can blame him? Now all those #FakeNews addicts won't get to sling their arrows at a hearing. But he will still be in the White House as the doctor people. HE DIDN'T LOSE HIS JOB. NO SOURCES WERE EVER PROVIDED. COUGH UP THE SOURCES OR IT NEVER HAPPENED. #FAKENEWSCNN
Another example of Trump's extreme vetting
And another one bites the dust #onlythebestpeople
No worries. Trump will now pick for this position his hair stylist.
His hairstylist should be fired actually ,
The Candy Man CAN'T, apparently.

Haha oh trumps shyster doctor doesnt want to get looked at to hard? Interesting... i wonder if a good doctor would write a different health report for ol dumpy.
Good riddance!
Dr. Ronny Jackson is another pitiful #Trump nominee whose intergrity cannot withstand the test of time
#RonnyJackson #RonnyJacksonOut

”Only the best!” 

Trump is going to nominate “The General” from the car insurance commercial next!
Too bad @POTUS isn't going away too.
Smart man....
Good. No one believed him when he told us tRump weight 239 pounds. 
What the F would you know
Really there were you
What ever happened to Trump's pilot heading up the FAA?  Is this all part of the "only the best people" strategy?????
#AliunWaliullah
