Anything to undermine our President
nals in the U.S. say their jobs are stressful. As a result, plenty of people are feeling the physical, mental and emotional toll of that stress.
You're a quack
Quack Quack Quack
Lol
You liberals are always mad no matter what President@realDonaldTrump does, FOH you snowflake losers. #MAGA 
Trump supporters are some of the most emotional people. Like you're on your period, go have a volume and sit down somewhere
Y’all gave Trump shit for creating a clusterfuck w North Korea, now that peace is being made w them you guys still give him shit. Its not being emotional, its pointing out the retardation of today’s politics, on both sides.
Not giving Trump credit for the peace treaty between N and S Korea. Trump isn't stable enough to negotiate something like this.
Are you kidding me. Him, China, and South Korea all deserve credit for this historic moment. Tell me why no other president before could do this then. You’re just to stubborn and caught up in your own mindset to even open up to the fact he a did a good thing.
Not stubbron just not giving him credit for something like this. I'll give more credit to China, but overall kudos to N and S Korea. Both leaders had to put pride behind them to do what was best for both nations. Trump is argumentative, an instigator, not a strategist
The gjxkxhxmxhsk.      Bag
You okay there?
Yea sorry that was my 5 year old daughter she’s just learning how to write but hasn’t mastered it yet
Yeah very honorable? Give me a break. The dictator rules by fear & starves his own people.  Call me a skeptic but gut feeling is nukes will not go away and this is a big smoke screen for some big long term plan Rocket man has.See if Trump takes credit when it all goes bad.....
Why do you people have to make the worst out of a good thing? So divisive and obstructionist.
I would guess it’s because they take trump’s lead.that’s what trump does all the time. Divisive and lying about 99% of what comes out of his mouth!!!!!
Is senility that much fun? 
Yeah when you see a guy like trump that think he’s so great and better than anyone!! From the time he became Potus  I’ve been saying he will probably have a mental breakdown before the 4 yrs are up. And it doesn’t seem it will take to much longer.
you seem waaaay ahead of him
No your just one of the IDIOTS   that probably voted for him and is just to STUPID to admit the truth.But you ppl prove daily that Stupud just can’t be fixed.  Totally decieved by  Despicable trump.just that simple!!!
Are you people incapable of proofreading a single tweet anymore
Kim Jung Un like his father befor him,is treachrous.Keep in mind that he does nothing without reason.Geographically,he is stronger.the more allies the stronger he becomes.Diplomacy and peace are good,but dont underestimate him.
@HOW FAST TIME PASSES! NOW, KIM JONG Un TRANSITIONING FROM BAD AND MAD NOTORIETY TO "HONOURABLE" HONORIFIC BY THE SAME PRESIDENT OF US WHO TALKED AND BOASTED OF BIGGER BUTTON OF NUKES THAN HIS TO WIPE OUT NORTH KOREA OFF WORLD MAP JUST SO RECENTLY!
Trump is so changeable and volatile it’s unreal, I feel sorry for those who have to try and construct a coherent message out of his disjointed ramblings.
Typical of CNN....
#CNN Would rather destroy USA than see a Trump Victory!
@realDonaldTrump President of CNN is married to Hillary's former Deputy Secretary Tom Nides.  #WakeUpAmerica #CNNfakenews #ClintonCash #CNNSOTU #FoxNews #Hannity @JudgeJeanine #BlacksForTrump #WHCD #OANN
If its not trump hate, CNN is spewing its lets find a bad thing in his positives. CNN is all about THEIR opinions and agendas.  Should be call FNN. Yeah you know why....
Trump is being played..he just doesn't see it

Say that again please!
Donald Trump full sh**!
Funny how he says that to everybody must of paid him some money or built him a golf course
So, What would you call him.
Since trump is a bi polar toddler , who knows what's next ?
Call him what gets results...who cares?...really!!!
First of all, having someone from Oklahoma on the Intelligence committee is laughably oxymoronic. Two, Lankford should never be involved in any negotiation ever.
Vote Him Out

Excuse he better leave? Don't vote for him cos he support trump!
NK is going to the peace table with SK
I don't think any one in government knows any more what is going on!
Don’t be such fools, just because your little rocket man one day doesn’t mean you can’t change, and if NK is  de nuclerized and the war is over then you should be praising Trump
Just shut up. Nothing this president does is good enough.
Whose in charge of foreign policy, CNN and Congress?
Trump is able to multi -task & some just don't get it that Trump is multi talented & learned to think! Not a Socialist that broadcast intelligence but lives it!
The longer Lankford talks the more you realize how shallow his facade of intelligence is.
Continuing calling him names will help? What do you think Sen.? WW will be around the corner. I guess you don’t know the meaning of word “peace”.PEACE
"Anyone that disagrees with him, gets killed" by Un is also what trump does.  So what are you all calling trump senator?  Attacking because one disagrees in any way is wrong.  People get real, who is really bad??
Douchebag says what.
I don't know what to say to that.  Well, I do know what to say to that but none of it would be edifying or helpful.
Now the envy starts as POTUS starts to gain some ground
Ohhh.... The US feels left out... Shock that Koreans can work out their own issues without US that actually caused the split of that peninsular
This is not High School...lets just stick with the real names. After all the world is at stake.....
This has to be a very difficult time for those that have Trump Derangement syndrome.
Tester thing is a distraction, you'll never get a payoff. Michelle Wolf gets to celebrate the 1st amendment even if its to Sarah Sanders face. Criticize, but please acknowledge what she did is what you were celebrating. Trump can take a joke watch CC roast. Kelly-Ann not so much.
I cracked up when he said the Senate report will be bipartisan and thorough...now that’s funny...it may not be the toilet paper the house report was...but it won’t be much better...
Trump is wishy-washy. One day you're a horrible person, the next a great guy. His opinions change like with the wind.
trump will do anything now for kudos, probably send aid to NK/SK as a token of his appreciation of their wall building talents. Allow them green cards to come to the US as migrant wall builders.. w/healthcare and/or less than minimum wages. really tho, it's just trump lying again
The point is don't believe trump when he says something!! Most of it is aimed at his base. Who suck up with every word that comes out of his mouth!!
Cause you want Trump to fail.
He is doing it all on his own. He doesn‘t require assistance from anyone. He takes credit for everything that he considers good and blames others for everything else.
The “Honorable Rocketman?”
He just loves commies like him!
Obviously James Lankford doesn’t know the meaning of diplomacy. Un bowed to Trump already no more need for name calling.
Cnn would say that.
.
Wonder what your Hillary e-mail would have done

Amazed her card isn't behind bars
What kind if man says that.... pussygrabbers!!!
He can be a very honorable rocket man
