Was it not an act of God that caused this...
Thank You VP Pence for your commitment and Faith in Jesus and Your Love For America and the American People! God Bless you and your Family!
Hey #FakeChristian when you headed to #PuertoRico ..... #hypocrite #PenceMustGoToo
That is very good
Meanwhile, the complete island of Puerto Rico was without power 2 days ago and 80% of the Island still does not have running water people have no roofs on their houses and you worried about tornadoes you hypocritical SOB,

We'll be praying for this community!!! God bless Greensborough!!!
God bless you our Vice-president! Quip holding hands busy! One with the Bible and the other hand with the American Flag ...!!
Somebody run against Walker  please he’s friends with Pence
Let’s all meet at the polls , oh wait , you can’t take you’re guns inside.
It's a Testament that We're destroying Our Planet. Major Storms are hitting harder and closer together then Ever before.  Sea temps are too Warm  causing Hurricanes, Tornadoes and rising Sea levels. The Future Generations deserve a Clean environment. We must stop b4 it's to Late.
Yet you ignore Puerto Rico.
@VP & @POTUS You two political ghouls should look in the mirror and reflect on your hypocrisy. You go to NC dripping “honey mouth” on their disaster but can’t find anyway to support the recovery of Puerto Rico. History will condemn this corrupt & and treasonous administration.
Thanks for taking your time to visit the tornado victims, it was about 5 minutes from my house

Resign
Lets see how they adjust to working as a team with the new comming DEMACRAT MAJORITY.
CAP & TRADE BUILT THIS ECONOMY.
We will do some DEPORTING IN 2020.
RIGHT OUT OF WASHINGTON DC.
BE PATIENT.
INCOURAGE SCHOOL SHOOTING PROTESTERS TO VOTE.
& NO MORE KKK ASSEMBLY PERMITS!!!!!!!!!!!
Desaster funding should focua on PREVENTATIVE MANTNANCE.
CARBON FIBER HYDROGEN FUEL CELL BATTERY METAL BUILDING MATERIAL-BULLET PROOF-Pays for itself with power production.
CEDAR RAPIDS-Flooded
NO LAKE BUILT TO THIS DAY TO REGULATE WATER.

DEPORT POLITICIANS WHO REJECT TEAMWORK.

Put patients first with the option of expanded HSAs that fund routine and direct care along with nationally available private catastrophic insurance.  Make this available to ALL Americans via means-tested federal/state & employer deposits into these accounts.
Thank you for your service and the outstanding job you are doing.  Although there is little mention of it in the news, watching your tweets has been great.
How about you take time to visit Puerto Rico or is it that you dare not because of the Moron
#PuertoRico still doesn't have power...but they're not white or in a state that went #red so whatever right?
Yah, fine.  You visited a Red State with a tornado.  What are you doing about American Citizens in Puerto Rico, without power since September?  You're two-faced and cold.  Go away.

Yeah,  also God bless Puerto Rico too! Shame!
All of Puerto Rico was without electricity. Where is your compassion for them?
Keep up the good work Mike Pence. We are going to make you president in 2024!

Christian my ass you are a serving the devil God is watching you
Israel First.
"terrible tornado" - are tornadoes ever "good," dimwit?
Flint, Michigan still has lead in their water.

Puerto Rico is still without aid.

When will you help these communities? Never because they're mostly POC, right Mr. VP?
You knew Flynn was a foreign operative, and did nothing about it.
What about Puerto Rico bigot?
Thanks for all you do Vice President Pence- you and SLOTUS

N Korea says it will shut down its nuke program and meet with Pres Trump. Who is most responsible for this sudden change? #tcot #P2
You sure as hell didn't care about sick babies in Indiana. No insurance, woman had a miscarriage, his law would of forced mother to bury it legally. Funeral Homes Loved Pence. High Court voted his Fetus laws unconstitutional. Gave Carrier $10,000,000. Before he left.
. @VP What about Puerto Rico?
But Puerto Rico...
Praying!
Love you Pence!!!
Thank you for coming here Mr Vice President. You are a blessing for our country
You do know Puerto Rico is a US territory right, so why aren’t you visiting them?
They did a great job. The power company had the power back pretty quick and the tree guys did awesome. Thanks for coming to visit us. We really appreciate it.
WHAT ABOUT PUERTO RICO?  They are “AMERICANS!”  I don’t think Trump cares for them.
And Puerto Rico??
What, North Carolinians are not good enough for you? PR. Is more important? They are not a state...WE ARE jerk
What about Puerto Rico ?  You and head trump forgot about them. That’s if you even cared about our fellow Americans living there in the first place.
What about Puerto Rico??!!!???? #DencePence
They are not a state...WE ARE JERK! What about us?
How about #PuertoRico  & #FlintMichigan??? #RacistGOPBastard
Dryer us your feedback is important yff
God blesses people
Aww thank you kindly Lucky.
Always, all you have to do is speak out and let us know you need help there are millions of us that will help! God bless
What about Puerto Rico ?
We are a state, they are not, we should coke first, plus we used up all of our resources in PR.
Mike Pence is out doing all the work he's the one that should be president not Donald Trump Mike Pence can put the party back together that Donald Trump has split Mike Pence for president over Donald Trump
Mr Vpotus. Try and make sure micriphones are tuned up. No volumn, bloody hard to read your lips.
What about Puerto Rico? Mostly Christians, are they too tan for help?
Or only Evangelicles in the Bible Belt qualify? WWJD?
Puerto Rico ??
If this god blessed Greensboro, he didn't do much of a job since the tornado hit.
Wrong color people in Puerto Rico, Puppet Pence?
Get that tin can out of the way so planes can take off from CLT.  I want my hubby home :)
Money ??? The Biggest Con in the Natural World. Implemented by Gov't Nipple-Heads to keep People of the World Feeling they Need a $ to feel like they are worth something, or the Honest work they do needs a $ amount put on it. Either way Money Is A Con. Eyes Wide Shut
LOL The only reason People think $1 is worth more than 1 Rock is because, " The Powers That Be " brain washed people into thinking it is so. In My Book, And Honest Days Work = An Honest Meal & A Warm Bed. Let's see you buy Food with some of these. Or Better yet pay your taxes.
Bless your black heart.
Why doesn't God like Puerto Rico?
Seems your god blessed it with a tornado already.
MAGA Make America Gag Again
 I’m sure all the people affected in Greensboro were soooo grateful for your speech
Actually we were. And his kindness that your.....didn't see. Stop being so hateful to us north Carolina folks. Racist
Thank you @VP
Thanks sir from North Carolina!!!
Amen to that. It was nice to see him here.
Can you send some of them to Puerto Rico? In case you hadn't heard, they had a big storm, too, and are still in need.
God bless you,  VP Pence!  Thank you for visiting Greensboro, North Carolina!
#corrupt  Nobody believes Mike Pence's attempt to protray himself as Decent, Honest & Patriotic. Pence is patiently waiting for Trump to get ousted and take over as POTUS.
Wrong and no one cares what you say snow flake. It brought us comfort too see this good man here. Think about others for once, not your hatred. Jerk
Tell your boss instead of sending you (5 days after) send money so our kids don't have to go to school in trailers.  @RoyCooperNC
Wow, really? At least he came here.
Mike, please be honest.  Greensboro was a haven for sinners.  That is why god sent the Tornado.  Its gods plan.  Please don't question gods plan.
Meanwhile, you guys are doing fuck-all for Puerto Rico. 
Mike Pence is a Russian Puppet! 

#trump #RUSSIA Est @foxnews #MAGA #TRUMP #RUSSIA Est
So we agree? No vote on #StolenValor #Pompeo #MAGA
It seems apparent from reliable sources that Mike Pompeo did NOT serve in the first Gulf War, but nearly half of his public bios--including his Wikipedia page--and contemporary write-ups claim he did. Is this something he's been content to leave uncorrected?…
Oh, and here’s your first responder. You do likes you some uniform
Didn’t you just say in a previous tweet that you were in Charlotte?  Not Greensboro?  Where is @PressSec Sara Honey Boo Boo. She knows where you are.
Been to San Juan lately?
He is definitely...

Your abortion bill in Indiana declared unconstitutional!
Some of my most precious moments as Governor have been with families of children with disabilities, especially those raising children with Down syndrome." Precious moments cause you do not have to suffer the consequences of the birth and raising of these children. Christian not.
Trump avoided visiting like he avoids helping Puerto Rico. 
Block 2 holes with 1.
Think about it.
It’s just too bad God turned away during the tornado.
Bank Of America can no longer advertise the home equity loans are tax deductible for 2018 taxes. Wait till the home owners find out! #TaxScamBill
your boss is too much of a coward to attend the funeral of former First Lady, Barbara Bush.  SAD!
Quit mixing religion and politics. It's against the Constitution.
Charlotte NC they removed to tax deduction for home equity loans and employee deductions.
Will Bank of America lay off workers when American's can longer deduct their HUGH home equity loans they sell? #TaxcutSCAM
#puertorico is still waiting.
No more tax deductions for ALL those home equity loans. Loss of the employee deductions too. So much for helping American's #taxcutSCAM

What about Puerto Rico?  Ass wipe!
No body mentions Kauai a US island. Help them...  they are flooded out. .. sorry they not all white!
What about Puerto Rico?
god sent them a tornado.
paper towels didn’t work in Puerto Rico. They need help!!!
Get real.  Do something ACTUALLY HELPFUL!   Puerto Rico is still suffering
...what are your comments regarding the 7 month long disaster going on in Puerto Rico? Don’t they deserve your support & blessings Mr. Pence?
He's done it non stop whiner. What about us in NC? You liberals don't care about us eh?
What about PR they got hit months ago w/ a hurricane,  they still aren't up & running completely,  well? MORON Pence!
Regain the American spirit and become Reagan second. Completely destroyed the tyranny of the Communist Party in certain countries.
You could have made that speech on tv from the White House with out costing the taxpayers millions to travel. How does the country benefit from this trip?

When are you going to convince the Russian in Chief to spend the stupid parade money on Puerto Rico instead??? Do something worthwhile while you live on the Govt Dole.

#lockPenceup What about our territory Puerto Rico??? You give our faith a bad.
Have you considered taking the time to visit Puerto Rico?

Notice how glassy pence's eyes are?
Let's pray the storm victims find a quick rest. Amen.
Hello? PUERTO RICO.
Praying for N. Carolina, God bless you all and keep you strong. For those who would like to know, go to http://CBN.com 
click operation blessing. They do a fantastic work in real time in disaster hit areas! 
Thank you! We have the been blessed with people coming to help.
Indiana abortion law signed by Mike Pence ruled unconstitutional

How about you pray for God to bless America and for him to get rid of the buffoon that resides in the WH? Oh wait, he is at the WH  part of the time He can be found at Mar-a-Lago the other half So how about we pray to get rid of him OK? Thanks Pastor Pence
https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/trump-may-prosper-from-tariffs-even-if-this-faded-port-town-doesnt/2018/03/02/27f7bfe4-18e9-11e8-b681-2d4d462a1921_story.html?utm_term=.6abe3098e3dc … Didn’t visit this town even though Barbara Bush did!
How about Puerto Rico? Could you maybe put it on your radar?
There is no God you dope. God is imaginary. The bible is a book of fairy tales.
*claims something* *has no evidence to back up claim* yep, everything still seems normal with the left side...
We are Blessed. Churches have set up to cook, people have just shown up out of nowhere to help. The saddest thing is the children that lost their schools, elementary children their home away from home. Will be going to other schools until August. I pray for All these families.

We know you are counting down the days till you become Mr.President huh!!!
Pence!!!
What about Puerto Rico????
Ask the Mayor what she’s done with all the donations sent to Puerto Rico. She hoarded everything.
You sure didn’t help
How do you know?
Hows it feel to work for a traitor as well as many other moral deficiencies?
While visiting natural disasters in our country, you should visit Puerto Rico. You haven't finished the job yet.
Complicit.
“That terrible tornado?” Idiot!
All  nuclear weapons maybe  under ground of  North Korea. Can you check it?
What about Puerto Rico?
What about Puerto Rico? She refused to hand out any donations.
if this is such a great place and god is such a great guy, why the hell did this happen?
It IS a great place and God kept us all from being killed. Now what?!
Read the Constitution Mr. Pence.
Maybe YOU should obviously you don't know anything about it. Plus, what does it have to do with my town getting hurt?
You sir are complicit and nothing is going to change that fact.
Poor grammar and randomly capitalized words... is that you, Trump?
Meanwhile tens of thousands in Puerto Rico still without power.  I know mike "they're brownish" @FoxNews @AP @washingtonpost
No they’re still doing without because of the mayor hoarding food. Lying telling the people it was never sent. Our Mayor, Governor and every Police Office, Firefighters, Ministers and just every day people have helped here in Greensboro NC

Where was the president of the United States? Was he golfing and tweeting while lives are in danger and destroyed and you are like this little gray haired savior? LOL
Secular manipulation which is void of divine morality
It was a tornado!! Wasn’t even called for just storms. This hit out of nowhere. Schools were closed, some schools won’t reopen til next year. Trees on cars and trucks, you can’t drive through the area. What difference does it make to you. You don’t live here.
We only had 1 fatality.
So what are you saying here? I think it's awesome that you only had one fatality. First Responders are really only second responders after the ravage. First to respond to a disaster. Did the first responder stop the disaster? Not at all. They were just there after the fact
How's it going in Puerto Rico, Mike?
Thank you VP.
GVPOAT!
Hey @VP why don’t you visit the people of Puerto Rico.
Thank you VP
GREAT JOB-North Korea says it will stop conducting nuclear tests and ICBM launches starting April 21 - state news agency KCNA
You ever hear of Puerto Rico, that lovely island?
So you’re saying he should avoid us here in NC?
Hey pence, you is a ho.

Who should win the Senate race in Florida this November? #Election2018
So it's totally okay to bring politics into sports when it suits you, but kneeling NFL players are disrespectful?
You again???   Haven’t you replied this four times now?
