In Year 1, @BarackObama expanded the Children’s Health Insurance program.

In Year 1, @POTUS wants to cut it. …
And yet, you did. You put 800,000 Dreamers ahead of them.
Yet you did.....
Why are they in need because in your career you haven't done anything to help them but now that it is convenient you will use them. #sadsack
How about the Homeless Veterans all across the  as well sir?
The budget hurts them too. Medicaid funds supplement the VA.
Medicaid recipients increased 20 million under Obama A sign of poor economy. Growth will have more working people and Medicaid will decrease
 #TrumpTroll Alert 

#Fakenews even praising Sean Hannity

Block #Fakenews 
@dcfodder #dcfodder
That's it hide behind your name calling! TRUMP'S president and Hillary's not! #GetOverIt and enjoy next 4 years!
I have a pre-existing condition since age 11 from car accident. I would gladly forego my coverage to make sure all children maintain theirs.
Yeah right, meanwhile, @TheDemocrats sent $1.7 Billion in cash to Iran.
#trumpbudget
We sent them THEIR money!  That's the real news!
They're a major sponsor of global terrorism.
Fuck "their" money.
Send MOABs.
The major sponsor of global terrorism is Wahhabism (the religion of Saudi Arabia) and the US DID steal Iranian money in 1979 during revolt.
Don't get me wrong, Khomeini was crazy as hell but the money that the U.S. gave to Iran came from private Iranian accounts they seized in 79
So, then why did you just vote no on the bill to fund it?

#SchumerShutdown
CHIP helps roughly 600,000 kids in New York. I won't turn my back on them. #TrumpBudget https://twitter.com/senatedems/status/867146626632167424 …
This is what the sensitive and caring people do, take care of those in need!!!
Do you think it's fair that illegal children use resources that American born should be getting ?   You're insane
"Illegal" children?  They r children who are most vulnerable and no choice about their lives and they deserve basic health care all do
American born deserve all the care. Don't take their birth right to provide the undocumented what their government should be providing
Paths to citizenship solves the problem@u have. Honest hard working immigrants cud then pay into system and single payer pool all benefit
We cannot put everybody and their mother in a path to citizenship.  What about the people who come here the right way? Is that fair to them?
Are we the United States of America or The welfare State of America ?  I had it no more illegal aliens.
I'm muting you now. I can't take the xenophobic hate.  Wishing you all the best in life  in the words of my people, legal or not Ciao
I don't hate them.  I just want my fellow Americans taken care of
So 800,000 DREAMers are more important to you? You don't even lie particularly well, Chuck.
Well Chuck, most of those parents are able to take care of there own kids without Fritz Hollings give away stamps. Time to go away.
You want Federal borrowed money to pay for everything, yes you are pentalizing the kids in the future
How about cutting the scumbags salaries in congress give them the same health care they wanna drop on us
@SenateDems @BarackObama @POTUS Clean up the welfare fraud that runs rampid. Doing so will allow more $ to go those in need.
how about not turning your back on innocent kids being killed by terrorist & stop fighting our presidents attempts to stop them fr entering
We understand on whom you did turn your back.
Obviously you're a liar
#Resist is the operative word
Sir, CHIP was in the bill. You agreed with the bill. DACA is not on an immediate deadline. You have a false narrative.
But you are.
NO CHILD IS DYING IN THE STREET BECAUSE THE MEAN REPUBLICANS DECREASE IN CHIPS IS STILL MORE THAN THE INFLATION RATE, CHUCKIE
How about their 4th amendment rights Chuck?

What if there was a better way?
Medicaid is NOT being cut - only the projected expansion - Chuckles likes to spin the truth - #RepealACA
Trumps budget ROCKS - you sir are the one who SUCKS - spin the truth much don't you
U have turned ur back on America ur whole career chuckie All ur interest is 2 serve YOU alone Why the change now America has awakened U lost
Why oh why are Democrats so blind to the 20 TRILLION DOLLAR DEBT in front of all our faces?
Heck no you would rather the country collapse then help to fix it! That way all Americans can suffer. Your the main CLOWN. Keep up good work
This "Nanny State" is PRECISELY why people say "Americans won't do those jobs" ... Why work when you can stay home and watch TV , get paid
maybe you should tell people not to have kids if they cannot afford it ... Novel idea I know
my mother was an Italian LEGAL Immigrant , raised 4 kids , not an ounce of government help . Needless to say , she did not sit home all day
. U know we r after Chip fraud. U r such a liar @SenSchumer
"helps" what ??? Helps the parents NOT get a job ??? we have to rethink our philosophy in this country , lifetime welfare ain't cuttin it
Stop the parents to having kids. They have free birth control pills. more kids more money DA American when it to stop.
Tell the parents to get a job and pay for the 600,000 kids. Or you pay for them/Como from Bank money you collected DA
Are you going to  in front 600,000 kid's because obama was the person created this chaos Now blame trump for that when democrats are guilty
Thanks to Obama if you going to say something say it rigth democrats put that MISERABLE insurance now you want blame my President yea rigth.
opening borders, soft on refugees, 1 u sponsored accused of sexual assault.  U already turned ur back on America. #Pathetic #GarbagePolitics
Good, u can pony up and pay the 600,000 kids. Actions speak louder then words.   Watching and waiting.  Ps.  U sure do tweet frequently
Was CHIP designed to aid illegal immigrants? How many are benefited by CHIP? How many fraudulent claims? Facts please. Dems try expand base
@SenateDems @BarackObama @POTUS Hey Chuck, with all this resistance to #TrumpBudget will you compromise on any cuts? Just asking
@SenateDems you're a joke.
No more hand outs work for your benefits
WHY ARE 600'000 PLUS CHILDREN IN THIS KIND OF SHAPE UNDER THE DEM'S.????

Why don't you do some work
First of all it was never supposed to be just giving away like it is you're money it's  not supposed to stay on it as a career
I'm so glad you said that because you have no problem using the taxpayers money so give him yours because were tired of it
600,000, that means you have roughly 150,000 dead beat parents who won't provide health insurance and other basic needs for their children.
Blah blah blah
#DNCFraudLawsuit is teaching us to never turn our backs on you Chuck. #Demexit
Did that make you cry?
You have turn your back on 64 Mil American voters. Making accusation to POTUS without evidence. You have failed this nation with obstruction
Shouldn't Obamacare cover these health needs?  Why do we have special funding for CHIP??
You never cared before. Why now??
You SCHUMER YOU HYPOCRITE turned your back on the Middle Class FAST ENOUGH. 2 CLASSES IN NY. SUPER RICH AND SECTION 8. Mass exodus out of NY
Why not? You have turned your back on over half the Country
None of them lose a dime and you know it. You're going to start to have to be intellectually honest if you want to ever run for president.
apparently u haven't seen 45 budget is attack on poor, children, seniors, disabled only wealthy & corps benefit
Are they illegals in there
No #trumpbudget #savemedicaid #SaveACA Administration intent on destroying all safety nets while under investigation: it should be stopped!
@SenateDems @BarackObama @POTUS and we pay for it.  No ones taking anything from kids in need. Stop lying
You've turned your back on the kid that your protege sexted. When will you comment on that sick bastard Weiner?
SCHUMER, You sir are an embrassment & the world is watching ur obstruction towards our amazing President. Bonus money r being traced Chuck
you are comic book villain bad and strive to keep the poor on food stamps and Welfare because that ensures their loyalty to Dems
You've been turning your back on them your entire political life. You have changed nothing.
Obama is a racist!!!!
Of course you won't turn your back on them as they are future low-information voters for Dems.
Pathetic bottom feeder

I'm a NY'er who pays a great deal in taxes...and no children...I won't let you turn your back on them either! KEEP FIGHTING FOR ALL!!!!
That's right chuck go to the bank and use your own money not mine
Look into the massive fraud. I can give you examples of benefit cards  sold at bodegas, used for tobacco and alcohol you know it happens.
It's the parents responsibility to provide healthcare not government.
Why do you WANT people on welfare? Why don't you all want people to have better lives??? Do you enjoy keeping people down?
@ChipChipperson Fawk Yeah!
Obama also put us into twice as much debt as all pres combined.  How in heck will that massive debt HELP those NY kids????
You know what use your own money! That will solve it!
Well  you realize that Trump and his friends don't care if poor kids get to eat or have preventive and acute healthcare.  #hypocrites
Sorry call Mick he will explain the budget to you.
The country is broke ahole. Fund it privately. You may have to work for once!
Chuck you need to talk to a financial guy because you do not know what you are talking about. Go talk to Steve.
Thanks to the working men and women of this great country. Let's get more off welfare before we burden the working class more. sch #UesLess
You don't know how many kids in nyc and nyc is a sanctuary city why should tax payers have to pay for illegals
Cutting agency budgets  can force agencies to be more efficient and cut waste. Taxpayers deserve efficient use of their tax dollars!
You have turned your back on everyone for years Now? You decide to do something well goody goody gum drops for you
@SenSchumer @BarackObama thank you!! #Schumer2020
Always easy when it's someone else's money.In this case,it's actually the kids' you think you're helping.Do your job and balance the budget!
You hypocrite, you could care less about the kids. You want their parent votes so you can continue to give the rest of my $ away 
I'm thankful for a NY representative that works for the people not the rich
If those kids are Americans, you bet your ass you'll turn your back on them just like you have the rest of the nation #resignchuckles
Keep fighting the good fight
A pimp at work. I wonder is NY Dems are so lame to put up with his bullshit. The only thing Obama did was find Iran's terrorist initiatives
I wouldnt want you anywhere anybody's back - probably trying to take their wallets
Chuck Schumer - the 600,000 kids is not going to lose money, the Fat, Bloated administration has to learn to be more efficient!! MAGA 
Let me ask U how many of their families pay income taxes 2 support their freebies? @POTUS budget looks out 4 taxpayers who voted4 him & USA
No doesn't health costs r #1 cause of bankruptcy-working people get sick hurt and can't keep up little or no insurance u r being conned
And it guts funding for thousands of poverty and jobs programs in states that voted for him (Appalachian project, rural airports, etc. )
Sure you do Chuckie!! You turn your back on every single American every single day! Make sure u take care of all the ILLEGALS FIRST!
You can't afford to pay for this project. NYS IS THE HIGHEST TAXED WELFARE STATE IN THE NATION. NO JOBS AVAILABLE FOR TAXES TO ASSIST THIS
Tax the 1% their fair share
Taxpayers are going to tell all of ya to go to hell.  They are tired of your pandering and free stuff when able body people refuse to work!
You Schumer and Muslim Obama are the problem with this country. Your politics and views are destructive to our society &security of children
NY spends $1.7 BILLION a month on welfare. They should throw you into Canada. You are truly a piece of shit.
Trump & Ryan are even more heartless than I initially thought.  How low can they go. 
http://kff.org/medicaid/issue-brief/the-impact-of-the-childrens-health-insurance-program-chip-what-does-the-research-tell-us/ …
Good Chuck, you donate the money so I can pay my mortgage here
You Have nothing to say After you Condone and Protect the DNC MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD Those kids Bloods on your hands! Mean Spirited
LOL it is so broken you jerks ruined out country.
@SenateDems @BarackObama @POTUS AND THE REST OF THE COUNTRY?

But you'll bend over for Soros.
Enough is enough. No more
You and all the liberal entitlement programs put our country in such extreme debt you give @POTUS no other choice. Raise the $$ yourselves!!
Why didn't the ACA take care of this? Parents were required to have Ins and keep their children on till 26.. another duplicate program.
Hey give them ur money ur hypocrite evil party ask ur rich Hollywood elite
Chip is @HillaryClinton  greatest accomplishment imo. I hope she speaks out on this!
Save the bullshitty Chuckles...it's all about votes for you...& the gravy train of Govt gimmies for all involved..
You already have by not allowing President Trumps ban You sir are a traitor to the American people Trump is my President 
How does it help attach link to expln??? Or is it the same program of state care ins? So states cover children & FED$ goes to dems pockets?
Donate your salary chucky cheese
@SenateDems @BarackObama @POTUS Because Obamacare didn't work for them?
How would you balance the budget? How do we pay for ever expanding social programs?When everyone is on some gov program who pays for it all?
liar
How about their Education? You'very sold them into the sewer of NY union dominated public schools for yrs. Why the new concern, hypocrite?
Freebies for all.   No work just live free off the Democrat party    Bring in more illegals so we.can get more votes and give more freebies
Program cuts to put 1B down payment to build the wall. #Congress must stop #TrumpBudget
Any New York congress member who votes for this ... Shouldn't represent New Yorkers ...
20 Trillion in debt!!!
Because @43georgebush ended the surplus @billclinton started and @BarackObama had to fix the recession with stimulus programs.
Try telling the truth. For a change.
He did. So did democrats. Democrats created Medicare, Social Security, Medicaid, and CHIP. Republicans tried to destroy those programs.
Illegals don't get free health care we all know what he was up to
yes they do they go to ER and never pay
Would help if the parents were made to work but work? that is a bad word to them way better life to suck off the taxpayers like Chucky does
But you will turn your back on hard working taxpayers.
Chuckie,you are so dedicated. To you.
When my husband was indy contrctor, insurance cut us off even tho we paid 6 months in advance, $2400 a month. CHP was there for our children
Holy crap is that the body count? Holy crap! So Dems have predicted in total 300,000,000 million deaths. Wow gonna be alot of open jobs!
But you turn your back on our country
Why aint they on their parents policy???? To my knowledge everyone was forced to buy health insurance under obamacare.
But you have been for long time? What now you need votes? Or is it more money in your pocket?
That's what you're going to need more fundraising
Right, because Liberals believe more government is the answer to everything. Conservatives want less fed government and more to states.
Thank you @SenSchumer. The Rs seem to think women and children first means what programs to cut.   #singlepayer
New York has 6 mill ppl in Medicaid, it's not about kids, it's about healthy adults.
But how many are illegals
Our politicians generously spend tax payers money to buy unkown votes, no ID required.
@SenateDems @BarackObama @POTUS 
Chuck Schumer is a threat to democracy and the constitution.....as are all DemocRats.
because he wants children to have health care?
Medicaid and food stamps are safety nets, not lifestyle. California alone has 12 million in Medicaid , cost up more than 400% since 2010.
Right... 44 million r onFood stamps...have we become a 3rd world country....or just a bunch of lazy bums?!
Is this the Reason why everyone is Leaving New York State! Yes, the Obamacare Effect!
Nobody asking u 2...only those who r fraud system, illegals & lazy ppl will lose benefits...stop lying! What r y doing to decrease spending!
Chuck you turned your back on kids, middle class and elderly when you helped make Obamacare a Law! Obamacare destroying the Middle Class!
Trump is pretty much yanking all the cards and plans on trading them one at a time.
It does not dope sick moms sell their cards for half the value on it drug dealers benefit not the kids fix that first
Sir,  my husband and I do not even drink. We work hard. We are typical.
I guess my tweet does not apply to you and lends Credence to presidents Trump's position
Wow look at all these economists without degrees analyzing the budget
So how much are you gifting to this program annually from your combined income?  As much as you ask me as taxpayer to give relatively?
Thank you 
The Democratic Party -- a basket of "Nut Job'z". @MaxineWaters @NancyPelosi @elizabethforma @SenSchumer
UN cook from Saudi Arabia .Certificate vs degree no care about private life in bedroom. Reality Poland  bank loan frauds. Language loud©
Electrical systems failure cant stop words. Science vs culinary arts certificates. Skilled worker fails if not transfer via cooks' contract©
Devine shrimp & de bone fish. Pork need a surgeon. Real kind. Use to blood without the screaming. Drunk pig dish ©™® set nice music 
U are full of restaurants startup issues for illegal behaviors of immigration practices. Menu unique & accurate.Tightly rolled:food©™®EPA
say told to work vs drug abuse prevention & treatment. @AmerMedicalAssn purest removal is in science. Gas chromatography vs advanced ©
Hidden so long. King understood no break bonds. Fail to notify properly.Treatments same. Budget deficits all frauds. No give junkies money©
Unfit practices. Only route is legal activity via truth @FDA_Drug_Info & @DEAHQ outrageous behaviors. Unlicensed pharmaceutical companies©
All these rape cases & they not think iud Unacceptable @PMOIndia more details. No harm man on purpose. B LGBT of transgender trafficking©
