Were you lying then or are you lying now Chuck?
IF SOMETHING IS ILLEGAL, DO YOU THINK THAT WE SHOULD CHANGE THE LAW OR LET PEOPLE LIKE YOURSELF CONTINUE TO BE ILLEGAL-CHUCKY
Your breaking our constitution
Thats the biggest problem in politics the CEOs of businesses dont run America. They think they do bc they buy off politicians, right Chuck?
Chuckie what don't you understand about the rule of law? You would let ISIS  in
Did Bob Menendez sign it?

Watch Schumer Vs Schumer - The Greatest Flip Flop Ever On DACA: http://710wor.iheart.com/featured/mark-simone/content/2017-09-12-watch-schumer-vs-schumer-the-greatest-flip-flop-ever-on-daca/#ixzz4sUrhme1x …
What about the millions who oppose it? I forgot, we are just AMERICANS, we don't have a voice
Imagine that? Cheap labor. Who wouldn't want that if there running a business? But if it's illegal laborers it's AGAINST THE LAW.
Obama’s DACA program was a clear abuse of executive authority, an attempt to create law out of thin air.
Of course, cause all you long term politicians in Washington only care about special interest groups.
With Wide Spread fraud in DACA Program How do U know who is Real & who isn't?? OR do U Really care?? @TheDemocrats
How much did u pay the business leaders ?
$3000,for every immigrant they hire over citizens. Wonder why we can't get jobs!
Add my name to the letter to protect the DACA kids.

CHUCK SCHUMER

Says ending #DACA is heartless…
I don't care what the business leaders say they are here illegally
What they want is cheap slave labor.
Chuckie you forgot who voted trump in remember we have the power, did you forget. As you can tell I don't care for you much obama jr.2018out
I'm sure you can find liberal small businessmen that will do what you want. Not me!
billionaires want to defend a labor glut:   as americans go unemployed
Chuck, it's on you & congress to fix this now.  DACA was going to lose the lawsuit & you know it.  Trump gave 6 months to fix it, so fix it.
The #DREAMers are our future!
So?  Follow the Constitution.
Does that mean they will pay for them to stay here
Blah blah blah tick tock old Chuckie boy
Then stop talking and make it a law!

So, you are a Chamber of Commerce dim, and Ryan is a Chamber of Commerce rino. Only POTUS is looking out for middle America.  .@SpeakerRyan
What about American's PLEASE answer? ???
Of course they did, they want the cheap labour.
DO UR JOB, PASS A BILL AND STOP COMPLAINING.
Make sure GOP gets all supporting facts before they turn them into alternative facts or lies.
Look IDIOT if you had all these people it would be law now
No more cheap labor LMAO get your wallets out
Get off it Chuckie you no DACA wasn't legal, congress and senate make laws not the President retire if you don't understand government.
You do realize DACA is unconstitutional, correct? Pass a law if you support open borders and illegal immigration over American citizens.
Because they want cheap labor and to many Americans won't work.
Let's get back to abiding to the Constitution.  You know, the law of the land. Dreamers are not citizens.
They want to pay American workers less money and you want to help them
The ball is in your court, pass the  law to fix the problem instead of using DACA for fundraising. Its Congress job to pass laws.
Of course. Business leaders want CHEAP labor.
No one with a heart is against DACA. Stop the political theatre and pass the necessary legislation, now. Wouldn't that be a notable change.
Shame YOU didn't stand up for #DREAMers w/w/supermajority+WH. Stop whining like you care any more now, just political capital #Shameless
Chuck, you're full of crap
You can count on @TheDemocrats to be loyal, to their own best interests! They're morally & ethically bankrupt! #DACA 
DACA IS ILLEGAL! 6MOS.! NOW GET ON IT
.So Trump finally put a fire under your butt
They only care about their money flow, Chuckles.   YOU, however, are supposed to care about our laws and our country.  You messed that up.
Good, now you have a list of employers you can go after for hiring illegals. Use it.
STOP OBSTRUCTING Chuck!!
It's all about the money with Schumer. Nothing else matters to him!
They want Cheap labor Chuck or maybe your not smart enough 2 FIGURE it out or your getting $700K from your "friend" to support #DACA
You forget this?
Easy to cherry pick a few good examples to make yourself feel good. It's about respecting the constitution. That pesky document.Do your job
Trump said it was congresses job to fix it. If its so important less tweets more work Chucky.
#constitution  not emotion anchoring US to debt
Make sure you fine them for hiring illegals. This against the federal law, but you already knew that right, Chuck?
EXACTLY!
Cheap slave labor!
SENATOR I THINK IT'S ABOUT TIME CONGRESS STARTED TO WORK TOGETHER AS A TEAM!
And @SenSchumer @SenateDems

 @HouseDemocrats @DNC you had

 2012 2fix this& you did nothing

How cruel of you @DNC 

Now have 6months
Business leaders are not doing this for DACA, they are doing this for cheap labor. DACA needs to leave, get legal & come back as US citizens
Hey everyone business leaders defend #DREAMers because they want the cheap labor. Those assholes don't want to hire Americans.
#Dreamers #DefendDACA #DACA
Tainted opinions of Foolishness bullshittery
Then you should have acted under Obama was not important to you then
You don't get to 500 million friends w/o some of them being Russian...
MUST WATCH - This needs to go VIRAL
Propaganda War: FB, Twitter, Russia, the GOP & Trump. Watch & Read the Thread.
You have 45.2k followers how many of those are Russians?
