BREAKING: Trump tells @sarahcwestwood in exclusive interview he's “absolutely” exploring breaking up 9th Circuit http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/trump-absolutely-looking-at-breaking-up-9th-circuit-court-of-appeals/article/2621379 …
Whether they're constitutional or not is up to the 9th to decide, not you.
Are you citing the constitution while making the case for 'breaking up the 9th'?
Which has relevance to whether the 9th decides correctly ... how, exactly? You want to gerrymander the courts because you can't deal?
They all go by the Constitution. 'Activist' just means you don't like their decisions.
It's gonna happen, either you like it or not. Liberals 
Hey Jacob do you know our government lives by a System called Checks & Balances. #Government101 Tell that to Donald.
You should text the liberal Judge in SF who rather harvest criminals.
Criminals Haha
Go fish.

The fact you added Obama to represent your face, is weakness. Snowflakes
Pres.Obama in entered a mess and turned it around in 8 Darn Years
I Don't Think Trump or his Crazy Followers gets the term Checks & Balances.
Last time the GOP Held the WH For 12 Years they made America a total mess. And Who fixed it President Bill Clinton.
Lmao. What did Clinton fix? Read up on Jimmy Carter. Then Reagan. See who fixed what. 4 years of Dem Carter decimated America.
12 Years of Reagan- Bush Polices led to a Recession who fixed it President Clinton.
And don't post any made up mumbo-jumbo either. I'll prove u wrong every time.

Is he aloud to do this?
Personally, I think Trump might have symptoms of dementia!
Fight for our healthcare
All I want is a President who knows what the job entails and what the Constitutional limits are. Is that really too much to ask?
I'll expect that to happen when he releases his plans to defeat ISIS and reduce the cyber, his study on voter fraud, and oh yeah, his taxes!
9th circuit court must be broken up.  It has too many judges, too many cases, cannot serve people well. No longer works.
Why do idiot Trump-eteers want to RUIN their own freaking country? Wake up, people!!!  There are checks and balances for a reason!
Please explain, Sen Schumer, how it is that many of the Republicans do not question his rhetoric and actions as President?  Still slams PBO
Omg!!! Someone PLEASE get him out! How will we ever recover from his damage?
Fight back on this Trump can't bully citizens to get his unlawful agenda forced through
While I am far far far from a constitutional scholar I assume the Pres cannot tamper with federal court circuits.
The President can sign the bill that was introduced by flake and mccain back in January... this has been in the works...
@philipaklein @sarahcwestwood @dcexaminer He's "absolutely" aiming for impeachment. Should easily beat Nixon's record on that.
Trump is taking down that 9th circuit zoo of Obamas flunkees & u too!! New sheriff in town!
Ya that's not happen my Pet!
That's pesky Constitution & 10th Amendment Rights 
So much winning 

#LickAWitch
Prob not us Christian freedom fighters don't kill people 4what we want like DEMORATS!
#Impeach45 now! This is complete crap. He is totally off the rails. He thinks he's a dictator.
@POTUS is having another temper tantrum because he isn't getting his way. #PoorBaby  #TrumpRussia #LockTrumpUp
Maybe Trump should read the constitution. He can't touch them!
people who are unaware of how government works while still being investigated by the FBI, have no business being president.  PERIOD
I hope he does it.
Yes, I mean why would we break up the most overturned court in America?  Professional losers.  No worries.  Look at the Supreme Court.
impeach him now
If he so much as tries, this is tyranny under our Constitution & if every one of you do not move to impeach him, you will have a revolution.
Only one problem, nothing to impeach him for.
Incompetence. Emoluments. Conflicts of Interests. Collusion. Medically Incapable. Off the top of my head.
Ya'll should stop watching TV news media, it is poisoning your minds.
Yep.  Just say he is going on vacation, Sparky.
Uh, he can't do that. You have to impeach judges which require congress. Trump is so pitiful is almost comical. Congress 101!
No you don't
you do sherri
None of you know anything about the federal judiciary.
i do
Congress created the federal judiciary. They can also regulate it.
"Absolutely" YES!!!!!!!!!!!!
Absolutely!
- What ya gonna do Chuck? RESIST? What is worse than the Democrats doing nothing? The Democrats RESISTING EVERYTHING!!
Vote the stupid liberals out of office. Judges need to follow the law not personal dictates. It will happen
Break up the 9th circuit court. The judges there r illiterate.  They don't know how to read and follow the constitution.  Proud of Trump


We can dream and hope you are wrong as you usually are.
Payback is a bitch Schumer dont bitch when it happens
I hope @realDonaldTrump does this just to piss all you liberals off
Dems will loose more seats during the 2018 mid-term election! falalalala!! Don't like @POTUS ?! Move to Syria!  Flalalala!!
GOOD Break it up they seem to think they can pick and choose what laws to enforce schumer you are a P.O.S. so is the rest of you Libturds
Hope he breaks up the 9th circuit. Trump has the power and needs to take them out. They are not law abiding Obama people
Great NEWS
Absolutely true. That would be the right thing to do.
Schmuck only cares about his own pocket book. He is an obstructionist who hates America. He's filthy rich so he doesn't care about people.
Senator, please focus on the #Trumprussia investigation, our POTUS is a traitor and a crook, lock him up!
Trump is degrading what is good about America and his tax plan is horrible: it will suck wealth from the poor and pass it to the wealthy.
@POTUS 9th circuit is Dems only ace in the hole. The force behind their agendas not justice. @realDonaldTrump is sick of it, as are we all.
Will someone tell TheJoker he's not the President of the United States please
Do u acautty read thisl
The Wallis going up we will money from El chupo
Don't get cocky shumer ur not getting voted in the next election!

What you think you are God now
Loser!!! You are letting personal issues with Trump as President get in way of your job...Woww
I really hope u read your comments! And I really hope u will start leading your party the right way! None of u will get votes in the future!
U can push this race card all day! But the reality is if there is another 9/11 it won't be trump that we blame! It will be you! U ok w that?
isn't about trump. Not about Dems or republicans! This is about the safety of our country! You're not doing what's best for us! Disturbing!
American people don't want sanctuary cities! You and the courts are putting our country in real danger! U just don't get it!

The 9th cir court making it possible for potential terrorists to come here from terrorist countries! Why would anyone be in favor of that?
The 9th circuit court is basically making it possible for illegal immagrants who commit crimes to walk freely in our country!
Does it ever bother you That you are so focused on politics you forgotten what's really important? Because it's really disturbing to watch!

U have it wrong, if the dems continue the current course, 2018 is going to be disastrous for you and your party! Proves u are disconnected
You don't have the brains of Chucky Cheese kid patrons
#BreakUpCorrupt9thCircuit!
How can he do what he promised when you cry baby liberals in there
Now he's talking about amending the Constitution?! Specifically the 1st Amendment, because he wants to sue (stop) the Press.
They took in place of established law words of the a person running for office&made a ruling that endangered all americans and that ok 2 U.
Good. Abt time.9th Circus decides cases on bias, not on law. & Trump CAN do it bec Reid changed rules to simple majority 4 non-SCOTUS judges
Try filing your bullshit in the 11th Cir. Court, they will laugh you our of their clerks office.The 9th has endangered America without cause
Good, why are you so worried about it, won`t have that tool to help you block Trump & him trying to do his job that we the people want done?
POTUS is right.  You and the dementia riddled Pelosi have doomed the Democratic Party.  We will make America Great without you lying crooks.
U and the Democratic Party don't realize we Americans don't want or need U any longer. The Trump movement will grow and make U dispensable.
By far the most annoying, winey, and nonsensical democrat in politics today. @chuckschumer. Shame for the Democratic Party. #corrupt
YES..I HOPE HE DOES IT!!
Anyone else notice how Scumer (and yes, I spelled that correctly) looks like every portrait of Satan ever made?  Coincidence?
So Chucky is a closet gay word is out when will he come out?
There are alot of vacancies on 9th circuit once those seats are filled his agenda wont be overturned by judicial activists
Are you going to 
Of course you say know! The courts are pushing your liberal agenda instead of following the constitution...and we know u only care about u
Obama packed all these courts with Leftistjudges! Break them up!
Congress has authority to remove judges! Leftist judges r legislating from the bench! Remove these leftist judges now!
You're more interested in a PISSING match than We The PEOPLE. We Lost. Move On. Be productive or retire.
Do it!!!
The ninth circuit is a socialist order, not a court!  I hope President Trump does break up the anti constitutionalist realm they are!!!
Do it !!!
America needs a non biased judicial system who's goal is not biased aide to promote a political agenda
How many lies can you tell in one interview? OMG you are unbelievable. Get your party working for the people of this nation.
You don't have a clue what the American people want  the American people voted him in we won.. you didn't!!
Do you believe the shit that comes out of your mouth you hack
Retire
Happy trails Chuckie!!
Yes !! This will happen!!   Schumer go put in you're penguin suit..
@realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods Hey Chucky what are u going to do...cry?
@philipaklein @sarahcwestwood Party of obstruction and lawlessness.  No more office for your party.
GOOD they pick & choose what laws to enforce or the lack of laws they make up to suit the Democrat Party You are A P.O.S., F**K YOU
@philipaklein @sarahcwestwood Who the hell are you.
@philipaklein @sarahcwestwood Your not POTUS.
@philipaklein @sarahcwestwood Oh yes.....Drain that swamp.  You have no idea how to help Americans.  Childish.
Chuck, I think YOU think the American citizens are going to remain complacent. 90% of Americans think the senate is useless. Tribunals?
ZERO CREDIBILITY...HORRIBLE SENATOR...NO LEADERSHIP SKILLS. A PHONEY  THRU AND THRU
I have heard your quote. You feel that the socialist path is the correct path. We've taken "your path" for 8 years and look where we're at.
@dcexaminer Real leaders  are welcomed across political, cultural and legislative lines. No overreach necessary. #NoBanNoWall
Oh why not!
https://twitter.com/frances1509/status/858723822761111553 … see they are investigating you now and some of your friends
Turkey Is Investigating Chuck Schumer, Ex-CIA Director John Brennan In Probe Of US-Based Cleric http://dailycaller.com/2017/04/15/turkey-is-investigating-chuck-schumer-ex-cia-director-john-brennan-in-probe-of-us-based-cleric/ … via @dailycaller
You really should help @POTUS. It would be to your benefit.2018 isn't that far off. Would U like more opposition?
TRUMP IS LEADING THIS COUNTRY OUT OF THE DOOM CAUSED BY LIBERALS
I hope he does
U don't call the shots BotoxChuckie
You had no problem taking his money before he was president.  Maybe you, Pelosi and the rest of the negative politicians need to just resign
Yes, appoint all new judges!
Id rather see Trump by EO pass term limits & kick your unqualified ass to the curb
We all now legislating from the bench is wrong. Karma
Yeah!  Absolutely. They need to go. They don't vote on the law, they vote along liberal party lines.
Trump's not changing Chuckie babe, maybe you can change, usually BETA males can move DOWN the ladder further, but ALPHA
NOPE
Yes fake tears.  Over 80% reversal rate equals "Your fired"
That would be great news for the court to be in the history books as the corrupt leftist court that no longer exists....
Listen to this #SwampMonster, I'd worry less about Trump and more about Anthony Weiner's #LifeInsurance policy / Fleeing with Obama
When President Trump sees a problem, he corrects it.  Using our courts to Obstruct.  Should be a "severe" penalty for bringing false cases.
Good. Can't U admit they R wasting taxpayers money by taking & losing futile cases.  Not just Trump travel, but all their cases,96% turnover
You are a dork.
They need to be..theses judges rule bSed on political beliefs not the law..break up 9th district ir replaces all the judges..
We will ABSOLUTELY TRY!  You are sour, cynical, totally alienating bi partisan voters such as myself.  Yuck.  Will never vote dem again!
Chuckles....you ain't @POTUS
whooohooo  let's hope so!  maybe it will stop legislating and start interpreting the law according to the Constitution instead of popularity
Actually, yes.
Yes we should abolish the 9th Circuit court. Their rulings are over turned 80% of the time because they don't follow the constitution it....
it is a waist of tax dollars. It is nothing more than an extention of the demarcate/ communist party.

Great break it up!
You have no authority goof. We won
Your silly policies will end your party.  Just as on election night, u'll be dumbfounded as to why. Liberal policies don't work-That's why.

(Thread)This thread is a declaration for our demand for impeachment. This is a list of all members of congress, RT this thread to your reps
Return to school,take a civics/govt class. Impeachment depends on conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other High Crimes and Misdemeanors."
Misdemeanors can be described as almost anything, Please read the book "A Case for Impeachment
You need serious mental help
You are the most EVIL person (you are NO man) in history...you & your Soros buddy!!
Wanna bet?
The majority get to decide. Impeachment of those not following oath of office are breaking the law. #impeach9thcircuit
