
@senschumer how have you ever helped the middle class?
seriously what do you know about the middle class?  you spout such Bullshit but for sure know how to accept Soros money.
Wow Chuck criticizes. He is such an agreeable sort of guy. No news here
You're a toxic old-windbag. You need to resign and give it to the younger generation.
Trump only wants to help his self and rich friends.
Senator Schumer is stupid, spreading lies
Schumer u do know that the Democratic party has turned socialist party so is the Nazi party and Hillary Hitler quit crying like the assholes y'all are and listen to the people of this country who voted for Donald Trump and do what the people want which is tax reform .
Why should reps include dems? The dems are avowed destructers... A waste of time. Schumer simply lies.
Chuck, your nose is growing
All this going on in America and once again selfserving Democrats want the spotlight.  Hillary should be poking her head out soon about her
Keep on fighting - we are with you & Trump must go - & hopefully to jail  ASAP
Anything that includes the democrats is a DISASTER.
So Schmucke, propose a FLAT tax. Business will boom, your (govt) revenue will skyrocket! You are #Corrupt!
You know what didn't help the Middle class... Obamacare!!!!
Did he cry?
The New Democrats party and Schumer supports these people
Always criticizing.  What legal accomplishments was done the last 8byears . We know of the illegal .. DACA. Unmasking.. wiretapping..
Schumer is a great person to summarize tax reform. NY has some of the highest taxes, slowest growth, and the most people moving out. 

Oh yes the old Democrat “Middle Class”Mantra.
@POTUS Schmuckie criticizing #taxreform. A party that crushed USA with more debt than anytime in history of USA. problem is spending & fraud
Loser more than you help
Get rid of Mueller
your retweeted your own interview  what a clown
pic of a has been empty suit!!
There is no correlation between corporate tax cuts and wages or welfare of workers. Any suggestion otherwise is myth or propaganda.
Chuck Schumer is a professional politician who has NEVER had a real job. He's exactly the kind of swamp sludge that needs to drained!
Schumer, the one that voted to get rid of The Glass- Steagall Act that protected peoples money and kept it from being gambled by WallStreet.
Oh are an idiot Schumer.
Its the Same old Song & Dance, We the People will Never stop fighting. TY Senator
Mr Schumer. Quit lying to the American people. You are out of line and soon to be out of service.  Voters will let you go.
No help for anyone unless you are part of the elite, billionaire club. Toxic policy and destructive ideology. It won’t work.
So true, so true
You know FEMA & other fed workers were in PR before either hurricane hit.  PR infrastructure & elec power grid was failing before storms.
Let's talk about the deficit. Where the hell were you, when you democrats added 9 TRILLION DOLLARS, to the deficit in the last 8 years? 
Isn't that weird that he's always tan? I guess not... they plenty of time to relax since they do nothing in Congress.
Why in the hell do you think the rich should be taxed at a higher rate than the rest of America? Why do you punish success&favor cronies?
Good ole " lyin chuck " is at it again.
Chucky hates America, so stop showing him on Twitter
If she ever wants to help the middle class maybe he has a proposal. I doubt he does.
U Firmly Believe that if U tell A LIE Enough Times People will Accept IT! DON"T It's Still A LIE! @SenSchumer @TheDemocrats @NancyPelosi
Schumer has been in Congress 19 YEARS!! And has done NOTHING TO HELP THE MIDDLE CLASS!! AND HE NEVER WILL, HIS LOBBYIST WON'T ALLOW IT!!
Schumer don't want it to help us.He wants to keep us down so he & his rich cronies can keep living it up. Schumer &dems lie to constituents!
Trump and "fat cat" Republicans: Their only agenda is lining their pockets !!! 
WRONG!!!
Chuckie and his disgusting party wants to control the American people
U are so full of  Chuckie
Propagandist and liar just like Hitler's brown shirts
Deficits are caused by your over spending. Taxation is theft stopping any of it is a good thing.
Yes it will, you just refuse to accept it because you are a Demoncrat. Other than usual talking points, show me why it will not work. Econ101 says yes. Politics 000 says NO.
Oh just shut up! You've done nothing for the middle class.
I'm the middle class. It will help me. What's more important is that it will keep the money away from the Washington Leeches!
CHUCK, TELL THE TRUTH! Reform will take away your SLUSH FUNDS!
CRYING SCHUMER DOES NOT CARE ABOUT THE MIDDLE CLASS AMERICANS HE ONLY WORKS FOR ILLEGAL ALIENS. HE ALSO HATES TRUMP AND HIS AGENDA
Both parties should come up with a plan on certain points. Then negotiate somewhere in the middle. You know common sense
He has never seen middle class. How would he know.
Aren't YOU RICH and POWERFUL? You should love it, because it will help you and ALL the RICH democrats. What an idiotic statement. Hypocrite
Don't believe the political "Hacks."  What you want is important, enough voters tell their politicians what they want, they get it...
again, like healthcare, like travel ban, like everything else if it is GOP or Trump Chuckie boy & his sheep won't like it ever!
More granstanding by good old Chucky. Middle class and small business see breaks. Corp see some and can compete with other countries. Dope
Trump doesn’t care about the middle class, only the upper, upper, upper class.
@realDonaldTrump  Chuck either you know what you tweeted is incorrect and just YOU being an obstructionist, or worse you don't have a clue 
You no you are lying and 80% of the American people knows just how much the Communist party lies
Yeah that’s right Chuck: Who wants lower taxes across the board and a simplification of the tax form ?Democratic lobbyists - that’s who
When was the last time you helped the middle class you've been bought and paid for along time ago you hypocrite

.@nedryun: "We have a sitting Democrat US Senator on trial for corruption and you've barely heard a peep from the mainstream media." 
Now how Chucky know he has never done anything to help the middle class. Only helps his own pocketbook
Doubling the standard deduction sounds good to me
Isn't "FARCE THE NATION" the platform for fake news from the Democrat Party and its sock puppet CNN?   Why else would Schumer be invited?
Ask Schumer to share some of his billions
Dems had 8 yrs to do something about taxes. Now they have plenty to say
Reagon did it, and made for an increase in gov revenue. Which got.pit back into economy
@SenSchumer and the @SenateDems don't care about the midle class, they care about keeping their power with our corrupt and malable Tax Code.
And anything have done did. Your a fraud and need to go. Vote out Schumer.
@SenSchumer Trump is an empty suit is there a strategy better than pretending otherwise? One more honest. Only a fool would work with him.
#FullRepeal will help the middle class.
Schumer criticizes anything  that will bring progress to this country.
Dear Senator & Congress, in the face of this willful negligence, you must unite, lead and help PR. We are leaderless & DT unhinged
Checked out your feed your as bat shit crazy as quoting the 'tax foundation' suggests. Since U R so Dr. Educated, what does'botch' ellide?
Not fast enough, that would be a bot like bitch or a bitch of a bot,  peace and out,
Sen Schmuck, how can you pontificate that crap? U & Ur crony's just doubled the deficit, more that ALL PRESIDENTS combined! Hatemonger!
Chuck & Dems only know how to tax regulate make everything more expensive and watch jobs leave. They r clueless how to help the middle class
DRUNK WITH CULT 45 HANGOVER SOON DUDE BETTER  STOCK UP ON OTC RELIEF STORES WILL BE CLOSED IF YOUR LUNATIC GOES TOO FAR IN N. K. BYE NOW.
Chuck aren't your largest campaign contributors the beneficiary of the %15 cap gain tax break? http://Opensecrets.org  to fact check
If I see crying Chuck one more time ,going to loose my lunch .
I don't trust one word from him...he w/have the MClass struggle 2 pay 4 his promised benefits programs..
https://twitter.com/twitter/statuses/913849250953523201 …

No reference to doubling the standard deductions.
Surprised? Do something @SenSchumer ! Filibuster. Someone in the WH should be considering We The People!
"Now Ned, them Dems are going to tell different lies than you Reps..And when their lies ain't the same as your lies— Well, .."
Don’t forget when federal government cuts taxes, less money goes to the states and the states raise taxes to make up different! #TaxReform
Schumer: Republican plans added 1 trillion to debt. Meanwhile Obama and Democrats added 10 trillion to national debt.
Schumer logic: Under plan you will get a $1000 tax reduction but your neighbor will get $2k therefore you should reject it. No Schumer plan
You lying your feet stink and you don’t love Jesus
Under the plan Schumer taxes will go up. 75% Americans don't itemize. Doubling the deduction will lower your taxes. Playing class warfare.
@johndickerson "Chuck Schumer has just given the opposition view and I don't think he took a breath".
#FTN #Filibuster @jdickerson
Trump plan like Iowa & OklaTax Plan 8 years ago. Tax cuts to 1% now NO money for schools cuts to social programs.
Look at the man who will do anything to keep POTUS from doing good for the American People !! Face of Hatred !!
Cult much.
A Swamp Rat that has run America into the pit it is today...
7short years ago Dems foisted Obamacare on US &delayed the worst parts4 later.They pushed Cadillac Tax back 2 2020so base won’t feel it, yet
Schumer is nothing but a liar his main focus is to prevent POTUS from doing anything to MAGA he wants failure !
DRUNK WITH CULT 45 WILL YOU BLOCK ME BABY BEFORE I BLOCK YOU ?
Loved it when Schumer suggested he cared.Still waiting 4 ‘strict workplace+border security’he promised Reagan in1986.His word isn’tworth 
You worry about increasing the deficit? Where were you during the Obama years?
Sen Schumer stop lying to the American people. Your only purpose is to obstruct
Great points and thank you for watching out for the people's' interest over that of the ultra wealthy-who actually possess all the power now
The ultra wealthy are Chucks biggest campaign contributors who benefit from the %15 cap gain loophole. Wonder why he doesn't mention this?
He will have to address it eventually for sure if so! Doesn't detract from the fact that GOP is not being honest about their tax schemes.
Doesn't doubling the standard deduction sounds good to you?
I do, also reducing corporate taxes to increase jobs and employee benefits. Corporations provide most non-subsidized healthcare tax base!
# Biase news
WHEN TRUMP SAYS "BELIEVE ME" ON HIS PROPOSED TAX PLAN IT'S A TELL SIGN THAT HE IS LYING!
Y didn't @TheDemocrats offer any tax cuts 4 middle class? @SenMajLdr
Giving more $$ to 1% just increases GREED .. G W Bush PROVED IT ..did not create U S economic growth .. it CRASHED  US @mmfa #TrumpTaxScam
And OBAMA did?
Doubling the standard deduction doesn't work for you? Sounds great to me.
Of course he does, but was all in for obamacare. Bias? You betcha.
Schumer is full of so much hot air you can hang a basket from him and give tours of the country.

Seen. Schumer will fight against EVERYTHING that Republicans put forth.
