You guys need to set your priorities because if noting else you have proven you cant multitask. Fix Flints water. A simple job like water.
flints water should be fixed by flint.
Every major city in the US gets funding for these types of projects. We as a country owe the people of Flint our support.
Nothing more then anyone else gets. They decided to switch sources and were told the risk. They made their bed.
The people didn't get a choice a republican governor made the decision. When you make a bad decision it's your responsibility to correct it.
No flint council made choice. Governor is how far they had to go to find a republican to blame for dimocrat failures.
Why did the governor brag saved the state one million dollars a year. Independent Investigators: State Officials Mostly To Blame For Flint.
Lmao. Flint council voted to change source of water despite warnings. They are the reason there was a problem.Independent investigations lol
So producing our own energy isn't for all Americans? What are you smoking?
Solar and wind
We have that, it isn't quite the return we were told. However, I'm not against creating more solar & wind power also.
It's getting better and better.
Near me, they tried putting up windmills, ppl were against because it was a corporation doing it.
People don't want big corporations making the money. Can you imagine the money that could be saved if consumers were given the opportunity.
Are you insane? Maybe you need to research the cost of construction & maintenance costs of those windmills. Few ppl have that kind of money.
That's exactly my point. If we move ahead with this technology it indeed becomes more affordable.Give people tax incentives.
The unconstitutionally held land by the fed gov should be given to the states...stop breaking the law!!
U need to read the Constitution concerning "public lands!" Federal government is limited on what it can hold. @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump
Democrats  hate the constitution and do not follow it.
Let's make blanket statements so that we don't get anywhere
What! You need help understand the Constitution? My guess is that you must be a liberal socialist.
No you'll fight to get that tie on...my kid's "Student Body" has already got more work done than the whole Dem Party. what are you doing?
If their public lands how come good people are sitting in prison because they were federal lands ? Politicians play on words
your nasty little sound bites are lies, we need to roll back Obama's Federal land grabs!!!
Then u sir are a true buffoon !!
You fight something new every Sunday during your news bite.  Bullcrap.  Your ethically bankrupt Aides lead you by the nose. You just talk
Please do not let Trump sell our National Parks. Impeach Trump/Pense.
Can't sell what doesn't belong to us.
Hey Chuckle's you have destroyed enough U support wind, most environmental damaging energy producer.
You guys are misled if you believe the US still owns these parks. Other countries own more of our "public properties" than we do!
We must get our economy going again. Why do I have to explain everything to you?
This I agree with. Did you know Japan owns a lot of American land? Yep. Sold out by DC (probably Schumer) in the past.

This president & his minions have already started America down the path to ruin. Am very disheartened these days.
This President? You people have bought government lies & cover-up for so long, you don't know the truth when you hear it!
Chuckle's the only lamb you sell out on is in Utah since will never win the state
Chuck I'm a biologist and not lumbering a forest makes them great big forest fires.
And the forest service does a great job with that.
You and the democrats keep up obstructing everything & your party will continue to lose. Everyday Americans are sick of nothing getting done
You will fight everything!  Do you think we haven't noticed?  Vote these obstructionists out.  Unite us!
If it can be mined or used to benefit America and out future use it, mine the guts out of it. COAL, GAS,LOGGING it all equals JOBS ! #MAGA
Because Democrats despise the American Worker. We noticed finally and elected a businessman who you're now obstructing. We fix that in 2018.
CONGRESS SHOULD LOOK AT AMENDING THE CONSTITUTION ON POTUS PARDONING POWERS!
Mr Schumer please. Try to work with some of the good. Republicans and see if we can't make this world better if not get him the hell out.
This should be a question on the Ballot, since these lands belong to us,  the citizens of The United States.
Better check who the land really belongs to before you go to the polls.
So you are saying 2017 is the first year in US history that companies have leased govt land for these purposes?
We need room for all the illegals you love
You also need to do something about THIS.
I thought the fact that it was public land made it the public's. How exactly is it sold off and stripped without our consent?
What about jobs and taxes?? It all matters.
Thank you Senator Schumer!
What about @NASA Drilling to relieve pressure in yellow stone? You have given them 3.64 billion dollars to do that.
NASA's concerned about "supervolcano" Drilling 2 pump h2o 2 cool volcano is 1 IDEA.  Congress isn't involved& $0spent!#factsmatter
And allow our businesses  to go overseas!!!!  Yipppeee!!!
How long is it going to take in 2021 (when dems/libs are back in control) to reverse all this greedy, live for today only bullshit?
Cut your pontificating and get your ass to work. This man is tearing down our country, ffs.
Chuckle , The Feds own too much land and they have mismanaged most of it. The BLM has ruined the Bonneville salt flats.
Please please please
Yes! Also block these upcoming bills until they get the wolf delisting riders and anti-public land riders stripped out   #nodelisting
You suck it chuck
1 in 7 New York City Elementary Students Will Be Homeless, Report Says https://nyti.ms/2vBjS3H   DO SOMETHING SCHUMER !!! WE ELECTED YOU !!
Thank you! @SenSchumer
Conserve our public lands!
Get your asses back to work, our country is in shambles. Help us.
@Empnew also sane the wild horses from slaughter. They are the heritage from American western past. Save them the bears wolves 2
Aren't drillers,miners,loggers Americans?

But the public can NOT enjoy these "national monuments" as they did in the past by hiking, camping, hunting on it.
Thank you!
What do the Koch boys want?
Thanks Chuck! Tell Trump to keep his tiny hands off our public lands!
This is insane!  Please stop TRUMP!
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!GOD BLESS YOU, CHUCK SCHUMER!  Why is it taking so long to IMPEACH trump?
@mame6432 Trump has to be stopped from destroying Our Country !
Schumer,  The Big Joke,  is now the Big Fighter.  You Sir are a big  lot of things including AH.
Thank you. This is a takeover for profit of our public lands.
#ImpeachTrump
#FireMiller
#FireGorka
#FireHannity
#NaziTrumpFuckOff
#DoSomethingGOP
#TheResistance
#25thAmendmentNow
#BoycottBrietbart
diversion:)) and not a very effective one
FIGHT THIS ONE TOO PLEASE?!?
THANK YOU!
Youd s**t in your hat & pull it over your head if you thought would get you votes Your legacy is cemented as disgraceful anti american shill
Thank you now could you please help Yogi Bear and boo boo they are still killing them
Can you also "fight the push" to STEAL SOVERIGN LAND FROM ALL NATIVE AMERICAN TRIBES for "drilling,mining,logging" AND OIL PIPE LINES?
THANK YOU! These lands belong to the PUBLIC, not Kochs & friends.

If rape and pillage is what you want, Trump is your man!
Thank you.
Thank you sir. We'll be praying for your success. But #Trump loves money more that anything or anybody.

@SenSchumer will force a shutdown by opposing what America voted for in 2016. 7 months and not one Democratic vote on anything. Obstruction.
@Senschumer is fighting more jobs and America taking over the energy sector. Big surprise. This guy is Putin's real puppet. What a disgrace.
@RepDennisRoss This is how to represent  the American PEOPLE  & protect OUR lands. #WatchAndLearn
#KeepItPublic
@realDonaldTrump claims to care about "heritage" but of course that only applies to racist, white heritage.
And leave native land to natives!   respect treaties! #WaterIsLife, #NoDAPL
Fight and ACTIVATE!
Thank you Senator Schumer!
Don't let GOP and Trump rape our national parks
Wow, I just fainted, something I can finally agree with you on!
I sure hope so. That land is for the people.  I wonder how Teddy Roosevelt would feel about that? #FridayFeeling #Resist
While you're at. Hate to interrupt your vacation but 45 is looting our country&now wants to do same to others. Afghanistan for minerals.
Another component is giving/selling nice land to cronies/new American oligarchs for them to use or monetize. Trump might like a hotel there.
RACIST DEMOCRATS!!!
Thank you Chuck Schumer sane America has your back
Please!! We are helpless.
You will fight everything & anything.  Did Soro's provide U with the handbook, "Rules for Radicals"?  Vote these radical obstructionists out
They want to leave monuments of evil and strip our real history preserved lands! It's UNREAL
Schumer just fear mongering again to rattle the snowflake crowd
One problem is - when Obama designated them monument lands nobody can go on to them and enjoy them basically closed nobody can use them.
Of course you will. Anything but make money. Our money pays for your insurance though. Enjoy the money while you can. You won't be reelected
Schumer and brother don't care if someone already owns the land they intend to sell it to China anyway to hell with the land owners !
Schumer and his brother are trying to sell land to China in Nevada and Texas and some of the land already has owners that don't want to sell
"Chuckie-Cheeze"~Your responsibility IS TO DEFEND/PROTECT America/Americans... NOT to be the continent's largest landowner!!
Jis do yer job!
Let me know what I can do to help you.
The government owns way to much land. Have it used so there is some Benifit for the people not just a liability
Stop bull shiping... those lands have never been visited by anyone, there's no road,  another straw man argument. Need energy independence.
But tear down statues? #cantmakethisstuffup!
Americans fed up w trump selling out USA NO wall destroying endangered wildlife - private lands! Referendum needed!! Congress not helping!!
Keep on fool it won't make a difference
Why don't you stop the lying
Thank you.
thank you Senator for fighting the good fight; public lands belong to the people, and they need to be preserved.
Do not forget the Water Protectors of North Dakota, WHY ARE WE ALWAYS FORGOTTEN? THIS LAND WAS OURS LONG BEFORE IT WAS TAKEN BY BROKEN 1/3
PROMISES AND TREATIES. WHEN EVER THIS SUBJECT OF DRILLING ECT  NOTHING IS SAID ABOUT THE WATER PROTECTORS AND WHAT WE ARE FIGHTING FOR 2/3
IN NORTH DAKOTA. IT IS TIME TO INCLUDE NATIVE AMERICANS WHEN YOU GIVE  YOUR TWEETS AND SPEECHES.
#SaveBearsEars more than ever, because everything Rump does is revenge against Obama humiliating him; Bears Ears is first to be dismantled!
THANK YOU
Thank you.
Stop Construction on public lands too.
Keep up the fight! We must resist this horrific idea.
you meant to say "keep the public jobless and dependent on govt"
Can you #ImpeachTrump & prosecute Roger Stone for inciting lawlessness   while you're at it please ?

just horrible! Like any of us want public lands sold for condos. Keep our monuments, our federal public land for us! Whole Cabinet is crooks
Don't just fight-stop it. Zinke made deals w Kochs b4 he joined cabinet-get him out for cause NOW! We don't have time 4 politics-
#NaturalMonuments #NationalParks #MustSave #SELLINGUSOUT #SCRUPLES4RUBLES #ABUSEOFPOWER #KEEPINTACT #NOMINING #NOSELLING2BIDDERS #INEPTWH
You did SELL-OUT years ago
Thank you for caring about the public lands & the beautiful forests they contain which must be preserved for all time.
Thank you, @SenSchumer for your efforts during this very chaotic & trying time in our country. We, Amer. ppl, need your voice & many more!
Don't let them sell our public lands for rich developers, either!  Keep them public access!
Bald eagles mate for life. Male and female. But the human family says we are  multigender what insanity says the eagle
Another lie the Democratic Party is not for the public. Not if you close it off.
I wonder why the Democrats are so silent? Complicit? Hmmm.
How about getting Donald removed first?
Please!!
The federal government is the largest land owner. Why do they need that much land? Give it back to us
horse shit.,.U don't give a shit about preservation/it is about of STOPPING oil production.. GTH
There's nothing wrong with any of the industries that you listed. If you had a clue about them, you know they take care of the environment.
Except no one believes you. You supported a liar in 44 and all you've done over the last 10 years is waste my money on your BS.

teddy Roosevelt is watching us
Save our forests
We are with you @SenSchumer & the country needs you & the Democrats to succeed b/c Trump is corrupt. He & GOP leadership not fit to lead
Thank you!!!
Well Chuckie, suppose you and New York produce your own petroleum, lumber, minded products and stop importing any from out of state!
One day I will be a sellout and run for office and make lots of money being globalist & obstructionist
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you-we need someone to help the fight-DT/Zinke/GOP selling our lands 4their profit-& to their donors- #Disgraceful #outdoorfamilies
Get the Fed out.. States manage better.
Thank you.
please !! dont fight for us.. we have our potus !!
Since when did you start working for American? Resist and obstruct, your not working for none of us Americans. Your a blow hard nothing more
You go Chuck!
boy you hate all americans  you put coal steel auto worker out of work,how many more are you going to hurt...true hater you are....
Bravo
Thx senator. I know you're working your butt off (in a quiet&demur manner) to protect us from this creepshow of a WH
I wish rnc would adopt all of your positions!
Just to watch you run to adopt their abandoned positions. Think about it chucky!
Thank you!
Schumer you would fight anything that makes common sense because you are totally void of it. Obstructionist!
Many places they turn into parks after reclamation and they r beautiful. Most dont understand what mining is to this country
Keep Columbus Circle!
.@SenSchumer it's happening in your back yard! Check out @AMNH landgrab of @RooseveltParkNY an #NYC #public #park
Career in mining.States regulate through state agencies (DEC-ny,DEP-pa, etc.)Mines pay alot $ for permits with reclamation requirements 1/2
Good thinking, Chuck
Utahans are desperate over Hatch & Lee selling out Bears Ears & Grand Staircase-Escalante.  Please stop them.
Chucky is being an Ass. He's mad because #President stuffed his regulations down his throat. Now wants to ruin all public lands. He's STUPID
Big time. Also fight this admin on stealing other country's natural resources
I prefer to keep it productive.
American people need jobs #ChuckietheClownSchumer unlike you who had lost touch with the working class! It is time for you to retire!
go, Chuck!
How about you give those lands back to the States and get the Government out of the real estate business 
The minute the states take control, the land will be sold to the public. It would absolutely ruin this country.
@potus has plans to loot Afghanistan of its minerals so he should leave R own lands alone.  In any case @gop's silence on this is deafening.
So you want to take away a lot of jobs & the complete energy  indepence of our country. We do not have to have millions of acres  off limits
Thank you Senator! What they take will be lost forever! #KeepItPublic
there are good billionaires
and
there are bad billionaires...
.
.
support good billionaires...
deport bad billionaires...
Thank you!

The Real NAZI Revealed, An Old Editorial On Chuck Schumer Being A Natzi. The Irony Could Not Be Sweeter

#NAZI #DemExit #MAGA #Politicians 
Dems policies are never thought through. They always fall short.
Really. You allow bikes to destroy the land. Fires destroy too much polluting air; trees that fall logged r creat fodder for fires
