And to compare with #Obama100days accomplishments, which included landmark stimulus law that helped end Great Recession, restore job growth.
Obama was a disaster.  GDP growth never made it over 2%.  Low paying jobs are not progress.
1/2 Real median household income, which fell over $3K in decade before Obamacare, has rebounded $3K in seven years under Obamacare.
Wow $3k. That is called inflation.  Loving the Trump bump in the stock market better.   I earned $10k in 100 days.
Incorrect. The "real" in "real median household income" means inflation-adjusted. #TryAgain
Also, if you like the short-term "Trump Bump" in the Dow (6%), you must have LOVED the sustained Obama Boom (+148%). http://www.factcheck.org/2017/01/what-president-trump-inherits/ …
Wow.  More false propaganda.   You are full of them.   #obamasucked
You misspelled "numbers." I am full of them. If you're going to cite specific numbers (see your Dow tweet), hard to then call them "false."
That's a joke coming from you you are poisonous to your party 2018 will show you were sick of your crap
The Admin should accomplish what the people want, not what the politicians personally want.The people are the govn, not the other way around
Better time to look at what he trying to do and look at what and WHO is blocking him...Hope you plan on retiring soon not being reellected
He has and is being very successful.  Obstructionist Chuck is in meltdown mode.  Left still in shock and dismay that Trump won. Funny to see
Go Ahead #shutitdown @POTUS has to #buildTheWall that is what we voted for @SpeakerRyan @rushlimbaugh @TuckerCarlson @OANN @FoxNews
He has do so much - in spite of fighting you, the press and some repubs that don't want to lose their perks, so they fight all the way.
He's accomplished NOTHING!!
His best and biggest accomplishment was and is to unite the resistance.
He managed to manipulate the media and the senate into this humiliating bus trip to the WH, acting like the alpha dog. FOolish to go along.
Has: divided our country, insulted allies, made us insecure, aligned us w dictators, embarrassed us in world, brought us closer 2 nuke war,
You just clearly described the Obama administration.
Let's look back at your last 8 years. Hypocrite
While we're at it, We can also go through what the previous administration hasn't accomplished.
The accomplishment list will take about 10 sec. For the unaccomplished list ..... how much time have you got?!
Doesn't even 10 sec to show Obama did nothing
Accomplished a lot ,working with china,look at Democrat and cabinet doesn't have one yet!!!!
Doesn't want POTUS Tax Plan for mid. Class. Congress 50% pay cut & work min 50 weeks a year. Max 4 staff members. Walk in our shoes!
More than the dems did in 8 years
Shut up Mr. Schumer no one cares what you have to say
How about MS 13
if Trump is doing so bad why is he done more than Obama. And you Democrat's need to stop being haters.
He hasn't, and we hate Nazis.
Democratic are the nazis
Supreme Court Justice 
 Needs a " changed the rules
Judge don't change rule

Fake news
100 days and he is still in office. Still no independent investigations. Senate and Congressional investigations stalled. Get Trump OUT
No get the democratic out
WHAT HAVE YOU ACCIMPLISHED????
#buildtheWall #buildthatWall #anyway #anyHow
After 8 terrible years of destroying our country we finally have a real president and you snowflakes can't handle somone who calls your B. S
THREATENS AND TERRORIZES AMERICANS.
Spraining my neck looking back on what Donald Dimwit has not accomplished.
You mean the black guy
Has accomplished catastrophes, one after the other after the other &  has NOT accomplished anything substantive or anything positive
That shouldn't take long since he has done nothing good for the country.
you make me sick all you can do is beat your chest we don't need back seat drivers let a real president work
We see what u Dems have accomplished. Absolutely nothing at all! As usual! Dems are DOOMED! Because of you! You ppl help Obama ruin us all!!
I could careless about Trump's 1st 100 days, I'm just happy they're not Crooked Hillary's 1st 100 days.... #TheBestIsYetToCome 
They have accomplished nothing but deception and destruction.
Trump's MOST important accomplishment for America was to put a complete halt to the Democratic Party for at least 4 years. 
Pretty short list
Way to continue to work against the people! If your entire goal is to work against the President the people will suffer
@SenSchumer, 100 Days is another distraction, IMO. All who love our country must focus every day on how Russia stole the election, who  /1
helped Russia tilt election to Trump, and how to protect country/st/local elections in future. #resist #persist #prevail #Trumprussia 2/2
I have to tell you Sen Schumer, this has been the most chaotic, disruptive, least transparent administration I have ever witnessed in 50 yrs
TRUMP HASDONE A GREAT JOB.  YOU ARE THE PARTY OF NO:  NO IDEAS, NO PLAN, NO BIPARTISANSHIP, PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY.  HYPOCRITES
WHAT ARE THE HAS???   I DIDN'T SEE A HAS.  HAS COMMITTED TREASON. HAS LIED.  HAS ESCALATED TOWARDS WAR. HAS GOTTEN AWAY WITH ALL OF IT.
While we're at it let's look at what wasn't accomplished under Obama and a fully Democratic congress. You should give back your salary
how about we look at what YOU have accomplished. You are a joke.
Think Conservative #SCOTUS for next 30 years
Like I said in a previous tweet, stop talking!
Yes, so what did u & #Obama do in 8 yrs, little.
Do you ever look at what YOU have or have not accomplished?
Thanks to Dems @SenSchumer @TheDemocrats Gutless GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP @freedomcaucus @SenMcCain @HouseGOP We will remember N 2018 &20
What have you done the last hundred days, Chuckie ?
It's good to look at all the bear traps you and mutley have thrown in his way to slow him.
You mean NOT ACCOMPLISHED
You screwed up 20% of the economy with the ACA.  I guess that's "getting something done" in your eyes.
Does your breath smell like a mix of herring and pastrami. Just a hunch as you look like you work in a deli
Mostly has not.
No thanks to you and all you lazy Dem. you all need to get busy doing what the people voted you in office to do.
As long as it makes you feel better about the next four yeas of losing, go for it.
And what have you done, but cause problems , instead of trying to work with him Phony and fake . You voted for border wall in 2006
nuttin honey
it accomplished a hellava lot more than YOU have
Trump has done well. No support from Democratic Party.
you have been in politics for decades! What have you done? U spend my money supper illegals and achieve nothing Scum of politics
Let's look at what you @SenSchumer haven't done first. Your involvement with getting people home on the ancient train system is a failure.
Constant issues constant talk from you but no action. @SenSchumer look in the mirror you're not great you're all talk.
Yes&we are THRILLED that @potus managed to be so productive considering the perpetual #Sabotage #Obstruction attempts. Time2STOP
WE WILL NEVER STOP.  TRUMP BELONGS IN JAIL, NOT THE WHITEHOUSE.
I can tell you Trump accomplished more in 100 days than Obama did in 8 years
His biggest accomplishment is managing not to yet get impeached/imprisoned by now.
I'm surprised he's lasted this long, to be honest.
It's time to impeach that crook for being a traitor THATS WHAT WE NEED TO DO CHUCK!
Your Oboma has turned man against man. Turned our Goverment into a joke! Our intelligence personal are now law breaking spies for you!!
Talk about a mess Oboma left, we will be lucky if their isn't a world war because of what your God left Trump to fix! And he will. U hate it
..and what has Senator Schumer accomplished?Ultimate resistance to POTUS and GOP at every turn?Fake tears of emotion?USA Leadership for all?
Chucky, will ya stop! It took Oboma a full Eight years to WRECH HAVIC on the Planet. This entire Global Disaster is Obama'a fault.
Well we know what you have been doing Chuck! .... Blocking work and complaining!







It has been a wild and successful ride reversing all the terrible Dem policies from the last 8 years.
Best administration in history. #TermLimits for you. Stop living off our tax dollar.

Mr Schumer. As the minority's leader you should gather up some of the Dems, ask for a meeting with POTUS and start negotiations.
These should focus on our threats as well as the well being of the people of the United States. Time to fight for all of us.
Nice tweet Chuck,way to create even more division in the conversation.A good leader would bring people together.We KNOW your not one.
Only you political hacks give a rats ass about 100 day metrics. Your entire career can be summed up with one word: FAIL
More than you will ever accomplish chuck
No thanks to you and your party as obstructionist.
Seems like a decent amount even with Schumer/Pelosi stonewalling.
We need our long over due back raises so we can live not just grovel raises to match the prices of things politicians be happy we die
How about us starving people on disability and social security try living on $1200 a month Republicans won't listen governers won't help
Time to retire Chuckie. We are sick of your BS
He made you cry!!  That was awesome.  GORSUCH.  EO's from your boy Barry which sucked. Pretty good stuff
What did you accomplish in your first 100 days as minority leader?
Chuck--get going and get him out. He us crazy. Now Canada? Get his twitter account taken down. We will all die
his accomplishments are much greater than any time period in bho admin!!  you commie fascists get outa his way and approve the budget!!
Let's look and see what you have accomplished other than being a whiney obstructionist
Only thing Trump & his administration has accomplished this last 3 months is make America hate again his family making money off we the ppl
100 days is bullshit and should not be an issue
8 years..of Obama's administration..what did you get done...health care....thats it..
The Trump admin.did more in 100 days then you yourself have in your whole career by the way release all campaign fund raising records please
You and you political B.S is hurting the safety of our country N.Korea/Iran/Russia let Trump fill the positions you and Nancy take the blam
Senate Russia hearings!  Help!  What happened?  Please help rid us of this goof.
Go Crybaby!  The Democratic Party is on a roll.  You guys are racking up victory after victory.  I like the way you step on Progressives
So what has your party accomplished, other than obstructing new ideas.
Nazism and white supremacy are not new.
Your are paranoid.
I am a constituent you wanted a wall 2006 now you don't, every one that knows you no offence but a political asshole wait next we vote
Its a good time to see how many tears you shed.
If your answer isn't that this corrupt incompetent fraud has accomplished NOTHING of value, why are you Sen Minority Leader?
They haven't accomplished anything
And exactly what have you accomplished- oh let's see being an obstructionist, cry baby.
YOU AND @NancyPelosi , VOTE NO ON TRUMPS TAX BILL, ANY BUDGET PROPOSAL, & THE NEW HC BILL. BTW: TEXANS MOSTLY DON'T WANT THE WALL.  #6/8/18
Heavy on the "has not".
How about listing 100 reasons why neither party couldn't field a garbage candidate....
86% rise in anti-semitism.  That's impressive.
Also LET YO colleague NO that At the expense of bombing Syria he could have put a handsome down payment on THE WALL!bomb's AMILL A PIECE.
Connected with PM Xi Jinping + China, they abstained from #UN Vote UNHEARD OF!!!
Re-established friendships w/ #Israel, #Egypt #Jordan, Major players + allies in The M.E. against ISIS.
Erased The Embarrassing @REDLINE #Obama Threatened Syria with + Finally ACTUALLY DID SOMETHING ABOUT!
Hey Chuck he's accomplished more than you have the last hundred days. All you've done is cry and complain.
Good Idea...Lifetime Conservative SCOTUS appt. YEA! Enough 4 ME!!!
You gave Obama 8 years & more debt applied than previous 23 POTUS combined & you want it all fixed in 100 days?  If Dems worked with/against
Dems are delusional,we are wasting are time trying to fix their mental illness,and lack of common sense.
Be sure that the next,100 IS & REMAIN AN UP HILL CLIMB! IF THERE IS NO GUARANTEE THAT THE CORE POLICIES OF DEM'S GO UNTOUCHED?NO2 EVERYTHING
He's done more than ur party ever thought of. Ur incompetent at ur job. It's going to go nuclear again this summer fool. We're so proud.
Well the what he has done won't take long, unless of course you ask him
Explain why dems voted down bernies bill on importing cheaper meds from Canada. Is it because trump thought it was a good idea. #resignchuck
He's working on a fence for Mex.,selling up out to Russia,trying to start a oil war for Rex an him to pilfer.
Thanks mostly to you and your hateful, disgraceful Dem's! 2018 is coming and your bunch will pay at the polls!
30 seconds on accomplishments, infinite days discussing failure to launch.
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @DNC @us_majority @MMFlint @Hooligans_R_Us he's accomplished so much! More division,racism,hate,anger, set our country
back years on Climate Change Policy, exploited the White House for personal gain,bombed countries to take focus off his incompetency! Such a
busy man indeed! But guess what "Golden Showers Donny" ur time is almost up! Hopefully God willing ur corrupt ass will b in jail!
hahaha you are pathetic. 20 trillion in debt can balance a budget can't get ACA right. The government is the example of how not.
If he would tell the truth he would have to cry again, and see how bad Dem are and have to stomp there feet as not getting there way
Be sure you note the reasons so much as not been accomplished, primarily Democratic obstruction of everything.  Finish his Cabinet NOW!
Flynn gone, Epshteyn gone, Bannon sidelined, Crowley gone, Nunes recused, charges on Assange, Chaffetz out
Get with him on some issues & stop fighting every step he takes... if not, you may not make 4 years of this at your age...
Hey @SenSchumer , please list all you have done and failed to do since you've been a senator. Bet you don't have the nuts to respond.
That's easy - 0 accomplishments! Not one piece of legislation passed! He & GOP have proved one thing -Can't Govern!
YOU & LIBERAL LEFT ARE PATHETIC HYPOCRITES!!!!!!!!
be careful, obstructionist should not speak right now,401ks are booming,jobs are everywhere now,so much winning
Let's look at what you have accomplished in your time in Congress, probably nothing & your aren't much of a leader
What have YOU done. Ever?
What have you accomplished?
What about funding the fence after all you did vote yes on the Secure Fence Act of 2006 (Pub.L. 109–367)
How many days did u work over the last 100?  Get busy congress. Lazy elites
What have you and the #democraticparty accomplished in the last 100 days. Nothing!      #Maga
for real what's sad is the Rs r no better (prolly worse)
I'm not impressed with the Republicans right now but at least they're not Socialists like the Democrats. #Democrats have no message!
for real n now their bout to cut off the hands that feed em by goin after Bernie
Your guy didn't close Gitmo, no health insurance for everyone, redline in Syria and kept moving it. Regulations that Trump had to over turn
where's "your" 100 day as POTUS list? Oh that's right..... You don't live in the WH thank God
Neither does 45, most of the time. I'm not complaining except he could stop profiting from charging the govt for Mar a Lago.
Who's fault is that? Urs! We out here see & hear & remember. Just don't run 4 anything Ur Dems will B voted out! Hypocrites!
Mr. Clown! The accomplishments outweigh the not accomplished! Just think OUR Pres. has another 3.9 years to go + ! U Democraps should worry!
Lets put even more attention on our party and what needs to be done to include middle, working class and the poor.
Done more then the illegal democrats! You stole more rights from the American people and gave them to the illegals! You must be proud!
Look at John Kennedy's remarks on the first 100 days. That is if you dare and then report back.
WELL CHUCKY Trump done more in 100days than nobama did in 8 yrs and has reduced national debt 100 billions dollars.
What exactly have YOU accomplished? Not just in the past 100 days, but what have you EVER done for our country or for your constituents?
A lot actually.
and please explain what you have accomplished in the last 100 days???? besides bad mouthing @POTUS  and everyone associated with him!
No Potus in history has ever had to clean up such a mess in their first 100 days, and it's going to take much longer than 100 days!
How long have U, @NancyPelosi, @DickDurbin and countless others been in office. Let's see what you have or haven't accomplished.
Lets look at what congress has and has not accomplished #trump100days it's a much shorter list on the has part and a lot longer on hasn't!!
If you Chucky and you cronies would work with republicans we could get so much more done your administration just don't get it. Go trump USA
Accomplished quite a bit without help from Dems. All you can do is complain and obstruct. Despicable behavior!
As we look back on the 8 years and 100 days of the democratic party we can find NOTHING they have done for the american people.
get out of the way and let the man #Trump do his job. He won y'all lost. Term limits please...
Who cares. You have been in office for how many years and haven't accomplished anything. Time for TERM LIMITS!!!!
And thank you for your work to limit what Trump has done. Know you tried on Gorsch.
