Didn't see you condemn BLM when they marched, rioted, burned and looted over last few years. You are a hypocrite.
how many white men are killed by police yearly
More than black men according to FBI statistics
thanks for FAKE stats
It is actually higher. Which is of NO statistical significance because population is heavily skewed white. About 4x more male deaths per %
Percentage of population doesn't come into play when your counting bodies.
...Yes...it absolutely does.The argument that more whites are killed =  when you co sister how much more of the population they make up.
In my original reply I should have said *black* males are killed by the police at a rate 4X higher than their representation in the pop.
And then resign.... but he'll do neither. History will remember Donald J. Trump as a nasty skidmark on the underpants of history.

Yeah that thriving economy is a real shitstain, isn't it?
Thriving economy thanks to @POTUS and his policies.
In 6 months he fixed an economy even though he's required by law to fulfill the previous budget and passed no major legislation?
No major legislation??? Passed law regarding vets and their care and now they can see Dr's outside if the VA if the wait is too long
That was already the law; he passed a modification
Agreed, and I am shocked this happened after 8 years of unprecedented racial healing under @BarackObama
Whoever wrote it, you mean eight years of unprecedented racially motivated attacks on President Obama's character, intentions, and family.
Obama overthrowing of the libyan government is illegal under international law
The attempted overthrowing of the Syrian government by the Obama administration is illegal under international law. But Obama is so perfect.
Also interfered with the Israeli election to try to undermine Netanyahu.
throw all the mud u want he's the ONLY President for 8 years who DIDN'T have a scandal. Like him or not, that's Presidential!
Hilarious. Fast and Furious. James Cromwell. Eric Holder contempt of Congress. Unmasking. Financing Iran nukes...
I love when people say Obama was scandal free. Like OJ living a "conflict-free" life.
U can Blame Ur B/O 4 this Race Realtions. Remember Fergsson? Black live matter ,chanting Dead cops?B/O,L.Lynch & holder set us back 60yrs.
These are you and obamas BLM jokers. I know myself, I'm sick of all the busting and burning by BLM.!!! This was bound to happen.
Do u even know what our flag stands for Chuck? Certainly don't act like it, the flag stands for the people Chuck
I agree Senator but the question is will he
@SenSchumer Stop whining & actually get something done in Washington. #loserpolitician. #hypocrite
You're ignorant,  Doc.
For the likes of you? Its all I need.
Trumps vile voter base, this crap would not happen on any Presidents watch for the last 150 years, all while the grifter plays golf !
See your calling us names don't know us our family military we have worked along side all races to keep your rear end safe we condemn Hate
@realDonaldTrump response should be enough for #25thAmendment He will spew Islamic radical but not utter white supremacist & offend his base
But the confederate flag stood for Democrats!
If he doesn't say what you want is The President racist?
For two years this. Nation has been under siege by #Antifa and #BLM paid by #Soros the largest Dem supporter and not a word! #Hypocrite
Look we need to replace this person out of the White House. He is not a leader or a president,#ImpeachOrResign  Mr.Trump please
Mr.Schumer can you please start the procedure to remove this disgrace from our lives. He is going to kills us all.#ImpeachTrump
The U.S. dictator can't speak out against the fascists in WH, so why would condemn those in Cville? Bannon, Miller & Gorka must go.
But yet, crickets....
This is HIS FAULT. He should apologize to the American people for creating this climate of hate.
Where have u been for past 8 yrs?!? American discourse was rampant during Obama! BLM created during Obama!!
I can't recall a single protest death in the past eight years.
Well I do remember a sniper killing policemen during BLM protests
Trump doesn't like telling his base what to do. They'll quit going to his stupid rallies if he tells them what to do. He'll keep quite here
I'm sure Trump wishes he was there rallying the haters.
Sad but I doubt he will.
Good job Mr. Trump calling out extremists on both the left and the right. America is sick of the violence. Maybe the rest of DC can.
Continuous blame and pointing of fingers for political gain is only causing more hate! Stop!
They are formed from your party Mr. Schumer. I don't hear your condemnation! What's up with that?
Yes and remember the riots in Baltimore, the businesses broken into and destroyed?
Chucky Schemer, March is to protest political scum & their globalist owners sanctioned continual invasion of US of 3rd world lowlifes!
Ha! Good one Chuck Schumet
schumer
The congressional GOP better do something about this
he is not its right up his alley.  @BarackObama  would have been all over this by now. HMMMMMMM
Unfortunately he pulled his weenie on this one
@realDonaldTrump emboldened this, he and @USAGSessions helped take the white hoods off their comrades,  #Charlottesville
Waiting for his twitter rage against the anti fascists instead
PURE HATE TRUMP WANTS TO UNIFY AMERICA HELP US HAVE A GOOD LIFE ,GET AHEAD DEMS ARE AFRAID HE WILL LOOK GOOD TO AMERICANS SO U WONT HELP US
Maybe if everyone stopped calling him president, we can stop giving him any form of legitimacy. IDK, but something needs to happen.
I think he should travel to Dallas, take a parade route in an open top limo.
Or maybe a revival of Our American Cousin can be put on at Mar-a-Largo...
I'd gladly help pay for this!
Chuck he can't condem this. It's his base.
Trump has GOT to go, and sooner than 2020!
Actually the rally was with good intentions! The BLM and antifa groups made it a battle!! Freedom of speech!!!
Where were the looney liberals in office to condemn the riots of BLM bs? Hypocrite! The reason not peaceful today=BLM & Antifa showed up.
Tell your do nothing Republicans across the isle to START IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS IMMEDIATELY! Talk is cheap Senator, DO SOMETHING!
no deals with the devil, Chuck
we have a rogue nation in charge of the white house
Because the trump vote was never about jobs
That's true ppl must realize that

Chuck is a boob
Don't hold your breath.
You are Antifa tho
They are his base.  Without his racist neo nazi's , he has nothing.....oh besides his fake Christians...
This Clown is a BOT and likes his own post , lol !
@SenateGOP @SenateDems please!  #ENOUGH #DOSOMETHING
See my latest tweets condemning the worst version of the GOP in American history!
He did morons but you keep stirring the pot of division & hate in our country too. He said ALL HTe Groups not welcome here we need to unite
What do you care about our flag, your goons are burning, stepping on, whipping their rears, etc with our flags?!
Maybe you should run for Pres.?  Maybe you hear things differently than we do. Dems divide and conquer is not going to work We are strong
That'll show em chuck
I won't be a part of people trashing those willing to stand up and actually condemn those screaming White Power and Heil Trump.
Ok
Trump won't condemn mosque bombings. Won't condemn neo-Nazi rallies. Why? Because neo-Nazis and racists are both his base and in his WH.
He did condemn it.. keep up
He didn't condemn them, just made a vague statement about unity. He's too scared to go against his base for the good of the country. Bye.
That is what our flag stands for. Freedom to say what you wish without constriction. Even for the stupid white supremacists.
What other proof do we need that he is u we'll get rid of him
Wait...the flag that Democrats and their socialist, fascist, communist, Islamist, illegal alien base are always burning and crapping on?
Yes this military family has been to several wars to keep their freedoms safe and worked alongside all races in uniform but they forget that
That time your people cheered the shooting of a congressman: https://www.aol.com/amp/2017/06/14/left-wing-twitter-baseball-gop-shooting-alexandria-scalise-bernie-sanders-kamala-harris/ …
Go Trump  got 2020 watch
A permitted rally for our history and brave veterans, and their statues is nothing but American. Crying chuck must stand up for.
Your constituents want you to condemn ANTIFA. Or we'll squeal about the kick backs.
Have you condemned it publicly?
Senator Schumer, surely you realize these are #Trump's people and he condones this behavior 100%, thanks to #SteveBannon & #StephenMiller.
President Trump did rebuke this violence. Obama never did tho when BLM and Ferguson rioters were having at it. Not a peep from Obama.
Yes, he finally did, but very, very late in the game. This has nothing to do with Obama, his presidency, or her emails. Go back to #FoxNews.
You can always spot the #TrumpSupporters - they're the 1st ones to start insulting people and name-calling in an attempt to bully & silence
I hope his "none-base" people who voted for him are happy.  They made this kind of behavior possible.
Sorry attempt to pin this violence on Trump support, if your support weren't' the fascist they are this violence would not happen (1)
Protestors are paid by Left leaning groups who couldn't divide the nation with #BlackLivesMatter or whining #snowflakes
Protesters are paid unless it's these protesters., right?
When you protest your cause, you have the right to do it. To prevent anyone from protesting you dont have the right, or left.
Thank you for speaking out, sir.  This is horrifying.
No THIS is horrifying
Donald J. #Trump will either say NOTHING or something stupid, because those #Racist are part of his base, the people that voted for him.
They ARE his base!
Yes, BUT WE must NEVER forget that there were #Democrats, People that are #LGBTQ, and Minorities that voted for Donald J. #Trump in 2016.
Yes, there were.  And they carry some blame as well,
He's great with lip service; we need a real president
He won't, he doesn't to offend his base
He's already condemned it u headline grabber
Yeah, but he isn't going to.
We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
You are such a hypocrit it's unreal .
He won't. They are part of his base
We never see u condemn anything the dems protest. Break windows, burn cars, throw stuff.
Shaddap Cuck Schumer. Dems are responsible for the identity politics. How much did Soros you to say that, or did he write it for you? #Trump
please grow up and  stop the hate against Trump every chance you get. tiring.
real world, it comes from decades of HATE from your side. And it has been clearly demonstrated throughout his Presidency. And why you see...
It wasn't violent until paid BLM/Antifa members bussed in. Condemn it all or none. Stop dividing us
Why didn't you say that to obama when they were rioting and burning businesses after the election that President Trump won?
this hatred is spreading where in the HELL is the POTUS....
@POTUS  Do not condemn, he's in vacations, jejejej
They are domestic terrorist why is trump silent
#LyingChuckSchumer should step up and condemn all violence! Including the paid protesters #LyingChuck and Soros send in!
So why didn't you condemn the constant violent attacks against AMERICAN Trump supporters & millions of $ of property damage by your party?
Gorka and Bannon must go
I don't foresee that happening anytime soon. These bigots are his base! 
You forgot to say "the American flag". Dems "impeach" & "resist" rhetoric has helped create this divide. Look how you have attacked @POTUS
mayor blames POTUS for this riot.  Dems are responsible along with Soros Money and you helped plan this.  Your as guilty as hell !!!
He has condemned them but what about your support for BLM ?  Where is your condemnation?
you're going to be waiting a long time for that statement. #ImpeachTrumpNow
So fake!!
Are you holding your breath ?
Would you be referring to ANTIFA senator?
a true LEADER would have done so already. Timing is too late.
You have spewed hatred and negativity towards the right everyday since the election. Never 1 positive out of your lyin mouth. UR2 balame
Too bad @realDonaldTrump can't walk & chew gum at same time. His silence is deafening. Quit hiding; start leading! NOW @NicolleDWallace
With all due respect,I blame you all liberals for promoting hate you started this division every since @POTUS won the elections @omarbula
POTUS condemning violence is not nearly the same as condemning white supremacists
Of course not!
Yeah all the participants in the VA riot KKK, White Supremacists, ANTIFA, Code Pink & BLM were given birth by the Democratic Party.
So doesn't congress by condemning trump. #25thAmendmentNow
Why? They're well within legal rights to march/rally. People feel the need to attack them because of their views. Walk by & laugh at them!
Couldn't help but make it political before the bodies were even off the street huh Chuckie?
It may be the start of a civil war that Democrats have been pushing for a long time.   Anti-White discrimination through Leftist propaganda.
There were no problems until antifa showed up, police allowed antifa violent behavior because VA gov's son is charter member
Should. But won't.
So are you going to condemn the ANTIFA protesters there too Chuck? You know, the ones who vote Democrat?
He already has! What about you, Cryin Chuck?
Congress stink and you are a ring leader of the stench.
8 months in office and we're on the brink of nuclear war&Nazi's are rioting in our streets. Trump should be arrested for inciting violence.
chuck, if U can't condemn the on-going violence on the left we hear about alm every day, u r NOT HONEST. But that doesn't matter 2 libs
Don't hold your breath. He foments hatred and racism
He should. But he won't. He admires these people. Look at how he treats our Vetereans! He does no Honor to America. None.
Why did CNN not play Trump' s speech condemning the white supremacy hate group. Powerful speech of unity and love,its a shame CNN is biased
Bc there wasn't bot
Obviously you didnt listen to his speech, maybe you should try other channels lmao #hypocrisy
Which flag ?  It's obviously not against the Confederate or Nazi flag. Sad day for our country. Waiting for statement from POTUS. In vain.
http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/james-t-hodgkinson-illinois-man-identified-suspected-gunman-virginia-shooting-n772271 … let's call out leftist hate. Did you?
Free speech? Sooooo are you publicly comming out saying your against free speech. You know that is in the constitution...
Until you condemn ALL violence, including antifa, you spew nothing but garbage.
Right after he condemns YOU for all your unproductiivity.
He incited this.  Remember his saying maga is also about the riots.  No denunciation of duke. Bannon and miller in WH.  Impeach.
. @POTUS David Dukes reply "we are fulfilling the promises of Trump"
That rally was a legal event. #BLM #ANTIFA were only there to start trouble. Freedom of speech is for all Americans Mr. Schumer.
HE HAS!!!!!
You need to be condemned... you're trying to incite a confrontation Chucky.
Condemn violence the left is using today... you won't because you agree with it.
When will you DENOUNCE ANTIFA.  What a hypocrite!!!
Chuck, but you support #BLM ??? Do you comprehend that the two are no different?  Do you have genuine intellectual capacity or integrity?
Put the water hose and dogs on them!!
That's your statement? You should demand DT denounce the alt-right groups & fire Gorka, Bannon, and Miller they are all alt-right advisors.
Step 1: stop stoking it w/ambiguous words
Step 2: fire members of his staff who stimulate nazism
Step 3: denounce it
Why do I feel like we are back to 60's nukes and race riots. David Dukes Tweets T tells him we elected. Didn't know that what RP stood for
You're right! @CivilRights needs to investigate, including #Antifa/#BLM and their affiliates' roles. Especially who funded participants! 
So Chuck, where was your outrage during the inauguration when the Antifa tore up DC?  Selective outrage apparently!
and what will you do to stop this? words are good, actions matter. you have power that we lack.
Please retire from Congress & leave public life you no longer serve a purpose in serving the American people.

Ur quick to condemn POTUS. You assume a lot. "Resistance, Persistence" & Violence is terrible no matter which side. Learning anything?
Dems teach and push violence, pledge  allegiance to the flag in K-12 instead of graduating idiot marchers
Why don't you condemn antifa I don't hear you doing that Soros terrorist group that you people back leave our president out of this
#Antifa = left violence rioting looting
condemn the following hate groups -White Supremacists -ANTIFA -BLM -Nazi -KKK -Resistance
If you could take your head out of your rear Long enough you would of heard him do just that!
This country is bout to blow its top over all this crap going on. People are sick of trash like Trump and his thugs white national nazis!
Senator Schumer, why would he condemn this far right nazi outcrop when this is the America he created?
Democrats, BLM and White Nationalist are no different all live in Identity politics.
democrats are nothing by hypocrites race baiters, liars.. and pretenders.... ..just like the GOP establishment.. they're actors ..not real
He won't. They are his supporters.
Congress must condemn DT for what he is.  An amoral, self serving demagogue.  DT is true to 1 and only 1 thing.  DT best interest.
We read enough of Hillary's emails to know what the democratic thinks about Americans in General, especially minorities.
https://twitter.com/MSignorile/status/896451919664861192 …

#ImpeachTrumpNow
NYC folks, let’s express our speech, show our outrage: There’s a march to Trump Tower tomorrow, 8/13, 5:00 p.m. Gathering at 59 & 5th.
Marches and rallies are against the 1st amendment?  

I must have skipped that day in History 101...
#Charlottesville
We got the equivalent of "aww c'mon kids--everybody play nice."  We get outrage over poll numbers, imaginary bugs, and unflattering pics.
More gas lighting, see @jimmy_dore @justicedems to find out more about @SenSchumer 'a record #charlotesville #WhiteSupremacists
Never mind sending out tweets get on tv to condemn this! Set the example,,,not follow the president! He doesn't care about the American.....
Obamas baby!!
Please stop placing u & your party first we are paying your bills it seems that demo are causing all this chaos & hate
SO PUTINS PUPPET.SAYS 
"BOTH SIDES"  MUST BE THE RUSSIAN
WAY OF SAYING 'NOT THE WHITE HATE
GROUPS FAULT'...
@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats
THANKS. BUT Please make sure that NAZI @JackKingston knows you spoke up.  He said you DIDN'T.
With all due respect: POTUS Trump has done that. Don't understand why you won't say so unless.. you're afraid to admit the truth??
You Chuck and the Democratic Party are at fault for constantly attacking the president, you have told people to resist, you are the problem
you're kidding yourself Senator if you think he would.  These are his supporters and he cannot risk losing them
@mehalamaye HOW can he condemn-NAZIS IN THE WHITEHOUSE! DO SOMETHING!!!
