Arithmetic wrong. Just a liar who is dishonest. All retiring not uninsured. Some will get better financially. STOP LIES.
Amazing how many Trump trolls jump on here. I don't care if any of you Trumpers lose health care. I'm concerned for the innocent victims.
I'm a constituent, Senator Schumer. Why don't the democrats create their own plan and send it to the CBO for scoring?
It's not about fixing anything, it's about dividing Americans
PLEASE EDUCATE yourself about what obama did to us in the millions out here before you spew garbage like THAT! sickening! We have suffered
Soon it will be 100% under your barrycare chucky.
please resign now
That's your problem you only look at New York not the rest of the country!
Thought All the Old people in NY WENT TO FLA?!!!
you crazy ole timer  time to retire
So whats your solution Chuck?  Oh thats right, you dont have one.....
Great! Love it!
They should have planned better, why do I have to pay for them
Both of you need to see New Yorker article describing McConnell's next steps; and GOP legislative plan:
I got tolaugh, they will be higher if the repub repeal it, or do nothig and let it fail Chucky you are playing politic's with peoples lives
Chuck U how many of them are able bodied of working age? Tell them to go get a job and pay for their own healthcare.
Your evil ACA stole from the middle class all we had. and ruined us. and left us with NO HEALTHCARE! AT ALL! so its got to go.
once they get thru with the selling across state lines etc. that they cannot do because of you guys in reconciliation it will be AWESOME!
But he's a Dem. and they lie!
What makes GOP men and women think that this is for 'the people' o.k.? Ohhhh.. they are talking about rich 'we the people' not regular folk.
Why are so many people on medicaid in the first place. Thought Obama brought the eonomy back. Could it be they prefer govt. handouts over wk
@SenateDems total fabrication...
How many are opting out because they don't want to pay.

How much did u care when u refused to work with POTUS???? Soros shill!! MAGA TRUMP MAGA 
i got the solution to affordable insurance. Get a job!
ACA expensive w/o. Pay rent. Insurance and just don't eat. #Schumer running for #POTUS but needs jobs for NYers.
LIAR DECEIVER OBSTRUCTIONIST
you means illegals
Probably a bunch of millenials that refuse to work.
Chucky, prior to 2009, how was health care?  Did the elderly die in their teens?  U idiots believe they did.  U r funny. MAGA!
Bullshit stop lying and trying to scare ppl
You are so full of it
Out of that 99%, how many choose not to purchase the available insurance product because they r not compelled to do so?
KNOCK IT OFF! GO TO THE TABLE & HELP THIS BILL
Well you had that opportunity in 2014,2015,2016. What were you doing then? You now politicize this for your party not the people.
But now your party lost the house & senate you all of a sudden care & want to take a stand to not repeal but fix.
YOu criticize this & say you want to fix healthcare. Well Healthcare has been failing, it did not just start failing on Jan. 20th 2017
Fake news lies.
That is their right to freedom of choice. You maybe shokedvand ppl stay, or parents can carry child for less til 26.
As the burden shifts to the state you may have to actually do and manage something !!!
How many are people who bought in because they were threatened?
How many are able bodied adults using Medicaid who should instead be working a jobbyjob.. or 2.. to pay their own bills?
Schumer is lying again.
Let's model healthcare after Venezuela..  everything is free.
How many by choice?
Youre a liar, quit lying to these people. Going after the vulnerable,  typical Democratic swamp rats,  go after the elderly and lie.
Fuzzy Math Chuck.
Such a travesty that Obama care is going bankrupt leaving everyone without coverage.
How many of them are illegal?
What's the Governor doing about that? Isn't that Medicare. Obamacare is still in effect.







PA Welfare Fraud Crackdown: 344 Charged, $1.78M In Stolen Benefits In 2017, Officials Say https://patch.com/pennsylvania/newtown-pa/pa-welfare-fraud-crackdown-344-charged-1-78m-stolen-benefits-2017-officials …
Schmuckie, could you please tell the truth just ONCE? If we are at 7.9% uninsured, then your ObamaCare promises were a LIE!
BS - Chuckie - there is no bill!
Fake tweet; tell the truth!
Push the lie
Got much higher it would be half as bad as obamacare. 
You guys passed a horrible HC , took it from people who paid their own way and gave it to others for free or almost free..and it's junk
#Trumpcare wants to through millions off of their insurance plans just to fund a massive tax cut to the rich. This is total elitism!
Political BS! Chuck u didn't give a damn about seniors that lost healthcare in '09 when ur team illegally seized Delphi retirees' + pensions
Stop lying an scarring people
Not understanding what you are saying. Non elderly do not want mandatory medical insurance. So congrats? Ohhh you are congratulating them!!!
Don't let this happen!
New York can pay for it with money you use to for free collage
All Americans should have a choice on weather to buy health ins. or not!
@AGSchneiderman Just stop Chuck #rhetoric #liar #hypocrite You told us Obamacare was going to be wonderful & see how that worked
50+ seems forgotten in this dirty & cruel HC Bill by GOP. They could see rates rise over 800%! MILLIONS of AARP won't forget at the polls!
Why don't the dems hold a press conference that they want to work with republicans. Get your message out!!
Because they don't want to work with anybody
Chuck Schumer-They're 20 million New Yorkers.That means 7.9% of 20 million is 1,580,000 uninsured under Obamacare! Do you just let them die?
You could really care less.  Your obstinacy as well as other Dumocrats deserve to lose ALL of your seats so we can get a working Congress
Did you factor in all the over 80 y/o people GOP will be throwing off a cliff? There will have to be more than one.
Good Medicare helps but you stole from it so put it back teach people to only go to drs when needed so we can cover the really sick
If you continue to obstruct a 100% will not have anything.
you are such a mench and i agree with you
Don't use percentages like that. The Trump administration gets confused.
It's uncaring GOPCare. If they want to name ACA cutely, we can do the same. Trumpcare if you want, but GOPcare is more correct.
this is maybe a little misleading, as ones that are going up super hi are ones that have it super low rt now & all will be super hi after
Then go sit down and get something done dor the american ppl instead tweetin
You mean we wouldn't have this shit forced on us single payer ask Canada how that's going.
Also if you were a law abiding Senator, you would disallow Sanctuary Cities & stand up 4 the Americans that are suffering because of them.
In the state of Louisiana my 87 year old mother stays the same
45% of all US births are paid by Medicaid. We have 4th highest poverty level of 35 OECD countries. Resolve poverty and will resolve Medicaid
How do u no that.more fake BS to scare America
More of ur bullshit
$6000+ premiums is not insurance.
Insurance isn't care. There is no such thing as #TrumpCare. ObamaCare stripped millions of coverage. You fail.
. I HAVE PD FOR MY HEALTHCARE MY WHOLE LIFE! Gov being involved in my hlthcare is MESSED UP! Gov can't run ANYTHING sufficiently!
So get Bloomberg & the rest of ur cronies to chip in with all their $ billions Instead of using their $billions to distroy America
. It's funny how not to many yrs in past elderly weren't being thrown off cliff, ppl weren't laying in streets dying! WTH!
Donny taking care of the rust belt.
ISN'T THAT THE SAME AMOUNT OF INCREASE AS OBAMA CARE FOR NON-ELDER ADULTS IN NEW YORK? ALMOST ALL INSURANCE COMPANYS OPT OUT OF OBAMA CARE
. WHEN will American ppl hear out of your mouth, We are working with @GOP to see how WE CAN HELP AMERICAN PEOPLE! @DNC
Uninsured or no long forced to pay and want to be free of big government rule? Stop forcing us, as you can see we are pushing back!
What's so HARD to understand that Single Payer will bankrupt the US & provide grotesque care like the VA where people DO DIE.
What about the vast majority who r suffering Democratic Party a disgrace
Why are 7.9% still uninsured thru the ACA after all these years. That's 1.5 MILLION PEOPLE!
Just because u have Insurarance doesn't mean u have care. Bronze plans are repackaged catastrophic care plans at 10 times the old cost.
As an independent,I blame both parties for nominating 2  crooks for the presidency, that being said the Crook in the WH needs to be removed
That falls under the catergory of Your Fault!
Under Schumer, my HI costs here in NYS have more than doubled! Give me a free market and tort reform - let ME decide how to spend my money!!
You will have all the freedom you will need to help ALL the people of New York, and you know it!!!!!
You passed this bill before you read the bill that's not bad it was very bad
7.9 not covered,,,what the 'ell have u been doing cuck?,,,how could this be,,the 7.9 gonna die and it will be on ur hands
Who cares what the CBO score is?Obamacare sure went way over
Time to retire @SenSchumer, your so out of touch with reality. The next #Investigation will be into you. DRAINTHESWAMP
Well I have Obama care and I can't even use it even though I have to pay for it prices are too high for deductible
Both plans are so layered with regulations and bureaucracy that prices will never go down. It's a Ponzi scheme to steal from Americans.
Oh me schumer-where were u with the alarm on BO scheme called health care-u r a phony
Liar!!
U r a liar  show the phony math so  ur lies will be seen. Just more deception
Well duh, if healthy young ppl are not forced to by ins why would they? Pls use real #'s @SenSchumer. #RealFacts
Obama lied. Today on TV Dem Lie about people calling 2 keep Obamacare. Get out of our life. U Dem opted out of Obamacare, Y if its so good?
U should be opt out of being a Senator. U don't work, U sit on steps obstruct instead of help fix. Now another vacation, Y do we pay U Dem?
Poor planning.

Let's make very one who planed for it pay for it.
You know what they have ? Tax funded health care , can I say single payer? But GOP don't want us to have it.
Don't forget that republicans had involvement in ACA. Democrats wanted public option  from the beginning.
Lie. Just like your speak that the plan will cut funding. There is a 2% increase in the bill. Liar
@SenatorBurr @SenThomTillis and this bill is "GOOD" for NORTH CAROLINA - Y'all are drinking some outdated Cheerwine.
The average income in the us is 52000 a year. Bringing home 35000. Insurance rates tripled under the ACA. Repeal and don't replace the ACA.
Well how about u and the rest of the senators deal with instead of taking your july month off. Typical. #partoftheproblem
Ok
I would like to know why no one has bothered to send out a brief survey to everyone on the ACA to ask if they like their insurance?
Good point. Wife's brother premiums for 2 is $9.6K annually. Deductible $7.0K each. Makes $36K. Affordable it is not. He has no money left.
And 98% will still have their cell phones, cars, designer shoes....they choose not to be covered. Your answer is govt. Give Liberty a chance
Because they CHOOSE not to pay for insurance once the massive penalties are repealed. Why don't you let people make their own decisions?
AND>Whats your solution?  You sat on your hands for past 2-3 years as it became not affordable for mid income citizens
They don't care about the people paying for the non working people
We NEVER should have this socialistic ACA.  Even employed we are getting screwed with company insurance. Not just uninsured affected now. 
WOW that's like almost 100% chuck. Impressive. #douchbag #MAGA
Keep scaring people Chuckie Cheese ! Cause no one believes u
you dont know what your talking about. Trump just stated he is not satisfied with the bill. They aren't even done yet fakenews
Under Obamacare nobody will be insured soon.
Putz
Alright Chuck,how many ways till Sunday are you going to repeat yourself? Using different sentences,same story!!
forget mention how many able bodied young people getting help which is why the old people won't. Truth to all is better than fear mongering
What's your solution Schmuck? All talk no action from the Dems as usual.
Why don't all of u figure out a way to give us the same health insurance u get???
large reason why they would be a large number of uninsured is because there's no longer a mandate penalty if you don't get insurance
Just stop. This rhetoric is getting ridiculous and inciting violence.
zquit lieing chuck
Yeah, because they will no longer be forced to have OBAMACARE!
That would be THEIR choice. It will be available!
Now @SenateDems & @HouseDemocrats cn fix #ACA thoughtfully. Propose it and make GOP face it. No trump tax cut.
They had years to fix it and obviously couldn't. Socialist programs cannot be sustained while 47% of the country (Dem voters) pay no tax.
Are you saying that Trump is a Democrat? He doesn't pay taxes.
He's paid millions in taxes! A much higher rate than your beloved Bernie, who is a millionaire too btw. Difference is Trump earned his.
How do you know ? Did you see his tax returns? And why you assume I am a Bernie fan?
Your pal Rachel Maddow exposed it remember? Figured a 50/50 chance Hillary or Bernie.
I think you need a hug . So triggered.
You acknowledge that the Unaffordable No Care Act is seriously flawed. Where's the legislation from Democrats? You don't need permission to
introduce your own #HealthcareBill but you all would rather just whine & cry & obstruct, huh?
Well if Chuck Schumer is saying it has to be a lie
That would be "Their CHOICE" Chuck. No one is being thrown off anything. We will have CHOICE back again. Something you people made illegal.
Can I assume that these calculations were done by the same people that projected a decrease in premiums under the ACA?
Trump Care--Tax Breaks--for the Rich!
#trumpcare has mid class pay @POTUS deutsche bank debt. @SteveKBannon destroying more of America. Decimating care industry. No way can it go
