Very wealthy are doing pretty well. God bless 'em. But they dont need a tax break while working class Americans need help staying afloat.
Cutting corporate tax rate to 15% is debt suicide. Nobody is asking for it except Trump's cronies
Bull shit
Schumer if U dont give TAX BREAKS TO 
All why would they bring there $$ back to USA & pay higher WAGES,
U really have NO CLUE ON BUSINESS
Block the formation of S corps
Nothing seems to pass mister with the Democrats.
The broke uneducated deplorables will probably be in favor of it. 
#RaisetheWage #BurrMustRecuse #amjoy#trump #TeamTreason #theresistance
Yummy.
Crybaby chuck what difference does it make, you're going to go against it no matter what it says. You're a hypocrite and no good for #NY!
@SenSchumer Thank you for working hard for NY. Continue to fight Trump. We're counting on you.
The only thing crybaby Chuck does is complain, he never has a real solution to fix any problems he only creates problems
Schumer has sponsored over 60 bills to improve health, public transportation, public works, crime, law enforcement, rights for ppl w/
disabilities, foreign trade, and many others. You can easily access his entire record in Congress. Try telling me again that all he does

Since you felt the need to chime in, why don't you just post the source of that supposed info?
Just make sure you keep the middle class working people's tax breaks!! You are such a loser Cucky
What will pass muster with you left wing cry babies.
It's about time you go in with an open mind!
@SenSchumer let's see his tax returns b4 he tries to "reform" anything!
Oh what was ur 10 trillion free for some ! Where's mine butt hole ? Sorry can't b bought like ur anarchists
Please do not take any action on taxes until Trump releases his tax return. Unify on this Democrats!!!! Don't abandon us to this!!!!
Yes, heaven forbid Americans should actually keep their hard-earned $$ to support causes we actually care about. Dems want to spend for us.
Hon. Chuck Schumer Absolutely no Tax Reform until trump releases his Tax Returns. We insist that 45 cease and desist from his thuggery.
This was all designed to benefit the very wealthy, all very Machiavellian and orchestrated by someone who is pulling the puppet strings
Stop talking about the wealthy and protecting the poor. Hypocrite.
Since the very wealthy pay something like 65% of federal taxes who should get a break?  Dems keep pushing same old tax and spend crap.  Sad.
You must fight this,  listen to your people, we won't  stand for this fiasco of a tax plan. The rich are not the only people in the US!!
DON'T COOPERATE WITH A TRAITOR-AN ILLEGITIMATE "President"! #Trumprussia #IndependentInvestigation #Indivisible
As Hilary gave speeches to banks and Goldmann-Sachs during campaign as she outwardly some against them?
It's really nice we have a president that cares about the little guy
When the little guy has money there's no need for bureaucrats or the Democratic Party that's why you strive tokeep us broke you suck
Anything the president does won't muster with Democrats specially you Schumer
You are making people not want to succeed and be rich . Always cutting down the rich . Used to be people wanted to be wealthy and work hard
@POTUS needs history lesson. Get @SenWarren to tell story about Roosevelt's policies -strengthen economy & stabilize boom/bust cycle.
No elimination of the deduction for state and local taxes!
According to the #lunaticleft Dems, any tax cut is a giveaway to the rich. News flash, the rich pay all the taxes.
It's a damn good plan Chucky do something right for once in your life
and it will and hopefully, you'll keep your word.
Does it matter what democrats think? Our 2 party system is defunct. We have a dictatorship. I predict peaceful protest will turn violent.
This isn't a dictatorship. It's not a democracy, but it's a far cry from a dictatorship.
when are the Democrats going to really fight back? Trump needs to be taken down.. we can't afford another 100 days
Dems shouldn't even discuss taxes until Trump releases his taxes.I'd love to see a unified front declare this ASAP #NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReforms
We hired you to work for us, not the party. We're tired of you both fighting for control, forgetting the majority. That's why I lost.
Does anything pass muster with you?  You do not care about American citizens. You only care about the illegals.
Redistribution of wealth. The Poor and Middle class are being robbed again.
Chuck Schumer the broken  record serving decades to fill his own pockets using the same old bull waste that leftists absorb.
Democrats not interested in jobs?
be honest no matter what he does Dems will never support it
Im freakin ya all are outnumbered. Oust this ass now Chuck-come on no more delay he's killing us !!!
Chuck pls keep up your current tact - whatever U do don't come up w your own solutions lol 
Assuming this means you will fight against this tax "reform" which is really just corporate welfare.
Chuck please crawl back into your hole
Blah blah blah
Why do you hate the rich?  How did You get wealthy? Why don't you like successful people? Why have you never had a private sector job?
Better not allow it to go through.
Thank you, Chuck, for fighting for us!
You mean the tax page w/more white(space)than Trump's administration?Post how much each blowhard will make dollar-wise.This is so offensive.
Which in turn will futher shrink your Democratic party. You ever got a job from a poor person Chuck?

Remember Obama & #Dems had 8 years to fulfill his promise of tax reform. The only reform was IRS attacks on Conservative groups #JustStopNow
What if it gives huge tax breaks to EVERYONE? Will that not pass either?
Oh cry baby chuck grow up.
It gives a cut to the middle and I want it!
Or if he will profit or his buddies will profit. But how will we know?
Just want to see what a fraud he really is, the criminal deals and Russian mob payments
If? If? C'mon man, you know that's exactly what it does.
He wrote this 11 hours ago. 

Democrats don't run shit anymore that's why we voted for change,we did it that way for 8 years,that's why we're in this position now Nazi!
Looks like the @POTUS tax plan will benefit everyone. We shouldn't see any congressman vote against it.
Why?  you all are the richest and wealthiest. Check it out...you hide behind the fictitious bs you spread. @gop @dnc @politico @Morning_Joe
no matter what is done you're like pelosi,nothing good to say,please retire from politics
nothing passes muster with you and any dem.if it has to do with President Trump. Grow up already!
What about seeing his tax forms ??
It better not. I am fed up with this lunatic already. No republican tax plan has ever helped the little guy. Not just no, hell no!!!!
.....those who pay more in, get more back......what's not fair about that?.....
Get your hands out of my pocket.
You mean a big tax cut to anyone.
CHUCK THE OBSTRUCTIONIST NEEDS TO GO SO NEW YORK WILL BE GREAT AGAIN HE DOES NOTHING FOR WORKING CLASS
All tax reform should be dead until we see Trump's taxes.  How do we know how much his reforms benefit him and his family without returns?
Who are you kidding. #Democrats won't support anything this President proposes. You have no ideas & care only for donors
The Potus knows more about taxes and finance than you Chuck. Please quit living off America.
I hope leaders stand up on this.  No detail is his mantra...means it will help him and the very wealthy.  Plus, this has failed in the past.
This guy wants high taxes to fund free college to pay for speeches pushing for socialism.
"Wack a Mole" Schumer will slam all Prez Trump proposals.  Dems didn't get the people's message yet? That’s Y Trump won & Killary lost!
Thank you for fighting for us. Looks like more money for the rich and less for the rest of us - that's Trump for ya!
You're the last person to want to cut spending.   That's the key; that is how you pay for the tax cuts
If the people of NY were informed they'd vote you out of office
Stop being political and put the overall welfare of the United States first, if you can
Cut the crap about the wealthy; a constant theme with you Democrats
All brackets need to be reduced. It will stimulate growth no investment no growth not rocket science Chuck
I'm 58 and the Democrat playbook never changes. Demonizing success and scaring the elderly. Oh, and being Santa Claus with other people's $.
$8.00/ HR
  $320.00/ WK
  $16,640.00 GROSS
  $2,496.00 15/%TAX
  $14,144.00 NET 
  $272.00 WK    - 13,100  = $3,540 taxable. NO O TAX HERE
Hey Chuck....ure nothing more than an obstructionist. Not to mention a p.o.s.
No tax plan without full financial disclosure of Trump and Congress. Citizens should see if the vote is rigged to benefit those in power.
We don't need you and you have no power. Get in the back of the bus.
Again looking for any excuse to sabotage the president.  We need TERM LIMITS NOW.  You are not working for the American people.
You mean your failing partyCall it what it is Chucky you think your party is holier than thou everyone knows better can't fool any1 anymore
@dremmelqueen @POTUS give seniors a raise
You are using the same worn out narrative; women, minorities as human shields to hide your own lack of ideas.  #WednesdayWisdom
It's a crazy Tax increase for Middle Class America!
This is what we believed.Trump Definitely try to favor back the wealthy people who helped him in election campaigns.But this iscruel reality
What do you care. NY Taxes are the second highest in the country because you and Dems.
This is Trickle Down Economics 3.0 DESPITE the lipstick! Impossible debt increases will Crash us All Hopefully takes it's Toll on the Rich!
gee didn't realize the very wealthy needed so much help chuck...
It gives a tax break to everyone! You are so negative, time to retire because you're not doing anything but obstruct and complain.
Nothing passes with Democrats with this Great President we have today, following thru on his Promises, those that Democrats can't keep. 
What do u have against the wealthy Schumer? Last time I looked u are one ! And just for the record, why are the wealthy treated differently
Will you please resign. X democrat
Thank you Senator Schumer.  Please continue to protect our citizenry from being harmed by the rich and powerful.
Stay on it Chuck.. more smoke and mirrors prior to day 100. He hasn't accomplished crap
Let the Man Child in charge know, that a "tax break," is not a "tax plan."
LYING DEMOCRAP PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY.  SHAME
FIGHT THEM, SEN SCHUMER!!! FIGHT THEM EVERY STEP OF THE WAY!!!
If it walks like a duck? The tax cut will benefit billionaire Boys Club somehow watch details closely we are watching you watch
@SherryP1967_5_7 @POTUS 
If it's trickle down economics, we all know that's BS. Corporations are too greedy now & nothing trickles down to the most vulnerable.
For you it is no longer about working together. It is all about sabotaging the right
I don't understand where you're getting that perception. Don't lie you are PRAYING to find that in his plan
No- tax reform.  NO- Healthcare until pre-existing remains. This isn't tax reform, it's tax cuts for wealthy! Calling BS
hmmmm you fit in that tax bracket don't you chuckie??? yeah let's watch this.
Seriously looking to move out of US. Every day gets worse.
So if the wealthy are included in the tax break then you will deny everyone else from getting the tax break even tho nothing wrong w that!
You are doing an excellent job. I wish we dems can help.
But your rich..the rich pay all taxes..
Wealthy Socialist like you create jobs for Illegals & freeloaders. Job: Sit on Ass, get Food Stamps, Vote Democrat .
Talk about "FAKE News!" Food Stamps are not Income Gains.  They are Democrat Votes! 
But of course it gives a huge tax break to the wealthy, why wouldn't it?! He's in cahoots and it's his "swamp".  What can we do?
Please watch the 3 graduated rates and income brackets for middle class. Our effective rate will be higher than AMT
Please... you'll do your best to stop any progress with this administration.
Someday Dems will recognize burdensome tax structure gov't is responsible 4 placing on backs of citizens. Just kidding, you guys don't care
big corporations don't need tax cuts either--they already have lots of deductions & lots of accountants etc to take advantage of loopholes.
Oh come on Chuck, like you're really going to try to "get along" and actually do something to move America forward.  #draintheswamp
,Trump's plan calls for the repeal of a tax that once cost him $31 million 
http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/trumps-plan-calls-for-the-repeal-of-a-tax-that-once-cost-him-dollar31-million/ar-BBApyP4?li=BBnb7Kz&ocid=HPCDHP …
@KateMiller57 @POTUS IF it gives huge tax breaks???
Shouldn't even look without seeing his taxes!!!!
Moron under Obama poor people making 10,000 pay taxes , trump 24,000 and under no taxes , helps working students
How many people have you ever given a job to chuck? Trump has hired over 100,000
No to income distribution, chuckster, unless it's yours.
so does that actually mean anything? Are the Dems actually able to do anything?
were you in office when obama was pres for 8 yrs?  What did you do to fix anythingl?  You did nothing.
Initial roll out of tax plan is another epic fail for the incompetent administration.  Thanks for working for the people @SenSchumer!
@statefarm2006 @POTUS We are counting on you!
@statefarm2006 @POTUS Stay strong!
Yes because Democrats embrace the idea of being entitled to a bigger % of rich people's money. Wish the Forefathers would just come back as
Zombies already and eat the progressive morons who don't get it
Nothing passes muster with democrats Senator that ANY republican puts forward. You ALWAYS put party before country. Who's $400k speech is it
I wish you wouldn't look at it until we can see his tax returns.... please don't cave. You know he's only looking out for his family....
No need to review until @POTUS provides his tax returns!
No Fed Tax on first 25k earned. Little ppl helped but you're too bent on stealing from the successful.
This is a given
Looks like at least one very rich guy--POTUS 45-- would stand to gain bigly!
@RomeoIIIV @POTUS Well Chuck, I don't see the @gop tax bill giving a break to working families or poor folks do you? #SMHRFH
Hope no one listen' is gonna  want any muster cuz they ain't gonna be none to  pass around.
Trump could introduce a plan to give a million dollars to each person in the USA  and Dems would vote against.  Democrats are criminals
Ur wealthy!
Stand strong! #resist
Do Dems even pay taxes?  Bernie doesn't and we have yet to see yours Chuck
The plan seems designed to humiliate and oppress the lower/middle class. Does he hate poor people that much?
DC #TaxMarch sign
How will you judge with the scant info they have? Don't let them steam roll us, please.
How about stop neglecting us on social security and give us a raise to live in this economy we are many years over due can't live on $10000
Blah blah get to work sick of it.
Thank you
Change the tax laws so corp CEOs dont have loopholes but make a corp job friendly
Thats right chuckie stomp yur feet mr party of obstruction. Screw jobs right chuckie
DON'T FORGET RUSSIA!
@TomPerez This is an anti-working people move. T should be ashamed at his lies to the working class.
Please keep that promise
Save the mortgage deduction! Help the young, starting out, get a home. Preserve the middle class. We pay for all.
And it won't pass muster w/THIS voter unless it provides enhanced deduc./tax credit for middle income seniors' medical/dental expenses.
Get ready to laugh 
It makes sense that if corps and inds have more in their pocket they will spend more and STIMULATE THE ECONOMY
