Stop #trump from getting us in wars. Why is he bombing without #congressional approval
Where have you been? WE HAVE BEEN AT WAR FOR 17 years. With NO results. Time to kick ass take names later. ISIS sh never have got this far
If you talk about "kicking ass" I hope you're on the front lines and not just cheerleading from the couch.
I've had plenty of family on the front lines but yep I'm screaming from my couch...Go TRUMP!! #MAGA
...said everyone for the past 4 decades
Trump is and has been wrong on so many things, impeachment is imperative Now! FBI help us please!
NOW UR concerned? Is there any integrity left in your brain?
Where have I heard that before? You're the big tade hawk now! #joke
Just now smelling the coffee Chuck? This BS has been going on since Nixon! You're complicit why didn't you fix for this under Obummer?
Right and this just started in Jan 2017. You hypocrite!
You did NOTHING about China stealing our IP in 2013 - what makes u delusional enough to believe Americans don't see through your concern now
Well chuck, what did you do to stop it over the last 8 years?
Holy smokes decades in office and you finally wake up!
but trump family loves the cheap products they sale !! Make america last in they priority !! A CON wiil always will be CON!!
Speak English much Love? "sale" or "sell"?

it was my Russian English coming !!! Sell . And by the way como esta tu pinche madre la ruca ?
Man, I like you but these min-tweets are unnerving! Call people to action instead of useless tweets!
When Trump said this exact thing during election liberals freaked out that he would start WW3 ... now you say it
u know what?  how about you focus on getting a special investigator appointed and get the traitors running this country out? #resist FOCUS
Stay tuned Mr Schumer. The president will get this done. Wow, less then 90 days and US gets respect. Not on your watch! Get to work
you know what? if hillary and democrats won she wouldnt call china a currency manipulator. hypocrites.
And you worried about this how...the last 8 yrs???? Phonies like you expose themselves every time they speak. People can see you are a fraud
Well said Trump...err Chuckie
How is labeling and pissing off a country going to fix that work from within, you warmonger #divisiveChucky
EVERY SINGLE democrat running for office should be SHOUTING these words.
Why? Just to get votes? Americans know that Dems did nothing for 8 yrs while this was happening.  Reason Dems lost Congress, Senate & WH 
Why have never brought this up before. All of asunder you're an expert? Never over  the last 8 years did you address. Now? You're terrible
where the hell were U during the reign of Obama the Lesser?
Your so old you can't remember what you do and do not support. Your part of the problem
sounds like pro Trump u foolish old man retire and pick a side.. I know u a closet case trumpete
Hmmmm.  Why didn't your horse (hillary) say this?  Oh that's right.  Trump said it first and that put these facts off limits to dems
AND FOR ALL THE TIME YOU HAVE BEEN IN WASHINGTON, WHAT HAS SCHUMER DONE ABOUT IT OTHER THAN TO COMPLAIN???
But their labor cost is low and their output and ability to adapt. Which we have a problem doing. Good better best consumers pick good cheap
All on your watch! Well done!
What resolution labeling China a currency manipulator have you offered on the floor of the US Senate?
All of this occurred with Obama in office, and when Dem's owned both houses as well.  What did you do about it Chucky?
UNDER THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION!!! Where have you been the last 8 years?!
So what have you done for NYS today? Nothing like always. Enjoy your last term. NYS needs real industry not higher taxes. Get to work
Democrats kill jobs pandering to special interests with needless regulation.
This has been goin on for at least 8 years when ur boy Obama was in charge
And you have done what ?? About this in all ur useless years in office
Schumer can you just shut up An crawl back in your hole. We are sick of you An your out of touch friends that only want the money
Hey Chuckie ur finally learning. Our Great POTUS has had an impact on u. Keep listening to him he can teach u many things that obama couldnt
Hey Chuck. Where HAVE you been???China didn't just start doing this in the last 70 days.Where were you on this for the last 8 years u hack??
This is exactly why we don't need a  democrat president! They obviously don't want to try & build fair relationships with countries! Dumb!
titan rain hack, google it, poor SANS corp
talk to Trump. He agrees with you.
You approved the sale of IBM computers to China.   #getreal
What has congress done about it. Nothing. It started long before Trump
That's Obama fault ding bat
actually China's currency is too high given their competitors FX rates India and Brazil especially
You're a little late to the game chuck.
+Unless U R Rich - Everything U buy is stamped MADE IN CHINA. Imagine import sanctions ON US! Chaos! Diapers, clothing, car parts, tools etc
Yes they did. Because of the Democrats.  Trumps going to fix the problems.  Maybe you could help.
Your hero, Obama, set up all that losing.  Jump to the winning team, Shmucky!!!
Sounds like Democrats in action
It sounds like you've boarded the #TrumpTrain
YOU NEVER CARED ABOUT THAT BEFORE! UNTIL @POTUS TALKED ABOUT IT!
Slime
just like bandit robbed others and shout you are not clear! so just leave us something to eat! and stop that ridiculous political make up!
And yet our incompetent @POTUS has no clue how to negotiate a better relationship with them. So much for "art of the deal"
and they obviously will continuously doing this, USD raised more than 10% since 2016 in that circumstances of market persperity in US
all of this just happen in the last 82 days?
China steal this, China steal that, but let me remind you each time the Federal Reserve raise interests, that squeeze our economy indirectly
You haven't introduced any legislation to deal w/issue.
You're a fraud. Obstruction and just say no. Shame on you.
Country first, not party.
Why did u not do anything abt this when u could have years ago ?  So u want Trump to fix what u wont 
Are you for real?
After all these years you still haven't done anything. U show no leadership.
And this is new news?? The American worker has known this for years! Last man on the team to get news or what??
UpCuck this is what @POTUS has been saying. You can't even come up with original thoughts of your own. Pathetic! #FakePolitician #shameful
Another problem @realDonaldTrump inherited from @BarackObama your right Chuck #obama left a mess.
Don't U ever stop lying about what U don't know about? Deflect & resist?! Well, when Ur selling gum at 7/11 then U'll get that Ur not liked!
They been doing it for years and you notice it now???? And what did you do about when you were in the majority.
And u , what a clown. Resign u fool Schumer!
You sound like Trump. Stop it.
where was your voice the last 8 yrs? When we had a coward in office! We finally have a great prez that will not take crap
Didn't TRUMP just make a trademark deal with China!
You're a creep
Why didn't obama label a currency manipulator? And why did you call him out for it?
Where they hell have you @SenSchumer been the past 8 years. Welcome back to planet earth, this isn't new.
We're good now tho right...so-called president said so
dem didn't seem to think this was a problem during the election. Why now?
You stole that line from our President. Really!!!
Huh?  YOU are saying this?  You are up to no good.
you have to be kidding me! You of all people! You were in the majority with obomo in chief and you did nothing! sold America out
Ok- & just what have YOU done about it. Absolutely nothing. You've been there for decades. But NOW it's a problem to tweet about. termlimits
Chuckie is the poster boy for why we need term limits. Same with Pelosi. Waters. Boxer, Fiestein, and Pichahonas. Dems need new blood.Losers
yet you supported Clinton signing NAFTA selling American jobs to them now you act like it is Trump's fault it is you democrats
And your party did nothing about it for 8 years
Proof. Show us proof!
Lol yet they just trnd down NK coal at port for USA Coal, ty to DJT. Funny you would rather insult China -you will be hiding n a closet soon
AMERICAN COMPANIES CAN'T COMPETE IN CHINA!
Ahhh..that was ALL discovered under Obama administration and under Dems control. What's your excuse now??  Oh yeah..Trump..GET REAL CHUCK
They started doing it your first year in congress, did you not notice?
Wow finely figured out after 30 years
Yes but Trump has his copyrights
Okay, question. Hasn't the US manipulated it's interest rates to spur growth & confidence in our markets?
ChuckSCHUMER YOU WERE IN POWER FOR 8 YEARS! WHY DEMOCRATS DID NOT FIX THESE PROBLEMS?  WERE YOU UNCAPABLE? YES!
CF MANAGING PARTNER F&F CPAs
And I ask again what have you done about it. Answer NOTHING !! AND CRITICIZE  !!
Thank you @SenSchumer
so wait,, now it's china that democrats want war with?? #JillNotHill
American greed sold itself to China.
How can that be? You fight tooth and nail against it. U FRAUD #TermLimits #draintheswamp #SchumerMakesAmericaSick #Resign
And you never complained about this once in the past eight years? Why now? What has changed? Hmmm... hmmm... oh, a 'Republican' in the WH!
But China gave him the trademark to "Trump" something he's been after for the last 10 years and could be worth $100 million #emoluments
I don't think your elevator goes all the way to the top
And NO SANCTIONS from @BarackObama for that or their weaponized island in international waters after 8 years! YEARS!!!
We're so fortunate the superior deal-maker (#45) makes deals for his personal profit. The American people don't care; they want him rich.
That's sounds an Awful lot like trump?
Same as it ever was. You didn't do anything about it during the last administration. They hacked government employees info. No consequences
Give it a rest Clown, u & Obama couldn't solve this problem for 8 years but u want PDT to solve it in a day, give me a break
Blame obama chucky
Didn't Obama give the internet away?
This topic is way overdue and I thank you for being out front on this realization.
impeach him he is unfit where are his taxes he lies and lies
i dont believe a word he says
This went on during the Obama admin. and you stood by close lipped. Now you grandstand. Disingenuous. You need to cooperate to get it right
And you all have let them for years - you imply that this is Trump's problem.  You and your former President did nothing to deal with it
Have you joined up with 45 to pour opprobrium On the Chinese? What's the point?
A little late to the dance Chuckie.
And now Trump's stamps and gives them a license that he will not interfere in their manipulations that's Trump with his quid pro quo impeach
The jobs you are referring to were lost over 8 years of Dem ownership of the White House. Get the record & facts right before blathering!
What if Trump and China denuke NK...U will look like the fool U are. Keep up the good work.
what did you do about this the last 8 years???
Companies should have stayed in US and support our countries worker, not just their own profit!
#donthecon choked, just like with mexico.
Focus, Senator. China is not the problem; a US government that supports trade deals like the TPP is the problem.
democrats have obstructed and caused riots. Stop complaining chucky
Do you ever say," Well done"? So negative and about any thing. You are still angry about the election, huh?
And China thinks our, what ever you want to call the orange bastard, is a joke on steriods. #trumpRussia
I agree with China
Same here
But Donald Trump is now in love with President Xi and Trump's current news conference proves his absolute ignorance and incoherence.
All while u & obama were in charge U must have a little memory loss there chuckie
Shut it, Schmuchy Schumer.  What have you done about it in your 100 yrs in the Senate?
so where have you been? Now you realized this? Chuck, what do you do all day?
And all this happened under @BarackObama but you could care less. Remember when @billclinton sold military secrets to China? Short memory.
You wouldn't know. For the last eight years you were a nonexistent entity in Russia
Is this an ad for Trump?
Chuck...what the *uck have you been doing for 8 yrs?
Don't know, what have you been doing for the last 30 days, when your account was created?
Please explain the difference between the Chinese Communist Party and your Democrat Party. Thank you.
Please explain the difference between a Macedonian troll and a Russian troll, thank you.
And..... this just started in November?? Give me a break Chuckie
Yeah, about the same time your account started
but they gave Trump his trademarks didn't they. coinky dink? nah
Don't worry, Trump said he'd label China a currency manipulator on day 1! But then they gave him his trademark and he said "Never mind."
Wait. Is this Schumer or Trump speaking? Concentrate on our domestic disaster and reversing Trump.
You never said anything about this..#PresidentTrump did..get off the bandwagon..
You changed the course of American history with your ego  !
Time for you to retire, Sir, you have no creditiablity
#faketwitteraccount
What was President Obama doing about it. Oh yeah nothing
And you've been in office how long? Seems like you're responsible
Didn't Our Donald bring that up over cake?
And you berate private citizens schumer, try that on someone other than an older lady.
Why didn't you push president Obama to do something? just saying
What's this Obama stuff, you should've pushed Putin to do whatever the hell they do over there.
What happened to Trumps tough talk? #chocolatecake
Trump will deal with itdont you worry dems that's not your worry let the republicans do that dems run there railroad republicans run thers
#TrumpShouldResign he has zero credibility left.
Do you and your 8 followers need tissues? Trump 2020!
good job you did something during 8years of Obama oh wait.
Good to see US citizens so concerned about politics, oh wait. Make that Russian citizens.
Trump just secured something like 6 patents there so he achieved his goal
You steal Trump's stump speech?
We should be allies with China.
You steal votes.
