It is more like impeach democrats who want a welfare state for illegal immigrants. I hear Dems say Americans won't take low jobs.I say WRONG
Do you feel giddy when you wear your dress?
Hey Doofus, Sen Warren pays her female staff 71% of what she pays her male staff. Put a lid on this crap and go ask Pocahontas. #jackass
My Mom was fantastic woman.If she needed more money to care for us,she took another job.Sbe worked 3 jobs making sure we had all we"needed"
does a female sale rep get paid less than a male? What jobs are u talking about? All I hear are #s with nothing to back them up!
Hey Mr. Schumer, what do you pay women compared to men?
Like Elizabeth Warren and her paying women 71% compared to men?
Maybe you should tell Clinton and Warren you hypocrite!
saying equal pay does nothing to explain Maybe if you show us what jobs don't pay the same. does a female truck dr get paid less
Ever done anything about this?-answer no-how about this-https://twitter.com/SenSanders/status/849621069535342594 … -answer no-
We need millions of students to tell Mr. Trump and the Republican leadership, 'Sorry, we're not going to leave college $100,000 in debt.' 
You+Pelosi r showing us more + more how senile brains work..awww r u gonna cry.Maybe Pelosi will will do her fake smile n crack her face.
Talk to you buddy Elizabeth Warren about it  clean your own closet
Schumer SMART Legal Abiding immigrant now American voted for Pres Trump GET this Russia has nothing to do w/ your accusation

Ivanka celebrated #EqualPayDay, but daddy just signed an executive order undoing Obama's order that extended workplace protections for women 
still hanging on to the old ways lying to women,latinos,minority's and the race card it's not workn cum on man try something new
Than accept a lower pay in order to make it more equal or are you not that adamant about it?
People are wise to you socialist liberals pandering to women, minorities, gays, illegals. Obama's admin corruption cost, lives, economy etc.
Can't bare to see Barbie doll Ivanka and Ken doll Kushner in the spotlight. No legitimacy
Sen Schumer, you know liberalism is unconstitutional, unchristian , and un-American. We conservatives welcome you to the Republican party.
Welcome to the Republican party where we claim to be christian but do not follow any of the actual teachings, just the ones we like.
like the Obama administration paying women less and the Clinton's paying women less, where were you then
Maybe you should address equal pay with sen Warren.  Seems she does not practice gender equality within her own staff.  Hypocrites !

Wow best photo of Democrats ever.
Impeach Trump,what a bunch of whiners.I had to put up with a wimp President who nearly destroyed America.Suck it up n accept Dems lie+ lie.
Oh and u have sponsored so many bills protecting women's rights NOT lying good for nothing pandering politician
Check YOUR privilege AND what you don't pay the women on YOUR staff... smh.
but it's ok for Pelosi to pay female aids $20k less than male? Clean your own house up first!
@NorahODonnell I missed you commenting on lack of pay equity by Clinton and Warren. See why we all know you are biased and untrustworthy?
Blah blah blah
Won't have equal pay till U have Open Clarity if wages! Must POST wages and be allowed to share Or never happen -like$spent on shovel ready
I'll call BS on that one.  Women can get hired before a  man not because they are more qualified but because they don't have a penis.
Yea!! Even @HillaryClinton and Pochahontis  pay women MUCH less while @realDonaldTrump pays them same or MORE!
So your admitting that these disparities have existed long before trump took office. Under democratic watch? Under obama administration?
Then why does Elizabeth Warren allegedly pay her male staffers more than her female staffers, do you condone this?
Chuckles do you have to learn how to be that fake or are you born like that?
U know what is funny? Liz Warren pays her female staff less than her male staff. Can we say hypocrite? Let's check Chuck's payroll.
Well that is changing and not for the better after today. We need to fix this Chuck
Aren't you happy that @IvankaTrump is speaking out on this ?
Cater to the ignorant Shmuck!
@Capri29gt Like you care. Hypocrite, New World Order advocate. U let Obama practically destroy America, didn't protest then. Traitor.
Talk your Democratic partner Elizabeth Warren about equal pay.... such hypocrisy ! Laughable !!
You should be a Jim Jones, lead your whole party of Snow flakes to mass suicide. Do us a favor fix the deficit..Grown man fake tears.
We endure that montly cycle just like the women, drives us nuts Chucky.
If they are so tangible AND everyone agrees that should be removed. Can't we just solve the problem? Name the problem, Chuck? Tangible.
Yep its called the democraps
Is Hillary and Elizabeth paying females equally. What about your other Dem buddies!answer. NO
Did you just wake up? You have held your position too many years! Stop the drama, are you blaming Trump? What did u do during Obama, Clinton
How about equal health care day, as in we get access to the same health care you politicians have. Then maybe I listen to anything from you.
how bout u have a talk with @SenWarren  $20k less than male counterparts, evil woman
Yea like you care
#WestWinGate, how embarrassing for Liberal Democrats. 
Susan Rice
Evelyn Farkas
a gift to President Trump. 
Good luck in 2018!
Here, here! Extremely hard on single mothers
Another huge issue is unequal Social Security treatment  for unmarried-often women-and married ppl. Same pay/taxes don't produce same benes.
Yes, we wonder how much more you make than your female counterparts? Maybe you should release that information Chucky!!
It's 2017 and this shouldn't be so!
yah ok douche
We are not getting anywhere! How about some help in Woman owned businesses so we can set our own pay!
Obviously, you failed to remind #HillaryRottenClinton and #WhoeverObama because males  salaries were higher than females in their cabinets.
But we all equally suffer your BS. So when you was screaming at that woman at the exclusive restaurant?
Hey chuckee how do you feel about rice cakes.(more error than substance)
Clean tour own house sir. Clinton and Sen. Warren pay their women less than men. How much do you pay the women in your office sir?
Women already get equal pay stop dividing the country and do your job. CONFIRM GORSUCH FOR THE SUPREME COURT
I will never feel shame for being an American or for being born a man in this world I love so much
Is that why Senator Pocahontas pays her female staff members 71 cents for every dollar her male staff members make??????????????????????????
Name Three barriers.  Democrats use deceit to motivate people emotionally just as Satan uses your emotions against you.  Dark Soul Schumer
Hopefully youbwill encourage Hillary to pay her female staff more then.
But there are no real jobs anymore in NYS. Unless welfare is a job?
The only barrier I face is the momey NY takes from check!!! And you keep taking more!!!
#EqualPayDay
Yes, their own decisions.
Only women prevent themselves from earning equal pay.
#paygapmyth
#EqualPayDay
Omg you have some balls!! You just assaulted a woman a week and 2 days ago and still haven't apologized! Don't speak for women!
You should speak to .@SenWarren  -she pays women less than men.
- like harassing a stewardess for telling some ahole named Chuck to turn his phone off cause he thought rules don't apply to him
The biggest thing women need to over come is mother nature.
Explain that to @SenWarren who pays female staff 73% of what men make..
This is a lie. But Democrats swim in the swamps of lies.
And yet you have done nothing about it.
YOU ARE A NOBODY
What about corrupt policies from liberal elites ? They destroy jobs and the American way of life . Can't wait to see Dems locked up ...
This reflects on #HillaryClinton and #Pocahontas both caught paying women less than men. Moral of story never vote or work for democrats.
Can't wait to see Obama and Susan Rice get locked up . To many corrupt scumbags around Washington. They are everything wrong and u too
False.
Schumer..male/female pay should b based on performance not gender.  As a female, I can't understand women who can't b happy with their lives
In every job I've worked everyone has made the same or we still only talking the top 10% of the country again?
Women are interested in outlawing FGM and child marriage.  Get to work on those issues!!
No, #EqualPayDay is a reminder that idiots like you are still clinging to bogus stats (and identity politics).
Men & women deserve the same pay doing the same exact job for the same amount of time worked & the same length of employ same qualifications
Total BS
Step down then, so all your useless babbling, and let a woman with a level head on her shoulders have your seat!!!
Well said! We all have stories....
and you would know
#HeForShe
What about @SenWarren and others paying their female staff members less?  Turning another blind eye? Getting good at the Dem coverups.
women need #BasicIncome more than ever.
No. It's a reminder that You and the press continue to shamelessly lie to the American people
And Chuckie you are one of them.
in government
@SenSchumer @TheDemocrats Remember Obama WH & Hillary Camp. both paid women less than men.  How about UR Staffs????
.@SenSchumer @DeeLoralei Yes Senator! n this sends u back 2 the Blk Ppls plight of inequality we face daily, especially pay.
Start by donating 50# of your salary you are over paid
Just make Schumer also have Obamacare! And all the other Senators too! Ya know they voted@themselves out of that for Cadillac insurance 
YOU can't even spell the words...FACT or TRUTH..unless a 1st grader gives you an assist with both...like giving you FAC...and TRUT....PERIOD
All men not equal paid! #equalpayday 4 every1!!!!!!!! I
Like cry baby creeps like u schumer
Yes, everyday we do all the work and the guy next to does nothing. And gets paid more.
Can't believe I'm agreeing w/ CS, but yes!  This should be a bipartisan issue.  You know who else defends equality for women?  Neil Gorsuch.
And I always thought there was already a law in the books on equal pay for women.
Who has more wealth, you or Nanci Pelosi? And if she does you better beg your overlords   for equal pay.
What about your own staff?
If this is true, which I doubt. Why don't you and the Dems make a bill to fix this problem?  Instead of grandstanding!!
Nobody likes him Neil goursoush
I used 2respect U! I voted 4U twice, won't happen again! I gave Obama a very fair chance 2009-2012 I supported him. Y can't u do the same?
Bullshit. The gap is a myth and men have to register with selective service or become felons. Shorter life spans too yet no outrage
Get 45 outta there! He is a barrier. #TraitorTrump
Again you also must have failed statistics class
Name one that is actually legal.
How can u possibly praise a judge & support him4 Fed bench &10 years after a great career on that bench tell us u don't trust him? Is it me?
Think #SusanRice will rat on you in court to save herself?  Will you be one of the scapegoats when Obama is on trial? #WeinerLifeInsurance
Here you & I agree. I worked in supermarkets, there was always equal pay, it's time 4 u2 sit down with the president and work together
and men face work related injuries and death that woman do not
Mr Schumer you are grandstanding to get donations from your donors You are a hippocritical politician pandering shamelessly for votes
Mr Schumer you are just grandstanding to get donations from your donors. You are a hypocritical opportunist that panders shamelessly 4 votes
How about equal taxes too?  Once elected voters are abandon by you. You are quick to raise campaign money. We the people deserve better.
Then why haven't you done anything about it? You're all talk what ever you think sounds good.
Susan Rice comment please
This has only been going for a few weeks, glad to see ur on top of the issues.
Resign schumer. You have nothing worth hearing
CSI - Chuck Schumer Intell
@nytimes @washingtonpost @CBSNews @ABC @NBCNews @CNN S. RICE LEAKING N UNMASKING PEOPLE SURVEILLED IS GIGANTIC. DO UR DAMN JOB N REPORT IT!!
Lol except you're wrong
@nytimes started this w/Biden (D) leaving SC nominees to next president. They did, now ur being hypocrites. Even Sotomayor n Kagen got votes
That's great but there is enough info/proof on twitter/reports that Trump & his cronies should go but why has this not happened yet???
Like Susan Rice spying on Trump Administration before obama left office!
Just like a democrats if it not a black issue or women issue or illegals  issue the Democrats care less
@TheDemocrats @HouseDemocrats Schumer is destroying ur party. Every nominee will only need 51 votes. At least 2 more nominees after Gorsuch
Like what?
See, you can be niceNow confirm Gorsuch please
I get the feeling that this is just a Twitter bot, set up to post these. Schumer isn't on here at all. Check other Dem tweets today.
Just leave.  Jerk
