He can't read. Hahahaha that's why he sides with Putin
The cuts in Cbo was for illegals and ppl that refuse to work even when they are able also pp is cut off how about telling truth
no your a politician looking for votes and a lying one at that
Chucky. Still looking to baby the deadbeats so they love u and your kippah , I say u Chucky
But they will keep trying chuck because they never give up doing the bidding of their wealthy donors and TRUMP.
I believe the report was positive Sen.
Go away. It is not Trump Care.  It is incompetent Dems that left the next administration with the burden. So where is the team workno where
Your "friends from the other side of the aisle" are engaged in an act of mass murder. They want to eliminate those deemed undesirable.
Please. 
I doubt they will as they don't care about the WC. This can be seen by the glaring gap that continues to widen between upper & middle class.
ENOUGH CRYING.   FORCIBLY TAKE YOUR GOVT BACK.  WE CAN DO THIS IN THE MILLIONS.   START A REVOLUTION!!!!
They would but the #KochBrothers won't give them any campaign money if R's don't kill #ACA Their 1980 pres platform is being implemented
“We favor the abolition of Medicare and Medicaid programs.”
WHY DO THE KOCH BROTHERS WANT US TO DIE AND BE SICK?
But they won't. They designed it to hurt people and help the 1% that matter to them. We mean nothing to them.
Very true I'm afraid
Very discouraging. This whole presidency is a nightmare.
It sickens me every single day. THESE hateful hateful harmful people need to be fired. Too many ignorant people in America!!
Why don't you try stepping up and helping save healthcare instead of your constant sniveling and fake tears.
CBO said Obama care would work They were wrong so they are right now? Depends on who is asking?
Chucky & the Dems know Obamacrap is collapsing and do not want to help fix it. They are engaging in an American holocaust, intent on murder.
Healthcare is difficult, you know Obamacare was a disaster - why don't u work across party lines to help versus continued attacks
The next election should be the end of the road for you.Unless of course you don't get impeached for abandonment of duties. Obsequious Putz
CBO was wrong about Obamacare why should we believe it now schumer track record on anything you do has been very bad
If you care about health care, you'll support real bipartisan working group.
You KNOW they read it like a challenge.
OBSTRUCTIONIST SCHUMER IT'S THE END OF THE ROAD FOR YOU COME ELECTION VOTE SCHUMER OUT MAKE NEW YORK GREAT AGAIN VOTE
Don't count your chickens! @TheDemocrats must get out on recess into communities, give detailed facts @HC to spread truth. #resistance
Please STOP ACTING AS IF THEY ARE NORMAL AND FIGHT.
I don't think @realDonaldTrump or any of the rest of them can read...  Traffic sign or not...
Imagine how you'd feel if you would of actually read Obama care 
CBO was completely wrong about the 'savings' from Obamacrap. No longer a viable source.
They ifnore laws for trump, they will vote yes.
*ignore. Stupid phone!
So you still think Obamacare is/was the ticket?
right- look how accurate it was on Obamacare! 100% wrong.
Take a nap, Chuckie!
Keep fighting for the non-elite! @SenSchumer We need protection from this savage plan. #SaveACA or #UniversalHealthCare @realDonaldTrump
Lawmakers should have same healthcare plan they expect Americans to live with! No more golden plan for obstructionists! Feel America's pain!
If the Republican do this we should be making our own threats of Single Payer for 2018.
READ it myself and " YOU LIE " !!!! Why am I surprised ???
No way cryin @SenSchumer #RepealAndReplace and we'd be fine with just a Repeal only for now.
The @GOP isn't interested in the CBO reports, only tax breaks for the rich. #REVOLUTION #GOPMUSTGO
Government is the problem.
you are kidding.......it's all about the money! "Koch Brothers"
Nationalize healthcare and stop all this bickering.
Sadly, some are against it now because it's not cruel enough (Rand Paul), not because it's an abomination.
Period
They won't.
1. Their base loves to vote for lies
2. #MSM will deliberately create a "both sides" fog
3. TYT-types will splinter progressives
The CBO means nothing since they were off by over ten million people in their assessment of ObamaCare. Their record speaks for itself.
You whine about everything, Senator crybaby. We here on the right are glad you're in government. You make it easy for us.
Sounds like you believe @SenateGOP are reasonable, well-intentioned legislators. I'm not at all convinced.
Ooh stop it.. nothing is worse than the AHCA that screwed working people to give lazy non working people free health care..
Chuckle...  and when Obamacare fails all of those people have no coverage.   #actionshaveconsequences #americaoverparty  #resignnow
We're in this mess because of the Democrats Obamacare
They won't nor do they care
What about Trump's threat to cut all payments to ACA. And he thinks he can use executive order to make the GOP trumpcare law? Can he? No rt?
To Chuck Schumer Let the LEMMINGS FALL OFF THE CLIFF THEY WON'T BE REELECTED FOR THOUSANDS OF YEARS!!!!!!
CBO is as irrelevant as you Chuckles
Seriously Senator your mild tone in the face of the health care bill and Russia investigation is killing the Democratic cause and Party.
the CBO was wrong about obamacare
CBO report is bs and we all know it. Besides, more than 30 million lost their healthcare with Obamacare! So, I repeat, #GFY Schmucky!
Well, you didn't offer anything better. ACA is bad. May force me out of retirement to afford my healthcare.
Senator, lead the fight for single payer. Best defense is a good offense. The stakes are too high to not do it.
REALITY CHECK: GOP Pushing Health Care Bill That Will Kill Many, Many Americans - They Are More Dangerous Than Terrorists
So when are the Democrats going to start demanding that life and auto insurance are a human right.
#ACA in a death spiral, #AHCA more of the same. Just repeal it all - reject #marxism!
you Liberals are the reason America is divided and each of you should be accountable for the actions of your Followers
Chucky, I'm having doubts about GOVERNMENT HEALTH INSURANCE. My experience is you can't trust  Big Brother.
Crying Chuck is such a joke. When is New York going to get serious and send an honest person willing to represent them in the US Senate?
But instead they see the green dollar go signal.
New Yorkers need 2 #retirechuck who went % 4 Obamacare knowing it was bound 4 failure and would tax those who could not afford it. #MAGA
They are either too stupid or too blackmailed to listen.  Must be serious to get them voting for murder,
The billionaires want population control and healthcare upheaval is the only way.  So not the end of the road.
The CBO is worthless & U know it.   @ what it predicted 4 Nobamacare & look @ the reality. The CBO is about as accurate as fortune cookie.
Stop being silly with "worser." It's murder on the order of the Nuremberg Laws. They are the Party of Death for Greed.
Whoops Chuck. How accurate was your ObamaCare CBO? Shall we recall that for you?? Over 20 Million? Real numbers closer to 11 mil. OOPS
The Dems lack any gumption, fortitude, or toughness to do ANYTHING! It's embarrassing.
You guys are terrible. You allowed this to happen by being short sided. You allowing of simple majorities for cabinet set this all in motion
How much influence do the koch/mercer $bags have over the gop?
But they will forge ahead to get rid of everything Obama did!  Repugs, all of them!
True, but if they could heed flashing red "Danger" signs, we wouldn't be investigating the entire Trump administration now would we?
Why? Its NEVER been about H 'Care'. It's always about appealing 2 BIG money donor. Wish my GOP party cared 4 real ppl
Turn back to what
Should, yet won't.
CBO isn't an accurate rating Meatball
Logic would agree w/ you, Senator. But we aren't living in logical, sane or civil times. Nihilism & rant have replaced compassion.
I hope you're right.
Are they smart enough? I'm campaigning against my Senater, Ted Cruz because of his stance on this bill. They should all know that.
Chuck, could you put some EMPHASIS into your statement, for Christ's sake. IT'S LIFE OR DEATH FOR SOME!! No wonder Ds going off a cliff!!!
CBO also said OBC would save $ billions & that 22mill ppl would be on by 2017.  They were wrong! Only off by 12mill ppl & a trill$ tax hike
You party is doing great Chuck. Keep doing whatever you and Nancy are doing. Trump will keep on winnning.
But they won't. It is up to YOU to stop them. Holding the floor will not be enough. Where are the amendments? @SenDuckworth @SenatorDurbin
But they won't. Would rather screw the little guy than go against the masters of koch and putin.
You are paid to do your job, why is it I know the # of non insured is due to not FORCING people to have insurance. #FULLREPEAL
Thank you! From Montana
Unfortunately your colleague @SenToomey thinks it's a good plan. He is a disgrace and an embarrassment to our great Commonwealth!
Tax all Dems and liberals
Keep pounding that drum. @GOP is depending on you @SenSchumer #propaganda to keep the base engaged for the mid term elections.
Your mistake is believing the GOP gives a f***  about the American people.
Yes in normal times but these are not normal times we must not assume this bill is DOA. Fight it tooth and nail!
Wait didn't they say rates would go down 30%? How can that be bad?
Do you have a proposal ready to fix ACA? If not, I suggest U work on it then present it to tRump. @SenateDems @NancyPelosi @HouseDemocrats
The only solution is single payer.  Lead the good fight!
With all due respect, @SenSchumer, Mr T and the GOP don't live in the world of "should," and don't know how to read a stop sign. Because $$$
Hope so. Too many people .
Chuck Schumer Defined:
#Leftistloon #Globalist #AntiAmerican #BlahBlahBlah #pathetic #doesnotspeakforamericans
Seen you do a damn thing yet
Lord, do you think it might be time to go to work.  I think u are stealing tax dollars,  in the form if your salary of which I haven't
Wake up! You were dreaming again.
Your the End Of the Road of the Democratic Party  
We hope Senator that the Dems have a bill to repair ACA  when AHCA dies. Or, better yet, time for Single Payer!
It should be the end of the road if the GOP cared about the American people. They don't. What will it take to get through to them?
Unfortunately it will not stop the gop from passing this tax cut for 400 families and murder thousands each year. Disgusting.
Chuck, should is the operative word. They won't stop 'til they erase all Obama and destroy us again with trickle down economics
When will you get it? Obama uncared is over!!!!
Fake news... CBO numbers are contrary !
Maybe we should pass it to see what's in it. GOP will at least read it. Did you read it or are you just trusting your helpers?
Your a real leader please never leave the democrats with no options but bash trump and lie and radicalized the shooter and obstruct. MAGA.
The CBO has not been correct for the past eight years?
Bury Mitchcare for good!
Read Oh now u can read a hc bill Guess u  learned 2 read after obama care huh chuckie Cause u forced obama care on America without reading
It's horrible in the harm it does, but gets far worse when you consider how it benefits the wealthy. Shameful.
Yeah ! Now you bunch of libtards can own the disaster know as Obama care!!
Malfeasance is your middle name. I don't trust you. America can't trust you

Funny, have you met the repub GOP? They love their tax cuts and they'll go over dead bodies to get it, literally!
You are a Liar Schumer. You backed and Supported Obamas Lies and Spending. NOW WE WATCH OBAMACARE IMPLODE. 1000 SEATS LOST AND COUNTING.
I wish you would stop talking and resign
Not only a financial and physical death sentence for countless but, guaranteed, an end to their political careers in the 2018 midterms.
Get this guy a tissue!
But they won't. More likely to push harder because they are scrum who hate America.
@GOP @FoxNews @Liz_Wheeler Crying Schumer, go cry with corrupt Pelosi as both of you are coming to an end.
Thanks for all of your non-input and your lack of solutions! Retire! Please!
Looney liberals are such drama queens with nothing but lies.
It should also read as a big giant reminder to all you Democrats to get involved the next time and stop pouting like little babies!
Yet a whole lot more people lost insurance coverage with obummercare and you didn't even read it before passing it. Hypocrite!
Then support #SinglePayer in California if you really want to forge the way forward. Otherwise, your partisan cheerleading is ineffectual.
The same CBO that estimated 23 mil would be on Obamacare by now. Only missed by about 13mil not including those forced onto it.
Chuck Schumer what does it feel like to be a loser?
The people want you toSTFU, career deceiver
A stop sign to him - and the rest of these corrupt "officials"!
1st GOP health bill drops  24 million; 2d bill: 23 million; 3d bill: 22 million.
22 more tries and they might get it right
I hope & expect both parties to work in the best interests of ALL the American ppl & not insur. comp.   Talk to Dr/Hosp for cost reduction.
I don't recognize my country anymore. I always thought GOP was cold, but it turns out they're downright genocidal. Civil war = inevitable.
Don't think that the five supposed R holdouts are meaningful.  If the vote were held right now 8pm EST Monday, all Rs would vote for it.
Thank you for all of your hard work to stop Trumpcare
Let's get a bipartisan group together to work on fixing ACA! Oh, wait, that's what you've wanted to do all along. Keep fighting.
The tag its been given "Deathcare" is totally appropriate.
When are you going to learn, Chuck. Democrats are not in charge.
But they won't
So .. you think it's meanER? Come on. Stop talking & put some gloves  on and finally fight back. Show some teeth. Show some dignity.
THEY. DON'T. CARE! They are counting on voter suppression & gerrymandering to win again in 2018.
SINGLE PAYER AIN'T GONNA HAPPEN CHUCK TRY AS YOU MAY. You don't owe Obama anything but you do owe the American people
Key words, "should be". I put no selfish acts past them.
Your a weak old obstructor
If 'should' had any effect on @SenateGOP we wouldn't be in this mess.
Blah blah blah
So what plans have you come to the table with? Exactly! Remember Obama Care is dead Americans know that.
But no stop sign with obamacare U freaking weasel @SenSchumer 
Sir O'care is crashing.  Do u have a plan?
They are determined to make sure millions don't have health care
Your ObamaCare is failing. All planned by Dems. Our two-person family went from $575 a month to over $1,800 p.m. And $9,000 deduct/co-pay.
What they propose isn't healthcare.  It's WEALTHCARE - stealing from poor, sick, elderly, to give to themselves.  #WEKNOWTHETRUTH
The word "should" is meaningless here. Lace up for a fight, @SenateDems
The CBO is a joke and is not relevant. Waste of money.
ML, how many people are dieing under ACA? I'm sure you have no idea and don't care. Tell me, who writes the DEMS talking points? # very sad
