Me Schumer , Our Coast Guard in Moriches NY are putting themselves in Danger Daily our inter coastal is only 1 Foot Deep There EMERGENCY NOW
Me Schumer This isn’t something that can wait any longer ! This has been bad since Sandy but the Problem is Ppl will die if not Fixed 
The NOAA charts show A Navigable Chanel but it’s not in any way ! Our Coast Guard is in Danger Of grounding themselves and not getting to 
You said it... former and good riddance; worst economic time of our lives and I’m 69!
Cry & run after the mess Obama left & be grateful for a Potus that understands growth and business! MAGA! U need 2 care about US, not seeing
It isn't tax reform it a give away for 1% of the population starting with Trump.
Didn't the Democrats just put us 10 trillion more dollars in debt the past 8 years

How can anyone believe these men? If you can't see it's because you don't want to look.
Why did you lie about Trumps plan. It lowers every tax rate. Every one! You said the low end will pay more. They go from 10% to zero. Liar!!
You cite a guy who has never worked in a deal job
We already know Larry as a push over.
Why isn't anything being done about @realDonaldTrump abusing the office of POTUS?
Highly respected author, Christopher Bedford, just came out with book, "The Art of the Donald, Lessons from America's...." Really good book!
What would an America loving person do if elected a Senator from New York. Hint don't look at you.
Taxes went up and debt went up over last 8 years...not real credible.
another looney lying liberal
Would love to see him debate with @stevenmnuchin1
Schmuckie, where is your alternative? Why haven't you put forth either the FAIR tax or FLAT tax yourself? Because you are CORRUPT!
Nothing positive or supportive at all on you page Chuck. Nothing. How is that good for America?
Everything Trump is wrong? What are the odds of that actually happening? Nothing he's done or will do be supported by you! Antichrist awaits
Tax reform for America not just your groupies!
Really what does a former dem pack member know about tax cuts he's never seen a tax cut in his life ask him about tax increases on us
President's tax plan lowers tax bracket for all Americans, greater child tax credits, 40% growth savings for small businesses.
Shouldn't the question really be What would a partisan hack like @LHSummers do? #sad
Larry Summers is the creator of negative interest rates, which is currently devastating Euro banks. In fact big Euro banks buy a U.S. bank so they can deposit money 2 earn interest from excess reserves at the Fed Reserve. Many wonder if Summers is a FOOL  with toxic advice.
I don't really care  what he has to say. Apparently, he was ineffective in his role.
Good try Chuckie lie lie

A FORMER LIBERAL TREASURY SEC. He would figure out how 2 get more money from taxpayers 2 b able to spend it all plus more than n treasury!


Where's your plan Chuckie? Same ol song and dance. TERM LIMITS
He worked for Clinton so why would we trust him any more than you? Doing nothing but blabbing!
Y don't U identify former Treasury Secretary as having worked in Obama admin,1st one since Hoover to fail to achieve 1 yr of +3% GDP growth?
I’m thinking if paid enough he’d say anything you want?


Why aren't the dems returning money.. this isn't a 10 year old locker room tape but true crimes. Ooops now what.
Chucky if u like Larry analysis so much resign so you can also say used to be senator and voice your uneducated opinion
hmmm In the 2010 documentary Inside Job, Summers is presented as one of the key figures behind the late-2000s financial crisis.
Hey clown, we the people voted for him for tax reform....do your job and get it done. U and the other liberal fruitcakes.
He is a dem who only wants more taxes.
His track record speaks for itself, the economy was in Winter while Summers was in charge. He needs to go back to school, scary professor!
https://www.google.com/amp/s/thinkprogress.org/larry-summers-falls-asleep-during-obamas-meeting-with-credit-card-executives-54eb863d2c6a/amp/#ampshare=https://thinkprogress.org/larry-summers-falls-asleep-during-obamas-meeting-with-credit-card-executives-54eb863d2c6a/ …  yea, real sharp.
Chuck he is one of the key players during the Clinton presidency that caused the crash of 2008. You should know that. Zero credibility.

Americans deserve the truth you traitors! 
subpoenas were issued unilaterally by the majority w/out minority's agree http://www.cnn.com/2017/10/10/politics/fusion-gps-subpoenas-devin-nunes/index.html …

Larry Summers is part of the problem not the solution.
It will be interesting to see how the liar in chief's henchmen try to spin this.
Hmm, former Tres Sec that couldn't get us out of debt and a lib professor, condemning a plan he admittedly has not seen the data pak for lol
If you cannot do it you teach maybe you should think about teaching
One of the main figures responsible for the global financial crisis is a great reference indeed.
Is anyone going 2 call out Mnuchin Bannon, Mercers 4 what they R? Rich, selfish white ppl that R greedy & simply want more $$.
Being rich does not mean they are evil, selfish, or greedy.
Y-being rich doesn't connote greedy but they're all in 4 policies that put so much more $$ in their pockets #shame
Senator, please vote this bill down.  It would hurt the middle class and seniors.
No it wouldn't. You would pay less taxes.
Larry summers apologize for saying males and females are different.  He has zero credibility.  Zero.

Obama is no longer in charge. #ThankGod #TellMeSomethingGood 
Based on public info on #TaxReform there are only partial revenue offsets & reduction of only tax breaks. It's #taxcuts not a reform.
So you don't want the almost 5% because you are concerned with what the rich are going to get? Have you looked at a paycheck?
people would take you more seriously schumer if you’d get up & FIGHT for us! fight for open border healthcare, fight for FAIR taxes, FIGHT!
Chuck u.
He would have skrewed up the economy just like the Swamp (YOU and other old farts) has done in the past. @CNBC is partisan hack network.


Imagine that! A weak liberal on a weak liberal channel from a liberal U trying 2 smash the Pres. Not 2 mention babbling on incoherently. 
Problem is: Are there enough gullible Americans to push this demonstrably false plan to get passed?

No one cares though, what he would do!
Former? Hummm Chuck. U don't know what u r talking about. Telling lies and half truths. Selling snake oil. Your a sad person Chuck.
Your link didn’t work. Stay focused and keep up the good work.
let zuckerberg steal facebook from the winklevoss twins
Liars figure and figures lie
You would know.
Fake News!
Ok Chuck , can you please issue the Democrats written proposal so we can compare them ?
Please retire . The world has passed you by . Time for positive changes .
Senator Schumer stands up for the people he represents.
Really? We pay the higest property taxes and state income taxes! Don't forget utilities, insurance and transportation

1st They Came For The NFL. ..We Just Stood There. ...WAKE UP AMERICA. ..WHITE ELEPHANT PARTY Charges Ahead
Came from the NFL? LMFAO! You complain about the rich but defend them
