That's right, we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries, not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people!
I guess they shouldn't have let them in  the country. Khuram Shazad Butt, 27, a British citizen born in Pakistan.
Pakistan wasn't in Trumps travel ban so he could have gotten here too...
Oh so you're suggesting we add Pakistan?  Not a bad idea!
Well why didn't our president that knows more about ISIS than the genrala think of that?
So you support temporarily pausing entry of people from all countries from which Islamic Terrorists or their parents originated from?
1. No. 2. A question for your question; if POTUS wanted 90 day to create a new vetting system why in all this time (longer than 90 days) has
Furthermore, with all the negativity and push back Pres Trump is encountering, do you really think new vetting in 90 days is achievable?
I think the real question is is it necessary Vs achievable. What is the end goal to the ban?
This U.S> born terrorist was radicalized in the U.S. -
Bernie supporter
Who the Fk cares who someone DIDNT VOTE FOR in the presidential election he's still a sick psychopath!
Fortunately for you,lack of intelligence isnt a law from voting rights
Did you know that it was? Fun fact.
I know the fraud obama and piglosi and chuck the child molester schummer wouldnt have been voted for if brainless were outlawed from voting
Still not an answer to my question but clever way to make yourself seem ignorant. You should harness that talent to something useful
U must have received a public funded education  since there is no coherent question to be answered.
Sorry Chuck they won't see it that way...
 make America Smart Again and Good At Other Stuff Too
Don't forget the Boston Marathon bombers were homegrown too...but maybe the travel ban could have prevented that
Are you seriously that stupid?!?!?!  OMG educate yourself!!!!
I'm very educated..and I experienced this all first hand..but feel free to educate yourself and present an argument..youre missing the point
I too am very educated!  Please feel free to explain what it is that you have experienced first hand.
And was on lockdown for the day they ran around the city shooting at police
I live in NY and experienced 9/11 first hand. My children's friends lost parents, we lost friends. That day will be a part of me forever.
What's so bad about temporarily pausing entry from countries identified as hostile or unstable govt where us can't get info on incoming ppl,
And for the record it's dangerous to compare tragedies...i don't even mention my loss from 9/11 because it's not a competition
Trump's Muslim ban is based in racism , xenophobia what ever . Being from NYC you know Trump is a racist. Remember the central park 5 ?
No it's the democrats who play the race card! Trump wants to keep us safeb& the democrats obstruct what's necessary to keep us safe
Do you honesty get off on stirring up conflict and being an obstructionist? I really hope you have Americas best interests in heart.
He doesn't. His only goal is to destroy Trump, and get back power. Really sad
It's like why be in public service if your just going to be the best example of being childish and from my POV pure evil.
All about power and control. Washington swamp thinks they r better than us, and needs to tell us what to do. Very sad
Well there's more of us than there is of them, so.. I think the American people in total has more guns they don't want that.
Understand but silly argument. Don't let them in, and we won't need to use our guns.
Yeah, hope it never comes to that, just wish people of the elect will do they're job and put the agenda of America first instead they're own
Amen brother.
Wow. You don't care how much you lie or twist things have you no shame as you try to sell out our country Mr. Lying Chuck Schumer
All of the attackers:Muslims
Chuck, your confusing the Trumpees with these facts. Who can they hate with that data?
Not factual data.  Just divisive rhetoric
So you are questioning the nationality FACTS offered by the Senator? You do know the difference between FACT & rhetoric don't you?
Moot point the Senator makes.  At some point they were radicalized by Islam.  Nationality doesn't matter. Where radicalized is the point.
And just to be perfectly clear, radicalized by violent extremists, not the true faith.
potus is so dim
I'm glad Trump is president/ he has more brains/common sense than corrupt, lying 44
45 is a danger to us and the world. Get this loser out of office.
The more 45 tweets the more ridiculous he sounds. And people sound ridiculous defending him.
You're not using your lizard brain enough or something.
Yes. Double plus good double think, no thoughtcrime, DT DT!
british MUSLIMS CHUCK??? THATS OKAY THEY ARE HARMLESS RIGHT??? Caphiaus
Yes exactly! DJT is a racist. He is against Muslims and that's the group he wants to ban . Unconstitutional!
No democrats play the card/yes we do need a ban & I'm not a racist, I'm realistic
Who is that you would like banned ?! Read statistics. If you could strictly ban ICIS I am with you but that's not how it works.
Exactly!  But nothing is being done about those incidents.
They're just being used as an excuse to give trump a blank check. Same with the voice program. It's sick.
Waaawaaaawaaaa. Julie's embarrassed!  Bahahahahaha
sedition!!! WE R NOT STUPID!! radicalized in mosque&  home, don't care if they are british or french. Don't need more coming in
As EU members, neither Britain nor France could block Muslims from their countries, but they shouldn't have made them citizens!
It's true they were citizens, but that means nothing to Muslims! They think Western nations are stupid for allowing them in!
Where were you when OBAMA instituted the same ban?  Oh I get it, Obama was a Democrat and Trump is Republican.  Now I get it
get your facts straight Schumer.  And where were they originally from?  You fool!
...and ALL were muslim!
Upchuck Schemer fails to note the London/Paris TERRORISTS were MUSLIMS.
@realDonaldTrump 
Like u really care about the people or. Country!! Traitor!!!
This makes absolutely no sense at all! They are Muslim! I'm Amer and Catholic? So one was born in England but he is Muslim! #SMH
British now, formerly from what country?
So what is ur solution? Only hear criticism...would love ur answer to the problem.
And all were Muslim with a desire to kill as many as they could. 

Why make it as easy as you can for them? 

WE voted safety and laws
But they were all Muslim.
Travel Ban and advanced vetting!
Once again Chuck misses the point. They were Jihadists who penetrated the British homeland to reign terror. Model citizens for a liberal!
@realDonaldTrump Travel bans do not identify dangerous people; such actions make everyone angry & incentivize danger. And terror
Were they Catholics, or Jews? You're leaving out a little bit of info.
Twist and turn the truth like a pretzel so it contorts to fit your lie Chuckie
British citizenship is not being British, obviously!  These people R radical Islamic terrorists who happen 2B born in UK.  We have them too
And, if the USA allows all these so-called refugees you're supporting in our borders, then these attacks happen here.  You lack wisdom@
Makes no difference they were murdering Muslim bastards we don't want these parasites in our countries not now not ever
And he was a Jihadist. He did a documentary!
A travel ban will not stop shooters from attacking right in our own back yard (USA).
we need to band Trump from the white house and his goons that is what we need to band Fact 
How about this then Chuckie . . . We stop Muslims in their neighborhoods until they agree to stop killing us,  brits we're not native. Fool
And what is the problem wee need to implant the abandons law's let those people's out side from our country not matters from what they came
We need a ban against your stupidity and big mouth! His twitter account should be shut down!!
But they did travel to countries full of terrorists, right? Where they were trained to kill?
For Agent Orange anytime he open his mouth it's just trash talking nothing but dirt come out his mouth
How many Americans are killed by another American every day?
British citizens or born in Britain , there is a difference
@realDonaldTrump  So Saudi Arabia and Russia should be on it? I think they Are: both scary countries...
They missed their opportunity for the BAN decades ago. Now paying the price. #clueless
@nola24073693 @realDonaldTrump The most dangerous person to the U.S. And the world is Trump.
Thought: ban all from entering this nation.  Right, it won't work. Bette everyone entering this country. Question one and send'm back.
British citizens who were radicalized Muslims who want to kill you and me.  Stop the political hacks.
Dt is dangerously stupid, reckless. Congress is responsible for allowing him to continue!
You're never getting a travel ban! Please stop dreaming never gonna happen, it has failed 3 times!!
Yes, Muslim immigrants
VOTE OBSTRUCTIONIST SCHUMER OUT HE IS DANGEROUS FOR NEW YORKERS
@jaketapper - Trump speaks only words to make himself look good or to foster his crazy ideas.
Trump plan is ISIS.
So that tells us parents we're refugees or immigrants and no one assimilated-
That's why London is now deporting muslin suspected of being in contact with Isis ... Extreme vetting fool

@realDonaldTrump UnClean Hands Need to Look at White Ingrown American born KKK Terrorists and Jail them. but Oops, those are his supporters!
Can't jail the BASE!!
Who were their patents idiot they were terrorists
If there is one terrorist attack in US this year it will be the fault of Democrat resisters!
And that guy in FL yesterday was American.
Travel ban is another level of extreme vetting for safety. If there is a terrorist attack in US it will be Democrats fault  for resisting it
And you are a threat to our safety. Why?
Chuck Schumer spins it again  can't wait to vote you out New York here

And their parents came from where, Senator? Unlike you, I care about terrorism from immigrants kids 30 years from now?  #Chuckignoresfuture
yea so let's maybe import a few more murderers.. good plan chuck ..
@VanJones68 @realDonaldTrump Save your words Senator. You're better off speaking to a cinder block. This man is unstable.
I lost faith in you! What happened to the Kennedy Democratic party? All you do is  apose the right. Negotiate with them!
France is DANGEROUS?  
No Chuck, they were Muslim and they hate you as much as the rest of us
Seriously, stop the BS and work on infrastructure! Or jobs! #DrainTheSwamp #DoYourJob #workforthepeople
British Muslims Chuck Radicalized, British Muslims. Wake the Fk up.
We all know you want open borders and will do or say anything to get it not on Trump's watch
Hiding from any religious narrative folks!  AKA Political Correct! If you are afraid to talk about the problem, it's impossible to correct!
We have nothing to fear but Trump himself. #Impeachnow
they were not british they were refugees, if you lied less your party wouldn't be decimated so bad your party is dying chuckie
Get out of government Schumer you lie about everything you do nothing to help the people of United States!
@realDonaldTrump  Don't forget the countries who were part of 9/11 that you didn't include.
Have you not learned anything? Do not bring logic to s Trump argument.
Bigotry & stupidity do not deserve the Court's support. Alt-right hate & intolerance are NOT America. We are less safe w/ hate & discrimin.
Home grown and that's what #45 and GOP want here!
Does not match up with Trump & T followers' paranoia
Losing it, tweet by tweet. Comey testimony pushing him over in spite of what he says.
You are right Chuck, lets ban the French and British too!
No, they are second generation terrorist who recently returned from Syria.  They arent British.
Who had traveled back and forth from the Mid East getting radicalized and to prepare for their attacks!!!
Donald the terrorists were all British. Are you going to ban all Americans as terrorists?
Doesn't change what we already tried to solve before judges started legislating from the bench for partisan reasons, and you know THAT too.
Well US falls right in line. The country's biggest threat is an American who occupies the Oval Office.
They were Islam. Also the Repubs are not sabotaging your health care, it is failing on it's own, more people have no coverage and paying mor
Maybe he should ban the British.
The Portland terrorist killer is a white American born person full of hate towards anyone different than him.
If they're British you're not an idiot. They're not British - if by British you mean not immigrated. SMH. Be rational, dude!
British citizens born in Pakistan & Morocco, don't let the truth interfere with your narrative though.
Given succour by the people they chose to murder.
The only thing that's going to keep us safe is to get rid of the presidential idiot
The travel ban wouldn't have mattered for these individuals
Just read satanic verses by Rushdie..., if you even care about educating yourself and your party...
Would one will be Saudi Arabia oh no wait the making you rich
Gee now what DONNIE???    WHO YA GOING TO BAN
Not even 1 of the terrorist so far were from the countries he wants to ban.  He may as well ban eskimos too.
Wow, thanks for that info Chuck! What a joke you are. Would be nice to see you do something positive. Talk, tweet, vacation.
Maybe there wouldn't be so many 'refugees', if the US, UK, and France would stop destabilizing sovereign lands...aka "dangerous countries"
I really hope libs keep this up. 2018 is going to be so easy
Yes we know..their parents came to those countries & now some of their children are radical Islamic killers....
Ok and senator? Oops sorry  was morocan/Libyan
What was their nationality? What is nationality of their parents, spouses? To ignore this is foolhearty and dangerous!
So we have to ban French and British people now.
So Chuck, are you saying terrorism by citizens is ok? Sure sounds like it.
@VanJones68 @realDonaldTrump We need to stop homegrown terrorists & that also means SMASHING our White Supremacists right here
Trump is so out of touch with the real world. He talks out of azz before he knows the facts.
But Chuckie the common denominator is there're all Muslim. What part of the discussion don't you understand?
The ban is to ensure safety in generations to come. Don't b stupid
Islamic extremism knows no race. Why do you focus on it?
How many traveled to those countries in question though? THAT is the issue.
Rachid Redouane was Moroccan-Libyan, Khuram Butt was a Pakistani immigrant, Youssef Zaghba was an Italian national of Moroccan descent.
Rachid Redouane was Moroccan-Libyan, Khuram Butt was a Pakistani immigrant, Youssef Zaghba was an Italian national of Moroccan descent.
@VanJones68 Paris shooter? You mean the guy with the hammer, right?
45 needs to go.  I don't know how the republicans can continue to look the other way.
The Manchester bomber had TRAVELLED to Syria in weeks prior.  If England had a Ban on Travel.....
Just ban everyone Donnie. But what will u do about local, home grown terrorists and ordinary shooters.  Killing is killing
Problem start at the family! Second generation Muslim kids indoctrinated by their own family into ultra orthodox and dangerous ideology!
Yes but what U conveniently fail to mention is their traveling to Middle East to be radicalized! NICE TRY CHUCK.
Facts don't matter for Don the Con. #fakepresident
We need to eliminate extremism by removing all of their civil rights. We can't let them hide behind freedoms they don't deserve.
@POTUS  San Bernardino and Orlando nightclub attackers are also US born citizens.  Travel ban is misdirected protection.
Is it abundantly clear that the President can't read?
Unfortunately he lives in his own reality. It doesn't seem like he listens to anybody but his own little mind, that he appears to be losing
Chuckles, you can't be this stupid!
Hey Chuckie what was their religion ?
@VanJones68 @realDonaldTrump But the common denominator is all terrorist attackers were Muslim indicating Islam is root problem
#Impeach45 Please Senator Schumer, help us out of this mess
