In the NY-27 district, from East Buffalo towards Rochester, 29% of NYers claim the state & local deduction with an avg deduction of $12,125.
In the NY-26 district in the heart of Buffalo, 27% of residents claim state & local deduction with an avg deduction of $12,083.
And in the NY-23 district, which is just south of Buffalo, 22% of residents claim state & local deduction with an avg deduction of $11,716.
Might also mention in the NY-24, near #Syracuse, 29% of NYers take the state & local deduction w/ an avg deduction of $12,140.
And in the NY-22, which cuts right thru the middle of NY, 23% of residents take the state & local deduction w/ an avg deduction of $10,766.
So when @VP arrives in Buffalo tomorrow, I hope he’s prepared to explain why he wants to hike taxes on thousands of middle-class families.
It unfairly penalizes NJ, too. Give more than our fair share to the feds. Get little back. "Moocher" states get the lion's. share.
Jackass
Reganomics works!
No...actually Reagonomics doesn't work. You may want to read up on the negative effects of tax cuts for the rich on the overall economy.
Wizard you must not have been around in the 80's
Trickle down doesn’t work and never will. For more up to date example look at Kansas....
0ld fart, It trickled down to me!!! I had a lot more money in my pocket under Reaganomics then i do now!
Perhaps you did, but as a national economic exercise it didn’t. Again I highlight Kansas. Look what’s happened there the past couple years.
What are you talking about Reaganomics in the 1980s or what happened in the last few years in Kansas? That would be on Obama!
What happened in KS was because of Brownback, their governor.  And their economy is a disaster with debt galore. Ask any Kansan.
Get a real job dude
GOP tax plan is designed to punish states that raise revenue to provide services in favor of states that don't spend on health, education...
Maybe the taxes in those states wouldn't be so high if they had responsible leaders. The DNC wastes so much
No these are states that actually fund health & education & other programs for citizens unlike the south which will be perpetually stupid
David, you can’t change the mind of a die hard TRUMPSTER!
Ah Yvette, love your participation! I know,sigh,always had a hard time keeping my mouth shut bout stuff that's important,but probably a bot-
You can call me a bot but u can see you are a koolaid drinking leftist. We will #MAGA dispite your ignorance
Coming after you Chuckie
Do you mean Trump's puppet is traveling to Buffalo?
You need to read this tweet Chuck. In NY we make more on paper but pay out more in everything! Our only real deductions are mortgage and 1/
RE taxes. If 2 people work then we don't get the full deduction because AMT kicks in. So tell me, why is the current plan beneficial? 2/
Is it because you get to screw ys some more? You do realize that people keep leaving NY because we get killed
Where are you to say NO to Constitutional Convention
How about the 6.65% state income tax, home taxes, ins, transportation, utilities, etc that affects us every damn day
That’s a NY problem other states don’t have this issue. Why should wise states pay for stupid states like NY, CA, or Illinois
Better than you raising everyone’s taxes
What about all this money tax payers lost under your watch!!
You voted for effin calista gingrich so now eff you shumer ur one of them
How about the middle class stops paying for your rich friends and lazy people that stay all life on welfare
whats your plan you have given any facts or details what wrong
It truly sucks after decades of abuse by government using grants, loans and other incentives that states can't make it on there own. SUCKS!
Good at arguing numbers, but can't seem to have time to work towards developing a good plan - obstructionist!
With lower tax rates and simplifies taxes, standard deductions become IRRELEVANT
Chuck Schumer, the man who killed the middle class and created massive overhead tax ponzi schema for generations to pay for.
You described Trump very well. Couldn't have said it any better myself. Well done. 
You are irrelevant
Nobody cares about Western NY, we care about The whole country.
If good old New York State wasn't taxed to the ceiling, this wouldn't be an issue. It's not a federal problem. It's a Cuomo problem
Fake American
Trump and pence is nothing but a racist .
Then help fix it All u do is whine
Limit amount of all deductions, don’t eliminate any of them.
Do you agree? “Schumer hated Iran deal made by Obama, but now that I am involved, he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel, Chuck!” What up?

Poorly very poorly
Hear you go again trying to use scare tactics on something you know nothing about!!! Get loss chuck we don’t need your kind anymore!!!!!
How about how YOU fucked up the state in 20 years!!! #realityisabitch
Did I mention that every time u speak U make me want 2throw up?@SenSchumer  #ChuckOff  u going 2 have ur big mouth on TV protesting outside
So u don’t think u should pay ur “fare share” of federal income b/c u choose to live in a state w/ high state & local taxes pay up chuck
Is someone gonna ask him about "hanging gays"?
Maybe if NY wasn't controlled by leftist DNC their state taxes wouldn't be so high

Eliminating deduction of tax expenditures from taxes makes federal taxes "double taxation" --> something Grifters & Oligarchs claim to hate.
Upstate NY needs to hear the impact of Trump & Repub policies on THEM.  They will b hurt the most.
He’s not wanted in my city tell him go back to Indiana
If I was closer I would set up a Protest!  Don't want that bigot anywhere near our beautiful state!  Stay home @VP
Why doesn't congress address all the travel Trump does at taxpayer's cost? All he does is golf and travel to rallies!
Keep track of how much his golfing is costing us:  http://trumpgolfcount.com 
Welcome VP Pence. Our taxes are too high. 4 of my 5 children moved from NYS because of the taxes. Dems really know how to blow through money
So just cut spending and taxes in NY. Then maybe everything North and west of Albany won’t be a ghost town
Let's face it Chuckie, you only give a damn about NY, once every 6 years. TERM LIMITS TERM LIMITS TERM LIMITS!
What have you done for upstate NY? TERM LIMITS!
You self serving piece of shit who believes a word you say!
Maybe state taxes are too high in New York? Just a thought.
NY Income & RE taxes are ridiculous. Do not raise standard deduction for everyone else because of this??? Out of touch. TERM LIMITS!
Is the trip authorized?  And will he stay and not walk out.
I am more concerned with WHY are NY taxes SO high that Federal deduction is "needed"!?!?!?!?! #
And you should keep doing what you're doing the same old thing that's why you lost
Hey Chuckie why don't you shove your false numbers up your Ass with Tax cuts you never gave Americans since you been in office
Got too hate the GOP is trying to provide real tax cuts for Yorkers
Maybe you all should put your hoodies on cover your faces and destroy your city in protest
Is there anything you tell the truth about? Do you care about anything other than the power of your Party?
Do you people ever listen to what you say
I guess there must be a Bills' game to walk out on
So u gonna return the money Harvey gave u? Inquiring minds want to know chuckie and harvey bffs

Are you sure Pence is not going to pull out if somebody takes a knee???
He can explain that at the same time Gov Cuomo explains how he put so many people out of work in upstate, rural New York.
Rich wealthy home owners might pay more yes chuck...middle class is fine..u no longer know what IS middle class
As a single woman who lived in NY 1 in a modest home..if I couldn’t have deducted my real estate and state taxes I would have been killed
But you can't take whole deduction. We get hit with AMT
He’s got to go!  #ResistanceUnited
We’ll need around 11 million people.  Here’s a great Ted Talk on successful civil protest. The magic number is 3.5% https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=YJSehRlU34w … https://twitter.com/paulreggio1/status/918547342290313217 …
As usual a dem never met a tax they didn't like. It's time for the federal govt. to learn how to live on less and let the people have more
I guess he's gunna find out how popular you aren't..
Buffalo... Chuck Schumer!
Hey, how bout lower the state taxes so NYS residents can benefit from the tax plan like everyone else in the country?
Aw! Poor little Chucky is losing his tax break!

State and locale taxes are governed by the state! Any changes to federal tax will not change state and locale tax! Stop lying sir!!!
YOU ARE A #DISGRACE TO AMERICA #PIZZAGATE
Only 30% of federal tax payers take advantage of this deduction.  And, they rich people who choose to live in dim states/cities. Who cares?
who cares about NY?
You argue that the tax plan only helps the rich. But this deduction does only help the rich. As I thought, Schumer for the rich.  Quit lying
No one believes what you spew!
Do you even know where Buffalo is Chuck?
He has no clue
Eliminate write offs to all Dem states! Good! We need fair tax for all !
Senator. Did watch 60 minutes last night?
Are the people not receiving services for the taxes paid? Why should we get to deduct? Please explain.
Hey Chuck U. If you really care about Western NY, Upstate and the Southern Teir tell your buddy Gov Andy to allow a Fracking.
come on Chuckie, stop using scare tactics. you know that these are not actual income tax amounts, it's one line on Schedule A of form 1040.
This state practically shakes us upside down for the change in our pockets. Save your BS about giving a shit about our wallets
Is there a protest planned? Because Pence apparently wants to withhold the civil rights of a family member...
Chucky... Y dont u cry again
Anyone know if there will be any protests there tomorrow? Between skeevy pence and that pos Chris Collins, I have to think there will be?
Hope the gays give him a great welcome, Ha Ha

It’s going to hit Ohio hard too @senrobportman shameful
No it won't. I'm from ohio and i say bring the tax cut.
Actually the American citizens should be planning ur elimination from public office u self serving hypocrite political hack racist
It’s congresses job to tell us what’s in bills, they create them, not the VP! Yes, your job!
as usual twisting of words and deeds!
Buffalo and it surroundings are largely middle class. We pay such high taxes that we need to be able to deduct them. Please fight for us!
Sending a shout out to my gay friends - please stay safe. The devil himself is coming to town.
Is @RepTomReed going to be there. Maybe he can explain to constituents why he supports Trump's healthcare EO'S.
He will probably leave because he was expecting to see actual Buffalo in Buffalo and mother would be upset.
1 ?, Y is it Democrats/Republicans r allowing r country to move towards dictatorship I would like an answer u r all complacent on this issue
You should propose to Levy a tax on states of 10% surcharge that have no state income tax
Why, because they don't give all their State's taxes to welfare for non productive able body people?
this means nothing, it's not actual tax dollars paid. what's the avg marginal tax rate on these? what about the reduction in tax rates?
BS reply.
are u a tax professional?
Do you know what he is saying?  More money will be paid in fed taxes without the state tax deduction. How is that helping?
What?  Whose “he?” Seriously you need to get to know how government works. There is no king. At least there wasn’t one
SENATOR THIS WAS THE ONLY WAY LEFT FOR ME TO HELP !GETTING ALL OF GOD'S POWER BECAUSE OF DIABETES! IT IS IMPOSSIBLE!
a well made visual would be nice and probably more effective than self-response tweeting #infographicshelp #itsallaboutdelivery #iread1tweet
No. No there will not be.
I'm in Buffalo now-- I'll hit the pedal a little harder to be long gone before he gets here.
GOP - Robbing Peter to pay Paul Ryan

You sure he is coming for that not hanging gay people there ?
Hey, @RepTomReed. Planning on meeting with @VP tomorrow?
He's as toxic as Trump. 2018.
Don't let them do it, Chuck!  It will hurt us in the #CapitalRegion as well.
Pence is nothing but Trumps puppet...he too lies 100% of the time..if he thinks he will be supported if he moves up, he is mistaken.
STOP LYING
You liberals started this "Pay your fair share"
Now the rest of this nation is tired of paying more than our fair share of federal taxes.
Omg. You are really making me laugh. NY and CA pay more in fed taxes than any state. Now you’ll pay more. Omg. Stop. It.
I know. You had a public education from some liberal dingbats... 
in the future, they will teach real math.
Enjoy UR blue state high taxes!
Lol. Even funnier. Thanks for all the laughs. I’m sure u had a great education. Your posts are so good. Lol.
Well perhaps you shouldn't have enacted illegal executive actions?  Unlawful.
Huh? Please stop. Troll alert.
They just want to hurt the blue states.  Who mostly support the country
... Yeah ...how come you raised our taxes Chuck ? Oh becuz thats what demorats do ?
New York will be absolutely REAMED by this ridiculous tax plan!
How so? Are you a tax professional?
We don’t want him here....
Areas where Trump is President and Pence is Vice President
Bless the Lord. They will be gone soon. See how that works.
Bless the Lord.  You own this:

Bush: Whatever you want.

Trump: Grab ’em by the pussy. You can do anything.
Typical liberal comment. You ppl love whatever is vulgar. 
No wonder you loved Bill Clinton!
That’s funny. Trumputin is the most vulgar human being ever. You’re really a comedian.
All an attempt to break blue states voting power.   Remove the deduction, people move, GOP improves position.
If a bunch of people took a knee everywhere that Pence showed up, maybe he would abruptly get up and leave. That would be reason enough.
Or they could ask for an education requirement to be able to vote!
It puts an extra 4,000 dollars in the pockets of every American. I’m not rich like you I could use 4,000.
How does it do that?  Explain. Troll.
We don't care what you have to say chuckhie.
I’m afraid ur mistaken. We don’t care what you have to say. Troll.
