Speaking of dysfunctional, what party has control of the House, Senate and WH and STILL can't get a damn thing done? Glass houses, man.
Ooh! I know the answer!
The troll party..
Formerly known as the #GOP
But a cucked kekkilled the elephant&
#RURatsmoved in
eats
Awwww poor baby
Time to man up!!
Get up off those filthy scraped knees.
Stop licking Putin's boots
Or seek asylum in RU. #Goodbye
Quit it hun
I'm from NY.
We know about trumpy.
We tried to warn our fellow Americans on this low rent con.
This RUrublelaunderer
#WhatItIs
We the people stamd united against corrupt satanic pedophiles in our congress,day of the rope is coming
oh please. she lost with or without #Russia. What about #HIllary's collusion with @cnn? She just lost. No Charisma. #CheatingBernieDidnthelp
RU hacked the vote and flipped WI MI PA FL NC to Trump. The entire admin is illegitimate and We The People know!!! Do something about it!!!
Sorry you whacko.he was voted in Fair & square. Now go back to your FAKE NEWS.
FACT: WI MI PA Trump down -4-7% 3 days prior. (PA -4% the day of!) Wins all 3 swing states by same -1%. Now go back to HEE HAW and CBN.
63 followers? Another hillbilly BOT! You will not get another response from me. Now back to your standee >> watch out for paper cuts!
But it was OK to MEDDLE in the 2015 elections in Israel AGAINST NETANYAHU ....RIGHT CHUCK ??? BTW WE THE PEOPLE are responsible for TRUMP !
The DNC WORKED WITH RUSSIA . BACKFIRED.
Obummer was prez at the time and did NOTHING.
You are American heroes...................or not.
Unless of course they want to help the Dems. Then it's full speed ahead!!!!
Now, time to investigate Hillary and the DNC over their meddling in the election to throw Bernie under the bus?
And they also seem to stand united against citizens of the USA with the health bill and lack of pushing for Impeachment of 45.
I'm glad they didn't repeal Obummer-care. Let it implode.
That was proven to be fakenews
Good to know Chuck. Please tweet links to the evidence of Putin meddling in our elections.
@SenSchumer who were the 3 in house to vote no to #sanctions?
The three that don't want nuclear war.
I respectfully disagree. What else could it be?
I'm not sure what do you think Putin would want from America.
Did you mean to send that tweet to the DNC and Obama?
We, Americans, stand with you.
Thank you for your persistence for sanctions on Russ which are well deserved!
We sure do stand against Putin! But does @realDonaldTrump ?
Translation:Only democrats are allowed to meddle in elections and collude with whom we want. We hate competition. That's the socialist way.
Yeah, that really solves the problem!
How long does he have to sign him or veto? Anyway to push him!
Right!  Meddling in other nations elections is our job!
Who were the two no votes?
@realDonaldTrump what say you?? @TheLeadCNN @CNN
sissy!
Please keep it up. Helppppp
Will 45 side w/Russia or USA? Odds are he protects Russia & "special interests". Hope you can override his Veto.
Does Trump have his pen in hand to sign this bill?
Thanks chuck
All except Sanders.
The democrats meddled in the election
Are you talking about the DNC?
Yeah start cold war again, then you better clean your own house.
Did you tell Obama he shouldn't interfere with Israel election?
Obama knew it and allowed it..Jackass

Trump WH is on 60 day notice!!!  Clean it up or ship out. The whole fricking crew. The entire WH.
If only you could get your colleagues to do the same against Trump...
Yes they did and their candidate still lost. You and Hillary got all that money from Russia and you let them down! Lukoil may pull out of NY
Now if they could do their job for the American people and not just obstruct everything President Trump does
Thank you @SenSchumer for protecting US
from disaster GOP was trying to pass as healthcare @ChrisMurphyCT @SenWarren @tedlieu @KamalaHarris
What a joyful morning. 
Breaking news this morning that Russia has retaliated but seizing 2 American buildings. All those wins, eh Asshat!!
I the president vetoes this he should immediately be impeached
if I had to choose bt Putin & @TheDemocrats , TAKE MY CHANCES W/ PUTIN
its because of you that I can NEVER VOTE FOR DEMS AGAIN
Oh come on!!! Russia Russia Russia, You Dems are so delusional!  Start working on AMERICA
Do you stand against Hillary Clinton and the Ukraine, ChuckYou? They colluded to meddle in our election. #TCOT #TEAParty #PJNET
So the 80 or so elections the US has interfered with will all tell the US not to interfere, or would if US hadn't bombed them to bits.
Democratic voter fraud has kept your corrupt ass in office.
Great leader of a great Nation. Thank you Senator Schumer. Millions get to keep their healthcare now partly because of you.
@ his ass then
lyiing diversion of what yall are really about... propaganda and money hungry elitist... drain the swamp,.. putin didn't do it.. you know it
Bin lauden ghost in the Lincon bedroom-Russian midgets dancing..SOMEONE GET A GRIP UP THERE we're covered in TRUMP'S COMMIES looking 4 NUKES
SORRY BUT THE MESSAGE TO US..THE PPL IS.."we're out of our minds..SOMEONE CALL A THERAPIST WITH DRUGS!!" so what's next now, Sadam returns?
The clear message you sent was that you enjoy wealth redistribution, don't mind Americans losing over intentionally deceptive laws.
Way to start more war!
Shumer let's hope U say the same to the "traitor" DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ!
Hell your with Putin! Traitor
You meanie! You made @SenateMajLdr cry! Who treats a middle aged #turtle in such a manner!
IRS fraud in 2016 cost legit tax payers $24 BILLIONS. WHAT ARE YOU CONGRESSMEN/women doing to correct this? $24 BILLIONS!!
REALLY.
This Senate has been railroaded by McCarthy-type Democrit jihad w a RUSSIAN BEAR, just to discredit Trump & supporters.. Call that UNITED???
Thank you Mr. Schumer. I truly pray that we can come together as a nation and take care of each other.
russia gas $300 .but usa gas $600
You are a liar. If Putin helped HRC or DNC, nothing would have come about.
You are such a phony. You jammed Obamacare in the middle of the night in 2009 and then you stand there and act like it could be fixed.
So you are all for looking into Debbie Wasserman Schultz and her obstruction and the DNC collusion ..
Exactly! But all that will be heard is crickets...
Idiot! 
#Trump is #potus BC @HillaryClinton stole the nomination over @BernieSanders not BC of #Putin,UR all Corporate stoolies. #BernieWouldHaveWon
It's going to be such a great day when your BS is exposed to the American public.  The process is called Karma.
you guys had a bad candidate don't blame Putin.
Trump is a fucking coward (like his supporters) and will not veto!
But it was perfectly fine when Obama spent taxpayer money to meddle in other countries' elections.
Except when you did NOTHING when Hillary sold him our uranium. You are aider & abettor to traitorous activities. #LyingToYourself&Us
???? First of all questionable facts there, but you're okay with trump being a traitor but not chuck schumer?
The topic isn't Trump, the topic is Chuck Schumer patting himself on the back for standing against Putin. Laughable after giving HRC a pass.
...but you guys meddled in your own election, poor Bernie was screwed by the left he loves.
Kick Trump's Commiebutt out of office.Where is McCarthy when you need him!Give him enough rope and he'll hang himself. Hopefully near future
The Democrats who blocked a key witness' testimony sends an even louder message. @TheDemocrats are in this up to their eyeballs.
@SenateDems - we stand united against DNC DW Schultz & the Awan family !
Get over the whole fake Putin message. Nobody believes you anymore
Bullshit Sir the fact that @realDonaldTrump still does not condemn the Russians speaks volumes.  We are #owned it was a #coup #resist
Democrats said it was impossible to hack an election until you lost the election.
Save our healthcare!
Unless it's moderated through the DNC on secret servers through Ukrainian Russian Proxies...you're all criminals and justice is coming #SST
now move on to impeaching Trump before Putin manipulates him and #Kushner shares the voter data ensuring more hacking 2018, 2020 and forever
We need to pass this before everyone realizes that the election hacking was done by the DNC Chairs   IT person Imran Awan not Russia
Destroying hard drives and trying to flee the country after wiring 300k overseas is completely normal planning for a summer vacation
I don't believe you are correct on this. Too many Republicans enable the Russian nonsense and are on Vlad's payroll too
Fine.Problem is, we have the results of that meddling in our election running amok in the White House.United against that too? Hope so!
#Trump is going to block this and try to change the narrative WITH NO SUCCESS.

We're on to you, Traitor Don.
You got that right & Sanders/Rand will wish they had made it unanimous.
WHO ARE YOU KIDDING?  IT WAS THE DNC MORE THAN THE RUSSIANS!
So why the hesitancy for IMPEACHMENT?  How do you figure the craziness will stop if you're willing to accept it?
Yeah how about stop meddling in other countries oooo and stop funding that racist fake state of Zionist Jews called Israel.
Yeah, meddling in elections is job of @GOP.

Tell all your followers when presented by a repub you all voted present. You all are smoke and mirrors and your glasses look stupid.
Putin could care less what the congress does, just pissing the EU off and giving Putin ammo against us.
Like voting present for single payer you all were working towards. You are cowards.
Dump Bernie, Chucky.
Americans sent a claer meassage to Dems. "Your done,  we stand united against socialism "
Do we Chuck? Do we? When its quite probable that our President functions as a spy for the Russians it has tp be unwittedly since he has none
dems are just as bad if not worse
This may be the 2nd thing I've agreed with you in. Now, will you shut it and get #Backtoworksenator ?
And after all of these months your one scrap of evidence is......?
I suppose your message is a start, albeit a tepid one.  But do Dems have a solid 50-state strategy for taking back Congress?
Not if @POTUS does not sign it
You couldn't unite yourself.
Tell your party to follow federal procedures for computer security
But it was the DNC that meddled in the election. Oh, my bad, you're talking about the story y'all made up to explain Hillary's loss.
They snuck in sanctions agaist Iran, did you not notice?
Hey #CryingChuck, Can u tell Obama not to meddle in OTHER COUNTRY'S Elections too? France(Video), Britain (#Brexit), Israel(Anti-Netanyahu)
The nerve of any US federal official to tell anyone to not meddle in someone else's election is hypocrisy at its best!
We shoulda sent that message written on the tip of a missile. Or a few of em, 1 letter per missile.
What a nothing burger  all American voters are spiesplease!- investigate the real criminals in the #DNC start with the Imran Brothers
But not against the straight-jacket-in-chief.
Oh sure!!!! 
SCHUMER IS A CRIMINAL
Right  ONLY @PutinRF could get email from high ranking Democrats! Good point Senator. https://www.legistorm.com/person/Imran_Awan/10491.html … DNC needs #BetterFairyTales
Hey chucky, Shouldn't you be after Hillary & Russia?  Where is your proof????
What about Sanders? Rand Paul?
The sanctions against Iran jeopardize that deal. Not even sure the Russian sanctions do much
There ya go chucky!
Did you send it w/ the President's assent, sir? I....don't think he agrees.
The DNC are the ones responsible for the melding, it will all come out #Arrest@Dulles
Then those Senators must be in on it with YOUR DEM meddling! Much easier to blame Russia... looking at Clinton? @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump
Hope ur right... difficult to have faith in my govt now.
And "we" Mr. Schumer stand united against politicians like you who seem to want to turn the U.S. into some socialist duchy.
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=http://thehill.com/homenews/news/343723-house-dem-staffer-arrested-on-bank-fraud-charges%3Famp&ved=0ahUKEwip1t_s3qrVAhUGOT4KHVXgAs8QqUMIJzAD&usg=AFQjCNE-sfTadRsRjSpnN396hFupqyrQrw&ampcf=1 …
Its good to see strong bipartisan work being done!
Now if the Senate would stand united for affordable health care for all Americans, and quit playing games with the most vulnerable.
Nothing about what Hillary did. She should be investigated. Debra Wasserman Schultz should be investigated WAKE UP !!!!!!!!!!!
Why are we not talking about real crimes like the DNC criminal tries to flee the country?
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=http://freebeacon.com/politics/rnc-chairwoman-calls-wasserman-schultz-testify-arrested-staffer/amp/&ved=0ahUKEwip1t_s3qrVAhUGOT4KHVXgAs8QqUMIHjAA&usg=AFQjCNFfEQDij2zUB8GyuM5roV04amoKBg&ampcf=1 …
You are fantastic!!!!!!
WHAT ABOUT OUR HEALTHCARE???
And you had to include North Korea in there to get it passed.  Laughable.
U did nothing when Obama was in office. Why now? Party politics Chuck. This is why I lose. Your party first. Really sad.
Я обречен!
WE NOW NO THE DNC COLLUDED WITH RUSSIA AND WHERE BEHIND THE TRUMP DOSSIER
Let's see if orange fat ass signs it.
Finally United about something to bad it's not the thing that helps the American ppl
you stand united in nothing but destruction of american morals.
Well senator you should've talked to Obama and Schultz. Obama covered up Russian interfering and Schultz conspired with hamas sypathizers
Thanks somebody has to stand up to this chump

And what did they do - evidence ???
#duhhhh
Meh
Still waiting for proof. Got any?
At least your end of Pennsylvania Avenue feels that way...
The senate the most dishonest payed for bunch of people in the world. To most of us this means nothing.
Too bad trump doesn't stand against Putin.
Send msg to GOP/Ryan: No Conference Committee/No Repeal. We will wait for a good plan like Congress has.
You need to do something about Martial law! #fixthisnow #impeachtrump #resist #singlepayer
Not all GOP Senators. Some are very pro-Putin. It's the money.
Keep pushing back! The majority of Americans are with you. #Resist
Good luck overriding the veto that Trump will stamp on it. I'm sure he'll be pissed that you are interfering with his bromance.
Finally unity!
@SenSchumer why was Iran included in this bill? It didn't interfere in our election and has complied with the nuclear agreement.
You mean you stand for deep state rigging elections in your favor fake tears?
NO ONE. Influenced my vote!!!
Ok, Chuck lets bomb the shit out of them !!!!
Trump voters.
Hahaha!!!!! There you go leftists, projecting again.
OMG Chuck has got to go already!! Come on!!

Except @BernieSanders & @RandPaul - why is that?
due to the fact the bill also killed Obama's Iran Peace deal if anything Obama was trying to protect Obama's legacy crazy right ?
.@SenSchumer What message did you send to the @DNC & @DWStweets for rigging the primary for @HillaryClinton?
About time!


Hahahaha you don't even have voter ID! Until you have voter ID! Investigate the DNC Ukraine etc I don't believe you!
But not so clear as to oust a treasonous president. Let's not pat the @GOP on the back quite yet Chuck!
You don't have any regard for America unless she is lining your pocket.
Thank u! 
