
7-pt Thread re GOP senators' positions on #BCRA as of 7/13/17.  Source: http://ow.ly/9d0m30dFEYr   Their Twitter adds 4 you 2 tweet!
More Chuck magic tricks to screw the people. Chuck Schumer Admits Obama Health Payments Violated The Constitution
Your pic so hard for Obamacare I disnt see you signed up for Obamacare oh wait socialism's not for the Socialist it's for the people
Bullcrap Chuck, Y should I have to pay for maternity, I'm 60? U damned dems took away our choice,& freedom so we could b your cash cow
That's not how insurance works.
Single payer ALL Americans would pay for the world's insurance cost at 25-30% 
open boarders would cost Trillions of taxes payer monies.
If U go to event without a ticket and found inside YOU Will be THROWN OUT what is the difference between USA 
NO PAPER WORK U MUST GO OUT! !
There will never be competition by insurance companies in our Healthcare System. Insurance Companies own our Government!
I agree insurance companies and Banks we bail them out every time
But it won't be near as bad as Obamacare. Can't be.
I wrecked my car B-4 I bought insurance &when I went to purchase it the Co.had the nerve to say the wouldn't fix the pre-existing conditions
YOUR OBAMACARE didn't protect us why do you suddenly care!?! YOU didn't care then why do you care now?
Where is that "bill" Chuckie?
Thank you
Just like the Dems, the Republicans have no clue on healthcare. Got out of our healthcare you do not know what you are doing.
I have chronic COPD and I say repeal it
Strange u now have compassion, while u sat back & watched ACA implode hurting working citizens & US. I'M afficted w/ lung disease.
Look 2 u?
@LNMRadio @realDonaldTrump  @SenSchumer you talk Health care ? ask the ACS why they have not ran trials on baking soda ? BECAUSE IT WORKS !!
Once again , quoting partisan organizations. Do the work of the people.
People with chronic conditions will always have higher premiums and cause my premium to increase as well. They use insurance more
#nobodycares
You gonna read it yourself or depend on others to read it for you?
Chucky you can post all the BS pictures you want but you have posted nothing that backs up your manure pile.  So nice try. #DNCHypocrites
Chuck Schumer Admits Obama Health Payments Violated The Constitution
Show us a tear Chucky boy 
Higher premiums mean they won't get paid. They don't care about patients. They want those medicaid $$s to pay the bills. That's MY money.
I wish the GOP would let Obamacare run its course and drag doqwn the DNC and the necks of Chuck crybaby Schumer & Nancy P it's there BILL
If stupidity and cruelty were chronic conditions, Republicans would've covered it in their #HealthcareBill.
American @LungAssociation says GOP #healthcare bill & the Cruz amendment don't protect ppl w/ chronic conditions: 
Where were all of the Groups when u all passed ObamaCare?o one read it just passed it Remember
Smokers with chronic lung issues deserve high premiums or no coverage at all. They brought the situation on themselves
You lost excruciatingly  in the 2016 elections because of your complete disconnect from the issues that mattered to most Americans.
Schumer ur a real bad person Stop bringing ur personal hatred 4 ur Pres public Hatred has no place here Grow up & stop being a crybaby
What's your idea Chucky boy. You don't have one. You voted for rotten Obama care. Goes to show how much you know about health care
Why should old people have to pay abortion or contraception coverage in their insurance policies?
Chuck, maybe Congress can borrow a few more Trillion Dollars from China  to pay for the gap.  Chuck the National Debt is just a number.
Democrats dont protect people of any condition...unless they're muslims or illegals...
#MAGA
Obstruction, obstruction!  I don't hear your contribution to a solution.  Mother said,"if not part of solution, part of the problem". Dems!
Misleading statement!!! No one with a chronic condition would consider taking the Cruz amendment, but it's for those younger w no issues.

Stand up for us Chuck!
Only people he stands up for are lazy takers who don't want to get ahead- therefore they support him!
Always will be takers,  you want to just let them die? Bet you do. 
Some have no choice.
@GOP #healthcareban with the Scrooge amendment did you say?
GOP plan = 74% hike in cost for coverage similar to ACA essential benefits, tax cut for high income ppl & a hit to seniors. IT'S A BAD PLAN.
DOJ announces charges against 400 people for $1.3 billion in health ...
https://www.washingtonpost.com/.../doj-announces-charges-against-400-people-for-1-3- …...
So we should just keep ACA and let you own it right? Did your parents have any children who lived Chuck? Can they use the twitterz?
Members of Senate & Congress should give up their healthcare paid for by our taxes If not give the American people the same benefits
I agree. If it's good enough for us it should be good enough for the royalty in Washington.
STOP LYING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE CHUCK!!

WE WANT YOUR PLAN CHUCK!!

STOP BEING THE PROBLEM AND WORK TOGETHER TO SOLVE THE PROBLEM!!
.@SenToddYoung
I guess any bill would not make people happy. If you were to save Obamacare that wouldn't make taxpayers happy now would it
Of course not how do you help people by taking a tax cut for yourself how
Stop lying.... Chucky ! Your scare tactics don't work !!
Losing your ins under Obamare doesn't either.  Have you put out the statistics of how many people died under Obamacare yet?
Bull, it gives the person CHOICE of plan & now if they like the stupid plan of ocare they can choose it & pay it's payment, were 20yo is not
So PATHETIC!!  THEY DON'T CARE ABOUT ANYONE BUT GETTING THEIR HIGE TAX CUT FROM THIS BILL!!!  so disgusting! so sad!!
My thanks to you & @SenGillibrand for being advocates for people's health in the face of Republican greed & incompetence.
Meanwhile,your 401k went up 17% in 6 months! If you had one!!!
Credit card companies allowed to sell across state lines, every company moved N Dakota bc they have worst rules 4 consumers.
Exactly who does this bill help?
Oh! That's right. NO ONE!!!!
Now be fair, it helps all the people that are rich enough to not need health care.
Now be fair, Snowflake, it's not done yet!!!
Really, can u point to a time when insurance dropped in cost from 1 yr to the next?
It doesn't protect anything other than their vision of gutting the poor & middle class Americans for the benefit of the ultra wealthy ones..
Explain to the rest of us why an insurance company should have to insure a boat that already sank
Trump care protects no one but his rich buddies. Sad. Wonder when Trump supporters will finally realize the impact this will have on them
Well maybe they shouldn't have smoked for 35 years
