Here we go with the 3rd world language nonsense again. This is America, not a 3rd world hell hole (yet). 
Pictures of your Dreamers:
Get out there and have a fit!!!!   Start a protest Schumer!!!!   You have the whole population of NY to stand up with you!!!!
Speak for yourself. You are not "all of New York". Illegals are in the country in violation of our laws. They are welcome to come "legally"
The daca children came here as children - have a heart!!!!!
Sir parents broke the law to get here do you know how many stories I hear out of Texas that the illegals come here just to have their child
Oh yes! It is an old trick they know very well. Despicable way to use children
Too bad they broke the law coming into our country to begin with Obama is not a lawmaker our Congress is or do you not know your job
Idem Chuck!!!
Lump that in with the cost of illegals and sanctuary cities and we could balance the budget in 2 years. Chucky gets paid for doing bad.
Do you think dreamers dream going to prison on the back of someone  who promised them that there was nothing to worry about! .-
Get rid of it. Spend the money on Americans!
Fact: you're lying. They strengthen our economy by using $3bil of taxpayer subsidies on our economy. Give it back to taxpayers to spend
DACA members should force Schumer to reform immigration system to help protect them. It is Congress' job! Not executive branch.
Howo
The DREAMer’s plight is an Obama/Democratic problem. Why don’t each of you Democrats to solve the problem take one of them into your homes?
In English, you obviously pandering useless politician.
#CriminalTrespassers
#HaveNoRight to
#ForceAmericansIntoInvoluntaryServitude
and
#NeitherDoesCongress
see #ItsNotYoursToGive
Good for you Chuck. As a US Senator don't worry about the laws of America. Worry about making sure Dims have a voter base in the future
You can't steal a dream. Quit bribing illegals for votes!!! #TREASON
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled to long in office
They are a drain on hard working Americans and must go! #MAGA
SEATTLE –  A 23-year-old DREAMer in Washington state is accused of brutally raping a 19-year-old woman?
What happened to our laws on immigration? Why don't you do the hard work of immigration reform!
They're actually a net drain on the economy. Check the numbers, Chucky.
Adious 800,000 Dreamers.As i promised  you over & over I am not going to be able to do dick shit for you.But Me promise more Fake promises
Alert Chuck - you will jump up and down and groan loud . But you won't' do a damned thing  about it .  And all your. Voters  know this.
Tell Schumer to help reform the system of immigration in America to protect u.
Stop your dam lying! You know they have drained the taxpayers, and we're tried of it!
Can we just have love and not hate?
Let's be real & honest,they are illegal and some r only trying to become legal through this program.No free scholarships for outsiders.
Oh don't forget the $500 billion it'll cost US taxpayers for continuing enabling ILLEGALS to drain our money over the next 1o years alone!
BS
Welfare to work. The unemployed would take those jobs.
keep #DACA lose #PlannedParenthood
Nothing ain't illegal here were going to stop that
No chuckles this is america press one

Press two to deport
http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/mar/19/23-dreamers-obama-amnesty-snared-criminal-dragnet/ …
Fire them so 800,000 Americans can get the jobs that beling to them and not criminals.
They want illegals to have jobs over Legal Americans! That is deplorable!
See! Poster child for English is a 2nd language! Keep pandering to your base. The hell with legal Americans!
Who typed that for you chuck
@congress needs to protect #DACA and the future of our latino communities: stop unfit #POTUS and his ideological charge against our people
We need a 50 ft wall on our Southern border and put all the dreamers on a plane and send them back where they belong with their parents
Can you cry Spanish tears? Just wondering! Might help your pandering.
Vamanos rapido
Carlitos Schumer anda con todo el dia de hoy #gringo #loco
He is Scum, don't believe a word out of his mouth! FYI  He doesn't do anything for anyone unless he gets paid to do it...FYI
Translation:  800,000 dreamers will screw you out of jobs tor the next two decades.   Schumer is what makes that giant sucking sound.
I wish a dreamer would take his job!
Chucky boyinstead ofspreadinghateabout our President doyourjobYou Dems havenot done anythingbut spreadhate thank God 2018 iscoming u are OUT
Chuck ..are you pandering to people not Americans.this is USA.Engish is spoken now.why are pandering...votes more important than votes???
start deporting illegal is illegal!
What is wrong with coming to our country legally?  Pay taxes..become a citizen and you are allowed to be apart of the USA  Asking? 

He is so stupid. I can't  believe that he has supporters that are so anxious to send immigrants away they willing to harm the economy..
But think about all the jobs that would be available for the unemployed college grads living with their parents... The parents will rejoice!
You have a huge problem with bots and trolls, block them, please.
El imperio de la ley y el imperio de la constitución La anarquía democrática de Trump
if 'niece' AMY SHUMER didn't have MONEY growing in the TRUMP MARKET right now. She'd be in your basement where she belongs 
So who's your ghost tweeter?
how LONG until you DENOUNCE ANTIFA? And 'unemployed niece AMY ?'  How's her 'Career' Doing? See what happens? Keep it up 
Trump doesn't care about the fall of economics, he clearly wants to hurt the Latino community, he proved this again and again... 
First build the wall then we can talk
Just think what an asset these young people will be to Mexico, Guatemala, El Salvador. Adios, amigos!
Hablas español de verdad Chuck, o es solo una tapadera?
I am dreaming of a day that I don't have to pay for stupid people like you in office anymore
Are these illegal dreamers or legal dreamers?
Hecho. Los ilegales cuestan mucho más de lo que contribuyen. #MAGA @SenSchumer Renuncia
STOP IMPORTING SLAVE LABOR TO MURDER AMERICANS
HECHOChuck defiende las visas de los violadores de niñas porque recibe de abogados-latinos explotados como esclavos trabajando X supuesto
DO SOMETHING!! For God sake!
They are trying but R's are majority in both houses. 
Pero habria 800,000 jobs para ciudadanos Americanos si DACA es termino?  SI SE PUEDE senor Chuck!!!
Finished they go bye bye
Mentiras de los demócratas- hablando solo para "recibir los votos de los latinos" MENTIROSOS LADRONESSerpientes Venenosas #DefendDACA
The dreamers themselves are costing America billions. Hey Chuck why don't you worry about your American legal constituents and speak English
Make English official language then complain. Dreamers cost anything to the economy but all the opposite, you troll..
No estoy de acuerdo si estos soñadores llegaron a los Estados Unidos ilegalmente. Deportarlos inmediatamente y ponerse en fila.
Tu primero, Gutiérrez...
That's GREAT we need the money now for our tax payers get help for #TexasFlood
Trumps petty obsession with Obamas accomplishments is going to ruin the lives of 800,000 Americans.
If their over 18 they don't qualify! Most become gang member's and criminals drug dealers!
SPEAK ENGLISH THIS IS AMERICA. DACA IS A DRAIN ON TAXPAYER DOLLARS END DACA NOW
English isn't US official language, make it official, then complain.
speak english chucky this is america and you are part of the problem
What? Speak English and stop pandering so your constituents can understand what you're saying.
English isn't US official language, make it official, then complain.
