You DONT care about those of us that LOST our insurance because we couldn't afford the premiums anymore Chuckie! Mine DOUBLED b/c of Ocare!
I was going to refute your claim but you're not with the effort. After tRumpcare you won't have any insurance.
Do it Chuck save our healthcare
Saving 10K deductibles and insurance that no one will take but an Emergency Room is worth saving!
But you continue to be a cheerleader!
Thx for your encouragement your why I keep fighting
It's worth fighting for. I understand your compassion just not your math skills.
Please continue to do all that you can to fight against Graham/Cassidy on behalf of ALL Americans. Thx.  Judy from Illinois.
Well we have been shafted quite a bit the last 8 years by the Democrats. No damn right for health care.
So when you're old refuse your social security okay? Social program. You don't want yo be a hypocrite.
yes these bills take a lot away from folks who need it most and still voted for Gop pres.
Have you even read the bill? Didn't know it was released. If it has then how are you the ONLY one that knows that? Sounds like spin to us.
I read a summary this afternoon, but supposingly no one can read it until it is signed? Sounds like more Schumer BS to me.
Obamacare cost more. Need all money pulled from it too
It's all about lining politicians pockets with hard earning taxpayers $$$
Everyone calls it federal funding but in the end, it's taxpayer money. Our money. How do we lose that? Who gets it?
Good
time to cut Congress's benefits and pension. They get the same healthcare as us. Clean out Congress in 2018.
Rep supported by big money. Dems are grass roots. Ignore propaganda ads Time 2 take gov't back from special interests & flip states BLUE!
Guess we can start to dig ourselves out from under the massive debt u & obama put us in
Senator Schumer you have lost credibility and should be quiet for a while
Why do you say that?
GIVE THEM THE FIGURES ON WHAT IT WILL COST WE THE PEOPLE CHUCK IF WE CONTINUE ON WITH OBAMACARE. THE PRICE IS STAGGERING.
The best coverage and cheapest solution for the taxpayers $$ is #MedicareForAll #economy @SenSanders
 This dude is still barking for socialism 
Email your senator 2 vote yes 2 Cassidy-Graham! Freedom is  most important. O-care is actually facist, forcing ins purchase or penalty
Karma is coming for you
Nice grammar
good
Iowa, you voted for trump in primaries & Cruz in caucas w/trump second. Can you now live with what he is doing?
And how much would California lose to pay for grahams state downfall? GOP bill takes money from states to cover 1% tax cuts.. fair?
That's ok us here in NY will get a tax increase, a fee, a made up parking ticket, and a fake thruway toll bill to fund it for dreamers
oh bull shit crying chuck . God what a whiner!
You want hard working people to do without to PAY for others  health care? We R not Socialist yet! U pay for it chuckle. I will NOT!
That's way less than Obamacare has caused in losses
What about the millions of US citizens who lost healthcare during Obamacare?
What do you mean OUR care? You felt ACA was good enough for us, but not good enough for you, so you opted out.
#Getoutofmyhealthcare the American government needs to get the hell out of the insurance business.
Sch will lose thousands if he fails to protect the lobbyist which have him dancing like a puppet. #MAGA @SenSchumer Resign
Get it????
Its called we have a $20 TRILLION dollar national debt & we cant give poor people free everything cuz its 'nice' cuz we will go bankrupt.
#WE tried 2...
@RandPaul @SenTedCruz we need to look at different degrees of coverage,such as prescriptions & hospital only, pay for drs, or hosp & dr only
Shut up rich white Democrat! All you want to do is control minorities. What have you done for them you clown?!
REPEAL NOW, FREE MARKET WILL HANDLE THE NEED WHEN YOU GET OUT OF THE WAY!
So, that means you should dig into your dirty pockets & help a girl out fool. Don't just stand there living up to your nickname crying chuck
what type of health insurance do have? Are you willing to give up your posh health insurance, that the American people pay for?
Blah blah blah old Chuckie boy liar
Take it away from the lawless people in CA and give it to the hard working people of Iowa problem solved
Stop lying.
Where is the amazing, cost saving, premium lowering Bill from the DemoRats?? Didn't think so #YoureAJokeChuck
We are Local Gold Miners, located in Republic of Mali, seeking for gold  buyer on a regular supply for long term  aziz19bc@gmail.com
How?
If trump care saves that much across the board were way ahead shukmer
Well damn that's all of $172.34 per person. Do u know what fiscal responsibility is? Have u  ever managed a budget. I'm tired of paying 32%
Commie can't stand the thought of not spending other people's money.
& the problem is?
Chuck, you are real good with statistics, but what the hell are you doing about it?
@SenGrassley Iowa would lose $525 million in Federal funding. #ProtectOurCare
I asked the same thing, waiting. I can't imagine we have that much federal funding for insurance to begin with. We are not a bankrupt state.
Hey Chuckie you do realize don't believe you  you liked one two many times your creditability is gone.
Americans are tired of paying for the lazy fat overweight smokers who stuff their fat faces them claim its every one elses fault.
Its cheaper and better care here. Instead dems pander to those who cant afford care because they have chosen to harm themselves.
Single payer does not work. They hate the care. Why do you think canadians come her for health? Its called free markets.
Fuk medicare for all. Single payer is the death of this country. Its not a civil right or constitutional right. Get a job!!
@ChuckGrassley @SenJoniErnst Please note the loss of funds that would be devastating to Iowa and vote NO to protect your constituents.
That's a lot of people the government has to support. How long can we do that? Sounds like the Dems wants to raise taxes. #abetterdeal right
There in lies the problem government funding. What about free market solutions?
Put that n lives not $$ no comparisons
Doesn't the parliamentary rules say 60 votes needed since defunding PPH is part of this bill?
Congress has until Sept. 30 to pass a bill with 51%, without it going through Senate, where it would require 60%.
This has nothing to do with Trump, its called obamacare for a reason . 100% FAIL
Senator, wouldn't this be funding they didn't have in the first place?
Fantastic
#SaveACA
Everyone who wants Universal HealthCare like EU please respond:
"I Agree to Pay 40% Federal Tax".
Posted 7+ times already and still no takes
Sen Schumer clear your thoughts are with the Dem party. We look for your leadership to make change not speeches. #Healthcare #GrahamCassidy
Chuckie chuckie chuckie....are u positioning to be ON THE SIDE of IOWA folk? They know ur just looking for votes in 2020. C right thru u
When you talk, we hear blaa blaa blaa, blaa blaa
No, healthcare needs to change and not replaced with a half baked idea called Obama care...
Where is all this "Federal Funding" coming from?
Protect Our? Care... you get taxpayer subsidy WE don't. Tally up what the taxpayers shell out for #CongressCare #RemoveExemption
OPPOSE this new attempt at repeal. Why are you not signing onto single payer bill proposed by Sanders and Gillibrand? Where is your voice??
Single payer would bankrupt the nation.
What's in @SteveKingIA portfolio? 
All Congresspeople need to show #TaxReturns and personal investment interests. Something stinks. Bad.
Anything Chuck says is a lie! Starting with there is no such thing as Trumpcare!
No ACA Repeal!
Why murder millions?

DUMP Corrupt Profeteering Trump Pence Ryan McConnell all GOP Dem Reps voting ACA repeal.
Well duh. They voted for Trump the con.
WHAT IS THE NUMBER-CHUCK-$525.   OR $823.00 ?????
Graham-Cassidy does your plan allow for expanded Medicare coverage?
Does your plan allow for all low income Americans to afford insurance?
It sends the insurance back to the states where it belongs.
That's a good thing Chuck. This is EXACTLY why we taxpayers can't afford single payer. I know u don't understand this because U leach tax$
ACA just got a great report card. My insurance company did not use all of the 80/20 option. Owes insurers a rebate.
Cassidy-Graham we need more time to hear more details.
No need to be in such a hurry to repeal The ACA.
All ACA providers have left my state. That is a concern for getting something done in a hurry for me.
#ProtectOurCare #notoTrumpCare
$20,165,466,677,134.71 (+) #NationalDebt
Hey Chuck! I lost my Cadillac plan and my Doctors. I can't afford the shitty plan I have now! I don't care about anyone else losing plans
FROM ILLEGALS? THEY SHOULDNT GET IT ANYWAY. THE THING IS NO ONE WILL BE FORCED TO HAVE IT. I SAY ROCK ON WITH GRAHAMS IDEA
We need you to please listen to your States people and the people of the USA and save our Health Care, the ACA. You work for US(A).
Iowa favored Trump by 10 points. They asked for this. If Red States keep voting vs themselves then they own it. But don't ask for help later
Yeah but wealthy Iowans would save $525M in taxes for that trickle-down economics fantasy.
We thought you and Nancy had the "Magic Touch"! Have a little secret talk with the President.
The democrats solutions aren't any better
Yes...taxpayers will no longer be over burdened paying for expensive health care that enriches insurance companies... while benefits decline
When U.S. is $20 trillion in debt more states/govt agencies need to lose  percentage of funding or fed will continue nonstop deficits.
What's the H.R. Number. Let's go read this.
GOP loves killing the poor & disabled. Children are only a concern in the womb.
If we regulate the price of pharmaceuticals from price gouging then these cuts would save millions.
But wait your $?
What is you solution ?? Your just all mouth  and no ideas  !!! You can't do the job  -  RESIGN NOW !!!!
Does that have to do with socialism?
What care? The only people who can afford Obama Care are those who aren't working. Repeal and replace ACA.
Iowa? I thought you represented New York? Running for President already?
Fantastic
For crying out loud Chucky, ya gave to cut money somewhere! YOU, Pelosi and Bernie if it's not Free it's no good!! Your not paying for it!
I love you Man!
Time to cut spending anyways. You know we are over 20 trillion in debt. I know dumbocrats never want to talk about that
Iowa will lose $525,000,000 in federal funding under GrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #NoRepeal #NoReplace #NoTrumpcare
Due to the ACA, I lost my health care and doctors. AND my costs went up. The ACA and its lies that support it must end!
Stop them Chuck
How about you stop being influenced by Big Pharma.Trumpsters who didnt vote 4 private insurance to return but2challenge the 1% should be mad
Ohhh, give it a rest Chuckels. It's time to get back to a system that works, "capitalism".
Is it Iowa loses federal funds or is it that the American tax payer wins?
How do we lose @SenSchumer? We would save $Billions
What are you talking about? I love it when Congress does nothing. If they're doing nothing, they're doing nothing harmful.
Which would you prefer? Congress making things worse, or doing nothing? Action for the sake of action is always bad.
Under Sen Sanders Plan every American would lose their private health insurance; u need to come up with a plan to save or replace Obamacare
That's a lot of tax dollars saved
your so full of it Schumer why only one Iowa effected by the Cassidy-Graham healthcare bill while the 49 other states ok in less fed funding
Your back to lying again about the new health bill.Just like you lied about obamacare.Graham Cassidy will not pass It keeps obamacare parts
This bill does NOT solve the healthcare problems of the nation. Better/worse not the issue. Write a bill that SOLVES the crisis.
How do all the voters who elected them feel about that I wonder.
Suspicious of Schumer posting this without any backup to show where he got the numbers.
So what your last 7 tweets said is "Taxpayers save nearly $5 Billion on plans with sky high deductibles many can't use anyway."
Good. Not enough cuts in federal funding. Ethanol subsidies next
Take note all you brain dead socialist supporters, congress doesn't have obamacare now ask yourself why.
You guys wrote that bill, Trump did not write it. Nice try
Exactly
just how much is Obamacare losing ? over the whole country?
Must be using #CommonCore math.
Go GOP, SI SE PUEDE!!!!
OC always sucked.  Millions scammed out of money to support others. We already have govt healthcare for the needy, it's called Medicaid!
Iowa Republicans don't care about the poor --- they think they vote Dem.
Let's stop the bull, Obama overthrew our healthcare for goverment control can you say socialism chuck, you dems fool no one.
Where does this Federal Funding come from Chuckie? That's right the TAXPAYERS...
u pick up the slack chuckie
Hey chucky!! Or the how my premiums went from $500.00 a year to $6000.00 but I know it was done on purpose to go single payer plan!
#MedicareforAll
we are not a socialist country.We do not want government controlled healthcare
What if you were unemployed and in need of healthcare to get back on your feet?
Stop with the ridiculous rhetoric and do your job !!
Obamacare: 2016 figures 27 million uninsured, 21 million (79%) were U.S. citizens and you want to keep this?
Wants insurance lobbyists ! Plain & SIMPLE MINDED!
Chuck and Democrats only plan is obstruction .
Good!!  It's time to reign in "federal funding" (i.e. reduce spending). Chuck, how did your grand (grand)parents make it without the govt.?
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP #Trumpcare in disguise is still garbage and heartlessness! Work with Dems!
You cared NOTHING about #protectourcare when you passed massive tax bill #ACA and MILLIONS effectively LOST coverage
the taxes went so the refugees and low income get it for free
And illegals
Well maybe Iowa is mismanaging their federal tax dollars
I do not like that Graham new sham
I do not like mean snakes who scam
I do not like them on the Hill
I do not like them in a bill
#TrumpCare

Listening to Schumer
Gives one a tumor
Here's his shill
A pricy pill
Lobbyists in his pocket big money on the floor!
Sign @SenSanders #MedicareForAll Bill and be done with nonsense like this. Stop dragging your feet! Support your constituents not Insurance!
Do you even understand what this means or you just see the word free?
Obama care will SKYROCKET costs and single payer is even worse. Pathetic DEMagoguery. Work for ALL the people. Partisan hack.
That sounds about right for the GOP
$40 day for jury duty? This is below minimum wage. You come take my place
You mean you will lose kickback money if this passes. You cant have you income lowered now can you? that is assume
Add up all these savings your posting would certainly help us working folks out, right!
Please support the bill Bernie Sanders is putting forth, Medicare for all
Just like you sanders supporters communism for all , move to a socialist country.
This is weird. The red states get hurt the most.
 Almost like they're really not red.#HackedtheVote
Yep. #unhackthevote
Haha #ProtectOurCare...Our "Affordable" and imploding "Care" is not worth saving...#BTW #ItIsInsuranceNOTCare
Chuck, endorse #MedicareForAll Join @SenSanders 

Why don't you support?  Could it be large sums of money from Insurance Co's?
Thx Chuck. I'm tired. I don't get why we have to keep repeating this fight. Why does half of congress hate us and WHAT ELSE CAN WE DO?
Obamacare is running the country broke and not getting health care
FYI- I have not been able to use my BCBS policy for ONE thing this year!  $1229/mth prem $6550 ded Have gotten prescriptions cheaper w/o it!
Please retweet. New Trumpcare reform of ACA is worse than the last one. No preexisting conditions. Call Washington now 202-224-3121
OC too high for millions. Single payer comes out of tax payer money run by the govern. I would rather pick my own & get govern out of HC
Are you opposed to Medicare?
Yes...with multiply the fraud by 6X with #MedicareForAll and you lose roughly $480Billion a year...and spend $3.6T?
If one payer system, reimbursement less complicated. 
What is cost of paying for non insured?
Nothing. Everyone gets billed and loses so much. It is just unfortunate. I wish there was a perfect answer.
What do we lose by covering Americans with healrhcare?
Our country...It is not fiscally possible to sustain as a Nation this size.  They are playing you for your vote...Sorry to inform you.
I am not being played.
There is no reason the wealthiest nation in the world can not cover it's own citizens.
Since 45 said we would all have better and more healthcare, why don’t we just ask him to make up the difference personally? #resist
Maybe if dems would stop blocking and supporting communistcare we could move forward.
Good. Give that money back to the taxpayers!
& rep steve king could care less--let them eat ethanol
A tweet storm of Foolishness
Iowa needs to know that Chuckles now represents them and doesn't need no stinkin' vote from Iowa.
Time to get behind #MedicareForAll. Have CBO compare it to status quo that costs more, enriches few, and covers less. @SenSanders
Full goverment control is communism, are you for real ?
Get to work Senator...it's time you stop this. Americans are getting tired of this crap.
Not ok
this does not come from the president.Democrats taxed obamacare so the refugees and low income and illegals get it for free.
Healthcare is NOT an inalienable right nor in Bill of rights. #Repeal Get GOVT OUT OF HEALTHCARE
If you spent this much time doing research on actual good healthcare, the stuff wouldn't be falling apart like it is now!
STOP the race wars! Be good citizens, follow all laws and love one another.
So when are the dimms going to have a plan. We have seen how well your Obamacare has done.
