What No tears or "Heartbroken" ? Oh, sorry, I forgot, U Never cry tears or feel heartbroken for AMERICANS! #ANTI AMERICAN
Someone needs to have a chat with this guy Thune ...
What an asshole. He’s responsible for making himself such a big target. https://www.rawstory.com/?p=1135650  via
Keeping families is our hearts and the victims in our thoughts and prayers will not stop more terrorist shootings! Action needs to be taken!
Try honoring the victims and their families by passing common sense gun control measures. Be the leader your constituents elected you to be.
And then you'll be using this as an excuse for more gun control
Please get the Dems to act on gun control NOW.
Will the millions of aborted babies come back and speak of planned parenthood in the same way?
Chuck - get off your ASS and stop the gun madness!!!! Say no to assault rifles. Good grief man. Do your job!!! Protect the citizens!!
There are no words anymore to try and understand such devastation. My heart and prayers to the Las Vegas victims and everyone hurting.
Keep them in some god damned legislation instead. #PutTheNRAonTheTerroristWatchList
That goes without saying, almost babble at this point. What will you do now & tomorrow to enact common sense gun control! Stop the NRA!
Yet again you talk and take no action. Congress is failing in it's most basic responsibility to protect the American people. #fedupDandR
And why not gun control in your minds?! We manage cars-seat belts-can't scream Fire in crowded spaces-why no gun mgmt?!#NRAOwnsGOP
Why don't you try gun legislation instead.
You could care less Schumer
I am tired of hearing this, it’s like a copy paste job at this point among you all.Put up strong candidates in 2018. Fix this, enough.
Sad not enough. Action on regulating now!!


"And also pass gun control laws to make it less likely this happens again." You left that part off.
Will you also try to actually do something? #thoughtsandprayers won’t stop there from being more victims!
Quit being sad and do something! Stop this craziness!!!
Prayers ain't gonna cut it. Is there anything else our leaders (you) can do?
LV shooting was a political operation. Planned, selected venue, lg. amt. of guns, shooter kills self. Smells to high heaven!
Thoughts, hearts, prayers are not enough. STRONGER GUN LAWS NOW! Reject the NRA silencer bill. #RememberSandyHook
Time NOW for a discussion on GUN CONTROL and not a moment of silence.
Welcome to America, where psycho/sociopaths have the legal right 2 buy assault weapons, murder/maim, all sanctioned by the NRA, Repub party.
Or voted in as democrat senators
Enough with the thoughts and prayers. Do something. Start by refusing NRA money.
I’m pretty sure chuck schumer doesn’t take nra money. Moreover nra would never offer him money cuz they hate him for pushing the Brady bill
Maybe you should do a little more. You know, like common sense gun control legislation? You're a goddamn SENATOR. Do more. Do better. Now.
Hey Chuck, How is your fellow "tribesman" Harvey doing? Is he Weining? The "Awakening" is here and it is time for all of you to be exposed!
We did it before with your help. We can do it again. Please.
Stop w ur BS & attack the NRA.Have u no shame?
Time to stand up  to the NRA.  Sandy Hook ...  Orlando ..... Las Vegas ..... when will Congress do the right thing ?!
Keeping the victims in your heart does nothing if you won't vote for gun reform. Actions speak louder then words senator. Grow a spine
exhausted. what is congress doing? permits/background checks for all guns, period! gun ownership shouldn't be like going to the drive thru
This is so so sad, I live in Vegas don't knw how anyone could get a weapon like that discusting, what law can stop this NRA THANKS
Congress needs to regulate guns and that nut Trump. These people are DEAD because of RUMP 45.
See what you have created with your resist
Ask god save as we praying for our people lost god bless them god bless America
Don't want your sadness. Want your ACTION. Read this: "It took one massacre: how Australia embraced gun control after Port Arthur"
Of course they're in our hearts, but I want legislation making this less likely to happen anywhere.
With all due respect sir .. sadness is not enough
Please do something!
Senator Schumer, I call on you to lend your voice in protest, for the sake of stronger #guncontrol laws. What I ask, PROTEST RIGHT AWAY!!!
I know that you dems will use this evil act to take our guns away shame on u, people kill people not guns..
Society must detest such behavior, rather than exalt, to mold a peaceful community. God bless America, down with "anything goes" liberals.
With gun control needed/passing of #CHIP program/decimation of ACA/ignoring Puerto Rico, #GOP and DJT have AMERICAN BLOOD IN THEIR HANDS.
Gun control. We need revised laws. Close loopholes. 
#LasVegasShooting
Congress must ACT. The time for prayers, thoughts, moments of silence is OVER. Stand up to the gun lobby. Stand up to the NRA!
GOP is party of assault weapons, no healthcare, bad schools,bad science and rich assholes! What will Dems stand for? Not tomorrow, NOW!
Take them out of your heart and put them in a goddamn bill to ban once and for all the kind of weapons that make this happen.No more talk!
Actually, the killer was part of antifa & several Trump hate groups. They posted his FB & twitter sites. Look em up.
Gun control
What would have happened if he had a silencer on his gun? Congress can not pass that bill. @BruceandPamela
When American hating Democrat breaks the law buys a full auto and kills hundreds of peaceful Americans thanks Chucky this is on you
Democrats are facilitating and orchestrating these shootings so they can cry about gun control. He was a will paid off robot of the left.
THANKS FOR YOUR SINCERE SENTIMENTS>>HEART-ON!
How have the Dems given up on #GunReform?this should not be happening in a civilized country. #BanAssualtRiflesNow #CommonSenseGunReform
Enough is enough!  Time to stand the hell up to @POTUS @GOP and @NRA.  
Or, how about some kind of parliamentary approved #Resistance in the Senate chamber? Some kind of act of outrage? Anything?
Time to act. Not talk. Time to push to get money out of politics. (NO NRA DONATIONS). Time to ban guns. Total ban. Time to save future lives

You and your vitriolic rhetoric is why this crap is happening.
Thanks to you & the Democratic Party causing HATE in our country is the reason behind this kind of injustice. Paying people to protest also!
I know GOP likely will block, but Dems need to try to do something about this. Thoughts and prayers are not enough.
But also do something to prevent this from happening so much, how many Americans have to die before you say ENOUGH! #GunControl #NRA
DO SOMETHING!
We must start acting! Insanity = doing the same thing and expecting a new result. US gun laws are nuts. They need to change!
Not one word from the NRA.
We're a big country. While it's a time for grieving, it can also be a time for action. We can operate in parallel. Take action, Chuck!
What action would you suggest he take?
No, you need to DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. Thoughts, prayers, warm feelings accomplish ZERO.
When is enough, enough?
Stop with the in our hearts bs! Stop the #NRA and promote #GunControlNow! GOP wants to add silencers.
Push sensible gun laws and no silencers
Not good enough.  Introduce sensible gun legislation now and get those opposed on the record.  You are the majority leader, LEAD! Thank you
Minority leader.  GOP has the majority, hence lots of problems!
Agree, but Schumer introducing legislation can get those opposed on the record.  Just because we are in the minority, we are not powerless
Very true!
Common sense gun legislation please.
Would you like to give example, instead of repeating talking point. Give one example not in to thousands already on books
Gun Control Begging U end this growing nightmare.We don’t need muskets anymore.I support Dems Pls lead reform,removal.
So all but criminals should be unarmed?
But will we do anything about it
#DoYourJob
Howzabout you bring some legislation forward from that heart where you're keeping things? My Senator, for petes sake.
Bra should stop giving so much money to the hill ppl and maybe we can stop the sale of these guns.
N R A
What about taking on the NRA?  At what point do we say enough?
Look for our graphic shortly-About 50 MILLION to @GOP  vs $100,00 for Dems
But thx for the false equivalency
Too bad GOP in Congress only legislate for the NRA. Take back the Congress. VOTE 2018.
Thank you for being decent, unlike Hillary who stood on the corpses calling for gun control. She is shameless.
Past time to pass much better regulations on guns. "A well regulated militia....."
Your sadness demands ACTION. Stand up to the NRA cowards. Demand #GunControlNow
Wow, so brave!!11 How about doing something real in your position of power, other than “prayers” and “thoughts”?
Thank you. Now do something about it. Legislate. Thoughts are worthless blather without legislation.
This is an American  white terrorist! 
Created by the NRA. Call it a Terrorist Act- not a mass shooting!
Senator Schumer, what are you going to do to make sure this never happens again?
Take the NRA to task! No silencers! That would make this worse!
Hey Chuck, Another fake, staged shooting using paid crisis actors. Chuck and his "Tribe" want to take away our "Gun Rights". Wake Up!
How about tightening gun laws? Borders don't need walls but our gun laws require bans for users re: mentally challenged access, silencers
Chuck, legislation makes a bigger difference than being deeply saddened.
Filipino Isis
Bot alert 
Not good enough, Chuck.  Get to work.
Why did it take so much time for you to tweet schumer? Why didn't you tweet this when it happened?
Its Demacrats fault stop your residence an UNIT
Why don't you call out the @gop for the murderers they are.
@DNC  Amen & remember! 
They who justify the wicked by  condemning the innocent, they are like an abomination to the LORD. (PROV 17:5)
America is LIVID at Democratic ingrates who are selling the SOUL of our country to the devil. Deal with the SOURCE of evil vs. the symptoms?
Let's do something about this senseless cowardly crap. Everyone says is you are in our thoughts and prayers. HOllow words. HELP SENSCHUMER.
I haven’t seen that you and the left #CNN fake news blame Trump for this. At least not yet
That's not enough. Congress must act. Ban assault weapons. Advocate for common sense gun laws. Expand access to mental health treatment.
Define assault weapon. Name one common sense law not on the books already.
CHUCK, how soon before you politicize this incident? If you are saddened, you will keep your trap shut!
Why am I thanking God that the shooter is a white male?!?! 
Because that's how screwed up America is!!! 
#TrumpBreedsHate #AbolishTheNRA
As a mother from Sandy Hook said, this is on Congress...thoughts and prayers are not enough...
Is Schumer sooo stupid he does not see a pattern here?
Please keep trying with gun control legislation. Propose a new bill. It's the only thing that will change anything.
You and your party allow this to happen by letting these terrorists in this country and you allow this for votes.
Impeach Trump
Then why do you and your party want to let more of these subhuman savages in this country?
Time for everyone to #CalmDown
How about insisting @GOP squash silencer bill?  Show Americans they care about safety over allegiance to @NRA goons! #Gaslightingamerica
Do something
well thank God trump changed the executive order so mentally ill can buy a gun it makes us safer
#ResponsibleGunControl 
To all Republicans:
It. Is. Time. 
#GunControlNow @GOP @HouseGOP #PrayingforVegas
If Congress is saddened why are they pushing a silencer bill? The ppl's right to breathe should trump the blood money they accept from NRA.
Do something
Not enough
Stop the hate ,God bless the families of the victims,how terrible,so sad
Do something.
and? what will you do, Senator? politicians create policy. introduce a bill to stop this from ever happening again. #GunControlNow

Ban Assualt weapons & automatic rifles Yes it's the warped mind of shooter but if you can't get em you can't use em Only police & military!
"89 Shots" http://penthere.com/2016/07/89-shots/ …
Just words, Chuck. What about some action to go with them?
But what actions will be taken to reduce access to these guns? How much money will anyone in Congress or Senate TURN DOWN from NRA??
House slated to vote this wk to ease curbs on silencers  makes it harder  to detect source of gunfire in mass shootings #gunsense
@SteveScalise - imagine if you couldn't hear the gunshots.   Do the right thing.

I’m sad too but please step up the conversation to prevent this from happening again.

Would be far better if they were alive, home with families, able to say “good morning”!
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled don't care American families and democratic care about them self only
Are you kidding? Where is your rage? Keeping your rage in your heart? What good are you? What are you going to do to stop this? SHAME
Vote for sensible gun laws.
Another Dem lost his mind because Hillary lost keep up your hate and the divide of this country this is on you Chuck
Maybe so many shooters have been liberals because they think they will start a revolution by killing some people?
The last guy to shoot a Congressman was a Democrat. Would Democrat control have made a difference?
Maybe instead of platitudes y'all could enact some gun control legislation?
Orrrr.. Crazy idea, you and your reps could do something instead of thinking warm fuzzies at the problem. Thoughts and prayers won't cut it
Tell your fellow Democrat thugs to stop playing politics & using PR mayor as puppet--let ppl have access to TONS of relief supplies US sent
What you need to do is propose legislation to ban assault weapons,This will be at least one way to minimize these mass shootings.
I cannot legislate this out of existence, but you can. #GunControlNow
Way past time for sad, get this country some gun control!
Come on Chuck you could care less. Just the face time you’ve craved for years. Your an embarrassment to men.
Run for president.
Thank you sir, but we need more gun control.
Make sure it is not another Bernie supporter
Take half the time u spend protecting ur sanctuary city and put it towards gun control! But then again, eh wtf do that, that would actually be helping Americans and not your financial interests
 #GodHelpUs #pray for #vegasshooting victims & families.

Translation: we now have what we need to broker deals via gun control pressures...
Your body language shows you to be a lying twit....
Fight for gun control, now!!!!!! 
Understood. But I think we need to emphasize this with the majority party. @GOP has let NRA make its decisions, to our detriment.
DO something about it. Words are comforting but action is live-saving
says a BS  Artist!!!!
Great Chuck. How about done gun legislation? Get it out there and prove the GOP has no morals or concern for the public.
You have to do more than pray and keep people in your thoughts. You have to take action against gun violence.
You are in a position to lead in sane gun control. Please do more than offer condolences.
We need to make sure we can be armed at all public venues we also need to have national carry permit good in all 50 states
Do something about gun control chuck
You sir have no credibility no one beleves for 1 minute you care
Instead of the thoughts and prayers again and again how about you and your colleagues pass a damn gun control law?????
And stop taking money for your campaigns for the NRA
As are we all. Now stand up to @GOP  @NRA and make it stop. #25thAmendmentNow
You should be! This is your and main stream media's fault with all your constant hate and race baiting.  You SHOULD STOP IT
I'm tired of there only being condolences after every attack. Do something!
How about some gun control?
Those people died because worthless politicians like yourself continue to choose #NRAterrorists blood money over gun control. #MeltThemDown
how about gun control senator
I hope TRUMP doesn't use this American Tragedy as an excuse not to visit the Puerto Rico tragedy
I would like to ask our Media , Congress , MSM and all America to stop the radical Division of out Country . Time to close the gap. PRAYING
Need federal action on weapons!
Reinstate the assault weapons ban...would this guy have had these weapons if we didn’t put expiration dates on legislation like that?
Yes he would have them. Smarten up criminals don’t obey the laws you know know that by now
Not good enough, Senator. We need solutions, not thoughts and prayers and "keep(ing) the victims...in our hearts."
He said only what Trump did where's the flack for Trump?
Maybe chuck if you do something for this Country that is positive for once ! shit liked it won’t happen maybe
Food for thought..
