YOU STOLE $600b from Medicare & SS to fund MARXIST programs to buy votes.Thieves! Require yourselves to use O care; you exempted yourselves!
So approve this bill - the rich will pay much more - will no longer be able to deduct state paid taxes.
How about no tax cuts for the top 10%?
Not saying much about the record Stock Market, are you? Just the usual negative BS that is non ending! Are there any bonuses for best lies?
The rich not only pay their fair share, they pay almost everyones share.  #BootOfTruth
How did they get rich? Through the
taxpayer funded infrastructure! Unless they were born into it,but,along the way,there was US support!
Maybe they worked for it?
Ask the MeThuglicans about those cuts.
I can spell. Maybe you don't get it. Let me help. Republicans=MeThuglicans.
P.S. Studies show grammar cops are A-holes.
"the share of pre-tax income going to the top 1% increased from 8.9% to 15%."
Do you want us all poor? There will always be a top 1%.
Chuck, Gerrymandering has been making the news. What is your official opinion?
His position is what it always was. Gerrymandering is a crime against AMERICA, unless it's the democrats doing it.
Four richest counties in the country are inside the Beltline.  You're not allowed to refute ANY tax cut.
Isn't everything?
Because you're racists
All should pay something, now over 51% pay no fed tax and get 60% of handouts. Why work? Stop trying to buy votes!
IT PASSED !!!
They don't need to compromise with Dems since none of u willing to compromise then u get no say!Obstructionism leaves u out of conversation.
Why shouldn’t the top 1% get a tax cut?  The last time I checked they were Americans as well - stop the class warfare!
Since when do Dems care about adding to the deficit? Debt when Obama was sworn in: $10.6T. Debt when Obama left office: $19.9T
Doesn’t seem that there is much that can be done about it.  Huge cuts to EPA and State Dept, must vote NO!
The White House is trying to rebrand the term “the 1%” to mean soldiers. So pathetic!
Focus! Pass tax reform!
Way to GO! Dems, stay solid and United!
. @SenThomTillis and @SenatorBurr, I’m with the @SenateDems on this one. No Medicare or Medicaid cuts so your donors in the 1% get tax cuts
For us, the debate on the GOP budget is black & white. @SenateDems say: 
I just tired of the total disrespect to the American Perple. We built a great Nation, average people, then greed and entitlement its sad!
Please fight for the people!!
Yours is spend spend spend light drunken sailors.
We'll see....
Stop pretending to care about the middle class. We all know the welfare class are the ones who keep electing you stooges.
Of course for you it's black and white.  Your party has been segregating for the past 200 years...
Only a Sith deals in absolutes.
You hypocrites!! Tighten your belt. Tax cuts are paid for by reducing your budget. You irrelevance is growing day by day. No Communism here!
If you take 1% of 1 million its 10000
Left 900000
If you take 1% of 20000 its 200
Left 19800
Raising families 
?????????????
I pay my own share
Just a halfway decent lifestyle does not equal greed and jealousy seriously!
Just how much do you need before your generosity and compassion returns?

Absolutely agree
I urge the Democrats to demand real tax reform. Make it easier and more fair for all Americans.
Such a hypocrite. You want to keep the SALT deduction yet you spew your 1% dogma? Just stop. Never seen such a DEMagogue EVER.
DO NOT LET THIS HAPPEN
GET IT DONE!!
We need to cut Medicaid and leave the top 1% alone they pay most of the taxes.  Medicaid is single handedly killing NY
STAND OUR GROUND!!
Please protect the ground you stand on. This is your only chance. What is money if the ground is destroyed? Save the planet 
Sure it is because no new taxes on working American citizens to pay for all the giveaways u want to give daca & illegals We see u no more
DACA pay taxes.. please stop spreading lies.
This is what happens when dems don't understand the economy.
Go help the middle class! NY taxes are one of the highest, and you don't think tax reform is needed!
Why are there estate taxes, didn't those people pay tax on that money once! According to Dems we need to pay again!
Really
#GOPTaxScam : Lies, Lies, Lies, Lies, Lies, Lies, Lies, Lies, Lies. We're on to you, MoCs from #PA06 #PA07 #PA16. https://buff.ly/2ynpZZ0  
Go do your job.
When was the last time Dems proposed a tax reform? They were too busy increasing our debt!
If they raise my taxes the government will have to pay my bills as even with 2 jobs I can’t afford it
This is shit! They make you eat dirt and then ask you to pay for the energy that they make by destroying your land  and then some more
That's what you tell America but, turn around and do the exact opposite!
How about a balanced budget? You're going to have to cut spending someday - and the sooner the better.
It's always tgast way with democrats,  just being an obstructionist
Simple obstruction. Your party is the problem. Maybe one more election will get this through your head ! Shameful !
SO simple. yet so difficult.
Black and white is everything thing about race with you Chucky. The dems are just being obstructionist again they can't #worktogether
Drag feet on Budget ,then no Tax cut for Rich & No Cuts on Healthcare to pay for Healthcare  Easy fix 
You dems are atrocious.
You have the GOP on ropes and actually just need to apply slight pressure.. Calculated:Tax CUTS will Implode the Trump/Working-class base..
I understand what you are saying here..However,last 8 years that format was never followed.If one carries hate..carry it elsewhere.
GOP said Kansas would be a model for the nation. It failed. They made the argument for you. Use it.
Republicans are not a governing party.. Transparency has killed the party... They can only be what they are.. OBSTRUCTIONIST..
Exactly. 8 years of capitalizing on falsehoods and ignorance created this. The fall didn't start with Trump, that's for sure.
No charts.  Your messaging is getting better.
Cut and dried ..no filters ..no decoy...no ruse ..no con ..no tax cuts for the 1%!
Until we learn to give and take we will need to search and elect new people to replace you.
This president and his pals like Spencer are poisonous and are destroying our country. Their rhetoric is blasphemy to the American creed.
Dems please fight back.  Do it.
Thanks Pam, I fully agree. Please have an agenda focused on clean energy and independence from the oil. This will save the world 

PRICELESS!
For us Americans this is black and white. This is being exposed and your hypocrisy with it.
We see you. Thank you to the ones always ready and willing to listen & respond to the needs of our American Community!
The needs of the American community are the protection of their resources. Love country and love your land.
Everything is Black against White to y'all
This is why you lose. Life isn't black and white. It's gray. Unlike your thirst to steal our $, which is dark and evil.
