Hey Bob, I thought you were behind bars for rape.... How did you get off??? 
Ah yes more of my money to NYC. Cut times. Let NYC be liberal utopia and the rest of the state will flourish.
Blah blah blah
Well i guess you guys have to create jobs so people can pay the highest taxes in the nation. Get the largest welfare recipients to work
Lmao, isn't it the infrastructure that would destroy our budget. You guys are delirious. Funny, but delirious
Where will you cut spending?
Bad because run by Dems in government with no accountability.
You should be worried it's only support his deep pockets
You Democrats seem to be dummer then a box of rocks.
I guess you were ok with the budget deficits Obama had each year bringing our debt to nearly 20 trillion.  You can't hide your past votes.
Please raise your fares so the rest of the country doesn't have to subsidize your transit system
LIRR commuter >20 yrs. Politicians never gave a crap about mass transit infrastructure-never will. All a front for your political careers!
Let's wait and see  all must work together for better of the country 
You should have worried about out debt for the last eight years with that idiot Obama, why now?
America wouldn't be in this mess if the @SenateDems & @HouseDemocrats had better leaders than failed Schumer & @NancyPelosi.
How funny. After 8 years of not caring theDems are now worried about infrastructure. Maybe they should loose more often to help the country
Actually Governor Cuomo already did that.
So why wasn't infrastructure fixed when the budget WAS there? You cry about how he can't cut it but admit to being incompetent at fixing it
it will, but he'll blame someone else (Obama, Clinton, Democrats)
That's rich coming from you!
I WORRY THAT IT DOESN'T MAKE A DIFFERENCE WHAT OUR PRESIDENT REQUESTED YOU WOULD FIND A PROBLEM SO TRANSPARENT
Spot on Senator(s)!
Yes senator Mendes & schumer everything trump do is against all of us & get away with it what is going on!!!
Except the genius, Mexico wall Infrastructure "Investment"
That's a power quartet that I know will protect USA!
Where have you democrats been for the last 8 YEARS!!  800 Billion for Shovel ready jobs? Not one shovel even purchased!!
I worry soon everything I work 4- 2/3s will go pay 4 liberal programs & giveaways u guys r eyeballing free college.4 who & who pays?
Thanks to liberal al woman's have right to cast our vote
Where have you been the last eight years!!! Hypocrisy at its best!!!
Trump responds.  Let them take helicopters.
Get jobs where U live or live where your job is! Simple!!
Coming from the party of the "shovel-ready" jobs scam, you doofuses have no credibility at all. Just shut up and let someone else do it.
Chuck TWEETS Tweets  of Indicted for Corruption & Conspiracy Sen. Menedez! Safe Sanctuary DC City for Corrupt Democrats!
WOW what do you know about the budget and what facts do you have....please back up your tweet.
I just hope he doesn't spend any money in NY
RATS!!
How r u paying for it
Liberals are looking for negatives and nothing been released! These networks will help you promote this propaganda
You might want to rethink sanctuary city. Losing federal funding, in addition to budget cuts, means you Dems won't have anyone's $ to spend.
Oh like obamas era did anything about infrastructure! Idiots
bobbie   if you & hillary & the rest of NY wasn't so corrupt & easily bribed, maybe things would be different
Stop worrying and do something. Aren't you a US Senator?
What happened to the billions$ that Obama was supposed to put into infrastructure?  Where did all that $ go? Into some deep pocket?
Yes there is !!
They'd rather have a wall.
@SenateDems @SenSchumer @CoryBooker @SenGillibrand  Senators, I'm fearful his "budget" will devastate our country.
Trump will not invest in USA. His agenda is to destabilize our economy & our society. Trump is an agent of chaos.
Lol then what r Democrats they r the ones breaking this country
Count on @realDonaldTrump doing what he legally can to strangle NE transit. Obvious reasons, but we're already on to him. F*er!
NY goes Republican......problems solved 
Cut wasteful spending&drug test 4 welfare&there's your money. Ever hear of cutting waste?You might try it, I find it helps me stay on budget
Nobody cares more about infrastructure than Donald J Trump...believe me.
Yes ! So his body's have nice roads to travel and he can make millions from it
@SenateDems @SenSchumer @CoryBooker @SenGillibrand @nytimes I worry that democrats will destroy the government
Well, then comply with Federal law. Don't disrespect the law and then go asking for money. Schumer misrepresents; Illegal immigrants!!!
@SenatorMenendez you may be right, but you only have a few more months before you are in prison, so try not to stress.
20 Trillion debt takes away our ability to spend freely. POTUS experience in fiscally responsible spending is crucial. Get behind him to win
Yeah Trump is fiscally responsible. His plan: bamboozle and scam bunches of people, don't pay any taxes & declare bankruptcy repeatedly#MAGA
You DEMS had 8 years to do something about infrastructure. So?
Did you remember GOP don't let Obama doing nothing ?? busy repeal health care ?? My memory still fresh
Trump and cronies would rather maintain a war than take care of his own country!  #deplorables
Well you and your boys as well as obama let the infrastructure get in the current state didn't you?
Isn't this a local problem? NY &  NJ should solve it. Where were you the last 8 yrs.? Send the illegal aliens home=plenty of $ for citizens.
You mean making people who use a system pay for it through fares?
How abt bankrupt the USA
well maybe you shouldnt have let the fbi steal the election then. next time
Trump (or the "the P45" as I call him) has devastated much alreadysome decisions he's made are not w/temporary consequenceWho can help us?
.@SenatorMenendez Are @SenSchumer @CoryBooker or @SenGillibrand worried about the fact that you've been indicted for taking bribes? #NJSen
You need to cooperate across the aisle and build a budget that is good for the country. Trump's budget doesn't exist unless you guys pass it
