lol
@TMDILL1 @SenSchumer vote no to Gorsuch.Need independent investigation into treason What r GOP AFRAID OF?How many are traitors?
your talking about hillary right?


Don't tell me what we can't do.  Tell me what you're going to do.  Has anyone taken a biz course in Congress?  omg
Duh Obama. How soon you forget
Chuck Schumer announces hes proud hes hurting the country & its citizens for personal gains. He must resign!
@SenateDems Democratic politicians will collect paychecks for doing nothing. Chuck. What is your approval rating?
@POSTUS You can't BS your way through like you do, Senator!!!
If the country was ran like a business it would save billions for taxpayers. We also wouldn't be trillions in debt.
Seems to be working so far more than obama did in 8yrs. already.Trump must fight all sides we the ppl r with him
yes he can tweet anything he wants, Ptrump is more approachable then anyone ive known he answers our questions we 
About time someone tries to reign in govt a little. Bloated Bureaucracy, only wants to grow and control people.
you are next
you should step down not Nunes
Sleezy Schumer! How connected are u 2 human trafficking PP, Hollywood and Orient triangle?
@SoLun10 @SenSchumer  ABC is crap news! But at least you are not fake like fox "news"
NO WONDER TRUMP HAS TO WORK WITH PEOPLE LIKE YOU. [POLITICANS].????
This from the SOB that told the American People to go F themselves when he gave us the ACA. Go 2 hell Schmuckmer
Well Chuckie... First, he's not a politician. Doubt he's used to all the ass sucking @TheDemocrats seem to require.
Your defiant attitude and unwillingness to work with GOP is ruining America. You r so negative
This truth unfortunately lands on deaf ears.
Cause Congress is useless!  U sit & do nothing with ur excellent health benefits, salaries, & kickbacks. SHAME!
you are a shameful excuse of a representative.  YOU ARE A LIAR
Sure you can if you're Big Birdbrain!
Sleezy Schumer, dems are unable to offer good government due to their inherent corrupt involvement in illegalities!
please someone take away his phone!
your wrong with that I rather get my info straight from @realDonaldTrump twitter account than from most msm sources
because at the end of the day that's all he'll have.  His tweets
why not u don't ever try to help with anything. so don't put ur 2 cents in now
@POTUS Yup, It's much better to LIE like dems do #truth DEMS ARE LIARS
Of course not your all lawyers who run a business like a court-room! That's why you can't get anything done!
we love his tweets- he talks to us and thru you !  Don't stop @POTUS
and when were you president?  Stop being so lame  11  dem senators up for reelections states Trump took by 80% bye
wish your face wasn't seen as much on twitter sick of you
Your tweeting away your Senate seat. I think your tweets are just as disturbing. You wear rose colored glasses.
Why? You BS your way through the senate.
Even a real estate broker can see that a 6% approval rate is a failure and waste of time
hopefully Trump and his minions learned that.  Not!
in all fairness to competent business people, they also do not tweet their way to success
President is not running the country like a real estate deal he is letting the ppl have their say Ppl are in charge
@KokomoTC @SenSchumer Most of us know that, but he is giving it his best shot, he should b figuring that out soon 1 wld think.
said the man tweeting? ?? What an idiot
AMERICANS ARE SICK OF YOUR GAMES SCHUMER!! GET OVER YOURSELF!!!! 
No your right on this one. All of you should do your patriotic duty and follow your patriotic oath.
Yes!  This!
Didn't know he tweeted his way through real estate deals.  How enlightening.
how much fun is Chuck having schooling DT?
I hope @potus was watching this ....He won't believe it but we can hope for an epiphany ...or Intervention
Don't even think what impeachment will do to your German & Russian bank loans.

Sumg SOB causes my premiums to double- he can go..wonder what ACA plan he is under?
#TermLimits  for people like you schumer
This clown has alot of room to talk. He's the pot calling the kettle. WTF has he done for Americans?
spoke volumes on @thisweekabc moments ago! I applaud him for saying what so many Americans are thinking and experiencing.
does Schumer means top down by fiat versus bottom up by collaboration?
Plane and simple #Schumer you are an obstructionist!! Judge #Gorsuch should get up or down vote!!! #MoveOn #Liberal
..  Tweets are 'a short burst of inconsequential information,' and 'chirps from birds. 
True. But don't get comfortable; your work isn't done- make ACA better for ALL!
omg chucky find some good to do
45 and his whole admin need to be impeached. We CAN NOT be left win Mike Pens at the helm
Chuck Love's spending and wasting other people's money.  He lives in the highest tax state and they are still want
Show some leadership without tears!!! Your job is to govern
And you can’t run the Democrats like a child.
Dems are OBSTRUCTIONISTS ALL THE WAY THROUGH!   Hon Kagan & Sotomayor were put through. Drain The Swamp is right!!!
NY,CA top 2 welfare states why don't u and Nancy do something about that, instead of trying to promote welfare
You own Obamacare !!! Do you job? GOVERN!!!
Apparently he can, because he is doing it and his supporters like myself LOVE it!
Shut up Schumer....We are really sick of you.
you are a self indulging fool. I will rejoice the day ur gone. Americans are so sick of you!
looks like the joker and acts like the joker. You the 1 needs to get stop tweeting you twit
Upstate NY is broke,no jobs!! Get your shit together and help us, you get paid to help! Rick USMC RETIRED
why you do. Will fight for you not to win another election. You couldn't run the dog pound.


Back to Breitbart, love.  The rest of us are trying to save the Republic from authoritarianism.

you are a distructive ah with right wibgers in your pocket  a  pupput, nacy polisi needs to be in a retirement hm
typos ugh
Why don't you old gits just retire already and get out of the way for younger blood and ideas??
so says the tweet man himself
He is right, you don't have a bunch of partisan left wing morons in any real estate deals, Schumer included.
But listen to racist hawk nose fascists Schumer who wants total control of the people. He will tell you what to do
@SenSanders And you can't run a democracy on the backs of super rich donors
Excellent interview!!!
You seem to  tweet ur way through it Chuckie! U R a total waste!
Hopefully you willl never run fo POTUS because no one will believe a thing you ever say.  You are a schemer!
keep fighting for us. Keep telling the truth.
before 4 years is over the DC world will change big time and that is what U R afraid of
The election needs to be nullified with new primaries and new election. All that colluded with Russia to prison
We do want Repeal, where are you living? You lost 3 elections over Obama Tax
No vote on Gorsuch until we have a new president since our current one will not be in power much longer
By the way CHUCKY, that half smile you have is stupid looking-go home
And you can't cover your spouse she was in charge when 11people died. 11/15/03 How did she avoid prosecution Chuck?
@GStephanopoulos @realDonaldTrump hardly tweets; maybe 1x a day. CA Rep @tedlieu  needs to be removed; look at his Tweets Schumer! 31 Mar24
@GStephanopoulos  CA Rep @tedlieu  spends his days tweeting against @realDonaldTrump  March 24th; 31 Tweets! This is what Dems do for Pay?
You r such a hypocrite!  You tweet 20 times a day. LIAR OBSTRUCTIONIST
Yes you can. And you would do the same if the MSM reported lies.
The president's do an excellent job so far.
Schumer not so much
chuck you cannot run a govt the way you are running the Dem. slowly u become Harry Reid. So sad for you
well said
Unlike you and your cronies that lie their way while they are in office!  CHUCKY CHEESE SCHUMER you're a fares!
Why Schumer just because u don't agree with it doesn't mean it won't work and thus far Trumps way is working
One jackass talking to another..glad i missed the love fest of American traitors
don't forget, Chucky, you, too, were hired to work for ALL citizens, not just Democrats! GET BUSY no do your job!!
and Obama was the super miracle genius constitutional mensa master entering the white house... Yeah, Right
what are you doing tweeting away instead of doing your job, oh right! What is your job?
trump consistently bankrupted his companies and was often bailed out by tax payers .  Same as president
But lying propagandizing & fear mongering is ok in Congress @SenSchumer
And yes you have to run it as a business not a lifelong job
@joncoopertweets @SenSchumer especially if in your real estate deals you frequently declare bankruptcy
Apparently, you can, because he is. It's not pretty, but he's doing it. No matter how outrageous, he still does it.
Says Chuckles the Clown, the expert on how to be president.

Schumer is such a joke. Trying to make a name for himself. While he flip flops on things he's said in the past.
so true. As you said .@realDonaldTrump is #petulant #notpresidential
he sure as hell is trying... ( when are you going to stop him??)
AND YOU CANNOT RUN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA SITTING ON YOUR ASS TELLING OTHER RAT MAGGOTS TO DO WHAT YOU SAY.
You are obnoxious
Nor is it a part time job!
says the guy trying to tweet his way through the senate. Chucky the never-ending hypocrite strikes again.
Please tweet out a list of accomplishments you have done to improve ACA. All mouth no solutions!
he didn't think healthcare was this complicated! He doesn't think at all! He is playing with Americans lives.
how bout MEDICARE 4 ALL?? Oh forgot.. Too simple
that would work.
You are right. Too many crooked people in the government!!
coming from one NYs biggest con men..  laughable. Irrelevant old POS!
If you are a great manager... Anything is manageable. Imagine how much easier it would be w/some cooperation
brings back memories of 8 yrs worth of obstructionism under Obama... but this is his own party. SAD
And trump cannot treat the presidency like it's a reality tv show!
Trump should work out tax reform for all Americans not just the wealthiest that are his friends ! All Americans !

schumer, you've been there for a while and you didn't do much so go join Amy in her plummeted ratings
and Chuck you cant keep lying and changing your stories and think people will listen to you. Stop pushing divide
thanks the mention in ur tweet @mcdick022 ! Hay Trump can I get a retweet also?
He will never comprehend that notion.  He has no clue about being presidential. and on that note.. #Sad
Yeah, we are watching every move of #DonTheCon and his kleptocracy.
I don't think that's how real estate deals work either.  This is a reality show presidency.
with the worst script ever...very surreal
neither can you edit and produce it like reality tv!
Schumer reminds me of Freddie Kruger......except he is a real nightmare!
Like your way of lies, behind closed doors & progressive liberalism has proven better? This is why you aren't inpwr
and you can't run Congress like it's a child's sandbox. Don't agree with playmates, u pick up toys and wimper off
Decades from now I wonder how weird this era will seem as kids read about it in history books.
50% of Americans couldn't write a $500 check today if they needed to so how can someone pay a $6,000 deductible?
Well he's not president, so there is that.
why can't he? Why do you want tweet suppression? Let the man be free.
ok scammer
Only retards like Schumer would think 100% increase in premiums and deductibles is an Obamacare success.
what about running it like a money laundering operation for Russian oligarchs?
he's only interested in putting money into his own pockets!!
his only agenda is to make himself wealthier!!
