And GOP will refuse. They have no interest in saving healthcare. They are culling the sick, poor, and elderly. Wake up people.
Libs own this crappy HC. So you're okay with taking HC from people who paid their own way and giving it to others for free or almost free?
Unfortunately they are. That is what Soialism is: I get to pay $1,600 mo. for HC I can't afford to use, so people on the dole are covered.
Then get a better paying job! Infants can't work,  not can ppl in nursing homes.
Infants can't work , but their parents can. If one isn't enough get 2. No work ethics? Always an excuse to take from others.
Even with both parents working 2 jobs they still can't afford drugs for a child with cancer.
And the people who got their HC taken away and can't afford it now. So don't talk to me about affording it.
PREACH!
U don't want to work with the POTUS or Rep. You just want to continue to say NO to everything and create hysteria and confuse the Amer ppl
Dems want to help people, not just the rich...
Keep drinking the coolaid.
Everything done by the Republicans has been for the wealthy...Facts are facts without drinking anything...
We Want Single Payer!! Democrats get off the corporate tit and fight for the American working and poor people!!
That will drain Medicaid. Doesn't work
If I had to pay $40 to $80 dollars more in Medicaid tax it would be worth it because people would not die!!
Agree they need to fix this but single payer not the answer
It is the Answer look at every other country that has it. It works.
It doesnt work. People wait months for surgery and to see docs. Also look at the tax rate they pay in orser.to pay for. Socialized med NO
I would pay 40 to 100 $ more in taxes and would still save a lot of money
 where have you been on the bill to date? Nowhere. You stated will not sit down or work with them at all. Liar. B.S master
Can't work with them on tax cuts for the rich.
it's not.Schumer said won't work w them period. Wouldn't matr what says. He commented b4 he even read it. You able study how ocare has hurt

Does congress pay for their Healthcare or is it welfare?
#SinglePayer is the answer, Chuck.

Don't need @GOP & corp. Dems - on the take from Big Pharma & Health Ins. Ind. -  "massaging" Obamacare.
Represent the majority @chuckschumer. It's your obligation.
The thing is that 45* knows absolutely zero about anything except golfing from a cart so Dems "working" with him would be fruitless.
I agree 100 percent..
Work on a fix to ACA. Make sure it saves money & provides overwhelming coverage. Present to the CBO & public.
And don't forget to send a case to @SenSchumer, the Clintons, the Obamas and every loser, libtard Hollywood actor/actress.
Awe,  snowflake. Do you prefer "Hollywood's failing, common-sense-challenged-clueless-should be in prison for threats to our @POTUS-idiots?
I apologize to the unintended recipients of the previous reply. It was sent to you in error.
Let's asks @SenSchumer if he's willing to give up his free healthcare 167 days of paid vacation days or his paid sick days that we pay for
Hey Chuck Schumer! How does one sabotage what's already damaged & incapacitated? OCare damages mor Americans than anything reps have offered
Schumer speaks with a forked tongue - he always has and always will..
@SenSchumer don't wait for failure step up now
OBCARE needs a SAFETY NET...I SAY LET IT FALL , NO NET !
Most right wingers has selected amnesia when it comes to the GOP 8 years of obstruction
Just heard that they will add an uninsured penalty to the healthcare bill..
That's Republicans at work.  Gotta have those tax cuts for the rich...

Grassley: Schumer Knew Trump Was Not Under Investigation When He Publicly Claimed Otherwise [VIDEO] http://trib.al/ZFmdqZm  
His campaign was under investigation, and he's the leader..

Why should the POTUS work with you who lied about him being under investigation when you knew he was not.  Corrupt you are!
That's why Trump has 3 attorneys, so far...
The only people thus bill would devastate is all the mooching lazy people on Medicaid & you, cuz you wouldn't have anyone to vote for you !
Newsflash!!! Republicans are racist pigs, assume everyone on Medicaid is a moocher (whitespeak for POC).  Oops. This is old news. Sorry.
Trumps has asked you to get together
Trump bad mouths the Dems whenever possible... Trump is a divider..
Ur late to the table...ACA decline before the election!
THAT'S LIKE MAKING A DEAL WITH THE DEVIL...IF I WAS THE PRES>. I TELL YOU TO HIT THE ROAD !!!!!
Kind of like in 2009 when you worked so well with the republican, right Chucky? You're a real piece of art! Well, you're a real POS.
Maybe they would work with you @SenSchumer if you where not out lying about @realDonaldTrump being under investigation
Like you tried to Sabatoge POTUS even after Comey told you & the gang of 8 he wasn't under investigation?? @senjudiciary
The bill is indeed "devastating to the middle class," not to mention those w/ pre-existing conditions & older Americans.
Tell it like it is!  Do not be a PU**Y. Trump will grab you if you do! BA HA HA! Serriously, we need to talk tougher and speak up!!
Wow, Obama care has failed n u know it. New bill won't hurt mid america don't get free healthcare. Wake up/reality
How much air time are u planning to givento Lynch and Sanders investigation George? I bet nada!
How much money did Schumer get from Big Pharma and other Corporations?
We want Single Payer!!
Stop lying chuck... you don't want to work with anyone but Dems and all you want is single payer that's not what we want!!
Yes it is. YOU aren't WE.. You must be in the 1% with perfect family health or you are foolish to support GOP plan.
Far from that & I'm not just the 1% there are a lot of people on both sides but I don't want a government to run health care system!
You lost the election. Get over it. Dems don't get to decide next steps for healthcare. Work together. Start doing the work of the people.
Wait and see what the Republicans have in store..
First you have to convince @SenateGOP to remove McConnell as Maj Ldr.
You can say that again,  loud...
Schumer why did you lie to Americans and say @POTUS was under investigation when you knew he wasn't ? what else are you lying at?
His campaign was, and he's the leader...
No it wasn't no proof  of any collusion quit being a sheep learn to think on your own!
They can't be sabotaging Obamacare because no bill has been passed into law. Obamacare is still the law!
They won't guarantee federal money, so insurance companies are bailing.  Republicans are doing the sabotaging..
Federal money is taxpayer money. I don't want to be subsidizing ins. cos. Free market is the way to go.
We all know that's a crock. Democrats arnt going to help with anything. They want Trump and us deplorables to fail.
Half-true. If he wins, those not in the upper 1% are going to lose. It's not us v them; it's us v him.
Fake news. Those that are ABLE BODIED & CAPABLE should work & pay their own way. We can't pay for alll of you that WONT work.
Agree or disagree, just because it's negative news, doesn't mean it's fake.
What makes it fake news is when they don't do the research & broadcast untrue statements. Such as people will die, won't get coverage. False
Do U also believe CBO score is fake? Might want to do some research on the CBO, if so.
FAKE NEWS just like CNN

Tweak it and call it trump care
You are full of it.  Cannot believe a word you say.  Do you enjoy misleading and lying to the American People on everything Trump?  LIAR
He left them at George Soros's over the weekend!
You had eight years to fix it and did nothing. Time to try something new. Work with the GOP
I have heard nothing from the Democrats what do you suggest we pass
U ARE PAID TOO DO A JOB AND AS FAR AS IM CONCERNED YOUR BIG EGOS ARE PREVENTING THAT FROM HAPPENING ID FIRE YOU ALL
REMEMBER YOU WORK FOR THE AMERICAN PUBLIC AND NOTHING TOO HELP US YET. PEOPLE WILL REMEMBER AT ELECTION TIME.
WHEN YOUR CAR GETS OLD U TRADE IT IN ON A NEW ONE. WHY CAN'T YOU JUST WORK TOGETHER ON SOMETHING NEW, THEN TWEEK IT
ACKNOWLEDGE Obamacare is DEAD! Obstruction  BS & do what's right for people you CLAIM to be so concerned about. If not this bill, FIX IT!
Sounds like a Common Sense approach,Trump won't buy it. Obama Care is a conservative Republican plan, remember? Republicans congress wake up
Lol, sabotaging???  Leave it alone, Obamacare will self sabotage and collapse.
I challenge Schumer & colleagues to give up free healthcare and face the same issues most Americans do. That'll drive solutions in a hurry!
Obamacare is sabotaging itself. Soon there will be no insurers left for us to choose. Stop pretending it's any different.
If the @gop was smart. Cancel tax PENALTY.  Then let OC fail on its own. REP pick up the pieces & democrats lose for long time
If you want to help middle class don't sit down and talk REPEAL Obamacare.... face it Obamacare has failed Americans
SMUCK CHUCK. If you gave a dam you wouldn't if given wks of hate speech.  You would of told us solution. OC DON'T WORK TO EXPENSIVE
Will GOP AND DJT have the sense to do the right thing if this horrible bill fails. Fix the ACA; make if more affordable for people 55-65.
Good luck, you will have to give the billionaires what they want. Don't call them, let them own it. 
"Work with us"? Schumer said he'd never work with Trump! A walking contradiction in everything he says
Nothing to sabotage Chuckie. Obama care, to big, to Progressive, unaffordable, and mean and deceitful. You lied
Obama care already a failure. Given a little more time it will explode. No more Obama care
That will never fly Obamacare has to go At the very least the mandates that the Muslim tried to make people buy
Obamacare is FUBAR. The insurance companies won't even sell to it. BTW my premiums shouldn't be for me and your precious illegals. Fix that!
sabotage? Premiums are going through the roof.
Crack pot
But, that would mean doing right 4 people, not corps. Healthcare is #1. W/o it u got zip. Fight 4 it people!
You're not in power the president doesn't have to work with you, have to work with him. Stay in your lane
For what penalties, more taxes, repayment if you underestimate go screw yourself. High payments no choice, high out of poct and deductibles
Yo, Chuck. Did you sit down with Republicans crafting the Unaffordable Care Act? Done in secret, passed in middle of night. "Pass to See"
Call Trump out in public, so he can't lie about what was said!

Chuck Schumer lies to the American people again on TV today as he says he doesn't care Obamacare is killing 1000s of Americans. Resign sicko
After your chat with George did you guys get a room together?
You are a joke.  You don't want to work with Republicans you just RESIST.
Senator, the Dems need to show what they would do to with healthcare.  We need leadership to lead the way!! Time to act, sir.
Sounds like a better idea. Let's see if they can bring it to live. Its still in life support & breathing.
No no no it's dead plz save America Zkill Obamacare
Work with potus for a single payer system funded by legalizing marijuana.
Bahahahaha heck no
Getting tired of Dems taking all the blame for Obamacare. Republicans refused any changes for 6 years..
Yes indeed if it isn't  REPEALED NOW it will be the Republicans fault
There's a civil war right now.  Republicans just want to win at the expense of the people they work for..
We're $20 trillion in debt. We can't keep supporting everyone's whim of wanting more and cheaper. Being responsible is difficult but needed.
He had his chance during Obama mess. Why can he do better now?
Schumer : pandering puppet , his leadership is why his party is dead . No ideas , just hate spewing responsible for GOP shootings God Knows
It's a wonderful idea but it will never happen because Trump is too stubborn to admit that he was wrong on his signature bill.
The PPACA doesn't need any help failing. For much of the country it's already happened! Sen u need to do whatever it takes to fix healthcare
Obamacare failed people just admit it.
Chuck, you are a liar. Nor you or the dems attempted to reach out and be a part of reform. Dems distance themselves in fear. #unproductive
So Chucky, it looks like @BernieSanders is going to come up with a health care bill. At least he's contributing something.
Maybe you should sit down and work with Them. Here is what I have told my repres Do nothing let obamacare implode on Shumers Voters
Please do we Americans a favor and retire. Youre the reason your party is failing and we are suffering. #careerpolitics #MoabRadio #Sarge
Chuck you and the rest of the Dems have done nothing for 8 yrs now all you can do is a resist.  You are a failed party.  Shame on all of you
What was healthcare before Obama?Oh yeah,I had a low cost family plan with no deductible.When Govt gets involved in healthcare#MAGA @POTUS
Low cost and no coverage..
Listen to him, ,funny we hear hes under investigation along with other in ny
That doesn't work. Join Bernie in talking to the people.
Maybe if you would have been more open to working with the president, you could have had a seat at the table and some input on this bill!
If either party actually got together with their counterparts, the shock would drive mass numbers of people insane.
He has it backwards
Fuck Obama care.  Charging people for not having it? People shouldn't be forced to have health insurance.
How do you think car insurance works?
Don't wait! Do it NOW.
It's despicable both Est @RNC & @DNC have no real intention to provide decent HealthCare plan for Americans! @POTUS, #DrainTheSwamp!
Of course Schumer would because the Dems want to insure every American has affordable health care - but Reps haven't been listening.
How did Obamacare help Americans ? Healthcare is truly broken  !!  What is your solution !
It saved lives...

Since when have Dems been willing to sit down and work with GOP? Only action is resist!
If they'd do something good.  They would.
Schumer is an idiot!
He such a clown.
Can't work with fools
Bb
Where were R's when y'all wrote this is in middle of nite? Y'all deserve to be on ACA. You have failed middle class. PERIOD.
Which translated means: Help us keep MIDDLE CLASS hostage. MEDICAID is for POOR. Let Middle class have choice & stop spending like drunks!
Obamacare is a redistribution of wealth.
Taking from the elderly n giving 2 those 
that sit on their A** all day and won't work.
Free Lunch
"Sabotage"??? Chuck Your word smithingis pathetic! It's YOUR PARTY that SABOTAGED healthcare when U  lied the whole way 2 forcing it on USA
Trumpcare will be worse.  Watch for the uninsured penalty besides no coverage and extreme cost.
Hey. Just like 2009!
you are such a phony @SenSchumer making yourself look like this "I'll work with yoou guy" when all you do is badmouth & obstruct! fix it
GOP bitched 7 years without a solution, Dems will make the same mistake. Chuck will bitch and in 2020 won't have a real fix or the votes.
Obamacare is the worst ever why do you keep supporting it.
Wait until it's gone, you'll see what no healthcare does to people.
Many Americans are willing to volunteer to do your job for free because we want America great again.
1st, stop calling ACA Obamacare, minimize political aura. Recognize Act was snowball thrown at wall filled with problems & now in meltdown.
Do you remember that Obamacare is not fully functional until 2022? We don't know how it would work yet. We are victims of Ins. Co. rigging.
Obsessed with seeing Americans suffer under a useless ACA program. Take it from an American who has had to use it.
Oh excellent! I see Mr. Schumer learns NOTHING from his interactions with the obstructionist party.
Obamacare is failing.
He raised the rates for 93 mil & cares little for the middle class
Rather than sit on your hands why dont you engage now and offer improvements now, before a vote?
Republicans have nothing to do with sabotaging of ACA.its Democrats fault
Ummm- why didn't he SCREAM THAT a month ago?
I say quit waisting tax payer $$$
@sarahhsander  Why not call @POTUS now instead of obstructing. We all know obamacare is failing!!
Schumer is still a stupid ass, Obamacare still is crap
@SenSchumer has also taken over $21M from Wall Street donors, & still tweets "Rein in #WallStreet", though, so his word is worthless.
Can't he do that now?
cause R's scheduled a vote, Trump repeatedly says ACA is dead, R's spent yrs blocking improvements for the sake of this repeal. Not hard.
what a clown ACA is a bad law failing on its own
The Democrats have been asked by President Trump to cooperate with the bill but all they can come up with is #Resist  that's the truth !!
Then why is Trump afraid to talk to the Democrats?
As it is typical for democrats to lie, WHY BOTHER
@kermie681 , Just more Conservative projection.
Why wait!
You're out of touch. Wife has useless ObamaCare insurance. Premiums 4X and deductible 10X last 5 years. No sabotage required - Self-destruct
Don't worry about any naysayers - just get in there and help these crazy republicans to improve the health care system.
You already sabotage ACA by passing it Chuckie
He has refused to work with them for the last 8 years. Stop making claims you will never follow through with
@ericbolling  Chucky  All you appear to be doing is Pissing In The Wind, that's whyYou are all wet You waste our time Just an Obstructionist
After 8 years of criticism and one-upmanship, this is the best plan they could come up with?!  One that hurts the poor and the elderly?  
Remember this tweet, "Republi-cants"?
When I say I would end Obamacare, I would also come up with a plan that would be far better, much easier to understand, and cost less!
Why wait til then?
How about sit down and work out a new plan together?  Oh.. it is not about the plan, but what the plan is called.
And yet the Dems do nothing but cry. How about getting involve. #UselessSch
@GStephanopoulos  OMG the crap that comes out Cryin' Schumer's Mouth... Everything is a LIE!  It's NOW spewing out of his .......
Why aren't you working with them now? Because to you party is above country and Americans' health, fake-tears Schumer
he had plenty of time to talk ..
Even Obama said if you can make it better then do it. He knew there were problems with it. But this sloppy piece of work is not the answer.
They should of fixed Obamacare.  So many things could of been done..
