
I wonder how much Indian a special counsel would find Elizabeth to be today? #CP24 #CNN
you didnt hear? shes really Olga
High Priest.
Charles.  You are like school on Saturday.  No class
Senator Chuck Schumer.  What have you done for NYS? Corruption in government. Highest taxed welfare state in the nation. Get real jobs back.
Excuse me, I just started the video stream and I have to vomit.
Nice bathrobe Chucky.  Adds to your clown-ness
No one wears glasses that way. Because it's just looks stupid.
  your hate and psychosis blinds you. Your entire party is shameful and deranged..
Whatever Schmucky says, don't listen. He's dumber than a pile of compost & his breath will make u want to put compost up ur nose for relief.
Dressed like clown?
schumer be like, the future of US democracy depends on you to not put up a wall or the money from the countries who hate US will dry up
It's Chuck the shyster Schumer! Has a record of talk only and no accomplishment presently holding up our country for political gain. 
Resign
Phony.
Do away with Plan Parenthood and do this instead. The reason why the Dems want P.P is they give them millions to the DNC. Its about the 
Victor Hanson with video explains how Democrats are lying about the Boogeyman Russia Theory:

you Democrats are the laughing stock of the world. And you will lose at midterm again


You degenerate, you have to be in a panic with what's happening in the Middle East. Democrats look like buffoons . Liars deceitful @POTUS
I love this man, don't tell my husband.
His lips move but no clear sound emanates!
no schumey, your specs 7 inches down dosent make your schnaz look smaller
What a disgrace! America deserves better! Chucky has done nothing for the American people. Taking our money isn't considered help!


That is a lot of forehead chucky
AAAA RRRR  your so cute Chuckles Is this your snowflake timeout
Did anyone walk out?
Another photo op from a man who never held a real job
Did he cry in his speech?
Boy, they're really scraping the bottom of the barrel with crybaby snowflake Chuckie speaking.

These are the three socialists the dems stand for lies lies lies lies lies fake news,fake news fake news fake news jail bound jail bound
Who would ever listen to this LOSER!
Need to send my diploma back!
I wish he gave the address at an Optometry school, and they gave him (1) an exam (2) a refraction & (3) new specs

Chucky the wood chuck bs,er story teller trys to scare people with storylines that make older seniors feel unsafe. Its health care usually
Says he has confidence in America and people slamming that.  Politics of fear and divide alive and well.  Congrads to all grads.
You invited a Fascist to you're commencement exercises??
You should be congratulating the President on a great Speech to the Muslim Nation
You are a Obstructionist / Democrat you hate Law and Order and the Constitution.
Thanks for the shining example of true ignorance,#idiot.
Crying Chuck, take your silly glasses off and do something real for this county.
LMAO @ crying chuckie.  He is such a far left liberal goon. He makes me sick
With leaders like this we get more criminals not citizens 2018 vote

Toad.  Democrap liar and hypocrite

Run away! This is a curse!
