You can put a tuxedo on a goat; it's still a goat.  This is the same plan as Trumpcare with a different name.  We need you to fight it.
The only thing you care about is death of the GOP bill. Not coming up with a plan that works. While repubs and Dems fight, centrists laugh.
If the GOP wanted to do what was best for America they would give up the idea of scrapping ObamaCare and focus on repairing it!
Exactly! This bill is the equivalent of DeVos' pledge to ensure student welfare and advance education 
Fire up the phones, folks
•Capito 202-224-6472
•Murkowski 202-224-6665
•Collins 202-224-2523
•Gardner 202-224-5941
•Flake 202-224-4521
Thanks I will call . Support Trump
Diana bot
Russian drinking in kremlin basement . idiots think anyone that has a different point of view is a bot, Russian or brainwashed by husband
I disagree
We MUST fight every day until we have a Democrat Congress because this Zombie will not die
Keep fighting that good fight, Ma'am!  Wonderful to see an Intelligent, Godly Woman Fighting!  ALMIGHTY GOD BLESS You IN JESUS'S NAME!  AMEN
No extra "S" after MASTER'S NAME.  Take a grammar class, ya goofs!
You mean this?
Yes, we will do our part.  But we need you to do yours.  Hold the floor.  Withhold Consent.  Vote-a-Rama.  Do whatever it takes.
Pocahontas can do anything she wants, but trust me this stinking mess known as OBAMACARE will be repealed, . . once & for all.
When you buy a house & it has a draft, you don't sell the house--you fix it.
We need to get you and all your political leaches out of our personal lives. Fire the government from managing our healthcare!
Any bill rushed through so Democrats can't vote is very suspicious.
We will save health care by getting rid of Obamacare! Warren, your vision for health care is corrupt!
@SenSchumer @SenateGOP 
National Statistic Forum :
One "American Indian" but no "Pocahontas" on this thread !
Hey Liz can you crawl under the rock you came from
We need to put Washington politicians all in Medicare  and their staff as a test run
Elizabeth Warren has FREE GOLD-PLATED Heathcare provided by TAXPAYERS. She's not suffering under the debacle known as OBAMACARE. #Repeal
Wrong
You need to get off your obstructionist backside abd get it to work.Obumnetcare has failed, get over it, do your job
How can foreign countries find a way to cover everyone on $45 a month yet we as a nation can't come with up with nothing at all.It's a shame
If the single payer bill would have been passed the first time @SenSanders brought it up when the Dems were in charge we wouldn't need to
Dems may have been "in charge" by 1 vote,but thank Lieberman for refusing to vote for any bill that included single payer,ACA was compromise
And it was a shame they didn't keep trying like the reps are doing now. Dems give up and in way too easily
They didn''t have the time, they only had an exact supermajority for 60 working days, which ended with the election of Scott Brown.
STOP ALREADY! You DUMocrats jammed the ACA down our throats when we didn't want it!
Stop resisting!!
The GOP  approves PREMEDITATED MURDER!  They need to change their name to DEATH  SQUADRON!
Lmao like abortions?
Like spina bifida or SMA .  Are you a supporter of life before birth but not life after birth?
Both before and after birth
Do you understand that ending Medicaid would cause the death of many disabled people?
They're not ending Medicaid or Medicare. The expansions the one that ACA put millions of able bodies on.
Yeah, they are by the block grants .  You try affording care if you have MS.
Get the REAL FACTS, then come back
Very unproductive to spend days fighting to save a plan that has failed every American.
Healthcare needs reform. Do ur job!
Agree, this can happen, for those bashing you, we must fight put a stop to what's really #drivingupcosts
Just put us on your plan problem solved you guys don't seem to be having any problems you work for us not the other way around Pocahontas
i noticed @bernie is Literally doing NOTHING to stop this ACA repeal...
Or until I am, which won't be long if this nightmare is passed.
I thought it was. Why tf do they keep bringing it back?
We, #Americans Live, or Die! #ProtectOurCare #UnitedWeStand @SenWarren #FIGHT until the end @SenateDems #ObamaCare! vs #TrumpCare @SenateGOP
"Save health care"? Medical services existed pre-ACA and will exist post-ACA.


Democrats need to fight back with a reasonable alternative. Medicare for all isn't that.
THIS is what you need to focus on instead of Bernie's Medicare for All pipe dream that has no chance of passing this Congress.
Don't take your eye off the ball. Many of Bernie's supporters think his bill will fix everything. It won't. THIS is the most important fight
Glad you could join in on the effort Senator, how was the pointless tour you were on? Maybe now you can do your job?
Better than current bill
Kill It! Kill it now! Dead, DEAD! So it cannot rise from its ashes any more! If we all do our bit we CAN do it.  
STOP #GrahamCassidy #SaveACA DC Switchbrd 202-224-3121 @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain @SenCapito @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenCoryGardner
Thank you Senator Warren for keeping @US focused on damage @GOP wants to create They want to tear America apart starting with HC&Education
How exactly do I fight? You and Marley are my senators and I don't have to lobby you.
How about YOU fight? We elect representatives so that we don't have to do this song-and-dance daily. You know what's right, so get it done.
Or until they wake up and rid that crazy they call @potus. @realDonaldTrump is playing jeopardy with our lives in too many ways.
Senator Warren,

What can I do to help? I live in a blue state, New Hampshire? Are you accepting volunteers? I'd be happy to help.

Britt
Ya - big Squaw of the party - sound the alarm and put a cork in your mouth
TRAITORS THIEVES  taxing us for everything unfairly, umcesssary give nothing back PROMISE TO FUCK ALL UP TILL I DIE.
Calling my senators right now to tell them to save healthcare by dumping Obamacare once for all. Thanks for the idea, Sen Warren!
If you're not fighting for single payer health care you're on the wrong side of history
.@SenSanders released his highly anticipated #MedicareForAll bill!

 FULL TEXT: http://bit.ly/2wXzcZE 

…
You think you got away with endorsing Killary and Fascism?It ain't over yet.We will put you both in prison.
I'll be making phone calls tomorrow!

Nobama care needs to go
Still fighting for the worst bill to be passed in the history of the United States dimwit?
Save healthcare? Your right. The Dems made healthcare so unaffordable that no one is really covered but you all in Congress. Save yourselves
You are proven to be a LIAR...
Swamp thing. With no solution coming from you Americans will suffer as you try to show up Trump
My son thanks you truly senator Warren!

You are so right. Lets kill obama care today. It's destroying America.
We need to spend more on the war against liberalism. The ignorance is strikingly amazing and frightening. Who r u people???
People need to STOP BEING DISTRACTED & FOCUS ON THIS-what good is rallying support for Med/care4All if Graham-Cassidy bill passes? PROTEST!
No one wants what the GOP is peddling! 83% of Americans want ACA to be improved! #NoGrahamCassidy
Improving on Obamacare was Hillary's plan all along. But now we must be adamant about our concern to protect every American's right.
Obamacare is unconstitutional. Gov. Can't force a product on someone. Its time to repeal. Healthcare is not a right. Free market = low cost
E. Warren for president

Thank you Elizabeth. People like you keep this great country afloat.
Truly, we are calling and marching. It may not matter. We are at the mercy of our elected officials. Some of you work hard. Some need to go.
Give power back to the states where it belongs
#TRUTH @SenWarren @RepJoeKennedy @SenateDems #SaveACA #ObamaCare 
vs Trump #GrahamCassidy #CassidyGraham @SenateGOP #TrumpCare bill is DEAD!
Does this include the unborn as well?
Obama tells democrats NOT to help Republicans ( Trump) with the Healthcare Bill.
Until  we replace - elect a better Adm.  Vote Them Out!
Give up a big Indian whooop. That should be a loud alarm.
Huff Post is talking about the Graham-Cassidy Proposal to repeal Obamacare in the next 15 days. What happened?
You profess to care now, after hijacking HC convo w/ Sanders' bullshit Med4All that has ZERO chance of passing. 

Was the photo op worth it?
The democrats have already killed Healthcare in America. If what you butt heads created was any good you would be in it. USA screwed!
Darn it
If a program is liked by some & disliked by some. The only solution is 2 FIX the problems in the healthcare bill. GOPS hiding under desks
Just do your job! The GOP is bought off by big insurance. Money speaks louder than deeds or words. You can't shame these bastards!
Personnaly if they put up a wall i will help bring it down
We are not Germany nor shall we have communist ruling our free land
https://twitter.com/notelizabeth88/status/909135527265341440 …
Can the senators! 202-224-3121 and comments 202-456-1111 call! Your life depends on it!!!
Text RESIST to 50409
The Democratic Party is America's protector of our most valued right: HEALTHCARE
liz... dont let @bernie(fucking)sanders control our agenda. tell that old cult of personality demagogue to sit down and shut up.
Should have concentrated on this rather than Sanders bullshit bill he stole.
We are hereA new round will not defeat us and at the end of it we will be a little closer to 2018 when we end this GOP government charade.
Make those calls:
@make5calls
Write those letters:
Yes sound the alarm for more scare tactics by the Democrats......Until you are under the same healthcare as the rest of us; shut up!!!!!!!!
Listen here Democrats; Get off your asses and work with the GOP instead of bitching about everything. You might get things done ya think?
SENATOR I WILL DO MY BEST! I WORK MONDAY ;WED ;AND FRIDAY!
Try working Tuesday and Thursday also and you can pay for your own insurance.
Mortality went up under the ACA why would anyone listen to you at this point?
Obama care is killing this country. Only bigots an race bateing liberal,s who wish to force us to. Be as Venezuela .
Liar
And we need you to do the same. Stop letting the American people suffer poor healthcare and high costs!
Where were you when premiums were skyrocketing? You have ZERO credibility because you let ACA hurt Americans. Insurance doesn't equal care
Hey can I borrow $1600 a month
Blah blah blah st...u you loser party! We rejected you !
ACA must go
Nonsense !!!!
Keep going, we are with you!
ALL HANDS ON DECK
FIGHT FOR MEDICARE CALL CONGRESS 
IGNORE ALL DISTRACTION AND ANTICS 
IMPEACH DJT NOW!
Pocohantas the only health I need is the medicine man from your tribe!
Thank you for fighting for us!
Letting the states take back health insurance no single payer.
There's thousands of us out there right now we're getting really damn tired of you getting a paycheck along with the other scum and not...
Real nice.. Keep brain washing your followers, you know Sheep...!!!
Really , dumping it on the states is chickenshit, and full of holes obviously!, Graham almost seems real until shit like this FU LG..
The people need to fight to keep liars out of the Senate. Here is v a picture of one.
Thread laying out GOP strategy & timeline for G-C repeal vote. Please BLOCK THEM:
Mon 9/18: GOP leadership confers. (YOU CALL SENATE 202-224-3121)
Tue 9/19: GOP caucus lunch. (CALL PROTEST)
Wed: Senate goes home, Rosh Hash

How soon you forgot every one whose #InsRates went up & the millions who  lost  healthcare.

Everything they introduce is nothing more than trash. Not covering the majority of the people in need.
1987  Sanders stated that if we expand Medicare to everyone, we would bankrupt the country Liberals fight everyday to void the Constitution
Look at the U.K. folks. It's not working there

Heath bars are in danger?  How can I help?
Dear wacky Lizzie.  Logout!
Please stick with Bernie's universal Medicare for All  all your contemporaries need to wake up and support the common good!m
We need the fight to save mankind against Prehistoric T
I'll fight you any day of the week, fake witch! Name the time and the place and I will bust up those "high cheek bones"!!
Stand and fight for us. #MedicareForAll
Congress is rogue with all the special interest of theirs? A country divided will surely fall! We the people has become we the congress
heath??
Save what??
Resist!

The fight to save Healthcare was lost with the passing of Obamacare. Our insurance industry is irreparably damaged by your stupid law.

I've never witnessed a group of individuals more hell bent on upending their chances to be re-elected before. The GOP has a case of dolt!
Dems are doing a pretty good job too, as they ignore progressive values in favor of what their corporate donors want. Goodbye 2018, 2020
I agree the tent needs to grow or we jeopardize suffering the same fate. Bernie is a necessary voice! #worktogether
Lest they lose DT's lunatic fringe the GOP is sacrificing the fate of millions for reelection. At least Judas got gold.
Exactly
Keep your Obamacare of Prepare your grave!!! What's it gonna be????
We have been fighting everyday
Not to kill the bill---
But to take you away----

Haha HoHo hehe
Lies and deception, hate and discontent. That's all you have left
Your term is just about over, we the people are sick of the bickering, next election your done.
How many times do we have to fight this fucking bill? It's exhausting. Propose something to 45 while he's sort of reasonable towards Dems.
Just because @SenWarren doesn't like means it's wrong?
The American people deserve a much better HC bill than the @SenateGOP bill.   Demand #SinglePayer like #MedicareForAll
Senator Warren does that mean I'll be able to keep my doctor if I like my doctor and I'll be able to keep my insurance period?
Any thing has to be better than omamacare all Americans should have the same health Care that you have

What the hell are you on. Can't be still for a minute. Smoke a pipe.
Got to work together for the benefit of all, but we know you won't #PATHETIC
Senate republicans need to listen to all Americans, not Big Money
Pocahontas don't go away mad just go away
It seems like every time one dies, another one, far worse pops up in its place. It's exhausting.
I'm sounding the alarm u & ur KKK dems pack buds news to go and fast Vote these political hacks out i2018 Save ur children & country
Many of us already fighting, calling, & writing, Sen. Warren. Hope you're fighting too. Please read this thread:
1: #GrahamCassidy is far *WORSE* than full ACA repeal. This is not getting much attention.
Obamacare isn't healthcare it's Extortion Repeal and Replace it with Private Over State Line Health Insurance.
The bill or Obama care which one will die first lol
Like ur Native American Indian heritage u lied abt 
Term limits

You aren't an American Indian. Shame on you for Lying to the American People. Save yourself, get a DNA test!
We've got two weeks to keep #GrahamCassidy tied up until reconciliation is no longer allowed; thing is, GOP know it too!
Can't wait till it gets passed, because it will force you to work together, dems had several years to fix it. Then it can truely be fixed
Why don't you get Obamas help 
Have I seen the bill Elizabeth? Or r u guessing just like fake Chuck.
Where's my 5 calls app? I'm !! Tired of this bs. Calling them everyday & speaking my mind, on behalf of my fellow Americans. #Resistance
so what are we supposed to do ?
you give zero guidance
shame on you
THE FIGHT FOR YOUR LIFE HUH? U SHOULD PICK YOUR BATTLES...LIZ...
Yes we know it's not over,&we r fighting everyday, but let me remind u 2018 votes R not protect either,&u must push4 #PaperBallotsFor2018
What is the point of voting Senator if they R not protected. Please make  #PaperBallotsFor2018 As we continue to fight 4 #Medicare4All
The vast majority of Americans need & realize the high stakes of losing there health care let alone having it diminished.
United they stand
Get lost Pocahontas
We support the @SenateGOP bill. We need to replace Obamacare. You should have ObamaCare so you know what we have to deal with!

