NY Dreamer Diana was 12 years old when she found out she was undocumented and was told to never say it out loud.

https://medium.com/@MakeTheRoadNY/daca-changed-my-life-and-im-here-to-stay-5af5956d05a8 …
Vote to make them stay, then vote to cut your pension and healthcare. Suffer a little like us hard working Americans. Til them your FOS.
I waited years to come legally! Interviews multiple times background medical checks of corse $$$$. Yet you fall over yourself...
My 5th generation American born children have dreams, too!

#BuildTheWall
What do your kids dreams have to do with a wall? My kids dreams don't include other people's nightmares. Seems odd.

Chuckie what R U Complaing about? @Potus has given U & @TheDemocrats @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP a chance 2 Shine!
@Medium doesn't she have to be American for it to be an American story?
Get to work Chuck. You failed to get anything done on Healthcare or tax cuts so far.. let's see what you come up with. No Obama BS either
Hundreds of legal Americans overcome huge hurdles to make successful lives - without handouts. Why don't their stories matter?
thanks for outing her.  Now ICE knows where to pick her up.
Who's fault is this? Her parents coming here illegally.  Go back and get in line.  No free pass for you're parents unlawful act.
They can dream for years, just like citizens have dreams  but they taken away our dreams because of aff-action being applied to dreamers too
Yes pass the law that congress did not pass last time that cazed Obama to do it the non legal, which u know about. Fix it
Here to stay?   we know you like breaking the law, but not going to fly. Obama is no longer President. Our laws are going to be enforced.
DACA is illegal.  If you were doing your job these people would not be in this mess
We all see through your bs chuck, your destroying your own party, lol
It's not racist to uphold the Constitution.why hasn't Congress acted before now?
Why do democrats keep allowing people to enter illegally?
Illegal ILLEGAL....,,,,
Make it law then Chuck!
.. protecting illegals! You encourage families to take a chance rather than apply the right way! You are promoting traffic......
a US senator is supposed to be loyal to americans not illegals
is she a US citizen?  If not go to the back of the line and become a citizen legally
Congress is supposed to fix the immigration issues. Too weak to do your jobs so  Obama went around you then, and Trump is now. FIX IT
That's my American Story!
I use to own a home back in 2008 until both my husband and I both lost our jobs. We have never recovered and the government didn't save us!
Yep, a true American: Shhhhh, keep your head down and your nose clean because..........you're illegal! Nice way to live.
No, Chuck. The AMERICAN story is coming here LEGALLY. You just want more illegals for more Democrat seats in the House. #FuckYouChuck
How many dreamers are a part of ANTIFA???
What Country do you work and live in?? Who were you elected to represent??? You might want to contact Mexico or another Country to work in!!
Don't run your yap....fix the problem Mr. big dog.
You also need to consider our American kids have dreams to! Stop putting them on the back burner !
Chuckie is a liar!
Dreamers like Diana are here to stay only if you get a damn law passed. We want a plan now! Not lamentations in 6 months
STOP OBSTRUCTING CHUCK

They are illegal aliens! If they want to stay they need to come LEGALLY!! PERIOD!!
Don't cherry pick Chuck!!
We don't like sneaky liars so at age 12 she was told to be a sneaky liar by
Her parents are too blame not trump
Not american story I'm a 3rd gen of Italian immigrants no dem pack devil ever gave us a free ride we worked r asses off 4 what we have
Citizens first! Don't steal legal immigrant futures. Stop governing with emotion instead of logic and reason. Pathetic leaders on the left.
Hey chuck you put potus down for tweeting and you are why arent u working lol
So chuck thinks its ok to break our laws, and hes a senator wow get him out of office
How can this be an American story when it doesn't involve an actual American?
CHUCK SCHUMER SHOULD GO RUN MEXICO, SEING HOW HE HATES AMERICA AND AMERICANS WHO PAY HIS BILLS! AMEICANS VOTED FOR THIS CHANGE!
no sympathy your Ex President is responsible an demobrats that did not do thier job
HOW MANY AMERICAN CHILDRENS DREAMS DID THEY STEAL? AMERICANS COME FIRST UNDER THE CONSTITUTION! YOUR EMOTIONS HAVE NO INFLUENCE ON US!
not gonna happen citizens will not allow it
Well if Diana has  one single pick of respect for this great Nation she should havelegitimized her status.Come in front door I did after 3yr
The American story is: We have laws to come here, come here legally! The End
Glad a 12 year old was more familiar with US law than you
Illegal not undocumented.
Stop obstructing,stop negativity,stop grandstanding! You and Congress get together and pass a law! Can't you see that's what this is about?

NO! My grandparents story is an American story. They came here legally and worked to achieve the American Dream.
I would personally love it if you dems would admit the only reason you give a fuck about #DACA is that they represent your voting base!
#Dreamers are like diarrhea it comes unexpected and can't wait to get rid of it and once it's gone life feels so much better
Diana is not an American and neither is her story. There is a legal process that must be followed by ALL immigrants to our country.
@POTUS @SenateGOP Wonder how Chuck would feel about Diana if she was to vote Republican? How quick before he slams the door in her face?
Shouldn't you be at work ?  Pay attention and quit tweeting. Maybe if you talk to and negotiate with botj sides you can get something done.
We will see, millions of needy waiting to come here legally
Yo Chuck! WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO? A constituent
What will you do? It is in your hands.
Worried about losing your voter base Chuckie? Here's some other "dreamers!" MS-13 members!
Let them stay. What they bring in taxable income can complete the wall that Republicans and Democrats started
Work per@its & federal funds! Chuck they get our jobs & all our money
Teach them to lie and they will always lie.   Deplorables
The idea you have to lie to be here is the law is continued to be broken! Congress now will have to take care of this? Term limits needed
She can make a nice living in her country.  There are lots of decent economies and opportunities south of our border, Chuck.
And your story is one of over taxing, over spending and encouraging others to violate laws that you don't like. Your a real inspiration.
Do your job Schumer.... lets see if you have what it takes to stay in Congress ! 6 months !!
Again the key word is illegally
As @SpeakerRyan said DACA complete abuse of BOZO powers! Follow the law that you think is above all of you! Truth coming soon! Stay Tuned
As the Mexican president promises to send more illegals our way, more votes for you though huh
Let's all cry now 
Time to do YOUR JOB & deal with immigration reform & stop blaming POTUS.  @realdonaldtrump
Yup the number 1 law breaker wants to make it legal to break the law we are sick of paying for these people
Aren't you suppose to be working?  We are MOT paying you to tweet
Pass a law!
Don't negotiate with TERRORISTS.  #DefendDACA #ProtectOurKids
if it's here to stay, you better defund planned parenthood now..
It's now on congress/senate to impeach and 25:4 this heartless insane unstable Nazi-in-chief
For what?? What has he dond? And you do know there has to be a majority in the house and the senate right stupid?
Then u should pass a real law to help her stay.
@SenSchumer Time is running out for the Dreamers! If you care about the Dreamers get to work and make legislation!
Well Chuckles you should have passed a dream act while you had control of all govt. Instead you chose to use them as political pawns
So lets see if the Dems work for the people or for their donors? I'm betting on donors
She should run for congress. They already told her how to lie

Very very sad, and shouldn't have ever happened in the first place. It is now a moral delimma.
Crying Chuck You will have your opportunity to fix DACA. We will see if you have the courage.@POTUS
Jeff Sessions just pissed in your cereal
Get to work Congress.
Chuck, do yu not understand it is in COONGRESS hands not Obama or Trump ?
Dreamers are among the best and proudest Americans. WHEN will the DNC finally realize the merits of beginning an impeachment process?
We are a country of laws my friend. DACA both unconst & illegal. Maybe you hadn't heard.
Please explain to me exactly what part of the constitution DACA violates?
If DACA was the right thing to do. U should have done it LEGALLY by Congress years ago. Do your job. 

Sent from my iPhone
Congress also didn't build a wall or end Obamacare. I guess, if it was the right thing to do, they would have, huh? #URADUMBASS
Just because Congress didn't build a wall, or end the obamamess. Doesn't mean they r right. Both r hurting middle America
Your sob stories won't fly Chuckie  #EndDACAnow
Yes to DACA no to wall
Are you listening to AG Sessions?  Oh the SHAME. They are real people and they are HERE. Standing behind the rule of law in this case WRONG
Please list all laws you do not want to follow.
It was unconstitutional
Well if she was legal, she wouldn't have to lie. A lie is a lie (dont say it out loud) why r u about breaking the law?
Thank you for standing up for what's right #DEFENDDACA
Not right millions of needy waiting to come here legally
What about #Americans that are suffering now you can do your JOB time to put up or shut up
#HereToStay? Says who? You? Says the Constitution? Says our Laws? 

Her story being an "American" story is the reason why we are HERE
