NEVER! #AprilFools
don't let Chaffetz see it..might think you don't deserve healthcare
He is exempted btw
you are still not up to par PAL.  you are an antagonizing fool and WE THE PPL ARE WATCHING YOU AND YOUR ACTIONS!
the way you FLIP ON ISSUES,YOU HAD THE RIGHT PHONE!
What did you get?
you should turn over another new leaf and step down..
Watch out for Russians. They can hack those.
Still #clueless
Yeah because you know the NSA cannot detect those phones

Chuck Schumer should turn over a new leaf and start working for the people instead of his party
Per @jasoninthehouse you'll need to give up...food? Healthcare? Where's the personal responsibility, Chuck? PS #thanks for all the hard work
There's a lot more than your phone to mock about you, Senator. Hypocrite of the nth degree.  Bad leader. Obstructionist. Nasty.
Thanks to laws passed by you guys, it'll be legal for Trump to spy on you via that phone. Can't wait to see what turns up.
You should be mocked, but for years of anti-American behavior. Why do you stand by illegals but not taxpaying American citizens? Who pays U?

Actually, Chuckie, you are being mocked for much more than your cell phone.
Good choice.
@jasoninthehouse @senorrinhatch @SenSchumer Glad he did not have to choose between phone and healthcare. #Resist #Persist
I'm sure it's one of the many  perks paid for by the working citizens.
The Mocking had nothing to do with the phone Chucky
It's not the flip phone that they are mocking.  It's the fact you're a hypocrite. Might want to work on that leaf thing.
Guess now we'll just have to mock your pathetic representation of New York.
I'm impressed you don't have readers on to use it! I can't see anything without mine.
Just don't "flip" to the Republican side. Lol
We wouldn't have Schumer! 
The sad thing is with the dismantling of internet privacy, your flip phone was probably more secure.
Excellent point.
Cool now you are going to start fighting for Medicare for all now right?
You got a @jitterbug?
Chuck, I'm still in the "dumb phone" era, glad to see you have finally moved up. @HarryCo27676367
Yeah I'm pretty sure they were mocking you for other reasons....
There's a lot more than that to mock you about. #GrouchyOldMen
you've also been mocked for your hair plugs and never having had a real job in the private sector.
I can have my 2-year old nephew teach you how to use it.  Heck!  He's smarter than you are!
Just switched last week love love the updated version. Hello to Jordan in Buf. Office. Take a photo of @SCOTUSBrief filibuster & send my way
Your biggest flip is your Gorsuch confirmation he will stop your 35 years of gun control BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!
Wish the phone was retirement gift.
Welcome to the 21st Century, Senator Schumer!
Drain your swamp...retire.
It's shows your age and the reason for your senile attitude. Old Dems like you are destroying the once proud party.
Oh I'm sure libatards don't buy stuff with their own money wait that's right all the have is taxpayer money
CMON..........
HOW AM I GOING TO BE ABLE TO SEND THIS 
who paid for your phone Obama or us?
no one cares. Move out of the way dork
Good for you Chuck. We just switched last summer.
Uh oh! Serious tweeting competition for @realDonaldTrump. Grab the popcorn.
Then he pressed his monocle firmly back into his eye and climbed back into his buggy...
.@SenSchumer I'm sorry you didn't make the responsible choice and invest in your own healthcare per @jasoninthehouse.
Flip phones are more reliable to be honest. All this swipe here and push this icon. It's all a sham. Enjoy though.
Careful with the dnc email accounts 
That phone is still decades ahead of Mike Pence's attitude
are clueless.
flip phone is the least if your issues or problems. Most of America wishes you put more effort into being less of a Harry Reid
Chuck check your no votes on SC!!!!!!!
Very good!  The thing is that all the new phones have the same shape whether small or large they are most predominantly rectangular.
Good. Now you're a social media potato head.
How's that working for u thus far?
Your still out of touch.... the American people are sick of the same BS in DC. And your the KING OF BS!
Great job. Please password protect it in case you lose it. Try a GPS finder in case you lose it. Keep up the great work for us.God bless.
Lying sacks can never turn over a new leaf...you find the same disease under any leaf.
BTW this has nothing to do with your phone but rethink those filibuster plans, big mistake, IMO.
Enjoy!
Blah blah blah
You and my husband!! Yay!!
You've announced your retiring???!!
Is Your Office Voicemail Still Full? Been For A Month? Maybe Start There! You Work For Us!#MAGA
How about retiring now that would be turning over a new leaf ?? Such an obstructionist !
flipping and turning suits you sir
This is news? Who cares?
FYI, your flip phone was safer and harder to track
Wooohooo congrats! Movin up in the world. There's YouTube videos if you are completely lost on the smart phone.
How can you do a tweet storm on an old phone? Don't you want to be president someday? 

Fine, then. Be an adult!  You're the last one!
Big deal...there is still a lot more you can be mocked for
Well turn another one - RETIRE for term limits sake!  You've been there long enough!
maybe the next leaf you should turn over is forgetting you are a DEM  you work for ALL New Yorkers, ALL Americans, put the party aside uSA
U DONT care your scam in the dark of nite pushed thru OCAREFAIL has MADE carriers pull out of my state &can't afford INS-I work!
Finally something productive from you chuck it figures its on a cell n not politicial
why? Everything U do is dark ages stone throwing caveman not hip and really grossWe all see collective U R ARCHIE BUNKER HATE
Maybe now you'll be able to read the Constitution. But I'm sure you won't understand it.
Now the nation mocks you for your lame Russia narrative with zero evidence -- other than the photo of your #DonutDate with Putin. #Sayn
No one cares about your personal problems, only your disgusting hate for Trump and the American people.
U can also turn over another leaf & request POTUS 2 right a wrong ur team did in '09. Delphi pensions of 21k were illegally seized by Dems
Try caring about AMERICANS! That would be a NEW LEAF for you!
#backtoworksenator
Someone in a leadership role still with a flip phone tells me how entrenched he is in old ideas and comfortability with status quo. U R done
You flip alright
Spending more money made off Americans to make up more lies, do your damn job for America, liberal democrap!
Nice to see a little humility in a leader's tweets. Enjoy!
As a white glove IT technician, invest in a glass screen protector.
Much better than the bulky cases everyone else has.
So you finally turned a leaf, like an olive branch, like you want to work ! Good for you , call your district reps , they can help!
You're mocked because of your fake crying.
Cool! You'll enjoy all a smart phone has to offer.
Chuck .... a flip phone is much more suited to your flippant hypocrisy. Although an ' I ' phone says something as well.
there's so much more to mock you on,cell phone should be the least of them
That's the first smart thing I've ever seen you do!
You still a *itch
I did it myself just a few months ago. Last one in the family.
You are a disgrace to democracy by bullying democrats to follow your foolish agenda.
When you see @realDonaldTrump, throw it at him and knock him cold. You haven't done much else than pose in front of mics so far.
How the people of NY can support this lying hypocrite is unbelievable to me.He is the epitome of what is wrong w/our govt. Hypocrite/Corrupt
Did you take a hammer to it to
You finally got your Obama phone ?
you're gonna love it.....
Awe Chuck, say it ain't so...
I'm w/ you, sir. My granddaughters laughed me out of it & into an iPhone.                     I miss my flip phone.
WHAT? HOW DID YOU TAKE THAT SELFIE? DID YOU CONTROL A DRONE WITH YOUR NEW PHONE?
OMG, thanks for sharing! Hope you will be inspiration to get my husband into the 21st Century.
Dang. April Fools Joke. Wahh
Chuck, you are held in disdain by the majority of the population.
BFD
Welcome
best phone ever and tres chic! My husband refuses to update as well. i love communicating w iphone. A phone is a phone  to him.
Mazeltov. Today you become a man. 
Surely being mocked doesn't influence you dose it Chucky ? Oh that's right liberals dish out the mocking.
It's really because it was the only way to get the #Pizzagate  app.....
go Chuck go!
Looks like you are enjoying it. lol
What's that? Compromise?! The whole US does not want to live like you and your constituents. #Compromise #getSomethingDone
Ya those smartphones can get you in trouble. Just ask @HillaryClinton
I sorta want a flip phone again. Lol!!
New leaf ?  So your now changing over to the Republican Party !!
Dead give away if you can't use just your thumbs to message! I can't either
love a person who can make fun of himself 
Wow, Breaking News!!!!!  Your constituents must be so proud.  No wonder Dems are endangered species

your thoughts? Since your mocking the great citizens of our country by mocking us day by day with your theatrical acts! 
now you can tweet on the go.  Keep up with what's in real time. Welcome to the 21st Century
get with your buddy hillery she hundreds stashes away she is not using any more
@RonnieBlaz2139
Tweet @POTUS - tons of fun.
And, that's not an April's Fool joke...? 
Choose a good Password for your GMAIL account. I think PODESTA2 Is available.
Schumer is a POS. One of you minions get him a bra for his man titties.
Your still mocked, now because of your policy, fighting supreme court nomin is wrong.
So you can tweet, no doubt...
Chucky, you were mocked because of your positions on issues. It was not because of your phone model.
Now you can tweet more instead of doing your job
You bought a gun and your going to end all. Great, that's wonderful news.
I love it 
No one cares go work with the GOP and fix our country
U got your Free Obama Phone
Let me guess.. a tree fell on you?
YOU Techie YOU... you will actually find it FUN!!  
I used to get mocked too. Then I got a Windows phone and it was bigger than an iPhone. Then the iPhone got bigger. #Cantwin
That is far from the ONLY thing you are mocked for.
Just in time for your mobile carrier to sell your data
I miss my flip phone every now and then!!
Taking a page out of LJ Gibbs' book! Flip be gone!
Haha good for you!
The @capitolcall app would make a nice addition to your home screen ;)
By the way, subscribe to a paid VPN service and set up your device's encryption.
welcome to 2017!
more secure with flip phone
Kinda miss the flip phones. You could remove the batteries easier.
Remember, sir, to keep what's best for all Americans, especially the less and least powerful, and our environment on speed dial. Thank you.
How's it going so far - getting used to it?
