On top of that, this #healthcare amendment totally destabilizes the health insurance marketplaces.
Government has no reason to be in the healthcare business look what you have done to Medicaid Medicare and social security stole the money
Remeber Scott Brown, Senator 41, and you Dems changed the rules to pass ACA?
One talking point, how does Ins. offering low coverage just to lower benefits something happens-no coverage,pre-existing. T Cruz bad news
Look at premiums now dope!
False
Obamacare is already LESS affordable than what was initially stated.Remember it isn't HEALTHCARE it is HEALTH INSURANCE.
Health insurance IS access TO healthcare. Affordable health care for all- SINGLE PAYER NOW
That single payer will cost the American people 1.7 Trillion a year.  EVERY YEAR. How are U going to pay for that EVERY YEAR?
No that's the ACA.  I understand you are old and your memory is failing.  Really need to retire. #DNCHypocrites
Pay for it yourself chucky you know - out of the george soros check you get every month
You're so full of it shock you have no clue what you're talking about you're just trying to throw negatives out there.
remember Schumer and stupid Pelosi who signed Obama care and then read it!
Hey Puppet, what do U have 2 say about  Scott Hamann's remarks about getting within 10 feet of @POTUS ?  will you disavow ?
Hey Chuck did you read the Bill yet?  Shut up and do your job!
Hope the trump supporters will be happier when they lose Obamacare.
Step up chuckles put us on your plan problem solved no complaints there clown 
Just like Obama care did when the Dems pushed it through saying we have to pass it to know what's in it
Totally false. Do yr homework. And well over a YEAR + 100's of Hearings was NOT RUSHED THRU. FACTS. They matter.
While Obama care melts like snow in August.
Have some more koolaide.
I hear the family of grifter in DC have plenty. They have a stand.
When history looks back and asks where were democrats when all this #TrumpRussia stuff was happening, history will show, saving healthcare.
Not exactly.  We are capable.of more than one thought at a time unlike R pols intent on killing ppl to hand money to 1%'er's. Sad.
Lie
stand strong on healthcare russia and budget all else rightnow secondary get gop on side of people if want to b reelected!
Any hearings or mtgs on Health Care Bill scheduled for the delayed recess? Senators NOT INCLUDED should follow the leaders-- @adaptwechange!
And yet, YOU don't advocate for #MedicareForAll. YOU'RE part of the problem. By not supporting it, YOU'RE protecting this transfer of wealth
What do you think the DNC did when they ended funding in 12/16?  Caused this mess! Don't put it on the GOP, we know better...
get that fact out there over and over
just like obama care without tax at the end
If you like your plan you can keep your plan ~ Avg Savings of $2500 per year ~ No added debt ~ Will create millions of jobs ~ ~~~ OBAMA 2010
That is a partisan rancorous and unprovable assertion. Where do you get your info?
Besides the issues we already have with healthcare, what about issues with Social Security program?
@SenateMajLdr @senrobportman how were the healthcare executives u met w/ during recess that kept u from meeting with constituents? #Cowards
Just like #ACA ?
Kinda like Obamacare huh?

I saw and felt the cost of my healthcare go up under your parties plan the AHCA. Thanks for screwing me
You can't trust career politicians like schumer to do anything right except sell out USA to line their pockets corruption is all schumer do
Obamacare has gone up 3times what insurance used to cost in ny
"Like your doc keep your doc, like your plan keep your plan" BHO
BS chuck!
dumbbell democratic
There isn't anything that even resembles Obamacare that will work. Repeal and replace is the only way to go.
U need 2 form a team against DJT f impeachment.No major legis/hires should transpire until we get 2 the bottom of this mess.He is dangerous!
Impeachment isn't going to happen.
Since when do democraps worry about cost of anything?
Obama care is an expensive lie need repeal now you liberals only care about control not peoples hipócritas!
GOP health plans mystery be stopped.  In reality, they are death plans
Remember that Obamacare was always expensive and is FAILING! #MAGA
ppl do ur research&read the real truths @GOP do a better job acting bratty than aff hlthcare 4most Americans.Millions will lose
You are describing ur beloved obama care Guess u finally read the law
And again the solution? I wat d my money in a luster like yourself
Really Chuck, how will offering more choices to Americans (Cruz) drive up costs? Please elaborate...
#Buffoon
Like it is now Chuckie
So you mean their amendment would just keep Obamacare then...apparently studies show Obamacare gave us an opioid epidemic
The problem with dwms is they use Common Core math...that's why its always wrong Schmucky..
#MAGA
Just like Obama care
that sounds like Obamacare. Premiums were outrageous. Why didn't u care thrn
#TrumpJr wanted #Clinton dirt- #CNN gave debate question to #Hillary -SO WHAT? FIX #healthcare -we pay pols insurance & have no #PPO option
More #fakenews about Healthcare from the Lyin', Cryin' Chuck. #zerocredibility
WHY THE FUCK DOES KUSHNER STILL HAVE A SECURITY CLEARANCE!!!!
What planet do you live on???
are you living in a bubble Obama care has driven prices so high no one can afford it now that's why so many are not enrolling
You do know Dems have put out so much crap will have to get sewers & sewage plant installed to clean it up
Blah blah blah, your like chicken little saying the sky is falling every time you open your mouth. ENOUGH!
I have lost my insurance 3 times now because of you & @BarackObama. Keep lying -- the MSM will protect you.
.@lisamurkowski @SenCapito @SenDeanHeller @SenatorCollins @SenRobPortman Keep #Premiums & #Deductibles Affordable 4 Everyone-Improve #ACA!
We are working on getting our Country back one seat at a time. Thank you for being there for us through this
Double flip. Two Oklahoma State legislative seats flipped red to blue tonight. State senate district 44 and House 75. Congrats @OkDemocrats!
You better come up with a plan when Trump refuses to leave office and Putin is threatening us to keep him.
The hateful Sen. Schumer does not know or care about that, he is out for himself, just like the other politicians.
It's already LESS affordable and LESS accessible Einstein
Sounds like what you did in 2010; shouldn't you love that?
@SenateGOP Any deal's must be to improve ACA. Your bill and ideas are dead. They will not pass and you will be voted out.
Fox News making blubbering idiots everyday
Chucky tiff love
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION! 
It's time to stop stalling & start doing the work of the AMERICAN PEOPLE!! 
People R catching on to your deception!
The GOP are planning literal #deathpanels and y'all need to address this better.  you, &, strategize better so we have fewer idiot voters.
Who believes that senator schumer actually posts his own tweets?  Anybody?
You spelled #obamacare wrong.
My dr and my plan went away my premiums are now so much more... you didn't know anything then u know less now
VOTERS DEMOCRATS, PRESS & MEDIA ARE ENABLED BY THEIR HATE OF TRUMP TO DESTROY USA! WE MUST START FIGHTING THEM!
CF MANAGING PARTNER F&F CPAs
That is exactly what Obamacare did.  We are there already.
Remember: "If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor." "...your premiums will go down."
We're on it. You keep twisting arms, ok? Hey .@SenToomey didya see this???
that is not a fact
Chuckie you don't know your right hand from your left hand
#ACA's mandatory minimums created a floor for what ins cos could offer. Cruz-Lee amendment turns minimum standard into de facto ceiling.
My premiums went up 83% under Obamacare, my deductible quadrupled, and I lost my doctor. I don't recall you caring about that at all, clown.
He doesn't care, he only cares about us paying for the poor, that's all he cares about.
Just like the ACA???
Healthcare; Save dying $. Asst. Those need it. Employer mandates. Control healthcare cost. All others prepare for your healthcare.
Chuck, you seem more rational than the #FarLeft loons that have taken over your party. Work together for the good of the country please.
https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/884939020471595008 …
You mean like NOW!?
We are in this healthcare mess because of you and the Dems. Yet you take no responsibility for it nor make any effort to clean up your mess.
Why don't these people give up . The president and his regime is tied to Russia focus on that. Just fix Obamacare make it even better
Chuck, these are not you tweeting on your account.  You hired someone to tweet on your behalf.  These tweets have been far to constructive.

It already is, due to the @AmerMedicalAssn /RUC cabal setting prices w/o govt negotiations...will that be addressed-or R U being paid off???
Defeat Senate health bill. Protect pre existing conditions. No lifetime caps. @RareDiseases  Vote NO! @SenatorCollins @senrobportman
Anymore less affordable than it is now? Come on Chuck work together to fix this disaster. I'm working to pay for ins. My mortgage is cheaper
Health Ins carriers have jacke rates for years to build up surplus for expanding ACA,where is all thay cash?Need an investigation.
Ohhh you mean just like Ocare did that you rammed down the throats of the ppl who pay your salary
b/c the outrageous premiums w/ outrageous deductibles in the ACA isn't already less affordable?  There's an AP for that! @AP4Liberty #MOSEN
FALSE!  You are an OBSTRUCTIONIST and LIAR!  Don't see you so concerned over the same issues with OBAMACARE you just mentioned!  Disgusting!
Americans are sooo tired of your petty crap Chuckie.
Remember crybaby chuck will say anything to derail progress of the @realDonaldTrump MAGA plan.A true tratior to the American people.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
SCHUMER IS JUST PLAYING HIS FOOOLS !
I'm sure chucky.  It's like ted tryna pass out rubbers.  A Lost cause.  @tedcruz ..where the hell is your cowboy hat?
Anything is an improvement over ocare. So stop the lies. The truth shall set you free.
You mean like Obamacare. You are pathetic. You say the same things you did
Remember we have to pass it so we can see what's in it and the ever-popular you can keep your doctor if you choose
Anything with nutty @SenTedCruz name on it is obviously total shit.
That's not the issue, we need major tax cuts.
It's not affordable for many Americans now I live in NYS and watched my senior parents suffer through this mess for years #MAGA
What please say this isn't your guys's plan for winning in 2018 this is not going to get it for you
Thank you @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats
Saving heathcare? It's a mess. They need to get out of the business. Just like education. They have done nothing to further them
Single payer now
Did you shed a tear?
Democrats strategy is to crush blue collar workers in Ohio, Michigan and Pennsylvania
like the AHCA the ACA is an immoral gift to health insurers that maximizes their profit and limits our care. no thanks. #singlepayer.
And that is not workable for anyone or any family of even average income.
