Why do people continue to take him seriously, be shocked, think that there's a solution to his presidency that involves him staying in WH?
Agreed. I am tired of that line of conversation. Trump has shown us who he is, and he is unfit for office. Let's act accordingly.
He’s actually so fit for office, we will see Trump 2020 in just 3 yrs
Oh man. @MaraLaGoFuckYou we have triggered. I want to tell them, "We'll see" but that's rarely enough. Facts don't matter and I'm tired.
The only facts are, cities like nyc behind the people’s back took secret funds to go against immigration and imported thousands of illegals
The democrats violated many laws, and made false promises to “dreamers” very disgusting.
Sigh. Democrats. Did you REALLY think that piece of shit was serious?
Of course he isn't...they don't belong here!  Nothing but a bunch of illegal *&^^%$*s.  Send them to the swamp.
Hello, Senator. Trump is not serious about anything other than the world revolving around himself. He has no other concerns. Period.
I am offended by your use of the term, "dreamers". It implies that you cannot have your dreams unless you enter the country illegally.
You are a liar, we are Americans who want to defend out Country against Illegals,... WHO ARE ILLEGAL.  Defend your American people.

God Bless you, I wish you well.
And what have you done to help. Nothing.
Hey Chuckie!  Make up your deranged mind old man!
.@SenSchumer vs. .@SenSchumer the next time someone says .@realDonaldTrump is racist show them this 
What have YOU done?
He did but you loser dems want open boarders and americans dont!
Pass a Clean Dream Act Tell Trump we will negotiate Border Wall for Gun control both are safety issues
Why are you so concerned about the children of illegal immigrants? Why aren't you concerned about the children of American citizens?
He's about votes votes votes. Not about YOU. Not about ME. Votes for personal gain. Period. Typical corrupt career politician.
Schumer, The 'Dreamers' are illegal, you took an oath to defend the Constitution, you lied.
He only took an oath for himself and money
If u want to protect them, help Trump with his border security plan so that we don't have same prob in 10 years. XChange 4 citizenship!
Build the wall.
With all due respect, why did you believe he would? When did he begin telling ANY TRUTHS?
Building the wall chuckie
Like there's anything you've done in good faith swampking
So are you saying Cryin Chuck is serious when he speaks?
.@SenSchumer vs. .@SenSchumer the next time someone says .@realDonaldTrump is racist show them this 
Tell me something you have made a good faith effort at Mr.Schumer  I live in NY, upstate NY, the place you good faith democrats abandoned.
C'mon, that's not nice. He helped double our debt to 20 trillion.
. Neither have you. Where is the legislation.  Have even approached the gop to pass a law? Probably not
Are you serious? ......really? 

https://youtu.be/MOUGPqtxZSc 
Make up you mind.  Stop your two-faced rants! Which way are you thinking today, Cryin Chuck.
.@SenSchumer vs. .@SenSchumer the next time someone says .@realDonaldTrump is racist show them this 
When you think you are as smart as the President you area fool.
make a deal You give a little and he gives a little....ideology will kill the deal and protect no one!  Make it happen ur a NYer
#Dreamers are human beings, NOT bargaining chips. SHAME on #Trump #TheRealDonaldTrump AGAIN, showing a lack of humanity and empathy
"Dreamers" are illegal immigrants just like their law breaking illegal immigrant parents. Obey immigration laws or pay the price!
How much did Weinstein donate to you, Chuck?
Have you been to that island
The level of racism & #whiteprivledge in these comments shows exactly why #DonTheCon is prez.
Chuckle really doesn't know what his own opinion on illegals is:
.@SenSchumer vs. .@SenSchumer the next time someone says .@realDonaldTrump is racist show them this 
They don't need to be protected, they are illegal end of story. How about you start protecting legal residents and US citizens?
I don't see him doing anything that'll protect the #Dreamers. That in itself should tell America who he really is. #RacistTrump #Resist
had years to do paperwork, so why isn’t it done? Not TRUMPS fault, do you take any responsibility for not doing what you were supposed to

Your the man in charge of this! Why you blaming POTUS?
#maga build the wall and deport
We have bigger problems then dealing with the thousands of illegals obama and clintons allowed to flood in here.
We The People Are Not You Work For Us !! DEPORT THEM ALL IMMEDIATELY!!CRY CHUCKY CRY
The Germans know what Trump is.
These floats are always so on point.
So are their magazine covers and ads.....
"Dreams" "Nightmares" , "Legal" "Illegal" , "Good" "Evil" they're all the same to a Democrat
If YOU were serious about protecting America , YOU sure as hell aren't showing it , not all are a "Dream"
Once you learn to distinguish between "Dreamers" and "Nightmares" he'll work with you more
Really? Yours is amnesty fir nothing, rewarding #daca parents.
Why should he? Your party has done the bait and switch on this too many times with border security never coming. Fool me once
Dems not in touch with the US citizens.  Put us 1st. Secure our borders.
We the people of AMERICA support @POTUS, Dreamers are illegal, but should have a path to citizenship, NOT amnesty. Schumer political POS!
When you are forced to walk out on the deal to avoid making things worse for immigrants.
2
You still don't get it. The deal was a setup. He will make impossible demands so he can claim dems failed to protect dreamers
1/
Below we see Chuckles TWO (2) biggest HEROES!!  And like Chuckles....TRUE supporters of 'Women's Rights'!
Whatcha looking at Chuck?
D&R's need to find a veto-proof bill to work on and pass that Trump hates... and be put in his place by an over-ride of his veto.
If the Senators & Congressmen were serious about protecting #AMERICANS they would all wk with @POTUS on securing our borders & upholding law
You have never made good faith effort EXCEPT for your own disgusting political agenda. LIAR PoliticalHack Corrupted
Show you care about actual Americans and build the wall then you can keep the dreamers
trump lies.
Because the #soCalledPotus_is_a_Liar
Shocker. He's not serious about anything but his own ego Chuck. We all know this.
As a NY resident, I say No Wall, Then No Dreamers. We are tired of you not representing legal Americans rather than criminal illegals.
Go away chucker
There are too many jackasses in your party! Oh my bad that is your mascot. I'll leave that there!
The last democrat was JFK. Now your party is the socialist party!
Chuck my wonder most blacks voted for Trump. The proof is in your actions! Every dem city is a shit hole in crime!
Funny chuck how illegals are more important than healthcare issues and tax reform but u focus on illegals  (non Americans) !
And what are you doing about it
I wonder if Chuck, Nancy  @BarackObama or @HillaryClinton  heard about WEINSTEIN???
And what have you done to help them...nothing! This will be on you if you don't compromise. We need a wall
cc @Twitter @TwitterSupport this is an inflammatory statement that is likely to evoke a strong negative reaction.  please remove immediately
1. @realDonaldTrump is president 2. Dreamers not part of congressional legislation and there4 not hear legally 3. without #ruleoflaw #ByeBye
When do legal citizens matter? Dreamers as you call them are here illegally.
Love how #liberals talk about Native American rights then import African Arabs and Mexicans.
Heard of Aztecs? The committed genocide.

You are putting ILLEGAL immigrants before us Americans hope your not planning on reelection Thank GOD for President Trump he is an AMERICAN
Hi Chuck.. Nice picture with you and Harvey Weinstein. Did he autograph it for you?
I hope you show us that you care as much about healthcare and reducing taxes for American citizens as you do dreamers.
How about the dreamers in CHICAGO, they dream of peace in their streets!
Chuck. What do you stand for?
Imagine that. Donald Trump isn’t good for his word
I'd rather he protect us from the "Dreamers" - aka illegal immigrants.
I can’t believe you thought this was going to go any other way
In whose opinion?
Please pass a clean #DreamAct
IF? It is time to get out of the ambiguous zone Chuck. You got played. Get MAD. Stand up and FIGHT. Give DT a dose of his own medicine.
How about supporting the wall. Sounds like a good exchange.
When do we get serious about protecting American Citizens? Serious about ending low wages created by illegal aliens?
You should’ve known from the beginning he’s not a man of his http://word.You  sound as naïve as the deplorable‘s who supported him!
Chuck the Smuck got played #NODACA
... and STOP SHAKING HIS HAND! (No telling whats on it)
The more you believe in his good faith the more he is going to lead you around like a dog begging for leftovers. #StopTalkingAndAct #Impeach
Did you not figure out where his good faith leads, Chuck? It leads to him LYING again. There is no deal w a person that lacks integrity!
superman was the first dream, then deport him, lolololl we stand with the dreamers!

This president is serious about nothing he lies he cheats and he will screw anyone including you no deal with the devil!!! Or you are out!!!
Chuck, how do you justify to the US citizens the 150 billion cost paid by taxpayers for illegal aliens. We are waiting. @realDonaldTrump
.@POTUS HAS TRIED TO WORK WITH LEFT BUT THEY WON'T WORK WITH HIM CUZ THEY DON'T GIVE A CRAP ABOUT "THE PEOPLE"! They wld rather piss R off
.I was sympathetic for them BUT seems everytime I see them on tv they are being violent destructive & DEMANDING rights! GO HOME!
No if you're serious you will fund the wall because we need to keep law breakers out &no one agreed to anything else. Taxpayers want a wall.
Why are you so determined to ruin this country...?  WHY?????
RAISE act for the DREAM act or you are the one who is not serious, Senator.
Do u even know what your saying?
They all have to become models or strippers for him to want them to stay, like @FLOTUS.
He has. Now it's your move. Accept the deal.
Protecting them is your job Chuck. The house and senate are the bodies who make laws in this country. I’m surprised you didn’t know that.
#ApprenticePotus is not serious about anything other than his reality tv-like sideshow & getting adulation from cultist followers.
Bill Clinton, Weinstein, Anthony wiener!! See a pattern here liberals? The left has no respect for women, They lie to you, Disgraceful
@POTUS has extended a lifeline to #Dreamers You refused!! Pass #ImmigrationReform #SecureTheBorders #BuildTheWall
Who is going to pay for the wall????  A little louder now:  Who is going to pay for the wall????  https://youtu.be/VZzA4CsqoWM 
Who said anything about Trump or his staffers acting in good faith?His actions to date prove he is not acting in good faith, except2himself.
PUT AMERICAN CHILDREN FIRST, NOT ILLEGAL FOREIGNERS.  DUMP THE RACIST, LYING, CRYING CHUCK.
We the People no that it doesn't matter what Trump does it will never satisfy you unless he's out of office so let's be real
Chuck, he has no idea what "Good Faith" means.
Doesn't surprise me
Have you?
Senator, are you Ok with the way the group of SF #Dreamers treated Mrs. Pelosi? Called her a “Liar” and demanded naturalization for all 11M?
He's not serious.  He can't be trusted, you of all people should know this,
#impeach
Takes two to tango.
He a mess to talk to
If you wanted this “taken care of” so badly, why didn’t the democrats take care of it when your party had the presidency, house, and senate?
Why do you hate Dreamers, Chuck? You could save them all by just giving America its border protections. But you obviously don’t care.
Just goes to show you how democrats are not willing to work towards solutions.
You mean illegals voters don't you Chuck?
Thanks for being as gullible as we all knew you were. *Sigh*
You don't even know what good faith is Schumer, give this jack rabbit the boot! 
Time for a rude awakening Chucky baby ;)
I think you are using the dreamers as a political tool.
please tell us what have you done in the past 10 yrs in office to resolve the problem of illegal immigration? stop throwing stones & resolve
Illegal DACA MOLESTED CHILDREN!  WHO IS PROTECTING WHO???? illegal Killed 2 Children & Their Father recieved 2 years prison! SHAME ON YOU!
illegals cost us 137 billion a year! you're a traitor! Put America first! No Amnesty!
You & the rest of you treasonous IMPOSTERS are SCREWING ALL AMERICANS OVER!  #NODACA #NoAmnesty #NoAnchorBabies #FireCongress
YOU WORK 4 THE AMERICAN PPL!  NOT!  We are sick & tired of you & the rest of CONGRESS protecting Illegals & that includes the so called DACA
DO NOT GIVE IN TO THE FUNDING OF A COMPLETE BORDER WALL.  NON STARTER !!!!!
Can somebody tell me how this son of bitch with Nancy p. 2 people, can hold this country hostage from getting anything done this is bullshit
Why did you think he was serious?  He doesn't care about anyone but himself & money, and the #Dreamers can't really help his pocketbook.
Americans first
Get'em Senator Schumer
Chuck Obama broke the law . He can't have a Dreamers law only congress makes the law
Look up definition of negotiation and compromise. Good relationships require both.
He’s busy protecting US citizens!!
Sorry Senator, you're WRONG, again...President serious about protecting American citizens. 
Key word: citizens.
Why don't you make a good faith effort to support the laws that congress has passed and stop whining?
I love how annoying we are
You are the epitome of Anti-American, your job, insurance benefits, pension, disastrous influence and theatrics should immediately cease.
Time to invoke article 25 and call it. Trump is unfit for office.
Save the dreamers Chuck. Build the wall or America will face dreamers II.
Newsflash The U.S. got INVADED by 11 MILLION UNLAWFUL IMMIGRANTS (aka "fake" Americans) who demand rights, and aren't grateful. #END-DACA
Chuckie's more interested in protecting his 'investments' that might be affected...
those "dreamers" are illegals, here illegally regardless of how, and this is a country of laws first, no1 should cut line to become legal
Chuck you just got played by President Donald J Trump
Support the Pres Plan!  Foreigners have no intrinsic right to live here.  More than a reasonable deal for unreasonable politicians.
Chuck - this is a great opportunity for you to cry
The parents of so called"dreamers" should be arrested for endangering the welfare of a child. Look at the damage thy did to their children!
The ball is in your court. Fix it now.
Good he should not be trying to protect them they need a foot in their ass as they are shown the border!!!!
i think trump burned you and nancy
When Dems get done with their BS,letting in millions of poor,uneducated, they'll have a banana republic with US citizens working for peanuts
Two reasons why Dems want illegals to come in-votes and to bankrupt US for a more austere form of government.
And what good faith efforts have u made? Where is ur side of compromise? U simply want it all ur way. Not much of a leader!
If you are serious about protecting US citizens, you would close our borders to prevent criminals, guns, poor, welfare dependent from entry.
Citizens aren't stupid. We know EXACTLY what's going on with Obama at the helm of a coup using his anarchist groups,Muslim refugees.
It's you guys in Congress that pass laws, not the President.  SO GET OFF YOUR DUFFS, AND DO SO !!!!!!!!!!!!
Are you serious about closing our borders to stop Obama's flow of guns and fighters from coming in for his coup or are you complicit?
Chuck Israel has tough immigration laws. I assume you wouldn't fault Israel for protecting their people. Why can't Trump protect his people?
You didnt agree to a border wall? it's blackmail
Psychopaths love to watch your emotional responses because they don't feel like normals. Go cold stone. Don't feed the monster.
@SenSchumer Ridiculous.  Potus has no intention of cooperating about anything. #impeach is your only avenue, please stop pretending.
Your lack of care for the american people is astounding. I don't know why I keep getting elected.
This is on your hands. And the illegal who was driving with no license that killed a father and his 2 small children
Yes they have u haven't made a good effort. You and the DEMS have blocked everything. And America is getting fed up with it.
And if you were serious you would do your job instead of tweeting.  Congress's job to make laws not POTUS!
You don't really want to deal, do you
.@realDonaldTrump is trying to hold peoples lives hostage to a campaign promise. Just plain disgusting! The man has no compassion or empathy
Seems like you care more about ILLEGALS than American Citizens.
It's called compromise, cry baby.
I really dont think they've made ANY good faith effort in anything good
Any positive ever come out of you mouth. Charles
If you had any self respect you would do your job and stop fighting the President every chance you get. Grow up.
You have 6 months to help and change the laws. Get off of twitter and get to work!

Chuck being used to play GOP.
U aren't serious about stopping opioids. 5500 people die ea month because of opioids,... whats ur good faith effort. #whydowepaypoliticians
chuck, they have to go back!
So why do you bother with him! He’s a grifter. Move to impeach before we’re fried by NK! #WakeUpAndSmellTheBorscht
As my father would say, if a frog had wings, he wouldn't bump his ass.
 tRumps a white Supremacist
Why on earth would you think his "word" was worth a thing!"Good Faith" was not a quality he has ever had~
He only cares if they are eastern European and willing to date him when his current marriage finally ends in divorce.
He wants his wall in return don't give it to him he is a looser
He just wanted his crappy wall. Don't give it to him. Like Sen. Corker said "He's not qualified"
Chuck could save Dreamers (kids) today from evil Trump, take the deal and save these poor kids now! take deal before its pulled off table!
He's not serious about anything
He is willing to work with you to certain extent. Obama just did what he wanted, i'm just finding out. Sometimes I vote for wrong person.
Stuff it Chuckie!
