In Western New York in 2015, there were 308 opioid-related deaths, an increase of 292 from 2004.
In the Southern Tier, in 2015, there were 90 opioid-related deaths, an increase of 88 people from 2004.
In Hudson Valley, in 2015, there were 295 opioid-related deaths, an increase of 279 people from 2004.
In the North Country, in 2015, there were 59 opioid-related deaths, an increase of 56 people from 2004.
In the Capital Region, in 2015, there were 106 opioid-related deaths, an increase of 96 people from 2004.
In Central New York, in 2015, there were 158 opioid-related deaths, an increase of 156 people from 2004.
In Rochester & the Finger Lakes region, in 2015, there were 119 opioid-related deaths, an increase of 110 people from 2004.
We need real solutions in this opioid crisis. Not CUTS to programs like #Medicaid that help the most.
Prevention is the the way to go no point shutting the gate after the donkeys are gone
Opioid deaths correlate with increased Medicaid. More access
you've been a politician for along time good politicians foresee problems and fix before they become a crisis u dropped the ball
Do you have dental coverage? Do NYS Medicaid recipients >64 have dental coverage? I'm on Medicare, I don't. Why is that?
In NY we need real governance, can't wait to vote you out Chuck


Stop providing Medicaid for Medicare excluded services like dental for those =>65. If Fed says no/unnec, why should NYS Medicaid provide?
NY has enough money to fight the problem themselves, ask Wall Street Chucky! So Sad you rely on others to bail you out!
Dont you think you need to stop the narco from coming in chuckee
Who pays for Medicaid???
Respectfully, you have the cart before the horse. Stop over prescribed pharmaceutical drugs and you will stop Opiad deaths? Do SOMETHING!
He won't! Kickbacks from those companies
You need to stop obstructing. You are anti-American.
I would question the black market more then doctors
You need Medicaid to support NY illegal population.
What have you done for your state to help? You sure haven't helped with the Senate healthcare bill. Just sat back and bitched. Good job.
No amount of statistics is going to make us want to support those who have Medicaid and can work. Seems u have a problem with opioids in ny
Blah,blah,blah stop letting the drugs come in
Shame U weren't one of them! U cryin, lyin swamp creature who's a subversive anti-American. U pushed ACA & know it has failed. U liar !
Throwing more money at the problem won't solve it!!
Don't u know they r working on that already&not just 4Ny everywhere listen 2 @potus once in a while&you would know. Geez even I knew that.
Schmuck
#VoteNoBCRA #ProtectOurCare
Opioid deaths so addicts addiction is a choice an should not be covered by medicaid
Not just opioids, women deserve healthcare. Are we back in the dark ages? I thought we fought that fight.
Medicaid contributes to easy access to prescription drugs - put controls in place
In NY we need less regulation, more jobs less need for Medicaid. That will lead to less opiate use
Explain please! What does medicaid have to do with Opioids? Medicaid is health insurance for the poor, not a drug enforcement tool.
Why doesn't the state of NY pay for all of their Healthcare needs?  I hate seeing #MyTax$ going to someone who could work but decided not to
And who's fault is this? And why should Medicaid take care of junkies?
Stay out of my pockets
Seems these dates were when you were in power ! Why didn't you address it then ?
Cause the dems don't care about the constituents.. they just want to be in power..! STUPID DONKY DEMS..!
REALITY CHECK: The Simple GOP Health Care Equation:
Lower Taxes For Very Wealthy = Little To No Health Ins. For Rest of America
So you want the entire population to billions to help 1100 poops addicts who made selfish decisions?  I mean help but don't bleed us dry
Doctors prescribe them far too often. Medical community members addicts too. In India I got 3 days of Tramadol after a mastectomy. 
Hello.
Listening to Schumer, one would think that their were thousands of people dying every day.  Yet all the shootings in Chicago go unnoticed?
Cause it's racist to bring it up (laughing so hard rite now) that's why it's not brought up..!
STOP giving Medicaid to ILLEGALS!
DIS CRAZY SCAMER WANTS TO PAY FOR DOPE IN NY [MEDICAID] BASTARD
Blame the doctor asshat @SenSchumer
and which political party was in charge in Albany & DC?
Let's not fix Healthcare, let's throw $1.7 billion bandaid on it called obamacare, then when the GOP tries to fix it, we'll resist. #dumb
You don't need medicaid you need a wall chuck! Where do you think the drugs are coming from? Stop the problem don't enable it. #buildthewall
You need jobs. So people stop depending on Medicaid. I never see a real solution from you. Just keep spending what we don't have.#stopthebs
let them kill themselves on overdose.  good riddance
No one is taking Medicaid away!  Why don't you concentrate on what is needed in preventing the Opioid addiction! OBSTRUCTIONIST!!!
Hey chuck you ever think about having big pharmaceuticals pay for the opioid problem instead of taxpayers
The REALreason you need Medicaid is to cover your 6 million free loaders in New York that vote Democratic
Medicare won't solve this problem.
You spent the entire day replying to your own tweets. Congrats on wasting time and tax dollars.
You Democrats have already destroyed Medicaid back off of it and find another way
enough is enough these people choose to do this! no more money
You need to speak the truth.  We're all sick of the chucky angles persona
And What have u done about the Opioid crisis, Nothing !!!! But you can and have complained all these years bout issues in NYS, shame on you
A president who owes hundreds of millions to Putin, is beyond me.
Thank you Mr. Schumer, for supporting the views of your constituents! How anyone with intelligence can continue to support ...
Why do we have to pay for other people's poor choices Chuckie?
Self inflicted!  Are we to feel sorry for those and foot the bill!?   Nope
Hey chuck, blacks have ALWAYS said Whites only care about themselves...Well DAMN! Guess we were wrong !
So why didn't you and the Dems purpose legislation to help.  Why do you and the Dems only complain.  You should be proactive not regressive
Government is NOT the solution. Send these programs to the States.
@jennybethm
@TenthAmendment
@Heritage
@freedomcaucus
#RepealObamacare
What does Medicaid have to do with drug abusers?  Quit fear mongering!
Legislate against! That could work LOL. look how well the war on drugs is working. 30 yrs waging, budget from  few millions to billions. LOL
Wouldn't it be better to get people jobs with decent wages and get them off medicare. Oh, they would stop voting for Dems!
Bingo..!! There it is..!!
Where have been for the last 11 years Chucky.... obviously not doing your job !!
get the economy going ,maybe opioid use would go down if people had the sense of well being,something to look forward to
If you need #Medicaid that badly then you aren't doing much in the job area, or the area of reducing welfare rolls.
I broke my ankle and was on pain medication but when I wasn't in pain I quit taking them then you won't get addicted to them its people faul
Opioids are covered by all insurance..not just Medicaid..Resign Meatball
Bc not enough support for the men in blue to stop the  on I-87 (heroin highway) headed to Vt and NH. This is YOUR doing!
You need Medicaid to buy your votes
Trump is not cutting Medicaid , Chuckie quit lieing to America
Liberals need to wake up and see you're losing your rights. A woman can choose an abortion but I can't choose my healthcare?
You're r lying to your base sir. All you want is single payer health care. Tell your base the truth
Medicaid is not goin to be cut senator stop lying. The senate bill is more liberal than even obamacare. Nothing is getting cut
Overdosing. You're using this as an excuse to get more medicaid and eventually Govt run healthcare.
Enough of the opioid deaths senator.  You're trying to keep aca I'm place so u can move to single payer. U don't care about druggies
What does opioid deaths have to do with medicaid? It shouldn't be used to cover drug adicts
I fear the war on opioid addiction will be as successful as the war on poverty, drugs, etc
Up until now chuck, what have you done about it?
The millions you have spent on lost election, if you care so much you should of given that money to Medicaid, maybe u don't care 2much
Opioid abuse is a choice Chuck. They chose to put the needle in their arm.
If you're the senator of new york then why haven't you done anything to minimize drug use in your state? You use medicaid to help druggies?
If you really care, take the lead on this issue in New York and work with the state legislature to pass a tax bill to address this crisis.
Hi! I'm a New Yorker. Thank you for opposing the #TrumpCare #WealthCare bill. New Yorkers are against it too.
Why wasn't this addressed in 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007,2008,2009,2010,2011,2012,2013,2014 & 2015? This deplorable performance on your part.
Geez Chuck, your ass is showing. You don't need Medicaid, you need to limit dispersal. Medicaid will increase it.
It's obvious that Pres. Obama with the help of Dems have destroyed the health ins market, I write a check every month! I KNOW YOUR LIES NOW!
Medicaid spending is going up $120B, less of an increase is not a decrease.  So..can't these additional needs be addressed by the states?
If you would build the wall to increase border security, the flow of heroin would be slowed. P.S. Heroin is an opioid.
we need,we need,we need,is all you parrot,just obstruct & complain while having no answers for problems you created
In my own Community I see people constantly overdosing but what stops them from the continuing on the drugs
That's your baby Schumer how did NY get in such terrible financial trouble. How can we trust u with the country when u run NY in the ground.
I remember getting health care was an incentive to get a job. Now people get free food, health care, housing. Over 80 government freebies.
Hey Chuck he's so worried about all these drug addicts put them on your insurance policy and leave the rest of us alone
You have Medicaid, now.  Why are opioids deaths increasing?  It seems like you are proving the point that Medicaid hasn't helped.
I guess their congressman hasn't noticed. OH HE CUT A DEAL THAT SCREWS NYC
John Q is getting screwed, royally. That's our politicians.
then get rid of Ll the fraud. Please
#Fearmonger
Another obstructionist. Do nothing just complain! Where is ur solution? U want to keep a dead system! Resign Schumer u fool! 
@politico_z red states make a killing with #pillmills..why insure your constituents when u can profit off their self medication
You never get tires of spending tax money on the lazy Chuckie !!
Chuck, do you believe Congress can fix the $50 Billion Dollars that are lost EVERY year to Medicare/Medicaid fraud.  #FixTheFraud
I think they are going to continue to go up Sir. It is out of control. Big Pharma is complicit. If they get dropped off a cliff.
Please please let the Republicans know you guys are willing to work with them to get this job done. A one party solution will not work.
Medicaid was never intended to cover all the people that are now on it. How do you propose to pay for it? Just borrow more from China.
It is not illegal for New Yorkers to take care of New Yorkers fyi
Interesting.  Thinking a certain way is a disease too?!  You must be terminal.
I'd need Opioids too if you represented me Cryin' Chuck!
Chuck, NY waited till it became an epidemic. Instead of raising soft drink tax u should fought drug crime. Why should I pay for ur problem?
I don't want to pay for a bunch of drug attacks to receive Methadone  why don't you fund a drug clinic with  the money you do nothing for
With this new health care bill maybe they can have better options
How exactly does Medicaid do this? Better to clean up the inner cities, provide good jobs, stop gangs & the flow of Mexican & other drugs
You bet against America....shame, shame.  Put energy into getting people off Medicaid instead of attacking POTUS....work with him. USA first
Don't get suckered into bailing Trump out. He & republicans are destroying health care against the ppl's wishes
How does your insurance plan pay chucky and how much do you pay for it. If the anwser is zero you shouldn't even have a say
Medicaid will stop opioid deaths? Maybe if New Yorkers had better representation they wouldn't turn to drugs! Dems are destroying New York!
, use abandon NYS Hoptail sites for rehab. YOU GIVE UP YOUR SALARIES & BENIFETS TO NYS TO HELP CARE. Taxpayers NOT pay for others mistake
Schumer is not doing much to deal with opioids in NY- increased deaths most everywhere!
Like he or any other politician could make a difference. Those using need to take responsibility for their actions.
Pharmaceutical opioids don't just kill ppl when they r abused, they kill ppl when they r used at all. Check it out Chucky
Then you need to go after the pharmaceutical industry & make them pay for the damage they have done & fight for a FAILED program.
Oh that will be because of the $500mil you voted to cut from it in last administration I guess Chuckles
New proposal does NOT cut Medicaid-  slows rate of growth! Do NOT mislead people!
If they can't keep the ppl dependent on the system, they lose the votes..that's all they care about! Schumer can kiss my Irish ass!
I'm done paying more taxes. Stop asking me to pay for someone else's problem. Now I have to pay for other kids college. When does it stop.
Your heart is the same size as the Grinch!
We should use grants to individual states so we can better control the ballooning cost of Medicaid.
What about the people who HC you stripped and no longer can afford HC. It was given to someone else for free. How is that fair?
More jobs and less illegals and we do not need Medicaid so much.
Maybe get rid of the gangs and illegals who are poisonous to our youth you are pathetic clown schumer
What crisis. The crisis of no job growth and opportunity under 8 years of Obama ?
GOV giving high amount of $ on Medicaid helps them get the drugs!! Then Medicaid HC pays bill when they OD on drugs. Reduce MC ->redc drugs
And Obama did nothing? Wow!
When does it stop going up?
How is Medicaid going to fix a drug dependence? Let states pay Medicaid, not feds
that's why we need to BUILD THE WALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yea because YOU disrespect police & give Sanctuary to Drug Lords! @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @WashTimes #NoSanctuary #NoFunds 
Lunacy has also spiked in the us senate-just saying
LEGALIZE EVERYONE FREE NOW. IMPEACH ILLEGITIMATE PENCE ADMINISTRATION FLYNN GUILANI GINSBURG DUNES MANAFORT  ALL OTHERS
You are addressing the results not the source.  Support mandatory law enforcement for all drug crimes.
What % of your income do you donate to charity each year, rich lifetime government employee?
The constitution was written to protect us from people like you.
#rural #Doctors #hospitals may close or suffer so dearly that only #evil could vote for or sign @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell's #Trumpcare
STOP DEPORTATIONS YOUNG KIDS CALLED ME CRYING DAD SICK  WILL BE DEPORTED TO GUANTANAMO PRISON CUBA NOT SEE AGAIN
EVERYONE WANTS MINIMUM WAGE NATIONWIDE NO LESS THAN $15. HR. GUARANTEED INCREASES  $.50 EVERY 3 YRS. CONGRESS GET $7.49 HR
So there are no rules in Medicare/Medicaid governing prescriptions of addictive opioids? @ABQJournal, @AnnCoulter,@SenatorTomUdall
WHY DONT YOU FRAME THIS ACA REPEAL AS A BIG TAX CUT FOR WEALTHY LAWMAKERS? THEY GIVING THEMSELVES BIG TAX CUT?
Stupid chuck the ones died are on Obama's watch
You're not SERIOUS! I kid. Hudson Valley needs every penny.
Welfare reform...stop paying for the drugs idiot. Pharmacies keep records,go after the Drs that are over prescribing. This is not hard stuff
You & @NancyPelosi must begin 2 tie #Trumpcare with #TrumpU con & the bankrupt Trump Taj Mahal and other Trump failures.Grow some balls @DNC
FREE COLLEGES UNIVERSITIES GRADUATE MEDICAL LAW SCHOOLS REGISTRATIONS BOOKS NOW. DISGRACE GOV DON'T OFFER & FREE HEALTHCARE
Why is fixing Obamacare to make it affordable for all so problematic? GOP, stop playing politics with people's lives! Engage Dems. Resolve!!
And Democrats are to blame.
Its great to see you care for addicts NOW but do any past crack/heroin addicts who did yrs in prison, families who lost kids get any care?
FREE, GREAT, COMPLETE HEALTHCARE, DRUGS, OPTICAL, DENTAL, FOR EVERYONE.  WE CHOSE, PHYSICIANS SPECIALISTS, HOSPITALS. NOW
You should start holding real press briefings at the same time as the President, to give the press options. *nods sagely* #AHCA #indivisible
We need Universal Health Care like the rest of the world.  Want to win elections?  Change your neoliberal policies and austerity
Universal healthcare means government involvement in everything and long wait times for MRI and CAT Scan
Look to Canada, Finland, France, etc.  You've been fed capitalist garbage.
Ask the Canadians! They have to wait months to get appointment for MRI
Not the Canadians I know
All the countries you mentioned are Capitalist countries. Guess they suck. You could always go to Cuba or N. Korea.
Socialist Capitalist countries, not communist.  Get real.  And the countries I mentioned have universal health care - they are freer than us
They are freer because they have universal healthcare? You do not make sense. You condemn Capitalism yet praise the countries that are
Sorry Chuck, Medicaid also was not created to take care of prescription drug abusers. Usually families help loved ones addicted Two drugs
