I hope this is the end of Mitch. Kentucky please vote him out next time around
We have tried
Ur party lost...u don't get to dictate when u get to see a new bill since u refused to help with it. Not fooling ppl with this silliness.
Obamacare is killing me it needs to go! Don't let the Dems scare you read the bill and don't listen to the haters like the Demsand the media
@SenSchumer @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr 
Brings back Memories of Pelosi's tactics!!
What Bill? At best all GOP has is some twisted, self serving idea of a bill. Legislative Vaporware. After 8 years, they have NO Plan.
Old Schumer said he didn't want anything to do with it Which is it
Reason is obvious. If Christ Himself wrote the Bill u Dems would tear it apart 2 MSM.
@SenJeffMerkley @SenSchumer @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr
Hey did Pelosi show us the bill?

#askingforafriend
the draft is on line for ALL to see, do you not have a computer?  problem with draft then you have opportunity to make voice known
I thought you had to pass it to see what's in it... 
#ShowUsTheBill "have to pass it to see whats in it"...  who said that Senator Hypocrit?
Your leader Sleezy Schumer stated on 2 occasions he would permit no demwit senator to vote for it.Need new leadership if U want 2 see bills!
karma

Why is it different when Dems when they can sneak OBAMACARE to be shoved through W/O 1 Republican & NONE OF YOU KNEW WHAT WAS IN IT??
Why do you need to see it? Your leadership already said they were going to obstruct the process. Shows the Democrats are the party of no.
Well you got it now. Can you read!
Mc Connell is a betrayer of his country.
Uhm, Dems did the same thing, remember?
You should try reading it before commenting on it.
Hmmmmm.... But we have to pass the bill to see what's in it. Now everyone wants to read things.
Thanks for all your hard work!
It isn't done yet. You will see it when the adults are done working on it. Now, go back to your room and wait.
You get the bill when ready. Why would any invite obstructionist to work on any team. We need productive professional Senior Senators
Did you ask to see the ACA bill 13 times? B/c I don't recall a single Democrat demanding transparency when ACA was being passed. Hypocrites
Why didn't YOU stand up for what's right for the people when you were in the majority?  How come YOU don't have Obamacare Jeff?  You own it!
"We Have to Pass the Bill So That You Can Find Out What Is In It"
You have to pass it before you can read it!
Disgraceful.
" we have to wait to pass it so we can see what's in it " Nancy Pelosi
How about showing us what Democrats are for?  Buy some airtime and show us your plan. How about leadership?
Fool ass Chuck with his stupid ass reading glasses

Sign it then you can see it. Sorry, you made the rules.
Schumer already stated that his party will block and delay POTUS @ every turn. GOP needs to move forward and be progressive & firm on #MAGA
All fluff for your voters. Your owners don't want you to help majority heal USA. Divide & conquer is all you have.
Think BO CARE!!!!!
So FUNNY!!!!!!
Seems vaguely familiar.....Oh yeah!  Sort of what YOU did with Obamacare
I thought you had to pass it before it could be read. Nothing you all are doing makes sense
Isn't that what the dems did???  "Pass it so we the tax payer can see what is in it"
You guys didn't let the American people read. nor anyone else. "You got to pass it before you can read it. Hypocrites.

Your bill appears to be working like a charm, you guys suck and keep losing. Just give it up, the days of free shit are over 
How can they show you the bill when it still in the process of being drafted.Did you tell your wife's OBGY to show you the baby before birth
its stupid crap like this why dems need new leaders, they lost spec election cause these ppl lost credibility
Rich the you Dems have convenient memories you have nothing to whine about
Have you thought of kidnapping McConnell and releasing him in exchange for the proposed bill?
No need to see that this bill is even DEADLIER than the house billPls stop this bill! MERCY!

Is that why the Democrats  hid the ACA?
gee senator, we have to pass it to see what's in it,  remember those famous words of your leader in Obama care
Why should they show U? Chuckie said it doesn't matter what the bill is, Democrats won't approve the bill! smh
You should definitely continue. The more people's moms & dads die cuz they don't have healthcare, the more you become a target.  I like it.
How about Obamacare, where Dimms didn't know what was in the  bill until it passed (Dimms only vote). Keep your Dr & your plan. Hypocrisy!
Are you telling us that you and others don't know procedural rules to have them comply with your Democracy? @Granma_English
Like the dems with Obama Care. I bet we see it before it's voted on unlike the dems.
Don't forget that Obamacare was voted on at 1AM on Christmas Eve morning
GO SCRATCH SCUMABG!
Yeah and Dingbat Pelosi said you have to pass Obloopercare to find out what is in it.
Your obstructionist what do you expect They want to work and you dont Just like sending bad children to their rooms when you have work to do
Dems have a short memory, Dems constructed a bill behind closed doors, then told people, " if you want to see it you have to vote for it".
Why do you want to see it your an expert on its contents already and all DEMS are NO anyway why waste time on your obstruction?
Life comes at you fast. Remember this
If we know it's so bad, why the he'll do we have to see it? Just figure out how to stop it!!!
Why are you blocking us @SenateMajLdr? This isn't russian we the ppl demand transparency!
Hello? How many times are these idiots going to blame the Dems for writing this atrocity of AHCA?
Obamacare is destroying the medical community-Walla Walla Get Hospital is closing-UofW med is slashing $4million from budget-
Dems are all frauds
Maybe you should ask @SenSanders to show you that single payer bill he promised.
You're not interested in seeing the bill you're interested in embarrassing oregonians and resisting
Keep it up #HoldTheFloor
...that is how the process is supposed to work in case you forgot.  Its not meddle in the process, cry to the media and obstruct, as you do.
IT'S CHUCKY "THE SHYSTER" SCHUMER AT THE SAME NONSENSE AGAIN. WE DON'T NEED A USELESS SENATOR LIKE HIM
Hummm. Wonder who taught them to go alone?#obama care
When did pelosi show the bill? What did she say,"we must pass this bill so we can find out whats in it" WE DO NOT FORGET HOW U SHIT ON US
Why aren't Democrats proposing improvements to Obamacare? otherwise you simply sit on the sidelines Make a case to the American people
I wouldn't show you bird brains anything either you obviously can figure anything out. You passed Obamacare nuff said.


100% BS like everything you try and shove down our throats. Just more lies. Just because you say it doesn't make it so
#Democrats will bash the bill no matter what. #Liberals don't care about the American people, only staying in power.  #aca #ahca #trumpcare
Well, the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News, all the money spent = 0
Serious question: by what authority can they do that?
Shameful
@SenSchumer @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr 
@SenateDems 

All the money you made will never buy back your soul.  _ Bob Dylan
Sign it first so you can see what's in it
Thank you, Senator Merkley. Keep trying. Use every tool available to you to force this bill into the light of day.
The Dems are just throwing around all this BS! Babbling as usual! This bill will pass! Dems are great at inciting false scare tactics!
Dems need to step up and show people what the repair and fix of the ACA will look like.  Please dont' waste this moment.  Give us a plan!!!
No! The @GOP is sick and tired of Democrats whining just like the rest of the country! Good grief! We don't care about Dems anymore!
Keep asking like the Reps did when you were passing NObamacare. #DemHack
We know the leakers must be Dems bc Rep can keep a lid on things.
If u say u r going to obstruct, why bother?
Mitch McConnell doesn't believe in the kind of debate our Founding Fathers used to frame our nation. @realDonaldTrump is his hand puppet.
Chuck Schumer lies to the U.S. people again today says only Democrats can hide bills & Obamacare is great even though its killing citizens!
13 objects! Trust and believe, these republcans, are surely hiding something bad in this Mean healthcare bill!! 13 pops up again!!
Where the heck is congress? When it comes to this Mean healthcare bill? Why ain't they doing something about it? Haven't heard from them?
@SenSchumer @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr next election then we can get rid of the rest of Dems people see your lying ways
Poor & middle class Republicans vote against their own best interests when voting for these people & then we all pay for their ignorance.
Gee that's too bad
Did you show the GOP the Obamacare bill. NO. You just passed it.
Do whatever you can to STOP this AHCA. Please....it means LIVES OURSELVES & OUR FAMILIES...
Keep Trying!
Democraps short memories remember Obamacare?  Zero GOP input.  How do you like it you hypocrite?
Oh oh, I'm crying, like you, crocodile tears!  Give it up!
Lying hypocrite
You'll see itt when you see it. I didn't see a Democratic solution come through the House that attempted to fix the steaming  ObamaCare.
Who the fuck speaks like this?
#VoteGOPOut. This bill will b useless. So many will suffer and GOP will have another party congratulating themselves.
I watched and I will remember in 2018...
This isn't how the legislative process is supposed to work in our country. So disappointing.
"Elections Have Consequences" - Barack Hussein Obama, 2009.
The people on twitter complaining about not seeing bill  didn't say a work about Dems not letting Reps see Obamacare #hypocrites
So how does the law stand on the general populace demanding to see the bill? Any bill really - what can we the people do?
@SenSchumer @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr Rem Nancy Pelosi sayin on the same floor Sir "U have to sign it 2 read it!"
18 months, over 70 committee & markup hearings, 171+ Repub amendments and 25 days Senate floor debates. You mean that bill? Moron!
I don't remember using ad homonyms w you!
Why is congress and the house acting worse than a bunch of seventh grade tweens? #Idiocracy #ImpeachTrump #RIPstatesmanship
Democrats *let us see the bill*
Republicans *Nah*
Thursday you can see it. Stop whining
Leadership and secrecy are not compatible. #ShowUsTheBill
That's hard work you should be proud of yourself!
Ok. So. Now what? Nothing is being accomplished!
Chuck, you forgotten your closed door sessions with Obama & top #Democrats on #Obamacare? #Obamacare was a partisan effort forced on the US.
We see that all of you are trying and its appreciated. GOP will pay for this through the ballot box.
You weren't as anxious for people to see Obamacare before the vote
The republicans will pay dearly in 2018 & 2020 for their sleazy backdoor politics. They are the slime of the earth. THEY ARE DISGUSTING!
I think you got it wrong... Clinton servers, Clinton foundation, Obama $ to terrorists ... think again
No I didn't get it wrong! You are ignoring the true facts & live in Trumps alternative universe filled with all his lies.
I'm no major Trump fan...I am a realist- something most Democrats have left so far in the rear view it's but a vague memory
I'm also a realist & know that Trump is going to ruin this country and its values. We are already a laughingstock around the world.
...and another hysterical prediction.  one thing I really am sure of-any failed economic policies of Obama admin will be blamed on Trump
we have to pass the bill before we can see what's in it, right?
ahhhhhh, you are so sweet butt wipe.
Chucky, Chucky. Remember you said democrats wanted nothing to do with repeal and replace? Fake tears now.
I think Mitch needs to go visit the pope. Remember Boehner visited the pope and resigned. He must have saw the light. #NoConscience
Poor Chuckles and friends that's freaking awesome!!!
I heard you refused to go to office to see it
Thank you. I vote, I sign petitions, write to my reps and donate when I can. Is there something more we can do. How do we stop this.
What the hell is wrong with @SenMajLdr ?  This is so unbelievable!
Yep. You lose. Again.
If they show it to you you'll immediately leak to the press and start bashing away when not even final. So why would they do that?
Fire them all
Why? What's in it that we can't see?
You'll see it Thursday jeffy
@SenSchumer @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr Well what can you DO about it? Stop just being shocked & DO something! If u really care
Thank you all for trying so hard
Exactly. This is an outrage. Im beside myself.
WHO IS GOING TO SAVE US
president trump
GOP should be like Pelosi and say "We have to pass it to see what's in it" right? Obamacare was shoved through w/o showing Republicans.
No, it wasn't. ##FakeNewsForViews #shameful
Good!
Did you do that with the aca
Mitch McConnell is the new axis of evil.
Thank you for trying to represent the American people.
Jeff plus run against Biden/Booker for president, we need you!
I pray Ossoff able to overcome voter suppression. Life would be so much better if Bernie had made it! I volunteer for him in Louisiana.
