Senators are home this week on recess. Call and visit their district offices and demand they #ProtectOurCare: https://contactingcongress.org/ 
If you  listened to Americans you'd resign and go away...you and your friends are ruining our country, on our tax dollars. #deadbeatsenators
I am so thankful for my Senators @SenDuckworth & @SenatorDurbin working to #ProtectOurCare  @SenateDems r doing everything to help us!
I demand that you impeach yourself!!!
Why are you partying with Jared and Ivanka in the Hamptons?
How do u know that he was @SenShumer
Work With POTUS For America! Happy 4th Of July America!
@civilrightsorg hey chuck, you have fun in the hamptons? Traitor
How about focusing on NK & protecting us from this nut KJU instead of hating Trump & obstructing him w/ stupid Russia probe
Meanwhile Schumer parties with the rich, powerful, and Republican.
Go away cry baby

Posting this 2 all dems I believe in. Srsly good advice. Change rhetoric in our favor. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZSlokkddz0 … … #Trump #AHCA #25thAmendment
Protect our police officers!
Time to DECLASSIFY THE TRUTH
Chuck this may be news to you.  There is a difference between insurance and care
Crying Schumer Legal immigrants & seniors Trust Pres Trump admin. God bless & protect Pres Trump from evil doers.MABUHAY
I hate your policies and your voice. Did you hear that.
why are you partying with the kushners
Yes, let the Dems know how dissatisfied you are with NObamacare.
Tell the Obstructionist Liberal Senators & House Reps to get to work and stop doing nothing. Mid-terms are fast approaching Libs! Adios!!
Canadian health failing ! They been doing it longer then us Schumer!

Blah blah blah
Democrap hypocrites and liars disrupt civil discourse.
You sir, are a #counterproductive old #idiot whose mother was obviously absent when you needed to grow up!
We need to get rid of Obamacare it only takes care of the poor, the rest of us are doing without proper care while paying for the poor
Agree!!! #Draintheswamp #Termlimits #SchumerMakesAmericaSick
You need to hashtag better and not just speak to the converted.
Schumer wants to preserve his power. He is not for the people. He is for himself. Vote him out
Breaking: Schumer shows his lack of leadership by spewing what others tell him. He has few ideas to help. Not his own man. Losing his voters
I'll be calling to demand they support Kate's law and defund sanctuary cities and comply with voter fraud committee and repeal
Vote Schumer out. He is a miserable failure and blood on his hands for ObamaCare and obstructionism of efforts to help Americans.
When started, Medicaid covered 4% of US populous! Due to influx of piss-poor immigrants & refugees, it's now up to 40%! It's unsustainable!
Ok . You are the worst representation of freedom!!! Your a hack and make me sick. You have no clue what's right for the Citizens of America
It's a shame Dems can never win an argument with facts. misinformation and hyperbole are all you have. pretty pathetic, no wonder you lose
Your precious ACA is a joke no choice high premiums penalised at tax time cause you made a little more to pay for worthless insurance  ACA
Forced to buy or pay a penalty all @SenSchumer sen and his democrat colleges care about is making ins companies rich and the IRS
Call 202 225 3121  24/7 or call local # Don't Stop #25thAmendmentNOW You are telling YOUR employee what YOU want done Yeah!
I called My Senators 5Xs now Plus Many Petitions,I hope others R doing the same! #SinglePayerNow
How was yourbtime in the Hamptons w jared and ivanka? @SenSchumer
I can hardly wait until lots more looney liberals are voted out of office.

Are you enjoying your week off. Things are going to the dogs but you take a week off. Bet you don't even care? Why should you?
Thank you. As a NYer I appreciate everything you are trying to do. Keep up the fight!
Absolutely not. You are fiddling while Rome burns. I want REPEAL.
Ok. Here's my voice You and the whole Dem pack are lying to America You are obstructionist And do not care about natural born Americans
Thank you for the opportunity to speak out. I would like you to resign. You are incompetent and an embarrassment.
Maybe he was at the same place as Jared and Ivanka, but they have to be around each other at some point. I still love ya, Chuck. #RESIST
Vote the obstructionist Schumer out of office
Absolutely no improvement over Harry Reid.
Wrote @SenCapito and @JoeManchinWV both. Multiple times.
You only listen to your lib lefty voters. You don't represent all New Yorkers. Hypocrite
I have already told my senators and congressman, if the don't repeal ACA, they will be out of a job.

We would also settle for "Go Away."
Were you at an event with Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner? Was your voice heard?
Here my voice DO SOME WORK GET US JOBS DO SOMETHING. YOU LOSER

Ralph Nader Brilliantly Explains The Collapse Of The Democratic Party: http://youtu.be/ppSd0-qxdiA?a  via @YouTube
@civilrightsorg Making my voice heard... Retire Chuck!
I hope many of those that do not like Obamacare and are going broke visit your office after promising everything is free to everyone
Is that what you were doing in the hamptons with ivanka, Jared and Koch?
If it's ok with you & your donors were gonna demand Medicare for all. You can come along if you like or stay with $$donors screwing USA.
Testy testy Chuckie calling a flight attendant a bitch for doing her job
The system is failing. Since both sides can't work together both will have to deal with Trump soon. You've been played.
No more FREELOADERS!!! Why We elected TRUMP#MAGA
Yes ask them why they do not support Kate's Law!! 144 Dems voted against it! Anti Americans!
Yes! Demand they repeal and replace Obamacare!
We've been doing that for years, but you don't seem to LISTEN!!!!! Work together for the people, not yourself! MAGA
@POTUS @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats Why are you home on recess? You accomplished nothing but "trying" to obstruct the president! #PartyOfHate
The cowardly GOP won't have town halls or meet with us. They know this healthcare bill doesn't pass the smell test
shut up
Doesn't do any good Chucky y'all don't pay attention to us.  You would rather America fail than Trump succeed. Makes no sense.
You mean like the GOP did with Obama?
Take a lesson from CA. You created them and when they turn you will not control them. We will wait till you are done before we take control.
Chuck, do you pay any attention to the people?????? Do you????
Yep, time to repeal Obama care and get Trump care going.  At least this won't be a lie.
Unfortunately, @DarrellIssa is too stupid to vote against the #Liar @POTUS & refuses to listen to his constituents. #25thFor45.
CBO failed to calculate the outcome of Obamacare.
No "accountability"

c'est la vie

Why? You never listen. It has taken you 8 months to realize you have no economic package for Dems.

#DemExit 
#NewParty
Repeal
Call, write, visit, fax, email, tweet, @botresist Be loud!
U should all get an earful lyin Chuckles
We are nitwit
#EarPlugsIn
What was your 1st job out of law school?   Did you say Politics? What...you never had a job besides trying to control people's lives
Okay. Does gov know any accountants or lawyers that aren't corrupt weasels with shady math skills?
Christie has the same mentality as trump. Bad to the bone.
@civilrightsorg I certainly hope there isn't a vote on #BRCA today. It must be stopped! #DCisBroken #Impeach45
Mr Schumer. What Care?  It's is collapsing. Why continue to lie to your constituents. Wake up!!!!
All of them should have stayed working for the American citizens Health Care. Next POTUS salary  proposal should be performance base.
What the hell have you done besides obstruct to deserve a recess? Congress is a damned joke
Did you say that when GOP did the same for 8 years?
Lil Chuckie Lies a Lot
Maybe you people should get to work instead of vacationing so that something can get done. Gov't employee vacation policy is a joke.
OK! MAGA

You should try schmuck care this you are good at
@SenatorBurr @SenThomTillis only have VM
No response. No live town halls. No return for letters or emails. Not up for re-election 2018
#Repeal
Yep, Rules for radicles tells u to disrupt and protest, when confronted with an argument you can't refute call the person names like bigot.

This is the week some of have to WORK, must be nice to act like a spoiled brat & get a paid vaca for it!!! Shill! MAGA TRUMP MAGA 
So then all of the elected officials are spoiled brats then they are all off.
Careful what you wish for Chucky. Might be your office that's bombarded...
I'm pretty sure Schmucky will be under his desk with his comfort blanket.
This is the week for you yo retire and go rock off a porch somewhere u are a trouble maker and we r sick of it
Time to check your midnight refugee runs are going OK. Make sure you give them passports so they can vote. Isn't that what this is about?
Not to mention he pushes for pedofile visas.
what do you mean liar (protectourcare) your not on obamacare have private insurance that is paid out of your fed. paycheck. what a phony
As against being in Washington on recess?
Get rid of Pelosi, Water, Schumer and the like as they are worthless & only look out for themselves
Not a civil right.
Out with schumer
Ok. GO HOME CHUCKSTER
Cooperate/support with Voter Fraud Commission. What do u have to lose? U dems r ALWAYS on the up and up!
Mr. Schumer thankfully I don't have to!! INY! 
Why don't you go to their office & see how you democrats can help 
Protect healthcare people can't afford to buy or use. No thanks. Time to repeal and replace with free market alternatives.
Real working people only get one day off,,,,if that,,i'll be cookin out like a real a america,,,not wasting the day calling u bums
#AmericaSpeaksOut @civilrightsorg SPEAK OUT against high HC cost of over 10% of your income yet no HC unless major high cost illness. 1/
Tell your REP & Senators to repeal ACA & Reform HC to be beneficial to all even in routine care& minor care needs & mandate removal/tax
Do everyone a favor and listen to folks that r not liberal.  And leave your Pelosi pills at home when u return.
Hear my voice loud and clear Chuck,  support our President and stop your childish obstruction! #MAGA
So I guess during the years the GOP did it to Obama you felt the same way, right???
You won't be in the office are you joking?
Like u did with BO care?
Obamacare is shit. And No person that is forced to buy this likes it,
My daughter does. $138 a month with a low deductible. Better than what her employer offers.
Says Chucky the clown.
My senator listens to democrats only.
I like and respacts Chuck Schumer intersting man.
Vote Schumer out
Why did you take away our Dr and healthcare?    #Obamacare #CryinChuckSchumer
You mean you actually to anyone that doesn't agree with your agenda for global communism through social engineering?
Schumer we pay your medical expenses anyway
#AmericaSpeaksOut  repeal FATCA please Do you think it's fair to tax overseas Americans who already pay taxes in their country of residence?
Asking a Democrat to repeal a tax ?  Can't think of the last time that happened, and especially Chuckie.
Did you speak for us in the Hamptons?
this picture says it all so true
Or every week #resist
U haven't done a thing!Uhave no plan. U created an imploding unaffordable healthcare yet have the gall sit back,lecture becuz u are exempt
Did check you voice mail big F you
THE SENATE & CONGRESS SECRETLY VOTED FOR THEMSELVES A NO PAY HEALTHCARE.. GIVE US THAT & GET TO WORK...
The Senate & Congress have their own SECRETLY VOTED ON HEALTHCARE PLAN PROBLEM SOLVED
Okay Chuck. Repeal and Replace Obamacare.
Here's my voice Chuck .... You suck!!
Louder Senator. Louder. Some aren't listening.
Hey Senator Schumer, why were you at the same party in the Hamptons as Jared & Ivanka?

As the rest of America will call our reps in Congress and demand we move forward and remove Obamacare. And to install term limits

When is the week that we won't hear you and your phony outrage, @SenSchumer. And remember to treat airline stewardesses nicely if traveling
#Resistance
You mean protect #obamacaid?
#AmericaSpeaksOut we want to invoke the #25thAmendmentNOW
  Anti-American kids.
Chuck- please stop elite partying w Conway et all. It looks terrible and sends a poor message. Their healthcare bill will kill women.
Do the right thing and get big gov out of my health care and health insurance. I want free choice.
Did you make our voices heard at the lovely party in the HAMPTONS, Chuckie boy? @SenSchumer
CHUCKLE'S JUST RUNNING HIS GAME OF HATE AND LIES
DONE!
So we can end up like the U.K. where the gov can choose to kill ur baby?
#25thAmendmentNow
How can you lead the fight to save healthcare while when you're twerking for the people who will get a massive tax break by destroying it?

