Why? How can they think this will get them re-elected in 2018? They are going to steal it again?
Because their rich donors hate having to pay any taxes, so the Rs are willing to let the poors die for that $$.
Imagine if they paid taxes how healthy our society would be. They are such fu@k@ng greedy, white, men. They destroy everything!
The richest people in the U.S. vote Democrat. I'm not sure why people don't get that. The entire Silicon Valley, Gates, Buffet, Zuckerberg?
Not true. Look at the world of complicit hurt Zuckerberg is in. I have millionaire friends who vote GOP. The big $ states vote democratic
I'm  at the trouble Zuckerberg is in!!  I live in a Democratic state and Oregon isn't a big money state.
So tired of this. The public doesn't even want it.  Just shows who the Rs really work for (not us).

Al. You can't let that happen, man.
Keep fighting @SenFranken!  Your voters support you and your leadership.
You go snowflake!
Snowflakes add up Vern.
Uh huh...too more snowflakes.
Will they never STOP?
I've always had insurance until #Obamacare came along. Ever since then, I haven't had insurance. This goes to show you how...
...#Obamacare was / is a complete failure. While it helped many Americans get insurance at first, as the premiums kept rising, more...
...Americans lost insurance than originally gained insurance. Including me and a lot of my family and friends. Again, it's a...
...complete failure. #AffordableCareAct #Obamacare
Focus on this & not Medicare for All, please
Again!?!? It's just vicious, hateful and cruel! All for the love of $$$.
really sad
It angers me that MONEY aka 'contributions' from donors is THE primary criteria for GOP ACA decisions; not science, not Drs, not us..just $
Actually is those of us paying $14000 in insurance for some unappreciative assholes that refuse to see how it's crippling our families
Did I say u? There's far too many people looking for handouts that don't care who has to pay
The disrespect is the cursing.since I am on the reply, yes.it is directed at me. I value different opinions. Just keep the cursing off my tl
You dont know what im "worried about". Check yourself & grow some respect for those with a perspective & experience different than yours.
Are you done?
They're still the ones trying to kill Americans #GOPgreed
Democrat voters....
After a career as Director of Health Benefits Admin I can 100% say Trump's proposals will create a nightmare for most Americans!!

Don't scream, blow up those phones like it's the opening of Mission Impossible!
Doing just that!
#ACA repeal is stealing $$ from blue states and using it to bribe red states.
Which bill? We need links. The media doesn't cover this.
But why? How can our own government be so mean? Who's worse, these republicans or the folks that vote them in? #uninsuredamericans
which incorrect cbo number are you citing this time?
I am about sick of this crap!! Wait, I can't get sick!
Yes. OBAMA care sucks n if u had a policy with them u would vote to get rid of it
CuriousHow #Republicans "tout"(their)"Christianity"
AllOverThePlace
&UseIt2ClaimSUPERIORITY
YetEVERYBill/PolicyTheyDraft
is"ANTI-CHRISTian."
Amen!!


Stay alert & be ready to flood MoCs with protest if this continues!
And Dems are playing politics with single-payer instead of defending the ACA
Do you understand why? 

It's the same economic principle, only cheaper.
I am a supporter. But now is the time to save ACA. Graham/Cassidy bill a real threat to repeal of ACA. Cannot afford distractions
You don't have to choose between the ACA and #MedicareForAll . Both can be supported at the same time. In fact, it's better to pursue both.
No, people are saying no reason to support ACA. Some folks are confused abt which bill is being attacked. Right now emergency is saving ACA
What people are saying that? Pelosi and Schumer are using the "need to save the ACA" as an excuse to not support #MedicareForAll .
We should save ACA . There will b no medicare for all as long as GOP in power. If ACA is saved it can b improved & eventually b single payer
I'm onboard with preserving the ACA.
Shit! Coming at us again, more press on this please! They will never stop until we have nothing left but work, work, work, like N. Korea...
Just left a message for my governor and emailed.  Will continue.
I can't wait until all of you crazy liberals are put back in the BOX from which you came....
Then who would u get to clean up the mess after Republicans destroy all like the last Republican pres did.  #2ndworstpresident #GeorgeWBush
Very bad news  Yu can't allow it to happen
Can you explain their motives?
They’ve been told by big donors who fund their campaigns that this funding won’t be available to them@if they don’t pass a budget that enriches them. So basically, they’re repaying their debts by screwing the rest of us. Oligarchs demand loyalty after all.
That's why we have great fighters for the people like you, Mr. Franken. Pull no punches and show them who's boss.
Truth!!!! Help us please, Congressman Franken!
Al....you are a...
I say let 'em do it, so their sheeple followers can learn/figure out why they need to stop voting for them! 
Keep up the fight.
Healthcare bill by gop rips away coverage for millions. #trumpkillerhealthcareplan
No, no, no, no.
Rep Don Beyer and Senator Al Franken, instead of sending out sensationalism, how about being LEADERS for fixing ACA! #DonBeyer
Al, it steamed, simmered & thn flopped. However, I am vry imprsd wth Sen Graham whn he spoke of his BF, Sen McCain, wish he loved us as mch!
On Monday we must blitz the Republicans. Tell them to stuff it!
Look at Okla economy for today, do you think Okla would have good health care NO, I beg you to look at our situation or send me your address
Why would Collins, Murkowski and McCain vote yes for this one which is as bad as the one they voted against, including  no "regular order"
Unless because of the bribes.
Wake up call millions of Americans don't have healthcare already because of Obamacare
GAINING STEAM?????   WE SIMPLY CANNOT TOLERATE OUR LEGISLATORS CONTINUING TO DO WHAT IS WRONG FOR AMERICANS.  #MedicareForAll
easy...
Your election brought an end to my affordable plan and my ability to see my doctor. #obamacare harmed hundreds of millions
Nope. Greedy ins companies did that. U have no idea how much worse it will get if ACA is repealed. Get the facts! Before it's too late
Yeah maybe the plan that I work for will go back to how it used to be before it was taken and given to others
Please stop this atrocity
Great get the dead beats off their asses the others who need it will be fine
Nooo!!!
This cannot happen!

9/18  #CallToAction: Call MoCs to oppose the #GrahamCassidy #ACA repeal bill. Your voice matters! #LoyalO

…
@SenFranken where and who should we call to put our best efforts to tell GOP please do not to do this US CITIZENS!?
True, but that doesn't help much right now. 
We need to call.
I feel like my personal demise is guarunteed under the administration.
As do the majority of us.  
Call your governor too! They have influence with senators. More talk points below
Oh for Pete's sake....not again. The last one almost did me in. These people are exhausting. What can we do? Serious inquiry.
Maybeth, they only have until end of Sept to kill ACA w/just 50 votes--afterward it will take 60, which they can't ever get. So 2 wks fight!
Thank you. Call call call !!!!
Call moderates , thank them for putting their constituents first.  If you have friends in that state, tell them you are grateful Aunt Bea is
Getting HC / Medicaid help
What r u doing to stop it?
What can he do but vote against it as all DEMS will do & reach out to citizens to warn them of the threat
Use tv/media to get some attn on measures in bill. Demand full CBO scores & how many lose ins. Call out specific GOP for inhumanity.
Since it's an amendment not a bill it doesn't have to go through the same process & CBO score might not even be calculated? Is that possible
Correct @ amndmnt to #AHCA from House, but CBO is being calculated. McC might not wait. so it's important for all @SenateDems to speak out!
GOP prepares to rip health care from 32million Americans including their own constituents who the hell are they serving? Simple. Big money
Of course. Money is always their bottom line. Not for us. For them only. 
Lindsay Graham is using the single payer plan against us saying if you dont vote for this you will end up with medicare for all.
Like most R's and corpDems, Graham doesn't realise that most people see that as more of a promise than a threat. Graham is HELPING US.
No hopes for me to have health insurance again. I can not afford Obamacare:( I'm punished to make average amount of money.
Republicans reason for existing is to make like rougher so that you get motivated to become a crooked politician
Please help us stop this Al!
Obamacare ripped away the higher-quality insurance plan I had. So excuse me if I don't shed any tears.
Start shedding them when you have no insur at all.  OC can be revised and stop the insur co & pharma from their greed & comp to congress!
Remember who voted for what...2018 is coming....
Actually it is a Bill that frees Millions of Americans not to be screwed by a Govt that shouldn't be in Health Care and get their own.

Let us pause a moment, to thank all the Greens, BernieBots, Deplorables, Email protesters, and those Democrats who didn't vote at all.
What's wrong with the GOP?? They basically hate people. It's crazy.
As it should to get rid of the disaster called Obamacare.
Well do something ad stop them
Of course it is..Sanders is pushing way 2 hard 4 single payor..tell him 2 stfu..he's causing this..
Let us hope they get smacked down again.  They sure are a broken record on this.  Or, another pivot/diversion cuz they got nothing else.
You wrote jokes for a living and now you're a joke as a senator. You're a failure at both
Don't underestimate those cool @LittleLobbyists who @RiseUp4HCare and slay dragons,i.e., Cassidy-Graham-Heller, et.al.
So stop it.
We need bullet points what this bill is going to do
Just another example of why republicans should never be trusted with government control
Dammit, again? Don't they have anything better to do?
Why R we paying tax dollars if they aren't going to OUR needs?  Perhaps dollars can taken away from swamp lobbyists that are profiting of us
Good those people are the one's who refuse to work and expect the rest of us to foot their healthcare bills. Grow up Franken.
You mean a GOP bill to stop Fedl coercion of millions to buy substandard policies w/ outrageous costs that they never wanted?
Hopefully it helps the 10's of millions get the healthcare that they currently cannot get.
#maga
When our politicians like you start having to have the crap you mandate Americans to have, your opinion might countYou break laws you make
Collins & Murkowski voted against every GOP HC bill.  Paul, Johnstone, Capito and McCain are also poachable. ???
They have the milk of human kindness by the quart in every vein.
And the Maverick McCain will not be voting against his buddy @LindseyGrahamSC
Wait...you dems created the mess, dont even try to blame it on repubs.
Stop it...stop it
You are such a liar
YAY!!! STOP THE ENTITLEMENTS FOR THE LAZY. GET A JOB! TAXPAYERS ARE FED UP BEING FORCED TO SUPPORT THEM.
Thanks for all you do. We need more of you.
Nooooooo
I would say whatever works best for the middle class is what we should do.
Which wouldn't get done because their first loyalty is to themselves and big $ donors
Alert!
Media allows GOP 2 lie about Obamacare & the fact that it is successful & they just undermined it. Health care industry boomed under ACA.
Good
They must be stopped. All you  moderate gops must step up or you surely will rot
SENATOR CONTACT INFO https://www.senate.gov/general/contact_information/senators_cfm.cfm …
Come on! This is so couple of months ago. Give it up @GOP. You are cruel and we will fight you again.
Blow that horn loud thanks!
Keep fighting! We're with you.
It is like an addiction to them....they can't seem to do anything else.  Doesn't their insurance cover addiction help?
Put a stop to it Al, grab an ( r ) or 4 an kill the Bill!!
I survived cancer but may not survive all this bad news
Your attack on Catholicism as if that prevents supporting the Constitution. If that's the case, atheists like you are an even worse threat.
Please stop that train @SenFranken
Lies and the lying liars who tell them.
When I read it, I didn't think the title was a prophecy. 
SHUT IT DOWN!!
Americans already spoke out and the majority made their opinion clear already. Why do we keep having to redo this? Congress works for us
Thank you for your fight.
If you don’t know who you are: you cannot make a mistake.

http://pjunkie1.blogspot.com 
I think all of Congress should be made to enroll in it! Then maybe you all will be able to come up with something better!
Your misinformation campaign is not working.
And this is a surprise! Typical republicans lying and next it will be touted as great what bullshit
#universalhealthcare
This shit just keeps keepin' on. Why do the morons keep electing these grifters?
No libs did it with ACA. I haven't been able to afford premiums for the last 3 years and have been without insurance. But hey, keep spinning
Fuck the #republicans - repeal their healthcare. End of story
Why doesn't Congress get the same Healthcare you pass for us?  #CongressGetsWhatWeGet
God help me
What the Hell Did Al Do to US Healthcare? He Destroyed it!
Anyone who supports this bill should be required to donate a kidney, for charitable reasons.

The people has spoken. It's clear most of us don't want it. Why keep repackaging it. Hold them accountable and remember this in November
Of course it is that is what Republicans do best is torture people and make our lives miserable.
Repeal that crappy legislation known as Obamacare!

Yay!
oh PLEASE,  stick to it and fight for us!
Constant vigilance.
My plan could rally both Republicans and Democrats.  This is what a non-partisan bill looks like:  https://odendevelopment.wordpress.com/  #healthyamerican
You mean people wont be able to buy a insurance plan!?
I will make my daily call to Senators Casey & Toomey Monday. But Lordy am I tired. Keep fighting Senator & I will too!
So typical, we need all the help we can get to stop this sheer evil!
You did shit to fix a system that was forced on the taxpayer. 8 years. Nothing. Go away go live on your millions.
F*ck them! So? They want to slowly kill millions of WE THE PEOPLE while they live high on the hog? Sounds like they want a fight.
Rip rip rip yay!!!!
Fight the hell out of this!
Al, you're still a comedian.  And a bad one at that.  Shame on you.
That's because there's something better coming, but oooh no, don't talk about thaaat!
Why do they keep doing this to us?
It's a start ...
but take heart, you will always have your 'Dreamers'
Unbelievable, but I believe you! The 2018 election can't come too soon.
@GOP: Has Trump succeeded in actually SHAMING them into it?! 
#Cowards #GOP #RESIST
Why go to school and graduate when you can live off the democrat/ Franken system. Live off those who want better
Please talk with Senator Murkowsi and ask her not to sell out millions of Americans in exchange for billions in blood money from D states
How about all you numnuts work together and do something useful instead of inciting partisan bullshit all the time?
Are you kidding me right now!?  How many ways & times do we have to say NO!!!
Just tell Nancy Pelosi to tell Trump not to sign it. lmao!
Don't let this happen! What's wrong with Lindsey Graham? He's lost his effing mind!
The rich should not have to pay more.  Equality...don't we preach that.  Everyone pay their fair share.

Please do whatever is possible to stop this madness
While GOP fights to take away ObamaCare aka RomneyCare,most Dems remain beholden to their insurance/pharma company donors. Single-payer plz!
ACA has been a fraud and is failing. It provides unafordable insurance only, no real "care". Market based solution is only way.
Good maybe it will explode.
We need to focus on how bad the bill is for ALL including those with insur through their jobs.

..they really 'are'..any longer....
#nursesknowhealthcare we cannot stand for this. Retweet #norepealnoreplace
You can fix the ACA if you just put the obese in a separate pool. Obesity is %100 preventable. They should pay more.
Stop lying to the American public. Health care is available to every citizen in this country. This is about INSURANCE, not care.
What a joke ..... c'mon man tell the truth . Keep the conversation logical . #don'tlet'emdivideus
Republicans and some Deme have lost sight of their responsibilities to represent the people.  Disgusting display
You need  to get out of government.    Your a joke.
Horrendous of those #GOP Members Who Are Doing This!  
So much talk coming out of Washington, &bout of news outlets, people don't understand what is happening.  We need to stop D &R talk.
We need to stop penalizing those that don't comply with the monstrosity known as Obamacare. Do you ever think about them?
Al.. my premiums have SKYROCKETED since the "affordable" care act. My family is healthy. Tired of paying for FREELOADERS. 
Insurance companies raised premiums every year since 2002. Blamed uninsured. Now what's their excuse...because everybody's insured???
'Rip'? You people 
With two hurricanes and North Korea and Russia it's the PERFECT time to throw this at us. Call your MOC and make some noise!
It's important that people suffering from Hurricanes and wildfires lose their insurance as well. .@SenateGOP   Ship of fools.
.#SaveACA.  .#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Enough already!
No no no!!!!! They need to have the same coverage as us!!!! We pay for it for them!!!!!
WHY???
We have a bunch of rich white supremacist running the country right now and not one no not even one gives a crap about the citizens of USA
Who are the GOP senators most likely to be persuaded to vote against it?
AND? stop chat abt m'care 4 all until defeat Graham-Cassidy!!!!
Again? Will they just give it up already.
Dude, quit trying to force #traitorcare or single payer down our throats! Gov has no place in insurance, period!
It ain't over until it's over.- Y Berra
Shut up, Al.
One can only hope Republicans have the courage & compassion to erase the blight of Obamacare from the nation .@SenFranken. It's an atrocity
Stay strong.
good

good!  the government was never intended to be your fairy godmother, only on the planet freebie, where all Demoncrats reside.
You are sad!! Now I want you to know that it isn't free & if you research a rich person has as well use things that was a "freebies" from
#LiberalLogic
Finally, I spot some wisdom & truth on this thread of weeping socialists & Left fascists!
You too, troll. Shut up and count your bitcoins.
So stop them
This is a good explanation of Trumpcare  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YU28NAwwgzk …  We might have a rush of US refugees if Trump stays in for too long LOL
Your should have stuck to telling jokes,  clown.
