And, tell me again what you and Pelosi and Reid and Obama did about this over the last 8 years?

VA=single payer.
Obama had A Republican Party Congress,, therefore blame Republican Party not Obama. Congress didn't do diddly squat for year's still nothing
You do remember he had a supermajority Dem Congress first, right? Still did nothing. Accomplished nothing. Kept no promises.
Obama's short beloved Democratic Congress, did more than over 7 years of Do Nothing Republican  Party Congress. Get A Life!!!!!
Vets shouldn't have to fight another war. Period. Full stop. You & your fellow #CorncobDems are going the way of the Whigs. #cobbed
Unfortunately many have already...why was this not worked through before now...better late than never, I guess
i wonder why russiabro Trump doesnt care about our US vets #resist
#resist what.
putin

Funny how the President works ALONE on the campaign to fulfill his PROMISES to Americans. All YOU care about is ILLEGALS! ...So sad...
Hey Chuck, this is a lifelong Dem here. You and our party better start going towards @SenSanders  hc bill. You are loosing us bud. -
People not corporate donors. U know it, they love it. The GOP. The actual people should be the interests.They have more money. Ask 4it
No one should have to join the military just to get benefits.
That is about as dumb as saying no one should have to get a job just to get a paycheck.  But, freebies on someone else's sweat is Dem way.
Shame on you for what you have done to this country
Why didn't they step up the last eight years?
I shouldn't have to constantly get approval from a doc to maintain my antidepressant/anxiety scrips. U can fix this in DAYS.
When you stop defending those in the VA that fail to do their jobs maybe it will get better for the vets   Fed unions must go.

Don't even talk about helping Vets as long as you have Blumenthal standing beside you. Might as well get Jane Fonda to represent Vets
I think Trump also has that handled Schumer. Stand down with your rhetoric. POTUS has it covered. @realDonaldTrump
Trump's ahead of u. How long have u been in power? Trump has done more in 7 months for vets than u have ever done! He inherited a mess.
Mr Schumer: You've been senator for a long time. Why haven't YOU done something? What are YOU waiting for?
then stop taking away from the vets you let obamacare take 3 billion from them.Did nothing at the VA hospitals.Give them housing and a job
President Trump has already made tremendous changes in that direction. You did nothing while Obama was in WH.
#PutinBot
Love how socialist leftists use Socialist Putin as the ultimate boogie man. Democrats and Putin are blood brothers.
Congress has the LEGITIMATE power to declare war/ fund an offensive. Is this Trump's way of remember Hiroshima and Nakasaki this from 1945?
Oh, and one more thing, thanks for #sequestrstion #PDRK
Sure wish our Ambassador to #Russia was confirmed, but you have a nice vacation. #PDRK #NorthKorea  #WWIII #vets
Why didn't you already have this done the last 8 yrs.more BS from libturds


Playing with vets benefits is beyond pale!
Potus helping vets like never before.  We seen what your party stands for and we didnt like it    Trump Train growing longer every day
Why don't you step up and fix the healthcare issues and do the right thing and repeal and replace focus on what is wrong now
So far this is probably the most intelligent thing you have posted.




#BREAKING: West Virginia Governor switches to Republican Party. 

Another lost Governorship for the Democrats. 
You have been in Congress forever, why wasn't this taken care of many years ago?
The shame is your party has done more damage over its lifetime. Trump has done more in 6 months than you have ever
work with trump and the gop to get it done. dont procrastinate. you might lose your senate seat. maybe the dnc will pay off your challenger.
The dems were in power 8 yrs. why didn't u fix it
YOU CAN SAY SOMETHING, THAT DOESN'T MAKE IT TRUE. IN FACT IF YOU SAID.IT IT PROBABLY ISN'T TRUE
STOP THE BS ALREADY! @TheDemocrats participated in the most negligible treatment of our VETS under the Obama ADMIN!
Were have you and your fellow "Dems" been for forty years, Chuck?
BOMBSHELL! Comey’s FBI Helped Set Up Clinton / Lynch Tarmac Meeting http://truthfeed.com/breaking-bombshell-comeys-fbi-helped-set-up-clinton-lynch-tarmac-meeting/99099/ … via @truthfeednews
All I can say is. S H A M E. PROSECUTE COMEY
Jumping onboard another one of @POTUS winning programs so you can try to claim credit. You #Dems are such sad little people.
Barry trashed the VA and now you care what a putz
Ha. Like left have a care about Vets.
OMG!  The hypocrisy!!
so you're saying a govt run entity is inept?
Chuck, most of Congress only cares about America's Veterans on some day set aside to honor them. We need Congress to care the other 363 day.
You have been in congress 30 plus years why haven't you done anything

Let's help our vets before illegals please they have fought for this country and deserve the best.
Funny how your mouth was shut when Obama was president. #Liberal  #hypocrite.
Agree
I invite you with my own money to sit with veterans here in Texas and see how much we care for you.
So how about always putting them ahead. NY and CA are the two worst states for vets.

Omg!  Did you wake up from a comma!!!!  Fake Chuck
Blah blah blah
resign now
We are finally starting to see signs of improvement at the VA thanks to the Trump admin taking the problems seriously, but NO THANKS TO YOU.
How long have you been in congress? The VA crumbled under your watch pal! #tolittletolate
For years @SenSchumer has done nothing for the VA. Now?? #MAGA @SenSchumer Resign
You had 8 years, YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED FOR THE CONDITION YOU LEFT VA!!!!!
What have you been doing for the last 3 decades for vets?
Also, on another subject, do not mix tax CUT 'S    WITH TAX REFORM!!!
And yet you let Vets die on waiting list. You are a career liar/politician. Will say/do anything to get votes. #Pathetic
Hey  POS @SenSchumer why all of a sudden do you care .You never once said a thing when your buddy Obama left are Vets to die in hallways.
Why did u let these things happen!!
Chuck everyday you sound more and more like Trump but you hvnt done anything you're talking about while in office! #stepdown
You are correct - so why didn't you do anything about it for decades?? Thank goodness Pres Trump knows what to do.
 considering the moral battles within us for protecting you freedoms. I find it offensive you stand with a Vet. Opposition leader and all.
As a Vet who uses the VA I agree 100%
Well why did you sign off on Obama's mandate to make them pay for benefits
Wow! Ur self serving has no boundaries U have never cared about Vets until this President America Vets this political hack is lying to you

After democrats have trashed the veterans in favor of illegal immigrants for years, shut up and don't act like a fool.
The dems did not look after the vets
God Chuck, why can't you be sensible like this all the time. I agree
Just looking for votes! And singing same song and dance with no truth to it!
It's a shame that govt. unions have such control that our vets have to suffer from politics.
More fictitious bologna!
Where was this urgency while vets died on waiting lists for the last 8 years?!
For your 8 yrs under Obama you did jackshit, now trying to make it look like you care for the VETS.
Don't worry Trump cares about vets unlike Dems in the last. Glad your catching up.
Where you. been for the last hundred years I think Trump help them a lot more than y'all have
Funny how you don't say shit for all of these years and then all of a sudden want to do good things for vets.
Find a Vet-centric advocacy group who can deal with the VA from the inside. The "Department" will do nothing, only the good employees will
Trump has done more for vets than any democrats did
Our Vets need to be treated with dignity and have proper resources whenever they need. Thank you to all the troops for protecting us!
U serious during the Obama administration the VA hospitals were a disaster people dying Trump is the only one that has been helping them
Especially when other segments of our society get benefits so Easily getting our vets what they need should be the most important thing
Now you have something to say, Pres. Trump has kept his promise to vets and continues to do more. Nice of you to finally come around.
What exactly has your hero Trump done for Veterans? He's damned sure trying to cut benefits so how can you say he's kept his promise?
I have two heroes, mother & father. 1) Make it possible to fire those just marking time. 2) Vets can go outside the VA for help. Will B big.
Most older employees aren't "marking time", they're contributing on or over the level of younger employees because of their level of exp.
Vets can't just decide to go to an outside dictir and have the VA pay fot it! It's much more complicated than that. There's a prosess in
place that has a bunch of administrators involved in the decision to allow a Vet to see a private physician for care through the VA and
It's not something that's allowed automatically or often. You are ill informed on VA policy and practices.
Schmucky, the problem with the VA is ALL DEMS FAULT..OWN IT!!!!!
The problem with the VA isn't one of repubs or Dems, it's a toxic management culture that's way more republican in nature at its core. It
protects management officials from being punished for wrongdoing and rewards incompetence. It's like the Catholic Church in that they will
simply promote and transfer incompetent ppl around to different areas or locations instead of getting rid of them. Regular VA employees are
fired daily for no cause but VA management can't get fired at all. They literally have been responsible for deaths and retained their jobs.
I don't think you have a fucking clue as to what your bitching about and blaming the problems at the VA on Dems shows that to be factual.
Where have you been, living in a vacuum!
You know what is at stake why aren't you marching in the streets?  Are you taking this serious enough?
We are urging NY politicians to SMARTEN up
Hey Chuck, you can keep trying to adopt Trump's message but it ain't gonna work. You are a fraud.
Would have been nice if you had pressured Dept Vet Affairs during the last 8 yrs.. Crickets!! #hypocrite
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chuck 

We the people are tired of your shenanigans! 

Start working for us instead of AGAINST us!!
Tell me, what have EVER done for Vets & their familys?Your BIG EGO is squeezing your brain, your a liar and don't even know it.
Go away!!!
Where've you been on this issue for the last 5 DECADES?
And finally after Obama doing nothing for 8 years! People being fired at VA for poor corrupt performance! Where were u the last 8 years!
where you been the last 8 years chuckie???
And Counting!
I remember when Obama wanted to cut benefits for Veterans don't you Chuckles???

You are truly a joke! Way too late Chuck!!
My dad served 3 tours as a "brown river rat" in Vietnam and has multiple medical issues as a result of his service, including advanced MS /1
Despite being a tetrapelgic with only limited use of his right hand, he's worked full-time as a Veterans Services Officer for last 13 yrs /2
His care through the VA has saved his life (he's in the Bronx VA Hospital right now recovering from surgery). But care is limited /3
For 15 yrs, he's had a claim bouncing around the system. He's entitled to more and better care, but he is left waiting, waiting, waiting /4
He's dedicated his life to helping veterans access their benefits, while his own fight continues. This is him: http://www.newsday.com/news/health/adelphi-university-hosting-meeting-on-health-challenges-facing-vets-1.11574160 … /5
Thank you for shining a light on challenges veterans face receiving quality care. I hope Ron Cray gets access to the treatment he needs /6
If you're a veteran having trouble navigating the VA healthcare system, contact a VSO in your area. They are there to help YOU! /7
Not sure what your talking about, but I think I may agree with you.
#22VetsADay
So what were you doing the past 8 years Chucky?
Funny how under Obama you leftist were more concerned with illegal immigrant's "right" to full benefits. Trump is already fixing VA.
Chuck; now do something about it.
He won't. All talking PTS. U know, election time right around the corner. He's a fool
Dems love our military when they are not in power.
Save it as you've been around long enough to be part of the problem. How long have you been in Congress and just now you're concerned?
SCHUMER IS PANDERING
TRUMPS TAKING CARE OF YOUR LACK OF IT CHUCK.
Thanks to President Trump this is already happening!  You Dems and Obama totally ignored our Vets.  Shame on you all!
Trump does nothing for Veterans. He's too ignorant of the issues that plague the VA and he cares little to nothing about doing anything of
Better late than never.  Welcome to the party, Upchuck.
Missed all your teeets on the subject over the last inept 8 years. You have shown ZERO leadership. Stop your DEMagoguery. You are a fraud
are you offering #ABetterDeal
No, it's the same crap with a # in front.
On a related note, could Democrats work on reframing the narrative, please? They're earned benefits. "Entitlements" is Republican language.
You must be up for re election. All of a sudden you're acting like you care. When you know your don't.
how can you honestly say anything about vets? you left them by the wayside the whole last presidency. cry more crocodile tears #slimyschumer
Feigned concern.
IF THEY SERVED THEIR DUTY !AND RISKED ALL !AS SO MANY !THEY ARE DESERVING OF ALL THINGS PROMISED TO THEM !WE CANT TAKE THAT AWAY FROM THEM!

Thank you, Senator!
For what. The VA is a mess and the last 8yrs did nothing to fix. He's a fraud, and needs to go.
Yeah u and obama made a mess of it,,,trump gettin it fixed up,,
Most veterans got nothing from the VA. Thanks for your service.
You need to look into what war widows & their children receive & go through
Then do something about it Senator Schumer do something about it TODAY ASAP
don’t worry chucky you could not help but President Trump is taking care of it for you
Vets benefits should supercede ALL others!
That's what I've said to the POTUS that's what I said to everyone how is it that they get the same increase per yr as seniors WRONG
