We want to hear from Mr. Comey & we’d like the @SenateMajLdr to hold separate, all-Senators briefings w/ the Attorney General and Deputy AG.
Briefings would help us get a hold on what happened, why & what's next, cause this investigation will not die, no matter who wants it to.
OBSTRUCTION
You Never demanded spec prosecs for Bengazi, uranium, emails, etc. Where were you then?
To appoint a special prosecutor there has to be a crime. So far you phoney Dems have uncovered nothing. Resign..you are wasting time and $$.
We DO NOT need a Special Prosecutor! We Already have the FBI! STOP YOUR GAMES SEN DEMS & ALLOW THE FBI TO DO THIER JOB!!
Then U Sen Dems are SERIOUSLY OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE & U Sen Dems should be held ACCOUNTABLE & DELT WITH! YOUR GAMES HAVE GOT STOP!!
Chucky Gum Shoe, why not demand investigation into Podesta & Hillary dreaming up Russia narrative about election interference? No chance...
Where's your demand for special prosecutor for Hillary,Obama,Loretta Lynch & Susan Rice? Pathetic hypocrite!!
WE the PEOPLE demand a Special Prosecutor to look into Clinton Foundation, Huma, AG Lynch, Susan Rice and Democrats ties to Russia
A damned waste of money since you have no evidence. U have the whole DOJ tied up with this "red herring". #Resign
Quit harassing a brilliant man.
Puhleez.....The man is a public relations abortion for the senate democrats. A real buffoon.
You wouldn't acknowledge anyone non socialist for any position. Blah
Prosecutors are for trials. No crime has been proven
You don't appoint a Special Prosecutor until AFTER a crime has been proven. Don't you even know how government works? Who voted for you?
SHOUT IT OUT LIKE PIT BULL! CALL OUT GOP OK'D  RUSSIANS in OVAL OFFICE, RUSSIAN PRESS ? KEEP AMERICAN PRESS OUT?
Idiot !!
I'd like to see Dems push this hard for a special prosecutor for Hillary Clinton where there is actual evidence. #witchhunt #cryingShumer
House & senate Intel committees, FBI, Treasury already investigating. 3 professional agencies. No need for a special prosecutor. Get real!
"Russian" investigation has gone on for almost a year. Name ONE Russian who's involved. Name ONE crime that's been committed. Just ONE, sir.
yes chuck, were sure you would be first in line to pick one of your cronies so he'd be favorable to you.
I demand that the @SenateGOP grow a pair and put an end to this @TheDemocrats charade
I demand that you name one person, just one that @POTUS colluded & tell us how with or shut up
It is so important for American democracy
A must
Why just one #SpecialProsecutor,
why not 6. 1)#SusanRice 2)#ClintonFoundation 3)ClintonPodestaRussia
4)clintonemails 5)LorettaLynch
6)Russia
Good if so use independent dent or tea party members not dems or reps
There will be no special prosecutor. Period. Get over it there will be no special price
We, the people who value democracy, support this! Thank you.
thank you Senator-this MUST happen we cannot allow our democracy to be destroyed.
Would you put Qhaddafi on that list of investigations. Why did Obama/Hillary have western allie put down?  GOLD?
Why didn't  you and Dems  demand a special prosecutor when it was exposed that Hillary Clinton had a private server and lied about her email
@DNC @GOP @seanhannity @CNN Chuck Schumer would be fired from a private sector job! Instead of doing what he is paid to do, he just lies!
You don't need a special prosecutor you hack! You need to get off your high horse and start taking care of the country not your politics.
There ought to be special prosecutor to investigate you and your behavior we are looking close at you.
Your message is,  Divide Divide Divide.
putin abd MANAFORT HAD IT PLAN FOR YEARS .TRUMP HAS MONEY HIDING IN RUSSIA OR WORSE.
Your a pathetic joke. Dems wanted Comey fired when he went after Clinton now your pissing and moaning.  #hypocrisy
Impeach him. It's time
Time for your meds cryin chuckie..
Yup and while you are at it let's find a do do bird! Wasting our money is something the democrats are real good at.
Then what cry wolf at another allegation? Shame on u n Dems, time to accept Trump won!!!
Pizzagate arrests
We demand GOP/Dem committees do their jobs & continue investigation and get to the bottom of Obama/Clinton/Democratic corruption.
Past and present! Also MSM collusion.  Beginning to think #Pizzagate #Pedo_Gate has a lot to do with things :( @FoxNews
It is a tragedy when a lifetime Senator does not know that a Special Prosecutor CANNOT be assigned unless it's a CRIMINAL investigation!-smh
Chuck you guys are criminals absolute seditionists
Give it up Chuck you guys lost
Yes to look into Hillary Clintons situation.
SCHUMER  you don't need one. You have been told three time, there is no sign of collusion. But Hillary, Obama and Uranium and Russia yes .
Start worrying about our roads and bridges. What are you doing about them? Focus on constituents not obsessions
To investigate what? Illegal unmasking? Surveillance ? Clinton email or uranium scandal? Obama iran deal? Funding obamacare from Fredy/Fanni
Special prosecutor not recommended by acting FBI director - a democrat.
Nope. Or are you saying the FBI is not competent? That they need to scrap the present investigation.., Because Comey has hurt the integrity
You are trying to prolong investigation so that you can continue your hate game. What is your issue with the FBI?
FAKE NEWS , investigated Hillary Start with Benghazi, Clinton Foundation,Uranium sale to Russia, this not fake this is real .Chuck U R FAKE
Yes name a special prosecutor to Investigate Hillary/Clinton Foundation influence peddling scheme while H was Sec of State.
Chucky boy, you don't hire a prosecutor until someone has committed a crime. Where's your evidence you jerkoff!
Get over it king hypocrite and fake tears Schumer your pathetic party has no idea which way to go your party has lost their common sense sad
And I demand that all Democrats resign their office immediately.
Agree let's investigate Hillary Clinton. George Soros Chuck Shumer and the rest of the DNC. Make it happen Chuckie the Clown
If it is to investigate Clinton crimes.
NOT GOING TO GET IT YOU SHOULD BE REMOVED FROM THE SENATE YOUR A FRAUD WE THE PEOPLE NEED A SENATOR TO GOVERN VOTE CHUCK OUT
Sorry Chuckie there's a new sheriff in town! Speaking of rule of law how's Shelly doing his 12 years? How many nights in jail last 2 years??
One does not exist. R U saying the frontline FBI is incompetent 2 conduct the investigation Senator?
Comey was compromised. He was part of the story. How can a participant in the election be lead investigator? Still no evidence against Trump
What about a special prosecutor for your partners in crime @HillaryClinton and her clowns for the shenanigans they pulled? Lyin Hypocrite!
What about a special prosecutor for your partners in crime @HillaryClinton and her clowns  for the shenanigans they pulled? Lyin Hypocrite!
how bout Maxine waterfall-she is non partisan
If you and colleagues  spend as much energy on improving lives of citizens as you did resisting Trump, you might keep your seats in 2018
I totally agree but perhaps should investigate you.Let's see how much you're hiding. Hatred & revenge are not qualifying reqs for a Senator.
Do you ever work or just bitch and gripe ALL THE TIME. SO OLD STOP IT
Who claims to be non political in this day of constant bickering.  Washington need to grow up, you're embarrassing and disgusting.
Democrats are parrots! All repeat the same mantra. LIARS!!!!
MODERN DAY HERO
No Special Prosecutors, history shows huge delay times, questionable outcomes, and a waste of taxpayer money
6 year old boy hit and seriously injured by an illegal deported 15 times! Build a wall to protect our border and our citizens !
Silliness #UseLess sch
I am calling my house rep @RonDeSantisFL , @marcorubio  and @SenBillNelson everyday with this same demand!
1800+ in N. Arizona demand that too! @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake #independentcounsel
Not needed!
You go Chuck!!!! Fearless leader.
.@SenateDems Yes! Keep this up until we get one! We must - our country at stake
If I ever hear you say anything that has intellectual honesty I will drop dead of a heart attack. Stop spreading lies
...Ahhhh like who...Al Franken? How about...a non partisan.. woops there are none on the planet...
Nothing to investigate..
Demand. 
In October you said he was unfit now he's fired and your unhappy.  Hypocrisy.  Political hack
Why do you want a sp prosecutor when there are no charges? Not a very smart man r u?
@SenateDems
How about special prosecutors all around includg HRC email/server & violation of espionage act & unmasking/leaking by BHO admin
How about Sally Yates for special prosecutor? I hear she's looking for a job.
So Do The People! It's time to put country first.
I demand we don't waste money that we don't have chasing a delusion your party has fabricated because THEY are sore losers.
Thanks chuck
right after the special prosecutor for Benghazi, IRS targeting, and Clinton email cases, ok Schmucky?
It's  not going to happen Chucky boy! Your time has expired!
For what????
Schumer you are delusional. When are you going to forget this BS.  Obama admin said there was no evidence of collusion! How to prove nothing
Hey if you want a special prosecutor pay for it yourself.
Time for a special prosecutor to get to the bottom of Trump's mess!
Never happen
@potus is already riding the storm. @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @housedeshould not rest in giving him hell. @republicanparty was sold.
You're really starting to sound like an old woman with dementia.
Start your cryin' NOW Chuckie, there ain't gonna' be no special prosecutor!
Yes a special prosecutor to find out which Obama Admin,Trump hating lunatic nut job, leaked unmasked classified data to the media = CRIME
don't need speial prosecutor just need for you to either resign or get some sense
What the hell are we prosecuting? Did some say a crime was committed? If u look at what happened we learned Hill was colluding against Burn
This Cover Up Involving Loretta Lynch Just Got More Serious http://www.americanpatriotdaily.com/latest/cover-up-loretta-lynch/ … lock Hillary up
We demand you get your asses to work and quit the bickering like a bunch of kids.
A special prosecutor for what?There is no evidence of crimes or collusion. What the hell are u talking about! Ur nuts & need a special Dr. 
You are the nut job here that needs a doctor can you say Putin
Chuckles your to stupid to demand anything
a waste of time...it'll get covered up by people on both sides...i don't trust none of you snakes
Why don't you stop acting like a petulant child and try to get some things done for the American people 2018 is coming fast
Go back to work Chucky start to earn your pay. Start to work for us the Americans stop being a showboat it's all me me stop it say for us us
Trump doesnt care about nation Or The constitution. He said he didnt need OUR intel. We thought, whose intel does have? Now we know
No crime committed - no "special prosecutor" needed.
@realDonaldTrump Ignore @SenSchumer  demands
What a gold mine for mid-terms... Don't let us down.
Chuckie baby when are you going to stop acting like a 2 yr old who lost her binky. please grow up and do some real work
Americans are tired of your unfounded demands..Dems are not in power..suck it up and except it..
In Your dreams Chuckie you can keep on asking for the same stupidity it ain't going to happen give it up retire do everybody a favor
Investigate OBAMA FOR GETTING THE FBI to investigate Trump the day he was nominated. There was NO CRIME no REASON, Just Stalinist tactics.
How about you demand a special prosecutor for the targeted conservative groups under Obamas IRS. Or the meeting whit Bill and Loretta
How about this? No.
HOW CAN ANYONE TODAY NOT BE ON ONE SIDE OR THE OTHER.????
...no ...it was not done when obama was there.  U have nothing.
Stick it chucky
Stick it comey
Sure wasn't on board when ppl wanted one to investigate HRC!!!!!
You mean the Senate Democrats.
Go home Chuck. Demand investigating HC. Oh that's right, she's one of your liberal cronies. Retire Chuck. Hypocrite!
Their should be a special prosecutor investigating Loretta Lynch and Bil Clinton about their secret meeting during and on go investigation.
Why?
And you got the prosecutors i know another democrats puppet of you.who do what ever you put too he said too manipulating people's
Demand anything you want, you have no say, grow up, be an adult, I know it is hard to be an adult after 8yrs. of Obama.
Keep fighting for us & LOCK THEM UP!
The public is learning to ignore you.
Senator, you so understand that attempting a Coup D'etat is a felony correct?
American People DEMAND Democrat HATE GROUP BE REMOVED FROM CONGRESS
On what grounds Chuck? You keep looking for some connection that's obviously not there or it surely would've been uncovered by now. Give up!
Hypocritical crybabies need to give it up. You will NOT win this.  At the end @realDonaldTrump is still President of the United States.
You guys want to appt a "special" PROSECUTOR for this nonsense and yet you ALL flipped out when @realDonaldTrump wanted to prosecute HRC
Stop wasting our money and do some work.
Special prosecutor because there has been a crime committed? Don't u have confidence in the people already in place to investigate??
You are the reason Dems are on notice that their days are numbered.
(212) 486-4430
#DrainTheSwamp 
#MAGA 
Special prosecutor is for criminal acts. No crime has been committed so STOP  and do your job. FIX ACA and CREATE JOBS FOR ALL.
there u go demanding again who the hell  do u people think you are u should all be voted out
Not going to happen. You lose again.
We need s special prosecutor to investigate the Russian hacking lie, your pushing it, and the DNC!
You know that only the AG (or Deputy if AG has conflict) can appoint special counsel. You have no authority.
And you should read the CFR some time since the term "special prosecutor" hasn't been used since the 70s.
and if you read the statute you would note that a SC is appointed only if facts support a criminal (not cyber sec) investigation
