Sure, and your plans bankrupt us consistently. #draintheswamp
Prosecute USA gov 4 every loss life under trumpcare bcse it's malicious with intent to profit fraudulently. Tax release.
IMPEACH THE PIG!!!
The counties with the highest opioid addiction rates all voted for Trump. Of course he did. Drug addicts elected him, why prevent more?
#propaganda
#ImpeachTrump @SenateGOP @HouseGOP #NoGOP2018 #VoteThemOut #liar What on earth is he trying to do?? His lies will destroy our country!
Addicts should be responsible for their own disgusting behavior.  JUST SAY NO!
Did you know that @SenMcConnell just shut down access to his Twitter account? He's hiding from Americans. Please tell him to fix the ACA.

"The Republican party is working together...the Democratic party is just this collection of ad hoc protesters."-@KellyannePolls on 'Justice'
Sure they are. That's why they get nothing done. Their healthcare will fail unless dems can get it right.
Remember when rush Limbaugh had his little addiction issues? His addiction was a disease. Rules are different for republicans.
No they're not. But we the txpar don't have to pay for everyone's problems. Remember rush Limbaugh?  He paid for his own treatment
Ya know he came from poor roits. Not all wealthy people had it handed to them like Obama did. How about getting off the high horse
Are you just ignorant? Obama didn't get anything handed to him.Trumpty Dumpy, did get it handed to him.He's also a draft dodger!
Obama went to school as an exchange student and had EVERYTHING  handed to him. Trump got a loan and paid it back
You're boring me
Name one President that managed to keep all his campaign promises? Just one? Come on @SenSchumer you're letting us down with this dribble
Can you tell us which health insurance company is left in your state, or any other that hasn't opted out of Obamacare?
Yet dems allow drug tents in cities, helps users shoot up. #stupid #illegal that's not helping them. #mytaxes 

Make no mistake. #TrumpCare is an act of #Terrorism. #TrumpCare is an act of #HybridWar, designed to kill and confound. #TrumpRussia 
You think everything is cold-hearted!
You don't need a drug prevention program in a health care bill. It needs to be addressed later and outside of the AHCA
He never means what he says. It's always whatever he thinks his audience wants to hear. And he doesn't care. #resist
Why aren't there any WOMEN on the senate healthcare committee?! Fix this Chuck!
Why aren't the drugs to stop his hair from falling out gutted?And whatever drug it is that keeps his mouth continue to move?
I agree
Facts not fiction!! Be truthful
Grow up or get out
Failure to attack rising costs in meds, devices big issue. Single payer is best but moving near that important. Medicare age reduction?
Tax breaks for rich no-go. Medicaid gut - no go. Medicare expansion for 50+ & bring down drug costs. No reason we pay more than others.
If you don't support President Trump in securing the borderr and getting illegals out, you don't care about the drug problem.
When you speak in anger, it's hard to hear you.
What's Your Ideal?









Liberals want drugs to be legalized? Both sides of the fence is what cost you your election and will be the end to your party.
I'm sure u can donate some of your millions of dollars to these programs to help out. #FakeConcern #DEMSDeceive #NeverBelieveADEM
DO SOMETHING!!!!
"The Trump budget would result in a “smaller, more streamlined organization that can more effectively address drug control issues.”
You wasted enough of my money and time on very misleading regulations. Term limits now.
Mr Schumer. Cut what?  There is nothing left. You and Dems have bankrupted US with bad policies. Get on board or be left behind. Get to work
Prolly because Dems obstructed it
Would you please share the success rate of these programs?
Soros puppets taking his side vs the good of the people for $ #BigPharma 
Also pphood selling babybodyparts&these puppets keep sheilding him
Add it up
More poor illegals the bigger pool for planned parenthood the more baby body parts to sell to the rich
There needs to be a more well rounded committee group to oversee this.
won't be covered.  In addition, there is not one single woman on the panel, nor anyone from the West Coast. I dislike men governing my body.
What is appalling is that erectile dysfunction is not considered a preexisting condition, but mammograms, pap smears and birth control
More demwits resist, the more republicans are mobilized! Riots, more vindicated! Lies, more wins! You will lose again and again and again!
Cold hearted is ur racist bigot party protecting illegals & sanctuary cities American's blood is on your hands Wake up America Vote no dems
@SenSchumer @npelos  How about all u Senators trade in your Congressional healthcare for Obamacare? Bet not one of u would..
You did know that under Obamacare they were required to go through the marketplace just like the public...but not anymore with trumpcare.
Didn't know that? Does that mean they r paying  $2200 month w/$9000 deductible  for their family?
I'd have no way of knowing what they pay, it varies by state and plan obviously I'm just clarifying that they do have Obamacare.
Says the party of the KKK. No one believes your lies.
Go to church and #Retire
Work with @SenateGOP to fix ACA and keep us on a plan that covers preexisting conditions! Repeal is NOT the answer! REPAIR is! 
We the people voted 4Trump. Contrary 2what u say he has kept many of his promises, despite the fact  that the Dems have put up road bocks
Maybe Chuck once u stop making false claims and misleading your party we can all move forward ,time to grow up chuck , we r not 13 years old
You are all backed by Soros U have vowed to block all he does so why would anyone believe u? You say it only to show u resist Grow up
Democrats For Junkies!
So you are claiming that you read it b4 voting it?
"Why yes, I'll go out and do drugs tomorrow because Office of Drug Control policy got $25 billion not the requested $26 billion this year"
Goo goo Chuck spoon feed me
I'm tired of all this "winning".  LOL
#TrumpDontCare
macron leaks-hacker florida?
No
Fri 5, 5:02 pm: Tweets about their flight [to Florida]
Fri 5, 8:49 pm: 1st #MacronLeaks tweet [so from Florida]
Fri 5 [time?]: Milo party 
If you prevent drugs, how's Trump supposed to get his coke fix?

Jack Posobiec, tracked down as "patient zero" on Macron "leaks", with his Russian wife at Trump's Inaugural Ball. 
Why is he not impeached???? What's going on?? Americans have a right to know!!!
Silly Trumpers, those weren't promises. They were bait. Trolled in your face & you sucked hard. We knew he was a vile con man. We were right
DeVos has investments in hedge funds invested in Sober Living homes. Keep an eye on this 1 as bill makes it's way thru Senate.
Gotta keep those private prisons in business.
He conned every one of his "fans".  I hope for their sakes & ours they choose facts over slogans now. We all deserve access to health care!
Fact <24 million uninsured with Obamacare
Fact more insurance companies leaving O-care, fact O-care is the largest tax ever in USA
Who the HELL stops @potus's racist/sexist/elitist actions before he enables the far right & white supremacists to support his dictatorship?
For not having health insurance. I can see why you are so proud of Obamas accomplishments.
20trillion in debt. North Korea and Iran with nukes. Iowa will be left without a single insurer in their exchange, yet they will pay tax
Thanks Obama!!
#45 is what a cold-hearted person looks and acts like.
Take him out already, every day he's in office, a unicorn dies and we all suffer.... for fuck sake, take him out-impeach remove all of them
Unicorns are real in your world? Seek help, no wonder the dems lost.
Let the fake tears roll! If you are so upset do your job start negotiating and quit complaining! #iamapreexistingcondition
This is only the beginning. The republicans are heartless people without any soul.
Trump Liar
Hard to address drug problem without ONDCP; do you really mean what you say?
Cry for us chuck u
"Promise" is just a word to 45; nothing behind it & no meaning to it. When a person doesn't read words have no value.
Just an example of how he is trying to unify the nation...  oh yea another promise. Oh yea another lie. Oh yea trump policy!!!
Like giving methadone,their on the crap for thirty years, accessibility to drugs,letting out two,time loser selling drug,justice reform
Over 300 million and you have a epidemic ? Maybe it's your policies , our Intel sucks , or have been misdirected to surveil trump
When did speaking up for the drug czar become a lefty cause? And don't say "opioid epidemic," cause everyone knows the war on drugs is crap.
War on Drugs...failure. Need new approach. If programs not effective...dump them.
That is not in the health care bill so did you all in congress pass a bill to do that?
Lies
You lied about pre-existing conditions. Why would anyone believe this?

apparently you are out of touch we can't keep putting money into a lost cause.  Put the money in kids and seniors
Fake news
And yet your lie and spread Fake news. Hey no one has died yet from the new plan that hasn't started yet. Lol
Wouldn't it be better to cut off supply, AKA WALL. We've had prevention programs forever with no results. Time to try something new!
I thought Kushner was on it?
He's saving the World, remember...
#fakenews
ThIs is dangerous. Government officials should have a qualifications exam before running for office #Factsmatter  #SAD
And thank you, again Chuck Schumer, for fighting for human rights
Help me even the field. @Eva4Senate
Not when they are mismanaged, rooted with fraud, and Senators get kickbacks from the vendors.  Better off handled by the States.
More hate from the Minority hater, keep it up Schumer, maybe the stress will give you a heart attack from the stress.
You guys haven't  seen a dollar of someone else's money you wouldn't like to confiscate and spend elsewhere.
#What constitutes #pre existing? #cause we have #1 numb nut @#WH #2 in Congress #1 @FBI #So tell me when will #asswipes rejected!WTK?
And what is the Democrats plan?
LIES!
You have to take drugs to deal with these Liberal a-holes
Be a man !,Stop your crying
Time for some tears sch @SenSchumer
Like you policies had anything but s exacerbation of the problem.  You created this abomination.
Het to work senate, but this healthcare mess, give the American people an affordable plan
Blah blah blah. Same old crap from the demoncRATS.
You done NOTHING AT ALL while veterans died waiting on the VA Healthcare (govt healthcare), &  u think your words matter now? Pathetic!!!!!
If the Dem Gov's got a handle on drug movement in their States the tax payers wouldn't be wasting money on rehab programs! Cut the budget!
FOCUS>TREASON, all the rest will fall in place
When will you guys ever care about your constituents & country above grudge sour grapes? Shame on you ball less elected officials ! Gutless
Another demwit lie: Trump created a new anti-drug Czar Gov. Christy & gave the new task force $150 billion to combat drugs! Where were you?
Why do you bother to keep lying
Has everybody missed the fact that everything the GOP "Greedy Old Pigs" stands for it 1st accuses progressives of?
More demwits resist, the more republicans are mobilized! Riots, more vindicated! Lies, more wins! You will lose again and again and again!
You all should draft a bill to help them. The old one two punch. GOP crafts destruction, dems knock it down and replace with gold
If you say it i don't even need to look for my self... I love being a sheep.. please smarter than me Schumer tell me what I should think!
Community involvement is more critical to their recoveries.
Trump is the biggest liar on the planet. Pinocchio lied less.
Please tell me how you Senate DummyCraps plan on continuing to pay for all these free programs! #reducethedebt
@SenSchumer Iran is holding 173 billion dollars on health care money take a loan Chuck
@SenSchumer and I Ron just gave 600 million to Hezbollah thanks to your Democratic Party
Indeed, I am also sick and tired of supporting everyone's bad habits.
This is totally trump.
Can you give it a rest, if you don't like the bill, try and help to fix it but quite being anti-American with this division and back biting!
Troll
Don't do drugs, stay in school. There. That didn't cost much. Thanx Trump. Saving taxpayers some $.
Clown I don't know what ur talking about
And if you vote for us we PROMISE you we will continue 2 do nothing. EVER. U can't blame anything on us because we have never done anything.
Yet he looks straight at US citizens & straight up lies that it covers everything. Still a circus barker.
You can keep your doctor and plan... wait, that was the other guy.
Unheard of cruelty! GOP lying to their own constituents! Soulless Neanderthals gona end up costing the nation trillions in lost production!
He is a midern day Hitler.
If he doesn't know he cut it, does it count?  Thinking like he thinks.
OMG this makes me just want to start crying.   How about you Chuck?   Trump must be evil personified!   Get Maxine to call 4 impeachment
Trump says "pussy" and becomes President. Colbert says "cock" and the world comes to an end?
Do you ever do anything but complain.
Interesting, they lie a lot. There's that also.
Ummm no irs not. Stop lying
Cold hearted, bad policy and another broken campaign promise. But NOT a surprise.
Bullshit Chuck. Still trying to make it in the big leagues? President Trump is not like you, insane. If it's not working, try something new
Drama queen........
#ImpeachGOP
Limousine Liberals

Better then voting for a wall, then saying a wall is not good. Your all about politics, and nothing about solutions.
@SenSchumer No heart
@SenSchumer Not simply a broken promise. It is an outright lie with real life consequences. Do you think they regret yet?
No worries! As long as we get what we want after donating "campaign contributions", tell the public whatever you want! 
