Want a real-world example of a successful bipartisan health care system? Look at Rhode Island, writes @DLeonhardt http://nyti.ms/2uLCxHz 
America is just two polarized. And healthcare is one of those things that fails if you go the middle road. Look at Obama care.
*too lol
How do we solve that problem? What do you suggest?
...costs drop by 75%. No more debt crisis.
How much money can be saved by stopping subsidized education and taxing scholarship, total bottom line?
And for the i tellectuals who choose to go to college. Probably half the cost
Okay, so how much money is that in total? And I do mean for the government.
About 100 billion in federal funds, 75 billion in state funds.
@realDonaldTrump THIS is a moment in history where u can truly lead. Bring R&Ds together, insist they fix the ACA. Your ratings w go sky hi
That's basically what thee AHCA is, keeps the majority of ACA. It's why it's so unpopular with conservatives.
It also undermines structural elements, such as the mandate. How do you fix the funding issues without it?
By not havin it in the first place at all. The ACA has hurt more families than it has helped, created monopolies, and drove up cost
Alright, how do you fix the issues without a time machine?
Repeal... You're not getting that it's broken. Gov can't dictate to the free market how to operate. It fails every time.
True, which is why nutrition labels, mandatory investment disclosures, and flight safety regulations are all illegal.
Sorry. The ACA experiment failed, if you want an individual market for health insurance then you have to remove gov from health ins markets.
Depends.

Are u actually willing to meet in the gray area or just display more obstruction while providing political lip service?
I'm concerned that you believe the minority party are obstructing government policy. Republican disunity is to blame. #Facts
You're full of it and not representing the people. Blocking appointees to a ridiculous degree. We The People will hold Dems responsible 2018
I'm concerned that you think that Democratic Senators are responsible for the 85% of positions for which there has been no nominee. #Facts
Even better, let the worst possible bill pass and go into effect first of year so all can see true nature of GOP. ... Before the midterms.
@nytopinion @DLeonhardt  it's about time
Try Hillary's plan
You're right. Can't fix stupid. (Hey! That name-calling stuff is kinda fun!)
It is when Dems stop their obstructionism! #MAGA
You don't want to come together on anything but the failure of Obamacare. Get a clue old man
Thank you - interesting article!
Dont work w the Republicans on ANYTHING until they impeach Trump
And you are a refugee from where??
Full repeal, if the @GOP can't get it done! You don't deserve to be cooperated with.
Try Hillary's plan
Anything to do with Hillary was a disaster waiting to happen.
There is money init for her in any plan.
She stole money from Haitian orphans 
It's too late Clown. You made your bed. Ovomitcare is dead and it all on YOU! #SewerRatPolitician
Impeach trump.  Save & repair ACA.  Dump sanders.
Unfortunately, a toll must be paid by the GOP first for its obstruction.
I pray your constituents see what children you all are the GOP at least allowed Obama to have his administration in place by now
I think the Russian investigation has to take priority even over healthcare ... and I'm a physician.  #Resist
I work in emergency medicine.  Basically the trenches.  We need moral authority to improve healthcare.
I'm betting your health insurance premiums don't cost half your income. Or two thirds. Would you think differently if that were the case?
Right since when have you tried
Only collusion is schumer and a Russian over work visas. How about investigating that
You need to stop wasting money on investigations and put more time and effort toward tax reform and health care or lose elections 2018.
Hey Schumer: Since Jan you have been jawboning on. What is your solution? Take more $ from middle income citizens. WHY ARE YOU EXEMPTED?
You had 8 years to make ACA work. Now that it has failed, you want to work on it. Better to just SUPPORT DONALD TRUMP.
Was in possible when the Dems first passed Obamacare?
@EmoryLewis8 There are PLENTY of us who are ALIVE because of Obamacare!!
A lot more people have lost their lives, jobs, homes because of BABOON CARE that has destroyed HC! unaffordable unusable!
Time to do some work. Chucky you've been scamming from the taxpayers. You're a fraud!
It is possible.
I'm a big fan and supporter Mr. Schumer. Let's work together to get this right. Anger never wins over common sense.
There's a fine line between standing your gound and obstructionism. Let's care more about the country and less about party. America first.
Time for you to tender your resignation.
If you get out of your hate filled ideology,you are the problem, you are certainly not the solution, you pushed Odumbocare
Of course it is. If YOU would just cut out al your negativity, A LOT could get done Senator
You are lying.
I'm a New Yorker and must say you're senseless obstruction of this administration at every turn is a disgrace! You and Gillibrand need to go
Make it happen, but my money is you won't!
DON'T LET Republicans destroy the ACA. Too many people depend on it! Don't let them kill us!
Why didn't you fix Obamacare?
Healthcare NOT wealthcare...
DO NO HARM!
Two faced obstructionist projecting his parties pathetic recurrent failures while blocking the American dream. Schumer: Just a hateful man.
Den better not cave & leave us with out as good or better than what we have or we will remember that at election time & before!
single payer is the only way to go
Yeah see how you feel when you have to wait a few weeks for a dr appt when you're sick. Socialized medicine blows! Look it up
You mean you're done dicking around? I find that hard to believe from the likes of you.
you should be afraid to go home for vacation too get the bill passed
Not with a Democrats in DC it isn't. Shame on all of you.
Ok, if that's true, then scrap Obamacare completely, then come up with a better one. If ur lying, then just shut up, cause u don't care.
You Dems have done NOTHING but obstruct EVERYTHING! You think the Reps are going to have issues with the voters, watch what happens to Dems!
Hope U and Repub. can get together and fix the health care right. I still despised Obumba the Jew hater/Israel
You far left libs ruined the hc. Took HC from people who paid their own way and gave it to others for free.
Your state needs to come together to make you and De Blasio step down.
YOU DON'T GIVE A DAMN ABOUT HEALTH CARE - OBSTRUCTIONIST
I wouldn't trust you as far as I can spit. There's something up your sleeve.
Hillary had plan during Clinton admin.Worked hard on it Congress worked get citizens 2 rebel.Hillary forced 2 withdraw working 4 health care
You should be the one not thrilled about going back to their district.  I live in your district, stop obstructing.  Voting you out Chuck;<(
U lie like a rug! 1 thing I've learned, Democrats do not care about USA! They want 2 shove 1 payer HC on us! all they do is obstruct! SHAME
can all y'all stop acting like this is dems vs reps.its not. 330m people need adults working on problems to make life better. Dc is fn it up
Chuck Schumer you are a lying son of a b**** obstructionist and the people blame you you are not good for America or the people it shows
What do u do all day !!! U do nothing for the people!! Crying snowflake!!
Trying to Save Obamacare will insure a Single Payer system administerd by a VA Hospital System of Healthcare.  Communism has no choices.
No to medicare I have medicare. No insurance.  Single payer like all the other countries that work. Corporate in gov. Is against us citizens
We need our original Democratic party back the party of unions & middle class working people It change to finance not unions under BClinton
Obama sent taxpayer money to campaign to oust Netanyahu
No to that! I live in NYS Iwant the Right out of our Democratic party  We will never win with neolibralism or Republicans, wall street
What - in your definition -  IS neoliberalism? Other than a simplistic term of abuse from Bernie Brownshirts?
How about Maryland chuck?
Chuck you aren't on the plan, or Pelosi,Hillary, Bernie or Obama
Chuckles is a lying obstructionist!
You will only accept medicaid for your refugees and zero health insurance for the middle class. We know how you roll, Chuckles! 
You should be ashamed of yourself, what a laugh you don't want to come together....division is your game.
Yes!  Healthcare...
.

You had 6 months with Obama in office to change Obamacare & you did nothing & you have done nothing for your people since Trump Elected
SENATOR THAT'S THE ONLY WAY THIS STALEMATE IS GOING TO PASS ;BIPARTISAN  LEGISLATION ;AND THEN BIPARTISAN SUPPORT,!
Not with Cryin', Lyin' Chuck at the helm.
If the DNC really thought it was possible, they would've done it 9 years ago?!  They instead lied, exaggerated, misspoke, and shut out RNC!
Some how it is difficult to believe you Chuckie.
At this point really? We just want this crap government interference repealed!
Will never work, the dems are to negative
Cut ur BS Chuckles U&ur cronies r resisting EVERYTHING Where was ur OUTRAGE over NYPDO Familia execution Keep illegals safe, kill the cops
Then stop tweeting and enter the committee and offer your solutions, which should not be more of the same crap.
You should not have shoved that POS legislation known as ACA through in the first place!
But it ain't LAWFUL
Right. Lol. If I am correct it is YOU who refuses to come together. You might be the worst congressman in history. But keep betraying us.
Get a grip, you sir are either a fool or you think all Americas are.  You do nothing but get in the way.  You are a JOKE!!!!
it would be possible it you were actually  interested in reform.  All you care about is blocking the repubs at ever turn.
Sadly NOT with you as minority leader1
Only if U STOP RESISTING. Impeach Schumer. I voted HRC. Support POTUS. Move On PLEASE. Plan B.
How about the federal govt out of the health care insurance
How about the government using private health insurance instead of government health insurance,
really?about time! your destructive voice is on the verge of ridiculous! time for you to go home!
Or a real-world example of single payer healthcare...learn about the charlie gard story
If @SenateGOP works with you, Mitch will have a new opposition party to deal with... Republican Voters! This idiot has nothing to offer!
Good, so stop trying to ram your liberal agenda down people's throat
What!! Chuckie actually saying something I can agree with!! But it too must be a lie or a trap Can't trust a word that comes from his mouth
time for more lies from the http://democrats.You  use children to push your lies.we are done with the democratic party of violence & hate
Yes & make sure NO $$ FROM LOBBYISTS to anyone in DC!  PLEASE
Not with you involved. Your party bastardized health with Obamacare now just get out of the way
Oh, really? After months of spewing hate, you've now decided that coming together is the answer? #FINALLYwoke #love45 #maga
Obstruct obstruct obstruct.... now you want to work together? You're nucking futs!
This is why we should let the states handle their own health care. Fed gov has messed it up for to long. Why don't u get the picture
Chuck your constituents want single-payer. We don't care about "compromising" with Republicans--they haven't played fair for yrs
Not all of the constituents! Single payer is socialized medicine and completely sucks! Ask those who know and need to wait weeks for dr app
On a small low population area. Will not work when the masses don't contibute.

U r the most CORRUPT disgusting excuse 4 a senator! Folks, how did u get to point of voting 4 this fool?!!
@nytopinion @DLeonhardt 
You either have a conscience about healthcare or you dont.I personaly have learned how cruel repubs are
@nytopinion @DLeonhardt @nytimes don't even let Obamacare be changed make small adjustments it's a great program stand behind it
Who are  you fooling? well  the liberals  that does not have their  own  mind to think
Out of pocket and deductibles are pretty high for even the cheapest insurance there.
@nytopinion @DLeonhardt Dems, like Obama, if you give me what I want, I'll work with you! Is that compromise?
.How can it be with the DemoRATS acting like they do?  I hate to say it but you are like the head of the do nothing DemoRATS
Bipartisan plan, created with help from a leftist  -
Shut up you were Part of the problem.. dont.tey to look like.the Hero. Trump.is.the Hero
I am so glad I left the Democratic Party you do not represent middle America...you are all deplorable
Same here! I'm ashamed to say I was a Democrat!
VERY GOOD SCHUMER TAKE THR STEP FORWARD YOU FINE IT HELP DEMOCRAYS SND MOST ALL WORKING TOGETHER HELPS USA
Why don't you and all the Dems let Trump govern and stop slow walking his candidates for his administration.
Chucky what have you done with our president to work on our health care. Its time you contact President trump and work together on it. Now
Trump/McConnell only want their deathcare to keep getting money from big pharma in their pockets so they will never let Ds help or look at
successful countries for a model.  McConnell, Ryan, Cruz, Trump would rather we all die than to do the right thing.
You can obstruct but.....
Repeal and don't replace
You think?
Obamacare is entering into death spiral.  You getting nervous chuck? This is your baby. The resistance has consequences.
The states need to quit relying on federal $.
The feds need to stop taxing us for stuff that states should be doing.
They both want their share. Not sure we ever get our share.
Funny @SenateMajLdr is using bipartisanship as a threat to @GOP   And by funny I mean pathetic.
Go 2 he'll u commi anti-American wessel!
Time 2 destroy baboon care lie!
Says he who said  you were going to deny everything you could....Thanks for wasting the tax payers money half the year so far. SHAME on YOU.
I think you may be thinking of @SenMajLdr. How are you going to blame the minority party for wasting money?
Would be great sch if @DNC @SenSchumer could work for America and stop this petty obstruction / resist. #UseLess support
affordable Ins. They won't cut down their monet tree just continue to lie to us calling it a Healthcare problem. Reality its an Ins problem
Do your job and confirm POTUS nominees you are so lazy ..accept you lost and work for the people
It would be IF you really wanted to work in good faith. But your actions speak much louder than your pitiful use of words. #DrainTheSwamp
Time for government to get out of Ins completely. Unblock interstate commerce, TORT reform, private sector insurance pools. Best path to..
Isn't tort reform just another type of gov't regulation? With the new bill, politicians decide what your case is worth rather than juries.
We, the people, have been saying that since democrats forced the ACA down our throats. #DoYourDamnJob
Naaa......you and Obama can keep what's left of it....it will soon be gone completely
Blah blah blah stop thinking of your self and start thinking of the American ppl then it IS possible
Define "come together "
why? you have OBSTRUCTED our POTUS since he was elected!
Then shift the conversation from figuring who will pay for insurance and tackle the costs we pay for healthcare in the first place.
Single payer now
Help us fight for Our Medical & pension. #local3 Has been on Strike for 106 Days now. We know you support the Union workers #Spectrumstrike

time for government to stay out of my life.
True. Who needs roads, cops, schools, drinkable H2O, sewers, air that doesn't kill you, fair wages... oh, wait! You can get that in Russia!

@SenSanders has been saying this since 1993. You seem a little late to the party. No?
It is? Are you sure that the @SenateGOP care abt people except for the top 1%? As a New Yorker, I want you to #Resist!
Cry Baby chuck you lie and obstruct.  Constant lies is not good for America.  Wise up!
Didn't you say, "No. No. No. Resist."
Of course it is possible...other modern countries do it.  If it is important enough to politicians, it is easily attainable. Sadly, it isn't
Other countries have shitty healthcare!Don't u get this?!We have the best doctors in the world cuz they are paid well See how it will change
We were destroyed under Obama Care.
Why didn't you care about bipartisanship 8 years ago? What goes around and good for the goose and all of that...
You want single payer, which takes the power from people to control their own health. Just look at Charlie Gard. Not the governments child
No Chuck, there is no coming together with you.  It's your way or no way and you are the minority. Go away with your BS rhetoric
Not if all dems like you want is single payer. Government needs to get out of the health ins business.
Where have u been for the past 6 months. That's right, you were demagoguing and fomenting division and hatred.
It is possible to work together if the dems stop the #douchbaggery
You HATE America! You refuse to  do your job... do you even know what your job is? You work for us ! If you can't.. step aside!
Prove it: Get to work!
@nytopinion @DLeonhardt 
#MedicareForAll!
ONLY #MedicareForAll!
#Bernie2020!
ONLY #Bernie2020!
Medicare is not what you want It's still controlled by insurance companies He's doing it because corporate democrats won't go with it unless

If you agree with the plan, we are against it.  You and your clowns get back in the car.
Sorry to say but these #GOPHypocrites have #HeartsOfStone   Please be smart about #TrojanHorses
You're an obstructionist. Can't even run a government much less be involved in adult conversations
Chucky #Obamacare is a sinking ship @POTUS44 @BarackObama @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @TheDemocrats!

Work with @GOP
Yes, but go around POTUS.
Time for recess as Lyin Ted wants to hold you guys hostage until you give in to their demands. Don't Fall for Their trap. #EnjoyRecess
Time to end the Obamacare Extortion where Career Politicians are Profiting from Medicare and Medicaid Fraud. TERM LIMITS 
I totally agree
Senator, with all due respect please retire you're killing America!! ( term limits) 
Navy Veteran!..
agreed
Just fix Obamacare! @GOP needs to stop trying to ditch just because 44 name attached...which they named, by the way.
I have, son. It's easier to fix the legislation already in place than completely repeal and come up with something new.
