Can I have a copy of your returns? What about @SenWarren, I'd like to look at hers too. #Backtoworksenator
we deserve to see Trump's taxes. End of story
yes he does. Praying for impeachment
Are we sure he's even filed?
His 2016 TR are not under audit. But feel free to prove me wrong and cite a source that says they are- besides DT.
*rolling eyes* Pretty sure you knew what I meant.
Just pay your own taxes, most of your party pays no taxes, they only take and give nothing back to Americans.
Listen #GOAT @maddow Proved Your Nonsense! If There Was Anything Wrong Obama/DemoCraps Would Have Leaked It Already!
Funny Because Each & Every 1,2,3 Of You Have Written The Same Crap! Yet I'm The Bot? I Rather Eat Glass Then Try & Educate Numnuts!
Why?
When you come clean about your part in the failed attempt to overthrow turkey government
Dems should be talking DAILY about how our Democracy is being raped by GOP Regime in power. They make HUGE blunders that should b discussed.
he's not honest enough to do that
Chucky much more important things
IM on #SSDI Plus on #GOVT #Pension,YET I have 2 Pay Extra Every YR While #Corporations pay Nothing Plus Get #Subsidies,Something #Wrong Here
It's time for Americans to know who in our Government sold their souls & American secrets to Russia! WE DESERVE THE TRUTH! #impeachTrumpnow
We will get his taxes. When they are subpeoned. When he's on his way to prison.
Chuck, Please speak out on lack of progress on Trump/Russia investigation. This is why an independent investigation is needed.
If Schumer had his way he would raise your taxes today.
Actually, it was LEGALIZED THEFT day! REFORM the tax laws to either Flat or Fair tax! We know you use the tax laws for corruption. Article V
WHO LISTEN ChuckSCHUMER JEWIISH PERSON WHO JOINED OBAMA  BETRAYAL OF ISRAEL IN UNITED NATIONS SECURITY COUNSEL?
CF MANEGING PARTNER F&F CPAs
Curious to see what new and exciting taxes you will unleash on us next year!
Also time for you to resign & retire. Your constituents must've had nothing much to vote for if they chose you. Enjoy your $174,900/yr "job"
disclose your own chuck

Still time for you to retire.
Why don't you just say, "This is a stick up give me all your money"
How many times did you disclose your tax returns?  Where in the constitution does it say that he has to? Plz answer these questions
Fun fact. IRS cannot dispute when you lie to the public about your tax returns. So you can make up any numbers and IRS can't say squat.
Tax day is like ringing the dinner bell for Democrats!
Let's See your tax returns what are you hiding???
Google them, he released them already.
Idiot
Thank you Mr. Trump-  this issue is no issue to true Americans. Only,,, our safety and TERRORISM
I'd rather see Hillary's deleted emails than Trump's tax returns. What is she hiding?
And still time for you to resign meatball
Since Congress enacts legislation, makes more sense for us to see yours.
Right, potus doesn't negotiate with foreign countries he's suspected to have fiscal ties to. Much more satisfied to see Schumer.
Quit now while you still have a few working brain cells. You and Pelosi have bee drinking from the same bottle. Dumbness is contagious
NoKo could bomb us and you're worried about Trump's taxes? You want to #MAGA get @ALSHARPTON_REV  to pay his taxes
We want to see yours published on Facebook
It's on his website, you can take it and publish it on fb if you want.
Did JFK submit his tax returns? Hypocrite. Time to retire from politics Chuck.
Chuckie I want to see your taxes ...now
Chucky,always the clownyou slay me dude.
give it up, chuck and get to work!
Enough, clown. There's NO law that requires @POTUS to release his tax returns. Only Dems seem to care. Try to accomplish something important
Keep fighting! Demand those taxes. Unbelievable that we citizens still have no idea of the scale of the conflicts of interest.
How about you disclosing meddling in fore elections
That's what we the ppl are sticking with
same ole redundant crap coming from the left. How about doing your job. That would be refreshing.
You really have a problem with not seeing Trumps tax returns. You're pathetic.  Move on to your next petty issue.
Maybe you could offer a trade. Trumps taxes for Obama's school records.
Chuck, you and @SenGillibrand need to push for NY to pass a law requiring presidents from NY need to release NY state tax returns. simple.
Filing for free! Oh yay! How much more money should I give the government????
Hey Chuck give you a little clue the president of United States does not have to release his taxes. Clue
If you don't like the fact that there is no law requiring a presidential candidate to release their taxes than change the law or shut up.
Cause old Chucky needs to get paid
This comment shows how dumb Schumer really is, it's not a requirement of the president to show tax returns just financials.
And it is never too late to regain one's integrity.
We are not entitled to see his tax returns. Let Hillary Clinton release her deleted emails on her illegal server!Enough w Russia-Trump myth
Why didnt you remain this relentless whn Lerner was doing wrong working for IRS? Doing wht is right isnt selective..its constant.
Ummm ICYMI no one besides the loser democrats give two shits
Still time for you to stop being America's clown and retire. We're tired of paying for your hair plugs! #draintheswamp 
Senator. I would love it if you could hold your breath waiting to see Trump's tax returns. As a Dem you'll look good in a deep shade of blue
Wow.  Thanks for this.
Get over it Fake Tears Schumer.....Loser and still Losing
Schumer, you are a Sorros troll and an enemy of American values! You will be delt with and not soon enough! TRAITOR! Sorros killed own ppl
Blah, blah,blah....  your a broken record along with the rest of the snowflakes!
nope we don't care and is not required.  Show us yours
Why are you even talking about this? Are there no other IMPORTANT issues? N. Korea maybe? Health Care? Illegal Immigration?

Can't get past returns? How bout the previous admin letting Syria kill indiscriminately? Yea line/sand. Chuck read the IRS rule/audits 
get over it Schumer!  Release your tax returns first then go to jail for involvment in Turkey!
AD  WWWWW
Why don't you show us your tax returns Chuck since you never worked a day in your life
ALL CONGRESS SHOULD SHOW TAX RETURNS IF YOU WANT TO STEP IT UP!
Blah, blah. And in Montana, progressive, @RobQuistforMT is competing for a GOP-held seat. Shall we help? Or let the GOP keep THIS seat TOO?
Obama-not a shred of corruption in the IRS.  Trump audited every year. IRS seal of approval and ok'ed by Obama!
Don't worry #Democrats and Progs don't pay taxes, take the day off .@Facebook , #GE, .@Twitter etc.
#taxday
Dear President Trump:
Put America first
Release your tax returns
North Korea's going to blow us up and you're worried about taxes? Get @ALSHARPTON_REV  to pay his
Why bring up Rev. Al? He's not president. Is he?
Everyone's tax returns should be public
They're not a requirement for office. I doubt you could understand his complex tax forms, Schumer. I know those who vote for you couldn't.
@realDonaldTrump  bc it will show U Owe PUTIN #RUSSIAGATE
We will never see his returns unless Congress agrees and acts...
And so should all of Congress
Why don't you work on people issues instead of Trump issues
We deserve to see all government officials tax returns, including yours corporatedem!!!
@maddow already revealed Trump's returns. Stop being ignorant.
Just ask IRS for his tax returns.
