If you would have backed @BernieSanders who was polling +10 or more on @realDonaldTrump instead, this wouldn't be happening dickface
Really? That's helpful, we HAVE to stick together against the oppressor. PLEASE focus forward!
Together my ass. The DNC could give two shits about the progressive or anti-war wing of the dems. They can stick their "together"
Give Bernie air time we said. They ignored us. 
Give us more debates we said. They have gave us 6 at shitty times.
I DON'T disagree with u channel ur anger to affect change join the resistance
If by joining the resistance, you mean joining @GovHowardDean who was attacking @TulsiGabbard the other day, no thx
U might want to think about it or ur anger WILL eat u alive
My anger is directed at the media and the DNC hacks clinging to their power fighting against what is right/best 4 country now
Ummm no, he's still VERY much under investigation by MULTIPLE angencies! Watergate took a yr! Nice try though
You'll hear all about it at IMPEACHMENT hearings!!
"snowflake" "libtard" "safeplace" yawn, hav 1 ORIGINAL thought, it won't hurt I PROMISE...
What is the Clinton Foundation hiding and what is the former AG hiding with fast and furious?  Is he covering for OBama?
Covering 4 what??? This should b good. Trump "foundation" under investigation 
This should be good the unmasking of names this should be really good and I am ready to go
LOLOL Both Parties said ZERO smoking gun on Rice, VERY common in intel community, she was doing her job. Repubs clinging to a dying vine
What investigation are you inferring to?  Let's see after the investigation
Are u serious? FBI, house intel, senate Intel, u honestly r denying those r going on as we speak, SERIOUSLY? WOW
He undoubtedly doesn't want us to see how much personal business he is doing
It's about the power.  And why won't he show his tax returns if he's worth so much?
It is my business and the business of EVERY American citizen. We pay his salary and have the right to know abt conflicts of interest
IRS isn't paid to look for conflicts of interest.  No felony involved with 45 showing his taxes
Screaming doesn't make you right.  You are very misinformed
I know he's not hiding his pedophile info like u Chuck. WIKILEAKS hurry an release the pedophile info on shummer
Why should they? Join the team or resign
WH visitor logs r a scam started by Obama 2 give the impression of transparency. That scam was outed long ago Complain about something else
it's funny that the only thing trump supporters can do is blame Obama. When does trump start to take responsibility?
So funny ! I guess when Obama And the dems stop blaming bush !! Oh that still hasn't happened.. hillary prob lost because of Pres Bush !
When can we finally move to impeach?
They had to order new logs since your lying, thieving, spying, corrupt President Oscuma didn't need any. Why? U xpecting some1? Wake-up fool
Why have investigations into Russian collusion stalled?  #resist
#persist Most frightening clowns ever. Trump is Unfit.Unhinged.
Unglued.
It was said early on in the investigations that there was no evidence of collusion. Said by Clapper. Not covered by PMSNBC
ummm yes it was and MULTIPLE investigations STILL very much going on. Keep clinging to that vine 
So in your logic Trump and his people were being surveilled by the Justice Department. This happened for more than 6 months before the
What are you hiding... What's your true objective ... Do nothing but obstruct. Try compromising....
The question is ,why do we as a party constantly let him get away with all of the egregiousness?
I'm so disgusted with the Republican party right now !!!
Karl Rove DELETED millions off an UNSECURE RNC sever, Repub outrage chirp chirp
Take a look at Kansas & Louisiana, POT meet KETTLE!!!!
Nothing don't you guys know everything
Good hope he doesn't @realDonaldTrump
Lois Lerner and Gruber must be visiting!
NONE YOUR BUSINESS.
Do you publish visitor logs of people who visit your office Chuck? What are you hiding?
Why are you not taking decisive actions against Trump for illegal actions, unconstitutional behavior and disrespect for former potus? Sue!!!
YOU pointing fingers, Chuck?? What are YOU & your Congressional pals hiding?Pizzagate and more, say leaks. Eyes are everywhere.
There is so muc cloak and dagger to trump and his administration I doubt we'll ever know the truth of trump
Everything. He's hiding everything.
This is wrong!   How do we stop all of this?  Our president needs a mental health eval.   There is something wrong with him.
Even worse his family, friends & GOP stand by & do nothing. This admin & GOP are going down in history for stealing the election.
Out of my element! Can't deal with SO MUCH stupidity gathered in one place. I've never "heard" so many total morons! Absolutely Stunning!!
Hey puppet, RU reaching 4 something else 2 stir your sore loser base? How about working with POTUS instead of trying 2 resist & screwing us
He did not care about Obama's practice
@realDonaldTrump needs to learn that the White House belongs to us! (He can tell it's not his bc not nouveau gaudy/ungapatchka)
And his names not on it
Collusion with Russia. Just a guess.. #TrumpRussia
Hi Race Baiter Hypocrite!
Worst President I have ever seen in my life time!
He isn't hiding anything. You know full well that the visitor logs  are an Obama/Lib Scam. As usual libs lack integrity. Face it you lost!
This man is a business man, Chucky, what you don't understand is how to be successful.  You have to adapt to different situations daily.
In all seriousness can we get moving on this Russia investigation before he bombs a country that will fight back
Yes, it's never been more critical that we get to the bottom of this & get this clown removed.
Keep dreamin'! PRESIDENT Trump is busy cleaning the swamp. Schumer is one of the worst & should be next. You people are so blind. Pathetic!
I suppose you agree we should make Obama's visitor and party guest logs public. Let's make public where he and HRC were nite of Bengahzi.
They were made public.
Ok. Where were they? I believe even the SOF guys  haven't been told the truth. Why was their a gag order on embassy people?
According to the Select Committee, Obama was in the White House, and he immediately ordered the military to deploy all available assets
There's even an official photo of him with the DNSA the NSA, Lew and Biden.
And Clinton was in her office that night, posting a statement after 10 p.m. (the attack was at 9:30), and emailing at 11 p.m.
Both answers I just learned by googling them and getting results from all those hearing Congress held.
You cherry picked the liberal site because many other articles can not substantiate his whereabouts. Why no rescue effort in 13hrs
What are you DOING about all of this? He's dangerous, chaotic, uninformed, unethical, corrupt.  Please, you've got to help us.
Morally bankrupt party has ALL the power, he's doing what he cab
Too many nosy spies releasing information illegally.better the public doesn't know who's visiting
You think they would've found something I'd like to see you go under that electron microscope for three months
Join us tomorrow at @taxmarchnyc and help us get answers!
Another march, have u no bloody job to go to??
Oddly, MANY folks are off on Saturdays. <eye roll>
U think, theres more at work than u think
It was you who said "another march, have you no bloody job".  And now it's been explained that MILLIONS are not working on a Saturday period
Please fight back against this .  We have a right to this information.
No 'right' to visitor logs.
The WH is the people's house.
And? There is no law saying that logs be made public, it's up to administration to release them or not.
Then WHY NOT do it? WHY NOT release returns, doesn't HAVE to DOESNT mean SHOULD
Um wasn't talking about returns
I was talking about both and making a LARGER point, try to keep up
You must have early stages of dementia Chuck.. you might get that checked out. Your just like a high schooler.
The safety of his visitors from you and all those who bulky them, riot against them, hate them.
Bully them, not bulky
You are a joke.
You dem politicians are freaking nuts.
You are a joke
Who cares
The lobbyist that are coming in!
Susan Rice ?
Probably the same reason Obama hid visitor logs, which you didn't mind. You're so transparent! #Hypocrite #LIAR #AllCorrupt
lets see all your logs. piss head over past 25 yrs, now that would be see, how about all the back door money also
Oh. Some more of your damned business. Just shut up.
Hot off the press! REPORT: SEN. SCHUMER UNDER INVESTIGATION FOR ALLEGED TIES TO 2016’S FAILED COUP IN TURKEY!
You! Your party only wants to create havoc and destroy America!
Why isn't your relationship with Fethullah Gulen made public?
Same thing Obama was
He is hiding his college records and birth certificate.
@cnn @foxnews cry me a river chucky!
That "hiding" list is getting longer
He is going to try and get away with SD much ad we let him. Publicize as you are doing. Keep up good work.
Hard to take seriously a "cereal" lier like you Senator Schumer. You are embarrassing with your pettiness. Resign.
Mistresses!
If there was REAL Russia story, he would be impeached. Come on, quit following the liberals, over the cliff.
He's not hiding abusing women like your are!
Why do you care? NYOB
Talk about hiding--  Democrats kept secret all the crap that went on during Obama's presidency. Read Peter Schweizer's book!
Plane Spotters brought rendition to the public. Perhaps we need Visitor Spotters? Just a thought.
Schemer just needs to go away
Why are you up in Mr. Trumps business all the time do you have a crush on him sir or are you just totally scared of him
We need  more aggressive progressive . It's not hillarycrats .  We need  more bold people  like elizabeth warren
You take  this time to revamp the Democratic party. making it more progressive and stop backing people like Hillary .We need more  Bernie
Hey Chuck when are you going to work with the GOP instead of being an obstructionist?
His taxes for one thing.@realDonaldTrump
The KGB
The same thing he's hiding in his taxes? #ReleasetheReturns #ReleasetheLogs #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Chuck have you seen any of your own flip flopping videos? SMH
Your obstructionist tactics ate getting old fast. Why aren't you questioning the protesters at Berkeley? Why r they in masks?
Chuck we should worry about you going postal and probably strip you from your government clearance pertaining to any government work
Back your President and our Country or get out it's that simple. If he's not your president than it's not your Country.
you should dump all your resources on this gamechanger
2 b flexible 2 give and take. 2 say I think the new info I have now.. I believe you're right and this would be a better way. Were all human
worry about what the entire corrupt Dem party is hiding!!!
Chuckie will be going
Tax returns & now the White House visitor's logs. We also need to know who he is meeting w/ at Mar-a-Lago since he spend so much time there
Hiding from da Chuckie why r u worried if u were doing things right
What did Obama hide? It would take more than eight years and thousands of pages to encompass his deceit.
Really! That's just soooo important!! Why not try working with president?!
Obama did it all the time what was he hiding ? U didn't ask that you need to be voted out of office  and fast
I look at all your tweets. You complain about everything @realDonaldTrump, yet you are doing nothing for this country. Why am I paying you
*who's* he hiding?
Everything 
Probably because everyone who meets with this admin immediately gets death threats, like Steve Harvey.
Why isn't Obama's college transcripts being made public? What are they hiding?
Why aren't all these missing or sealed things made public!? Schumer great at making a total ass of himself! Who would expect any less! Lol!
Don't you have your own problems to deal with?  Turkey probe
We love that the fact that Trump is YOUR president! And that it is killing you!
What are you trying to hide, Chucky?
They must be under audit and he can't show them...#notmypresident
Chuck, your getting funny. Don't throw stones. Your left backward party may get bit. Don't be a pesty one. Your clearly leaning left
Let he who is without sin cast the first stone
His taxes. Collusion.
Shut up and go away. You are a pain
Too many Russian names on the log, might look suspicious
Nothing why are you not working for NYS?
What was Obama hiding for 8 years - do you have a clue? 
Just get the #TaxReturns we know he is a swamper and visits with other swampers.
Merrick Garland said they were not FOIA so no need to maintain for public record.
Chuck. Look how poorly you're doing. Glass houses.
Perhaps its because u guys make ASSumptions.BO let  Muslim Brotherhood advocates visit, yet no one seemed to mind nor was it reported!
Chuck why didn't you complain about Obama only releasing visitor logs after many names were eliminated. Why was that okay?
Why u guys want find out?
He has so much to hide, hard to say but I'll guess he wants to keep us from knowing when he slips wormy Little Chairmen into the WH.
is that legal.
Visitor logs? Nothing else to do? Really? Gimme a break.
Are you supposed to be nice during passover?
Finally a Leader!!!
Godspeed President Trump!!
Kinda none of your business. He probably doesn't want your spys butting in. Why do u think he's in FL?
What was Obama hiding when it took court action for him to release logs?
you're as bad as Maxine Waters
Anything he can! He's the master of deception!
Hey @SenSchumer why don't you do something for the country instead of bashing the President every single day. #gotowork
are you under investigation for the coup in turkey, it's on wikileaks. people want to know
Ummm hookers?
When and if that question gets an honest answer, America will be safe again! #TrumpsTreason #Russiagate #LiarInCheif  #LockHimUp
Yes!  Particularly when we own it. 
Not hiding anything.  It's none of your business.
At this point what isn't he hiding?
the real question would be how come you're still a senator and no one's voted you out yet?
@cjsavant You what he is hiding, his corruption.
Using"Visitors"log for conspiracy theories.WH intelligence enforcing confidentiality,after Hussein's ilegal spying&surveillance
Guarantee u JZ and Snoop Dog aren't on the logs. Just American hero's and Vets, police, coal miners and other decent types.
go away Charleen
For one probably how many times @DevinNunes was over from day 1. Two,Russians,Russian Bankers.Three,business partners.Four,his mistresses.
He is hiding how many times you go to WH to beg him to help you
Hey Schumer! Have you given any thought to working FOR America rather than against it? A pile of crap would be better than you. Leave!
Yes the staffers take turn to be President once a week. Mon >Trump Tue> Sean,Wed>Jaded .Thur Ivanka, Fri >Ryan. Weekends off to play golf
He is hiding his pay to play access and other conflicts of interest.  He is not draining the swamp...he is a leach.
Really it's a need to know and you don't need to know
Honestly, is there NO Congressional mechanism to impose a Compulsory Sanity Hearing on a reckless .@POTUS?
Everything
Chuck, Iv got to bet on you loosing your seat just like Harry
Probably odds if 7 to 3
Following bummers action
If he discloses his visitors he will be exposed that he is still conducting his business interests
I think once he is out we need to make some more rules and not depend on Presidents with a moral compass
Why don't you ask him, instead of just endorsing all his cabinet appointments, whilst making ineffectual protest noises?
Obama had to be sued to release his. Why aren't u telling us that? Why must u be so dishonest? How does that help the country
What else is new ! You need to win the senate back soon & house next yr
#WHIsOurHouse
Do you forget the white house has been closed to the public for the past 6 yrs
Why is nothing happening to stop the madness that is our White House? The American people are worried & afraid! Someone needs to stop this
You're a very influential person Senator why are you and the rest of OUR reps taking action on this?!! There's a bully in charge Get him out
Who cares?
he's hiding all the liberal democrats coming to visit him.
Relax Chuckie, you will blow your O-ring worrying about what Trump's thinking. And, BTW it doesn't matter for you, a non-player these days.
At least @realDonaldTrump is there more than 8 days a month. You hangout more you might see the ones on the log.
Probably same thing that Clinton and Obama hid, though you said absolutely nothing then
@AlmaForte2 MSM not covering tax marches! I knew they wouldn't.  Not even MSNBC, what is happening?
: give it a rest you knucklehead.
Hookers?  Scarlet women giving Golden Showers in the White House?  I don't know. Could be.  Lots of people are saying...
Everything! Starting with the truth.
What's he hiding Where u in office with obama The most deceitful adm in american history he hid all his activities from America
It's NOT the White House, Chuck. IT'S MARA LAGOHe doesn't want anyone2 know who comes & goes.Know anyone named Joey no socks? New years eve?
He's hiding everything!
Would you be OK with @POTUS releasing the visitor log with the names redacted? That's what Obama did remember? No outcry then
people just don't care.... Move on
