Liberals Meltdown!OMG Work!
Nor would any of ur dems unless they kept Obama Care. So dont act as if u give a damn now. It prob will suck. All of u are to blame
This monstrosity doesn't really repeal Obamacare. It's really a humongous tax cut for rich people in disguise.
Idk wat the future hold 4 ahc I do no Obamacare is dead Defendin it is pointless I do no 1 thing the left doesn't Care bout u UNLESS ur rich
Completely unimaginable coming from a man who survived childhood polio - thru government funds. No memory, no heart, no excuses
So if Obamacare is dead and we don't go with this bill nobody gets coverage that doesn't have a job that is.
Even having a job doesn't guarantee insurance coverage.

We should start with shampoo.
F   A   K   E    N   E   W   S   !!!!
Death is better? It's what will come to many with no other way to have insurance meds expensive no insurance no meds equal death. Thanks GOP
I'm a democrat and I deeply care about the Russians involvement in our election.  Millions of us are deeply concerned and we want justice.
along w/ur cowardly nemesis ryan,dowdy,nunes,graham,@the grandpuba scary prez.as OBAMA said in THE ABSENCE OF LEADERSHIP, undr privilege
I don't understand how he can smile for any camera for any reason
Preexisting Disease !
That shouldn't make him happy he had Polio as a kid!! He's a walking billboard for Pre-Existing!!!
SoAmericans can pay for a wall that most don't want. But they do want healthcare. Logical? No. Political BS?YES
Only sociopaths like McConnell and Ryan smile when writing a bill that will kill millions. #ElectionsHaveConsequences
@SenSchumer supports killing babies, who's preexisting condition is being alive!
Healthcare bill saves children's lives, schumer is opposed!
Lies! You promoted Obamacare which is 100% disaster for EVERYONE! Now U want to say a bill no one has seen results of COULD be bad 4 SOME?
I would have to disagree "it was a disaster for EVERYONE".
Like u care. U were asked to help rite a new bill that would help the ppl but instead u refused. U got on TV and said u wouldn't help

I have Cancer, how about You?
yhey can't c the truth if it was written on the wall, not just them their followers as well men,women all who b'lve n hate,racismdestruction
american people will ovrcome this debauchery that is forced upon THE ALMIGHTYS CHILDREN fake evangelicals voted for these guys.
They arent even worried about midterms,  makes me think they have the hacking of numbers down pat.
They don't care about those of us with health issues. He will have his healthcare at my expense I will become very active in campaigns now
Trumpcare/McConnellcare Will kill Americans! Without access to Insurance/healthcare, 23million at risk. Dump Trumpcare/McConnellcare
Read Facts!
@GOP if ur a woman u r automatically a preexisting condition. Cancer is preexisting, forget u may die, that's beside the pt.
it's all about money, control, and power. conservatives, a joke, but the joke is on them. jesus has exposed their corruption reprobatedminds
And you and dims were a disaster for working American Middle Class!  Hypocritical, Lying Dem!
Yeah they should let the 
the terrible Obamacare self destruct and then you Democrats own it how's that sound
Sen Grassley exposed you as a very dishonest man. Enough of your lying...shame on you.
This is so wrong. It still covers pre-existing conditions. Quit lieing to the American people. So misleading. Put country over party!
there covered.All re existing conditions are covered.Obamacare stripped 716 billion off of medicare.Left vets to die
Obamacare is the disaster. Mortality rate started heading up after enactment.
And we should believe a liar like you because ....
DemocRats memo to Leadership STOP THE RUSSIA   BS:
You are a disaster old man!
If single payer so great why are Canadians and Mexicans overstaying in U.S. . These two countries are the largest demographic
I don't like it either , it does nothing to lower cost ,we need to stop giving illegals freebies .
Why would anyone believe you, you have repeatedly lied to all Americans. Stuff it crying Chuck.
That's bs
@SenSchumer Should be tried for treason, he lied to everyone for months about @realDonaldTrump #SCHUMERisISIS #DEMOCRATSLIE
So Chuck, will you now support Single Payer or will you do what your corporate donors want you to do or fight for us???? #TalkIsCheap
My friend had cancer and couldn't get or afford obamacare
@chuckschumer should be investigated for perjury and lying that POTUS was under investigation when he was not
You should be actively and NOW comparing #AHCA with Hitler's Ation T4 program .. there is no light between the two http://www.historyplace.com/worldwar2/holocaust/h-euthanasia.htm …
He SHOULD be fighting for Single Payer. The POS won't even utter the words. Anybody with a brain knew the ACA would inevitably fail.
Wouldn't matter if he was, then we have Pence or even worse Ryan. Better to stick w this incompetent. How many of his policies have passed?
I read it and it looks to me like it keeps the preexisting condition (and the kids to 26 provision) as it is in ACA. What disaster?
How is it
McConnell needs to go on it first for a year as an experiment to see how it works--don't think he'd be around very long with it unfortunatel
Both Obamacare and all healthcare unless U R rich sucks, U have excellent healthcare, but the poor here in AR do not!! I have seen 1st hand
That's why we need to destroy the Middle man (insurance co's) and fight for Single Payer but Chucky won't even utter the words!
Someone has to do something!  Get this lunatic out of office! Stop playing games and chasing his false games - get real and get him out!
Except that the fact covers pre existing conditions........
Lifelong LibDemAlinsky-loving  politicians have harmed our country more than any other in history. Welcome2the Washington clean-up
#Obamacare was and IS a DISASTER! PASS THE #HealthcareBill
Great job, fighting Trump.  We've lost 5 straight special elections.  Clearly, you are leading us down a rabbit hole.  Quit.
Why does Democrat chuck Schumer want to kill gays & mutilate women by bringing in thousands of unvetted potential muslim terrorists every mo
So making the government bankrupt and people isn't?  Oh here is a clue....why don't you help them?
He's  clearly forgotten his childhood polio and all the government intervention that returned him to health. SHAME ON YOU.
No one can get a Dr to help DX them.
But no matter if it does sux it won't be as bad as Obama Care. No drs high co pays no test that are needed. Urs treat preexsist only bcus
These @GOP greedy bastards!
Thank you Senator Grassley for exposing @SenSchumer's lies! Schumer lied to America about #RussianProbe of POTUS. http://m.youngcons.com/grassley-dem-lies-including-schumer-that-trump-was-under-investigation-harmed-america/?ref=FacebookPost …
I want His health insurance!
Here's the collusion
Full Movie: "Clinton Cash" https://youtu.be/kp2akjuUULI  via @YouTube Hillary's collusion with Foreign Governments
Old news. Now we've got to make this scum fight for Single Payer! #SayTheWords #StopPosturing
Hey schumer are you crying again?
@SenateMajLdr you beat polio as a child because of public health treatment!You want to deny the same to MILLIONS of sick,disabled,poor.SHAME
Chuck lied about Trumps connection to Russia.   Schumer should lose his job & Pension & be put in jail as anyone who lied to congress wud B
To hell with u, McConnell! I can't wait for Jarma to catch up with u and trust me, it will!
McConnell is a disaster
Really chuckie U r getting desperate The Atlantic hahahaha
They don't care these are people with no morals who only care about the rich.


pos
@SenSchumer @genebsperling @mpshapiro 1. who on earth would believe you, when you knew Trump wasn't under investigation &  you
Shame on him
No true. Current one is a disaster, start telling the truth .
Why is this man smiling? Does he enjoy ignoring ppl in wheel chairs? Does GOP base support this cruelty? Heartless!
Liar
Lose the word "mean."  It's weak and dumb.  Replace w more accurate "catastrophic."
How about the "disaster" of paying 1600 a month for two healthy 60yr olds? Its obscene that you do nothing and worse throw fuel on the fire.
That is not true. Preexisting conditions will be honored. Enough of the lies. Here's the truth.
Chuck have an original thought.
We can't keep you on the GOP team if you're going to take shortcuts.
@POTUS , Chuck is taking shortcuts
Mitch McConnell
Overcame polio by receiving government provided treatment at the Warm Springs Institute saving him from lifelong disability
WHAT????? Hypocrites! Do you know how many R's LOVE their Medicaid and pay absltly zero taxes?! Yet thy fght to cut thr own thrts! Brn wshd!
'This turtle head is an old fool, up DT rear & wife in cabinet...he needs to GO..he thinks only 4 his riches...
@SenateMajLdr I can tell by your face you have a mean & evil streak running down your back. You plan to sock it to the American poor.

After ACA, D's have lost all credibility. You can keep your Dr. & plan and, your cost will go down. We are tired of the lies. "Term Limits".
I kept my doctor, cost went down. Didn't keep my plan- got a better one instead. Thanks Obamacare! #realnews
Loved it at first. This yr my premiums up 150%. It's a Republican bill. Designed to fail. We need Single Payer. #SayTheWordsChucky
Wealthcare 
And our health care is affordable presently? Again you should listen way more than you talk. It's not perfect but it's better than yours.
The face of evil
Right....Trump= face of evil.
These senators see two faces on their one sided coins..... Detached ... Deranged...Deplorables!
That's not what skimm says that I sent you earlier
OBAMACARE HAS KILLED THE MIDDLE CLASS AND HAS KILLED MANY AMERICANS.  CAN'T AFFORD TO USE IT
The smile of a man planning on lining his pockets with all the tax cuts.  Ugh.
That's the point isn't it. Republican family values resemble Charlie Manson Family values.
Medical Insurance Industry = #DeathPanels
We've got to destroy the insurance ind and fight for Single Payer, but that's where Chucky's bread is buttered. How to brng hm 2 hs knees?
They are putin the screws to Trump's base GOP base and every Red state of the map. I guess the Dems force them to do it.
He is so happy that he will be party to killing a large number of poor/middle class Americans.  Where's his swastika & our gold stars 
The swastikas are in your ass

Low down snake
People with preexisting conditions have always had access to HealthCare, they pay more and had to wait longer b4 policy paid out for care.
Aww what a happy little turtle!
