It puts at risk the lives of Americans & those who gather intelligence for our country.
The President owes the intelligence community, the American people, and Congress a full explanation.
Try some new buzzwords asshole. Everything is either "disturbing" or the Mot d'jour. We truly have ZERO respect for you
I am so tired of hearing "disturbing" or "troubling" from reps in Washington.  How about "treasonous" or "impeachable"?
probably because you need evidence and not just hysteria.
There is a shitload of evidence, you delusional fuck.
then where is it?  Can't have a conversation without obscenities I see.
I have no respect for gaslighting morons.  Pay attention to something other than Fox News.  Don't make me do your research.
your so rustled.  Maybe step away from your computer for a minute. Of course you are so enlightened.  Again.  Proof?
Like I said, I am tired of wasting time on people who are delusional and choose to be blissfully ignorant.  Those like you are a lost cause.
you could have given a legitimate answer but chose to be an arrogant ass. Still waiting on that proof
Isn't it time to REALLY TAKE SOME ACTION instead of whining MORE RHETORIC??  YOU WERE ELECTED TO DO SOMETHING, so START DOING IT!!!
Or when Hillary dealt Uranium 1 to the Russians? Or when Hillary deleted the messages that had been subpoenaed from her server?
you and peloski,comey,hillary,obama are the ones to be drained from swamp of gov pedophiles
Where were you when Bill visited Lynch aboard her plane during Hillary's investigation?
Key word there Senator. "IF"
That's an understatement!
Time to tell the truth. The Russia story is a flat out lie.
Or when Obama told Medvedev on open mic to tell Vlad that he'd have more flexibility after the election?

"The story that came out tonight is false," NSA Director McMaster says tonight. "I was in the room it didn't happen." 
He lied.
Of Course @SenSchumer lied they have nothing 
Republicans control all 3 Branches of the Federal Government and even the Governorships 
McMaster lied.
When do you Senators actually work? All we hear from you is bull.
 So why don't  you  come out against the  betrayers acting like they are leaking, some leaks and some big fat LIES
But...it was OK under Clinton to sell tech to China...or Obama to call China our friend...seriously. DGAF
It can be damaging from all angles
He was guilt when he fired Yates and the reason was outrageous
CHUCK, U know it is not true Why even say something like that, O l know why U R a dividerU 
Stop accusing President Trump of wrong going WITHOUT PROOF! You Democrats are totally hysterical! I'm disgusted TOTALLY..by your behavior!
I don't understand why all of you aren't impeaching him? What other crimes does he have to commit. He's treasonous! Country over parties.
Have you no shame?  You're a total embarrassment to New York.
It is true. Trump admitted it on Twitter.
Having you in office is danger to the  ppl! Every time I see you on TV I feel ! You are completely useless! #termlimits
You keep following fake news. Grow up and do your job.
If it's true Comey was obstructing justice also.  You're suppose to repot this stuff when it happens.
So now we know the Post's story was #FakeNews. Where is the apology Chuck?
Hillary's server in Chappaqua "revealed" classified info to ALL even YOUR protege Weiner's laptop. Will u push for an indictment?18USC793
Not as disturbing as HRC private server or Anthony wieners labtop.
Chuck you are one two faced person. Where was your outrage over Hillary? WAPO and New York Times left wing papers in my opinion.
Really warning countries of threats ? Hm 
You guys need areal life get a real job we're tire of all of your obstruction
Can we PLEASE impeach him?
The greatest threat to democracy and our republic is Schumer.
Hillary forwarded thousands of emails with a "C" for classified... to people that did not have clearance
And well within presidential power.. But you wouldn't know.. Senator.. Since you are not nor ever will be elected to be the PRESIDENT
am I the only person wondering why Russians were in the Oval,why their photographer was there, & no one from US media? Let's not skip basics
Lies
Didn't Hillary do that?
You are a crybaby loser and you will be moved aside soon.  Dems need a real man
Go pound sand. You are small and petty. Pathetic. You remind me of the Penguin, the evil character in Batman.
But do something!
Chuck you need to stop! We pay you not to start trouble & delay POTUS but to work with him to help fix thi country The 1 you& Obama crashed
Do U know it is true. Sources. or shut the Fin up
#SethRich
Somebody has to be held responsible at the Washington post it's an atrocious newspaper
IF, ALLEGED, those are key words but u & ur fellow dems don't care just be first to trash the @POTUS before you have all the FACTS!!
Lock him up ! Simple, if he thought what Clinton warranted it then he should turn himself in .He would look good at Gitmo.!!
YEA HILLARY CLINTON HAVING A UNPROTECTED SERVER IN HER BATHROOM W/SECRET GOVERNMENT INFO IN IT THE RUSSIAN HACKED IT
You're the one who is disturbing and dangerous, Senator!
Time to find the leaks to the Washington Post
But it's NOT true Chuck no matter how badly you want it to be!
its not true and stop under minding this president and get some work done. think about the country
Was this a other leak of info to Washington post
Sen. With all due respect. STOP THE POLITICAL BULL CRAP Get this country together. You can help unite this country that is sadly in trouble
This whole administration is extremely dangerous. Thank you Senator Schumer for continuing to fight for America!
Disturbing isn't the word! Where are the politicians that are supposed to be protecting America? Action folks before we are sent to a gulag.
IF ? #Schmuck !
This violates his oath of office!!!
"IF" is the key word, "DISTURBING" is your favorite word, would be nice if the "TRUTH" came out of your mouth for a change!
Hillary revealed classified information to our enemies, and it was extremely disturbing then too!
The only thing that is disturbing is your mind Chucky
This is nothing more the another liberal fabricated hate story
Chuck I am so tired of the same BS from you day after day. How do you live with yourself?
IF it was true...dream on flipper.
It's not.
Everything this man does is extremely dangerous. What  is everyone waiting for to stop him?????
If you believe this crap, you are more dangerous than I thought!!
But we know it's not true!
WaPo is pure BS! Bezos is headed for an antitrust wreck!
Nut-Job Schumer
OMG nice to know that our ELECTED officials rely on slanted media outlets for what they think they know? Deal in hard facts not bullshit!
What will it take to get rid of this dangerous president? When is enough, enough?
If It's true? Are you calling McMaster a liar? Do you not comprehend President Trumps rights as President? You are hurting America.
Classic Democratic anemia.
“If the report is true.”
Prez and surrogates confirmed it.
We must enjoy being in the minority.
Time to #ImpeachTrumpPenceNow The Enemy within the WH. @CNN @MSNBC
You are dangerous to our country's well being by keeping up the constant attacks to our President. Let our country heal and move forward.
FAKE NEWS IDIOT!!
It's #FakeNews and #TrumpDerangementSyndrome you seditious partisan hack. Look at how Traitor Obama "shares" while Trump "reveals."
Djt admitted it. Please do something! Saying it's "troubling" isn't enough.
I believe old Hillary did a bit of revealing herself. Where's the outrage?
Chuck where are our special investigation like Ken Starr on clinton on this is a national intel breach and treason with Trump
Is our
Problem is the majority of us here in flyover country don't believe the stories from those main stream media outlets any longer....
Hillary is security threat where was your outrage there ....so phony chuck
If it is true that podesta wacked DNC worker you mean
Senator, now is not the time to be politically understated!  We are angry,  terrified,  and the US suffering!  Demand action on our behalf!!
What will it take to stop this buffoon! Frankly, NO ally should ever give us anymore intel!!
Nothing out of WaPo is true. Why do Dems insist on using it like a Bible? The Dems are the danger to America. They refuse to work!
Cuck, why is it always if, if, if!
Dangerous is Hillary and people like you who go hysterical whenUhave no proof! Pathetic 4 a position 2 do this! It was started not true!
Do representatives do anything besides tweet? Why aren't you all doing your job?
Liberals collude with Russia to destabilize the government of the USA.
I MUST HAVE MISSED THE WP ARTICLE ON SETH RICH MURDER/COVER UP STORY!  VERY DISTURBING! CORRUPT, LIARS!
IF?????? You don't even know "IF" this is true?? And you try to cause Hysteria??  You are such a drama king!! SHAME ON YOU #veryfakenews
it's not true and people need to stop hating! We all need to live together and make this country great again! Leaks will happen.

Welp - now we know it's true! Idiot admitted it himself...
It's OK, it's not HRC emails...
@POTUS @Reince @PressSec Please revoke #WaPo press pass! Find UR leaks & end this  from #MSM #WaPo #FauxNews take back the narrative NOW!
We are under Gold Finger bloodthirstiness 4 absolute power. BTW, what have happen w the " Snake poem?"
Operative word "if" but you know it's made up #WaPo lies again sheep follow which is what u want #perpetualoutrage U owe us silence
I told you so...We the ppl, cannot allowing Pres Trump & AG Session to selling out our democracy to Putin's regime..No & Never---James Bond
You're more dangerous than the Russians. You and your whole Party is a disgrace and a laughing stock to America.
I want WH to explain how Russians even got an Oval Office mtg after intel agreed they conducted malicious cyber activity during elections
What is DISTURBING is Seth Rich being murdered for contacting Wikileaks.
HRC did this while she was Sec of State yet u backed her for POTUS stop wasting everyones time do something to earn ur pay
Washington Post is lib hack bullshit, they are the CNN if the newspaper industry. You fit in with them rather well Chuck.
Time for Special Prosecutor & Independent Investigation. Shut down Congress until this happens. #trumprussia #Russiagate
impeach
This plan treasonous!  Taken the Russia thing and this incident as a whole is straight up treason.
Lyin Chuck isnt concerned if its true Five people in room said it never happened and this scumbag wants to push the story. Hebrew Home Chuck
@RogueED Simce the Russians have info on the GOP too from the campaign, I guess the whole GOP is bowing to their wishes.
@RogueED Get your colleagues to do something about it!
#FAKENEWS ONCE AGAIN! Funny how so many people never learn! #WASHINGTONCOMPOSTLIES
Clean your own Dems first
Why does Maxine Waters live out of her ghetto  District? Fired
Funny how you didn't care when @HillaryClinton had a private server with classified material on it! You're a pathetic hypocrite daily!!!
Dammit Chuckles did you watch the news this morning? He did not reveal any secrets to the Russians. You McCarthy idiots stop it.
Schumer lies like A Clinton
What do we need to do to REMOVE TRUMP FROM OFFICE and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain ?
Can global trip be cancelled or POTUS kept home?  Can't be on world stage, too reckless and uninformed.
As POTUS he can classify or declassify information that is his legal right.
More fake news and BS ... seriously Chuckles
Unbelievable...
IF the dog hadn't stopped to defecate he would have caught the rabbit. @FoxandFriends
I love the way yall always use the word "IF". you should look up what that word actually means.
Please Chuck ... you are more dangerous with your BS
& if it's false where do you come down on the source??? Not a word???
keyword is IF, what IF untrue u'v already told millions of people it is so doesnt matter now cause what they hear first is what they believe
So do something besides repeat platitudes or are all Dems ineffective?
It's TRUE and yet, Congress does NOTHING!!! Pathetic ball-less creatures who deserve to be voted OUT!!
Chuck you don't care about anything except your party and destroying POTUS. You are part of the problem not the solution.
FAKE NEWS not true! You know it's false too!
We've had enough "concerning" and "disturbing". Time for action
Chuckie, I can't tell you enough just what a f'ing  you really are...
It's true.  Now what?
How petty you are! We finally have a good President, leave him alone.
More dangerous than a moron for president?
Oh please!
What will you do about it?????
Since they spoke w/WH reps before printing, we can assume it's true.  Question would only be about quality of info leaked.
R U speaking to the leaker? - he’s the one threatening my security and you seem to be supporting his illegal actions
Ummmm sir he admitted he did it. Now what? Finally enough for impeachment?
The President has the authority to declassify information as he see's fit. You may not like it but no law was broken. Prosecute Hillary.
ask Hillary how these "non intentional" slips happen. I'm sure @HillaryClinton can help you understand. #Idiot #hypocrisy #fake
Tell that to Hillary Clinton who should be in prison for her multiple felony's.

THE MOST IRRESPONSIBLE OBNOXIOUS ASSHOLE THAT EVER LIVED IS @SenSchumer THE PRESIDENT HAS THE RIGHT TO DECLASSIFY INTEL U R IRRESPONSIBLE
Maybe he does, the US secrets not from other countries you dimwit, he put the sharing of intelligence with allies in jeopardy
LISTEN GENIUS THEY HAVE NO WAY OF KNOWING IF ITS OUR INTELLIGENCE OR NOT NOR DO YOU IN ADDITION DON'T ASSUME PRES DIDNT HAVE PERMISSION
Washington COMPOST is fake news trying to cover up real crimes of obama/susan rice ILLEGALLY spying on trump rand paul and other americans
We need an independent counsel!!
