arriba su coola
Now you can C who's children Dems protect, not yours.  If we didn't have so many illegals, fewer problems. 30M no coverage?  36M illegals?
REPEAL
English Please...
vote it in

WHY don't you do something for American's except take your taxpayer funded salary? you are a multi-millionaire with GREAT insurance
Chuck whats up with tweets in Spanish, mejor habla con todos en ingles
You lie you all care about your big pharma money you can care less about the people ... Term limits you need to go
Hey @SenSchumer you're in America- remember.....English!
Perhaps you should move to Mexico and represent your people in your home country
English U damn traitor. Assimilate.
Try Messaging in English! If the DACA dreamers are in school well they sure should be able to read and speak English!
More like, if they claim "this is the only country they've ever know" BS. Such liars all around. #NoAmnesty #DACA


Chucky in case you forgot, this is AMERICA & in AMERICA WE SPEAK ENGLISH! Stop pandering to the illegals, you asshat
#MAGA #AmericaFirst
Let the people vote...You know the ones who voted for President Trump>  Do you job...Let him do his!  I have a son with pre existing health
WHEN DID THIS SMUCK BECOME A WETBACK??
Why you keep lien and nobody said nothing .
Looks like you would be a perfect candidate to move South of the border. ADIOS Chuck Smuck
Vote YES on Graham-Cassidy...

Americans should speak English
Chucky you no speaka English?
anyone who is eligible for health benefits should speak and read Emglish.
English
SPEAK ENGLISH
Corporate clown
Liar
You and the other 99 senators should sequester yourselves to  define a comprehensive solution & present the bill to @POTUS. #GetItDoneSenate
That's just like you. How do you sleep at night? Chuck I really don't thick you believe in everything you say.
You are a panderer like no other . shameless and dispicable
not only do I disagree with most of your views but since I don't speak Spanish I don't even know what they are. My vote isn't important 2 u
What. A. Phony. You exploit many people and some actually buy it. Quite sad to watch. Don't be a doofus @SenSchumer .
Inglés por favor o está hablando con DACA o todos sus constituyentes extranjeros ilegales?
Fear. Fear. #FakeNews just like Obamacare would let you keep your plan and your doctor and save you$2500. You lie so much nobody believes u
I support the POTUS.  AND I VOTE!
You Talkin Shit again Chuckie Boy  FO


Chuck knows that the majority of illegals, have no insurance nor speak English.
Deport Chuck campaign
Sounds desperate Chuck
Spanish? Really? What about Arabic? Japanese? etc...  Or are you pandering to your "base"?????
(202) 224-3121
Tell your representatives to vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy “health care” bill.
#MidTermsMatter #GoVoteAmerica it matters!

Illegals can't vote!
1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111!
Las palabras son caca
Why only messages in spanish when you want to pander? What about when you aren't pumping a political agenda?
This is america. We speak english. Immigrants need to learn english if they want to live here.
Try to speak English dimness!
I know your speaking to your future base but be kind enough to your present one to give a translation to the unwashed masses!
It you dont know English get the hell out of your country
U are willing to sacrifice peoples lives children's lives jto say you kept Obama care alive all about legacy not actual care for patients
Conspiring with foreign entities Chuck? U should be posting in English. Or, aren't you selectively discriminating against other languages?
Huh? In America??
That's BS and a pack of lies by whoever wrote it. 30 million children will not be left out. More lies from the liberal left!!
You're such a goddamn lier how are 30 million children going to  be left out and get a better translator that's very poor Spanish
U always pull the scare tactic millions will die thousands will be left out it's all a lot of crap with Obama cares u have all of that liar
It should tell you something right here. Schumer sending out messages to Mexicans about an American issue? SCHUMER we speak English!!
BKA. BLA. BLA  In AMERICA our language is ENGLISH! Dont loose your Heritage, but this is America, still American values Understand Chucky!!
Ne, fek tion kaj fek vin
Chucky say it in English ,those that don't understand English should take lessons if they want to live in the USA.
Bullshit....anything is better than OBAMA CARE
Chuck Schumer is Not a truthful man and preys on uneducated Illigal's to believe him . This is an all new low for him , no pride .
Chuck... It's over... Let it go.
Again with the Spanish. Setup a different Twitter account for the foreign language.
What's UP CHUCK with the Español guess may be the immigrants should learn english,it would be nice don't ya think

30 million children!such scare tactics Chucky...#ShutUpChuck
Oh Dios mio, consigue un agarre!
Hey Chuckie... R U on ObamaCare?

So Chuck, you gave up on talking to Americans?
Figures... they gave up on @TheDemocrats in 2009.
Schumer are you speaking to your 11M  illegal voting base?
Por favor, renunciar. eres una vergüenza para nuestro país   Or in English :Please resign. you are a disgrace to our country
#BabyKillerSchumer prefers to offer #DACACARE and let #LegaAmericans pay for it! #DumpChuck!
Post in English! Those that speak Spanish & living here need to speak & read English not me! English  is the international language!
Trumpcare es para los migrants, de classe trabajadora, ricos, bienestar todo el mundo!

we can't afford healthcare premiums for those of us who pay? do you care?
their are 60 million people with out ins because of @BarackObama care right to day if you keep @BarackObama care there will be 150 million
Trying to get illegals in on this Chuck?
.

Oh no chuckels your in America press 1 first for English

@DNC kills innocent babies and wants your hands to have blood on your hands

.
*you're in America
Estas loco Chucky!
Así no se puede.
Sounds like you want to live in another country .  Get out of our country now...retire or resign before we come and get you!  Shame on U
You're a us sebator why the fuck are you tweeting in Spanish we speak English in America
English please!!
I'll even take ASL, American sign language.. Spanish is a choice...

This is an English speaking country! My Grandparents didn't have "push 2 for Polish"! They spoke english! No NYC Polish schools! Stop U'r BS
Aŭ..... vi scias..... ne?
Glad you're back on our team Senator.
El payaso.

Push the translation button dammit lol
LOL
Lies chuck you need to put American citizens first not illegals who will soon be stopped from stealing benefits from taxpayers
Fantastic
What?
Idiot
Scummy murderers, I mean Republicans.
