Don't feel sorry for Trump supporters. They are nasty people who are getting what they deserve.
Feel sorry for us why? We give our potus an A for everything he has done.
We rated him high before the election and we still do. If you think we have regrets you are listening to lies and misinformed.
I can't stop laughing! He has accomplished nothing. They are all going to jail.
Again you will lose! MAGA!
Honey, I didn't lose, the country has lost. The world is laughing at our incompetent leader. He lost an 'armada' last week. He is a joke.
Other world leaders know better than to test him, He knows how to be a leader. The dems do not.
You wish those were not the numbers of Republicans polled. We know.
Since taking office, President Trump has done more to drain the swamp and help working people than you guys did in 8! #statusquoscared.
Drain the swamp by filling the cabinet with millionaires and billionaires. Being incompetent isn't draining the swamp, it's awful
Give me a break - why do you think they are billionaires/milionaires - hard work, experienced and smart.  Better than wimps from Obama
Just like Trump he worked hard to be born rich. Cognitive dissonance hard at work here
Most of the folks wish they were as rich as him.  He leveraged his inherited wealth very well - nothing wrong with doing well
Nothing wrong with cheating suppliers out of what is due them either I guess. Please don't try to normalize this con man
Lil jealous of Trump winning are ya Upchuck?
Do you mean winning or whining? He just said he never knew being President was so hard. Rueter's interview
Name 1 Pres. who had 2 fight every politician & still have accomplishments.He's 4 the people & not 4 political elite!Hard workers love him!
How about President Obama? McConnell & his cronies met on inauguration night pledging to stop his every move
EVERY POLITICIAN void of party!Obama,a George Soros  surrogate,had the media in his back pocket.Accomplishments 0!He made USA  a joke!
God bless your heart
I'm a working family.  My business just BOOMED because of him!!! Business was BAD during Obama.  You lie, schmuck.  #MAGA
FAKE NEWS. FAKE NEWS.
Mr Schumer.. would you like to come Down Under and retire in the Thomas Embling Hospital? Bring your friends with you
so mis-leading and untrue, and you know it just trying to mislead the people in the hopes of picking up seats in 2018, wont happen
American's have been paying the price sense Obama ran our country into the ground. Pres Trump didn't create these problems U Dems have.
Chiclets is at it again. Just in thinking can't help being a clown.
Race baiter! How's Wall Street treating you? When's the last time you visited?
Schumer = obstructionist in chief 
Schumer fighting against America
He's such an ass
Vote out all the liberal Dumbocrats!!!
DEMOCRATS..rhymes with spoiled brats..their constant plea is me me me
Go home u PUTZ UR A FOOL. POTUS was elected by the people.  He WILL MAGA. Ur lies and b.s. represent exactly what u r...rubbish.
Dems not working for the people.  Pushing hate and intolerance.This ex-Dem tired of resistance and obstruction.
is it true you  failed your leadership course how many promises have you broken over the years
Crocodile tears..do they work on news?They don't with real people.
chuckie, you are one sick sick man. enjoying your benefits are you?
Chuckie the only broken Promise I know of is Hillary is not in Prison, and that is terrible
U must be proud 4 holding back America & protecting Ur leftist elitists..U R so self centered it's disgraceful!God Bless Trump!!!!!!!!
Since @POTUS has taken Office you and @SenateDems have done nothing but obstruct. You've not helped America
Have you been stealing Pelosi's meds again?
He's dumber than Reed


What have YOU done Chuckles......
Ya know chickie you dems did more damage in 8 years then all 43 pres befor him
And when obama was in he was focused like a laser on job creation..ROTFLMAO
Did you see the job numbers from last month and the GNP for the first quarter lowest in 3 years. But I guess that can't be true
Thats the way it is on sinking ship until the hole is plugged and water bailed out. Go back to politics 101 an learn that
He's doing his part what about the dems This is not revenge time u work 4 the people now get together and quit hating
Interesting he is still fixated on his electoral college win. How is that bringing people together? Loves his base hates others
wow listen to yourself let the hate go if he fails we ALL fail !!
NO BROKEN PROMISES LIAR! just delays from psycho obstructionists like YOU DEMONcrats!
Not True!  Lier! that's why your nose is so big
With obstructionists like you it's hard to get anything done. You care about your party not the people. Stop being an Obstructionist chuck!
Give my family back the inheritance tax the government stole. We are not rich. Grandfather worked hard then had to pay taxes again on death
hes doing what he was voted in to do. no problems, only the democrats. no one i know will ever vote for a dem again.
And it is you and your croinies fault by being such a holes.
Utoh...liar liar pants on fire
More lies from Schumer the Has Been.
You are trying to stop Trump from doing his job..you have failed American people..resign or work with Trump..

Total lie
Nope, that would be OBUMMER. 8 yrs & never once full filled ANY of his promises
Yoy are a liar and a socialist.
FALSE
Again U supported a Jew hating Obumba I suppose if somebody kicked Barrack in the ass would they break ur nose?
Democraps have been destroying the working middle class for decades and you spout this nonsense? @DNC
President Trump has created more jobs in 100 days than Obama ever did in 8 years,  Trump's  tax plan is 100% for the American families
But not a peep about @NYGovCuomo closing Indian Point and destroying over 1500 union jobs and northern Westchester's economy..Hypocrite
Bull shit chuck, such disrespect and lies, dems need to put energy into working with and not against, are you a 3 year old?
Bull shit chuck, such disrespect and lies, dems need to put energy into working with and not against, are you a 3vyear old?
Not one promise broken yet, but you make it hard for him. Why do you halt all progress?
Your a liar he has not broken and promises. The evil corrupt Democrats have always broken there promises
What fake / slanted news do u listen to?  ABC, NBC, MSNBC, CNN, cbs?
You're wrong Chucky Boy.
Nope!
Fake News
I know you're brilliant but plz get w/Tues group and compromise. We need a party willing to do what's right. We can't fix it alone.
It's getting really annoying to hear DEMS be so negative to @realDonaldTrump stop playing games and work together as a team.
You need to just collect your soros checks
Ridiculous assertion: more than 500,000 have jobs now. Obama and you demwits lost 2 million jobs during last 8 years!
Not true !! Keep lying. The Dems will do anything to make Trump fail.
Thanks to the obstructive Democrats..lol
Funny how 25% of what Obama said came true in 7 years. Last year was up to 47%.  Trump is the highest Rated president to tell the truth.
Chuck,you have never cared about American people. You only care about illegal immigrants.  Hypocrite aren't you?  NYS.HIGHEST TAXES IN USA
wow.  I see the usual gang Russian patriot, fake Christians Trumpchump  supporters are trolling Schumer
You have no clue.  You are in a state that drives people out of it with all your liberal taxes.
I'd rather have a broken promise from President Trump then a fulfill promise from you
And that goes for everything else you say on Twitter Senator Schumer
they're all miss guided trues somebody asks a Democrat question they get an answer on a different subject definition of the Democratic Party
All crooked all deceiving that's why all former Democrats are now Republican myself included the party of the lost
Chuck Schumer leader of the lost the emperors new clothes
President Trump could break all the promises he wants we like him
Don't start crying again Chuck you break my heart with those tears
Yea Schumer they now are getting jobs to take care of there family's. The democrats just want to screw the people of America. You are a ass!
You are DELUSIONAL, Senator. Seriously. It's time for a check-up, sir. --- Love you, Mr. President! First 100 were beautiful! #MAGA
they spend like there is no tomorrow.  They dont care about you or the debt.  All they care about is power.
they have to give free things to win a voter.  They are NOT concerned about america.  They are very crooked.
would the dems try with the republicans to fix things.  Hell no. They double downed on debt.
you are obstructing and demising your party.  People see that.  Whatever trump tries to do you have onjections.
If Congress won't act to rid us of the Trump plague, what other legal option can get him out of office b4 he kills us all w his stupidity?
Hey ... u must be talking about obama and clintion and the democrats!!  They lie to us!!
Schemer if you would work with our Pres on healthcare we wouldn't have to wait for ACA to fail! Everyone is disappointed in you!
Your a liar Chuckles!
@SenSchumer, STOP LYING!
get moving... to help us Sir
FYI - he won!!!
F for doing something meaningful in supporting us that voted for Trump ... you get a F ---
I see you accomplishment exercising you mouth - you get A for criticism
what have you done to extend supporting our President ?   No bi-partisanship - NADA
You are out of touch with reality!   If you missed the list / I suggest you watch Hanity
Your message has a hollow ring Senator. Join America and put politics aside for a while.
Love you, Mr. President! First 100 have been beautiful! #MAGA
Bull shit stop lying
We have been paying The Price with your inability to serve the citizens
Chuck is very cynical
What exactly have you done?  Still waiting!
Fight on. We need to replace that imbecile.
The only thing consistent abt U other than yr hypocracy is yr/Dems total disregard for middle class people.U left the Mainstream long ago.
Really you should know about broken promises you are the king of party of broken promises 4 decades the dog dem racist bigot party has lied
Celebrating 100 days of @HillaryClinton not being president!! @FoxNews @TheDemocrats
Resign Meatball
If you believe they are broken promises it's because you and the Dems are ruining us moving forward because you are not  supporting thE Prez
LIARLIARLIARLIAR.  You are so corrupt. You're right; President Trump didn't drain the swamp completely yet: YOU'RE STILL IN OFFICE.
TRUMP'S BEING HELD UP BY YOU=THE WORKING AMERICAS ARE PAYING THE PRICE! YOU SAID IT? [YOU DID IT]?????
I vote in NY.  Schumer equals FAKE news.
Only promises broken have been by you. Weren't you elected to work for American people? You're working for own party/agenda You're a phony!!
Riverdale Hebrew Home is calling Upchuck
You are a certifiable Domestic Enemy of the Constitution. Yahweh will punish you and your kind.
Cuck Schumer, what have you done your 1st #100days you are a #failure for #americanpeople talk,talk,talk,trump,trump,trump talk talk GTFW
American people know the truth, plus a 100 days is to short to get everything done. WE WILL WAIT to make America great again!!
To hear your voice makes me vomit a little in my mouth. You are lost, clueless, and insignificant! 
Senator Schumer Your part of the swamp Stop being  a Smuck you have done noting but lie Trump has done an Excellent job can't say same 4 u
What are you smoking chuckie. @realDonaldTrump has done more in 100 days than Obama did in 8 yrs. Build the wall, Stop the flow of illegals
You have completely disregarded your pledge to uphold the Constitution and stand by America.
Corrupt,liar and Washington politician @TomPerez @MiceeMouse @GOP @FoxNews @CNN @aplusk @katyperry @tedcruz @BostonGlobe @chicagotribune
How about your broken promises? Have you even done anything since you have been in office.
Sue that traitor out of office, please !
You took office 15,330 days ago (1975) it will take Trump more than 100 days to rebuild the country you've left in ruins
Blah blah blah
You do not represent America only the liberal Democrats
4 the first time in 8 yrs I feel my life is better and getting better every day! Y'all drove the country in the ditch! Thank God she lost!
@realDonaldTrump I have to say your F rating @POTUS first 100 days equals the most FANTASTIC President we have had in a very very long time!
Stonewall Schumer
Stop telling lies, Chuck. You are an obstructionist. You care about yourself not the people.
He has done all he can working with swamp creatures like you! 
#DrainTheSwamp
U are delusional he has done more then any president all u know how to do is obstruct
People are willing to buy bricks to support Pres Trump you only wish  you were so respected and not thought as such an a!!
bricks to throw at him, maybe
Who are you to talk @SenSchumer? The poor and middle class have had it hard w/o support for 10 years!
Western New York calls him do nothing Schumer!
Democrats abandoned Americans. Why u think u lost? Clueless.
Schumer is his own Forrest Bump, which explains his stupidity.  
And YOU get a BIG FAT F for NOT Doing Your Job.!!!! Your Fired.!!!!
First hundred days A+A+A+A+. Most effective and successful President in history. Trump is running circles around Dems Keep up the great work
It's the obstructionist Chucky clown the Babbling butthead
No we are paying a price because YOU are not willing to work on anything for the American people
U ARE A.LIAR AND A SCHEMER.  U PEOPLE WILL LOSE AGAIN.
Explain yourself and stop lying!! How??
