Trump only one to trust to get things done, can't trust Congress! SHAME!
blah blah blah blah. Good grief. U gripe about everything
Obamacare is crap! Name only! One event would bankrupt a person!
No, Democrats created the failing Obamacare and Americans know it. Do nothing & let it fail. Time to start over.

Watch trump, He may undermine the ACA. as Payback for losing it!! Watch him, and his possie as well.
the only Americans he is making better right now is the top 1%. Waiting to see how he improves the lives of 99%
@realDonaldTrump has much chance improving any % as @SenSchumer does.0. Gov can only improve voluntary transactions
Beg 2 differ if gov can't take care of it's ppl, it does not deserve to govern.
If by taking care of ppl, u mean forcing ppl to act according to ruling class wishes,guess we'll have2agree2disagree
U play UR childish games while Americans strugle. Clink UR glasses, toast UR "win". THE PEOPLE lose everyday U buck the mandate we sent 2 DC
He would make things better if you would stop blocking everything he tries to do. Work with him instead of against
Senator, ACA is already failing. U passed a law w/o reading it. Now u r celebrating the failure of POTUS?
. I think if you guys would put that much energy into debt instead of Obama care then we might be okay.
@NancyPelosi. Schumer & Pelosi now own obamacare 100% when it fails an it will they hold all the blame
..this will back fire on Dems..they will lose seats in 2018/2020..
The Dems failed at healthcare too so neither party has their crap together. Stop finger pointing & work 2gether
A  piece of crap as bad as Obamacare cant be "undermined." It will implode under its own weight & must be repealed
He's a petty spiteful man that's why!
Obama is no longer in office, Schumer! Get this: you lost!
With Schumer's problems with pedophilia, you think the avg American listens/even thinks he is a decent person?
and what solution do the Dems have?! Please, give us some ideas & stop whining!
ACA is now Ryan-Trump Care since Trump lifted mandate for ACA coverage. They broke they bought it.
People know Schumer , Pelosi, and Pocahontas need to go. BAD FOR THE COUNTRY.
wrong
@SenSchumer, are you delusional. Obamacare is a disaster, certainly for my family. You are a #LIAR.
Obama care is a failure all on its own
Undermine? It will crumble all on it's own. Dem's are satisfied with it so lets see what happens.
Obamacare needs to be replaced with a policy everyone can read and understand, do something before it fails!!
Democrats pushed ObamaCare in spite of melt down of constituent phone lines saying "NO".
This catastrophe is yours
trump no care is showing his colors
You eat it Chuckie
@POTUS @seanhannity Chuck We The American People Know You Own Obamacare. Enjoy it, why don't you sign up for it? And your Staffers.
repeal exemptions of anti trust on insurance companies. That's real change
Has any central planner ever said "Oops! My bad." No. Failure is always someone else's fault. Well thought out plan
@CNN @washingtonpost  TRUMP IS A HUGEEEEE! EXAGGERATOR. HE IS SAYING THAT HE WILL INTENTIONALLY HURT U S CITIZEN.
yes, He is right if he do nothing  to support Americans health care, but complain.
Trump think he is a King sitting on a golden throne. He is a public servant.
to make this country, our country his country health care program is a sorrowful disgraced.
Trump needs to take his personal hate stuff it in his hip pocket & get to work for the people.
We have a Health Program that's all that is important for our citizens of this country.
SENATOR Schumer is another GREAT man for New York!
I think precedence has been set.  You blame previous president for everything for about 6 years.
He is pissed off because he can't give his rich friends the money he promised them. NO TAX RETURNS NO TAX REFORM!
Trump will make it explode. This jerk needs to be impeached NOW!
Why does chuckie look and act like a snake oil merchant?  Answer:  he is.
Don't u think he will sabotage it, he is so jealous of President Obama. He will not let it go.

well...it's a stretch to say he's in charge of anything. However, he does own health care now.
Remember your words, You Dem are looking like jerks with the Health Bill sinking. People cannot afford it now,
All this clown does is complain, they need to work on the HC bill that they passed that sucks
Our healthcare still has Obama's name on it. The Dems never tried to fix it. They own it.
@KatCapps @SenSchumer Dems should be better than GOP by offering constructive alternative like Medicare for all.
you along with every democrat will never support president Trump on anything. Shame on you.
start selling democratic plan to fix Obama care
need to come up with your own plan to fix healthcare. Don't make the same mistake as Republicans. Be ready!
THANKS TO U MY FAMILY STILL HAS NO HEALTHCARE. PICTURE 150000 PER STATE QUITTING WORK TO LIVE OFF GOV'T. MyNEW PLAN
Obamacare is your legacy. It is failing in its own & has failed since you made it the law of the land.
The American people know the Dems made Obamacare 7 years ago, before Trump was even in the picture.#SchumerTheClown
You now own Obamacare!!! Opposition and resistance is unacceptable!!! Do your job??? GOVERN
chucky did a nice job on Israel and will be voted out. He is the dumbest minority leader that left has ever had.
Why are you so angry? Whenever I see and hear you speak it's always with angry overtones. Why?
You are a farce and an embarrassing so called Senator. You have done ZERO to help. No spirit of cooperation.
Well Chucky boy Obamacare will go away no matter what you howl about, now lets see some fake tears again
THE ONLY ONE ANGRY IS SCHUMER! HES A BITTER ANGRY OLD MAN!
Not a competition between parties. It's compromise, working together so American people who need healthcare win. Thank you Senator Schumer!
Schumer the BIGGEST hypocrite of all.  Obamacare is a Democrat program.  Blame Obama!
schumer is useless crybaby
he won't undermine it U will. it will crush u if u do not become bipartisan AND OVERHAUL IT
Party of Blame. It's getting old Chuckie
he's been non-stop petulant since nov 8 he's not changing his childish behavior ever. #tRUMPmustGo #lockhimup
DEMS should look at this as an oppty to make OBAMACARE better.
Bernie is pushing Single Payer.  It's time!
He's either in charge & totally screwed up. Or isn't & has no idea what he's doing & no zeal to take time to learn.
ABC Schumer spreading their lies is nothing new. What disgraceful people.
I believe it will.  The one I worry about is the Health Secretary who will deliberately try to undermine ACA.
Headline is a lie! Trump never said he would undermine. Obamacare collapses on its own. It was a lie from inception
It was created to collapse to set up a one payer system. That's undermining the people of the US!
Exactly, it was designed 2 fail, then single payer under Hillary.  Except, she didn't win
Democrats own the failing o-care
How can it backfire. O-care poorly written and executed.
The Republicans didn't vote for it, not a single one
Right on Senator! Amazing the Pres does not see that.   He really is like a 10 year old spoiled brat.  Lucky us!!
we need you to stay on it.... new EPA agenda... follow the money !! Who really stands to benefit?@GStephanopoulos
Here's a novel idea, fix ACA.  @GOP  won't because it will admit defeat.  @GOP had 6 years to create a better law
Better than #ACA is no #ACA. Prob pre-ACA was too much central planning. #Obamacare made it worse.
remember your own words, Chucky, "He's in charge." Not you. Not Obama. Not Pelosi. Not Ryan. Not Soros!
The buck stops w/#Trump! If #ACA "explodes" or is further sabotaged the blood will be on @realDonaldTrump hands!
Obamacare will implode in a few months and its the Democrats baby
<---spinning!  This your baby now! ACA is junk! Explain the deductibles and coinsurance to the ppl who get screwed.
doesn't Trump have to faithfully execute and administer our laws? Feels like he took an oath to do so.
Obamacare didn't make my like better Because of it we barely can get by
then get another job and quit blaming everyone else for your problems. #dumptheassholeinchief
I make plenty of money but I pay out my ass in taxes around 38% and my insurance tripled Smartass
maybe you should help the president make it better your own words instead of just opposing everything he says
how can such a #hypocrite stay this long in the government. Politics is  definitely not for honest people.

Not a threat.  It doesn't work and the DEMS knew it from day one!  Needs to be replaced @Potus @FOXNews
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan Americans depend on cat fighting men to run this country.America is the common cause.
Exactly. Be smart. No need to replace...just fix it. Duh
45/his bodies are in change now, if they can't get the job done they should step down & let competent peoples do it
Dems can improve the ACA with GOP, if GOP will work with them & not against.
No, the Dems need to work with the GOP and stop the never ending obstruction.
seriously. If you can't see that Schumer is an evil man, you are completely lost. Look.
every day, 10 times a day, he's on TV being subversive and exclusively political. Stop it.
stop listening to it, and stop believing it. This shit is pure craziness. What's new is
the willing audience to total tabloid bull shit on the highest stage. Trump is a little
crass, a little off putting, and not am intellectual. The hate and smear is uncalled for
Right on
He better destroy it Or we will vote in the next person that promises to destroy it
what a great thing to want, destruction of health care for millions of Americans.
soon nobody will have it accept the one that get it for free and tax payers will be paying for their
that's not true
It's on one of y'all ew channels
no.
It's sabotage. Wounded loser Trump must be held responsible for sabotaging the ACA and killing the sick.
Under egg & chicken theory, ure party is responsible !
doesn't have to undermine it. Providers bailing premiums and deductibles so high it's like not having insurance
exactly
His core support will never change. Truly racist, sexist, and bigoted. Blame Obama and Hillary for everything.
after 8 years obama owns it
Thank you
you and #fakenews @ABC are so desperately trying to make @POTUS own this but, #obamacare is dems ugly baby!
Unless you stop his HHS appointee... Trump may ultimately win taking decency and human rights away!
more herding of the sheep to follow the lies to their own death n demise   Chuck. Americas enemy #1
yeah let's talk about obamacare exploding some more. Cause that's no Bullshit...
chuckles the clown is a moronic obstructionist
I don't see Schumer doing anything worthwhile for this country, he's pathetic and even he knows it.
I don't see Trump doing anything for the country. Oh wai- he tried to throw 24M off insurance and failed
Obamacare will implode within months and the dems know it. Insurers are scrambling for the exits.
they will eventually blame @potus and @GOP  for it's demise
indeed, but the Obama/Clinton loyalists in the GOP are the ones to blame @
trump is responsible for all now
