Y arent the #Dems coming up with a #Singlepayer plan & present it 2 the #AmericanPeople & see which #Healthcare plan They like Better? SP!
You may want t to research single payer. It's more expensive than anything else
I like 2 know where do U get all R #BS information?
Single payer system too expensinve. Congressional budget office report
I just proved U Wrong,U didnt read A Article I sent U! U R WRONG!! Whoever told  U that is telling U #BS!
And now that you've been proven wrong, goodnite
What's behind the #healthcare rate hikes and 7 other things @realDonaldTrump won't tell you about the #ACA
More lib lies? Trump doesn't have a healthcare bill yet it's all Obamacare
A crime. It is UNCONSTITUTIONAL. You and other democrats signed off on it. We the ppl have had enough of you wasting our money and time.
GO GET 'EM! Don't let those GOP bastards write a secret bill that the American people know nothing about!!
You mean like um......THE UNAFFORDABLE CARE ACT? ya know passed illegally in the dead of night by reconciliation, not an actual vote?  Lolo
Please be a voice for the Citizens and support Universal/single payer as the ONLY option. The AHCA is criminal.
It is NOT criminal. Obamacare was criminal. Passed illegally in secret and provides no coverage at all.
Senator it's time for u and the others in the Senate to stop all this obstruction. DO OCT 16 2000, the president cannot be charged with
The Double-crossing Dems want to have a say in health care bill but they already had their shot with OCare and failed big time!
They were blocked and hobbled by the GOP over and over.
Um NOPE they weren't. Remember Pelosi saying that NO GOP wanted to help? Not hobbled not stopped not even slowed down
I hope you wipe that smug look right off McConnell's face. Seriously, destroy this thing.
Response from Mitch: sorry we don't have time to sit down with you on healthcare. We are busy having Senate hearings on TrumpRussia.
Have a little patience, or write your own repeal and replacement to bring to the floor.
Everything you say and do is a lie!


Request denied. When you start acting like an adult instead of a circus performer, perhaps you may be included.
Dems are on record stating they have no interest in fixing Obamacare. Good luck trying to tell voters it’s Republicans refusing to talk.
They said "repealing" not "fixing" Dems =fixing. Repubes = repealing.
Stop watching MSNBC CNN or reading NYT WaPo now you and your two followers go think that over. PS O-care is is collapsing on its own.
More delays? Not enough freebies for the illegals?
Nope, too many freebies for the ultra-rich and not enough coverage for regular folks.
Thank you for doing this, please do everything possible to stop this secret abortion of a bill from passing.
Lmao. Democrats don't have enough power to stop it. It's a done deal. Get used to losing
7 years later thanks to @potus u finally got the idea there's a problem. Stop the hate
PASS THIS BILL CHUCK AND DO YOUR JOB STOP WITH THE LIES TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. PEOPLE READ THE BILL DON'T LISTEN TO THE DEMS. OBAMACARE OUT
Answer is still NO
Read @realDonaldTrump @marcorubio @washingtonpost
Thank you for doing your job. Lolol
#votethemout #draintheswamp
This group of 13 white men setting insurance policy for all Americans in secret must be death panel the GOP predicted years ago #TrumpCare
Keep at it Chuck. It's only literally our lives at stake. #readthebill #ACHA
You will know whats in it when its passed!
Thats like saying "you"ll find out what you are eating AFTER you eat it" not happening!!!
"First go to closing, THEN I'll show you a house." Nope, not working.
Schumer could care less about making anything in America great again. This is a politician posturing for votes. Period!

Talk about being bought&paid for! Then you claim your working for the poot but your paid off by Muslim brotherhood to push islam in USA!
Business as usual with New York values is screw America while stealing as much money from hard working people you consider beneath you
Schumer&all lying liberal Dems passed Ocare on your own without showing anything to the GOP and now your crying about seeing the GOP HC plan
A holes like you're self are exemp from OC smuck chuck
Aside from everything else, #AHCA will prolly be the worst-crafted bill you ever saw. 
So hit 'em on their incompetence too, if you want.
Thank you Sincerely thank you 
I am with you
Please STOP playing both sides of the fence #ChuckSchumer - Share letter w your peers, instead of #Democrats grandstanding on #Twitter sir.
Please do the right thing- I just discovered my cancer has recurred. My life depends on what YOU believe is important. Are we worth saving?
Thank you for all that you do , your a great Senator.
Blah blah blah
Bah bah Bah find out for me at least 100 people who have died with no health care per Sanders he said Millions I'm waiting give me 100 names
I just renewed my request for you to be voted out in 2018 GOODBYE chuckie Your days r numbered U & the rest is the racist bigot dem party
Is that what you did with Obama care?
Propose an alternative. Show planning/initiative. You're great at tearing down, but Dems offer no alternatives other than what has failed.
Any chance you guys can talk about term limits while you are all together?
Remember when you developed and passed Obamacare without Republicans?  Hypocrits!!!
you get top notch insurance for yourself and your family, you don't care about us who have to pay top dollar for below basic coverage.
Why does Jared still have clearance??  He lied!
Obstructionist. A divider. So very sad.
Blow it out ur a$$ schumer. U can review the bill after it passes. Esad
GOP are hypocrites
Stay on it Sen Schumer!
Why don't you try doing what you were elected to do instead of all the road blocks and lies. @TheDemocrats have become so disgraceful.
You're in the MINORITY!  Elections have consequences and Dems lost.  Greatest thing to save the nation.
Thank you for looking out for the rest of us.
@JerryMoran @SenPatRoberts Will you support this?
I hope the President lets your crappy HC that you guys passed fail. Ya took from people who paid their own way and gave it to others free.
This meeting should be closed door, so all kinks can be worked out before made public.
I recall a midnight meeting without republicans so you could pass ACA to find out what it was. Now you're concerned?

Why? What constructive statements have you made, that would create some confidence, so Republicans might think it worthy?
Waste of taxpayers money
Get off the partisan train.... both sides are hurting the country. You are smarter than this
Seems so reasonable. How could it ever work?
Thank you for your efforts. I wish you were in FL.
I wish he was on the moon @mfay1957
You calling anything a joke Sen Schummer is a joke. Sen  Schummer is fast over taking Harry Reid as worst Sen ever. Go cry some fake tears
Why didn't you have one on Obama Care.
Obamacare took over a year, not weeks.
And no one read it.
Mr Schumer. Great idea. Start bi lateral discussions and cooperation with Republicans to get affordable health care for all US citizens.
Chuck you are useless
Great Going!! This will take back the Senate!
"We have to pass it so you can find out what's in it."
--Nancy Pelosi on Obamacare
Why u passed. U have have to pass it to see it.  Really.
How can you say our healthcare system affects every American? Why dont you and the rest of you crooked conrads have it? Because is crap
...keep doing what you are doing, and it won't.  Simple as that.  Act like lawmakers for a f*cking change!
....running off and crying to the media and twitter while details are worked out.  Shut up and work, and I bet the process will work.....
Lol - let us know how your request goes. #noclout
About f*cking time...of course any SERIOUS attempt at this will require you to actually do some work until the job is finished without.....
Don't let this go. TrumpCare cannot pass. Appreciate your efforts!
Oh it's going jackass's 
Keep fighting for us.  Don't let them take away health care from millions
Since all you do is obstruct, lie and spread a negative narrative, good people in the Senate don't need you. RAD- Rise Against Democrats
If @SenSchumer is concerned why not offer a solution to #ACA? He has none. He is either part of problem or part of the solution. RESOLUTION
Thank you!
You have serious issues and can't do anything right.
Hey, Mitchy! ICYMI @SenateMajLdr
Senator Schumer let Trump get rid of Obamacare. Now about the selfish gluttons of medical insurance co & pharmaceuticals robbing US....
wow look at you calling for working together when all you have done since day one is obstruct, resist and badmouth everything & everyone
Do what's right for America.  Obamacare failed - people CANNOT AFFORD IT!!!
Are you going to get together & play poker w the $21M+ you've taken from Wall Street, then tweet, "Rein in #WallStreet", again? That was fun
PLEASE WATCH: GOP #TrumpCarel will kill Mary-Beth watch video from @LeonardLanceNJ7 town hall has 5.7million views
The cost of her medications are the problem.  Put a cap on those, and the kickbacks politicians get for allowing excessive costs for care.
yes but her meds are made from human cells I believe, very rare, $9,700 a WEEK.  She will reach the lifetime cap in high risk pool
So releasing it at the 11th hour and jamming it through Congress isn't good for you this time around, Chuck? #FuckChuck
Keep fighting!
Drown this horrid thing in amendments
Keep it up Senator Schumer. #CountryOverParty

Mitch McConnell is over-the-top..!!!
Lucy (aka Mitch) you got some explainin to do!
Go Chuck!!!!
Don't you have to pass the bill before you know what's in it ?????
What does this even mean? Where did you get this idea? No, they are supposed to read it, THEN vote. You buying a house you've never seen?
Happy Father's Day????
If only you stopped being obstructionists...
Hold the meeting w/o the GOP if they refuse to show,  take testimony from constituents from R states.
Maybe they'll just have to pass it for you to find out whats in it, meanwhile the law you supported still ravages the land #Obamacare
GOP are acting like a bunch of Bolsheviks. Secret meetings, no hearings, intending to ram their bill down our throats. Totally undemocratic
How about fewer requests and more demands? Probably get the same non-compliance from the GOP but at least it would feel less pathetic.
Reminder: Gov't insurance is worthless if every insurer, hospital, and state is bankrupt.
What, no condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier's family from Democrats? That speaks volumes.

I'm not a fan of playing into the 'blue'/'red' scam employed by the ruling class, but that's amusing.
Mr ShitMuffin and his dirty bag of 12 better show up and share.
Thank you for your vigilance!
The bill will have to pass before you see what's in it.  Ask Nancy P.
Thank you for doing everything possible to publicize this bill.  This is a perversion of our democratic process.
Repeal and replace. Nuff said.

@SenSchumer is calling on @FBI Mueller to investigate Obama going from country to country picking up the cash  they laundered for him
