Pendejo...TODO PENDEJO
Schumer and Trump - Latest Bromance? #DumpTrump #Resist
All they have to do is apply for citizenship. BTW, why haven't they done that already? They had plenty of time!
Have you read his rants of the last 24 hours?  This is who you are trying to make deals with.  Act, Senator!  He must removed  from office.
You should be thankful that POTUS has given you a chance to be a good Senator & write a DACA bill to pass into law.  Balls in your court!
Senator write your bill! Are you afraid to get your hands dirty with unpopular DACA.  No Wall ! no DACA! It's Pointless without the WALL


Why don't you present a DACA bill in congress ? Isn't that the legal and legislative process not executive orders? Congress do your Job
@CAproTem @POTUS @JerryBrownGov #CalEXIT
Keep ur Fires Drought Mudslides Quakes Debt Crime Welfare & #ILLEGALAliens
Amy DACA law must have the Wall and string boarders
The eye's have it.
Immigration needs complete reform. Be comprehensive not piece meal!
Dems & Obama failure to enforce the law has resulted in DACA. Had you enforced the law to begin with, we wouldn't have this problem.
https://youtu.be/a8z2L42qedM . You both are on video. I love technology. Guess what. know matter what it is downloaded.

Take a full house to beat a pair like that.
My idea that each Dreamer commit to 2-3 years service either military, public service or Infrastructure work in exchange for a Green Card.
Delusional claims were prevalent in Rome.  It's hard to follow a leader that doesn't follow the constitution. It's 2017.  God rules not you.
Hey Mr Clueless Schumer, what would u like to say to those people who followed our rules/laws, who waited their turn, paid their $, etc, etc

Lets worry about problems Americans have then worry about illegals.  So sick of putting them ahead of us
Mr Trump for 2020
I don't think you will like the outcome if that happens Chuckie



Chuckie I am not a POS REP or POS DEM I'm American.If anybody is PRO DACA or allowing Any Illegal criminals to stay in USA They Traitors
Concur with what you said over "hot mic".  Any president should work with both sides of aisle.
you 2 lied about a deal there was no damn deal
DACA will cost approx $115 billion thanks to OvomitCare covering their healthcare?!! NO DACA! NO 2 MY tax $ supporting DACA! RESIGN
Is anyone tired of seeing crying Schumer's forehead yet,or his jukebox monkey, pelosi?
Same lies u told in 86 Chuckie, u didn't even bother to change the wording...Your word isn't worth shid Chuckie, but u know that.
Hey lying Chuck,still waiting4that 'strict workplace&border security' u promised Reagan in 1986&worked feverishly2make sure never happened
Anyone stupid enough2believe this nonsense probably believed Hillary was a lock in 2016.We tried rewards in 86,&ball we got was 30mill more
No path2citizenship4any who did not follow our legal path to entry. Spitting on those who have respected our nation's laws is wrong.
In86Schumer&Durbin gave their word2RReagan that if he signed the amnesty they'd make sure strict w/p&border security followed. Same lies2day
Look at these two clowns, cuckoo's nest people
#TermLimits
Don't make a deal with Trump that includes a border wall. He is a liar and a cheat.
End abortion to save dreamers. Either you have compassion or you don't
No way without a wall... time to stand our ground... protect American 
NO PATH TO CITIZENSHIP, chucky.
Jeez. You really think that's gonna happen? The people will revolt and people will end up hurt or dead. Quit pushing
No Citizenship deal, and ni DACA until wall is funded and construction is on its way
Israel has a wall. Walls work.
chuck is openly lying to the public:)
trump was elected on deporting illegals

"The deportation lobby" ? What about the illegal immigration lobby?
and @wsj  has good standards???? DEMS CARE ABOUT POWER NOT US CITIZENS.
Chuck, you have to get Steve Doocy to say it from Trump to buy in.
No amnesty....
Will you stand with us, join the Democratic Party to fight for #Medicare4All ?
No path no way!
A deal on DACA is a stab in the eye for the 7.1 million Americans currently unemployed.  @realDonaldTrump
You will get DACA As soon as you approve funding for the wall and not a minute sooner! 
Hey Chuck your approval ratings are lower then the president! 
2 real nut jobs can't trust them at all they learned from Hillary how to lie and believe the very lie they tell. Sick both of them
WTF is this creepy photo all about quit complaining and move something along to talk about and do your job and stop with creepy twitter
When you all are ready to build the wall, then maybe he'll look at DACA again
No way!!!!!
Better not Trump your going to screw with the very ppl that elected you. Deport their  A$$. Another way to get dem's vote so don't do it
build the wall
Since when does @WSJ  run this country?
No wall no DACA
@WSJ @realDonaldTrump yes cut the DACA deal right after you get in writing #WALLBUILT and #TAX #watch out for sneaky @SenSchumer
Go away schumer.  screw the DACA
End DACA
Schumer take care of us in NY. Not illegals
Perhaps, but only after concrete,tangible,irrevocable,measurable,verifiable border security enhancement and control.No repeat of 1986!
#DacaDreamers #Congresactnow #prolife #DACA #DACA #weareAmericasfuture
Here's the deal Chuckie, Kill Obamacare for DACA. Now how important are those illegals to you?
Why does every photo of Chuck Schumer look like one of those caricatures from horror movies? Oh, that's right... he's evil.
Evil Chucky at it again. And what's with the glazed look on the walking dead next to you?
Not on your life...you con artist. You are the snake in the grass.
Senator.It's slap on the face on legal imigrents who waited years.& why R u mixing legal immigrant with illegal alians? DoU respect US laws
U took oath of office2 defend theConsitution &2enforce laws of the land. Instead of focusing on illigals, make our kids dream2come true 1st.
Senator,we R paying ur salary2work4us not2serve illegals on our dime!!The dying & forgotten middle class citizen in need of all help.Resign
If u create legal path 2illegals, it will expedite Social security depletion& bankruptcy.Charity1st starts at home.Focus 1st on US Citizens.
Senator, Should Dreamers blame the US or their parents who put them in this situation. We R paying u2 serve us. Work on our kids dreams 1st.
Tax payers bailed out Banks. Why not moratorium on collecting student loans4 10 yrs &banks obsorbs10% of loans4 10 yrs. Start fresh later
If U,Dem&GOP care about middle class& income inequality, tax on idividuals NOT Corp. Sould b20%<250k,25%<500k,35%<5mill,65% after. 4 10yrs.
Congressmen & Senators need2 focus on our kids dream 1st &2make them come true. R we country of laws or country has laws? Charity at home1st
Remember, never trust a Trump. All are pathological liars sociopaths.
And the Clintons & Obamas aren't??? Best joke ever. They are both so corrupt-lying is just part of their criminal arsenal. 
Think of all the lives that will be saved when people stop crossing the dangerous desert after the wall is built.
Oh god.   Bet president Trump now feels threatened.   Your supposed to tear up, chuck     Not intimidate bully
Wall.  Immigration policy and enforcement.  No citizenship, but maybe legal resident.
No DACA until border has been secured. Attach Kate's law to daca bill. Time 4 Republican leadership to grow some balls!
First it was DACA. Now you want amnesty. You just want to have it all. So if this fails it's your fault. Those are great Halloween faces!
And build the wall
Where have you been for the last decade. You have done zero to address this issue. Now you just throw stones playing to your base.
NO NO NO NO NO MAKE THEM GO GO GO
Keep calm and wear a pink hat.
Are you trying to get some voters?
Sad sad picture.

U & Pelosi...prime examples of needing term limits...plus both of u r corrupt!
Trump does not create legislation. You do chucky!! So stop sniping and do something worth while.
You and your Dummocratic party are a joke.
“If you dance with the devil, then you haven’t got a clue, for you think you’ll change the devil, but the devil changes you.”
Dems will sell out America for votes and cheap labor, guess you feel politicians will always be on top. Sovereignty of the nation compomised
Not unless we build the wall!
Americans should come first. Build the wall!!!! Pass Kate's law and other immigration reform bills. Stop stalling!!!!
Shut up.
News outlets should be quoting elected official not the other way around. Anyone who opposes a border wall is not serious about border sec.!
No thank you!
A 10 year path to citizenship is what we're looking at.
No path. Let them get in line with those trying to do it legally. Allow one and they will continue to come over the border illegally.
You do realize that you are the Senator for New York,  not illegals right. I keep thinking you FORGET that
Not until we get the wall and a tax cut!
When you agree to his agenda!!

Of course.  Dems need more voters. It's evident in all the lost elections.
NO path to citizenship and NO voting rights to #DacaIllegals
Stop calling these DACA's kids. A lot of these people came as teenagers. They remember their language. Quit the BULLSHIT.
The WSJ can suck my balls too
Now you're dreaming
#DefendDREAMers
Guess we will quickly learn if you understand compromise. But preconditions will get you nowhere. Be smart. Oops, you can't.
Get cracking on penning that legislation, Chuckles. Your job. Do it.
Path is like everyone else, get in line and wait your turn.
Democrats are snakes not to be trusted.
you belong to the party of slave owners,democrats need to come down like Robert E Lee statues
Exactly, how many people would that be Senator?
Schumer,... you and Pelosi couldn't find you a** if you had both hands on it. Term Limits poster Kids,... Tick Tock, Tick Tock
No way!
Dream Act needs to pass now! Enough is enough.
Build the wall
Everyone needs to be reminded that the only 'permanent' solution ends in citizenship. Unless you want to deport dreamers when they are 65...
Nope! Build the wall, then we talk. Have to stop ILLEGAL immigration first or they will keep coming. Not fair to our LEGAL immigrants @POTUS
hope it works out, but everyone who "deals" w DT always regrets it
This cycle of amnesty for illegals must end-We must send a msg that entering this country illegally will not result in a path to citizenship
WRONG AGAIN SCHUMER THE MAJORITY OF AMERICANS DO NOT WANT ANY DEAL CUT FOR DACA, YOU DO  CAUSE IT MEANS DEMS GET MORE VOTES TO KILL USA
They are illegal parents too...ship them all out
You remind me of a used car salesman.
Go Team Chancy!
First fund the wall
Every piece of immigration legislation going back to '65 is a fucking fraud. The purported effects are always wildly off the mark. NO DEALS
Israel, India and the US need walls. @realDonaldTrump
Cutting this deal means u no longer r for the American people. U will be labeled a rasist to the American people. Your time is almost up.
POTUS tried to deal with Chuck and Muck and hope he learned his lesson . They are double dealing crooks.
No amnesty Chuck. Get in back of line and come to America the right way as I did
Two clowns; shumer, pelisi..  couple of left wing dodo birds.
Hopefully you will vote for TAX REFORM...Will PELOSI let you? Hope so/Party first or VOTER? Just like POTUS you have a job to do so do it!!!
More tax breaks for the rich? Riiiight.
Tag him I thought he liked you
Senator, politics is give and take what are you offering the pres will build that wall
Doubt he will keep his end of the deal?? He wants a wall for his BASE-he needs it ! Don't compromise
Sorry Chucky, NO VOTING RIGHTS ! That's your true agenda. Nice Try :)
Amen!
No chuckie first you REPEAL OBAMACARE THEN we can worry about illegal aliens AMERICANS  FIRST no longer will we last
Don't forget our healthcare. No repeal.
What health care? Do you mean the healthcare @SenSchumer exempted himself from knowing how bad it actually is?
why couldn't this be done with obama?
Get what you can Chuck before #ImpeachTrump begins. You'll get more out of Trump then you will Pence, Ryan or Hatch.
Don't trust you or Pelosi as far as I can throw you
Ur good! From crying Chuck to chuckles the clown! We the people say go ahead and cut ur best deal! Let's see who stands up and votes 4 it?
What did you think the WSJ would advocate against cheap labor?
Daca is DEFERRED ACTION. DEFERRED TERM IS OVER. NO MORE. COME HERE LEGALLY OR GO HOME PERIOD
@POTUS should have let DACA just go to court not to congress Dems hate America and its ppl
Really and the Republicans Party that practically rapes the poor on a legislative basis loves America ?
Your obsession w kids of illegals is truly sickening. You put us $20tril in debt and Chicago crime is ignored. You evil has no limits.
STOP ILLEGALS FROM ENTERING OUR COUNTRY. NI MORE ANCHIR BABIES, NO MORE ILLEGAL CHILDREN NO MATTER WHAT THEIR AGE.
Everything Chuck Schumer said "wouldn't happen", happened after the 1986 Amnesty.
Yea work at it like all people have to
U2 r out of touch with American ppl u need 2 b voted out. Time limit  needs to b n place. We need wall tax reform healthcare
All others are merry Green Cards holders who return and take their education and new skills home to help their own country succeed
End DACA. These parents should be deported and take their children with them. If you want to come to this country DO IT LEGALLY. PERIOD
ACA repeal might be happening. Walk and chew gum at same time please.
Include me in that minority.
800,000 illegals can bring in 8 MILLION MORE over the next 20 years.  It's "chain immigration" and it's endless invasion.  "Invasora, Chuck"
All DACAs who commit crimes deported!  No Jail rooms in America!
He likes me. He really, really likes me!
Fund the wall and seriously beef up security on the border to stop the flow of drugs and criminal illeagle immigrants And you'll get it
Thank you president Trump for being the greatest president ever!
For Russia? For the rich? For whom? Because so far I can't find anyone who got anything out of his presidency... certainly not the people
EVerify and RAISE act is a MUST
The military service DACA may stay IF THEY APPLY for citizenship following their term and give up yheir own country.
What's up Chuck be careful president Trump might be playing you in Moonbeam Pelosi
America spoke against DACA when they elected Trump as president, yet the big lie is that only a minority elected Trump.  BIG LIE, Chuckles.
