Hey Chuck how about we use pipelines to transport this dangerous fuel
Please don't insult us by pretending you know anything about ROC or Finger Lakes. We know you're only here when it's politically expedient.
with an underground pipeline? Hmmm I think u may be a few months behind on this!
Crude oil is combustible not flammable and definitely not highly flammable. Do some research before you mouth off and sound stupid
Hey  Chuck stop  complaining and start supporting the President
SO, REX TILLERSON IS GETTING HIS RUSSIA REWARDS?
Give it a freaking break Snowflake. Exon maid the money. Tillerson did his job very well. Mental liberal midget. 
It's called a pipeline.....
Dumba$$, use pipelines, they are safer, faster, cheaper. Only a lying partisan hack like yourself can't understand basic economics.
Chucky is a Schmucky .. just go cry yourself to sleep you little 
Export yourself to Venezuela.
Try the XL pipeline.... Oh yeah you don't like pipelines either.  Is that transporter thing from Star Trek available?
You're our source for that - what do we do?
time for term limits no one wants to talk about that why ? because most are crooked they get way to many perks lots of free stuff hello...
That's why we have pipelines Einstein
What was your opinion, regarding hearing GOP leaders Ryan & Mitchel discuss laundering Russian Super Pact Money?
What do you think heats your home?  Only you could make made such an ignorant statement.
Build a pipeline
Senator, you have a keen grasp of the obvious!  Do something useful.
The Feds suck @ everything they do. And you just want more government more rules. Let someone else do it twice as good for half the cost
That's what the pipeline does 
WTF?
PLENTY OF GAS BAGS RUMBLING THRU WASH. REMOVE THEM AND MAKE THE SWAMP SAFER !
plenty of trains rumbling. That's what they are supposed to do. Fix Amtrak and Penn station. Your trains don't move.
Ya it's called a pipeline. Oh wait you think things from Canada aren't fair so keep your trains
I dislike you Senator, but kudos for doing your job and addressing an actual issue. It's about time.
how about jobs and job training and the 20 trillion debt america has ? like cant be on welfare forever where are the jobs and not mc donalds
Feds should not fund sanctuary cities for anything.
I see it's another photo op. Aren't you part of the feds
Duh right Einstein make the Gas , Oil less flammable so then what do you with it NOTHING
What and kill more jobs? The railroad is diligently working on new safety standards. What else would you suggest? Government taking over?
Pipelines.
That called pipelines but you wouldn't support them forcing oil on to RR for transportation now your concerned poor judgement SAD
like a pipeline?

Thanks to U Democraps the trains keep rumbling thru towns full of oil. Keystone Pipeline would've avoided all that ! Made Buffett rich tho !
Yeah let's make it more expensive at the pump by adding more rules and procedures
This is exactly why the Keystone and Dakota pipelines make sense. Safety record much higher. Democrats oppose safe systems.
Feds need to keep their fingers out of the pockets of these companies. That's an old scam that's getting tiring.
Pipeline
It's called approving pipelines genius , oh and imagine the jobs u would create if u allow fracking
It's called a pipeline. You know, the things the Dems have blocked for the last 8 years. #clueless
weren't you against the pipeline.
$ 30,000 per train car to retrofit existing from old crude to new jet fuel crude or $120 000 for new car
Requires fed rules travel # states
The type of oil carried now from fracking as explosive as jet fuel 5yrs ago and beyond it was crude a blow torch would hardly light
....and you propose what for the chlorine, acids and caustic soda that pull into #roc everyday?
Updated car stock
You Have all this Pull make it happen!!  Or Cry!!!
Ethanol is dangerous also Senator. Time to stop the ethanol scam.
Is this the 1st time in your 36 years in Congress this has happened or did you just wake up?  Or just grandstanding?
pipelines
Sounds like more unnecessary regulations and bigger goverment workers who get paid from American taxpayers to do nothing!
again..it didn't touch your "coasts" so you did nothing
we have been living with these potential weapons of mass destruction feet from our stadiums and dense downtown urban areas.  Wakey wakey
1 million barrels a day..most of it..on rails from the bakken region flows next to densely populated areas
since you are blind a lot to the midwest...I'll let you in on a secret. We refused to permit the koch refinery to expand it's oil cracking.
that's why you have this pipeline.  Keystone.  We said No
23 min
VICE train bombs running by biggest salmon run in lower 48, thru countless towns, cities, rural communities
I have 2 videos for u so ppl grasp why important 
This is amateur vid from Lac-Megantic Canada train exploded N town
Charlie says 
Want my Good n  Plenty
That's why Trump approved the pipelines dummy
Never let a good photo op go to waste
So???? Crying Chuck there are more more pressing issues. Why were you against the pipeline? Would have solved this problem. Geesh Chuck.
Something like a pipeline might work.......hmmm
Like a pipeline? Have any better ideas?
Better yet, reroute the rail line through Mara-lago's 18th hole.
@SenSchumer just noticed in the photo..you have an egg head!
Are you 12 yo?
Go back to catering to your donors #LyinChuckSchumer
That would be the purpose of a #pipeline
how? how do you make crude oil less volatile?
Ask Einstein Schumer it's his brainstorm
Why is it the NY cant fix there own problems? Might it be because of you?
It's very simple Chuck, pipeline!
Build pipelines stop Dem biz owner RR oil carrying tank cars
The have been rumbling through for how many years now?  Why is it of concern to you now?
Or we could be oil independent. We DO have this entire galactic fireball of untapped energy just hanging out in space. #dumpfossilfuel
Infrastructure updating means stable jobs. For all.  Let's do this Senator. 

Have you looked at our old bridges? Just sayin.
How long has this been happening and you didn't show u cared til now??
Hypocrite
Pandered
Partisan
if it derails, who cares, poor mexicans get what they fight four??? Hinkle those chumps??? haha lift???
Pipeline?
Go chuck!!!
