You lose.   The millions we taxpayers send will know stay here.
The money that was sent to Iran BELONGED to Iran.   Facts are priceless.
Yes, and you don't know them! Money was sent here by the Shah of Iran to pay for American arms and it should stay here for reparations
reparations for what?
American Embassy personnel  held for a year as prisoners
Facts seem to escape the right wing mind.....
No, you do not understand the facts. People imprisoned and their families are suing for reparations. We should have kept the money!
The money was paid back as the result of a lawsuit that ended in a court settlement.  Do you understand law?
#Low_IQ_Donny speaks ....

know your opponent...
Stealing this.  ;)
Please add this one  #25thAmendmentNow
Like this?

"When #Low_IQ_Donny speaks we know he deserves the #25thAmendmentNow !"
Perfect!
Don't let that Nazi traitor ruin our country!!
Omg.  Get a grip.  Nazi traitor, what is wrong with your head.  Is this what you teach your kids?
Really? May I remind you that you and your administration allowed Iran to get where they are now? And using money Obama sent him!
https://twitter.com/politicalshort/status/920088146645151744 … hmm? How will you feel Tomorrow? You flip flop as much as hillary.
President Trump is correct, read @SenSchumer’s own comments back in 2015 in regards to the #Iran deal. https://www.schumer.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/my-position-on-the-iran-deal … 
Why? Do you love Iran better than the United States? Shame on you.
You may not have a choice! BTW, didn't you disagree with the deal originally? I think it was a horrible, anti-American deal.
How much $$ did you make on the Iran deal that was diverted off shore?
Trump is MY President and the best Commander In Chief...EVER!!!
You are a TRAITOR  to our fine Republic!
Just four Democrats voted with Republicans: Sens. Chuck Schumer of New York…
You are delusional
Well do your job and review and make appropriate modifications
Obama suffers setback as top Democrat Schumer rejects Iran deal http://abc7ny.com/908906/  via @ABC7NY
U don't think it could be made better? or enforced more strictly?
Hay Chuck if he hasn’t already give Trump stomach problems.
Good job Chuck.
Wonder how much money  Harvey Weinstein has given to chuck to keep his mouth shut
do you really think we care about a bad deal like thisget real
So its the DEMOCRAPS intentions is to allow IRAN to develope Nuc's knowing they will use them on America? just like Nkorea
This is who the Democrats adore.  http://www.breitbart.com/big-hollywood/2017/10/15/actress-lysette-anthony-alleges-weinstein-raped-london-home/?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social …
Save our healthcare
Senator Schumer, why do you want Iran to become a nuclear state?
Bot alert
WE THE PEOPLE will surly vote you out as a traitor to president trump and america, burger king is hiring
Don't worry, Chuck. The "deal" Obama did with the  can't be undone. Frankly, it's too late to "hope" Iran behaves.
That’s reassuring. Thanks for not letting sweet prince butt cheese and his crappy golden locks blow us all to hell.
I hope so
Check your facts the Iran deal is a bad deal
Good for you, stand firm against America and let Terrorist Iran have nukes. You will finally see the demise of America if you get your way
wow you hated Iran deal when Obama was president now you like it ? what the hell is wrong with you, your a sorry spectacle.
you know who else DIDN'T support the deal? Schumer. Until he and Trump agreed. Then he flip flopped.
And who will save all the millions 45 is going to cause to die?
Schumer didn't want this deal. He opposed it. What did you say then?
@SenSchumer what is your plan to address #DumpTrump latest attempt to undercut financial support for Obamacare??????????????????
Thank Senator Schumer, you're always there for us.
But you voted against the Iran deal Chucky. I guess when you lie for a living it's hard to remember that you stand for anything except you.
that was before Trump became President. Now a crazy lunatic who has no clear notion of reality is in the White House. things have changed.
Your page says you're a Harvard grad. And all you can come up with is that gibberish? Your Mentor must have been Chief talking Bull.

Hey chucky why do you insist that we deals with countries that hate us  what has Iran done so special?
Yes, lets keep the plan which only postpones Iran nuclearisation & allow them to continue development of an ICBM. Great idea!!! 
They’re doing it anyway.
Why is Trump lying about Iran complying?
And you know he is lying because? Iran won't allow military type inspections! MSM says he is lying and you believe it! Unbelievable!
You voted against it.
Oh. . were undoing the crooked Iran deal Chuck
Congress will do something?  That would be shocking!
You're a clown and have no business being minority leader.
You tried to deal with him over DACA. He double crossed you. He’s making you look foolish.
You don’t have a choice. The man Trump will end it
#ImpeachTrumpPence
@ now now chuck ole boy u are so so wrong your house  gave away our mony to supply our enamy with nuclear weapons bad boy bad little boy 
I think the CHRISTIAN takeover of Dc ..they want a war hoping it'll trigger the Rapture they've been PRAYING for yrs to happen..
a
At least there are some with a spine.
This is what I hate about politicians. This bastard voted against it. Now his ass is for it. Do you have a core? (That would be a no)
Chuck your anti American is showing
We need more of this: what are the Dems fighting for now besides Trump directly
CHUCK SCHUMER SAYS HE HAS A BETTER DEAL.GET BUSY AND SHOW US BIG MOUTH. YOU DO NOTHING BUT TWEET , PROTEST N MAKE POSTERS.YOUR WORKING XMAS.
Then argue the merits Chuck head!  Let's hear it. .@SenBillNelson .@USRepKCastor
What about ACA?
Haha seriously? A bad deal, it did nothing to deter the Iranians. they vowed to destroy USA and Israel and your deal sped that process up
That's a welcome change from your stupid decision to vote against the Iran deal. Your attacks on it have helped lead to this decertification
Thank you Sen Schumer. Keep fighting that good fight. Convince Congress to solve the Trump problem once and for all.  Impeach

Maybe you 3 can come up w/ a better motto than Iran's 'Death 2 America, Death 2 Israel'
There's no more road 2 kick the can down.
Grow up!
Are you the only adult in D.C. ?  Come on. Paid workers.  Earn your $.  Join the working poor.

- planning on sending Iran another plane full of money?
Please.
It will be undone
25th Amendment Sec 4...immediately!
No choice
I forget... what's it called when the military runs the government...
Great! What about #ACA subsidies? Dems need to do fix ACA and save it!
I thought you voted against the deal. Hmm that's weird. The deal is awful for Israel and now you want to keep it?
Deal with Iran Treaty @SenSchumer @TheDemocrats @NancyPelosi @SenateMajLdr @SenateDems or #Purge2018 Will FIX IT!!
Iran deal is not legal congress told Obama no he went behind there backs and did it illegally and you knew about it
Tell trump-a-nut that
Interesting Chuckie considering YOU VOTED AGAINST THE IRAN DEAL!!
You know Iran is not complying. If you trust Iran you are dumber than we thought.
Yup a bad deal. So what you are really saying is send them more money in unmarked bills. Apparently Dems say terrorism is ok.
If you can’t impeach,then let trump rip up the deal.Let @LindseyGrahamSC & @ChuckGrassley @gop deal with the consequences of his actions for once.Let the gop clean up their own mess
Oh Chucky, once again all talk, no plans, no ideas, no solutions. Just BS coming out of your mouth. Tell me, What are you going to do ?
You opposed it.
This is a little hypocritical, friend
We the people know it’s a bullshit deal-dems lied to get it passed and now Iran has the $ to buy uranium plus they inspect themselves-really
You are forgetting who is in charge now Chuckle boy...Donald Trump is President and Republicans control the house and Senate...
Hey chucky you hypocrite, remember you voted against the Iran deal. Now you support it.  CHUCK SCHUMER=HYPOCRITE
So you Formally support the billions in cash sent to Iran from Obama?
i wonder what @Potus dad Putin thinks of #IranDeal ? hmmm.
thank you for all your hard work to keep us safe.
you literally tried to undo it 2 years ago.
As a Jewish descendant didn't you vote against the Iran deal under pressure from Israel? That's the same nonsense trump doing takin Israel
Get to work, Chuck. Stop bellyaching and start fighting Republicans: take no prisoners.
You have openly sanctioned Iran while they were in full compliance to help break it yourself.
Now that's an #AmericaFirst position I can support. Lastly, please let @SenSanders be our nominee in 2020. Long Live Bernie.
Hey remember when you voted to kill the deal?
#DoYourJob  Executive orders by Obozo were ruled illegal. What little is left of his legacy will soon be erased. #PovertyPimp
uh, you voted against the Iran deal, then you voted for new sanctions
Don’t allow that, don’t allow the EO on aca! Don’t allow us to get in a fight w/N Korea, don’t allow the continued discrimination of POC-
Nearly 70% of people hurt by Trump cuts to health care subsidies live in states he won. @AP_Christina @MeghanHoyer ......
Please have President Trump cut President Obama’s Pension fully and get over with petsonal animosity rest wont suffer! Please speak to Pres
YOU CAN SAY WHAT YU WANT BUT THE IRAN DEAL IS ON ITS WAY OUT  IT DOES NOT HAVE THE AMERICAN PEOPLES BEST INTEREST AT HEART BUT YOU DONT CARE
Boy! You’re not kowtowing?
Donny’s really gonna get unstrung now.
This is the congressional approval many of us wanted in the first place. We want congress to vet the deal.
Trump is nuts. America is in extreme danger.

THIS is why Congress is stalled. Constantly cleaning up after @POTUS  instead of being proactive. He must be removed!
He still has his finger on the trigger. What are we going to do about that?
#ImpeachTrumpNow #gutlessGOP @gop #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
If I was an #Iranian I wd very much like Iran to have nukes whilst there is a maniacal #POTUS like Trump in charge.  #ManiacalTrump
Please talk to President every day!  He will listen to you please ask him stop watching Foxnews any cable talk about infrastructure
It is being undone and sanctions will return. Obama focused on destroying this county with the help of the DEMS. Trump is putting Amer first
News flash Chuckie. You work for us not the dumocrats
Sir you are a fool and you are obviously anti American to support such. Bad wwhen politics are more important than us citizens!
OBAMA GAVE $1.7 BILLION TO TERRORISTS. I WONDER WHERE ALL THAT MONEY WENT
What hypocritical nonsense.
Chuck, you’re lying shameless coward! You’ve lied to your constituents when u said you were opposed to this flawed deal! Now you support it?
So sad to see the most ranking Democrat siding with Iranian interests.  It borders on treason, Senator. Vote'm OUT in 2018 and 2020.
CHUCKIE PRES DIDNT UNDO IRAN DEAL HE THREW OT TO CONGRESS which was the LEGAL THING to do UNLIKE KING OBAMA Are you
Then do something instead of whining when you don't get your way it's in the hands of Congress now where it should have started #worktogethe
You did not vote for it ?
You mean you support Iran and terror. Real nice traitor.
Don't be bullied by Trump and his mean EO on healthcare let him own it
If you agree on any deals on DACA or anything else with this president you are as crazy as he is he’s undoing all democrats hold dear.
Show some backbone if you have any people are going to die here.
Can’t believe our senators would support Iran. Support terrorist??? Disgraceful
What parts do you like?  No inspections of military facilities?  No restrictions on Nukes in 8 yrs. ICBMs? Or is it "Death to America"?
Uhhh...https://www.schumer.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/my-position-on-the-iran-deal …
Good for you.  Thanks Sen. Schumer. You should get more credit for fighting for party goals even when you don't agree with them.
Forget the dam, Iran deal, and focus on trumps healthcare bill, Hello?
You failed to ratify deal! By constitutional law its not legal. And you want to enforce illegal deal?
How many Senate Democrats voted against it? 4, and you were one. Now you're all for it. You want it both ways, like a typical politician.
Making sure that our government is tried to terrorist sponsors. Disgusting political bull. Make IRAN disappear. Remember the hostages!
You are a powerful man. Why is Trump still in office. He is looting the government for personal gain, and destroying the US. DO SOMETHING!!


Liar Chuck! Too Old when you cant remember The Constitution!

Thank you @SenSchumer - you give us hope
You really THINK your SOMETHING yes LITTLE COMMIE WEASEL dem Iran DEAL SUCKED  Globalist nonsense Limp Carter should taken Iran OUT in 79
the deal to protect TERRORIST.  OH I FORGOT @TheDemocrats ARE TERRORIST SYMPATHIZERS
He didn't un do it STUPID he kicked it back to you to FIX
Then get it right
Military Coup! Military Coup!
Cryin chuck, again in your dreams.  Bad negotiation for all but iran.  Requires significant adjustment to stabilize the region and world.
During the Cold War Trump went to Reagan asking to be sent to the USSR to handle the nuclear difficulties nuclear on his mind long time
Bebe Netanyahu seems to be very agreeable. U r just worried about Obamas kiss-ass legacy going bye-bye, not what's best for U.S
First, inspections are not “anywhere, anytime”; the 24-day delay before we can inspect is troubling. - @SenSchumer
Good, it's about time you do your jobs anmd take responsibility.
Trump didn't ask you undo it, he asked Congress to get off their ass and fix it, kinda like the shitard #ACA. Quit bitching and do your job!
Let’s not forget the mess known as DACA. @POTUS told them to fix that too.
Your days of "allowing" are over.  A new day, Presidency, and backing of citizens.
You Love Iran so much? Pack up your bags and MOVE there!!
Y'all agree with Mattis & General Dunford: #IgnoreTrump
Good to know. We dems will no longer tolerate leaders who try to play on both sides of the fence. That is not an option with this GOP/POTUS
Good
You should just STOP  talking because your ridiculous words are not credible anymore, u have proven u are a follower not a leader...
You WANT to waste American tax dollars on someone else's nukes? Are you INSANE? Did you take your Alzheimer's medication today?
Thought you voted against this deal to protect America and Israel. Just doing this to be political? Are you or are you not protecting us?
Get rid of TRUMP any way possible. He is a fraud, the election was a fraud, and he/Putin will destroy us all.
You voted against the deal. Are you admitting you were wrong?
@YanaiCohen הנה עוד 1 שהתנגד ועשה ״פלופ״.  אולי יפול האסימון שיש סיבה לגיטימית להתנגד ליציאה כאוטית כעת, תחת טראמפ, אחרי שהם קיבלו את הכסף?
Chuck, you are just horrible. We called you hundreds of times to support the Iran deal but you ignored your voters and voted against it.
Well then get ur ass 2 work & come up with something that is not illegal. Obama went around Congress & gave them $ without Congress approval
based on your life performance you will end up doing nothing!!!!
The deal is bad, we need to in do it. If left  to stand it puts the great people of America in danger. Obama failed Presedent. Stand behind Trump
Iran caught 32 times trying to cheat deal wtf's wrong with you? Deep state swamp creature
You know, I love ya but just saying “it” won’t make it true. We need another American Revolution. Not a Civil War.
Treaty was not ratified by #Congress and is illegal.  Government 101.

Weren't you against the deal when it rolled out? Obama knew better than all of you.
so your in favor of arming and support for terrorists that's what I thought#pos
WE DEMAND REPEAL OF THE SENATE & CONGRESS SECRETLY VOTED FOR NO PAY HEALTHCARE & RETIREMENT SLUSH FUND.. STOP STEALING FROM US..
Chucky.  This was a horrific deal that hasn't stopped the threat from Iran and costs taxpayers money.  Stop giving away what isn't yours.
When you say we, you mean you and your buddy Weinstein?
The “Iran deal” is disastrous for the US. Who’s side are you on, “Senator”?
