You and the Dems have no interest in helping the people.  Obstruction and No Plan. #SchumerCare
Are you serious? Please start listening to AMERICAN media, not Russia-backed Breitbart and Faux News.@SenSchumer
Apparently you forgot BHO telling McCain to shut up because he lost.  INCOMPETENCE & BROKEN PROMISES remember BHO?
@Montgomery_bjm First and foremost the bill did not make it because of the #Resistance and what we stand for as Americans.
Think I'll wait another 3 years and 10 months b4 judgement. No need to be hasty. We got time. Maybe he needs more help. #CUN18
Now enough of this watching them swing a dead cat around as a distraction and let's get back to hunting spies and moles in DC.
Why don't Democrats fight harder for the American People?  https://twitter.com/WoobieTuesday/status/846459784501039109 … #GetMoneyOut #EnoughIsEnough
@IamAwake2017 Chuck, you and the Dems own Obamacare. I'm forced with a single plan choice at 3 times my good old plan, thanksB's
@NancyPelosi You two had a chance to partner for Americans on health care - instead, more partisan crap. #termlimits
Do you believe that? Did you see the bill GOP proposed? Do you think Dems would ever agree to those cuts?
the patient dies explanation Dr new 2 job Pres Idiot make mistakes new 2 job neither excuse acceptable
Here in UK we have NHS. It's brilliant. No one goes bankrupt paying medical bills. But r gov r privatising it & it's going worse
We dread the day when r health care is based on an insurance based system. NHS is fair to all, and not reliant on ability 2 pay
both if which were by the Democrats
Thanks Chucky.  A perfect summation of you and your obstructionist party. You have been a plague. UnAmerican 
keep the focus and pressure up, we have 3 years & 10 months with this joker.
Do we, though?  (Srsly, 45 gets defeated a couple more times, safe bet he takes his ball & goes home.)
I'm fine Mr. Schumer. Any thing our president is lagging on is on you.
you can say that again
it failed because it was Obamacare light!  Full repeal and replace!  Just as we should do with most of you politicians!
- But there are still parts of the AHCA that NEED fixing and now the GOP will not work with the Democrats to fix them :-(
@pcavalca you would know a thing or two about incompetence...it's how you lead.
But now is the time to work together and repair the fractures.
Oh! I thought it was incompetence period if not outright insanity hence the name- Delusional Don: well deserved- we're on r way.
and 3 million on golf trips every weekend...
Those brave enough to risk themselves need to initiate,sustain the path to oust this destructive,incompetent leader to save our USA!
Two bad traits are not repealing the abominable Obamacare and trying to replace it with a similar abomination.
@pcavalca well, if that's true then at least he hasn't broken the traditions from the last 8 years
That is a truck load of Bovine Scatology. POTUS is a leader who refused to get mired in your fight to accomplish nothing for US
No, the two traits are 1) Egocentricity 2) Incompetence
#Obamacare You cann keep your md The biggest broken promise in modern history. Oh yeh we can inspect Iran in 24 hours notice.
Obamacare 2.0 is all this bullshit bill was thank god the True conservatives in The house stopped it #RepealAndReplace  it all
Shane. Now is oppty to get educated abt what is really going on, and how the crooks in the WH have duped you. @SenSchumer
the only crooks I see is the liberals eating this failure we call Obamacare
He's only been there 2 months, so there's no broken promises. Only thing prevented was travel ban, & that's pending. U are wrong
Wrong. It failed because democrats didn't/wouldn't negotiate. What's Congress' approval rating again? Thanks for wasting our money.
I don't think you are qualified to call anyone incompetant
Imagine how red-in-the-face angry you would be if anyone had said these kinds of things about Obama.
It was Ryancare!! Get it right. How come you aren't on Obamacare?? Why won't you answer that question??
And GOD's will for them not to harm the elderly, children, disabled, etc.
I would add a third trait to incompetence and broken promises, impotency of an Alpha Male President.
oh plz. Look up incompetent in dictionary and you will see your picture and Nancy pelosies
And public pressure on Congress
and the unwillingness of Dems to help or have enough brains to come up with a better deal
keep on talking! We love it. Every time you do, you help guarantee 8 years.
You obviously know nothing about healthcare ... come work with me for a week and you will see how badly Obamacare has failed !!
Paul Ryan shares some/most of the blame
ACA failing due to lack of choice & unaffordable! For most a useless contract. Ponzi scheme Madoff style!
why not stop taking money from big medical insurance companies and big pharma and
YOU GOT THAT WRONG!  ITS THE DEMOCRATS WHO ARE THE INCOMPETENTS AND OBSTRUCTIONISTS!  DEMS OWN ACA SO WATCH IT BLOW UP!
the Trump bill failed because We the People never forget you work for US get off your high horse and earn your pay
You left out illegitimacy.
U really think u can re-brand obama care? Never going to happen Chuckles. Allow individual markets and let obama care implode.

With emphasis on incompetence. Don't forget arrogance and a few other 'ances I can think of.
You forgot outright lies
Let me add that it was simply a bad bill to begin with. #resist
At least he isn't an a%@hole like you and your obstructive cronies. When are YOU going to put in an honest days work?
The root of broken promises:  Lies.
Chuck's Broken Promises?We can't keep our DR or Plan its not affordable & where's my family's  $2500 we would save? NY Pol LIE!
this thinking is why you are minority leader, because you are a do nothing    public, self servicing bafone.  Find a real job
@dulaney_brandon #PREACH 
Thank you for your passion for the American people.
maybe add that he didn't read it so did not know how to negotiate??
Agree w incompetence & lies, BUT believe a very bad policy that #WethePeople recognized as catastrophic is what effected defeat
@EdRedstateblues On to Gorsuch! President under FBI investigation CANNOT be allowed to appoint SCOTUS!!!
blah blah blah. Do something for America and NY. Stop complaining and do something!
We should call it Shummercare 
things failed because of immature cry babies like & your political wife Pelosi what a pair
and lies. Don't forget lies, Chuck. Broken promises doesn't imply intent to deceive. @realDonaldTrump is a fucking liar.
And what you done so great recently CHUCKY?
Three: lies and falsehoods!
and 3., an uprising of humanity never witnessed before in the history of the US saying "NO!"
Stay on Trump Senator.  @realDonaldTrump proven to be deceitful, incompetent and likely an instrument of Russian puppeteering.
enough is enough, fix obamacare and stop the outdated behaviour.
dove921251 #good job Paul Ryan gave president Obama and the house serve  this meal to him and the 
hey chucky party is not over till the fat lady sings...plenty of time left in this game. ..Obamacare will be #RepealAndReplace
Please don't go on TV and gloat. It looks SO bad!  Thank the ones that came to TownHalls and Repubs that crossed party lines!
no disrespect, but it failed because you worked harder to make it fail than to make it better.
All you politicians up on Capital need to be put on Obama care and pay their own way to actually feel the pain.  Then fix it!!
Since your health benefits are top of the line and paid for by the American People why would you care?
same exact reason that Obamacare is going to blow up.
Mr. Schumer you obviously do not feel the pain because not only you and the Democrats as well as the Republicans  are excluded.
You're a clown.
IT FAILED because its fundamentally flawed and must be fundamentally replaced. You're an embarrassment to humanity.
You are incorrect as usual. this is Ryans bill. Trump will pen the next plan. then your days are over.
you broke the promise not him Party before shows your incompetence You fail all
now get to work and fix it!
.@SenSchumer you forgot LIES upon LIES and fundamental disrespect of the people!
and it was not 'of, by, or for the people.' #Greed
Work with the admin for the best for people. Obstruction is just angering us.
Don't forget to include OBSTRUCTIONIST like You!  Assh@le
Question.  Did Obama "win" when Democrats rammed Obamacare down our throats?  It destroyed their Party.  Trump won today.
that and Trump has no interest in making healthcare better, he just wanted to score a win
You forgot taking from the poor to give to the rich.

Another reason:  #trumpcaresnot
And Obamacare was largely written by Big Pharma and the largest insurance companies, Democrats profited from stock holdings
@CrazyCatLadyFL don't forget grass roots involvement! Thanks for all you do,  Senator!
there is nobody more incompetent than you! #MAGA
@BadASSSery He lies. He lies. He lies. He lies. He lies. He lies. He lies. He lies. He lies. He lies. He lies. 45 IS A LIAR!
sadly for the American people,trumpWill have the last laugh w Obamacare dies and no one is insured incompetence lies with you
the fact that you used two words to describe the POTUS that are ones that would go for you maybe you should check yourself first
Ultimately the #Democrats fail because of two traits that have plagued Dems: incompetence & broken promises
So true!
lol let's not kick @realDonaldTrump when he's down.  Let's reach out to get some things done minus his  @GOP extremists
Hey LYING Chuck, How about all of the broken promises by you and Lying Obama? $2,500 a yr. savings, keep plan, keep Dr., @POTUS
hey nothing like forced unaffordable insurance for working ppl ..Communist much schumy 
#antiamerican
You have left out callousness, disconnection with the average American, greed and arrogance. @POTUS
chuck, I have been nice to you..but you say incompetence, you seem to like to use derogatory words, oh well
@CHURCHLADY320 Trump is quite and low key  because he knows his ass is in a sling over Russia.
The White House is a #TrumpsterFire @SenSchumer
As time goes by You will see you are wrong. I believe that from the bottom of my heart! God Bless You!
ha ha you own it now failure
The biggest breaker of promises is BHO. U gave is Obamacare, now u r going down with it
@kasthomas  23M Armed Angry
@ColleenHolt20 And PEOPLE. All of the PEOPLE who've been calling & attending town meetings & writing letters. CONSTITUENTS.
Trump has an agenda that he will continue to work on he will keep his promises and you will not be able to stop him
and I appreciate all that the Dems ARE doing!!
You own it now...#DUMP CHUCK  Democrats; the new communist party.
ultimately it failed because voters were united against it and the Freedom Caucus demanded horrible draconian take aways
Actually because it so resembled OCare. Trumps is Pres two months  as opposed to lies, treachery and treason of Obama and you.
yes and yes!
thank God you're not my senator, you're a pathetic disgrace who gets reelected by sheep libs in nyc
Saw you on CNNWolf @SenSchumer you got it 100% we should all be SAD that REPS FAILED to come up with a better plan for us @realDonaldTrump
spoken by a the head incompetent leader.
WHAT DO YOU KNOW ABOUT OBAMACARE? YOU AND ALL OF CONGRESS EXEMPTED THEMSELVES FROM IT SINCE DAY 1.
There are still people working people being hurt by high premiums. Help them.
Thank u 4 fighting so hard against this Please don't stop Now fight 2 remove Nunes & independent look into Trump/Russia ties
Can't wait to see Obamacare work...
Ultimately The Democrat party failed because of 6 traits @BarackObama @HillaryClinton @SenSchumer @alfranken @keithellison  @NancyPelosi .
head snowflake!
Sounds like your entire career!!!
name the broken promises...ready....go! Oh wait, you can't. #chuckmustGO
Don't forget Lies and Russian Collusion!!
u schumer  no help at all. Go stuff a matzo ball in your butt. @Jeanette9399
baaaahaaaaaa 
Let’s not confuse divisions in the GOP House caucus with the incompetence of the White House.
don't forget greed
I guess you would know. Two traits in which you've demonstrated an expertise.
Pulled the Trumpcare cause the Celebrity Pres can't take the humiliation of losing. Congrats Americans-dart center circle
please resign now
couldn't have said it better myself!!!
Bingo!
Thank you, Sen. Schumer. Bill failed b/c Trmp has no leadership skills & no commitment to serving people. He has greed only....
smart guy 
@bpluntz Time to offer the public option, Chuck! Give them CLEAN ACA improvements and make them decline them. Pretty please. DrH
Now is a perfect time for a strong push for #MedicateForAll, paid for by sufficient taxation, @SenSchumer
nailed it!
incompetent people are the Dems that in acted these policies. Why don't you help instead of resort to name calling. Get to work
I suppose taking $21M+ from #WallStreet helps you pass meaningful legislation - or talk about it.
what we have now is on you Chuck
Sad for US
you forgot arrogance
It didnt fail its a set up to finally remove the Dem party now and in the future
I'm... it failed because of you and your kind.  Be serious and HONEST for ONCE in your life.  #BullSchumer
@barnes_gigi & it was BAD. Donald is not Prepared to be POTUS. He has a wide and deep curve so it will be bad til his term is up

@AndyVale13   No permita que Trp obtenga  .5% del traito de aceite con Rusia! Leyo el reporte de Seth Abramson?




loser, try doing your job for all Americans


don't forget EXTREME CRUELTY Chuck
the only incompetence was the initial creation of the ACA & your inability to look out for working class..
.@SenSchumer AND THE VOICES OF THE RESISTANCE!!! #resist
shut-up Chuck!
upchuck excluded himself B4. Why do any of U think he really cares?  He supported a totally partisan process then & cried now
a real fix puts all you political class on the SAME EXACT POLICIES. When that's forced you'll all sit together and get it right!

