. Waste of time
Thanks Chuck you did something ,something is better than nothing

Judicial Watch Files Ethics Complaint Against Adam Schiff: 
Best News I've heard All Day @JudicialWatch @TomFitton  http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/04/judicial-watch-files-ethics-complaint-adam-schiff-info-schiff-disclosed-classified-information-video/ …
Oh that REAL important to American citizens u have the heartbeat of America
Really.... Schumer ??? Retire,  you are joke !
Chucky how about working on taxes and health care ya old fart
And the house has passed more than 200 bills you are sitting on. Not to mention the delay tactics on appointments and judges
past something that puts people back to work first
How and why is this a priority?
How much money your cronies kicking back to you
senate has passed no bill on this
Chuck Is A Liar
Why? Your Not Doing Your Job! Chuck must go!
It is no longer #Obamacare with your change it is now #Trumpcare !!!!
Protect lakes from what exactly, Chuckles?
Problem is Chuck, POTUS can only Clean ONE SWAMP AT A TIME. He's finding the DC Swamp is dirtier than he thought. Takes Time! Get a life
DT and his ilk are the swamp.
that's YOUR opinion ONLY! Look what PRESIDENT Trump has done so far in healing our country and keeping it from falling in Globalism.
Trump is a globalist. Businesses all over the world. Also a couple of his kids. ???
No he's not.  He's a populist, there is a difference. Globalist is aka New World Order, open borders, one currency, Muslim rules the world,
His businesses and his money have no borders. What he says and what he does are not the same. He is not working on behalf of “the people.”
He does not deal with his businesses any longer. Where you get your info you are wrong. Are you BLIND to what he has done so far?
You’ve moved into insults w/o cause. I am not blind. I am smart and kind and thoughtful.
#25Amendment #ImpeachTrump #25Amendment.4
25th will never happen. Impeachment requires less votes.  But you only pretend to know the constitution...Silly Libs
Senator...Alert. Your comrades are disintegrating around you as you babble. Robert Meuller was implicated by Wikileaks in Russia job
But not a damn thing about health care or taxes...way to go!
Wow, nice going Chuck.  Keep up the good work.  Frogs in upstate NY will be thrilled.  What about P R.
Who is paying for that? Does it come out of your retirement? Because I have a feeling it is coming out of mine & puts children more in debt
Quit swimming in the water..that algai bloom is growing out your ass...House, ban Schumer from the water
@SenateMajLdr has 300 bills on his desk that the @HouseGOP has sent over and no one in the Senate  doing shit but put our money your pocket
Can you comment on the Niger Ambush leaving 4 US dead? #WillTheyRespond
How about passing the Judges and other appointees?  Stop stone walling and do your job.
Why should American tax payers give insurance company billions and billions of dollars?
ALL of U need to ACT NOW, #25thAmendmentNow
You know better than anyone all about algal blooms Chuck.
Something that's probably already on the books. Waste of time and money. Again.
You don't control the house, they don't care what you say.
Pass it protect FL
Oh what a waste of time. Fix our damn infrastructure and taxes. Middle class disappearing, you bum politicians do nothing but buy votes!
Funniest tweet ever!!
Blah blah blah
Not going to happen!
Mr’s @SenJohnMcCain @SenSchumer  How do you allow thisObtuse @POTUS he lied with his hand on bible 1st day, 
“TO PROTECT THE CONSTITUTION”
What's it matter Chuck? You're gonna let NK or Iran blow them into oblivion and btw, is this really a priority right now, given other probs?
Now, that's important.
Thank goodness! That keeps me up at night, more than say, a nuclear NK or Iran!
Alert: Alge first formed in Schumer’s malignant mouth !
Sure Chuck, just for you.
Chuck, don't you think that voting in Trumps picks are more important that lakes ?
I wish that Trump could sign a new regulation that says that Senators and Congressman could be fired for a lack of work and resistance. 
Why aren’t u doing something for us Americans. Ur priorities r so screwed up, it’s pathetic.
Please do not allow the guy in the Oval Office to take away my healthcare!
You gotta be fuckin shitting me! This is all what you’ve got done since taking the entire month of Sept. off? #Waste oftaxpayersmoney!
This right wing bullshit has to stop now or it will never end in my lifetime.
Don't you dare work with that asshole.  Bring America back to sanity, let consequences come and let debate happen AFTER.
When are you going to formulate a comprehensive economic plan? Lets remember "its the economy stupid" or we will keep losing elections
Is that code word for article 25???
You liberals have regulated America out of business. We need deregulation not more regulations!
Now try dealing with more serious issues, like, maybe HEALTHCARE!!
Great. 

Now get the word out about this
Bang the drums LOUDLY. And stop humoring that fn moron puppet
Eyes on the 2020 census! It's underfunded. Outreach is hampered. A bad census means disenfranchisement of POC.  https://n.pr/2kJkqB4 
You're starting to sound like Trump
Great but #ACA & #GOPTaxScam R 2 issues that R really going 2 hurt Americans. @DNC Stop being so polite & take the @GOP down.

You still want to criticize our job from your cubicle?? #KeyboardPolice , if the shoe fits, wear it. #BlueLivesMatter #GodBlessOurLEOs 
It would be great if you actually do something to help the disastrous Obamacare you helped pass. DO YOUR JOB!
Idiot !
Pass tax reform!
Good thing we have the government to take care of this for us! #needmorecontrol #communism
We must protect our water
is the sky falling chuckin little?
Do they act on anything important? We are doomed with the GOP in charge. Thank you for all your hard work.
You’re hyperventilating, Chuck.
When are you retiring? Didn't get enough money from Soros yet. Traitor
Stop , and focus on the important issues, taxes and repeal of Obamacare
Where is your bill for Dreamers. Where is your Funding for the Obamacare subsidy. These come from congress not the potus. Obama circumvented
oh so disappointed in Graham, GOP/Trump destroying ACA piece by piece, then saying it's failure. We're not all stupid uninformed Trumpers.
you mean something actually passed the Senate???
Ok chuck. The senate must ACT NOW on the 200 bills passed by the house just sitting in the senate. Tit for tat. Bi partisan remember?
idiot. the new tappan bridge dump chemical in the HUDSON RIVER. NOTICE YOU ALL KEPT IT HUSH HUSH. HYPOCRITE
Personally I wish you guys would get it together and start working too remove trump from office  immediatly. Without that, the rest won't matter  if we are dead.   Just saying, do something!
you mean like this Senator? great lakes are poisoned, fresh water depletion critical, oceans already lika cesspool, fukishima fishies yum
That happened in Lake Elsanore Ca. They had to kill the whole lake. Bleached it. But now it's all better.
That's the problem with gov't, they pass something, to feel good, put it aside, have no accountability, demand something be done, pass another bill. Job Security.
Wow,  Chuck,  you have very stupid followers. Senate impeach trump?
Is that the water you've been drinking?
Fires Chuck ! Fires ! Try to focus here !
That's a real high priority Chuck. Not. Cut taxes tomorrow
What about the fungus that is the Democratic Party?
Shut up and get to work, Chuck. Tax reform,  Healthcare, DACA- make yourself useful. It's your job !!
How much PORK is in that Bill? Have you posted the Bill so We can read it?
Probably less than is in your mouth and $&@.
WOW you missed your calling u should be a writer
Addressing algae blooms requires addressing climate change.
Chuck what is going on with this train wreck of a @POTUS.  Don't you think it's time to remove him?
Are you nuts, get rid of Schumer, Trump is making America great again
Name one thing Socialist Democrats in Congress have accomplished since Nov. Come on, one major item of legislation. Congress is worthless.
Last time we the people heard words like that from Washington DC Politicians, it brought us into War, WMD'S
Oh please we do not have a functioning government Chuck! Just look at the White House and the disaster that orange bastard has caused.
Upchuck, Gee, really getting a lot of work done. Must be tired and need a vacation.
Also voting  to securing the borders would certainly cut down on international sex trafficking.Chuck are you ok with sex trafficking?
Shut up Chucky. No one believes you!
Really important....how about ..taxes,immigration ,North Korea?    You pick the low hanging fruit.
If you want it schumer, we're not doing it. Shove it
@ we'll chuck are trying to put your boot on are necks well your free stuff is going to be gone &I will be so sad  for I& nancy
Trump will just veto it so why bother? Anything to destroy the environment.
The Senate needs to bring forth articles of impeachment. As I told @SenSherrodBrown ... none of you complicit Dems gets my vote until then.
Yes, I do understand a GOP majority makes it impossible to pass. Just like the GOP minority knew they'd never pass an ACA repeal ...
AND THEN BUILT A PLATFORM ON IT!
Seriously... some of you really need a poli-sci refresher.
I'm getting tired of being led by intellectual inferiors.
Fine. But what about healthcare for your fellow countrymen and women.
Schumer already gave you a failing Obamacare plan, enjoy it!
What about ACA he just killed subsidies
Let's act to help people with health insurance. Trump is dangerous to us, unless he was us to die!!!???
The house has already passed Kates law. Time for the senate to do the same. Protect Americans!
If chucky wants it. Its bad. Vote against plz
You an republicans both talk about stagnant wages but yet when employees try to improve them they are replaced with scabs.we need labor laws
American's are mad as hell over the ACA and we're not gonna take it anymore.
The Royal Family in WH didn't fire Anyone Today ,you know Friday's 
The royal family left the WH on Jan 20th, 2017. Thank God. Now an American is POTUS again!
They won’t
The Senate needs to impeach Trump and all his Russian American Republican cronies and throw the rest out. Including that fucking Paul Ryan.
Wow. One bill passed. Great job Mr Schumer.
Yes please do.
