Those two make a cute couple.  When's the wedding lyin cryin chucky?

@robreiner
 
@NancyPelosi  @MaxineWaters 
PRESIDENT Trump ....more Winning

Hey lyin cryin @SenSchumer chucky!  Now that the supreme court ruled the travel pause is constitutional I guess you will apologize?  #MAGA
Proud? He's an over the top corrupt politician. And your proud of this phony?

We r so glad ur happy & u came out of the closet out on the street and full of Pride
Did schumer finally come out of the closet?
He don't work. Look at the record and you will see all he does is cry
Gay Pride marchers with Jewish flags told to leave parade https://www.jihadwatch.org/2017/06/gay-pride-marchers-with-jewish-flags-told-to-leave-chicago-parade …  #MondayMotivation #MAGA

Two idiots
If you like crooks, keep following Trump.  Cults work for some people..
Trump called it mean...
Trump personally said the bill was Mean and he wanted a bill that had more heart...
Didn't say Donald's heart in the right place..I, personally dislike him..
https://www.worldnewspolitics.com/2017/05/02/leaked-documents-reveal-chuck-schumer-corrupt-politician-history-usa/ …
NO ONE IN CONGRESS WORKS...ONLY THE HARD WORKING AMERICAN PEOPLE !!!! HOW ARE THEY REWARDED? FAKE NEWS !!!!!

You mean like when he lies to the public? He knew Trump wasn't under investigation, b/ made public sttmnts to the contrary. Can't trust him.
Proud of this?
You're proud of him, 4 what may I ask ? For obstructing our POTUS & his adjenda. If Chucks you're roll model than you're no better than him!
I'm going to barf 
Really what does he do
Trump, all photo Ops, no action..  Don the Con...
Like ALWAYS taking Advantage to keeping moving your black http://agenda.You   when you was there hipocrit manipulating igntant minds
Heard the Democrats policies coming out in a few weeks.. Great news...Fight Trump failures to the max...
Byron York: On Russia, a senator's deception and a timeline of Trump frustration http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2627052  via @dcexaminer
What work does this guy do all he does is criticize I've never heard him say anything positive
Nothing good to talk about...
Keep it up Schumer catering to 3% of population and ignoring the other 97% on jobs and affordable healthcare, dems dont care about Americans
Republicans love Schumer-Pelosi---Libs Keep losing under their leadership....Plus we like to see Chuckie Cryin'
If you want to help middle class REPEAL Obamacare or shut up and go home
If you support a President that cons you everyday and only helps the rich, go for it..
Have you noticed that he lied on every healthcare promise.  Cutting Medicaid for VETS.  He's helping no one..
Love ya Chuck!

@SenateDems  @SenateGOP The concern is he is the Democratic Leader & has failed to pass/write any substantial legislation over the past year
Phony fake pandering to everything PC.
Chuck is doing nothing but obstrutionists and spreading the hate
Kiss ass
Another delusional #Democrat
Proud of my senator who never met a camera or mic he didn't like


What work?
The "work" he does in DC??? What planet are you living on?  All he does is steal our money and resist!
Hey Victor! Watch ur back! He will throw u under the bus when he is tired of you!
Better reconsider what your proud of or face being called a dummy
Senator Schumer you ROCK. I am so proud of your fight against the GOP healthcare bill as well!
He's only hurting Americans
Figures
How can u be proud of an obstructionist self serving political hack
Is Schumer gay too
victor --your standards are very low
Wow so amazing" NOT!"..Get real, Newsflash: Dems have lost everything! They have NO AGENDA! ha .We learn that Obama wiretapped and colluded.
Are you proud of Pelosi too? Wow.......I want a job where I do nothing and collect a HUGE check, just like them....can you say "UnAmerican?"
WWRRRONNNGGG! Need a dictionary, look up "democracy" and compare it to their actions!"Rigged the DNC Rigged Bernie's Loss", Rigd FBI? proud?
Gross.
Please can you tell us what  he  does in DC.? same  old  same old. .pretend to do something while actually doing nothing. Dems  MO
I bet Victor pichardo is not happy about being Chucky old boss. How embarrassing to Chucky but he doesn't care. That's Chucky for you
Yep.  He's a peach.  He hates the middle class and continues trying to destroy them.
Wow, such a great accomplishment, NOT, get to work and do something to benefit the working Man! You Democrats are a waist of time,play,play!
Your boss is a pedophile, owned by the deep state, & his pimps are George & Alex Soros.  Ask him what his burner phone's for.  They OWN him.
SENATOR UNLIKE THE TERRORIST WHO HAVE HATRED FOR OTHERS BECAUSE OF THEIR DIFFERENCES; WE SHOULD FOLLOW THE EXAMPLE OF JESUS ;TO EMBRACE ALL!
If obstruction is actually considered work then Chuckie is setting the bar!!
Answer is...... Nothing.
Work??? All he does is line his pocket with tax payers money

Yep, Chuck gets on his knees too
What has Chuck Schumer done in DC besides fundraiser from big money special interests & cry about Trump during emergency press conferences?
Nothing obstructionist
