Get them out!
If you do save #daca include legal dreamers! Only reason I don't qualify is because I'm here legally, yet I can't work when #dreamers can.
Your lies but Chucky
Sorry Chucky!They're still ILLEGAL ALIENS who got great educations at the expense of those waiting on Legal Alien Lists! They should GO Home
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/61/44/67/614467f5e74aba8defc199586973d68b.jpg …
What R U, 12?
Would you care to elaborate?
No U try.
Whatever.
Why do they get to go to school free and I don't??  Oh, it's because.. I'm white, I pay taxes, my parents are legal, I obey the law..thanks!
What about the taxpayers that don't want illegals in the USA! Don't we have rights!! Illegal! Come in the right way or don't come at all
Which is great but did they do it legally or did the rest of us who do things right foot the bill?
Dreamers do it by the law instead of sneaking in I'll welcome with open arms. But illegal is illegal. Do it right.
"Free" college education & "free" resource centers not available to others helps a lot, too.
At what cost to LEGAL citizens??  I Dream of a state that isn't the highest income,school and property tax like your NY Sen Schumer
Don't you think there are enough American 'dreamers' who are looking for work? You say you support us but do more for others.
They r Americans too. Came here as a babies. This country is theirs just like  is yours and English is their first language.
NOPE!

Trump wants to reform immigration. Go negotiate with him and help the dreamers. U could give a little in HC & poss get help for them.
are we supposed to applaud this??  i fuckin sold my house to send my kids to school. Tons of these people live for free, get school for free
Too bad.  Kick them out.  They gotta go.
Wish you would CARE about USAcitizen you Pelosi waters McCain should move out of this wonderful country you hate it so much communist
Part of what made this country great is being trampled on by this God awful Administration
Those days are over. Now they have to legalized and pay taxes! Chuck you're out of here next election
Unfortunately all the free handouts and NYC guarantee his re-election. So bad for NY and America
780,000  legal native born Americans got screwed.
Life isn't fair.  Ask the slowest Gazelle.
Why
The American citizens have paid the bill rather then take care of our own people.   Poor program for working Americans
Who pays the bill for dreamers? 
700,000 X $20/day food = $14 million/day
360 days X $14 million = $5 billion/year
Get the picture Chuck?
guess .you care more about refugees than US citizens
Present a bill, make it the law.
What about the American kids here? No to anchor babies. Who's paying for all this education? Their illegal parents? I think not
All of them don't  "work & study" & go to Stanford Chuck.  At least be intellectually honest about the program even if a staunch supporter.
For 5 years you and your crooked party have tried to shore up your voter base with illegals b/c you cant win on policy SCHMUCKY!!!!!
#MAGA
Chuck can you inform us EXACTLY how much $ this has the taxpaying American citizens. I have a hard enough time supporting my own family
Can we deport you?
IT'S TIME FOR LAW BREAKERS ILLEGAL ALIENS TO GO HOME
Watch your backs dems
All of you are ignorants.Dreamers CANT get benefits to study, they CANT get food stamps or healthcare neither the SS benefits they work for.
Study?  With out of state tuition and only if space is available. Im willing to support at least in state tuition out of pocket.
What about the American Dreamers? They should have preference over foreigners.
how many American kid Dreamers were bypassed by these illegal criminals? Say what Dickwad?
Only one part of DACA is completely agreeable, those who have served in the armed forces have EARNED the PRIVILEGE of American citizenship.
Deport them all. They are using valuable resources that were paid for by tax paying  CITIZENS.
More Medicaid money that went out to the children of Illegal Immigrants.
Holy Crap, what a travesty
That's a lot of democrat votes huh Chucky?
Who is paying their way?
Blah blah blah and in some cases rob, steal, rape, and kill. If dreamers break the law they need to leave
I have 2 say, 4 u 2 b twtn so much lately , u might overtake @realDonaldTrump in tweeting. I had a dream 2 & u ruined it
Not anymore Chuckie your the Dreamer that thinks @ICEgov wont do their job!
#MAGA
Yes the Democrats voted to let them stay so there families would vote Democrat. Its called selling out America and her people.LAWS MATTER!
While millions  of  American citizens have  not had  same opportunity and millions of children  living without  food and  shelter. HYPOCRITE
They had a nice dream! Now they have 2 wake up & go home!!!
No let DACA die, legal immigration only....
No
Despite the shootings,
‘Terminate GOP Group"
remains on Facebook.
Liberal support your hate group!
exactly how much does that equate to in USA tax dollars to support them? all for immigration as long as its legal & they support themselves
Hey chuck y dont u put your head down and run as fast as u can into a brick wall!! It will only enhance your thoughts
Not with my taxes. Do it legally
No more illegal immigrants.  No more anchor babies.  It's just not fair to the rest of us or those who go through the system.
When can we expect a fair playing field on those wishing to immigrate here? Right now it is slanted against Europe.
Just how are these 780,000 dreamers paying for their studies?
...while US citizens who pay taxes are left out in the cold.  Thanks Democrats.
My grandfather had a dream they spit in his face called him names gave him no chances he just ignored idiots that's how easy it is
For 5 years you have allow our laws to protect these illegals. When you're here for as long as these illegals apply for citizenship
And we are sick and tired of paying 4 all that shit.
How about the poor kids born and raised here. They're not Dreamers
Let's not save daca. Let them become citizens
They are already citizens.  Of Mexico.
As long as they do not commit crimes I can agree. Crime = deportation
Since 2008 83,000 legal American coal miners have been put out of work by Democrats. What about their families and dreams Senator?
There is blood on the left hand of America
Time to follow the laws. Dont like the law then change it. Oh you cant because your a minority why is that Majority of Americans dont want U
We have people here US citizens who need help.  Why do you ignore them?
: Chuck you ignorant democrat illegal voter plan is in American . You got to work  to be an American and enter legally .
I want illegals out!
780k illegal leaches and their families were allowed to steal money from hard working taxpayers
please explain which laws we have to follow first? Why have laws if they don't have to be enforced?
You Democrats sure love lawbreakers
Can I take a tax deduction on them??
Felons, not dreamers. They must pay there debt to society and then deport them!
We need to kick Schumer out of this country he is what's wrong with it the disease!!!! The real trader to our country!
Why didn't the @TheDemocrats legislate this back in 2009? It wasn't a priority for you!
Legal immigration only!
@SenSchumer if you'd speak half as nicely about U.S. Conservatives as you do illegals, maybe they wouldn't be attacked as much by your base.
Deport them all. Democrats have radicalized their followers
Illegal is illegal Americans are tired of non citizens using benifits not entitled too
Wow. All @SenateDems saying the exact same thing. Must suck having to have someone tell you what to say
Meanwhile, our children miss out on opportunities hijacked by these parasites...
How many became criminals? Build the wall and stop ruining the country!
THROW THEM OUT
WE DON'T WANT THEM HERE
DACA should be reversed.
DACA "dreamers" have also displaced AMERICAN citizens from their jobs and driven down salaries.  And  Dems want to increase minimum wage!
You can thank Trump he seem to back off on daca. You won't do that. Daca is future voters for democrats.
Yeah screw those American kids who may have dreams.
Don't forget rape, murder, assault, and consume the money from hard working American citizens.
It hasn't gone away. Stop fear mongering!
Folks like you make America. Thank you 
After a certain age, all dreamers need to become legal citizens. It will mean more to them if they do.
Umm
Really so how many of these so called dreamers r in jail gangs or rapists How many have killed innocent Americans How many r on welfare
With taxpayer money, not on their own! Why don't you and like you pay for them?
Yeah!!!!
Why don't you help them find work and study LEGALLY. What's your problem ?
Maybe we should take it up with the 9th Circuit? Oh wait!  There's already a law on the books.
You mean 780,000 illegals to vote for democrats. Get it right Chuck U
great now what about American kids who can't find or get a job. I'm sorry for my insensitivity but really
What told you most Americans don't give a hoot about dreamers. They should be deported with their illegal alien parents, got it!
Dems were deceitful and created hate towards POTUS and his supporters.
Only criminal have to worry of course you protect criminal @SenSchumer your such a fool
Vote or jail your #criminalparty
Schumer can't he's one of the corrupt circles
YOUR NOT PRESIDENT. The last one released Gitmo prisoners to go and fight again for ISIS. You did nothing.
#45 is racially demented and very wicked Bannon's goals of achieving a White Utopia DACA is the onset as Deportation Raids are
I would be fine if people immigrating to the U S. would go through the proper channels to become citizens. Most immigrants are great people.
Yeah. on the backs of hard working Americans (white, bladk, latinos, etc) who don't get a damn cent in return.

Dems party of corruption,hypocrisy & terrorism! Bunch of stuttering idiots
So for 5 years you and the Democrats have harbored fugitives. Got soon to be ex senator. 2018 is comming
But are now too often objects in President's war on immigrants, and so being deported. @OurRevolution researches,texts,supports imms! Join
Illegal immigrants. Not immigrants.  I'm sitethat was a typo on your part.
This why the dems lost the election.Stand up for Americans!
As long as they pay taxes like the rest of us and arn't running around committing crimes I'm all for it senator!!!!
Yes we have plenty of Americans running around committing crimes and not paying taxes.
Hannity reports old angry white man shoots Republicans not a patriot American Muslim
Alex Jones reports Pence planning coup to overthrow Commie Trump
