It will be a permission slip to slash Medicaid and healthcare programs with abandon in order to provide a massive windfall for the wealthy.
Why do you lie! Just how much is Soros paying you to help destroy our economy! And install his insane plan of socialism!
I urge each and every senator to remember that when casting their vote later this afternoon.
Read and RT.
A 'yes' vote on the motion to proceed will lead to a conference with the House, which will certainly lead to a vote on full repeal.

That’s the only thing that the House Freedom Caucus will accept and we all know the House Freedom Caucus is running the House GOP.
They are treacherous and will never be trusted again.
They don't care if u trust them.  Our democratic system just ended.  Today.  It's over.
Mr senator we the people can demand that the idiot @WH be remove   60 of the population did not vote for him  pls
Senator Schumer whatever the healthcare bill turns into plz make sure there are no giant tax cuts to top 1% and giant corporations
Why the top 1% pay most of the taxes, employ people and donate most to charity. Stop saying top 1% likes it a bad word. We all want to be 1%
And they DON'T all donate especially Trump
He sure as hell does!  Get ur facts straight they pay most of the taxes in the US and they donate the most money to charity.
Get rid of insurance. Give people zero interest loans that can be paid back at up to 10% disposable income. Problem solved. #Billforpres
A cancer patient can easily get through $1M a year for a couple of years before they (hopefully) go into remission.
If you base payments on ability to repay like student loans, poor people get basically free care and rich people pay their full bill.
This would halt the economy full stop.
I have a relatively inexpensive cond. By the time I'm 40, I'll have 450k in meds alone. You'd have to forgive my loans and I'm not poor.
How much do you spend on insurance?
The student debt crisis is already tanking many sectors because the gen can't afford to buy houses/big purchases.
Please vote yes I would like my children and grandchildren to live in a free country free of socialism! ACA is the the first step towards it
The only way to progress is through debate. They don't have the votes to repeal, just makes some points, win some political capital.
Make NO mistake, resistance to Repeal will bode bad for politicians in 2018..WE HAVE HAD ENOUGH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
West World
Quit fear mongering..you have NO idea what will happen..it's a MTP to get negotiations going..how do you not understand that #draintheswamp
Are you kidding me?  Do you have Obamacare?  I do and can't afford to use..think before responding to someone you have no idea is a victim..
Okay "victim" prove your a vvvvvvvviiiiicccccttttiiiiim
Prove what?  I really don't care whether you believe me or not..Do you ask all the other thousands of victims to prove it?
You mean a full repeal of our govt. being in the health INSURANCE business.
No he means repeal to give the wealthiest in our country along with insurance companies a massive tax windfall.
Again complete propaganda BS.  I love how wealthy is a bad thing. Better to give tax break to wealthy than tax poor who didn't want ins!!
Oh and also, no, I'm not poor or disabled or on Medicaid or welfare or needy or insured by the ACA. I'm just me....with a conscience!
I'm jaded I've seen to many people lie and cheat the system. The govt is not supposed to support anyone 100%.
Now THAT I totally agree with you on! I literally know a few folks who free load disability and are as capable of working as myself!
Ol Chuckles... use fear tactics much? Not working! I can't wait for the day you get voted out!
People with disabilities are so scared! Their care will suffer greatly. Aaron ring you should be scared as wrll
Trump won't let you down:) He has our best interest at heart. You might not be able to see it yet,but will:)
Sadly I can't believe him. He doesnt tell the truth and appears to be a bully.
Don't mistake confidence for being a bully:) He fighting an uphill battle! He's got your back! Be patient my friend:)
He's let people with disabilities down already
Please explain?
Attempting to slash Medicaid which will severely hurt people with disabilities! Unacceptable!
Its about time we respect the constitution and clean up the mess you created.
Good. It needs to happen.
Thanks Chuck for reminding us it is a great thing
Chuck I have to know so plz answer. Do you read these replies? You should.
No Chuck.  It's a path to a discussion and correction.  Take off your democrat blinders.
Great
That's what we want.
It's about time!!!
Make no mistake: a 'Yes vote on a bill called "OBAMA CARE" Without reading it is called a bunch of idiots trying to push shit on is. SAD
Yay!!!
The only way to get a really fair deal is to make congee and senate have same plans, laws and rules as all Americans
Thank god. Get rid of that crap

I hope Cryin Chuck is right.  Socialized medicine will eliminate access for the hard working Men and Women who Chuck says has to pay for it
Unfortunate i think we all knew that it's the difference between dems & repubs hate so say it repubs get it done regardless right or wrong
Lying crying chuckie #cryingchuckie
The out. STAY FOCUSED
Yeah about time when was it the governments job to tell the ppl they had to have health insurance it should be our decision
Hey chuck, if it is such good healthcare, why did congress EXCLUDE themselves from it? You freakin career politicians. It's time you leave!
You missed one word in there chuckie. You forgot to put to put the word "Barry's" in there before the word healthcare
Fantastic! Ocare is a scam built from the start to fail to go to Single Payer. Detest you! You revolt 65m + Americans
EXACTLY! That's what We The People want! That's why we elected @POTUS! You are NOT listening to us! #RepealAndReplace #RepealObamacare #MAGA
People's now suffering and decided pay between the medication and doctors or paying their bills because premiums are too high.NO OBAMA CARE
It's about time you realize Obama care is DISASTER and people's suffering double the condition plus can't afforded
You gonna cry now...or later Schmucky...i gotta know so i can set my DVR.....
#MAGA

The #ACA did not provide #healthcare. It provided insurance most couldn't afford to use, and thus denied them healthcare, Comrade Schumer.
That's becuz 19 states opted out of OcareMedicaid benefts Alab Geo NC SC SD Tex Ida Vir Okla Misri Mispi Main Neb Wisc Uta Wyo Flor Wisc Kan
That is the plan
Good
So many trolls. Trolls are sad.
Hopefully so. We don't want government run and dictated healthcare.
SURE HOPE SO
@TuckerCarlson @realDonaldTrump Chuck Schumer gets a 330,000 payoff from insurance companies! Google it!
Now to vote u worthless Dems out of office. Ur party is the mistake
Make no mistake, if you sit and do nothing but scream wolf...you will be devoured by your own constituents
You said it, Chuck!  Let the will of the people be carried out!!!
#LetUsLive
That's right Lyin', Cryin' Chuck. You lose again 51-50.
Good.  We want Obamacare gone.
Good!  Repeal the whole Gosh darn thing #ACA is a disaster and destroying people financially! @realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @RandPaul
Chuck your #SaulAlinsky socialist healthcare will not be tolerated in America.
Mr. Schumer any of you in Congress realize what Trump is doing to our government and Country and that he has colluded with Russia
Yes
Yes it is,  sir, and that is what the American people deserve!
We can only hope
It brings the argument to an open floor!
Get on board or miss the boat
Liar.
He'll yeah it is! My premiums went from $399 to $782 with a 20k family deductible!! Because your a true believer your more scary then HRC
#retire you wind bag! We r sick of you and the fake tears...yes we remember that one, bad acting by you! Ha
why does it hurt to discuss? Proves dem are not intrested in helping the average person.
That's right Chuckie. Not all the Dems are on board with you. You are allowing your ego to put your constituents into harms way.
Good
YES!
Thank God
Good u all r not doing shit to fix it I thought your new message was helping middle class lies lies lies
Join in the debate
I pray that repeal is not voted on
Eat a big bowl of warm sh!t Chuck! We want NOTHING to do with U and that crap Obamacare. #RepealObamacare #headclown #DrainTheSewer #MAGA
Your total obstructionist And did nothing to help afternoon disaster with healthcare
Little "Chuckles" Schumer needs to quit drinking the Liberal Kool- Aid!
DUH! It's going to happen in spite of the Left & Special Interest!
It's gone Chuckie like you should be
Obamacare majority are low income hence insurers and gov't huge loss - who's paying to keep this going ?
Are you on Obama care and how much do you pay?
Hell yes & it's about damn time someone finally cleans up the mess u left!!!
Great!!! The Gov should be a Safety Net....NOT Mandate, Control and Manage The entire HC system like dictators & communists have done.
Then STOP THEM
I have one thing to say to those who are for repeal.......pre existing conditions!
Millions were not dying in the streets before the ACA and won't after.
Wrong ! The vote is simply to discuss Health Care. You voted to not discuss Health Care? Unconscionable and unacceptable
And we could have had Bernie
Thank God!
Full repeal of healthcare??? Completely inaccurate. The plan is to repeal Obamacare not get rid of healthcare... liar and liar and liar.
Yay. Repeal the ACA.
If it's so great, explain to everyone why you don't have it!
Yea!
Praise God.  Trump 2016 & 2020. 
Vile. Cruel. Heartless. #SavaACA #NeverRepeal
Finally!  Sweet baby jesus maybe I'll finally be able to afford my Healthcare again
U mean that? (Kinda sounds like blasphemy) R U in 1 of 19 states that opted out of Obamacare Medicaid benefits? Harder in those states now
Shame on McCain
What everyone fails to see is it isn't the insurance companies it's the providers and no one will fix that!
No kidding.  Very disappointed in McCain.
It should be repealed ! Every one that voted for ACA should be impeached for violating their oath of office. Healthcare not Fed's business!
Yaaaaaa
One word. YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. Tired of losing yet dems? No worries. You'll get used to it. Oh wait. May already be....
Reject this shameful bill that takes health care from millions. #SaveTheACA
#SaveTheACA
Make no mistake. Any vote opposite what fake-tears votes for is a step in the direction of making America great again
Whats wrong with a full repeal? Everything was better before u old bags got involved U Dems want 2 kill us all like poor little #CharlieGard
This is factually incorrect.
Ur right a one payer system controlled by the government is really doing wonders for Europe #NoG20
Oh nonsense. Who u trying to kid. Ur just afraid of truth. Mid terms can't come soon enough to put more Rep. in that represent the people.
Why don't you contact your Twitter critics & hold a town hall meeting? #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder is that covered under O'care
You're not supporting Americans, you're supporting the people who gave you donations insurance companies. They're making a fortune with OC.
#liberal #hypocrites
Private insurance across state lines, tax deductible hsa, and premium pymts,
Medicaid block grants to states has to be at the top of the list. With strict restrictions similar to the Republican 1996 welfare reform.
Yes!
Cry me a river Chuck.
Full repeal!!!!!!!
Same o'll BS
It's not a repeal of healthcare. It's a repeal of a government policy. Let US choose what kind of healthcare we want. Not YOU!
You've been disappointing because you have no alternative healthcare plan to offer, plus say nothing about POTUS continuing to hammer AG.
Good, glad to see it go
It's about damn time. Enough of this farce of socialized healthcare.
You should rephrase that Sen. A yes vote is a vote toward full repeal of FAILED TOO COSTLY OBAMACARE
Yes! Finally
@ananavarro Just thought you should know
How can our country stand for this! I am so disheartened!
#Obamacare is failing the American people, crafted and pushed through by your party. As it fails, why would you oppose #FullRepeal?
There's 19 states that opted out of OcareMedicaid benefts Alab Geo NC SC SD Tex Vir Missri Misspi Maine Neb Wisc Okla Utah ...   Blame them
Sorry, individual rights and decisions. Collectivism doesn't work. Back to @RepSwalwell Why will you not work to fix broken HC?
And we all hope it does. ObamaCare cost me a mint deductible unaffordable.
Chuckles just do your job for the American people..and stop with the Demo ass lies
Thank god you've seen the light! Welcome to reality chuckles. Oh wait, not what you meant. #clown
Yeah. Goody
Yes!  It's crashing around u and u ignore it because it was your king Obamas key legislative win.
GOOD!!!! IT WAS A CRAP HEALTHCARE.
Repeal Chuck.  No replace
THATS THE PLAN 
Really?!?  All of the healthcare gone?  Gonna round up the Dr's and put them on the train.
Thank goodness
YAY!!
IT'S ABOUT TIME!!
OBAMACARE IS IN A DEATH SPIRAL!
STOP YOUR SCARE TACTICS ON WE THE PEOPLE MR.SCHUMER!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
LOL, WHICH IS WHAT THE WHOLE PURPOSE WAS. DEMOCRATS DESTROYED HEALTHCARE.
You can bet your Ass it is!
Elections have consequences, Schmuck Schumer
Sweet
Sorry Chucky! But you Democrats are the ines who created this mess in the first place! Be a man for once and own it!
Thats right. Full repeal of a poor excuse and unfulfilled promises. Obamacare has failed the american public. Repeal it now!
Trump voters are employed. Don't worry about them.
Does this guy ever get tired of hearing himself talk?!
I think they know that Chuckie Term Limits Scum-mer (Not a spell error)
I pray you're right, Chuck
R U Christian  If yes See Mk 9:42 Mt 7:15-27 Jn 14:1-24 Mt 25:31-46 Lk 10:25-37 Mt 22:34-40 Careful who U follw  mak sur U kno Jesus' rules
That's exactly what all the people that elected Trump @Potus want. Now go cry in a corner.
You mean all the idiots that voted a crazy man into office !  This is real test to our democracy someone like him getting elected. , Ughhh
I feel the same way about Obama. Glad Trump is undoing his crap.
Not his crap. The people need HC.First time any politician coalesced a group of lawmakers to get something done in terms of social justice.
Hillary lost, get over it. She's too old and sick to run again. Kamala 2020?

Make no mistake...THIS is what you should have been talking about instead of throwing @HillaryClinton under the bus...DO YOUR JOB!!!!!!!
This is fascism at work. Get used to it our democracy is dead. Voting on an empty bill because it was passed by a black man
Yep. That's what we need! Ocare was and is a big lie n scam by Libs like u n Obama!
U, who wants to wrk w/Reps, nothing more than bs! Today, u & ur fellow Dems NO, meant u do NOT want to wrk for the American ppl who pay u!
Yippee
Well Chucky America is proceeding. Btw it's parh to repeal OCare, Dems mess not healthcare. Everyone can have healthcare. #MAGA beats Better
You are misguided!
Help @POTUS & give America what we demanded in 2010, 2014, 2016. Millions of us can no longer afford insurance! You want %100 medicaid???
And don't forget your colleague "hero" #McCain helped with the paving
These "POTUS" strong arm tactics are disgraceful. Threats Intimidation, public shaming! Screw this President and bend over Republican MORONS

Make no mistake: failed ACA /not helping Americans. Like @SenSchumer it has done nothing to make life better for Americans. #MAGA sch resign
I sure hope so! Oboma care needs to be repealed in full.  Liberals need to learn how to wipe their on ass instead of hard drives.
#medicare4all
Let's do it!!!
That's the best thing that you typed all day
Time 2 buy stock in Desitin b/c the Far Left can't seem 2 stop crapping their pants. Move on & serve your People. All Lives Matter, inc ours
#thankgod ur bill 9 yrs ago has been #destroying the #middle class & #workingclass families #RepealAndReplace #Chuck
Hey, Chuck Just shut up and go away! What a big mouth.  Don't you get tired of being so negative?  Not good for the soul.
Spectacular!!!! Although I'm sure you meant O'care......
Sorry for the millions who didn't vote rep. But I wish everyone of their voters who had ACA to lose their insurance They asked for it Period
I just saw Mc Cain arriving in a private plane. It that kosher?
Exactly what the American people have been asking for.  #obamadontcare is on its last leg!
#ProtectOurCare
Time to move forward Chuck... make your amendments...
That's exactly what I was thinking.  And it's about time...
What a sad day for America.
Good
I thought Dems wanted to debate have input to the healthcare bill. I am confused by your tweet

#FullRepeal
Chuck, please translate clearly for us. What does the vote to proceed make happen, and what doesn't it do? I'm unclear. Not the bill itself?
