- congress passing that bill was a just waste of everyone's time and taxpayer money
You're being dramatic the GOP did not issue execution of Americans. Everybody's speaking out of fear and we just need to fix the problem
No No No
SHE HAS NOTHING TO SAY TO THAT

LOL TYPICAL DEMOCRATIC RESPONSE 
NONE PATHETIC
Too late the Democrats already drank all the kool-aid

Trump has divided this country and introduced hate more than any president. Call out his naive voters. @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Obamacare is a fraud
It was based on lies
"your premiums won't go up"
Regulations make it harder on insurance! ACA is bankrupting the insurances because of pre existing condition clause!
Scary feeling as I live with epilepsy & narcolepsy. Meds approach 30,000+. See you heaven. @RepJasonSmith @MoGov @GovGreitens @TheView
Price what you are saying. #lair
Everyone else has to pay with no lapse.  Consequences for poor life choices is not my problem. You pay for it.
What life choices did people w/ T1 or cerebal palsy, MS or Congenital Heart Disease make?
Your neighbor has no moral obligation to pay for any illness you have and neither does the Fed Govt
So you have already abandoned your initial "poor choices" argument? I didn't ask what my neighbor is or is not obligated to pay for.
Context might be your issue however these folks have treatment available with no tax payer subsidies.
That was not your initial assertion now was it. You made an easily refuted assertion & simply cant defend that assertion.
Obamacare was the fraud and you and dems lied!
Yes they did, either we vote them out or get them to stop sitting on ass & get to work like we pay them to do. Not tell us what is best 4 us
This is their chance to redeem themselves or face losing more seats in house and senate because the ppl have had it with lies & self gain

Some brave DA should indict them for "Conspiracy To Commit Murder!" For that is exactly what they have done! The repugs are gutless cowards!
That's what it was under Obama care read the bill then blame
Schemer is a fraud and a useless politician
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump 

LIAR LIAR LIAR

IS THE LAW NOW. Always has been.
#MAGA
.@SenSchumer There would be no vote at all if you and .@HouseDemocrats .@SenateDems .@BarackObama hadn't messed up #ObamaCare so bad. #MAGA
probs with aca due to gop obstruction trumpcare is tax cut for wealthy not healthcare
How is it a cut for the wealthy? They have $ to pay monthly fee & copays that are too high. It is mid & low income that cant afford ACA.
Yes great we pay 500 a mnth, but also have to pay first 7000 to 13000 before insurance pays excpt on physical which cost  <500. So =No bnft
They should be ashamed!
we arent - you should be ashamed what Obamacare destroyed my healthcare - can't afford to see my doctor -
You know making accusations without proof is called alander. The FBI CIA NSA DIA AND great Britain say there's no evidence. Stop the lies
Any GOP rep who supports this travesty is pro-death. #VoteNoAHCA
True it is the Dems on this, you been deceived. Did u know they wanted 1 INS comp & once done the GOV will cntrl it & will pick who gets HC
Sorry, but the only one who is deceived is you. If GOP cared about healthcare they would've worked 2 improve it. I'm not interested in lies.
So would the DEMS but the didn't either. They sat on their bums just as GOP did but who had ability to sign the final paper Obama which =dem
yes it does
The drain in the swamp has backed up. @gop is the party of the heartless. Undeniable. Death=money for wall. @POTUS44 @HillaryClinton @MoGov
"If it was made explicit that the rich pay for the poor and the healthy pay for the sick, the law would never have passed"- Jonathan Gruber
Obamacare did not let me keep my doctor. My premium and deductible went up .
Admit Obama  care  does not work.
aca should be fixed trumpcare premiums will go up for several years much less coverage
Obamare was a fraud. Time to go ....
You can be a might Titian if you truly want to help the U.S. ppl. When U refuse to work with others that means U only care about what U gain
It does ! Go read it four eyes!
Lying Chuckie schumer at it again
Millions have no insurance because of Obamacare.  Where have been while the middle class has suffered?
Chuckie, States are taking the responsibility of establishing subsidies 4 the chronically ill. That's as it should be. You're a fear monger
liar stop lying , I guess you cannot get anywhere with the truth.  It is a lie, preexisting condition  will not be hurt.
Yep...keep fighting the Anti Health Care Act/Trump care
what's the fraud part?
If ObamaCare is so great why did Chuck Schumer exempt himself from it? #RepealTheLie
DOESN'T LYING BOTHER YOU?  HYPOCRITES
Truly amazing that you know what is contained in Trumpcare.  When you did not know what was in Obamacare or how to pay for it.
I WAS on medicaid now denied can't afford insur thru job...resigned myself to FACT that I could DIE while this FOOL is n office
Chuck Schumer is a fraud and an insult to the American People. Senate aides read and interpret all laws for Chuck. He'd knows nothing.
Schumer is a fraud and a disgrace to the US Senate.
You mean you Democrats actually read this bill
The balls in your court now.  Come on. Make us proud
Arrogance of powet
All Unaffordable care act is, is an ALYNSKI scheme to bring us to single payer socialized med. Control people's healthcare U control life
No Obamacare was a fraud you guys past it without even reading it remember what Nancy Pelot see said
Yes it is. Continue to fight for us @SenSchumer! #VoteNoAHCA
20 million chose last NOT to be covered by Obama care. Why do denwits insist on supporting the former president. He was the worst president!
Sickest are covered
Oldest on medicare
Poor on medicaid
Children on S Chip!
Pre-existing covered
Lower premiums 
Lower deductibles!
Liar
SHUT UP
Chucky you are the fraud
Your saying no pre existing conditions under Trump care while conservative opposition to Trump care is exactly that. Who is lying hmmm
You are a cry baby it most certainly does Do you know what's really an insult to the American people, it is you & the Democrat Party
Thank you, Senator Schumer. I'm a New Yorker and I'm grateful you have our backs on this.
I am sorry but you been deceived. Once all states has 1 INS the GOV will cntrl it & will dictate who gets HC & who gets hospice 2 make way
I can't  get help with  my MS,under Obama  Care,when I had a choice  I had what I needed ,
U and dems are an insult and fraud to the American people.End obamacare its failing and no choices. High premiums & deductibles Can't use it
Another lie Chuckie crybaby.  Obamacare was the fraud & u put it it on us.  We will not forget. Vote put every dem out.  Repeal & Replace
#TrumpCare Kills People #RepublicanJihad on American healthcare
So present alt ideas and ways to fix instead of just obstructing. Dem party is dead unless you change strategies.  We're counting on you!
Can't be any worse that the fraud we call Obamacare and has been hurting millions including myself for 7 years now...seez
Your an INSULT to New York. @mfay1957 @marklevinshow
Don't worry Chuckie. Trump will retire from the Presidency in 2025. Sure hope you are gone by then.
Remember the Michelson story.
YOU ARE THE FRAUD.
And the ACA isn't really insurance. So what's your plan? The ACA is entering the latter stages of cancer so don't say fix, not possible
Well neither did Obamacare so we'll be no worse off if you're right. We hope you're wrong though.
What a waste you are! Lies one after another! Glad I am not a democrat how embarrassing for our nation you are
IF MY CHILDREN ACTED LIKE YOU DEMS ARE DOING-I WOULD SPANK THEM AND SEND THEM BED.
Pester Senate repubs., MANY don't like TrumpCare, it  won't pass Senate.  IMPEACH Trump. U hv plenty of reasons to do so.
Yes it does. READ IT CAREFULLY. PLUS the plan you & PELOSI shoved down our throats was NEVER no more than a pack of liesman
Oh look what Mr. Bastion of liberal logic has to say.
It's not Trumpcare! The fraud is Obamacare/ACA. Remember you can keep your doctor, etc.... All Dems can do is obstruct and complain.
Yes it does Schumer!
Done in the middle of the day not at midnight on Christmas eve when no one was watching. #MAGA
Get people A FRIGGEN JOB SCHUMER!!! YOU ARE A FRAUD!!
Read the details of the bill.
please put out plan how to fix Ocare!!!  we need to know!  all we hear is that it is dead/disaster etc
Everybody was legally tasked with getting health care, who are the people you are talking about?  Your just being an obstructionist.
Why don't you care about your constituents who were going broke on Obamadoesn'tcare.
My son's bill 4 emergent helicopter ride $51,000. A yr's salary. Ins doesn't cover. Unacceptable. Yet u do nothing. Shame.
What is a fraud & an insult to the millions of Americans is why Govn't got into Health Care. Only saw ACA as Tax Revenue and is a  fiasco.
Why don't the Democrats get off their asses and be part of the solution to fix OBUMMERCARE! Not bitch & snivel with endless rhetoric. FIX IT
Watch out Chuckie, perfect description of yourself, fraud and an insult to our intelligence.
Obamacare is imploding And it at least devolves some power back to states We don't want single payer & at least this moves away from that

The obstructive pimps are all awake. This people are only about their power. They know Obamacare was collapsing, but won't tell you. Frauds
There should be a cost to people wait to buy insurance til they get sick just cover those changing companies because of losing insurance
You and the rest of Democrats are morons. No one should be forced to pay a failure Healthcare plan.. Obamacare  sucks and you do too
they just make up pre-existing conditions as it suits them, don't forget anyone 10 Lbs overwt or more they won't insure at all either
Your lying. You can pay for whatever coverage you want. Right?
#Sellout Democrats are an Insult https://twitter.com/justicedems/status/859970857191571456 … #HR676 #BernieCare
Fight against #AHCA. Fight for #MedicareForAll. 
Ocare charged millions of hard working Americans mandates! Money they could have used to visit a doctor. U were a part of that! #retirechuck
God is real.  Quran 19 mathematical miracle.  Google it.  God knows what you are thinking.
So you are still at it, Senator? Criticizing & insulting our President instead of WORKING to make sure healthcare improves for Americans?
Trump voters of the Rust Belt! Hospitals will slam their door on your faces as you tumble down their steps and bleed. Your Vote, Your Health
John Solomon Circa News 4th Amendment violations in
Obama NSA 300% increase in EFFORTS AGAINST
35000 Americans unmasked in Trump candidacy.
Then maybe you should have made your party let the people be heard rather than pushing your queen on a country that didn't want her.
Shut up Snapperhead!!
Obama care was a fraud and people are paying for it now. Fix yourself
Really so what was the 138 billion for Senator?
IMPEACH, PRISON FOR  REP., COMEY, CHAFFETZ, RAND RUBIO, GUILANI, GINSBURG, FLYNN, RYAN, MCCONNELL CHAO ADMINISTRATION WITH PUTIN
Sorry Chuck #Obama lied to us. I trust President #Trump here's A Montage Of Obama Lying About #Obamacare https://youtu.be/HoYnY13YsYU  @YouTube
You will lose again. #fakenews
The only Fraud here is You ,Pelosi,Feinstein
#Obamacare is a fraud and an insult to Americans who can't afford the sky high premiums and ridiculously high deductibles. #DNCCorrupt
"Trumpcare" does NOT exist!!!
Socialists always inventing fake news.  Obamacare DID exist and was a total socialist failure.
Yes it does there is a fund for them stop lying @SenSchumer
You should be ashamed for being untruthful!!! It's got to the point where you have lost all credibility!!! No credibility =No reelection
Better read the bill before you open your mouth to get your ass kicking
#lyingschumer
Please - let's get this messaging right, Trump is gone after 2020 This is #Republicare
You are a fraud and an insult to our intelligence!
Prove it! All you do is assume.......PROVE IT.  get out the spread sheets......come on lets go!
Your the frs ud to your own people everybody else knows your a fraud already
Need to pass the bill to find out what's in it  We found out what's in it.  Shit.  High premiums and deductibles and companies pulling out
Please don't let it pass. Diabetic, cancer etc will not be able to handle the cost. There for it is a dead wish to all Americans
Liar.  Yes it does protect pre-existing conditions.  Great choices.  We are saved from failing obamacare disaster. Companies bailing out.
Winning.  Repeal & Replace Obamacare.  Great for Anerican families.  Real choices on the way.  Our great POTUS cleaning up dems lying mess
Liar
Nothing is better than Obamacare! High premiums and high deductibles... What's so f*ckin about that? Nothing! Obamacare needs to go!
What was an insult was u & @SenGillibrand telling we could keep our plan when you KNEW we couldn't #nocredibility #liars
At least one of my PCs is the result of my service. "Good luck with that" says the GOP
Keep telling all the weak-minded that...you're a liar  and are NOT for the American people!  Chuckie Schumer!
You know all about being a fraud "Senator" Schumer.
Now it's up to the Senate to protect the people. #shameonGOP
Schumer one of the worst liars to ever hit the streets. He wouldn't know the truth if it smacked him in the face
WE HAVE OBAMA TO BLAME FOR THIS MESS - WITH HIS CRAPPY HEATH CARE ALOT OF PEOPLE CAN'T PAY. SHOULD HAVE LEFT HEATH CARE ALONE. AS USUAL U FU
Stop lying Chuck. Ever think Dems aren't hurt from Obamacare?  It's NOT political..so act like a MAN & not a snowflake
Lies as usual. Place the race card while u are at it. Haven't heard that one for a few days.
Thanks for your mentorship with all of your constituants and the public.
NOT true. It COVERS pre-x conditions. It does NOT allow morons to only by insurance if they get sick and then stop paying premiums when well
Rename it from #Trumpcare to #RepubliDontCare so that all of the GOP will be tied to it!!
Pre-existing conditions that YOU, Schumer, allow to happen because YOU IGNORE the #MicrowaveWeapon assaults reported by #TargetedIndividuals
Chucky time to go night night. You said too much todaynothing. 107 days doing nothing. Replace Chucky for a new model
Why are you lying
No Chucky you are a fraud and an insult
yes it does quit spreading lies Chuck have you no shame. We know your liar
Yes it does and much cheaper than Obamcare ever could you Democrats got some nerve you broke the system and now stand in the way of fix.
And when it doesn't work out, it will be Obama's fault!
It's o'loser failure to begin with. I'd just let it defund and watch libs run for cover
