And again Chuck that's what we voted for in the last election when r u going to get it
33 states ..... seems like a majority to me
Look at the dead voters ...lol ....Detroit had more Votes than voters ... ...

Good!
No nominations from a Potus under FBI investigation should be considered. Simple as can be!!
but POTUS isn't under investigation - stop lsitening to CNN's lies and BS ....lmao
Listening*** and ok thanks for the reply! Be sure to go back to Fox News and infowars to get your daily dose of propaganda 
We support Judge Gorsuch you should too and you did in 2006 - STOP with the petty games -
Dem ethics are situational. All truth is relative. Don't expect them to be consistent.
The ppl Gorsuch rulings will affect are not AVERAGE AMERICANS, they are Lib/Dem Nut Jobs! It's gonna be a bumpy ride, you'll need a drink!
@the_real_neecy  GOP doesn't care about the avg citizen, just the rich ones. Avg citizens don't give them millions or big gifts
Can you say George Soros? Palousy? Hillary? Bill C? They give or take millions of dollars, or don't you know them (Dems all).
Please, enough of your partisan rhetoric.
So glad you are my Senator.
Sen Schumer that's y we just had an election, elections have consequences, your side lost get over it or get out of the way #MAGA
Bingo! Exactly RIGHT!
That's a good thing, Chuckyou very much!
Yes...in a good way for every non progressive leftist socialist democrat, which is why Clinton lost and Trump won. Consequences...
Yep.
That's why he is the man for the job.
Chuck, he will uphold the constitution. He is not going to make the laws. Take a chill pill. Stay on the job and work.
As have the liberal judges so acted negatively on all of us, and that is U.S. Are you Harry Reid re-incarnate...?
Dems are all interchangeable. They do group-think, if you want to call it thinking. They are driven by power, power, power, control, control
@JuddApatow From U Sen Schumer, that sounds like a warning-From the right that sounds like a threat. Either way, I'm frightened.
You need to step down Chuckie ,, you lack class and are all Ass with no business hindering the USA from doing what is right
How would you know what an average American life is like.  You have been in gov't since your 23.....
Oh Really Chuck.  What would that be? Please, tell us.
2006 you seemed ok with the guy.  What changed?
U r out of option. Tell Mitch the Dems will use gov shutdown as the response to his invoking nuke option.
Greater
Reading Syrian news saying Obama carried out similar attack on another AF in September. Why no crying foul then? You are a tool Chuck.
BS.He is an honorable man with morals. Your circle jerk of resist resist resist is spewing your hatred for Trump.Everyone can see through it
And, you know what? They don't care. Stop the elected non-Dem what ever the cost integrity & morals be damned.
Whats the issue here? Mitch can't nuke Supreme Court Nominee Filibusters. If he tries, throw Democracy at him!
Yes! Make Mitch act like Dirty Harry Reid; oh, no, he's already acting that way.
we want to know trump ties to election.
Hold ur ground.  Let the .@SenateGOP sink their own ship if they go nuclear.  At least u r on the right side of history #WeAreWithYou
Party of No. 
Garland
...goes on Christmas Trees. What does that have to do with anything?
Eight years of Obama, two Supreme Court Justices picked with hardly any opposition. It's time to protect the Constitution.
According to your picture, if I'm drunk, you look like a dog.
I'm your constituent and thank you for voting no on Gorsuch. Ditto for @SenGillibrand.
#StopGorsuch #filibuster #holdthefloor
You should never admit this!
Great!
Please fight against him!! We don't need him in the Supreme  Court!!
And your side lost the election.  Elections have consequences. Who said that?
Time to get dissenters like Sens. Manchin, Heitkamp, and Donnelly in line, Mr. Minority Leader?
He is probably too shocked at the fact that not every single Dem thinks exactly alike! He is incapable of dealing with such a situation!
I'm an average American and you Democrats are what's wrong with America. Sit down and shut up! Everything you all touch is a disaster.
AMEN
Can't take your own medicine? Pathetic baby. What Obama said was true: Elections have consequences, remember? Hope U R right about Gorsuch.
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.
Let's see the effect of DJT's NEXT 2 carte blanche appointments. Your life is about to change into your worst nightmare. Bye bye
I hope Trump gets to appoint two more to the Supreme Court- you won't be chucking then!
Thank goodness....now if we can just get one or two more
So you're saying the 4 liberal judges decisions could not have these same consequences? If u don't like it, Amend the Constitution.
Im avg. i liked the way things were before Obama just fine. Men used the MENs room.
Shut up!
Yes and it's about time
At this point, WHAT DOES IT MATTER!
Rather than fear mongering why don't you explain these these consequences you speak of. I know you're too much of a coward to respond!
No shit smuckie
Yes Chuckie isn't that great? #retirechuck #MAGA
thank God! #MAGA
Yes in a good way
So what the hell you ans the democrats going to do about it? Nothing.
In other words boohoo, we didn't get the judge we wanted to shift the court to the left and the balance still remains
Thank God, someone that will finally confine his ruling to the law and Constitution.
Amazing how Bill, Hillary, and now Rice can constantly break the law but never go to jail?
Lock them all up! Your next Chuck!
Another of Trumps plagiarizing, unscrupulous slanted politicians being jammed down our throats. Anti female legislator for women's month
There are a group of losers in this country who have nothing but a vote. They have no life, job, career nothing and they blaim everyone esle
Look in the mirror. You have become what you hate.
tenth cir crt no.15-6096 is now at supreme crt guess who came from and going to same places? pray you discover prophecy
The Supreme Court is the Democrats last chance for power grab.
Judges are supposed to follow the law not rewrite it!!! Chuck, we don't need another Kagan
Yes, isn't that great.... Chuckie?
Yes, in a good way. 
With Gorsuch it will be harder for liberals to take comtrol of people .
And the philosophy of the Left is the correct? is Your judicial philosophy The correct one?
Gorsuch is the one this country needs as a distinguished member of the #SCOTUS Encourage members of the Democrat Party to vote for Gorsuch
And he is qualified. Obama and Clinton both agreed on his last promotion. Why are you so stuck in the mud?
Obama and the DEMS have created this whole Mess! The LEFT keeps pulling you further Left and you allow it. America doesn't want this.
So Schumer, STOP being a hypocrite. You keep embarrassing yourself. You don't have a CLUE about morals or values. Dems have none!
You forgot to add the change "for the best"
LOL  Like Obama has said before....   "Elections have consequences" and if Hillary had won, she'd be putting in another Far Left Judge!
Move on. petty argument. There is no evidence 2 support that he would be horrible for liberal ideals compared 2 anyone else from the GOP.
This is NOT OK - illegitimate President, illegitimate Supreme Court Judge; ILLEGITIME COURT!!!!
Tomorrows headline: Democrats Donors get What They Paid For - Gorsuch Wins Senate Approval - 60 Vote Threshold Eliminated.
The law must be followed not what is best for the Americans. Follow the Constitution. Main Street Judge according to U is Democratic thinker
Don't let your politics lead you straight into the pits of hell. If your politics don't line up with the word of God,
Uneedafaithcheck!
Better than Liberal justices politicizing the court and making laws that the Congress can't or won't change.
"Senators, all of you know that Gorsuch will be a good justice. He deserves to be confirmed...If you... quash the filibuster, that's on you.
Chuckles The Obstructor...Have you been practicing?  SCOTUS Neil Gorsuch...SCOTUS Neil Gorsuch...SCOTUS Neil Gorsuch..rolls off your lips!
Chuck needs to go! He does nothing for the American people. 8 years of obama have produced a non working government.
You lie, cheat, steal, blackmail and since. You call it politics for self gain You are headed to hell if you don't repent 
Uneedafaithcheck
STOP partisan filibuster of SCOTUS. Just because he believes in rule of law and upholding the constitution. Shows U R partisan HACK!
Barry left USA military impotent small & broken FACT US will b useless in Syria Barrys gifts keep on giving 2 Isis well beyond his tenure
But Chuck is above "average" so he's got nothing to worry about. Total slime bag.
#nuclear
No sir not "average"
Only if you live in New York or California!
Schumer's Wall - STOP TRUMP'S AGENDA, if the Democratics can't have it - nobody can! Right Chuck
Chuckie the hypocrite has done ZERO to improve America during the last 80 days.. Nothing but an Obstructionist!
Trump should not be able to appoint a Judge in his last year,lol
"utter bunk," so you say 
Maligning a fine judge like Gorsuch is the perfect example of the bi partisan venom spewed by the Dems.  Vote them out in 2018 & unite USA.
and so will the 8 others already on the bench. Stop acting like a 5 year old who can't have another cookie. Flyover America wants this.
Well then maybe you shouldn't have nominated him for the 10th circuit.
You can't handle the truth Schumer! You mean he follows the LAW and not your political AGENDA!
I'm not the sharpest knife in the draw but sharp enough to cut through your bullshit
In 2018, 23 Democrats are up for election, vote them out & remove this obstructionism to our government.  They R responsible 4 our division.
Americans have listened 2 the hearings. It is perfectly clear, this is a qualified man who is being vilified by whinny Dems.  Vote em out 18
I thought there were eight other judges on that court how does one man have so much power
About to go nuclear!
Stop obstructing @SenSchumer #Gorsuch will have good consequences on we the ppl!
Yes they will and thank GOD for Judge Grouch _ time for Clown @chuckschumer to b removed_ looking forward to confirmation of Judge Gorsuch
yes it will, God back in America! Women pay, not taxpayers for abortions! Illegals/refugees do not rate free stuff on our backs
Trump last week:"Not focused on Assad leaving power." This week: Assad gasses his own people! What are you going to do about Trump?#Assad
Good
You are being childish. Please stop the pettiness and do something about taxes, healthcare, and pressing problems we are facing.
You & Jeff Merkley make this country weak
"Fifteen years ago, Charles Schumer picked a fight over judicial nominees. This week, Mitch McConnell is ending it for good."~politico
Thank you, sleezy Schumer for starting this Senate filibuster. Demwits have had too much power in the Senate for too long! Thank you! Drinks
voted for you every election...never again. You are a dishonest bullshit artist. Just say it's political payback for garland.
Suck it up ur party lost based on ur ideas come along side the American people to make America Great Again.Left wing side of ur party wrong
your in the minority. #GorsuchNomination is crucial for real Americans.
Are you saying he will be NUCLEAR? I say go for it. No one could be more deserving of it than you, sir. You lost and I'm happy about it.
Hay crybaby go away
Don't you mean gay, lesbian,  transgender, illegal, far left elitist people Chuckie.
drop the filibuster...you are not representing what New Yorkers want
And keep them true to the greatest country in the world's constitution. What's wrong with that??? You make no sense Chuck.
So great#Putin chooses #45 and #Gorsuch.
sissy chuckie!
Since when has upholding the Constitution been considered a "philosophy". That's ur problem right there, Chuckles. #BullSchumer #bad4America
Duh. That's the point Chuckie
And we are pleased. Bring on the next opening fill it with the same type of justice ! Thank you Harry Reid
Far reaching???? Seems your fearful of a Judge actually following the Constitution. Your actions have consequences. Quit playing games
Yes it will, and we need him to protect against common thugs like YOU and the rest of your disgusting criminal enterprise!
Really whatabout if uDems nominated a liberal judge,such hypocrisy,go retire it's timeto eatsome hay,don't forget totake stretch face pelosi
Your comments are a smokescreen for your petty decision not to support nomination.
Poor Schmuck....are you gonna cry for us Schmuck??? You gonna let that river flow????
oh that he would rule on law not your liberal make up law view
Very likely...due to the political incompetency of this country, lives of "ave Americans" suck...you just can't handle progress, can you?
Really...U could care less about the American people with your OPEN BORDER policy. Give me a break Schumer. Double standard!
We hope it will change as the rights of mainstream Americans are taken away to cow tail to special groups .
Why don't u represent the people instead of ur laughable self?
A LEFT OR RIGHT JUDGE=YOUR SENTENCE WOULD BE THE SAME.?????
This is what the majority of the country wanted. Wake up and stop the corruption in government.Get moving forward for NYS. HIGHEST TAXED
And if far reaching means good decisions based on the constitution for years to come   At least he won't interpret with Lib bias. Retire!
The gentleman is obviously qualified receiving the highest rating from ABA. Foolish not to confirm because of party politics
What about Susan Rice?!?!
Why are the demorats so anti American
Why did Supreme Court block us from seeing Obamas  records from Harvard? Why did Obama use do many social security #'s?
Funny these countries are in the region , their Muslims, yet support trump , it would appear your Muslim bashing claims a hoax like Russia
We need #gorsuch, honesty is #1
 http://www.westernjournalism.com 
/exclusive-investigative-reports/the-mystery-of-barack-obama-continues/
Apparently your a hater, trump got ringing endorsements from Jordan ,,Saudi,,and Egypt , something Obama and Clinton failed
http://www.westernjournalism.com/exclusive-investigative-reports/the-mystery-of-barack-obama-continues/ …
Supreme Court blocked America from information on Obama Harvard records, and passport info. Why?
Proves dems are greedy globalist , not to concerned about all forms of terrorism
I also read your crappy comment on china , yet you kept your mouth shut when Clinton and Obama gave China tax dollars , technology and jobs
Gorsuch getting in so your blather is useless
With that, why in the world is that old hag Ginsburg still on the Court? Not mainstream not of sound mind...
Good. About time we have decent people. Not like you and your sick party
I hope his decisions reflect the law, not what Dems think the law should be
Shut up and vote.
We need a new nominee. #StopGorsuch
Yep and all for the good
The only important argument is that an administration under criminal FBI investigation shouldn't have business as usual
Y want our constitution to change to suit the liberal agenda. Sorry Schumer but that is not what our founding fathers intended.
No just your agenda to take out this country,  your next
He will be on court, regardless of your propaganda haha 
Yup. It sure will. And if you force the nuclear option: the judge that Trump picks to replace Ginsberg will too...
List of judges not Trump's picks. He never heard of any of them. 2 conservative political groups gave him the list. Dude is clueless!
@LouDobbs @seanhannity @rushlimbaugh @SenSchumer Thanks 2 head Clown Chuckie, Gorsuch will get appointed by the Nuclear Option! Thanks CS!
And will any other person you put in that position.... brilliant!
Block him senator at least until trump goes to prison!!
But, if statists weren't depend upon the courts to achieve their goals, then originalists would not be much of a bother.  True?
Shanonlee that's not true ..but if it true than everything that gets put on hold will get passed ..better safe than sorry
All you that voted for trump is fine but you are the average American just like everybody that is writing. Gorsuch will always be against us
