We have heard enough from you time to retire.
The same guy you had zero confidence in your huckster a low con man that anyone with half brain sees
Something every @TheDemocrats called for
Hypocrite
Because you can't accept defeat & work to improve OUR lives rather than yours, @USAGSessions absolutely should review @HillaryClinton case!
https://twitter.com/2alaw/status/862809496145371136 …
It doesn't matter how @SenSchumer feels, his party still has a day of reckoning coming. #DNCFraudLawsuit @observer
He should have been fired on day one, now let's get onto Clinton

Trump did it all for you! You wanted it, you got it!
You tell them @SenSchumer just like you told them on October 31 2016 that Comney was bad and you had no confidence in him. U R a Hypocrite

Use your voice!

Demand an Independent Prosecutor
#TrumpRussia

Phone lines busy?
Text RESIST to 50409

#StayFocused
This is not normal!
You tell 'em, Chuck!

First you hate Comey then you like him. More flip flop
Your fake outrage about Comey being fired just shows how out of touch you truly are!
Our so-called leaders speak
With words they try to jail you
They subjugate the meek
But it's the rhetoric of failure
Bill Braxton to head FBI
Had to happen so the dominos could start to fall hold on the shit is going  to hit the fan soon and you better duck
Hypocrite! Liar!
You ask Him to step down you LIAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This Cover Up Involving Loretta Lynch Just Got More Serious http://www.americanpatriotdaily.com/latest/cover-up-loretta-lynch/ … yes all the information you need Chuck
He was fired - move on! Happens everyday in the real world.
A special prosecutor? Does that mean that you lost faith in the FBI just because Comey isn't there?
Would not waist my time
I would watch, but it's all one-sided crap. So what's the point?
goodbye Comey.he was compromised by the Dems .He had to go.we believe he was blackmailed.cuck you
Dont start crying be a man if you need Amy Schumer she will come running to whoop some ass.
Schmucky...just quit speaking....PERIOD!!!!! NO SANE PERSON WANTS TO HEAR ALL YOUR CRYING!!!!
#MAGA
This is what your DEM friend Hill wanted, now you don't, you are confusing your own words!
Well then you should have heard your false accusation against @Potus/ Russia will cont. so Y did you say it wouldn't. In your above tweet?
Nope! No Crime! Chuck just wants Donations just like all Dems. Money Hungry!
Get back to work and stop this obsessed witch Hunt
Nobody gives a damn what you have to say! Your a out of touch compulsive liar Preying on the weak minded gullible people #draintheswamp
I want to hear from Comey. Not your sorry ass
Chucky that sounds like every President we have ever had. So nothing new here. What's your point?
Why? POTUS can fire anybody wish he could fire you
YOU HAVE NOTHING ELSE TO DO, 30 YEARS OF DOING NOTHING BUT KISSING ASSES OF CLINTONS AND OBAMA
GO TO HELL
Isn't there some legislative business you should be doing instead?

chuck called for Comey to be fired, then cries when Pres Trump does it  Dems shooting selves in foot

Chuck Schumer is an insane, two faced, hypocritical Libtard whiner.Fuck him. He would be publicly denounced by 90's Democrats. Embarrassing.
We know he was let go.. Now can WE move to Charging the JackASS in WH with "Abuse of Power".. Enough talk takes Action! Failing Government.
NOW U CAN CRY !!! YOU CLOWN  !!
wants "The truth" ?  Schumer's tongue would fall out of his mouth if he ever spoke the truth!  Sit down! #Senate
You got that Right
Thank you Senator Schumer. We are counting on you. Keep fighting. You have my full support.

Blah blah blah
Watching U on C-Span2 & love your comment that when Mr. Comey comes next wk he should tell congress & the ppl the whole story LOVE IT
Why is FB telling me I have to be logged in to view? Have to be a member of FB to see my senator speak?
No credibility! What a joke!
What is Congress trying to distract us from with this nonsense? Dems have been calling for him to step down
oxo moron chucky can’t be live
Chuck is on the case and knows Donald well from dealing with him in NY. I belive Trump supported his campaign when he was a Democrat 
Not off the Hook, Chuck.  Don't think that any of this guarantees your future success.  It doesn't.  Cut the String$, or get primaried.
When there is a terrorist attack because of your obstruction you will own it
.
no one cares Chuckie, take you toys and go home
Anyone care?  Buehler?  Buehler?
Class Clown of the White House is speaking.
I didn't see Trump in the video.
You need to shut this shit down do you here me
