the dems DONT CARE ABOUT AMERICANS THEY R DOING WHATEVER THEY CAN TO STALL PRES.TRUMP IWILL NEVER VOTE FOR DEMS AGAIN SORE LOSERS
So if I order a prescription online, & my browser history is sold it's AGAINST the HIPAA law ! PERIOD !!!!!
but it was ok for obama to give away the internet to a outside source?screw you chuck

He'd have to read and understand it.  Don't hold your breath.
Right now that info is with Apple, Google and Facebook. Trump is leveling the playing field. Did u read the bill? I did.creates competition
Trump doesn't care. He has no business being POTUS to begin with. His "picks" are just as incompetent and none of them has a conscience
You use the word 'respect' a lot-my guess-you hate those who disagree with you-is that the kind of respect you practice?
Really. And Trump is a gleaming example of this. Right? As POTUS he's an excellent example of a man. A president? This is not about hating
There are examples everywhere. Factual by the way. He has no business being there. He is picking people who also have no business there
EPA? Good choice. Secretary of State? An oil man. Awesome. Trump refuses to release taxes/financial ties to be transparent about
Conflicts of interest. And so many other things. The hypocrisy is astounding! Yet his followers still think he's as awesome as he does
Senator you have lost credibility as you are bitter partisan . You no longer put USA first nor midstream working Americans .
He thinks the internet is what make Twitter work. He has no clue what this does 
#idiotpresident #ignorance
Thank you Chuck Schumer, for sticking to doing what's right for us!
Liar
Obama rules never took affect. Debate if protections are necessary, but don't act like we are losing something we never had. So dishonest

Not awake, just has her eyes open.
well he signed it. now its time for each state to pass a law overriding this crap
CMon senator. U know tRump doesn't read. They have to mark the page with an X. He has no idea what presidente bannon has him signing
Lies.
U keep telling him what he should do, but u obstruct his every move...olive branches work well.
You have really LOST IT. Ashamed of the Democrat party.
take his pen away from him. Overreach on use of EOs.
Trump should click his heels thrice & start looking for a heart, courage and brain. #Oz

Retire you are senile
Govt already watching and in our lives to much. So what?!
Absolutely agree. This is a HORRIBLE bill.
It's all about love, but my guess is you go to bed at night hating those you disagree with?
Not at all. What makes you think that?
No Chuck the regulation should never have been.
WHAT YOU HIDING SOMETHING? MR.TRUMP DONT NEED YOU TELLING HIM WHAT TO DO.

@SenSchumer it is because of people like you that people like ISIS exist. You are one insipid individual which gives this country a bad name

Liars
WHAT THE HELL HAVE YOU DONE IN THE YEARS YOU HAVE BEEN IN OFFICE BUT WATCH AMERICA B DESTROYED U R NOTHING
He will sign
Let me see if I have this right, Chuck.  There are people who want to make money selling information unlike NSA giving it away?  Novel idea.
Hay Chucky remember what you and Reed did, nunckular
Nuculer vote coming, pay back a b###h
Shut up already. Resign
liar
Blah blah blah Chucky
He won't...although he should...his privacy is compromised as well!
You're such a disingenuous lying POS, Chuckles. Why did dems vote to allow Google, Facebook and others to collect info, but not ISP's? MONEY
Privacy? What privacy? #NSA #NSA #NSA #NSA #NSA #NSA #NSA #NSA #NSA #NSA #NSA #NSA #NSA #NSA #NSA
Where u worried about our #privacy & protecting the #Constitution  when traitor Obama & Lynch pulled this move?
You're not going to get to pick who sits on the Supreme Court ..that's the President's job.  You can try to stop it but we will nuke you!!!
When you lose total power, you don't get your way Senator.
Doesn't matter really.  You can encrypt all your internet browsing data by using plugins like "HTTPS Everywhere" for Chrome.
Senator Schumer this president will destroy this country if not stopped. Keep fighting for http://us.You  have my respect.Thank you
WHY R U WORRIED ABOUT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE'S PRIVACY? OBAMA SPIED ON GERMAN ADMIN, REPORTER ROSEN AND NOW TRUMP AND TRUMP'S TEAM FOR A YEAR
I am sure the Democrats here are protecting their campaign funds from Google and Facebook's monopoly to exploit your privacy.
Uninformed people! Have you NOT seen the ads in your web searches? This simply allows competition from an already existing privacy hole.
Trump only does what will put $ in his pocket or that of his friends. Corrupt!
Hillary has private server hack and you are mute. You are resisting better security and a better economy. Keep it up, it cost last election
So me you are worried about privacy?  Not the case when Obama had "incidental surveillance" on members of Trump team. Or private server hack
It's kind of hard to believe when you oppose everything that the @POTUS says and does. Real wolf vs crying wolf? I will reserve judgement.
why would he do anything for the good of the American people? so far he's only done good for himself.
WE the people need to VETO you
No ones dumber then Obama,Reid,Pelosi and Schumer. What was their net worth before becoming politicians? Reid made 20 million! How'd crooks!
#Trump is trying to give us privacy back. Your boy, #Obama, wanted to eliminate privacy. We aren't falling for #lies from #Democrats.

#MAGA
Amen brother. Can't wait to watch POTUS slash and burn all this big cliff spending. It's disgusting.
You said it, amigo. Hopefully these looney #Democrats become a rare breed in Washington...and then have to look for actual, real employment.
Yeah once he slashes the budget they'll all need jobs. Gotta get rid of this big GOV spending. PBS, Subsidizing farms, all wasteful crap.
Republicans got paid off by telecom companies to do this. Sold out Americans again.
Always. Just so blatant now, it feels like vindictiveness.
Omg! Everyday things just get worse.
If he doesn't, I know lots of smart computer nerds will be rubbing their hands together and trying not to drool as they head for his history
Obama used his pen all the time.  Didn't hear anything from your cry baby left wing loon mouth!
Oh wait... look who's talking...
@Tatterhood54 They should just slip an official looking paper in there. He never knows what he's signing. Just likes the pomp.
please resign now
please resign now and then I will be happy to see you gone
youre a LIAR @SenSchumer & the rest of your #DEMocRAT cronies. @NBCNews @FoxNews @PressSec @seanspicer
Retire
Hey CHUCKIE your Dems are bailing on you, GORSUCH WILL GET THE JOB 
REMEMBER  @AnnCoulter advice to Republicans - if Chuck Schumer is smiling, Vote NAY!  chuckie could care less about the U.S.
More importantly. What's with #SusanRice She lied about a video causing the Benghazi deaths AND unMasked DEMS ARE SO BAD 
don't believe this LIAR!  ATT already sells it; bill helps defeat $oros
AT&T Is Spying on Americans for Profit,
GOP always vote to make exploitation legal.Sadly their voters don't think it'll happen to they & when it does they blame it on minorities
Why don't the libtards tell the whole story.
If Liberals hate this country so much, why not move to Russia, Syria, North Korea, or Iran, they need Liberal help?
He won't. He is an asshat.

President Trump should do what obama did. He will use his pen to for executive orders.Just like Obama did with Democrats.
Like you give a shit??? You let Obama surveille Americans...you are such a hypocrite.  I can't stand listening to your vomit.
Stop lying Chuck you Dems made a mess under Obama now shut up and get out of the way so the grown ups can fix it
I agree, but this bozo of a President won't.
Liar
You shouldn't filibuster Gorsuch! You voted for him in 2006. Nothing has changed but Trump. Stop the foolishness!
Maybe Monday morning you can start looking into Hillary, Bill, John others we aren't sure of that have received millions of $ from Russia?
no, we should veto you
Of course he SHOULD but he probably won't, because that's what he wants. He's an authoritarian figure - just another power trip. #RT #18C
Why don't you just go away
HaHaHa, like he cares. I hope somebody buys and exposes his browsing history!
Wrong liar
You know he won't.  If it protects us, he gets rid of our protections.  He colluded with Russia, he doesn't care about us!  Impeach!

Holy Cow, For Once, Im in agreement with you !
If you'd quit complaining and come up with real solutions other than obstruct and delay maybe just maybe the country can heal and be one!
If you weren't such an obstructionist maybe you could talk to POTUS and make a deal.  You act like your in charge. Far from it, your the ML
Wonder what's in his history?
Maybe he'll forget to sign it and walk out confused!!
click!
(((CLICK))) OF OBAMA'S PEN AND WE HAVE DYSFUNCTIONAL HEALTHCARE
We have to pass it before you can know what's in it! Fun being on other side, huh? Paybacks are hell!
Does he even know that's allowed? Does @jaredkushner or Bannon have to give him permission?
He will not do the right thing. Of course the house and the senate didn't either. Where will the line finally be drawn with the GOP?
Truth.
Surely he will  understand people should not have their medical information exposed.
If you say no Chuckie ,we say yes , get used to 8 years of terror , MAGA ass
@realDonaldTrump will not click his pen as our internet privacy is what he wants to control.
Fortunately you are not the President, you would sell the country and the American people down the river.
but he won't. Going try to by political capital with the Repugs
More lies from the hateful Schumer.
Yes
He @realDonaldTrump should do a lot of things: govern, lead, build bipartisan coalitions, protect the poor, be truthful and trustworthy,...
ISP's already sell your data, this expands it to private companies. It's capitalism not privacy. Set up a VPN or google how .
The President will sign the bill. Chuck, you are the last person anyone wants to hear from. If you are against it, it must be good.
@realDonaldTrump VETO #Broadbandprivacy
Highly doubt he will do that...he's on the side of corporate America.  Period.
I want the browsing history of @realDonaldTrump
If government takes away our privacy THEN INTERNET SERVICE NEEDS TO BE FREE!!
What matters the democrats still sneak on people for personal info!
You were ok with all of obamas click of the pens werent you 
If you only cared about NYers I might believe you!
But he won't.
Sadly, Trump only cares about protecting his misdeeds and tax returns. He relishes disclosing others private information.
@realDonaldTrump 
You can start MAGA right here. VETO
What has changed from 12 months ago? Nothing.
Sure, that'll happen.
Your opinion doesn't matter Chucky. Sit down and shut up.
No member of our Congress should have voted yes on this if they were truly representing the people. Disgusting.
Yes! But you guys need to start highlighting/supporting/identifying  upcoming candidates against the right. Concentrate on that. NOW
@realDonaldTrump dt's signing away Trump family and Administration's protection as well. Tell dt thanks for the leg up.
@realDonaldTrump Veto or we will find out all of you internet browsing.
When he is convicted will you overturn all of his EO's? SHUT DOWN THE PLACE UNTIL THE INVESTIGATION IS OVER!!!
#Resistance
If Congress backs up any of the illegitimate presidents harmful actions, it will be noted with severe remembrance! You will be voted out!!!!
#votethemout
YOU SHOULD SIGN RES. RESIGN THAT IS. STOP YELLING IN PUBLIC
If Dems prevent an up or down vote in the Gorsuch nomination, minorities will be stripped of critical protections, Dems should allow a vote
He won't. Wish he would.
Looking to see if he actually DOES sign
It will help his son-in-laws business so what jk wants jk gets
.@SenSchumer Please tell all of us this is a massive violation of our right to privacy & worthy of an immediate injunction?
Stop spreading BS and do ur job. UR Job is not anti everything. Respect the Presidency!!!
He'll sign. This bill is just as reprehensible as he is. It's the @gop way. If it $SCREW$ us over, they can't wait to sign! Money > people
Where were you when snowden revealed nsa spying on us? You're a hypocrit
We should subpoena his records if he signs it
Trump and his sharpie. We need damage control.
Prez under investigation why able to continue w/Powers? All priv's should cease until investigation over. We the People demand it. #Stop45
He should but he won't.
This is the one thing I agree with you.
If only he would read what he signs.
Oh Peggy, it will be ok, find a puppy
urghhhhh!!!
He will sign it because he's desperate to look like he's winning something...anything.
He's making millions for his friends, why would he
Follow the money, he probably makes millions on this deal.
Perhaps we can find lots of info. Re. Donald's Klan's wheeling... as well as others we r keeping an eye on.
We want Gorsuch for SCOTUS
Nope
