What tripe. YOU are the one The People don't trust. Obstructionist shill.
I trust him to restore our country to the rule of law, he is a HERO.  Thanks, Mr. Schumer.
Schumer? Rule of law? Total contradiction, unless you live down the rabbit hole.
Russian? Or just a fool?
What is with this obsession w/Russia w/you folks? It's your new knee-jerk, all-purpose insult. How unimaginative.
That's ridiculous. Thank God you don't work for DOS.
What's it like to be in a despised minority, shrinking each day? Hitler in the bunker?
Chuck, did Hillary prove she could handle the country's secrets? Why are you concerned now then? How about you start working for the people.
He works for the true American heros, not traitors.
I had no idea he worked for President Trump. Thanks for clarifying!
I wasn't aware that heroes grabbed pussies without consent and bragged about it. Thanks for clarifying.
You rightists never seem to tire of fantasizing about interns getting "banged".
He's a bot, block and move on.
Yeah, but I always like to get a dig in first.
Senator - #POTUS needs to be arrested and removed from office. Use the violations of the #EmolumentsClause to get him removed from the WH.
Seditious garbage. Alinsky shill.
Like Clinton and Obama???
I don't have any doubts. I know he can't handle them.
It's all Bullshit - left libs are killing our country with their stupidity
Grow up and don't forget you work for the people. Give our great president half the respect you gave that idiot Obama.
Hillary already gave them away!
We want him gone because he's both incompetent and treasonous at once.
Clinton and Obama are the treasonist one's. Not Trump why is it ok for Clinton & Obama to talk to Russia but not Trump?
Quit saying the American ppl, which includes the multiple million who voted the Dems out. Tired of the lies & propaganda.
@SenSchumer
Yawn
Please don't speak for all Americans
Thank you Senator. Please encourage the House to start impeachment proceedings today. #ImpeachTrump
Impeach Anon E. Mousse-Lee

Your a fool.to think American will be live you
Here's where your WRONG Chuck!  There is no doubt at all - he cannot handle our nation's (or other nation's) secrets :) :(
There's no doubt. We know he can't.
aint that the Truth. There is literally no excuse anymore to put up with this nonsense, Trump needs to resign. Such a FAIL!
It's failure at an unpresidented level.
And you trusted hillary.... classified leak queen
He can..you corrupt dems  don't care about America and YOU DEMS leek secrets
Give it up Schumer
Please do not talk for the "American People"  You can only talk for your socialist left and the DNC.  Try being truthful, its liberating..
Where were you when Obama was messing around?
Stop trying to act like you are going to run for president. How much money did you lose to Hillary?
"President Schumer" sounds terrible.
So shouldn't we stop his security clearance, stop him from representing us overseas, have some sanctions on 45 until he is cleared.45=Danger
Wow where where you when obama was dropping secrets getting Seals killed? Oh yeah the same place Monica was...
Stick it up your Ass, Chuck Schumer! We The American People question, if you and the rest of The DNC can handle your jobs!!#AmericaFirst
... idiot... like there's a transcript... STFU... every time you open your yap you prove what an ass you are! Your glasses look ridiculous!
NO what we see is congress, media, newspapers cannot keep SECRETS, open your eyes Chuck, stop talking and let investigation handle it
How many transcripts of Obama meetings did you demand??? Oh well...you and the media will come up with another manufacture crisis today.
Never had confidence in DT Nothing in his business or personal resume led me to believe he is qualified for the job
Glad 2 seeee u guys doing UR job!!! Look out 4 American people & GET him out! JUST DO IT already! ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!! IMPEACH IMPEACH IMPEACH
we have doubt about you one sided useless man in DC for 32 years, what about Hillary, Rich's death, how much ddi you put in your pocket?
Where's your outrage at the leakers of this classified info to the corrupt WaPo?
Chuck, do yourself a favor--terminate your Tweeter account!  You are pathetic at this point!!!
I can only speak for myself but Im sure many will agree. We KNEW, LAST YEAR, he couldnt handle his job! Hate to say WE TOLD trump voters SO!
Wow! You'll do anything to win ha Chucky? It's sad! Tweeting about nonamed sources to push your agenda! Your hands r dirty and we see!
It's nice to see that you're concerned about American secrets being secured now. Where was all this indignation when it was HRC email server
Blah blah blah
I'd rather have Trump as my President than that phony lying Hitlery. I would vote for Trump again. The demsles r in distress.
We will probably see that when we see his tax returns-never!
I been doubting fake ass president-win 2 cheat. Hiding 2-biggest secret ever his taxes & how incompetent he can b!
Who should we believe? A career professional like H.R. McMaster or a career political hack like you? #fakenews
We do NOT Trump!
What exactly is your job these days Chuckster the Huckster?
#TermLimits
Oh give it a rest chuckie. Stop working for your lobbyists and start concentrating on passing term limits you thief
Yeah Chuck, with people like you trying to bring down the government it will be tough, but the leakers will be found!!
#Did u n PELOSI tweet at the same time, u all n the same office talking , "hey u tweet this n I'll say this", hee hee we good!
YOU'RE NOT IN A POSITION TO DEMAND ANYTHING! @POTUS TRUMP IS THE BOSS! GET OVER IT & STOP THE BS HISTORY IS WATCHING YOU!
You mean like the previous administration, specifically, your girl Hillary? Doubt, as opposed to the proven mishandling of our secrets?
He should be on house arrest until this gets sorted out.  Who thinks its a good idea for him to be traveling NOW?
you are absolutely incorrect!  You could care less about this Country.
Where were you when Hillary Clinton deleted her emails.  Hillary who claims and you agree the election was stolen. You believe a known liar?
There is no way he can guard our secrets from the Russians because he's fat
Doubt? You are out of your mind with this toe in the water see how they respond BS. You need to take a page out of the GOP book and mean it
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP He needs to cancel his Trip and tell the truth don't you think. It's not going away and he can not run
Unless Trump releases a private discussion that may have had classified info... great thinking bud.
We sure know by the leaks about unmasked citizens that democrats can't be trusted.
We trust him.  It is you & the fake news machine we don't trust.
U need to shut your clap trap!  Always trying to push ur crap a little further up the chain with no proof. Just innuendo
Who made you spokesperson of the American people? You don't speak for me. I'm perfectly capable of speaking for myself
Good thing he didn't put any confidential top secret emails on an un-secure server. That would have been bad.
Are you saying you want an unedited transcript allegedly containing classified material made public?
Just cry about it, at least that work we know you can accomplish
@SenSchumer it seems like you are borderline Russia phobic at this point. There is no room for that kind of narrow mindedness in our country
I have full confidence in our President. You, Mr. Schumer, I have none. Hopefully next election you will be gone.
.@SenateMajLdr Mr Senator: why aren't you concerned by this? .@gop
.@SenateMajLdr  And why did you laugh when the question was asked? Do you find this humorous? Is this a joke to you? #natsec
@SenSchumer Sir please Kick this guy out of the House and the Country ! Is there an iota of Patriotism in Republicans ?
Trust you as far as I could throw you! Schumer said they would get back at Trump!
Oh, I'm sorry, one more thing....ask Comey why he sat on his memo-to-self for over two months before he had someone read it to a reporter.
Oh, and please, find  out who leaked the name of the State to NYT?
You and the dems are attempting a coup against the constitutionally elected POTUS. What you are doing is an act of treason.
Seems like it's the newspapers that can't keep secrets. How did Comey's memo make it out to news organizations?
When uou turn your energy towards the real criminal #HRC maybe just maybe you can start to rebuild your character
Doubt!!!! I have no doubt
Crying Schuck Chitsmear release transcripts of all your meetings with DNC during presidential election cycle of HiLIARy. #KARMA #SETHRICH
Are we suppose to believe Schumer? No reason to.
The truth will come out and then the leakers will be prosecuted!!!
the horror you dems put us thru under your Traitor obama! SO we just want you to know. We KNOW what we see. YOU ARE DESPICABLE!
What you are doing is the most evil thing I have ever seen in my whole life. Meanwhile DT has already begun to repair our lives from
No just the crazy liberals doubt.They are the only ones that believe the bogus news stories How about Seth RIch story? How did he die Chuck?
because like us he can see you for what you are. You are not Americans,. You are monstrous enemies of this country. Worse than the Russians!
Hey crying Chuck , looks like you watch FAKE NEWS ...
and we see CLEARLY what you guys are doing here. We have no concern about our president. The last one was a TRAITOR. you hate this one
UN f###ing believable schumer your nothing but a foul old man who needs to get the hell out of gover
Speak for yourself. We doubt you! Cry'n chuck. You lie everyday on the senate floor. Everyone hates u
No we are doubting your sanity actually
Hate is pretty blinding, isn't it?
You have been in office to long. You need to retire. Get over it Mr. Cry baby.
You and the democrats are the ones undermining our President , and putting our country at risk , we are awake and watching...
And do you were OK with Loretta Lynch telling Comey not to pursue charges against Hillary Clinton. You are sickening.
I wish you spent this much time on the issues in NY! Remember us??? The state you represent!
Oh you mean like Obama outed Seal Team Six??  & also a fellow named Biden did this------

@realDonaldTrump,  since you can't keep you mouth shut, who was responsible for JFK assassination and don't tell me Cruz Dad!
After 8 yrs of Obama's stonewalling, which u didn't object 2, how does it feel to not get what u r demanding these days?
But you were OK with Hillary Clinton and her private server and her putting our national security at risk. You are such a hypocrite.
The American people DO doubt that Potus can handle ANYTHING , let alone our most Highly Classified secrets, ESPECIALLY after this fiasco!
We know the answer to that question. We knew when he bragged about the alleged size of his penis during a debate. @SenSchumer @elk_l
I am just so glad that HRC is not the President.
You R nothing but an over paid old wind bag! We The People R tired of your Democrat Political Games! Get to work or QUIT without a PENSION!
"Wach-A-Mole Chucky" on the offensive again.  So unsurprising.
@foxnews sources today disclosed sen schumer meeting with a rep of the peoples republic of north Korea at swiss embassy! Why?
You don't have the right to one, he is your president, get over yourself liberal hypocrites
How is Freedom Watch investigation into several of your scandals going?
No we don't Chuck, we have no faith in you and the democrats.  You politicize breathing for crying out loud.  Shut up for 5 minutes
He can not be allowed to name a new FBI director after today's nyt report.
Coming from a clown that can't get a damn thing done
AzzWhole democraps party before country
He can't. He has a big mouth and thinks can do whatever he wants. And apparently he's right.
@Potus and Regime could care less what the American people doubt.
please start impeachment. Enough is enough.
Nope. Never doubted it. Knew he couldn't handle from day 1. Get him out!!! #impeachtrump
We are heading downhill with no brakes in our trust with you. You are quite out there these days. Stop the hysterics please
We have no doubt that you are not able. #UesLess
Shouldn't you be more concerned with who leaked this "story" to the press? I'm not hearing anything from you on this.
Heard there was no stenographer. Wouldn't be surprised.
Please hear General McMaster, he will set you both straight. I know that is a very tall order. 


Just like the ppl doubted HRCs ability
the alarms have been sounded and you want to make sure you know why instead of TURNING THEM OFF?! DO. BETTER.
No transcriber? Notes at best. Unless he recorded or Russia bugged Office, you may not get a transcript.
Chuckie please continue your ranting against @POTUS Your doing a great job!
YOU ARE NOT GETTING A COPY? SORRY CHUCK.???
Until Wolf Blitzer denies he is a Russian spy Americans can't trust him.
I doubt @SenSchumer can handle any of our Nations secrets.
We know you can't.  We also know democrats are useless
No only you and your ilk who care more about party than the American people will doubt.
Talk is cheap. What are the Democrats going to do?
You don't speak for the American people Chuckles.  You barely speak for democrats.
@Gift2USA HE HAS PROVEN OVER AND OVER HE CAN'T FULFILL HIS JOB DESCRIPTION IMPEACH TRUMP NOW DAMNIIT TAKE AWAY THE NUKES!!!!!!
Like I said before We need to do a Full background check  and aFull Financial Check on Crybaby Schumer find out where his money comes from
Senator, when are you going to introduce the articles of impeachment.  If this were HRC she would have been impeached by now. #CRISIS
#STFU Chuck, every President has shared intel, and after 6 months you still push this BS narrative
Don't count your chickens before they've hatched & don't put the cart before the horse
Says the career liar!  and don't speak for the people you don't represent! I find your statement ironic considering U backed HRC
@FoxNews @wikileaks  HEY SMUCK YOU CAN LIE ALL YOU WANT YOU HAVE MORE SKELETONS IN YOUR CLOSET, its too bad your too powerful to bring down
You are not entitled to see the transcript shill!
senator, please rephrase: trump put american lives at stake when flying w/ disclosures. Dems need explain to his supporters
Are you guys going to wait around for him to supply an unedited transcript? do something, please!
@SenSchumer shame on u & the Dems. What u all are doing to Potus is embarrassing & obstructive. I will never vote Dem again.
Awwwww... u sound a wee bit salty Chuckie boy... How about some more big boy lies!
Aren't meetings between the @POTUS and diplomats possibly classified? So you want possible classified info released? You're a clown!
He should NOT be allowed to travel abroad!
I Don't think you speak for true Americans! Get the He:: out of his way so that he can do what we asked of him. We do not need a transcript!
.@1choice. you have anything to do with Mr Deans MURDER.?  Dem  exposed your party to WL need to investigate your involvement
the QUESTION did dems MURDER MR DEAN.  WHAT'S SCHUMER'S INVOLVEMENT?? CITIZENS NEED TO KNOW. SO DID YOU KILL HIM?
Shut up Chuck
He needs to be impeached. What is your problem with saying the word?
Stop the lies my God it's shameful already
You are a fool.  The American people don't believe your lies.
And you could do better?
Kiss off Schumer
.@SenSchumer 
No they won't
We love @POTUS !

We always will

Sen Schumer 
You're being a total drooler


Hyperbole is action unbecoming of the position of Senator. Step down Chuck.
GO TTUMP! Clean the swamp.
Once again 
I know he can't handle them. Get him out of there before there is a disaster!!!
Amendment 25! He is not well.
stop playing nice!  It's time  to act!  Get in the muck and fight for us.  The Republicans would if Hillary.
