Ahead this hour on the show... Senate Minority Leader @chuckschumer #morningjoe 
Why watch anyone who consistently disrespects @POTUS? You should be helping to unite this country instead of fueling hatred & hysteria!
Exactly what republicans did TRYING to make Obama a 1 time president. Almost trying to make country fail. Obama brought us back with no help
Have to borrow BILLIONS, YES BILLIONS to keep our gov open. When does it all stop.
I imagine your all for the corporate Tax cut. Did the beltway apprentice back off his wall rhetoric. Did he back down! Is Mexico gonna pay!!
Actually once we get the illegals off the free ride they r on. The extra tax review will pay for a lot of things.
And if they r so badly taken advantage of, why do they come? Really.
Cheap Jobs?
Sir why not help pass this dumb wall get pass comprehensive immigration in return use their tax money to from folks come out of shadow. Help
Blah blah blah
No thanks. Just a waste of time listening to this Amit-American.
By the way, Breitbart has 10 TIMES the credibility of NYT.  Easily.
@SenSchumer you did a great job!!!! I watched it and was highly impressed! The fact you are still willing to work with the Rep. says alot!
Why don't you speak about you have accomplished since being a senator for the last 100 bears ....it does seem that long !!!!!
SHAME ON DEMOCRAPS PARTY OF NO
Sen Schumer don't shut down the government #SchumerShutdown #thisoneisonyou
#GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown
No thanks. I'll pass.
The only network you have the courage to be on. Let's be on the network that agrees with me because your fact don't add up to the truth
I don't think so, Chuckey!
Who in the HELL wants to tune in to listen to your obstructionist lies.
 UNSEAL ALL OF OBAMA'S PAST RECORDS , NOW !  IT'S TIME  AMERICA  KNOWS . THANK YOU SCHUMY SCHUMER
Maybe you shold be working for the people instead of going on talk shows. Not being paid to do PR for yourself.
Stop the criminal and immoral actions of this Admin....!!
Who cares what you think Chuck.  What have you done today for NY? Why are we paying you to campaign against Trump
I'd rather not! You make me sick!! You're so pathetic and disgraceful! Do YOUR job and don't worry about our awesome God chosen President!
No one watches that show so go ahead
Terrible propaganda show
Your pathetic, do even read your tweet responses? #libtard
More photo ops with no meaning. What are you going to complain about?
When are you going to build the wall from 2006 America supposed to pay for not Mexico
When is congress going to hold the trump administration accountable for the numerous ethics violations? Our nation is a laughingstock
I'm sure you are in the process of removing all those worthless gates and locks on your personal residence right? Live it how you tell it.
Americans DO NOT care about his 100 days. We care about this administration's connection to Russia!! Get it done for crying out loud!!
I'd rather hear what the Dems have done to improve the party and what our strategy is to move forward.
Gag vomit gag
Sen Schumer, You&Senate colleagues need to address trumps apparent mental illness. He's exhibiting signs of dementia. Where's the pushback?
Sorry Chuck I don't watch #FakeNews #msnbc
The only way I'd tune in is if you cry again like a little girl.
@chuckschumer Why not discuss what you can do for the country instead of just complaining.
Why not actually listen to the people!  They just don't get it
MSNBC = #fakenews
Oh, one more thing...what exactly does Nationalism really mean? What does Progressive thought really mean?
Big whoop
Why don't you appear on @marklevinshow show? He could ask good, solid questions about the Constitutional requirements of your job.
Wondering if you talked about Susan Rice and Evelyn Farkus? Or the current request of the FISA court for documents pertaining to situation?
I am beginning to wonde if you are all so perfect?
Your a shuck chuck
Chuckie will stoop to new lows which, considering all his deception to date, should be comedic!
when you grow up and go on a unbiased station then I'll watch!
Breaking Schumer declared brain dead by own party elites!
best 100 days, even better after 8 years.
Obama said the first 100 days shouldn't be judged but rather the first 1000. Odd how Dems shift
Who the hell wants to watch this JERK!
What have you got to say....that you've blocked, lied, bullied, and blackmailed for 100 days??? Probably not - but we all know it's true.
Democrats will be responsible for a government shutdown. Democrats.
I only need to know one thing about #Trump100days - #JusticeGorsuch. Success.
You should go on @marklevinshow  but you'd prolly be too scared because he would blow up every one of your lies on the airwaves
Why don't you talk about you useless lat 8 years
great comments this morning sir!  need to see a whole tax plan!  and his taxes! Plz help him stop the inane tweets.. maybe he trusts you?
Schumer's assessment of the President's 1st 100 days will be about as straightforward & honest as Obama's view of HRC's scandals - LOL
Schumer's obstructionism angers me & is actually nauseating - GOP obstructionism only angers me - ALL politicians piss me off with their BS!
Before you go trashing the @POTUS Have the truth
Cast of deplorables that have not relevance. Replace with Looney Tunes cartoons that would make more sense.
Now there's an objective media outlet. You should feel right at home Chuck.
Did not even think MSNBC was even on the air anymore, was/is the lowest watched channel in the world
Stop the obstruction. "Pro-life..Catholic..." that's absurd. Don't throw Catholics out of party.
Work with @POTUS and stop being a liar.
@SenSchumer @TheDemocrats
Catholics then Jews? #Dems litmus test dooms party. Sm.tent/obstruction is pathetically sad.
Work together, now.
Who cares, you are definitely all talk and no action
Next time, could you come on b/t 6-7:30?
. Stand strong & together against this bully. NO WALL.
i would not watch that pos dribble tv if they paid me.
Excellent!!! Compare the 100 days to 2,900 of previous mess and speak to what real accomplishment looks like
this show is irrelevant always showboating no substance
u going to cry again?  #hypocrite
Why not be a real man with nothing to hide and go on Tucker Carlson. Oh that's right, msnbc will pat you on the head and say "GOOD BOY"
That's why Obama and Nancy and Chucky wont do Fox. Fair and balanced goes again what they like
Hey Charlie, go on Hannity once and see if he gives you the same softball questions.

Did you happen to mention that deportations have actually decreased slightly since Trump took office? http://blogs.ilw.com/entry.php?9804-Immigration-Court-Cases-Post-Trump-Not-Dissimilar-to-Obama …
Yes but a wall was promised in 2006 where is it it's the law
Everybody know what you gonna say, you better skip this and stop wasting time.
I don't watch bias #fakenews Chucky go on another show that doesn't hate him and bash him there
Watching 
Chuckie the Clown should be entertaining to watch him complain complain complain!
Chuckie cheese goes for some Joe
Trump did more in 90 days than u did so far schumer ur a discrase to the constitution of the USA
OTOH he did spell constitution correctly...
Isn't that like talking into an echo chamber
I'll catch the clip of you speaking. Can't watch Joe.
WHAT DO YOU WANTS TALK ABOUT TRUMPS 100 DAYS CHUNKY ? WE GOING RE ELECTED TRUMP 4 MORE YEARS ,
Chuck is a disaster
Make Schumer Cry!
Sorry not going there has "boycotted"
Why don't you talk about the Turkish man you are being investigated for?
#FakeTearsChuck #resign
Turkish man?  Is he hiding a relationship?
Do men cry about the first hundred days would be nice if you would actually work with the man and not just attack the man
If he wasn't attacking everything America stands for. Immigration health care government shut down bc of a f------- wall
Do not need to listen to your negative thoughts, lies and hate, you are a disgrace to our system and our country.
Please stand firm on the demands for cuts in order to pay for that walk.
I will not waste my time listening to your immoral socialist, verbal, enemy of the Constitution, puke
You are a do nothing. All talk, no action. @mfay1957 @FoxNews @Italians4Trump
Chuckie, nobody cares what you think. You have lost all credibility.
Thats a joke. Stand behind Perez and Ellison. They'll take the party right to the Dumpster. Just a message of HATE. You have to retire soon
Sorry, that show is a joke.
The Wall is not a symbol, it significantly reduces the flow of drugs from entering the US. Talk to voters in Ohio about that.
Need to explain your obstructionist stance has brought the Govt. to a standstill causing the Nuclear to be invoked to confirm SCOTUS. #tcot
We are the #ProChoiceParty We are NOT going backward #MorningJoke trying to push a pro-life agenda needs strong push back like the Rs #Spine
Listened to u briefly. I don't believe anything u said!
oh no poisonous chuckie! Hay Chuck you supported the wall in 2006, why not now?
I don't blame President Trump for blowing off, they won't do anything he wants. If the government shuts down it's there fault not Trumps
Mr Schumer PLEASE don't forget your red nose...we want the REAL Chucky the "Teary Clown"- at least Ms Waters is crazy but not always crying.
Love ya even though you hate the Red Sox
you'll have a bigger audience on @FoxNews No one watches the #FakeNewsMedia anymore.
And will you speaking about Being Investigated For Ties To Turkish Imam 
Could you enlighten us on Schumers last 100 days? Tell us what you've accomplished!
thank you @SenSchumer for speaking out, loved seeing you on @Morning_Joe today!
Talk about the president's AP interview and how the @GOP is protecting a dementia ridden psychopath.
Who cares???
How about your first 100 days as minority leader Chuck? #bitchandmoan
What about the Russians!!!!!!!!
Watching & tell him he's getting impeached
no democrat would be onthat show
@SenSanders your 50 states strategy is a joke and waste of time go to Utah next
Note to self, don't watch the morning show
Waiting to see how you work with a  @POTUS under FBI investigation, history will define you
We know his 100 days is a failure just by his standards. I don't see where the DEMs are capitalizing on this. That's the bigger issue.
@chuckschumer With that bombing in Syria, @POTUS went Hillary 2.0.
Death Star Captain schumk shoer
another crooked politician in office for the money all talk time for term limits to many carrer criminals they get way to much free stuff...
Remember when you voted YES for the Wall!
If you cannot or wil not do your jobs then step aside so that people that know who they work for can get in there and start making U.S.great
Didn't you first introduce us to Anthony Weiner?
Lol
Sekf-righteous, sanctimonious DemocRat.
Joe is back to pandering to trump lies so no thanks!
I can't watch @MorningJoe Either #RESISTANCE
liar. you are going there to try to normalize the nazi traitor pedophile coup
When did paying $3.6M for a golf weekend 12 times become an American value?
Mika doesn't speak: nods head
Joe: ignores Trumps lies!
Can't watch sorry
Is it true that the #Trumprussia investigation is being handled by part-time employees?  If so, this is unacceptable.  This is to important.
Senator, you and other have forgotten who you work for. Need to know your place. We the people voted Trump in. We the people want the border
I'm sorry 46.4% want the wall not all the American people and those who voted for 45 on the Texas border aren't too happy to lose lands
Not sure where you get your stats. 71% want the wall. Tired of being invaded so the national socialist/democrats can have votes
Then self fund it. If you are so positive that 71% of the USA want this start fundraising.
Don't need to. Wall money was passed years ago. National Socialists Democrats stop the building process and used the money elsewhere
Never !!!!!!
@chuckschumer Why don't you appear on Fox And Friends?
DONT CRY ON THE SHOW CHUCK.  ILL PASS ON WATCHING.
Dems forgot about blue collar folks. Care about transgender more than jobs, CO2 more than jobs, illegals more than jobs. Doomed to failure.

Please explain why you voted for the border fence in 2006 but are against it now.   to work for America  Stop obstructing.
Is that what you were saying to the republicans when they were doing everything to make Obama fail!!!!
Yup. Time all those overpaid do Nothing politicians started working for US. Obsessed with being bipartisan and not passing legislation.
Sorry Chuck but I can't watch that sh*t show. Go on AM Joy.
Will you discuss russia
Any chance you'll recommend Single-Payer as the Dems alternative to the failed Repeal and Replace?  @jimmy_dore @mtracey
No ! Waste of time to watch that CRAP!!
To bash bash bash trump ,per fake news msnbc
Let me guess...you have seen the error of your ways and will support @realDonaldTrump
What are you going to do about Kim Jung Un who is threatening to turn the US to ashes!
Great, #snakeoilschumer will be on #fakenews channel. I wonder what lies get made up. I'm sure the SNL writers are at it now.
I used to like snl but even with kate McKinnon it has become way to political. I bet Dan ackaroid and bill Murray n even Eddie Murphy r mad.
You mean to "trash" Trumps 100 days? All you dems do is spread hate!
Just like you republicans during the Obama administration. You were just as happy to see America and a president fail!!
but will anyone actually be watching?
Please put Joe Scarborough in his PLACE
