Like either of you two clowns care about the business of regular people?!  Schumer and McCain need to be repealed!
what is it about the noneducated Trump peoplr
Chuck and John, if you two are the best we have to offer, than I can see why congress is 8% Approval rating. Repeal & Replace Congress.
It's time you both do what is right & goid in the eyes of THE LORD! Or WOE TO YOU BOTH! Many examples in The WORD!
Unfortunately, Mr Schumer already noted he will obstruct everything short of a full liberal policy. He has not a team player
A full liberal policy would make this country, and the world, a much better place.
#JohnMcCain speaks for ALL of us. He has served and suffered for our COUNTRY, & given his recent diagnosis has seen his Influence is neeeded
With all due respect @SenJohnMcCain , @POTUS has authority by law, you can chg. that. Pls do I do not & CANNOT respect the man. He is UNFIT.
U don't have 2 Respect him, but I commented he's given his life 2 serving our Country & seems to have returned to picking Country over Party
140 character r tuff,eh? I respect McCain completely, I don't agree I HAVE to respect Trump as Pres. I don't, Had nothing to do w/ur comment
AND speak out on ANTIFA
ANTIFA is stupid and unorganized. People lashing out, inappropriately, at what they see as Facism. Technically we should all be ANTIFA.
They seem organize to me with their weapons and face mask. The sure look like terrorists. NO ANTIFA
The problem is THEY are small part and stupid. How bad is it though, when the opposition group is labeled ANTI FASCIST?!
When are you going to start. All I have seen from both of you is your ego controlling your actions.
Your actions do not match your words.
#SchumerTheTumor and #KissingCousin #McCain #TermLimits
Work what you all haven't done a damn thing but obstruct whine & complain
Selling out the American public
All talk, no actions.  Just further proves that Congress knows full well how to govern but is working intentionally to f*uck up this country
Schumer, you are subverting the govt. You are an anarchist. Neither you or McCain have honor or ethic, you do not deserve any respect.
Said 2 of the most crooked self-serving politicians in the history of our country
One loser to another.
Now the truth is out McCain is your friend not the people who voted him in. Sad!!!
John McCain you lost the republican nomination for president? You changed after you had a steak dinner w Obama at a restaurant in DC? Threat
Article V Conventions of States. U will be out of a job because things will change how congress, supreme court & DOJ is run. Gov size reduce
Eisenhower said, there is no power in a leader who is immoral & wrongs America.
Both of you need to retire. COS- term limits!!
McConnell set agenda when BHO was elected. Now, we are All paying for that behavior.
You two professional clowns would not know what work is if it came and bit you in the ass!
We don't share the same values.  Liberals want open immigration, open borders, open voting, destroy history, dismantle military & take guns.
Liberals have a Globalist agenda. 2 classes; wealthy & peasants.  47% of Americans can't handle a 400$ emergency w/o borrowing? 22% poverty!
@Warx2TheMovie @SenJohnMcCain @washingtonpost Shumer is a Judenrat
LOL (let's get to work) oh my God quit it Chuckles you're killing me. I can't take it stop it
The GOP IS the Party of NO. The Dems need a solid message to reach out to the Mid Amer. masses and plans to rebuild all phases of infrstruc-
McCain is such a pushover. And you're a demagogue chuck snake schumer
We know you Democrats all like to stick together but seriously you are not the definition of strong leadership!  Obstructionists maybe....
Nitwit! Minority not obstructionists.
Oh my your name calling has  converted me to a Liberal, I can see how wrong I was for not having the same opinion as you! Not and blocked!
Don't block people. Make an actual argument if you can. That makes them look more ignorant than if you simply run away!
Dear senator McCain,  best wishes and many thanks for your services.
John McCain is a true American traitor.
#AwanBrothers #SpyRingInCongress is not going to work out so well for you.#ImranAwan is gonna flip and #WasserGate will drag all of you down

A positive step in the right direction. We have many problems to be solved. Let's get together and work on them-for all of us.
Please do!!
Don't let dt rescind DACAor touch illegals!We NEED them!Let dt&melania(in heels)cart away10yrs of Houston trash&rebuild.STOPdtB4Irma hits us
You guys have never worked
@SenJohnMcCain TRAITOR
How so?! This thought process leads to gridlock. Pure ignorance. The only traitor is one that refuses to acknowledge interference over ego
UR career has been a Testament of being a Turncoat from Vietnam "Songbird" 2 NOW! #Purge2018 will FIX Corruption of the past 28 years!!
Considering u, BOTH, have been in D.C, for decades should show the people who are suffering all over this Country, just how FAKE you are
WELL IF JOHN MC CAIN IS A FRIEND OF YOURS THAT MEANS HE IS NO FRIEND TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE JUST ANOTHER SWAMP DWELLER
Yes. It's time Congress gets back to bipartisan compromise.
Don't even think about loading Harvey aid with liberal pork like you did with sandy!
Congress is completely corrupt
#MerrickGarland
Coming from the croc to alligator. Both are full of croc. They support their own agendas not Americans.  Who gives to their campaigns.
Little late for u buddies to try these words of wit. You both have one more election, your out and good riddens
Time you people do your jobs, just like all americans were sick of your doing nothing. Midterm election we all will be watching everyone.
John McCain is a traitor and a Democrat who is so full of hate because he couldn't win the presidency twice. loser
I was hoping regular order would exclude the  Johnny and Chuckie show.  Oh pleeze pleeze.
You two don't even know what that means.
I think regular order and @realDonaldTrump are mutually exclusive...#mueller proves criminal activity #impeach and done So Proud!!! #Love
You and your friend have run the course long enough, time to hold hands a go play bingo in Florida and be gone 
Senator McCain should switch sides.
Only because he votes your way. McCain traitor to his party. Should leave in shame
I'm from Kentucky I have voted for McConnell many times but never again
I have been a Republican and a conservative my whole life and it's time for John McCain and Mitch McConnell to ride off into the sunset
McSchmuck and McCain -evil twins
Yes, let's get to work, brain tumor guy!! CANT WAIT TO OBSTRUCT WITH YOU
Sounds like more procrastination and even more time wasting. Spend $ & waste time...while blaming the president. Shame. Trump hard working!
It is time Congress does whats right for American Citizens and not political favors for the Elite better than you leaches and Haters!

McCain obviously had his brain removed instead of his tumor. Only explanation why he thinks he's a lying progressive democrat now.
Well that would be new schum The Demobrats Working for their paycheck ?
Yep, regular order of special interests, corruption, stupidity, arrogance, LIES & more LIES. Pass flat or fair tax, no subsidies.
Hows your other friend Menendez?????????????????????????????????????
Yeah he's ur friend Cause he's no friend to be GOP or working Americans he belongs on ur side of he aisle another one that should retire
We are counting on you two for some sanity in DC!
#ImpeachTrump 
Or, if you want Congress and our nation to return to regular order even quicker push for #25thAmendmentNow!
#Suicidaltrump
Hey guys here is an idea let's follow Kenya's example. What do you say? 
Come on country over party :)
This is what we need.
I promise to be good for the rest of my life if our Supreme Court follows Kenya's example. https://twitter.com/BBCAfrica/status/903604293827272705 …
Please support comprehensive tax reform!
So Chucky you and Johnny are OK with Antifa thugs shuting down free speech, burning our flag, smashing stores attacking our vets etc.
Yea except all you guys are doing is NOTHING. Which is typical of congress. Do some ACTUAL work, I.e. Create jobs.
Good luck getting @SenJohnMcCain or anyone else from the GOP "Very Troubled Caucus" to act upon their words...but keep trying!
That's the problem Chucky, you and McCain are together but the American people hate you both. #MAGA
"Regular order". Did you just see the election of Trump?  People know business as usual means "we the people" get fucked. No thanks!
And stops blocking PRESIDENT TRUMPS effort to MAGA.
Chuckles you haven't worked in 8 1/2 years!
We've been waiting. Just another political BS lie. U guys have no idea how to work. To many freebies for much to long #LAZYBASTARDS
@HouseGOP  Roll up your sleeves & work w/the Dems to resolve issues.
Yes, please. Get to work. It's time to #ImpeachTrump!
One libtard and one traitor!
That's why you were voted for and why we pay you our hard working $$. I could use my tax dollars so much better than paying fools to do nada
Please keep an eye on that braying jackass in the WH and keep the GOP from screwing everybody with their greed
First and foremost Congress must IMPEACH this administration whose deal with Russia is destroying America- then get to work on these things
Yes... You don't treat the flu when patient's got a gun shot wound
Thank you senators, this is what the American people that elected you really want.
How about a little giving on both sides to get things done
WHAT?! Ever since tramp has been in DC those of us in the trenches have not a "regular order" life, and you in DC own this!
TY Sen McCain 4 bringing truth & decency 2 ur position
U also bring HOPE that eventually, cooler heads will prevail
God bless u always!
No John you do not work for @realDonaldTrump, but you represent the people who voted for scrapping Obama care, Tax Reform, and the Wall....
We don't answer to Trump either.  Bless you
Sen McCain is the reasonable Rep voice of the Senate. Thank you. It is about time.
Of course you like him. He saved ACA. Remeber to be open when you and Shiny meet Trump to disscus.
Hopefully that will mean the two of you press for term limits, end to Congress/staff 73% healthcare subsidy, end to UR 180days of vacation
Going to have to get Ryan and McConnell out before anything bipartisan will be done, they have obstructed for 6 years now.
Go away McCain - traitor
Schuck Tumor, you need to acknowledge Charlottesville riot was Antifa and white supremacist and BLM fault.  Not just kkk.
Oh a word from McCain the traitor the Vietnam traitor please stay out of the Senate Americans have no use for you you're a fake
Your friend except when you were trashing him when he ran for president in 08. Such a phony and he's a fool for thinking y'all as is friend
Well that tells me all I need to know about you and @SenJohnMcCain.
How can you return to regular order when you're never in session. Time to end the vacation country club. Try earning your paycheck !
The clown and the traitor!! Should be a TV show
Exactly  what  We The People  will not allow  you to  do....Our eyes   are open!
Republicans are the Majority Party, the Democrats must work WITH them, not the other way around.
So now after wasting the first eight months you're going to get to work? Some of you won't keep your jobs with that resume
Return to regular order? Does that mean milking America for everything you can get.
Get in there ! Play dirty ! Save DACA Save ACA  & remove trump! Go ! Enough vacationing already
Ohio go away
lol Schumer the clown.
" We all know spending levels for defense and other urgent priorities have been woefully inadequate for years." Bull. Make vets a priority.
Time for do nothing big winded career politicians like Schumer & McCain to quite; that whole bluster was a joke; so was Schumer's response
I'll believe it when I see it, middle class knows too well of all your broken promises Chucky
You had 8 years and did nothing - nobody believes anything you say.
Skeletons are falling from the closets - Let's see how the #Democrats handle the news of #Comey - America is waiting for your response!
MY FRIEND!  Wonder why
2 vile parasites speaking
Well Chuckie stop the obstruction and get to work with a unified congress.
About time but what are you doing abt this & dark $ in GOP Ldershp SuperPACs? Putin/internatl oligarchs bought @GOP
You better believe Chucky got a rubles check
OK!!!!! Let it start with you.
"Friend" ok that's fair. Maybe co-worker, party member, spy for democrats, resist republican leaders, deep state hypocrite, did i get it all
"Regular Order" for Congress is the f'ing problem.
I hope you mean getting to work on the biggest problem ...the runaway Presidency.
and remember congress, you are not the president's foot stools...you don't answer to him, you answer to the american people...
Oh? Have they done that ? I don't think so
Wow!  You know that you've entirely abandoned your conservative values, and your constituents, when Chuck Schumer calls your "friend".  Ouch
Oh so regular order for traitor McCain is to sell WMD for self profit, take ppl $ by taxation w/o representation, and assassinate Trump.🖓
John McCann is a @HouseGOP imposter
He is a undercover Democrat
Destroying this country?

You both have done nothing but kick the can down the road for years while collecting big paychecks. Time for you to get to work or step down

There may still be time to save this sinking ship, but it will mean mutiny against the incompetent Captain Trump. Toss him overboard!
As soon as the mad king leaves the throne!
Chuck, " Let's get to work" You are very late to work, with this sense of urgency You would of been fired a long time ago
Well there's a novel idea!! Do you even know what that is? All you guys do is OBSRUCT AND RESIST!! 
TIME TO WORK FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!!
He is your friend? Because he sounds like a Dem. McCain should switch parties or retire.
The US Senate has not seen moral leadership like this since Ted Kennedy drove off the dock.
No no no it's time we drain you two swamp creatures
You mean your fellow Dumbocrat!
You're gonna have to remove trump from office to do that
My name is Chuck, and I like to..... 

Do nothing while Senator McCain leads the fight against fake President.

Shame on you!
My name is Chuck & I'm fundraising off the idiot President rather than moving to impeach him, because it's more profitable.
Dont use this an excuse to bury your backbone even deeper, Chuck! The PEOPLE of NY are watching  Literal lives are at stake
Agreed, but why not when Obama was president?
So tired of these trump supporters with impreach obama b.s.  obama did a great job. 45 has not done anything legislatively.  Get over it
Not going to happen until the Republicans work WITH the Democrats.
Republicans are the Majority Party, the Democrats must work WITH them, not the other way around.
Well well what do have here. Group hugs between the RINO's and the Democrats
PRIORITY #trumprussia #arrest #impeach #treason # laundering #electionfraud #conspiracy ##congress #mueller #doj #cia #fbi #hls #usmarshall
sure you can fit it into your vacation schedule?
You needed McCain to tell you to get to work. Funny.
Well said.  Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
NOOO, oh no Democrat Mc Cain is Back ," but why" he's the Swamp we are trying to drain. Stay home with family they need you,get well at home
We do not need McCain for anything, ask the Veterans, Elected President trump has this military thing in control. get well at home please!!!
We need some adults to right this ship. Immediately! You guys are it.

Says the two most dishonest and corrupt jackasses in the Senate!
Respectfully, Mr. Minority Leader...you never were working at all. Like...since 2010.
Respectfully @southpawxtn.. know your facts b4 you comment. Republicans obstructed for 8 years saying they can fix everything with no plan
Let's get to work holding Trump accountable & developing a better plan for America.  One America.

If you need an example on what it means to work look at our @POTUS
4 day work weeks and 3 day golf weekends
#FakeNews
It's well past time, Chuck, but I don't see @SenateMajLdr or @SpeakerRyan doing anything to accomplish that, because they are #Complicit
Get to work obstructionist lying socailist garbage! Traitor McCain!
That was a win for you guys but thatbsytem needed to be shut down rebuilt
So the plan is to ignore the clown driving this car?
I guess if the bi-partisan dream team happens , can only be a good thing.
Lmbo!
Let's start with you Mr. Obstruction.
We hold Democrats responsible for the violence of #ANTIFA and #BLM.  They are the militant "Red Guard" of the Democrat party.
Then GOP is responsible for alt right, KKK, Aryan Nation white supremists
Get to work? What the hell u been doing  Oh yeah thats right obstructing the President and kowtowing to illegals. U do NY state a disservice
Repugnicants obstructed Obama for 8 years. Turnabout is fair play.
Oh yea, that makes sense for usa... geesh
Your friend. He's a Dem in rep clothing. Cant be trusted.
It's would be mighty nice if the Swamp  came back to work .
It's as if government was built with compromise as a cornerstone...
I wish you guys would just get shit done like the way you talk all inspiry, girly and pretty ..
..because you're either mocking us and insulting our intelligence..or you guys are the cheesiest actors that ever walked the earth.   
RINO
Thanks to both of you. We need Congress to step in and show the world the true United States values and behaviors.
That would mean voting Chuck and John out of office
1st order of business should be exercising the constitutional authority to return the presidency to regular order
I'd appreciate it!
Trump has this country f-ed up!
Chuck you forgot about the part where you are the obstructionist of Congress. There's going to be no getting along
Please for the sake of the Country. U Maverick
I wish more Senators called members of the opposite party their "friend" in public, and often.  It helps us as a country.
Work together to get stuff done and close down this "presidency". Trump is a danger to our great nation.
