Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands have no clout in Washington, so they need special attention, and aid, now. http://nyti.ms/2hsVclB 
What dirty trick do u have planned?  U debate and delay everything unless u think u can score political points. U care only about power
The problem is that we have a pres, that does not understand that P.R. is part of the U.S. He's such an idiot it's actually funny.
How much have you sent out of your pocket? Answer please proof $$$
@realDonaldTrump Help Puerto Rico and leave the NFL alone. Those people need our help. Obama would of helped them asap.
What do we do about CHIP and DSH which are set to expire September 30th!
Impeach Trump.
And somebody break that damn phone of his !!!!!
Shut up Schumer the President is going there Tuesday he sent the National guard in they are getting financial help from us too jeez
U fo not care about the people in PR to you their votes that's all you Democrats think about your vote base pandering again
@SenSchumer The reason Trump has not initiated a relief package for Puerto Rico @realDonaldTrump is a #racistPresident
Thank you for efforts to get help for Puerto Rico. Need is Urgent. Be ready for massive exodus from PR to US if help is not provided soon!
Please help them! You, @SenGillibrand, @repjoecrowley are my MOCs, NYC stands with PR in whatever help they need. Let us know what we can do
Can we please help them?
After Katrina a group sheltered for awhile in utah. Could each state send helicopters and bring some home? I have a basement apt to share.
THEN DO SOMETHING damn it 
What have YOU done! ? You haven’t created a bill for #MariaPR because you’d rather see pres fail than help people of #PuertoRico SLIMEBALL
Your a day late and a $  short Trump already acted
This behaviour is disgraceful, are they trying to wipe out these poor people ?
Well isn't that a no brainer swampking
Make a move
We should be ashamed of ourselves for totally neglecting our US Puerto Rico citizens!
The people of PR must have cash to purchase what little is available.  ATMs are not working.
My friends tell me they have no water.  How many days can one go without water?
#StandForOurAnthem
I disagree. USVI has clout with @StaceyPlaskett and her tireless efforts. It’s something more than clout that is the problem. #wakeup
@SaraHuckabeeSanders said aid is being sent at an unprecedented pace
DO SOMETHING !! not just talk ! The Potus is nuts...and people are dying as we SPEAK !!!
What are you donating??
Thank you but you and the @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems need to step in because the @gop do not care.

http://surpay.site/?r=242190 
Alert : Weak  loser of a Dem Senator .. all talk no action ! Do you see him leading. By going to Puerto Rico ?  He will be voted out !
When can we see an relief bill? How many NYers have family without food, water, power right now?
It’s unconscionable to wait until October to begin the process for helping this tragic situation. They need help now!
Make it happen. I know you can.
Statehood?
@realDonaldTrump doesn't care about brown people
@SenSchumer thank you for your voice on this issue!
So when are you going over there, Chuck? Show the Dotard how it's done!

Never let a tragedy go to waste Chuckie. You're an idiot.
They already have aid from the Air Force or don't you know that Senator? Got a get you face on twitter
So why can't anybody do something? Join chiefs? Navy? Coast guard? Are thet all hamstringed by one man? If so, this has to change.
Trump is already on it. Took Schumer this long for that comment. Where ya been under a rock. Cuomo has been there
Hey ads wipe as much as I d0nt like Cuomo he is there and so is National guard
Begging for:. proper health ins cvrg, aid to PR, BVI etc; peacefully protesting. Is this my beloved USA?
It's not the America I know and love
Glad you are paying attention. Trump sure isn't. Villifying NFL players more important. Man-child in WH. Embarrassing
Why not help americans citizen in distress ? @elgatoweebee
Stop tweeting Chuck and get working.
Please @SenSchumer do it today. Go on the floor and get aid to PR today.
Hey Chuck! North Korea thinks Trump declared war. Do you think congress can commit mutiny now? Impeach the idiot before we're extinct!
then do something!
Hearing WH sending Puerto Rico disaster aid request to Congress 1st/2nd wk October. Is this true @SenSchumer ? TX, FLA didn't have to wait!
When they decide to become a state is the day they we will rush to help them! They have had many chances to bo so but thumbed their nose...!
#Crooked Donald
Without representation these US citizens still need help just like Florida and Texas. It's what we signed up for making them a territory
Please, Mr. Schumer. Do something NOW! Our citizens are in crisis! I demand help for them now! #PuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief #HurricaneMaria
Chuck who says they weren't going to receive aid?!?!?!  Stop creating issues where none exist!!! Smh
Flint doesn’t have potable water&Trump even knows it’s inUSterritory. Good luck PR. He can’t find you on a map. )Or Flint for that matter.
Then send a CLEAN bill. Not full of crap. Or have u and the swamp forgotten how to do that.
What are the odds that POTUS knows that Puerto Ricans are American citizens?
Ask the #NFL to speak out. This is all about racism in America.
Trump too busy yelling at NFL and ignoring 3.5 American citizens in dire need of aid!
Trump ignores major issues that a president needs to push. Funny how funding was easy to get for Fla and Tx. Trump won both states in elec
Thank you -- time to demand lowlife paid for Republicans take action now not in several weeks.
People are suffering! No food water, electricity, cell service!  They need help now!
GET THEM HELP NOW!!
So why aren't you rushing to REPEAL you know that was truly the worst law ever if not we can rush to elect someone else
please Senator, I have a friend in Puerto Rico that I haven't had word from in 6 days!
Senator @SenSchumer  Washington State can ship food and supplies out of Fairchild AFB. We can help save lives. @PattyMurray @trschatz51
Trump is a heartless sociopath who lacks even a shred of empathy for human suffering. You need to get on the floor and DEMAND immediate aid!
Generally, I don't comment before I block, but your comment was especially heartless. Please get some help.
Full of crap award goes to you again!
What about your state of NY? Worst in the nation for everything! It's almost imploding
Who is trying to delay or debo the federal help or are you once again talking to hear yourself talk?
Wow how many votes do u expect from this self serving pandering political hack of a disaster
Thank you! Tell useless @realDonaldTrump to get moving.
Get it done now for Gods sake....people are dying!!
Send the Navy !
Really... Are you spreading lies again? What delay what debate? Your drones will swallow the bait but we won't!

Well, they seem to have clout with @POTUS
All you ever spew is bs! They have to wait until the other hurricane passes and it's safe to go there. But you knew that. Azzwipe!
Make it happen now Senator. No more talk. Get it done. This is terrible.
IMPEACH Trump NOW! HE'S NOT FIT FOR OFFICE. Enough waiting. IMPEACH THIS MENACE NOW! Get it started @SenSchumer Talk to Congress.
It's not Trump
You think that's action enough? Declaring a disaster and ACTIVELY MOBILIZING, visiting & CARING are vastly different things...
TX needs were met immediately- oil country and white ppl. It is beyond disgraceful what is happening in PR/USVI. But expected from DT Admin!

WHERE IS POTUS?
WHERE ARE SHIP LOADS OF WATER, FOOD AND CLOTHES FOR PUERTO RICO & VIRGIN ISLANDS? NEEDED SUPPLIES YESTERDAY!!
Statehood for Puerto Rico. The time is now. And why can’t 4 million Americans vote in the presidential election?
Then bring it to the damn floor, Chuck. You know this. Get USNS Comfort sent out NOW!
@SenatorLeahy @SenSanders Senators what are you going to TODAY for Puerto Rico? Time is not on our side for American citizens.
PR dam about to break and GOP working on stealing healthcare and fighting with the NFL. No wonder ratings so low.
Potus-dereliction of duty- Impeachable
Also, he has declared war on NK!! Not to mention a number of Americans w his hate rallies Please take action to remove him from office NOW!!
Thank you! I just saw on MSNBC that PR is *still* waiting for a federal disaster declaration for 24 of it's 78 municipalities. 
WHY?! 
Really1 Trump yelling "Squirrel" by redirecting our attention to NFL mess he created.  Trump won't take care of PR because they are brown
Hello, can you reach out to the airlines and tell them not to cancel purchase tickets so they can sell them for a higher price , Deadly!
This is for the flights from Puerto Rico, people are dying! Help them, If you cancel people have no money to by more expensive flights!
3.4M Americans on the brink of massive humanitarian crisis. Please act quickly!
AND SIR what will Senate do to aid our fellow citizens?
There will be mass exodus from PR to the mainland in the coming weeks/months. Help is taking too long to arrive These are American citizens!
More spent on ONE trip to #MarALago than has been sent to PR!!
So don't stick any of your PORK on it!
https://www.facebook.com/mlebear/videos/10155026659136588 …
Why were you so quick to spend $700,000,000 on national defense? I suppose PR isn't covered by that. Only boondoggles in the Middle East?
Please call that idiot to get help moving TODAY!!!
We're counting on you.
SENDING relief request to congress 1st/2nd wi in OCT!!!Deaths of Americans citizens on the hands of Donald Trump directly! #brownlivesmatter

Hurricanes are recurring events.  All of this destruction will happen again some day. Relocation is the permanent solution.
I heard the Navy's already there
Time to talk about NFL and NBA players but can't even speak words on our U.S. Territories. @realDonaldTrump is a joke of a leader.
Send them some of the money you stoled from America's hardworking people.
Puerto Ricans ARE Americans!
send some Mexicans over there to rebuild the island. Only way it will get done b/c purrto ricans are too lazy and corrupt to get her done
Yeah, they're not really white.
Then GET ON IT!
Thank you, don't forget PR

Both major parties support statehood, too, right? #bipartisan progress possible?
Republicans don’t. And many will say we want statehood because Puerto Rican’s will vote for Democrats. 3.5 million in represented!
Hey @nytimes: Maybe this should be on your front page daily? You know, like you did with Hillary's use of a private email server! @maggieNYT
Maybe this should be on the front page of the NYTimes
Yes send help now
YOU ARE ALSO TOOOOO LATE!!!!!
Didn't the referendum in June point towards statehood? Would they be treated differently then?
Thank you @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand please be the voice of compassion and humanity in the midst of this disgraceful criminality.

Seeing a lot of this on Twitter, but FEMA is in action, and local officials are praising the Trump admin response. https://twitter.com/donmoyn/status/912318861340549120 …
Please help many of these US citizens move to Florida and help vote out Rick Scott and the GOP
Puerto Rico should have Statehood and bring it into our Country.
They need assistance now
Then quit tweeting and get to work
Say that to your president.

