... especially when u research how many men who are post op & now REGRET it. I mean God bless any1 who really needs it, but not paid by us.
Chuck, when you guys get back to Washington, you've got to focus solely on getting Trump OUT. No other business!
Gina , I will personally buy you a one way ticket to Tahran or any other location that might welcome a traitor
#putinbot #Bots
Ban poor courageous men and women with FLAT FEET!
Hay maybe if you guys didn't push war they could all stay home and play with makeup all day
Always was a ban it was Obama who lifted it & cost tax payers BILLIONS in reassignment surgery, average days off work 234 days& paid leave
53% are committing suicide because they are mentally ill.. and why should we pay for their surgery?
Taxpayers want battle ready soldiers, not legs in air.  If U had concern 4 millions of taxpayers over 6K transgndrs, U wold B doing your job
Impeach him Senator Schumer.  How much more evidence is needed that he is unfit to be President?  We are all wondering...
Did you ask those of us in actual command if we wanted them our units or nah? Since 1775, they were barred from serving. We were fine.
If you actually served, we could say the same thing about you, son.
Do some RESEARCH Chuck, men who have transitioned 2 women have SPECIAL POST OP NEEDS that have no place on the battlefield...
Why should taxpayers be on the hook for surgery that cost over $100k? Being trans isn't the issue - nobody would oppose them if not for cost
They have no place anywhere in society except an insane asylum
Generals say they are more harm than good. I will listen to the generals over you Chuckie.
You mean mentally ill people ?
The ban is un-American.
Fat People wanna serve to. Fat People rights.  People with facial tattoos and flat feet wanna serve Facial Tattoo & Flat Feet rights!!!
Ask Senator Duckworth if she had any concerns that her rescuers were LGBT after she was her helicopter was shot down by the enemy.
was Bradley Manning suffering Gender Dysphoria when he compromised the safety of the U.S. and many of us who had to exfiltrate quickly???
... they'd lock me up. Maybe "self-identifying" as something other than WHAT U R should be not involve REMOVING MAJOR BODY PARTS...
It's not about courage.  It's about taxpayer burden for expensive reassignment surgery.  M-F145K, F-M 125K & lifelong hormones 90K each!
Schumer, you would rather spend DEFENSE dollars on trans gender surgery or a missle defence system to protect millions. Move to Argentina.
... then, go on tv, EXPLAIN those instructions 2 the American pple w/ ur rationale as 2 WHY our generals, etc., should want 2 deal w/ it all
SUGGESTION: Go 2 any website 4 hospitals that do transgender surgeries & READ their post op instructions for men who bcame women. Do it...
... WAR is no time for ur SOCIAL ENGINEERING EXPERIMENTS. If they want 2 serve there are HUNDREDS of ways 4 GOOD pple 2 serve. U libs r nuts
Just consider it a cut in military spending.  You can swallow it better that way.

Don't make me pay for their cosmetic ("gender reassignment") surgery!
The US taxpayers paid $82.24 million for Viagra in 2014 alone as part of the military budget.
Viagra has been proven to restore normal functioning. Breast implants can't change a man to a woman.
You've just demonstrated your stunning ignorance of this topic

I suggest you read up on these things a bit more before making such remarks.
Thanks for the info.
Senator, Shouldn't the focus be on balancing the budget?
& u think  my girl should b in school locker room with them pre-surgery. Yep that's what every dad wants for his kid. What is wrong with u?
Good ppl or not, THEY HAVE SPECIAL NEEDS no one, not generals on the battlefield, nor American taxpayers should be responsible for.
As a Veteran I support Trumps Ban.
Why should tax payers hard earned money pay for surgeries, cnsling, and drugs? We Shouldn't!!!
The military is not a social experiment.
Our armed forces need to be able to use WEAPONS, not chants and dildos.
o
I'm a Dem. I want to see loud, immediate condemnation by Dems of these black mask folks showing up at protests. They are not us. SAY SO.
Just like Hillary.Pandering to Blacks & http://Transgenders.Like  you really care.All you care about is getting a Democrate back in the WH.
Let them join if their surgery is completed & ban any payment for related medications, services from VA health care related to reassignment
Let see how many will service if there is a law that the tax payers don't pay for their reassignment surgery or medications, no paid leave
Ban Americans from paying their cosmetic surgery bills.
Why is it that if it saves us tax payers money it's wrong. Stay out of my pocket   if you want to hackoff you willy pay for it your self
Yep, good job Mr. President!
why don't u go in the trenches then tell us what u think.
Why should taxpayers have to pay for their "transition "?
Hay chuck you  pay the  medical  bills  out of your  pocket,  not  mine
everything was fine till they demanded taxpayer funded sex change ops .. If Taxpayers got2pay4 it let us do it my knifes sharp as a razor
Yes Ban them yes
Yes
And I am a veteran as well !!!  Have u served Senator????

Sad thing's I think McCain & Flake would before Pelosi,Schumer,or Schiff. PLEASE say I'm wrong @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff https://twitter.com/MichelleAKline/status/902015402854703104 …
Gender dysphoria is a mental disorder not something to be encouraged, enabled or celebrated.  Don't see you cheering on the pyromaniacs.
Maybe we should try to get these lost folks the mental help they need instead..?
This ban is the correct thing to do!  It is wrong to do use tax dollars for this.
Hell yes!!!
yes, lots like when the black man integrated... 4 they all needed OPERATIONS white man living in a black man's body?  OOps.. sorry different
we should make carve out 4 Obese people that want 2 be in the military, 4 after all, they R fit marines living in fat mans body #liposuction
How about we re-engineer planes with Braille so they can be flown by blind pilots?  Special operations for them maybe?  We haven't yet...1st
fully integrated women, still problems w/ sexual assualt/harrassment... now U want women taking showers w/ men...that think they R women 2nd
U R TRUE PRAGMATIST Chuck (NOT) But let Dems stay on this racist weirdo thing, & fight 4 Kermit the Frog/Man who wants 2 shower w/ ur niece
I'd like to know how many would join if they knew American taxes won't give them free reassignment surgery &related medications &paid leave

we shouldn't have to pay for their sex operations while in service they can pay for their own!!!!!!!!!!
Sorry loser, Under Article 1 Section 12-14 only the CONGRESS can make laws for the military. Not Obama and his butt buddy Carter
Yeah, we all know what an ass Trump is..... What the hell are you doing about ACA? Show me a proposed bill in writing. Do some work.
It's despicable
What if Androgyny simply makes lousy soldiers?  Duh.  Timid men?  Butch women?  An army, this is not.
Lol
female soldiers down't want to share showers with transgenders that still have all male parts,would you?
taxpayers shouldn't have to pay for the surgery they want. do that first on their own dime, then enlist. its real simple
We don't need people in the military who suffer from #mentalillness. We don't need them in the #Senate either but there you are
May I make a suggestion, Chuck? When you want to post a thread of tweets, reply to your own tweets. It keeps them connected for us to see.
Transgender is a metal disorder just like you are
Get off it.  Obama did that to throw more shit at the US and spend tax $$ on BS. Grow up.  Would you want one in a trench with you?  Hell no
Check out Vets Vote. And you mightcwant to remenber as you judge you will be judged...
serving in the US military is not a right and because they are transgender it doesn't make them special or an exception
If you could be the  be THE MAN.  NOT
Chuckles, I but u are not even aware a major storm is heading to Texas.
Congrats! You just got .003 percent of the vote in New York!  At least that is the percentage that believes your phony support.
They don't deserve to be in my daughter is in the Marines and I don't want them in there with her
What is he afraid of?
OK. Uniformity is key to maintaining moral in the military.
Its not a social experiment.
Get a grip Chuckie! @POTUS was talking about this before the Hurricane. That was an Obama thing. La & Tx support our real President!
Soldiers job is to fight wars, Trans can't meet the medical requirements to be in combat zone, so why would you allow them to join?
Would you hire a truck driver with no drivers license? Same concept with Trans wanna be Soldiers
Did U listen to the Military experts reason why, we want to win wars not pussy foot around like Presidents in last few years have done.
Good! Obama created this mess to destroy our power but never counted on Trump!
No ban them from milking the medical costs to transition. Do it on their dime! The shit equipment u expect them to use is deteriorating
The money it costs for these surgeries could go to making sure soldiers are safe. The lack of funding the last 8 years is killing them
Show us some courage, Chuck.  Slice yours off and borrow a pantsuit from Hillary.  You know - the woman who LOST big time.
Schumer is a idiot

Courageous?! Pffft! They're sick. The military is NO PLACE for social games you nit-wit! #TraitorChuckSchumer
Military does not accept allergies or flat feet, Y so liberal with sex reassignment?  Burdens taxpayers w/235K each. Vote these airheads out
As millions of people are in the path of danger,  you have nothing better to do than to criticize @realDonaldTrump.
NO ban the cost to taxpayers.  M-F -145K, F-M=125K and lifelong hormone therapy is 90K each.  This should not B a taxpayer burden!  20T debt

This is much much worse  ... Illegal Alien @SenSchumer Let Into US Sexually Assaults 12 Year-Old #TanveerHussain

http://conservativeworlddaily.com/illegal-alien-chuck-schumer-let-us-sexually-assaults-12-year-old/ … https://twitter.com/senschumer/status/901251604384493569 …
why dont we put Trumps sons on the front line?  He is real quick to send our kids  to battle!  And shows no respect for transgender vets??
so wrong
What can you do? What will you do. Action Not Words. Tell me what I can do.
What the heck does anyone care.. your all about getting rid of people you dont like.. just put them on the front line already WAH!
Isn't that sexist to refer to gender?



Hey chuck head.  Courage has never been the issue.  Combat readiness for the entire unit is the issue. Your opinion is just One opinion.
Chuck Schumer, no distraction from the military mission at all. It is not like putting your sexuality right out there.
"Don't ask Don't tell" applied to homosexuals and heterosexuals: no dating-behavior whatsoever because it interferes with the mission.
It worked much better.
Chuck, you are so out of touch because those insane people don't believe in "men & women"...they think there are 36 different genders...SAD!
There has always been a ban!!! Obama tried to reverse it but the reversal was still in the final approval stages.
Obviously Chuck you have never really served your country.  No place in the military for transgender.  No need for distractions.
You spelled 'confused" wrong.
Trans folks have more balls &backbone than Mien Kampf trump will ever have!USA needs real President with class &experience &diplomacy!
great move to prevent transgenders getting free sex change operations at the expense of tax payers
Exactly!! Go Trump!!!
Thank you President Trump for making the right decision concerning this issue. Stay focused on your agenda and leave the resistance stunned.
You're killing me Cryin Chuck!! Then introduce legislation & don't make taxpayers foot the bill for the Meds and operations for sex change!
what are YOU complaining about 4F
Only the incapanles n self-oriented are not able to perform multiple tasks at the same time. Pres Trump disqualified himsel from the above!
Its a shame how stupid Chuck is transgender should get banned at the start it fucks up the military but the thick shit don't see it  
YUP! The greatest military power in the world has no place for SOCIAL EXPERIMENTATION !!! #MAGA
Yaaaaaaaaawwwwnnnnn!!!!
You have already said that you evil criminal smuck
No, we are banning abnormal, confused and evil people from our Military. Get a clue, it is not your military Mr Waacko communist
I don't want my tax dollars to pay for their surgical reassignment & medication.  I'm proud of the POTUS to step up & undo Obamas ignorance
Many things disqualify military service. Quit using them to push an agenda.
Definately! I don't want to pay 4 some sicko wanting a sex change on my taxdollars. If a trans & serving with no transmedical needs I'm OK !
yes, absolutely....WTG President Trump..
Most just want to join military so they can get the operation free of charge. You must be a Democrat but then I am profiling.
haha!
And how much time do they lose from deployments because of medical issues?  NO FRICKING WAY!
When you congressmen an senators be strong enough to do something about this person we call President
Yeah, and am sure they will give you the treatment to be one of them, take them up on it Demon.
Don't like it but don't put them in the ME. I wouldn't want to see one being tortured on TV after capture.
They should pay for their own operations and constant drugs.
Donnie allows only people he approves to serve?  Do you see the wrong in this?  Authoritarian thinking. New America????
Men? Women?  What? I think you just broke a Canadian law.
But I guess it was alright for Obama to pardon hundreds of violent criminals from prison. Guess it's a democratic thing !!! ASS
in battle, they could become confused as to who their leader was or the enemy is that they are to fight against
-- So happy to hear that OUR PRESIDENT banned those crazy people from serving. If they are confused on sex, I do not need them.
Not so ....Ban them from making me pay for surgeries.
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled to long in office
What the #Fuck would you know about #Courage #Clown !
No...it's called standing for right and not politically, worldly, wrong..you should know this as a Jew.
What about these little Chuckie??
https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons …
Why should I have to pay for it? Why aren't you using Obozocare? Why do you get donations from big ins companies?
- Fools assume this. About common sense & millions costs. But, as a Senator, u have no concept of cost-it's not u r money!
The word you're looking for Chuckie is Outrageous, not Courageous. There is a difference, even for left wing Democrats.

Why don't you check with Hank Johnson on the tipping over of Guam!!!
Do those people demand special government surgeries or special bathrooms or sleeping quarters?
Do you mean as in Chelsea Manning "courageous"? 
#DrainTheSwamp
#TermLimits
Trans r not interested in serving, they only want TRICARE 2 pay 4 sex change & post-op psychological treatment. We see right through them.
I agree. I am proud of the POTUS to undo Obama ignorance
Go back to practicing law. Military for defeating enemies.
Costs us more money to keep them in the Army..Waste of time...dont need them..
what do you know about military? Do you expect the taxpayers to cover the sex change procedures of a few deranged individuals?
Better use this money on our liberal politicians for a brain transplant!
Every one in America has the Right to Defend this Beautiful Country! This is Pure discrimination of the Constitutional Rights!
Let them serve as they were born. After surgery, let them serve as whether now male or female. But surgery not paid for by military.
I wouldn't want a male in my shower room because he feels like a woman.  No time for experimentation in military.
It is my understanding the operation to change gender is paid for by the military ..Is this true?
We ban a lot of people from the service. The list is extremely large. You should check it out Chuck. Before you pander
The military is suppose to be a lethal fighting force, not a place for any social experiments. Good on @realDonaldTrump for getting it done
Interesting to see people who hate the military suddenly concern themselves with who should be allowed to join.
Remember when Hillary thought gays were evil and blacks were predators.   Too funny.  No one believes a liberal.
They have no place in our armed forces.  President Trump did the right thing and I am PROUD of him.  U would break all laws for your agenda.
POTUS literally just pardoned a guy who blatantly defied a judge's order & you're crowing about breaking laws to defend him? #selfawareness
He defied a judicial order=literally the exact opposite law abiding. If using law & order as a mantra might want to  defending antithesis.
Yes they cost tax payers to much money out of our pockets
I know this is not what a served this country for. Please fix it.
Keep talking Chuck. You're going to give Republicans more seats in the Senate and Trump a second term
Only if at time of war you agree to serve in the fox hole with a soldier who has special needs that can't be met in the heat of combat.
Like I said before Chucky boy you don't know how to follow the law like Joe Arpaio does
