If the GOP's plan was to cause premium increases for millions of American families, they have succeeded.
it's your plan you voted for you're draining our paycheck your to blame. Why didn't you do your job!
No more than Obamacare itself....
Actually Obamacare has.  And continues to destroy the healthcare market. . ..
Get government out of insurance!!!
Wrong! U r not fooling ppl.
You're full of horsecrap Mr. Schuckler!
You know you are just trying to cover up the truth like Hair plugs on top of your head.

Really?
Lies
Keep on going in the direction for modification of the ACA.
No; the uncertainty is caused by you jerks.
So you state an artificial fact and act like we are supposed to believe it?
You can try to blame the GOP chuck, but Ocare is the reason we have this problem.
From the day Obama signed his bill we started losing medical care. And you have been paying the ins. Co. that are failing. Subsidizing all.
Correction You mean Obamacare. Retire Chuck, you're getting confused.
Lying chuckles.
Mr Schumer, with all due respect, Democrats own health care uncertainty. O'care is abysmal failure & you know it. Now cooperate & help fix!
you put taxes on obamacare there are none on the new bill.Your ruled by your hatred and the voters are watching.No wonder democrats lost
Mr Schumer. I don't understand how you and Dems can defend a failing healthcare law in Obamacare. You are an obstructionist. Quit it
How is Obama Care working out? You refuse to comment on it why? It's the only Govt plan! There is no Republican plan Yet! Why not ACA?
Schumer Uslept during OBama Care &your still sleeping. OBama has brought uncertainty 2the insurance markets. U think the Americans r stupid?
Obama care screwed my insurance plan and i don't have it. Maybe if you had it YOU would know  it sucks
If you were forced to be covered under Obamacare you would better understand how ridiculous the mandatory insurance was. Its worthless.
Guess #45 thinks it's a win to defeat Obamacare rather than provide health care to Americans. #45 wants to help insurance companies though.
Chuck the Hack Schumer strikes again. Sad if you weren't so predictable.
That uncertainty started way before day 1. There is no way you fools can blame the demise of obummacare on trump.
Amen to that Christine !
Obamacare  is'nt a disaster. Trump is a disaster before he even entered the presidency race.
Trump doesn't care about health insurance for anybody except himself & his family. You never know who's behind a clowns face.
Actually since Obamacare there has been great uncertainty. It destroyed access to care. Educate yourself before telling lies!
Glad I'm paying for you supports. Freeloading waste. If you want to do something bipartisan why not work on prescription drug cost.
So crying Chuck what did Obamacare do? I know what it did to my healthcare at my work. The dumbocrats plan raised mine 75%. Thanks
Don't criticize a man's plan unless you have a better one!
of the WORST Bills in US history, and you're to blame. (2/2)
AND ObamaCare brought me great worry how I am to pay my growing sky rocket monthly payments. ObamaCare in got to be one (1/2)
But you and your buddies brought disaster to the greatest healthcare system in the world with OBAMACARE.
Thank you for your good work, Senator Schumer, in these difficult times.
You share in the blame for this mess. Both as a partisan politician & as an individual do not have clean hands. You turned a deaf ear to us.
What will insurance carriers response be to so called #bettercare? More pullouts than with ACA?
Caused by the DNC's lies about docs, insurances, cost...they didn't even fully fund it!  Who does that?!
You are a Pig
Exactly what they worked towards to make happen, vs trying to help "We the People" working to make it collapse to say "I told you so".
the great uncertainty came the day you signed the ACA bill. stop calling it healthcare its a law not insurance for your health!
Obama killed the insurance markets. It's time to fix them
From day one you have brought great uncertainty to... well... just about everything you do. Do you do anything? #Backtoworksenator
My deductible went fm $500 to $2250> 4X increase after Obamacare.
My pay didn't increase 4X.
I quit having a yrly physical cause I pay 4 it!
Today, Americans face higher health premiums, vastly higher deductibles in health plans, and higher drug costs . http://time.com/money/4503325/obama-health-care-costs-obamacare/ …
THAT is a lie! the first withdrawals of insurance co's from the market were in mid July 2016. Trump's chances for elections back then? 1.8%

No Chuck.  Wrong again!  Trump made nothing unstable in health care.  Mr Obama did that all on his own!
Excuse me, you must mean Obamacare.
Why don't u try OBAMACARE... u pay and see how it works for u instead of taking your free provided care by the Senate
And the #ACA aka #OBcare didn't!?
No that's what Odummer did!!!
Obamacare has driven the insurance markets out of the market. Do the right thing
This is what happens when elected officials don't have term limits. No accountability +smoke and mirrors.
What part about Obamacare that failed don't you understand? July 2016 most all Insurance companies withdrew in NYS. 
But, how's Obamacare working?
the market was already unsure because of Obama Care Chuck. He just exposed it. Cmon Chucky, relax.
Need more tissues ?
You mean like Dems. did when they rolled out Obamacare?  Oh wait....they DIDN'T!!!
.@SenSchumer If Obamacare was so darn good why was Congress exempt? 

Why didn't you HAVE to PAY HIGH Premiums& HUGE Deductibles?
The reason politicians don't have Obamacare in their wallets is because they KNOW it's crapcare and they aren't stupid. THEY HAVE REAL INS
This was going on BEFORE Trump Chucky boy!
That's why they are a mess. Universal Healthcare for all.
Thank you for keeping the focus on health care legislation. This whole Trump mess is like a bad dream that never ends. We need to Focus/
No, the loss of risk corridor $$ did that
Wait lies... you can keep your doctor  hahaha what a joke you can keep your insurance plan lies by dems
You should be fired smh
From day 1 Obamacare. Be honest Xhuck at least once in your life.
ACA has failed, blame whom you will. God knows @DNC could not be held responsible. Dems didn't know it would fail. Would had to have read it
Oh, just shut up!  Don't you get tired of whining?
I don't understand why GOP is so dead set on hurting ppl.  Trumpcare will kill ppl. They don't seem to care.
Those of us opposed in NC have no voice. Our Rep have Voicemail. No live town hall, generate auto response to email. Don't reply to letters
You're kidding right? Under the current ACA I'm spending 6-8 months straightening out bills and dealing with ^premiums &co-pays

Again if yo had a solution why would you not push it forward. You only care about yourself not even the D
Obamacare brought so much uncertainty. That's why so many of them pulled out Sen schmuk
As though the uncertainty wasn't there pre-Trump.
Obamacare destroyed the health insurance markets!
from day 1 @realDonaldTrump Admin has brought uncertainty to the American people. #HealthcareForAll #ACA
All they try to do is fix what you screwed up so badly that the fix is extremely difficult!
List. Obamacare beat him to it. The thing you voted in. Now maybe you want to fix it. What a hypocrit!
Your steadfast obstructionism is what has brought about uncertainty not only in insurance, but for America.
Chuck one thing at a time please.  Let's lock up Donny Jr. And then the Orange clown.  McConnell can self destruct all by himself.
Never happen. Hillary and Waters  and Loretta and...long list...have jail reservations...first come first serve so to speak.
Really! Please show proof how these people colluded with our enemy to attack our democracy? I'll wait.
It will be a long wait. Colluding is a schumer game plan.
Ahhh you poor soul.
Your obstructing is the problem
while people are dying cuz they cant afford OBAMcare!
Chuck from day one of Obamacare you mean! Why lie to us now after Obama did & the Republicans that were elected to repeal & replace
And Obama card brought disaster to health insurance
Obamacare has done that already. Still waiting for Obamacare to be affordable and Pelosi's Promise "NO DEDUCTIBLES"
and do did Obamacare. Don't you see what's happening. Cut it out. Fix it. Come on
Lyin', Cryin' Chuck now blaming @realDonaldTrump for his disastrous NObamacare law. #zerocredibility
Trump has done more but can't do it with you. You are no leader.
That would've been Obamacare and you Democrats
U have got to be kidding me! U blame Trump for the failing Obamacare. It's a disaster.
It's the typical democrat way blame others for your failures, responsibility?? What's that?

uncertainty? we can do better than than chuck.
Is their an off switch to your mouth senator fake tears Obamacare is a bleeping failure and so is the eight years of obama dems are failure

Get on the networks, Chuck.  For God's sake-Gowdy would be on TV in nothing flat over HRC--yell about Russia, about healthcare--every day!!!
Of course it had nothing to do w/ abomination of ACA Lyin Chuck has failed NYers again Riverdale Hebrew Home is turning down sheets for you
actually that was the ACA...
Trying to blame the ACA failure on republicans is a laugh. It is a complete failure.
Just like the uncertainty that Ocare put on us, but u don't give a crap about that now do U? U need 2 have Ocare then it will get fixed.
Lies
whyhavent you called for jared kushners security clearence to be taken ? 
why is it that you seem to be SLOW to 
 call on IMPEACHMENT
Obamacare did that.

What the f*ck do you think has caused insurers to leave markets across the country? Uncertainty of Obamacare! Get off Twitter. Get it fixed!
Thank you for helping not get too distracted.
Right like Obamacare wasn't failing already.
Obama Care did that, Insurance Company's  are fleeing states
It hasn't started yet. There are hospitals available for people like you and Nancy Pelosi.
Why is there never any regulation of ins co an health industry ???????
Kick ass Chuck.  Don't let this disaster pass.

Your Ocare that you pushed down ppls throats signed at midnight on Xmas eve is what has done this to the ppl who pay your salary
Yeah keep telling yourself that
No,from day 1 the republicans have had their heads up there asses and the Dems have been haters every way possible.Not trump, it's the SWAMP
Hey Chucky on Obamacare. Quit blaming the president on your failures. Obama didn't fix the ACA.
what you really mean is that your obstruction has brought great uncertanty.
Obamacare has ruined out health care system, we had the best in the world and you idiots ruined it.
Hillary destroyed 10's of thousands of emails, took money from corrupt ppl and governments. Sold Russia Plutonium, illegal DNC ops? #MAGA!
Is that the markets up 20% since he took office. Those markets?
Can't lie about another disastrous government welfare program.
Dems started uncertainty and the healthcare mess!!!
The insurance markets have certain tee... collapse under the ACA pasted unanimously by Dems.
Senator.  An administration is an excercise of a democracy.  What Trump has is a regime.  Can we have our democracy back, please?
All four that were left schmuckie! You are a very good liar & scumbag! Excellent at achieving all levels of lowness the situation calls for
You're so wrong. Obamacare done killed it before he was elected.
An your have been the devils,child trafficking, fast and furious, in bed with puntin An more! You day is coming WATCH
No.
Obama did that; brought uncertainty to the health insurance markets.
You are living in an alternate universe...under Obama care my rates are up 70% in w yrs!
In 2 years
Chuck, Too bad the Senate doesn't HAVE TO use Obamacare. Maybe, instead of tweeting you can pass legislation to make it so including Reps
And you clowns brought it to usyour failure ClowneyShumer !!!it on your heads!!
Chuck it seems like you take great pleasure holding up Trumps administration. Chuck sorry you are a big part of the problem in Washington.
From day one the Trump administration has had to listen to your crap. Get a real job.
I personally know people extending their retirement dates because of the risk of insurance premiums rising by 300 since they're over 55
BO brought uncertainty. Now Markets concerned do-nothing Congress won't repeal O'care & we'll have same disastrous socialized HC plan.
Do you have anything else to say because I'm really tired of reading the same thing over and over and over and over and over again
Certain, If #Obama did not gift $450 per American to Iran, $150 Billion, DEMs could have had any #Healthcare they wanted. @realDonaldTrump
INSURANCE MARKETS? STOP IT. Please go home and stay there.
Nice Spin Chuck but no Cigar 
FROM Day 1, Obama's actions have brought great uncertainty... especially when the frigging taxpayer subsidy $ ran out. Set up to fail!
Haha that is the pot calling kettle black. Now get off your high horse & help come up with a solution to the disaster you call Obamacare!
Nice! I always ask these jokers to put forth a solution and... crickets. @SenWarren @MaxineWaters @SenFranken
However, they've brought job security to numerous law offices, rejuvenated SNL and WaPo subscriptions are way up.
And Obama lied to get Obamacare passed. Remember "if you like...you can keep it"? #nomorepolitecs We give you a great salary and bennies!
Lol no uncertain about it Obama care is dead
#childrenofthecorn quit saying save #ACA you don't use#ACA because you're to good for it!Stop saying you know what is good For America #MAGA
what do you mean there are no insurance markets left  in a lot of states!
Failing Obamacare did that on its own.
Get rid of these criminals. GOP too.

Obamacare Killing Americans and in a Death Spiral! Chuck be a man and step up for the Democrats and Repeal this failed Law!
He is only an opportunistic pol. He first. The rest of you a distant second.
If your were living in the real world you would have realized Obamacare did that. #repeal
Exactly
*Obama Administration's
All of his actions on everything have brought uncertainty. Wall Street condfidence is shaky
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Mr.Schumer!!
A bunch of incompetent people & Trump should #ResignNow
With all do respect that's not what @foxandfriends and @SpeakerRyan  say. Lol
From day 1 2009 when you Destroyed healthcare for millions ! Thank God Trump is willing to repeal it ! No more 1987 a month premium
Exactly that is why the markets are failing. Threat of withholding payment
Really? 
Inhofe and Conaway sure are scooping up the insurance stocks though. Nothing like a little insider trading over the holiday weekend.
And Obama care raised rates, until people have to decide pay tax or bankruptcy
