I other victims of Cy Vance NYPD IA fixing not Harvey Weinstein want Special Prosectors Investigate Cy Vance, ADAs NYPD IA as well our cases
NYPD Sex Crime Unit Listen Not Harvey Weinstein. Det says I don’t need badge# offers advice! I called2 report crime! http://suzannahbtroy.blogspot.com/2017/10/nypd-sex-crime-unit-listen-not-harvey.html …
Hear #NYPD Chief Boyce Det. Sex Crimes Unit violate protocol tells me I don’t need her badge#! What abusers do
Impeach him!!


Judicial Watch Files Ethics Complaint Against Adam Schiff: 
Best News I've heard All Day @JudicialWatch @TomFitton  http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/04/judicial-watch-files-ethics-complaint-adam-schiff-info-schiff-disclosed-classified-information-video/ …
Enough waisting our tax dollars on Hillary BULLSHIT. Hold Mueller and Comy responsible for the witch hunt. Toss them ALL in JAIL.
impeach trump today
dt is handing America and our Democracy to Putin on a platter. The Anti-American republicans will do NOTHING! Time fora people's march on DC
Jean, you need to educate yourself.
I am a 65 year old educated American, standing up for our American Democracy. I suggest you educate yourself on the facts sir.
Ignore you agree with Chris Hayes or Chuck Schumer,  you are not educated.
Slow & steady WINS
the race!!! HANDS OFF!!
slow government is a bad government,
Are u. Crazy rush what. They have been looking for months enough already go after Crimea we know happened Hillary, DNC, IRS. Come on.
Keep spending taxpayer money on high priced liberal lawyers, right Chuck? How long does it take to manufacture evidence?
yes, lets get this over with, obviously they are incompetent and cant find anything or something would be done already, but typical bad gov
the racist pig trump knows he is headed to jail

true american s are fed up with the racist Nazi pig trump impeach today
Waste of time and money.
Just how many more $$$$ should we waste on this?  If the DNC was paying for it, it would have been stopped months ago.  Investigate Clinton!
Rush?? You cannot be serious. Mueller &his associates, along w/congressional members supporting this fiasco, are wasting time & taxpayer$.
It's been a Year!!!! not one of them has even spoke to Julian Assange that has all the info!!Swamp creatures afraid of TRUTH!Disgraceful!
RushHow long & how much money has this ALREADY put into Corrupt Politicians Hands
admit it , it's a witch hunt grasping at straws , all based on accusations , and a total waste of time .... The Russians DID NOT affect shit
Shame on you for failing to demand independent prosecutor to investigate Obama gov’s abuse of power & conspiring w/ MSM & DNC in elections.
So silly and waste of money! Clinton's and Russia. INVESTIGATE
Rush??? Its been more than a year and nothing has been found
Start working for the good of America not party lines. This is what America sends you (potus) if you don't all start working together.
I think after 18 months "Rush" is a bit of an exaggeration ...... I think it's time to "shit or get off the pot" !!!!!

Oh please..you are evil people.your own party Clinton, IRS, DNC with Russian ties, Schultz and Lynch
Do you actually believe all people are as dumb as the ones that put you in office ?
Good old fashion "CROOKS" what can we do to fight back.. the resistance is ready to kick some GOP butt..
Rush the probe? You must be kidding! 10 month that is rushing it. Don’t know what you would consider normal. No wonder nothing get done.

Like to point out the left spent its week defending unpatriotic millionaire athletes and abusive billionaire directors. Party of the People!
Rush !! How damn long do you need and what about Hilary?
Wp opinions this is pure political divisive agenda that means nothing we should strive to #worktogether not tear things apart #fakenews
Rush? It's been going on for months with nothing to show for it. They should have investigated Clinton half as much
Rush ???  Must be kidding its been 10 months with not a shred of evidence.   Your playbook on this is getting old.  Schumer the hypocrite !
what rush 9 months is a rush bs
How many lawyers does it take to find a crime? 20 in Mueller's case. How much are WE paying for it?
Hell its been over a dam year. How long does it take? Why arent we after Hillary for lieing to Congress? While others go to jail...
The Democrats adore these people in Hollywood.   http://www.breitbart.com/big-hollywood/2017/10/15/actress-lysette-anthony-alleges-weinstein-raped-london-home/?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social …
NO 'RUSHIN' AROUND. What was that a Russian
The Russian probes march on and need to take their time . Americans r discerning people who want 2 know what has really& is really going on.

Take your time Mueller DO IT RIGHT, MAKE IT STICK!
All of it hinges on Fake Dossier AND Fake Media.  Dems are liars and traitors to US CITIZENS.
#fakenews
You mean the Clinton Russian collusion? Lock her up now!
Want all deets
-Yes we can!! It is over! Nothing found! ENOUGH! Quit wasting our hard earned taxpayer dollars! Use Democrat money if U want to continue!!!

It's a big nothing burger.
Why are you referencing VERY FAKE NEWS!!!
Nice try
Shocking that all the sex abusers in Hollywood are all DEMOCRATS!
How long did they go after Hillary
The Democrats love their sex abusing celebrities and are all shocked this was going on in Hollywood. Yea right.
Yeah what's the rush all of a sudden?

Why Chuckie? Because you have evidence? Haven't heard anything in months about collusion. ZERO evidence after 10 mos. You got squat. Move on
How do you rush an empty story? I think the story is "why are you wasting our money"! Adam-Chucky??? Talk about waste!!!
Rush guess a year of finding nothing with an army of political hacks is more then the American citizens can take ur done chuckie Good Bye
Too much time & $ has been wasted on this foolish investigation. Show something substantial or quit this foolishness.
Hay schumer & dnc , u goons R BUSTED!! U smell as bad as u look
The Washington Post, Chuck? Really? You need to find some different sources!
I just keep thinking when you got nothing nothing equals nothing that's why nothing is nothing! Russia case closed. LMFAO
nothing has come from the probes.Russia did nothing.Democrats and media colluded with Hillary to win the elections it did not work you lost
Truth is winning!!!! This is not truth it's propaganda for the uninformed.... continue though destroy yourselves
They can rush the house and senate but they won’t rush Mueller
No the longer Mueller and his idiots play this game the dumber they will look I love watching democrats look dumb
They know the heat is on and they know they're in trouble! Come on it's Mueller time
The democrats are trying anything to derail the GOP

Doesn't his mental condition  count ,isn't that enough.. Geez People someone need to hit  you over the head with a book.  #unfit
Why...is the WP running out of BS to print?
And you say it's being rushed? Give us a break. Congress is what needs to be investigated.
How many millions of tax dollars are being wasted on this? It's been almost a year since the election and it doesn't appear any closer.
How many billions of our money can they spend on this witch hunt? Not anything yet need what another 50 years & $1 trillion to spend?
Investigating for over a year and still no concrete proof! Give it up already!! TRUMP IS PRESIDENT and HILLARY LOST!!
With #Muller #Democrat dream team unlimited purse I'm certain it's being dragged out; they've had enough time. Put up or shut up.
OMG stop this fairy tale. Millions wasted
Hopefully  Muehler and his team of 16 distinguished attorneys nails this raving lunatic once and for all!
Sounds like the kind of partisan trash commonly spewed by Adam Schiff. He forgot to mention, what if they continue to find no evidence? 
How could they. The only control is pardons or fireings?
It's a waste of time and taxpayer money but the Dems don't care, they know it's bull crap but they have to look good.
Rush what stop fake news
Fake sources
Fake opinions
Fake news
Maybe they are tired of you wasting our time and money!
The Russia fake news?
@realDonaldTrump  there u go again chuck using the WASHPO has facts when indeed they are just writing their DNC -LIBERAL view   geez chuck snap out of it
Since months have gone by without charges being placed against Trump. And the side raiks it has taken taints findings.
Or not rushing nothing it's been a whole freaking year and you guys haven't found nothing it's time to end it you're wasting taxpayer money
Don’t worry Chuck - #wapo won’t run out of fake news to report.
Another member of the MORON CLUB!! WATCH!
Rush it?? There is every reason to end the probes! And zero reason to keep them going
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @RogerJStoneJr @SteveBannonWH45 @Secy_State_US @GeneralJFKellly @GOP #MAGA #Resistance @LindseyGrahamSC @VP
Anything to stay away from actual issues that would make a difference right?
Sure, waste millions of taxpayers money and end up with a nothing burger
Waste of time and money!They should be investigating you,Pelosi,Clinton's And the Obama's! comrade. @SenSchumer
Sure. End that. Get me all on the other stuff. House of Criminals....
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Wasting tax payers’ money, huh?   How much was spent by cabinet members on chartered planes?   Work towards the truth...let justice be done
Rush???? Hahahahah a year now and nothing.,,, enjoy the witch hunt
#FakeInvestiga, intelligence agencies report about hacking #DNC by #RUssia isn't credible #FBI has never examined server
 work on #TaxReform
Well, you DEMs have all your chips on the Russia probe. And...Zilch!  Dilemma is concede now & admit defeat or drag out & pray for miracle.
Not so much. Us "Dems" are relying on facts. Do u watch anything other than FOX? IDIOT!
EXCEPT CAN'T HAVE TRUMP AS PRESIDENT MUCH LONGER!! HE'S SQUASHING DEMOCRACY & FOOLING WITH NUCLEAR WEAPONS!!- ETC. ETC.
Your a liar and what etc ?
Mr; Putin who's that in the photo on the wall? A buddy of mine!!
OMG! FOR REAL??
Fake news!
Rush the Probes? You Moron's have been looking for dirt from the day he said he was going to run! You have proof on Hillary and do nothing!
WE WANT THE WITCH HUNT TO END AND THE DEMOCRATS THAT DREAMED UP THIS FALSE CRAP TO BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE .CHUCK LOVES RESISTING AND SCANDAL.
Nobody gives a damn about Russia it just makes Hillary's campaign look worse by the day let it go bro
Russia is a threat, anyone who doesn't educate themselves on FACTS about Russia is not an American. There has been an attack on democracy
Yeah, we need 2 waste MORE of the taxpayer's money 4 nothing. U want a link 2 Russia? Look squarely at Hellary Clinton & her slimeballs
LOL @ Russia
Y'all aren't there 2 probe you are there to work the will of the American people and that isn't to investigate the president we just elected
Russia Russia..you dems mocked Palin for seeing Russia from her front porch. YOU DEMS SEE THEM EVERYWHERE!  TERM LIMITS
Stop the sham there is no rilussia colusion is one in Clinton camp
This shit has been going on for almost a year. Time to move on DNC.
Radical Democrats and Deep State FBI is costing tax payers a fortune . They already had plenty of time . It's a witch hunt .
Bot
I wish someone would rush it. This impeachment thing needed to happen month's ago. Hurry the fuck up @FBI.
The Russia probe is nothing but a witch hunt. Sure didn't hear you libs cry treason, when Obama was arming ISIS.
