Of course you don't wanna create jobs, Dems has always been about crushing jobs.... We should talk about fast and furious.
You were ok with Obama doing it. Double standard- obstructionist
But it was ok for Obama give Iran millions of dollars?  A true enemy of The US?  Really?
There are also real terrorists who want to Kill Americans. Which is more important? The rights/Safety of Americans? or the rights of others?
There are serious humanitarian concerns with killing innocent children. The Democrats support the killing of defenseless babies...
Claiming that the mother's convenience is more important than a child's life is a disturbing infringement on unborn rights.
If the Iran deal was good enough for Dems, I can't see Dems having any trouble with this deal unless they're a bunch of hypocrites #MAGA
They ARE a bunch of hypocrites!
You hypocrite demsenators,  u  all  celebrated  the Iranian  deals.
LOL is that going to be your next video
The president has made promises and wants to increase sales for his buddies
Mr. Schumer, my guess is that you will do your best to monkey the Saudi arms deal up too. Sad. Why not help rather than tear down?
TERM LIMITS
You don't give a damn about anyone's rights but yours. Get to work
Stop being a hypocrite.  Dems don't care about human rights & humanitarian concerns.  Look at their history with Obama and Clinton.
Another major success in trash can!
U push back against Trump on everything so no waybi can trust u on anything! No matter what he did u would fight against it
U mean like Obama giving more than a trillion to Iran, or clinton selling our uranium to Russia, or not standing up to Cuba?
We should turn America into England. Right???

The deal your boy OBAMA began before leaving office. Be sure to highlight that little tidbit. And heaven forbid the MidEast take action! #45
Document like the Russian Investigation?
Did you have these concerns over Obummer's arms deal with Saudi Arabia? Or his Iran Nuclear Deal? 
Chuck Schummer what  have u done for the poor Americans? u only fought  for  your pocket and for your failure you are obstructionsit againt
Not one word from sch about the disastrous iran deal. Fast and furious? #UseLess sch
Of course it's The Fly, Chucky Schumer. Lots to say but never does. Can you say Blow Hard boys and girls?
Then why didn't you fix them in the 8 yrs of Obama? Yah that's what I thought!
Where were you with Obama and Iran?
This arms deal was Obama's, Trump just sealed it.
Hey Schumer and Sanders. Why didn't you fight against the Saudi's when Hillary received $25 million and Bill received $1 million? Hypocrites
It doesn't matter what Trump does you will oppose it doesn't matter you will oppose it
Are running the Orange Head Clown agenda in the WH from healthcare, tax cut to international relations.Everything is for his &Kushner pocket
Saudi is just another China, Russia. Unfortunately he have borrowed tomuch money from these3 so they run hisshow. Disgrace private interest

#InSessions: You Have A lot to answer for. 
#FOLLOWTHEMONEY.In any "deal" we can be sure Trump has set up surrogates &/or fam to collect under the table. Follow & INVESTIGATE THEM ALL!
As important as victims of your Fast n' Furious debacle? Think those weapons didnt maim & murder citizens. Lyin Chuck...a tired old Fool!!!
Yet u talk in broad terms...may be u should try being specific in details
fun ni??? howl is CPD and the gang problin hear in US of a??? Crazy you you sa bout dis and nob about a wall??? your 3 and 30 yr Co???
leave work for the kids??? yall waiting for an Entrepreneur to make money off the dead sea??? yall know they R thing the governor R suppot??
LOOK AT THE SINISTER GLEAM ON HIS FACE!  How vile and evil he is. The spirit of Harry Reid has consumed @SenSchumer OBSTRUCTION is a crime.
You don't give a dam about anybody else but yourself
Stay on it!
But, no problem with Iran deal? Really?
Saudi deal does not exist - no contracts were signed - Trump knows this and expects the Senate to block regardless.
Well of course...block anything and everything no matter what.  Total ahole.
What about Obamas Iran deal... chuckie???
The Dummyctates..aka the Obstructionists..led by YOU Chuckles!
But you were okay with sending Billions to Iran.
Chuck let's be honest. You are only against it because President Trump is for it. If HRC was making the same deal you would be all for it.
Since when did you start to care about women's rights?

You need to resign Meatball
Chucky have you ever in your lifetime said something that is good for country. I personally have not therefore please resigned please resign
Where were u on the Iran deal!?  Not peep old man!  Retire!
To bad you can't work with anyone
Ummmm wait Chuck....you were cool with it when Obama purposed it. Besides, since when have you become all moral and shit?
Wonder where all that concern was when Obama was making his Iran deals......
Is there anything you don't B&M about? Trump could bring an end to gangs in USA and you would still find fault!
If U follow Schumer U know he is a lightweight. Concentrates on OBSTRUCTION He has no idea how to push ahead with programs to help Americans
Go go go - please stop the insanity
But none in the Iran deal?????
Please work with the President. Constant pushback makes you seem unreasonable and partisan. Be a leader work with President! #nonpartisan
A Lyin' Leopard can't change it's spots
Obstruction at every turn. Is it any wonder Dems did so badly? So out of touch with ppl Chuckles
Where were you on human rights when Hillary was taking money from the Saudis?
Funny how you backed Obama's arm deal now it's a problem? Be carefulyour hypocrisy is showing.
Please support the Freedom to Travel to Cuba Act 2017 proposed by @SenatorLeahy and @SenJeffFlake. POTUS's agenda is to undo obama's work.
@realDonaldTrump doesn't care about human rights. Don't accept the narrative about restrictions on trade and travel to Cuba.
Here's the real motivation:
I believe it. Listening to @marcorubio at these hearings makes me want to scream.
Human rights like your poster child Hillary cared? Give lots of $. She didn't care who they beat or murdered in Saudi. I know you forgot
Guess you forgot about Iran and Cuba deals under obama. Hypocrite.
What about Obama's Iran deal? What a darn hypocrite
Stick with it Chuck!  We need you!!!
Some Republicans are against this too. Trump doesn't care. He just wanted to make a deal even if a bad one.
Another twisted statment from the dems. After everything you have done I will never be a Democrat again. To far left and fake propaganda
Funny nothing said about millions given to Iran
But it was ok for Obama to give Iran all there money back at nighttime. You said nothing about it. Your still a looser!
Why don't you work on taking care of the citizens of  before you stick your nose where it don't belong! needs to come first!
More arms in the middle east is exactly the wrong direction for U.S. leadership to take.
Ok chuckles more face time. Your an embarrassment to NY. Please you and Andy just go away
Shouldn't be dealing with the Saudis
Thank you.
Only want to block now because they hate Hillary is not POTUS. Chucky does not care that 1000's of job in US will be gone if he gets his way
What about the 1000's of people in Yemen who are starving to death, Saudi's military involvement in Yemen shouldn't be armed by the US.
Where do U get US funding Saudi? Selling weapons not the same. Who cares about Yemen? they want to fight so have at it. Been there it sucks
Incase you are unaware, ammunitions the Dems are advocating against r guided ammo, a mere fraction of the whole package. Never voted yes 4.
The Dems are against everything the GOP does. but was ok to GIVE 20 F-16 fighter jets to Egypt as Sharia dictatorship
What if this came from Obama?, I would bet my job against your job you would be dancing around shouting look at the jobs we are creating.
POTUS IS NO LEGAL NOVICE
why, how, is this person in charge of US government???
Obstruct and lie about everything. That's what you do RAD RISE AGAINST DEMOCRATS. DEMS want to punish all who voted Republican. #MAGA
What about the deal you and Obama made with Iran.
July 4 is about human rights. Chuck, you are taking us down the same road the British did & your selfish controlling ideals are going to end
No kidding!? Really?

Thank you. Human rights concerns in pretty much Every arms deal actually
CHUCKIE cut the crap get to work on health care and tax reform I am sick and tired of your freeloading Aren't you making enough
It's was cool when Obama was doing it. Now it's not. Pathetic partisan pandering from Senator Pander.
VOTE SCHUMER OUT HE IS NOTHING BUT A OBSTRUCTIONIST HE CONTINUES TO POLITICIZE THE FAKE RUSSIA CONSPIRACY THEORIES
How much money did you get off of Soros son Friday coup leader non patriotic scum
Investigate Schumer follow the money non patriotic leader of coup to destroy the United States of America
Went back 10 days on several top Dem's not one said anything about 3 killed soldiers in Afghanistan non patriotic leaders
@SenFeinstein @NancyPelosi, @SenKamalaHarris, @MaxineWaters, @SenSanders not one has said anything about 3 killed soldiers n Afghanistan
Fake leaders don't care about people just lining their pockets with money. Non patriotic scum
Dem's are non patriotic don't care about our servicemen don't care about citizens just their wallets bought and payed for by soros
Nazis undercover all have hands in Soros pocket Nazi sympathizer's follow the money all in coup to over throw gov @POTUS
Saudi Arabia is a terrorist state
Quiet on Clinton and Saudi though
I could argue taking health care away, making it less affordable is also a humanitarian issue and that's on this administration own people
And your position on Cuba senator??
You and Rand Paul two of akind y'all have supported everything to do with Saudi in the past,but now that Trump supports them it's a problem
@realDonaldTrump You want to give more bombers!!
Yawn
Obstruct obstruct, lie, resist. THAT IS THE ONLY THING YOU HAVE FOR AMERICA! SHAME ON YOU.
Obama bush and clinton made simular deals. Obama for example was for 100 billion. #sethrich will put you in prison. #murderer
Schumer didnt object to Obama paying billions of $$ dollars in ransom money to Iran or supporting the Iran nuclear deal.Why now?
of course you are Chuckie
I get that. But so there was with the Iran deal. And you voted for it. Hypocrite!
Did you object to the Iran deal? Were their human rights violations okay?  Just curious.
Trump is hell bent on undoing all Obama's work and deconstructing the government thanks pres bannon #impeachtrump #liardon
How can either President do a deal with Saudi though? That is just morally wrong.
So why did you vote yes when Obama was selling arms? Where was your conscious then? You don't care for human rights, only political points!
Why did republicans vote against Obama's and for Trump's? Same reason huh?
Absolutely!!! Glad he's come around to the side of peace...
That's because Democrats and Liberals support Iran.
By their actions they want Iran to become a nuclear power and Crush Israel.
...Worst. President. Ever. Period. ...
Long ways to go to pass Obama in that "worst" category! If you want the gov to control your life move to France, Germany or Sweden!
Where was your concern when Obama made his deal? You're a fear monger, and your time in office is limited. #DrainTheSwamp  #StartWithChuck
It isn't he reversing obamas thing with Cuba based on humanitarian. Concerns?
#DEATHCARE Republicans are passing it behind closed doors zero public hearings #DEATHCARE we need to have marches asap call your Congressman
THANK YOU CHUCK -- LOVE YOU !! DON'T GIVE UP WITH THIS NIGHTMARE OF THIS NATION !!
there are real human rights/humanitarian concerns in the secret AHCA bill, too. Please block all senate biz until we can see the bill.
Senator, why cant Trump be stopped from enacting anything until after the investigation?
Well he believes anyone other than his people aren't real people why should any of this matter to him?
@realDonaldTrump #TheResistance
That is what he taught his son Eric "Democrats aren't real people" Right?
So forget him caring about humanitarian issues he needs to be bulldozed into acceptance of these things or they wont fly.
I admire your perseverance on the issues here Sen. but I don't envy the position you're in having to fight uphill every day.
So you didn't care when obama gave arms to al Qaeda in Syria which killed many innocents but your complaining about giving an official gov?
Proof?
It's well known. If you don't know then you must not be paying attention of what's going on.
You allowed Obama to sent Iran Billions of our tax dollars and did and said nothing. So shut the hell up now !
Was NOT our tax money!!!
Anytime money leaves America, it's our tax money. Where do you think puts money in our treasury? The Good Fairy?
It was not our money it was theirs and it was returned to them.
Yea Right. lol
I can see you know what you're talking about so maybe you can tell me what was said in the Comey closed hearing??
You already know or you wouldn't be asking.
How do I know? It was a closed hearing but your kind seems to know. So please tell me how you know there's been no collusion or obstruction
I overrule. Saudi US Defense Deal is good for jobs, security for both #KSA and #US. #Tatiana
Agreed! Thank you for standing up for humanity.
Block the arms sale! 10034 cc @SenGillibrand
What about BO & Clinton arms sale to Syria from Libya???? Where was your hypocritical voice then?
Meeting with Soros son...always knew you were corrupt!
You never cared before what is different now?
Yemen, people are starving. Saudi continues to disrupt.
You have enough to work on right here at home
