@dscc @SenSchumer just remember to keep the heat up on all policies we don't want passed
yes keep up the heat by calling the reps and congress if they try to pass policies we don't like
no because Russia interfered with the election that's why he keeps trying to prevent the hearing
We have to stay at it! We need to see this Russian things thru to the end. FORCE if need be ind invest
.@SenSchumber @ABCPolitics @VetsForObama @NancyPelosi THANK YOU Chuck & Nancy for your leadership!
Care to explain how America would be better off under #trumpcare?
BYE!!! You're clearly blocked
Trump promised better cheaper healthcare,  TRUMP LIED Trumpcare was a betrayal. more broken promises
He didn't lie.  House Reps lied to their constituency.  Bill was yanked. So you are lying about Trump - AGAIN.
That's gibberish
I know it's tough for you to understand truth, so it us gibberish - to YOU.
Thank you senator!! We are looking to you to save us all!!
..over a false narrative..in the end they will be hurt because they are puppets.paid protestors
#MedicareForAll Should be a Right. https://twitter.com/WoobieTuesday/status/846459784501039109 … #BernieCare
it dies help us drain the swamp of establishment career leeches, like you and Ryan.  I'm watching excitedly!
My Medicare up 65%! Bigger deductibles. Repeal and replace Obamacare ONLY
Those protests meant nothing. Your selling a false narrative. AHCA defeated bcs it failed to repeal ACA. See u soon
The real Chuck
obamacare has been a disaster for me, your constituent. #obamacarehurts
obamacare has to be replaced, Ryan care didn't do enough. We need to start over & dump obamacare completely.
and the new plan will be more conservative, ill laugh all the way to the Dr, idiots.
Praise what exactly?  The failing of Health exchanges?
Chuck you're praising the violent protesters? They set fires and assaulted citizens. Yes, this is your voter base.
how does this clown figure he gets to speak for America about the Democrat Party it's a figment of his imagination
know nothing about average people. We spoke very loudly in November, you're still not listening.
they keep blaming Russia when in reality people are disgusted by him and the liberal media
Thank you @SenSchumer for all your hard work!
Two of the least trustworthy, #ABCNews and @SenSchumer. ObamaCare is in a death spiral and you defend it!
...is cuz it was horrible enough for the far right conservatives who didn't want to cover anyone. They want preACA
forget you Schumer. You did nothing for anyone except scream about Russia. The only reason it was stopped...
.@ABCPolitics .@SenSchumer Dems ignored, disparaged, & ridiculed when #teaparty protested in 2010. But it's OK when libs protest #Hypocrite

thk you sen schumer and dems, too @RepAdamSchiff @NancyPelosi
Well praises are overrated. We thank you all who stood with us.
Smart LEGAL immigrant law abiding now American citizen are ALL behind Pres Trump NOT bec of Russia-GET IT
ALL the people who get it for free that YOU stole from people whose premiumss went up 40%? Not a more dishonest Pol
yep,,,that thing is a real gem. Let's make sure we keep it!
He reminds me of the Joker in Batman!! Looks just like him!! LOL..
Chuck Schumer's lies must stop & he must resign for the good of the nation! Have him read Profiles in Courage!
Paid faux protesters. 

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C74DSQUVAAApcw-.jpg …
political advocacy 4 ObamaCare and against RyanCare has consequences, cuz left in place, ObamaCare is ghastly
I was terrified.  I called, protested.  I was frantic.  I cried repeatedly.  Trumpcare would have killed me.
So you want me to die?  That speaks volumes about your lack of character & humanity.  Love others.  
Thx for the label, "average people", Chuck. It's demeaning especially coming from a "politician".
NOW our Poltiicians need to wk together something you seem to never do!!! Forget the party Americans wk 4 Americans
let AMERICANS vote on your useless program and see what happens ??
So you only acknowledge the protesters that agree with you ? That's sad Chucky.
Schumer was wrong! Those weren't "average" people!
Again, Schumer, for someone who is supposed to be smart you say stupid things! 150 million Americans were for AHCA!
Yeah all the free loaders and illegals
Thanks Chuck but unless this pressure is increased without pause the GOP will have their way. Write/call Reps
The President could of just signed it into law as Obama did. So maybe you should be thanking him.
THE  AMERICAN WON THIS ONE!
BS You said you wouldn't work with him when he took office.
You have no power to fix it. We will see how happy these people are when it fails.
Thank you Senator Schumer. You are a true American patriot. We need you! Stand strong.
LET OBAMA CARE IMPLODE. THE DEMOCRATS OWN THIS!!!!!
Schumer told the American People to go F themselves and gave us Obamacare.Tell Schumer to go pound sand
Chuckie @TheDemocrats are just about as far from average people as you can get.
you mean the deplaurables
I guess their insurance premiums have decreased with ACA. My healthcare costs have only increased.  Thanks Schumer!
What about my family, Chuck ? Why do you have Cadillac insurance. Why don't U have Obamacare ???

Did you thank the paid protesters as well Chucky?
Yea,all the ' takers' with the Xtra time to protest because they have no jobs they have to go to.
actually not one of your demential democrats did, it was us Conservatives that killed the bill...
please resign now
Most of those ppl r not small business owners! Prob get free hc or through their job. Sm bus screwed here. SHAME!
& those that protested doesn't use it either! This was just a call by hateful democrats to screw Americans that have no choice but 2 use it.
If U cared about Americans U would've voted 2 repleal & replace Obamacare! U don't use Obamacare so U don't get how bad it is for Americans!
Chuck Schumer needs to clean his ears and open his eyes, the people voted to repeal Obamacare.
Trump wouldn't get rid of existing condition mandate. That's why freedom caucus wouldn't support. Thinking of us
The votes of over 150 million Americans were behind the AHCA. America was let down by every no in the house!
Schumer is a piece of work! Traitor, liar, & crook! Sad!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
We're NOT finished Senator.Proactive LEADERSHIP is required.Time4shiny objects!Announce agenda w/o proposed actions
Thank You...
What about the paid fake protesters?
@MarkRuffalo @SenSchumer AHOLE!!
Average people? We rnot average people-we're doing work u should have been doing-but perks/power hard 2 say NO 2 4U
Shit Schumer has not felt the full force of the TRUMP THUNDER yet, nor have the RINOS. But they will soon!
Thank you Sen Schumer for listening and caring about ALL Americans. TRUMPCARE hurts the old, poor and disabled.
That's the left for you. They will protest anything.
of course he does, he LOVES it when all he has to do is go ask for bribes because we do his job
Stop taking credit. The GOP new it wasn't right and they didn't let it go to a vote. DEMS are taking credit?Really?
What 1% of the 330,000,000 out there? Get real no dictatorship in US as the Dems want.
@MarkRuffalo @SenSchumer you guys are thanking Chuck and Nancy for being powerless and doing pretty much nothing right?
Tax Reform may potentially be another failure. Vigilance is required to deal with Trump. Hold Trump accountable!
@MarkRuffalo @SenSchumer He also said "That's not presidential, that's petulance." 45 in a nutshell.
Lol. Schumer is a hack.
@mpshapiro @SenSchumer Now what will it take to repair the ACA to bring down cost and insure even more Americans #FixItNow
@dscc @SenSchumer trump is not serious about governance or does he have the ability to lead our Country.
Next up, #IndependentCommission
no problem Chuck.
Democrats= no ideas, no nothing. I'm going to sit back and laugh when ACA implodes before mid terms
ABC control media edcuation entrainment sociallism 101. Blind fish will follow over the cliff.
You don't get it Chuck! They were protesting because it didn't REPEAL #ObamaCare
Significantly raising rates for 93 mil making them underinsured & creating instability in family budgets is a win?
Senator Schumer, you think that was protesting? Bring us single-payer or I swear you ain't hear nothin
I do not want government healthcare.
praises go to the paid protesters now we have 2 pay income tax on my health insurance. Good move dems
Thank you. I called Walden's office 3 times and have the bill to prove it.
@MarkRuffalo @SenSchumer coming from a guy who didn't support Obamacare to begin with
It felt good to see that our Reps and Senators were listening.  Hooray for the little people.
Chuck the smuck. Stop asking what is good for your pocket and do ask what can I do for America.
Yes, I protested with our district's INDIVISIBLE group! It was a liberating experience. Will keep my voice heard.
working class suddenly love Obamacare?
Respect to all who RESIST 
chuck schemer is evil 
THAT is NOT what killed this bill. Rushing & cramming down our throats like Dems killed it!
Obamacare doesn't work in all states!Tell that to the people who lost everything because of the useless Obamacare!
It doesn't work in states where R govs and legislatures refused to fully implement it.
huh? I guess he crawled back in his cave..?
Thanks. We'll be there again and again, as needed.
@DaShanneStokes @SenSchumer Thank you for being our voice in the senate.
Chuck Schumer is a pansy fart in a suit!
We The People Won!Thank you, Dems, for caring about us
Your welcome; now Dems must proactively do something!  ACA better than before but too convoluted & too costly
They have no power to do anything. I really don't think they've figured that out yet.
hilliarys foundation owns you.. we all know what's involved with the evil & criminal acts if u belong 2 her! 
glorified obstructionist and inciting violence...how do you sleep at night knowing someone's blood is on ur 
? Why can't GOP just make and pass a bill? Party of personal responsibility?? 
Hey Schumer - shut Up!
We must continue to decry the opposition and injustices that plague the average hard working American people The elderly and children
Yes, exactly : the corrupt Dem party are all of these.
@Truthbuster @SenSchumer 
u mean dim spin & swayed question's wanting America 1 class themselves
you #CryBabySchumer
You may want to consider working with GOP to create legislation that works for all American people.
Unless you think you can get reelected on a platform of "I  have blocked any and all progress for years"
NOW, let's cut to the chase & warm up the troops to protest & demand Trump's IMPEACHMENT before more catastrophes.
I hope you are happy on your destroying America agenda BO left you. BO care is evil and wrong like you
See how they feel after they try to use it.
only cares about dividing and controlling. @SenSchumer , you don't know anything about the average person!
Then we can expect you to support #medicare4all? #SinglePayer correct? Thanks in advance.
defeating Trumpcare was a victory for the American people who made their voices heard.
That would be us! We're not done defending America against this domestic enemy
who the Muslims?
two-faced liar!
"The Average People".... Define that for me Chuck
