Anyone that thinks the Republican healthcare will be better than they had is living in a fantasy world.
This worries me. If you can't beat Trump now you may never beat him. He should be VERY vulnerable. Doesn't seem the case. Why not?
B/c the demorats have no message besides hate and blame the Russians and that message is dead!!
Seems the Republican side has HATE and BLAME so what's the difference??
The Difference is we don't go out and shoot ppl! Just b\c we disagree!! Please keep @NancyPelosi and @MaxineWaters as the face of the party!
And they thought HRC would be president. Sound familiar?
The problem is Americans want Obamacare repealed, not replaced, as they were elected to do!!
Are you serious or joking? Trump continually said repeal & replace. He was voted in under repeal & replace.
Devastating for the middle class? ACA is devastating  to the middle class, I can't afford ACA, how's that helping the middle class
My understanding, this bill will increase middle class premiums & allow insurance to put a cap on how much they pay.
Have u read it for urself, if not, don't assume anything. My health insurance stolen from me by the ACA,can't afford it. I must b sub human
That sucks man. The data I saw was not based on new bill. Maybe fixed. I just wish things didn't feel so rushed without feedback.
That's terrible. Actually worse odds for survival than Russian roulette for certain patients
Why not be the solution.  Instead YOU & @TheDemocrats ARE obstructionist & HATE SPEECH
When are you going to get tired of being wrong all the time?
Shouldn't have even close to 50/50. Should be 100% against this evil "bill"!
You can keep your Dr. you can keep your HC, you will save money. Lies lies lies. And taken from others and given to others for free BS
It was true for me. The only thing I hadn't change is Pharmacy. My premium went from $1365 to $208. It works for some so it should be fixed!
You got a huge subsidy sounds like. If it went from 1365 to 208. Yep huge subsidy. But others got their HC taken away
No thanks to you
They are desperate to pass something to keep campaign promise; but #Wealthcare is not Healthcare
Obamacare already did that to Americans 
Read the bill or at least part of it. Then get back to me. Again, my dad's retired Air Force, my grandfather is buried at Arlington. #weRead
Resist all you want because it will be a long 7 and half more years
I consider it to be my personal service to my country. Again, thank you for your service; thanks for playing. I will tell my Dad abt you.
Thank you and thank you your dad for his service 
Will do!  Stay safe.
I think you are full of crap. You have no idea what the American people need or want, Senator.
Resign!!!
Ain't nobody laying a bet with those odds Chuck. So what's your message, we got this? D's need lions, not puppies.
Chuck Schumer has been passionately FIGHTING.
I have called his office several times. Very responsive. 
#Facts
Responsive? What has he done for NYers in the past 10 years! Taxes high, utilities high, housing costs high, LIRR and MTA not working
You voted for Trump, #amirite?
Premiums in NY for ACA for family of 4 costs over 1500 a month! Millions took the fine! He NEVER FOUGHT FOR US!
Those families with children could acesss NYS Child Health Plus. GET your #FACTS straight.
Not if you work!!! Income restricted! Guess you ahould READ CAREFULLY!
Numerous working families rely on NYS Child Health Plus as well as #MedicaidWaiver for parents w/ disabled children #SaveMedicaid #SaveACA
Please God don't let it pass.
@SenateDems @SenateGOP Senator, how would you suggest Obamacare costs & deductibles are significantly lowered so we can afford healthcare?
lol cryin’ Chuck.
Can't we just have insurance split like Mcare A  B? Govt covers catastrophic hosp and people buy preventative plan for Dr, tests, and labs?
Lol one joke being interviewed by another corrupt  joke
The guy counts as bad as he budgets...there is NO chance, the bill, in its present state, will pass.  It will take negotiation.
Why don't you show some real leadership and vote for the new health bill.
If they pass this bill everyone who votes yes is DONE
So basically its devastating to Crying Chuck & will be Great for Americans. 
The Democrats are trying to block any and everything but are not introducing any solutions. They know how to create mess but not how to fix
I hope they do not pass it because as I taxpayer I will tell them to leave Ocare alone. U showed with ocare u r to stupid to be in HC
I hope it doesn't pass.  Repeal Obama Care and then introduce something that will work for all Americans.  Stop the patchwork of Obama Care.
Chuck you and the rest of the Dems have done nothing for 8 yrs now all you can do is a resist.  You are a failed party.  Shame on all of you
needs to be 0!!!! So many people will suffer. Do politicians have a damn conscious ?
If it's ABC it's a lie!
You are a mathematical genius Mr. Schumer. There are 2 possibilities, pass or fail. 50/50

The GOP loves Chuck Schumer he get them votes. So Chuck keep on lying keep on defending @DNC corruption just keep acting #unhinged.
Using your ability to analyze in the past I would say that means 100% passage. Sorry chucky but your used to being wrong
I want to see Schumers Obamacares coverage card.  Is he a proud member of The Obamacare Exchange?
What constructively have you added to the debate?
Nothing!
Where is your plan to fix Obamacare?
The same closet that ACA came from?
It is a 'Death and Tax' bill, not a health care plan.  Call it that.  #DeathAndTaxes #Trumpcare
Actually 51-49
you were fighting it before you even read it! if it offered free healthcare to all you would still be fighting it! hypocrit, phony, windbag
Why didn't you fight OBama Care? This is why we have this mess to begin with
You are an Joke! What the hell have you done for NYers???
Get up off your lazy ass, stop whinning and work with them to make it better, thats what you were elected to do!
Death would be better than Schumer, Pelosi and Obamacare
HURTS MIDDLE-CLASS?? YOUR "SHOVE DOWN OUR THROAT" DEMOCRAT POLICIES OVER THE LAST 8YRS HAVE HURT MIDDLE-CLASS MORE THAN EVER! #WAKEUPAMERICA
You own this crappy HC, And you losers need to work with the President to fix it. You have great HC so why should you care we pay for yours
@kimguilfoyle Chucky all you appear to be doing is Pissing In The Wind that's why You are all wetYou waste our time, Just an Obstructionist
#HellerVoteNo
It takes 1/2 the time to give a republican a heart transplant because they don't have an original to remove.
Another triggered 
So fix it for Americans
GOD GIVE THEM LIVE, LUCIFER BRINGS THEM TOGETHER. CLINTON ChuckSCHUMER, NancyPELOSI, NEEDED TO DESTROY DEMOCRATIC PARTY! CF Partner F&F CPAs
You can "Scare" the ignorant only for so long Chuck.  Your kick back from special interest groups will still come. Step down
Blood money. I hope they choke on it.
It's funny at least a bill is out there. Pelosi couldn't even tell you what was in the ACA bill before you voted on it.
Sabotage?  ACA is and has been failing on its own. Sold on false premises and he supports that?
Those are great odds. I'm not comfortable with that.
Bring in the clowns! Open foot insert mouth!
You can't make this shit up  #MAGA
It's time for new leadership, Chuck! You need smell the toast. Dems will go no where if ignored
We should start recalling senators it's our right!
Obstructionist party led by little man and a man filled with corruption and zero integrity

This goes way beyond conflict of interest.
This bill is a death sentence to millions of Americans, mostly on the disabled and weakest among us. We must fight thi bullshit bill!
Schumer admits Obama knew abt Russias election meddling by saying 'there were Republicans who told Obama not to do anything' #stupidfunny
Retire Chuck...you prefer a bill that penalized those that elected you. #hypocrite #liberals.
Vote NO. Whilst the current plan has flaws , I would hope every party has the BEST interests of the people at heart. Forwards not backwards
Vote NO, let That Obama crap fail!
Coming from the biggest liar 

I will take those odds

Vote your #criminal party home or prison or institution they are all nut
How did long did @POTUS44 keep blaming Bush? Chuck u has short memory
LET'S GO #KillTheMeanBill
I hope you mentioned that the Republican health care bill is nothing more than a huge tax break for Trump his family and other billionaires
I see a tear running down his cheek!!
Haha. Your standards are far too high for politicians.
