Schumer who you kidding by disrespecting @realDonaldTrump every chance you get it encourages behavior like this .
You & all the other Dems behaviors are encouraging BS like this & we all want it to stop .
It's time for all of you to stop & stand behind @realDonaldTrump before some other country takes advantage of it !
This is your response to footage of another Nation having its agents publicly beat American citizens in America? Trump let this happen!
Trump has a hotel in Istanbul .. that's why he does nothing, not even acknowledgement ...  protecting his interests

http://www.trump.com/real-estate-portfolio/istanbul/trump-towers/ …
Trump wants to help  better for everyone . Schumer on the other hand only cares about his agenda
Ban his evil ass from our country. Ban his security team for life. None of them deserve to step foot in the US ever again.
But yet, Trump embraces these Dictators. Makes one wonder
Maybe encourage stupid protesters from embarrassing the US on a daily basis and they won't get their asses kicked.
You should move to turkey or Russia.
Most corrupt....

@rinkydnk2 @VOANews 
http://washingtonfeed.com/leaked-documents-reveal-chuck-schumer-as-most-corrupt-politician-in-history-of-usa.html …
I hope we face these issues & elect new candidates to move us much more Left. We still have rebuilding to do. We must see our own flaws.
This is astounding!!! Why is the Turkish ambassador still is the US?!?
because Trump is too busy kissing his butt ...  and this is why

http://www.trump.com/real-estate-portfolio/istanbul/trump-towers/ …
Trump says "America First"
Yesterday Trump says "We have a divided country" ... "for many reasons."
And he's going to unify the Middle East?
Obama divided our country
Obama did everything.
Obama is very impressive.
A joke
The very best joke, maybe?
Turn the DNC servers to the FBi for investigation. Stopping denying access! U Server is ground zero for the 'Russia did it' scheme
@annelacy94 @VOANews any consequences or you know, not?
I am waiting to hear as well...But I certainly don't expect to hear anything from trump.
right? But I wouldn't hold your breath. This Congress seems reticent to hold anyone accountable or make any overtures at all.
yes, just a few democrats are writing letters of concern. Republicans? No courage, no morals seems to be their motto.
I don't believe those were supporters. I think they were paid henchmen.
Resign already swamp man. You, Pelosi, & Waters are crazy. Drain the swamp
But somehow you dems keep up the resistance which help fuel it here. Honestly Chuck do you think at all?
Charge them with assault.
He doesn't let this happen he orders it to happen.  His thugs should be arrested and charged
Why NO statement from our so called president?
Trumpian in nature
So ur in support of wall st protestors an black lives matter but its no ok for another country 
This is the kind of thing that you Morons created !! Protest this and protest that. MSM Covers it, thinking it's cool.
American patriots in govt & citizens should be TOTALLY OUTRAGED about this. Is TrumpAdmin is taunting US? There had better be consequences.
A leftist is a leftist no matter the country.  They will use violence to suppress and silence. We have seen the violence supported by DNC.
And paid for by the DNC
People, we need a special committee to investigate Schumer's ties to International Communist. He is too engaged in destroying Trump & Putin
The whole world sees it and thinks its o kay. This didn't happen very often before you and your bullshit Chuck !! U r f-ing up
@SenateMajLdr @TomPerez @CNN 
@MSNBC  @Reince45 Letter from victims 9/11.Was JASTA included in US/Saudi negotiation?
@OMBPress @SecPriceMD
@GOPBudget ACA flaws doesn't overshadow ACA great benefits.Rs refuses to acknowledge that fact.https://twitter.com/dcexaminer/status/865232038693097473 …
Looks like some of the protests that liberals promote, and yes, it's wrong.
Trump doesn't seem to think so
Agreed! The bodyguards didn't just beat Americans, they refused to cooperate with police. Should be ejected from the country immediately.
Who we are as a country is being stomped on daily by Trump. It is shameful to watch. Thank you for standing up and speaking out.
Who we were as a country is being demised daily by the liberals.  It is shameful. To the extent they are willing to ruin our 401Ks.
Trump like thugs
What a joke from the most corrupt presidency obama
DO something about it. Can't you bring it up in Congress????
Schumer sucks
If just 1 Muslim would've done this, the @POTUS @GOP would be outraged! This is unacceptable, the man is dictating violence in our country!
Yes you are absolutely right Schumer and the other Democrats are.
Ok we've heard several politicians speak out. Waiting for action. Waiting.
@CoryBooker love the attention to the story. What is the plan for action? They cannot get away with this in our country.
It is reprehensible and not one word condemning it from the president. This speaks loudly of his character.
This is what President Trump allows to be acceptable in our nation ... he is divisive and a bigot!
Truly disheartening & made me ill.  It was like  election night all over again.  Kept thinking this can't be happening in our country.
OMG! STOP with your stupid old and tired resist, you paid lamb. Go ahead and have your other 20 fake accounts attack me.
Here's the diff btwn us.  I'm a mil vet who's scared for the future of my county & looking for  others like me.

You're a troll! Nuff said!
I a real military vet!  If really care about the future of our country then why resist?
The future is not safe in the hands of the current oligarchy.    Perhaps you prefer this loss of freedom and level of insanity. I do not.
Only threat to the way of life is ppl like U. Blocking traffic, smashing windows, blocking free speech, obstruct everything yeah, resist!
Seriously? Sorry I'm an old person and I'm done with this discussion..you don't know me and you can stop defaming my character.

Thats a dump of trump if i ever saw 1
Don't think so..... 
Well you can think whatever you want, you'll just be wrong
Probably Not......
We can agree to disagree then. Buh bye.
I felt that way at your first tweet You bored me then..... Ciao
Yeah after 3 retweets, yeah ok sure
Would like to see entire footage. So called non violent protesters have a history of being anything but non violent...

It wasn't wrong during the #BarackObama #Legacy ! #SchmuckCumLaude !
ACTS LIKE DEMOCRAPS THEY ARE HYPOCRITES
I agree, so what are you going to do about it?
So far so good on president trip
WHY are they part of NATO ??? Turkey is not our friend.
Chuck your views are worthless. A hater of everything America. Please go home
What about the violent protesters in our own country that you haven't denounced?
Looks a lot like UC Berkley when Ann Coulter was scheduled to speak U said nothing about that chuckie Hypocrite
Wrong here as in Democrats burning, rioting, looting, assaulting?
and one fake democratic leader who is admired by our first Fake President in history.
America deserves a NEW Presidential Election - NOW.
And yet 45 stayed silent about what Turkish thugs did to Americans in america
It is unacceptable here in the USA-What us happening to our country?
Yep, so do something
Talk to your contemporaries in Congress. Censure this action!
Impeach schumer, putin buddy!
Why don't y'all kick them out.your the government
#TermLimits lil chuckie. Stop making it your career. Not what the job is for!
Your snowflake followers are full of s--t.
U ppl complain of Trump- he didn't say anything so he wants this. (Trump speaks) he's condemning this so must be lies..
Dear @SenSchumer:  It's wrong t bomb & perpetuate war too
Why aren't these thugs expelled from the USA?
Would it be possible for Congress to issue a formal grievance?
Trump encouraged and applauded goons at his rallies attacking protesters so why wouldn't a foreign goon think it's OK?
I thought it was a Democratic Party free-speech rally.
When are you going to speak out against The LEFT'S Violence?
I see your talking Turkey again, gobble gobble gobbledygook! Dumb and Divisive Chucky!
Time to MAGA
Expel the Turkish ambassador.
Y wasn't his security team detained? They committed these acts on US soil. Don't care if they're our ally, our folks wud b in Turkish jail.
And the 500,000 dead Syrians because prez. Obama said Assad must go.That was wrong.  Promoting death of Qadaffi was wrong.
You thought you could have a police state and not have violence? This is a police state now and its going toi get a lot worse.
Thank you Obama.
@Reilly45992337 @VOANews Why isn't that embassy closedCome on!!
@realDonaldTrump and his ilk don't care.  These people got on a plane and went back to Turkey.
Senator Schumer, thank you for protecting the right of freedom of speech. I am one of those who was brutally attacked by the Erdogan's thugs
Perhaps these Marxist bastards deserve to get their asses kicked?
Dear Mr. Sleaze, I pray your days are Few!
And Trump said nothing about the attack on Americans
To all you Trump haters - get a freaking life!
Looks like your buddy Soros is at it again Chuck.
Look at the sordid things you are doing as you are playing the game of dirty politics.
[Video] What really happened outside Turkey’s US Embassy? http://v.aa.com.tr/822227 
We have our own police dept. we don't want or need foreign thugs beating up American.
What you did to the Dem party and current administration is wrong and if you think real people are going along w/ this, your more than dumb!
Do your job not the parties. You work for the USA not the Dem party.
Your strategy is outrageous  !  Your ego is affecting the real people of the USA
You're never critical of black lives matter or the college cowards. Dufus

I want Department of Justice to investigate this incident.
Surprised you are not there for a photo op
That was like two days ago -- what took you so long?
Where was the US outrage...seemed to be silent?
Then tell the asses paying for left wing protests and riots block Republican free speech to stop and get on there Chuck and help w/policy.

Erdogan's men - invitees of @realdonaldtrump - attacked DC protesters. #PoliceWeek #RESIST via @VOATurkish 
As hypocritical as always! Where was yr condemnation of Dem rioters in DC and Berkley?
Since you are so concerned with speaking out on this matter:  Speak out against the anarchy occurring on campuses and cities across the USA
That's a first Chucky. What about all the ANTIFA ? Can't remember hearing you or your colleagues speak out against them
Except this time he did it here and to our people.
Hey Chuck Trump is letting Erdogan do it here.

Dear @POTUS I'm being attackd in this photo. I was assaulted by this man, strangled for protesting. Please help me find & prosecute this man 
So 45 - you are not going to defend a citizen's right to protest ... these guys are thugs
What is our govt going to do about this ?
And the riots on our campus and in our streets that you and your cohorts are inciting is OK for you?  You calling them to continue every day
we love TRUMP!  You have sheer hate in ur heart 4 him!why?bc he outsider? Bc he won? No hilly? He spoke 2 US! 4more dem
Please tell Amer ppl this isn't true,this is FAKE News.Embarrassing to ask Foreign Leaders to tease,trick,pacify DT.
@Reince45 @SenateMajLdr @SecPriceMD @BudgetGOP @OMBPress Please say this isn't true.
Please tell Amer ppl this isn't true,this is FAKE News.Embarrassing to ask Foreign Leaders to tease,trick,pacify DT.
https://www.google.com/amp/thehill.com/homenews/administration/334193-foreign-leaders-told-to-praise-trump-on-election-win-report%3Famp …
The pot calling the kettle black.  Crooked politician!
They need to kick the Turkish  ambassador out of America This is disgraceful
But silence from Trump and WH.  That's the same as acceptance/agreement.
Finally, something we which we agree!

Has anyone been brought to justice for the Benghazi massacre as Obama promised.
Trump's buddy who has aligned himself with Putin!
Erdogan has took a GIANT  on our 
Schumer you are one to be talking about right and wrong. U don't give a damn about middle America!  America wake up IGNORE THESE PEOPLE!
Your hypocrisyknows no boundary. You speak out of this but said nothing when ppl where rioting at colleges or after election.
Chucky you don't know right from wrong we are at war with you and your dems we must fight for our American rights you dems are trying to tak
Why didn't Senate call for immediate removal of Turkish ambassador from US?
Agree with  this, DOS should expel their ambassador , can't allow this happen here!
On the face it looks like you care about American citizens
@MLCzone @VOANews IMPEACH NOW STOP ICE RAIDS ARRESTS DEPORTATIONS. PRISON FOR ALL REPUBLICANS, PENCE ADMINISTRATION
Prosecute them!

Air Force One lands in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
@POTUS Trump starts 1st trip abroad with Arab Islamic American Summit #RiyadhSummit 
Says the guys that supports George Soros paid protests, BLM and the fascist Joke of ANTIFA??
Where is your concern when antifa is beating on people in this country? I guess it's ok as long as they are committing crime 4 your cause
America has hooligan protesters due to no LAW & ORDER. Congress & Senate must visit Singapore, zero corruption & crime. USA is mostly PAGAN.
this kind of anguish traces right back to the divisions that both partys are creating. look in the mirror ole chuckie!
Why?  Those thugs come from the Democrats? Don't cry no more. It's gonna be Impeachment soon . Loser
Why was this allowed, and why did the idiot in chief not address it?
This our country. Him and his bodyguards need to get out! That crap might be what he does in his country. #freedomofspeech
Completely unacceptable in US territory & the world; 1st amendment trampled...
AND not even a PEEP from our fearless leader or republican representatives. THIS IS WHY THEY ARE CALLED THUGS.
They need to be held accountable. Can't be allowed to do this in USA to OUR citizens!
And the longer you let tRUmp be pres, the worse it's going to get. So what are you going to do? You already have the intel.
then do something about it. This happened on our soil. Grow a set Chuckles and make it happen! This is an outrage.
Sthu joker Schumer why were you in Russia having coffee and doughnuts with putin you democrats are going down especially the pedophiles
Blah blah blah
Oh u just waking up? Hey shmuckie it's a good day to start lying again, what can you dream up today? Aliens helped POTUS  win election?
But how dare he come here n do it to us. In our home!!!! Where is our govt? Why aren't they protecting us!? #sigmofthetimes
WaaAAAaaa.  My name is cry baby ....  waaaaaa
Going to be worse than that here in America if the Democrats and fake news media continue to resist we will have Civil War thanks 2 Democrat
He's an evil dictator.
Then why do you let your constituents try and trample our freedom of speech? Hypocrite!
You said nothing when DAPL protesters were treated much worse by American police.
The Ambassador should be booted out
As much to show Trump who is the boss, really sticking 2 fingers up at him knowing nothing will happen, RTE has a giant ego
Your a jerk Chuck.  Grow up you fraud
Thanks for speaking out about this injustice Senator. We shouldn't allow this on American soil. It's wrong and against our values.
Horrible that democrats would rather see people die than see Trump succeed. They will do anything to destroy America.
@deeg13 this IS the kind of thing Trump wishes HE could do to Americans!!!
It is wrong here but the liberals encourage violence so don't act like this country isn't setting a precedence that it's ok. Stop it here!!
Are you f****** kidding me this is what the Democrats did during the election. Man have you got a short memory.
Chuck think before you tweet
Had it been a Dem president, Fox News and alt-right would have gone ballistic. With Trump? Crickets. #unhinged @GOP
Maybe we should not keep trying to divide our country, and call in all public officials to look into this.
What? Are you suddenly Islamophobic?
Why are these people here? It's there culture.
Let's not downplay what happened. A rouge foreign leader ordered his security forces to attack our citizens on our Capitol's streets.
Kick them Out! #AmericanPressRocks #TrumpRussia #FirstAmendmentRules
All the while Trump looks at him with adoration??? Traitor Trump not good for Democracy or our country #ImpeachTrumpNOW
#IMPEACHTRUMP
It's super wrong!
Doesn't WH keep list of visiting dignitaries & staff for security clearances? Strip all of privilege of entering forever.
@realDonaldTrump respects this sort of crap so let's see if @POTUS administration condemns this assault on our soil.
I haven't seen you or any Democratic republican leaders come out against the violent protests!
Oh so now you're against violent protest???  I guess as long as they're beating up people you like.
Throw this guy out of our country immediately!  Is this what diplomatic immunity allows?!?!  #SenSchumer #realdonaldtrump
Here's what's wrong. Thank you Liberal progressives around the world that have made the world  unsafe for women and children and men
i agree with you he is just like trump
And it is wrong nothing was done about it.
On the other American people need to know there's a time and place to demonstration and that wasn't it.

Something has to be done
ChuckE, yea the same things yall do hear???
Such a strong statement... a little late to the dance. For years...
And no response from this White House as they did not condemn the atrocities in Chechnya!  Dispicable!
This is the kind of behavior I wouldn't put past drumpf.He praises this guy. Welcomed him.#ThisIsn'tTurkey
but already forgotten? Will they get away with it?
That was outrageous and Erdogan's goons deserve punishment. I want answers and results!
bet he has same unmasking program as obama
Et tu, Schumer?  The kind of thing that YOU let happen to the AMERICAN people is securing a visa for a child molester.
