this cannot be allowed please tweet house republicans vote no if you value your jobs
How can that happen Your obama care already DID and you never even read the law I bet u still today never read the law
Nope they provided funding for that as well. Let's see your bills 1100 pages for Trump bill is 200 pages you do the math
shut up
A good majority of people on Medicaid need to get off it, go to work, and buy insurance like the rest of us.
Hopefully there will be more jobs and they can go to work the able bodied ones and get affordable care.
Can't wait for the vote!!!!!!
OMG isn't this the truth. Instead of working with the Rep. and fix this mess that they created, he cries all the time.
Most of which you're probably welfare recipients maybe they should get behind Trump for jobs and get employer insurance
Tell the truth Chuckie!
Which a lot of them r illegals. U Dems r such hypocrites. All u want to do is protect them like Obama protected Muslims.
The Senate must not pass this abomination.  The AHCA  is a fraud and payout to insurance companies.
You can text Resist to 50409 and they will send faxes to senators and representatives which is quicker and more reliable than calling
Just the best hought makes me tremble. 
YOU HAVE TO STOP THIS.
All hardworking American Citizens will have better insurance.  Illegal aliens, drug dealers and the lazy, no insurance!!
It is time all politicians come to the conclusion it is the insurance companies that need to be pressured to make healthcare affordable!!!
Good! Taxpayers are SICK of paying the bill
Key word......aid . Maybe if you quit allowing illegals to have coverage, we can help our own.
Well Chuck, I'm sure you've got everything handled in the Senate.
How come not in spanish
Your "scare tactics" no longer work. People with even half a brain are on to you liars. Remember Nov 8? #AmericaFirst #Trump2020 #FakeNews
Wait for it.....
But Trump said no changes to Medicaid!!
"Am I willing to quit work, stay home, bathe my mother, feed her & wipe her financially broke ass?" Ask yourself that - because you will be.
Medicaid is not insurance. Sad that so many on welfare program. What about healthcare COSTS??
Do you ever stop making stuff up? Less burden on Medicare and less contributions . Half the story Chuck!
Medicare is an entitlement. Medicaid is not. 
They can charge you more of your pregnant on this plan...... UNACCEPTABLE VOTE NO!
damn the bad luck not in mi district??? hahaha
Instead of Tweeting help FIX IT, HELP FIX THE OBAMA CARE THAT YOU ARE ADVOCATING, PEOPLE IN Alaska, Wyoming SC, Alabama, OK, AZ are hurting
Obamacare took away affordable care from millions hard working ppl, who actually pay the healthcare for others , but can't afford their own!
"This is life or Death"
I'm a type 1 diabetic n have 2 kids that need mental services what does this mean for us?? Do I just go off to die?RESIST DUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh stop it now Don't Worry Chucky be happy once in a while
Many DT supporters on Disability - and Medicaid. Won't they be surprised!
Obamacare already did this.  Got to go!
If Chuck is against it then it must be a good bill!!... GO TRUMP!
Lies
@realDonaldTrump is not only stupid and not only evil he is stupid and evil!
how's that? you have a references?
How did we not know about the overtime pay and pto bill. This was slipped in at 11th hour and opens the door for pay abuse.
I'm sorry you have the 11th Hour slipped in confused with what happens with Obamacare... good for the good goose for the gander!
Republican voters: are you ok with this? You put him here.
Anything is better than the 300% increase I got with Obamacare!!
Yyou don't give a shit about quality of service! you only care about manipulating people you can mislead down the path you want them to go.
Medicaid is not an entitlement...it's a bureaucratic name for welfare.
Couldn't stop the crazy train but Vote NO on exemption for congress members OR risk being accused later of indirectly supporting the #AHCA.
They exempted themselves from Obamacare.... I guess that was a crazy train too!
so far 20 tweets not one is correct and u want to remain a senator
Bill Clinton, he called Obamacare ridiculous?!
The point is: any healthcare bill has to be balanced, you can't help one by hurting others. The GOP bill is much better and balanced!
Mr. Schumer do you agree The way Colbert talks about our president I think it's disgusting
which is exactly what @SpeakerRyan & his ilk want. 
Disgraceful and so sad
Sorta like Hillary's followers Go Trump!
My county has 1 medicaid provider that shuffels you through like cattle to get gov $ you liar! obama's shit is almost over. MUST REPLACE!!!
CNBC: GOP's Obamacare replacement bill would protect just 5 percent of people with pre-existing conditions  http://tinyurl.com/lvjobxl 
Obama care didn't do anything. If you waunt your doctor you keep him wrong. Hi plan will save you thousand s of dollars wrong wrong wrong
time for you to get facts! If you think you are the next leader of Democrats are we in big trouble.  Double standards here.
Rep Thos Massie (R-KY): The AHCA is like a kidney stone-the House doesn't care what happens to it, as long as they can pass it
Now Chucky boy where,did u get that out of your hat., not true just another fool Dems putting out lies. Read the bill fool! Chucky boy!
No it would not stop your scare tactics
That's their plan.
No coverage this week on Medicaid impact. All about pre-existing. MISTAKE. #MSM #TRUMPCARE
Please don't let this happen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Keep trying swing for the fences Chuckie it makes this victory that much sweeter 
please fight it, senator!  you're our last line of defense.  i would lose my coverage under the AHCA (employer mandate coverage)
get over yourself! Trump 2020
I'm sure you all will vote it down in the senate.
Pelosi: GOP making "Fraudulent Representations" on pre-existing conditions.
BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BS BS BS  BLAH BLAH BLAH
Once the illegals are deported, I'm sure that number will decrease significantly.
How can it be stopped, sir?????
#trumpcare will devastate you chuck, which is why I'm for it
K
Pelosi says Kaiser says $8 billion amount for high risk pools is around 1% of what's needed!
