Thank you for your condolences to these brave souls. May they Rest in Peace. I wish DT had such empathy.
He already did. How could you possibly miss it
I didn't miss it, but that was when they were missing. I haven't seen a single word from him expressing his sympathies to the families since
I thank your son for his! My son in the photo was in Army, he was killed in 2007 in Iraq.
Very sorry to hear that. Bless your family.
Thank you David.
Your prayers might be with them but your votes opposes them.
How can they rest in peace when you are always stirring the pot??!!
Now back to obstructing progress.
My dad served as torpedoman in WWII, my Husb on a landing craft in Vietnam- both Navy. So proud of them.
God does not hear prayers from satan! (you)
See how dangerous your rhetoric has become. Tone it down before you get more Americans killed. Anyone could be next including you & me
I appreciate it for my brothers.
Better late than never. You must have been having a very good time.
Do you think orange will fly flags half stat in honor of our lost Sailors ?
FO
"Prayers", fucking hypocrite...I
Please vote no on the NYS constitution convention
Looks like this was no accident.
Thank you, senator Schumer. You're the voice of reason in the senate, along with  senator Warren. Xo
You mean crying Chuck and Pocahontas?  They are communists!
Crocodile tears
No. He had expressed an actual sentiment.

Showed more compassion fornthe sailors than the Dump
Ok
I'm confused on how it all happened!
RIP!!
My prayers are for all Americans.  You and the communist Democrats are thwarting progress because you have no real agenda!
Don't act like you care, if you gave two shits you would act like a proud American instead of supporting everything that's wrong!
Go President Trump!
We demand an apology your ranted for 6 months about Russian collusion which was a false and did nothing but cost us millions of dollars.
Please look into WTF happened there. I think the silence speaks volumes. 45 must have been playing Battleship and his temperament took over.
Sure chucky
This event and their deaths were particularly heartbreaking. Thanks.
-(2/2) Democrats cared about the American people does it?????
-(1/2) Remember Pelosi's quote on Obamacare:"Let's pass this, so we can see what's in it"! So don't preach at us!That doesn't sound like the
You killed him, didn't you #VulgarLEFT #LeftHates
Don't forget about the troops in Afghanistan that were injured in that green on blue attack or what ever it's called
Thank you senator beens days still haven't seen @realDonaldTrump give any condolences at all to these poor sailors families
Ya sure chucky
Prayers? Prayers to WHOM your god SATAN. You're an atheist Chucky! You drink Illuminati blood #ResistTheLEFT #ResistNWO #ResistTheMedia
Now really Chucky you care less about our military you don't support giving them plains guns ships so who are you kidding 8 yrs you did noth
He doesn't believe in god. Who's he sending prayers from?
If only you were our POTUS!
Great. I also hope your prayers are with the dead Muslim and injured who were run over by White Supremacists outside of a London Mosque.

Aaaaand here we have a compassionate, well written heartfelt tweet. It ought to have originated from our President.#MakeAmericaGetAttorneys
Why don't we have a Secretary of the Navy yet?
Did the jackboot fascists remind you to tweet this for the peeps bloody Schumer?  Your popularity is below trumps.
Can YOU be our President Senator Schumer? Pretty please.
Your post is full of lies but it is obvious to the majority of us you don't know what you are saying. Schumer has scruples, Trump doesn't.
If new healthcare bill gives you option to be insured or not and you choose not to be insured, you are not being "thrown off," insurance.
your liberal loony prayers depleted the military and caused this event! Forced military to enlisted unqualified for quotas!
Glad you said it, because trump has not.
WRONG!
Ha has said nothing about the fallen sailors!!!
Maybe you need to go check his twitter page. :-) Wrong!
Thank you Senator Schumer, would you let the POTUS know that he forgot to mention this sad loss of lives during his last #tweetstorm
Thank you for this tweet...none from the WH yet.. so sad in all accounts!
That's a lie
SENATOR SCHUMER MAY THOSE MEN REST IN PEACE ;WITH HEAVEN'S ANGELS; AND FIND  COMFORT AND LOVE; IN GOD'S JUDGEMENT!
Trump has yet to mention it. Too busy complaining and victimizing himself.
Your prayers would carry a lot more weight if you were not filled with so much hate.
May their memory be eternal.
I want an appt. I'm the ceo/owner & sole proprietor & don't want to be disenfranchised from my wealth any more. #nancypelosi
#WithYouFITZ crew and families. Bless.
Thanks, @SenSchumer. We know how it feels to lose shipmates. @realDonaldTrump had fake heelspurs and a letter from a quack
Really?
Far away from home doing their duty for the country.
Very sad 
May they rest in Peace 
Thank you senator for your empathic words
You first tough guy.
Coming from a guy who hates the U.S. military!
