Politico: McConnell & Trump both ramping up their lobbying for Graham-Cassidy, will be whipping senators this week. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/17/obamacare-senate-republicans-repeal-242821 …
Call your Senators & keep calling them every day! 
Oppose Graham-Cassidy.
Calling my senator is a frustrating waste of time. He is Senator Graham. 
Use this to tweet and/or call them all quickly and easily
I used the RESIST bot. But I will check that one. Thank you!
Does faxing using the @botresist work, or is it better to call?
I used the resistbot. It worked. Graham answered in letters. Only I hated his answer. He does not LISTEN. Just does what he wants. 
Will McCain vote against a bill his friend is sponsoring? Doubtful.
He has to.
He better. Otherwise he is betraying us all.
So true. Feels like harassment. We said NO. What more do they need?????
It IS harassment-- they are bullying us into submission.
Somewhere they forgot that they work for us.

@LindseyGrahamSC just wants his name on something but basically he's already signing all of our death certificates @SenJohnMcCain #SaveACA
good question, same here (NY). please let me know what you find out
Not usually useful to call other states's Sens - if you aren't a constituent they don't care abt your feedback.
So we should be putting pressure on out-of-state friends and family to contact their representatives
or packing to move to Canada
The Americans who are the most at risk to lose health insurance are not the ones who have the means or ability to move internationally.
Mexicans don't have a problem doing it.
Are they offending you in Wonder Lake?
I'm not doing anything but showing a pic of 2 ppl who will die after being dropped from ACA. Both have severe trauma. What's TRUMP'S excuse?
THIS IS WHY:
Trump lied about being under IRS audit. Otherwise he would be ripping apart IRS clerks for the past 18 months
My "senator" blocked calls all day long the last time & he'll do it again this time. This is why I'm part of London now.
Making my calls...
@Taniel Finally...#repealobamacare and lift a great unconstitutional burden off the citizens of the US.
You belong in jail for your active pushing of the hateful evil that is Obamacare. You ruined millions of lives.
#trumpcare #whywontitdie #killitwithfire #dejavu
Leave Obama care alone. It is covering so many people. This newest proposal is as bad as the last one. Want it to be your healthcare plan ?
Whip away.  We will see who has any integrity left.
Must do!
Respectfully, Senator, it doesn't matter what I do in my home state. @SenBobCasey, bless him, is on our side, and @SenToomey doesn't care.
@SenToomey was just reelected. He is under zero pressure to do anything but vote his party line, so he won't, because he has no guts.
I'll keep fighting, but unfortunately, getting on my senators is kind of a waste of my time (though I continue writing letters to Toomey).
democratic party disappearing. better look for new job
This is not your senators health insurance!
To pass a bill on Healthcare just for the sake of a WIN for Trump is just insane. People should protest.Dems can't do it alone. Ppl Speak up
This is happening. Drop what you are doing to start calling, start showing up, start descending on DC. Game on.
Don't waitforsomeonw else to take action. We're someone else's someone else. Take action now!
Can you pls explain why GOP has this insane need to make the country sick & potentially have people die, etc? Do they hate the population?
It block-grants ACA EXISTING funding, cap federal health care spending, and send the money to states to form their own health care programs.
FIRST A DINNER, THEN SWEAR A SECRET LOYALTY PLEDGE REGARDLESS OF WHAT THE CONSTITUENTS NEED. U THINK FLYNN& CAMP MGR ARE GONNA SQUEAL
It feels like they're just trying to wear us down and catch us off guard. This is the most exhausting presidency and Congress in history!
Enough!!
No no!!!! (Stop!!!!!).
I wish I could but stuck in PR waiting for Maria to visit. Will call and fax!
Stay safe! Good luck!
RESIST! Don't let the Nazis destroy our healthcare plan
This is EXHAUSTING but I'M IN!!!!   AGAIN!!!!!
They're wearing us down Chris, they're wearing down, I don't know how much more fight we have left. It's sad how much they want us dead.
They are all complicit, covering, snouts in the same trough. GOP sellouts = traitorus scum...with the support of 62 million unhappy morons.
If we live in democratic states can we still call senators who don't represent us or is that not helpful? I've heard it's not
How much do YOU PAY for health insurance ?
So if we keep Obamacare I should be happy paying 27000 w/ded  . How much do you guys pay?
All this BS to deconstruct Obama. NOTHING to do with Americans' health care. It's all about Trump's so-called politics.
#RESIST
Called R's all day some offices people answered ,others left recording some sent to email on website. People call #womensmarch call everyone
None of those voting for this bill represent the people that put them in WA. They only care about the money they have gained since then.
These guys are a joke it will never happen.
It will hurt their voters.  They will blame Pelosi too.
A few weeks ago I joined ACLU.  Today NPR.  Folks, make your money count!
Phone and email contacts for all Senators ==>https://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/ …
Passing legislation on threats and whips instead of on its merits. What is wrong with this picture?
@Mrkauffman1951J @Taniel Poor GOP. Not going to be happy until they kill millions of us.
CT knows game, right Senator, let's go America get busy push it real good, play it like we do in CT all the time
#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
Even if you're in California in the Democratic district?
Unfortunately one of our senators and my congressman is bought off :-(
I still call
Is this all you can do? Obstruct? You will never get the WH back, lol
Go to sleep sleeper. Tomorrow's another day.
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan Seriously Trump supporters, you do understand that the R's are taking your health care away, right?
Why do we have to keep doing this? Twice wasn't enough? 2018 is coming.
Never would have imagined how Low this party can go.   NO!!  not that party!!!!!
This bill is a catastrophe. It will destroy American families. KILL THIS BILL!!!
They know #MuellerIsComing

There we go Lobbing get that money out,those free vacations who ever you can buy off.GOOD JOB DEMOCRATS
Back in the phone. Hello D.C.
I'll just keep doing what's right and supporting Medicare for all. You can keep protecting corporate profits like you always do.
The Republicans are ruining this country!!!
Vote for Graham-Cassidy now and we'll vote you out of office in next term. That we promise you!
Done. Called twice and will visit on Wednesday. Sorry to say my so called senator will vote along party lines cuz he has #nointegrity
@UniteBlueAZ 

Call your congressppl

all of them
I wish someone could literally whip those two assholes, maybe a trip to the hospital wouldmake them understand
Lets get those dam republicans out of office as soon as possible people
Do not follow Sen. Graham proposal, he's the most cynical person in The Senate.
Any advice for those of us in blue states, Sen. Murphy? (I'm one of yours. )

I've made calls, but what else can I do?
I have called three times, but calling Rubio is like pissing in the wind.
All seniors should be in Washington, the physically challenged, parents, you and me have to make our voices heard.
I knew that "play nice with us Dems." was a ploy! trump's behind this 100%! If you're with trump; you're AGAINST OUR NATION!
It doesn't seem to matter what folks in CA think about all these major issues..
you were quoted in an article by @CNN
Thank you President Trump!
My representatives will fight this but 3/4 of Texans who aren't wealthy could each die 6 times and Cronyn and Cruz would still vote for this
Thank goodness my senators are Kaine and warner
Only it's not a "game" for millions.
Totally agreed. To make our support known of course.
#MoreCareNotLess #healthcarebill #GrahamCasiddy #RESIST

#Article25 #HealthCareIsAHumanRight #MedicareForAll 

http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/ …
I called, but my senators already announced they will vote against.  What more can I do?
This fight is not over. No time to be tired. Please take 2 minutes. Make a call.
Should be Game Over!
Obamacare needs to fully repealed!  Our government doesn't need to be in the healthcare business!

Start farting, loudly! Start making strange noises with your armpits! Alert all the other Communists to go down and stand around like fools!
I oppose Graham/Cassidy. Don't let it happen.
Like a drunk guy who can't stop yelling in the family restaurant. We must become The Manager and kick the GOP out! Call your rep now!
@Taniel my parents are in their earlier  90s and this is a shame that elderly people poor people will be cuts off Medicine
Text "Resist" to 50409 for @botresist . It can email/fax/mail your Congressmen and Governor for you w/ just a smidge of information. #resist
They are working to undermine our country!

So California wants 2 be a sanctuary state now? I say let them do it..let them drown in their own stupidity! #California #sanctuary
Everyone Please Pay Attention they Can't do Their TAX CUT W/O R/R ACA it's a huge Tax Break for the Rich 3.14T in tax breaks for them RT RT!
Yup. And I have McCain and Flake. They'll be getting faxes from me daily. Text RESIST to 50409 for FREE calls/fax/letter.
Should I call you and tell you to vote for repeal?
Just finished Hillarys book.  The hate in her heart is crippling to the future of your party. I'm a republican but root for America together
Record-breaking, deadly hurricanes and a government trying to kill us all. It's a bad dream you'll never wake up from...
Are you sure Dem constituents are done descending on St. Louis?
Others must be saying yes js
Call, call, call, for your life, call...
@SenateMajLdr @RandPaul @RepAndyBarr  #SAVETHEACA
I made my call!
THANKS FOR YOUR ENDLESS FIGHTING FOR US! You're an American hero!!!
VOTE YES
My senator is Mitch McConnell… A fat lot of good that we do but I sure will try. I can also reach out to Rand Paul
Tell your representatives to vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy “health care” bill. (202) 224-3121 #saveourcare
#Graham is stirring the pot! Let's start the #2018Wave to send #Graham, #Heller, #Cassidy home. @SenateDems
My only interest is in replacing CT's two worthless senators
More of the same BS.
Please call it Trumpcare..  bc same
#obamacare is failing. what is the Dems plan?
A Complete list of Senate Republicans and their Twitter handles. 
   
https://store.cdbaby.com/cd/joshweinstock18 …
What else can I do, I've called both senators and my governor?
Whats wrong w/
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Ppl hav countlessly spokn want ACA w/ improvmnts!
@LindseyGrahamSC a 
The @GOP is the party of sexual harassment (hi @FoxNews!) so it's no surprise they won't take NO for an answer.
The people of this nation have a duty to mobilize and make there voices known against this assault on medical coverage for all people 
Just called. Live answer first ring!! Thanks for the info.
Great. Pass it on!
Done 
Floridians, call @marcorubio & make your voices heard. Keep calling around until you can leave voicemail or speak to a human.
Call your senators even if voting no. They are taking tallies to help influence yes votes. It's important CALL EVERY DAY!
Please FFS... #KeepCalling!!! SAVE OUR HEALTHCARE!! 202-224-3121
Also text RESIST to 50409 to have a fax generated from your phone sent to your reps. It's a great idea in case the phones are busy.
It feels like the 1% is trying to kill us. If this horrible bill passes that's exactly what will happen to millions of people(including me).
The @SenateGOP seems to forget all the calls & town halls to save ACA. Who can organize this? @AmericaFerrera @docrocktex26 @benwikler
This would not be happening if we lived in an actual democracy. The real winner would be sitting in the WH defending against GOP attacks
@Marco Rubio is my Senator he has proven again and again he does not care about his constituents, and their ability to maintain healthcare.
Ted Cruz might like a good whipping, ooh it feels good may I have another
Republicans never met a block grant they didn't like. They are out to destroy the country.

Yes! Time to repeal that crap Obamacare!
Let's Go! Follow @ChrisMurphyCT @CNN @CNNPolitics @cnnbrk @cnni #ATSocialMedia
Do you also want these followers of yours to wear masks as they do everywhere else? Unfortunately your vote affects people in every state.
Nice diversion DT's warm and cuddling meeting with Pelosi and Chuck was.
Here's how to fight
My senator IS Cassidy. And a dude that ran on Trump.
Calling my #Florida #Republican #senators makes no difference. Do your job and stop kissing #dump 'a ass. #fight #dirty and #dirtier ...
I'm calling now each and every day til they listen to us.
These people are suppose to serve us, but they don't. This ah** pisses me off.
US Senate Main Switchboard:
202-224-3121

Senators of note to say "HI!" to... 

#SaveACA
I think it time the American people stand up for what we want not what they want!
I live in CA and my senators will not vote for it...what can i do to help since there is no need for me to call?
How about a recall vote on Senators who don't work with us?
Vote these liars out in 2018.  They do not put American interests first.  Pander 2 illegals 4 votes, have lost American base.  Unite us!
(5/5)  Dems will deny SP is goal.  Look 4 Keith Ellison on hot mic (Utube).  He reveals, Pelosi wants Single Payer, doesn't want voters 2 no
(4/5) Y should this Gov treat citizen HC any differently then they did SP/VA Admn?  Pres Trump had 2 pass Accountability Act & Choice 2 save
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski Do you have another level headed senator among the @GOP or are they  all content hurting the least of us?
GOP only lost by 1 vote last time. This time, McCain will support his friend Graham. Menendez is out. This will pass unless we resist. #ACA

(3/5) SP/UK lost 2400 Hemophiliacs 2 AIDS tainted blood.  How does this happen to so many, 20 yrs after screening?  Culling the population?
NO NO NO NO!!!!  This piece of Trash Dumpster Legislation should NEVER reach a vote!!!  You all believe Americans are stupid!!!  WE'RE NOT!!
(2/5) consider this.  UK has SP HC.  They have AIDS epidemic, offer! AIDS test kits in vending machines.  Y not C "free" doctor?  No control
(1/5) AHC was DOA and all Dems know it.  Now you will refuse any plans from Republicans in favor of Single Payer HC.  Free!  B 4 U rejoice,
These R not games senator.  This is health & care of American citizens.  AHC is a disaster that can only exist as a parasite on taxpayers.
Call your Senators
Need to organize need to call your Representatives again...no time to fall asleep, House trying to sneak this under radar
To buy votes, this bill takes funds from blue states & give them to red states; they don't care if ppl don't hve HC,it's about a WIN 4 Trump
GOP seems to have chosen a time when there is less attention to the topic.
No what happened about my mom's Justice for her murderer'S oops is it because of him being A Rich White Republican Mayor here in TX
I called Rob Portman (had a tough time getting through) but would be shocked if he bucked his party.
Already called!
I have called both of mine!!!
My senators and rep are already against it...what else can I do?
I thought McCain wanted Regular order. Does anyone tell the truth anymore?
They won't be "whipping" them in the manner they deserve. I'd pay money to do that!!
stay the course! Improve not repeal ACA
Grow a pair and cosponsor a better alternative: #MedicareForAll. Or we'll vote you out.
Called @SenAlexander office & spoke w/aide that we demand he vote against last ditch effort to repeal ACA! #Resistance #Repubshatethesick
why are these ppl trying to kill me?
Yes!
I'm so sick of this game.
If Murphy wants it, It has to be garbage. So by contrast this plan is probably better for most Americans.
How about the dems get their shit together & have cohesive platform that doesn't require people to fight non-stop for basic human rights?
Posted on Facebook.
They're like the Walking Dead. They just keep coming back with this crap over and over.
A suggestion: if Trump wants to endorse this, maybe encourage him to answer detailed questions on it at a presser. (He wont be able to)
My senator is on the death squad that drafted the new plan. Maybe if Toomey held town hall meetings he'd know what his ppl actually want
Can U post the general fone # Chris??
DO NOT let this piece of dog-shit bill EVER SEE THE LIGHT OF DAY!!!
This is why nobody wants to work with you.
@BRepairers @RevDrBarber @NAACP We need each other! Let's work together for the good of those who love America. #AllLivesMatter
Just called your office (you're staffers are so nice)
Just left msgs 4 both of my red state Sens. urged them not 2 take hc from millions w no replacement . Said I didn't vote 4 u , but I pay u
This is an assault on all Americans. @MSNBC @CNN We must not let this happen.
