As London events show, terrorism is an evil scourge & we must do everything to fight it: rigorous vetting & tightening up is essential.
You are disingenuous. When Trump says the same thing, you cry that he's ineffectual. Your hypocrisy doesn't represent the peoples concerns.
Senator, I think you are among the terrorists supporters.  You certainly don't want to stop tourism from countries who harbor terrorists.
chuck is nutty
then start supporting the US Citizens, and not illegal immigrants. Stop OPPOSING @POTUS
Then pray Labour does NOT win
isn't that what Trump has been trying to do? ??
Together we are stronger.
Together we are stronger doing what? Place flowers at terrorist sites? Telling families that their children are dead?
United together we are stronger. If that's too deep for you, then so be it.
I remember 9/11 and wondering where my husband was. No one should lose a loved one to these terrorists! Words mean nothing to them.
Muslim ≠ terrorist, immigrant ≠ terrorist. Most terrorists are from countries @realDonaldTrump praises (Saudi Arabia) or are born here.
Extremists not all Muslims. Boston Marathon, not born here, Attacks on Manchester, London and Paris, not born here.
Orlando born here, Omaha born here. Nationalists from NONE of the countries on the ban list have killed people on US soil
parents of people killed in San Bernadino, Manchester, London, Paris, etc. wished they vetted?
You are such a liar
Chucky is the most anti American that I have ever seen please retire without Pay.
please resign now
Yes us Americans do but the Democrats action show something else in America.As long as the Dems that are in office now .Iwillneverbepneagain
- THE UNITED STATES STANDS FOR NOTHING WHILE THE ILLEGITIMATE TRAITOR TRUMP REMAINS IN OFFICE!
Stand also with US citizens in their fight against terrorism. Good to do that prior it 's happen!
A Catholic inquisitor about 1209 gave the solution to separating  muslims and terrorists:"Kill them all, let God sort them out"
lol when was the last time you got cozy with CAIR? They support terrorists, you know.
Joint fight? Hell....you guys can't quite fighting Trump long enough to even discuss a plan....
Those who support them like Democrats working hard to let them into the U.S.
TRUMP doesn't. He's off golfing and giving secrets to Russia and conspiring with the Daesh
Stop letting refugees in
How about YOU support WE THE PEOPLE and help keep people like this out of America? That would be the American thing to do!
You mean fighting terrorists by arming them?  Stop the Saudi Arms sale.
And fight terrorists and those that support them in the United States
Chuck, what are you doing to fight terrorism? Please outline your strategy for us.
You are fighting Democrats who support them?  Sure could have fooled me.
Words are meaningless if they are not backed up by actions and politicians are really good at talking but little else. @FoxNews
John Kerry saying Muslims are alienated and have a hard time assimilating in the UK. Libtards rationalizing terrorist acts. MENTAL DISORDER.
So your on board with the travel ban and the wall now Chucky?  Let's make America safe again.
SAME THING TRUMP SAID.???
Schumer stands the citizens of the UK but he will not stand up for the citizens of the US. He will obstruct everything on the@potus agenda
Good, because if @realDonaldTrump has is way then he will run our economy into the ground. #TheResistance
Saudis?
#notmypresident #usastandswithuk
Correct; the United States Republicans do. The Democrats do not. Obama gave Iran our enemy $150,000,000,000.00 to fund terrorist.
Liar
SYM
Please UK.  If Trump does visit, can you keep him?  Maybe trade him for Assange.  The USA would be eternally grateful.
i support President Trump
This has nothing to do with @realDonaldTrump. Stop politicizing terror.
Right.
No you don't Chuck you want sanctuary cities
Chuckie is an ass who really has no idea how to lead. His party has no message to get behind.
How about: Don't rob millions of low income people of programs that they rely on for survival. That is basic right?
Then you should denounce @realDonaldTrump for his deals with the nations that sponsor terrorism and his insistence that we should be afraid!
I wish I can say the same for @realDonaldTrump whose yet again on the links. Hypocrite!
Why couldn't @realdonaldtrump have just said THAT and nothing else? Oh - ADHD and arrogance. That's right.
You do not Chuck Schumer ! Why do you have to lie ?? Term Limits !!!
Then support travel ban Chuckie
The only time Chuck stands for N.Y. is when there's a college graduation and he's the speaker....a pretty boring speaker at that.
liar
We think Pres, Trump said that long before you did.
Thank you sir. A leader stands up
Please be sure to have the followed in the terror attacks! There must be a connection between oil fields who controls!  Peace &to London
I can't stand your lies.
Joint fight? You mean the "come one come all" stance you have.
You think there is terror now?
Hey are your tears for the terrorists or the victims, you can't have it both ways. Ohhhh wait 2015, 2017, guess you can
C'mon chuckie What is it Last week ur praising the muslims & this week u want to fight them Pandering is a way of life 4 u Hello America
So will you demand they pay their 2% GDP towards NATO to fight terrorists
What a joke Chuck. All you care about is yourself
That's great Chuckie. You & liberals need to stand with our POTUS in OUR fight against terrorists. Pass our travel ban...or it could be us..
Travel ban will do jack. It doesn't include #SaudiaArabia (most 9-11 were from there) but it does include Iran which never attacked US soil
Its a start.. if liberals don't work a little with POTUS, it will be us. Americans want something done sooner than later.
Why should we? @GOP obstructed Obama every chance they could for no reason, and we have PLENTY of reasons to obstruct him.
Wow.. guess there are people that just don't care what Americans want...Trump WILL GET DONE what he pledged to do.
He said he wanted to make jobs: job creation has plummeted since his inauguration, and Paris Agreement was a JOB CREATOR in the US
"Joint fight" by limp wristed Chuckle? That's rich! Greatest allies ISIS has are the Liberals in USA. Keep voting out Democrats.
You realize that ISIS was created under Bush's watch right?
Chucky stick where the sun doesn't shine
Really, what are you doing? All you ever do is talk and pat yourselves on the back.
You fighting against terrorism?  Laughable!  Such a liar! @CNN @cnnbrk @CNNnewsroom @CBSNews @MSNBC @NBCNews @nytimes @washingtonpost @ABC
Good Lord you need mental health assistance.
I said a reason why you lost sweetie!!!
No  no we just got it back after 8 years of a beta male.
Yes and you must be one of those who have no idea why they lost the election.
Thank you for being a voice for unity with the people and leaders of the UK.
Quick chuckles another terrorist funded CAIR center just opened. Please drive them out.
A) travel ban is unconstitutional B) most terrorists are from SAUDI ARABIA which is not on the list C) the rest are BORN IN THE US
You mean Radical Jihad Terrorist
Yeah happy Ramadan to you too Schumer J O
Chuck you are the problem, please give us your suggestions to curve the influx of Muslim and there supporters!!!!
Most effective action=stop internet radicalization opportunities;involve youth of all faiths in productive activity, education, work. #focus
Senator, why are we seeing all this Trump cult hate speech on Twitter, all of a sudden? Please have Robert Mueller investigate. Big threat.
You are the threat
#TrumpRussia bot. 11 followers!  Red flag
But. But you want to do nothing to stop them from coming here. Once again you are all talk.
Thank you for standing in with a presidential statement as we only have #FakePres45
44 destroyed our country.
Well so far all I see is u and the Dems supporting them any way u can let them in give them sanctuary have you not learned anything
Yes agree, but please name the  people or countries that support terrorism..
America does not support you. You are weak and limp. You cannot keep us safe.
What a concept @realDonaldTrump!
No you do not. Your party stands with the Islamic Terrorists.
I'm sorry, were we the ones in power when ISIS was created? No? Oh right, that was Bush and his GOP majority.
Maybe so maybe not but no doubt Obama and his Dems nutured ISIS.
Oh they're fighting them? Those poor people are stuck with politicians like YOU who want to welcome the unvetteds in with open arms.
Blah, and the terror south of???
Are You Crying Now?
Liberals aren't doing $hit to help fight terror. Does it make u feel like u do when u write this? All you're focused on is bringing POTUS
Trump cult is our national security threat, not Muslims #Islamaphobia #TrumpRussia
U lost me at Trumps Cult
Unquestioningly dedicated to delusional leader; believing fake news; prone to "us vs. them" mentality; closed mindedness; fear of outsiders.
Yeah those Dems are crazy
#TrumpRussia bot.  3 followers, you fool no one.
So you will fight against your own party?
How do you justify this statement Chuckles when you protect criminals in sanctuary cities in the US??? You're full of  shit.
I live in a sanctuary city and am proud of it. Our immigration system is a disaster, we need to stop treating all undocs like criminals
You are the problem! We have laws that everyone must follow, and illegal immigration is still illegal.

What exactly are YOU doing to fight terrorism SenSchumer?  It would be nice if you weren't obstructing everything the Republicans do.
GOP and #TrumpRussia trying to ruin this country.  Sen Schumer is our PROTECTION from their attempts at  kleptocracy.

Then why do we keep arming them?
You stand next to the savages holding the knife
Chucky the Clown speaks. How much was he paid to say something he doesn't believe. He is partly responsible for our trouble with ISIS. Jerk.
Thank you for doing the right thing.
Very well said so proud that I live in your district and can call you my Senator.
How about STAND with Americans to prevent terrorist attacks here, oh wait, that would be racist to protect our own Country! Hypocrites!
If you really cared you would help Trump and stop the glow of unknown un vetted people into our country
Could u pls stand together also on stop selling weapon to terrorists real financial and ideological supporter  #SaudiaArabia
Really... Than why did you help Obama take money earmarked for the fight of terrorists and spend it on Green crownies
Who are THEY Chuck? SAY IT!!
That is the first true statement you have ever said Chuck Schumer keep up the good work maybe you're coming around to the American way
Will be here soon bc of gullible people like you that fall for taqiyyah and won't protect us. Don't know how you sleep at night.
But the temporary #travelban is mean? Thankfully you are a dem leader because clowns like you continue to destroy your party and not 
Oh shut up...
Chuck try to stand with President Trump instead of being an obstructionist! Encourage a"temporary ban " and close the borders!PC=stupidity!
Sorry Senator, you can't make this statement while obstructing @POTUS & backing sanctuary cities. Doesn't work that way...
Trucks, knives, and Muslim people Chuckles...bring them on over...Yea Progress 
What a president would sound like if we had one.
Nice words but your actions, resistance, and obstruction say something different...
Then support Trumps travel ban.  Serious Vetting is the only way to keep terrorists out of our country.
We vet refugees out the wazzoo. Our vetting process is obscene. All terrorists in the US are born here, not coming in the borders.
Are you serious they come in from Syria they are coming from Guatemala What ever vetting we have going on is not working Quit blocking Trump
You want open borders and sanctuary cities.  You ARE part of the problem.
No U don't chuckles @SenSchumer U R a #Fakerepresenative #fakeAmerican you do not represent people you represent criminals #Buildthewall
"Copy/paste". Done. Strong stand, Chuckie.
#citizentogether
SENATOR SCHUMER AS LONG AS WE HAVE A COMMON ENEMY ;SATAN AND THOSE THAT FOLLOW SATAN ;WE FOREVER STAND UNITED ;IN OUR BATTLE AGAINST HIM!
You Chucky support them so that mean we are to fight against you, that sounds good to me. You dont speak for most in the US only against
That's the most rational thing I've ever seen from you.

The fake polticians no longer put ppl's safety as their first priority, the politically correctness becomes their execuse to avoid actions.
Thank you Senator Schumer. But could someone tell the President.
Do you live under a rock or just work for CNN
Live on atop lovely bit of London clay thanks. #LoveLondon
You should tell your prime minister that not Trump
Here's a hint Chuck, the group that supports them are MUSLIMS.
Hypocrites
& tries to stand apart from those who would belittle the Mayor of London; or use this terrible attack as an opportunity for political gain!
The Major of London is a radical Muslim! Demwits are so ignorant!

Actually fight for a change!
Like Saudi Arabia? Would you tell the president please?

POTUS is right, nowadays politicians all use fake "unity " " stand together" appeals to escape their responsibilities to protect ppl.
As opposed to the racism and fear-mongering that the Orange Menace peddles.
