how bout taking care of your own people for once?# America first 
Is that what your Christians Bible tells you do do? Smh
nope don't read the bible i believe in science. And logic try it some time
Will u give them all the $9 million you received from George?
Funny how you never pray for legal Americans as you try to get god out of everything
Let them fend for themselves
We are praying for Mexico and for my beloved native island of Puerto Rico
You don't have a heart

Be sure to send the same amount you sent to Texas and Florida for the victims & before you start asking for donations for the Socialist
Mexico, oh ueah why not send billions of $$ to help you feel better.  Since your not doing anything for Us here except dragging your feet
In espanol please 
Chuckles
Why???
Sure you noticed that DT did not acknowledge the 1st catastrophe. Someone must have told him to tweet concern this go round. Embarrassing!
Mother Nature is sending a very clear message to all of us w/the combo of hurricanes & the earthquakes in Mexico!
Don't, he's lying through his teeth
we love u Chuck! Thank Nancy too!
I support anything to do away with Obamacare.  It worthless and unaffordable.   Anything to replace it better than keeping it.
If you are heart broken then why dont you stop the madness of HAARP and geoengineering!!!
God bless Mexico...
Send the dreamers down there to help, kills two birds with one stone! #EndDACA #Deport
Be a leader be a doer. Do something. Id respect you for that. Your just a helicopter senator. Very disappointed in you.
Why isn't the US sending any help? That's what we should be doing.
Sen what can US do to help
GET out to the MEDIA ALL DEMOCRATES call the CBO GET on EVERY TALK SHOW every MEDIA CHANNEL ☏GET the VOICES out there SAVE US #ACA
How can we Americans help them? Is there a fund bypassing this hateful Trump regime getting aid to Mexico?
Yes Agree! And Heartbroken even more for the # People who will lose coverage under new "Mania - Sickness" healthcare bill! Disgusting!
You don't give a crap about anyone except yourself.
Maybe you should go there to help out!
Send DACA to help,  they'll need a passport to return.
Why dont you join the peace corp. Stop praying start doing. Stop hanging with the helicopter Democrats. Do something. Roll up ur sleeves.
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled don't care American families and democratic care about them self only
Will we be sending aid as Mexico did for Texas?
Very sad indeed, what's even more sad is you can't mention U.S. territory Puerto Rico being hit by a hurricane. Always about the others.
Thank you, Chuck! Be careful with Trump..he may like you more than McConnell; only bc it benefits him right now!
Shut up Chuck. You are wrong
Libs would say this is God's revenge for polluting Los Angeles if the earthquake occurred there.
Is the US sending aid to Mexico?  They are our neighbor and friends.  I don't think Trump is going to do anything.
It feels like a biblical thing is happening right now. It's scary. 
You should be more focused on Graham Cassidy. This bastard of a bill could pass and you and @NancyPelosi have some blame. By cutting deal w/
Trump gave congress the time to come up with the bill and get it passed under reconciliation. Now you need to fix it...
Nice of youWe r 
And where is this statement from POTUS?
You, praying??? Blah ahaha hahahaha 
Where is our assistance to our neighbor?
What say you @GOP, @GOPLeader?
Has trump even said anything about the disasters in Mexico?
How about focusing on social security disability reform. Judges are bias against claimints. Takes 2 yrs to get ur case heard. Come on....
It is heartbreaking! & glad you're praying for them.  Just wondering why u weren't "Heartbroken" For AMERICANS when we were hit?
Chuck is only worried his share of illegal voters will make it to US to vote for him
How can we help?  as they helped us.
What the hell is the matter with you, voting for MORE money than even Trump--TRUMP--asked for? You are insane.
Praying???? You dont know how. You are such a piece of crap liar. Just want to suck up to any Mexicans that might vote for you, all crap
Support USA relief effort 4 Mexico by bussing dreamers #BestAndBrightest 2 help,@POTUS providing free transportation by contacting @ICEgov 
Trump tweet coming up:  Mexico, now they have bricks for the wall!  Very fantastic.  No one has to pay, like I promised!
U can always go live there U globalist traitor.
Many kids trapped  this is horrible #sismocdmx
How about mentioning that #GrahamCassidy takes abortion away?
We are all watching the devastation unfold and the growing loss of life. We pray for the people of Mexico  Does POTUS have anything to say?
We are all seeing the devastation and growing loss of life. Not one word from POTUS. Are you speaking

Surprised you have a heart because you are spineless!!
Waiting for you to blame this on Trump.

5
.
.
4
.
.
3
.
.
2
.
.
1
URGENT READING FOR TRUMP AND CABINET. SUNDAY 9/17 NYT PAGE 5 SUNDAY REVIEW.
Praying does not help.

All the amazing citizens of Mexico racing to help victims. Just like our people helping in Hurricane. We have more in common
good trump. you're jealous, another global warming disaster that Trump and his private sector crew can fix.
Maybe their countrymen will go home and help out.
@SenSchumer I have not seen a single tweet of condolences or offer of assistance from our so called President. Give him hell! Please!
Tvhank you Senator, hope they are fine, we are all praying and trying to help the best we can
Pleasee, Sen. Schumer!
"heartbroken" is not used cavalierly.
Be sad or feeling compassion. But "Heartbroken" only if your child or wife dies
All the Best & Brightest Young Mexican Nationals living in the US need transport home to help their families...we should help them, Lordy!
Mr Schumer just stop all you say is a lie. You have no compassion for no one but you.
Send a few million illegal aliens down to help them Chuck!

Yea your prayer hit the roof and bounced back into your face lol #retire #DrainTheSwamp
@EPN our hearts go out to you & your people. @SenSchumer
La Shana tova
U dont have friends, u have no heart, you dont give a rats ass for anyone that cant place a vote for you.
Maybe it is time for the Illegals in America to go home and help their families.
Thankyou Sen. Schumer you and Nancy can save us.
Pander alert 
Better: send help!
Fracking??
You should be president.
God will quit punishing them once they pay for the wall.
Just move your TRAITOR ass down there pls
But....Trump said they were going to pay for the wall 
Can't be to heartbroken chucky! Don't let there #lies fool you #Libs only like Mexicans for VOTES!
PROVE ME WRONG #MAGA
Your wrong.
Will you & Hillary and the gang be travelling there to "help" all of the "orphaned" children? I'm sure there are other resources there too.
Me too chuck  send them your money.
 yea send me some to
Hope the wall is earthquake proof
Thanks for being such a decent human being! We need more of you in the WH and Congress.
I am curious Mr Schumer who you are praying to? I don't believe that God listens to people who believe in killing unborn children.
Shut up!! People can't be concern for more than one person?!
What, no Spanish for them Chuckles?    You only speak Spanish to Mexicans in America?   How about a little Que Lastima?
now send them aid. Don't let make us all look like ungracious bastards like our pres.
You can donate here:
Get a hashtag down there. Stat! That will fix them
 Oh right, because people can't be concerned with more than one group of people?!
Mexicans? Mexicans don't live in Puerto Rico.
And once again the "president" will be silent
And we all know you really don't pray.
So have you ACTED on any request to assist our neighbors? Of course you haven't. Actions speak louder than your words.
We really need to address climate change so this can be slowed up so many people hurt losing property and life
Wow! You're talking about climate change when there's an earthquake?  You must be either joking or just ignorant!
You are a good man  @SenSchumer!
Yes. And watching Puerto Rico so closely. Just got our last communication as power shut off to the island...
Globull warming?
And Hurricane Katia
SCROTUS' Twitter account must be down.  No word from him about this tragedy.
If SCROTUS is Trump, this is from 3 hours ago.
God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you.
I  think it meant #NObama
I don't.
Go live there, take Nancy and all your corrupt crew with you! We are done with you! Evil dirty pockets Devil greed 
Praying for our FRIENDS in Mexico!!!!! 
Who? @realDonaldTrump is the only pedophile slime ball that I know of! That must be who your talking about!!!!
Hey Chuck, it's time for YOU to support MEDICARE FOR ALL AMERICANS !
Just curious. Who do you pray to? Serious question.
He worships whatever God he worships. The so-called Christians in this admin only worship money. The resident of 1600 only worships himself.
Okay....but I'm still curious.
