I'm not so sure I do. But I will trust you!
Think again and do some research.
I'm a professional scientist. I can do this all day. I put in religious things b/c, according to your profile, that's what appeals to you
Are you working with a full deck?
Enjoy your fundraising. U gonna need it.
Unfortunately HE is probably safe in NY.
Pbly but no help to the rest of the country. Money is all he cares abt.
You are only half right. He cares about power too.
I stand corrected.

his dark heart shows by the way he bullshits his way thru the day
BUT:
his day will come when he'll kneel before his maker..  THEN?

G. luck
Watch obstructionist at the highest level by u
Chuck is  a left over remnant of Berry Boy.  You are not interested in what is best for America.  You want what is best for your pockets
Thank you for defending affordable healthcare for all Americans tonight, @SenSchumer.
really..My fam lost health insurance,under ACA,Bills now as big as mortgage.No Dr would take it,either.Yea really works
TY chuck Schumer for supporting us.
Nice try cryin Chuck. George Soros and and moveon. org bankrolled this "rally". This is an example of paid protestors!
Yes, plz explain because I don't see anything positive 4  people, healthcare, or our economy. Ocare is unsustainable and u know it!!!!!! 
What's 'good', for Chuck, is he and his buddies are exempt from its effects. And his pals are making lots of money on it - as we r robbed.
Exactly!!  Trump should EO them to suffer too!!!!
You know we the people know you don't care about us. You look down those glasses at us like we are your employees. Term limits. No benefits!
No insurers left in your state? YOU WILL BE FINED IN APRIL and Chuckles APPROVES!!!
Letting America down again!  Repulsive libtard politicians are destroying America with extreme hateful compassion!  Shameful!
LIAR! YOU said I could keep my doctor..LIES!!  YOU said my premiums would NOT go up.. LIES!!! YOU are not telling the truth!!
if you don't see this CLOWN as someone who only CARES
about HAVING POWER, THEN YOU ARE BLIND~

HE doesn't care about the people, JUST POWER~
You suck
#ShysterShuckySchumer is killing America with decisive and deliberate division fueled with Hate!
ACA for all Dems that voted it on based on all lies.When had health insurance,no Dr took it.Thanks,from middle class.U own it
If you don't know who George Soros is then I suggest you do a little research.
SCHUMER is the Senate's daddy 

ENJOY YOUR OBAMACARE
#nowcutmytaxes
What can we do to stop these evil bastards who seem to only want to hurt Americans?
If you are one of the millions who are uninsured because of ACA, like my family, join me to show Chuck we do exist.
Chuck. GOP HaveBecome DEATH PANELS They Warned US About. GOP & Trump= Death So 400 Richy Riches CAN HAVE MORE STUFF. TRUMP GOP=DEATH PANELS!
Why are looney liberals such drama queens?
Watching on CSpan. Thank you for fighting so hard for us!
You must be a non worker that takes from the tax paying working class. This will lead to fewer Doctors, death panels that are in the bill!
If you lost your insurance because of ACA, like my family, join me to show these politicians that we do exist.
watching this clown Shiter is so sad as all one needs to do is look into his eyes and you won't find a soul~
Yeah how much you paying Reps to vote no all of you are Crooks and will pay at the polls at in 2018 We Have Had Enough #remember63Mill4POTUS
Thanks for bringing these fake protestors to Americas attention!

You're not worth a shit Chucky,  when will you go to work for the American people and quit stealing.
Schumer enable parasites to  devour USA democracy from within
Resist is just another thing hurting your party. Go for it so we can get rid of more of you in next election
Im sorry but WHERE IS THE OUTRAGE
President nominates lawyer for Alfa Bank to head criminal division at DOJ. Really? Was counsel for Russia's Vnesheconombank unavailable? https://twitter.com/chrisgeidner/status/889878621648809984 …
Good job. Now work together across the aisle and help bring the country back together. "United We Stand, Divided We Fall."
Quick look made me want to vomit!!! Your people really are brainwashed.  Something else you're proud of, Chuck?  A card is not care. Shame!
I saw a welfare mooch who thinks everyone else  should pay for her Medicaid while she sits at home eating Bon-Bons and watching Oprah.
20% of Americans are on Medicaid stealing from the working class who pay taxes. These takers are losers, thieves, and your voting base.
Resist repeal!!! We Americans do not want D.C. to control our health insurance.  The working class is tired of pulling the cart for takers!!
#NeverACAorAHCA #SinglePayerNow! Remember @DNC Passed #ACA Knowing It Needed Fixing—Becoming Unaffordable Care Act
Will not pay into ACA will not pay penalties will not vote for anyone that voted against repeal ans replace RESIST THE ACA MAKE IT COLLAPSE
I did and very DISAPPOINTED! Wanted it REPEALED. CHEAPER to pay PENALTY. PITIFUL!
Good job today. Good job taking the high road after McConnell's despicable, inaccurate comments
Now is the time for Single pay healthcare! Forget the greedy little  insurance companies
Do you really understand what Single Payer is?  Besides pathetic healthcare and death panels, economic suicide! Why do u want it so badly?
Dam u old Chuck!
Does this bill defund Planned Parenthood for a year?  It sure looks like it. I thought that required more than 50+1 votes.
Is it a time lapsed video of yr receding hairline?
You and your party lied to us, the American people when you passed Obamacare and did nothing for years. Now you want to talk? GO AWAY!!!!!!!
thank you for doing your best cspan2
So you want middle class people to lose their homes and scrap ends just to pay for others health insurance
Thank you for continuing to fight against the repeal. What Republicans are trying to do is sickening.
Watch a crooked blowhard like you? NO THANKS! Its more exciting watching grass grow than watch a pathological liar blow at the podium
You have done nothing to help we the people in getting further just yourself
you'd be better off if you had a brain.
Shame on you. You are why Democrats lose
"Let's start over!" We gave you 6 months Chuck, you wanted nothing to do with our Bill or compromise! #Headclown 
Perhaps life's/ you don't care about the people only your pocketbook and still communicating with Obama and Killery to keep it 
Every time you start talking, I say "Thank GOD for the mute button"!
Ask every Republican Senator who votes for the skinny repeal to promise to resign if the House passes the bill.
Obamacare was passed on Christmas Eve at midnight in the middle of the rain. "You have to pass the bill to see what's in it!"
When will Democrats get it. America doesn't want or need your pathetic lectures. We have had enough!
It's obama 2.0
Thanks for your work tonight.
I don't watch anything that's followed by #resist
Another #PovertyPimp
You gotta go we do not want socialize medicine
Blah blah blah!
cryin chuck
Chuckles! Hahahaha! I'm not playing into your scare tactics! Go see mommy!
WOW! Well said, very impressive!
@gop@,@SpeakerRyan,@POTUS,@SenMcConnell, @KellyannePolls
Schumer, Sir, enough. Why didn't YOU DEMS VOTE EVEN 1 today for USA? Bark, grr, sad
Alert: Chuck revels in crisis , revenge , obstruction , and ignorance if self . Go chuck Gi!
Blah blah blah
Nah you all make me sick...watch it on news feed in morn...good nite.
Move on is a george Soros funded group. George is a sworn enemy of America and has vowed to destroy our way of life
If I start drinking will shumers tweets start to make sense? #Fairytales
My fortune we the people hired you/we want you all to work together or we the people are coming and taking over all jobs from the Senate 
No I am not going to watch it Big Eye Chuck.
Thank you senator
I love my country. Together we can fight together we win
You're a clown Chuckie
Dilly Dally Delaying Democrat!
What's this repubs requesting new spec counsel to investigate Obama and HRC?  Please say they won't succeed?
#ResistRepeal Fake news by phony politicians trying to secure votes for 2018!
If you tell me to do something, I know you well enough to do the exact opposite.
I'd rather watch paint dry.
I think we need to be watching CSPAN more.
He's takin over our f'in country, goddamnit! MOVE your ass!
Healthcare shmeathcare. How bout our F'in democracy?  Get the R's (Russians/Republicans) the F out!! U watched Trump win pres, Wake up!
Thank you Senator
All Democrats even them in gov. must but Obamacare or get fined 99% of there worth. Obamacare is crap
Rome is burning, and you f'in democrats are playing fiddles! WTF! DO something NOW, b 4 it's 2 f'in late!  I'll never vote 4 u a$$wipes agai
Anyone got a non-facebook link?
Republicans healthcare bill sucks millions of Americans wouldn't have Medicaid don't let it go threw
Republicans an Democratic need to impeach Trump 25th amendment IMPEACH Trump Republicans healthcare bill sucks
In looney liberal delusional dreams!
The only thing I want to watch is for you to get off your ass and become a part of the solution instead of party line obstruction.
Schumer doesn't even know what's in it, he said that on tv.  He lies
You're going to want to wake up and read this Chuck!
Resist.  Resist.  Resist.  That's all you Democrats know.
waste of time chuckie

Schumer ,You're a liar and a con
Can't watch it, won't play
I never thought I'd be terrified to watch C-Span.
#NoSkinnyRepeal
FUSION GPS CHUCK YOU KNOW ANYTHING
Nope ,We're tired of your manipulation and lies
Looks like a cry for help. Are you gonna cry again?
YOU PEOPLE ARE UNDER INVESTIGATION CHUCK
How about you get to work
Idiot
And listen to more crap. Would rather listen to nails on a chalkboard
I doubt that
the only thing I would like to watch is your resignation. Your party put us in this predicament with Healthcare. We are trying to fix it
Start doing your job and stop playing politics   America is fed up with your BS games   Get off your butt and go to WH and get stuff done
Won't you just go away Chuck?
Is this the vote on the skinny bill that would go over to the house? Ugh!
Been watching since I returned home from having an o/p surgical procedure this a.m.---Great save on our behalf!!! 
What happened chuck snorter
OMFG! #CryingChuck ADMITS he's in league with George Soros via move on . org. #SkinnyRepeal.#ResistRepeal means Chuck is working 4 Soros.

Good thing football camp just started getting sick to my stomach listening to all the bullshit coming out of Washington.
#DeathByGOP

Don't think so! ACA has failed it must be repealed! Socialism doesn't work! Give it up communist scum! You still don't get it! MAGA
Is it you resigning??!!
Hmmm Schumer.. I see collusion
hey cry me a river, you ever serve in military? What's your pension?
What is the Heller amendment?
Vote to permanently repeal tax on "Cadillac" health ins. Plans
How much wine do I need?    My unhealthy coping mechanisms to deal with GOP keep growing
is it Bannon trying to suck his own cock?
I am watching it now.
Do your reading glasses actually keep your considerable schnazolla in place?
#Putinbot

Your caps lock is on!
YES, YES IT IS!
Would rather go get my colonoscopy
Can't sir. Think I'm gonna throw up.
Throwing up due to stress and fear is undoubtedly a preexisting condition according to the GOP. Too worried to watch.
The sad part, it's not too big an exaggeration. High BP is considered a pre-existing condition & I don't even want to know what mine is...

Don't even try to cyberbully me right now, I'm not in the mood.
Yea you look like a little snowflake

I'm really not - I'm worried about my unborn baby right now..
THIS IS THE GAME !
