On top of that, this would cost anywhere from 5 to 7 TRILLION dollars and they have no credible plan to pay for it.
If they don’t pay for it, they’ll balloon the deficit and debt and then try to slash #Medicare and other important programs instead.
True
Or a politician. How much are you worth Chuck?
The Democrats have taxed the corporations with the highest tax rate in the world driving our jobs overseas.
Mr Schumer when you or Pelosi become President (yea right) then maybe then you can ad mouth Mr Trup
Don't be an... 

Oops. Too late demoncRAT.
Chuck don't worry about the 1% okay worry about the rest of the percents
That's a lie. It cuts taxes for the middle class & lower middle class, not the upper 1%. #SchumerLies
You are deceived.
Bet you and your family are happy!
Middle class homeowners will get creamed with Trump's tax plan.
Can't deduct property tax from 1040.
Want my vote, then: 1) Improve Obamacare 2) Stronger gun laws 3) Get rid of Citizens United 4) College affordable 5)Tax the rich
@TomPerez Go Chuck!!!
Nick doesn't understand basic math. First 12,000 or 24,000 if married is tax free. That directly HELP the poor they will be in ZERO tax

proportionally 6) Get rid of oil & coal & use solar & wind 7) Remember that USA was built by immigrants 8) Hate crimes = domestic terrorism
Lowering corporate taxes is smart and good for all Americans who have pension plans invested in these companies.
How about no #taxreform discussions until 45 shows his tax returns?
Tax Reform also gives Teachers, Nurses, factory workers a raise. Blocking #TaxReform is blocking money from their pocket.
Trump's tax plan will destroy middle class homeowners.
Can't deduct property taxes.
The new tax plan just makes those deductions obsolete. Middle class still brings home more money without paying HR Block to find deductions.
What happened to love and tolerance? Yikes lady, get a grip.

Do u have proof that the middle class gets screwed or did CNN tell you that?
Girl I read the fucking details. I will pay more as will millions of middle class americans. But you keep lying for that Mercer money
Homeowners will be destroyed.
Hey Chuck let's pass Reciprocal Conceal Carry Bill. So we can arm ourselves from all of the gangs and refugees you have let into NY State.
You are the biggest liar that has ever existed.
Trump/GOP tax plan is but a 'smash & grab' burglary by the rich and US Corps. Break into US Treasury, grab it all, and Off Shore it to China
Who cares if rich get tax cut..just go away!
You sir area liar you know this is not true yet you wrote your talking points before even seeing it this is why Dems are losers
HEY CHUCK STOP DRINKING TEQUILA. GET SOBER

This is what the Mercer/Koch money has been waiting for. No estate taxes, deep cuts and deeper deficits. How is this fair?
Why should anyone pay estate taxes?What deep cut it's less than 4% and top 1% already pays most of the taxes. Why do liberals attack success
Come on now. Cutting taxes for the rich helped everyone last time GOP tried it in 2000s. Lots & lots of jobs.

Wait, do I have that wrong?

Today's debate not about 70% v. 50% top rate. It's about 40% v. 28-35%. On that, Bush I (28/31); Clinton (40); Bush II (35); Obama (40).
I could counter with facts, but you don't want to truth. You want to be taxed more to give politicians to bribe with and spend inefficiently
Was anything other than enriching the 1 percent expected?This is Trump remember.
What a load of bs
Exactly. Tax cuts for the wealthy are BS. Glad you finally agree. Now, vote for someone who cares.
Not cutting taxes for the wealthiest at all. It's a cut for everyone, especially small businesses. The corp. rate is way out of range
You either can't read or you are very wealthy!
Whistling through the graveyard. Literally.
Liberals attack success me then wonder why there base is poor
Tom, tell truth! Tax concept: simplify taxes (eliminate loopholes you take advantage of), lower corporate taxes which will create jobs!
Senator I must have missed your proposal for a tax reform

@TomPerez ...then you get double the standard deduction and postcard size tax returns.
A Boondoggle Masquerading as Tax Reform
And why are rich people people singled out to pay more? They pay more now. Incent them to invest not govt waste.
Another fail bill. Reminiscent of Ryan's, McConnell, Graham&Cassidy health care bill.
If they can only remember that these bills are for ppl
Trump & GOP are complete morons and the worst @POTUS @GOP ever!
Russian money launderers and Traitors to our country!
No redeeming qualities
Gentlemen-
While I agree whole-heartedly with the first half of your tweet,
the end is beneath you & our party. Lets not sink to GOP ugly!
Shhh, they call it "small business"
Tax cuts should come from reductions in government spending at the Federal, State and Local levels!
Why is Trump still Pres? He is unstable and mentally delusional imo The majority know it! when will Gov stand up for Americans
Who is against tax cuts?  Who trusts this awful, broken, corrupt swamp with YOUR own money?!?  Also, why aren't u on obamacare chuck?
this tax plan the repubs are trying to sell everyone is just trickle-down stuff dressed up to "look" different...
You are a lying scumbag who had the priorities of your constituents way low on your priority list. Everyone knows it
How did we make that graphic?
If we took away taxes for anyone making 30,000 or less, you would still be against it
Why don't you actually read the whole plan before commenting. It would make you a little more credible.

Less money for you swamp people to waste. Rich people are Americans too. Stop demonizing them. I bet you're in the top 10 percent
Of course us little people get nothing cept to pick up the slack for the big ppl n corps smh
So Chucky, how's it feel since most of you are 1%ers
If you aren’t, then you are kind of screwed like Puerto Rico.
This top 1% stuff is a lie, same ole stuff Dems have been saying for years.!!! I want to keep my money!! 1/2 of my bonus goes to govt. 
All you have to do is look at history, tax cuts work!! I am tired of my hard earned money going to govt , then someone who doesn't wk.
Chuck, get a grip !
You are rich, angry, and a detriment to the middle class.
I watched you for years ...u have a huge ego problem.
It looks good to me, these tax cuts will help my family to the point to where we would no longer qualify for food stamps. Happy Days
Should not serve more than 8 years.
These career politicians need to retire. You can tell they're washed up and old and they're just getting rich off of the government's money
Back to the mattress savings plan.

If you arent, maybe you will get a job from those who already pay 70% of all federal taxes Please stop being such a Marxist
You, your career politician parasite friends, lobbyists, & cronies oughtta LOVE it, then! Aww, are you gonna take one for the team, crybaby?
Hmmm...I pretty sure legislation is the purview of Congress. Why don't you do ur job instead of waiting on POTUS?
Dump Bernie and the "unity" commission.
And though your not the top 1% you make more money in a year than most  and do nothing more than to destroy this country with your PC crap.
@SenSchumer I only make 18k  a year this is good for me. Looks like they are #draintheswamp of you #rich #Democrats
Pass the ACA knowing it would kill the middle class, that's why congress is exempt from it.
You and the other dems have been too faced this entire time.
And you don't want a tax cut because that's money out of your pockets when you can't give your lobbies what they want.
Schumer, never heard you complain about the deficit when Obama made it higher than all the presidents before him.
Dare you to quote where you got that
You have to stop him, we low income Seniors need help.
Lyin chuck is at it again. He's a master distortion propaganda promoter. Prolly thinks people actually believe his stuff.
Anyone who believes this loser is a loser! @POTUS agenda already got us to 3.1 economy! Ur young, use ur "Navy Veteran" GI Bill 2 get educat
Chuck's afraid someone might catch up with him.
That's crap and you know it Weiner, I mean Schumer
Why are democrats called tax and spend - your upset your spending money will be gone when taxes are lowered
Go lay down. You just don't get it and are an obstructionist and anarchist. We need tax reform. Where is your plan?  Be part of improvement.
I'm getting a big break as middle class family and I already figured it out. TRUMPS TAX REFORM RULES!!!
Or in this case, the "top" 0.12%
#LIAR #CHUCKMISLEADS #TAXREFORMGOOD
lol is their ever a time when you tell the truth? truth is not a value of the democraps.
=> Oh c'mon!  That isn't right.  Is it, Donnie?
Untrue, Mr Schumer. This rhetoric is getting old and tired.
I think you might live in a glass house! Obama added 10trillion to the deficit & we pay more taxes than ever!
Why aren’t the democrats doing ANYTHING to stop these people. It’s like everyone is sitting on their ass letting them just keep hurting Us.
what about the 1% in Congress they benefit too. Nancy Pelosi and Feinstein come to mind.
We want our jobs back in the United States , that you liberals pushed out of our country. Ur answer to everything is higher taxes.
Why do you lie & deceit the American people about the Tax Reform Bill? It worked under Reagan and it will work now! #KeepYoMoney
Dems don't like ppl prosperin witout govt cuz thn there is no need for dems. All they hav to offr is anothr govt program no real opportunity
You are amazing at fake crying 
Chuck you like most dems are economic morons. All they know how to do is tax regulate make everything more expensive and watch jobs leave.
I am tired of my husband on road all week as truck driver and no profit bc of taxes while you get rich, all of Democrats!
So sad how our country has been ruined by all of the corruption and that is you and friends! Your tears are fake chuck!
You appear to have no self awareness to your bullshit. Sign of a sociopath
You lie to the American people. That's why #democrates fail & @BarackObama set us back centuries. Get out.
If you are stupid, you dont understand that when you tax corporations. They just simply charge you for the added cost. WE pay the tax again!
Of course that is the  (T) way, he could care less for the middle and the poor
Stop lying Chuck! Stop lying!
Retire fake tears Schumer
Why are you willing to sell out the middle class to try to make President Trump look bad ????
But it's fair someone like me who makes barely 50K to support my family gets taxed to pay for lying politicians like you.
When I was a young child my parents taught me that lying was wrong. Apparently your parents did not have the same moral values mine did.
Schumer you are an unbelievable liar! I am in that 1% just as YOU are. The bill would cost me an extra $30000 in taxes. You too right?
Bride of Chucky Schumer, the leader of the Obstructionist Communist Democrap Party. #TaxReform
Why don't U tell the TRUTH for once? U think if Schumer Says It, it's fact. U R wrong. STOP misleading the people. U R just plain MEAN
Do YOU read Ayn Rand, Sen Schumer?
Did you read 1970 secret Powell memo?
Are YOU a member of the US Chamber of Comerce?
PAC's, THINK TANKS,
We R WATCHING what is in store for the underclass WITHIN the USA.
We will be left to ROT as if WE were on an ISLAND and no help is coming.
Oh, I think there is a plan for those under $110,000
Give upper middle class and higher a huge tax cut, then tell us there's 0 money for ACA
If U believed the #LiberalLies U spew U'd let it happen & fail so dems would win in '18 & '20! U fear @realDonaldTrump success! #MAGA
Ah FUCK YOU crying Clown we all know fool well your word and the rest of you Dumb Ass democrats don't mean shit fucking POS
You are so full of hot air. Mostly lies and nothing to back up your charges. Try being a human being and get something done. U r being paid.
The Dem policies got us in this terrible situation. All U can do is resist. U cause more harm to the people than anything else. Loathe you!
Such a clever use of characters. No, Sniveling Schumer, you should have been replaced long ago. U R the leader of RESISTANCE. Sit down!
U get dumber by the day! Obstruct that's all you do! You are an idiot! U don't care about people! Trying to take down our democracy! STOP
You don't understand $ and growth. Gary Cohn is exactly right. You have to spend money to make money. That's what this plan does.

Chuck go hide under a rock for the next 8 years.
Why are you so hell-bent on obstruction?  You are wrong and YOU know it.  You just want to disrupt...just STOP IT The Tax code is beyond you
When did u care about deficit? When obama got out and quit spending YOUR SO FULL OF CRAP you leave a brown trail when u walk. READ
Yeah well YOU said I could keep my Doctor and YOU said my premiums would go down  $2500.00 per year Remember??? Actually the tax code is !!!
Blah blah blah. Last eight years no complaints about deficit. Other side complained. Now it's visa versa. You all play with OUR MONEY.
8 yrs of Obama&2 w/dem control in congress-NO balanced budget/no immigration policy
Talk about loopholes, I bet Chuckles buys $500 per pair underwear and writes it off!
Bull... this plan is for the middle & lower class. You lie so much it's just incredible.
Schumer= fake leader
So now you are worried about the deficit! Where were you when Obama Care was passed?  Biggest drain on our economy!  Hypocrite!
corporations = people (taxpayers)
Its my money to begin with Chuck, not yours. When Dems jack mu taxes no one but me worries about how to pay for ir
2016 DNC PROVED dem pols/party are corrupt/liars!
So you think they are using fake #s and models? Funny you don't think that when those "Climate" Scientist use made up #s but that's okay? SH
Dems under Obama=NO balanced budget!
Bull crap on everything u say on tax cuts-Obama/Dems=20trillion in debt/u destroyed healthcare too
BIGGEST TAX LOOPS deductions for the wealthy will be gone. stop your BS
Welfare spending increased 32% under Obama!
Dem economics are off, look at failing Obamacare. You're wrong on #TaxReform Chuck!
Chuck all you do is Whine & you forget if your a DEMOCRAT running for POTUS your biggest DONOR is WALLSTREET SAY like Hillary Clinton
And if the poorest among us don't pay any taxes ... I say do it! The richest among us are paying their fair share ... stop #beinganahole
And, if they make doing your own taxes easier without a CPA, TaxAct or some other program ... I say do it!  Stop #obstructing
What did you say to BO when he added 10 trillion to the dificit. YOU ARE A NUT
If providing corp's with a tax cut means an injection of jobs and investment back into the economy I say do it ... stop #resist
LIAR! HYPOCRITE! The state & local deduction massively benefits wealthy -- not so much for poor people.
Hey Chuck you might want to concentrate more on those terrible hair plugs you have and less on screwing the American people
RT @realDonaldTrump Once again like #FullRepeal #Trump screws #Americans & #WeThePeople on #taxes & sells out to the Big Corps. and wealthy.
This sounds like a great plan why are you obstructing...I know all my focus is going to be on the Senate now because you've got work to do!
If tax cuts for the rich were good for the economy how come we ended up with the worst recession after the Bush tax cuts?
Is there one thing. You dont lie about ???????
Only an economically ignorant liberal (redundant) believes that a tax cut has to be 'paid for'. How about spending less, Chuckie?
The Standard Deduction is doubled under the tax plan, which means the lowest bracket pays less taxes. And you know that. You're a liar
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/record-135-billion-a-year-for-illegal-immigration-average-8075-each-25000-in-ny/article/2635757 … You have no prob with this.
Your lies, lies & lies on healthcare give you no credibility. Where is my $2500 savings. All I got was higher premiums & deductibles.
Chuck hates everything
Under Dems the debt exploded to 20 trillion, where’s your plan to cut it?
I'm totally not surprised
God created Chuck Schumer because middle class hopes and dreams can't crush themselves.
Seriously, WTH is

¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 

Shouldn't you be able to present your plan for the rest of us?!?
@TheDemocrats oppose the proposed #taxreform & lying about it out of hate. Is that who you want to represent you, your paycheck & America?
Pelosi
Start showing examples of what person paid in 2017 and what they would pay under new plan - dems say we will pay a lot more
Are you going to ever agree or get behind anything?
So when do we recognize the true Americans regardless of what color or tax bracket you're in? Other countries are advancing, let's stop!
Schumky your Group has been saying crap like this for 50 years, Clear bak to Kennedy. Try to come up new Dialogue and come together @GOP.
Grrrr
I'm in the lower tier and the increased exemption will give me more money. Combined with simplification? VOTE FOR TAX REFORM!!!
You know that's a lie. People who want to can read the plan. It's math. I know you have to rally your "base" but don't insult us all
McCain called for regular order for healthcare. We need regular order for everything, including tax reform. McConnell railroading again.
Such a lie...
Honestly? Who do you get your information from?
What you believe is indeed your right to choose
Good to see that some trump supporters are pro choice
Unfortunately, I aren't.
Did I hear you correctly yesterday? I thought I heard you say the words revenue neutral? You must think we have very SMH! bad memories!
It is a f
Saw you partied w/ C Koch, Ivanka & Jared & Kellyanne Conway in the Hampton's last summer. It's almost like Rep & Dems are 1 big happy fam.
You have no problem using all the tax breaks! Shut up and sit down we r done with you.
