Your CBO score for ACA stunk too.
The CBO was way off for Obamacare too. They cannot predict the future. Very weak drumbeat! The GOP bill is Obamacare 101. Not good enough.
You're doing an awesome job Sen. Schumer. Keep up the good fight.
and Hillary will win the election!
ACA is dead...gotta make a change.
ACA is dead coz @POTUS  and awful republicans wanted it to die, hence ins companys leaving.TIme for #MedicareForAll ..Fight for us Dems!!
Of course all just in 6 months and Ins Companies weren't leaving last year--take the tin foil hat off...
They started leaving in 2015. ACA was implemented in 2014. PPO plans first to go. Everything went to EPO or HMO. UHC then  left first.
Not in my state, but then again thank God I" m in a blue state!
It will fall on dear ears! We listened to you for 8 years. U can shut up now
CBO = lol. What@did CBO say obamacare would do? The numbers are as real as Russia scandal .
What's your fix? Let's hear it or admit Obamacare is a huge failure and you have no fix.
Nobody gives a damn what you say #Nobody !
Yea, CBO score was SOOOO RIGHT about the ACA, huh?!?!?
What dotheyhaveleft to speak about except lies, spin and talks no points.Theyhave nothing, I could speak for them....
People losing Healthcare should never have been put on it at the expense of others. Obamacare is nothing more than socialized medicine.
The Dems need 2 flip a good portion of the Trump base TV commercials explaining this bill, new budget. Show where it will effect them

Dems are fails

CBO IS FAKE. No one can predict the future look at the predictions on Obama care 
So what? You guys have zero fight. Had super Maj 8 yrs ago and still had to change voting rules to a simple Maj. So terrible nothing changed
ButChuckypoo you lost again.
Supreme court reinstates travel banYES. @realDonaldTrump
Cryin' Chuck, No one believes a word that comes out of your mouth !
No I'll be watching Bonanza
You mean tonight we will hear all the Democrats crying crocodile tears.  You may be one the final nails in the Dem coffin.
We Must call this what it is: TRUMPCARE
Who wants to hear Deadbeats. Run their mouths
From Mr. Sniffles and Tears.
Are these the same people counting the National Debt, standing at $20T???
Oh and yes I let the Capitol Police know to expect the move on group in the rafters
We don't want to hear you any more. Be quiet.
Gee Chucky, explain this.
Speaking lies & obstruction Cause that's all u & the rest of ur pack does Lie deceive all for the good of each self serving other
And the CBO score was so accurate on O-Care..NOT-chuck just stop!
you are bought and paid for - we see you - voting you out soon
Stay quiet... No one cares what you think. We are on to you. You are a NY Mafia pawn.
No we won't. Your words mean nothing. U obstruct America. Now you think you can Monday morning QB. Your irrelevant . Just go cry in a corner
All that hot air should melt a few snowflakes huh?
Blah blah blah
@SenGillibrand this constituent and physician from Rochester, NY is HORRIFIED by #TrumpCare.   Thank you for standing up&speaking out!
WILL WE SEE YOU CRYING, LYING, OR DOES NG ANYTHING ELSE DRAMA LIJE FOR ATTN?  #NEVERBELIEVELYINDEMS
The same CBO that scored ObamaCare which ended up crashing and burning.. Maybe Schumer will tell us we can keep our Doc! Bring Gruber out!
Your team pooched it up to begin with. It's not hard to figure out. Government should never have gotten into health care. #getout
cut their own gov subsidies but you won't
Don't listens to dems until they stop lying
How do you know you'll be speaking out before the CBO score? You've already made up your mind.

Oh Chuckie you are so dramatic! Please don't ever step down, you give us Republicans such a chuckle! Bahahahaha
When are you submitting a proposed fixed to the ACA? I want to hear how it can be fixed.
Democrats don't want ACA fixed! They want it to die so they can go to socialized medicine
Now the Rs will proceed to discredit the CBO & its report. Trump is there to destroy the US Gov't through lies & destruction.
More lies from the stupidest in Washington
Republicans know that flesh & blood human beings only matter as products processed to fuel ever increasing corporate greed.

#WEALTHcare!
Thanks! Please highlight that ENTREPRENEURS over 50 on #Healthcare individual market will be devastated by #AgeTax in #GOPCare! #FixTheACA
Other then just fighting it ..What positive help have you given to improve it? ZEROOOOOO #LOSER
Do it @SenSchumer ! :D
CBO has many caveats.  In the meantime, you've been outed for claiming Trump under FBI investigation WHEN YOU KNEW HE WASN'T, jerk.
The CBO score wasn't good on O Care, but excellent on full repeal
Will we be hearing an alternative plan, if not you're just wasting our time
#losers
Give alternatives that would work better to fix ACA. Don't just gripe. People want solutions from Dems. We all know how to complain already.
I await the return of sprinkler-face.
What, just because its gonna kill more than 18k people in its first year?  Is that a problem?
Well at least the Dems will control the House and Senate in 18 months if this passes.
Yeah just like they gained 4 seats this past week. Dream on snowflake
Koch making last minute deals. they are the $$force: https://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2017/06/26/us/ap-us-koch-donors.html … @SenateDems hold the line!
Y'all better come back and run on single payer. 

- A constituent
Because that VA is working so well?
No I won't.
Clearly Obamacare is failing so why are you not coming up a plan? Resistance is NOT your job - Solutions are. Time to put up or shut up.
So R ya'll gonna talk about 28 million #uninsured #Americans in 2016? #Insurance does not= #healthcare
How bout that court ruling today? 
Loved it!!!!!
You mean the never right always wrong CBO? Ya know the ones that said obamacare would pay for itself?
Let the tears flow
Oh goody!
Dems have to fight and inspire people..we need the enthusiasm that brought about the women's march...Dems need to unite on KEY issues
Oh right, get out the pussy hats, vagina suits, Hollywood threatening to blow up the WH, and violent destructive protesters! U gained a lot!
Beside Tweeting junk what exactly do you do?
Thank you @SenateDems for standing up for the millions!!
We won't listen to you chuckles, already know what your gonna say. Bla bla bla
Hey Schumer let's talk about what Grassley said about you. Lets here what you have to say
CBO says rates will drop by 30%.

Why did you need Medicaid if you had Obamacare?

Why do you need Medicaid if you have AHCA?
Says Chuck, picture of Chuck, but we know it ain't you Chuck! We are all praying for you guys.
Stay focused!!
Are u gonna cry for us again?  Fu#king fa&got.
Talk about the fact the GOP not wanting to fix the current bill!
There's no way to fix the present bill. Only Band-Aids in the form of trillions of dollars over your lifetime
The dnc run cbo u hack
𝙈𝙀𝘿𝙄𝘾𝘼𝙍𝙀 𝙁𝙊𝙍 𝘼𝙇𝙇.
The GOP healthcare bill
Oops more money in senate bill than ever was under obamacare. Lib lies again
Yeah for the rich! Come man,  I truly don't believe trump when he calls the republicans dumb! Think
How exactly for the rich? How exactly do all the poor ppl make the rich richer?
Read the bill or are you just listening to the rhetoric from Mitch?
Sorry have the bill dl and have read it. It sucks it's obamacare 2.0 period I don't kow what all u libs r complain for u get more money
Not based on your spelling! Bye
Yep another lib troll done. I love it. Can't debate so ya become grammar cops. Buh bye looooooooser
I will be watching and backing you guys
Give em hell.
Maybe he should cry his crocodile tears! That always amuses us!! Bahahahaha
