Since when did you become concerned with the deficit Chuck?  Since your political obstructionist agenda said it was time to worry about it?
He is concerned with the bottom 99% which i am sure your apart of, why r u opposed to no tax breaks for the top 1%
Democrats are stupid. They just want to redistribute wealth. GOP believes in equal taxation
The poor already pay no taxes. You want a 10% flat rate? Good luck getting it from them. Then what? Throw them in jail?
Your a Democrat?
I voted for Kasich
At least Kasich is a moderate who understands all sides and was most qualified option for a stable presidency.
Kasich is weak. Just like you. That's why you like him. You like people just like you. People who wear vaginas on their head and protest
Reduce taxes for cooperate America Chuck, so they will create jobs. People want jobs not handouts.. Dems offer handouts last 8 yrs.  Change
Trickle down economics hasn't worked since Reagan era. More tax breaks just puts more money in their pockets, not ours!
The last 8yrs corps have fled this country.. didn't start there.. but accelerated.. right now co's are bldng & invstng in US. Smtng working
Really? Tell Ford that, moving to China. 1000 Carrier jobs Trump "saved" 400 laid off. Boeing laying off 600 by fall. Coal plants closing!
Oooops again Democrats policies not changed yet. In other words.still not trumps fault. Lol
LOL! So when Trump announced he saved all those jobs at Carrier & Boeing it WAS his policy, now that it's falling through, it's Obama's?
How about a 99% tax rate for all income over $1MM
Are you unaware that millionaires already pay 90% of all tax?? Why punish people who work hardest just to benefit the guy who doesn't works
Because they acquired their money by exploiting the rest of society
How do you figure when there are nearly 2000 new millionaires each day? They can't all be exploiting society by simply be successful..
How are they making their money? Is there any labor involved? If so there is likely an element of labor exploitation.
Even if no labor, our current economy is designed to redistribute wealth to the upper classes.
As far as our economy being "designed" for the upperclass is idiotic. If anything, theres legislation that benefits wealthy not design tho..
our regulatory system was written/"designed" by lobbyists representing major corporations and wealthy individuals.
Cut, don't cut the top 1% not as important as removing the loopholes.
NO TAX CUTS/BENEFITS TO 5%ers! NONE.
Democrats care so much for the poor that they outsourced millions of hard working Americans futures , insurance, retirements LMAO
That is bull crap... U don't have any ideas except the word NOOOOOOOO

yes you have the top one pc in your pocket and gd knows how much you have stolen so far. So you don't care.
The issue Fake Tears Chuck is that the whole Dem party are crooks and used to using politics for their personal benefits.#Killary#Waters etc
I am with you!
What, like u, Killary, Obufus, Lynch, Waters, Sorros, Sharpton....you hypocrite, u may fool some, but not all !!
You are the top 1%.  How is it you're getting richer off taxpayer money?
Then you must be ready to slash entitlements, Chuck. Pick one. There are thousands.
What can be done for housing for the disabled?
I thought Trump said he fixed the economy and jobs were all coming back, why do we need tax breaks for the rich?
Who said they were even getting tax breaks? You know people that are rich provide America with millions of jobs right?
ALL programs need to be deficit neutral.
Aren't you in the 1%? LOL!
Yes, tax reform, but flat tax is needed to be fair.
Boooooo hoodoo chuckles
I am middle class, single and do not have any children.  I pay more taxes than most married couples with kids!
Sounds like you don't like people who are in the top 1%. They deserve a tax cut. They've been paying MORE than their fair share since 1913.
You're full of it. Your base is the top 1%. They're trying to silence conservatives. They're trying to erase 1A. We're following the money.
Will you really allow Trump to shut down the government to build the wall?
Just like the "Affordable Care Act"?  Oh wait those on Medicaid will lose their coverage unless there is more funds allocated to prop it up!
I live in Kansas and the great Republican tax policy has destroyed our state. Google it. The Koch Brothers will ruin the USA
destroyed it?
Just like Obama's was neutral! Schumer, Obama DOUBLED our deficit! Why not speak up then?
Which Obama tax *cut* are you referring to ?
Yeah, u did a great job the past 8 years with a Democratic President & the first 2 years with an all Democratic house&senate. Ur full of it!
We WON'T let'em run over the majority of the good ppl in the USA! Screw the wealthy! Tax folks fairly or we will replace everyone!
Jim  is there a law that these huge "national sales tax" of 30-90%  can't read the fine print?  Seriously.  https://fairtaxgoofy.blogspot.com/ 
Because if they ONLY taxed personal retail sales, rate would need to be 89%.
They add trillions of other taxes on don't tell suckers.
Look I can't do much more for you.

Maybe you mom can read you the fine print slowly?  No offense. Not your fault.
People should be treated EQUALLY by the govt, that includes the tax system. Rich should not be punished for being rich...FLAT tax.
RT
Chuck Schumer now u talking my talk y'all stand firm don't give trump not even a penny
He does that it's just hurting the American people and that's all the dems get done is hurt the American people
When Obama & Dems try to help the American ppl Mitch & GOP fight them yes DEM do the same thing don't give trump a win they didn't give y'al
But obama wasn't trying to help America he was trying to hurt it that's why most of his shit was shady dealings like giving Iran money etc
That some serious fantasies you've got going there. Obama was one of the best presidents we've ever had.
And you say I have he fantasy going on lmao your the one that's brainwashed of you think he was one of the best presidents we've ever had
Thank you! If liking a richblack, Harvard educated Constitutional lawyer as President, why then bring on the brainwashing!
Stay strong.
We are the.majority GOPTP get nothing
So you're not interested in bringing back $2 Trillion to the USA? @TheDemocrats are just Greedy Socialists!
The people that bought you need a break too
That's a great way to choke investment.
Absolutely!
"Deficit neutral"are u kidding Chuck what do you Dems know about a budget?You didn't pass a budget for practically7yrs Now it's a problem?!

. . . and Chuckie Schumer, never one to miss an opportunity to divide, can't see the forest for the trees.
Do ur job and help reduce our taxes and work to tax reform!
U screwed this country for 8 years NOW u want another try???  No way chuckie
What's this: your new excuse to continue to screw over the working people of America. Federal revenues are at record highs!! stop spending!
Assuming that's the case, what should tax reform accomplish?
#UniteBlue
Funny, considering they contribute most to the economy in many ways. Still dividing and conquering, eh Chuck?
How do you propose cutting income taxes for 48% of ppl that do not pay income taxes? Cut subsidies, vote 4 Flat or Fair tax only.
Cost is what goes out of the coffers, not what goes in. Tax cuts cost the govt zero dollars because it isn't the govt's to begin with.
That's rich coming from the CongRAT that added $10T to our debt! Being a #Moron is NOT an excuse! You didnt give 2abt deficit 4 last 8yrs!
Nice words. But informed, principled progressives are watching. Same with attempts to "stabilize" markets with public funds.
Deficit neutral you got to be kidding Chucky!!!! That statement coming from a demi!!! You Crack me up chuck
You know who needs tax relief?  Self-employed people.  I get to keep only ~40% of what I earn after fed tax, doc sec, M’care and state tax
SENATOR SCHUMER:  Thank you for holding the line! We've got to stop the growing "unequal distribution of current income!" It's killing us.
Speaker of the House sees himself as a future "LORD OF THE MANOR" WITH WORKING PEOPLE AS SERFS who are tied to the land and can't move.
Sadly, many working people do not quite understand how the VERY WEALTHY manage to do this. If we don't stop it, the economy could collapse.
Repeal and replace Obama care!
& not 1 penny of taxpayer $ go to any illegals & any other unlawful BS program u push!!
# deplorable
I use to be a democrat, but a got a better deal.
Must give breaks to companies so they can expand and offer jobs.
AGREED!
Is there any rule of law anymore?
This is short and simple. Anyone got a problem with it?
We want Trump the treasonous traitor out, as of now that's all we care about, got it.
Potus was elected in part ,due to his tax stragedy , you were not !
Thank You ! From those of us Who can SEE WHAT A SHAM they are trying to pull on the American ppl! 
#notonepenny

Please wake up people! Democrats corrupt Government will never have Ur best interest in their hands.Only their pockets, Killing Amer. Daily
But Trillions supplied Isis,Iran, Kenya. Nancy, Maxine, chuck million dollar homes,cars, street hookers. You have Blood on ur hands! Killer
Idiotic
Why are you supporting the GOP agenda by supporting any tax "reform" at all?
Republicans would prefer a reverse Robin Hood...
How much information did you allow the Awan Spy Ring to steal from our great country
Chuck explain why you gladly accept $$ from the top 1%, then bash them. You're a 2 face POS! Where's the investigation of you!
But $1.7 billion to Iran is ok? Billions to mass refugee migration is ok? Schumy the clown, you are not fit for the senate or any leadership
"LIAR" @TheDemocrats answer to everything is to tax and spend "MORE" Deficit Neutral My Ass!!
The Democrats are the creators of "trickle down poverty."
Your party added 10 Trillion to the debt in 8 years!! You have ZERO credibility. #TrumpEraMAGA
Thanks for supporting #NotOnePenny Chuck!
You are so .....not enough adjectives
Here is some more money take away tax exempt from the NFL and charge an entertainment tax to all pro sports and movie stars
Shut up chattering mass astroturf You #FascistDems are out of power & soon your cohorts in crime get frogmarched to prison
2018 tsunami 
Seriously, you think we care about the top 1%? Dems pardon them and they all donate to your party. How are those donations going anyway?
#Resistance
What? 22 trillion is just to much dept
How deficit neutral are NAZI Democrat policies senator Schumer. Aca? Nope. Welfare? NOPE
Corporate taxes to 15% so the money stays here!! not to The Netherlands Po Box firms. lime WalMart does.
Whahahahaha whohohohohho whehehehe says a DemonCrat

Very spupid! If taxes are cut,more jobs more money and,more control over your own life. He wants power,no tax cuts
Let me guess, Mr 1%er.. Like Obamacare, you're all going to exempt yourselves from that reform.
Lol
Translation: I will take my cut and then not one penny more to you.
Yes yes, we all know how much you love your gravy train
Lower rates raises revenue. So it's revenue positive. 

It doesn't go to anyone. They keep more of what they earn. #SchumerSupportsTrump
So obstruct tax reform while Obamcare is imploding and the Dems  have one scandal after another? Will be the end of the party.
All pennies to #illegal #savages . Yeah!
how about reducing your salary and what you take from "K" street!
you know you are an embarrassment to the office you were elected to.
Little Chuckie, how many poor people create jobs? But you have already shown that you have no regard for the American people!
You are stupid beyond words. You supported Obama while he added $9T to the US deficit..but not a penny for hard wrking Americans?
You have never not once been deficit-neutral in your entire life. Oh my God
You r out of your mind ..,ppl work it is their wealth... u want money work for it. U and ur party are just about finished
All people are created with inalienable rights and paying more taxes than the next guy who claims equality for all is unfair.
I'm a public school teacher and I pay $9,000 for my health insurance. How much do you pay Chucking answer $0
You drive out all capital venture money, and then jobs, taxes,
AND THEN WHO PAYS YOUR GRAVY TRAIN?
NO WORKERS, NO TAXES
Hey Chuckie how many tax increases have you supported?
Lol, all of a sudden you guys are fiscally responsible. That's rich.
And the dummies keep voting for them. Year after year, decade after decade. Amazing.
Agreed, but career politicians like Schmucky Schumer thank God everyday for liberal dummies. It has made many of them millionaires.
Reduce corporate taxes and forget about the to 1%. They already pay
but hell, if it's a spending bill, sign away!!! #Hypocrite
Let me get this straight. You suddenly want tax reform. Where were you all these years? Oh Don has a good idea and you jump on the wagon.
@realDonaldTrump has reduced our debt by 100 Billion in his first 7 months. Too bad Congress doesn't work as hard as he does.
Liar Chucky, Fake tears Chucky, No one believes you Chucky Chuck .
It's our money you crook give it back
You're no longer relevant. Didn't you get the memo?  you. That is all.
Why are you destroying our country.    Why are you destroying our history and legacy.    Who votes for you?   Disgusting!
Democrats did not hold Obama to any tax reform restrictions.  
Democrats only increase taxes, never cut them.
You're worried about the deficit now? After you helped run it up $15 trillion and NEVER had a budget under Obama. Hope you're voted out '18
Schumer. You are the 1%. We need to make sure that we work on insider trading as well! @realDonaldTrump
Place the cost of employer paid health ins. onto the gross wages of the wrkrs W-2 form, this will be revenue neutral for wealthy tax cuts
Isn't "%" the same thing as "percent". Oh yeah, and what's with this neutral thing Chucky? Thought dems. Only applied that word to gender?
Do you have a clue?  If so why do you hide it because no one would ever know.
No tax on 401k. Let average Americans keep their retirement.
That's new.
How about a national sales tax, say 0.5 to 1%. No income tax on incomes under $60k.
Not unreasonable Patti -- but Im careful of lying bastards and their flat tax and fair tax fund raising hustles. https://fairtaxgoofy.blogspot.com/ 
Me too
Really you will say anything to get elected
That's great, now what about Dem candidates who are anti-choice? Will the @thedemocrats rile the base once again w/another losing position?
Stankey lying Chuck!  You will vote No on a ham sandwich!  Go be useless somewhere else!
Schumer has never worked outside of government, he knows nothing..think about it, would you hire him..
Schumer you are going down. No msg, no funding, no bench, zero credibility. All you have is hate hoaxes & lies that are being exposed daily
Still playing the same old broken records huh?  So glad that I 'transitioned' to be a republican in 2016!
Up-Chuck Schumer.
..hey Chuck, for you glabalists
If you make over $35,000 a yr. Your part of the 1%..thats a lot of Americans. Do they know that?
 do you really think people are going to fall for your bullshit? What are you doing? Proving you should never be an office again?!
Deficit neutral,you Hypocrite,you didn't worry about deficit when Oboma was in office!!
Gee, Chuckie, with all your years of "public service" in our congress, you would think you would have said so & done something before now.
You mean the pennies the top 1% give you to waste ? @SenSanders
Hate and disruption will get you nowhere, elections are near and relentless obstruction will cost your party
What about considering a "flat tax" again? Everyone would pay the same %.
If you obstruct tax reform like everything else and hurt the American people democrats will pay at the ballot box in 2018
You Senator are a joke. NY should b embarrassed every time u open ur trap. U sux n all of America knows it.
Deficit neutral?? You mean it can't even reduce the deficit? Spoken like a true #Democrat!
Chuck, you are an obstructionist
Crying chuckle. Get off this 1% bullshit. You've been using that tired old excuse for years. Btw it helps more dems than republicans.crybaby
lol..deficit neutral..that is just....rich
And we the people believe that not one cent goes to freeloading parasites who have never worked in their life!
Nothing like getting yourself unelected.
So youd rather not create jobs. Ok just say that you would rather see Americans broken.
DID YOU ACTUALLY READ IT? Can you read? Top 1% is getting SLAMMED THE HARDEST! Quit spreading your lies! Why don't you actually do some work
What do Democrats do?  How long will it take your party to get over the election? Ashamed of DNC history equals all Americans. #MAGA.
Why dont you tell the truth for once in your life you will do or say anything against our POTUS and fill your pockets doing it scum
How many deficit nutural budgets did you and Obama deliver in 8 yrs? You doubled the national debt in 8 yrs.
And the debt doubled under what's his name and you lefty asswipes
so that includes yourself

It's amazing that you have to tell your fellow democrats what to believe!
So basically you want all the money going to this guy because he’s more deserving and a better steward 
You do realize that Corporations are part of that 1% and the ones who create the jobs that grow the economy right? Just stop talking!
Your hypocrisy is amazing, 8 years, you people continued to literally double the deficit and now you demand deficit neutrality?
Whatever.. we'll do what we have to do to get the economy going.. We the People not you the cronies.
Not bitching about North Korea lately
Actually, it should not even b deficit neutral. We have not raised taxes one penny 2 pay 4 last 16 yrs of war. Can't keep adding 2 deficit.
Obama doubled national debt on NOTHING.
YOU pay it. Dems use tax money to fund money laundering schemes back to themselves.
Dems already screwd us with obamacare now they are trying to finish is off with no jobs screw off chuck
