Is Steve Bannon blackmailing the president of the United States of America. By saying if Trump involves himself in stiffer gun laws it over
Bannon is severely mentally ill look at the candidates he's promoting they're out of their minds and they're criminals
Ray Moore is a real scary character. Walking along the stage with a gun? Like who does that? I don't want to see anyone hurt. My God!
He's just like Jeff sessions a mess I hope he doesn't win
It's hard when you can't trust your government, who can you trust? Il
Let them try to hurt any citizen of this country the lawsuits will be like a swarm of wasps
I want my children and grandchildren along with everyone else's to have a conventional  president and government. They are the future.
Why shouldn't women pay for their own birth control?
Why should insurance cover your Viagra? Also, women are often on birth control for medical reasons.
If someone needs birth control for medical reasons that's difference than just not wanting to get pregnant.
Really??? So if you get a flu shot because you “don’t want to get the flu” should you pay for it?
Crickets.....crickets......crickets......
Yes. I should pay for flu shot and Viagra.  How about some personal responsibility. I am tired of freebies for all.
So what do you think we all should be responsible for? Birth control, flu shots, Viagra. Anything else?
Birth control is not a necessity to healthcare. It is an added benefit. Birth control does not stop you from getting sick.
Hey Junior after you reach puberty you'll be able to understand how birth-control is often used for medical reasons outside of birth control
In my statement I said that it is an added benefit thus I understand the medical implications. But, is it considered a necessity? 1/2
Yes, it's a necessity!  Please take several seats!
If it can be proven that it is a necessity for purposes of health outside of a contraceptive (companies religious purposes) then it should..
be included. The action by the White House is not to eliminate access to it but to allow your employer to chose. The main principle....
My employer, in no way, has any right to make any personal decision in my life. none
No they don't but if they are helping to pay for your health insurance then in that area they somewhat do. They have all the right to choose
Chuck who is the other NY senator U know you cannot take on all dtrump's issue's..(it will take a FULL YR. to address 2 wrong issues')
Thank you Senator Schumer for trusting women & resisting Trump.
Mr schumer do ur job and help potus get his agenda passed
Lol, really? That's what Obamacare has been doing for all of us for years now. Perhaps if you were a participant you would know that.
Backwards on climate change, women's health, environment, diversity. ENOUGH of this admin.
Amen!
- Why should the boss or my tax $ pay for her birth control that you disguise with the word health care
Because easy access to bc reduces unwanted pregnancies and abortions which costs taxpayers a lot more $$.
No Chuck, you and Nancy are two of our biggest problems.  You and people such as you will go down in history as soar losers
I want to know why some companies will now be allowed to force their religious beliefs on women by saying what Rx are allowed b/c of them.
Every single thing Trump does damages the American people.When will this carnage of our rights as Americans end? Help!
- When you move to Canada
We know now please do something
Keep on moving forward Sen. Schumer!
You sir & your cronies are what's holding back progress on healthcare. YOU KNOW that the ACA is failing & you can't get out of your own way.
@NYGovCuomo and the NY Congress can pass a law forcing insurance companies to maintain this provision.
True for New Yorkers as should be.
Don't you think it's a distraction from what he's really concerned with this weekend? #MuellersGotTheGoods
Absolutely!
We have been going backwards since January 21 2017
Amen!
They want to force us to have babies but then not give us prenatal care or help those babies once they're born. Zero logic. ZERO.
America is so far backwards from other countries it should be embarrassed.
Funny how everyone wants to be us though isn’t it. They are actually dying to get here!
Not so much anymore.
Really killing babies is health care?
Chuckie why are you lying AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!  You know that 99% of woman will not lose their birth control. liar!!!
On everything good for anyone except whealthy white males of a certain age. Dinosaurs in the GOP , not about faith but power over women.
Obama drug race relation back to the sixties with his race baiting bigotry.  Been that is what the DNC depends on.
No payments for Viagra! No payments for Viagra! No payments for Viagra!
Most conservative ideas are about going backwards.  They seem to be afraid of progress.  Yet they love their iphones. Go figure.
What Conservatives want is Liberals to quit thinking Government is ur answer to all your woes! We believe in self responsibility.
EVERYTHING about Dump and his cronies drags us backward! He's a Neanderthal without a conscience, integrity,honesty, empathy,morals!!!
Isn't there anything that Congress can do to stop this madness?
If only congress had a spine & if only congress wasn’t 4 sale 2 highest bidder! If only congress represented us instead of party!
Because conservatives want women barefoot and pregnant with no options, the difference now is aid will be cut also.
Why should we pay for a stranger to have an abortion? I want a new car will you buy me one?
True!
If you need birth control for reason's other than pregnancy,  I'm sure insurance will cover
Some women use birth control for medical purposes!!! Get a clue!! I'm sick over this!
Is bet not one of those men can describe a woman's reproductive organs , just that alone should exempt them from speaking about it!
Get out of your gated communities and #rich wives and see what #realWomen go through!
I can name the parts, and how they taste too. What's wrong with employers having a choice? Too many handouts in today's world
Vag, clit, uterus, cervix, labia (both minor and majora). Mons.  Yummy. Mons. mmm. The smells too.  Dont get me started
Trump & his crew belong 2 the club of Satan. When will Trump b removed from office why R you not starting the process. Time 4 action.
Explain your statement. How is Trump Satan? Schumer yes. POTUS no! How is controlling government protecting your rights and working Satanic?
Potus has 5 children by 3 different women. Birth control doesn't seem high on his list...
That was a unitellectual comment.
Because???
Work with me here. You are making my point.
I stated a fact...
That does not mean your comment had any intelletual forethought. I get it! You don’t like Trump and everything that happens is his fault!
5 children. 3 different women. No birth control. And no. Everything is Obama's fault, the media's fault, alien's fault...etc.
Bless your heart.
No we haven't. GOP is throwing us back into the 50's. No rights for LGBTQ. No birth control. No h/c. Tax cuts for the wealthy. No Medicaid!
No Child care with CHIP program. No abortion. No maternity leave...Welcome back to 1950
Everything he, and the #GOP, does is going backwards!
Interesting women want to be in control yet want government to pay for their b-control instead of taking responsibility for it themselves.
This is about insur having those meds (not always about b control) available through her plan. Women still paying for insurance. Not govt.
B-control is  inexpensive. And NOTHING is “free”. Why should women have right to ask those based on religious belief pay? See irony?
Please do not work with the sociopath that is ruining our country. Stand up and dont back down. He is a Hitler in the making.
Really you worried about women...Chuck and Harvey birds of a feather.
Isn't this same old argument (lie) getting old. It isn't working, Schmuckie.
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled don't care American families
I wonder if CHUCK,  @BarackObama or @HillaryClinton  heard about WEINSTEIN???
Why should taxpayers be responsible for women sex life do we buy condoms for men? You are a jerk chuck people should learn responsibility for actions! Trump needs to suck you down the drain. You love spending taxpayers money for this crap and illegals! Stop wasteful spending
Speaking about women...do you have anything to say regarding your financial + social relationship with @HarveyWeinstein?
Senator Schumer with all due respect sire your the one whom paved the outline to make this legally possible when you created the RFRA 1993
If you're not breaking God's commandment and having sex outside of marriage There is very little need for birth control Sin causes judgement
Please! Women can get health care and birth control at pharmacies now any urgent care or clinic...it’s really no issue  #dontbepartisan
Some of us aren't even offered health care!!! At least they are covered for real medical emergencies, they can buy their own condoms!!
There are political cartoons all over the world about that very theme. Everyone seems to be shacking there head in disbelief.
......didn't use them? and now his base women will have to pay for them?  There is no win with his base of women, with mad act.
Neanderthal, Donald couldn't give a damn about birth control pills. his family is on them. Must have thought his base women.....
WRONG....the only thing that is backwards, is YOU Chuck. Stop standing in the way of much needed reform. We are drowning in high premiums.
He’s not standing in between a woman and her Healthcare! Actually he’s not stopping them from buying their own BC!
I won't describe the type of person though... Definitely not one that reads and researches on their own.
He doesn't even care! He just is desperate for votes and these are votes that he can get, because people vote based on this alone!
If we all get down on one knee in front of the White House, will he leave?
And we are not going backward. Just saying who is responsible for paying.
Or women can pay for it as everything in a non socialist country is not free
Quit killing babies and i would listen. 500,000 babies killed every year. Don’t hear you stopping that!!  Hypocritical politics.
too many people on this planet already. Kill more babies if anything.
If almost the whole country agrees that he's dragging us backwards, and into a probable war, why is all of Washington DC allowing this to continue?!
@realDonaldTrump
I'm not a fan of yours but have to agree...

And we have long turned the page when a woman can afford to pay for her own birth control! Why do tax payers have to pay 
Crying Chuck your a joke
Your a dud!!
Trump's Sucking rights away from all but the  wealthiest citizens.

Soon i die on the streets of NYC

Impeach Corrupt Profeteering Trump
we are not wanting to pay for others birth control they can pay for it like we all did when we where young.Nothing to do with healthcare
Says ye, ole'faithful one who receives/gives a boatload of support from/to #PlannedParenthood. 'Do not be deceived: God cannot be mocked. A man reaps what he sows.' And so will a nation that kills its unborn.
No nit wit taxpayers won't fund this It's violating constitutional rights to force someone to fund murderi of babies That's your game phony
Dragging people down is your forte, you don’t fool all of us, ur voters will be reminded when it is time Communist!
We shouldn't spend our hard earned money buying things we hate and against our beliefs, morals, and ethics.
Birth control pills is NOT healthcare.
1 million babies murdered in 2016 by abortions. Planned parenthood is deep in pockets.  Personal choices come with personal responsibility.
No where in our constitution support forcing tax payers to fund others choices. You want to play then you should pay.
Isn't this a free market choice for employees to seek compensation elsewhere, or pay for these option at their own expense...
Libs r once again telling everyone to pay for benefits that a few demand, even though those benefits don't benefit everyone!
What the hell is wrong with people having to buy there own condoms or birth control pills ? Who says it is free anyway
Quit murdering babies, you asshole!
The Democrats are in MY way of MANAGING MY HEALTHCARE! I’m a woman. You are not!!!
He must have loved the 1950s.   Let's tell people cigarettes are good for them too.
Dems are only out for themselves and people not willing to carry their own weight in life
Chuck Schumer you don't work for the people you work against them you don't speak for me I'm a dem who voted Trump
Charles. Can we get the same health care you have. Should be able to vote on that since you all got together so you wouldn't have to use OBC
Yes but you still write bills that dismiss workers that get injured on the job
White suprematist male chauvinists elected dotard-in-chief to oppress anyone doesn’t look like them
If you don't want employers making health coverage decisions then get them out of the health insurance equation.
Most of his decisions are based solely on the fact that the were initiated by Pres. Obama.
How
Everything he does drags us back to the 50's...
Obama provided a mechanism for BC coverage that worked perfectly.  Why do we allow Trump to wreck our healthcare?
Better back than down like you.
Chuck YOUR base is drowning in healthcare fees. DEMS MADE THIS & U do NOTHING? @realDonaldTrump
I can't believe the crap that comes out of @SenSchumer 's mouth. Shouldn't birth control be a personal responsibility. @SenSchumer overreach
I agree I pay for mine $10 isn't that much and I've paid for it on minimum wage cheaper than a kid for 18 years
Everything he does is dragging us backwards
No the President absolutely positively hates women right a long with the gop it's like why don't they just euthanize us
Absolutely you've to understand  trump is someone u can't trust he comes2u&acts like u cab then puts a knife in your back
Trump is not taking away anyone's "Right" to BC, he is just saying others should not be forced to pay for it.  If they cannot afford their own BC, maybe they should stay dressed until they can.
I pay for mine  Keep  their legs crossed then
What are you Senators doing about stopping Trump from goading KJU into Striking US? Do you guys plan to wait until it is too late?
Is it really shocking coming from @realDonaldTrump?  He believes he gets to stand between a woman and her panties without her permission too
It's funny how these baby-killing, liberal loony lefts are so pro-abortion after being born. Chucky, I'm looking at you. If only, only....
Saul Alinsky: "Control healthcare and you control the people. HEALTHCARE IS NOT A RIGHT
It is a service
BO socialized it for CONTROL
This is unconstitutional!
Right now, everything our generation achieved is being reversed.  I expect better of my country, and its citizens.
Where are the bosses who don't want to subsidize free boner pills for their employees?
Mr. S...if Obamacare is so good, why did congress make themselves exempt from it?
The global desecration of women & all our children is on all of you as you continue - on both sides - to worship false gods.
.
He’s senile. He wasn’t any smarter in his younger years but he’s gotten worse with age. He’s just a outright narcissistic idiot now.
Amen!
Supposed potus besides being intellectually challenged is living in alternate universe trapped in civil war era.  Throw the bum out!
Chuckie, women and men should learn to keep their privates private.
The Little Sisters of the Poor will be forever greatful that they can still get abortions! Thanks Chuck
I got birth control when I was 18 no insurance and made minimum wage
So quit with the "witty" anecdotes and get behind Medicare for all. Time to walk your talk Schumer!
Trumppence dragging us back to 1952.
OBVIOUSLY, we have not turned a page. How is providing birth control any different than any other preventative medication covered by ins.?
Oh give it up Chuck! I worked in HR for yrs in N.Y. You did what the boss said 2 make a profit. I lost all respect 4 u when u backed Hillary
its actually you dragging the US backwards with your political games.
No it does not- my healthcare is my problem, my choices are only mine - Fovernment needs to stop infiltration into women's care
Government not fov
Why aren't more Dems talking about how they are going to stop Trump? When our legislative leaders complain, it makes us voters feel helpless
Yes he does every day he is in office. When will we be rid of this curse on our existence?
So stop him!
God help this country
No chuck it's you dragging us the American people.what Health care do you have not Obama Care.all you long term Dems are Elite's 
@potus' decisions are dragging the U.S. backward and downward!
Mr. Schumer if they are going to take contraceptives away from women, then they should take Viagra away from men! Mahalo for your work
This is what a twenty first female is about D idea that everyone is equal !we are more free “As usual there’s a great woman behind a idiot”
But back we go
Weinstein.Are you crying for the way that he treated women? Or just counting the Dirty $$he donated to the DemocRat Party?You LibsRPathetic!
We need to go backward.  The #American people have had all of the #Progression that we can stand.
Maybe you could call Putin and convince him to undo Trump.
Good remark. I see this decision as a violation of my right to work, and as a First Amendment violation. Thanks!
Chuck do you honestly think that fetid asshole trump cares about any of this?
And in your long career on the public dole you've done what to move the US forward ? Btw if ACA is so GREAT why aren't U using it ???
4 life of child born with disabilities from unintended pregnancy of woman going thru menopause without both control?
Will boss pay 4 treatments/rehabilitation/special education/durable medical equipment/accessible housing transportation .....  3/
Will boss pay 4 hysterectomy/undue pain due 2 complications bc pills treat? 2/
Religious freedom goes many ways. Will boss paid 4 healthcare/education/food/housing of child if one has unintended pregnancy? 1/
Stop socialism  Stop Schumer
I've yet to see a decision of his that DOESN'T drag us backwards, Chuck.
Old white men in suits.  Why do they determine what's best for women??
Chuck. Let her buy her own godamn pills. 9$/month
You and the Democrats are so ignorant I can't believe you get paid to do a job come out from underneath that Obama Legacy you're hiding unde
Chuck Schumer is such a liar and preys on people that only watch MSM that do not know any better .
it's sexes.
This is why we need Medicare4All. Get private insurance companies out of healthcare.
Who’s paying for that brainO?
When are some men going to understand that birth control is used for different medical reasons. And stay the f**k out of women's rights!! 
SO, now the GOVERNMENT does it (for ALL of us, by the way). WHAT"S THE DIFFERENCE, Chuck??
Why shouldn't my wife be allowed birth control?  Who cares if it's covered under insurance? I pay my premiums!!
We expect anything from him..I really think he's so stupid he has no idea what the hell he's doing.Can you please find a way to end this??
Most Libs call it a baby if they want it. Call it a fetus if they want to abort it. How have women stooped so low. Fiddlesticks about health
You mean mass murder by abortion of tiny infants. That’s actually worse than what happened in Las Vegas but libs don’t understand that #MAGA
ANOTHER @potus decision does this.  Stop standing idly by
So Chuck, whadyasay when trumpster called about Obamacare? You better git in there cuz he's makin changes to care effective immediately
Every single thing he does drags us backwards
They're using #handmaidstale as a blueprint for their MAGA. #MAGAMyAss
Rise up women!!
They will have to drag us kicking & screaming.
He's a narcissist don't you get it he only cares of himself and destroying all that was Obama ! His alt right backers and Putin drive him on
Like so many of your progressive bullshit plans have. Be honest. Or stfu
Everything 45 does drags us back to the 50s, which is when he would not rent to blacks or Puerto Ricans in New York and still won't, pitiful
@realDonaldTrump wants to take us backwards. What about all the money the military spends on Viagra?
Every day, @POTUS’ decisions drags the US backwards. Every. Damn. Day.
Go back to sleep
Let her pay for her own birth control. Sho pays for condoms?
Disgusting! With men responsible for preg prevention we will have more babies with$$ taken away from programs to support!!
Please DO something!  Words are only words
So what your saying is, take ones freedom to help someone else?
Apparently not!
