Trump administration planning sharp cuts in programs promoting health care enrollment under the Affordable Care Act. http://apne.ws/nI80SJH 
If the program was any good, money would not have to be spent to convince people to buy it. Obamacare is a sham; you're a sham.
Wrong...it is because Health Care should NOT be for profit.  Repubs only care about money, not people or doing the right thing. Research it
Educating a doctor costs more than 1/2 million. Who pays that? Nothing is free, they need to get paid, or should they be our slaves?
Educating the public is even more critical. Example=your comments. Every rich industrialized nation in the world has universal healthcare
And many send their sickest to us for our superior medical care.
They sure do. My brother n law lived in Canada. When diagnosed w cancer, he couldn't get the help he needed w their system. He came 2 the US
More scare tactics? any system is not perfect -good friend lived in France for years and was simply AMAZED=no insurance card...great service
Yeah, keep thinking that way. Universal health insurance is only good if you're not sick. But God forbid you take ill.
As a progressive, I feel the way all Americans from both sides feel. Senate should have the same healthcare as the rest of us.
If it works for us it works for "them". If it doesn't, they should know it. "They" are not "us". They don't want to share our experiences.
Republicans have been sabotaging the ACA from the moment that legislation passed.
The health insurance sucked and why should Republicans fix Obama's bullshit
Single payer for everyone
move to a socialist country if you want socialist policies...
move to Russia if you think Americans have to go bk if they are sick or go on welfare.
@SenatorDurbin took $42K from Blue Cross, I doubt he took it or they gave it to keep Health Insurance rates low and reasonable.
No Chuck,. It's YOUR fault for being an obstructionist.  Good luck with a re-election.
A loud minority of Americans will only listen to what the far right tells them.  Remember all those tweets about Obama "ignoring" Katrina?
Yep, a few days later when he was still Senator, he joined President Clinton & President HW Bush & went to the Superdome
POTUS is supposed to defend the laws of the land. Obamacare IS the law of the land. How can it be legal for him to strip funding?
passed by degnerate socialists,  as health care, relality a tax increase bill,they had to pass it to see what was in it & still don't know.
You for giving us a fucked up broken healthcare system called Obamacare care? Own that shit Schumer!
What a peice of  insurers have been leaving obama care and premiums rising well before trump became president
Wish I shared your conviction that our ppl would know who to blame. 2 many have heard lies for 8 yrs and will still Blame BO and Ds. SAD!

Exactly
You offer the weakest opposition in the history of this nation. When you dealing with a bully meet him on the half be a bully to
You already sabotaged the health care system. Deliberately too. It's a mess. Care to comment on the debt and loss of coverages?
It would be delightful to see the private sector or democrats pick up the slack to do a better job & get enrollment where it needs to be.
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @FoxNews @PRyan @GOP DJT & Republicans are doing everything they can to destroy ACA & blame them when crashes
But remember, Congress will keep ACA & not go on any Plan they provide. Why is that I wonder?
I blame you Schumer! Obamacare was built on lies and deceit. It was a destructive policy that cost over 4 times what Obama said and the costs skyrocketed from there. Where is the success? President Trump is doing the right thing by dismantling Obama's study in failure.
It's too bad these acts couldn't fall under Obstruction of Justice.
He's doing this so that he can try to say the ACA failed when he's causing it to happen. Disgraceful and inhuman behavior. Hurting people!
huh?  obozocare was failing long before Trump took office...and obozocare IS disgraceful and hurts people...
Yes we do. The social democrats
You are aware that happened before Trump was elected, right? It may have been one of the key points for him winning too
Oh my gosh Schumer, Trump isn't sabotaging your healthcare, Dems did that themselves. You keep proving what liars you really are.
How do we help people know ?
You need to LISTEN. We Democrats will lose if you do not HEAR valid complaints about price gouging, inadequate benefits. Heartbreaking.
I've been telling my friends that since Dumbass took office. He's deliberately killing the ACA so he can get his name on it. #Dumbasscare
Actually, I worry that they won't.
Just dirty
If you are really concerned, start helping. Currently you are the problem.
Could the DNC fundraiser and help pay for its promotion and save ACA?
ITS YOUR PUPPY YOU LYING CORRUPT DINOSAUR.TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR FAILURES AND SOMEONE MIGHT TRUST YOU.BUT I DOUBT IT.
This is laughable.  You would love to blame the President for your mess.  Obamacare is all Democratic.
Nice try Chuck! Keep believing that  & obstructing. Not working OBAMA CARE Chuck no one believed different & ur  letting it fail 4 politics
So Dems should start taking out ads themselves !
They aint going to pay for ads, that would take money they use to line their pockets
Chuck! Get your head out of the sand. You Dims created this mess, not Trump. You fix it if you can. Whiny much?
DT and GOP are so vindictive they are willing to let US citizens suffer in order to destroy anything of past Admin. Shame on them!
Liberals are vindictive this health care has me working 2jobs just to pay premiums, my kids are suffering because of BO & Dems
The Democrats deliberately sabotaged the healthcare system with the ACA to collapse the system in a manner which single pay was only option.
Agreed
Why have the resources shrunk & the rates gone up prior to this @POTUS  admin. Who do we blame for that? LORDY! #Shifty
What good will blame do? He will eventually be a private citizen who is still rich. He needs to be #impeached.
I support #Trump & @SecPriceMD decision.
You Demoncrats are sabotaging our justice system so STFU and sit down. The American people are leaving your party in droves because of it.
if its so good why are you getting subsidies ? and a different program than the American people are stuck with you libs destroyed healthcare
Yes the democrats for shoving Obamacare on the people
NO YOU SABOTAGED IT WITH OBAMADOESNTCARE YOU AND THE CROOKED DEMS ARE TO BLAME
Yeah right, Chuck. Our President is DELIBERATELY sabotaging the American ppl. You're Trump bashing is so petty & is dividing USA. Shameful!
You dishonest lying low life Clone of Reid
This was a scam from the start that you created and forced on the American people. You are lying.
We know exactly who to blame. Every single democrat who voted for Obamacare! Including you!
You're right Chuckles, we will know exactly who is to blame; Obama and the Democrats who saddled us with that abomination.
No they won't.
Where are you sir? I have not seen your face in weeks. We need leadership. It's time to offer kitchen table solutions, 45 is a waste of air.
I am looking right at him!
Think so? Think again. Dems have done such a crappy job of countering GOP narrative of ACA imploding w/facts about sabotage. Step it up.
Are you going to cry?
Is that all you care about? Not people who will die?
We already blamed Obama.
He's  DELIBERATING sabotaging America 
One saving grace - thanks to #trump more people know more about their #Healthcare now & a lot of them are willing to fight to keep it.
morons maybe....
How so? By not throwing taxpayer money at the abomination created by Democrats.  If it's not viable it needs to b replaced or repealed.
Well chuck how about working with republicans on this issue not always fighting & condemning them you bo work for all Americans
As opposed to plans pulling put of states, insured dropped and costs rising the last 5 years? "If you like your Dr - you can keep your dr"
Illegal.Duty of office-carry out legislation;responsible 2 ensure ALL laws are "faithfully executed" ACA=LAW. Sabotage is duty/oath betrayal
Funny seeing as how nobody was screaming betrayal when Obama created DACA in spite of existing immigration law that he was required to
Is funny.DACA Consideration of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals-application/process;unconstitutional law-obvious;drugs-fed law intact
Federal drug law would only be intact if it was being enforced or if the law had changed. Marijuana hasn't been taken off the list and the
As you stated Fed law did not change therefore intact.States independently voted-agree/disagree-ballot/vote/law Debate is encroach/enforce
Intact is a nice way to describe it without a knowing different presidents directing government agency's to not enforce laws. Whether it be
Gun, drug, tax or immigration.... And states choosing to violate federal laws like drug enforcement doesn't magically make it legal to sell
Marijuana. In fact it's asinine for states to legalize something when they didn't bother finding an avenue to overturn a Constitutional
Chuckie seems @SenateDems and @BarackObama sabotaged the HC system with the failure @Obamacare
There comes a time to quit crying about it Schumer and do something protest stand-up go out on the steps let your voice be heard!!
people all of congress own stock,shares &companies in the medical,  pharma & insurance industries ,& they get millions from their lobbyist
Chuck do me a favor -  Go look in a mirror and say this again. You'll see who's to blame!! You lie.
Blame ObamaCare!!
@ChuckGrassley attacks 
Comey & FusionGPS 
but Don Jr can testify behind closed doors 
TRUMP CALLS & SAYS HE'S PRO-ETHANOL
QUID PRO QUO?
Bipartisanship above justice. Remember that and you're halfway there
Our healthcare system was designed to fail, Chuck.Once it did, it would make way for single payer. A move right out of Alinskys playbook.#NO
Nice one to Chucky....
Class action lawsuit anyone?!! I'm in!!!
Well - the Dems are not doing much more than NOTHING to stop the #InsaneCheato
Good old Trump & GOP...lie, cheat & steal to get their way. Zero integrity & infinite hypocrisy.
Careful your food stamps and Obama phone may be next
True Christians love all of their neighbors, lift each other up. GOP is about suppression & enriching the rich. GOP = Party of hypocrisy.
The Democrats use and abuse the poor and make them dependent on them. They do nothing to enrich the poor people they keep them in poverty.
Yep, already know, my health insurance cost went up, and then no one would take it.Then they wanted to penalize me on my taxes. In 2016.
Hey @SenSchumer - my family's premiums TRIPLED once ACA went into effect + I lost my Dr too! Costs rose immed for us-catastrophic! #ACASucks
well then nit having coverage would be good for you.  Private insurance went up more.
Chuck @SenGillibrand is up in 2018 so maybe she'll be honest?, Failed #ObamaCare Created By #Dems + Would Not Help Fix: #NYsen #Women #NYC
so you dont want coverage?
Pivot and deflect Chucky
Stop jawboning Do something productive. Give up Senate/Congress exemption to ACA .(OPM rule 78 Fed. Reg. 60653-01) & fix it CC  @POTUS
Healthcare was sabotaged with 0bamacare.
Subsidies for health care bad.  Subsidies to live in a flood plain good.  The logic escapes me.
Come on Chuck... that is a terrible piece of legislation rammed down the countries throat... stop the nonsense, work together and fix it
Do something!!!!!!!
C I don't give a F**k about people that didn't have ins.!When OBAMA STEALS FT Workers Health ins & gives it 2 parasites, & leave us 2 die FU
When are going to address how much $ he @realDonaldTrump received from Russian Banks from the TrumpTowerServers? #Traitorous
He will simply not pay the states fed $$ for their participation in the extended Medicaid program hence financial distress to insurance co
I choose my own car and house insurance; I will choose my own doctors and insurance come hell, high water or communists posing as dems.
Can't you work w/h.c. providers and agencies to get the word out in other ways? That's RESISTANCE.
Yes you
I've read we can't tar and feather Donnie Baloney...too bad. How's about we IMPEACH the treasonous tool (of Mother Russia) #realdonaldtrump
Finally, an end to the 11/hour jobs the call centers provide, and the death care they are selling.  Thank God!!
Yes democrats
We wouldn't NEED an ACA if the damn insurance co's wouldn't GOUGE us for everything we've got, or deny coverage to those who need it, right?
ACA was Gov's stupidest attack on private industry n American history. Any idiot would know Combing welfare with corp America WOULDNT WORK
You mean you, pelosi, and waters are trying to sabotage this administration since day 1!? And you wonder why the demoratic party is fucked.
Like you people did to Obama?
Because Obama was grossly incompetent. That's why our health care system is screwed!
Chucky you clown. We the people don't want your junk health care plan. You like it you should get it yourself.
They are deliberately sabotaging America & Democracy, lack of action to protect both from GOP is a disgrace.
Your to blame Chucky and all you love set friends that won't get something better be approved!! We know the truth!!
You passed Obamacare, and we found out what was in it.  Don't blame Trump.
Irony: Repubs whining about Obamacare when they've had over eight years to come up with a working plan and failed time after time.
The democrats
No sir - YOU sabotaged our healthcare system and you know it.
YU ARE WALKING SABOTAGE   PLZ STEP DOWN.
Rumor going round you challenged trump to let illegals vote to prove he isn't racist.
Help us Chuck!

Chucky we know exactly. The people that built the house of cards. AKA you and your pals. Like advertising river property in Houston.
How about some free adverts from the main tv stations, late night shows, etc???
BTW of what HCS do u speak? ACA almost non-existent, on life support. Trump said it before election and everyday since. Ur best fails daily
Every day Trump wakes up and thinks how can I be a bigger DICK
Trump wanted to change it... congress refused!! You all screwed the American people! I want what you have!
Senator, we'll fight it out here, but wil you please amplify our voices in there so the folks across the aisle hear US all?!
#PORKUS #NOTPOTUS #LiarinChief #WannabDickTraitor #WhinnyLiar #PrezFraud #IMPEACHMENT #DEPLORABLEPREZ #GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #DelusionsofGrandeur
We already know who to blame. Look in the mirror. #RepealAndDeregulate
Sadly, ou are giving 1/3 of the American people WAY too much credit. Apparently, they will believe whatever FOX tells them to.
The @GOP will blame democrats and many will believe them. You need to start laying the real blame now. Funding confusion, advertising, etc.
The blame is on Obama and the Democrats.
Point taken,BUT those affected(me, for instance) would be stuck paying higher premiums for at least one full year. I, for one, cannot afford
Spread the word - its up to us!
#ACA #Healthcare #openenrollment
So you are worried about the blame and not the solution.
yes, you dimwit dems. Where did all the grant money go when not used for its purpose? In YOUR pockets? Yep, I see
Guess it couldn't be that the aca was a badly written law? Cost have risen ever year. That is 8 yrs. under obama and 8 months under trump.
Trump hinted at doing this many times. It's recorded in the media.
Please be quiet. Always crying
But you didn't mind that when it was Boehner doing the crying, did you.
I could care less about any of these politicians they are all whiny little bitches who do nothing but divide this country and cause issue's
You do have a point there! But the alternative... ?
Live ur life and do what u gotta do to make ur life great. These politicians shouldn't affect how u think or what u do
I'm still waiting for an answer as to why you think American taxpayers should subsidize over 70% of your luxury ins plans. You make $174,000
And don't forget about all the perks like a vechicle and such.
Not a fan of Donald Trump, but INSURANCE companies must be held responsible for their greed and predatory practices. People blame ACA
You @SenSchumer created a time bomb health care system you knew would fail; the single payer would be your answer. You have lied to us.
Unfortunately Trump will succeed in larger numbers of people blaming Obama. Because Democrats are incapable of getting the message out.
More tax payer  money to keep a failing system going is not the answer!  Get with repubs and work to make a system for all!  #MAGA
But that doesn't appear to be this Admin's health care agenda! (I do appreciate your anti-Trump stance however! We need strong/real GOP!)
@AP_Politics @AP you built that disaster, you own it. Don't blame Trump for your idiocy.
Are you kidding? Stupidity reigns!

The real problem w/healthcare is obvious: Democrats love their elite educated so you cater to drug & insurance co management!
Why shouldn't they advertise? That's the way business operates. Insurance is a business!
Remind voters DAILY of their hypocrisy and dirty tactics until elections in '18!
You're right Schumer,  we DO KNOW WHO'S TO BLAME!
We will blame Obama care, democrats and McCane
They won't know unless you tell them and show them.
Obama sabotaged the health care system I worked at a hospital I can't tell you how many people I know that paid the penalty and saved money
It's law how possible. We should be able sue Trump
It's imploding and dead, socialized med doesn't work. Obummer care was shoved down our throats based on all lies
Chuckle, been reading Alinski again?
The #ImpotentGOP OWNS healthcare and the disasters it's headed for. Every problem any person has w/healthcare is on THEM.
Obamacrap and Chuckie Schumer and other Dems killed the middle class in favor of wealthy racists like themselves.
B4 public gets excited about free HC.  Consider, VA was also free.  Pres Trump had to rescue vets from lack of accountability, fired 500.
like the 116% in Arizona? http://newyork.cbslocal.com/2016/10/25/arizona-obamacare-premiums/ …  #ObamacareisAFail #MAGA
Trump and his scum bags HHS Tom Price attacking #ACA again. The people need to shut them up and drop this repeal idea.
@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats two can play this game! Let's roll out our own efforts to let people know about enrollment. #TwitterPower etc.
You could save a ton of $ by ending lawmaker's healthcare subsidies. That could help a bunch of people.
I guarantee the value of Euro the same. Euro is always stronger than $. So, $ must be transformed to be Euro.
SERIOUSLY would like your reaction along with @TomPerez  on this:  https://twitter.com/JohnKasich/status/903384922202685440 … CAN WE DO SOMETHING BIPARTISAN???
Our bipartisan blueprint can bring positive change to health care reform. Congress must act now. 
President is required by oath and constitution to execute laws faithfully. He is not doing that. He should be impeached. #Obamacare
There is no law stating ACA must be advertised - if people havent figured it out in 7 years they never will #RepealAndReplace
Can you actually say this with a straight face? Wasn't your  BS law supposed to drop premiums by $2,500?
Yep. My premiums nthru work more than doubled.
"Obamacare! As seen on TV!" The country has been suffering this travesty for years. And everyone knows to blame dems for it. No ads required
The dimwits who passed this insurance bill. #MAGA @SenSchumer Resign
I blame YOU for the Disaster that is ACA. Every time I pay my higher bills to my different doctor, I'll remember it was the Dems that did it
what are you talking about my cost doubled, tripled under Obama care.  Everything went sky high.  You didn't notice it then.
We blame the Democrats Chuck
Sorry you do not get a free ride on this.  It is a horrid health care, using the word health is a joke.  Like your minions, you are inept
you must have hc.
@BarackObama did a great job himself of sabotaging our health care system by ramming through #Obamacare. " If u want 2 keep your plan..."
This is what happens when people vote against their own interest by VOTING FOR THE REPUBLICANS, they're going to learn a hard lesson
And yet the insurance profits triple
Despicable - yet no longer surprising. Every day is a new low with this WH.
Let's keep reminding them of the sabotage. I don't hear enough about it on cable news
Impeach or indict 45
Why
Not unless you get out in front of the cameras and tell people he's the reason for the cost increases.
No they won't, they'll still blame Obama
Yes. @GOP. Trump is a psychopathic tyrant by nature, and will not change. GOP needs to set limits for him to protect the American people.
Probably in his sick mind its considered culling the herd.
