.@RepJohnKatko, @SenSchumer tell @USTreasury: Keep plan to put #HarrietTubman on $20 bill http://s.syracuse.com/QiNGxIU  #NY24
IT MAKES NO SENSE TO HAVE WASTED ALL TIME AND MONEY TO START THIS EFFORT IN THE FIRST PLACE! DEMS WANT TO DESTROY ALL US HISTORY
You seem nice.
...and popular!
DON'T CARE I DO THIS FOR ME NOT FOR YOU OR ANY OTHER LIBERALS WHO ARE NOTHING BUT HYPOCRITES - CRY TOLERANCE YET BULLY AND BELITTLE ANYONE WHO DOES NOT SHARE YOUR WARPED EMOTIONAL VIEW OF EVERYTHING...
Wow! Five months later! So glad you finally made it to the table...and the shouting!..hoowee, you use those big bold letters!
You'd think this moron from Bottistan would have figured out the cap lock key in five months.
 my fav? After five months, 0 follows and so much emotions! This reply is a highlight of my twittering! I’m gleefully waiting for the next!
TRUMP WANTS TO BE ON ALL CURRENCY! Lol STICK WITH THE PLANS! WHY ON EARTH ARE YOU CHANGING THINGS THAT MATTER MOST TO US? TRUIMG 2BREAK US?
Robert E. Lee would be a better choice.
I think America should have had the opportunity to vote on it.  Eleanor Roosevelt was one of the most active first ladies in history  1/2
#cuckschumer #cuckyschumer #TermLimits
Senator, please do not ignore EPA and the fact that a political appointee is controlling how grant money is awarded.
Won't Harriet's image conger up unpleasant memories of slavery?  Like period movies, history books & the name Lee?
Stopping the Tubman $20 only makes sense when your goal is to throw red meat to your racist base.
It makes sense if the Treasury Secretary doesn't have a problem collaborating with fascists.
It makes perfect sense evil little Chuckie. Because Harriet wasn't a PRESIDENT! That position is presidential domain.
Geeze Chuck, you tweet more than the POTUS! 
Stop whining and do the job your suppose to do!
#trump Trump needs to lead not undo just because he can. His only actions are negative. Wow to the GOP who follow Trump's diversions.
Since trump is hell bent on un-doing everything associated with Obama, it doesn't surprise me.  I think thats the only reason he wanted Pres
Cucky, why is that even important?  Why can't you and your cronies concern urselvs about important things...like fixing infrastructure.
Yeah, well, does it really matter? I think not, however the veiled attempt to change/ rewrite history is a little more concerning.
Who is tubman? Leave currency alone.
Here's a novel idea, leave the $20 bill as is, let's add a $3 or $25 or $30 bill with Tubman on it.
I am sure @realDonaldTrump just wants to keep his "hero" Andrew Jackson in place, and that is another example of his warped viewpoint.
Educate yourself
Racism,
Seen on a DAILY BASIS in Trump Administration! Disgusting!!!!

We can't wait for politicians to face reality and lead. We're marching 118 miles from #Cville2DC to confront white supremacy. 
Serious question how much is this initiative costing tax payers?
To change a picture on a bill...none at all.
It's because of comments like this hat I am looking forward to the next 7+ years....
You really think GOP will nominate DT in 2020 when they had to hold their noses to vote for him the 1st time? No way!
Nah, he will be impeached soon.
Can't be impeached for hurt feelings!  You can probably check with Bill Clinton on ways to actually be impeached....
You can be, for money laundering and treason and many other things trump is guilty of though.
Leave the money alone ,more important things to do.God is trying to tell all of u he is coming.u all will answer for the wrong u are doing.
Duke Ellington would be great on the $20 bill.
So your going to help erase history so you can rewrite it. U won't get my vote.
and worked for political, racial and social justice & continued to serve as an advocate for a wide range of human rights issues aftrwrd  2/2
Which are you catering to Chuck? It must be your minority voters since your capitalists won't be happy. Tubman hated capitalism, you know.
The problem is, he doesn't know how to think!
Does it cost money to do this? Yes. Does it cost money to stop it? No. What other answer do you need?
It panders to the base, and sparks outcry from  liberals which makes the base happier. This is the political atmosphere under Trump: spite.
Remember what Bannon said, keep talking about race (which this inevitably will result with) and he'll keep winning.
So you're okay wasting money to pander to a small minority who think putting Tubman on a bill will get you votes? #AnythingForLiberals
So you think both women and African Americans are a small minority? Perhaps you should get out more.
again think Trump just stiring the shit...to keep the Country off balance....what a childish power play ...
Educate yourself
Makes perfect sense. Put a pick of one of our natl treasures. Stop with the racial divisive rhetoric. Quit throwing this crap in our faces.
It makes sense if your goal is to appeal to your racist base.
You think trump will give up his favorite Prez for yesteryear? He talks to him daily and take inspirations like the trail of tears....
Its racism
Chuck, seriously, get with the program. America is being run by racists & nazis. Now do something!
Just write Tubman on all bills!
Talk about these plans.
I fixed it for them.


Schumer, not sure if you noticed here, but Americans are hurting. Healthcare, immigration, taxes, and u want to design money? WAKE UP! SMH
It makes sense if you're @POTUS trying to eradicate every trace of @POTUS44 because you cannot accept a black president. #racist #birther
Did American Citizens decide or was it all political?
what is wrong with the one already on there. why don't you do something constructive like a new health care bill
All the major issues facing the U.S. and this is your focus Chuck?
@LindaLawrey @USTreasury unless you're a racist
It makes perfect sense when you consider who's in charge
It certainly does if you are a bigot!
"absolutely no sense." Point made, Mr. Senator, but it comes across as timid and spineless.
Contrariness runs deep and wide in this administration. No other explanation except maybe petulance.
Unless your Commander in Thief is a racist!
Sure it does. While Tubman was a great American & beyond courageous, she was not a US President nor was she a Founding Father
Ida B. Wells wld be excellent choice
#russia #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW   This is what matters all else is noise.
Stop all the garbage and do something about healthcare all my friends and family are losing their plans
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled to long in office
Jackson was a murderer and a disgrace, take him off.
Why don't you do some real work for the American people,this money bullshit does nothing for us!
Leave our money alone! Create a new bill, or dollar coin!
 It does to #DonTheRacistCon as he tries to #erase ALL of the gains, triumphs and progress of @BarackObama Admin.

#Impeach45

#Resist
Really? That's all you have? You're words are like a feather on a nuclear bomb ... we're doomed.
https://twitter.com/SenSchumer   You have more important things to do than focus on this.  Try opposing Fascism in WH
Hey, Chucky Schemer(sic), it made no sense to make that plan! Get on the #MAGA train or retire. Your old carping is BORING! "cry me a river"
It makes absolutely no sense.
@retrosher @USTreasury @MarkWeinerDC @RepJohnKatko Requesting two tens will be the new freedom fries.
The Trump administration is racist. Not surprising announcement.
It does if you're racisr
No way in hell do we need to change the pictures on money! It's an expense that isn't warranted!
Disagree.  Makes a lot of sense.
In the middle of historic storm in TX, and u feel it's important to speak about the f@&cing $20 bill. U r ridiculous. #hypocrite
It makes no sense to allow a fucking P.utin crony to be president, yet, here we are.
@MarkWeinerDC @RepJohnKatko It does if you're a racist.
Whose idea to cancel? Trump
A pro gun supporter like Tubman on the $20 bill is a great idea.  A statue in Prospect park to help you can rethink your 2nd admend  views.
It does if you are a White Supremacist Nazi.
It makes perfect sense in opposite world, where we all now apparently reside. #HarrietTubman
tRUmp's documented racism goes back to the 1970s. And he still hasn't spoken to Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner. I wonder why?
@MarkWarner @timkaine How fix health care? How help jobs & economy. What are priorities? Talk about @POTUS tweeting down rabbit holes!
She's not an American hero chuckie the schmuck i.e.
They may want to expedite the change lest millions of these start popping up across the country. Just sayin'
If this woman is not an icon everywhere, then please MAKE HER ONE. Our schoolchildren should know about her amazing spirit and courage.
@ChrisMurphyCT @SenBlumenthal @RepEsty can we get an amen for Schumer out there? @ActTogetherCT @ATCT_NF
Then don't let it happen! #Resist
Thank you!
It does if you want to appease your racist base...
Done!
Like 45 would give up his hero Jackson on the $20. I want the change to Tubman to go through, but I'm not surprised.
It's called #45 is a White Nationalist with an administration full of them.
They need money for THE WALL. And to prosecute laughing women.
You Chuckin' tell those stinkin' motherchuckers! #Chucklet4life #ChuckEmOut
It makes no sense to change our currency. They are other ways to honor someone who change history.
Confederacy had black ppl on their money a long time ago, what took y'all so long?
They are racists they dont care!
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed & agree w/ @SenSchumer ,there is no sense to halt approved plan,Harriet Tubman....bill
You seem to love the tv cameras, why aren't you grandstanding in Texas?
Schumer,  did you send out your gang of thugs, antifa? Yes, we KNOW U SUPPORT THEM!
Schumer you're a waste of skin!  With the devastation in Texas, all you want to do is TRY to cause more trouble!
All @GOP & Trump trash want a woman in the home, as mother, wife, nurse, sex toy & cooks. Barefoot & pregnant. Never Forget you erased women
Yup, stop it now.
Didn't belong taking Jackson off... The Dems are trying to rewrite US history..
So true!
Why not put your hero George Soros on the twenty dollar bill or Byrd the KKK leader on it , he died still in office ! The KKK is democrat !
More uprisings and divisions created by the left.
Keep the President's on our money.
How about.... NO
I am sure as Chief Obstructionist you will hold up funding to the hurricane victims then blame it on the Russians.....sad
Unless you're racist...
It makes perfect sense if your goal is to keep blacks and women 2nd class citizens. White nationalist are like that.
And Chuck Schumer I step in a pile of Schumer and it stunk so bad I through the shoes and socks away and had to wash my feet 10 times !
Anything democrats do is corrupt like giving Hillary the power you did ! And millions of Haitian people are dead because of her ! MURDERS !
But the Clinton Foundation made millions killing Haitians and Hillary's a democrat so it's OK right ! All the Dem. Party does is use people
We know they're going to stop it and we know exactly WHY. 
Really.Her and statues..we have much more important things to do right now.if u so concerned why didn't u do it during obamas terms?divisive
Alert : Alert : Why not put Fat Albert on the bill - it would be recognized by more of Big city constituents.
It made no sense to approve that bullshit to begin with.  Just another democrat ploy Trump has to correct.
Too bad Chuckie. If you want to erase history, erase it all. I think that would be Politically Correct and fair to all.
Nope! No more Obama BS!
Yes it does
Please.  No trump acolyte will allow a black woman on currency. The regime is all racist
How about a tru American hero on the bill,Audie Murphy,most decorated soldier of ww2
There's chuck causing more race problems.
Chuck your wrong as always you don't listen to the American people
APGoPo: meet Chuck Schumer he's not just important because he's Amy Schumer's cousin. Sen. Minority Leader
As always @TheDemocrats worried whats on $$ instead of creating opportunities for middle class to put $$ in their wallet. #SaturdayMorning
Why should he even have a say.? This is ridiculous.
it's another insult.There is an obligation to go forward with HT on the $20 in support of long awaited inclusion/equality. The time is NOW!
Is there something wrong with having a new denomination of bill, even if it is of higher denomination and placing her on that? Avoids static
The twenty dollar bill is if I am not mistaken already associated with Andrew Jackson. Do we want to associate Harriet Tubman with Andrew?
First, "sense" & trump are incompatible. Second, you're not a fool; it's ONLY about feeding his bigot base. Stop tweeting & get him OUT!
If it were only about sense... it's about racist mindsets
Looks like Congress has a lot of work to do when they return. While you're there 1st priority, start 25th Amendment then undo all his mess.
Now your just trying to get the black vote thats only reason for your remarks.
80 some years on the $20 time to rotate in some new currency. I say Michael Jordan but I'm a basketball fan.
When a White supremacists is in office this is what all can expect. DT will Gemini this act by stating, "She was a great person."
What you don't understand the racists are in the White House?
People of color scare them, even pictures of people of color.
#TubmanTwenty
I repeat she's no American hero
She served as an armed scout and spy for the United States Army during the American Civil War. What more does a woman have to do? 
With 20 Trillion debit hard choice must be made. No more going in debit to support other countries
@MarkWeinerDC @RepJohnKatko Chuckie for a Brooklyn boy you are real stupid backing the wrong horse shame on you
Such a non Story in the wake of Houston Chuck!

Chuckey why don't u worry about the victims of Harvey instead of a picture on the 20 dollar bill. U have ur priorities mixed up
it makes absolutely no sense for you to worry yourself about this issue when millions it Texas need help, N. Korea issue, Antifa terrorism.
Really?
It is mind blowing that we have to fight every. single. thing. #KeepHarriet
Pure bigotry
It makes sense to the racists, right?
Shameful
Displacing In place America icons Causes division and insults tradition. U don't get it.Replacement is political symbolism over sunstance
Who cares fool if it's worth face value nobody cares who's picture is on the front You liberals always trying to start some crap
Melania obviously married him for his money. She should have spoke to his other wives. She could not have known the horror!
He thinks he was elected to destroy Obama's Legacy.
The sense it makes is that he plans to destroy anything that Obama has done. This is a sick, sick racist.
Just plain crazy
It just proves  some of the GOP are racist.
Oh my Chuck ! Let's help @POTUS  get jobs increase American income all around ! Do health care , tax reform ! BE PRODUCTIVE!
Is this the best Congress can come up with to help us Americans who struggle just to make ends meet?
Why are you trying to erase history?
About that.  So far up Hillary ass and Pelosi drawers.
On 22 October 2016, you was already calling Hillary president. And already had another chief judge on stand by.  Do you want to lie about...
Yes it makes sense. She was never a president. Quit trying to change things.
Unless you're a white supremacist working for a lunatic.then?well der!
Racism is why he won't do it!!!!
THIRD WAY ?
Our money was alway the face of Presidents
It makes all the sense not to put anyone on an existing bill. the cost will be in the $M and if so important, you fund this project 100%.
going to channel Mattis on this...hang on troops. Don't throw the plates away yet. It will be Mueller time before you know it.
It makes perfect sense if you are a white supremacist Chuck.
You want to change the US history? First the statues and now the currency. When will this end? You are breaking this country apart. So sad.
Someone is trying to please the orange duck @realDonaldTrump
Why don't you worry about you and your fellow dems not doing a dam thing about health care or tax reform
Oh I think it makes total sense
But old hickory is Trump's pal, and gets more known every day
Welcome back Chuck.
Trump administration = Horrible unAmerican people
No!that would be the dems
It makes complete sense if you were a racist, like his old man.
You act like this administration has been making sense.  This is consistent nonsensical behavior.
Chuck you are unreal! The pandering to minorities you applaud when Democrats have forgotten them for decades unless its an election year.
It does if you're a racist President playing to a racist base.
Try the postage stamp... again.
#Resist
#HarrietTubman
President is trying to undo everything Obama did, like a jealous ex boyfriend possessed by rage and retribution for some imagined crime.
What? Another War On Women tactic to overcome?
