Our military is upping resources to PR, but we need more personnel, trucks, helicopters to direct & transport supplies, et al on the ground.
Thank you Senator Schumer!!! I can’t imagine POTUS having the desire let alone focus to do this.
Astonishing that we knew before storm hit in FL and TX that "Trump Admin. / FEMA had been mobilized." Yet a week later and ... 1/2
Numerous sites that document all that has been done prior to date, along w 20 other areas hit. Huge tasks!
@Fema @USArmy @USNavy @DHSgov

General who handled Hurricane Katrina slams Trump on Puerto Rico crisis http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/uerto-rico-trump-katrina-criticism-general-russel-honore-a7972996.html …
http://ussanews.com/News1/2017/09/30/san-juan-port-teamsters-drivers-on-strike-no-show-for-trumps-puerto-rico-relief-efforts/ …
"USAA- the Tea Party's Front Page" - but no bias there.
Okay, obviously you could have handled multiple hurricane sites, devastation in many areas & go to them all & rebuild in daysbravo
Obviously you've never lived through a hurricane or flooding in tropical heat. I have: in SC, and now in FL. Response was not this slow.
Her "efforts" are being described as genocide. She's pulled out the Army. Still no power or clean wtr.
The two dumbest people to ever achieve General Officer rank. BTW Chuck are you aware of how many Puerto Ricans vote in NY. Are you aware there are over a thousand AVOIDABLE DEATHS!
I know you're busy. Just thought you could use a STATUS UPDATE on the progress of General Robinson's command. @USACEHQ @FEMA_Brock
Puerto Ricans are US citizens.
This might be of interest to you. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jones –Shafroth_Act
Someone please RETIRE Nancy Pelosi. She only hinders gun control efforts and plays right into Republican’s “slippery slope” narrative. #dumb
who do you think you are ? We have a wonderful President an it is not you he has got it under control do YOUR job !
The crux of the issue is being overlooked by news:

Where did U find those stats? Ive been looking for stats on what is there
Is he going to lie about what was said like he lies about everything else?
. @LindseyGrahamSC     Maybe the Military Industrial Complex budget should be slashed by 75% since you can't handle a big ocean to help Latino Americans #AMDG
Since its all about race, what is the racial makeup of PR ?
. with the Progeny of Klansman it's all about race. Engaging in ethno-studies with imbeciles is not my cup of tea. This Latino American would rather work on his #embeddedsystems project(s) #AMDG
Time for legislators to travel to Puerto Rico NOW!
why do they not send carrier with heavy lift copter and veh 2 pr to airlift supplies to areas and to refuel copters 2 continue relief help
And?

Why not let the president handle this.   You have enough problems in New York
chuck and Nancy  don't cares about American families and democratic care about them self only
WH does not care if PR is modern #DeathCamp. fine people w/tiki torches think those Americans R too brown-seriously #TimeToGetFingObnoxious
@SenSchumer will you PLEASE get out of the way and let people do their job! Stop your insidious grandstanding.
You had years to help upgrade their infrastructure to withstand hurricanes. You have done nothing. Just shut up and resign
Stay out of it Schumer, you will screw it up.
Let the General do her job You +Pelosi know nothing about operational tactics dealing with this catastrophe Go bang your gavels in Congress

Should have put your name in for FEMA dir. since you think ALL is being done so poorly. I'm sure you would do a better job then as Senator
and you probably took control and told her how to manage the crisis because you have so much experience.
Don't waste her TIME. The agencies don't need politicians like U getting in the way of helping Puerto Rico; need roads cleared & truckers.
She reports to the president, not the Obstructionist-in-Chief (or is that McCain?).
Why do you think lori is incompetent?
Certainly, you and Nancy put forth no good ideas. You're giving the American people a handjob! Don't continue to waste Robinson's time.
Hope she knew that your intentions were only to try and get something Trump.

Did they say thank you for backing the NFL disrespecting the military?
Thank you Senator Schumer!
Where is the Army Transportation unit?  Would Gen. Eisenhower be this slow?
Thank u Chuckles
Helicopters. And hurry. Fill out forms later.
SENATOR EVEN A VESSEL DOCKED CARRYING A WARHEAD POSING AS HELP TO PUERTO RICO PEOPLE! CAN BE FIRED,!
In DC ???  Why isn't she in PR ??
Wow lots of people involved
TY Senator!
@realDonaldTrump @VP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @NancyPelosi 
Drop politics Get military help to PR #NOW
WHY MUST PUERTO RICO BEG?
Send military assistance now!
First step to end our national scourge of political cruelty/oblivion.
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
Do your job and lose the cameras you stiff
@SenSchumer #Democrats need to take the lead on exposing the #GOP FAILURE in it's response to #PuertoRico. Get ON CAMERA, Expose TX & FL Too
Where's public notice coord. donations. relief delivery? Random posts begging 4 planes, pilots. Designate short monitored # & ph #PuertoRico
The meeting was a courtesy call at your request for a photo op since what gets done in #PuertoRico relief efforts has nothing to do with you
1/3 From 2015:
2/3 Dem congresswoman and Governor first to respond to PR - http://m.nydailynews.com/new-york/cuomo-puerto-rico-faces-long-road-recovery-wake-maria-article-1.3513329 …
Love how people pretend Democratic Party hasn't been fighting on behalf of PR prior to Devastation. Just another "alt-fact" from Alt-Right.
I am sure he told you that you had cut the budget so deep they need more people
10K containers sitting at the port with broken supply chain. Many wondered how Trump would handle a major crisis and now we know.
The #DemocraticParty Should take the lead on the relief to #PeurtoRico! We ARE the party that gives VOICE to the poor, weak & forgotten!
The middle class doesn't need some bogus piece of legislation drummed uo by liberal politics that looks good on the outside but it all evil.
Photo Op for the Snake Schumer
Very good, and?
And......c'mon old man!
DO SOMETHING NOW..meetings don't solve the problem.
boots on the ground and action long overdue
So instead of reading a report on the actions done, you decided he needed to come to your office? Wasting time and effort, Chuck's MO
You want to help the middle class? stop taxing the crap out of them, they don't need some bogus piece of liberal legislation..
and?  don't leave us hanging.
didn't see this response.  i do hope more will be sent at once.
Thank you!It's sad days for our country when president prefers to watch PPL suffer due to $ while using TP$ for his personal gain! GREED!
And what's the delay?
Jones act. Trump. Congress.
And? Tell me you have more news and this isn't just a photo op.
Are u bragging or complaining?
Thank you for being on top of the devastation in PR and US Virgin Islands.
SENATOR THAT WAY YOU ATTACK DPRK THAT COULD BE STRATEGY!
Way too late Chuck, should of done that last week.looser.
Good thing you have a big schnoz or your glasses would land in you lap.
Did you tell her you were going to cut her budget, but expect the same results as before them.
SENATOR THEY MAY USE THAT ISLAND !AND MAKE YOU THINK IT CAME FROM ELSEWHERE !THAT IS IT!
