Broken promises? Lmao. Schumer the great obstructionist, Not sitting well with the american people. You're going to bury your own party.
If you spent same time and energy moving the PEOPLE forward as you do about fighting, poking Trump think about where we would be by now.
What broken promised the President is trying very hard to advance his Agenda  bt Dem WAnts him 2 fail pathetic
We know you won't report the truth...#lying media
Blah blah blah
Start working together and stop acting like 2 year old toddlers.
well if you would work wit instead of against
Hay schumer we the people r still calculating ur last 8 yrs 10 trillion & zero to show ! Infrastructure wow pot holes big enough to grow pot
I beg you... PLEASE stop being the great divider.  It's not what his country needs right now.
can't wait to not watch it!
Yep, saw it.  I see that Amy is. It the only comedian in the family. My sides hurt after seeing you. You are very funny.
You're a Liar, maybe pathological
What did you do to help this President?
What was your first 100 day? 0 or No
Thank you Senator Schumer for fighting for America! You remind me of Abraham Lincoln. 
Abraham Lincoln was a Republican,
I know. What's party have to do with people looking or acting alike? lol Something about him reminds me of a past POTUS.
Poor OLD Schumer with those Big Tears has nothing to talk about
@schumer...BRAIN MUSH DISEASE.....
What legislation did this Congress pass in the first 100 days?
Why don't we talk about the work YOUR NOT DOING
you don't mention kept promises The broken ones weren't broken by him they were held up and slowed down by your  NO TO EVERYTHING vengence
Broken promises really? 100 days and he has done.more than BO had in 8 yrs. If this is ur measurement then wth happened on ur watch?
Chuck.  100 days of causing problems and obstructing.  You are bad for America.
Yeah Chuck. Both people who support you will be watching.  The rest of NYS, HIGHEST TAXED WELFARE STATE IN THE NATION, will be working.
You obviously still don't understand why Trump was elected!
Chucky the clown leads dems into the pits of hell once again.
Chuckie-what is a house democratic stalking now? LOL @dbongino @POTUS @MikePenceVP @SenateMajLdr @brithume @BretBaier @HispanicsTrump #TX1
Schumer may be "live", but his obstructionist brain and soul are dead!!
More unproductive hyper-partisan bloviating. Start doing your job and legislate in a bipartisan manner.
Chuck refuses to be Honest about anything His Pres. Donald J. Trump has done!
Wow Chuckles!! You referring to 'swamp' creatures is simply PRECIOUS!! We ALL know that you are the NESSIE of the Senate! The SWAMP king!!
Geee let me guess you're gonna trash Trump? Save your breath Chuck no one believes a word you say!!!
U r still crying!  Move on u Sore Loser!
Senator..If u don't have anything nice to say "don't say anything at All"!
Those ratings should be low!
will u discuss #MedicareForAll #FreeCollege  tuition #NoDAPL #Wallstreet reform #NetNeutrality #FightForFifteen?
Promises aren't broken it just takes more time to over come the obstacles the Dems keep throwing at him. #crybabiesatitagain
CNN: "Trumps stock market rally 2nd best since JFK!"
I just seen a poll on that and you're either lying or just don't know much the people don't agree with your statement
All you have done during the 100 days is waste our money and obstruct
President Trump is doing what he said 100%!  America has never seen that before in any politician!
I'd rather stick my head in a deep fryer than listen to you idiots lie, babble and drool on yourselves.
Democrats are full of broken promises! Look at all the lies that Obama and Clinton said to America!
Take cuts will bring back jobs , infrastructure is a stimulus project over their goes jobs , ask Obama and car companies left
Broken promises? Like repealing Obamacare (that you opposed)? Which of Trumps promises will have your support?
Stop complaining and start solving problems together as Americans first. You are trying to make everybody sick and murder ppl globally.
You /your buddies can't stand that you are wrong. What do you want from him? He is an out of the box President and will continue to do.
You dope you can't roll infrasture until a complete auditing of the GOVERNEMNT and still waiting on cabinet members
Your definitely not a fiscal genius , Obama left a fiscal mess . You delayed his cabinet, it takes months to fully audit companies .
Please do have fun explaining why Republicans are more accomadatihg of Supreme Court justices with obvious leftist views when Democrats neve
Reciprocate. If Republicans took the same approach that Democrats do, Kagan and Sotomayor would have gotten less votes
In breaking news Democrats and Republicans are still partisan hacks....
Next NATO was focused on China in 2008 , Clinton and Obama made them more powerful . Obama worst foreign policy
One too bad you didn't push Obama on China instead of giving them our jobs, taxpayers dollars , and technology
Shutuppppo crybabyyyyyy
What promises has he broken . I think you should start compromising with him instead of this nonsense of not supporting him on anything.
You and the rhinos are the reason fir his broken promises. I'd love to hear what you have to say!!!
Now that's something we all can't wait for---NOT!!
Chuck. Talk about your first 100 days of this admin. What have you done?  I can't seem to find anything. In the past 8 years either.
How about a comment on suppression of free speech?
Watch the Chuck Swamper and the rest of the Democrats waist more more tax payer dollars obstructing our President.
how many promises have you accomplished your busy complaining about the past 100 days for the last 80days
On target....all talk no action.
The Art of the Deal. 
@TomPerez .. here's my suggestion ...
Make a website where all can see what the tax cut to the wealthy will cost middle class/poor; what benefits they lose vs what wealthy gain?
It sounds like you have diarrhea chuckie boy, better head to the bath room.
Schmucky...noone...and i mean NOONE...wants to see you live anything, prerecorded.... or otherwise. PLEASE, for America, stay off TV!!!!!
How about working on POLICY, getting Repulicans on the record AGAINST good policy, rather than continue to play the "we aren't them" game
How about we talk about holding divisive politicians accountable?
glad it ain't Clintons first 100 days
Fighting against trump is one thing.  But what are you and Dems doing to help the working class.  It's not all about your donors
Chief Obstructionist. You Democrats are flat out CRAZY.  DO NOT tell me that you have whats best for the country at heart.  You want failure
Yawn.
Tell us about your plan to help the country.
Chuck only has a plan to obstructe the country.
Who cares
@POTUS signed 30Executive orders N 1st 100 days it has been U  & @HouseDemocrats who has been the obstructionist wasting taxpayer dollars
. VERY WELL PUT! 100% TRUE! THANK YOU! I'm so sick of hearing Schumer cry, complain, stretch the truth, etc.,  like a big baby!
I know, He gets under my skin as well. 
Perhaps you could enlighten your constituents as to why you have stayed silent on the horrific teen murders on LI by MS-13. I know why!
Please talk about Dems 8 years of doing jack shit under Fauxbama
A career politician who fulfills less than 25% of his promises is LIVE to criticize another. Tune in for the hypocrisy #MAGA
You being live will be a change.  A real change would be you doing something to HELP the country.  Chief obstructionist.
What have you accomplished besides $20 trill debt while lining your pockets. U self serving POS
Respectfully disagree. In 100 days, Trump has accomplished more than eight years of the disaster that was Obama.
Don't quite agree.Obama accomplished more problems than anyone could imagine. Worst president ever.Catastrophic damage, so he did accomplish
Zzzzzzzz. . .
Will I see you at TEB this weekend or are you taking Amtrak?
I thought that Congress was supposed to work for the people and not themselves
Most of his promises are more like THREATS!
What did Obama do in 100 days??
Chuck what have you done last 100 days
Well that's n some ways I'm glad the promises weren't kept. Especially repealing ACA
That will get done it's killing working citizens
Pls don't go live
Your obstruction is failing the American people. Build the wall and vote the tax cuts.
Could use a good laugh. I'll be watching. #SillySch
Make sure you discuss how you obstructed the cabinet nominees
Lololol

Talk instead of what Dems have done other than obstruct every single step of President... Anything?
@gop controls house and senate. How are Dems obstructing?  LOLOL.
It's amazing what securing the borders can accomplish. See Poland.
Thank you for standing up for us 
Standing up for the snowflakes
Only broken because Congress is getting in his way.  Both Dem and rep. It's your plan so he can't drain the swamp.
Don't let that stand in the way of doing any work!! 
How about 100 days of Democratic memory loss for forgetting how they voted in the past. HYPOCRITE
But wait, we didn't want his kind of promises, anyhow!
I did I voted for him
