I #WearOrange in honor of the 13 victims of the 2009 shooting in Binghamton, NY and for their families and their friends.
And I #wearorange for the Sandy Hook families, whose beautiful children's photos in my office remind me daily why we must #EndGunViolence
Politicizing a tragedy?  You attack Trump for that.
Hillary should be in a orange jump suit. NOT President Trump. President Trump your doing a great job.
Trump owns the golf course that he plays on so do you think he's playing. How many games did Obama play.
Hopefully all you Demonrats will be wearing orange- jumpsuits soon #Leakers #Liars #JEdgarComey #CrookedHillary #Maga #TermLimits #TrumpUSA
Wow what a difference maker u r chuck...hard to believe we still have problems in this country given all the hard work u do, wearing wow
Thank goodness we don't have a Democrat in office. Pressure Trump your doing a great job.
Very grateful for all you do!!!!
Try wearing orange everyday in honor of the lives saved every day by people carrying concealed weapons.
Hey Schumy, you failed to bring up the fact that the two convicts that murdered their guards last week were captured by civilians with guns!
You don't know what your talking about.
93 is an interesting number isn't it Chuck?  You'll wear orange in prison too #sethrich
Exactly what else are you doing to reduce violence in our nation?
Nothing at all you're doing nothing
What did you wear for the four soldiers who died in Benghazi who died at the hands of you pal @HillaryClinton ?
45 has lowered our standing in the world. His policies will affect or kill millions of civilians. No one gives a shit about Bengahzi.
thousands of soldiers & millions of Americans care about Benghazi. If you can't see the big issue about It then you're part of the problem.
Whatever ...  you still lost the election.  Back to the drawing board
dude, he won the election.
You mean Gang violence?
#FlyTheFlag in #Honor of #AmericanChildren #DamagedEveryDay by #DebtAbuseViolence
#CongressionalDebtAbuseInterest #ExceedsABillionADay !!!
If u cared u would call for Emanuel to resign immediately. Isn't most inner cities ran by Dems.
Did u wear orange for all shot & killed in Chicago, place where your mayor isn't doing his job. Most dangerous place in USA. Bunch of clowns
Maybe look at the types of people doing most of this violence and do something. Not wear a stupid colour and not take care of problem
Wear orange for the lives that could have been saved if there had been one pistol packing person near the stabers!
Schummer the fecal head!
Your one slippery slope.
Thank you Chuck!  MOMS for sensible gun laws appreciate the symbolism and know you will work with us to make America safer.
Oh Bullcrap. The 93 all live in Chicago. Show me that stat of millions. Liar
I would agree except I know you mean to take guns from law abiding citizens. The only thing that does is make sure only criminals have guns.
Is that also for all the black on black murders around the country?
Chuckie, your CONNECTED to the gun violence. Most of it coming from having open borders that let in drug cartels. Turf wars going on.
Well sir, now it's bombs, knives, vehicles
That's not what you should be worried about! Gun violence is the least of your problems.,.
So shouldn't it be harder for bad people to get guns?
Today I wear blue for the 3 million more that voted for Hillary
What about Americans and other people in the world killed by MUSLIMS????
*ISIS members*
The Qiran says kill all non-believers.  They chop off female genitals. Read. Learn.
And the Bible says to take anyone practice something other than Christianity and stone them to death
There are more illegal immigrants who are criminals and with illegal weapons. There are murders daily in our cities. Police are being killed
You are off of the rails....get on the law and order train, hold criminals accountable , and let citizens protect themselves!
What color will you wear to honor those killed in London today by terrorists that are the results of policies by people like you?
Phony
You should wear orange for life!!
I hope you wear the same tie when Concealed Carry Reciprocity passes in the Senate BAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!
Schum, what did you wear for 9 11.
You are a loose , useless american.
what color do you wear for all those killed in Chicago everyday, where they have the strictest gun laws made from hacks like you. Your fake!
@JuliaLaPorta keep letting terrorists in our country. what color will you wear when they murder Americans in the streets you are a phony lib
Snidely! Whiplash!! Right doesn't he look like him ???
How many are kids? Live by the gun die by the gun.
Wow! What a great act of courage and sacrifice @SenSchumer wearing orange. Didn't cost you a cent or a drop of your time or energy.
Just so happens that prisons wear orange and that's a place you belong Chuckie.
G now you care but did nothing for 8 years. What a joke!
So you include suicides in gun violence then? Because #gunviolence is only 30 per day.
.Is that it?  While I did not expect much more form you.  That orange tie will bring down the murder rate for sure
That's right / please remember our Vets
And you're importing more killers who blow up Americans and use knifes to kill us!  You should be wearing prison strips! Secure the borders!
Oh....I thought it was because your head is empty, just like an orange pumpkin.....those damn guns! They just get up and start killing!
Most of that number is coming from sanctuary city Chicago.
You are really a good guy...thank you!!!
Is that why #Trump wears #orange every day? Not. He incites such #gunviolence. Look at his 5th Ave remark, for starters. #StopGunViolence
There's not a day that goes bye that I don't think of all children who were killed by guns. STOP THE VIOLENCE!!!
If you stopped promoting hate...
yeah and they're all in chicago....
Cant do "Orange." Fake POTUS has ruined that color-sent it running right outta every rainbow. Now send *him running, Mr Schumer.
May be if these victims had been armed they wouldn't have been victims.while we're at it let's were orange for all car fatalities in America
Will you cry?
Gun violence? Were they criminal aliens? That you protect
Wonder how many of this deaths are due to drug violence?  Drugs come from South America / Central America and have cities that police avoid.
This while he promotes open borders, bashes cops & the President, appeases liars & terrorists and seeks global communism. The guy is a fraud
More people are killed by drunk drivers . Most of the gun violence is in Chicago they have some of the toughest gun laws. You're a commie
Another feel good jester, how many killings in Chicago today?
Chicago, Obamas legacy of death and pain
Where is your pay to play color
Your hate talk is the cause of this you evil evil man. What is wrong with you ? act like an adult, would you !!!
Hey Chuck you were screaming about the climate yesterday what happened did it reverse itself? So Donald Trump didn't kill our planet 
I am interested in your statistics for your 93 million killed "every day in the
United States" laughable!!!!
#MediaMaven #LookAtMe #LookAtMe
Do something besides wear orange go to Chicago help stop the gang violence
How many of the people are killed from Gang Members with Illegal Guns?
pic of a goofy sissy
Oh tell the truth...you are a Longhorn fan in disguise!  Hook 'em Horns!
How about wearing RED to support our troops!
It's yellow. Dont be a cock.
Attaboy, Chuck!  Kudos to you for recognizing this!  Now... let's allow law enforcement to do their jobs and stop this outrageous violence!
You wear orange because your PR group instructed you to do so.
TY!  Now you actually need 2 DO something abt this national health crisis costing us BILLIONS. It's a disgrace!  @NRA = terrorist org
Your stats are grossly incorrect. FBI reports are significantly lower. Brady and Bloomberg misrepresent the truth.
Almost all of them are killed by criminals who should be in jail.
Get lost snake
What percentage of gun violence is committed by Democrats versus republicans?  Seems like big cities have much more per capita & r Democrat
YOU EVEN LOOK EVIL ..ISIS & TERRORIST SYMPATHIZER
With the millions entering by unfinished fencing, take a bow!
More MS13.ARMED TEXAS LANDOWNERS confront trespassers 
https://youtu.be/bQoPOY0t8Hw 
Orange is Trump's color.  I don't recommend using it for any purpose.
Stop just talking about it and DO something about it.
Give it up!
What is a depraved person? Peeps who are morally corrupt.  Definition: Kathy Griffin, Obama, Hillary, schumer  Soros actions!
Crook
Did he steal the tie?
Good for you shuck
You would look good in an orange jumpsuit
So @realDonaldTrump Trump is heavily against gun violence everyday? Since he is the same color as an old stale Cheeto?
I'll bet
Hypocrite...
Are you wearing orange for Randy Weavers family? How about Seth Rich's family? Or Vince Foster's family? I'm guessing not really...
So how many of those '93 Americans' are killed by law enforcement? How many of the '93 Americans' are committing a crime at the time?
Dems want to strip Americans of their 1st & 2nd Amendment rights. The only reason, they want tyranny over all U.S.A. Represent all Americans
Yes, mostly in cities with councils and Mayors that are DEMS.  They have no answers.  Look at this sinister face.  Dems to blame...
is that in #Chicago
93 !!!!!!  That is Canada's total last year.
Hold up . Let your new muslin FRIENDS work on the numbers. You'll get some astonishing numbers soon. Guns from Iran with Obamer.  
Did you mean Saoudi Arabia ?
Today I wear an American flag to keep the liberals assaulting the US Constitution and taking away our free speech.
How are they doing that?
Guns make us safer govt control makes unsafe
Schumer stop allowing our boarders to be open, orange is not going to help. Also u sat and did nothing when OBama gave 150 Billion 2Iran
So what are you and the other Dem cry babies doing about it? Wearing orange signifies you are aware of it, now go do something about it!
what do you wear for the 4 martyrs of Benghazi?
Oh snap I thought that was another dig at Trump, but you go ahead with your anti-2nd Amendment meetings should make nice 2018 infomercial.
You want to cut gun violence, take guns away from democrats.
Yeah, ur state, with its strict laws, criminals are ignoring those. #2A is a right. Get rid of ur gun toting body guards, then we can talk

What color are you going to,wear for the hundreds killed every day in abortion mills?
Hay lusifer just remember u lose
I just love Chuckie-but not in that Trump-Putin homoerotic way (not that there's anything wrong with that,except for the treason of course).
What treason! Show us more than an offhand comment to someone who was unmasked (felony) a citizen/ and fired 18 days after Trump took office
What color do you wear for the neglected, homeless veterans that fought for your freedoms?
What about Kate Steinle, a woman shot in San Francisco  protected illegal felon.
They are not legal card carrying American citizens perpetuating these acts you jerk. You should wear orange. An orange jumpsuit. #wearorange
Most are 8n cities run by Progressive Democrats. For example Chicago's Mayor Emanuel tenure is marked by over 4000 homicides.
Have your buddy the community organizer visit Chicago to do something worthwhile in fixing the problem
Gun violence at hands of illegal gangs ex MS13, & other illegals you and other Dems fail to protect us from by supporting sanctuary cities!
I've never seen an violent gun. Its the person holding it. Worst places are where guns are banned so people can't protect themselves.
Orange won't stop or fix Steinle Shaw or the drugs sells that R funding the Ops??? DUMB???
Chuck if you represented Illinois you would have to dress in orange from head to toe. Address gangs, lenient judges.
I support you on this but doing away w/ the 2nd Amend Mr Schumer would result in 93,000 Americans killed by gun vio
Violence each year. Disarming law abiding citizens means more Americans die and that would be on your liberal head
thanks to the NRA lobby
Thank you for your leadership. I #WearOrange In honor of my brother Chet. Murdered on 3/27/92. #DisarmHate #EndGunViolence #GunSense
Name a law abiding gun owner promoting or involved in gun violence. You'll be hard pressed 2 give me an answer. Pass laws aimed at criminals
Is that because "Orange is the new Black"?
When will someone somewhere take an interest in Chicago's problems?
That is a disgusting statement, what if someone said that about white people?
Mostly guns used by people living in hopeless conditions, drawn to  gangs & Mex drugs. What have you actually done to improve their lives?
....how many of those from legal gun owners ? how many died today from illegal drugs,,distracted driving,,ISIS ? what did you do for them
Read this jerk I know you're from Milyer with it stay away from my second amendment right I've had enough of your mouth
Or Fast and Furious total FU ... ?
If you want GUN CONTROL, move to CHICAGO!
Chuck, all I can say is you're one of the slimmest politician alive! !!! Let's see some more fake tears? ????
If gun violence such problem chuck, how come don't have a conceal carry permit like you?
At least you did something
New York City, Chicago, & LA have the highest gun violence deaths . All ran by cowardly Democrats who turn a blind eye to keep their jobs.
Chuck Schumer -Today you wear orange? This insanity has been going on for years and years!!! Where the hell have you been?You should resign
Yeah they're in Chicago things to your guises help turning your back on Chicago
U might give thought to potential terrorists that yr phony opposition to the travel ban may let into US. Going to talk @ Obama's Ban? Y not?
Chuck, guns are not violent. It's the criminals, gangs, and drug dealers that use them. Having a secured boarder helps stop gangs and drugs
Guns add security for innocents in Dem controlled cities like Chicago and New York.  But Dems want to take tones away from innocents.  NO
That's great! NY has the toughest gun laws in the United States. Wear orange!  How about let law abiding citizens carry? Yep orange! Looser!
