BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
Hey chuck u had 8 years to fix it and did jack shit
Who can forget 44 promised us a lot with #Obamacare that never happened?  Cruz seems like a basic improvement!  #Cruzamendment 
I love our Democratic team. The intelligent team in America.

I want your healthcare chuckles. Why will u not let us Americans have the same healthcare as u ??
How do those elected to 'represent' us ignore the fact 80% of Americans do not want this bill. As a HR professional, I have gr8 ideas 2 fix.
No it wouldn't it's like not wanting collision on car insurance. If you didn't need mental health why pay.
Poor @tedcruz - always persecuted.
Young people don't want to pay for anything, certainly not HC ins.  Live in moms basement, game more than work.  one size doesn't fit all
It takes a rare one to lie like you do.
So now you LIKE insurance companies?
What a hypocrite u r Chuckles! When u were creating OCARE u said Insurance CO's r evil. Now you quote them for your cause! #healthcarebill
So chuck now your taking your instructions from big insurance and big pharma lol
Keep up the fight for people with #PreexistingConditions the entire senate must fight for the people.
Chuckles now siding with the insurers
This letter is inaccurate. It doesn't mention the proposed plan also has allowed 4 govt funds to kick in & help fund pls pre existing cond
thank you for keeping all informed, if all I had to read were @realDonaldTrump 's prolific and unbelievable daily lies I would be very sad!
#PutinBot
Agree #PutinBot
How much are insurers and their lobbyists "contributing" to you and your campaign Chuck?
What a surprise Chuckles. Insurance companies are against increased competition!  #healthcarebill #cronycapitalisim
Liar
Remember millions of hard working Americans and senior lost their coverage and doctors under ACA.  If you worked hard you can't afford ACA.
Cruz doesn't care about anyone but himself
For donations, the GOP will kill Americans. Intent and result.
Hey federal government. Get out of the health care business. You are no good  at http://it.Free  market
I do not buy it.  People with pre-existing conditions handle as follows - no work history go to Medicaid.  Work history go to Medicare!
How do you sleep at night Schmucky???
You know if you aint crying..you lying...and if you crying..YOU STILL LYING!!!!
#MAGA
People with preexisting condition don't need the Cruz amendment. Amendment is for those with no preexisting cond/good health to lower cost.
Blah blah blah
LIFT THE MANDATES!
I have a ? after y'all leave office do y'all get to keep the GOVERNMENT health care I would love to know
Are these the same insurers getting kickbacks to participate in Obamacare scared the pig trough going to go dry

You know it's a bad bill when even insurers don't want it
Way to take that insurance and pharmaceutical lobbyist money. You finally found a way to get some
Remember you are the party if gloom and doom. Floods, earthquakes,locust, and plagues will bestow us all if HC bill passes. OMG.
The same CEO's that fully supported ObamaCare and dropped out of the programs leaving millions with one choice.. Dems are suckers!!
Cruz is another fake Christian.
You know it's bad when Insurance co's say an ammendment is no good!Republicans are traitors to the ppl!They're motivated be pure greed!
And funny how the congressional coverage is exempt from the McConnell plan? I wonder why? Maybe because it's BAD!! #losers
Thank you for caring about the Middle Class. You have helped many of us have a better life!  Ignore the Trump Bots.
Not true Your fear tactics don't work with America any more We know u lie & spread false info
DOJ announces charges against 400 people for $1.3 billion in health ...
https://www.washingtonpost.com/.../doj-announces-charges-against-400-people-for-1-3- …... REPEAL REPEAL, HERES YOUR $
Dear GOP Representatives, if u insist on ignoring the opposition of Voting Majority, then listen to the Insurers!
Sen. where are tbe Dems updates for an improved Obama Care.Tbe Dems Voices must be  heard Now,your silence kills, Dems Improve,Reps Destroy
FALSE Lyin Chuck.  We don't want your FAILED #obamacare - the policy NOT ONE REPUBLICAN voted for.  #RepealAndReplace #ProtectOurDemocracy
Remember keep your doctor keep your plan, how many people have lost coverage all ready under ACA don't talk about those numbers, funny huh
Your doctor and/or your insurance company refused to sign a contract. It is on THEIR shoulders. Being a Payroll/Ins Mgr-I know that is FACT.
Which is why the reprehensible @SenateMajLdr and his @gop lemmings left it out of the CBO scoring. They are going to kill Americans.
Not all Americans. The 0.5% will do just fine.
Remember, health insurance is not for the insurers.
Suggest something better, do your damn job instead of constantly complaining...F your @resistancesummer
Schumer is trying to help the Middle Class while Trump/GOP are for the rich.
I'm a Canadian Christian, I have no Idea what kind of Christian's these @SenateGOP are but you don't hurt the sick or the poor you help them
That amendment is just a distraction to appease the confused....n thus sneak thru the gop tax cuts 4 rich disguised as health care bill
You are bought and paid by those crooks
@TopherSpiro #SinglePayerNow
What can we do Senator? We feel like chickens with a fox in the hen house.
Obstructionist Chuck!
@TopherSpiro Cruz should finish  "GREEN EGGS AND HAM" and shut the hell up!
Wouldn't anything a Republican does be bad @SenSchumer ? It'll be okay, trust us

Repeal and don't replace
