#Scaretactics
CHUCK stop my health ins. went from 265 a month to 600 on ur so called ACA for 2 people living to pay health ins. Stop the BS
And Many of the Older Voters Voted Trump! The Conman Conned Them!
Zzzzzzz wake me up when he tells the truth
Awful bill will significantly increase costs for Americans age 50-64. Their next step will likely be to raise the Medicare age. #GOPisevil
So true! Some of the ones that can least afford it, and I am sure old age will be a preexisting illness.
@Lorisam1973  Chuck, Dems must stop this criminal law. Stop the GOP
All Incumbents who haven't worked their asses off to get rid of Trump need to work on their resumes. Both parties will be out in 2018.
So do something, you and your Democrat buds. You call in every favor, you hustle the shit out of people/fence..whatever you can to stop this
Blah blah blah
the GOP won't be happy until the poor died faster and get rich off tax breaks for the rich and the poor will pay 5 times more
Senator, you & @HouseDemocrats & @SenateDems need yo stop/crush this AS IF YOUR POLITICAL FUTURES COLLECTIVELY DEPEND ON IT.Because it does.
Doesn't that make perfect sense, they will cost more to cover. If you had 0 car accidents and I had 10 should we pay the same amount?
If anyone had plans to retire early, think again.
Too late we had to retire early because of health issues already went through life savings 2 pay for insurance, live pay check to check...
This bill just helps the Health Insurance industry...Do all the GOP have stock in Healthcare? Ask Tom Price #Grifter
And the wealthy
Question: Is health care a right?   Maybe people are ready to understand single payer, combine economics & care, how does it add up?
if the Senate ever gets to the legislation, what comes back will look even more like former President Barack Obama’s original law.
Could Chuck.  COULD.  Stop scaring people about has NOT happened. Low even by ur standards.
Now you will have caps and astronomical hikes, if you can get coverage. You can't drop insurance either.  See the trap?
Government should set rules.
Government shouldn't be in the health care business!
Chuck, please get on board and start working with the GOP for the good of the American people
Politicians do not work for the good of the American people. Their only loyalty is to the power of their party.Democrats & Republicans alike
BS!
Not true
As it suits you you play to the elderly,women, immigrants and whoever and whatever will disrupt aRepublican Presidency. Divisive rhetoric!!!
Suddenly you are worried about the elderly??? Where have you been for the past eight years, happy and content with a Democrat as President.
It's almost as if they don't understand how insurance works. Thank you for continuing the fight!
Nobody believes you Chuckie!!!
Don't believe him - read the bill!
I don't know what to do, I have so many feelings heartbroken,sickened, damn mad, ashamed of our government. Words can't describe.
We went through our life savings paying insurance premiums all for what?To loose coverage because of preexisting or inability to afford.
Time for the Senate to work on healthcare TOGETHER. GO TO WORK.
Which means to get affordable healthcare I will be working till my death rather than enjoying traveling.
#shameonGOP
I'm so screwed
They are FN nuts!  VOTE them all out!  And fire that #TrumpMoneyLaundering PIG
Hey young Americans one day u will be older Americans
Better names than #TrumpCare 
: #TrumpDontCare #GOPdontCare
MAGA Trump
That's better than premiums going up 150 %
Don't listen to Schumer. Research for yourselves. He's twisting the facts. Obamacare is dying & everyone on it will have 0 healthcare.
You screwed up our healthcare, instead of working with them you sit and cry about it. But we pay for yours .
Why not propose a German healthcare solution at 1/2 our cost? DEMS & GOP can't give up the lobby money. OBAMACARE and TRUMPCARE = SELLOUTS!

u stole nearly a trillion dollars out of medicare to pay for the failed obamacare and now ur concerned about older americans
0/ Das an oxymoron~ can't use Trump & care in da same sentence!!!

well i'm actually okay with that.
Really Chuck? We know u don't give a shit about older Americans. Ur team stole 21k Delphi pensions from older Americans & never looked back
Stop your rhetoric, division and scare tactics. Dems are the party of hate and division
Keep fighting for us oldsters.  Thank you! 
Under #Obamacare, millions of Americans had double-digit premium increases last year. What good is insurance if you can't afford it?
Feel free to use your money to pay for whomever you wish.
OUTRAGEOUS - It's time to sweep the House clean of GOP in next year's Midterms.
You Are Wasting Our Time  Just Run For POTUS So Trump Can be A 2 Term POTUS
Nice use of the word "could". They could charge less. They could charge nothing. They could go fishing. Your tweet is meaningless.
It's not like you have the same healthcare as the rest of this country
Under you and Obama I'm already paying about 4 times as much as 2010.
Tell us about your healthcare and your deductibles, bet it's not an option for the rest of us you hypocritical p.o.s.
Wait you mean to tell me that less healthy old people who use medical services more often than healthy young people pay more? Wow 
You mean 5 times more than $353 wk? Which is what I pay now  $1400 mnth.!!
I doubt they will be paying $7,000 a month which is about 5 times what I pay now.
#Obamacare already did that
YOU & @SenGillibrand have 0 credibility on healthcare. You KNEW plans would cancel with Ocare #liar
Right now younger people are passing on insurance altogether. Older workers should pay more for more services. They are typically wealthier
@POTUS @SpeakerRyan republicans are exempted from their own plan . Love their Obamacare. This is a bullseye for the midterm elections.
please don't support this bill
THE COST ARE OUT OF CONTROL NOW, EASY FOR YOU TO PREACH WHEN YOUR EXEMPT FROM OBAMA CARE
Which would be no problem if you earned 5x your pay once you retired, but it doesn't quite work that way, does it.
So your solution is to have people who don't need as much coverage much more than those who do need it? What happened to "fairness"?
Gog Damn ri??? howls the smell??? cold print Stinger???
So since I will not be able to afford health insurance, I save money because I will die earlier and won't have to save for retirement. Nice.
Get ready! #2020 #universalhealthcare Voters will be ready after this monstrosity of a bill is passed #TrumpCare
And it's not Trump care. Can you not see the hatred you are fueling by allowing by not coming together? Ceases to be funny at some point.
@SenateDems LIAR. FAKE NEWS
Blatant age discrimination!! Karma take the wheel!!
You want to take this country and destroy it via your vitriolic lies.
Chucky your momy is going to spank you your luring
Appalling!  #Trumpcare.
@GOP making America SUCK!! Not to mention life-threatening.
Older Americans are greater risk of filing a claim. Kinda makes sense
They already do.
But would they? Is the trumpcare more sustainable? Because companies are running away from Obamacare.  Something is better than nothing
Been reading this.  Stop them because this bill is discriminatory and really bad for the country.
Older Americans should have been saving money to pay for higher health care costs. Most #Millennials can't even get a good job
This is going to be a mess.
Call out ryan for what  he is     a brown nosing money hungry Ayn RAND COMMUNIST
Tell everybody how much money he's raising   no town halls    just hob nobs with rich
Way to take care of our seniors!  Azzhats  because they don't struggle enough. Let's me it worse!
https://twitter.com/foxycuda/status/854824622901960704 …

#impeachfakepresident for #projectalamo#cybertreason

cuz billionaire con$ of #scamalot cheat 4 the win
when is the patriarchy gonna accept the fact it's always dames who crack the codew/help from menwho luv women

…
fight hard for us Sen
(2/2) Subsidize older folks who can't afford their health care. This way younger ppl aren't overcharged and seniors still have access.
Chuck... they don't care. As long as the n*s and f*s die, they do not care. Esp. when they believe in everlasting life.
(1/2) Disingenuous. ACA is 3x. Many states were 5x pre-ACA. Elderly cost 5x as much (c data). Charge elderly 5x, as their costs dictate.
What's wrong with you people? Don't you have grandparents? You want them ripped off??? Or dead? Have you NO HEARTS???? #SaveACA
And do you realize that people who had HC got it taken away and given to others for free and now they can't afford it. How is that right?
Had you bought-offs supported #MedicareForAll when you controlled Congress, we wouldn't be having these problems. But no. You didn't.
LIES
The people who need it more, are charged more. Sounds like a pyramid scheme.
Wait . . . isn't that the @gop base?
This is a matter of life or death for me. I won't be able to afford health care that will keep me alive to watch my grandchildren grow up.
Yep what has Americans come me to
So average policy is about 5000 minimum for a health young adult so if you are a healthy 50 year old who needs insurance it would be 25,000
#TrumpDontCare
Make single payer the party platform
The Republicans aren't satisfied with insurance companies making it hard to survive, they want them to be able to penalize you for doing so.
Seems reasonable, for insurance companies it is more costly to insure older people than younger people.
Hand this around their necks like an anvil, but beware GOP vote shenanigans in 2018 #voteNO #Trumpcare
Bull chucky
And yet they all seem to not GOP every election. Why?? Time for Dems to get their act together and do better. You're failing us!
@AARP agree;@RepStefanik on @aarp website;promise will"publish"vote & impact in Clifton ParkShe refuses to meet with the voters in person
Insurance industry must have it's profits. change won't affect members of Congress. GOP will probably vote themselves a raise soon too
You must help us! #VoteNo !
Whatever they charge, will be lower cost than ObamaCare. It will give americans more coverage & choices. Great healthcare plan.
So only rich old people will get good care, leaving us to our cat-food eating futures.
My only hope for a future is a wealthy child who wants to take care of me. :)
Yes. Sadly. As of last night congress left in pre-existing for themselves. I can't even. I am just going to bite my tongue.
My 93 year old mother is on NO meds and needs NO medical support other than checkups. Why should she pay more?! #trumpcare #resist
: idiot !
This is ageism. The GOP is trying to thin the AARP community.
Do they use five time more money for medical expenses on average? If yes, wouldn't that be appropriate?
Good, they use more medical services.
Please demand publication of the plan especially since congressional hc is exempt.
Omg you are such a scare monger
They want people to suffer.. WHY.. Is that not a National Security Threat? We increase a military budget to protect the dead.. 
Tax cuts for Trump. The wealthy. That's what is important. 
It's staring to seem as if the democrats are carrying water..
.@SenSchumer Have you ACTUALLY READ the bill? 
If so PLEASE document where Americans can READ it
One point not made often or forcefully enough: the lie at the core of "you'll still have access to insurance". 1/
Access means I have the right to buy Trump Tower; economic reality means I can't. Charging insane amounts for healthcare gives me access 2/
Economic reality means I can't realistically use that access. Ditto for insurance - charge $15,000 a month and call that access? Monstrous!
Exactly the Lie. Best part is the bill exempted republicans in congress. They must hate how much they love benefits of Obamacare.
BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BS BS BS  BLAH BLAH BLAH
It literally allows 5x the premium charge for 'higher risk' people?
I guess everyone will soon find out how GREAT Obamacare was!
Yeah...its so great..thats why you are on it unsubsidized...right????
Well, that sounds like a lot Chuck. As a 46 year old, I don't think I would support this.
And because this is not affordable, it translates into no care for those who are older.  DEATH, actually.
Chuck Schumer is a very dangerous libtard term limits come to mind when I think of him
Don't believe all these lies.
