trump has no idea what he is doing and needs to be impeached.
You have no idea what your talking about move to Denmark & say good by to your God given rights to your freedom
oh, here come all the nasty, mad trumpites.
We're not nasty we just don't live in a dream world of socialism were its utopia we work hard for a lvg.&don't need Gov. To hold our hand
I am an Accountant so thank you I do have a job. No one has ever held my hand, raised 2 sons, both in medicine, mortgage, cancer.
Sorry about your cancer sir my facts are straight but you live in a dream world
Obstructionist Democraps! Need we say more?
Chuck, you've held offices since 1975. It's time for you to retire!

however partisan hack we have seen you try and stop American progress at each turn
And the "CROWNING Achievement " of Dems is what? ACA? It is Bankrupt Sir, Bankrupt. Your a big part of the problem. Wake up!
Chuck, Chuck, Chuck, why are you still stuck in the closet. Just turn the handle and come out and see all of the good things
There was a helipad built at Mar-a-lago. Does that count as infrastructure?  He had to hire more foreigners for his resort too. JOBS JOBS 
You haven't seen anything with job creation? You made my point. @POTUS would be ignorant to do give the libtards any infrastructure.
PRESIDENT TRUMP has done more than Obama did in 8yrs & WE APPROVE so stop your childess ways an grow up
You Mamie bear are a complete idiot. Come out of the corner. Joins the real world. #TrumpRussiaCollusion #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
he thinks bombing covers all 3
@POTUS @JEFFSESSIONS @4US_WORKERS AT LEAST HE'S NOT WORKING WITH NASSCOM TO GIVE ALL AMERICAN PROFESSIONAL JOBS TO INDIA, LIKE YOU DID!

Stop blocking his cabinet
You're full of it, or yourself. No difference...
Please behave like a rational adult.  You loose credibility every time you speak, and sound like you have a tinfoil hat on.
you've done nothing to help him! You are acting like a scorned brat. Not like a pro. You don't care if this country gets better
Hard to help someone who doesn't want help.
I know! They all make me so angry!
Let's face...Dems can't help. They are being purposefully left out of the loop. Ryan has outright said as much.
Tell me something Dems have supported of trump?
hes not a politician. He sees what's wrong with this country he wants to help.
Im sorry @SenSchumer I couldnt hear how bad  @realDonaldTrump  is over the noise of you sucking!
Ditto on last 8 yrs. p.s. U got Senate in 06
Or 08? Balanced budget submitted how many times?
GUESS WHAT? ELECTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES,I THINK YOUR PRESIDENT SAID THAT.
Because u & the rest of ur dog dem racist bigots party keep placing road blocks If u were a true American u would be trying to help this adm
Lucky u got reelected, next time you will be out, disappointed in you.
Chuck for eight years u double our deficit and lost millions of jobs why did you cry about that. You need to come to reality.out of Touch
He's done more than obummer did in 8 years so grow up chucky
8 years of Obama and we see nothing but a failed health bill .Schumer you need to wake up and take off those blind glasses.
So you must be blind or myopic.
Go to Optometrist !!! 
@POTUS @washingtonpost @SenWarren @seanhannity @AnnCoulter @nypost 
So you must be blind or myopic.
Go to Optometrist !!! 
In time a-h, in good time!  When's the last time you've help do anything positive for my country?
yeah, because youre obstructing him all the time
You know its bad when Scumner is believing his own PR.
True. He is doing nothing constructive.  All he does is tear down and destroy.
your obstructionist! Your state needs to replace you!
Don't you mean 13?
And we have seen nothing from you or @NancyPelosi or @SenWarren except tantrums.  You work for #WeThePeople so do your job!
So it has been 11 weeks?  It took 8 years to get us in the situation we are in.  What have YOU done for America lately? #MAGA
Do u think he did the right thing w/ Syria?
GOP cut the mess out of infrastructure in Pres O budget. they will let his fly as they did his cab picks & SCJustice pick. Suspend the rules
Just like the wall,don't you want to stop the flow of drugs,criminals into USA,wall would help slow it down
Hard to do anything when Dems fight u all the way.resist,resist.all my friends say they will never vote for Dems again.
Keep it up! 2018 you will loose 10 seats
8 years of Obama and we got nothing but more welfare and freebies. Plus the worst health care bill ever. I lost my insurance cause of it
He keeps the employees at his golf clubs busy & employed.
And what have u done pray tell?
Those difficult tasks require govt. #PresidentBannon @realDonaldTrump and @mike_pence have been too busy dismantling govt & hurting people.
Schemer Schumer needs to get a clue or get the heck out!
And what did Obama accomplish. He helped Iran with their weapons initiative
You won't even let him have his Cabinet, give me a break! He's accomplished more in his Presidency than Obama did in 8 yrs...
8 years of Obama and we saw nothing. Oops......sorry, my bad, the national debt did double, Vets died in VA, gave Iran billions and.....
2 weeks and your are very proud of assaulting a woman in a restaurant. So proud! Do you look in the mirror in the morning and smile over it?
8 years of obamas executive orders strangled our economy, almost collapsed our system, our healthcare,our foreign policy, n korea,iran,syria
What are you blind?
To busy going to golfing on tax payer $. Washington needs some politicians with back bone. This @realDonaldTrump admin is unqualified
Thanks to your side slow walking his appointments.
But we have a Supreme Court justice can't want for justice two. Thank you demos and Harry Reid
For one thing president Trump has the balls to bomb Syria poor innocent wemen, men, and children dying. Obama did nothing
Nothing in 8 yrs of Obama !  Stay tuned it's coming !! 
He's only been in office for 70 days. What did Obama do in 8 years nada
Then you haven't been paying attention. But we already knew that.
I seen  more jobs created in the private sector so that is a win. Why don't you make a infrastructure bill then and stop crying.
New York looks like hell! I know because I live there! None of us have seen you do anything to fix it
LOL Yeah OK nice try! He's done more in 10 weeks then Obama did in eight years! And probably more than you've done in your entire term!
what have we seen from you? Nothing but negativity.
Well, try letting him do something instead of trying to block everything, crybaby!
He conveniently bombed Syria not based on humanitarian principles but to distract and delay
Done ten times more than your ISIS buddy Obama. Low jobs this month but only been there 11 weeks.better look at your disgusting record!
waste of tax payers money, Now I know why I am Independent so I wouldn't have to vote for losers like the democrats who whine and complain
against Trump at every corner sorry to let you know SHE LOST get over it You and the rest of the democrats are disrespectful, vindictive
then Obama in 8 years you all had it easy with him doing nothing like now we are wasting out taxes on you for not doing your job you go
And we haven't seen you do anything either except be disrespectful to Trump and for the record he has done more in his less than 100 days
8 years of democratic rule and Jobs werent even mentioned. Your a phoney and a liar!
Are you even paying att.to your own tweet? 11 weeks day 78. You are laughable
That's because @realDonaldTrump doesn't have a clue, not one iota. He's like Homer Simpson running rogue in the WH. Dire repercussions.
Really. What have you accomplished that is constructive and for the betterment of citizens of USA.
Stop blocking everything
Looking forward to obstructionist Democrats like u to lose more seats in 2018!
Karma will catch up to him.
Only destruction and hate.
yet he is creating more jobs per month than any month Durning the Dems and Odumbo adminstration!!!
@betabozo on. They can't fool everyone Senator Schumer, keep up the great job you're doing.
@betabozo didn't really demote bannon, it's all show 2 deflect from investigation, putin isn't angry with trump either, it's put
@betabozo he's probably waiting 4 message from putin delivered by one of their go between telling him what to do next. Trump
That's because your sorry ass keeps blocking him at every turn.
He's too tired of winning!
Lol Chuck!  Give it up.
Yeah but he's zapped an empty airfield, play fair.
It would be nice to see what his plans are moving forward.
That's because I don't know how to create jobs. I'm so used to running companies out of business like I did in Atlantic City hand putting...
people out of work. How do I create jobs? Do I actually pay workers when they work on my projects. I don't know how this actually works.
You are so full of bull. Anyone that can think knows you are a liar. He is saving America and has saved more jobs than the last 5 pres's.
Join the Team. America is going to be great for everyone
We have seen an amazing supreme court justice who will be sworn in.
Almost Fifty years and u haven't done shit
You got that right.
If you & your stupid Lib friends didn't block him at every turn he'd have everything done! You're the most partisan person in all America!
Which is nutty because we can all get behind infrastructure! 
Schumer cut that mop on your head. You're pathetic and an obstructionist.
And yet job creation is soaring....
#DoYourJob #doyour
#Maga
#masa
Because of you and the rest of the obstructionist democrats have fought him every minute of those 11 weeks Cuckie Boy. Try to help America!
Schumer you are a complete joke An disgrace to your party. And do is your spad out on who knows what friend Paloski
Rich coming from a pac puppet with no results over the last 20 yrs
Shut up Schumer. Our President has a ton of work to do and how do you help... by being as derisive as you can. That's hindering Chuck.
And then you complain complain complain that's what you do complain complain and complain. Then you complain complain and complain. Sick pup
what are your accomplishments Chuckie?
You really do not have a clue. Too bad you are blind to reality
@JoeNBC @Lawrence Now Senator you and the Dem's can make no deals with GOP. Let it all shut down. It will hurt me. Still Break Them.
How many years you been in office and we've seen nothing but job killing regulations from you
Mr Schumer, we haven't seen all that from @realDonaldTrump cause he is too busy fucking his daughter and screwing the US with foreign policy
he's been to busy cleaning up the crap you all left and seem unable to do it yourself
Your a mut
No thanks to you
what are you going to do about Gov. Cuomo and his free college for some! Another example why Dems are losing. You can't keep raising our
taxes and not offering all our children this program
Seriously you want to go with "nothing on job creation?"
Because of you blah blah blah
Oh yea chucky, congrats to you and the rest of your dems on getting Justice Gorsuch confirmed. Glad you guys finally saw the light.
8 year of, Nancy , President Obama & Chucky we've seen nothing but Robbery and National Debt more than double! Get to work Chucky & Nancy!
seriously if you had a radio or TV show it would be hard to listen to you for more than a sentence.
Hey Chuck.  You are such a tedious repetitious bore you couldn't inspire a flea to jump. Same old same old chuck.
Do you ever notice nobody mentions infrastructure except to bash Trump for not working on it?
19 years into your term as thief of the American people and what have you done but be a political hack and pander to big dollars
DA Chuckie speaks again
Yes, ur right. Have you offered any ideas to him?
Have you been asleep? Or just too busy resisting? You & Pelosi wake up everyday to criticize the President instead of working with the Pres.
NOW that the world realizes @POTUS is NOT Putins buddy what new scandal will @TheDemocrats concoct??? @RepAdamSchiff 
@DevinNunes @LevinTV
He's to busy protecting himself from all the deceit and investigations going on over him. Smarten up, start impeachment  ASAP.
Huh? Go back to sleep chuck
You and the rest of the dems are trying so hard to sound legit but are so weak and whiny.  Don't you get it yet? Duh! America spoke. Trump!
Okay best statement in months from you . But you need to add getting illegals out and building the wall
You must have really been upset about the last admin. Obama did nothing for eight years.
What did Obama do in 8-years? We saw nothing on building anything But Debt!!! And No Job creation whatsoever!! Chucky!!!
Gorsuch made it!  You failed your progressive base, what a shame.
And we never will!!! LOCK HIM UP!!!!!!
8 yrs of obummer and we didnt see any of those things .
For 8 years under Obama we didn't see it.
A lot of *ullshit, distractions from Trump's collusion, corrupt associations & confirmation that Republicans in Congress are for themselves!
Actually today watching @NHK news big deal between Japan & Texas for a complete package high speed rail system. Another for DC-NY in works
Want to compare POTUS 11 wks against your dismal record?
We've seen job losses, businesses closing, oil prices up, treason/vote hacking, botched Yemen raid and Syria's PR stunt attack to deflect.
I think you're confused
Bullshit.
You've lost all credibility by backing Trumps ILLEGAL #WarCrimes operation backed by Russia. You're comprised and just lost all respect
Welcome to the last eight years of our lives...WTF have you been 'Senator'?!
Delusional chunkie
As if u have done anything. Ur "boy" Obama couldn't get anything accomplished
lol your like a little child that just got your rear spanked
Well historically, war is a tried and true jobs creator, isn't it?
what planet do you live on Chuckie?
Why are you going on vacation?????
Like you would support it anyway...but nice try!
SHUT UP!!! I'm so SICK of your LYING, CORRUPT, ON THE TAKE mouth!! Just SHUT UP! Your x IS coming buddy! Wait & see! Until then, SHUT UP!!
Only thing 45 knows how to do is to undo Obama's EO.  Sad!
Shaddup #Hater
