Who will fix it when he launches a nuclear strike?
He has confessed to sexual assault and there's a mountain of evidence of conspiracy w/ Russia. Why is he still in office?
No evidence of anything with Russia. Too much mainstream media or Colbert watching. Sexual assault? Please.
Plenty of evidence on Russia.  You don’t get that info in your bubble.
After more than 10 months - Nada.
Plenty
Did Kimmel or Colbert come up with something?
Nah investigative journalists.  And you better believe if a journalist can find 60 million in cash pumped through Manafort Mueller has more.
It is not we Democrats job to keep Republicans from hurting Americans.  That is the voters job. We shouldn’t negotiate from that point.
Republicans have neither the competence nor desire to replace the ACA.  Their voters should be forced to face that.
Look in the mirror, Chuck, if you want to see a failure. You are just another empty suit, political hack.
. We need a few good republicans to say, "enough!"
What is a good Republican?
He’s a psychopath.

Obama to a tee...research him, truth n not the MSM contrived Obama...
Cite your sources.
2num 140 charac-google Obama/mother/SS#/Davis/records/books/etc-dig-u want truth it’s n full view
You win the weirdest tweeter award for sure. Congrats.
thank u-weird questionable, bt truth always the desired result-be brave, step out of ur box-peace
cute tho....liberals actually do "step out of our box" we just dont listen 2 crackpots like @RealAlexJones bc we r actually sane
All you do is complain! You have refused to work & do the job you were elected to do. You & Pelosi have been useless & will be voted out!
The President of the USA does not pass the legislations, he can sign or veto. Congress has the duty to pass the agendas send to the president to sign it.
You, Nancy, Maxine, Schiff, McCain, and other Libtards will be gone in the next elections!! Obstruction will be your downfall. Get to work!!
Ty
*How dare you insult those of us who voted for Trump. If you & your party had worked for the American people the outcome may have different.
Go away Chuck you suck.
He Thinks by Taring Down - He'll be able to rebuild , Folks are just Loosing Their Minds about this Country ..
Stay tuned buddy!  That’s a basic military strategy!  I served so I know.
Shh.......can you here it? Don't be alarmed, its just the sniveling & whimpering of the losing team 
And, it's "HEAR".
I swear one of these days I'm going to find a way to turn off auto-spell check corrections! Gotten so I have to correct what IPad corrects
He’s just throwing bones out there for you And the media to chew on while he’s busy making America great
We're counting on you and other Democrats to quit tweeting, quit talking and Take Action!!!
There's no business like show business!
Why do none of NYC doctors accept Obamacare? As couple we pay$13k premium . $6k deductible & have to pay all out of pocket ? So why have it
You must mean do the Job that they you and others refuse to do.....
Make Congress functional again!!! Support the House Problem Solvers Caucus and the @NoLabelsOrg movement. Form a similar effort in Senate.
Then golfs
So what are Dems going to do about it? Get focused! 2018 is going to come and go and you still won’t be organized enough to change anything
Mr. Schemer it IS y'alls job to fix it, Do what the #American People hired you to do. Our POTUS is leading, Is U who fail
Everyone knows congress can’t do crap. It’s “Out of Order”.
First Branch prefers posturing to governing. Treaties w/o Senate? Be real; take responsibility; quit grandstanding.
Don the con DOTARD liddle hand POtuS
Chuckles Shumer you clowns are the throwing roadblocks at every level, yet you blame the President. Sad, so sad.
Modus Operandi: break whatever Obama did, tell someone else to fix it, then blame Obama
Do nothing about him and the republicans own this moron.
BC you created those messes. Senator, that dusty space between your ears is supposed to have a brain. Pls, see a neurosurgeon.
GOP CHEERS AS TRUMP DESTROYS LIVES
Should've fixed it in the first place it was your problem to begin with but of course like anything else your truck your duties
stop making deals w him
The time has come. #ImpeachTrumpNow Keep the US from further turmoil. 
#25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump #impeach #25thAmendment
Looks more like 45 leading Russia than leading USA and defending the #Constitution Grounds for #Impeachment or better enact #25thAmendment
how is he leading russia??
His speech and actions speak 4 themselves. Not that a Russian Bot deserves an explanation for Me using My 1st Amendment Rights #25ththe45th
what actions? you made a statement. back it up
I'll need way more than 140 Characters but this short Video will suffice for now. Hard to have a real convo with a BlahBlah #Bot #Troll
try harder Paula #Bot #Troll
Conversation was over hours sorry you didn't get the memo  BlahBlah Done responding to a #dtrumptwall
cause you have nothing
I don't care what he does, work on saving people in Puerto Rico and oppose everything he does.
Amen.
Sick of this shit. If he wants to hand it to senate & congress, good. Get to work. I would rather see them working on these issue than trump
Absolutely, but he keeps using 1 disaster to distract from the other. PR  is now manufactured by Trumps lack of interest/competency. Health-
Stop swallowing the party line and educate yourselves! The Dems. Have nothing to offer. Nothing. Don't you get that?
Your words, much like the teeth you lie through, are false.
I’d have him checked out by a qualified team of doctors. He’s destroying our country!
Ignoring, of course, is congress's job
M.O is clearly that of Russia - complete attempted takedown of Washington through dismantling of agencies and polarizing issues.
Stop playing nice with him. We need your leadership to get 45 impeached.
Because it was always congresses job to fix these issues. You pretend to care. Power and money is your god.
“Do it yourself government”. WTH
I think it's a sick, "look ov there. I w do outrageous shit just so u forget that when Mueller catches up, I'M SCREWED". OR: he is a moron.
Hey chuck, Donny not your friend anymore. What did you do to him. Did you call him a moron too?
ITS YOUR JOB STUPID FIX IT IRAN, HEALTH CARE & TAX BILL   WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU WERE ELECTED TO DO JUST INSULT THE PRESIDENT STUPID
Add Flint to that list. May not have happened during his term, but it is still an issue and he is potus.
And.. Add California fires and Las Vegas mass killings.
He's lazy. And he considers all the other citizens and Congress his "minions." Please DO something! He's destroying our country.
Mark my words. If he is able to run in 2020, it's going to be the "I'm working really hard but Congress is so unfair& stupid" tour Strategy.
That’s the plan do he and Bannon can support Nationalists instead of republicans and Russia can get back to hacking. USA could be lost

Full Stop.
Gonna have2do better than this @SenSchumer u lead the minority in @SenateDems think you need 2fight back harder. Ppl will stand w/u if u do
Yes!  Throw bones to his base so he looks like he's doing what he promised.  How troubled that base must be to find his actions good!
No he's actually doing exactly what he promises.
One day you will get it, his promises were empty and this is all an appearance.  Wait until someone you love can no longer afford healthcare
I can't afford Health insurance now thanks to Odummy
But tons of people can who never could before.  Go talk to the greedy insurance companies & try looking outside just yourself
Only 9 million are enrolled in the scam.  You need to look outside of yourself.
Actually, all I read from you is I, I, I.  Under his plan 22mil will be without - preying on the poor and elderly.  Not just you
Do you pull these number out of YOUR ass?  ONLY 9 MILLION PPL are enrolled in the SCAM
you are such a hypocrite.your time is done.
Our cowardly, cruel so-called President.
Chuck you dems broke the Obamacare, you broke the Iran deal, you busted the budget, you spent taxpayers $20T in debt

Appreciate @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @SenWarren @SenatorCollins et al 4 speaking out. But WHAT do u plan to do to #StopTrump? #25thAmendment
Yep. We're all gonna fly the flag upside down as a sign of distress. Pathetic. 
Perhaps you prefer obama who did  all if those deals behind cobgres's back? Iran deal in dark if night. Unconstitutional and illegal.
Pretty much everything Obama put in place was illegal and unconstitutional.  Struck down by Supreme Court 12 Times plus more in lower courts
Yet no peep out of press or Dems during his reign as fake president. Pres should unseal obama's documents
Yes! That would get rid of the fake news. #MSM would all die of hysteria. Truth—their icon was prepped by SOROS fr childhood to destroy USA.
If not, then u will complain of executive overreach. Senate needs to do the jobs they are paid to do!
One thing about Schumer, Wilson, and a good portion of the Democrat government. They have done well destroying the democratic platform.
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled don't care American families and democratic care about them self only
Schumer, Pelosi, Wilson can only offer destructive criticism. Believe me, America is watching and your childish actions will be your demise.
America needs to throw Trump out of office. He has no right being in that position.
You are so right Mr. Schumer, lies he tells by the minute and McConnell@ the gang allows America to look weak, untrustworthy.republicans must go
THATS RIGHT STUPID YOUR JOB TO FIX HEALTH CARE, PUERTO RICO,  & IRAN DEAL NOT THE PRESIDENT OF THE USA. HE IS LEADING BY EXEXECUTIVE ORDER
DACA
Hmm. Temporarily restricted account.

Trump is a tool of Putin!

That is disingenuous since your party is 100% responsible for the health care disaster.
It's like he's drunk on his own Vintage Ineptitude
Sexual assault yes. Read reports. He's a disaster
Shamer he knows your not going to fix anything
TRUMPS GOAL IS TO HAVE CLEAN HANDS. SO HE CAN INSULT, BASH, AND DENIGRATE THE GOP PARTY. TRUMP IS NOT A REPUBLICAN. HE'S WHITE NATIONALIST
WHEN HIS HANDS ARE "CLEAN" HE GOES WITH BANNON AND GORKA AND TAG TEAMS FOR OTHER CRAZY WHITE NATIONALISTS TO FILL SEATS.
WE CAN ONLY HOPE THE STRESS IS TOO MUCH FOR HIM. AND HE STROKES OUT.
You need to take some lessons on leadership yourself Chuck
@POTUS  swore to uphold law. The ACA is law. Isn't sabotaging the law a violation of his oath?
@POTUS just trying to fix what you Democrats screwed up the last eight years
Boasted about wrecking insurance company stocks--that is plain crazy.
Haters will away hate
Doncon only doing GOP wants to him to do while they do their back doors deals
Chuckie boy you as part of Congress have been promising the Citizens of the UNITED STATES FOR EIGHT YEARS YOU WILL FIX IT NOW YOU HAVE TO
Please #25thAmendment45
You don't like free speech or the right to bare firearms yet you thought the 25th. #Hypocrite
Just because Obama relieved you of all Congressional authority for his dubious policies does not mean these issues don't belong to you.
Why is he still there? 

#25thAmendmentNow 
#MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
Because he is making America great again!!!!tough, backbone, brilliant, stock market all time high. Getting rid of freeloaders living off me
That's your job SCHMUCK 
 Do something
He is a loose cannon.  We know that.  The world is waiting for congress to do something about it.  Congress is a co-equal branch.  Do it!
US Consumer Sentiment climbed to a 13 yr high 101.1 n Oct from 95.1 n Sep. Economic conditions increased to 116.4 from 111.7 Expectations rose to 91.3 from 84.4. For # to move 5 & 6 pts that normally only move 10th of a % I call @POTUS powerful leadership #MAGA
That’s your job to fix it. So stop blaming trump and get to work.
Finally a president who acts within the law, unlike what we had for the last 8 yrs.
Illegals73%-1.07MUS jobs-$850B US investments-$502T in Stock Mrkt-Gorsuch-Paris Climate AccordTPP-$560M saved by deregulation
That is what Congress is suppose to do fix the problems. But Congress is doing nothing.
Congress needs to get to work. DO YOUR JOB!
Why not Congress created the mess! Take responsibility for once
Well said. Stuck with Donald the Moron for a little while, so you and your colleagues will have to stand up and fight for the country.
Drag those Democrats further to the left Beyond Where centralist and Independence will go
Accurate
Chuck, all the President has done is to not certify Irans compliance.  Finally Congress can give their support or not for this Obozo deal.
He leads by keeping everything in chaos. Old-school management approach  to keep the "little people" busy lest they question your authority
There you go, as usual, Chuckie, twisting the truth until it's unrecognizable. What's worse, you have that gloating smirk on your face because you know you're a liar.
No. What he’s trying to do schumer is fix the 100% PARTISAN, osbamacare garbage healthcare law. 100% Democrats , not 1 Republican vote.
come up with alternative and prove it. Otherwise shot up.
No comment..
Schumer, you knew how ignorant Trump was and is. No need to act surprised in any future responses about Trump.
You hated the #IranDeal remember - the subsidies were illegal bc U never funded them and Puerto Rico was a disaster b4 Maria #MTP #Thisweek
Trump is doing a great great job in Washington. I hope he keeps doing more of it.
Because he thinks he's a king.
Chuck Schumer is a smuck, 
E I E I O
And every time Chucky speaks
He sounds like an a-hole
You all didnt work for 8yrs,u do nothing for the people that voted for u,all you do is obstruct,all u all care about is your pocket!!
Why dont you work on it . You are the bad apple in the box time to go
spot on AND he tweet bs to distract and divide  #trumpmustgo
Trump is not even in the same league as Obama
He is forcing you guys to do your job! Thats why Congress is so unpopular, you dont do anything but Bloviate and hoorumph! Useless Windbags
All issues should have been addressed a long time ago, your pissed because you have to acullally work!
Let's ask one thing there DICK what have you done all the years you been in office absolutely nothing
@ yes ole chuck you created it know be man enough to fix obomas & kerrys mess it's your swamp clean it
as far as health care , all i see is a bunch of idiots replacing one bad system with another ... NONE of you have the right system
Because thats their job
Do your job Chucky, or go home!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Cut off payments to insurers and ask Dems to fix system knowing that, unlike their GOP counterparts, Dems won't let people die. #TrumpRussia
That is how government work you fix and he sign off on it
Main purpose for @POTUS seems to be getting back at OBAMA for the ROAST in 2011. #SAVEUS!

But Chuck, you failed to lead and have thrown your party down the drain. You bleed us middle class dry and we are done.
Drain the swamp, starting with you.
Impeach him, for the sake of our country!
Then start leading instead of obstructing. You're nothing more than an Elite Soros puppet.
Look at you Schumer who has a dismal failure at leading your party! Like you should even talk.
Only been in office 9 mos
Be Bold Schumer! Lead! Out loud & in front! More people, more diversity, less big money, call to democracy everywhere! We want a hand up!
Please!!  Senator Schumer, democrats must campaign in 18 on this:  Give us control of both houses and we will impeach Trump.  It's a winner!
Senator Schumer if you see this message out of the sea of msgs...

Demand Trump PROVE his claims of Iran Foul Play!
And WTH do you think congress is there for??
Amendment 25, and continue Russia investigation for the rest of the criminals around him.
25th amendment what is the holdup  he has proven he is unfit!!
So fix it. But first things first. Impeach the MANIAC DOTARD.  SOONER rather than later.
So what exactly IS your job?
More like giving you the opportunity to do your job for once mr lying failure.
Can Democrats take Executive Order to court Health Care Coverage?
@BarbL219 @POTUS
WHAT KIND OF MORONS WOULD GIVE 150 BILLION TO A SWORN ENEMY OF THE UNITED STATES CHUCK?
Go away
Sorry. But people in trumps campaign will be prosecuted. Wake up
At least he's not a fairy
I do believe you may have been out in the sun too long and sunny Arizona because this isn't even funny it's shameful
Let #TrumpCare fully affect the people. Do NOT go to the negotiating table. Forcing your hand is not a solution. Let this bury him/base.
Who is going to beat Potus? We need to be on this now.
You don't have many followers Schumer, Introducing the Real Chuck Schumer 8 years your helped destroy America.... Trump is fixing it!
Well gee you big dope whose job do you really think it is to fix this mess. If it were Trump's he would let you guys all go home.
 do your job!

You guys should have done it right and stop playing games with the Americans. Your healthcare is platinum. Do your job or leave
Please stop the school yard fights and get back 2 work n work with @POTUS. He won, DNC lost, we hv a process here. Do your job now or leave
That’s your job Chuckie! You got lazy w BHO just making laws that were congress’s to make. DO what you’re PAID to do!!
@SenSchumer Schmuckers MO failure to act and to do what is right for the country. #MAGA
Iran obama administration and you DEMs paid for Iran to develop the bomb! And they have it! Iran never complied with the deal!
This! All day long
Keep crying







You should be a comedian.What   have  you and  congress  ever fixed?
Obama failed. Trump is a true leader
Why do Trump supporters always go back to past presidents and can never debate the issues at hand?
FAILURE DJT? R u sure did not mean BHO? Double Natl Debt in 8 years! Solyndra! Cash for clunkers! Nuclear material to Iran! Liberal A/C
Throws a bone to you bunch of dogs. What’s the matter, don’t like be pushed into doing your jobs
Every morning is a new surprise.   Isn't it just  a miracle?
Congress may actually have to do something for a change.
Shut up
Isn’t that what Congress supposed to do. However Democrats like to throw stones in their do nothing but resist mode. Your leadership is poor
Article 25
You don't like free speech or the right to bare firearms yet you thought the 25th. #Hypocrite
But only after he has screwed it up so bad that it is almost unfixable.. you can't bring the needless deaths in PR back to life.
What are the Democrats going to do about it?
Don't be a Schmuck, Chuck. Your MO: Fix nothing. Lie about everything. Offer no solutions or plans.Blame everything on @POTUS & Republicans
IMPEACH!!
Failure to lead ? Kinda like Congress failing to legislate .
He wants to shift blame in case it can’t be fixed, he will blame Congress and say he did what he could. EOD, Trump owns the mistakes alone!
Spot on. If @POTUS is as great a negotiator as he boasts, why doesn't he engage & negotiate? Needs to start working & stop playing golf.
LIAR. He's leading. You angry democrats r the problem. You scream and fight and block all he's trying to do for good of country. SHAME
But Chuck, if that buffoon didn't throw it to Congress, he'd toss it to Jared Kushner who would, in turn, forget to write it down. Thank God
What is the Senate doing about this President?  Americans are depending on our Legislative Branch of Government to push back!
They're busy resisting instead of working 
No Haney.  He did them with Congress's help
#puertorico an absolute failure and a shame
Another take: Follows the law and the people that elected him to stop Dem corruption and stupidity.
If Congress can't fix it, potus will kill it. Best thing that could happen. Do your job.
Funny guy
Sorry Charlie u & obama own failure to lead mantra 8 yrs no tax cuts most entitlements most unemployed most food stamps most debt ever
Why do we have congress?  Get to work you camera hog
Not enough Dems are screaming about this.  There should an uproar heard on the moon.
Gonna Save this tweet for one Charles tells us that Trump overstepped his boundaries which the hypocrite will complain about agai.
The man is mentally challenged and the republicans enable his bad behavior . He is unfit to run our government and do r they
Agreed! So what is Congress going to do to stop this destruction??? Please do something and STOP his madness! PLEASE!
Do your job Chuck. Stop crying and go to work!
Why arer you standing by your man
Isn't this the man who said," I alone can fix it." ?
Senator; PLEASE get rid of the disaster in the WH! Use the 25th to get him out! You represent the people!
Congress has been doing nothing for decades.Wake up and do something u waste of tax payers money. U should all be gone!

He buys what he's sold & repeats what gets repeated, for ratings & crowd size, America be damned.
Awwww go cry about it Chuckie
