Based on everything I'm hearing this weekend, I can't overstate how real the threat of ACA repeal is.
It's exhausting. Like a game of whack-a-mole, trying to stop the money grubbing mean-ness.
This.
#MedicareForAll
Why haven't y'all restricted his power while under investigation? On outside looking and I see all the corruption spewing from wh!
Yes wth?
I'm really seeing government is truly broken system. And feel that we are slaves to a system that only works for those who makes the laws!
And let's also let our voices be heard in taking action to lowering prescription drug  costs for American citizens.
Still collecting a quarter million a year, or so,  from #BigPharma  Cory?
really stoopid timing on placating the Bernie Sanders wing
Amen.
Yes, Dems need to address this imminent threat to ACA and table "Healthcare for All" for now; it's not happening this month.
It's can't happen for years due to make up of House & Senate.
Another brain trust who has NO idea or who has even read what Obamacare really is...& he wants to run for President! 
#Booker2020
Listen we have lifes to live over here. Cant spend the next whatever fighting people we elect. FIX IT!!!
We need to stop electing them. #Vote Every Time #ItsYourDuty
i wish i had a senator in my state that would listen @JohnCornyn @tedcruz   but they wont. i will call anyway
Cory, why are Dems lining up to back a single payer bill that will not pass? Why aren't we lining up to back achievable fixes to the ACA?
I'm guessing a tactic to get Republicans to cooperate.
How so?
My guess is that "Either help us fix ACA or we'll just push for single payer" threat. Who knows how their minds work. Deals all the time.
Idk, it feels like the 80 votes to repeal the ACA to me. Something that will not happen to score political points. I want universal coverage
It's not healthcare, it's government extortion.
Cory, were getting tired.
2 satisfy the far rt 36% approvers and/or black money into Repubs'  coffers? Whatever the payoff, it's big.
Someone could shoot us in the middle of 5th avenue & if we can't afford to have the bullet removed no GOP will care.
If @GOP doesn't care about one life on 5th Ave, they won't millions in NK.
& US either.
I cannot understand why @LindseyGrahamSC wants to hurt Americans.
What was he promised?
And do what with ACA? Designed to fail and open door for single payer disaster!
What can w do to stop this?
@benwikler  Obamacare is the real threat !! Where have you been
Time to step up the calls!
For the love of the Jersey Shore, would the Senator from NJ please step in and do something???
#MedicareForAll

Please RT dates of Enrollment.
Nov 1st to Dec 15th
I/We hear you. We are bombarded w/ superfluous and shallow news. Soliciting important news is not easy. Where do we go for it in real time?
Stop caving in to @SenSanders and his BernieBellows, we need real Democrats working for us, not a fake one and Medicare for All. Not Now!
Republicans finally have a bill harsh enough they can get behind. Waiting on a bill that will kill the most poor, getting the most bang.
It truly makes you wonder.
How?!
"The threat is real!" Um, YOU'RE part of the threat to the entire world, dude. Stop acting like a saint.
Call your Senator NOW!
 GOP Senators meeting tomorrow to discuss ACA repeal. FLOOD THEIR PHONES NOW. 

SHARE => 
http://Study.Call  Reps.
Sick & tired of having 2 defend my life from my govn. Give it a rest. U know Americans don't want this, so clean out ur ears, listen up!
You'll never be president if you don't grow a spine and play hardball with republicans. Stand up for the little guy, stand up for US
Maybe Sanders' timing was premature.
They are liars.
I had heard Rand Paul is a firm no; do you think Collins and Murkowski are likely to reverse their earlier positions? (Or McCain?)
Can Rand Paul be trusted? He has said that before- and voted yes. 
U forgot the othr part.REPLACE! REPEAL & REPLACE! R ur premiums doublng nxt year? A lot r! Can u find a doc who accpts OCare? They're gone!
DEMOCRATS CONGRESS WANT TO MURDER AMERICAN FAMILY'S 
ALL FOR IMMIGRATION
HEATH CARE NOT FOR AMERICAN PEOPLE &CHILDREN 
IT'S  FOR IMMIGRATION
When will CBO score this
Bernie has nothing to do with the horrible GOP trying once again to harm the american people, these rabid monsters r determined to do harm
Healthcare needs reform. Do ur jobs!
We have to stop it like now!
The "Swamp" has transformed into an Oligarchical, gold-plated jacuzzi hot tub. I feel the leaders no longer listening to the public.
The word craven coming from your mouth is pretty damn funny.
Well, maybe you and that loser bernie should have laid off of that medicare for all crap.
Done! Who's with me?
We need the Democrats to go on television and SCREAM!!!
Call (202) 224-3121. Tell your Senators to vote against the destructive and dangerous Graham-Cassidy bill to repeal the ACA. Inundate DC now
If this happens, the civil unrest will be real, and bad things will happen! I fear civil unrest, when lives are at risk, the game changes!
@MalcolmNance @benwikler You should have thought about that before embracing single payer now before reconciliation was done
Repeal ACA.
It's a threat for welfare recipients not working people

Why don't we hear from Dems leadership?
Healthcare for all
About time get rid of the government thieves.
While the GOP destroys the life saving ACA, useful idiot Sanders is distracting Democrats with his dead in the water Single Payer bill
Thank you, Senator, dont let them slip this in under cover of bullshit they create to distract us, same for our SS and Medicare benefits.
Don't let them win
@Indivisible97St @IronStache @IndivisibleTeam @AccActivist
Stop the #ACA Repeal. Instantly Get Your MOC's Phones, Faxes, & Twitter Account
The #USera=#THEusERA >)
@CoryBooker: I heard KA Conway talk this AM re # votes needed while @SenatorMenendez "otherwise indisposed". How do we make his vote count?
I think it would also help if u would start lobbying all those GOP friends u have in the Senate..this just isn't OUR game..it is also YOURS!
Hey Cory here's a crazy idea. Don't board the Bernie train until January You just gave the GOP the Don Quixote they needed for a needed win
So silly to defend ruining health system for 240 million people so 11 million can keep horrible insurance they never use. #obamacare #aca
I'm surprised ur not voting with them. And oh ur endorsement of single payer – I don't believe you. You already voted against CA drugs
Get these C(R)AZY LAZY NOGOODONALD DONOTHINGOPUNISHE(R)sOUTTA OUR Now SADC DACA TOWN! It's NOT(R)Umps, NOT GOPeees, NOT LOBBYees! IT'S OURS!
We can't be distracted. #ProtectHealthcare call your reps and say NO
Wake up, America! Hurricanes (understandably) distract. We could lose healthcare and the ACA!  Remember the Repub plans and TrumpCare?  NO!
To @CoryBooker Join with @SenJohnMcCain and work on bipartisan solution. Senate leaders must LEAD. The time is NOW.
And what happened to the replace part of the equation if millions lose coverage @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorCollins @SenDeanHeller
Ok Senators... .do YOUR job!!!!! The public has made it very clear what we expect and want for our healthcare.
We can't allow Trump to make so much noise that it allows these people to get their way
It's rediculous how this keeps happening. We Must vote these idiots out if this repeal insanity is to stop.
Senator Booker what are YOU DOING?  This is what we pay you for
What? This is great news!  I thought it was dead.  Yay!!!!
and the response of corrupt Dems is #medicare4all which is not going anywhere. Congress is a whorehouse #publicoption
SENATOR CONTACT INFO https://www.senate.gov/general/contact_information/senators_cfm.cfm …
create a system that works
Trump desperate for a win on this. Not because he cares for the millions that will be affected, but because it was Obama that created it
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow #NeverthelessShePersisted #GuantanamoforTrump #EVIL  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  @nytimes @WSJ
@benwikler STOP THEM. IMPEACH INCARCERATE ALL. U CAN ! WHY HAVEN'T U ?
50 yrs RepLies WarMachine."13th"(Netflix),Oliver Stone- UntoldHistoryUS,NoamChomskyRequiem,GetMeRogerStone.
Yes Cory! Stop the repeal & leave Bernie alone right Now! He just got more voice than Hillary in the campaign b/c of the media! Just Sayin
@Yolie_Rios HRC and supporters need to stop this vendetta against Bernie & supporters They are dividing dem party We need 2 unite
Bernie is not a dem. Nothing to divide. Dems know bernie's plan would cost them their take home pay.
Start your own party, call it the Panhandler party.
Utter stupidity and disdain for fellow citizens does  not require any response. So unchristian. Just dumb
Craven coming in, so I suppose craven going out should be just fine. All it did is shift cost and make availability less likely. A failure.
Senate and House DO NOT HAVE TO CARRY!! AMERICAN MAKE THEM HAVE TO CARE WHAT THEY VOTE IN...
It is disingenuous of senators from Texas & Florida to ask for hurricane relief for their states while they take away health care
As a gen-x, I'm tired of being forced to pay for boomers and all their health problems associated with a life of eating margarine.
You say "threat", I hear "promise".

.@realDonaldTrump-Hey pal, Watch how quickly #TheResistance makes this hashtag trend:

#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
LET THEM PASS IT. THERE WILL BE HELL TO PAY @GOP WE'RE GOING TO F YOU UP. BADLY.
Do your damn job or retire we are sick and tired of u dems obstructing everything
Ask Bernie to stop grandstanding and  use his voice to protect ACA
say #MedicareForAll  proudly& stop these ostrich games. U tepidly support #SinglePayer b/c you know it would rule you out in 2020 if U don't
Please overstat
Haven't heard one word on controls in place against doctors abusing the system. That will safe any system millions.
VOTE NO!
Both hypocrites
Get to work!  That is why u r a senator
No one wants it. It's now up to you guys to do your job and end this nonsense. (Also thank you for all you do)
The (CBO) is expecting ACA premiums to spike by 15% in 2018 &that an additional 2 MILLION ppl will be uninsured.
Quit lying @CoryBooker
Love people that want a handout
who wants a handout?
Is there no end to how many times they can attempt to repeal ACA?
Your constituents stand adamantly against this bill. Usual Republican senatorial suspects approve the bill. We will start calling tomorrow.
Jersey girl here.  Fight for us Sen. Booker!    
@benwikler @FoxNews it's going down either by thud or by collapse
ACA is a failure. Pass the bill and move to improve!
OMG
Trump a pesz
Next we all speaking Chinese
Our rebate  dreamed  11 mill
Jose  Maria Lee  reforms
Good! Repeal it. While they're at it, they should repeal Welfare as well. 37 years of paying for Laziness is rediculous.
We are counting on you to stand up for those of us who pay our taxes and have chronic illnesses, we deserve affordable healthcare.
You bet it is!! A whole lot of us high paying taxpayers will expatriate if this isn't fixed!  #LameStatesofAmerica

I was honored to speak with you @refee00!! Thank you and you are truly a courageous #Whistleblower. I hope our interview goes viral!! https://twitter.com/refee00/status/899469441230139392 …
@SenateGOP #trumpcare poses a constant threat to our #health #wellbeing.. Can't overstate the toll this has taken on our lives #business
Well said.
It looks like it will succeed. All those idiots that expected it to be replaced with better program are in for a shock! Trump voters lose!
Please talk to the NJ MOC, including GOP, about how bad Graham Cassidy would be for NJ. This bill hurts NJ even more than it hurts avg Amer.
So Cory, why aren't you on the Sunday shows instead of Bernie who's always self-serving?
the guests are usually invited which means they're chasing Sanders & ignoring actual democrats
Graham & Cassidy should be kicked out of the Senate 4 this.This bill is as bad as it gets!
So,  where is the protest? Please advise ASAP.
Email to entire GOP, PHONE calls, & snail mail. Show up if u can!
This is exhausting! I'm sick of this crap.
WH phone # 202-456-1111
@benwikler thanks for fighting for us Cory keep doing what you're doing!!
I will make phone calls and tell everyone I knpw to do same save#ACA #OBAMACARE. WE WANT OUR HEALTH FIXED NOT DECIMATED! @SenJohnMcCain
Why it has failed Soo many times there should be a threshold to voting upon isn't there ? Should be if not !
Let's go #Resistance ! Time to let them know We will #Resist all attempts to hurt the American people
Must define repeal of #ACA #Obamacare as anti-entrepreneur! American self-employed need health insurance coverage options through exchange.
Shut up
@SenDeanHeller just making sure you are going to vote no on this...
With all due respect, Senator, please stop wasting your/our time w/Bernie & go fight to save #ACA & #Medicaid. Repeal is reality.
It's been terrible for many millions of American's, stop holding it up as holy writ and make positive changes.
You should have been focused on fixing it when you had the chance. But you didn't. Now you lost. Stop resisting and WORK for ALL Americans

What can we do if we live in NJ and know how our senators will vote? I had heard it's not kosher to call a rep from another state
I wouldn't worry about hurting their feelings at this point.  Call your own for sure but your an American you can call any Rep. you want.
Y the HELL did u help Bernie just put a wedge in r party. Now Rs r gunna say c o-care isn't working n u just helped the gop R&R O-CARE  SAD!
Have a referendum?
The Democratic Party is compelled to be vigilant in the pursuit of healthcare for all Americans!
Obstruct obstruct obstruct the republicans did it to President Obama for 8 yrs u do the same
You are the threat being a member of BLM.
Contact your Representative in Congress
Click on link:
https://m.house.gov/representatives 
I am with you all the way!!!
@naturesencore @benwikler Repeal will render employer plans worthless without EHBs. This is an attack on us all. 1 of 2
Do you predict that Obamacare premiums are not going to experience double digit increases in 2018?
Typical powerless Democrat . All bark and no bite . Powerless
What about the millions that are paying triple for those millions that dont what repeal?Also our politicians tanking advantage of insentives
MFA!
You Democrats are very stupid people y'all have this country screwed up
This should be heard by everyone.

cory, give back your illegal health care subsidy before telling us how bad something is. ocare is so bad you don't want to play by its rules
...and you helped by introducing the could-never-pass-with-GOP-mayority bill which gave the GOP breath and weakened fight for the ACA..SHAME
When you pay for and are covered by the ACA then you can fight to keep it, not before.
Senator please help get the border wall built!
Why are Senate Dems just now sounding the alarm on this? Seems like you let this sneak up on you and us.
Instead of spending time on single payer last week Dems should've been sounding the alarm on this.
The threat of @CoryBooker is real. How's all that pharma money treating you bud?
We must support and save the #ACA Yet u stand with a Socialist-Independent @SenSanders We do not appreciate it. He is a democratic divider
He only wants what he wants..He should be campaigning for our #ACA instead of thinking of himself.We will lose our ACA. He put Trump in WH.
Please focus on this, not MFA
Corey, you are a United States Senator! There are more than just Black people in your state! Why don't you stop the constant race baiting?
Keep voting to kill 1,000,000 babies every year. Smart people learn from failure, dems don't.abortionismurder
Bernie and co maybe should have waited on the Medicare for all bill?
MFA has waited too long!
@SenSchumer @benwikler ACA covers 11.4 million Millions pay a fine not to have it! So you think it's good? Idiots
I know that Nelson's safe but unfortunately Marco Rubio doesn't take my advice. I'll try though.
Mine either but I will try too
It's about time you listened to the citizens instead of the donors.  Should have done it when it counted!  #JoinOurParty #Medicare4All!
Wassamatta your medical welfare under threat?
Please use this link to tweet key senators every day. Takes seconds! Then RT
Save the ACA!
Healthcare isn't a right, it is a privilege that you must pay for. If you want decent Healthcare, and get a job and pay for it.
We must defeat this terrible bill. This is their last chance to use reconciliation this session. If it passes, the ACA is dead and gone.
We wouldn't want that pharmaceutical manufacturing money to stop flowing would we Mr Booker?
Repeal ASAP! Lost my Dr 2 years ago and I'm going insurance poor. It's very broken. Resist socialism
@Eykis @benwikler seems they're hell bent on taking health care away..stay vigilant folks!!!!
