
Glad you're doing better, now start supporting our President! You do realize NC voted for him.
Stupid ignorant hill jacks voted for a traitor to the country.
I hold you and your undying support for the 2nd Amendment and the financial support of YOU by the NRA to be responsible for the latest school shooting in Florida.
I heard you died.
Glad you are better...BUT...NOW you have a preexisting condition. OH WAIT!?! Don't you have a pre-existing condition exemption clause!?!
Congress and senators should have to be on Obama care or even whatever congress is now pushing blindly through the senate. Get real guys!
When you get back, think about the Americans who can't afford the awesome healthcare you got today.
They get covered by eelfare - medicare/Medicaid
"Eelfare" sounds lovely... 
Then fix it. Trumpcare is insurance for the 1%.  Keep drinking the kool aid.
You are either delusional or paid by a GOP PAC.
Only in your mind. Obviously a Trumpanzee plant.
@GOP l hope when you run again, you lose
so happy for you.
Retire!
Why was he taken to the hospital? I thought the GOP's position is no one dies from lack of healthcare.
Take care...rest up. 

Now that you're safe, I feel ok being petty. 

Senators have GREAT healthcare, right?
You suck, you lowlife.
And you're deplorable, Patti .
#NoCapsNoCuts  #SaveMedicaid
@Fedco_nc Wishing the best for you, Senator! We need you more than ever!
How crude.
Hey, Senator Tillis.  Glad you are well. (from David's sister-in-law)
Glad to hear you're feeling better @SenThomTillis - thinking of you as you recover from the #CapChallenge
He is recovering because he had healthcare insurance. But you & your GOP  cronies want to take it away from the rest of us.
It must be nice having gold-plated healthcare paid for by the people who's healthcare you want to take away.
Thank goodness for you that you received good health care. I hope this will make you think of those who don't have proper coverage now.
If your premiums and deductibles went up, thank Barack Obama.  On the other hand, nothing is free.
Not asking for anything for free, and since the ACA has been in place costs have gone up every year but at a slower rate than before!
Sorry,  last statement not true. Deductibles are so high, people are putting off procedures they need. My life's work.
You are right about deductables & that is awful that's why we need to fix the problem or have Universal Health Care for All!
That sounds good, but have you ever been sick while in Europe? I have. Socialized healthcare = long waits, no choices.
As opposed to the long waiting room times in the US where once you finally get in they reject people w/o insurance 4 preexisting conditions?
Not true. Pre-existing conditions are currently allowed and will be in the future. Please trust I know of what I speak.
Glad to hear this!!!!!
@SenatorTimScott 

Some of you people are totally ridiculous!   Jesus!   Thom glad you're ok
Glad you're feeling better.
Hope this mean you will be scheduling that town hall to discuss pre-existing conditions.
please fight for OUR pre existing conditions, like cancer and arthritis. seniors cant pay skyhigh premiums.
Get well soon senator
So happy you have a healthcare plan that takes care of you! Can you promise the same for the rest of us?
Was the ambulance ride covered by your insurance?
So glad you didn't need #CPR but so glad it was readily available if anyone did! #AED#cprparty This is why we do what we do!!
God bless you!
thank God you're ok sir
ACA only drove up the cost not the coverage morons
Glad you are better. Will continue to pray for you until you are back at work. God bless.
Mindless parroting fools Obama Obama Obama. Yeah still looking for his birth certificate? All conservatives do is insult. No solutions.
You health insurance is paid by for by taxpayers. You're welcome.
You now have a pre-existing condition. Hope that U  learned that you need to take care of all of your constituents. Not just the rich ones.
I  hope that you know that for people with pre-existing conditions, this incident would have been very scary.
Get behind our party
Senator get well we need you in the Senate. Pour president needs your support
great you had me concerned
Get well soon
Please do not do this again.  Hot days & stress can cause this.  My (our) prayers are with you.  God bless.
I disagree with you on everything but wish you a fast and full recovery
#Obamacare really came through for you.
awesome, prayers for you and your family
So glad your doing well
Glad to see the taxpayers are paying for you to get overheated and take an expensive mini-vacation.
You on Obamacare?, hold on you are a senator, a republican? You don't want me to receive treatment for my Pre-existing. Please just die punk
Great news, get well soon and get back in the fight for our country 
Get Well Soon.  You're needed in DC
That health insurance is GREAT stuff! Everyone should have it!
Good news
Thank God, becaeful we need you.
getting back to work?#definework#whoukidding, get busy or NC will vote you out. Start with wall and illegals
God speed
Take care!  We need u to help legislate back to reason.  I do wish the u the best.
I'm so glad your ok whether your Republican are Democrat your an American and I care that your ok.
Glad you are alright
Glad to know you are all right, Senator. Be safe in this heat.
Good thing you have healthcare, huh?
may the lord open for you abig doors for you
Best of luck Senator. Take it easy, and be well!
Hydration, Hydration and more hydration. Take care of yourself.
Get  better soon, sir :)
Thank God for Obamacare! You would need dead without it.
He took the easy way out
@SenCoryGardner enjoy your excellent health care! Get well soon so you can take mine away so I'll be more likely to die!
if I was me I'd still be in the street. .with a 20 thousands dollors bill!!just to get to the hospital!
Hope you have good health insurance.......
Best wishes, take care of yourself.
just give glory to the almighty for answering our prayers. it is he that deserves credit
Stay heart healthy.  Your family needs you.  The Am. Heart Assn has great tips for heart health.  Stay hydrated too.
Glad to see that your doing well Senator!  Take care and take it easy for a while, OK?!  God Bless!
Yikes! Feel better!
I hope you have good Insurance,... Paul Ryan is not to be TRUSTED... Whats wrong with our President??? HELP!!!
Get well soon!
Glad you are well and ready to get back to work! It's been a busy day in Washington!
Glad you okay, now get overheated and get rid of that guy they call President or the secret service code name Cheesepuff! Tell your buddies!
God bless you! Sending prayers !
So great to hear about your speedy recovery. #PrayerWorks
@SenThomTillis  Glad to hear you're on the mend
You have your nerve posting this. You voted against Obamacare but you seem to be using the benefits from it you hypocrite.
Glad you are ok when you get back to the hill PLEASE HELP THE MIDDLE CLASS GIVE TAX CUTS,SECURITY FOR USA,HEALTH CARE ETC. GET RID OF trump!
Did our health care cover you. Why should you get health care and not our vets or senior citizens.
Glad to hear you are OK.
Speedy recovery Senator.
Please consider those that aren't privileged like you
Glad you're ok.
Glad to hear you are OK.
Glad to hear that you are well @SenThomTillis  - that was a scare.
must be nice to have health care that nobody is trying to repeal
Dude you need to resign,  we hate you!
Please don't come back you have been horrible to NC!!!
Glad to hear it. Isn't health care awesome? Too bad not everyone deserves it...
Our prayers are with you #CapChallenge
God bless.
Enjoying that healthcare you want to take away from us?
Your buddies in the house voted to deny people the healthcare that just saved your life #notsayingjustsaying
So glad to hear your ok! Take care!!

#Whacky #WED
So glad you are doing well - we need you in D.C.  @susantillis
God be with, and protect you in Jesus name !
Another rino pos that puts illegals N refugees over americans.
Who was actually praying for you?
Get well soon and please country over party
There some ass holes on here
Glad to see you're doing well. Best wishes for a speedy recovery.
Legislative agenda done! The investigation will last for years! No need to come back as republicans cannot pass anything! Its over!
Glad you're doing well.
God bless you!
Glad you are doing okay!
Glad you're feeling better. I'd take my time getting back to work if I were you. Turns out a lot happens in a day in this town.
Praise God that He, in His grace, enabled you to bounce back so fast.   Truly life is in His hands, and He knows we need you on the Hill!
Glad you're doing ok; however you haven't been missed. Your party is just as incompetent w/o you. Take your time recovering "congressman."
Bless your heart hope all is well
So glad you are ok senator. For all others, ACA is in its death throes. It just doesn't work. You can choose to not believe otherwise...
But that won't change the simple fact that it's broken. Support a viable alternative that works in a free market society or move to Canada
SO HAPPY YOU HAVE GOOD INSURANCE. Why don't you ask the medical team if they can find your spine?
Glad you're doing well.
Despite differences, I wish no ill will to anyone. Glad he's ok. That said, he doesn't have to worry about health care or how to pay 4 it.
Sorry for the health issues but i hope this teaches you and your colleagues that noone is immune to disease. H.R. 676
So thankful you're ok!
Glad you're doing well Sen Tillis. Our family is praying for you & your family. Take care of yourself.
That's now a preexisting condition yo. @DaleJr @AmyEarnhardt @martinxxl @DanicaPatrick @AllWaltrip @adamwjordan @GanassiChip @Lavarbigballer
This was a wakeup call for you to reduce your stress by being an American before being a partisan politician.
Praying for your recovery. 
I hope this makes you reconsider denying healthcare to millions. Oh wait, I forgot - You guys get to opt out.
Very good to hear Senator
Kill the ACA ! IGNORE THESE LIBERALS SENATOR TILLIS . GET WELL SOON.  TELL THE PRESIDENT TO FIGHT BACK HARDER AGAINST THE DEMS&GET THEM OUT
Thank GOD you are well

