So sad you can't seem to be able to tell what part of your Constitution is the original and which parts you added in or crossed out...
"Your" constitution? Oh! You're a Russian bot. OK, here Sergei. It goes like this. Article II IS the part that require Prez' to nom and appt
How Senate conducts their "advice and consent" process isn't in the Constitution. See, the Constitution isn't a bunch of RULES.
Since you've lived your life under a despot, I can see how you'd be confused. Senate has its own rules of how IT conducts its business.
Those processes are governed by "Senate rules" @SenSchumer has been a Senator for nearly 20 years. He would know the SENATE rules.
And the Senate rules are open to change by the majority. Democrats aren't the only ones allowed to change them. Democrats have a hard time
Differentiating that cloture votes and confirmation votes Aren't the same thing
ROFLMAO, did u run and get your commandant, Sergei? You asked what rules were broken and confused it with "my" constitution. I told you.
Didn't hear you say that when Harry Reid changed the rules on lower judge appointees. This judge is about the law not his personal beliefs
He IS meant to be and he WOULD NOT have gotten 60 votes because CHUCKY CHEESE and Dems were not going to support ANY nominee from Pres Trump
I followed his confirmation hearings, did you?  He is a judge that will rule on laws as they exist, not as he wishes them to be.
difference between immigrants of 2day and back them is 2pday's immigrants want 2 change the way we live. Older ones came here 2 live our way
Seems hypocritical to be against this when you were for it when Harry Reid did it. But lying and backstabbing is the norm for the @DNC
Dems thought SCOTUS seat too important to do this. GOP doesn't.
Not based on past actions of the DNC. They are win at all costs. 1st rule change should be term limits. Get rid of every worthless one
I kind of like my government to have some experience and knowledge.
There is no reason to allow anyone in office longer than two terms. Doing so creates the log jam you see today. Critical thinking trumps
Yes. And there is now too much bad blood and vindictiveness taking place between the parties for them to effectively do their jobs!
But WE elect them to office, this blame is on us the voters. We need to get rid of the fools who spend a lifetime sitting in DC
NONSENSE
Thank you for standing up to the THEFT of Obama SCOTUS nominee & trying to prevent far-right Gorsuch to be on court. Never Defeated
Theft?  Bases are "stolen" in baseball but to say someone stole a seat from someone who didn't have it in the first place is ridiculous.
.@Cat15132 The Repub. Senate stole Garland's opportunity for likely confirmation. That loss is literally priceless. @SenSchumer
They didn't "steal" it.  The results wld of been the same if they talked to him. Obama had 2 other opportunities to nominate him & didnt.
The other 2 weren't his time yet. Senate owed G & O interviews, hearings & a vote, on record. @SenSchumer
old have been Garland. Keep fighting
@chuckschumer is a disgrace 2 the American people. He acts like a teenager who didn't get his way. So there's only one thing 2 do-GROUND HIM
You mean change the rules? Just like you did in 2013. Turnabouts FairPlay
Democrats broke things already. Blame others for their prior actions. Hypocrisy pukes.
Actually the polls showed that the Democrats are doing the president wrong so we will see you when it's election time
THANK YOU @SenatorReid
No rules were broken. You and your fellow democrats have chosen to work against @POTUS and this country. Stop whining & get to work for USA
Idiot. Your an idiot
They didn't break the rules. They have more seats unlike the Democrats.
They changed the rules YESTERDAY!
Changed and breaking are two different things
Work with not against the Republicans
Broken after democrats followed their dear leader Harry Reid, thanks for that & for the next SCOTUS too.
your just mad that you didn't get to do it.
@realDonaldTrump Shumer is a cry baby. There are speeches from your past that you agreed with breaking the law for dems advantage. Hypocrite
Like you wouldn't have.  The people are tired of your bull Comrade and guess what, no one gives a crap about Merick Garland. A broken record
Harry Reid bit your butt love it!
Wrong again chuckie Americans faith in OUR country is never more strong with this judge It's ur bigot racist dem party we have no faith in
Suffer?  Really!?
So, the lower court justices the dems approved the same way must not have any integrity too?
Dude, wasn't it YOUR party that created this loophole?
Doesn't make it right.  No one should have done this. Take the higher road
The entire Congress is dysfunctional. You all act like a bunch of selfish children! Work together! Negotiate! Give & Take!
CRY ME A RIVER!
HARRY REID CREATED THIS,  SUCK IT UP BUTTERCUP!!!!!#
did NOT win the popular vote, and is under FBI Investigation and had to have the rules changed, gets his scotus appointed.  IT is WRONG!
You broke the rules schumer - lucky for you, no Democrats read the papers or keep informed - they just believe what yo SAY....
Mine has been shaken since 2000
really???? Who changed the rules in the first place??? Now wonder you dirt bags have lost the public's trust! You suck!
@SenSchumer Keep up the good work, fighting for the American people.
liars & cheats. before u at least felt like the govt was lookin out 4 u this grp proves they r not!
This seems wrong on so many levels!  A popular president, who happened to be black, was denied his right to appoint a scotus and #45 who
Break the rules, sorry but the rules you refer to don't exists anywhere in the ultimate rule book. The Constitution, thanks for your
Continued show of stupidity
SENATE RULES AREN'T THE CONSTITUTION- GWB & OBAMA DESTROYED THE CONSTITUTION!
SPYING @BarackObama 
& HIS PAWN, SAD HYPOCRITE @SenSchumer
Stop watching Fox news and the conspiracies. There is no proof of Obama spying on Trump.
Your stupidity will long be remembered
Trump just got richer bombing Syria owns stock in Raytheon maker of tomahawks.stock up today
U mean u forced a rule change doofus. We r watching u obstruct #Fool
@TheDemocrats committed #ElectionFraud

Democracy Lost:
A Report on the Fatally Flawed 2016 Democratic Primaries
http://electionjustice.net/democracy-lost-a-report-on-the-fatally-flawed-2016-democratic-primaries-table-of-contents/ …
Harry Reid & Biden changed the rules of the senate in 2013 you HIPOCRITE
It's very apparent that YOU HATE THE CONSTITUTION AND AMERICA with your #antiamerican #spclintrst #cryinggame #thebitterpill
Riiigghht...because the Dems definitely would not have done the same thing. There are more important hills to take a stand on than Gorsuch.
U have a short memory Senator, or perhaps no memory. Time for you to go.
If the situation was flipped - you would have done the same thing.
Haha you seem to be the one suffering. Hahaha
Really? @TheDemocrats have the audacity to talk about breaking rules? You can't be serious Crying Chucky
Chuck, Up Yours! 
Shove it was far as it will go!
Schumer you're the reason The People want term limits!  You're the reason The People want to drain the swamp!
Mitch McConnell chose to break the rules.  The man's a power-hungry fascist.  Democrats need to oust him when he's up for reelection.
It is abhorrent what the .@SenateMajLdr did.  The rules are it here to end to his wishes.  They are their to protect ALL Americans
The stole the nomination and now stole the confirmation.  No one should be celebrating "victory" they had to cheat and manipulate law 2 win

Now when we get one or two more the court will be really secure!!  Big thanks to Harry Reid!
He good judge and goes by the law and is not left or right. God bless him. You want a left judge that will not go by the law or lean left.
Was trump supposed to go through you to send those missles over in Syria? You would've publicized it and made a political
No the GOP decided to do something that would benefit people that were suffering in Syria! You people would've just stalled it!
Refusal to work with @SenateMajLdr is embarrassing for the nation to avoid this. The future consequences of this are in both of your hands.
No our faith in the Senate minority is gone - you guys are all about politics not serving the people
#Gorsuch will always be known as the Justice with the #StolenSeat
No we the people are confident of Gorsuch. Not confident of your party not YOU!!!
Read the Wash Post "Mitch McConnell the man who broke America "by Dana Milbank. Explains McConnell's perfidy
Yea sure but thats nothing for a lying cheating backstabber like you!
That's what you guys get for changing the rules. # Harry reid
Hypocrisy
Republican/Trump supreme court pick is anti-union and a far right extremists. GOD help us
Conservative media misinformation and lies and misleading information to spread fake stories to people with commonsense has paid off. SMH
Republican/Trump's policies show how Racial division benefits the Rich
Republican/Trump supporters voted against their interest and hurt themselves and put America in danger
You break rules daily. Go back to bed
The nuclear rule was put into place by you Dems for the very reason the Repubs used it. #quityourwhining
What they broke rules you established.  2 faced Chuck
Shut up Chuck. #hypocritemuch #thatisall
yet it was ok for you and Harry to use when you needed, in your face old boy, our memories aren't that bad!!!!
Truth is that the only thing broken here is YOU!  Thank you @SenateMajLdr Now go repeal Obamacare and break him down again
Listen to what their constituents are asking of them! I know this because my senator is rogue @marcorubio
I don't trust this administration.  We are being told LIES daily by Republicans and they don't care! Won't go to their town halls and won't
Please, spare us ur moral outrage. U demanded that ur caucus vote against Gorsuch & now live with the result. Never a filibuster in history.
Can we please focus our attention or what he did right....SYRIA!!! Barbaric acts shot down! I didn't vote for him but I agree with him!
Gorsuch will be closer to the middle than Trump's next two choices. Scalia's seat is honorably replaced. filibuster error
#GorsuchConfirmed
You spelled Harry Reid wrong.
Schumer get that mop cut on top your head. your and obstructionist and pathetic
Here is your tissue
A Big Win for America!! Thank you Harry Reid for showing us the way.
Ha. You are so funny. You seem to forget how you voted for him before. Stop crying and work to make@this@country better.
you hypocritical old goat. You demos did it when?
SOOOOO HAPPY #NeilGorsuch is our new Justice!
Would you say the same for all the Federal judges that were approved under Obama with Reid's senate rule change too? Don't think so,  go
The Senate rules are back to the way they had been since 1789!  Maybe you should put America of Party.

Well if it was a written rule then there would b a written punishment-stop with the crapy words!
following the fine example you all set
Your nuts
Give it a break...nobody believes you anymore.
You are anti-civilization!
I lived in New York State at the height of your fame.... I'm pissed you didn't overturn desks and get in your colleagues faces
this was a bad play on your part
Please! Your state is a bug mess. People are frustrated and many are moving out. You are doing nothing!
all the faith as long as you are in the minority Chuck. Thanks for the new rule in selecting Neil Gorsuch he will he a fine justice.
We are fucked.
Whats going in in the Russian investigation?  Better do some fist pounding, find the smoking gun.. B4 America goes up in flames
ur not pissed they broke the rules? How much do u love this country, u better start overturning desks, nothing less, is it in u?
Thanks to you blah blah blah
I though the same thing, the Republican have diminished respect for the court.  I hope they know, what goes around comes around!
By his actions McConnell deligitimized Senate & created disrtrust w/ future SCOTUS rulings. The assumption being corp $ buys votes in both.
I did a google search, didn't find you whining when Harry Reid did it.  #hypocrisy
Nice try, Senator. You led this unprecedented filibuster of a nominee who is most qualified, and certainly eminently more qualified than you
How did you guys let this ghoul get confirmed for the Supreme Court. Do your job.
You was ok when Harry did it.
Yes, but why didn't you filibuster the rules change or raise a point of order to object to the lack of constitutionality?
And how many times has the Democrat party broken the rules?  Way to many times.
Looks like they didn't need to.   Three of your Dems woke up and voted against your pitiful self.
Trust? Ha Hillary unsecured emails, Susan Rice spying on the POTUS,Brennan lied, Clapper lying, Obama Lying, all lairs.
The GOP refused to acknowledge Dems concerns about a Non-Mainstream judge, w troubling rulings who glibly refused to answer any questions.
Sounds like sanctuary cities
You have become a caricature, a joke! And I'm a registered Democrat in NY. Thank you also for destroying Upstate.
Do we really want to talk about breaking rules? Hmmm Senator? Hmmm??
GOP broke the rules when Obama was elected.  McConnell/Ryan are subverting our Democracy.
Not at all. Only one way to deal with a democrat. Get used to it
Sorry Chuckles but the majority makes the rules just like you n Harry did! You r a phony!
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/04/24/us/cash-flowed-to-clinton-foundation-as-russians-pressed-for-control-of-uranium-company.html?mwrsm=Facebook&referer=https://m.facebook.com/ …
schumer looking in a mirror talking to himself everyone remembers schumer who started this and it's come back to beat you
Admitting @JudgeNGorsuch to SCOTUS is actually a better alternative to anyone @HillaryClinton would've appointed.
I totally agree! I thought at least our Supreme Court was beyond the reach of either political party! I am so disheartened and sad!
I am truly ashamed that the rest of the world watches as politics take over our democracy! We are no longer a unique nation as we once were!
The people did not vote this Supreme Court judge in a political party voted him in when they could've so easily have gotten another choice!
Chuck, Chuck, Chuck, please just...stop it.
We won!
no, I think you are completely wrong. Our faith in the rule of law is strengthened.
true
Reid Rule. What goes around comes around.
#WINNING #MAGA
Honk honk.... you're one of the best things to happen to the Republican Party 
Are you kidding me, you have the guts to write that?  We are suffering.  Independents, bring them on, your partisan crap is over.
You are lying. ... again.  They broke no rules.  They changed them.  The American people gave them that right.  Quit lying.
Poor Chucky, hope you're doing OK in your safe space after your lies and tantrum failed!   #JusticeGorsuch #SCOTUS
For many decades after u finally retire, conservative AssociateJustice Gorsuch will be rendering important conservative opinions
Who was the first to use the Nuclear option again? Oh yea... @TheDemocrats . Nice try though. 
When we get it back we need to nominate the most left wing, Liberal-leaning, LGBTQ & rainbow-waving judge in the history of jurisprudence!
Supreme Court suffering last 8 years due to liberal dishonesty. Obama's legacy.
Once again, hypocrisy  from the leader of the DemocRAT party. Reid changed the rules but Republicans can't use it.
Wasn't it your hero Harry Reid the architect of the nuclear option? The supreme ct is now safe from libtard imbeciles for the next 35yrs!
There's no way I will ever trust gorsuch, ever!!!
You are a failure as a senator and as a man
Where are your fake tears Chucky??? This is the main reason Trump won because most Americans did not want a liberal court.
when will you all start working like your supposed too for the people and put the rhetoric away You force the hand to go nuclear
Hyperbole much?
can only hope this comes back to bite it ALL OF YOU have lost the trust of the American people! It is so sad to hear the talk
No, you and the Democrats made that decision for them, isn't the nuclear option a great thing, doesn't pay to obstruct
Not fun having the other side as the majority doing what you have done by changing rules.
You are so damn funny!!!!
Shut up  Biden brought this on you dingbats. Get over it. Trumps making us great again one stupid Democrat comment at a time.
There's nothing lower than a Republican low, but they've actually gone too far. That wasn't a win for Gorsuch. It was Rs being bullies.
Actually there is. It is a Democratic low.
Mr.Schumer why don't you tell the people how all this got started with the nuclear option. I'm sure the people would be interested in this
@SenateGOP Chuck
Repubs betrayed majorityof amer Independent#trumpRussia investigation #theresistance 
Putin will NOT WIN.
Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.  Suck it up crying Chuck
Chuckie I believe the word is "change" rather than "break." It's called majority rule in our form of gov't. I know it's hard for you to get.
they only did what you guys have done in the past for other judges u r insulting the American people by underestimating their knowledge
It was OK when @SenatorReid obstructed. Stop complaining! get to work! Can't wait to vote for your challenger! #TermLimits
u not the republicans chose the nuclear option seems senility has crept in. Let me help u write urself a note " I chose the bomb " keep it
