HAPPENING NOW: the Senate is attempting to restrict states' ability to create retirement plans, making it HARDER to save. Call your Senator! https://twitter.com/SingletaryM/status/859832163440656385 …
I tell ya, these republicans in congress is attacking everything that actually benefits the American people. Who do y'all work for??
Themselves and their bottom line. 
Why now would empathy be injected?
If I never realized the importance of voting before better believe I do now. This is ridiculous
Pass it forward! It's soooo important!
Mr Schumer, I  u - but U MUST BE STRONGER.
He's not, so he won't....
Senator Schumer, I know it will take several weeks to write a new Healthcare Bill. After the Bill is finished, how does it go forward?
Please make this a big issue during the mid-terms. It affects many of the demographics/districts that voted for @POTUS.
@IdahoIndependen @POTUS 

But he's NOT so he WON'T!!!
Let's make people work all their lives, screw up their healthcare, and make it hard for them to retire 
What the heck is wrong w/these guys?
They lack human decency and empathy.

PERIOD. 

Sad state of affairs, just not anything that they shall be effected by.
Get a life start by telling people to stop protesting
If you were a champion of rule of law, you would not violate AECA by giving aid to Israel. You know they have nukes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RSIpAPWEJFI …
A true leader would push for #singlepayer. Democrats, it's up to you. #goptreason #stopahca #russiagate #independentinvestigation #singlemom
But he isn't. He has shown many times that he isn't.No surprise.He was given the votes despite such open facts- p- sy grab;bankruptcies;....
Totally agree with tou
Not in this life time he is the antichrist
sure u got the right Link here btw low interest rates in savings a/c's also make it difficult for savers especially if rates b-lo inflation
Yo u need to zip it. The trump voted for it so there. It is what it is!
They want to keep the hiring pool filled for their future 'help'! #deplorable
Senator Chuck Schumer, after the Healthcare Bill is finished, you will need the CBO'S economic report to see what the Bill costs, this may..
Sorry but I can't worry about retirement until I save my healthcare so I live that long.
@Morning_Coffey @POTUS @AARPadvocates natl prayer day: our nation prays for djt and gop to change their wicked ways. Soon.
please STOP being so partisan.
Are u nuts?
@AARPadvocates Why didn't U & crazy Nancy P do that with the Obama Care piece of carp U 2 PUSHED THROUGH
Judging by the way govt has run Medicare   It's a good thing
Trump will stop at nothing to keep the middle class down.
This may help if it's more cost effective than the Republicans legislation. I think it will be. How do you move Forward? What's next?

Do you people not see that you are getting played? The dems are playing on things you get emotional about to push glabalist adjenda. wake up
He's a champion for HIMSELF ONLY.

P E R I O D!

His only consistency in life.

SMH
Hay aarp you were for obama care what's up
Why is the GOP so focused on hurting the American people? It's simply wrong.
You won't be getting any calls
Republican lawmakers are the scabs of this country!
WTFing F is this ?
War on the middle class. That's exactly what this is.
Death panels/selective genetic cleansing.
@PressSec said it kindly... #holocaustcenters !

No biggie. It doesn't change their health plan.
Maybe NY should look into Article V Convention of States !!
Funny, Chuck. Did you really tweet this or dis someone hack your account?
Seriously this man hates Obama so much that he has to undo everything Obama did even if we all die in the process of his sick obsession
Oh puleeze....come back down to reality there Chuckie.  Not happening.
We already have IRA's and Roths to save for retirement. More plans just create confusion and cost
The only people trump is a champion for are his family. Scrrw the rest...
He's not going to Veto anything that the Republican Congress passes....that's NOT winning.  It's all about him winning....screw the people.
I don't get it. He wants smaller fed gov but then restrict States abilities?! What a contradiction.
Sadly @POTUS does not care about anyone but himself.  When can we #impeachComrade45 ?
Say what?
It has to STOP we need RT to be put in check. 
WE THE PEOPLE HAVE THE POWER TOGETHER.  2GETHER WE STAND DIVIDED WE FALL!!!!!! GET UP & OUT!!
When is he ever going to get impeached?  What does he have to do?  There are many Conflicts of Interest and he is embarrassing our country.
More lies from the left
Any working class person who didn't realize long ago that @realDonaldTrump was using them to get into power is still too dumb to get it now.
We call on you to repeal Obamacare NOW @SenSchumer if you really cared about working Americans .... js
45's agenda is to wipe out Obama's legacy... only one possible reason for that
He is an ass. He will sign it.
SOS, special prosecutor NOW,the GOP has no interest that we have been taken over by a hostile power that has fascism on it's agenda
Another fake news story
Remember - the devil is in the details with government - nothing is as it seems
You're certainly not working ppl's champion. U want 2 tax working ppl to death in order 2 cover ur special interest groups!! STOP LYING!
Right FAKE tears Schumer.
trump is a champion of trump, people who flatter him think they are safe, they are not. He is motivated by HIS needs only. btw you rock.
PPl y do u want Big Gov in ur life so much? U cant go to bank and set up a retirerment plan? Do u really trust Gov w ur $$$?
Medicare and Social Security will be next
He is a champion of HIMSELF & doesnt give a crap about working Americans! Hes a greedy, selfish, sorry excuse! #impeachtrumpNOW #trumprussia
https://twitter.com/johnsweeneyroar/status/834120721156698112 … Yep he's quite the con though selling to us he's for the working man.
.@realDonaldTrump sd on oath in '13 he hardly knew Russian-born gangster #FelixSater. See him react when I press him https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=9N5Kun2sJPA …
Beach cat make sure you go to that John Sweeney tweet and see Trump walk out of the interview.  This is key to the Russia investigation.
@AARPadvocates Anyone can go to their bank & have funds auto transferred to an IRA. We know how respon gov't is w money.
@AARPadvocates What we DON'T need is more GOV'T in our business. Passing this bill will encourage bus to offer 401ks.
@AARPadvocates This is FAKE NEWS, Chuck. Shame on you. Ever hear of ERISA? Obama's bill exempted ERISA protections.
sissy!
Republicans going lunatic on us
A-H!

Just one sock to the gut after another. Repuglicans are out to destroy the middle class.
Which means that the REAL beneficiaries arrrre.... *tympany* THE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Once again The Republicans want 99% of us to carry the load so the 1% can get another tax break.
First, they say, leave more decisions in the hands of the states. Then, they take that right away. What?
Start doing your job and stop obstructing everything just because it has a republican label on it....the next election is coming...
Obama-----has done more to harm blacks than Clarence Thomas

Great article http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8096839/1/#new …
DJT is the opposite of a champion of the working people, now only supported by one issue voters: anti-immigration or anti-islam.
Tr..p is a champion of the people as much as Ivanka represents working mothers.
If @SenSchumer truly carried about American people vs lining his pockets with our $$$ he'd #StepDownSchumer You are killing the #DNC
The WH wants to kick healthcare to the states but wants to restrict the states' ability to create retirement plans?  Why is this a priority?
I'll believe Trump's a champion of working people when he reduces the membership at Mar A Lago to a rate that a WV coal miner can afford.

Np
Good luck.
If they could figure out hoe to restrict & control the air we breath I think they would! Vote them the hell out in the midterms & beyond!
@AARPadvocates this is outrageous and must be stopped
It's their way of thinning the herd...
#VoteNo #TheResistance #DeepStateAI
 “ACA Vs. TrumpCare” by @DeepStateAI
Middle class working families have been destroyed under your tutelage @SenSchumer  only thing you've been a champion is filling your pocket
Come on Sen Schumer, you know @POTUS has no good sense.
Dream on.  Trump is delusional and can't comprehend reality.
Wishing @potus is a champion of working ppl is a ship that has sailed. He is the champion of big business & of who ever has his ears.
Why say this?  He's not and never will be so let's say what he is not what he said he was
What kind of a country are we going to end up with ???????????
He should veto that worthless thing you call a budget
I have an idea. Give @POTUS the line item VETO.  I bet he would if you added term limits to the bill.
I suggest you talk to retired folk before falling for this con. Most relocate to try and afford descent life. Dirty Democrats
Who makes enough too retire. Like If you can retire: Live comfortable vacation in summer house? Have pension, 401k? Dems destroyed long ago.
@frankdugan @POTUS Flashback to #PaulRyan in 2008: https://www.youtube.com/embed/Hdr49iGZOUw …
What retirement plan are you referring too. There is no retirement bc there are no jobs that pay enough to retire outside Government jobs.
Trump is only a champion of Trump

#CockHolster
Do you Chuck? Do you call on him to do so? And then with your next breath you'll mock him. Learn how to reach across the isle you tool
You tell em Republican Dan! Trump would NEVER mock anyone!
If the AARP want something it has to be shady Chucky. Those crack pots gave us Obama. And you are still a weasel.
And if you truly weren't an #$%^&% he might actually care about what you have to say.  The bill does no such thing anyway.
And the rich get richer!!!
He is for the working people, you are not. Can't fool us
So you're saying gov agencies should be exempt from consumer protection laws?
Stand up against TrumpNoCare!!!!
@SenSchumer surely you jest! He is NOT a champion of anyone but himself.
No they want seniors to dies so Ryan can get their SS they don't need to worry about health care- no quality of life in retirement
wtf is going on! Why would anyone do this?
Mr.Schumer..I Travel ur great State visiting Familigia in Providence..Sir..Its BLOTUS!!..Spec.Prosecuter..Plz!!!..#Resist#TrumpRussia
You'd give 0 credit if he did. Next
I don't understand the petty meaness
just threw up on my mouth! Hate when that happens. U have shown that u do not care about ability 2 save 4 retirements. Delphi Delphi Delphi
Of course you would be for a government pension plan. Live off the working man's back. You have never had a real job. But you spend our $
@realDonaldTrump doesn't care one bit about Americans. He cares about stroking his ego and undoing ANYTHING @BarackObama did. #TheResistance
What ever happened to states rights?
Of course most of us know better...
Have you no shame #TrumpTrain?
If you were a champion of the workingman you would do something about the Corrupt @MTA and @LIRR
Why don't Dem leaders hold town halls where those representatives are not showing up? Go to where the yes votes need to be no's. #truth
has one of the most popular tweets to @realDonaldTrump today - via http://PolitiTrends.com 
Senator, we know Trump is a corrupt, con man, who only cares about enriching his family! Take some of his security funds to pay for ACA!
@RoyBlunt Did you vote for this sad piece of legislation ??
I have probably asked this 1,000x - What the f*** is going on?
Trump is a champion of trump. No one else.
You will lose again!
Why is American government so intent on pounding the working class? This kind of stuff is pushing the country back 125 years.
Schumer, you are a totally DS! Trump is a champion of the working man. He's doing an excellent job as president!
Do not let a single Dem for this crazy Trumpcare bill!!!!
How is this happening??
Like We'd believe anything U or AARP has 2 say?! Uv never helped the working man & woman! Uv just used us as ATMs for Ur personal crap!
Stop with the benefit of any doubt and start with the torches and pitchforks.
It is time to storm his Frankenstein castle.
And if my aunt had balls she would be my uncle but she doesn't and he isn't a champion of the working people
. @SenSchumer could do the working man a big favor by shutting his Cock-Holster and retiring.
He won't veto anything. He enjoys signing his autograph too much.
You must be joking!!! You have no credibility!!! He isn't listening!!! Senator NO TEARS!!!
Serious question @SenateGOP ..WTH is the matter with you?
I can't believe what this administration is doing to the American people. How can anyone in their right mind support the GOP. They hate us.
@senrobportman @SenSherrodBrown please say no
Drain the swamp!!! Why would I want Government involved in retirement plans? Everything you get involved with fails.










But hes not. Maybe next time dems can run a better candidate and NOT lose to DJT.
He wants to make the rich richer and the poor poorer.. this is clear

Workers rights important yet we need to be more concerned with healthcare disaster the Trump administration is attempting! No vote only!!
Please @SenSchumer when will this stop? We are in the APOCALYPSE!
AARP Self Serving Crap They Sell All day long And Ask Us To Pay For Insurances That  Are way Too Expensive And Carry Conditions of Coverage.
@WhitfordBradley @POTUS @AARPadvocates Between healthcare costs and tax cuts for the rich 99% of us will never retire.
Go away
Spare you tears for tomorrow's vote on the repeal of OC
o shut up
@SenFeinstein @KamalaHarris   Vote NO on any bill that restricts state's rights to create and maintain retirement plans!
