No absolutely not president Trump should stop the payments to insurance company and let Obamacare implode
And there's 9 million Americans that do not have health care at all Medicaid is not worth the money it's being paid
HELP! Insurers & drug cos big profits while premiums & deductibles skyrocket. Not caused by ACA. We R suffering
The insurance companies raised premiums and deductibles on earners because of ACA new rules on insuring everyone. No more preexisting conditions, no cap.  What did we think was going to happen to the cost? Profits because middle class pays much more than they should.
You support a bill that is killing Americans and putting huge financial burdens on the poor. You are the lowest of them all. Loser!

If you Democrats would quit obstructing and work maybe I wouldn't be choking on my deductibles. Shame on all of you. And I was one before
Senator Schumer: please make an emergency aid bill a reality
It good to have money to help people in time of emergency.but without healthcare people lives is at risk
Can a president be charged for dereliction of duty?? Ergo: AMERICANS IN PUERTO RICO. Do no Harm defend against any threat foreign & Domestic
Senator, will you press @realDonaldTrump to send the military to help PR?

@POTUS NO to insurance company bailouts so that $135 Billion can be spent annually on ILLEGAL immigrants who get FREE healthcare. Unfair!
WHY DO YOU FORCE US R FINE US ON OBUMACARE-CONGRESS EXEMPT& CALL IT HEALTHCARE-PLUS-I FIND OUT MANY GET DONATIONS FROM SAME COMPANYS. PAYOLA
How about you go ahead and do it? WTF Chuck. Make it happen.
Chuck doesn't control what comes to the floor. Talk to the 
He needs to talk to  and make it happen or stop all business until it happens.
Until Republicans talk to the  nothing will happen. Dems can only do so much. They will change filibuster = worse
Let them change the filibuster. Then Democrats can easily reinstate every Obama improvement Trump tried to erase. Go ahead make my day!
What Obama improvements? This should be good.
Bot
Bot what?
Surely you jest. They are #GOPhypocritesALL #GOPpartyfirstcountrylast #GOPmoneyandpoweraretheirgods #GOPservefundersNOTcitizens  1/
GOP care only about pleasing their funders and do not care about those they purportedly represent, even less about territorial citizens 2/
They were too busy trying to ram through the ACA repeal ordered by the Kochs to even consider the disaster in Peurto Rico. So now... /3
they'll put the repeal on hold and move on to a much bigger farce, tax cuts for the rich and corporations, neither of whom have a need. /4
They couch this effort as a reform. There will be no reform. Taxes on corporations and the top 2% should be increased significantly... /5
to pay for the desperately needed infrastructure rebuild, looming climate change disasters and to stop decades wealth gap increase... /6
but they don't care about any of these things, America, Americans anyone but themselves because #theirgodismoney

Why is it my responsibility for my two job working tail to help pay for everyone else's responsibilities? SELF REPSONSIBILITY! YOU PUTZ
The health bill needs to get done but Puerto Rico needs help now.
#getitdone
Trump don't do lots of things the right way he does as he wants he mine as well be impeached now
Who pays for it? Not the dems
Lying Chuck an American embarrassment
The government has no business involved in healthcare ! They sell Americans out to special interests and Lobbyists You Are Corrupt Chuck !

My question, Chuck, is why isn’t there a contingency plan already in place that can be adjusted for every emergency?
Cant afford the healthcare, no need to take it away. Cant use what i cant afford.
Or we should do away with DACA and deport ALL illegals and take care of our own. Chuck out Schumer!!
"No man is an Island"
WHY DON'T U TELL EVERYONE ABOUT UR LETTER TO THE DEMS DECLARING ANY OF THEM WORKING WITH REPS EVER WILL LOSE ALL THEIR $ & CAMPAIGN BACKUP?
The problem is that you politicians are not made to use the garbage health care plans you expect the rest of us to use.
How about proposing politicians have to use what the rest of the country uses? Current plan is so good, how about you using it, Chuck?
How would you feel if I invited you for dinner, said the food will be great, & then I went out to eat after I served you my cooking?
Obamacare made health insurance unaffordable for 15 million Americans.  But Chuckles doesn't care.  Typical dumocrat lying as always.
Thought that was part of your job?  How is your health care?  Oh yeah tax payers pay 70% of the bill
DJT wants 2 work w Dems to punish Rep.A REAL Pres would call 4 Rep/Dem/Ind  to work 2gether!He doesn’t want u 2 work 2gether!Divisive is he
DJT using Dems to punish Rep. A REAL Pres would call 4 Rep/Dem/Ind  to work 2gether! He doesn’t want u 2 work 2gether! Hes awful
He’s using Dems to punish Rep. A REAL Pres would force Rep/Dem/Ind in a room to work 2gether! He doesn’t want them 2 work 2gether! Hes awful
There should be no more money into a failed HC system (obamacare).  The state bill makes more sense than any other before it!
put your knee on the floor schimer
Quit lying. The GOP IS TRYING TO FIX WHAT YOU SCREWED UP. Can't help that things are so messed up it probably can never be fixed
oh, chuck
Den Schindler: I'm thrilled the repubs were defeated on the ACA repeal. Plz do something to bring premiums &deductibles down. Thx 4 fighting
But it was ok to cancle 57,000 Americans insurence so u can get 20,000 people insurence that did not have it..U was ok when Obama did that!
The time when the ppl need Gov for natural disasters Trump & majority Repubs rather try taking away HC which should be a basic human right
Do they even know how anymore?
Please suspend the Jones act!
At least in the form of a tweet.
HELP PUERTO RICO! Why did Congress work hard for FL & TX but not PR? They're American citizens, you're a week behind
@chrislhayes Private markets realize record profits, please explain the, "stabilization", "shore up" or whatever term used.
@chrislhayes Most bullshit aside, how do you justify more taxpayer dollars for an inferior product? Costs are to "trickle down"?
@chrislhayes "Emergency aid bill". Fancy name for public financed bailout of private markets. Neoliberal trickle down...
What is his & @GOP's explanation for waiving Jones Act for Texas but refusing to do it for PR?????
Helping the average Joe is not in the @GOP plans but if you are worth millions of dollars then hey they are here to help you.
& undo shipping restrictions they denied releasing yesterday.  Inhumane!
& no tax 'cuts' should be discussed until then #shameful  @GOP
Keep pushing. Put GOP on notice. Fix/fund ACA. Hell, tag th with the "poor man's death club"moniker.
Chuck, they are not going to do this. Stop saying should & DO IT. be on the record as proactive.  Also, get on  DHS.  Puerto Rico needs help
Nah, they'll do tax cuts for billionaires.
Move to impeach if he has no heart for saving American lives in Puerto Rico! Unfit for office! Not fulfilling his oath! #ImpeachDotardTrump
Nah. If they can’t kill thousands via ACA repeal, they’ll settle for killing thousands through abject neglect. As long as people die.
The Republicans have proven they can't accomplish anything that helps us
That's been a issue for years whenever one steps into office. Life become harder
And Chuck, you should be demanding hearings and press coverage on hacked vote and how to protect next election. It’s called Multi tasking.

That would require the gop to actually care about people. They have proven otherwise with the exception of few.
instead of ignoring that 28 million uninsured and even more cant afford their deductibles Chuck Schumer should be pushing for #singlepayer.
LOL only Hayes buys into this crap-POTUS has already done this before the storm hit, Democrats are holding it up-anything to destroy POTUS
Schumer once again, wanting to spend money he doesnt have.
taking AWAY HC?he's making people grow up.26 yr old mom works two jobs gets 354 in welfare and every time the kids get fever she runs to ER
I pay for that shit and lost my job in may and cant get any help? Better look again. Or start checking people out for help!!!
Is the US Comfort on the way to PR ? Mixed reports. Also waive the Jones Act! These Americans are dying!!! The need help NOW
37 years in Congress. So you're the reason we have a trade deficit, porous borders, unfair taxes and socialist teachings our children. 
I am done paying for Obama care ! It's crapp and only getting more expensive ! Let Obama care implode ! This is the Dems fault!
Emergency aid?....I thought Obamacare was the greatest thing since sliced bread
That would make way to much sense!
Absolutely
I call B.S.  Whats the matter Chuck? Don't you have staff that know how to write an "emergency aid bill" Dude you are so fake.
@ShelbyHappy This should have been done before Maria hit! It's not like it happened without warning. @realDonaldTrump is evil!
And a package to protect DACA
Nope!How about fund full border $$$ first?
Congress should do that get your act together and stop playing politics. It's not your way or the highway, you better come to the middle
Your Fannie scheme took $400k from us, now you have to take the rest of my retirement & my medicine? You're a sick person Chuck #GruberLibs
You do it
How about the millions that are footing the bill for Obama care but can't afford to use it? Can WE go to the Mayo Clinic? #RepealAndReplace
I'd love that wouldn't U Chuckie!?Emergency Aid is already on its way!Obamas lying health care can go down in flames!We'll take the penalty!
You politicize everything!  Why don't you focus on reducing the debt in this country!
You do know bills don't come from presidents but you can put one down
Come back to reality Chuckie! 48 Dems couldn't find 4 real men among them with a heart 4 the poor. I remember when Dems supported us. Shame!
You are a shyster!! Obamacare is hurting many Americans it is not affordable!! Shame on you!!
PLEASE stop lying to our most gullible people Chuck!!!! Dammit. We can still buy it but WITHOUT the govt stick whacking us if we  don't. Wtf
@cherokeesher2 Do it yourself!Do it as many times as they tried to repeal O-Care.They won't submit a bipartisan bill.LEAD!!!!!
@kincaid323 But, that would require empathy, leadership and foresight...
Great point @SenSchumer. How many millions are already suffering in the US, besides hurricane victims?
Pay BIG health insurance companies.  Remember the days when democrats hated big insurance.  Great to be a liberal!
I think you should suggest another meeting with Trump!  Say if you want a WIN, work with the DEMS.
You Dems own ACA. Don't think you can pawn it off on GOP.
you know if you make 33grand you pay 375.00 a month with 3000 dollar deductible...told my friend quit job free
you are an idiot!
This IS our highest priority chuck. #puertorico
Why?  To ACA is great. You said so
why ???  you will never  do anything you are disgraceful
Kick the can down the road!! No tax dollars for a failure!!
It's the last thing on his mind.
how long did you run the Congressional #SpyRing for? will you let @RepDWStweets take the fall for you? #AwanBrothers #CrowdStrike
Who cares about Puerto Rico?  They're not even a state. Let them die.
Let Zerobamacare fail.Let healthcare continue to spiral until it collapses.The dumbocrats know it's failing.LET IT FAIL. #Schumersucks
The designer of Obamacare said it was designed to fail!He said we stupid Americans would like it!Apparently some of you stupid ones do!
You do it. And by the way how much have you donated to any of the hurricane disasters?
Hey Chuck, we originally broke the Russia story years ago give us the credit.
What about the hundreds of millions that can't afford it or afford to use it I'm sick and don't have $6000 deductible. You're killing people
The millions you talk about are getting free health care on the backs of tax paying Americans and how many of them are illegal criminals
I'm an American, not a criminal, and I PAY a premium for my health insurance that I was able get via the ACA. Do you really think it's free?
Sigh of relief for Americans or illegals ?
You're not trying to use the relief bill to bargain with, are you?
Either come up with what poeple need or get out of office scumbag!
.

Defund the GOP

@SenateGOP 
@SenateDems
@msnbc
@maddow
Can't do that! It would pass!
Agreed. But Chuck, it would be nice if you got on board with
#MedicareForAll
 Stand with us. ~ MaryAnn
Well, Chuck, you & Nancy need to strike the deal!
How r u going to fix it! Paying a lot for my healthcare..I don’t get it for free..I am an average American..help us!!!!
You missed the memo, Chuck. Obamacare is being allowed to fail. This was McCain's plan all along.
And you Schumer should get to work trying to help put together a health care bill. But No you just sit around critiquing Trump & trouble
Throwing good money after bad is not going to work crybully.
" Screw that" Obama Care is a noose around Democrats necks & it will cost them in 2018 i wouldn't do anything let Democrats go down with it
Please be sure to hold the pork...
You broke it You fix it!!!
Reality millions have insurance because of #ACA but those same miilions DO NOT have healthcare($6000-$12000 deductibles) WORTHLESS COVERAGE!
Time for you to cooperate!!  You are just too partisan!!
instead of rushing ot cameras and twitter,  why dont the dems put a plan out for us americans to see?   stop whinning about it and do it!

What health care? Oh yes the stuff we pay enormously for and get crap care in return.No health care is better than http://B.O.care !
Well, yeah. What took you so long?
@IndivisibleTeam @MoveOn @HouseDemocrats 
Thank YOU everyone that protested for this day!! You're AWESOME 
 U ALL
Can we move quickly to repair the ACA make deals with insurance companies to stabilize the market?
Fix ACA, yes!

End ACA sabotage!

VOTE OUT ALL GOP Reps sabotaging, voting for, supporting ACA repeal.

Impeach Trump Pence
Mr Schumer. Millions already have lost healthcare. All while you and congress get a free ride. No healthcare premiums and small deductibles
DAMN IT! YOU ARE SOOOO RIGHT & ADORABLE!
Insurance companies are the problem. Spent 6 Months 21 refusals till they finally paid out. We are stuck with Cigna. CEO billions per year
Thank you, @SenSchumer. Please, @POTUS @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr, we need an emergency aid bill TODAY.
40% of Puerto Ricans don't have drinking water. Only 11 of 69 the island's hospitals have fuel or power. https://twitter.com/BBCJamesCook/status/912748997806190592 …
Well Chuck, I can barely pay my raising cost and you and the other politicians don't care. If you did you would remove the ACA exemption
Why? You are not voting for it.
Where is YOUR fix for Obamacare? You've had 7 years to fix the mess you created. SHOW US *YOUR* FIX!
Why don't you and Nancy do it?
Why don't you step up to the plate, bat boy!
People's POTUS is not taking HC away from any american citizens u on the other hand gave us money grabbing tax obama care that u r exampt
Hmm, stop the world Chucky wants off? Apparently confused as to his duties as a United States Senator. Who controls the money?
Not POTUS
Got donation email from 45(y im on list?) it says"My goal is to bring all Americans up!" Sum1 remind him PR is USA #PuertoRicansAreAmericans
Then tell them to recind being PR. They chose to stay PR. On March 2, 1917 they made the choice to not be US citizens?? It's true 
They're a territory & considered American citizens by law. They do not have a voice in the senate, but, legally, American citizens w US laws
Like, TODAY!
What a great idea!

We need to tske care of our own first
Instead of forcing millions to have health care that dont want it, we should lower costs of those who actually work for it
@SenSchumer Do it Chuck. You also have power. Help bring Universal healthcare to the United States.
I don't think Puerto Rico has enough white people for Trump to care. That is really sad in this day and age. Why is he still President?
@SenSchumer Do it chuck. You also have power. L

Listen Mr. Schumer: you are so full of s_ _t! Work with Rebl with NO STRINGS ATTACHED. Obamacare has sunk AND THAT IS ON YOUR BACK?
How about not forcing me to purchase overpriced insurance that includes services I will never need or use. Pass a bill like that Chuck.
This is why the #HealthCareDebate is so important to people like me w/#preexistingconditions. My #hemophilia med costs over $163k PER MONTH!
Well, if @realDonaldTrump and @SenateGOP don't, @SenateDems should.  Playtime is over, Boys and Girls.  Get to legislating!
To bail out Obamacare?
Chuck why not put your fix proposal front and center for review and possible inclusion... Bitching won’t work for the people
Yes @chuckschumer why don't you push for it? This administration & @GOP certainly won't. They obviously don't care about Americans.
Blah blah blah always thinking of everyone except the American ppl old Chuckie boy
Yes, totally the right thing to do. Waited 8 yrs for health Care what's another 6 months. PR needs massive help NOW!!!!
Y es. That would be the proper thing to do. So this administration won't.

You made your bed Chuckie!!
YESTERDAY
Stop jawboning and do something productive. YOU ALLOWED ACA to get out of control w/o fixing  because mid income folks not you base
They tried, but the Repubs rebuffed any and all efforts to do so.

Truth!
Schumer, you & you dems buddies have fuckup our healthcare system & now you want to keepup this farce & repair it! It needs to be repealed.
GOP and Trump find poor people, the middle class and the majority, in general, a nuisance.  We inconvenience their lives.
You need to work with the President instead of stymieing- you and the Democrats are injuring American people.
You are such a big liar!!!! Phony phony phony
And you sir should just stop flapping your Jaws.
You can't do both?
Throw more money at a dying Obamacare is absolutely dumb. No amount of money can fix the Obamacare nightmare
Obama care took insurance away from millions already Chuck.
You lie, Obama care is NOT insurance the cost & deductibles are too high. What good is a policy if you can afford the deductibles.
AMEN, I think!! 
IDK about U,But I havent seen a Functioning #GOVT since #CitizensUnited,The #US no longer belong 2 the #AmericanPeople! #Oligarchy took over
How long before you do something about the stolen election that you guys desperately don't want to talk about?  FYI we're not that stupid.
Wasn't until legislators yelled that massive support began coming to PR on Monday and Today!
Puerto Ricans took offense when Trump went on a Twitter rant about athletes and their views on race relations but omitted crisis in P.R!
