If @POTUS refuses to carry out the law, every American will see that increase in their monthly bill & know that it’s a #TrumpPremiumTax.
So u pass a bad law that can't sustain itself and if he doesn't bail you out it's somehow his fault. I wish I could run my house that way.
Trump needs 2b compelled to make payments. I don't understand how he cannot pay when ACA is law of the land & he gave oath to follow laws.
Agree ALL should follow law of the land, ACA. Must compel Schumer & cohorts also. Don't call out 1 when those doing the calling DON'T EITHER
Schumer doesn't realize the President is not making these payments, the taxpayers are and we are tired of his looking down his nose at us.
And then what?? There are serious problems with ACA. You have fixed NOTHING.
Suck on chuck
No you guys are on vacation did nothing to support the people who have Obama Care. Bye bye next election you will get what you deserve
So potus needs to save your crappy sinking Obama care?  Don't think so, vote out Cuomo and Schrumer, make ny great again
REPEAL Obama care NOW!!!!!!
B
Schumer and his staff receive a $12,000.00 subsidy for their health care costs.
Why arent his constituents entitled to this perk?
Everybody in Congress gets that perk, not just Schumer.
None of them should get this perk.
Agreed.
That's BS! Bailing out the insurance companies with our money because ACA is extremely flawed is not the answer.
Is the Russia myth taking its toll on the Dems?
The @SenateDems and @HouseDemocrats better wake up and smell the anger. 
Forget the insulting #BetterDeal and give us #MedicareForAll
Better get government out of healthcare Osgood!!!
Impeach Cheetos please
To hell with Murray
THANKS TO DEMS FOR FIGHTING FOR AMERICAN PEOPLE! CALL ON @POTUS TO MAKE THAT PAYMENT ?
maybe you should read this article in Forbes. Senator u should Know the Laws, you are a Lawyer .
Nonsense!
No payments. Stop Taking money from insurance lobbyist &big pharm pacs and giving them buyouts rates will go down
Mr President pay terrorist, like bama did, why we are here! Dems can never be trusted again!
Wealth redistribution is all it's about
Sorry, premiums have been going up since beginning.ACA nothing but socialist takeover of healthcare.
Chuck and patty,are nothing but liars.  The system is failing and they play politics. Trump do not pay@potus
Obvious why you want CSRs. All of capital hill taking them. You sure don't want to pay what we pay. Stop lying Chucky!
Chuck means to stabilize is to work out subsidies for higher premiums for working families to pay for free healthcare as a federal tax
Senator how about being a LOT LESS CONFRONTATIONAL and reach out to Republicans to solve issues addressing all Americans. Stop dem bias!
Only After: Senate/Congress to give up exemption to ACA . (OPM rule 78 Fed. Reg. 60653-01).   CC @POTUS
Are you saying if POTUS health insur for "Congress" etal. Then you all dont work? You shld B insured only if ppl R !
No he must stop them now! They r illegal! He shld cut off to Congress all subsidies for health insurance!
Time for them to fail. I am tired of throwing good money after bad.
So many tweets with so little to say
Alexander is a nortorius RINO. Not impressed. We want REPEAL.
Congress needs to have what we have! Aren't we all 1 country and you all do work for the citizens.
not gonna happen !!!
Stop dictating/ obstructing/ you incurred $20 trillion in debt because of democrats irresponsible & corruption
Why so u don't have to pay ur share ur beloved obama gave u & the rest of ur political hacks a free ride on American tax $ No more pay up
Lyin' Cryin' Chuck seems worried about his disastrous NObamacare law now that the Dems completely own it.
I'm from Washington state and patty Murray sucks. She won't be re-elected
Why should we believe anything you say about the ACA now, when everything you said about it in the past was demonstrably a lie?
yet the courts say the payments are not legal.
Make him by passing legislation.
NOT Paying!!!!!! TRUMP 2020
Any legacy will do for #45?
There is now hope that  Dems & Repubs can work together for the good of the American people
@POTUS Make the CSR payment at the same time you take away the 73% subsidy to pay Congress and staffers INS.
Oh, just thought of this: non-taxable profit up to a certain amount IF profits over and above are used to raise wages, offer benefits, hire.
take away Chucks 73% subsidy today so he feels the real healthcare pain we all feel.
Chucky blow out you're a--!!!'
No.  Blockgrants
And why haven't you bee doing this? Go resist...we dont need you failed dems. Let the people see what they bought. Just a bunch of shit.
Drug Cos need stabilizing too an rX I bought in April for $300, now cost $1000...its a generic too.
No! dems need to stop obstruction and resist to help clean up the mess the dems created.
Why? @SenSchumer
STOP ALL YOUR OBSTRUCTION CHUCK
You are single handedly turning the Democratic party into the UNAMERICAN party. Congratulations!
Good luck!

Yeah, yeah, but, once again, you need to end health insurance system replace with health care system.
OMG Chucky is worried that his healthcare might lapse.
Need my civics lesson for the day... why pass a law then leave it up to @POTUS to decide whether the government will comply with it?
Stop trying to blame the President for this mess!!
Let me translate: Prepare for huge bailout, working Americans.
Don't want them to cut off your flow,  right Chucky?
Little man, O'Care is a failure like you and your party. The people are on to you crooks #PovertyPimp
Pay your bills @POTUS
No CSR payments to Obamacare!  Hope Trump takes all your exemptions away also!
He is such a bad person he may not. God help us...
I've heard that he has a long history of not paying bills.  It won't bother him a bit to simply ignore it.
He's determined to undermine the ACA Only reason it's in Jeopardy because he & GOP have forced that issue and left the companies unsure SOS!
but I thought you hate big business/companies?? Why do you insist on their bailout?
@realDonaldTrump dont trust the @DNC
Please make sure individual mandate stays. It's not fair for the insured to have to absorb the cost for uninsured.
Never make the payment. It's need to fail to give America what they asked for not some B.S. get out of ins
Got your attention when he's not going to subsidies your ins.
JUST IN: Thank You President Trump!  Dow hits 22,000 for the first time ever
And Congress has to make sure that happens. Be the parents here, he obviously needs some adult supervision and instruction.

So your answer is throw more money at the problem?
So why have ins. markets run up premiums and abandoned so many areas pre-current administration? ACA built on faulty model.
How is this Constitutional?  Separation of powers, Congress has the purse strings!
How's your illegal payment doing Congress is a business exemption 30% increase record Insurance profits repeal this law
There are as many or more Americans hurting because of your law then it ever helped. We pay for our own yours theirs and record Ins profits
Should POTUS carry out the law against illegal immigration?
Let's hope he pays the CSR this month and takes away the exception to Obamacare for house and senate
Make congress usr Obama care. Why should we have to pay for something that isn't working. Return our money or replace the ohc.
Why does no one  costs of prescription drugs Big Pharma CEO's salaries & bonuses why are Americans being priced gauged why @housegop
You mean the illegal unappropriated taxpayer subsidies paid to bail out ins. cos under Obamacare that you approved?  ILLEGAL!  Bad idea!
Either way, we pay for Higher premiums paid from our right pocket or thru tax dollars paid out of ourleft pocket.Taxpayers get screwed again
These payments were never approved by congress so how is this legal?
As u know, the CSR $ wasn't approved by Congress & to make these payments is to violate the Constitution but let me guess u don't care
And what did the supreme court say about this?
Look to Germany for how they provide healthcare to all - It's WORKING there!
So they are too big to fail?
fact is,  various gop healthcare plans had basically a 14% approval by the electorate.  Not 50/50    Fourteen percent. Listen to VOTERS 2/2
somewhere the congress & prez have begun to think they need to work in their own self interest, as if healthcare views are 50/50 split. 1/2

If he doesn't make the CSR we will know he only used us to get in we will be hurt the most & KNOW it is because of Trump
He has my support to withhold them. The creatures of the swamp need to understand Americans are in need of relief and get to work #repeal
THANK GOD leave the WH Rose Garden Party of May 4th & @SenateMajLdr bakers dozen out & we could have good health care
Anthem Blue Cross, CA, just sent an email saying they will not be able to offer the same plans in 2018 due to market instability. Please!
We cannot afford higher taxes to bail out insurance co, don't you know yr middle class constituents  same one  @POTUS is standing up4
Why are you still obstructing the Pres. staff nominees in the Senate using every method possible to hold up nominees for a vote?...
U took away 10s of millions of insurance policies....some have never been able 2 afford since...will never vote dem again
Ask 45 this, if the ACA is ready 2 implode why do u feel the need 2 help it along, unless u want 2 own it because u r causing it.
Are they unconstitutional?
@POTUS ....No patches to ACA ....repeal all EO on healthcare....
if he doesnt make csr payments he needs to be sued....asap
Hey Diablo America is watching you
Any comments on the Wassarman Schultz IT scandal?
Democrats will lie for her, cover 4/her/ that's what democrats do/ keep covering their corruption & lies/ send wasserman to jail/
As other corrupt DOJ, FBI CIA agents&obama administration/ wasserman threaten White House police/ OBSTRUCTION of JUSTICE/ prison!!!!!
NO WAY YOU CROOK!  Let Obamacare fail completely!  Stop throwing our tax dollars at a system that cannot survive.  #delayingtheinevitable
Agreed! Do your legal duty @realDonaldTrump #FundTheACA
DEMOCRATS BETTER DEAL
Hair club for men is calling in there rug
Pay for your own insurance. You can afford it.
You are not the president!  Thank God.  You are not working with a full deck Chucky!  Go home!
Who aside from Schumer said he wouldn't make the payment? Shut up
NNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOO!

Why do republicans and @POTUS have to fix your mess.No bailout and Dems need to start working w majority not the other way around.
DEMS TRIED TO WORK WITH MAJORITY  THEY HID BEHIND DOOR MADE BAD BILL FOR PEOPLE
REPUBLCANS NOT ON HARD WORKING PEOPLE'S SIDE. CRAFTING WAYS TO BANKRUPT FAMILES
And resistance/obstruction does exactly what for HARD WORKING PEOPLES?zero. Dems own a failing FORCED act. What they do will be better
If Trump waits until the end of the month to make CSR payments, point out to America how Trump is not obeying & stabilizing the ACA law!
Why is your personal attorney representing Fusion GPS?
Nothing until you and your cohorts agree to sign yourselves up for Obamacare
Too bad they are not part of the law.  Too bad they have been paid against the law. Maybe the law should have been read before signed.
John, read your history about the making of the law, not read the talking points of Fox News.
So act like you care! Call a press conference on TV, and remind Trump he needs to make the CSR payments this month! Are you scared?
O now things have to get done. What happened the last six months?
Chucky, that's an interesting article about you.
It's a start, a patch, but what about a paradigm shift to #UniversalHealthCare
Are you Hillarys brother? You both are pathological liars couldn't tell the truth if your life depended on it very sad and pathetic
No more big-$$$ bailouts for the insurance companies!
We need a free market for health insurance.

@POTUS
Are you and everyone on the Hill under #ObamaCare? NO! You and everyone on Hill have us paying for your healthcare. Why am I paying for it?
No way! OBAMACARE is going down and its your fault! @realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Really well I think all you want to fo is IGNORE obama care never worked.  You don't have to worry about your HC cause your excluded.  B S
Potus should not pay ! Let O Care die !
Amen
Better start cutting agencies, research spending and programs. U tax us enough, government needs to stop spending
The payments 2 bailout insur Co that demo-liar Schumer is talking about was done by executive order & found unconstitutional by the courts
True & democrats want to do it again/ Big Government/ Bail outs! $20trillon in debt by democrats!
@SenSchumer it would be nice if you showed a willingness to work with Republicans.
@POTUS make Congress use obama care 
Let tjem feel THE pain Americans suffer while they have goverment care they own let THEM keep it

.@POTUS making CSR payment this month is akin to a ACA yes vote. Time to move in another direction sir.
Please work with GOP to fix ACA so the robbers can not explode or implode it.
Chuck: "But my donors!"
if you want something you have to give something, they  should have covered this in kindergarten. _sigh_ does Oprah know about this? #tryguy
CONGRESS controls the country's purse strings so why does trump control the ACA payments?
Let it crash.  What about us that can't afford it!
He had better pay it chuck ..
No
NO BAILOUTS!!

@AnthemInc is dropping out of the CA exchanges. My cancer survivor friend who is self employed will be dropped. Terrible.
Replace Ocare with #Medicare option for everyone and means test for low income. Encourage competition between private plans and #Medicare!
Like socialism?
Wondered when we would hear from the #MorningKremlinNews!
I wrote this. This is Emily. @POTUS needs to stop threats that terrify families
if nothing else,  t-rump HAS created SOME good actions from Congress?
Sue the POTUS and Sec. Treas. to require payments. Law mandates the CSR payments be made!
can he be forced?  overruled by Congress if he refuses?
So Dems do nothing to help fix healthcare but now want money for a failed system, and you wonder why your party has been losing since ACA
Glad to see you all working together to get things done for the American people. It's refreshing
make congress buy obamacare ..another great liberal failure..I pay way way way more so the guy making 20k gets his for spit,thats liberalism
You are not in control of power .. So please step aside and let Rep. governor.It is our turn to governor  now remember that!
