Here’s the GOP #TaxReform plan. Their cover page could be the nicest part:
In #TaxReform, @POTUS asks Rs, Ds & Is to come together for a pro-America tax code. One problem. Their plan is pro-the top 1% of-Americans
It's only for Trump. It's always about Trump.
Let me guess. The rich are getting a break........  You had the talking points BEFORE the plan dropped. Spare me your fake concern.
It doesn't plain and simple. Another wealth grab
I’m sure it’s plain as day how it helps people like @realDonaldTrump
u sure lol try research but u spout
Lowers their tax rate. You have been in Washington too long.  Ever run a business and make payroll
Still trying to figure out how obama helped the economy the last eight years.
Hint: it isn’t supposed to HELP anyone. It isn’t gov’t’s job to help. It’s gov’t’s job to protect innocent citizens from aggression.
Remove the millionaires and billionaires in the equation.....just the poor and middle class! Millionaires & billionaires don't need help!!!
Is called UN progressive tax rate. The more money you make the less you pay n the less money you make the more you pay. Counter clockwise
For starters doubling the standard deduction. Then lowering tax rate. Need more?
Says a rich white dude sitting on a couch that cost more than my fkn car did 
As if you really cared. All you dems care scout is lining your pockets with lobbyists money
another russian bot for Trump
Oh ouch. You called me a bot. How original. I’m soooooo hurt.  
I don't want to hurt you just wake you up to reality Trump is an idiot who used hate to get elected with his Russian allies.
...I remember quite clearly the hate around Trump was the people outside the arenas he spoke in assaulting Trump supporters...Go sheep 
What about the hate inside the arena's Trump and associates espouse hate at each meeting his ignorance is in full view
I notice no retort on the assaults so i guess those are ok with you but words about illegal immigration, terrorism and America first aren't.
definition of  illegal immigration under Trump anyone not white, not wealthy.  Definition of terrorist under Trump anyone who does not agree with his policies. Look at his tax package it raises taxes on majority democratic states for the middle class.  Temporary cuts middleclass
You sir do not care one bit about the Middle Class because WE voted for @realDonaldTrump  YOU only care about YOUR & @DNC  pockets not us
I don't even have to look at the Republican tax plan to know that it is intended only to help the rich.
Then you are ignorant & foolish. I took the time to read it (via the text tab per page) and was blown away at the simplicity & the ...
...massive savings for middle class & the fair tax breaks for corps if they bring their businesses back to US. & on & on.  Please read it!

We're still sitting here trying to figure why you & Schiff are covering up the Awan Congressional spy ring? #awanbrothers #spyringincongress
not just that read Roger Stone's statement how he purposefully lie 2Press twisted truth 2perpetuate Russia 1/2
& tried 2cover 4Clinton/DNC that's why they didn't want open hearings  https://twitter.com/RogerJStoneJr/status/913030301798031362 …
It doubles the standard deduction and lowers rates of middle class chuck what are u talking about
Waiting to see Democrats argue against letting taxpayers keep more of their hard earned income.
Get rid of the Internal Retribution Service
lemme save you some time, it doesn't.
Yes it does but:
You have to read it before you instantly criticize it - "Spanky".
You mean the people your party said they were raising taxes on? (Per HRC). You want all equal,, equally poor. Kings and peasants party.
Let me help Chuck.  Here are some details about the tax
cuts. Ooops, that's one of the things the 1% is using it for.
#theresistace 
#trump
ChuckSchumer is senior member on the banking committee 100% corporateWelfareBenefitsKing we don't have #LivingWageJobs #LivingWage
Good luck with that Mr.Schumer. Trying to make sense of anything the gop does is mind boggling at best
Chuck you couldn’t figure your way out of a diaper
Hmm. Does anyone else find it strange that the 3 examples have something in common? Maybe, just maybe...a union? 

Keep pandering Chuck.
You know it doesn't but at least you take time to read it, unlike the #OrangeDotard

#NotOnePenny
Really??
Or you're reading something in between tweets!! A photo opportunity. Who the hell is paying your salary to tweet all freakin day?
Dude, that's because it doesn't help any middle class.
You're just trying to figure out how to turn it into obstruction since that's the only thing you're good at. You'll fail just like before
#DrainTheSwamp .,  you only worry about your pocket!!
Maybe you should get a high school student to explain it to you
Chuckie. How did you ever pass an exam in school?? Good grief.
Maybe you are not a numbers guy. Let someone who knows what they are doing explain it to you. #MAGA #TaxReform
And who would that be?
Whoever is the dems numbers person
Sitting here still trying to figure out how this #POTUS helps anything or anyone but himself.
Just do the Mathv Angel its simple math but you cant add&subtract
Math is my career and this math doesn't add up for anyone but the 1%
Whatever I am a simply RN but thank god my math is right or overdoses & its good for middle class
It absolutely is NOT good for middle class especially single parents!
Well you are a typical dumbass. If Pres Trump shit you a gold nugget you would bitch
but your side hates cops unless they are guarding the U.S. Capital, even then Dems still call them racists
and you don't care for teachers just teacher's unions and their forced union dues that fund your reelection
Perhaps it's time for a job change.  If you don't understand how a tax cut will help the middle class, you should not be in congress.
Those career politicians don't want to let go of our money! Reason number 5,438,772 of why we need Term Limits!!!
This plan doesn't help them & cohorts That's Why they're against it! #MAGA
Exactly-they need to keep our money so they will have more to spend, barter with, lobbyist use it, entitlements... plus their cushy salaries
Schumer is sitting trying to devise another road block to helping Americans. @SenSchumer @realDonaldTrump
The jackass pretending he's doing some work
Well, let me assist: if a family of four makes $50k(which we do) and we can get a $24k std ded, that means we'd be taxed at the $26k rate.
But under the current w/ exemptions, state/local deductions, you'd be better off the way it is. New? No state ded(dbl taxation) no expt/kids
many people except in high taxes areas do not benefit from that deduction, hence middle america being forgotten again
BINGO! Only ones complaining about that are 2 of 50 states, NY and CA.
Nope, it affects a lot more, sorry.  This is not a good thing for the Middle to upper Middle class, and the lowest bracket is also up.
The plan calls for removing estate tax (over $5+million estates).  This is trickle down on steroids and it will cost the average American.
we are talking about average americans!!!!
Yes, I'm talking about average Americans. This plan is no friend to my peers.  Or most Americans.
FORGET IT; YOU CAN'T EVEN RECOGNIZE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT 2016 BROUGHT 70 YEARS OF DEMOCRAT FAILURE TO A STOP! NOW, YOU ARE SNOWFLAKES!
Experience should tell you ... it doesn't .
It helps teachers , teachers please reply
you do know that its more than professions that you think make your point better its actual people that make up the middle class
Oh wait. .... it doesn't , I'm shocked . I bet it helps the 2% though
Keep drinking the Kool aid Kristy.
Pull your head out of your ass and do some research instead of listening to the narrative. Use your brain!
apparently u don't have one
I can see where Kristy got that phrase , we all know trump voters can't think for themselves. 
That's how you know they're boys/trolls. All the same tweets, language, wording, gigs. And tons of RTs
Yep!
Chuck the only thing you can figure out is how much money your getting from Soro and from bribes. How much for trying to over throw govt
It won't help the middle class and you know it . Give'em hell Chuck .
Congress simply adds no value. They represent a huge cost, $804M in 2003, nearly a $trillion. Need innovative restructuring@realDonaldTrump
YOUR LITTLE BRAINS CANNOT FIGURE OUT ANYTHING, YOU ARE GOOD FOR NOTHING, LIKE THE PAST 30 YEARS.
Oh you all of a sudden care about the middle class?! Your dog whistle politics aren't going to win us over in the mid class.We know better.
GOP doesnt care about middle and working class. Why so many votedfor Trump is a mystery for the ages.
Bio: "artist, mom, New Yorker. #nastywoman, #GrabYourWallet #NotMyPresident #MillionWomanMarch Jan 20 2017 #ShePersisted"

Mystery solved.
i did my tax estimates based on the new standard deduction etc and it will help me alot...sincerely, middle class worker
Not the teachers and nurses in my family
Let me explain, as a Small Business, every 15th of the month, we pay in for 5 employees what 8 yrs ago we paid in for 10.
Your spoiling Chucky Cheese's special moment. He was about to cry.... Because POTUS is right! Unleash the economy that the Leftists shackled
I have a better idea shackle trump and pay your fair share of taxes corporate america
Mess y'all made with Obama,and would have continued under Clinton.
Get a calculator .. make a chart .. better yet go talk with someone who is actually middle class outside your elite bubble.
#LiarLiarPantsOnFire
@realDonaldTrump DEM, SELFSERVING, BLOWHARD Schumer, the perfect poster child for #TermLimits! WAKEUP, DRAIN the SWAMP!
Well Obamacare is costing me more than ever.
What about single moms , a guy who's working a couple of jobs to feed his family... this is a tax break for business and the wealthy only.
Democrats having no experience in cutting Taxes and will take a little getting use too. Look at it as a pay raise for American people.
Contrary to some beliefs. We can do the math. This helps us.
Supposed to do for Americans instead of instigating and trying to drive a wedge between between us. Stop being childish  and clean up the..
Obamacare didnt help the middle class, Florida is getting 45% increase in insurance Premiums. Thanks for screwing us Schumer. Thanks Obama!
If you can't see the saving for the middle class,a class you have always forgotten, then it's time to hang it up.
You can say bye bye to heaven left alone enlightenment in this lifetime. You are so immoral.
maybe get someone to explain it to you... you know, read all the words you are ignoring?
Anytime I get more money is a plus.  I don’t want it handed out to able bodied people who stay at home and cry, help me Chuck. Never Dem.
The NFL needs new stadiums, that's right up your alley schumer, pad your pockets with our money.....crook
Damn, r u that stupid?! Standard deduction is doubled!! What have u done to reduce our taxes in last 8 yrs to reduce r taxes! Shut up!
He's not stupid, he's lying.
PHONEY
The Republicans and Democrats haven't delivered any type of meaningful tax reform in decades. You both failed. Time for a third party to try
Don't waste your time. It doesn't.
You will never get it because u flunked math. You have no clue how to get anything done other than bitch bc it's not a democrat idea
Would it be better if it was written in crayon?
How the hell did you take that selfie?
Either way I nominate you to be in the 35% tax bracket since you as a democrat like taxes so much.  is tired of paying for illegals & DACA
Rich New Yorkers (like you) and Californians are going to pay MORE taxes....
Might be easier to see how the Corporate tax cuts and eliminating the estate tax helps Trump and the 1%.  Trickle Down=Being pissed all over
Lol.  Common Core should help you. Idiot
Chucky, you can't even figure out how to tie the laces in your shoes. What makes you think you can understand #TaxReform?
Good one! Think anyone believes us?
You mean #TaxPlanScam
Chuckles. America doesnt care about the top 1% they care about their own paychecks. Stop posturing please
You are a cancer to America. Your rhetoric has grown old, abusive to the process, and anti-American. Your words mean nothing.
Hey chucky, I bet if it was that piece of garbage obama's tax plan you'd be all for it huh?
Why don't you ask the middle class?  The majority voted for MAGA?
Your such a selfish back stabbing anti American moron. You fight harder for illegal immigrants than you do for the Taxpayers who pay your salary.  Why create MORE class warefare?  You act like successful individuals are not worthy and should not have opportunities 
You mean unionized labour, not the middle-class.  Hello!  Dynamic scoring!  Lower Taxes, Higher Revenue https://youtu.be/FqLjyA0hL1s  #TaxReform
@SenSchumer #TaxReform #TaxPlan what do you think that we are idiots or dum, we know what you are up to "Get Out"
You don't care about nurses.
If Obama put this forward you would be praising it. All you are is an obstructionist.
Chuck would oppose anything put infringement of him simply because it was authored by GOP! Country before party buddy
Senator, you haven't a clue about anything. Give you $1000 and put you in a house of ill repute, and you couldn't get to first base. Idiot!
Any relief for the middle class is better than none. How the hell do you know any middle class struggles, you've been stealing from txpayers
Ask someone smarter than you. Shouldn't be hard.
You will never figure it out! You still haven't since January 18th. There is no hope for you. We all know it! Election time will stand up!
He says the plan, "Is not good for me, believe me." So easy to tell he's lying when he says, "believe me". Get his tax returns - please!
Fire the tax code. Everywhere ya turn they tax after already being taxed. Online,sales, gas tax, state, city, fees..................theft...
Im middle class and this tax reform would benefit me greatly. It's a good plan, it's ok to admit it.
Should be a lot more talk during the tax planning to see Donald Trump taxes how about, don't do anything until we can see his taxes?
too bad you and Pelosi didn't get together and do the same for Obamacare
Perhaps you should have paid attention in school
what about iron workers, factory workers and garbage collectors?  Not this bill this is rich loaded.
Who do you think creates the jobs? It’s not the bottom 1%
Sitting here trying to figure out how you've actually helped anyone, like teachers,policemen,nurses & more. #TermLimits
It doesn't
As if.
maybe you should ask the person taking the picture to read it to you...
I know Chuckie, that bill is probably beyond your ability to grasp!!!
What do YOU care about us middle class. Your only love is trying to destroy @realdonaldtrump
Keep up the good fight!
Math isn't that hard Chuckie! Plus you forget, just a few weeks ago @POTUS said he had no problem raising taxes on the top 2%. Stop lying!
STAGED
@TheDemocrats maybe if you could read...have
Maxine read it to you, she can do hand puppets so you'll understand
Crying Chuck Schumer is a complete idiot!!
As a nurse, I am thrilled that I may be able to keep more of my earnings!
It's simple, it's not your money, so regardless rich or poor who gets the biggest benefit, why do you condone theft of any kind... we all are overtaxed already... it's called PERCENTAGE = FAIR
For 1 it takes away the big tax loopholes the rich use like you that you complain about
@SenSchumer  @DNC   You are a liar.  You don't care about anyone but yourself.

@POTUS 
@KellyannePolls 
@seanhannity 
#DrainTheSwamp
I'm not a real politician, but I play one on the MSM, what a joke Chuck, you don't care about the middle class, you care about cheap votes
Looks like we may go from 17% to 25%  Sucks!!
#fuckurfist
Anything that reduces government theft, would be helpful
Maybe you can also figuare out how DACA helps the African Americans communities.  Lower pay and higher rents.  I can't figuare it out
Policeman and teachers have job security, healthcare, pentions for their entire lives... Not middle class in 2017. Thnx to Obama
2/2 were you on this the 2 years you helped Obama push Obamacare if tax reform was so much more important??? Just asking for a friend!
It helps by lowering the amount of tax they pay.
Don't waste your time - it doesn't help the middle class. It helps DR, his family, and his cronies.
Yeah right. You are thinking how can I make it better for myself & screw over the middle class again.
What state does this idiot represent.  He spends more time playing with himself and representing his constituents
#Stfuchuck we all know your just trying to figure out how to #twistandresist #MAGA
It’s too simple & at the same time effective for you to understand
Awe look at that picture , you are working so hard to destroy the united states , won't happen chucky , BTW the glasses half on looks stupid
Haha-really Chuck?Explain to me how obamcrap helped the middle class-hell, just give me one little nugget of anything good dems did under O
Talk to their unions jerk.
Apparently you don't know to read? Inner city public school education ? Poor baby, now I understand your problem
Will they be able to afford #hairplugs #taxreform @RealJamesWoods #cryinchucky @POTUS @realDonaldTrump I’m tryin think and nuttin happens!
You're not too bright, ask for some help.
Take a knee instead.
Nice couch. How much did that cost taxpayers?
Stop acting like you actually care about those people when you don't. You care much more about illegals and refugees than the working man.
Never met a tax you didn't like
I didn't know you knew how to read or understand anything.
Did you know about and cover up Weiner’s pedophilia to protect Hillary? It seems logical you did.
Stop playing politics & work across the Isle with @gop. As, they need to do the same.  YOU'VE ALL FORGOTTEN WHAT YOUR JOB IS. #USASICKOFGOV
By raising their Healthcare Premiums because of #Obamacare?
This guy thinks he runs the country, and why not, the R's in Congress kiss his butt.
Hey Chucky, You're FIRED!   Get Out! You can't and never have done your job!  Stop trying to line ur pockets!
President supporters sitting around watching u, Pelosi, n mad Maxine totally destroy dem party giving us victory in 2020.
It doesn't.
"Cut taxes, cut spending, starve the BEAST!"
One thing you have figured out is how to #obstruct
That’s because you’ve been sitting on your ass for 25> years.  You’re used to it.
Trying to concoct a way to hold on to more taxpayers' money? It's all you leftists know how to do. Well, that and murder babies.
It doesnt
Maybe your fellow New Yorker your asshole buddy Trump can explain how oligarchs win, Blue states lose to fund the red state civil war v USA
People keeping more of their money is a good thing Chuck...helps them a lot
Hey Chuck, why don't you come up with something better? Why don't Dems propose something 4 taxes, healthcare, immigration, DACA, anything?
Please dont group @NSTeachersUnion who  'single handedly ruin education in America'with Groups that actually contribute to the public good
Mmm. Liberal arts degree, law degree doesn't prep one for big boy math. Who does know big boy math? BILLIONAIRE POTUS
Not surprising you can't see what's good for Americans. You never could, Chuck.
It literally took me 90 seconds, Chuck.
Oh so dramatic. No time for theatre, roll up your sleeves and do something positive for a chance
Google it chuck 
Chucky, you are reading it upside down! Doh!

If only you would have read the ACA this much
Raising stabdard deductions is a start.  How about you remove your thumb from@all of our chests.  Would be nice to breathe.
Chuck u Schumer. Lol. You’ve aged 30 years since election. I wonder how it feels to see all you’ve been corrupted for is falling apart...
It hugely benefits them. It doubles the standard deduction. What is hard to understand about that?
....always gotta give first props to those paying union dues and have a cushy pension right? The rest of us don't have that....
Oh, so now you care about cops...UNBA.
It doesn't help me at all.
While you are at it please explain why suddenly you re worried about running up the national debt by not paying for something?
#LiarinChief #LyingPence #LyingSessions #LyingKushner #DelusionsofGrandeur #LyingFlynn #LyingManafort #LyingIvanka #Traitorous1stFamily
