This Administration’s attempt to hold CSRs hostage is causing health care costs to skyrocket & threatens to leave millions more uninsured.
The GOP should drop their dangerous attempts to sabotage health care for millions & work w/ Democrats to improve our health care system.
Lies and more lies. What has happened to you, Chuck?
He's just sucking up to his dwindling constituency.  #cuckschumer #cuckyschumer
Dwindling in NYS? I can't see that happening as much as I wish it to be true.
Yes.  He's the best reason for #termlimits I've seen to date.
Fearmongering   When Russia-gate fails, when lying, leaking info fails, when cheating the election fails, return to fearmongering. #Pathetic
What are you going to do when all the evidence of Russian collusion is made public? How are you going to deny it then?
I'll probably have the Easter Bunny over for drinks and discuss it. #fakenews #whereistheevidence
I'm serious. Why won't you folks even consider that all those countries with all those intercepts and warnings found something? Cult.
When liberals admit Hillary was a dumpster fire, she was hiding info by hosting her own server, and that democrats only care about power
Yeah everyone who isn't a Dem lapdog knew that. But keep deflecting, Rob. RICO papers are being brought up against Trump as we speak.
Where are those RICO papers at, @theterriblefan ? #fakenews
What are you going to do when those papers are revealed. Paul? Are you going to accept it, or are you going be a tool?
Yeah and Obamacare has really panned out. Why are our funds going to pay for some of your free health plan?
oh chuky u have no clue...
No you dems did this all by yourselves.
This tragedy has to happen to make people see that there is no real did

This must  happen for us to see that the real division is in us
please chuck resign now
So confusing, the record profits posted by health insur co's. ACA "hurt" their biz so badly, we need new defin of word. 
No money for hair transplants?
And all the rest that pulled out before election were the fault of ?????
No, they are losing money NOW with no end in sight...has nothing to do with Repubs...stop lying, get off your ass and fix it!
Sad that all the progress under Obama is being undone.  We can't continue to allow people to suffer. Stand up & fight!
Hilarious! The failure of NObamacare is now the Reps fault. It couldn't possibly be that NObamacare is a horrendously flawed law. #clueless
That is the exact opposite of what actually happened
Satisfactory
What are you smoking, dude?  They cite losing money based on current law. Are you really this dumb?
Blah blah blah
asshat - no bill has been passed- no changes have been made. stop lying.
The Politibears say the way to save the healthcare system is to get government OUT OF IT! Please stop being such a pompus silly Human.
The American people should not be afraid of the government the government should fear the people and we are pissed off
Obamacare was a complete fraud and you supported it. Higher deductibles, higher premiums, can't keep your doctor. Obama had to divert funds.
Why cant republicans and democrats work together to pool all good ideas and get rid of the bad so the American people could benefit?
It was determined Americans should pay 1/6 income for health care in single payer and that was the goal of Obamacare y don't u admit that?
What healthcare system.
Chuck why don't the dems work with the republicans? You fools won't hears anything that try's to fix the failure known as O-Care #hislegacy
Cut spending
This is Obamacare. Tell the truth for once in your life.
What you're really seeing is the Republicans trying to clean up the mess that Obama made the last 8 years
Obamacare passed without a single Republican vote, now it is falling & Republicans are to blame? Dems own it. Its your mess.
That is a lie an u know it.Companies have been dropping ACA for last 3 yrs. for God sakes b honest Ur a United States senator act like one
That's a result of your HC law
you far left wing Democrats are idiots, don't think for one second that  the majority of the people in this country can't see through the BS
That's been the GOP plan all along !!
if you are really for americans where were you when people were forced to have insurance or pay a fine? Pull head out of ass
obamacare is crap and you know it quit trying to blame others for your failed shit
Let him who has no sins cast the first stone. All you do is BS like the rest. Do something and quit bitching.
You are a clueless, obstructing meatball..
Lying lier
Blame you guys for passing a bad bill. Not his fault. Obama care is all on you not him Chuck.
Passing that crap to see what's in it is what sabotaged the USA! All liberals need to be voted out of office.
Insurance companies are holding healthcare hostage - solution is Medicare for all!
Rep had nothing to do with it snowflake
Your so called health plan. Sucks. Snowflake. Please read Charlie Daniels letter, if needed get someone to explain it to you
RAISE THE TAXES of the wealthiest families in Kansas to pay for single payer in THAT STATE!!
REVOKE BlueCross/BlueShield's license to do business with the Federal Government!! SHOW THEM....IT'S MY TURN TO SHOW MY TRUE COLORS.
Shameful & shame on @BCBSAssociation
Such bs @SenSchumer & you know it! Why can't you be honest? BC & BS was already pulling out because they lost too much money with Obamacare!
No that's the reality of the crappy bill YOU rammed through with NO bipartisan support
You are a traitor to America and will always be remembered as such. Shame on you schumer.
You are really something else. The reason they are pulling out is because Obamacare. You have to be an idiot not to recognize that disaster.
Schumer you are a lying fool
@StevenMWolfe3 your statement is a total lie! They are pulling out because of Obama care. Democrats shoved down America's throats.
ObamaCare did nothing to improve the quality of care, or control costs. I guess @NancyPelosi should have read the bill before she passed it!
No this is all on the Dems. Ins Co have been pulling out of Ocare for awhile now because Ocare is failing. You are so out of touch
All you Dems already sabotaged the heal care with the obama lies all the problems in America is the creation of All the representatives n DC
Lie's, your efforts to control Americans did it in. Cbo was wrong and it's wrong again.Give me better options because we all want healthcare
Yesterday another insurer left.  Dems plan hasn't worked.The avg increase last year was 100% across America. You live in a fantasy world
Maybe because they can't afford to stay. The person who wrote into law knew it would fail. And as an American you're the real sabatore.
Thats because people can pay Obamacare premiums! I know Im o e oof them!
You are a liar!Your idiot bass will believe you...
The alt left democrats have ruined our country! You are the ones that have ruined healthcare!
No one really believes you you are full of Fake News
Republicans not the problem it's the fundamentals of Obama care
You can't really be that dumb! It was a terrible program that had runaway costs and provides little real benefit. Taxpayers have had enough.
31 million can't afford treatment under Obamacare.  Sounds to me GOP is improving healthcare
this is due to the ACA right?
More scare tactics! Intimidation, it's all u have! Even Dem supporters are starting to wake up and smell the coffee. You are a liar.Period .
@SituationNumba9 @KCStar Medicare for all take the dam insurance companies big pharma and huge hospital profits out of equation
u just keep on lying they are pulling out just like many others because Obamacare made them loose millions of dollars nothing to do with GOP
This is not just Trump this is Putin's plan to cause chaos and confusion. Senate needs to apply stiff sanctions on Russia right away.
Stop playing games with a manic killer. He wants to totally destroy us. Russia is not going to stand by&let you unseat hose R in 18.
Republicans didn't pass obamacare....
Just sign it and read it and lie about it later
WTP know better Insurers leaving EXISTING Dem OC model en mass. Startup subsidies exhausted. Plans aren't profitable. #AHCA fixing the mess.
Shut up and do something.
we should have the same care as Congress, or vice versa...
U think US citizens r that stupid? O care is full on self destruct. Sabotage must be the word of the day. Watch liberal news use it repet
Hey @SenSchumer how stupid do you think we are?! The reason this is happening is OBAMACARE. The administration is trying to fix it but...
you don't care and neither does any of the other Democrats. We can't even count on one vote from you guys. This is why you'll be gone soon.
It should've been single payer from the start anyways.  Get on it!
No your sabotage
@SenCoryGardner @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump and GOP will destroy the ACA to spite Dems but the people won't stand for it! #IwantmyACA
Go to single payor problem solved
The only responsibility they are concerned about is the CEO's salary.......
Goes to show the prople in Kansas City really are sick, too sick for BC.
ACA is a disaster.  Both parties should fix it
Well Chuck, you & your elitist cronies are to blame for sabotaging our health care systems.  Your Otrauma-care was majorly flawed from day 1
Health care for me and my family would cost 20k per year before it pays 1 dime that isn't health care it's a ponzi scheme
You make me sick Chuck
Wrong what we are seeing is a spying propoganda liberal party obstrutionists doing nothing to make anything better, just to maintain power
They were bound to pull out soon enough you nut job.
u are blaming that on the Republicans?! had u read the ACA bill before u passed it u would have known it was due to fail! @SpeakerRyan
Resign
U need to get trump and his cronies out of the WH, geesh
why r u still around?
Ha!  U lying POS!  This is ur fault & ur corrupt evil Obama Care!
Pulling out ? Where are they going to go and who are they going to insure ?
that's a b.s. statement @SenSchumer , advice, get to work and cross lines and make a great healthcare system.  It's not too late bud.
Haven't they planned on pulling out like Aetna started bailing last year?
Is the reason Dems are on notice that their days are numbered.
(212) 486-4430
#DrainTheSwamp 
#MAGA 
Sabatoge is and I do quote IF YOU LIKE YOUR DOCTOR YOU CAN KEEP YOUR DOCTOR! Idiot!!
Keyword "Obamacare".  Pulling out of Obamacare because Obamacare is a utter failure.  This has nothing to do with Trump.  Repeal and Repeal!

Look in the mirror, Chuck.
Chuck, you are so out of touch. Get realistic..you're doomed if you continue down this path...i'm really sorry I voted for you!
No they were pulling out with way. #SchumerCare is failing
In fairness they are pulling out due to the failure and rising costs due to a failed system- Trump has yet to change anything in heatlhcare
Wrong. This is the unaffordable care act imploding in accordance with the original design and intent.
Your party is the party of Resist everything, you don't care if you destroy this country as long as you take down Trump with it. Disgusting
Maybe you should've voted no until the bill was better
you really believe the crap that you are spewing, You've been refusing not only to help with healthcare but to help with actually everything
You're so full of lil chuckie. Healthcare should not be by government. No matter how good, there are some people that won't have it......
And why aren't you politicians making yourselves get on that healthcare. If Barry's healthcare so good, why y'all exclude yourselves?.....
Answer that you lying liberal moron lil chuckie. #TermLimits is what you need to concentrate on passing
Yah real good health care when my monthly bill goes from $360.00 per month to $1465.00 per month bunch of dems BS
Do you ever not lie???  

You might as well be named clinton or obama.
Enough finger pointing Cry Wolf Chuck. The system is broke and u are doing nothing to find solution. Easier for u to be coward and look away
Are you stupid? We aren't. We vote again in 2018
Chuck, you're wealthy enough to retire and shut your lying yap. Do so before Karma strikes and unmasks you.....and it will
Are u for real Schumer rep don't have a bill yet y'all own this one people r not stupid beware 2018 comes around pretty quickly
What bs this is. Time to go to single payer health care.
Get something done for the people that you represent and stop with your whining.  You are part of the deep state mafia.
BC/BS of KC is pulling out of Obamacare because it is a failing disaster. You and your party did this.
Maybe if you actually read the one from 7 or so years ago this wouldn't even be a situation.
They figure the government is about to stop payments in June!
Oh Chuckie, this is on you, Pelosi and Obama!
You crazy donkey. I knew their was a reason for having an ass as your democratic symbol, that's what you all are. Obamacare is full on you.
Your deranged, Obamacare isn't working something has got to give, the Senate hasn't even come up with a bill, give it a chance you lib!!

LOL love it
your dishonesty is breathtaking, I have never in my life seen someone lie as wickedly as you do as easy as breathing
Oh Chuckie!  You know this is due to Obamacare failure. Congrats to dems and BO! #leftyliars
@ChuckGrassley @joniernst @RepRodBlum Then their candidate in Montana, Greg Gianforte, attacked reporter for asking about health care plan!
The Republican Party, like their potus choice attacks American citizens and media! They defend #Trumprussia #Emolients #obstructionofjustice
WTF
CHUCK
Too late Schumer, you beat him to it under the last administration.
No, sabotage was forcing the Obamacare scam on us
Citizens United is driving this train. No one is innocent here.
It's just to get your mind off of @GOP Collusion with Russia
We can buy bombs to kill people but can't afford healthcare to help our people.?
You lie better than you can breathe
That is the biggest crock I've ever heard Chucky
Aren't these republicans the religious ones? I think even Jesus Christ would kick these Republicans in the nuts!Sad/Sick
Why can't we make these massive profit shitting companies PAY to leave? If they want out, they need to pay a heavy penalty <period>
For profit Corps will always move faster than GOV. This might explain why INS Co stock has gone up 1300% but they cry poor and ppl buy it
Make no mistake, this is not the fault of the ACA. This is an orchestrated attack on the American people.
dear chuckie;  SHUT UP YOUR SLIMY LYIN' MOUTH!! YOU'RE A "LOW DOWN YANKEE LIAR"-AS SHANE SAID.
Did you see the letter good ole boy Charlie Daniels sent you? What a dumb shit!
R u serous..?? Dude GET A CLUE..!!
Chuckie STOP LYING TO THE PEOPLE! BCBS pulling out is because of the GARBAGE Healthcare Bill DemoRats FORCED on the people NOT Rep Sabotage!
Only the naive believe someone in office 120 days caused this. This ... took years. U own it honcho
As they should
In 2014 1.7 billion was paid in penalties because of Obamacare. Did you yell scream and tweet about this? What did you do with the $
They need that huge tax cut to make them happy.
I just don't understand why they won't fix the current system instead of starting over. Oh, forgot. They work for their wealthy donors.
GOP is tanking our health care.  Vote!
ACA sabotaged Obamacare, what are you talking about?
I see that they are pulling out after the POS Obamacare is imploding. If you jack offs would've left it alone...
CHUCKIE,DEMS ALREADY DESTROYED HEALTH CARE,MAKING IT  DIFFICULT TO FIX..IF IT CAN BE!
PEOPLE HAVE INSURANCE CARDS..NOT INSURANCE.
That would be because the law sucks chuckie
How come you always twist the facts. Trump care is not even implemented yet so it is ur healthcare system that has caused this Own it chuck
Medicare for All
More divide + conquer. Socialized 
Medicine is a myth
Please tell the dumb trum@supporters why BC is pulling out.  They will twist this if they don't know the truth.
Tell me again why they are leaving a failing system that you voted for in but don't have.
Okay Chuck. You come up with a plan that will be AFFORDABLE with a stipulation that if it SUCKS you resign!
Hey I have a credit card and can't pay the bill. It's Schumer's fault!
Dems already killed healthcare. Fix hospital over pricing and drug costs, OK?
You are a joke.

Blue Cross is pulling out of Obamacare and it's Trump's fault?
This has been happening all over for years you schmuck #ChuckTheSchmuck
