.@POTUS said his tax plan would create a middle class miracle. I think it would be a miracle if it helped the middle class.
He's getting rid of all exemptions and deductions. Plus raising tax from 10 to 12% for low income. This is no tax break for me,,,,,
You need to stop listening to the Democrats TALKING POINTS & get the facts! #MAGA
@POTUS Poor Chuckie he has never seen a tax cut that he liked and using class warfare to keep average taxpayer's from ever getting a break.
Ur off your rocker. Chuck ur a fool
Is there anything you and your party agree with @GOP? You are a party without a leader, without a plan, without a vision! RESISTANCE ONLY!
Cancer patients shouldn't have healthcare, but Trump Administration feels entitled to private jets and tax cuts. #SwampFlyerAct #wealthfare
Love it!! #WealthFare
I take your point, but there is nothing worse then #Trumpcare
U should know a bad health plan
What's UP Chuck well let's see what you spendocrats have to offer
Schumer you have oppressed the poor your whole career,  try another path.
Really? STOP LYING! it DOUBLES our standard deduction! We NEED &want it! #hatemonger
So the little guy that's struggling and paying taxes probably will get screwed again.
As long as you have the follower like McCain you can kill any bill & spend tax payer money slavishly in senate & Congress Excellent "
And they are trying for Budget Reconciliation again!
Chuck why do you keep oppressing america
Your so witty... Not one fact just useless tweets. What have you done for the country?? Gave us a health care system that's an epic failure.
What did you and your party do for us when Obama was president. NOTHING. BIG NOTHING!!!
Chuck - I moved out of NY after college. I don’t know what I miss more, you or @Zabars. Close race. Love you both.
For those working and planning for retirement, just what is needed!
Do nothing Dims on the path to destruction
I have never know a Democrat that did not like tax cuts, spend only, social engineering, oh wait, President Kennedy understood tax cuts quite well. You Dems should try it.
Proof?
I support this President 1000 %.
Liar!
FAKE NEWS CHUCK!!!  You have no conscience!! 
Well you would say that anyway, no matter what they came up with. So common a comment from you DNC it's pedestrian. #yawn

Is the tax plan going to be like Trumpcare versions 1-3?  Bad plan, @GOP lying that plan is great. Lies exposed, people pissed. Plan fails.
Pretty much from what I've heard so far.
#LIAR #MISLEADING #READTAXREFORMBILL #LIBERALIDIOT
Let's pass it just to prove to everybody what a liar you are
How could any tax reform that gives back money to any American not be the right thing to do only if you're a Democrat would you believe that
Are you mad the people will get more of their own money back? Less money for you, that's gotta make you mad bro
Please Demand Trump Release his Tax Returns
Of course Dumbocrats want to tax more of your money and then give it away to freeloaders... Give the working people a tax break....
Hey there chucky. How's the democrats tax plan looking? Thought so.
All u care about chuck is your illegals no tears here
Let's presume DJT's plan works perfectly (trickle & all that) would a 53yr old married male in good health see benefit in my remaining life
When are you ever gunna STOP LYING to people Chuck??!!  STOP
I stand with Chuck and Nancy!
@politicalmom127 CHUCKY!!  Please go away!!!!!
No Mr Schumer. Wealthfare is already going on with people who refuse to work that are capable.
Trump & GOP trying to save face w/ #TaxReform but it's looking like another humiliating Graham-Cassidy level defeat
Corporate wealthfare 
I don't believe a word you say.
For the good of the country Schumer should resign or maybe get a serious case of cancer.
Schumer would rather hurt Americans than help Trump, but he will help illegals and Muslims.
Chucky is trying to protect the lobbyist, he needs to resign, his lies are obvious to thinking people.
Schumer is as evil and hatefilled as George Soros,he will not do anything that helps Americans and makes him look stupid
Democrats and Schumer would rather hurt the American people than pass a tax cut if Trump gets credit, traitorous.
Apparently you don't want America to be great again Chuckie. You're definitely not a businessman your a tax man
What's up with this
Whenever you open your mouth, only bullshit comes out. The only ones that feel a pinch are the states with onerous tax rates. #Hypocrite
Because he's lying
Just step down so someone else can get the job done for the people and believe me that will never be the trump
Really Chucky! U caused IndyMac Bank failure & set off panic causing 2008 economic collapse!
Welfare is right up your alley Chuck
No chuck it’s called welfare which is your plan.
Hey asshole what exactly have you done for the middle class?  Oh yeah lip service, try doing something for once and help the middle class.
Chuck your constituents mostly do not pay taxes. They milk the tax payer and probably do not want jobs. So that is what is it n your side?
Enough you an your party have done nothing for 8 yrs  take your Democratic  party an leave town your all losers an take Obamacare with you
How many you uninformed actually pay taxes?
Uhave no plan Chuck.Where is your plan on paper? Vote 4tax cuts!4Working middleclass.U Rwealthy &afraid uhave 2pay more so u &rich Nancy lie
Lies from the deranged Left. It will stop when their replaced with an American Congress. Marxism isn't for America Chuckie.
Don’t believe Pres. Trump. He’s a proven liar! Run from this proposal!
Chuck Y the hate? You need to really take a vacation! N Korea would be good for you! See how long you last in politics there you fraud 
The American people want to repeal and replace that crappy Obamacare, and we want President Trump's tax reform. Oh, and we want you fired!
You do nothing but piss and moan about what someone else is doing .. .what the hell are you doing?  NOTHING!!
Why real tax reform is so hard: biggest, worst tax expenditure - exclusion of employer-provided health benefits - also the most popular
Much better than your non plan
All that time in office and you haven't fixed taxes?
Of course it is. Nothing the Repugnicans do is meant to help the Middle Class and poor. Just continuous lies and decit!
How long have U been in office and haven't done a damn thing?? Stop being the party of obstruction, start being the party of construction!
Yes it would help middle class the ones that you destroyed.
Then why are you opposed to elimination of state/local tax loophole. Is it because your RICH contributors use it the most? HYPOCRITE!
#wealthfare I like it!
That’s all Bull shit what about the payroll deduction
Better than no care under "o" care....
The 1st two signs of whether or not it's good. Is there robust daily revenue flowing in continuously? Is significant debt being paid off?
Tax reform is headed in the wrong direction. The right direction is fiscal policy that will be efficient, fair, and sustainable for the many
If you have "little detail", then how do you know?  Way to be divisive and not work for the American people, but work against the President.
Maybe if u worked @ the office u were elected to & give up BASHING POTUS we'd all be better off!
Fake news !!!
The question is:  how many jobs are created and what assumptions are made in doing the projections.
Sen Schumer, you are determined to not agree with anything the President does.  You and your other Dems are ruining the Dem party!
Time to #TaxTheRich or eat them. Their choice.

New Fed Data: Top 10% Now Own 77% Of The Wealth
 http://peoplespolicyproject.org/2017/09/27/new-fed-data-the-top-10-now-own-77-of-the-wealth/ … 
Anything that takes money from govt coffers is bad & "tax break for rich". Youve done zero for American people. A Lyin PHONY
And so besides sending out hateful tweets, what are you going to offer.? Or are you going to stand there like a little baby crying all day?
The miracle will be if any shred of a middle class survives this farce.
When are you going  to put aside partisanship and tell the truth. This is good for the middle class.
@sandyspoint Trump wants the biggest share of wealth. He wants our hard earned dollars. How do we feel about being indentured?
On another note, Obamacare sucks and is dying a not so slow death.
#Wealthfare won't benefit me. I'm in lowest income bracket on social security.
Gee, and we thought you would like it.,..
More of Ur ridiculous lies that U spread 2 the uninformed American people Resign now! That would help all Americans
Obama and Schumer sure did create a lot of jobs, not.
You clearly can't read OR do math. Stop resisting middle class tax relief.
Chucky, you have done absolutely nothing but whine, wail, obfuscate, obstruct, complain, did I say whine already?  Geez, ur behavior is sad
CHUCK, TELL THE TRUTH! Reform will take away your SLUSH FUNDS!
Schumer will not do anything that will help Americans and the poor, he is a traitor to this country!
FAKE NEWS Chuck
Spinning the Dem lies like a top.
8 months of new admin. & you haven't offered 1 solution! only chicke little, sky is falling, CRAP, Lordy! #DeathParty
Yes, but such criticism only fuels the fire. Put forth a better proposal and go positive about YOUR plan.

And you're still ill informed and determined to undermine the administration rather that do your job, help American citizens. Pathetic!
Chuckie, make my day, I haven't seen you cry for awhile!
You sir are a bad man.
Just another lie from Trump.
Schumer and his antiAmerican party about to kill another proposal for USA citizens
Republicans have the WH, House and Senate. How is it possible for Dems to stop it if it's a 'miracle'?
Quit crying chucki. Get over  that Clinton didn't win
Obamacare remains unconstitutional and an illegal tax on people who reject health insurance. Can't you get your mind right on that point?
lol... I expected nothing less than this drivel from you. You sound like a broken record.

Chuck you're bought and paid for by the wealthiest people in America, why the heck would any listen you about taxes? What a liar!
FUCK NFL and DEMOCRATS
It's amazing that anyone voted for these people, their greed and malice are brutally blatant. Even if it's barely hidden behind their smiles
Trump has no intention on lowering tax’s for the middle class
That was Obama...fyi
Democrats are out to destroy middle class. By the way is that your house I saw. Wow you get a lot for what $160000 a year.

Negative chuckie you sound like a broken record
I'll take my chances! You & your crony's have taken from the middle class for years! No more! Socialism is NOT the answer, get to work!
Hmm doesn't sound menacing enough. I envision clowns and funnel cakes at the #wealthfare not the continued destabilization of the economy
Need a new slogan, Chuck
Was there ever a doubt after the showing their hand with the ACA, they'd be serious about tax 'reform' (aka Cuts for their wealthy donors)?
Why don't you stop obstructing progress, get out of government so "we the people" can figure out what will work and what won't work?
There will be a judgment day! You will pay for your lack ethics and lack a moral value.
If you don't like it it's got to be good
You know your statements are lies. You have no ethics. How in the world can anybody be as deceitful as you?
You keep saying work together but all you mean is to make it so bad that your party can get back in power. Health care for eeveryone. By mid
He means it will be a miracle if it helps the middle class.
Okay, that's funny:  #wealthfare
Everyone gets double the deduction. No marriage penalty. Double childcare tax credit. What am I missing
all you do is flap your gum, you don't come up with alternatives, why is that? @realDonaldTrump
When will this madness end?
It ended in November
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar. But I’ll give you credit you are one of the best liars in the USA.
Predictable @SenSchumer Just can't have a overdue change to tax bullshit. 20 Tril in debt and now you have a conscience? FOOL,give a shit?
Balance the budget, no more debt
No details as per usual. No real plan. Give tax increase to 'miracle middle class', going to take a miracle to survive. Welfare for rich.
In 2013 the Walton family of 6 Forbes reported was worth $145 billion and they have employees who receive government assistance. Bullshit.
chuck the schmucks whole premise is that you're too stupid to spend your own money without running it through the Washington mob first.
Wealthcare is a great name.
Dont say things are worse than the healthcare plan.  The tax plan is horrible but that healthcare plan would have killed people.
Facts you have none. All generalizations fed to you by Chuck, Nancy and the fake news.
What?  I assume you're a bot.  Im disagreeing with the senator right here in this tweet you replied to.
Every action that Trumps take is in HIS best interest. "Make more money" Help all of his affiliates" Reduce his "Due to Affiliates" account!
They're gonna get "middle fingered" believe me...#wealthfare
You Democrats amazed me! You lie so much it doesn’t even bother you anymore. You would know the truth of it slapped you in the face.

SENATOR I CANNOT INTERFERE YOU AND OTHERS MUST BE WISE I CAN ONLY MAKE YOU AWARE THE REST IS UP TO ALL OF YOU!
Crying Schumer is a liar.
So, it's Trumpfare
I thought you are the party for middle class. I guess not. Your party will be slowly disappearing. Voters will be heard. #draintheswamp
Nothing is worse than their healthcare plan, Chuck. But very bad nonetheless.
Chuck Chuck Chuck when are you going to stop your resistance and tell the truth? Tax reform for businesses is the only way economy survives
Democrats think they know more than the taxpayers!! It is my money not for your political ambitions!!!
You just keep whining instead of coming up with a better plan Chucky
Chuck you don't like anything!  Wait, you loved Obamacare but now you are running away from that tire fire.  Try something new, be positive
When is he not short on details? Timely-coming out with tax reform the day after health care went down and NFL too hot to handle.
Love you so much even though you're a damn Yankee.
Actually, as bad as the tax plan is, #RepealAndReplace was much worse
@realDonaldTrump you need intense governmental accounting classes followed by tax classes to see this plan is poop!!!!
You now want to code simplified. So what does that do to jobs for tax accountants!? YUGE WINNING #TAXREFORM takesaknee!
Yeah, God forbid people got jobs vs living off of the gov't. God forbid the middle class had more $ in their pockets. Horrible!!
that's not the result of his cuts
It will be a "middle class miracle" if it survives.

Hey, on what LEGAL grounds?  You "USEFUL IDIOTS" for the Democrats don't have a clue.  You just repeat the Democrats BULLSHIT narrative.
Chuck stop lying.
Hello Russia lover @realJohnGoeller
