How is the context of the two similar at all?
how is Trumpcare a scam?
First answer when your  ignorance in a matter is HUGE
I'm just here to keep it real for you.
Continue to fight for us. We're sick with stress, worry, and fear of our future under Republican rule.
Fire Chuck! Chuck must go! He'd rather fight the President and destroy it in the process. #FireScrewmer
Your insatiable spending addiction is making it difficult for working Americans to save period. Cut fraud, waste & abuse if you want to help
They are trying.... That is why 4 investigations are going on about WH !
D's are not trying to cut wasteful spending, fraud & abuse. You are aware that Obama's 8 years doubled the national debt. POTUS is trying.
Would someone tell Grandpa Munster that it's now the government s job to make ppl save for retirement.
Not*
Say it with me: there is WAY too much facial hair in baseball.
Will there be anyone alive due to so many will loose coverage? Saving would be the last thing, unless you are saving for a funeral.
Harder to save money than paying $20,000/ year on ObamaCare? Yea I think I will try anything else please
Trump does not care about the middle class we are just dirt to him, he wants us to pay for his billionaire cronies
Your Clueless?
Please, do NOT replace, just tweak Obamacare.  GOP does NOT have a better plan; it's so weak, they keep contradicting themselves
Obamacare is bankrupt plain and simple.  No healthcare plan can afford the charge healthy people same as sick people it not possible.
To quote 45 "Wrong!"   Every other industrialized country in the world does.
That's complete crap. And u can't compare a country our size to tiny countries without entitlements already sucking us dry.
Everything is based on jobs, not job training or other nonsensical social engineering for non existing jobs. Creat job atmosphere.
What a hypocrite Chuck. Retire please.
thank you! do everything in your power to protect the Affordable Care Act and healthcare for all Americans!
Better then the failing ACA
#Trumpcare will be the law tomorrow. They own it now!!! When you get back in control, signed payer. Or min public option!!
But the billionaires in the WH will be fine, so what do they care?
Its the Russians bahaha
What retirements they lost most of them under Obama
ACA didnt help as well Chuckles.
Duh since when do you care about Americans?
We can't save now because of Obama Care costs. You need to really think before you share 1/2 truths. It's getting old.
Liar.
UR Indy Mac Bank Plan cost all Americans $Trillions so U & @TheDemocrats might want 2 stay out of this discussion!!!
You know how to twist everything don't you. Cry baby
As if you give a damn about the American people! #lyingliberals
That you tax me on to give to services to everyone but me. If you stopped it that would make it easier for me to save for retirement dopey
Insurance plan the tolls I pay to go to a sporting event the hotel tax the property tax the  fees for motor vehicle the gasoline tax
If you hadn't given the good jobs overseas they would have retirement
Clown party where's my 2500.00 savings clowns?
Stop blabbing
Just as the republicans did with death panels and wait lists, you and ur ilk are now doing with pre-existing conditions. Liars, lying.
Have the GOP looked at our nations demographics?  More folks headed to retirement..take care of our Senior Citizens!
Hey Crybaby, every time you rip President Trump, you magnify what a worthless 8 years Obama spent leaving a big pile ofbehind
How bout a little sacrifice live within yr means learn 2 cook & shop st Walmart?
Senator, Get off Twitter u twit!
Honestly at what point do you think the government should NOT be in people's lives? North Korea status? Venezuela? You're a fool.
Like with Obamacare!
Sir I beg you to vote no to this legislation find a middle ground to bolster the parts of the ACA that need it and create great healthcare!
As opposed to what.... Obamacare?? Consistent collusion is pathetic.
Why do we need to pay a 3rd party to pay med bills? Health insurers don't provide healthcare,they pay bills.That's all. We need single payer
We got the wall crybaby
rigged system whydoes a manision in the hamptons pay the same property taxes as a shack in rossevelt long islandkeep telling me i can retire
NYS where we have highest sales, school, property and income taxes in the country but give welfare and assistance to anyone and illegals
Government should not be involved in healthcare period!! Chucky is prime example for term limits.
you are such a fake up at the soap box!
Where have you been last 8 years worrying about people and their having money to pay their bills, let alone try and save money...hypocrite!
Doing all that to protect citizens that DT is undoing.
Chuck, are you also a radical Islamist who hates Americans too?
That awkward moment when the media Must remind you that you're not a Muslim.

#WednesdayWisdom…
How can we save whend our taxes are so high and ACA nearly doubled our health care premiums?
Every word that comes out of ur mouth is directed at ur donors not what's best for the American people!
Are you doing anything to help Chuck, or are just sitting around bitching about this and that?
Well under Obamacare 1.0 America didn't save a dime was all spent on deductible


You think saving for retirement is easy now? 
Here's an idea for Healthcare:
Give American Citizens Congress health plan & Congress Obamcare
Do you actually think we trust Dems after how you all lied to sell the Obamacare bill back in 2009? Absolutely no credibility on HC -PERIOD
what retirement the game is rigged as you all take from one pocket to line another got threatened by a gang  last night outside my home.thx
rigged system why can a bank collect on my foreclosed home after not taking it officially for 12 years  they want 650 on a home worth 85k
no no no thats all this dummy knows. throw him out of office !
