Heartbroken that one of the sailors missing from #USSMcCain is Poughkeepsie's Corey Ingram. Praying for him. 
http://www.poughkeepsiejournal.com/story/news/2017/08/24/poughkeepsie-man-corey-ingram-among-missing-uss-mccain-collision/593350001/ …
This is the good Chuck Schumet. Your words I hope bring some kind of calm for the family.
you are so fake you hate all people...
Democrats never gave up owning people they just put them on welfare & foodstamps for their votes it worked
https://twitter.com/Michael_Fisher_/status/902353598671187968 …
God rest his soul and help his family.
Stop Resisting!!A Cat 4 should tell you it's time to work together. Approve the positions & get people in place or be remembered as a shmuck
Your heart is with ANTIFA do isnt it. hows it feel that you Democrats allow this to happen? Thought you was American
God bless you and Rest In Peace
Antifa is your and your cronies mess DNC related time to come clean Chuckie It's time to Make America Great Again enough violence 
Senator maybe we should wait 6 or 7 months to give them the money from congress Just as Cruz and the Texas republicans did for storm Sandy!
Oops! Duplicate addresses not intended
Rest in peace. Prayers to the family and friends
And he wouldn't have died if Obama had cared about navigating water training instead of sensitivity,transgender&pc training!
I don't believe Atheists pray!!
Schumer you make me sick trying to act like you really give a dam
You don't pray you whine!  Corey RIP
Who are you praying to Chuck? Liberals don't believe in God
chuck don't have heart  he nneed to resign
Like you give a shit about him or his family!!! Just a political  pon . What disgrace you are, up chuck!!!!?
RIP,  your watch is over now.   Prayers going up for your family and friends for peace and comfort.
Perhaps if your party would have approved increased defense spending years ago... this man might be alive today...
May God give the family sweet peace. Praying for them.
Lord bless their grieving hearts. Mine mourns for them
So sad
Thank you for your service and your bravery to OUR COUNTRY 
Wish u would acknowledge all of them.  God bless all those that serve.
Corey. Thank You for Your Service. Prayers to his family. 
This is heartbreaking and my heart goes out to his parents.
You don't have a heart Chuckie
All this was helped to happen by your hero Obama cutting the military back to pre WWII levels and cutting back on upkeep and funding

glad to see some one from DC acknowledging these men who lost their lives.
And the other nine, Schumer...just as important
you have a heart? must be size of a pea!
That's inappropriate here. This is for the family of a fallen sailor. Save it for another time.
Rest in peace my condolences to your friends and family
RIP, Corey.  Thank you for your service and ultimate sacrifice.  
https://twitter.com/Michael_Fisher_/status/902353598671187968 …
In hearts and prayers
National hero
RIP hero
God bless him and his family. May Our Father in Heaven keep them near His heart as such a time as this
God bless him.  RIP.
Thoughts and prayers to this family.
R. I. P SAILOR 
A Navy vet myself. Prayers for my shipmates family.and a reminder to all how dangerous even peacetime service can be
Sorry for the lost of your son!
Liar
Oh wow Chuck and you managed to post this w/o taking a shot at the President. I think you might actual be sincere this time.
Fair winds and following seas, sailor. We have the watch.
Thanks Senator Chuck Schumer for sharing . RIP
May he Rest In Peace...prayers to the family 
MAY HIS SPIRIT REST IN  PEACE, THANKS FOR HAVING THE COURAGE TO SERVE.

YOU JUST LIE.  BY NOT ENFORCING THE LAW YOU KILLED COUNTLESS AMERICANS. YOU  DON'T CARE ABOUT AMERICAN LIVES.  #FAKESYMPATHY !
You are a kind soul Mr Speaker something that is so lacking in Washington
Its sad to Lose a service member because someone was not doing their job. Get to the bottom of it Chuck. Russia did not kill our sailors.
Rest in peace,Shipmate.
YOU LIE, YOU ACTIONS SHOW THAT YOUR DIRECTLY RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS CARNAGE & CONTINUE TO PERPETUATE IT.
God Bless his family!!

Thank you Mr Ingram for your service prayers and love to your family
I'm sure you are terribly broken. Let me see your crocodile 

Honor and respect to you, Mr. Ingram. I hope his family will always know: we honor Corey's service, but we grieve your loss of a fine man.
Godspeed to all my Navy brothers!
RIP Petty Officer 2nd Class Corey Ingram.  Thank you for your service and  making the ultimate sacrifice.
I am an American that wants to say how sorry I am for the loss of this sailor, sympathy to family.
I only wished you cared consistently about ALL of our Troops within History. Bengazhi for example. However my brother has my prayers
Fair Winds and following Seas God Bless Corey and family! Love deb
SENATOR IN THESE TIMES OF DISPAIR !WE SHOULD SEE GOD'S PURPOSE !WE AS CHILDREN OF GOD ALWAYS UNITE IN DESPERATE TIMES!
Joining you in prayer

May his family and friends find comfort and peace.
Praying for peace and comfort for his loved ones.
