Then he can't blame you for not showing up!
One side says repeal chucky said no way.
Why would he work on repeal? That's ludicrous!
If he wants to work with the GOP then that's the deal.. how does he dictate terms when they are the minority?
Selling one's souls & healthcare of 22 mil ppl is NOT the deal. If GOP unwilling to make real compromise, then no point.
They haven't invited at all, so why bother w/non-existent hypotheticals. Real reform wld take compromise, not repeal & tax breaks to rich.
What u are calling a tax break they are calling rolling back Obama taxes on health insurance. It's not paying to expand Medicaid. 71 mil
Nope, it actually rolls back Medicaid to lower than pre-ACA. It doesn't cover essential benefits. It inc premiums, esp ppl over 50.
What DT has done hasn't made America great again, he's made it worst. And if he really cares about this country, he'll accept the challenge.
He will be locked up soon along with most of his party and some @GOP associates so they will not comit, they are lining their pockets fast
It's your Clinton cronies that are headed for lock and key!
Look how divided our country has become. This is not how it's supposed to be.
Get used to it. Truth has that effect.
Truth doesn't divide, it unifies.
No sir...Jesus brought the sword of truth to divide those who loved him and the parishes who hated him. Haters will always hate!
Yes #SinglepayerNow or bust!!
#Debunking #CanadianHealthcare Myth http://www.vermontforsinglepayer.org/debunkingcanadianhealthcaremyths_1?mode=preview&t=pages …
OK how about People here who die B/C lack of #HealthIns,At least he can B treated!
I think U full of it! #RW hit job!
Ppl like tRUMP think that poor ppl have no worth n our country & this is just 1 way of trying 2 eliminate the poor
The only thing to do is repeal without replace we don't want to be forced to buy insurance with coverage for everything
Like the Democrats did with ACA?  Oh wait that didn't happen. The bill had to pass before we got to see what a manure pile it is.
Over a year and over a 100 GOP amendments but don't let facts bother you
I'm afraid we'll just have to pummel them in elections and legislate with the mandates our popular ideas command. Are you ready to do that?
ONLY IF THERE IS NO REPEAL AND IS AN IMPROVEMENT ONLY! I thank you D's for trying to stabilize HC by improving ACA ONLY!!!!
You crave the coverage you would get on Trump's coattail. No one believes anything out of your mouth. You are out of your league w Trump
Senator Schumer, you spend a lot of time complaining about POTUS, why don't you use your tv time to propose your plan to fix OBama Care
https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/880149630461370368 …
You realize that just because he says these things doesn't make them true or right, right? Please don't be that gullible...
Thank you-Yes, of course!
I'd never believe the disrespectful, grandstanding, shameless publicity seeker @SenSchumer
GREAT meeting today with the best staff in the history of the world!!! 
Perfect!! You said it all.
It’d be worth it just to see 52 republicans on TV with their fingers stuck in their ears going ‘na na na we’re not listening!‘ in unison.
We DemoRats under my, the 44th POTUS, failed presidency didn't work with the GOP to pass my UNACA #Obamacare
What a joke...you only want to destroy Trump.
Schumer issues a credible challenge to Republicans on health care. Hope they say yes. @VigilanceJCWV @PersistResist2
It was a photo op, not a sincere gesture. Please don't be so gullible.


Wait, you do realize Republicans are voting against this thing, right?
What a joke, sick joke, the Republicans can't get support from their own party, and being the sick fucks they are, blame the Democrats.
Chuck .. you have to ask one of his attorneys .. we know .. sad
Free the 30 million forced to pay for coverage under Obamacare
Now that he realizes we're gonna do it without him, he wants in!.. Too late!
Problem is GOP NOT doing it. They are failing at it. GOP has NEVER done major programs like this. Always has been Dems. GOP needs DEMs.
ROTF !! How hard is it to give away other people's money ? #(D)ElitistsTheftOfTaxpayersMoney
no clue what this means even. We ALL pay into taxes for MANY things we don't all use. Health Care is not theft. I pay taxes. I use HC.
No, we do not ALL pay taxes. The working middle-class cannot afford the ACA deductibles. 1/5 of U S economy co-opted by ACA, (D)#Theft
I am working middle class, pay taxes and need ACA. With Pre-exist,self employed, ACA is my only option. Happy to have my taxes pay for this!
I'm talking about fishing and you're talking about falling out of the boat.
Don't quibble read the small print open your eyes and your heart cancer patient children old will suffer if this monstrous bill gets passed
Resign and take Trump with you.
Chucky your party isn't interested in that
To be fair making a plan with 100 people is impossible. But if you would make your own amendments/plan/changes known then would be easier.
That's funny Chucky why would he invite you you're not open to anything he says
So now you want to work with him after all your resistance you hypocrite!
You should of thought about all this before you passed such a horrible HC bill. Tell the truth Obama care needs a bail out also.
Agree!!  Let's all improve it for everyone. 
Here's a novelty let Americans decide, government has no business making healthcare decisions that they EXCLUDE themselves from
Trump won't do it, he's too chicken.
He wont do it because he wants all the credit.
Single payer, Chuck. Even you need to get on board.
Single payer sounds good but actually what it does is bring everybody down to the worst care you could imagine
obstructionist don't receive invites to party's, BBQ's or weddings
GOP obstructed for 6 years. And now they try to jam through Trumpcare with no Dems. This is an offer to compromise not obstruct.
ROTF !(R) wimps gave BO everything he wanted and then some. Why do you think they had no plan to replace ACA. (R)really were Fine with it.
Fine with it because it didn't affect them.
I so agree with this, and think djt could do himself a world of good if he followed this advice.
You know this is for show right. Schumer has said a thousand times if they say repeal the dems are out.
The GOP isn't repealing the law. They are limiting its efficacy to enable a tax break. They can't get it passed. Now is the time to repair.
Yep. Moderate Dems and moderate Reps could probably come up with something good (better) and get it passed.
How do you pay for 71 million people on Medicaid that's 1 in 4.5 Americans... obamacare was a mess and they knew it.
Do you think we have a problem in that the 1 or 2% pay too much in taxes and need a reform/ break? Bigger than disadvantaged needing help?
Yes I believe you can't keep going to that well heath care, welfare, PP, education reform, housing reform, raising the wage, tax the 1%..
Lets just vote it in like you people did Obamacare, What your concerned about the American People. "America Citizens" 1st everyone Else pays
Also I have no idea what you're trying to say in this tweet.
Me too please explain
Well apparently 3 people understand...they liked what was written...I got no explanation either.
#healthcareoffwallstreet
I challenge you and your Loony Left Comrades to close your Lying Pie Holes and sit quietly
Hell NO ! You (D) didn't allow (R) in on the Obama THEFT of 1/5 of the U S economy. #KeepLyingDimmsOutOfHealthcare. #DimmsRuinedUSHealthcare
But the @GOP cant get rich if they work with honest people for the people 
This!!!  @POTUS ,@realDonaldTrump  Is how REAL men behave!!!
Crying Chuck the schmuck!Obstructionist!  What are trying to hide? What is done in darkness will be brought to light!
What specific plans do you have? It doesn't seem like you'd have my thing to offer besides say no to any options they present
Will you promise not to start crying if @POTUS disagrees with you?  #CryingChuck
That is a baseliss request because it is made with strings attached You know chucky you are a dangerous man.people need to watch out for you
If that's what you wanted all along, then why did we "have to pass the bill, to see what's in It's. Seems like a double standard to me.
10 day regime of meds  $800 insurance doesn't cover, called my brother in Spain same meds €63 euros.. need to get the pharma comp in check!!
You are sick@SenSchumer!  You are lucky your nose doesn't grow when you lie!
we have got to remember to get fresh faces for politicians Dems and republicans come next election it's got to stop
Real Numbers Librian saw are huge Vincent and I agree Again @RepAdamSchiff
Well, we know that won't happen. McConnell has said he won't unless forced. Maybe if you tried kissing up to tangerine man some more?
Straight repeal.
We don't care what you call it, we want a well crafted non-partisan HC plan that would help all Americans. We have enough to worry about. 
You were invited and choose not to help, you think people don't pay attention
Why should he meet with you? You will not be here next time.
If only you spoke on a pedestal when the pathetic Obama Care was happening. Pathetic
I don't want what Orange Foolius is selling. He's not serious don't work with him.
Well, how's that gonna pay for my tax cuts, chuckles?
Nice idea, Senator - I hope it happens but I'm not holding my breath. He wants all the credit at the expense of the Dems. #NarcissistInChief
It's great idea, that's how the
American Govt. is supposed
to work.  I'll keep my fingers 
crossed he'll takes you up on
it.
You mean like y'all did with Obamacare? Oh wait, yeah, nevermind. I remember, y'all didn't.
DEMOCRATS DON'T DESERVE ANY SAY IN CONGRESS.All they do is make trouble and act like a bunch of Beatty children
Oops That was bratty children.Totally disgusting
yes this is what americans want not gop making laws behind closed doors & circumventing half of America
You don't believe that for a moment
What took you so long Chuck? If you suggested this in January it would have been done already! We don't trust you any more.
Only thing is; would you be bipartisan
You have no desire to be bi-partisan - Get to work and stop being a drag on our country. #sad #obstructionists Please #MoveToCanada
You didn't bother up until now! To busy playing politics Chuck!
@JimFT2 I have a challenge for @POTUS - RESIGN.
I have a challenge for @SenSchumer. It's simple: let's get #UniversalHealthCare, not millions without healthcare for insurance co profit.
So far chuckie you have only been obstructing. I haven't seen a plan come from you....only dissenting critique. Time to man up lil chuckie
He is busy finding top secret energy resources no one knew about . Wait until he finds out there is a Sun .
Well McConnell will never let that happen.  Him and Ryan hate poor and they only want to line their pockets. New 2500. Month house allow...
100% agree with, let's do it!
Why are you trying to work with an individual that is literally betraying our country to a hostile foreign adversary?
No socialism
Sad that PBO couldn't have been around when this novel idea was hatched!!
So now all of a sudden you want to be big man on campus. WTF.   Did you fall on your head ???
YOU GOTTA STOP MCCONNELL!
Blah blah a little to late stone walling Chuck.
Chuck Schumer is not serious enough to contribute constructively to a health care debate
Well Chuck he did say he would welcome the Dem's with open arms.  But I think he was lying.
you had 8 years already and it is a disaster
Coming from the one of the LEAST Bipartisan person in Congress. Does it ever get boring sounding like a Hypocrite everyday. Sad.
Perhaps you could work for all people and not just your socialist friends.   Please?
Chuck single payor systems mean people like you can afford great health care and people like me will be stuck with substandard healthcare.
Now who would believe one word this nasty person says?
I got a challenge for the @POTUS Stop lying.
Like Obama did. Gosh, I miss that man!
@realDonaldTrump Mr. Schumer, Trump and GOP do not have the courage or morals to follow your advice and do the RIGHT thing. #TheResistance
Call David Koch he holds all the cards
True bipartisanship wld mean representing the wishes of most voters. And latest Quin poll shows #MedicareForAll now supported 1
by most Dems, most indies AND most Repubs. Voters' wishes, not Congress or Prez, is what's of paramount importance for true bipartisanship 2
All you want to do is overhaul the failing ACA that helps NO ONE...... Get together come up with a real PLAN and stop the BS all of you
Liar#chuckschumerisaliar
Drumpf says chances are slim because you're not a serious man, like he is.
Yeah, bipartisan, just like Obamacare! Which got no republican votes!
President Trump is awesome.I like everything he is saying and doing. I will always vote for him and anyone that supports him. #MAGA
Dear Senator trump has no idea what is in the healthcare package 
They tell him to sign and he signs
He wont @SenShumer He'll just tweet about stupid stuff and then point the finger @democrats when everything doesnt go his way neva his fault
@realDonaldTrump would get exposed bigly doing this, as would the @gop
He cant , Trump is busy lying and being his usual petty minded self, thats his agenda.
Trump does not have the temperament or character to be POTUS. Trump is just too unstable and erratic. I commend you for trying though.
You bipartisan? Now that's funny!
I have a reaction to this red herring. You lie and want Single Payer U are afraid GOP will figure it out and ensure fix does not lead to SP
Challenge your colleagues to choose an available Healthcare plan available in their state. Exponentially more difficult on a national level.
I am an experience medical social worker. Even I have difficulty understanding my health insurance plan. Took weeks to choose it.
I check every statement to ensure it's correct, and have to make numerous phone calls about errors. And, I do this for a living.
Imagine someone without my experience doing this in a nationally *competitive* market. Ask your colleagues to try it. Almost impossible.
You're not in a position to negotiate,you already showed your cards,you're however in a position to cooperate and constructively participate
Why did you folks not fix it prior to 2016 election, had plenty of time and knew it was heading for the crapper then
@POTUS  do you accept the challenge?
You don't "challenge" the @POTUS you "ask" for his time. You don't threaten @POTUS and look for compromise,You don't scare the public to win
If we don't call it Obamacare,the biggest lie and hoax perpetrated on the American People. Courtesy of Obsequious Putz Schumer&Pelosi
The left is responsible for how F'd up it is now
We don't mind the Dems joining us. They can come for the ride, but they gotta sit in back
This statement should be made jointly with Senator Susan Collins, who says that what she wants too.
If God came down with a plan you would oppose it who are you fooling
I believe the bipartisan way IS THE ONLY WAY!
CHUCKY BABY, WE DON'T NEED YOU IMPUTED, IT'S WORTHLESS ANYWAY!
#Deceit Open Unmasking! #Obstructionist @TheJusticeDept @JudicialWatch @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Dems R #CRIMINAL @DNC @HillaryClinton 
OK FINE! but we want NOTHING that has obama's name on it. THAT IS NON NEGOTIABLE> you want this . his name has TO GO!
Why wasn't Obamacare done that way? The Dems went behind locked doors late at night! Wouldn't let GOP have any say in the bill!#hyprocrites
They don’t want Americans to see how hard they’re trying to screw us. :-(
THE GOP MUST STOP WITH THEIR VANITY "REPEAL" B/C IT IS IN PLACE, TOTALLY VIABLE IF THEY STOP UNDERMINING IT. IMPROVE ACA ONLY WAY FORWARD
Trump can't count to a 100 so forget it and the Republicans don't want it .
You fucked up with the "Russia" bullshit.
You don't understand bipartisanship!
Pathetic Chuck talkin' bipartisan??? Youve spent the last year doing nothing but partisan black ops. Riverdale Hebrew home is calling PHONY
Senator Schumer very fake Senator and a corrupt representative of "WE THE PEOPLE AND OUR COUNTRY" Political poison of the state! "piss off"
Nice grand standing chuckie, that's what you do best.  The @POTUS has already said he wanted everyone working together. You have #OBSTRUCTED
Invite us over and we will come as long as you bow down and do it our way.  Nice try chuckie, sure sounds bipartisan to me.  #SMH
the sentence that followed this statement was a list of things that can't be touched. that's not starting with a clean slate. @SenateDems
What r ur ideas.....
You would not know how to do that
That's so sweet, Schumer. This administration hates the majority of the country. They will never work with us.
Start working together on single payer!
Yeah! Like Dems did when they created Obamacare behind closed doors & rushed it into law before anyone knew what was in it. YEAH! Like that!
Let's be as bipartisan as when Obamacare was crafted.
Yeah like you did chucky. I pray you never get along with Trump. I hope you retire with no hair for putting obama on us and he will get his
Need a new strategy, Chuck. The idea of challenging someone on merits is entirely out the window here. This is survival warfare now.
@realDonaldTrump won't do this because he will make a fool out of himself,showing his total lack of knowledge on the subject. #
Thank you, Senator Schumer.
Can't always have it your way chucky. Less government in our lives is what we want. Stop, just stop.
He will invite you,  do a photo opp, then claim you obstructed the process,
agreed, both sides need to put aside all the past BS and work together for all of us
That would be a great idea but they're not going to they enjoy the divide that they've created
How about refunding the taxpayers $ for wasting time and $ chasing unicorns(Russia). How does anybody take a  like you serious?
You make this challenge with no intent of going through, you know it won't happen. Just as when republicans voted to repeal ACA under Obama.
How can there be bipartisanship when the GOP simply wants to cut Medicaid and cut taxes for rich.
Let's join the rest of the developed world!!! Medicare for all!
If GOP really cared about Americans, their health & healthcare, they would support #UniversalHealthCare All they care about is $. #Resist
I have a challenge for you, RESIGN!
Give it up Chucky its over for the dems. You have no voice.
I wonder what bribes Chuckie will be demanding?
@TheDemocrats have refused to work with @POTUS & the @GOP on anything!! Democrats have only obstructed President Trump's agenda!!...........
Now that Obama Care is collapsing & Democrats realize that Obama Care will be Repealed & Replaced you want to be part of the process, NOPE!!
Just like you did with Obamacare. #hypocrite
Please keep lobbyists, Tax Benefits to Pharmaceutical & the Rich out of any discussions they must pay their share free market is not healthy
It's not only @POTUS include @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Why? They've shut us out on all discussion.  @SenSchumer u are so weak!
That's BS Chucky doesn't no bipartisanship
You should be banned from the White House
You were invited in the beginning, But you were stuck on Resist mode, Russia mode. Lame. You blew your chance playing politics
"Forward" = socialism U had your chance if Obamacare  was so good why did U vote no when the bill to put congress on Obamacare was raised
Quit playing politics and get to work! If you know how.
#FullRepeal
Let it fail and blame Democrats. This is what your afraid of.  You know it's going bankrupt and insurers want no oart of it
#AHCA @AARP @cnnbrk @DNC @gop @abcnews @CBSNews @MSNBC @FoxNews @cspan @berniesanders @chuckschumer @HillaryClinton @NancyPelosi @un 45TAXZ
#Medicare4All
#ThankYou Mr. Schumer for making a public statement. I appreciate the effort. #ItsAStep #OliveBranch #Extended to @realDonaldTrump
@foxandfriends   Chuck stop calling it a fight!  you have told everybody to resist now lets talk?  which is it mr career politician?
A lofty goal to reason with an eight year old.  Good luck.
And Trump claims you're not "serious" about this? An ineffective "leader" who's spent most weekends at Mar-a-Lago?
I would like to see both "sides" working together for the PEOPLE. Find common ground. Stop the partisanship. Make it happen Senator.
The real popularity of Trumpcare?

NPR/PBS/Marist: 17%
USA Today/Suffolk: 12%
Quinnipiac: 16%
Work together to insure more people, lower costs - including Rx - and continue or expand services. Health care is as necessary as air & H2O.
Is there a reason you Dems can't write your own Healthcare Bill and let the people choose?  WE challenge you to give us a choice.
@POTUS thinks you're a clown. How can a clown have the balls to "challenge" @realDonaldTrump? You're the last person he'd listen to. #fail
FAKE TWEET. REPS already INVITED DEMS MONTHS AGO to work in bipartisan matter yet still refuse to accept invitation.
Are there any Blue Dog Democrats left?The antifascist fascists on the left play to their progressive narrative which is to Resist & Occupy.
Discuss this Chuck!
Did Schumer Discuss This?
Good luck with THAT. 45 only represents his base. Non-partisan means nothing to him. Remember, "Democrats are not HUMAN"
MEDICARE FOR ALL = IMMEDIATELY SAVE 25+%

ELIMINATING ALL CORP INSURANCE  FRAUD!
Senator, don't you think there's something so wrong here that it demands serious political intervention to guard your so called Democracy?
Two criminal syndicates.

#greenparty
Chuckie - No one believes your lies that you want to work on health care with the republicans. You should work for CNN. Phoney as a $3 bill.
And by the way, what do you propose? How much would it cost us? Would it cover your capitalist wrecking crew called ISIS? Tell us
Seems to me that Obamacare was rammed down our throats and no one New what was in it until you passed it! Hummm!
But that would help to end the decisiveness and chaos this administration thrives on.
