These programs have become ludicrously out of control!!!  Obama absolutely put the gas pedal down on exploding these unsustainable programs.
So you applaud cutting funding for the most vulnerable, children and seniors? Bet you're a pro-life, all lives matter hypocrite, too.
These programs are so extraordinarily overblown they are completely unsustainable. All lives matter hypocrite?? Wow, you are the hater here.
Hmmmm Medicare and Medicaid are overblown and unsustainable.  How do you feel about military spending? Tax cuts for the 1%?  I'm curious.
Our corporate tax rate is the highest in the world. Our companies cant compete with the Chinese and other international companies.
Completely incorrect. US has the 3rd highest corporate tax rate in the world.
Also, this does not take into account the high rate of corporate subsidies gifted by US government. Ever wonder why so few small bus open?
Oh dear LORD!! Woman, read the thread would you.

BULL SHIT.  IT IS THE DEMORATS THAT ARE THE GREEDY, KEEPING THE MINORITIES DOWN TO SECURE THEIR VOTE.

Learn something you racist hater.

https://twitter.com/siddonsdan/status/916086979925872641 …
THE REAL DEMORAT PARTY IS ABOUT, KEEP THE POOR DOWN, THEN BEG FOR THE VOTE. CALL HER A LIAR CHUCKIE I dare ya!
https://twitter.com/siddonsdan/status/916086979925872641 …
Worry about stopping democrat violence instead of instigating it with this pile of horsecrap!!
About DARN TIME!!!
Chuck is a pathological liar
Nope. 100% honest? Pfft. He's a politician. But he IS 1,000x more honest and caring than dotard dimwit donnie.
Give me a break. Chuck Schumer will go wherever the wind blows him
MEDICARE I worked from the time I was 15.5 and paid into medicare. Year after year after year after year..
Medicare is NOT Welfare, and
The #ACA established a few structures to shore up #Medicare. A. 0.5% increase medicare payroll contribution. For retirees premiums were/1
based on #MAGI modified adjusted gross income. The wealthy pay higher premiums than the poor. The maximum premium is about $370/2
With all the mini legislative sneekiness going on, I am not sure, but I believe the Obamacare "taxes" got obliterated. Subsidies are out./3
So the shore up of #Medicare I believe has been #Trashed. So the @mcspocky the Fork for the TV, I get the bars! In grain belt Pitchforks!
Those programs are not hand outs. Taxpayers paid into them. @GOP are stealing from the American taxpayers. They are implementing “tax cuts” for a few years and they will stop and you will 100X worse off. You will never see that money again!!!!
We need to hit the streets or BOYCOTT XMAS!!! Seriously!! If you don’t stand now when???!! After trump&gang raid the treasury it will be too late!!!
GOP budget cuts $1.5 trillion from medicare/medicaid. Contact your Congressman to say NO tax cuts for the 1%.
Yet they approved $10 Billion for a wall today right? @GOP allowed CHIPS to expire & are cutting Medicaid & Medicare for a God damned wall!
Gee, where do you think all the huge Medicaid & Medicare cuts will go? In rich Republican donor pockets, & GOP Congressnen piggy banks.
Democrats and republicans  should take a little money out of their piggy bank and give it back to us as American citizens #crooks
Not enough. Abolish both programs. Follow the Constitution instead!
GOP tax scam increases taxes, increases premiums and guts healthcare.   Call your Congressman now to say KILL THE BILL!
and the rich get richer and the poor get poorer...an old saying, still true today
The poor did not even pay any taxes so you r wrong
of course the poor pay taxes fool
Really tell me how?  They get back everything they pay in taxes PLUS many get earned income credit. In the end they pay ZERO income tax
@GOP @HouseGOP
I love how they tried to sneak it in there. They obviously knew that it would be unpopular or they would be proudly announcing it.
What can government due to stop the blatant abuse of Medicaid by its users?
UNACCEPTABLE! We worked all our lives to have the rich steal from what we worked for! :/
Ask Chuck how much money he makes. I'm sure he can loan you millions and never bat an eye.
SMH .. REALLY
If true, Trump is only removing what Obama added!
The Trumpkins in my state are screwed if that passes.
They don’t care about the ppl just the bottom line.
This will be where the rubber hits the road GOP will be out of business in Washington and the head idiot moron #prison
Make sure anyone who votes this is voted out in 2018 or 2020.
Endanger American's health to give a tax cut to the rich...GREED!!
Where is AARP?!!!!
#ImpeachTrump
Barbaric
Chuck we gotta fight this. People will not stand for these cuts
@GOP you will pay the price for this!
American's pay for this service their whole career so AMERICA SAYS NO!
That oughta pay for that new aircraft carrier and Trump's golf budget. How bout the rest of this shit show? Are they taking our teeth? WHAT IS GOING ON OVER THERE?

This is now governance of the UNWILLING.
Also a hidden ACA repeal! BEWARE of Johnson amendment! McConnell will bring it up in a heartbeat!
Cut in Medicare???? WHAT HAVE I BEEN PUTTING MONEY INTO SINCE I WAS FREAKING OLD ENOUGH TO BE LEGAL TO WORK???????? SSI=SAME
If they do this-send me a check for every dime I paid into it and do the same for every American that paid into it their whole life. PRONTO
America, you are about to be hoodwinked. Again. It’s not just tax cuts for billionaires. It’s Medicare/Medicaid cuts for the rest of us.
Obama & Democrats took $500 billion from medicare, hypocrites
Get angrier, Senator.  The Democrat statesman-like behavior doesn't resonate. Reflect our fury!  Take off gloves.  Bullies are cowards.
That is a good news right chuck ?  Thank you for make us be more republicans than ever !!!! 
SUCK IT UP YOU GOVT. DESTROYER!
Revolt revolution is the only solution
No! No! No! No! No! No! No!
Link to exact language about these cuts? Or a photo of the language?
Disgusting.
And how much has Obama car fleesed from the middle class Mr. Schumer?
How can they take money that we paid in our whole working lives??? Seniors will suffer!! God damn bastards!!
The GOP needs to go away.  They care for no one but their own pocketbook!!
What can we do?
Raise the age for SS benefits! In 1938 when created, mortality for women 58 and men 62-Dems never thought many would collect $ anyway. Liars
Called on Fri.! We have to all fight back against this terrible budget! http://www.5calls.org  has great script to use! @botresist is 24/7
You did an excellent job defending Obamacare. We can defeat this POS budget also. Call in the troops. Time for some office and town hall protests.
Time for the red & blue states to get a divorce due to irreconcilable differences.  No alimony for the red states.
Resist!
Awesome numbers,  Too bad it can't be more of a savings!!!
Chuck, when you open your mouth to talk all we see are the Rolex watches on the wrists of Goldman Sachs execs that write all your speeches.
Smh
These numbers represent the tax cuts for the top 1%. They keep more, Americans get less & less.
So devious and seremined to give their peers a free fall . Should be ashamed.
@GOP Don't even think about it
Trump is lying SAY IT
Not once has Trump/GOP introduced bills to actually help Americans since inaug. They’re determined to harm our most needy 4 tax cuts 2 rich
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. DONT JUST SAY SOMETHING
Cut defense.budget stop going to fictitious made.up wars,stop supplying weapons to rogue countries,we wouldnt have ememies to FIGHT
Here's the problem:Defense budget. Didn't teump say we are THE most powerful country in the world and we HAVE deadly weapoms,well ,cut defns
To finance Tax Cut Plan 
Millions of People are going to lose Healthcare

That budget better not be approved by one single democrat, filibustered by all if necessary!
I hate republicans.
But Mnuchin can run up $700,000 in charter planes. Trump spending millions on his weekends. That's ok?
And the GOP House passed it. Goes to Senate in 2 wks.
They don't pay for anything before these cuts! What's the damn point???
They REALLY don't want to piss off a bunch of old Medicare people. That is OUR money and they are NOT entitled to it.
Trump: “Save Medicare, Medicaid, SS. Have to!” Liar In Chief has memory loss!
Like old ppl have a choice. Used to be ppl could keep their ins but now big corps chged retirement packages so u have to take Medicare
@vwheato Another lie from @realDonaldTrump & @GOP about leaving Medicare alone. In KY, I'll have no pension & no Medicare at 65?
Seriuosly, what the hell is wrong with the @GOP ??  Heartless and cruel monsters @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins
@SenSchumer there has got to be a way to stop this atrocity.  People are angry and want to fight, but may not know how to do so.
To fund tax cuts for the rich....bunch of assholes
Some one needs to lock Moron in a room until this bs over. He is destroying the country and all hard working people. Enough is enough  him
Cruel!!
aka, the "Elderly Death Sentence Plan".
Medicare is not free, it's insurance being paid by all Americans
We have to prevent the rich from unjust suffering. If that means reduced healthcare for the American people, so be it. So sayeth the #GOP.
No surprise here.
If they can't repeal O-care & Medicaid, they'll just defund them.

Republicans hate you, America. 

Yes, you. 

The person reading this.
@SenSchumer COUNTING on U & others 2 Stop HORRENDOUS BUDGET PLAN.I been saying 4 weeks DJT&PAUL RYAN want TAX MONEY from MEDICAID/MEDICARE!!
Thank you for standing up for us. We paid into Medicare and the lest fortunate need medicaid. Rich people do not need tax cuts.
We, the people, need to take away all of GOP healthcare and bribery money !
Yep. And by sheer coincidence, their tax cuts for billionaires are 1.5 Trillion. Amazing, isn't it?
Republicans will do anything to be sure ultra wealthy donors get huge tax cuts.
March grandma and pa. Medicare is being attacked!
And yet it still blows up the deficit. Because they insist on budget neutral tax cuts and CBO scores only for D presidents
Fight. Airplanes or tax paying Americans counting on benefits. These grifters need to go.
Fix this. Whatever it takes. You can't give these Mercerites one inch!!
In my opinion gop congress needs to be investigated,there is a reason that they aren’t listening to their constituents.
Tell @SpeakerRyan to lay off Medicare or Americans will come after HIS champagne health care. Ridiculous.  @AARP
AND TRUMP PROMISED NOT TO TOUCH MEDICARE! SSD!
Will that cover Putin's bill?
Ok folks we’ve got to get on the phones again.
RT everyone
Stop lying not one penny has been cut from #Medicare from last year budget
It's all so wrong to do to the American people. But what do you expect from an idiot!
STOP GIVING OUR HARD WORKING MONEY TO ILLEGALS. MEDICARE AND MEDICAID DOES NOT GO TO ILLEGALS.
The Greedy Old Pricks are the biggest threat the world faces today
Great.  Can we lower spending now?
Absolutely disgusting. Wake up America! This can't stand. They must be voted out!
Are they really that selfish?????
I will get the bucket for your fake tears @SenSchumer .
It's just like Health Care Chuck
The House of uselessness will pass it 
And You Senate reliables will deny
 them 60 votes.
The Jay knows
Can the House put restrictions on the Senate against the filibuster?
I thought trump ran his campaign & promised the American people no cuts to Medicare Social Security &?Medicaid more lies from trumps mouth!
You would think the parasitic 1% would want to keep a healthy host body.

#Resist
#TrumpRussia
#PutinMonkey
Gotta cover those tax cuts for the 1% & corporations, those private planes, all the weekend golf trips, and his Depends.
Trump supporters, how do you like Trump now? He's taking money out of your wallet. Still OK with him?
Lot of republican congressmen better seek cover.
600b in defence spending increase
Hey Chuck!
#aBetterDeal
#MedicareForAll
Take it out of Trumps Tramp dr bills.P.Surgeons!!!
Take the Medicare cuts out of Melanie’s plastic plus other Dr. costs!
Thank the deplorable’s and the lazy 70 million voters that didn’t protect our Democracy. wins . Our family’s lose For decades
There's more hiding in the tax plan. Call your legislature, urge them to read front to back, and stand up for us!
Are U REALLY surprised? D Congress has already tried 2 kill us twice this year!! know any1 N D Congress that can help, not just wring hands?
And sabotaging Obamacare in every way possible and working with Repub governors to sabotage Medicaid & the qualifications, etc...
Time to vote the Republicans out. I paid and continue to pay for my Medicare.
Nice,  Chuck. It's just that you omitted fact that the "cuts" are to future expansion. Good try, though.
Somebody please DO something!
This is your fault. You decided that politics was more important than human dignity. You and traitor sanders better fix this.
To quote you - just another meme - no sources. Made up numbers for Low information to no information voters/
Where are the. Military cuts?
My gov sickens me.......insane $ launder in the @whitehouse & a congress hell bent2 give more2the rich less to the poor #MayGodForgiveYouAll
How did this get passed?? Call me furious!!
#MAGA Here ya go, idiots!
Sick! Just fucking sick!
Is it only me. Or are all democratic voters looking for more free stuff.
What to do?
Need a call to action!
@SenSanders @KamalaHarris @NancyPelosi
Budget cuts services to elderly & disabled to give windfall tax cuts to billionaires.  aka kill off seniors & disabled & make rich, richer
I wish I could miss you forever!!  What the chances???
Why do they want to kill their base?
This is total Republican bullshit. It has to be stopped. Medicare was paid for by workers and they don't get it for free once they are on it
I read the bill so your manure pile is just that manure.  ACA did the deep cuts to Medicare to give to Medicaid.
Thanks Chuck!
Killing us softly with his cuts!
So still trying  to kill millions, defunding healthcare for the sick poor old & veterans! But hey the rich are suffering the need the cut
Thank u Senator Schumer 4 always telling it like it is and keeping us up to date. (4 all of us who worked hard 4 Medicare 4 our old age.)
This is offensive to me in a personal way. My mother  ,only in generation alive depends on this. TRUMP, rot in hell
Thanks. I saved that image & plan to use it.
LOUDER
What about the #VoucherCare threat?
Over what period of time?
That's right guys screw those who don't donate to your campaigns
The budget is back door Obama-care repeal
Medicaid is given to ILLEGALS
Also note - amendment has been written to REPEAL ACA that might be introduced as attachment to budget bill, giving addtl funds for tax cuts.
We have to start cutting or we go bankrupt
Medicare is NOT part of their budget.
Stop this bill
The GOP is no longer a pro-democracy party.
#TrumpTaxScam #moron #MoronDon
Once again @GOP shows how "#ProLife" they are by taking #healthcare away from millions. How is this MAGA?
#TheResistance 
#NoMedicareCuts
So, do something about it! You +Dems don't speak out enough against GOP misdeeds, but @DNC keeps asking for $$. Shameful!
I'm sure that there is at least that much and if not more in waste and fraud. Why not try to fix it instead of always complaining swampking
I will be Voice for Voiceless. We need more Voices who protect not hurt. Solve problems not create them. #FlipAZCD05 http://joangreeneaz.com 
Schumer isn't voting for it. He's demonstrating how bad it is
Yeah I get that!!!! What, him & 4 more?The rest of these traitors should be publicly ostracized & banned from any public service for life.
You have that right. As an informed voter
They've lost their minds!  Greedy bastards!
Stop taking our $ to fund your illegal voter base. Entitlements must be cut tho I question your #'s.
Conservative compassion Any level of harm to Americans is acceptable in pursuit of the conservative ideal of holding down those most in need
Love it. I hope they also include a requirement to work for welfare too.
tricky greedy republicans
Crying Chucky why dont you and the rest of DEMOCRATS grow up realize you lost elwction and Work stop ac9 like children
Acting like children stomping yor feet
My knees are weak
The poor and the old pay for tax cuts for the rich. Stop this Senator.
It's about damned time. I'm glad to see them doing what we put them in there for. Thank the good lord in heaven. Great for our country.
No @TheDemocrats should be signing any budget bill. Shit everything except #TrumpRussia investigation the fuck down
@randypcox Republicans are hurting the most vulnerable citizens of our country while giving Trump&wealthiest people a tax cut
Brings a whole new meaning to the common medical reference of “going under the knife”!
THIS IS BULLSHIT, CHUCK!  What are Dems going to do to stop it???!!!
Leave it to a Canadian to make sense...thank you, as always, buddy.
DO SOMETHING CHUCK.
Hey @realDonaldTrump didn’t you promise NO Medicaid/Medicare cuts?  Another lie.
Did we say he lies about everything
GOP: Have an unplanned pregnancy? We’ll force you to have a baby & make you fight for the baby’s life AFTER we force you to have it.
These are the funds that assist the old and the very young - our most vulnerable populations. How does throwing these people out MAGA? 

Here is what is really MAGA:
"A nation is only as great as how it treats its weakest members:
