Opioids for pain suppression? Aetna says yes. MRI to investigate the cause? Denied! #7yearsinpain #opioids #fentanyl
So which laws and policies have you passed lately, Job's Policy? Middle class income policies?Health care policies?What are you doingallday?
A wall on the southern border would be a great start
It's already there Chuckie. It's been there.
The Democratic Party lost and acting like cry babies.  Their showing their true colors.  Communist who committed crimes and still walk free.
The drug is not the problem. The lack of help after prescription, lack of insur. coverage for help is the problem. Why not ask what we need
Thats so true
Build a wall on our southern border!!
Maybe you should learn where Upstate NY IS first.... not Corning
My advice to you look for a new job and let the big boys work. We work for a living, you should try it, maybe you'll like it Whatsyouragenda
To bad people abuse a drug people need for pain.
Can I do it?
More ppl die each year from preventable medical error, 800,000 but GOP response is to make it harder to hold docs accountable
Right
Drug issues r huge, prescriptions r more available & allow 4 addiction/dependenc,people need alternatives, prevention, need 4self care educ
Hope you get bar-b-que brush cleaning wire in your hamburger
Sorry I missed you. Complex problem that I know Upstate New Yorkers will rally to solve.
Employed & Insured, on Fentanyl 50mcg patch for chronic pain. Stopped working. Had to withdrawal. No help offered. Suffered at home...
And your tweets suck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Big D!
DUDEyou are a little late,Trump has been working on this for 9 monthsExactlywhere do you get your news from?It ain't working JohnnyFakeNews?
If @POTUS44 and You antiAmerican Libs would have done your job over the last 8 years to curtail this problem, the numbers wouldn't b so high
Let's open the borders then Chuck
There are chronically ill people who depend on pain meds to live.
Im one of those ppl
2017 ring a bell???
Dems need to campaign on the opioid crisis, + single-payer, free education, re-skilling the jobless. Not rocket science--except to DNC elite
Marijuana is not the magic cure for all pain but deserves more rigorous study
Fentanyl is an opioid. Opioids should be illegal, but unfortunately in many cases they aren't.
They are illegal without a prescription in US.
Which are abused. We need more regulations on opioids, less on Marijuana.
I'm for legal weed. Am libertarian on topic of drugs. More regulation hasn't worked. Abusers will find a way & those in pain get hassled
Isn't it bio-terrorism?
I got a Great Idea! Let's stop waisting Taxpayer$ on illegals & all their entitlements & we would have plenty to take care of that!!
How much are the opiod mfg lobbyists sending your way?
How by buying it yourself and selling it for a profit somewhere else
You'll be in Corning this am w / more ... More fentanyl?
You could really help cut down on dangerous drugs entering communities by helping to get Trump's wall built. #BuildThatWall #MAGA

Build a southren wall to help stop drug trafficing.
Crying Chuck is making a dope run to Corning NY. Get ATF on it.
Right Chucky. Build the wall, stop the illegals. #MAGA
Guessing you don't know this, but you get drugs from almost any corner in US, not from docs. You also get your guns there, not at gun shops!
Yep
You socialists want all to come into this country. /where do you think the drugs come from?
Maybe you should have talked to Obama abt how many drug dealers he set free.
Illegal opioids are coming from Asia, not Mexico. Drugs are a $90 billion industry in Italy. Crack down on Russian & Italian mafia.
You guys created this problem by creating a lawless America.
DO SOME WORK
What are you going to do chuck,,,cry
Just remember that there are legitimate uses for fentanyl. Fentanyl is great when you're in the middle of surgery.
Please come down here to Delray Beach, FL!  Apparently we're drowning in the stuff!

Finally. 
And now... what is this that you called a stewardess a bitch? 
Is this true?
Chuck. 
Is fentanyl your nickname? You're more dangerous than any illegal or legal drug.
We need balance. Ppl who suffer from painful conditions are now being denied the medicine that gives us quality of life #PainedLivesMatter
Only Sane thing Chuck has ever said! Except he should be more concerned about the Whole country not Just Upstate NY!
Schumer : pandering puppet , his leadership is why his party is dead . No ideas , just hate spewing responsible for GOP shootings God Knows
I know...maybe u should introduce a Bill...Or don't u know what that is, that's right u don't cause ur still talking..!!!!
It's about time you focused on NY and not the rest of America. Have you actually reigned in your massive ego? Maybe?
You're about seven years late to the party  Chuck. Too little too late. Now it's time to work on treatment coverage and options for addicts
Yes! Best news I've heard in the past year! It needs to be stopped. This is key.
Build the wall for gods sake. Stop talking, do something!
He says U may not B SERIOUS. PROVE 2 him Needs 2 cross isle 2 accomplish his Agenda of his Promises. He's always wanted this, now do it PLZ
PLZ Call him. He needs 2 remember you were friends. Tell him U want 2 work with him 2 help keep Promises 4 us. I think he's waiting 4 U
and ISIs
Democrats created the Opiode crisis.
Build the wall
Why is it after you visit anyplace a few weeks later they have an opioid epidemic?
Here's a bipartisan issue that should be tackled head on!! Prison doesn't fix the issues #Awareness #education #prescriptionreform
Saw your thing on ABC this week--I'm proud of you, Chuck.  Now, just follow through....
Oh now you want to do something after 8 years of Obama sitting on your butt. Worthless Senator!
@senchuckschumer sounds like you are bringing more fentanyl? What's up Chuck?
I do not care about weak minded addicts. Stop spending my tax dollars on wasteful socialism
All of a sudden you care about opioid crisis. Where were you before it became a political buzz word against healthcare. You're a phoney
Agree, what are you doing? The American people NEED HELP with this debilitating illness.
Are you going to call more women bitches today for doing their job?
#ResignChuckSchumer you lied to the world about FBI investigation! Outright lied to us! Shameful beneath the dignity of any office! Resign!
Watch shipments from China
Build the wall
Please sir, don't stop at upstate NY, the rest of the country needs help too.
If you do that Chuck, they won't vote for you any more with a clear head! U may want to rethink.
Can all that be done on a state level passing WDC altogether?
Wish you were more concerned about #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll and not the opioid crisis every single day
BUILD the WALL.  STOP the DRUGS
Stop doctors from prescribing opioids. Unless you do that, you are complicit in Big Pharma's drug pushing. Legislation now!
You and Pelosi are corrupt.
Utah had one of largest fentanyl drug busts.  The drug and pill press came in from China.
No one cares what you think. Get out of the way.
Do you know if you had  made an attempt since the past  7yrs may be something could  have been done. Now u are only pretending to care..
Chuck it's everywhere! You day late and a dollar short...again. Do you have our taxpayer paid bodyguards with you? Out of touch..sad
Pharmer are the real drug pushers
We also have to stop heroin from pouring through our borders so you really can't support one without acknowledging the other! Get it???
Maybe a good strategy would be trying to divert the supply to DC. Say Pennsylvania Ave.
@HouseDemocrats @GOP You just figured that out. How long have you been in the Senate? Stop crying and get something done.
You think your pharma donors will allow you to do anything about that? #Corruption
Outlaw its manufacturing, sure drug companies will lose some cash flow but so do drug dealers, save the people first
Then STOP ignoring the the schedule problems!  Meth, Fentanyl, Coke, Oxy, Morphine, Opium & Codeine are categorized as schedule2!  Weed=S1?!
Wish I could make it. I'd love to meet you. I've been calling often and you've done a super job at representing Please tell Trump to resign.
And let's #LegalizeIt 
People in pain can be prescribed marijuana instead of opiates. 
Big pharma won't like it but it's best for Americans.
For some of us, MMJ does not help with pain & we still require opioids.
Yes, & I support whatever recovery methods work. My point is that it would help stop people getting Rx opioids in the first place. Be well.
Lock your doors in Corning! Crooked Chuck is coming!
Agree w that! Build a wall!
Well look @ you Chuck. Actually tweeting about a Serious Issue; not something nasty about @POTUS! Good Job! There may b hope 4 U yet!
#BuildThatWall STOP the drug cartels from importing the poison that kills our children!
STOP THE BS!
#MAGA
Stop.the lobbies from funding your campaign, and do what's right for the American people
Build a Wall Chuckie Cheese , it's a supply line issue ? You get that ??
I think pharmaceutical companies need to build rehab facilities for people who have become addicted to their products. @Opiod_Epidemic
There are now huge ads for fentanyl plastered all over Grand Central Station subway passages and in the subways!!
Maybe this explains trump?   Too many patches?
Best of luck to you sir. Please help our country. True patriots need to come forth now if our country is to survive. Go Resistance!
It's not just Fentanyl! It's also Carfentanyl and U47700. When will drug companies stop fueling drug addiction for profit?
That's pretty far north for you Chuck. Make sure you bring a scarf
With more fentanyl?
NEW JERSEY TOO!
You should try some chuck it might improve your dancing
Big Pharma ALWAYS supplies the next insidious drug for addiction and death and they should be accountable for the fallout from the products.
Not just upstate N.Y. but across the entire Country
Docs get perks from big pharma, prescribe deadly drugs, docs get money from govt, govt gets money from big pharma. It's one big circle jerk
You must not be making any money from this opioid crisis because why would you want to do anything good or positive for once?
Who is making this crap? Why can't we stop ppl from adding this to heroine? How long has this been going on? There has to be way
Yes, even more reason to #BuildTheWall
Had it made its way into Trumps coke?
Holy shit, you actually know about other issues than Russia??
What is it going to take to get Trump out of the White House?!
yeah i lived in Indiana few years ago and i thought Mitch Daniels was bad wow Pence has him beat by a long shot...Fishers IN
Pence is a hypocrite & bigot! He did Indiana no favors! He doesn't like gay people! 45 is awful & Pence no better!
I live in alexandria VA close to DC and the talk is that Trump has overstepped all moral bounds they want him gone and that is the Republica
We can only hope! Repubs better get smart...2018 & 2020 are coming fast! Pence professes to be moral but backs up everything Trump says!
retired court of appeals Marion county, off meridian st.
Statehouse..I was Admin Asst to a Court of Appeals judge!
#BUILDTHEWALL
#RepealAndReplace
You're soooo irrelevant I don't even need to slam you anymore Chuckles
We need to END the drug war
Florida too Chuck!
But it's fine if it stays in the other parts as long as it's not in mine Speaking for  @SenSchumer
Chuck, by now you should realize that you can't stop people from doing what they wish.
But government is turning a blind eye and refusing to say we have an opiod epidemic on our hands!! Ignorance has perpetrated it!
Not sure, but I don't think the average drug dealer can make #fentanyl , so go after the manufacturer to stop it.
#BuildThatWall
4 deaths from this in my village alone in Broome County...in less than a week! This deadly dose includes an elephant tranquilizer.
What progress have you made with the war on drugs over the years? It seems to get worse instead of better. Maybe Medicaid isn't the solution
Get rid of the sanctuary cities and get rid of the illegals and it will help schumer!!!!  It's called common sense I know your lacking in it
I'm proud of our senators who are not allowing themselves to be distracted from serving the people. Respect and thanks, sir.
Why dont u just go hm chuckie. You dont speak for America. We spoke when we hired Trump. Dont ever say u speak for Americans
pls save ACA NOT dt No care! I BELIEVE America is facing the greatest peril since WW2 I trust you!
Maybe people should quit taking pain meds when they don't have any pain
oh.... UpSTATE...  I glanced at it and thought you wrote,  "upSCALE".. that would have been ugly.
I am sure your involvement will make all the difference!
The key is prevention.   Those who prescribe must do so responsibly.  First, DO NO HARM.
you are the caused of this
Fentanyl should be securely delivered to only hospitals
@jonlovett Liberal Rush Limbaugh is not going to be happy about this.
What's the solution captain obvious. You do a lot of talking with no clear problem solving skills. GIVE US A SOLUTION.
Where is it coming from?
sir...we must stop the madness in the executive branch.  I know you are trying but help me understand why the GOP continues to stand with hm
Hey Chuck are you going to give us one more one of those speeches where you start crying about the travel ban again
But you kickbacks will stop if you do that, oh maybe your have other ways of getting them
But drugs in the cities is ok
Maybe Comrade Cuomo can pull the NY State Police out of NYC and put them back Upstate.
@fud31
@melodyburns
@johnmcdonald108
@NeilBreslin44
Which of your biggest donors

is in the ellict fentanyl business
Section 8 programs destroyed our cities, and families. Section 8,and welfare programs is why we have busted up families today.
What started the decline of our inner cities is a program called section 8 . Before section 8 our inner city neighborhoods was thriving.
Legalized pot and let everyone GROW THEIR OWN Take it away from Big Biz Let the little grower buy a personal permit
prescription opioids like Oxycodone was/is prescribed more often than naught. Regular people. Students, blue and white collar workers....
Not for chronic pain but for knee injuries!?Over prscbed then the inevitable taken away. These poor people had no idea that they were hooked
How much do these doctors get for prescribing certain opioids? As in kick backs from big pharma?
And you were too busy speaking out for a child named Timmy who identified as a girl and wanted to use girl lavatory at school.
To busy to notice this crisis has been going on for quiet some time now..and now that it's re-election time.... "WTF Chuck" new levels of...
apathy.
You think it may come from Mexico ,Chuck ???
We need to stop loss of healthcare. Without ways to treat, patients will turn to illegal treatment for pain/addiction
Thank you for addressing an ISSUE. If you keep this up, I swear to God, I will vote for you! Go back to your party bullshit and you're out.
If only there was a safe natural pain management plant with no overdoses which had proven track record of weening off opioids.
It's a relatively small piece of the puzzle but you cant solve a puzzle without all the pieces.
Follow and stop it from the source. #MAGA
It's all about law and order. Go see your buddy AG Sessions. Nah. He's not your buddy, but he'll get it done!
