Praying also tonight for the families & friends of VA Troopers Cullen & Bates who died in a helicopter that was monitoring the rally area.
Your a phoney do you think people actually believe that you pray for anybody LOL what a joke
.

@SenSchumer as the @DNC practice their hate you 

are.helping us unite against YOUR hate keep your hate 

will keep THE love going 

.
a woman was murdered today by nazis

that's real hate

and the real problem
Nazis. ..gee i did not see that coming
neither did the people hit by a nazi in #Charlottesville
And because of your open borders many have been killed, raped, tortured, etc!!  Your hypocrisy turns my stomach !!
Thank you Senator Schumer - can we get Bannon, Gorka & Miller out of the WH now or speed up #Mueller ,we can't sustain at this pace 
Because the Dems have been calling for blood in the streets...Lynch...Hillary...waters...schumer...etc.,  I bet you are happy now!
As the #CRIMINALparty protects #criminals not the citizens of america
And a president with nothing of import to say, but what he did NOT say, spoke tragic volumes. Fire gorka banner and miller.
JFK and his brothers r rolling in their graves what has happened to their party. The leaders of the democrats have turned into a hate group.
Hmmmmm.  The hate didn't come from the dems. Except in your alternate reality.
Dear harry. U meant JFK & his bros. R rolling in their graves what has happend 2 their COUNTRY. GOP has turned in2 a h8 group. Fixed it 4 u.
Then tell the people that you Democrats and liberals are paying for not to come there with anger and the intent to beat the other side up!!!
Look https://www.facebook.com/myiannopoulos/videos/860953850709178/ …
Please formally censure the Narcissist-in-Chief.
Cities should arrest people who show up to rallies in helmets, vests, clubs & guns. They always turn violent, they're coming 4 that purpose
How about ENFORCE the 2nd Ammendment - "a well-regulated militia" -- this is a goddam free-for-all. #GOP #GunsOverPeople
Tell your son to talk to George Soros the next time they have lunch. Maybe he can cut off funds to the radical left like BLM?
I'd say fund the radical left. #BLACKLIVESMATTER #BLACKLIVESMATTER #BLACKLIVESMATTER #BLACKLIVESMATTER  #BLACKLIVESMATTER
Yes eleanor keep the hate flowing we can sense ur anger now sucumb to the power of the dark side
#BLACKLIVESMATTER #BLACKLIVESMATTER #BLACKLIVESMATTER #BLACKLIVESMATTER #BLACKLIVESMATTER #BLACKLIVESMATTER.  Praying for you.
Thank you for the prayer-However it might be more productive for you to stop writing BLM over and over, and find the facts.
clown
Yeah what about every cop from one side of the country to the other are they in your prayers being threatened by black lives matter
It was your leftist thugs
Well you and your shadow gov should stop with the false flags that murder your own citizens,   seen the crocdile tears before,,,, BULLSHIT
Our three branches of gov't are hatefully dividing our country. A house divided against itself wont stand. call ur senator 800-939-5885 TAX!
BLM STARTED IT
The folks in Chicago really need to find some nazis in Chicago. Maybe then someone might give a shit about the 400 plus dead this year
Please rally your buddies. We need the 25th amendment.  We need it now.
Bite me.
And two responding police officers. Please do not forget that they would be alive if not for this ridiculous rally.
Was it the rally or the counter protesters??? Who wanted to save a statue? Who showed up to egg on trouble?
Who do you think it was? No white supremacist rally, no deaths... from where I'm looking.
#SelectiveOutrage + #SelectiveMemory= #HypocriteCommunistAgitatorViolenceSupporter
That young man that did this is of Jewish faith, his mother;s name is Bloom.He is not a "White Supremacist"unless they have a AA/ EO program
Gee, if only you had the same compassion for the babies that died in Planned Parenthood today.  Hatred is never okay. To kill is to hate.
You don't have clean hands in today's abhorrent political climate.
Chuck , I stand with you in prayer  bring America  together aganist  hate and racists.
Praying also tonight for the families  and Our America to stand together in Peace and Love...
You out of state liberals caused it

Our Lady of Medjugorje, My children, of what use is your prayer if you do not love and forgive?
Why would God listen to your prayers Chuck..you and the dems have outlawed him out of just about everything !
Please RT where you condemned the violence initiated from BLM. I will not hold my breath.
We TRUMP supporters plan to use cash, the internet, knocking on doors, and everything possible to send you back to katz's deli! You TRAITOR!
Hey Chucky are you going to cry some more fake tears
What a calculated and premeditated tragedy!! And all for political gain. You are the worst
Don't you think Dems encourage the hate because of the false radical words  Dems spue at @POTUS on a daily basis that he doesn't deserve!
Well_ if you left wing Assholes wouldn't promote hatred and racism, maybe, just maybe, people would get along better. But NO
UNTIL YOU AND ALL THE DEMS/LIBS STOP TALKING HATE AND DIVISIVENESS AGAINST OUR PRESIDENT THINGS WILL NOT GET BETTER! THIS MADNESS IS ON YOU!
She died fighting this culture of hate. Less talk and more action. Why is a White Supremacist still president? What are you doing?
I don't believe you care about none of them if you did you wouldn't be fighting trump on everything but I will pray for you
Can you explain why the Dem mayor told the police to stand down & allow violence to occur?
NO RUSSIA DIDN’T MEDDLE IN THE ELECTION.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DEh_1BcSrfMapLeat0tQ0I8-5-qSZsQguzy9ZJ43p_I/edit?usp=sharing …  #demdestruction #GOPDESTRUCTION
How come you never condemned the hate violence riots after Trump win or Berkley? People got injured!
because of people like you and your colleagues this lady is dead it's time to stand behind the president one nation America
you forgot to mention the two State Troopers killed. They mattrr also.
What about black lives matter rallies?
Thanks to your hate, Chuckles
That u created with Barack and Holder! Racists
Real media caught antifa with pepper spray and urine filled water ballons clearly a NAZI COLLABATOR GEORGE SOROS run operation ARREST Soros
Arrest democrat mayor and verry corrupt govoner terry mcauliffe for ordering police stand down which caused violence by design
SHOWING CHUCK-UP-WE have to stop showing violence on media>
NO MORE OJ>MEMORIAL EVENTS AND LBJ'S ANNIVERSARIES.
THE RABBLE CAN'T SEE IT
So don't u think it's x  #DNC stopped inciting violence & accept @POTUS Work with him across isle 2 heal the #USA U have much 2 answer 4
And nobody would be dead if we'd just ignored these KKK fucks and let them fade away. What happened to 'they go low, we go high'?
Have you repudiated the actions of Antifa & everyone else who is defiantly opposing @POTUS & the effective leadership of government?
You're absolutely right. But I can't help but wonder why you don't post the same when an Islamic radical does the same thing.
Chuck. You killed another one. Are you proud?
She didn't die because of the rally. She died because she was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time.
It's sad and embarrassing. We are the freest country in the world. We have a duty and responsibility to be tolerant and to make it work
maybe you should call george soros an tell him an ask for a raise schumer ! What do you get for a life these days a bonus ?
Trump has support from Nazis, white supremacists & the KKK. THEY ARE NOT PATRIOTS, THEY ARE TERRORISTS. #FireMiller #FireBannonMillerGorka
Where's the ire against the violence of the people who attacked lawful assembly deplorable though it was. There's bigotry on both sides.
It's a sad day for all main stream Americans 
Extreme groups on both sides are responsible
So let me get this right BLM can demonstrate but not the Sons of the confederacy
Hey Chucky if you Dems would stop trying to steal people's heritage then maybe there would be no more violence #heritage not hate
This type of wishy-washiness goes far to ensure a republican majority in the Senate in 2019. Where's the outrage Chuck?
The get this nut job of a President out of office and quickly or you all get voted out
Yeah...too bad you leftists cannot let freedom be. Oh and you started the racism boom back up so there is that.
Screw the prayers, say it like it is, a racist bigot is in the WH.
I agree it's horrible BUT the neo-nazi group had permits to be there and the others didn't and were looking for a fight
Do think we should take down all of historical monuments?
No because of a hate filled nut a young woman is dead.  Get it right, free speech is not just speech you approve of or like to hear.
Just curious. Who do you pray to? Serious question.
Thank you for saying prayers for the victims. We must unite behind what is truly "right" and NOT get caught up what is so divisive. Prayers!
Dear chuck. We need more than prayers. We need loud voices demanding the ouster of radical white supremacists from the WH
You liberals caused it and paid people for it Chuckie
Keep stirring the pot!  Yea, that will bring us all together???? You are part of the problem, not the solution.  #PoliticalHypocrisy
It would be nice if you called out Antifa or B.L.M. cop killers (by NAME).
it would be nice to see politican participate and take a stand instead of talking and praying.
LOL
#LowerTheFlag
Your a wonderful person
The left is trying to bury history, Unite the Right rally to save it,  were attack by BLM and then came your Klan right on que.
That's not enough!
The violence was on both sides. Both were wrong Chuckie,.
The democrat mayor instructed the police to stand down and let the 2 hate groups mix it up. Democrat politics as usual.
your rich, pay for their care,   dont parade for votes.  @TeachForAmerica
Has POTUS45 called your parents???
How can we get this maniac out of office? He must go!
It's all your underground fighting force to try and make the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES look bad You just don't realize how bad you look
Impeach their leader. Trumpf!
Miy budnisimo dua saludos
It makes a difference which side the idiots are in doesn't it Chuckie?
No more abhorrent than your leftist BLM and Soros funded anti Trump morons
Well at least YOU didn't tweet a blind condemnation.  So many are blaming only one side, when BOTH sides were wrong.
Keep ur trouble making people at home that came there to cause trouble for the kkk! Its freedom for EVERYBODY to rally
Is it not time to take down trump before we reach the point of no return? Where is the GOP's outrage? IMPEACH!!!!!!!!
Do something about it everyone in Washington needs to ban together
Thank you Senator for speaking out. Please call it what it is and get control back in Congress with people that care about all Americans!
You should speak up about these rioting organizations all of them, label them as domestic terrorist..BLM, Antifa, White supremacy...Speak up
Twitter troll-bot
I hope you are doing everything you can to get this criminal gang out of WH.
Healthbill that was deplorable devoss sessions youvare all painted with thsame brush as Teump. Too little too late. You are the swamp
You've done a wonderful job inciting hate with the dividing rhetoric you spew on a daily basis!
Save your lies. Retire already. You are a has been  and a detriment to our country.
Her name is Heather Heyer. Say her name. Trump's words and actions got Heather Heyer killed. #HeatherHeyer
Maybe you and the democrats can do better so that we don't have a 2nd Trump term.
How much death and destruction occurred in Baltimore & Ferguson? Those were even more 'abhorrent'. Where was the left's repugnance then?
Twitter troll-bot posting bs conspiracy theories
Hiding behind a mask like an ANTIFA biatch uh JL
Bannon in the WH is Trump's stamp of approval of everything these racists stand for.
You don't pray. You instigate
All the "SIGNS OF THE TIME IF THE END"! Only JEHOVAH knows when it will come! The signs are everywhere! I'm a student of Prophecy. WAKE UP!
In Bible College and at home I read things would worsen! "The love of man go man would grow cold"!  now I see Armageddon just ahead! WW3
Shows the world is getting more corrupt as time goes on! The Prophets in the Old and New Testaments foretell this time in the end of days!
That's what you get when hosting such rallies. #Government is out of touch with the people. You hide behind tweets, gates and walls .
It is the deep state and DEMS fault.. so it's your fault and you have no conscious so I won't say you have to live with what you all done.
Why would you stage a counter rally ?? Who did that ?? How did they think that would turn out?? Let them protest...why conftontation??
I'm not saying I agree with the white rally . Having a counter rally was stupid. Period.
You think this was bad? Wait till you see what happens if Mueller and his team succeed at this coup attempt against OUR potus!
Largely you're fault Chucky baby
Where are you hiding??? Where Are all the sane people screaming in outrage to rid our country of this maniac....Trump
My best friend lost her friend in VA yesterday. He was flying the police helicopter. Please pray for him & his devastated family
I not sure the Lord answers prayer from people that lie, cheat and steal I could be wrong.
This is the fault of @realDonaldTrump he is ruining this country It's time for Congress to remove this abomination from our @WhiteHouse
And Chuck refused to blame alt left? Impeachment!
Prayers don't bring back the dead. Prayers don't end white supremacy. Words are meaningless without action backing them up.
Tell me Mr @SenSchumer why you and the Demos are blaming @realDonaldTrump for Charlottesville?
We've been doing a lot of praying lately because of the Democrats vitriol
Hey SCHU-MAH: The rally was LEGAL. But your COMMIE buddies from the radical left decided to make it violent; your ANTIFA pals violent, PUNK!
@SenSchumer let's be clear...this was no rally, it was a riot Plain and simple by white supremacists who were empowered by @realDonaldTrump
You should also speak out against liberals infringing upon American's right to speak freely and the violence it brings.

1st Amendment.
And all over a statue? It makes no sense.
U can thank ur B. Obama for all this riot crap w/B/O & e Holder,l.Lynch getting involved w/Fergeson & BLM chanting " we want dead cops When"
I am definitely not a supporter if Schumer but well said.
Maybe would be nice to see YOU and POTUS standing next to each other and give a News Conference. Calm this country together.
Satan doesn't answer prayers Chuckie
If this racism and bigotry continues, we will b in civil war, just ripe for takeover by another country. Wash, DC, wake up and join hands.
All because of our lousy, hate mongering president.
this is what happened when you don't push hard enough to get a racist out of office impeachment is a must. Save the country.
And you have responsibility although you won't take any typical of Obstructional scoicalistic Party with hate messages
Impeach the president that emboldens these people to kill Americans. Do it today.
Prayers for the victims 
BLM & ANTIFA Should have ignored the other hate group instead of looking 4 a fight! Even horrible ppl have 1st Amendment rights
Trump in office 6 mths, we are back decades. I am heartsick. Please help stop resurgence of racist white supremacy. We are imploding  
While POTUS whistles bigly
Nobody supports the violence that occurred yesterday. The real question is, do you support the free speech rights of peaceful protest?
I'm not condoning actions But any other group of militant groups get a pass from u but if a white person gets militant u act HYPOCRITE
Abhorrent. Deplorable. Accurate from the day Hilary Clinton said it.
Sorry u don't get to pander this issue U & the dem party r responsible 4 this action Why can BLM burn down Baltimore & no reaction from u
Dirtbag
Go away for some reason I think Demacrats are to blame
Too bad for you we elected our Senators to do a little bit more than pray

Get to it!
Police in Charlottesville criticized for slow response to violent demonstrations http://wapo.st/2uCtCrs 
Definitely selective outrage and it's ugly
Dead cops. Dallas. BLM responsible. Where were u?
Why do you feel you need to comment on every event or comment that is made? The left wing of your party is just as guilty as the right.
3 hate groups involved, KKK, Antifa. and BLM
only talking about 1. Typical Democrat bs
Until people like you cut the crap and work for America instead of those who hate it, unfortunately this type of stuff will continue.
This should have never happened! They should never have allowed this hateful rally to go on! #WhiteSupremacy #Charlotteville
Because again the terrorist organization black lives matter fueled violence causing people to die I Nazi Fascist Democrat
Nice Chuckie
Blood on your hands this time.
I do not agree with anything that happened yesterday but where was chuck when BLM did the same thing ?
@realDonaldTrump They are all in Trumps country and he is too cowardly to condem the ideology that did that to her. More than ashamed of him
This is all your fault because of the way you're handling yourself in Congress and the people that you support you are to be ashamed
All caused by a leftist city council that is trying to erase history. Do you not see the damage your ideology causes. How many more will die
Hopefully the Drs are able to save them
Where was this strong language for #leftist riots? You are a bush league partisan hack and just as big a clown as @realDonaldTrump.
Exactly what do white people considered terrorists? or thugs?
~Abhorrent WHITE SUPREMACIST rally... make sure you are acknowledging WHO was and IS violent in this scenario. #Charlottseville
Does @realDonaldTrump condemn Nazis?  Never.  Does he condemn white terrorism against Muslims or Jews?  NEVER.  He incites violence.
Call it what it is:  a demonstration by Nazis of their hate-filled, bigoted beliefs, encouraged by their leader, @realDonaldTrump
We should remember this. Protesting is a right & good but also meeting w/officials is an important step to solving these issues!
Please accelerate this process and #ImpeachTrump
You can't defeat domestic terrorism if you can't name #RadicalTrumpCultTerrorists #kobachracistcommission #Bannonpropaganda

After terrorist incidents worldwide, nations' leaders frequently take time out of their lives to visit the injured in hospital. Will Trump?
Also because of the lefts decisive rhetoric
Don't forget police killed in the copter crash. If that had happened due to a BLM rally, GOP would want to prosecute the entire group.
You don't seem to mind after a Black lives matter march, calling for "pigs in a blanket" that some cops are murdered in cold blood do you?
