The collapse of #Obamacare continues. We must #RepealAndReplace. https://twitter.com/Enquirer/status/872130559027359745 …
What did Einstein say only a fool will continue to do the same thing and expect different results Schumer and Pelosi hello 8 more years
If it was such a great deal there wouldn't be an issue. It was a joke from day one #democrats should accept they built a bad system
Ridiculous uninformed response. Typical demwit! Why do you associate yourself with such a corrupt group of politicians? Should be ashamed!
Anthem also left die to merger earlier before sabatoge, now unable to plan because of threat of deathcare ACA is being critically hurt
Oh for krips sake!  ALL insurance co. r there 2 MAKE $, not 2 provide care!!!  They r MIDDLEMEN $ is their priority, not Americans #ImANurse
If churches are engaging in politics they should not be tax exempt.
Didn't your party, the party of few state that if you want to know what's in the bill you have to pass it first? You created the mess!
@SenSchumer @SpeakerRyan OBAMA CAUSED THE  FAILED OBAMACARE....IT'S HIS LAST POOP ON THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!  THANKS OBAMA!!
Whatever you need to say to appease your pain, Obamacare is complete failure.
Record highs in the stock market today 16 year low and unemployment Comey says leaks not true DEMS need 2 wake up Schumer and Pelosi LMAO
How did #ComeyTestimony  work out?
You are wrong Matt. By any chance do you know how many insurers left even when OBAMA was President.
You keep telling yourself that people are losing their health care every day and in return DEM r losing votes wake up 8 yrs is a long time
So it's out. The Trump/Russia scam was just that. You and the media are no friends to America. I respectfully request you resign today
Hey Chuck someone dubbed ur voice to Comey testimony then I actually realized was Kathy griffin voice damn you 2 whine just alike #bitches
No you don't. Said this from day one: Anything that happens with Obamacare is all Dems because you shoved it down our throat. Nice try
You have screwed the people over for years and I hope you are voted out! Do you pick on an 11 yr old because you sir ALSO act 11? #MAGA
Obamacare is a disaster - step up, be a man, own it and help the GOP fix it. #termlimits #obstructchuck
U AH's  won't admit ACA is a failure! Why don't U be honest? A change is needed! Time to consider what's best for OUR country, not ur egos!
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPHATESUS #WANNABDICKTRAITOR #COMPROMISEDPRESIDENCY #IMPEACH
where's the proof of that?  they are usually leaving because it costs them too much to administer!
Comey provides evidence of Obama's AG Loretta Lynch's obstruction -- not Trump's. Wow. This hearing is a disaster for the Warner Schumer O!~
I believe you and Ryan need to stop the bs and work together on a better plan.  Stop the partisan descention and work for Americans
You should resign.
Can you please let us know if the senate is pushing for the bill to repeal and replace the ACA behind the comey hearing? Thank you
And WHY did United HealthCare & AETNA leave the BarryNONaffordableNONcareAct genius?
get over being mad trump won it's time for you to do your job get health reform passed americans are drowning and all you do is gripe
LOL...put the blame on the Dems & Obamacare, no one else.
ObamaCare is collapsing because it's not sustainable. STOP LYING!
The lies from the Democrats will never end.
You are blaming GOP for a Totally Democrat plan? Sorry. Democrats screwed up on this one. It was designed to fail for SINGLE PAYER libs want
You people could not tell the truth if your life depended on it..
You need more press on the bad effect that RyanTrumpLackOfCare is having on insurance companies and the health insurance market.
Vote DEms out! Liars and Obstructionist!

It appears no matter what some republicans will stand behind this conman president. Tragic.
And they would've stars otherwise. Get real.
@IndivisibleTeam @ResistanceParty this is manipulation, and spin by @SpeakerRyan CALL YOUR REP, #FIGHT
Ha ha.
Bull.
The Dems did Americans NO favors with Ocare. The insurance companies are pulling out
Clinton News Network says otherwise...
Well Chuck , why did I lose my great insurance three years ago ? Lost my doctor also .. do you think Americans have amnesia? 
As seen on TV today, the collapse of the corrupt GOP continues, we must replace congressional leadership in 2018 and POTUS in 2020.
Is that true or did you hear it on CNN?
Call it what it really is: a major, flat out lie
Ha ha. Obamacare was planned to fail!  They knew it from the planning stages. They even admitted it can't work
What sabotage - Obamacare doesn't work it SUCKS - time to Repeal this Garbage now
Ryan and trump are forcing the fall /fail of ACA.I hope they are happy with the results of millions without care?Truly sickening.
You didn't care when ACA destroyed my healthcare - so just stop - ACA is GARBAGE
So true.
Paul Ryan has destroyed his own reputation
It's worse than disingenuous.
I find this hard to believe!
More people r covered but before using they have to meet these huge deductibles. I wouldn't call this affordable. Y wasn't O.C.  fixed l.y.
This was @GOP plan all along to make it appear what should have been fixed was in total collapse. @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr Is @SenSchumer trying to get on Comedy Central, or does he just do "stand-up" in the Senate?
Liars! @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr  They had to roll w/ Trump to get into office so they know no shame

The president is airing attack ads against the FBI director he fired??? I know it's an outside group but come on. This is stunning. https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/872193766156795904 …
No shame with this man
@SenSchumer @SpeakerRyan Let Obamacare collapse! It will show what a fraud Obama and DC iswith regards to its citizens
No, it's not disingenuous. It's a fucking lie.
Yes, this is the crucial part of the story. Insurers do not like volatility and turbulence.
Of course not than want the assurance that if care provided they will get a return and not end up with huge outlay.
@SenSchumer who killed Seth Rich? #SethRichCoverUp #DNCleak
Mandate Congress can't exempt themselves from the next healthcare disaster they come up with!
Laughable that u would accuse GOP 4 Obamacare's failure.  ACA was a disaster from the start & is becoming worse all by itself.  Be honest!
Like if you like your doctor....
45 is such a dummy...he announces the AK statistic with great excitement, glad that the #'s are higher than AZ...whoo hooo...what a bozo.
@SenSchumer The Dems have lost control of the news cycle. Reps can say anything because it will get buried by a tweet by Trump
Degenerate lying scum Democrat. Outhouse is just doing what Democrats do lying it's ass off. So sick of the scum. BLOCKED. 1 mo turd flushed
Obamacare a failure, its on the dems back, not even willing to reach across the isle, 2018 not coming fast enough!
and here i thought the Democrat  party saddled us with this pos hearth care system.....  you know ppl like you ..
Are you sure it had nothing to do with money?  Just sayin'. Maybe just a little? Less rhetoric, more solutions.
@SpeakerRyan  it isn't the collapse of the ACA it is because you,Trump and the other Republicans wont get your act together.
Can you post a factual link to this?  I work in the HC industry and your story is not the same as I'm getting from anthem directly.
Anthem left because they are losing money on this failed BS Health debacle - @SenSchumer is delusional as always -
Assuming all the bleeding hearts on here who say this is all so tragic will be willing to reach into their own pockets to cover lost govt $?
If it helps get a single payer system where people only buy optional private ins. Yes, I'd gladly pay tax if it got rid of monthly premiums.
Perhaps you should continue reading to the part where Ohio insurance admin explains fault in aca
Wow,U Dems can't tell the truth to save whatever soul U have left. Anthem is leaving because they are LOSING $ ON EXCHANGES! Unsustainable!
Another lame insurance company excuse. If they were making money they would stay in simple economics. Someday u will understand them
Place blame where it belongs! GOP

Article has nothing to do with healthcare
So? Thought everyone should know how corrupt your party is. Just getting started...
Liar they are leaving because they ate not making a killing like you promised them
Its been the gops plan all along, make it fail.
= we cannot find ways to make Obama care collapse therefore we are! GOP don't now and didn't then have a plan so we lie more and more!
Pay the bills! Stop sabotaging the ACA!
@SenSchumer #Healthcare reform shouldn't result in less Americans insured. Keep ACA coverage and help those with high premiums
Chuckie, aren't you so very happy that more Americans are losing their health insurance? aren't you happy YOU HAVE GOVT HEALTH INSURANCE?
Obamacare,  a "Democratic inflicted catastrophe." #DonaldTrump #MAGA
Taxpayers don't need to be subsidizing Insurance companies. We already pay the escalating premiums & deductibles. Where does it end?
if AHCA fails, Ryan better hope ACA doesn't implode under Republican Congress.  If AHCA succeeds, might be even worse than implosion.
Repeal and Replace Trump, Pence, The First Family, Paul Ryan, The GOP, The Congress and The AG. Then we should be good!
Then we'll run a NON RUSSIAN involved Election and start from SCRATCH and move forward HONESTLY!
LMAO - right Hillary and Obama were honest - LMFAO - just stop - Russia had ZERO to do with mine and about 63 million other votes - FACT
GOP pours gasoline on the individual healthcare insurance mkt by stoking uncertainty and trying to cause panic and now cries FIRE!
Come on @SenSchumer you should know by now honesty is dead in the Republican Party. Our president has made lies the new standard.
@SenSchumer @SpeakerRyan Fake and dishonest news by the head clown, Chucky.
Hey @GOP Everything you touch turns to stone.  Maybe you should give up politics and go work for the corporations whose pockets you are in.
Sabotage: Not forcing the middle class to subsidize insurers with tax dollars NEVER appropriated by Congress. #FannieGate #ObamaTheft
They were leaving before that and premiums were rising.
Why isn't this being retweeted over and over. Dana Milbanks of WaPo talked of this on Hardball months ago! Come on Dems!  Getfacts out there
Please get this out thereAnthem leaving because GOP is derailing AHA.
Read this. Share.Let people know why they can't get/afford coverage.
You are never going to take responsibility for this piece of s*** legislation you perpetrated on the American people. One party vote
C'mon @mattwhouse. This is not a progressive liberal. I know you are used to tricking naive & gullible people but we c right this spin.
Amazing how the truth gets blurred
Friggin' LIAR!  He is NOT American and has amply demonstrated that he had closer ties to "terrorist" countries of Muslim Majority than to 
@PRyan You caused the damage, now you live with it. Democrats will eventually fix it for the benefit of the American People.
His logic is that the more people who can't find health care, the easier it is to deny them health care.
@SpeakerRyan is a fraud and liar
Anthem said they were leaving back I. October. So, nice try to blame trump but no go.
Mr Speaker - disingenuous at best
And the reasons why all other carriers have left or raised premiums in 2016 and 2015. Was that the repubs fault also
how do you sabotage an already sinking ship. Obamacare was a disaster and now to save face Dems blame Repubs for their failure

@SpeakerRyan being "disingenuous"? Color me shocked. 
