sure sounds like it's helping 50 farmers.
You are a fool Chuck
sorry  was agreeing with k. pierce
You would throw those 50 farmers under the bus to pay for your socialist programs. I wonder what they would say about you comment.
You are incorrect Mr Schumer. Farms and ranches are being sold to developers because they can not afford the estate tax. Bad for America
That's a lie too!!!! The Death Tax is only avoidable by the wealthy -- like you and the Cuomo's. STOP LYING CHUCKIE!
You have that wrong. The estate tax only applies to the wealthy...
Very liberal exclusions to estate tax already exist- 99% of Americans will never inherit enough to pay a penny. #LeaveTheEstateTaxRulesAlone
Instead of nit-picking, just admit you don't like any of it, create your own plan, and let the voters decide which plan is better
He wont do that lol his ideas suck.
You talk about double taxation, the Estate tax is a prime example of double taxation, that money has already been taxed.
"Only 50" How elitist of a statement is that? To THOSE 50 it is a BIG deal! #hypocrite
what about the millions of low-income families that don't have children/deductions  their taxes increase   not fair
EVERY Blue vote sh/be "HELL NO!"
Rich people plan for generations. Poor people plan for Saturday night. The rich aren't paying the death tax now. You know that.
The death tax is a tax on people who fail to plan. You know who doesn't fail to plan? Rich people.
Senator,we Rn't paying u& Dems2 Fight! We want u 2work with GOP& POTUS 2serve us the US citizens not illigals. If U disagree, Resign.Thx
You are so right @SenSchumer. GOP #TaxReform doesn't help farmers. But it sure as hell does help his money hungry greedy family and friends.
So what you are saying is that those 50 are not worth helping? Way to support the family farm.
Ask the families of the 50 farmers who died.  They can explain it to you.  How many times do you want to tax a family?
#TrumpedUpTaxCuts4Elites
Someone just learned how to #Something
What a shitty statement.... Schumer doesn't care about a few people suffering.... He needs to make millions suffer to be worth it.
Good job Chuck! If you don't have the numbers just make some up!!!
Tell me why we have Estate Tax you pay in all your life then you won't even more when you die . Stop putting your hands in our pockets.
I LOVE all the tax "EXPERTS weighing in here! Tow the line all you know nothing Russian Bots
They can exclude farms, just not Trumps & friends!
Its the trump train chuckie, get on it or get out of the way!
Dems have never been about the small business owners. Here is abgreat example of why u lost the election and will lose in 2020
So you say that only 50 tax returns will be paying this tax. 
This is what happens when you don't deal with the National Debt.
Perhaps 50 but, families that inherit working farms and ranches have to sell off to your big corp. friends to solve for money already taxed
You just proved @realDonaldTrump 's point that it simplifies the tax code. Something that is much needed.
Where the hell is your plan Chuck?
How about no farms paying it! It’s not your money chuck!’
To keep your greedy paws off the money that should go to their families
Um...hate to state the obvious...that's 50 farms being helped...perfect example of why Big Government doesn't understand America. #CorruptChuck #TaxPlan #TermLimits #WakeUpAmerica
One farm is too many, Chuck.  Your comment shows you don't relate to average Americans while your tax preparer gets you all your exemptions.
"Farmers" meaning agro-conglomerates.
Is it your point that we should screw them? Isn't it a liberal argument that "if it helps even one" it should be done?
Why don't you get out from your desk Schumer and go talk to some farmers !Be part of the tax bill instead of a "do nothing"obstructionist!
It's family farms that are devastated at least 50 in my county alone. How about cap gain tax of %15 on hedge fuends your biggest donors?
If you were one of the so called 50, it would be on the way to President Trump to sign...You still need a message for 2018 & 2020
I think the better question is how much do you pocket by derailing it?
It helps those children keep their farms and the tradition going. I guess you hate farming? Is it a global warming issue?
I don't care about famers Chuck.
Only 50? Really? 1 is too many. Don't you care about them? Thought you had a heart. Not really.
Why do ppl have to be taxes again when they pass?? Havent screwed them enough yet. One last tax!!
50 farms a year being sold to corporations to pay death taxes = 500 in ten years. You are a sad man wanting to destroy the family farm.
So...don't eliminate #EstateTax because only 50 sm farms or biz would pay that this year. What #moneyhungrysob$ you are. @POTUS  #MAGA
Schumer is clueless as usual
Unfortunately Ur not smart enuf 2 understand the tax code & how it impacts middle class families U must Resign Now! Ur a Fool
CHUCK, TELL THE TRUTH! Reform will take away your SLUSH FUNDS!
you could keep paying them not to grow and import them from other countries like tou do now
Amend it to “only small, family farms”.
The DEATH TAX is @SenSchumer and DEMS attempting to confiscate a lifetime of hard work and sacrifice from Americans... you're pathetic Chuck
It wouldn't of course. The president being ignorant of most things doesn't help but let's be clear, the Right's plans are selfish and wrong.
Not to mengion, if farmers are the concern, give them some kind of exemption.
You have been a senator for what 29 years chuckles?? All this time and now you have all this concern for the American people. Term limits.
So get rid of it old Chuckie boy. You are just worried that the gov. won't have as much money coming in. All senate should have pay cut
More lies.  You and Pocahontas make a good pair
Gov shouldn't tax dead persons family assets just because they died. Already taxed when alive. $ grubbing, tax anything, double dip libs.
Dems shut down Appalachian mine jobs, now you want our land too?
That keeps the money to those 50 farmers instead of going to GOV where you and others misappropriate the money.
The estate tax is double taxation and ridiculous. You people milk us like turnips. Even from the damn grave. Bloodsucking ingrates all of u.
#TaxReform will save Trumps $4Billion in estate/death taxes #RichForever. Make Unbridled Greed Great Again! #MUGGA
because it doesn't just apply to farmers and small business owners chickie ,but you know that. dont you chuck. #disingenuous
False
That Bill kills Appalachian families because their ONLY wealth is in their land.  Heirs have to sell to pay tax.
Geeze, it would save the .5% billions. Don't know why you can't uderstand that. Seems obvious to me 
please come out w an alternative plan; before the Dems are also seen as the party of NO...
Tell me, why do you think the Govt is entitled at all to what hard working people want to pass to their heirs.That income was already taxed.
#hallejackson: Great pan, a sea of WHITE!
Hopefully they don't try to take a vote now on HC! More no's!!
If @realDonaldTrump was competent the equation to legislation would be: wealthy + (pretend to) love #DotardDonnie=your own little money bill
We would have lost our family farm to Estate Tax if we didn't transfer property
.@SenSchumer Having worked at USDA, I'm very troubled GOP selling tax cuts for mega-rich based on false pretense they are helping farmers
I have farm & don't want my children burdened PERIOD! #TaxReform #estatetax GONE! YES! Can't wait!
ONLY? What an elitist snob
Cohn said look at big picture--how their tax reform impacts *most* citizens. Yet estate tax impacts only the richest of the rich.
The equation for legislation seems to be: wealthy + donate to @GOP = your own little money bill
Really only us middle class pays the estate tax you rich folks don't thanks to the loop holes you use to get out of it
You are not entitled to assets for which taxes have been paid. You are greedy & addicted to our $$$. You need forced spending restraint.
And with a good tax attorney they wouldn't even pay that
it "sounds" good
It is for the Rich! Millions of tax dollars lost!!!
Because the government does such a fantastic job with those dollars, right?? Right???  #WakeUpAmerica
You clowns have no right to steal people's money when they die.  Mitts off, you didn't earn it.
After being heavily taxed your entire life, one might expect not to be taxed at death, but that's asking too much, isn't it?
Oh! Only 50? What a Damn Hypocrite!!!!
It still should be repealed, the estate already paid taxes on what is in their Estate, Estate tax is double dipping, not right.
It's 50 to many
#WheresTheBill @realDonaldTrump says hes got The one that doesnt help him or wealthy loyalists at all #Nonexistent bcz #trumps #liar #residt
*Resist (dang my big thumbs)
The BS that is happening in government is a flipping mess. This cannot happen. This doesn't create jobs. This is a money grab for the rich.
Senator please watch this https://www.facebook.com/RBReich/videos/1716024155076840/ … spread the word
Why do statist collectivist @TheDemocrats advocate double dip taxation on money that was already taxed?
Lies lies lies Chucky.
Jesus Chuck how about something new? Democrat tax gouging has stopped our growth! Time for a sweeping change. Like you go away 
Chuck you and pelosi are the absolute worse choice to represent democrats
