Stop trashing Hillary, and maybe I'll listen. Better yet, you get out of the way and let real Democrats do the work. #SellOut
With "teammates" like you all, who needs VD? Everyone is a quarterback on Monday morning.
Accountable??? For what??? She is no longer a candidate, so what is positive about "calling her out"? Coward Dems should have backer her.
HRC ran a great campaign so much so she had more votes than any candidate in history. She had more endorsements by major organizations too
She lost
Where were you? Who did you vote for? Or, did you even show up?
Keep smearing HRC and women and your better deal gonna be #sameoldshit
Wisconsin wasn't a target
But she was targeting wi - she was going after PA and fla
This is the Platform I want from the #Dems,IF U cant do this,4Get about my #Vote!
You need to form your own party. Not possible for any one party to endorse all those policies. So your vote is forgotten. Pls be realistic!
Did #Hillary Win? This is what U voted 4 #JebBush in a Pantsuit,Nothing Close 2 what I showed U! U Vote 4 #Jeb in a Pantsuit,U must B proud!
Against charter schools?  What a RACIST!  Keep underprivileged kids in crappy schools to preserve the teachers' unions.  What a visionary!
Yes IM against #CharterSchools & if UR 4 them UR the #Racist B/C its the 21ST Century #Segregation! MY #Taxes R 4 #PublicSchools,NOT Private
Love the new stragedy..
Really fresh.
Good lord what a fucking tool
Stand behind what you say! 2018 take back OUR
CONGRESS! VOTE!
#betterDemocrats
Don't think so #Demluers
You CO-SPONSOR a bill that CRIMINALIZES constitutionally protected protest and offer this LAME nonsense?  RESIGN.
This is America. You can protest and boycott anything you want. Try and change that, and they'll have a real revolution to deal with.
There was no revolution when the DNC did treasonous election rigging. What makes you think this is any different?
hey schumer, real nice how you put ISRAEL first you lame POS. This is not going to go well for you.
I appreciate you Senator Schumer! You are a ROCK IN OUR-democratic Party! Don't be discouraged, many will come back into our fold!
No they wont - not when their insurance doubles again!
Exactly. As @realDonaldTrump says: Let Obama care crash & burn. Then the  President can slap them in the face & say I told you so!!!  #MAGA
They don't have a plan! Not even a better plan! They won't even make it available so they can give those huge tax breaks to rich
Just wait and see!!! Money hungry GOP!!!
America does not make deals with the Devil.
The Devil is disguised from Christians and deceives them, your Devil will be raised as your king, sound familiar? Read a bible.
How about your read it, There are many Antichrist and false prophets. . 
God is the one who takes down Kings, and also raises them.

R's use religious demagoguery to attract rural working class votes.  What if Dems used biblical principles to support economic equality?
yes they do so why not step down now Chuckie so they can get a better representative?
Sir, the slogan is good, but I suggest the Dems as the party who fights - for equal/civil rights, high wages, ethics, econ growth, educ, etc
Also environment, energy independence, infrastructure, affordable college, healthcare. Dems are fighters, fighting for the middle class
Dems deserve a party free from Bernie Sanders (self-professed NOT a Dem.) & his supporters. Party is weighed down w/their purity tests & BS
And the new party slogan is awful. It sounds like it was borrowed from a Papa John's Pizza Commercial
Actually, Papa Johns is easier to digest than this BS you are peddling. Papa should sue you for stealing their slogan.
No "Better Deal" from Dems, actions speak louder than words! Dems had more than +8 years,u lost because u sat on your hands, same now
And I have a nice bridge to sell you, too!
Republicans can't pass a bill with both houses and the presidency. They can lie about their capability, but can't back it up like Dems can.
#CharlieGard is a perfect example.
Better happen swiftly. US is collapsing and failing society.
No, just the collapse of socialism and liberalism and all other isms.
Fooled us once, shame on you.....fooled us twice, shame on us!
Congratulations minimum wage rhetoric of $15hr escalated tech into fast food! Say good bye to jobs! Same rhetoric
Amen

Now u wanna help?
Let's try helping on Ins. bill. Top 10 Ins. CEO's netted 22.1 million dollars in 2016. Ins. Co,s hardly starving. Neither are the Dems.
Copy cat !! You are copying a lot of President Trump's policies. So why the big problem. Gonna loose again. This Democratic party died.
YOU and YOUR slogan are a great example for TERM LIMITS !!!
Give credit to HRC for most of this. And stop bashing her. You give repubs a talking point "Schumer agrees...". You look bad on this.
What's not to agree with? HRC and the Dems haven't taken ANY responsibility for losing over a billion and the election. Now we're stuck....
Listen you sorry SOB: u wanna run down Hillary & Dems? You won't do it on my money. Retract & apologize to HRC now. @TomPerez @NancyPelosi
Best tweet of day. Apologize to Hillary now. She won the election. She has dedicated base.ME
Puke! 
Crying chuck. Your open boarders and business regulations got us into this mess. You should try to work with the republicans .
The slogan sucks!  Got to come up with something inspiring.  Better is lame. Will not attract young people. Who thought of that?
ur smile is evil just like u and ur criminals for hire. your party is done. party of criminals. session must order investigations ASAP
we see your party waste money hiring protesters to destroy property & hurt people that dont agree with you, nazi go home

8 months and this is what you come up with? You guys are terrible!!! Not one smart person inside the DNC. Sad... you will lose again
you lie and expect us to believe you.  Dems don't care for the self sufficient, they like to have thumb on citizens.
what took you so long?  An articulated vision int he last election would have prevented the ascension of the Orange Baboon.
but we dont need you chuck!!!
Has Chuckie ever considered taxpayers* as a special interest group opposed to Democrats?

* Look it up.
It's not just a slogan, it's a tagline!
LIES lies lies lies lies!!!!!!
hahaha
Like they did for eight years under Obama.
Is throwing people in prison for protesting also part of your "better deal"?  S 720 is UNCONSTITUTIONAL!
you should have started that eight years ago...you had your chance!!
The Democrats haven't cared for the working man in years.  The party lost it's way, it has no effe3ctive leaders and they have no plan. #SAD
Chuck lying to the sheep, your entire life has been spent as an elite and special interest.Taxpayers have provided you with a very good life
Silly slogan, but glad u finally have been won over by Trump's ideas of a better economy and infrastructure.
Back on Offense: Conservatives Plan to Press for Official Congressional Investigation into  Comey, Loretta Lynch
sounds very much like trump's message
Your op-ed was depressing. I'm embarrassed for you and rest of party leaders. A madman in the WH and you can't make a case for change.
If you weasel your way in now and support Trump's successful ideas, you can go back to your Failed Marxist Ideals once back in office.
You'll shore up family budgets by tapping new slave markets like TPP was designed to do.  Want to "fix it"? Help the POTUS. Pragmatic. #MAGA
Soon, With Chuck's help, we'll all be nibbling off free Krispy Kremes with Vladimir Putin when he opens each new Luk Oil gas station.
We have GREAT!  CRAZIES!
Where were you last eight years?
You fraud. You destroyed our jobs.
Good Idea. Force companies to pay higher wages and taxes so they can pass that cost of doing business back to people that just got raises.
Better deal? What a liar. Dems are following communist terrorist saul alinski to destroy us
Hey Senator Schmuck, no more #Resistance #Resist? . NYS is screwed with you and the rest of your merry band.
Give me this Plaform OR take a Hike! I been A #Dem since 18,2016 was 1st YR I didnt #Vote 4 a #Dem,Y,B/C U dont represent the 99% anymore!
This is a bad joke!  The entire plan is one conflicting ideology.  Raise wages, LOSE jobs and INCREASE cost of living.  #pipedreams
really????   you still have no message but to keep everything status quo and bankrupt the govt
Better jobs, better wages, better future.  CAN I PLEASE ORDER A PIZZA? @PapaJohns
News Flash our POTUS is already doing that! Dems put Illegals above American Citizens, want O. Borders, Want S Cities. U are a BAD DEAL!!!!
Do you cover your family on the disastrous health insurance that Ocare is? If not than you don't know what you are blithering about.
Do I get free garlic rolls and a litter of coke? What a deal 
We've heard it all before.Start delivering and we'll believe you. Until then do your damn job. Congress is biggest entitlement group in USA.
Sec Clinton's platform: Health care, infrastructure, environment, equality, security net for our elderly, empathy, living wage, etc
HYPOCRITES AND LIARS.  WHERE YOU BEEN FOR 8 YEARS.
Why are you using Trumps slogan? That's what he ran on can't the Dems come up with there own message??
why not just support @realDonaldTrump and his plans to bring America back.  It is disheartening to watch DC implode #MAGA
Ur party has left Americans behind & went out on 2weird fringe How can common sense ppl believe anything u say? Jobs have increased economy
Be careful about using the word "better," that is what the GOP is calling ACA-Better Health Care. You need to be original.
The message U should be shouting from the top of the Capitol: GOP is trying to take your #healthcare, we're trying 2 #SaveACA. @NancyPelosi
Country needs more than #ABetterDeal. Need #AFutureToBelieveIn... #FightFor15 #BlackLivesMatter #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll @TheDemocrats
We deserve to work for "not just" the elites & special interests? Forget you!
Do you decide to copy Trumps campaign?
oh I do love me a big nothing burger topped with platitudes and smothered in weak sauce https://willyloman.wordpress.com/2017/07/25/better-than-what-democrats-offer-better-deal-nothing-burger-plan-topped-with-platitudes-and-weak-sauce/ …  #neoliberalSCUM

"We must provide better jobs, better wages and a better future for our families." #14Words
like they did with Obamacare?! SIT DOWN Schumer! 
YIKES Schumer - for goodness sakes hire PR like a Mad Men's Don Draper. HRC's #StrongerTogether was WAAY catchier.
You're proposing a tax break for my employer and pretending that you're doing something for me. This is why nobody trusts the Democrats.
Your entire career has been spent doing the bidding of Wall St.  They literally own you. We know what you stand for: FAILED CLINTONISM.
Your #betterdeal had better be boldly progressive. I just saw a middle-class, middle-aged white guy rummage through...
my recycling bin here in W. Irondequoit.
This should be your slogan #We'veGotNothin'
Retire that would be a better deal
@HillaryClinton 

http://onwardtogether.org 

     ~~

#StillWithHer 
#WeThePeople
#StrongerTogether 
#OnwardTogether
Funny they try to offer a better deal after they got booted for there crappy ones constantly. I wonder whats changed? Not buying it.
why don't you cut government wages..? how much do you make a year chucky ? cut your pay...
oh so now you want to put small business out of work.. its a bad deal..
The economy is getting better everyday so Dems want to hurry and claim responsibility. Some days I just shake my head.

That's a flabby ass plan CHUCK! Nothing new or original from the Dems as expected. Pathetic losers!
#ABetterDeal NOT! 
Hay poppa john
Either he's trying to get into heaven or the whitehouse.....not sure which #phony #clown
Don't launch your new plan by bashing the first woman to win the presidential election popular vote. #StillWithHer #sexism
#pathetic
This is why the Dems will keep losing. You're a message of vile, hate, evilness
From Democrats that admitted Obamacare was designed to transfer wealth from the middle class
@SenSchumer here's a "Better Deal"
Democrats, Take note!
A lot of Americans out here that have nothing left to lose with republicans in office. #ABetterDeal ? I don't beLIEve you.
Democratic Party still wants to fundamentally change America and I don't understand why they want to end America the greatest nation on eart
Then start working with the person who has business, building and job creation expertise. Take advantage of his demonstrated success. @POTUS
So you take the jobs away from us and we are going to count on you to get them back. You are the biggest joke going.
@realDonaldTrump new iniative will be called "The Best Deal". Booyah, you lose again

Is this "deal" like the ACA where no one is allowed to refuse it? You guys are worse than the mafia.
You had 8 years to help us out, you fucked us instead! Now you want to help? More than the @GOP? #Really?
Yes #ABetterDeal is the #PeoplesPlatform 
https://summerforprogress.com/platform 
You  Nailed it Chuckie that is exactly what the Dems do!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
American families have THE best deal EVER...@POTUS You people just don't get it...it's your corruptions that steered away dems like me
Need Healthcare  first!
Hope it is not the same old re-run of the "out-of-touch" Den platform. Dems are out of sync with working and poor people and the millenials
Empty words from party of race baiters,Muslim sympathizers, corrupt Congress members  whose #BetterDeal has been about lining their pockets
https://theintercept.com/2017/07/19/u-s-lawmakers-seek-to-criminally-outlaw-support-for-boycott-campaign-against-israel/ …
Co sponsoring a bill against our constitutional right to protest. #resign #WallStreetSchumer
Oh that's SO cute!
"A better deal" as a knock on "the art of the deal", etc..

Blatant, naked politics, folks.

Don't give it a 2nd thought.

You mean like the better jobs and better wages we got the last time y'all had power? 
Sorry. 
Not my kind of "better deal".
The better deal is the same lies repackaged. Any body can see. Your not very creative and a rather simple minded crook
Lol... you are an embarrassing, irrelevant p.o.s
It's NOT the role of the government to provide any of this. What is your end game?
Got your voice back Chuck? Now its also time to shuck the other schmucks on your left side!
Today, Mr Schumer dems offer the republican plan. Glad you want to make America Great Again.
This is the biggest bunch of crap yet from the biggest HYPOCRITE in congress America is awake chuckie this dog don't hunt anymore we know u
please resign now
Why didn't we have better jobs better wages & a better future 4 my family during the 8 yrs of obama Guess u didn't care about me then huh
A better deal? That would be a Senate after you leave office. I'm glad to see you are promoting it!
We deserve a better leader and it’s not you!

Thats what we wanted the last 8 yrs and didnt get. We got a guy that sold out our country. Thats why we voted Trump in.
Not the problem, Leering Chuckie.
Your Party is bankrupt.
Morally, Ethically, Intellectually & Spiritually.
A failed brand.
@realDonaldTrump

We already know about the democratic deal.
Latest marketing ploy from a party with no ideology, no principles, stands for nothing but their own parasitic interests.
NEED LESS 3RD WORLD IMMIGRATION & FOREIGN VISAS
I see you're trying to put lipstick on a pig!
Jesus, grow some balls and stop giving Trump talking points.
Don't forget a better deal for the poor and sick too and there cost of living.  .
Democrats had 8 years to propose a better deal and just talk, wonder what it is?  Acts like a light switch will fix it, if knew what it is
And you actually believe the government can create these things? You ARE a fool! 
You mean #MAGA?  Sorry Sen Schumer, that train is already rolling.  Either get on board, or get out of the way.
No thank you..all you guys do is screw things up.
What about an equitable tax code? Shdnt that be an impt part of any econ package?
A Better Deal like FDR's New Deal?  Remember that FDR stopped all Immigration by Executive Order to ensure work for Americans.
Where was this the past 8 yrs? Oh ya u didnt give a shit cuz dems where on control and ur pockets were being filled

@ABetterDeal would be that all you DEMOCRATS drown in the Ganges.
Socialism does not provide better jobs, better wages, & a better future for your family!
We need a new deal like FDR had. I would like the one Bernie had. Oh that's right he's not a Democrat
He's only the most popular politician in the United States and also the world wake up
So u throw Hillary under the bus....wow. Amazing that ONLY @HillaryClinton is not allowed to speak of Comey, Russia, when everyone else is!
U going to make America like Detroit? Because I don't think anyone wants that. Is the better deal 4 Americans or just illegals & terrorist?
lol.
Senator, the Dems wouldn't know a better deal if it smacked them in the face. U don't wish to build wealth. U wish to re-distribute it.
Just like New Coke, but now sugar free and without all those ingredients deemed unhealthy.
Shumer's too refined to be the face.
I'll pass on it, thanks anyway.
#DemExitNOW #DemExitForever
This is particularly funny cos the guy who own Papa Johns is a libertarian wo doesn't believe in a minimum wage.
I know, right?
That me all day everyday.
We need a stronger message to #flipthehouse. This is a good start, but not gonna do it. Present health care fix, make policies for all.
We need strong candidates, starting at the state level up to prez #2020.
Does your better deal involve EVERY American citizen having the same amount of money and privileges as Senate Democrats? That would be nice!
SCHUMER AND @DNC FINALLY DISTANCING FROM @HillaryClinton AND IRONICALLY COPYING @realDonaldTrump CAMPAIGN MISSION STATEMENT. ORIGINAL??
News Flash!! Trump ran on this message and WON!! Go back to sleep, Chucky! Our President has it covered and he is ROCKING it! #MAGA  
This is the only winning platform.
Please save the oxygen in the air. You had 8 long years and screwed our wages and our future. Cram it Chucky!
Where was this Deal when you had Odumbass in the White House????
Better Deal=Bad Deal
I love Chuck. He's great for the Republican party.
Umm you guys just ran the country for 8 years @SenSchumer so are you admitting Obama failed the American ppl?
Where has your concern for American families been for the last 8 years
You are joking right
YOU speak about Elites....please!
I'mOne of many ofYou'reConstituents,You areHere byNotified,I Call for a Election ReCall on your furtherService of NYS to Congress.Step Down
Like what? Dazzle me. The DNC is rotten to the core. And we all know it.
Better Call Chuck!
Trump is already doing this despite ur resistance so thank you 4 plagiarism of Trumps ideas but we will stick with Trump. Doing just fine!
Yup! That's why we'll keep voting republican.
Well Capo Schumer, being in public office since the 70's seems to not have helped too much, #noskininthegame
He just went from crying Schumer to certifiably wacko Schumer. Despite what he claims, they still have NO AGENDA, except RUSSIA, RUSSIA
We had 8 yrs of your better deal - BHO's Screw Deal which is no FDR New Deal

Pure theatrical platitude, empty and meaningless. Still nothing but a worthless, corrupt clown.
What a loser
Not even in power, what can you possibly even offer the American people?
Need to work with Pres
