Put this on commercials on Fox News stations how trump is sabotaging ACA. People don't know! Also, quit calling it Obamacare quit, they hate
Stop with the mouse turds.  MEDICARE FOR ALL is the will of the majority of the people.  What are you all afraid of.....the insurance lobby?
Are you serious that you want Medicare for all. My God. People will die waiting for service. Govt should not be involved! This is socialism.
So....yes....I am serious.  AND...a conservative...who thinks it's about time to join the rest of the world and have single-payer for all.
The only reason medical costs are so high is because of ins cos. Perhaps we need more oversight. But not govt control.
This nation has a moral responsibility to make sure those that need medical care receive it
This nation has a moral responsibility to put Americans first and not force people to buy health care
How can you be putting Americans first if you allow them to suffer and possibly die because they can't afford medical care?
Let's get rid of sanctuary cities and don't force people to pay for health if they don't want to.
Sanctuary cities have nothing to do with health care for the needy.
Hell yes They do. We give these people free treatment as in they don't pay we do.
Discussion was medical care for needy Americans.  The political leanings of the city have nothing to do with that.
Agreed for Americans. However cost is driven up buy giving care to the millions of illegals who do not have to pay.
Obamacare has been paying the markets?  You mean like subsidizing the insurance companies?  What a taxpayer sham!  Repeal! Repel! Repeal!
Month by month is unacceptable. Threatening millions of Americans is gangsterism
So forcing Americans to pay for illegals healthcare isn't gangsta? Forcing people to take ocare or pay a penalty isn't gangsta?
http://Healthcare.gov  special enrollment due to birth marriage divorce new/loss of job, etc still applies. Get insured!
he won't make hem permanent, then he can't hang over our heads. Bribery, what @POTUS knows best
The government shouldn't be making payments of any kind to insurers. That was really dumb idea.
How would you know? Most of the issues you talk about, you have no qualifications.
The markets will be more stable when Insurance companies are allowed to compete. Ocare raised rates by 300% and created monopolies. Stable?
I have ACA. Too bad the premiums are too expensive to use it!!! Kill it!
Hon.Sen.,C.Schumer; We refuse to allow Tparty, Libertarians and R's to shift economic burdens of the wealthy onto the poor and middle class!

DEMOCRAP THEFT
Tired of all the welfare! It has ABSOLUTELY DESTROYED Amer. Too many ppl scamming system, having babies out of wedlock & don't want to work.
You guys nearly destroyed health care in the US. With your single (gov) payer quest you'll succeed by imposing a VA type system on all. Sad.
Only going to make you look bad cuz now you know the lousy suffering obamacare causes
Lol... i hope drumpf isnt in charge of writing those checks...you know his track record for making timely payments!! Lol
Obama n Dems?
I guess the Dems should have done a better job on the disastrous NObamacare.
Clearly you don't know anything about healthcare insurance.Obama Care doesn't work and you and your cronies don't care about the people.
How would you know? You make too much comical noise
Yeah you Commies know all about markets, don't you Chuck?
They are unconstitutional & stealing from hardworking, broke, middleclass. Screw permanent payments. We need repeal. @realDonaldTrump @VP
YES, CUT OFF THE PIPE. Let it starve off. It is a bad plan since day one.
Thanks to the Democrats for this mess
The failure to deliver is another Obama administration failure.  POTUS is trying to live up to the agreement. MAGA
The market is booming all time high
How about this @POTUS
1. Repeal Obamacare
2. Lower taxes
3. Build the wall
4. Finance Medicaid (Single-Payer) with a Consumer Tax
and a large proportion of the plp are paying 15t/yr w/ a 10t/yr deductible people we are e being played!!!
you people realize this BS insurance shit is talking about 10 million plp. About 3% of the population!!!
I guess somebody decided to stop sabotaging  the ACA.
What the hell do you know about markets, Chuckie?
Republicans are trying to sabotage American insurance. It's sadistic.
Reps and Dems are destroying America. The insurance scam is set up to destroy us...and its working.
Maybe DNC should have considered that when they passed the bill with funding scheduled to stop 1216, 8 years ago...  DNC backfire...
How is the White House at liberty to choose to make or not make these payments? Isn't this a valid law that was passed by Congress?
You & Pelosi are poster children for term limits.  As are many republicans.
Yes because of all your screwing around with republicans trying to get America moveing again. I hate people like you Chucky. Tearing usapart
The economy was in the tank under you guys the last eight years now you're the experts? laughable
Chuckle saying something positive, what've you done with the other Chuckie?
Obamacare in the making total failure ! Democrats must be proud !!!
It's never enough for you is it. How about getting off the soap box and back at theCapital and do you job

because big business (ins company) CEOs only care about profits, right Chuck?
Because don't Dems believe it's all the ins companies fault that insurance isn't affordable, right??
Why do you support taxpayer money going to help increase the profit margin of the insurance company CEOs?
#POTUS sabotaging #ACA by creating uncertainty/destabilising markets. That's #HumanRights  violation for #Americans whose lives depend on it
So why did you not do that from the start another Dem shortcoming of the ACA I am sure you will lay the blame other than at your door
Guess what Schmucky...after the repeal there will be NO payments for ACA...maybe Americans can have YOUR health plan....
Should continue payment until R's get head out of their, place where the sun doesn't shine.
Stop!!! You cannot lie to us when @POTUS speaks directly to us! You have rhetoric and not facts. Stop obstructing, stop making it difficult
I agree with Medley
Hey look everyone, it's FakeTears Chuck Schumer!
#maga
A permanent constant bailout? Looney liberals truely do have mental problems if you think this is ok! Spend, spend, spend. The dem way.
@realDonaldTrump @SenTedCruz @JudgeCarter @JohnCornyn you can't blame Democrats if you #donotsabotageACA
@rizfan @WhiteHouse How was that Hamptons party with Kushner? Did you find you also have Russia connections?
Really Chuck, partying with Smellyanne is beneath you.
If you look at the guest list, you'll see the whole Right-vs-Left is all a show. George Carlin said it's a..
Stop wasting my money chuckles
So govt makes the market? Now that's the infamous, we r here to help phrase while the titanic sank-u r a real market place devotee
Do people know that once long long ago satan actually sold his soul to chuck schumer!
No deals until repeal and replace are dead forever
Haveu twisting in the wind
Come up with your own #SinglePayer legislation 
Bring it to the people 
We'll make the call(s)
No cave 2 traitors
.@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats  We need to stop throwing good money after bad, no more $ to ACA. Do what citizens want
So glad this makes your day!!! You want America to lose. You piece of Sh..! Resign now. X Democrat
"I stand by nothing" - trump   never forget he told us who he is
Government should not be involved in health care period!!!!
BANKRUPT EVERYBODY!  
Crushing Americans!

DONT WAIT GET THE HELL UP AND FIGHT FOR GODS SAKE! REPEAL WITHOUT REPLACE IS NOT A PHUCKING OPTION FOR AMERICANS! SAY THAT LOUD & STRONG!
For anyone who has lived month-to-month, paycheck-to-paycheck: this is no way to live.
It's criminal unlivable wages healthcare premium gouging corporate welfare decimating education legalized bribery stripping safety nets
There should be no question about it!!!!!
Chuck U need to show that ACA ISNT DYING ITS BEING MURDERED RIGHT UNDER OUR NOSES! SHOW THAT THE @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump IS DOING IT!
Chuck get up from your desk, go get Nancy & SCREAM OUT till everyone is listening HOW @SenateMajLdr IS STRANGLING ACA! DO IT NOW goddamnit!
What if... Health insurance companies had to operate as non-profit organizations?
Sir, that's why he's saying let it fail. By not paying it will implode on itself most have figured that out somebody needs to tel the people
Why don't you just have everyone send their healthcare bills to the government and avoid the middle man
So Trump can just ignore existing legislation simply bc he doesn't like it?  (Then again, we know how bad he is about paying bills!)
Like Dems ignoring the law. Sanctuary cities
So this is what it feels like to live in a country where the leader actively hurts citizens in order to stroke his own ego.  Bravo #GOP.
Trump is stroking alright.
SWAT team should be called to deal with this hostage situation. It's only people's lives at stake. Cruel, hateful, mean #Deplorable
They want it to fail, so of course, they aren't going to make any commitments.
It's time for free market healthcare and to get politics self serving politicians and unelected bureaucrats out of our healthcare.
Sen Schumer, can I please have the same insurance as members of the house and senate? Pretty please??
Thank you....I thought that was part of the problem.  Could not find anyone to confirm my thought process!!
@POtUS @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Are murders 4 bills now & each kills & hurts more people than the one before! They are no party of God or faith!
Democrats are worst hypocrites on earth
Go away. U are insignificant and contribute nothing for our country
Спасибо
This isn't the United States of bailouts @SenSchumer . It's a Democratic legislation i get it but it's a bad Democratic piece of legislation
it was rammed down our throats with lies &  /w NO GOP input
all that voted YES for ACA didnt read it at all before vote- ask Nancy Pelosi
The should come out of NY welfare fund
#shutupchuck
Спасибо
Bet WH refuses to follow through so destruction of ACA happens as quickly as possible
Hope so!'
Yes,because millions of people unable to afford getting treated for even minor illnesses is so humane and patriotic.
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Mr.Schumer!!
Schumer shut up please
Спасибо
