Your the last one to be talking about justice, you only care about yourself and your wallet.
People today don't know how to sacrifice, or even get up off the sofa.  Guess we need more pain.
Thank you so much Senator Schumer for your thoughts on Cesar Chavez!  We all need words of inspiration right now! Times are depressing now.
Take his advice and deport illegals and build that wall!
Caesar Chaves didn't support illegal immigration that undermines citizens' n legal residents' employment n wages.
Yes, and President Trump knows this too!
please resign now
This guy was a communist Chuck. How can you say you are an American?  You should resign now! #notmysenator #resist #socialism #communism
Chavez was a murdering communist, you need to retire and move to Venezuela!
Chavez was a member of the Democratic Socialists of America. I helped people, but to be a part of such a radical group is dangerous.
Cesar Chávez was a staunch opponent of illegal immigration. Stop lying Senator.
You tell em Chuck! We must give this country back to its rightful owners, the native peoples!! We will not be cowed by white colonialists!!!
That's why conservative are fighting for the real America.  Got to stop the liberal movement to mediocrity.
What did I miss, you are praising a #socialist? #delusional #liar #hypocrite
You are comparing Chavez to yoir partisan effort to derail the Senate and Trump. A new low in partisan politics! Infected w/ Harry Reed Synd
Don't forget @DoloresHuerta, who actually coined #sisepuede!!
If needed those outside our borders-perform work let's install a process to do this it's your job!! We can't handcuff system on PC semantics
and he was also vehemently opposed to illegal immigration. But you can't be so you can garner new voters. Learn from him Chucky
Schumer is as corrupt as all the other elected officials in NYS.Highest taxes,unemployment and a welfare state. No jobs,no industry.
LAY OFF THE MARTINIS AND STOP YELLING AT NICE PEOPLE. DRUNK
...and CESAR CHAVEZ was NOT for illegal immigrants because it ruined the wages of the legal farm workers in CA, then starting a union.
Vote out all incumbents, they don't care about American citizens.
There is a difference between being an obstructionist and being for the people.
Do you stop talking?
Why not fight for Americans Schumer?
Chavez opposed illegal immigration! They drive down legal immigrant wages
Chuckie is completely delusional.  A complete mental evaluation is in order for him to continue to serve in his office.
At least he fought for Americans.  What are you fighting for Chuck, illegals and muslims
Stop #dividing the country
He was also ardently against illegal immigration you dimwit.
And it can be abused. Easily. J
Satan knows scripture. Point?
"We have only just begun to fight" this is our country NOT trump's boss Putin! @realDonaldTrump @GOP @WhiteHouse
Omg he never shuts up! Lie lie lie, oh yeah that's most Dems
And he also knew illegal immigrants were bad for his united farm workers!!
So you worship #Satan? "Chuck Schumer: God Told Me to Fight Against #Trump No Matter What" http://spinzon.com/schumer-god-fight-trump-matter/ …
Fight for justice, fight for freedoms, fight for America and Americans not illegals
Ceasar Chavez was a #Socialist. No wonder you're so screwed up.
Here is your twin in thought and actions
That's the first tweet in 65 days that you didn't bask trump ...maybe you did
Go to Mexico and stay there
CrocodileTearsSchumer Chavez said To be a man is to suffer for others. God help us to be men! You have not suffered at all in 33 years!
He was a thug
So INSPIRING!
loon!
Didn't he play The Joker on Batman?
It's only clear you need a Dr soon.
simp
Si se puede, yes we can. Shameful that chemicals/pesticides will be allowed again thanks to Gop/Trump. Fruits vegs safe to eat?
Most veg/fruit are contaminated by roundup (atrazine, banned in Europe) long before trump. #Monsanto
That right! Cesar was a strong advocate so farm workers could wk in pesticide free fields. Fruits, vegs, etc that we all enjoy.
White Democrats, the saviors of the ignorant Brown people.  Or so they think.
You need to get in touch your not for the people your for yourself and the rest of your cronies.
Thank you for continuing to do what is right!
You are fighting with crazed desperation to HIDE the truth. May Karma come down upon you for throwing your colleague, Nunes, under the bus
It's hard to take anything you say seriously because you contradict yourself all of the time in order to benefit the Democratic Party.
You have been hanging around Nancy Pelosi too much!
@SenateDems WHAT????
Cesar Chavez was a Communist and the American people should be glad that he is dead
Was he legal?
Cesar Chavez believed ferociously in the border of the United States —
Thank you for recognizing Cesar Chavez' fight for better treatment for LEGAL immigrants.
Oopsie.
https://uaw.org/remembering-cesar-chavez-delano-grape-strike/ …
Still making no sense dementia moving quickly
He accomplished a lot. Very good man. Lets get someone to stand up for blue collars of all races. America is built on them.
And those accomplishments are? Batting 0.000 so far is he not?
Go ahead and google Cesar Chavez.. Bat avg of .000 does not indicate performance. Stats like Runs scored or OBA win games. Watch Moneyball.
Sorry my reference was to Chuck
He also fought against Illegal Immigration. How can you pander to both sides of this argument Chucky?
¿Que se puede? ¿Hundir el pais?

I just found your contact info!
Wont send $ over the net.
#stopGorsuch. The majority of US voted for Democrats for POTUS & both houses of Congress & demand a filibuster! #SiSePeude #1Person1Vote
Labor unions, after supporting D's for decades are behind POTUS efforts to keep & create new, good paying jobs for workers. Times change.
He also opposed illegal immigration, Chucky. Forget that part?

@charles18522581
YOUR FINISHED OLD MAN
Chavez wasn't a terrorist or a theif piss up a rope Chuck
What's going on with the un masking?
your party finish old feeble fool
Matthew 21:32
For John came to you in the way of righteousness, and you did not believe him; but tax collectors and [1/2]
harlots believed him; and when you saw it, you did not afterward relent and believe him. [2/2]
