She attends Hunter College and hopes to become a social worker. Squandering her talents goes against the core of who we are. #DefendDACA
What? You can only name ONE?
How many hrs/ wk do the taxpayers who subsidized her existence work.Start working for the citizens who put you in office, not illegal aliens
Immigration has to been done lawfully. I need money, I work I don't steal it.  I want to move to another country I do it legally.
Why not spend your time helping American citizens.. not illegal aliens. Help citizens find good jobs. Help educate the children of Americans
did Zuleima obtain a free public education for elementary & high school before she started to pay for her college education?
45 hours? why mention it? You're demonstrating how detached you are from the rest of the country and how lazy you are. A REGULAR week is 60+
Under Obama & Dems, we lost our homes, our retirement accts & HC.  These DACA kids didn't have to worry, they had our tax money 2 support.
Dems have lost their American voter base.  They trade citizenship 4 their votes.  W/O illegal votes, Hillary not pop either!  LA-140% voters
These people can leave the country and come back legally.  They can remain grateful that they were raised & educated on the taxpayers backs!
every eligible American Citizen deserves it first.
so she works 45 hour a week, so do many natural born americans. big difference she is illegal.
If you believe following an executive order is more important than the laws your legislature makes, why don't we disband the Senate?
Why don't u give her some OF YOUR MONEY!
After getting a free public school education, and running out of grants, the poor girl has to work!
Since we are throwing out examples of Dreamers lets not overlook this one.
http://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/crime/man-accused-of-burien-rape-facing-possible-deportation/ …
Chuck if u only worked so hard 4 citizens & their children what r they dreamers or u only rep people that r not citizens.
I trust the President. Not Chuck Schumer
No DACA until Wall built
I'm more than happy to support people like her if you support deporting felons & condemn sanctuary cities who protect them
Illegals are illegal
https://twitter.com/AgentSoulful007/status/903747087032037376 …

I say this speaks for itself.
We, LEGAL immigrants feel the bitter sting of suffering consequences, while ILLEGALS get free pass. America & @POTUS read this! #EndDACA  
No it about time we enforce our laws. The only thing you care about is votes and if you had your way we let anyone in.
When will you sponsor a DREAM Act for American citizens? We need assistance too you know panderer.
Deport her
You mean u standing up for illegal aliens who committed a crime by jumping the fence and need deported ASAP
That's one good one out of thousands of do nothing government program $$$ money draining loofers
Can you spell l-e-g-i-s-l-a-t-i-o-n?  I bet Zuleima can.
American kids first
For DACA who are on us soil permanent residence then get in line for citizenship. End daca program 2017
What don't you understand about the word "illegal"?
Heres thought. Instead of fighting @realDonaldTrump following law, you do your job and work on immigration law. O, forgot ur job is obstruct
A few out of thousands. The ones protesting causing havoc in streets sure dont work. Over18 MUST go through legalization program. B American
She is still illegal
If she is DACA she is not a native of the Bronx but a resident.
Always playing with words Chuck.
She is here illegally. DACA needs to end.

SELL YOUR LIES ELSEWHERE..
YOU WERE ELECTED TO REPRESENT LEGAL CITIZENS NOT ILLEGAL CRIMINALS.. DO YOUR JOB OR BE VOTED OUT.
Here you go crying Chuck
Get rid of Daca, law and order.  Somebody get chucky a safe room
Do you know how many unemployed social workers we have in this country? Get off twitter and get back to work supporting the POTUS. Now!
She is in the #USA illegally, and is in no position to be making demands.
Maybe there are a few that have to suffer for the many?
Filthy Schumer-distorting and propagating the word immigrant and digustingly and corruptly crowbarring it to somehow include illegal aliens
The American public rejected you and elected Trump truth hurts
If these people have been in this country for any period of time and working so hard why haven't they taken the time to apply 4 citizenship
Please don't put their full names and schools out there!
IT is simply too bad that "IT"s parents broke the law and brought "IT" here illegally. "IT"needs to take their actions up with them, not us!
We all support LEGAL immigration. Stop acting like there is no difference
How  she even get into our schools being illegal alien. This is against law for them to even be here. Deport all of them. @realDonaldTrump
Senator Schumer there are flights leaving ro Venezuela you should book a one-way ticket oh and renounce your citizenship.
she's a dreamer not a "native" dumbass!!! send that bitch to cuba where she belongs!!!
It's crazy that you and your ilk consider these people "immigrants." They're not. They're illegals who snuck across our borders.
Guess what, Chuckles. YOU DONT REPRESENT FOREIGNERS. We pay you to represent AMERICANS. Does that mean anything to you??
And your point. They need to become legal.  If illegality is alright with you I think I will go rob a bank. U going to defend me too?
Why is he still illegal
Chuck stop hating on trump
She should take that work ethic back home, and quit stealing American jobs.
She went through public schools and gets grants to get an education, so she can take a job away from an American, all at our expense!
Ya works 45 hours a week. Gets paid under the table. Doesn't pay taxes and uses citizen tax money to help pay for her schooling. U lie/spin
Why didn't the Dems pass immigration reform when you had a super majority under @BarackObama? No one to blame, but yourself.
So
LEGAL IMMIGRANTS right Chuck
What about the rule of law? Do we just obey the laws we like? Get busy and get a bill on @realDonaldTrump desk to be signed.
I work 50 hrs a week I like a couple of drinks after work. I don't drive after but apparently it is ok to drive cause I work
Good for her.  She obviously works harder than you.  She definitely should be allowed to stay and be given legal status.  You should go
Took a 45 hr a week job from an US citizen.
Our President Trump does support immigrants, just not the ones that break the law.  Illegal entry, breaks the law
But, she's not legal? Why is it so hard for you dumocrats so hard to do the American's??
Did they come here Illegally? If so they broke the law.

What part of Illegal do y'all not understand?
It's sad you Democrats couldn't get together with Republicans who do this legally
Instead you did it illegally.

 unconstitutional
Well maybe she will graduate before her work visa runs out.... ya think??
I'm so happy for her. But she is still here illegally
Where were you guys when Obama deported Dreamers. At least a dozen a month. Hypocrites
Too bad the Democrats are more concerned with attacking the President rather than developing answers. #NancyPelosi
The President is the problem!
What has he done so bad
There's examples of anything you want.  We want government out of our lives and rule of law followed.  Make legal ways for dreamers.
Between antifa and your lack of care towards the middle class, your party is self destructing. MAGA.
America stand up to trumpand let's kick some butt. Stop him from tearing our country apart
Chuckie either you support the rule of law or leave the country go to Mexico. Yeah why don't you all migrate there
Anecdotal evidence.
Supporting lawlessness breeds anarchy. Like Antifa
Good for her. The President will honor those brought here illegally. However there will be more work for them to do. Quit frightening people
How can she be a Bronx Native and a Illegal Immigrant?
Ughh the democratt cry of defeat...start telling stories of individual supposed victims...no crocodile tears this week Chucky?
Hush
WHY NOT STAND UP & HELP AMERICANS TX
Again Lyin Chuck all in for anyone but taxpaying patriotic americans. Simply looking at dreamers as new voters
So what,she's keeping an American person from working 45 hours a week to pay for there college.....
Shows what hard working can accomplish if a person is ambitious enough to raise to the American dream, so many Americans let slip by.
Keep fighting for those  illegals instead of the people who pay your salary  #CoruptPolitician #DukeCunningham 
#ChuckSchumer
Nope
who has committed a crime. Chuck protector law breakers as long as he can get their vote.
GOOD FOR HER, THAT MEANS THAT SHE CAN WORK BACK IN MEXICO
One question: Has she applied for citizenship???
You know half of them here didn't.
Here is something foreign to you. Learn the law
She is illegal.
Yeah Chuck and let them live in your house
And what about our kids? Student loan debts through the roof. Don't you care about your LEGAL residents?
So someone robs a bank but works 45 hours a week we don't go after them? Or is collecting welfare while working 45 hours a week that's Ok?
Still illegal
If you had done your job the House and Senate would have passed laws to protect them. #donothing #deadbeats
Is a sitting US Senator encouraging NY'er's to break the law
Please work with @GOP to pass legislation to help #DACA. Why would we want to deport hard workig & tax paying people.
Children are children. They are a child. How is it their fault? They are children. Until they are 18
They should do great then. Back in their native country!
One cannot be a Bronx "native" and #DACA. Check the definition native... http://www.dictionary.com/browse/native  #WakeUpAmerica #RetireSchumer
The only question is, did she come here by following our immigration laws? If not then she’s  a law breaker and should be punished as such.
Her parents brought her. She's a productive me ever if society. What's your actual problem?
By
And she is breaking the law Chucky.
And you tax the crap out of her!!
#deport
She can Dream somewhere else Chuck!
Maybe she should find a school in Mexico!
Senator Schumer why don't you sponsor her so she can be a citizen .
in her list of accomplishments has she applied for citizenship ??
Hope you didn't just draw unwanted attention
Pretty sure being a Bronx native means you would be a citizen and ineligible for #DACA #tiedtoplacebybirth. #lookitup
People shouldn't pay for being brought into this country illegally would we all want to be judge by someone else's action we wouldn't
She is taking the place of a legal American who cannot get into college.
So what send her away and have them apply via the legal process and not bump those who have waited years to become US Citizens. Fair is fair
Yesssss
Maybe US citizens should stop following our laws? Stop paying taxes , drive 100 miles an hour, take anything they want. Imagine the chaos!

There are always good people on both sides. That doesn't mean law abiding citizens are bad for wanting laws enforced.....
IF DACA was the right thing to do. You should have none it LEGALLY by Congress years ago. 
DO YOUR JOB AND  STOP CRYING!
Why don't you put some effort towards our veterans and homeless
Does she pay taxes on that 45 hour paycheck? How? She says clearly all illegals should have access to TAP but pay nothing in. Unfair.
wonder what kind of subsidies are available that aren't to your native constituents children
He supports illegal immigrants, maybe he wouldn't mind moving some MS13 members into his neighborhood, OH wait Hr prob lives n a gated comm
Sen Schumer is detached from us common folk but he sure can spread propaganda instead of legislating..
Where did you steal the profile pic? Can't wait to run a google images search.
You need to support Americans first. They give you your pay check. #traitor
We are a country of laws.  Her parents broke the law.  You want to reward their action by granting amnesty to her?
We support legal immigration.  Not illegal immigration.  Chuck should be held for accessory to a crime
Like we need another social worker!!
Drug dealer who works hard on his route.   Both breaking the law

You must regret you supported it in the first place. DACA must go!!! Not legal...10 states do not agree with DACA & will sue. Bye bye DACA!
Illegal need to be gone. How many are you letting into your house?
Chuck it's called legal immigration, not anti.  We have laws here in the USA and you of all people should know that.
Schumer doesn't understand plain English.
Maybe he's not legal.
Do u no how much were all paying 4 these immigrants 4 food stamps,welfare,medicaid,this is why ur all losing voters & U can't c were fed up
We need to focus on the children of r citizens USA CANNOT b weak and capitulate to Sharia only passes 4 the literate  assimilated & loveUSA
I love Muslims "if" they assimilate r legal don't practice Sharia dictums of subjugation murder &superiority to all others LIKE EVERY 1 ELSE
Your supposed to work hard to get ahead in life. My daughter works 60hrs a week to pay back her loan for her education and she's grateful
She can't get all the free moneys old barry0 give them!
Republicans, if you want people in America to respect and follow the rule of law. Shouldn't Republicans lead by example? Stop sabotaging ACA
No sabotage needed. It was a Ponzi scheme from the start. Its imploding but that was planned all along to get to single payer
daca are not immigrants! They are illegals! You can lie to liberals! Not Americans! Immigrants came legally!
daca cost Taxpayers $500,000 per kid over last 10+ years × 400,000 kids = All of harvey, wall, new roads, bridges!
Republicans want everyone to respect the rule of law, until it comes to them not following the ACA and the GOP sabotage of the ACA law.
ACA was designed to fail.
So why is it working in Maryland, and working for millions more, and will work for millions more with fixes and less Republican hatred?
Ha. They were brought here as children. They don't deserve to be treated as criminals. You ppl are a buncha chickenshits.
I'm a US citizen who's Father came here from Germany legally and I work 70 hours a week to feed my family and feed the illegal aliens here.

Hey chuck how many in welfare food stamps free college  uh chuck how many in jail chuck
Well Chucky after taking office obozo signed brutal Anti America Executive Orders that damaged America/Endangered our Security!
Most free thinking people know we are NOT going to round up kids and deport them to a country they don't know.
Then she can afford to pay to become legal. If not, she needs to go back to her own country.
While u & @SenateDems controlled WH/Congress, why wasn't this a priority like shoving thru ACA? YOU FAILED THESE #DREAMers #StopFeigningCare
Let DACA expire & NEGOTIATE! @SenSchumer shld Fund the Wall, secure borders & approve comprehensive immigration reform, then talk. @POTUS
Too bad
Ya know the DNC put illegals "on the stage" at the Convention. Wasn't a winning strategy. Why go there?!
Chuck,.. what is wrong with following the law? DJT either continues DACA and the courts end DACA or he ends it. Either way DACA violates law
U know sharia hates r laws the more illegals not following USA the easier it is to remove laws that obstruct sharia justice
#LockHerUp 
#DEPORT her ass
I'm a Puerto Rican NYer that grew up poor and now is now middle class. PAY ATTENTION TO US!!!
Chuck please explain: how can you work with no SSN &you are an illegal? Does this mean she is working "under the table" for the employer?
Give us the wall and she can stay
...why didn't she try to become legal ?...
End #DACA
#DEPORT illegal aliens NOW Keep American Citizens safe from invaders who only want to take advantage of USA

They are ILLEGAL Chuck!
Send them home and STOP PANDERING FOR ILLEGAL VOTES CHUCK!!

AMERICAN FIRST PERIOD!!
She's had a long while to become legal should have done it by now how is that my problem You don't care about America thats why you lost
