We actually are the  majority d-bag. Now go blow ur messiah!! #Imprison45 #Resist
So what exactly is a "looser" anyways? Do you mean LOSER?? I love how Dump worshippers r incapable of even forming coherent sentences 
Here's one for you. We have the presidency, the house, the Senate and majority of governorships.  What's your excuse?
Yawn.Enjoy ur majority while it lasts even tho clearly it's not working b/c absolutely NOTHING is still getting done. What a worthless party
How is it down there in Lalaland, Pennsyltucky??
It's great don't have left wing Idiots!!
You do realize Schumer won his last election w/ 70% of the votes right?? But liberals r the idiots  Go back in ur trailer Cletus....
If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor.
Yeah I got to keep all my doctors. It's been great!  
single payer
cali just did the numbers for california, 400b - state budget is 109b idiot
single payer
Cali. Numbers are in. What Chucky and the Dems want will not work.
single payer
Let me guess you have run up student loans getting your Libral Arts degree. 
Now you need others to cover your dumb  ass.
single payer
Prove that single payer works in a population close to the size of the U.S.
if they don't they'll soon be on the unemployment line
Really??? GOP work with the Dems.... pot calling the kettle black? GOP tried to fix it...pull the plug!
Well how about taking the middleman out of the MCAID Managed Care plans! It's a start.
Why should GOP be having to work with Dems to fix something the Dems broke in the first place?
and 19 mil sooner!  Teaparty-DON'T TREAD ON ME.  LEAVE OUR PARTIES US PARTIES NOW!
Nope Schumkie!!! No sense as u have proven u are incapable or incompetent to work with anyone

Sounds like something Mitch McTurtle said when Obama was elected that lasted for 8 yrs. it won't be 8 for Trump. He'll resign in one.
For the good of the country the Democrats should accept the fact they lost the election, pull up a chair and start working on issues to help
you brainless had all chances in the world to correct Hussain Care and you failed.
If it's good 4 you, it should be good for me & I'm not even in my 60's YET!!!!!
With MCAID Managed Care, how about reverting it back to straight (FFS) MCAID!?
U see. MCAID Managed Care plans r geared to limit and ration healthcare!!
Fix what u broke?!?  Ur plan ACA sucked and was full of lies and doomed to fail. Healthcare is not a right nor the federal govt's job!
& lower the age to 50 in which people can qualify for both MCAID&MEDICARE!?
The senate has all "good old boys" working on the bill so things are sure to be better, right?
What Republicans- think that number can't mean you. Denial. Especially means Trump's voters looking for a better deal. Is America Great yet
STOP fighting and start working with Mr Trump! He's the President, like it or not!!!!!
Here's the count for Trump- As of May 3 34 Executive Orders, no legislation for new laws. SAD.
lie, it will no longer mandetory to have health insurance and those are the ones who are willings do not want to have.  you always lie.
Why should those 65 & over(seniors) enjoy the benefits of both MCAID&MEDICARE & everyone else on Managed Care Plans!?
With MCAID Managed Care plans the enrollee has to choose 1 doctor, 1 pharmacy and 1 hospital! U think that's fair? NOT!!!!!
You need to quit blocking his every move! Trump is our President. 
#resist Chuck That's all you all are good at. The economy is humming. Plenty of jobs with health care available. Worry more about taxpayers
and all you are good at is repeating debunked talking points. Have you even read the bill? no? i didnt think so.
I have. it's meaningless. Obamacare re-branded. It will make no difference.
then you obviously havent as it is FAR from rebranded
It doesn't address the biggest problems. And all of the core provisions are still there.
thats true, thank you for clarifying your meaning.
Bottom line this bill is meaningless pandering. At best it will make no difference. I'm no fan of the ACA, but this is not the way to go.
Agreed
Your ACA like all products of democrat thought was flawed, but beyond that it was tyranny. foisted upon us by that traitor & U.
You lie so much and are part of the reason I will never vote for a Democrat
REPEAL Obamacare 100%, then let Government stay the hell out of the healthcare market, how 'bout THAT? It wasn't broke 'till Obama BROKE it!
Your healthcare 'system' is a disaster. For the good of the country, Dems should reject it & work/GOP to fix it by relacing it
Everyone against the ACA doesn't remember everyone's skyrocketing premiums before that due to the poor going to ER's. Fix the ACA for real!

Were is your proof that 23 mill people will lose insurance @SenSchumer show proof or stop crying your fictitious #
You can argue that number @SenSchumer however what about people that don't want insurance that were forced to take it,do they still count?
Why don't you grow up what the heck do you think the Rep. asked you dummies but you can only criticize
Hey Chuck you aren't the president you should be working with @POTUS when you become the prez you can dictate.
The same CBO that sang the praises of the ACA that took millions of Americans insurance away and ended up costing us trillions. #hypocrites
Its YOUR healthcare system that is broken, got it yet chucky!!
So instead of blocking everything, get in there and do your job. Work with the rest of Congress to fix our health CARE.
So you are finally ADMITTING it needs fixed?  Get off your ass and do it!  Its a shame the plug has to be pulled to open your eyes.
BS SCHUMER! OBAMACARE IS AN ABSOLUTE FAILURE. OBSTRUCTIONIST!
CBO score was awesome! Over $100B in savings & returns freedom of choice to all Americans.
Chuck Schumer doesn't know the meaning of the phrase "For the good of the country" lying political selfish poor excuse of a man Schumer
We will all be uninsured by 2026 Senator Schumer. We must mandate that hospitals reduce costs.Nursing homes cost more than the best hotels?
DEMS ALREADY HAD THEIR CHANCE!!! @GOP is the majority party and should do whatever they want, like you did... With no GOP votes. #Hypocrite!
What does it look like when you piss off 23 million people?
Satisfactory
I didn't know weed was legal in New York,you should stop smoking what ever your smoking sir.these people wouldn't work with anyone in anyway
#IMPEACHdjt&cohorts THATS SOUNDS GOOD. BUT U KNO repubs DONT CARE FOR THE PUBLICS NEEDS.
@Lee_in_Iowa chuck you gotta out our a. Enter plan with fixes and jam through
By next year no insurance will participate on Obamacare, so going to more then 23 m with no coverage Chuckie
#Obamacare is in a death spiral.  Republicans should let it die, you and your party own this mess. Insurance companies are fleeing fast!
@neeratanden There's nothing wrong with health care in this country. A big problem with health insurance. 2 totally diff things.
Chucky ... you had your chance now get in step with @POTUS 
Dems created this mess, step up and work w/Repubs. You add to the divide.
For the good of the country you should resign
they couldn't even be bothered with taking the time to read! #TwoFaced #PolitiWhores
I guess they fact Obamacare IS irretrievably broken is also somehow Trumps fault and the Democrats bear no responsibility for passing shit
and when ALL insurers pull out of Obamacare how many will be insured? "Fix" thats rich you say fix, what dems passed is irretrievably broken
You didn't seem to want to work with the Republicans when you drafted Obamacare?
But only 9M are covered by Ocare!
The same Dems that fucked it up?  The same Dems that WOULDNT WORK WITH REPUBLICANS when crafting a path to single payer?  You're a jerk.
And if you don't start balancing budget it's gonna be 100%!
Here in California, there is MediCal.  States with health insurance crises should have a state health insurance program that every one has.
Chuck do you beleive the CBO numbers?
How many would be cut from SSDI?
Never happening chuckie. We are enjoying watching ocare die all on its own
Wait i thought there was nothing wrong with Obamacare. Which one is it Chuck the Cuck?
BECAUSE THEY WILL STOP IT THEMSELVES TO SAVE MONEY... NOT BECAUSE THEY WERE THROWN OFF!!! that's a projection
Not if they get jobs
I think the dems should work with republican. Your ass backward since they're in charge now.
You got to be kidding Chucky. Did you work with Republicans on the first round of the massive takeover of healthcare? Nope. get bent.
Le tme be clear here....Republicans have CLEARLY shown, they do NOT care about the good of our country! This Bill PROVES that!
We've experienced the ObamaNoCare plan of the Dems. You hurt way too many ppl while collecting kickbacks from insurance co. @SenSchumer
AHCA won't FORCE ppl to have coverages, to inflate the # game, like ACA did. If you like ObamaNoCare you can keep it lol
Obamacare is the cancer on us Schumer!  Get Pelosi go read the bill
But you said you'd obstruct everything President Trump tried to do.  So, why and how would they work with that mindset?
Maybe because the R's vowed to obstruct everything Obama wanted to do in his terms, and DID block no matter how bad it was for America. 
Wish someone would pull the plug on your constant whining
@AllLeftNews they have to check with putin first
Lie!
Here is the big mistake u liberals are making. The country is watching, and they see what you're doing. Shame on you
You never tried to work with Repub when you fools crammed this down our throats! It's a total disaster. Stop throwing at it.
Cold day in hell listen to you guys again. Listened to you on TV discussing new plan, you were describing Obama are to a T. Wake up
Original Obamacare, supposed to cover 46 million, and only 18 million were covered. Replacement may be a fiasco, but no Dem proposal to fix.
Chuck, Chuck boh-buck
For the good of this country you should keep quiet! Give the President a chance! You and your party is a disgrace sir!
Liar, liar, pants on fire!You haven't had a real job your entire life!You have NO idea how the rest of us live.No experience. You are the !
Ok so if you think you can do better, then you come up with a plan
Obama's ACA is not the only cancer in this nation, so are you. You are a career politico whose agenda relies on sensationalism & lies.
You guys had the ball and you failed with #Obamacare.... and #Obama made bunch of promises that were lies.
for the good of the country @HillaryClinton should be in prison. You lost Chuckie. Grow up. @POTUS
We need to demand open hearings from silent Senate group of GOP men deciding our future health...who lives and who dies..this is critical
I was told i could keep my doctor LIE I was told my insurance would not go up -LIE actually my deductible went up $1000.00 STOP Lying REPEAL
Many can't afford NOW & will decide 2 leave when govt order, under threat of force, 2 buy private product is done away with @WilkowMajority
BOTH WAYS. QUIT going on TV with a smirk on your face and laughing about it. IF YOUR NOT PART OF THE SOLUTION YOUR THE PROBLEM !
Work with Dems ?  You have absolutely proven you won't 'work' with them. Obvious to the American People !!!
Individuals in the Private Exchange Mkt are paying 8 to 10 X the price for the same insurance plan as those in employer plans. That is wrong
Schumer you and other Dems can't fix our Healthcare your to busy Talking about Rep with your Resistance Movement Dems Created against Rep
If U DEMS did the job Right in the first place it wouldn't need FIXED now HOW U WORK WITH GOP INSTEAD OF OBSTRUCTING it works>>>
BOTH WAYS. Quit going on TV with a smirk on your and laughing about it. If your not part of the solution YOUR THE PROBLEM!!!!!
It's better than Obamacare which is collapsing.
Dear sir how about some of your famous tears for people who are paying 2000 per month with 10,000dollar deductible, u call that covered?!
Democrats lied to America about Obamacare, CBO was WRONG about Ocare.. Absolutely no reason to believe dems or CBO.
Dems Created Obamacare which is about to Blow up so Dems can't fix Healthcare what a Joke
"Unless you're a millionaire" healthcare is a nightmare NOW under Obamacare! Only 12 Mil signed up for Ocare, how can 24 mil lose hc..
And unless your a wealthy Senator from NY you don't have to accept gov health care.  When ya'll are forced to be on it, then I'll accept it.
WAKE-UP and stop lying to the ppl with your false narrative! Start working with the ppl & the GOP!!
27 MILLION PEOPLE ARE STILL UNINSURED UNDER THE OCARE DEBACLE-Doctors are turning patients away who have Ocare cuz it doesn't pay  the docs
You are a LIAR, a DEMAGOGUE-LiAR STOP lying to the ppl re: the healthcare. NO one is losing anything U always give false rhetoric to the ppl
I like to also add single payer is a now go. Federal gov should stay out of health care. State Rights Chuck.
Tell us what your plan is.  Not spending more tax money?  I doubt it.
I hope they pull the plug on it. Not property of the Gov. Health care should be my choice not forced on me like obama care.
If elected GA's Karen(kissed trumps ass)Handel (r) will rubberstamp Trumps Cruel, ineffective laws on to the people of 6th

We need @ossoff

#ATM  Another Trump Moment: America shouldn't feel bad because Trump made US look like imbeciles at home. Hell he does it equally overseas. 
@neeratanden The majority of this country wants #MedicareForAll.We want higher education as a right.Stop taking corporate $.
A good advise.
CBO was wrong on obama care. Obamacare fail, single payor would be disaster. Work with Trump
For the GOOD of the COUNTRY u should reel in Sarsour
For the good of the country, all of you should work together and develop a better plan.  Why does it matter what it is called?  More BS !
Chuckles, when you delay & obstruct, you keep people like me from obtaining needed surgery. YOU are killing people. #Tucker #Dobbs
I have no insurance due to Obama and your Medicaid will never cover me. You tell the middle class to take it up ass. Shut up, Chuckles.
Who keeps voting you in office? Come to the Heartland and see what real people think!
Probably rigged!
Incase you forgot most working Americans cannot afford imploding Obama Care now.  Stop the lies Chuck
You are a joke!!!!! Can't wait till the people of NY get rid of you...and they will
Pure #Witchhunt #Scaremongering #Obamacare is bankrupt, #Democrats only bark, have nothing better to offer to the #Americans #USPolitics
They'll need to read it first!!!
Oh now u say the dems want to FIX health care from the disaster u created with obama care the same HC system u never even read HYPOCRITE
FOR THE GOOD OF THE COUNTRY - YOU SHOULD GO FIND ANOTHER JOB.
Chuckie, there's only 23M on Obamacare now. Who does the CBO math?
Fake news it is that number because many people will chose no coverage. Land of the free is it not? Or are we a dictatorship?
It was Obamacare that sabotaged health care. Premiums tripled and the plans people can afford are bear worthless  Stop resisting change
If you can't negative tweets stay off twitter you have nothing to say but negative posts grow up and earn your money tax payers pay for shit
And how many of those are ONLY 'insured' due to mandate?  How many will be uninsured when the few remaining insurers abandon Obamacrap?
No Pull the Plug! Obamacare total failure unless you get it for free of course, tired of being jerked around!
hi chuck.  Remember me?  I'm the middle class that you and your buddy Obama forgot about.
you know.   We are also the same people whose insurance rates went up 25% under Obamacare.
Patrick, you must be very young not to remember that insurance rates were skyrocketing anyway because ER's saw the poor, passed the cost on.
FROM ANONYMOUS SOURCE: @SenSchumer IS ALCOHOLIC N DRUG ADDICT"
COULD YOU BELIEVE AN ALCOHOLIC AND DRUG ADDICT LIKE @SenSchumer??
It doesn't matter Chuck. They're doing this 2 get more $ 4 campaign funding. $ is the ROOT of our problem. #ImpeachTrump #resist #p2 #GOP
THE COPY OF THE FINAL HEALTH CARE IS NOT OUT YET FOR THE PRES. TO SIGN.????
It doesn't work!!!!!!! Open your political eyes!!!!!!
Chuck did you say work together,  should have thought about that when you passed this bill
Sure,go to Single-Payer Medicare For All,for a start
Fight back please!!!!!!!!!
go chuck  keep fighting thanks
#CharlieDaniels Open letter to #ChuckSchumer. #MAGA  http://www.cnsnews.com/commentary/charlie-daniels/charlie-danielss-open-letter-chuck-schumer-youve-opened-pandoras-box …
Are all Democrat Congressmen on OCare? Government employees? You Democrats are self centered, aloof and unable to understand the Electorate.
Of the CBO estimate,how many of that # are due to people choosing to forego due to end of gov coerced mandate 2 buy a product?12-14 Million?
BECAUSE THEY CHOOSE NOT TO PAY FOR THEIR OWN COVERAGE!!!!!!!
The Republicans are not in charge of Insurance Companies rejecting Obama Care & pulling their Ins. Coverage out of states.
STOP IT STOP IT stop being a democrat and be a congressman. Worker together, make a good health and tax plan. You are there for all of us.
You won't want to call it Obamacare now.. Espionage being reported by OBAMA! Circa is now confident. Obama going down! Sweet talking Obama
Nothing can happen until both sides can work together for all Americans. Please keep up the good fight. Thank you.
What is your plan Chuck? Have not seen it on the news shows? Maybe you can tell us instead of spreading lies about the failure of healthcare
For the good of the country you should resign immediately and never show your face again .
The 28M uninsured under Obamacare is acceptable however.  How did the Dems determine 28M uninsured was acceptable? Just wondering....
For the good of the country you should not be reelected and that will be the nail in the coffin for you. Bye bye cryn Chuckie
The bots must be being paid alot to tell lies & spread garbage on Schumers tweets.  Makes me believe him more so keep it up.
Sorry. GOP needs to steam roller over Dems every chance they can.
I think they have deleted #GOOD from their list of goals.  #LookForThePoorUnderTheBus
By fix you mean keep obamacare right? Or does  "fix" mean you will "resist" no matter what the GOP comes up with?
