"I plan to keep speaking for quite a while longer, as long as I'm able" #StopGorsuch #HoldTheFloor
#A hole

All obstructionist, term limits!
We don't like current admin passing bills behind closed doors ..we don't trust Trump's picks he is being investigated no to Gorsuch
Deal with it we luv Pres Trump NOT A BOUGHT CORRUPT POLITICIAN
You will be dealing with the traitors luv..you are still young and dumb...so sad watch as his empire falls for colluding w Russia .
Sorry not young. U r ignorant and believe career bought Politicians and FN media.
GORSUCH IN KNOW MATTER WHAT KIND OF GAME YOU PLAY.THINK HARRY REID.
time to switch topics Chuck. Ever heard of Susan Rice?  Check her out.
Now you're just parroting what Elizabeth Warren said.
Maybe you will pass out and no one will hear you anymore!!  Please disappear!!
Many NYers support Gorsuch. You don't represent us!
Let's get America moving forward so negative embarrassed to be a democrat
step back and put an end to this vote for Gorsch and move forward
Choosing Party over what's right You are both ridiculous
Idiot Chuck Schumer - making emotional decisions. Bring on Gorsuch to the Supreme Court - And i thought H Reid was bad
If you compare this amount of time to the time that Gorsuch will be on Supreme Court it is laughable
Never happen.  Time to join the American first train Chuck.
For viewing adults, Sesame Street is a better option - or perhaps Sponge Bob Square Pants.  Thank you Harry Reid for changing the rules.
You represent a broken govt that works against Americans. Obstructionism for Garland is wrong and hurts US! Bad behavior. Voting you out!
Y'all are pathetic you have a lot of Hate in Your Heart . You're really very sad people
Wow. Schumer: Cher does not respect you. Time to step down.
So your saying you have alot of bark but you don't have any bite? So get back on the porch and watch Gorsuch become the next SCOTUS Judge!!
When they go nuclear I hope you like the taste of your own medicine.  Liberal hacks!
u go blow hard!
More pointless partisan bloviating based upon conspiracy theories. Sad.
You did this! So you can kick, yell, scream fight and try to talk your way out of it all you want! This situation falls on you!
No seat was even open in 2007 when you declared 19 months prior to George Bush's presidency being over that you would block any nominee!
YOU are to blame for what is going on right now! You set this precedent! You caused this divided!

And where are the rest of you, exactly?
Good Judge you just blinded by the far left and dark money. Going to be fun when the other judges retire. 51 is a great thing Chuck
thks for doing this! great job.
You Go!

#ConfirmGorsuch and get to work. Only politicians can get away with crap like this. Embarrassing.
1 thing we know about u Chuck is that u love 2 hear yourself talk! How boring 2 listen 2 a bunch of politicians talk 4 hours. We pay 4 this?
Your done chucky#retired
No thanks!
Make asses of yourselves, nobody cares. Talk about Susan Ricegate
You guys are the best. We so appreciate what you are trying to do. You have our backs we will do our best to have yours.
Go ahead keep talking I need some help falling asleep 
you.   MAGA
#JoeBidenRule #HarryReid #NukeOption
Dems like making rules until they can be used against them. Gorsuch will be confirmed.
Thank you Senator Merkley!
I'm watching.......the Dems crater.
Chuckie the Dinosaur, in the End ...you lose!
Like your party and hairline, you're fighting a losing battle, Chucky. #SupremeCourtJusticeGorsuch
go home it's over
I hate to ask, but has this ever worked before?
WHERE IN THE HELL DO THE DEMS GET THESE PEOPLE LIKE CUCK N MERKLEY, SOOOO DESPERATE!
Cloture baby
You are nuts! A real corrupt Dem!
This is a disservice to Americans. This is not a time to try to "get back" at the Republicans. There is nothing wrong with Gorsuch.
keep up the good work sir. If it weren't for you the party would be stepped on like a front door rug.
maybe he will fall over..If we are lucky..
No one watching. How about some New Democratic leadership?
And what work is NOT being done because you wanted to play like someone stole your girlfriend who had the ball you were playing with?
Only proving Dems are full of hot air.

Everyone's going to suck on lemons and eat popcorn and laugh a lot!Eventually U'll drop like a rock!Thanks Harry Reid with Nuclear Option!
Watching on Cspan 2 right now!
ÀMANDLA!
Chuck. How about find some common ground and work with the President on things you can agree on to help Americans,like you are paid to do.
president should find common grounds with all that is what he is paid to do.
The President has been reaching out to ppl more than the Dems have been willing to even return a call. Can't converse when one side refuses.
Thank you for continuing to fight for us
Great exercise in futility. Good practice for next time.
No thanks, Chuckie - the real show is coming on Friday!
Watch him put a show on for his constiuents cause he knows its for nothing cept his reelection, Merkley working for you, #DUPED
#holdthedoor
Let's not and say we didn't 
