DEMs need to focus on their own network cybersecurity to minimize risk of break ins by foreign actors.
The Repubs will be tied to Russ attack. History will not be kind. Like those who stood by as Hitler marched acrossEUR. Weak  No honor
The Republicans are why don't you start
Maybe you missed it we are working on it as of yesterday a sophisticated attack on this problem starts wake up.
Yes. We are wasting time focusing on leaks & partisan politics. How do we get an INDEPENDENT investigation?
Independent investigation for what? Not a smidgen of collusion has been discovered...
And there won't be, as long as there's no investigation. Amirite? Nice try, bot.
How about focusing on making the economy in AMERICA better. #Outnumbered @VarneyCo
"Illegitimate" guess u don't believe in democracy & no I haven't, could u enlighten me as to who the few are?
Do you know that the US has interfered in roughly twice as many foreign elections as Russia. But no one tal;ks about that and we r astounded
Yeah so why do we seem so indignant when the Russians do it after we have meddled in foreign elections twice as many times. What goes around
Name me just one. Just one Russian who has colluded with President Trump or anyone in the Trump transition team??  #fakenews
HOW DID WE GET A RUSSIAN IN THE WHITE HOUSE?? This is insane!!!
There's a need to RESIST the obscenity that is the current GOP. Hypocrisy abounds from Trump, Ryan & McConnell.
How's this chuck, why not have no dirt in the emails exposed, would be pretty boring email don't you think fool??
Saddest thing about entire #TrumpRussia affair isn't the questions about Trump & his associates. It's the GOP's apparent enabling of it.
because GOP are spineless but we have good people like Chuck & Al to name a few who honestly are tired of this BS.
Lol! They must be so proud to have the support of cat people across the nation
okay, Trumpers also own cats but hey an old tweet you had to comment on, some maga some life..SAD
both parties should focus on getting something done and stop grand standing.
#GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP #CompromisedPresidency
#WannabDickTraitor #ReasonTREASON #IMPEACH #GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP #CompromisedPresidency
Like Obama getting involved with taxpayer funds to influence Israels' election Chucky?? You are a partisan hack and a two faced fraud

Then cancel your Resist.
You are the reason Dems are on notice that their days are numbered.
(212) 486-4430
#DrainTheSwamp 
#MAGA 
Add Blumenthal
#VoteOutGOP2018
Vote out DEMS 2018
#GoAwayChuck
You, Pelousy, Warren, Waters, et al are a much bigger threat to the USA than Russia. Please just resign. Go away. You are embarrassing!
idiot, how many time you want to hear, there is no Russians collusion, you a holes lost and get over it.

The 80's called, they want their foreign policy back..all your tweets prove is how INCOMPETENT @BarackObama in foreign policy
just do your job and fix health and taxes, what we voted you to do
but you didn't care when Obama meddled in Israel, GB, France, Canada or overthew LIbya or killed hundreds of thousands..HYPOCRIT
Both parties should have agreed when AG Lynch was caught meeting with Bill Clinton , but they didn't.  You're a hack.
THERE ARE BIGGER FISH TO FRY CHUCKY !!!
Why didn't you care about this during the past 8 years? If Hillary won we wouldn't even be talking about this. You're just pushing narrative
Have you reached out chuck to the other side??? Easy to say so, walk your talk, that would be fabulous really.
Pity the former POTUS didn't follow suit!!#hypocrite
Both parties should be but only one party cares about truth and democracy and it's not the @GOP. They only care about not getting caught.
What has been found so far? Anything to require an independent investigation?
Islam and Communist are the threat and they are  both embraced by Demoncrats.
Time for #LyinCryinChuckSchumer to stop wasting taxpayer money!
no FBI confirmation w/o Special Prosecutor in place.
Yes!!l They should! So sick of this "my team vs your team" mentality of the 2-party system. Why can't @GOP wake up to reality (publicly)?
Looks like there is going to be some focus on a lot of things Chuck. Your parties corruption is soon coming to an end. Hey Hey Hey, Goodbye!

Concern should be why Russia able to hack us. Hmm, maybe our officials shouldn't be using unsecure private servers... #draintheswamp
Give me a break! Of course Russia wants influence on our elections. The same way we want influence in other countries.
idiot
Keep up the good work Chuck. He can't fire you!
We need to focus on the reason on why trump fired FBI  director Comey
Why? To waste more money and time. Attempting distractions while you waste US$$ on govt contacts to corporations for your personal gain ?
How focused were you about Obama spending our taxpayer money trying to influence Israeli  & French elections?  Where is your investigation?
You should also focus on why the W.H. continues it's attempts to derail the investigation  [ie. Nunez, Yates, Comey] and others.
yes Russia hacked/leaked DNC emails and DNC emails cost you the election. Starting to sound like Reps chasing Obamas birth certificate
Completely correct! We need to investigate the DNCs servers!!!!!
But then there's Feinstein!
That's more important than healthcare? Why? BC ur candidate didn't win?
Look who we got for POTUS, thanks to Putin and Russia.
As well@as Trump's "access to $100 M"
of Russian funds. This administration is corrupt must be impeached. Pence and Ryan also. CLEAN HOUSE.
@wikileaks is not Russia. Stop using politics to disregard American votes & intelligence and overlooking clinton fraud, deep state crimes..
I'm a lot more focused on the threat posed by a POTUS using Police State tactics to spy on own citizens for purely political purposes.
Blah blah blah
So what do you call ex-Pres. Obama endorsing Macron? Seems like that's an attempt to influence a foreign election. That's OK?
Back to "The Russians"
If there was any merit to Russia hacking you wouldn't have stopped talking about it. How did top secrets get released that's the question
Our democracy is hanging in the balance.
You need to focus on getting to work. Hilliary didn't have a message and didn't connect with the people. Flawed candidate. Get over it.
Agree, but as the French election proved, they have no impact.
Hacking has no link to influence and by claiming this you take away the reality of the spirit of the people who vote no to people like you.
Didn't MSNBC, NBC, ABC also try to influence the election?
You in the Senate and Congress have had more than enough time on the Ruskie bullsh..! Get busy on getting things done  @potus @vp
Trump will be the next president impeached!!!
What about @BarackObama trying to influence Israel, USA, UK & France. It's okay when we do it? You need to go into the woods with #Hillary.
End your delusion, Chuckles. Perhaps it's time to retire.
What in the world will you do when you find out there is no Russian collusion? Admit that @HillaryClinton sucked? Pathetic.
Since when doesn't the GOP care about risks foreign governments esp. Russia pose to America and its way of life? #45 is not invincible.
correct and that includes the well documented influence over the Clinton campaign
Why weren't you crying this much when your Muslim messiah was doing the same to Israel?
Why did u not have this passion about hillary and her shady dealings? Chuck u are a partisan hack
There is no Russian collision; there is an investigation, a real one, into the unmasking of highly confidential material &leaks to media.
FYI our election is over. #moveon
By ours you really mean Dems, you wouldn't give a rats ass if you won.
GOT ANY EVIDENCE, CHUCK? BRING IN THE SOLID EVIDENCE. Until then, SHUT UP AND STOP LYING.
I can't believe after the tone the GOP used in thier intergation/propaganda pitch you have faith in the GOP
You shouldn't be talking considering what you said about Barron!
More Fake news Chuck no one believes a word you say
and now he's fired Comey so anyone who comes after the truth get's fired?
Why didn't you say that when Obama Admin helped finance Netanyahu's opposition during Israel's last election. #Hypocrite
Including the election they just controlled!
#InvalidElection2016 #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpCollusion-Yates,Bharara,Comey
But it was ok for Obama to interfere with and try to influence the Israeli election.
You should focus on things that way much more important not fake news!! Stop wasting tax dollars
Yes! This whole #COMEY firing is diversion. And I am not a fan of #Comey
Hillary lost cause she's a crook plain and simple!!
Amen Sister! #MAGA
Now what Senator? Please Act
Well what will you do now Senator, now that he's fired Comey?
Yes waste more tax payers money on your own agenda. My Gosh. Can't you stop your corrupt behavior? You are a bad person. I will pray for you
Name me just ONE republican that is worried about Russian hacking? ..I"ll wait
Shut up for Christ sake you fool!
You're an embarrassment to our country
Republicans an Delegates seem to be more interested in being loyal to Lyin Trump
Chuck the suggestion was made that Trump had connections with Russian parties and yet people still voting for him.  Can we move on
Chuck, it was known that Mrs Clinton had several relationships with the Chinese, but people still voted for her.  Can we please move on
And that should have been the approach from the beginning instead of using it as an excuse for  Dem losses.
Absoulety! It's was &is outrageous.Old nasty GOP white men can't stand 2 lose the last of their power!Need to bury them! #MarchForTruth
3/If YOU BELIEVE TRUMP INTL wld allow suspect IN TRUMP TOWERS I've got a SL of TRUMP PROPERTIES to sell off Atlantic
The @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP are acting like children, with "leaks, leaks, leaks, unmaskiiiing!". Grow up! Your country needs you! #service
2/Choose 1:
1Keep on payroll for 18 days
2Give access to HL Security briefs & biz  negotiations
3FIRE & ESCORT FROM TRUMP TOWERS PRONTO
1/If "TRUMP" ORG has info that competitor has goods on its Chief of Corp Security What would Mr. "YOU'RE FIRED" do?
Threat?!?!  Chuck, they stole the election.  We need a special prosecutor.
You would think?
No the focus should be on #TrumpRussia collusion and getting an independent commission to investigate. Hacking is the symptom not disease.
Yes Please. Forcing Trump to produce his tax returns may also answer some Russia questions #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Yes and both sides should also focus on the illegal unmasking and leaking to the media of U.S. persons and someone needs to go to jail.
US has interfered in 45 country elections over 75 times. Obama used tax payers money to interfere in Israel's election! Get over Russia!
People should be...BUT, people who believe in the law are more focused on the illegal masking and corruption of the Obama Admin as priority.
Really Chuck then investigate Susan Rice ..... and HRC .....
Let's focus on the real criminals hiding behind Washington. 10 months and nothing. This is out $. How about looking at real Washington crime
i so agree with you
Both parties? what do you think of all countries involved. Russia needs to be hold responsible......
Also, we need a committee outside DC to ensure this doesn't happen again. Before 2018! Paper ballots only. No machines!
Absolutely sir 
Yeah that's fine but I'm more interested in TREASON
The true clown
Get over the election stuff and move on with the business of the country already
They did not manipulate votes or results. They released the truth to American people and ur against that because ur all liars and phonies.
Cut the shit they "influenced" our election by exposing the truth HRC failed to divulge. The lying suppressing byDNC. People heard the truth
You still have no proof that the hackers are Russians and in spite of these facts continue to blame a foreign power? What is your diplomacy
Seems there is only one party that is really looking out for the best interests of the nation and its people. Ours.
WTH Will they think of next to divert from #Trumprussia #TrumpImpeachmentParty #TrumpCollusion https://twitter.com/thehill/status/861978846417039360 … …
Conservative watchdog files FOIA lawsuit for Sally Yates' emails http://hill.cm/LfljFSO  
Stop tweeting what Uknow 2b false. Repubs care only4 TheRich. Did they wk w Obama? Why r any of u beingPaid+expenses
If there is nothing to hide, there is nothing to hold over you
gop don't care russian handed control of the U S to them, treasonous as well as complicit high treason runs strong among gop
Both parties should be focused on the CRIMINAL acts of Trump, his family and his cronies. INDEPENDANT PROSECUTOR NOW!
Yes, they should..but, unfortunately the GOP (Gang of Putin) is too busy worrying about EMAILS and MUSLIM BAN...and protecting their LYING.
No! I want 2 know who leaked the names. Unmask the criminal
We should also be focused on the fact that there we are choking on so much smoke from this #TrumpRussia scandal. #WheresTheSmokingGun
What you doing about this? N.Y. promoted, covered up lesson plan teaching students to sympathize with Islamic suicide bombers
@PressSec Yes, please.  We'll have some of that.
We all know that Russia has been trying to influence elections since  the Kennedy era.  We did the same under Obama, to Israel.
Why didn't the hearings have cope limited to Russia and Flynn? Why was #MuslimBan and #leakers brought up? #distraction?
Do you think obama speech before French elections was to influence their election
@comcastcares is a graver threat to our national security than Putin.
Wow, that sounds frustrating. Send me a direct message with your account information and I'll look over it with you.-Ray
oops did you say their attempts? so are you convinced @realDonaldTrump is innocent, and want to admit all the lies by Liberals including you
And concerned about the US trying to influence other nations. Isreal comes to mind as most recent.
No Democrat lies and false statements are worst than Russia. like anyone gives a crap about what hackers & fake news media has to say
Threat posed by Russia @RepAndyBiggsAZ @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake @dougducey @RepGosar @RepTrentFranks @VP @RepMcSally
Both parties need to be focused on what is best for the American people and not what goes into there bank acct.!!!
While obama goes on french tv to endorse Macron...and tried to influence Israeli election...man do you suck schmucky!!!
Thank you captain obvious....the republicans dont give a shit about freedom, it would probably have to include everybody
@Barbie892 STOP ALL DEPORTATIONS, IMPEACH, PRISON FOR ALL TRAITORS. GOP, REPUBLICANS ELECTORAL COLLEGE ADMINISTRATION GUILANI
Oh, bullshit schumer.  Let's get off of this subject.  There are more pressing issues
It's time to blame the Russian hacking on our government for its inability to stop it. Failed again to protect America. Do your jobs guys.
Agreed
Since when has Schumer worked with the GOP, never, don't expect any help from them.
You spelled "primary fraud" wrong
Exactly. Moderate republicans were targeted too. Why do you think Drumf won against them?
But it was okay for Obama to influence Israeli elections? Democrat hypocrisy.
#tcot
@Heritage
@GOP
*yawn*
And decide what we are going to do with this fake president in the White House and what follows. Thank you Schumer.  You will be blessed
Both parties should grow up and start working together on all issues Mr. Schumer.

Both parties should focus on impeachment.
Should we worry at all about our attempts to influence the French election?
Give it up Schumer...and grow up.
Influencing elections by exposing the DNC undermining a candidate on the primaries. Funny how Democrats don't want to address the actions of
Russia and ignore their own parties actions to undermine the other Democrat candidate....
About the leaks you propaganda puppet for the left talking points.
But it's ok for Obama to pick sides in France???
