Capitol Police officers discussing tax reform in the House gallery. One of them says: "I don't want to lose my state deduction."

you want to keep people down so they are Democrats you don't want them to realize Republicans can bring them out of poverty shame on you
You rather keep people on food stamps in poverty and keep your country down than to admit the Republican plan will improve people's lives
Look it's no secret some of you will look out for yourselves rather than those who employ you? That being said I would hope you work ...
Maybe if states like NY CA and IL were more fiscally responsible and didn't have such high taxes....
Well we have to give so much of our money to the red states who take and take we have to raise the taxes to help our state.
Together as a TEAM rather than individuals at some office firm arguing over who looses their vacation days first?

Real double taxation is a state and fed tax on Long Island the average teacher and cop make over 225 a year they are not middle class
Isn’t this what you call a loophole when it applies to someone else?  Either have a position or don’t but lay off hypocrisy
We need a tax cut to be able to pay for Obama Care
Not being one of the highest taxed states would help just as much, but helping isn't your real fight, is it?  #obstructioniswrong
Coming from the guy who's state taxes everyone to DEATH. The @DNC of NY has decimated WNY and CNY. If you actually cared about the people you would greatly reduce/eliminate all state taxes, or fight to eliminate federal taxes and balance the difference with State taxes. #WakeUpNY

Then states most impacted, should lower or eliminate.
I suggest your NY stop with state taxes so they stop losing businesses to Texas
No 2 tx pln
Tax plan to distroy ACA Medicaid Medicare infrastructures 
Impeach Trump Pen
Vote OUT RYAN McConnell ALL GOP Rep sabotaging ACA
People all over the USA, saying "We didn't want health care premiums tripling. We wanted to keep our Doctor". Situation Ethics
We all know this a work in progress as a1st draft. It would have been great if u thought about this
Don't blame him.
They don't oppose anything that will make them more money.

LIES!!!! Eliminate deductions. Drop tax rate. Simplify so mid class reap same benefits as all rich Democrats. Poor people DONT PAY FED TAX!!
Give the middle class of your state help by lowering taxes there. Oh you can't, gotta hand out the goodies so the idiots will keep voting 4U
Your just afraid your tax bill WILL come due!
Federal government shouldn't have to subsidize your state's or town's out of control taxes. This deduction helps rich more than poor.
Isn't the official Democrat position in favor of double taxation?
It would affect Democrat states and counties most as they are taxed at the highest levels. The chickens have come home to roost for Dems..

No the Grand Dragon of hates is Donald Trump! He was raised by white supremacist
They might as well scrap that.  He is lying again.
Sooner or later we've got to stop paying Republicans the unearned respect of presuming they *ever* mean what they say. They say death tax instead of estate tax. They claim voter suppression efforts are to reduce voter fraud. They'll never play fair or honest!
The truly rich get around the estate taxes, but small businesses and farmers can't. Let's quit punishing people for being successful!!
Two things: 1 almost no small businesses or farms result in ppl leaving >$5MM to their kids. Statistically, zero. 2 If you die, & your kids pay taxes on their inheritance, YOU HAVEN'T BEEN PUNISHED. YOU'RE DEAD. Did that not occur to you?
Update: approximately 80 farms affected by estate tax. And those are agribusinesses, not family farms. And again, owner not "punished", owner dead. Inheritance taxed to help prevent a landed gentry.
Tax 'Reform' should be tabled until Dotard shows his taxes.
Not required
Rose, sweetie....your bio...you're not really trying to imply you get hit on, are you. 
Girl, please.  Everything Dotard touches DIES. 
No not at all that's what true twits for, it blocks them and hou
Yea but they are getting a DOUBLE standard deduction and lower tax rate? So ur saying that cop just wants to PAY MORE taxes? Don think sot
I rather have a the increase personal deductions and simpler taxes.
They begrudge high tax states that actually provide services to their citizens.
But getting close to double deduction at fed level - better than state ded
My out of pocket health costs are high. I will no longer be able to deduct what I spend, increasing my tax burden.
Well maybe if states like NY lowered taxes
Alert : Remember chuck taught all he know s about economics by Tammany Hall political history .  Voted this months weakest inept Democrat
and the TRUTH, is that rich folks like YOU, will have to pay MORE TAXES
Mr Schumer, please don't make any bad deals with DJT. #AmericaFirst
You ought to know! Ur Party started the double/triple taxation!!
RT @realDonaldTrump @SenSchumer The #American People require both their Federal and State itemized Deductions (all) with no exceptions. #USA
There are only a few states without state income tax. Guess which ones (think ten gallon hats and sunshine and snow among them).
It is good to hear your support avoiding double tax for middle class.

And for U.S. Persons Overseas: You would then support RBT
#TaxReform
What about the 9 million diaspora that are double taxed.  Nobody cares about us.
NY TAXS  EVERY THING NOW A USER TAXON UR CAR   CHUCK YOU'RE A  USELESS MAN  JUST TAKING MORE MONEY FROM US
Where are the Republicans going to find the Revenue raisers after they take out these or this huge loan? Is this really a good idea?
What tax bracket are you in? How much $ have you made off us tax payers!? Save the middle class, pass this tax bill!! Stop hurting workers!
Stop being against the middle class @SenSchumer and stop keeping the lower class in poverty! Pass new tax codes and repeal Obamacare!
LIAR
If T1=F1+S and F1>S+F2 then T2=F2+S<T1

Sales tax is also a  double taxation.    If simplification just means getting rid of deductions, let's keep it complicated.
The death tax is double taxation. What's fair for the rich is fair for middle class. Cut you damn state taxes!
You just want me & regular folks to subsidize rich folks living in very expensive homes that pay high property taxes in Democrat states.
Dems. Do something right for a change. Don't let them take away our NYS R.E. Tax deduction.  Only way I can afford my home.
It is positively double taxation. This cannot stand.
Do something chuck. Don't let them take away the NYS real estate deduction. That will kill the RE market, kill market value, kill middle cls
YES !! We in NY need THAT DEDUCTION you know we do!!
I help Seniors w tax Prep
INCREASING btm rate to 12% & eliminating Med & Tax deductions will hurt Seniors despite 12K Stand Ded
#TaxReform
BS. LIAR
Trump doesn't reveal taxes, no tax reforms.
It doesnt double tax in reality
I don't want to lose the deduction for state income tax. Feels like double taxing.
No, it's a way for low or zero tax states like Texas and Alaska (red states) to subsidize high tax states like NY & California (blue states)
U & ur whole pack of dems have been double taxing working citizens forever u have no shame obstructionist hypocrite
.@NancyPelosi-Common sense says to STUDY TRADE-OFF of rate reduction & other w elim state deduction-"DEAL STOPPERS" @ this pt just #Nonsense
.@NancyPelosi -COME ON Dems - it's TOO EARLY for "DEAL-STOPPERS" IF you're really serious abt bipart tax reform! EG. No farmer death tax?...
Ded of state tax means Fed subsidizes states. Pay your own way! Elim of state tax ded offset by higher standard ded, mid class unaffected!
Anyone who listens to schumer does not want to keep more of their own money.  Schumer trying hard to get your $$$
VOTE SCHUMER OUT MAKE NEW YORK GREAT AGAIN DEMOCRATS DESTROY JOBS THEY WORK FOR SPECIAL INTEREST
Define middle class. The income level for middle class is what. Do you need kids write offs etc.
You are the king of double taxation
Who cares what you thought Chuckles!
Hey chuckie I hear you've given orders to rest of Senators to oppose anything and everything Republicans call for! U BETTER STOP
How do you give tax cuts to people who don't pay taxes? FYI that's 47% of the population

So full of crap!  You know what would balance the budget? A tax on the words coming from Congress.  We would all Win!
That's insane. Why should taxpayers from other States subsidize NY overspending and overtaxing? #IStandWithTrump to #MAGA
#TaxReform
I'm not from NY and I like getting state, local and property tax deduction s well.
Why should someone else subsidize what your local municipalities charge you? Totally not fair.
Someone else? It's a tax deduction that you get when you itemize, which I do. Everyone gets the deduction. We won't w Trump tax plan.
Yes, why should a person who lives in a State w/out all those taxes not get a similar benefit? They r fiscally sound while your State is not
Because that means you don't pay as much state income tax in the first place. The amount of your state income tax deduction is based on...
what you paid in the first place.
Are you also saying that people who make more money (and therefore pay more state income taxes) shouldn't get a full deduction?
Socialism is real folks
What a hypocrite! You know the state deduction primarily benefits your rich donors and is peanuts to the middle class - double standard.
We all bleed for the greater good.
Big corporation like 
Google
McDonald's 
Facebook
Apple etc
Should be paying 50% of taxes .
Why Facebook owner has to be ultra rich ?.
Small business are the ones moving the economy .
We should not be tax it.
We ALL need TAX reform!!!! Those COPS should mame mkre than you anyway.  Stop voting along party lines. You are KILLING us!!!
Chuck, Based on your logic we have been double taxed for a long time since state taxes are a deduction, not a tax credit.
DT flat out lied today about having the votes 2 pass GC deathcare. So how the hell can we believe him on tax. Chuck& Nancy,go get him.
What about the payroll tax?
Irrelevant since they increased standard deduction. Maybe your sheep r 2 dumb 2 understand taxes but we aren't. This is good deal 4 middle c
look what iraq army is doing against the usa and israel flags
Fack Iraqi army
Mr. Schumer your an idiot a Famous President said Ask not what your country can do for you.Askwhat you can do for your country.
Pass Through Tax @25% = no 35% tax lvl + No Death Tax or AMT 
TRILLIONS in Deficit Growth
TAX PLAN UNACCEPTABLE
#GiftFor1%
They need this, otherwise they can’t afford to repeal carried interest tax and reduce C rates to 20% #resist the #dotard
The GOP has given up on doing anything that helps the average person. It is just servicing the ultra rich at this point.
That's what trump wants
Nice. Genius! Great way to ignore the point.
Nah I didn't. He knew and it's politics you just don't see it.
All a political game genius
Isn't ironic that you care for illegal immigrants, yet your caught on tape denouncing them. Must be a politic thing where your just a liar
And most likely both of those police officers couldn't complete their own 1040 form, just like you can't complete a supply and demand curve.
UNDER CHUCK SCHUMER AND OBAMA,  THE POVERTY LEVELS INCREASED DRASTICALLY CRUSHING THE MIDDLE CLASS  #NoPlan #TaxReform
The same with public infrastructure projects that create jobs. Is it because.Trump and Wall St don't sell things so would miss out on the $
Democrats don't want our President or the American people to succeed
Trump and GOP don't really want businesses that sell thjngs in the US. If he did then putting it to the hands of middle class to spend ../2
If Republicans are so big on giving money to states instead of feds (healthcare argument) this is super backwards!
Not that I’d ever accuse Republicans of being consistent.
Why is this so complicated. Why is the state deductions for fed tax. Proof fed gov to big. Cut the fed dep ed. That's double taxation.
Tax reform opens with a critical point of failure - the wrong primary target. Success requires Greatest benefit go to the middle class.
Get rid of state tax deduction
Pretty sure the only people arguing for this are from low/no income tax states.
Don't worry...it also increases the lower tax rate..means higher taxes.
Why should anybody be able to deduct their state income tax from their federal income tax what the heck are you guys doing there?
It has been deductible - IF you itemize.
What you're not paying in state and local taxes, federal taxes will take more out your check because u fall under a different bracket
It is not our fault that State’s under democrat control have placed exorbitantly high taxes on their citizens.  It is your fault so, Fix It!
We pay for our own - red states are takers and blue states are sick of supporting you deadbeats
Feds subsidize blue state income taxes. Blue states would be under pressure to tax/spend less as residents would b obligated 2 pay full bill
Chuck, you gotta use some New York language so folks can understand. GOP wants to pick your pocket and give it to their fat car buddies.
You don't pay much into city or state taxes so he is making it seem like you will save a lot.
That would really depend on the state you live in, since states tax at different rates. Most in my state pay ZERO in state income tax.
Thata crazy because I pay state taxes and get a refund here in Missouri. When I lived in Michigan I played state taxes.
tHumper is suggesting double taxation.
Nv
I don't want to lose my state deduction either. I get more back from the state than I do from the federal. City taxes I only pay 45 bucks
Come On Chuck,,, you ought to know by now that the only thing the @GOP cares about is their own Wallets. #RetiretheGOP18
He cares for his wallet
Well chuck if ur so worried why not get taxes in your own state LOWERED? Kinda hypocritical backing King Cuomos high taxes on middle class
The @GOP only serves to enrich the wealthy through persistent war and push the nation toward Theocracy.
Today medication. $45 up from $30 in one month. This gets changed or D.C. gets changed.
Key words...."I Thought"!!!  His famous last words folks.........run and never believe a word out of his mouth! REALLY!.....
Reagan double taxed Soc. Sec. recipients in 1986. Double taxation has been a-ok since.
If the standard deduction goes to $24,000, the lower income will be better served - instead of just talking, pay attention Senator
True, but no Death Tax or AMT and 25% pass through means top tax break is really 25% or less.
This reminds me of what Reagan pulled in the 1980.Every cut was paid for by the middle class. The same thing will happen again. Stop the BS
They wouldn't need that deduction if certain states didn't tax the hell out of them in the first place. We need to be competitive!!!
Deport Chuck ! We are collecting donations for ( let's get chuck the fuck out of here fund ) please hurry so we can ship him out. Lol ! SYWO
Just buy a second home in FL and make it your primary - just like all the middle class.
If Schumer was honest, which he isn't, the deductibility of state and local taxes is cover for NY to raise tax rates w/o push back from rich
How do you figure? Sounds like something you just made up just now.

I agree.
Losing all deduction even mortgage deduction.
Good there should be zero deductions for anyone
The state deduction does not help the bottom 50%. They pay no taxes. These deductions are only for the rich! http://Opensecrets.com 
And the Capitol police have read the plan? Doubt it. First, they should be doing their jobs. Second it's fake news. You are a DEMagogue
thanks sir please keep supporting kurdistan we will never forget ur stance towards us
Save it chuckles. ..is there any tax that doesn't give a liberal a hard on?
No more death taxes for you chuckie. You didn't build dat
You all lie
Ya had me until you mentioned middle class. Exactly who falls into the middle class? From what $$ to $$ EXACTLY!!!!!!
Never suppose anything abt  GOP & what they do or don't want. Only work 4 MEGA donors, so Koch Bros & friends have 2 tell them what 2 want!
ALT-LEFT WACKO
That game is about to change head clown !!! PEOPLE in New York will see how much you fucking steal from their pay checks !!!
He is..he finally had enough last November
You know the answer! Answer! Fact: #UN high level officials take bribes. This is not the first time it happened!
No state deductions help you liberals in blue states tax the shit out of the working class without getting noticed!!!!
