GOP tax plan actually raises taxes on millions of middle-class families by repealing the state and local tax deduction, a real Trump Tax.
@POTUS @JEFFSESSIONS @STEPHENMILLERAL @4US_WORKERS AMERS R TRAINING THEIR H1B RPLMTS & YOUR CONCERN IS A TAX DEDUCTION... BEYOND SICK!!
WHAT KIND OF GOV'T MARCHES IN FOREIGNERS & NEVER MAKES A STMT AS THEIR CITIZENS TRAIN THE FOREIGNERS THEIR JOBS/LIVELIHOODS.
THERE'S A SPECIAL PLACE IN HELL FOR EVERYONE IN CONGRESS TAKING MONEY IN EXCHANGE FOR AMERICANS TRAINING THEIR FOREIGN REPLACEMENTS!!
TO ALL IN CONGRESS WHO SAT BACK & WATCHED AMERICANS TRAIN THEIR FOREIGN H1B RPLMTS & NEVER SAID A WORD -> KARMA'S A BITCH ~ ...
TO CONGRESS: 'YOU'RE FIRED' - U WATCHED HUNDREDS OF THOUS AMERS TRAIN GOV'T ISSUED FOREIGN RPLMTS & U NEVER MADE A STATEMENT - FIRED!!!
You kidding? Dems have foiled numerous horrible GOP plots against ordinary people since Jan. 20th.
I've seen the ACLU and other legal organizations at work.  Nada from @SenateDems.  And what happens when courts fall to GOP?
Thanks!
Deduction only matters if you itemize and standard deduction doubles. Senator spreads fake news.  #middlefinger
We pay 10.1% on what we buy in WA State... This deduction has to stand as well as our property tax & interest payments on mortgages
10.1% WHAT THE F! You should talk to your state's legislatures, not the federal government if you demand tax relief. OMG that's way too much
It's in the giveaways. Liberial State.
You don't care about protecting! One of your illegal aliens offered up Napa Valley as a burnt offering.
The Corrupt Politics Must be Prosecuted
As of right now I can't wait till election season you're out of here Chucky
Yes, Obamacare already is a HUGE middleclass tax!
Chuck, save ACA!
If States became fiscally responsible and eliminated their State Income Taxes, the "deduction" would disappear.  Democratic Waste.
Take note, dems are going to be voted out! All you do is spread hare, shame on all dems!
stop lying Chuck.  your fascist nazi agenda will not be tolerated in the USA.
When you start actually doing some work and stop obstructing then we might actually care what you have to say.
If the deduction is so necessary, why do you not think taxes are too high?  Move from states with higher taxes. #makeemearnit
It is a tax break aimed at Democrats in Democratic States that waste so much they have to have their own income tax.  Special Interest!
You are lying again just as you did on health care! Why should middle class pay for poorly run high tax states, like yours.we subsidize you
Thank you! Please save home interest, charity,& education deductions too.
Why not adjust your W2 so the right amt of taxes are taken and you won’t need the deductions? Bet you didn’t think of that one did ya!
Chuck shut up
Can't believe ur propaganda. No trust left.
Mr schumer just saw the movie Megan Leavey.  I do not agree with your policy's but I must say THANK YOU FOR HELPING TWO OF OUR HERO'S
Here's a thought, stop charging such EXORBITANT taxes on everything in ur state & that will save the 3.2 million+ families alot more money!
Lower taxes in NT. Florida is tired of paying for u.
Screw New York and California.
Do as I say not as I do, right Chucky? https://i.imgur.com/ZTY2SrI.jpg 
Lie. What he's not telling you is that your tax rate goes down to cover this, a simplified tax reform that no one gets to take advantage of
http://preview.tinyurl.com/ycvh4wey 
Shut up Chuckie you don’t know what you’re talking about.
Lies
Hey there, UpChuck, democrats lie, it’s what you do. We the People, are awake. Shut the UpChuck up!
I am so tired of you and your whining!

COME ON CHUCK, YOU KNOW NEW YORK IS ONE OF THE TOP RECEIPIENTS OF THIS. STOP BEING A WHINER AND DO YOUR J.O.B.
What liars you are and we know it.
Blah blah blah blah Wrong again. That is game you always play. Middle class gets a tax cut.
It sucks Chuckie and I am from NY. Our state, local and real estate taxes are out of control. Do something about our State taxes!
What planet do you live on? Tax cuts are good and if you think it’s only “the rich” as you claim they are the job creators !!!
If you're saying it's bad then I know it will be great.
Mr Schumer. You and most Dems are losing respect from all of America. All the underlying bribes, collusion, harassment donators, terrible .
You guys better get your act together!!!!
thank God something is finally being done after 8 years of the do nothing Obama admin. Mr. Swampman
Because new yorkers pay more taxes for the government to waste. it's high taxed states putting the burden on the middle class
Those states need to reign in their onerous State & Local taxes too much is spent on unnecessary projects that don’t benefit the taxpayers.
Stop lying to the people we are on 2 the Democratic Party . Your party wants to make America poor again. We the people want *MAGA* not MAPA•
Keep Obstructing Chuck!
75% of the counties he is supposed to rep voted for @POTUS and his agenda. why is he disenfranchising his constituents?
Do you know where I can get some uranium
Sucks. Plus I understand that a single parent can no longer claim a head of household ??? If so, That’s very punishing.
I think chuck is upset because it's an deduction he won't be able to use anymore
Tell governor cuomo to lower the state tax than
Only the poorly managed wasteful high tax blue states will be affected negatively Now those who live there will notice their high taxes
Finally Russian connection found. Presidential administration guilty of high treason. Uranium one scandal will prove your fears of crime.
So what happened?
Oh Keep Quiet Liar!!!
The rich get richer the poor will stay poor!! This president is a selfish pig 
Mnuchin dishonestly says rest of states shouldn’t “subsidize” NY & CA. Even w/these deductions, how many more $$ do taxpayers of these states give to Fed govt than they get back?
No Chuck. Your beloved governor Andrew Cuomo has already overtaxed and abused honest taxpayers. Can't blame that on mg POTUS
When will NY'ers wake up and vote you out?  I left NY when you got elected the first time. You, Fredrika and Nancy are useless...
???  Why should states that are fiscally sound pay for states that are not?  You wanted the richest to pay more, with this, they will.
U want to see a real DEPLORABLE HERE SHE IS @RepWilson
Then eliminated the estate tax from those poor millionaires.
You must unite Dems & Rep and get this insane senile madman(45)out
Still a sore loser Tammy? You say unite but then show your hate. Maybe a little hypocritical.
Trump & the GOP work for the uber rich & we're supposed to be ok with that
Yes because its racist, millions will be impacted, and babies will die.
This plan is specifically designed to punish the blue states.
Mr Wild, you would be better of saying the states that are run with poor fiscal policy, not blue. Oh I'm sorry, they're the same!
Get your bags packed Trump is going to blow the roof off Washington when he exposes all the corruption that's been going on for years
We need to speak out against and leave the Senate Democrats leadership...you are a wake democrat
DJT keep talking about the insurance company stock price, is why he will not pay the companies
Please don't let the junk health care plans be brought back to the people, fix the ACS or go to single payer plans
Yeah, because blue states rape us with excessive taxes and creeps like u get a $58,000 Deduction that everybody else pays for! God forbid
God forbid the libtards ever cut taxes...they would seize up...can only think how to raise taxes
Hey knuckle head Chuck American is see below..
You can’t stop the idiots. Every chance they have to destroy All but the 0.5 %
Do you have any idea how sick Americans are of hearing outrageous lies from you, Pelosi & other Dems?  Try being HONEST for a change!
Take note tell your state to tax less and wisely spend the money taken from hard working Americans
Tell the taker States to only take from the Fed what it contributes.
Then all the Democrats would starve, have no health care or free housing Seems cruel.
Lyin' Cryin' Chuck at it again. Don't fall for his lies. #fakenews
State and local taxes are not supposed to be free! People receive services, police, fire, emt. Why is that wrong? What is wrong with you?
Americans need the Medical Deduction & Home Office Deduction as well. I'm Disabled & work from home and have more than $30K med costs per yr
Crying Chuck is at it again.
Is that all you can do is name call. Make a point.
Please Retire obstructionist!!
Chuckie your growing down
GOP wants middle class to be crushed, and the working poor to die... fight for us @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand
So who’s lying chuckles? Your nose appears to be getting longer.
You are full of it
That’s why Trump diverted the attention to the military widows. He knows what he’s doing
Chuck retire now
No it doesn’t. Check it out before you “accidentally tell another lie” lol
It’s just one of three deductions we still have. Leave us alone!!!!!!
Schumer has protected crooked Hillary and now remains quite about one of his comrades that pimps our dead service men to get back at Trump
Senator, where is your emotional defense of O'Care and democratic principle? You are now in charge - be like ML King! Lead and save us!
Must be one of your deductions cause we all know that’s who you really care about.
Any Senator can stand up and be untruthful on the Senate floor and not be sued... Chuck takes full advantage of this provision... more lies.
Why do democrats always want to raise taxes, there was never a raise in taxes they did not like?
Schumer wants to keep his constituents in chains, doesn't want his base to get ahead, will lose his base.
Hey Chuckie, how about reducing NYS local & income taxes.  You conveniently ignore the root of this problem....not surprising. #SuckingUsDry
.@SenSchumer hey Chuck, it only impacts people who 1)) itemize and 2) live in over taxed Dim states.  Tough luck for them.  Not my problem!
As a New Yorker, I only regret that I have but one tax deduction to lose to lower Trumps's taxes. MAGA stands for Make America Gilded Again.
BS! Why should people in lo tax states subsidize hi tax states. Don’t like your hi taxes? Move!
That is not an option. Please present another solution. I ask you this sincerely. I want solutions. Non partisan.
Keep in mind. This deduction only applies to you if you itemize or own a home.
More scare tactics from liberal Chuck Schumer
That is terrible! Those are deductions we always depend on because we know we will have them. It seems very unfair to eliminate them!
Chuck is all about the State and Local cause it helped him avoid $60K on his personal taxes. Notice Schumer never ever gives proof,... ever
Thank you @SenSchumer
After democrats destroyed the middleclass for 8 years under obama now they say they are here to help?
high local taxes result in people in other states subsidizing them. Why should we pay more in federal taxes so there can spend more locally
Time for Schumer to retire
Apparently Schumer & Dems don't care about the #1 importance on med deductions to seniors & retirees
Where's the Happy #Diwali wishes?!
Does this mean trouble for you... this is BIG
Keep fighting for us
I pay over $10K is state and local taxes, mostly property tax.
But for the eight years Obama and you damn is had power you did nothing for the middle class except Take from us
Wouldn't it be better to give lower rates for everyone vs giving a bigger deduction to rich people in NY & CA?
You mean the deduction that helps the RIch more than any other class? Thought you were a "defender of the poor" #hypocrisy
Stop Chuck. We want our tax cuts.
I guess they have the majority? Don't people see that they are doing this too make it look like they are doing something! Sad!
STOP LYING TO THE PEOPLE!!  How many millions will get a break by doubling the standard deduction?!?!!
Goes up to 24k, do they or do they not save money?!
Folks. Most Americans who itemize, except for the rich, typically show 14k-19k deductions including state tax. If the standard deduction
You don't have the votes.....
Your party only knows how to bankrupt a country and kill babies. I’m sure that’ll go along way in 2018 and 2020. #abortionismurder
You sheep!!!  Read the damn plan. Chuck, u lying fool, why won’t you tell people that the standard deduction WILL DOUBLE!!
I hope they are voting you out. We need bi-partisan leaders, not cry - partisan losers. Politicians with brains who know how to budget!
DEMO-rats are the only ones who attack,your party chuckie
chuckie look at history of DEMO-rats
Thank you from us New Yorkers
GOP Trumptax is as amoral and Un-American as GOP trumpcare & withholding of CRS payments.
It will hurt high taxed states. All blue all democrat and you’re scared people will rebel. And they will. Be afraid Chucky
Have to keep SALt deduction and property tax deduction or NY mid class gets nothing and rich get benefit. Plan good for Trump family not us
Tax plan bad for mid cl we lose SALT deduction, property tax deduction, our taxes in NY will go up.  3%cut a joke compared to 19%for Corp.

Actually this is a double tax on death.
Trump tax plan is also inflationary since states are forced to raise property taxes against federal shortfalls. Vote Trump for higher rent?
Seriously Chris, you should run office with that kind of comment. Taxes in this country are a run away train. Control spending first.
You lie
Of course Dems will try to take credit for that
It ain’t like that Crybaby. Socialist Democrats have done nothing but obstruction. Remember “Resist”?  WE do.
Don't let the GOP run up the deficit for tax cuts! Fight their budget! Infrastructure YES wealthy tax cuts NO!
Where were you when Obama raised the debt by 10 trillion? As much as all presidents before him. Get a grip Josh.
Stop Trump GOP Tax Plan

Impeach corrupt profeteering Trump Pence
Maybe NY CA CHI may need to try and lowering taxes
Big mistake.
Please kill this.
Suck it up Chuck!!! Somebodys has to clean up this horrible debt you have gotten us in to. I bet everyone of your credit cards are maxed out
@washdems @oregondemocrats  state and sales tax deductions are important to middle class families!
Its Tax reform which means those things aren't going to be important. The overall taxes will be lower.
That is utter nonsense. Have you ever prepared taxes?
Yes it costs me about $100 just to file, Are you all right paying the gov more $ so they can run your life
Someone needs to bring up Schummy’s past sins.
Can't believe any thing you say...you put your party ahead of Country.
You are such a liar!! Get on board or get out!!
Dude, when is the last time you did anything that actually benefits the little people? #panderer
Russia  Russia!!!
I think you're confused. Are you looking for @realDonaldTrump ?
Simplify it! Rid these “benefits” which only affect / Help high state taxes (NY) and make across the board   Changes. You’re a fool to not!
Chuckie - You’re on record FOR TAX REFORM! So ... be part of the solution, or remain THE POLITICAL PROBLEM? Our Tax Code SUCKS & is UNFAIR!
Chuck, America knows the only ones who want to raise taxes are DEMOCRATS!! Trump is working hard for the American middle class unlike you.
If I have to explain, never mind, not worth it.
Quit being a hypocrite Chuck. Don't give one iota what hypocritical Dems vote. Do something good and retire Chuck.
you just hate for Americans to get to keep more of our money the Democrats has always did think our money is their money your a sick bunch
Are Republicans trying to create a 2 class system?  The have and have bots? Tax blueprint looks like it. #Resist
Let's see you resist your tax cuts
Of course the middle class gets screwed @SenateGOP has no balls, they're just weak little puppies waiting on a treat
Since when are Dems angry when taxes go up?
Have you read it this time?
You usually reject the new drafts immediately after their release w/o reading. 
Amazing feat of remote viewing.
Thank you.
A flat tax deletes all tax deductions. The net effect on middle class tax payers is a reduction. That’s what matters. Why is Chuck so stupid
Thank you Sen. Schumer! Repubs only protect their rich friends, especially the Koch Bros & the Mercers. Do we want them controlling the USA?
Republican Reps in NY, CT, NJ, CA, MA and other states will lose their seats if they vote yes on this. Do they understand that?
Mine know it.
A nice and neat list of who votes for this shit would be much appreciated.
Dear @CNN , @SenSchumer seems to know what he is taking about. ..now let's see him debate the facts with Ted C. #CNNDebateNight  ROUND 2!
BS same old rhetoric by democrats/ 8yrs democrats did zip but corrupt, lie obstruction of justice!
1/2  States like Ca & NY rake in highest local taxes, yet Gov is broke. High local taxes detract from Fed taxes.  Allows, these over priced,
What Chuck won't tell you is that the number of families paying no federal income taxes increases substantially under the Trump plan
It does so by raising the amount that can be earned before you are required to pay federal income taxes. Don't believe me? Read it yourself
Yes BUT my accountant told me that I won’t fall in the sweet spot, so my taxes will go up.
Please don't take it personally, but if you have an accountant you can probably afford an increase. 78% of families live paycheck 2 paycheck
Data from CNBC statistics
That's merely one of the questions Cruz dodged without answering at the debate.
Fight like hell! All they're going to do is hurt us, benefit the rich and line their own pockets!
Guess you like the Shumer Koolaid. How is your math? The middle class is a winner on this tax reform.
Here's an idea and please share with your friend @SenateMajLdr, just go to a consumption tax, you spend $ you pay a tax. SIMPLE
Absolutely! The deductions that are being taken away do not offset the increase in the standard deduction.
This tax deduction helps the rich.
