2/ Tough talk on lobbying, but the admin's issuing secret wavers for lobbyists to work on issues they'd prev lobbied https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/15/us/politics/trump-appointees-potential-conflicts.html …
3/ Trump’s lobbying executive order actually weakened Obama’s lobbying rules:
4/ By loosening the rules, Trump was able to hire this guy for a top job at the Labor Department. http://propub.li/2qk5UNQ 
5/ At least 36 registered lobbyists have been hired to work for the Trump administration
6/ In the press release, Trump brags about this ethics pledge — too bad not everyone has to sign it!
7/ This transition employee didn’t sign the pledge - and he’s already lobbying for corporations!
8/ Former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn left without signing the pledge.
9/ A former HUD employee didn’t sign it, either. He and Flynn could get into the lobbying game whenever they like.
ex-HUD official Shermichael Singleton told me he *also* didn't sign "mandatory" Trump ethics pledge. That makes at least 3. @bykowicz https://twitter.com/mateagold/status/847176011078930433 …
10/ WH promised to release financial disclosures for 180 staffers but didn’t name em.We had to guess—like Battleship
11/ We have 114 names so far. Disclosure requests for others are pending. Here’s a drive of what we have so far: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0BwDYM_Qm5fLWVXgzMVZMLVA0Ync …
12/ Trump promised to “drain the swamp” and “restore accountability,” but it doesn’t seem like he’s making good.
13/ Trump released his tax plan, but hasn’t released his tax returns so we can’t see how it applies to him.
14/14 Maybe he should run his next “accountability” press release past us? Over and out.
Donated 1/4 salary to Nat Parks while screwing them out of millions in funds? Not an accomplishment
Still waiting on the proof that he donated his check to them. Have you seen anything?
Nope not at all... so even that may not be true at this point.
I'm skeptical to say the least lol
Agreed and we'll probably never know because he won't release his taxes.
@Fahrenthold Confirmed with Interior Dept that Trump did in fact send them check and they deposited. No confirm of available funds though.
Thank you!
President Donald J Trump wouldn't know a "moral duty" if it grabbed him by the...
Well done.
I began laughing after the header ... what a bunch of BS.
Trump's only good at 2 things: branding, and lying about money
There is NO WAY the words in that quote came out of that man's mouth.
Accountability? WTF alternate universe is he in? No tax returns, secret WH visitor log,  secret meetings with Russians ...
What a shock.  You have a problem with Trump showing up the Democrats and your Obama.
That pub was a mistake. The doc in question was from the @BarackObama admin.
This is absurdity bordering on satire. This administration must truly believe the American public are simpletons. 
people still support him knowing he's screwing the USA over so it appears there is simpletons around and quite a lot of them
I don't need Donald "Everything is Someone Else's Fault" Trump to tell me about accountability.
This is the best quote I've heard in weeks!
And be sure to get his new book - How I Destroyed American Democracy in 100 Days!
Puke
Seriously,the ONLY thing tRump could do at this point for my approval is find a "forgiving" way to resign... health, maybe??? He's DISASTER!
Absolute Orwell. Disaster is good. Lies are true. Failure is success. Petty vindictiveness is justice for all. #AuthoritarianWatch
Suprise, you'd have a problem, lol.  Guess you've forgotten Obama's 1st 100 days & how it workout.
@SenSchumer @WhiteHouse anything that comes out of this administration is a Fairytale-Grimm Fairytale
Hahahahaha President Trump implemented tough ethical standards to ensure his Administration works for the American people and not itself.
I know they must have been crying with laughter when they wrote this ..the only thing they missed out was the word SUCKERS at the end

There ought to be a fine for improper meme deployment.

Juat racking up the fines, huh.
I had 2 stop. It's so full of garbage it actually made me gag. Yes, his cult will eat it up, but people actually paying attn know better.
And democraps have accomplished jack SHTZ.
Fake news @SenSchumer, about as fake as your are hahaha. 
No, your moral duty to the taxpayer is to make our Government representative of everyone and to follow the Constitution.
It amazes me how fast he has grown the swamp. It must be 100 times bigger by now
But we won't release the documents on Mr. Flynn because, because....(Spicy, get in here....!)
#alternativeFacts #IlligitimatePOTUS #Treason
U have a problem with everything conservative surprise surprise
lol wat?
If only they did actual policy as well as smoke-and-mirrors spin
trump's the least accountable president since Nixon! Why not release tax return? Why not share record of who visits White House?
This is not just corruption...this is a seizure of America
I havent even read this.

We have a "few" problems with it.
1/ The @WhiteHouse just sent this out, touting “100 Days of Accountability.” We have a few problems with it. https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/04/27/president-trumps-100-days-accountability … 
Funny this is the only moral duty they mention. All the other moral imperatives have been ignored
For too long the Washington swamp worked to serve itself, but President Trump is reforming the Government to serve the American people. Lol
This should have been dated April 1.
@SenSchumer @WhiteHouse come on can't you grown adults get something done except complain he did this no he didn't do that
@SenSchumer @ProPublica @WhiteHouse you always do stop obstruction
Chuck you have a problem with anything that doesn't say give, entitle, free, deserve, owe,
If you notice most "accomplishments" are reversals on what Obama Accomplished!!!  Why would that bring him glory. Do some original
I find the term 'sober' in this document insulting and offensive to all sober people.
Is that a joke?
hey @realDonaldTrump, suggestion to demonstrate accountability: #ReleaseYourTaxes
. @ProPublica once again examining emperor's wardrobe. Proud to make a monthly (if small!) donation to their important work.
Only a FEW??
"Tough ethical standards to ensure his Administration works for the American people and not itself"-Ivanka's Chinese (™) screams LIAR!
"Moral duty"?  He has no morals.
I could replace the cow manure in my garden with that document.
More like 100 days of subterfuge, lies and cover-up.
#100Days Saving 700M w/F-35-Spent $900M to see what that button does - and #LiningDJTPockets with Defense Contractors #ConflictofInterest
#100Days-LISTENING Tour-defined by doing nothing but collected the government check. SecHUDCarson  #SlimestSwamp
#100DAys-A blueprint is a detailed outline or plan of action-Pls put a dictionary in the Oval.-Sry it's a book-Forget it #KnowledgeNeeded
I'm gone let the twitter community let agent Orange & his fallacy have it!!!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump #Trumprussia #TRUMP #trump100 #Trumpcare #TrumpLies
We need to see those taxes.  If he is an honest person, he shouldn't mind's. #Trumprussia?????
Required executive branch agencies to eliminate 2 regulations for every 1 they issue.-WTH Any random 2 or only the ones that save the EARTH!
Is this a joke?
Chuck Schumer needs to step down
@SenSchumer @WhiteHouse patting himself again.  Oh wait he gave himself an A for 1st 100 days. #Trumprussia
He is continuing his walk on Fantasy Lane. He has no concept of reality.
Realize context of the positioning tweet, but giving credence to the POTUS PR hooey is a "pink elephant" no-no @GeorgeLakoff #neuroscience
As usual, in any statement coming from the WH, it is complete with half-truths and outright LIES. Maybe send it to Putin.
Build that wall! Drain the swamp! Reform Immigration!


The mighty pervert speaks and he thinks we forgot about his pornographic writing history what a fool what a perverse Man who thinks of this 
This is a tremendous thread highlighting the deceptions of Trumps regime.
It's a sad indictment that the UK is headed down the same path. Utter lies fed repeatedly with the hope the ill informed will buy them.
Someone missed the say the covered 'outlining'

Never forget the blood sweat and tears sacrificed for our freedom of speech and my fellow patriots never forget free speech works both ways 

Poor little snowflake you haven't seen anything yet our president Donald Trump will have a minimum three nominees on the Supreme Court ha ha 

Schumer sleeps at night while the rest of Americans try to figure out how to pay the rent food basic needs we go hungry while they grow fat 
What a crock of shit... But then again, what does anyone expect from a self-serving, rich-appeasing POS?! #impeachtrump



"Moral duty" LOL The ridiculous lies
@WhiteHouse putting out a new definition of "accountability" and @ProPublica sets them straight.
Bwahahahahaha!!!!!!!!
I'm not convinced @POTUS knows what "moral duty" means.
Those and many other words...
Trump Tower Yellowstone coming soon. Hundreds of jobs (for foreign workers on waivers), lots of taxes (unless a $100mil loss). Winning bigly
So does that mean he is going on a diet and stop going on holiday?
I do not think the word 'accountability ' means what the WH thinks it does
Deargod
Every time they use the word Trump in this release...take a drink. Enjoy!
Calls for accountability from this @POTUS who won't release taxes, Flynn docs, visitor logs, or divest from business
@stephenlautens 
.@WhiteHouse Shouldn't that be "deniability?"
Trump depends on his base not to care about these pesky little details.
And they definitely don't. And I'm not optimistic that they will EVER mind, until (perhaps) their sons get killed in a nuclear war.
Though, it won't be only their children. We'll be lucky if we make it out alive from a nuclear war.
Complete and total fiction, like everything else that comes out of this admin. The swamp has completely engulfed our government with him.
HA
