This president is unbelievable this has to stop please Sen the American people need people fighting for us in Congress please take this
Fighting is obstructing everything? I mean when they are gonna block a FBI director that hasn't even been chosen. Come on #termlimits.
Atleast the dems arn't giving our extremely sensitive classified information to the Russian, everyone except fox reporting this
Who can reclassify anything? As Obama once did? Hint: The president.
Yes you are correct the pres can but not when it's another countries intelligence they shared with us with/o getting their authorization
Yes.  He can is it wise maybe not but can he do it.. absolutely. And if Israel doesn't care why does Schumer?
I just called 7 Planned Parenthoods none offered prenatal care or mammograms. Pick up the phone and find out for yourself sheeple.
Chuck Schumer to old for job to mean GRUMPY OLD MAN SHRIVEL UP FART
Schumer U R a divider U need to GO
abortions = depression,  alienation from God . you wouldnt want your daughter to have one would you ?
As a woman, I consider it a win! Our money should not have to pay for abortions. You sir, are irrelevant & should resign!
Amazing how in beginning it was Dems that supported abortions to rid country of blacks,still doing same thing plus getting rich from it.
You don't even know what you're talking about. Funds for health have not been cut. 4 abortions - yes. I'm not supporting  abortions
Why don't you and all your celebrity and banking pals pick up the gap. The 53% of Americans who still pay taxes are thinking about the defi
Trump is a mental midget!
schumer.  a good reason for term limits.  you have been on the gov gravy train too long.
Really? If you're so smart, why don't you run against him next election.
Anyway, we should stop worrying about Schumer and start figuring how to get Trump out.    PLEASE
Find a crime and that might happen so far there is nothing there good luck our president is not going anywhere let's find the leaks
Could be wrong (yup, I can) but I think competency, ability to actually do the job is also part of the test.
Nixon didn't actually commit the break-in but those who did, did so for Nixon. It's a fine line & Justice & Congress likely to be involved.
You are kidding right just a joke lmao funny Nixon did commit crimes check it out oh lord
Why don't you check it out cheryl.
Or these funds for terminating life or were they for true health care
Nope your wrong again. No one listens to you crap.anymore
Abortion is not reproductive health; it's reproductive destruction.
Trump should have had a vasectomy; idiots should not be allowed to reproduce.
U mean selling & profiting from abortions & selling baby body parts? What a business! U love this!
@SenSchumer
Sorry, Senator, Planned Parenthood does NOT provide women's healthcare, it provides ABORTIONS! Unfunded clinics provide women's healthcare.
Boo Hoo
They cut funding for abortions.
Good! Your probably pissed because your not getting you cut out of fund. Criminal #draintheswamp to #MAGA and balance to budget.
And you can tell me why my tax dollars are being spent around the world on other's reproductive issues.
What adds insult to injury is that you people were supposed to win. What happened?
Chucky ! The funds R cut so no abortions R paid using MY tax $ ! I'm pro choice but not for gov't payin for illegals, welfare cheats, etc.

Majority of funding provides for the death of babies. Everyone knows this and majority of America does not support funding killing. 
Men spend a lot of money to date it.. Marry it.. Divorce it.. Now we have to pay to clean it?
Bull
You should cry Charles
Killing babies.. Do you like crushing their little skulls. would U like to do it.
He needs to go before he kills us all before he thinks something is ok when it's not
@SenSchumer we stand behind U
Killing babies = "reproductive health"?  Even George Orwell couldn't have come up with doublespeak so sick and depraved.
Why are we paying for the world's "healthcare"?
Why don't you get behind our President Chuckie, instead of talking out if your behind!!!
Distorted, funds for abortion
Perhaps they shouldn't reproduce if they're going to PP in the first place! Condoms are cheaper....

It's a SMART thing to do!!!! I don't want my tax dollars to fund abortions!  Didn't know USA pay for abortions around the world.
Wrong, reproductive health is disingenuous Or a LIE Chuck, it cut funding for abortions
As we should!  You want the job?  Run!  Until then shut the hell up!
Killing babies has very little to do with health.
It's about time you retire you're only a Leech on the system
Good it's about time somebody did
cutting back for women's health, overfunded for years billions go to Planned Parenthood send billions to help feed the needy
By the way, I think "reproductive health" is just a code word for abortion.
@realDonaldTrump remains the biggest #hypocrite @GOP are a close second along with @VP who tries to seem as if he's not privy to everything
Stop calling abortion "reproductive health" you moron.
It's called putting America First - Asshole - screw the rest of the world and those baby killers
Is this one of those cases where you don't call a spade a spade, like reproductive health = abortion?
Chuckle.  Don't worry.  Your to old.
Talking heads say that Trump is inexperienced. This is not a learning curve issue. This is an insanity issue.
Such a liar, bet U never read any of the health care proposals. Stupidity is your virtue!
Stop the lies! Pretend you are a leader.
Reproductive health? Are you referring to murdering babies thru abortion?
Yeah, my tax dollars should be spent around the world.  Why?
It's un-American 4 what Pres Trump is doing. Pres Trump wanted world to see his beautiful skinny wife, yet abandoned woman's health at world

America first moron! Let the Muslims contribute
Wait, we are paying for abortions outside America?
The world should have voted for him then...oh wait. #POTUS
Disgrace!
how sad to lose votes from other countries citizens...come on Chuckie, worry about USA!
Chuck u sound like a whiney little baby start acting ur age not ur shoe size. Do something productive for the pay we Americans pay u
impeach
What's wrong Chuck? Can't spell abortion. Nice dance Fred Astaire. Sad. You have a position.Say it honestly. Truth will set you free Chuck!
Reproductive health around the world is not our problem
It makes taxpayers happy that they dont have to fund this. You should be able to relate... you dont pay for anything.
Planned Parenthood just hands out Birth control n monthly Abortion Quotas 
Schumer lies like a Clinton..
Oh, u mean Planned Parenthood? They r great! They murder babies & sell their parts! But...they don't do mammograms.
https://twitter.com/NatasyaElliot/status/864461418908667910 …
is a power hungry liberal that never will get over it that he has to play second fiddle to Trump. Keep fiddling Schumer.hahahah
Please, please, please begin filing of articles of impeachment for the wannabe fascist dictator Trump. This nation can't survive much more
This is why Republicans won't stand up to Trump about Russia. This is what they live for.
Republicans so fucking corrupt facist.
You are so good at spreading LIES!
Single Payer? Min-Wage? Ending Regime-Change Wars? Voters' Rights? Education? Glass–Steagall?  Or just "We're not Trump"?
Chucky the deli guy needs a fix with his corn beef addiction! Term limits should be good for someone as senile like you! Schmucky Chucky! 
"Reproductive health" is what the Democrats  call baby killing now days.
Why are you covering up the murder of DNC staffer/leaker Seth Rich? What roll did you play Chuckie? #LockHerUp
Family's private investigator: There is evidence Seth Rich contacted @wikileaks prior to his death http://www.fox5dc.com/news/local-news/254852337-story … #fox5dc
You mean US sponsored massive baby killing programs throughout the world.
I don't consider elective abortion to be "reproductive health". Pregnancy is not a disease and an unborn person is not a tumor.
Since when are we responsible for reproductive issues for women that are not US citizens ? Secondly tax payers do not wan to fund abortion.
Again, reproductive health or abortion? I wish all you politicians could just be honest. No one is AGAINST reproductive health
we SHOULD NOT PAY FOR OTHERS AROUND THE WORD. my tax dollars belong to the USA( & well all hate that) not the world, smuck chuck
Why doesn't the middle get women's health care? I have no insurance. You aren't funding me, Chuckles. 
Besides, America voted Republican. Deal with it Chuckles. You are BAD for America. BTW, how is Puty?
Schumer thinks he can control us by encouraging us to kill our babies - smaller population means more control. Sick.
Chuckles is fighting for this:
Killing babies is NOT reproductive health Chuckles.
AMERICA FIRST STUPID
Chucky did you miss the memo make America great again not the world nationalism over globalism
You are an insult to the American people
No Chuckie, what is insulting is how you are for the murdering of babies.  #LetThemLive

We can't take care of the World list take care of the US citizen First America first that's why you are irrelevant care about foreigners mor
Sorry Chuck it's not women's rights or there right to health care. Read it carefully then get back to us
Nothing but adolescent liberal talking points has zero basis in fact.
Instead of liberal dribble put  some facts out with your statement
Reproductive health ? You mean Abortions...just say it.
Schmucky...your being a senator adds more insult to injury...its an assault on common sense!!!!! Is it really that easy to be ELECTED?????
Has any of the funding over the past 8 years actually helped women??????or just kept them government dependent!!!
Why don't you tell the truth 
@realDonaldTrump
As Democrats are putting forward ZERO alternative policies to Trump, it seems their agenda is only to obstruct and Russia, Russia, Russia!
#SethRich murder will become the biggest story in American political history! 

#HillaryPodestaDebbieKilledSeth
Probably msm will say rich Russian spy
Abortion isn't reproductive health, it's state sanctioned murder.
resigned
So abortion is pro women's health?  I bet the female babies that are aborted would disagree - the majority of fetuses are female! Callous
Where was your outrage about Hillary Clinton's private server that contained classified information? Hypocrits.
I thought Ivanka was going to stand up for women's rights. By the way where is Melanie?
ABORTION is NOT reproductive "health". It's MURDER
What is reproductive health? Is that the outright slaughter of children in uterus?
We don't want to pay for the responsibility of other parts of the world. Abstinence brother abstinence
When you say "reproductive health", do you mean killing babies?
2) millions of unwanted children will be born into poverty and die of starvation due to the misguided actions of the anti abortion people.
Use a frigging condom
1) Anti abortionists celebrate this horrific ruling, while tens of thousands of women will die from self or botched abortions, and (cont)
Blah blah blah
Save the unborn
What kind of reproductive "health" are you talking about? Are you talking about HEALTH or are you talking about abortion? Huge difference!
IDIOT!
since when is abortion women's health?

Comment?
Murdering the unborn is women's health ? Lets remember D.N.C chair  Perez - you cannot be a dem and not be pro -choice !
You are an insult, I don't want to fund planned parenthood with my tax money. they are butchers
We don't fund the world to murder. You are amoral and the tyranny of guilt/shame doesn't work. GO #Trump2020 #MAGA  #EqualityofLaw4All 
I agree with Republicans on abortion  (mostly). Everything else is just terrible.
-(2/2) very questionable. This is what you want to donto America?
Cut funding and let the Babies live.... Schumer TERM LIMITS Mr speaker TERM LIMITS
Yep bc PLANNED PARENTHOOD DOESN'T DO REPRODUCTIVE CARE JUST MURDER CALLED ABORTION
Do you even read the @washingtonpost , @SenSchumer ? You simply ignore the latest, most treacherous, offense of Trump's. #Leadership please.
Chuk knows it's all fake news@washingtonpost
US tax dollars don't fund groups or prgms that "support or participate in the mgmt of a prgm of coercive abortion or involuntary sterilizati
What are you doing about it? F*cking do something
#fakenews
Define sedition: the crime of saying, writing, or doing something that encourages people to disobey their government Lock her up!
Really Chuck? this is what you are tweeting tonight after Trump bragged intel to Russian's? WTF
It's not America's job to keep killing everyone's babies
Yes, but not surprising. I really hate the republicans.
That's ok we don't like Democrats that much either you better find a safe place and stay off Twitter
Stop calling murder of children reproductive health. Even dumb fn democrats no a child DIES during an abortion
The real story behind Planned Parenthood is it was created for ethnic cleansing of African Americans by Democrats
Women's health does not equal abortion Chuckie. Nice euphemism though.
No he is fighting for life and not the murder of babies
Hey Chuck how was your talk this weekend at Alfred state college I heard from a reliable source you got booed off the stage
Hun its called Eugenics
Can't stand it!
.@SenCoryGardner Horrible! This is bad public policy. We're watching. 80301
-You mean sucking unborn babies from a woman's womb?!
Thank you for bringing attention back to this important issue!
You are so negative Schumer. Get out now
Abortions are not reproductive health; its murder. And he did what all republicans have done in the past when they've taken office.
That's code language for child killing
abortion is not birth control it is murder.
Love ya Chick, but less Tweeting & more action. Need Articles of Impeachment filed before he does irreparable harm to country. Be a leader
Lmao you just called @chuckschumer a leader hahaha. What's next @NancyPelosi?
I can't even bring myself to read anything that Chuckles Schumer says. He is just a traitor and a clear and present danger to America.
Abortion.  Defunding foreign money for abortion.  500000 here a year isn't enough for you? Vampire

You want it? YOU pay for it!
