schumer. a good reason for term limits.
Sure, if you don't want experienced legislators
But if you look at the issues and voter participation term limits make a lot of sense.
Huh? And lol, voters are gonna vote more if there are different choices? Baloney.
So you're saying participation is low because the choice of candidates is low ?
I'm saying participation has always been pretty low here.
So by that logic you can't depend on the vote to bring about changein leadership. I thought the same vote em out,but if nobody votes ?? 
I'm simply putting the ultimate onus on voters. Not interested in whatever traps you're trying to lay, but cute emoji
It's what you were against when you held the majority. So glad your pleased now
You're going back 8 years for something?
Not sure why you had a problem with that Democrats try to go back even further than that when they want their way.
Lol, ok. And when exactly did he vote against miners' healthcare?
When he supported regulations to shut down the mining industry. A person with no job can't afford Healthcare.
Not that you'll bother, but you might want to check out facts...
Politifact has lost their credibility because they have been proven completely wrong in the last 6 months. They are a left wing organization
Lol. Facts are facts. The article cites facts. Sorry if you can't deal with them
Really ?? Like if you give 2 cents about miners and their health!  Washed out  cheating bag of bones!
You. Are. An. Idiot. Dems were vowing to put them all out if work last yr. but now you are their champion.
No, Dems were looking at ways to aid and help transition coal workers out of a dying industry. Rs simply lied and said could bring back jobs
Dems over regulated an already struggling industry, costing thousands of jobs. Hillary vowed to finish them off on the campaign trail.
Why don't you look at what coal CEOs say is killing their industry. Natural Gas has killed coal, not regulation.
Tell me what Obama/Clinton/Schumer have done to help either coal or NG?
Give me one...
Still waiting. No reply? No answer. No clue. Big mouth Nick is quiet all of a sudden.
No , it's precisely how it shouldn't work. Averting a shutdown every few months is pathetic. All you do is borrow and spend Schmuck.  

No matter what U do or say @SenSchumer YOU R not trusted. U & that fruitloop Pelosi should focus of leaving Washington. U will not be missed
@SenateDems are acting just like HRC liars all of ya! @SenSchumer
BULL S**T Sen Schiester! It was your party that was trying 2 put them out of business 4 good. U R a true   2 take credit now. U did nothin.
Miners would be out of business if it were up to you.Not fooling anyone.
Bull crap Sen Schumer you only shed tears for refugees no Americans the ones who pay your salary! Quit being a hyprocritical don't wear well
yes, govt for the people. Doing what is in the best interest of the citizens.
You know if Chuck "The Schmuck" Schumer is for it, every decent American should be against.
Chuck e Cheesy pizza minors? surely can't be for coal miners.
Spoken like a true Democrat. You couldn't care less about miners & their health care. POTUS protected them. #Fact

They didn't care about them being able to put food on the table.they figured by starving them to death it would eliminate the need 4 HC
You shill ,no one believes you had anything to do with helping miner's .
Don't stand there and blatantly lie to the American ppl The #CoalMiners know exactly how you and the #Dems feel about #Coal
You are so full of .
Enjoy your employment while you can, you, Maxie, I feel good, James, who is the other dino, oh, good ol Nancy
LATER!
Bi-partisan bills could be reached if YOU and your party quit blocking everything that is being proposed. Look out for USA, not you.
Hope the Dems get some credit from the coal miners on this!
Miners know better than to buy this lie
Schumer, @NancyPelosi @MaxineWaters @SenWarren are Obama puppets & they are taking the Democratic Party with them! BEWARE DEMS
There would not be any miners if you had your way Chuck!
Democrats hate miners
Democrats hate everyone that doesn't go along with their ideas.
The (D) pres candidate, CrookedH, wanted to put them out of work! U dems are so hypocritical, it's gross. Miners know who have their backs.
Then why didn't the Dems think of this first, instead of closing the mines & throwing the hardest working Americans under the bus to starve
Thanks to president Trump. And no thanks to you. And all the miners know who got them their job back.
You and your party don't give a damn about real Americans you are condescending and need to go away #chuckles #schumerclown #downwithdems
I wish every single damn person against Trump would get the hell out of my great nation known as America. And don't come back
Are you saying y'all celebrated killing coal industry over miners health?
I almost never say anything nice to you but good job.
President Trump's ideas are all good. Unlike Obama, Trump respects miners.
you mean finally, after 8 yrs of Obama, the gov't is working as it should?
let's see..the leader of your party HRC said she was going to put them out of work..u guys in Senate stood with her
Miners aren't stupid. They know you don't care about them.
Except Dems had absolutely NOTHING to do with it. Dems never cared about miners and miners know Dems tried to put them out of business.
Are these the miners who lost their jobs because of Obama and Democrats extremist policies?
There's something wrong with u. Hope u go to the doctor one of these days. There's meds out there which could help
Right...trying to take credit and claim it was you and your party's altruism (pppfftt!).  People don't fall for anymore.  You are a polytick
You didn't even want their jobs to exist.
Schumer Kris spring them lies
They signed a 3,000 page document that obonehead didn't allow them to read but now try to take credit for everything democrats are circus'
Stop trying to take credit for miners health bill you American traitor and and bafoon
And your candidate for prez wanted to "PUT COALMINERS OUT OF BUSINESS". Democrats go from one end of the spectrum to the other
Yes it is.  Congratulations on the "compromise". that's what America wants. Can you keep it up?
Did you feel this way when @POTUS put them back to work? Hillary had a different plan for them #unemployment  Your #Hypocrisy speaks volumes
Have you no shame or decency. Miners know you and your party are at war with their jobs and livelihood.
Trump inherited preexisting Obamacare, voted in on your watch! Why r u taking credit for any victorys? U helped create that mess not TRUMP.
give me a break
Whatever dude. No one believes you.
And your corrupt candidate Hillary wanted to put them out of business. Stop being so fake & acting like you care
You're a #Fool! "Allowed to work" not "ought to work." People now believe #GOP can successfully govern in spite of DT and #MinorityParty.
How govt works chuckie is that you need to vote for term limits for yourselves. No career politicians chuckie
Your candidate was going to put them out of business.
Wow this is rich trying to take credit for miners health care.
You mean those coal miners Hillary was going to put out of work? It's time to retire! We are sick of this political double speak!
Right after you put them put of work with your climate change bullshit..Your a disgrace to the office you hold...
clown
Do your party a favor and resign
Please stop pretending that this was an idea pushed by most democrats. It was however something that Trump promised throughout the campaign.
You don't care about coal miners' health. You and Obama administration wanted to shutdown the coal industry.
You, Mr. Obstructionist know nothing about how gov't should work. #SHUTITDOWN in 09/2017.
Liar
LOL....oh you batshit crazy Dems.  Do you honestly think ANYONE is falling for your lies and rhetoric?
I know the answer for health care.  Everyone takes a turn in the Senate or House and when your done healthcare for life FREE!!!
Really...LOSER..just can't get over it that @POTUS and republicans are better..we won you all lost..MAGA
idiot
Awesome, now get us an independent investigation and get those criminals out of there
Nice try Chuckie...your thin veneer is transparent & it's too little too late.
@SenSchumer is delusional like all @LibDems
Hey clown , Liar Dems never had miners' backs . They know Trump always had their backs. Nice try , though
FU Schumer.
I though you people hate miners... remember our @POTUS put these miners back to work.. they'll be voting for @Rea
But yet you wanted to put Miners out of work permanently? That's trying to shove a square peg in a round hole. It just doesn't fit.
You put them outta work and want to take a victory lap for putting two dollars (you took from others) in their pencil cup on street?
You make me sick . Do you really think that we don't know who had the best interest of coal miners at heart. We know it was not democrats!
What about the wall Chuckie? A wall will also work for an even larger number of Americans. Duh Chuckie
How #many Americans does it take to #acknowledge an #unprincipled
#Senator?

Answer:____
#Americans are incongruous
*Soros son (L) Putin (R)
If the Democrats hadnt put them out of work they would have union healthcare.
We hate your spending bill.  Congress doesn't work for the people. You're destroying the country.
Didn't you & the other Democrats wanted to put coal miners out of business? Trying to win back the white working class vote I see.
Spouting lies as he did on fox with Chris Wallace the other day
The same miners you Democrats put out of business and ruined their family's lives!
Wow Chuck take credit you actually accomplished....like polarizing your country with leftist hate mongering and obstructionism. Term limits!
You're a buffoon..
I thought the government was supposed to work the way it did when the Democrats shoved Obamacare down our throats w/no Republican support?
What the hell do you know about miners rights or any blue collar workers rights. Just resign and go away already term limits
u had nothing to do with it schumer
Interesting that our former Prez wanted to put them out of business. 
So.....which is it???
The miners that Hillary wanted to put out of work? those miners? I hear your party is more interested in minors anyway
Ouch at the minor part but very well said and true for sure. Tweet of the day winner.
Schumer you're such a lying CROOK to take claim for the Health of Miners ! We,the Americans that DESPISE you, know it was @realDonaldTrump !
Hey Chuckie, wasn't it just a short time ago you and your dems were busy putting miners out of work & benefits.- you're a liar & hypocrite!
Awe Chucky!!! Nice try!!

Everyone knows who has Coal Workers interest's at heart.. 

Not Dems who took there jobs.

You suck.
Anything that makes Schumer this Happy is bad 4 America & US!!!!
You won't get the miners vote.  Ever again.
Shhhh.  if the GOP knows you're thrilled about it, then they won't sign it.
Your confused stalling is Shumer an Co.
Then how come the Dems didn't pass this when Obama was in office? #faker Dems are the #PartyOfAnarchy #Liar

Such a lair Senator. President Trump had the miners' backs not u Dems!!
Then why didn't you do something to help them in the last 8 years. We see through your BS propaganda spin. #Hypocrite 
#Resign
Schumer - TERM LIMITS are the NEXT ISSUE,
Just think of you and all your cronies on the curb - the thought makes me SMILE!
Climate Change is a Hoax. So is @senSchumer
Yes thank President Trump not you
That was Trump's Health plan for minors, not the Democrat plan. You're such a liar
You are exactly right @cjmalocup not only did the dimlibs not have anything to do with it, but they got played for 3 parts and DON'T KNOW IT

Hypocrite
Schemer I voted for you-I'm really disappointed you cannot reach across aisle   and work to make all of America better not only the liberals
Let's take it further Chuck, let's make health care a common good #indivisible #AHCA #ACA it's time we do the right thing
You suddenly care for miners when your candidate promised to put them out of work ???
Damn.. Their on to us?
Thank you Chuck Schubert, stand up for the people!
Chuck Schumer is very convincing as a man.  Nice job doc but you should've done better with the phoney hairline.
A good way of spending $1 billion? Cmon really
TRUTH BOMB!

Newt Gingrich: "Schumer is adopting a strategy that says: weaken America to strengthen the Democrats."
You've got to be kidding! You and Obama regulated our coal fired power plants into moth balls=no work for minors! You are disgusting!!

Go away

To Dems, slavery never ended. They want to control everyone from cradle to grave. #DemocratLiesMatter  
Tell Paul Ryan "hi" for us
It is a horrible spending bill other than miner's healthcare. Your RINO plants came thou for you. Corruption abounds
 we the people are happy too! @GOP
You ought to work by doing your constitutional duty to fund govt properly - 12 independently scrutinized appropriations bills
This is the first time you've cared in the LEAST about miners and you think that's not suspicious?! #BullSchumer
Chuck, it is not government at work, it's individuals fighting for constituents. I know that is foreign to you. Ur Delphi constituents wait
Fake news from fake democrats who say they care about people when they on care about controlling people like they did in Venezuela, loveCuba
This is how adults should govern in our Great America. Thank you
thanks to @realDonaldTrump that promised a better deal to our miners.
You mean getting your way?
So Miners get coverage, Senate and House gets coverage. Why not universal coverage for all?
make sure WE get credit for it. Need Perez or you to go down to Ky WVa and do press conferences.
I don't think he would be welcomed in Ky or at least where I live at. We all know the dems were not for this..MAGA
The hypocrisy is staggering!
Thrilled you took care of them after your party crushed their industry with regulations? #hypocrite
Pres.Trump promised these people in his campaign to secure their health care! Now Ur trying to claim it as Urs?! U voted against it! Liar!
How YOU ought to work is for US. Medicare for all: you don't need more money from your corporate/ pharma donors. It's simply amoral.
Life is like a kamikaze roller coaster ride w America & the world under Trump.
 Play Russian Roulette instead - less consequences for globe.
For ALL Americans!
Please, you've never cared about miners before, stop taking credit for things you had nothing to do with. How manipulative!
A Normal government for the people one Nation had before it was taken over by corrupt Wealthy Businessmen
So you ARE for coal.....hmmm-does your base know?  FLIP FLOP CLOWN LOSER!!
None of that helps your optics schmucky....next time youre up for re-election...youre gone!!!!!!
#civilianlife
I wish he would be. NYC elects him. The rest of us in NY don't count.
HYPOCRITE! Miners wouldn't have job if weren't for Pres Trump. BHO wanted coal shut down and Hillary said she would destroy coal mining too
IT CRACKS ME UP THAT YOURE ACTUALLY PRETENDING TO GIVE A SHIT ABOUT AMERICAN MIDDLE CLASS CITIZENS!
Let's see what the next budget looks like, in Sept.
Miners are now sick from working in the coal mines so what does the idiot do? promises to bring back coal jobs! CAN HE GET ANY MORE STUPID?!
thank you @senschumer for your persistence in resisting the outrageous attacks on the American ppl via healthcare
coal miners healthcare!!! Woot woot!!! I know how to close the education achievement gap :)

I'll second that!
You suck Schumer. Big business has you paid for life.
