how did the #Obamacare numbers go so stupendously wrong? why? when did you know it would get so bad? before or after you passed it?
Y can't we get same health ins as congress & aides & staff 4 life?
Chuck..are you sure you have all the democrats votes...Joe and Heidi???
Wut a Dick move yelling @some1 in a restaurant. Wut u need 2 do is apologize 2 that couple &the owner. Then buy them dinner,
Propose improvements and fixes to the ACA NOW...Graham is already claiming his bill is the last chance to avoid Berniecare. Stop his lies
And the @DNC and Schumer are supporting people like this "unity" comm member #boycottDNC
WATCH: The incomparable @kthalps has made this video on #Clinton charges vs #Sanders facts on #Medicare4All. Enough! https://vimeo.com/235013875  
Every American should show their disgust with obstructionist and vote everyone of them out of office. Get rid of the old non productive wood
Now?! We just went through 8 years of congress obstructing JOBS bills just to spite the president. Please tell me u were disgusted by that 2
And infrastructure bills. Don't forget about those that the republicans torpedoed because...why?  Oh yeah a black man was president.
Look at California bay bridge. Built way over budget. Was suppose to help American Jobs. They outsource to a chinesse co who used chinesse
deductible $6500, monthly premium 500 = 12,500 plus office visits and copay.  I cant afford to use it. So u say I might lose it. BYE
That's why we need MEDICARE 4 ALL!
IDK maybe your right, U would think they could all sit down forget about the lobbyist, insurance co, etc and finally do something for us.
You think that because you're a better person than they are. They're addicted to that lobbying cash.
Read the full analysis from @mattafiedler and @lorenadler here:
Call your representive and Senators. Tell them their careers are over if they vote for Graham-Cassidy
Here's a number to strive for - zero uninsured Americans. What part of Congress' humanity says its okay to carve people out. #civic #startup
so is zero homeless, and neither is possible. ever. i suspect you think breadlines are progressive, but i  disagree.
Who believes the CBO? Look how they lied about your Obamacare. Get real Chuck! Stop with your BS! We in NY are tired of your drivel!

... here in the late 1800s and early 1900s for a better life and to BECOME Americans. It has nothing to do with ILLEGAL invaders of today.
That's just another lie, even though McCain voted no, all says including him it would of been good for states and saved money ^ YOU KNOW IT
Then see a dr , you might have Trumpitotis. Tbats where libtards fear the GREATNESS POTUS BESTOWS ON THE NATION while libs fail
Do you always have Jimmy Kimmel do your dirty work! Wolf in sheep clothes! Bankrupt the American people with #OBAMACARE
Because #Twitter only has a heart button I'm going to find my own emoticons for that trash  
The ACA is the best healthcare I've ever had. First time I've ever had eye care and dental care. The peace of mind of having it is priceless
ACA. Cost for me is $820 s month with a $6250 deductible   I’m a middle class American &health is unaffordable! Repeal tax penalty today!
DONT ALLOW BERNIE TO SPEAK FOR DEMS ON MONDAY! HE WILL SHIFT NARRATIVE AWAY FROM TERRIBLE CG BILL! Rs ARE ECSTATIC PLAYS INTO THEIR HAND!
go away
REPEAL OBAMACARE NOW!!!
#troll
I see there's a #TrollAlert  tag too. That's even better.
Do u think majority @ risk are Dems? Y give AK+HI Obamacare &  lower 48 Trumpcare? GOP had 7 yrs to get health bill. These were the best?
Build that Wall!!!
Educate yourself Schumer. The Statue of Liberty was a beacon of light and a symbol of hope for hardworking European immigrants who came...
Schumer, what about the CBO #'s when YOU BLINDLY passed ACA? You didn't care about those #'s! #HYPOCRISY
Bullshit I'm paying to much. You have no business in healthcare living stealing politicians drive up prices!
When do you guys vote on Impeach and Replace? Feel like that is gaining bipartisan support and would help more Americans than #Trumpcare
You are such a liar and a crybaby
This is why Dems are losing everything!
MEDICARE 4 ALL!
Every American should show their disgust with obstructionist and vote everyone of them out of office. Get rid of the old non productive wood
Remind us the CBO scores/ACA again? & EXTREMELY #disingenuous ur attempt 2 refer 2 #GrahamCassidy as #TrumpCare due 2 #ObamaCare disaster
If you hate it, it must be good for working Americans.
Thank you Senator Schumer for valiantly fighting the repeal of Obamacare. You are doing a great job!!
Like "scores" on ACA were "on the money"? Polls, scores have been failures. How bout using COMMON SENSE? Oh, & ABIDING BY THE [ACA] LAW!
why do we rely on a CBO score when it was so WRONG with obamacare? it is not even accurate so what difference does it make
Stop calling trump care this gov taking a stick to usa . trump just watch u jurks. Making a_ _es of yourselfs.i say let it fail.
Cbo bull why listen them like u have . they are a fraud fake lie and miss lead the american public. We not dumies. Like you.


Why trick your lemmings??

#GrahamCassidy has NO MANDATES--that's the reason there will be less insured

Stop your whiny BS lies

#MAGA
Didn't CBO tell us Obamacare was financially stable? The reason y less people will be insured is because the mandate is being removed
Liar liar so when given the score on Obummer care was it so great. Now see what is happening with that lie. Costing Americans big bucks lies
So according to this, millions of Americans won't be "forced" to buy the Ocare insurance lie. Good job CHUCKY, glad you finally got on board
Brookings is not neutral.





These are YOUR constituents Senator. #noscorenovote #SaveOurCare #resist #persist Thank you


Blah blah blah old Chuckie boy
You could care less about the people, All u dems hateful
Your putting down other ideas and YOURS dont work either , but you PRETEND they do.
(
You Dems have lied so much we can't believe a thing you say.
Thank you for your efforts!
More lies from libturds
I don't care! The ACA is a fiasco but you keep telling yourself it's great, maybe you should switch to the ACA for yourself?
In their defense. Those 32 million will be dead so wont need coverage.
The CBO has not been correct for the past eight years!!! Sad
Really this from the club of "well, we have to pass it to see what's in it" WRONG #FullRepeal @SenRandPauI is correct
these are the # of people who choose not to keep insurance @realDonaldTrump
Called you last night and again tonight and couldn't get through. Say NO to the #GrahmCassidyBill 

Shout it from the roof tops! The Senate republicans are willing to do this to America? For shame, for shame.
@DarrellIssa has a replacement bill better than Obamacare that gives all Americans the same health insurance federal employees have.
Still no answer on safe and smart schools program ha Chuck by charitable foundation http://alertnfp.com 
Disgraceful! Apparently the only thing the GOP care about are tax break for rich! Time to cleanse Congress& WH! #VoteGOPout #BlueWave
Resist:
Why can't we the people have the same healthcare coverage as Congress? You have no issues, so why won't you respond? What are you hiding?
@DarrellIssa in the house has a bill that does that.
Can't believe anything you say
These numbers are wrong.... Only 10,000,000 people on Obama Care
NOW Senator McCain says NO...THANK GOD FOR HIS WISDOM NOT TO SCREW MILLIONS OF AMERICANS.
@BrookingsInst is credible . At #OMB I prepared raw #federalbudget data for #Brookings.
#Healthcare should be #nonpartisan.
#GrahamCassidy
Commies gonna commie.
So by 2027    78 million Americans will lose their health insurance?
Do NOT legitimize this president with your "deals"!
they're also perfect with their estimates aren't they,probably predicted Clinton winning
Repeal and Replace Obamacare with a  OVER STATE LINE COMPETITIVE HEALTH INSURANCE. Time to END CAREER POLITICIANS TERM LIMITS 
Fair elections are the only term limits we need.
What is fair about Career Politician Supremacy Control our Lives With Socialist Healthcare like Obamacare or even worse Signal-Payer
And their was no CBO score on ACA when Obama signed the executive order or when DEMs voted to make it law!
One life lost, one bankrupt family is ONE TOO MANY!  Plz leave a comment before Monday!  #ProtectOurCare
$20,173,203,847,678.44 (+) #NationalDebt
So you admit Obamacare is a failure. Cool

Where is your loyalty Senator? No deals with POTUS ! only obliteration will do.
By the way, how is Obamacare doing?
Where is the Better Deal for tax payers?
Are the repubs promising to reduce cost by $2500 p family ? Where did I hear that before?
CHUCK SCHUMER owns failing money pit Obamacare , they again added money for Illigal's to have healthcare thru Medicad , now he is crying .
Zero proof! Anyone can make up numbers
Yes! Fight the insurance industry with MEDICARE 4 ALL. It will obliterate them.
Stand strong, Senator Schumer. We are depending on you!
Crying Chuck the numbers are better than Obamacare nightmare.  Really Crying Chuck u passed Obamacare without ever reading it.
#killthebill #protectourcare #grahamcassidyNO @senategop @housegop @SenTedCruz @vp @JudgeCarter @JohnCornyn #dobetter
Hey chuck GFY
the people making these laws have insurance and do not care about you, just Obama's name is on it and the almighty dollar, they are exempt
How was obama care scored?
Brookings Institution must also believe in fake global warming. There is NO WAY to predict what the state's will do to cover their voters
all some senators need to know about health insurance is when the lobbyist check is in the mail -- logic doesn't work against emotions
This is true..*sigh"
It's impossible for the CBO to score this. They CANNOT predict what the state's will do bit their voters will decide who makes decisions
COB wrong on Obama Care numbers. How can they be metric used when they are so disastrously wrong and inaccurate. Does Chuck not know this?
CBO missed by a mile on the ACA, Almost as bad as the polls that said Hillary had an easy win.
The CBO has a horrific track record.

What does this have to do with this topic?
Chuck what pressure r u putting on thevSenate to slow down..ACTION NEEDED
No single payer. Repeal replace.
Since when can you clown's estimate anything, with any accuracy?

You can't get a CBO score for 50 States. Stop spreading false narratives Chucky !
Healthcare/insurance doesn't belong in fed gov. U guys can't even run the post office.
CBO score for obamacare was bad too. U passed that one. Why do I care about the CBO score now?
These projections are completely unreliable because they totally depend upon future state by state decisions, which likely create more care.
Chuckie doesn't think we are smart enough to figure that out and it's just estatic. 
No  #s on exiting because coverage w/ work and such
AND they don't want to give up $ without controlling them.  Reduces their value to PACS.  All about campaign funding.
CBO isn't worth a damn said we would save money on Obamacare WRONG only costs us more & more. Can't trust CBO
I have lost my ins & doctor bc of you & @BarackObama. It's so sad that your voters actually think you liberals give a damn. So sad...
CBO scores r nonsense. Skewed and don't take in fact that there r many uninsured because can't afford Ocare!
BROUGHT TO YOU BY THE REPUBLICAN PARTY - ZOMBIE TRUMPCARE - THAT SHIT JUST DON'T DIE!! @SenSchumer
Still better them Obama care. Let me remind you that democrats exempted themselves from knowing how bad it was/is

Chuck chuck such a drama queen.
Chuck think about this > You are the slave and Obama is the master!



The Federal government should not be in healthcare! This is State's issue and States should figure out what is best for their citizens!
Tell me how a single state can negotiate better prices than an entity representing 50 states?
STOP OBSTRUCTING AND LYING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE CHUCK!!

NOBODY IS LISTENING TO YOUR DISTORTED BANTER ANYMORE CHUCK!
SI SE PUEDE!!  Vaya GOP!!!
I was hoping all the scary stuff would wait until #Halloween.  But those GOP ghouls won't stop haunting ordinary people.
In ordinary and they are helping get away from mess called affordable healthcare. You do no democrats exempted themselves knowing how bad is
Saw on tv today house was going to take up #grahamcassidy ASAP and they were not going to wait for CBO score either
Legislation should be blocked until a CBO score is released and there has been time to review the numbers.
Chuck, tell everyone about the law you're trying to pass making it a FELONY crime for Americans to boycott #Apartheid #israel. #BDS
The obvious lack of a CBO score speaks tremendously on how much the GOP actually believes that Graham-Cassidy is a good plan.
And remember when they bashed Obama for pushing the ACA thru in a YEAR!  now 2 weeks!  They make me sick!
They have to the rules change Sept 30th. And remember we had to pass the bill to see what was in the bill.
Good that is just great to hear, seeing as you lie all the time, bill must be great
No one lies more than current white house resident
And just what has he lied about? I know of none, so would like to see your list

Right, and you're always so honest and trustworthy.  #FakeTearsChuck
He's reporting on the findings of a non-partisan think tank that is most often cited by GOP'ers in the Senate. Continue to be in denial.
is an EMBARASSMENT to democracy, and he is nothing short of a demo-rat!
Your a nut case
