Why is our country being determined and run by Executive Orders??? This is NOT a democracy as I remember it. Please ANSWER!
you mean all the EO from obama that Trump is using EO to get rid of? Hahaha
Thank you @NWGirl7839...I got quite a few "Look up your facts" with my statement. I just hate seeing good work undone by this manchild.
Thank you once again!!! Good facts to keep on hand!
Well who killed the electric car.....................duh oil guys...ha
man you have lost your damn mind
Is this madness ever going to end. How can such evil people be running this country. How are a man child be president? Help us!!!
US oil over A-rab oil!! All day long brutha.
Get over yourself and do something for the people instead of bad mouthing the president.I hear nothing good out of your mouth about policy
he said make america wealthy again u mean make him wealthy again ..
If that was true witch it's not The president would not be donating his salary.
Thats what u think
more fake news
they are hurting other sectors of the economy that create more jobs in order to suck up to big oil.  We know who their donors R.
@Sam38G well then, fucking fight!
Why are Democrats so intent on resisting Bernie Sanders? #ElectionFraud #MediaCollusion #VoterSuppression #BernieWouldHaveWon
absolutely right, They have no concern for our health or the health of the planet. I wish we could tar and tar them all.
Yup! 19% of big Rosneft oil $$$ sitting in the Cayman Islands ready for transfer to bank account as soon as sanctions Rlifted
all you people do know that the computers and phone are possible cuz of oil right?
be waiting to see you traveling in your new Amish buggy.
thanks for not blocking #ScottPilgrimvsTheWorld btw.
No problem!  I NEED that oil in my car.  It's called FREEDOM!  And PROSPERITY! You HAVE it, but don/t want anyone else to have it!  MAGA!!
We know Dimms don't use Big Oil , they just run their cars on their own hot air.
Jobs
stand firm give guidance build the party we will regain sanity
Keep fighting the good fight. I believe the majority is behind you!!
Not really. He's a .
No, your getting him confused with your hero.
Look in a mirror. It's YOU. 
And it's now possible for Internet service providers to sell your private information to other companies.
Is there any doubt how hypocrite you are, you always complain about Trump twitting, and you twit double the amount he does.
that's ok. Term limits are coming. You first schmucky.

I hope thats what happens 2 Mar-a-Lago
@SenShumer I'd prefer a Caddy Shack finale.
the greatest day for this country will be when Americans don't have to see your face or here you.
You got that right all these old timers on both sides not working with the President need to go We ne to replace them. Then America's Great
you are a shrill joke
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr ARE U GUY NOT SAYING AN??
This is W H OR STABLE?
Any garbage with no experience get position U GUY ??
R U GUYS ARE NOTHING JUST TRUM garbage E H AND NO WORD FROM U ALL AT ALL?
Shame
SHAME
SHAME
SHAME ???
@1099rock @SpeakerRyan @SenMcGarrigle @SenBlumenthal @SenBobCorker @SenBobCasey WHAT TYPE PERSONS U R?
Why trump kids penetrate
thanks for the propaganda. Didn't think i got my quota for the day.
Give up your pension.
@socanlady call on Americans to help! We are waiting to stand with you! Guide us!
Then you are even considering "working" with him? A rat is a rat is a rat is a rat.
r ur talking about the obama exec order that was blocked in 2016 by Supreme Court, declared unconstitutional &Trump wrote out
LIAR!!!!    All DemocRATS do is LIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tragic day for the planet
YOU ARE A MONSTER!!! You do not care about the small guys working in the oil industry.
BIG OIL??? What about all the little guys working for the oil industry?? What about the small businesses who depend on it???
And we r proud of @POTUS and the work he is doing 2 reclaim the USA for Americans. #MAGA #NYdeservesbetter #retirechuck
the swamp as an oily film
majority of Americans love our president Nothing u say can change that  Not even your paid protesters #MYPRESIDENTTRUMP
and Wilbur Ross directly stands to profit
If there was ANY doubt that all you do is slant the truth today's statement from you proves that point.People are so sick of you
this
U R NOT DOING ANYTHING TO STOP DEPORTATIONS ICE RAIDS ARRESTS IMPEACH INCARCERATE EACH ONE I EXPOSED, GOP RUBIO CRUZ GRASSLEY


and big oil is how u can tackle energy independence and that DEBT!!!!!
So what are you going to do about it other than complain?
does this mean your going to start calling flight attendants stupid again too?
Please do more than just tweet. How do we stop this? Stop Trump.
of course.  Tillerson was selected for precisely that reason. Russia Big $. And remember his remark about getting "Iraqi oil"?
it will be great for the country, the EPA was out of control.
Go away...you big bag of wind.
"MAGA"
gee Chuck according to Gore NYC was to be underwater by now
@TuesdaysToomey Well the good news is that I will finally divest from Exxon Mobile...
as someone who is in the oil fields I say good. American jobs idiot.
time to step down, you are clearly unstable. #stepdownclown
can anyone fig this out? He is trying to get all this done before he gets impeached.
@joepete104 Traitor Trump's Boss Putin are scheming to raise oil prices. The Boss needs the cash flow.
Show us YOU are not corrupted by YOUR http://contributors.Support  Single payer universal health care. Otherwise, no room to critique
wave of new companies w/ sustainable energy policies coming to take over market share from dinosaur oil companies!! Bye Bye OWM!
Obama laid over 8,000 miles of pipeline. He allowed innocent to be beat and arrested. After Trump@was elected he stoped it.
Thank you for fighting this awful corporate shill. Pls keep up the pressure on #Russia #Trumprussia
Did the EO add more regulations to solar or wind? Will the solar/wind market dry up because no regulations?
@N2glass We get it. Now let's get them out. Stat.
and then you take care of them and show the love
and fill it with poor immigrants in the poor and all of those that you care so much about
are you sure you Topia and then all of you rich Democrats find the maintenance and sustenance of that city
we don't want your democratic socialism. All of you rich Democrats should buy a large area in America


.@SenSchumer .@PeggyJeanB CO2 impact on climate is an inconvenient truth that the fossil fuel industry denies out of unmitigated greed.
So Chuck, what's your plan to replace big oil with an alternative? Wait, you already have a job so what do you care? #DTS
thank god.
The POTUS is bringing back jobs in our country #maga
How can you develop momentum when you lurch from fire to fire?  Spread yourselves thin. Pander to everyone. Score: 0. sheesh
Could be,Chucky boy, what do you do now I think you should stop driving Chucky boy.

it's actually #PresidentBannon hard at work deconstructing!
There was no doubt.
Too bad he hasn't been able to drain the swamp... You're still grandstanding Schumer
It's about time. Thanks @POTUS!
Fine with me.....
I love big oil.  It helps me drive my big car down our big streets.I've never been yelled at by big oil for voting.Who owns you?
They don't call him Schumer clown for nothing
Thank you for saying this.
No it's putting all industry to work.  Govt should not be in business of picking winners and losers. Obama regs hurt America.
your restrictions make oil and gas to expensive for low-income families ,why would you do that?
Cheaper energy is better for everyone ! Even Dummies like you ! #SchumerisADouche
there was no doubt when he hired Rex Tillerputin
are you ready to start walking to work? 
#Texasoil
now how can it be said that he is in Russia's pocket Schumer is a partisan fool
RESIST...VOTE NO. DO NOT WORK WITH GOP AND TRAITOR TRUMP!
I'm glad. Time to retire your clown shoes, Schumer! Resign!
NO. THE PEOPLE Are BACK IN CHARGE. Not you elites who think I are smarter than us.
get some rest Chuck
go home
Are you on drugs?
And what's wrong with oil companies Senator? Don't like oil? Don't drive or ride in a car!
Really Chuckie Boy? Let's check your donor list shall we a'hole?
U harassed people in a restaurant/very loud/followed them outside/It is great that the stress is getting to U/U Waters,Pelosi.
tell u what. if it make the USA energy independent, them I am all for it
you are communist . I can see it very clear
@SenateDems GOP=Gas Oil Party
uh huh... keep crying yourself to sleep fake tears... maybe Santa trump will get you a nice lump of coal....
Sad day!
make sure u never agree with @potus
@SenateDems It was akways in charrge.  My gas prices prove that.
- it's called jobs stupid
Chuckie. Here you go again. Ever think a brain massage would help?
How about Goldman Sachs?
hey Chuck I am a woman and voted for Trump are you going to scream and harass me to?    Where are these womens rights now?
And you would rather over regulate,over tax industry so they leave taking jobs with them while flooding our borders with immigra
hey chuck do u have anything positive to say about anything. . U are the epidomy of what's wrong with this country snowflake
show how, that is why you tweet cause you really cannot state your case in 140 charactors and nobody expects you to mudslinger
And so sorry to see all these trolls on your thread.
sad, sickening, but true.
DO YOUR JOB!
Thank God! You must have sold your soul to FOREIGN OIL. I demand a probe into YOUR business dealings!
We are drilling baby. Do you cringe when you see an oil drill? Love it Chuckie. Can you cry for us now?
You are so blind.
so many EO's soon No democracy. Do Something Today!
Do you do anything but complain?  Ankle biter lol
that's great news!!!
big oil hahaha talking point gibberish
As a Liberal once said, "Elections have Consequences." As for your comment, Big Oil never relinquished command to Demonicrats!
oohh, big oil!! You r a joke
and it's about time. You and Democrats have been trying to our America back into the Dark Ages.  We're tired of it!!!
@GOP loves to hate/abolish regs, so how does that help American families/towns/states?  It doesn't; it hurts citizens/towns.
Big Oil should be a banned phrase. How much big oil do you use? And Podesta investments/ties to Russia?? We're waiting.

Who votes for @SenSchumer ? This guy is such a joke. Clearly an  hater.
are going scream at me when im at a restaurant? TRUMP
attacking woman is very sexist, u need to resign.
@SenateDems and if there was any doubt the past 8 years doubled our national debt...oh yah, that's a fact!
More BULLSHIT from Chucky!! The punk that attacks women!!!!
Today's Executive order comes at the right time. Jobs and energy are ours. Clean air and water will continue. Quit it.
PLEASE Keep fighting for us Chuck, Trump is evil incarnate. He WILL DESTROY everything in his path
PLEASE DO SOMETHING!
Today also shows people like you can't screw Americans over to get reelected. You are one of the very reasons for term limits.

they were in charge under Obama too. You're not fooling anyone who has half a brain
