holy moly - it looks like @SenSchumer and I are smoking reefer outside a wedding...

 
lol lol..do u roll your own..,lol.. Just joking.Truth travels far but ends up
with the wrong truth
A bit "off center"?

Was your prodigee Anthony Weiner there also?
doctors do say weed leads to dementia .now we know how schemer got this condition
It would be better for you than that crack you are obviously tooting.
Your picture is perfect ,you look like an ass and a alt left one at that
Does @SenSchumer have health problems?

Chuck Schumer is friends with Anthony Weiner, Putin and other shady characters 
It could only be a plus considering your reckless thought process since becoming the big cheese of the phonyrat brigade.  You're so, so sad.
@joshtpm @BenSasse  Cotton looks like painfully obv narc trying to buy dope from n'hood dealer but keeps getting interrupted.
Exactly what I was thinking!!
My dad and I do marijuana all the time. mom only drinks, a lot. oh and Vicodin
You mean you weren't? That's disappointing. #420
Sen Schumer.. don't trip on this one.. it would make you hip, and informed about cannabis as the least toxic method for treating pain
Killer pics! Encouraging to see Schumer smiling with Cotton. I hope this shit brings our 2 grand parties together again & 4evermore #respect
Now this is the future liberals want.
This set rich story is going to break DC wide open like a tidal wave going through the swap. Watch for it
This China orphan video was so heart wrenching I could not watch it
Me too.
you were quoted in a story by @CNN
This has me smiling. That there are still grownups it Washington who talk to each other. Even though they represent different views. Thanks
Agree.Despite not agreeing with most of @BenSasse's policies, he's an extremely smart/principled man and a great addition to the Senate.
Agree 100 percent.
ICYMI, your *pals* are trying to kill my HC and they are enabling the buffoon in the WH. Nothing to joke about.
Reefer bad   Jesus Good !
Smoking weed???  you should be in jail!  Its illegal!!  @senschumerjailtime
Who said Chuck Schumer looks like a flying monkey..?
Is there a chance that you all are discussing an investigation into the Seth Rich murder? What about Seth Rich???
You still call it Reefer? That's how we know that you two are old white guys... Maybe a little reefer would chill out Washington a bit?
Anybody who calls it "reefer" is not smoking it. But it isn't like you haven't earned a break and some time to feel good.
Or, they're older than dirt, Lone Grey.
Yes, as am I, hence the "grey"
With the shit going on in DC, if you want to smoke a joint Chuck, you deserve it
Indeed, but will you please pass it to Sessions, he needs to loosen up.. just sayin.
Sessions ?how bout the whole Deep state left witch hunt mob! They already act like dope heads.. just sayin
Lol! Yep, it's us.
Lol
Smooth melody, camera pans on apartment building, women's voice,
"There's always a fight... on Capitol Hill!"
After-Hours Senate Pictures Presents: 

"Capitol Hill"…
The House that weed built....
Omg
2 resonating #dipshits will do that.
Fantastic sense of humour,
Looks like a overnight sic homosexual party? Would not surprise me !
Sincerely, Schumer, how do you live with yourself? I mean, how can you so completely sear you conscious that you play these parlor games?

Lol
I do not think that means what you think it  means...you race baiting, communist.
conduct or speech inciting people to rebel against the authority of a state or monarch. thats sedition chucky are u guilty of this?
This is what I call toking across the aisle.  Very funny and a nice distraction from this swamp regime.
Old habits die hard?
School is out of Sessions for the summer 
Friday humor.
Speaking of smoking reefer, please remove cannabis from Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act.  I mean, c'mon.
@BenSasse lol
we know people who call it reefer aren't actually smoking it
Who the creeper lurking in the window lmao..
But fairly accurate.
You behave as if you are in a constant state of mental imparedness.
Talk about a joint session!
Peace not war bro. 
(Slurring) 

 These after-hours Senate pics are great for caption contests
It couldn't hurt. ;)
please resign now
I see Sessions peering thru the window - quick drop and nonchalantly just chill.
Who in the world calls it reefer anymore? Other than ParrotHeads...
Thank @SenSchumer and @BenSasse - we needed DC to give us a laugh!
peace man lol
Hence dubbed Senator Bogart. Thank you senator.

Well Chuck being stoned sure would explain ur behavior over the yrs. Last fall u wanted Comey fired now u complain @POTUS fired him #BadWeed
Who's the dude on the wall?
@BenSasse yeah but who is that watching you from the window??!
Well played, @SenSchumer, well played indeed! Terrific!
I grew up in th McCarthy era.  You DEMS loved communists.i would rather have a relationship with Russia than be enemies again.
heck we all wanna smoke it, might take some of the stress going on lately
Your all like silly high school kids acting out their drama. Russia didn't brain wash me,Chucky. You DEMS turned me off.
How egotistical of all you ANGRY DEMS. We have someone who will HELP this country finally for the better. You're HATERS
Your sneaky. Childish  and hostile and your tears were sooo fake. You are ubstructing the success of the US.
We VOTED for TRUMP NOT YOU for change and that includes getting rid of an easy politicians like you
What's with the demon face in the window!?
@BenSasse I wish all you guys would pass a doobie around, maybe you'd work with each other.
BWAHAHA!
Shumer the Jewish Nazi!
That would be the best thing you did dickweed
Don't agree with all of your positions but what a great pic and post.  It's nice to have a little humor.  That is outstanding!!
Love that you can make pot related jokes these days and not be vilified for it.
You do act like you're stoned all the time
POTUS out busting his ass working while you stand around looking loaded smoking your cig lazy azz
@lakerville22  "well that escalated quickly"
Hahahahahaha love it @joyettalynn
Sadly Schumer's crack pot leftist ideas make it seem like he is smoking pot more than this pic does.


You guys know jay cutler?
Might be the most interesting thing done lately!
Good god, you're senators!! Don't you have mistresses or hookers or something?
What do you think @SenTomCotton
Lord knows y'all totes deserve a good smoke!
He is such a hypocrite
Puff puff pass some legislation
that's hysterical 
Any bets on how longer it takes for this to be on @foxandfriends ? They're running out of fake news to report #BeOnTheRightSideOfHistory
@HousemanWHAM I think we need to dig deeper into this situation.
Probably Crack? Must be Schumer is deranged
@BenSasse This gives me hope

Perhaps there r bonds that exist in DC we don't normally see

Even if those bonds involve doobies
Taken 20 minutes after Chuck texted Ben "RU around?"  LOL!  Thanks for the laughs we needed it
Party hearty @SenSchumer bring @alfranken along. Bet he can draw a map stoned. #NoTreason 
Hilarious!
You guys need more meetings like this...


Did you know
#FascistDems making a mockery out of everything on our dime. Cannot wait to bury you again in 2018 & 2020
We love you even more than usual, Senator! Now let's #LegalizeIt
Maybe we need an independent investigator to spend our tax money on for a #witchhunt ?
You deserve it, sir.
I am disappointed with your unwillingness to find common ground with @realDonaldTrump.Tells me you put politics ahead of country.

Look like a real man with your legs crossed.
@wresbyterian @BenSasse but seriously , what the heck is in the window?!
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @mashable
Say no to drugs Chuck
Hell... Pass the weed. I need relaxation right now.
, hahahahahaha. Great pics, guys
Look who's smoking a joint, none other than AG Sessions. Practice what u preach...jail time for you, sir?
Don't tell Sessions!
Oh chucky. If only it was recreationally legal in NY #hint #hint
I needed this 
IKR! 
And your not sharing with your fans!
Honestly, sir, I wouldn't blame you considering the circumstances.

#inserttrumpscandalhere
Lmaooooooo this is great
BEN SASSE FOR PRESIDENT!!!!
Always wonder what these guys look like when not in front of TV cameras. Love you Chuck!
Isn't that what you do outside a wedding?
I feel like I did when I saw one of the nuns from school at the grocery. Weird. Hahah
Love this.
Heaven knows you need a puff
Don't forget the Doritos and brownies!
If the FBI has never seen or examined the DNC Servers.  The FBI can not definitely say Russia Hacked the Servers,
This is so reassuring. We need more of the humor and normalcy. I'm a big fan of @SenSasse and @SenSchumer.
Perception doesn't always reflect reality, yes?
Lol, that is a great pic
@HC_Richardson @BenSasse So, Americans want marijuana legalized, what are you doing to represent us?
You just earned yourself a follow good sir
Nice having a giggle on anything Schumer!

Why is nobody else talking about the Demon in the window??
Don't let Jeff Sessions find out!
smoking a blunt Chuckles? No wonder you're paranoid.
I unfollow for 30 minutes & this happens
Don't let Jeff Sessions catch you smoking that!
Hope we can say that of your resignation. Have never seen a one-man clown car before. You're the reason Dem approval ratings are so low.
 If you can laugh during these political times, you've got to me smoking something.
More like you don't need any more of what was in that go-cup.
Forget the weed, why is there an angry gorilla in the window?
I'm ded
LOL!
Pass it around the Senate
So funny! But glad to see you have a good sense of humor. We need some laughs these days of such peril.

@WaPoFood Ben Sasse and Chick Schumer busted for illegally smoking Marijuana in Nation Capitol. HEADLINE
Imagine that CHUCKLES
Why is @SenJohnMcCain holding the "football"?
I think this helps your popularity.
I saw it pointed out in Sasse's comments and now I can't unsee the creepy face in the window.
Sen Schumer @BenSasse trying to cover himself.  It's OK.  I just told him it's called marijuana, weed not "reefer".  Two men talking !!
Sen Schumer!!!
Grinning, , no giggling!

So so cute
Drug test chuckles the 
No one on the left cares if you smoke grass Senator  so don't sweat it...better than being an angry drunk any day of the week.
life comes at you fast, fellas.
Puff-Puff-Impeach
the best part is, when I go to heaven you WON'T BE THERE, GOD DOES NOT TAKE KINDLEY TO FOLKS LIKE YOURSELF. BAST ARD
That's cool Chuck that's cool lol

And by escalated, you mean you got high?
Maybe there's hope for Washington after all.. Bipartisanship at its finest...
Watch it, I hear @jeffsessions wants to double your sentencing if you're caught with it.
@SenJohnMcCain just looks baffled by all of these shenanigans
It's ok if you have glaucoma or worry u might get glaucoma or u want to make sure you avoid glaucoma
thanks for a little levity on a day like this (or these past 118 days)
It's alright, Sasse looks like the pusher
Hey Chuck! Let's end this immoral, Federal prohibition on marijuana ok?! How many more lives have to be destroyed in our prisons?
Never mind. Who's that looking out the window?
Cong. may have to convene a "joint" task force to investigate. They don't mind you being a traitor, but they draw the line at "hard" drugs.
LOL
#TermLimits chuckie. I am not going to let you forget
Which one of you guys rolled that one?
No wonder your mind is so twisted, if you are smoking weed, you should be arrested for drug abuse!
@BenSasse good way to scandalize ag sessions
Well that half explains your work in congress
Who's the homeless over the hill rent boy?
lol
While on the subject...any chance we could stop telling people marijuana is just as bad as heroin?
