Nothing spells hypocrisy more than Schumer trying to intimate that Dem failed plan is GOP fault. You own this one Dems. Obamacare failure
How can you say that when GOP has had 7 years to come up with something better? Their plan should have been ready on day one! They got nada!
Im not happy with GOP but Democrats had no GOP votes when they made this poor legislation law. Therefore it is still ACA law.
This is not a poor law. The republicans had a place at the ACA table with 171 amendments, many technical, & more than 50 meetings & markups
They seem to forget that fact when touting what a horrible plan it is. Maybe it's bcuz their amendments are what's broken in ACA? IDK.
Then why did the Dems vote for it?
To give Americans healthcare! It's not perfect, but has helped millions, my family incd. They should be working together to fix it. Before..
ACA my husband & I could not afford HC.We are both small biz owners. You know, the so-called American Dream? Not having HC is scary! We know
Rotten bill from a rotten party/cult.
Cult .. Lol! No that's funny coming from the party who can't accept defeat!
Trust me..you didn't win. Look what you got. A POTUS who lies & can't back promises made to you. How has he made your life better?
Oh.. We did win. You can't accept it.. You need to move on or get therapy. Have a great #maga 3-8 years ! 
Funny that's always Trump supporters answer. You can't even tell me how he made your life better lol. Proof. He didn't, he cant.
Now you can afford a dictionary!
How about all those CARRIER employees losing their jobs...lol. I bet their 401Ks won't fare as well!!
I suggest approaching R's like Collins to draft a bipartisan plan and show these other A-holes how our gov't is supposed to work!
Cryin Chuck, are you ever anything besides NEGATIVE?! Such a DOWNER complainer all the time!
#Democrats lie so much about not only the cost, but the quality of Obamacare. 

 Many states only have ONE insurance choice

You are insane!
Interesting they're all in Redneck states - you should move to one that has money.
#Crooks #DeathCare #StopTrumpcare
And I'll be goddamned if you think we are gonna get up off our ass and do something positive for America. FU. That's not part of our job.
The only thing rotten is you
Pay my deductible ass!
So let Obama care die
You have to pass it so you'll know what's in it first don't you?
I agree so it all must be repeal and let states handle it. Fed Gov should not be involved
Watch who goes home in 2018 Americans are sick and tired of lies and opposition It means go home for a lot of no voters
No amount of lies you tell will anyone ever vote for another lying liberal democrat for president!
Since we have a deficit and you love OBOZOCARE so much and blind to its failure! Dimocraps didn't read it then passed , they need to use it!
Lol well the Democrat party smells like rotten eggs! And you are the fart!
Did you decide to vote against it before you read it?
6000 deductible highest premiums ever paid... thanks Dimocraps, OBOZO RHINOS! You should have paid for OBOZOCARE first to show us how great
You talk as if Obama care is so great it sux & you know it
Obamacare is worse.
And did you not add give aways to get you bill passed before even reading it.
If don't like it must be good for American workers
If Obamacare was so great, then why did Congressional Democrats exempt themselves from it?
In the weeks ahead, if T fails to enforce ACA & is too disruptive remember Congress can invoke Martial law Under Art. I, Sect. 8, Cl. 15 1/2
except congress is republican thanks to gerrymandering
Haha sounds like Obamacare! Maybe government should just stick to running the post office and get out of healthcare!
Just like most of them.
Have u bothered to read it? You hated it the min it was put out..u didnt read it. Obamacare is your failure now
obamacare was designed to be improved. trumpcare is designed to make his friends rich and bury you
Get informed.  Obamacare was designed to die this year.  Facts
No amount of any work will save failing Ocare we demand real hc choices, choice, choice n options only the markets can offer not you,not gov
which would be great, except this bill drops reqs for pre existing conditions and no ceiling on rate hikes.
Pre Existing was resolved under Bush!! But, modification needed, a person with high bed bills shld hv a higher rate than a youth w/none
i dont disagree with that but this bill will remove preexisting conditions and thats bad. I also dont mind paying a little more to make sure
less fortunate kids have a better chance at healthcare. but there r other ways to achieve that. Im open to anything bettet but nothing worse
So are you... wake up, you lost
Then why not just repeal Obamacare?  Why such resistance to such a basic re start?  Obstruction!
We NEED those "essential benefits"...
Yeah well the health care bill your party put forth is failing miserably .......just like your party
How about Trump and the GOP simply amend Obamacare to mandate that Congress be required to participate in it? Yeah, then you'll REALLY cry
You should know a rotten bill when you see it!  Oh wait you couldn't read it till it passed
If the  fits were it
75 % less rotten than  Obama  care.Medicaid is for poor Americans not for illegals.Medicare stays the same as before. Stop lying
@SenSchumer you  talked about how bad it is within 2 hours of it being released - part of your statement was that you hadnt read it. POS.
Obamacare was a lie that ruined many families because of you pander to freeloading welfare base in NY . Party donations are way down. KARMA!
It takes a rotten POS like you and fellow democrats to obstruct everything good republicans do.
No amount of Tweets or platitudes will make awakened voters think you & all the other Corporate Dems R any different than Reps. #Bernie2020
Man, you democrats have no idea how badly YOUR shit stinks & you have the temerity to yammer on mindlessly about new healthcare? Piss off.
Hold the line!
You win the contest on number of tweets per hour!!!  Please stop your negative tweets and offer something concrete that benefit the nation.
Only thing rotten to the core is #SchmuckSchumer 's soul
Just like your constant carping, complaining, obstruction, fear tactics and inability to be a real leader. You're a joke outside NYC.
But not as rotten as the one you are defending
And you ALL would know !
Why not Chuckie, isn't that what you did to pass the scam of Obamacare?
Why didn't u speak out more about this, when o OBama introduced it.
From the viewpoint of a Communist like yourself I could see how you would feel that way. Fortunately, America knows that this bill beats ACA
NO ITS ACTUALLY NOT THAT BAD! THE SILENT MAJORITY HAS STOOD UP FOR AMERICA FREEDOM FOR ONE AND ALL! WE REFUSE TO LOSE OUR CULTURE AND RIGHTS
Why do you hate America?
Your rotten to the core Chuckie !!
You ready to CRY Again?
#OwnIT #ObamacareSucks
Schumer ur always talking about how bad @POTUS is & the probs he creates & then say, the American citizens will agree. You don't speak 4 me!
No that what's the matter with you!
No amount of tweaks,modifications or giveaways can change the fact that #Dems don't have a message
Fixed your tweet @SenSchumer 
#Trump2020
Here's the sad news no matter how bad the GOP bill is Obamacare is a thousand times worse. you are the bad guys
the problem with health care has always been government
And so are you
Worst of all you sold us out to the Muslium brotherhood
You will go down as a traitor in history
You own this mess? What is your plan to fix it?
What is your plan?
As is Obamacare
the #GOP is rotten to the core
U  should know about rotten to the core!
@Marcie_too Others may riot over DEATHCARE BILL! I hope it does not pass I remember Detroit I remember Watts I pray not again!
@Marcie_too NRA put out video promoting violence to resistance/
protesters! I told Governor Cuomo that they may cause violence!
You talking about yourself
@Marcie_too left msg today/everyday if DEATHCARE passes Resistance will march immediately peacefully!
And so are you -  falling poll numbers support that too.
O'Care sucks, what do you expect?  What are you doing to make it better?
Kinda like OBAMACARE! Does nothing for "We The People" Not what we voted for. Fire everyone of you Democrats and Republican. All Useless!
No amount of semantics, histrionics or lies can make the Senate Democraps more relevant.
Not as rotten as your soul, Chuckie.

What a joker
What have you submitted for review to Trump that fix what's bad in Obamacare as it stands? It's crashing! What have you done @SenSchumer ???
Just like Obamacare #ThanksObama
PS Better Sex Better Health
As opposed to your monstrosity. Sometimes I wonder if you actually believe your ridiculous talking points and whether you care about America
Obama and the Democrats OWN OBAMACARE this is YOUR DISASTER NO ONE ELSES!
Unlike the lying conniving brain dead political hachs who passed Obamacare, GOP is at taking time to read & understand what is in their bill
It's not the reason were in the current mess we're in. That responsibility falls solely at the feet of the Dems, Obama & Obamacare! GOOD JOB
Let's adopt The Australia heath care plan.  Trump already said he likes it.
wheres ur bill? oh i forgot u voted for obama care u own it
just like u
No that would be you and your posse!  Losing has turned you into real creeps!
Obamacare is worse
Did you actually read the healthcare bill or did you take Pelosi's word for it again?
More nonsense from crying @SenSchumer #SchResign

And no amount of your complaining about it id going to fix it. So why dont you meet one on one with your great ideas
Schumer,  yoy are rotton AND corrupt to the core
you should submit an identical bill except remove taxes from the middle class and double taxes on billionaires and watch the R's have a fit
"Their".......more like "Your".  
Keeping Doctors comes to mind. 
Bet you still haven't read to see what is actually in ObamaCare...)
Said the political hack who has redefined and made a lucrative career out of being rotten to the core
We need Medicare for all
Were you looking in the mirror when you tweeted this? Upset because you are loosing all the $KickBacks$ that came from taxpayers?
Hows it feel having approval ratings in the teens, Cryin' Chuck? You are less popular than AIDS, lol. Soulless meat puppet, RESIGN! #TRUMP 
Better than yours!!
You should know that best after shoving Obamacare down our throats and lying to us for two years about it. Your hypocrisy is astounding!
lying? after 100+ of hearings and amendments by r's? aca was transparent and as bipartisan as it could be with an obstructionist gop
Because they had to begin with a rotten ObamaCare. GOP needs to let Democrat Obamacare fail. Stop trying to fix it
it wouldnt be failing if trump didnt break the govt's obligation to ins companies.
more excuses to support obamas greatest accomplishment
#Democrats are a waste of taxpayer dollars because they do nothing to help the American people.
Anything the #GOP comes up with is better than what the #Democrats  are doing which is nothing!!!! #RepealAndReplace
No sir. DUMBORATS like you chuckles, pellagra pelosi, warped warren and any other POS DUMBORATS ARE ENEMIES OF THIS COUNTRY. Please resign!!
@MEEggert I don't think Steve Jobs had anything to do with it.
Are you shitting me Chuckie, what about the Pelosi Bill.  You think that was a cake walk - got to pass it to find out what is in it?
Their Bill? Thanks for your help fixing it? Tell Soros hello you comprimised sellout
Press sec. gone .  At least Trump wine and dine before he f### you .  WOW ! Haven't they learned :  Bow and pledge loyalty .
IF I THINK OF MYSELF AS A MAN , THEN I WOULD NEVER BOW TO ANY OTHER MAN ON EARTH .
Quit with all the drama and get on board and fix it together! Geez you're like a bunch of kids. Get it done!
No chuckles YOU are rotten to the core!
And yours is going to crash, what legislation have you brought to the table to help? Anything, something, nothing. Your just a rude old man
Just like OBAMACARE, that you didn't read first!
Chuck, you should know, for everything that comes out of your mouth is rotten.
So why support an anti-democratic bill that doesn't allow boycott of Israel? I smell hypocrisy. I'll vote for yer primary challenger. 
Democraps r worried Repubs just may put out a successful health plan ! U can tell by their weeping & wailing ! Why listen to those LOSERS !
If the DEMS would quit stone walling this, we can get somewhere. NEITHER side can do it alone. THATS HOW WE GOT HERE! Your voters r watching
So your obamacare is greatest bill every passed by the dnc congress,to you maybe because you are exempt from it
Well he sure knows about rot ...he's obamas lacky..and we know how rotten that barrel of apples is.
How do people like you set on destroying America live with yourself? Seriously curious... how!?  @MaxineWaters same
Here you go again obstructing, criticizing and all because you don't want to do your job.  You are the worst. Ugh. 6 more years of you. 
Schmuck
and so is the person who rammed it through--pelosi and reid!!!
Time for Senators and Congressman to be forced to use Obamacare for healthcare.
This bill was never about  affordable insurance. It was alway about destroying Obama Legacy & hurting the poor.
No your Obamacare was and is''rotten to the core''.You and the Democrats along with Obama forced that SCAM of Obamacare on working Americans
Ditto Chuckie. You are the epitome of the movie character. New Yorkers can do better in the next election.
Schemer has heard "rotten to the core" so much by ppl when referring to him that it's now become his "buzz phrase! Swamp Rat!! 
You have a lot of gall.  You helped to create the "rotten" mess we're in, now you criticize!
No amount of "resistance" is going to make @HillaryClinton POTUS! You're an idi0t! GFY
You've lost the election, grow up and deal with it!
Day after day Schumer crys and whines.. try to unite for a change.. atually do something good.. stand by PRESIDENT.. Hillary lost move on
That's a dog whistle by the dems saying that they hate America. I sure don't hear any solutions coming from the dems. Just generalizations.
What's your fix? OBAMACARE doesn't work. Wasn't going to ever work and you knew it.
The only thing rotten is you and the rest of your rats
Maybe they want to see what it feels like to pass a democrat healthcare bill!
Then that makes you the devil.
It's the American people in the center
HEY CHUCK YOU SUCK
Like your soul....rotten at the core
It is JUST AS BAD as your shitty, penalizing, INSURANCE CANCELLING Obamacare, you defend one, hate the other? Hypocrite.
You, and the rest of the Dems are to blame for this abomination called #Obamacare. It stunk when you voted for it and you own it!
prices up; deductibles make ins. unusable;  companies pulling out. aca is rotten to its core.

As are you. Obstruction, lies and sedition 24/7. #Resign
Sounds like you are describing yourself!
Work together. 
Repair the ACA.
does resistance stand for ruin the country?
Like playing wack-a-mole. Wacko's keep popping up.
@SenSchumer life long grand stander. True Americans, that love this country know you would rather we fail than @POTUS be a success. Very sad
