Boy Scouts had to apologize to families due to his speech.  Trump is now saying Mexico called him and they are denying it. He's losing it#2
They were FLOWING out because of Obama and you Dems. !!!!!!!!!
That's great but the Dems need new marketing. That slogan is boring.
Democrats took jobs away in first place .dont be a fool twice
If you believe that why are we giving our jobs in America to illegals.  Don't make good sense.  Force companies to leave and threaten them!!
And what about trump and Fox set up that dead guy for robbing DNC so Russia looks innocent. He should be arrested.
I guess you have been sleeping for a while and just woke up, THATS FAKE NEWS.  Fox nor the POTUS created that.
Aren't you the tiniest bit embarrassed or ashamed that you are stealing someone else's campaign promises? Going to build a wall too?
A day late and a dollar short.  Oh wait, you have taxed the middle class out of existence
And Congress is getting a health care subsidy of 79% backdoored into a bill that has nothing to do with Healthcare Schumer lead the way
Should be called the worst deal because it's got Schumer's name attached to it
What plan is that give us some details
Trump is losing it or lying. He's saying boy scouts of America called him and told him how great he is. They said they never called him #1
Oh, finally... starting to see the light?!
Thank god we have Trump. He got us a strong economy, cut illegal immigration, housing is up, and welfare is down.
Ummmm. No. none of that has happened yet.
Stock market highest ever, home ownership highest in seven years, border enforced, lowest count of welfare participants in seven years
Correct.  Thanks Obama!!
All of of those things are the result of Trump you know current president for current results.
You and your croanies are the reason of hate in America. The demon-crats are a hate group.
Chuck. dems have taken everything Pres Trump is doing and ran on and trying to act like you have a new idea. More nonsense
If you have such a good idea about this, why dont you include the Senate Rebubs, and make it a great idea?
Too late. President Trump is bringing jobs to Americans. He is fixing our economy, Dow-2200 First time ever, letting more Christians in US.
How original. #MAGA
That's the opposite of what Bill Clinton would have wanted you to do. With NAFTA remember how many jobs at sent out of the country
Where have you been for the past year president Trump already has that under control you're a little late to the party
President Trump as already taken care of that problem, don't remember any help from you in last 8 yrs.
What crap is this? Did you just wake up and realize it is 2017?
So where was this plan 8 yrs ago when ur beloved obam was in office Why wasn't American jobs high on ur list Cause u really DO NOT care
You're a bunch of #hypocrites. Piggybacking on @POTUS ideas and presenting them as your own. #America sees thru you.
OMG!  Another exact one from POTUS. He has talked about this over and over. Stop trying to act like it's yours!!!
Lyin' Cryin' Chuck now supporting @realDonaldTrump's campaign. A little late for the #JokeOfADeal
Go dems. Take credit for all of POTUS hard work. You can say it but no ones believes it  your making a fool of yourself Chuckie boy again
Glad you are duplicating ideas from our President!
Yea just like last eight years?  Hypocrites
When we enforce our immigration LAWS & hire American citizens, when Americans dont think jobs are beneath them,  we will have a better deal
Senate Dems are the reason for it in the first place.
Okay. I started to watch. You are just adopting GOP talking points. Automation and productivity increases are the cause of American job
losses. We can't lie to people about that or Dems are no better than GOP. It would be better to have training programs that prepare people
for jobs to replace those they lost. It would be a better deal if corporations reinvested in their companies instead of sitting on profits.
It would nice if the Trump family would do the same. I can't believe that American workers elected a man who stabs them in the back everyday
You tweet storming like Trump!!!  Would love to be in your closed door meetings with Dems.  I think that you get it.  Lead in Congress!
Hey, that's what @POTUS has been saying. Glad you woke up.
Dems have been literally giving away America for years. Too little to late
I know a better deal,get behind our President
Trumps plan?
Tell us how your outrage showed when your party started instituting policies that allowed non skilled people into our country
When Trump says that you laugh at him. When you say it you're actually looking way to funny.
Copying GOP.....you honestly think us voters are that stupid?
Hey Crybaby, nobody believes that Democrats support the middle/working class. The Democratic Party is a $$$ parasite to the middle class.
as long as dems are taking big money from the special interest groups it's no better deal it's the same old shit
Chucky. you are repeating our great presidents words. Glad you are finally on board with us
How dumb do you think the public is--these are your ideas?
A better joke
You are copying just what Trump is doing!
Jobs flowed bc of Dem policies.  We're finally getting rid of those--a true better deal.
Jobs have been moving overseas for the last 60 years.  Don't be daft.
Dems have been shipping jobs abroad for 60 years?  Wow. Daft.
So how come you didn't do this under Obama? Why wasn't this Hilary's plan? You're a talking point fraud.
The DEM's have nothing.no new ideas.plenty of bad old ideas.
Hillary going to be a candidate again? You know it's her turn 
She's entitled
Democrats are trying to fool you for 2020. Don't be fooled.
Why did you not do this earlier
And the trolls are yakking.
This is what the Pres campaigned on and he WON! HRC had no plan other than being 1st female Pres Now u have a plan which is same as Trumps
Why the change in action now. I suppose u r for a boarder wall too.
Tooting ur own horn is much different than Americans footing it for u.  Dont separate a shoulder trying to pat urself on da back Chuckie
#CopyCat
why now ? this is been going on for the past 8 years under obama why now?
That's the same plan Trump was running on
About time!
Oh wait are them Dems now saying put America first wow where did they come up with that.
That nice.....after 8 years of ignoring it......
I'm with u. Let's build that wall
And you somehow believe this is good. Chuck, he has to go. Get some your Democrat friends in congress and senate to get the ball rolling!!
Don't do Facebook.
You have no plan same plan as past 30 years.
No thanks

POTUS: "You're going to see jobs are pouring back into the country. Factories and plants are coming back"
It's  automation...
Come on Schumer..i am ex-gop..give me more of a reason to vote dem than just my hatred of trump.
Your all a complete joke!
You're eight years late Schmucky.
Your trying to bamboozle us again Chucky. Dems are the party of open borders, one world govt, share the wealth. Your statement is a lie.
What? Aren't u the party that hates big business? You're the reason our jobs went over seas. Try working w/ rnc, quit pretending 2 care 4 us
Stop spewing false rhetoric, you guys destroyed the economy for 8 yrs., on top of creating poverty, welfare. Your voice is a total lie!
Senator, it would be best for the country if you would just stop tweeting and retire.
Wow, it's even worse than usual today! He must have stayed up all night writing down excerpts from 45's playbook.
All these investigations heading his way, he needs to look like he's on Trump's side.  It's damage control, and that's all.
wethepeople know THE truth now get out

 of Washington you are #FAKEAmerican

 #fakeRepresentive
Maybe you should have thought of that before November 8,2016 but now you care after getting your asses kicked
Dim wit dems had 8 years to make jobs better. Instead you passed crap that cut jobs and hours. We don't believe your bs.
You people are freaking insane! Now your trying to run on part of @POTUS platform!
It's called #americafirst - @realDonaldTrump has this under control
You always fought for the opposite. WE DON'T BELIEVE YOU!! #not fooled
The corporation of Education Is developing a generation of non thinking sheep.
Get rid of the unaffordable care act that is killing full time jobs and lower taxes for companies and they will stay. Higher taxes here.
Can we also take care of this chuck ?
Keep up to date .. she has stepped down from clothing lone
copy cat, copy cat… too late, it’s already taken care of.

I've never before seen anything like an entire planet eager to witness the release of presidential golden showers.

Quite epic indeed.
