@realDonaldTrump has still accomplished more in 100 days than you previous admin did in 8 yrs. And you know it.
Awesome! These hypocrites have got to go!
Schumer is the king of broken promises ... fact check me.
Dems do not want to help, this is politics for you that is all, Americans do not matter to you, it is the party only, #beaspokenotacog
Maybe instead of bitchin complaining & constantly throwing roadblocks up you might consider working with the Administration AMERICA voted in
Do not allow Trump to invite North Korea dictator to the White House!
Liar liar Schumer Botox is higher
#STFU
LOL. Unless you start compromising with him, you and the Dems could shut the government down again.  Elections have consequences.
Maybe if you were not there anymore; things would go better.
Pretty hard when your side aren't working for what the ppl elected and just obstruct
The only broken promises are from your side with your lazy contempt and obstruction.  YOu are in fact a clown, a lazy man who does NOTHING
You, sir, are the one that needs to change. You are wasting way too much energy on fighting The Winner.
Do you ever get tired of lying?
I don't need to tell you to keep going on Infrastructure. You should win that one. We need it desperately.
And just how the hell do you think Schumer will help? He has resisted everything since Trump took office just because Hillary lost. CRYBABY.
#liberals e worthless
He's done more good for this country than Obama or Democrats have done in 8 years. Go back to sleep, Senator.
Chuck, what have you done to help Americans? Nothing just like the last 8 years and 100 days. Change is coming in 2018...
Broken promises? I feel Obama lying about Iran Nuclear deal specifics are worse. His DOJ was upset about the terrorists we swapped out.
I said this all along. He'll get just enough shit done to be able to exaggerate and lie about, and his base will adore him. Shame on America
And by the way, you're a racist
BULL!!!  He has kept MANY promises and the others have just turned out to take longer..stop spewing your hatred
you and your party are whats wrong with this country, stop hating and stop fighting and try working together for we the people, but you wont
Why does POTUS need to make such a big deal about signing EO's? He doesn't understand what he's signing, so why bother? Ratings? #WTF
He spent most of that time trying to get his cabinet that you obstructed.....idiots!
@SenSchumer gloating over his consent to seeing this nation down spiral into chaos bcus his party is not in control-A RECKLESS POLITICIAN!
Listen Chucky boy you made stupid promises and never follow through that's why we're going to vote you out
You know the GOP has all of congress, right?
Yes I do but the Dems. Cry so much about what they want instead of working together. That's all they do is cry cry cry cry
Seriously? . Uh that would be master obstructionist Mitch McConnell+the do nothing congress. So now suddenly it's the Dems causing probs?
U look like Maxine waters sorry but she is the biggest idoit
Maxine W is for the ppl unlike GOP. Truthfully they don't want to wk with the Dems
prime exmple of that is the constant effort 2 repeal ACA. In all this time the GOP did NOTHING but "cry"/complain w/still nothing to show.
Jerk.
Hey UpChuck! What have u accomplished in senate?
Chuck your a jerk. Time bow out.
What have you done lately other than complain, Obstruct, And be bitterly butt hurt over the election? At least he's moving forward.
Schumer-You're a deceitful, deflecting, lying, obstructional hypocrite of lowest order Trump has kept promises. You Democrats OWN Obamacare!
Working families. Middle class. These are just pander points for you Senator. You care about special interests and race based politics.
All you've done is obstruct. Better start putting ALL Americans first, did you see the crowd at Trump's formely blue Pennsylvania rally?
In spite of your unprecented obstruction, Trumps created thousands of jobs, he's  doing a great job for Americans, you just don't like it.
No tax return, no tax reform! No ACA repeal or replace! Adopt continuing resolution for current budget. Hard stop.
No help from YOU
Democratic Party are preventing him from making America great again. The American people are not stupid. We see what you guys are doing....
Time for #ArticlesofImpeachment
Chuck we know ur Lyin!  Ur hate for our Presidentbis disgraceful, U create more supporters w ur lies, negative comments,lack of respect
Gorsuch
Democrats abandoned the working people 8 years ago. And will never ever get them back
You are still living in an alternative world.
Chuck your going to lead your loser left party to massive defeats everywhere but Manhattan and LA
Hey Chucky, did I tell you that SC Justice Gorsuch was confirmed? BOO YA! Also, did I tell you he is allowing drilling for oil? BOO YA!
Your not going to make a difference in the world with that load of crap you tell people. Bad Democrat.
Bullshit
Don't think you're being truthful, Chuck, Democrats have no intention of doing anything but obstructing and lying.
Agree with you Senator. #45 illegitimate President first 100 days Catastrophic Failure. Special Investigation of Russian Collusion Needed.
Lies & More Lies from ur lying racist mouth chuckle This President & administration has accomplished more in 100 days then ur beloved obama
yes chuck grow up be a man and help us middle class Americans who pay your damn salary & work yes work with Trump
The hate from Schumer runs very deep, Schumer never had working people in his plan, only himself.
Really you go out of your way to block everything that potus does then talk about broken promises 
You don't help Americans you're a traitor
Only 100 days?  Seems that we've been going through this for ten years!
Schumer, get real. Trump has done more in 100 days than you have. He gets no support from Dems. Guess what 2018 election is coming..
Chuck: Liar, master manipulator, actor, politician, and the best damn fertilizer for the tree of liberty
. And little sleep for the rest of us.
Blah blah blah
Schumer not an F grade..not even in class, moral dropout. ..can't deal with America's great WIN.. suffer together all you losers.
@SenSchumer It's funny cause you've been in NY a while and you've never followed through on fixing the @MTA #lirr drain the swamp
@Lawrence @JoeNBC @SpeakerRyan @maddow Now if the Speaker would just realize impeaching Trump by Day 200 would solve many problems.
Term limits
Chuck what planet do you live on? The President has done plenty in the last 100days. You haven't helped. Mr obstuctionist
Please explain. U lack evidence. He has gone back on all promises to middle class and coal miners safety & health.
You make me sick
While you do all you can to make sure that's the case, you nagging old woman...
Maybe you will have a heart attack from all your hate for Trump and the American people, for the good of the country.
Because Schumer is unwilling to do anything to help Americans that goes against his party. 
#TermLimits
What about you?? Stop stop stop your constant and ineffective babble that does NOTHING for our country.
Not that you helped do anything constructive... please retire.... yesterday.
#Backtoworksenator friggen clown faced pillow biter. LOL 
Thef¥€k you say. You and your band of drunken disrupters keep blocking, the next 100 will be the same. Hey, where is Big-O speaking at next?
Seriously don't think i can take it! Expect stress in personal life but worrying about USA is putting me over the edge!
Why does he show his signature like reading to little children being shown pictures it's so dumb
He will regret undoing @BarackObama work and @realDonaldTrump is not strong enough to handle this position he will quit.
I hope u r right, he should quit!
Shut Ewe'r Trap politician
The changes you @SenSchumer need to make is being a representative of the ppl rather than cutting down the @POTUS
Chucky, I'm very disappointed of you. Your policy of #resistance is nonproductive & stupid. You did nothing. Your grade: F-
#First100days
I see UR still Crying "Wolf" Much 2 Do About Nothing!!!!
we should let the government shut down.
#45 sure is getting good as Show & Tell.
Your legacy will be worse than John Boehner. All u r is an obstructionist jerk. Your spiteful jealousy of POTUS is apparent.
Did more than you in 8 years
You know Chucky there are 7 other planets you snowflakes can go to.
Count me out we're only going to hear negative things coming out of your mouth about our President.
Thwarted promises is more like it.

LIAR!!
And democrats obstructing! Why not work together toward common goals, huh?
Stop your jawboning and be constructive
If u did your job it would be nice.
From his point of view he works for 3 people: Me, Myself, & I
don't be so generous: no accomplishments, lots of confusion, lots of non existent facts, and lots of golf!
sorry Shmuck, I mean "Chuck", your lies only work in the ignorant.  We are well aware of his accomplishments.
One can only hope.
You're mistaking last 100 days with the last 8 years because that was broken promises, very few accomplishments and a train wreck Obamacare.
His success is driving you insane, isn't it Chuckie
Lock him up
Don't throw stones Senator.
What planet are you on Chuckie?
I'm waiting for day to work..
Chuckie unless you stop be a cry baby you're going to lose your job.
@CNN @MSNBC 45 great job pleasing himself,family,friends 1st 100 days.0 for  middle class.
Unless @POTUS' makes changes, next #100days will be like the first: #BrokenPromises & few accomps for working fams. https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2017/04/28/100-days-trump-abandons-working-families-charles-schumer-column/100990506/ …
Chuck... you and Nancy..... 2 negative peas in a pod !!!    SAD
And you will be unemployed. We the people promise you this.  Sore looser. How does it feel to be a  minority?
Hey Chuck - You,Pelosi,Warren,Sanders and Clinton are still back in the 60's - 70's!!Trump movement is light yrs ahead of you! WE THE PEOPLE
to bad your hatred is so strong it blinds you to the truth.Democrats don't care about  the people or this country.Middle class is ignored
Dems would know all about abandoning, they abandoned middle America long ago. Why they lose.
Lies
With any luck, the next 100 days will be his last.
WE KNOW EXACTLY WHAT YOU ARE DOING BEFORE YOU DO IT. YOU JUST NEED TO BE HONEST WITH AN OPEN MIND. A RARE THING IN AN AGENDA FILLED COUNTRY
TRYING TO KEEP AMERICA SAFE AFTER THE FACT BECAUSE THE SYRIAN PEOPLE DO NOT WANT TO COME HERE WHICH U KNOW BUT ITS UR LIBERAL AGENDA, RIGHT
I'm afraid they might be worse. We are a  nation & a world that is becoming very stressed by the "words" of POTUS & fearful of what may come
70% less illegals trying to enter the country isn't an accomplishment? Guess we know where your alligance lay
What about #trumprussia? Why hasnt congress & senate wrapped this up by now?!!
Could someone please stop him doing these signing sessions!
He can't change.  He is an empty vessel.
I NEVER SAW YOU SHED ONE TEAR ON 9/11 or ANY SUBSEQUENT NEWS OR SERVICE OF ANYTHING BUT FOR AN ILLEGAL/REFUGEE YOU WILL CRY, TIME TO GO, YES
...and the press still publishes this bullshit...until they scrutinize the democrats the same way they do Trump, nothing will change...
President Trump has passed 32 Bills, ACTUALLY SIGNED LAW To FIX THE VA NOT JUST HIDE IT BETTER, Right CHUCK? OVRHLD TAXS IN 40 U NOTHING
There in lies the problem. U r more concerned about avenging a loss than the American people. No surprise #Hypocrite #SchumerTears
Better than the last 8 years. Finally the end of an ERROR.
Chuck Schumer is an ass hole! He is working to destroy America! He needs to retire and we would have a good nation again!
Unless you get to work for NYS you won't be able to make comments any longer. We pay your salary, get to work as NYS IS A MESS. HELP US
Stop blocking his agenda that the country voted for. The "100 day" failure is you Dems
You're entire career has been nothing but one huge broken promise Schmucky!!!...how the hell do you even sleep at night??????
#brokenpromise
Stop the BS and go back to work or #retire
I see lots of Accomplishments, despite you Lefty's acting like 2 year olds...
Unlike you, he's made changes that effect real Americans.
All politicians do is shatter dreams of working Americans Illegals refugees are in good shape as I pay for them
When all is said and done, we will look back and wonder PBO didn't refuse to leave. Trump is destroying constitution. anyway.
TY Senator Schumer for your work!
And what has he done but lie to the American people! Doesn't even try to hide it.most people if they listen to him carefully will know
@SenSchumer what are you doing to keep NYers safe-allowing sanctuary for criminal illegals
You are the losers Senator.  Where's that "crossing the isle" we always hears about from you sir? Hmmm? No bc you think you still control us
Like I said John Kennedy was American patriot and you Sir definitely no John Kennedy.
The last eight years were complete failure on everyone knows it except those who drink your Kool-Aid
And none of it is good for America. You're at war with Donald Trump fueled by hate and jealousy
We're sick of you, Nancy, Obama, and Hillaryand your transparent propaganda. It's of use what you doing
In Congress inaction and obstructionism
If you think Trump is wrong prove it by supporting him and all of his policies fail and you can see we told you
Bring back the jobs of P31 and 40 bucks an hour you'll see some happy Americans
By the way minimum wage is not supposed to be a living wage it's entry-level job for a kid
Secure our borders bring back our businesses, and put us to work with real jobs
Give 90% of your money to the programs you believe in and lead by example
he could care less about working families. He just wants to get richer. #donthecon
It's about time you Democrats to get off your butts, get a job, and go to work, stop talking, get to work for us
HYPOCRITE, all 8 years of BHO and Reid were like first 100 days. No budget, no jobs and promises funded waisted.
Ask not what your country can do for you but I want you can do for your country.
Alaska a Democratic president John Kennedy said
But the Democrats to the nation they can't run a nation.
He's done more in the hundred days to did in four years
Do I see a chink in that armor Chuck? "A few accomplishments". Looks like we're trending in the right direction 
thanks to you chuck   Great job working for the people      But what people
Blah BLah same old thing same old stuff over and over Unless he does this or Unless he does that like he is suppose to please YOU? Right lol
Don't worry Chucky, on Obama's standard, Trump has 7 more years of blaming his predecessor.
Someone is full of crap sch. #Useless
I love how you and all you libiturds are always so positive
Some white people are butt hurt and this is why they defend Trump. Get over your butt hurt because other races are here to stay
Hmm the MINORITY LEADER  telling POTUS to change things. Think POTUS just saw that give Socialists and in the want a country. You Lost
Keep saying it and you might start believing  it. He has done a lot in his 100 days, but ur not accepting it.
Grandstanding for one!
Schumer, No other president has accomplished as much in such a short time.  Get with the program or move out of the way!
Uless National Socialists make changes they're going to be very uhappy with how they are perceived and VOTED OUT
Resistance is not a skill set...it makes you lazy. Step up or get off the train!
that's BULLCRAP and the swamp is swampy, because your still there.
Chucky the propagandist, clueless as always.Trump has accomplished more n his first 99 days than u or ur party of No! have ur entire career!
