Republicans may not realize what they've done but they will soon learn the error of their ways and the mistake they made. Count on it.
Thank Harry Reid!
They probably should because Republicans don't seem to understand how what they did could help the Democrats.
Please elaborate
Democrats now only need to gain 3 seats in the Senate to be able to put through their own nominee.
Didn't read your second tweet. I think they'll lose seats in the coming years
Who exactly?
The GOP will be defending just eight seats, while Democrats must fight for 23
Boo Friggity Hoo, move on already!  You need a tissue?
Give me a break They have no interest in governing for the benefit of the American people
You do realize that the American People elected Trump and gave him a majority in the house and the senate, right?
Um, no.  The American people voted for HRC by more than 3 million votes. The election was manipulated by Russia to install tRump!
Read the constitution. Electoral college elects the Pres. No evidence of Russia I,involvement. Look for another unicorn to chase
Another #tRumpkin lacking comprehension skills. Re-read my post to Mouse. Where did I say popular vote elects the president? Hmm, not there?
I think the "um, no" response to facts followed by the popular vote count gave everyone the misinterpretation of what you meant to say.
#GOPHypocrisy
let's respond to all of this nonsense with #GOPHypocricy
Dems have obstructed every action thus far by the trump admin. It's going to bite you squarely during elections.the people spoke nov 8
McConnell blocked Obama all the way and won! This is what's Dems must do to win! Resist all the way Chuckie!
lol. Look how many counties in the us the trump won. You think those counties aren't going to hold the dems accountable for the obstruction?
RESISTANCE IS THE ANSWER...THAT'S HOW GOP WON!
Elections have consequences. Hmmmmm who else said that?
Your calling someone partisan? Not like you. Your funny
what @GOP did was shameful and an attack on democracy. Cheating when #Trump lost by millions of votes
Trump lost popular vote by 3 million by Clinton and 7 plus million by voters for Stein etc. Lost by over 10 million votes. Spread word.
I would look at your fuzzy math this way - adding GOP, green party and libertarian votes HRC lost by 7 MM.  Pssst - spread the word 
voters picked HRC . Trump on a technicality(Electoral College).
Ok Chuck - you made your point - time to DO SOMETHING FOR THE USA - stop the partisanship & work with the GOP to move forward.  #termlimits
Please repudiate @SenMarkey and his ridiculous idea that democrats should restore filibuster whenever you're next in power. Thanks.
@chasmurphy813
Mr Smith has left Washington. Shame on you, Sen Schumer, for
abandoning civility & bipartisan compromise for political revenge.
Schumer is doing Hillary's bidding which is to divide America.
Ah the democrat party of no.
Resist!
They said let the people decide in a vote and the people did. They chose the other side and now your mad about it.
How dare they pull a "Schumer"!
hahahah!!!! Thanks to Harry Reid ! Nucleur option came in handy! Suck it up you old fool! "LIBTARD" YOU LOST!
Gop worse then 45? WOW being cruel & inhumane doesn't make you popular?
Didn't Democrats start this in 1987 Bork and with Clarence Thomas?  U tried in 2007 & failed. U disingenuous phony.
IT IS OVER! You lost again. Gorsuch is confirmed. Hillary is HISTORY. YOU are powerless thanks to Harry Reid! Country FIRST!
I hope Mitch get raped by a polar bear.

At least your Tweets are creative and amusing. Kudos for that.
A distraction from Russian investigation
Out foxed again by @SenateMajLdr. You lose again! Thanks @POTUS
Payback is gonna be a bitch! McConnell has sold out the Senate and the American people Just wait for the next Demo appt w Demo cntrld Senate
lets get back to the @RepAdamSchiff russia investigation and taking back the senate, the whole gop are liars and a disgrace
It is called precedent.
HAVE YOURSELF A GOOD CRY!
URGENT! 1st House Seat #election TUES in Kansas4th In state or not #Resistance DONATE, PHONE BANK, DRIVE VOTE! 2018 is now! #EverySeatCounts
Democrats should have never opened that door. Government overreach is bad every time. Something for everyone to keep in mind.
Boo boo senator. Get to work and stop crying over milk your party spilled first
@SenWarren Did Mitch McConnell agree to push Gorsuch through in return for his wife Elaine Chao's appt as Sec of Transportation?
Good
you are just awful.  I hope we get term limits soon.  Reid started so-called nuclear option. Duh!
Do you guys really think we forget all the stuff Democrats have done in the past? We have the videos. Stop your lying!
#Democrats are outsmarted, outmaneuvered, time to lick the wounds and get to work for #Americans, for what u were elected, #MAGA #USPolitics
McConnell is the biggest hypocrite after 8 years of obstruction he orchestrated.
All I can say is the GOP has & continues to out message the democrats. Given the nut in the WH I find this fact incredulous
There goes @SenMajLeader trying to see how low he can get to go under the pole! #TrumpRussia
GET OVER IT! GROW UP SENATOR.
@SenMajLeader insert Garland for Gorsuch and @GOP for Dems and that's @SenMajLeader strategy for 8 yrs. he ruined our democracy
J.C. They are all #$@%& hypocrites. Unfortunately The Base doesn't read WaPo to be reminded of this.
If all you are going to cater to is the far left of your party and obstruct everything then sixty votes for legislation should be abolished
Funny, the DEMS show respect to Scalia but disdain for Gorsuch even tho their views are similar. Their Hypocrisy shows but they don't see it
Stop it and move on. You Senator are an obstructionist stuck in party loyalty that supersedes the American people's needs. Please resign.
Once again Mitch proves he clearly has no ethical boundaries.
Harry Reid started it. You supported it. You reap what you sow. Stop whining
Don't fear nuclear option. Embrace it.  Dems is showing courage and conviction. Stay on on topic. Midterms will be gop worst nightmare
Ironic that GOP can sell a pedigreed Western elite as protective of the rust belt.  Get ready to freeze, truckers.
How far back in time do you wish to go? Bork?
Get over it
It's not about who started the resistive behavior, it is the eagerness each party continues it while calling the other hypocrites. Stupid.
Mitch is a mess. He really needs to step aside
President? Nothing but be disrespectful hateful and vindictive since he took office I'm ashamed of the democrats of our country for actions

That is because YOU made them not to vote for him so don't whine about it and by the way what other job do you do besides going against My
Heed Senator McConnell's advice. Independents are watching the DEMS self-destruct.
This creep has to go.
You forgot what the Dems did in the past?
Chuck & the Dems should be honest to American public. Dirty Harry Reid started all this when he took nuclear option
All those Democrats who voted for Trump's nominee would be voted out next year. Mark my word!!! The people are angry.
Working together aka little brother gets to point at big brother while stepdad allows it. Fucking losers. OOOOH wait till 2018....
So that makes It right for you to act like highschoool kids and get even ? Way to look out for the country . We need to dump all of you
Schumer, this is only the first one of your Obstructionist losses, if you continue your childish ways.

Congratulations!  It's so great when the Democrats behave in a bipartisan manner under your wonderful leadership. Huge!
About time.

And the great divide all started in 2003 w Harry Reid, partisanship has been the downfall of Congress.
The republicans are hypocrites
Why aren't any of you doing anything to stop this lunatic? Now its N Korea? DO YOUR JOB!!!!!
Blah blah blah
5 @SenSchumer @Saya_relativity @SCOTUSnom @washingtonpost 4. they're displaying.What's next? Will Putin's name be on the next ballot?
@Saya_relativity @SCOTUSnom @washingtonpost 4. at the protections that Congress had in place to prevent the very bullying that
3. asking for lists of names. They are changing laws to suit their agenda&chipping away
@Saya_relativity @SCOTUSnom @washingtonpost 2    coup taking place in our country. Changing laws stripping away our privacy,
@Saya_relativity @SCOTUSnom @washingtonpost 1 I am so enraged at the way the GOPs bullied their way of this.They are part of the
Keep resisting I love winning.

wasn't that by citing a clear view from VP Biden on this issue of election timing?
Time for McConnell to get out of Congress
You're shockingly moronic.  If ONE Repub and ONE Dem like something, it has bipartisan support...that is meaningless. Hack.
You know what it's called when the majority blocks a SCOTUS nominee?  What it's NOT called is "consent"..a MAJORITY opposed Garland.
obstruction gains no progression! Your state needs to replace you!
We are not blind @SenateMajLdr You are the villain in Washington for past 9 years. You are not a great leader, nor good. #karma
They change the rules to benefit them and take our rights away.the founding fathers didn't want this.we have to fix this
Gorsuch is going to turn out to be a mistake That's why he ducked so many questions.
Are U, Warren and pelosi were invited to next Monday the sworn of the next judge named at the Supreme Court by our President Donald J Trump?
I demand you people do your job and impeach that sob B4 ww3 breaks out! I'm not the only American enraged over this cabinet!Enoughs enough
Geez, it's just like they are taking pages out of a Dem play book.......boohoohoo....
in the future Democrats will make Mitch rough the day.
God bless our new judge
BEING A DEMOCRATE IS DEADLY
#SethRich wasn't the only casualty that was about to testify! He was the Whistleblower at the DNC! Bernie Supporter 
No, McConnell, you'll reap what you sowed w/evil you've done. God will make sure. You're not honorable & dont deserve to be called senator.
The American people voted for conservatives very justices
McConnels and @GOP hypocrisy is stunning

McConnell preaching about "working together" is pure hypocrisy--no integrity
You lost it all Jew Boy!!! You assumed you would hold power. YOU LOST!!  Your butt buddy Harry Reid threw down the gauntlet. Sorry Chucky
Sucks to be a member of the losing party, doesn't it Chuck?
Evidently rules and laws don't apply to these guys. Can't wait to vote them out!
When Democrats have power they destroy the country, steal our liberty, legislate through a corrupt jurist, and flood our country with hate
All we need is for Trump to be impeached, take back the senate and Hopefully the house  and pray, the Justices all live. Can we do that?
He changes his tune so fast you can't even keep up with the song. Fool.
McConnell lesson 4 children: If at 1st U don't succeed, lie/cheat/steal & if needed, change the rules
I do not want just more done, Mitch--I want better done
Mitch is a rotten bastard. Keep resisting anything and everything they want. Remember that Boehner said the same thing about Obama. #Resist
Mitch McConnell only wants his way that's it and he will bend any rule to get his way. He never "works together" it would kill him
Good for them. Have you voted yes for anything since Pres Trump took office?
Well, it's clear GOP has no problem revising history. I hope Dems never go to the dark side of the ahistorical.
Hmmmm deja vue? American's recall Harry Reed doing this too many times to count when dems held Senate majority. One word - - KARMA!
What do you know about working together McConnell?You all should be ashame the way you treated President Obama.Everything was no,no,no,no,no
Chuck u must be getting d and forgot Biden set the rule stating no  scotus confirmations once the political season has begun,u make me sick!
Data absorbing. He said she said. rabbit season duck season. lame duck. neutral blame game!
@GetBZLiving @SCOTUSnom @washingtonpost too little too late Mitch McConnell. Your agenda is dead
@SenateMajLdr you are right! The Dems should have gone "nuclear" on you. Instead, they allowed your fungus to flourish instead of eradicate.
The nation needs to get rid of the turtle by voting him out of office.  He is one despicable dude.
Need a decent US Customs Lawyer near Montreal, CA. Can anyone help?
No "working with" @GOP- want Dems onboard to claim bipartisan support & share blame when goes bad. They are extremists ignoring Constitution
HYPOCRITE!
We will remember your obstruction
@SenateMajLdr and your unwillingness to #DoYourJob
This is why your approval rating is only 23%...

Stop whining and try winning an election
Senator Schumer let this guy know he's not the little prince by a long shot. He's already planning Utahs next Senator Can he nuke the vote?
This whole thing has been horrible. McConnell deserves a special place in hell.
Elections have consequences.
are you referencing Garland?  The Biden Rule applied.
As Tony Soprano would say, Let's acknowledge the 500lb elephant in the room.  McConnell has to go if you want a functional senate.
Crying Chuck , you need win the election after all! Last time Dems in majority , behaved the same way.
How  can you even look at MM?  His behavior is horrifying and allowing this to happen a tradegy. HAVE to get the Senate back!
The Democratic Party is becoming irrelevant. Suggest you start leading and stop the political non sense.
Out with McConnell.  He wouldn't know compromise if his life was at stake.
McConnell must be fought every inch of the way on everything, and this is coming from the middle of the true political spectrum #marblemouth
Mitch McConnell a true leader this week. Not loud, polite, with manners. True Senator who delivered!
Mitch McConnell gave All of YOU noticed. There's a Supreme Court Justice today for American citizens.
Absolute hypocrisy
Can't wait till @SenateMajLdr reaps what he has sown!  Kentucky residents you should primary him. He's a bitter old man, party over country
Can't believe this obstructionist senator ever had the balls to say that...wait, I can. He's he biggest ass in govt. Except for #45, Ryan!
Is McConnell becoming senile?  He sounds like. democrat from 2015. Clearly living in a bubble of delusion. Sad.
McConnell should go to jail. Look at his financials no padding there! will die knowing his legacy is changing the rules mid game, cheating!
Still sour grapes? Trying to get Garland in was unprecedented. Kennedy was a plan b for Reagan let the same scenario. #ApplesAndOranges
RESIST
Does he not understand that we know what he's done?  So blatant #unamerican
Might take 30 years but the Supreme Court will eventually tilt left, like the country as a whole.
Mitch did the right thing,Obama should never had picked garland, he did it to cause trouble
"They get more done by making or breaking rules to customize the government to their own needs" - not a democracy.
This from the man who obstructed everything Pres Obama put forth for 8yrs & gloated about it. How does he even say it with a straight face?
There are very few tweets from you that are not obviously from a sore loser. You are only obstructive, not constructive.
you just did the same exact thing! Hypocrite.
Check your history, Chucky
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!!! For all the blocking you did to Obama!!! Shame on all of you!!!
#imwithher murdered Seth rich!!! Your a globalist. #swampwater
Oh stick it up your nose, McConnell. Those of us on the left aren't going to shut up, you Master if Obstruction.
The reap what they sow.
If Capital Hill shifts, a hard law of 60 votes needs to be passed after the next Justices are replaced.
Chuck find something else to yammer about. You are a broken record. And you complained about how much POTUS TEWWTS!
Tweets
