No Obamacare is the nightmare. No socializing medicine. You failed the people- own it
You are on Medicare! Socialized Medicine.
FYI I am not on Medicaid
Didn't say you were, but you look like you are on Medicare or close to it.
Medicare is Sicalized Medicine, also bet you love your Social Security!
Lmao I don't get social security either so I suggest you talk about something you know about.
"Unless you're a perfectly healthy millionaire, #Trumpcare is a nightmare."

You couldn't have put it in a nutshell any better than that.
It's only a nightmare because cnn told you it was , you dont even know whats in the bill except what fake news tells you
If DT had anything to do with it, "nightmare" could be the only appropriate word to describe it.
P.S. That "fake news" BS is getting old.
Whats old is blaming trump for russia hacking when it was killary Clinton's private illegal server that got hacked and you guys condone it
OK - I'm honestly not interested in listening to you recite Trump's talking points. Save it for the kids at school.
All you snowflakes do is wake up, turn on clinton news network (cnn). And bash trump and you have no idea why. Brainless sheep 
He will be around for 8 yrs get use to it 
Whats wrong schumer, gotta buy your own insurance now? Wait until we introduce term limits on scum bags like you.
We could do the same from many GOP Senators!
Term limits for all, both sides career politics who fill their pockets with blood money 
BS. ACA kill the insurance for the working middle class, it is the nightmare.  Sell our manure pile to the brain dead.
Chuck schemer is a nightmare
SO IT DOESN'T AFFECT YOU THEN CHUCKIE. 
I'm not a millionaire, and my Obamacare sucks.
What? You're a nightmare! E gads!
It even rhymes 
.@GMA .@WGNMorningNews
The same CBO who was wrong on the ACA numbers chuck, that CBO??  The CBO is a joke and waste of time and money.
CBO was 100% wrong about Obamacare in 2010
They weren't. As someone with preexisting conditions, I've saved $35K over 4yrs thanks to protections and CSRs in the #ACA.
Aren't you the lucky one - I guess my prems are helping you get better coverage - communism at work
Are you spending 55% of your income? Are you shelling out $1,203/month for a med you need to function until you reach a $5,000 deductible?
So unless you've been in a situation where you are priced out of a product you NEED to live, you're argument is awfully petty…
It's petty of me to not want to pay for your healthcare wow
I had a brain tumor removed 11yrs ago. It's selfish and short sighted to not recognize that tomorrow morning you could wake up with cancer.
That's why I pay 17k a yr for crappy ins - for the off chance I do get cancer - that's what ins is for
You seem to be a millionaire and do not use the services that Working American families have to use.
Obamacare cost skyrocket but I have insurance that doesn't mean I have healthcare! I can't afford the deductible a-wipe
Sorry, Chuck, but it doesn't make any sense to have insurance you can neither afford to pay for nor use. Obamacare is THAT kind of insurance
And you are a crook
Well Chuck an audit will show you up as one of those millionaires who has always had great insurance coverage while others suffered.
Chuck, We in upstate New York do not consider you our representative. Please keeps your comments to the local NYC press.
Obama care is destroying small business.  Please stop being so partisan
As if anyone has coverage now, with premiums rivaling house pmts & deductibles that will never be met, for plans that good docs won't take.
I can verify. I paid hundreds per month per person w/ $6500 deductible per person. Plus paid 100% of every Dr. visit. #swindle
No one saying it doesn't need to be changed. Penalizing sick people&women not answer. Insurance companies&hospitals r problem
Nah the biggest problem with the American health insurance market is the lack of interstate competition.
No Biggest problem is shareholders r allowed 2 make bank off people's health w/out doing anything(unlike drs who study 10yrs&dont make much)

I love it.  Perhaps he will find his and Pocahontas's as well.
CBO score was awesome! Over $100B in savings & returns freedom of choice to all Americans.
And it was cheaper to pay the penalty than have insurance. So how does/did the mighty Obama healthcare benefit the average middle class
Under Obama care my insurance rates rose 70% with No copay but a deductible of 3500. My mortgage is less than the monthly premium
Like #Obamacare raising premiums on the middle class by over 20% on average? LMAO. Typical politician. SAD!
Satisfactory
Why would you care since politicians that voted for o care weren't required to same downfall insurance plans? https://www.google.com/amp/thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/healthcare/326384-congress-should-end-its-exemption-from-obamacare%3Famp …
Wonder if Democts making money off of Obamacare?
ABA is the nightmare. .why'd you exempt yourself if it's so wonderful? You signed without reading. That's not how you represent people
Or a senator..why don't you and congress use Obamacare? Bc it's shit healthcare and you know it..
Or a democrat
so why aren't the Dems all Signed up for it!!!!
Cut spending
Then you have no worries, right Mr. Schumer?
YOU AND PELOSI ARE THE NIGHTMARE YOU DONT WORK! ALL YOU WANT IS MEDIA ATTENTION  YOU DON'T FIX ANY SOCIAL PROBLEMS. USELESS THE BOTH OF YOU
Don't you get tired of trash talking all the time?You get paid to Go to work to fix problems. All you do is talk crap in front of cameras!
Well, you're a millionaire.  Are you healthy?
You should be fine but the smucks that voted for you are fooked
Obamacare is also a nightmare. What happened is your party pulled an Enron to make it look like it wasn't.
CBO corrupt as day is long.... just like chuck
Senator Schumer, you hit the nail on the head!
EVERY TIME THE GOP GETS A CHANCE TO FIX "IT", "IT" TURNS TO SHIT! THEIR HEALTHCARE BILL SUCKS, THEN THEY TRY TO JUSTIFY IT WITH LIES. BS!!
Then you come up with a solution
The CBO never gets anything right ever Obamacare is tanking all over the country and you know it
Or a congressman......   Be realistic. Current healthcare is not sustainable or affordable for Americans or America.  #healthcare
Lies Schumer u mean Obamacare. U want single payer admit it !  DJT should just let YOUR Obamacare run out and then you explain what happened
You ,my frie d, are THE NIGHTMARE,!
U SIR R THE NIGHTMARE!  A wasteful career politician caring only about himself and his pocketbook...shame on u!
Another lie!  Pattern here, swampy.
CBO is inaccurate
nonsense, CBO wrong Obamacare, wrong on current plan, market solutions best, not govt control mandated prog.  #Demlies
U must like attention. So sad that u whine & spread ur lies & hateful rhetoric as a dem, not as a person who can see past ur self. Pathetic.
EVERYTHING you have said is PERFECT..and RIGHT ON POINT! However..what you leave out is...you don't tell AMERICA that you're describing ACA!
I'm not a millionaire and Obamacare is a nightmare to me. Outrageous premiums for policies with $5000+ deductibles = unusable insurance!!!
If you like your Dr. You can keep your Dr.....realllllly
False. I hope you get sued for lying.
Funny how the CBO score was a guess with the Obamacare rollout. Your words.
We have 2 pricing mkts. Employer & Individual. Pool together folks in BOTH markets to drive down costs. Insurance Co's playing a got ya game
CBO was wrong about Obamacare!! Why should we believe those hacks??
How about Obamacare? Premiums up 100%, Blue Cross is leaving so what is your replacement? You're just an obstructionist.
Interesting to see how many people responding to schumer here have exactly five followers. Trolls abounding because real people don't agree.
Not as bad as Obama care which is almost dead.
Chuck you and the democrats are the nightmare.   Stop wasting  tax payers money and retire
Agree with u Sen. Schumer. We need you to help American people
stop crying. Why would anyone believe you ? All you do is cry about everything Trump does.  Grow up Schmuck 
No u & ur dem pals created this nightmare with obama care America has awakened to ur lying self serving words U & the whole dem party
I agree, senator. the only logical alternative to combat #Trumpcare is #SinglePayer Universal Healthcare for all. will you fight for that?
Fake news. That is not what it says. What happened to you? Where is the old Chuck from Kings highway?
"Comic book Villian" describes YOU perfectly Mr. Schumer.I don't believe one word you say, but I do support and trust our President! MAGA 
The CBO score for OCARE was spot on- WRONG. Just need common sense.
what would you call most govt programs, oh swami?
Don't for get you as well
So stupid - just keep failing Obamacare - then no one will get care since no insurance companies will participate - foolish!
Schumer's the 1st baby boomers
Then show us how to fix Obamacare, stop making excuses
So, how is Obamacare doing? We could not keep our doctors or plan. We didn't save $2,200/yr. No one selling on exchange. Great job Chuck!
1/2 Let's not forget their mentor and "The Art of the Deal". Unless @Americans object (loudly), @SenateGOP will spread #Obamacare.
2/2 Either they pass something close to 1st draft or claim it's a negotiation starting point, and still pass something very harmful. #NoACHA
Please get creative in your opposition!
The simple, astonishing truth.
Pesky CBO SCORING!! Trump is a self serving lying piece of crap and must be indicted, and whole Trump admin must GO! Before he destroys USA
@DTrumpExposed how many Trump associates have had illegal or lied under oath re Russian contacts? That's a criminal offense and your DONE!!
@congressorg @realDonaldTrump now Sessions had Contact w/Russians? Are you that stupid to think you untouchable? Your not so Start packing!
Hey it's only one million less! Is that a yeah? And so what? Kill the Trumpcare Bill now! Sessions contacts with Russia & lying under oath!
Face it your a phony hypocrite! If a Democrat wrote it you would be cheering. You have no credibility. No one believes anything you say.
There is no such thing as Trumpcare idiot...only a failed Obamacare!  And yes Obama named it such!
So you have ACA Senator?
Then let's keep Obamacare just as it is since you and Pelosi keep defening it. You and the Dems own it.  @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @POTUS
Schmucky's lips are moving again, so here come the lies.
Think about your grandchildren paying for your spending sprees. You are horrible. Trillions in debt makes us like Venezuela stop it
And so is Obamacare that YOU forced down our throats WITHOUT even reading it first.  Shame on you and all Democrats. @realDonaldTrump
What do YOU care Mr. Government Insurance.  Your insurance policy is by leaps and bounds better than even the 1%/.

You're a nightmare.!!
Don't you ever tire of the lies you spew?
Like you?
U sux!  And did I mention a huge loser.  Mid terms will not be kind to u and your twisted ideology.
People we can't let this go. We need answers...
The revelations about patriot Seth Rich just keep banging on the Clintons’ door.
You sir are the #nightmare!!! 
I think the cbo was horribly wrong on Obama care but now you have faith in it? This is why in 2018 will be another landslide
BS!  I couldn't even afford Obamacare!
Couldn't possibly be worse than what I paid for ObamaCare. High premiums, high deductibles, shitty care. #ThanksObama
Again have you seen the plan or as all D's the R ashamed of you
I get disability social security and obummercare shot my premium up sky high plus paid lots more for meds. Liberals suck!
You are a nightmare. You need to start working for the people instead of your self. Stop the obstruction and propoganda and join us
So was Obama care
Your Obamacare is going broke causing people to die
Get the "mafia wanna be's" out of WH, PLEASE. The rest of us would've been arrested already! Young people are going to take over come 2018.
Well thenUr safe arent you?!Ur slum folk don't like Ur insurance either!Get a grip on reality!Because it's a Dem thing doesn't make it good!
what's perfectly clear is CBO is always wrong on everything they do,what did they say about ACA?how's Obamacare working out?
Bull shit, nice try is that all you got, scare tactics?
that is hilarious and so true! Still laughing 
That's a LIE!
Obama care is collasp under bad leaders like you chucky.
Chuck. We want you to pass it before you read it! Remember that one!  Obama care CBO Score; must of been a doozie! #chucksforchuck
Omg crying Chuck you need to relax...it's time for you to move over and let some new blood in there.
The majority of Americans want universal health care. If democrats take back control of house and senate, they need to push for THAT.
Over exaggerator! Why aren't you acknowledging how Obama care is imploding???
Sir, please stop the petty fear mongering... be more poised in your comments. It's simply unbecoming of a Senator. Ratchet discourse up. Wow
so  our broke? you dont work get your lazy ass to work high n mighty
Well, then you have nothing to worry about. Typical hysterical #liberals.
Heck Senator, Obamacare is hurting many of us poorer ppl with high premiums & deductibles
#DumpCare
Even if a healthy millionaire gets cancer or serious illness, this could potentially wipe out their savings.
ACA is great for me & thousands I signed up for it. Make it better & force states to accept the expansion.
what do you call the 70% that dont pay the bills on obama care under the aged of 35
Any healthy millionaire can become a cancer patient in a second. Even though they could pay themselves, it kills them to part with pennies.
When you're voted out for Criminal Anarchy,  we will enjoy God's blessings to those who honor Him above all else. Praying for USA and truth.
WealthCare
So it will help you
How will you fix the unaffordable care act?
You're a swindler and thief
You're a nightmare.
We don't want socialism! 
We don't want more government!
You've fd up enough stuff!
And you are one of those millionaires
Keep smokin it Upchuck.
You are a fake corrupted person
I'm willing to try something else .
look what Obamacare has done to us.
Schumer, show us the proof that it's going to be worse than ObamaCare
Just keep tweeting how evil Trump is and distracting the world from all the great things he's done in the last few days! Obamacare was a jok
But you're ok, right Chuck?
True! AMA went after middle class Americans & made them choose shelter vs healthcare monthly. All please try again!
God forbid the world know the truth about Obama care!You are scared to death of trump succeeding and proving  that you and Obama are liars
@RandPaul no, wrong again it shows people will B off their current plan, period. Until a new option is created by Senate, they will hv ins
You mean Obamacare right cause no one can afford it. But why would u really care u got gov insurance Ur insurance should be the same as ours
I just lost my insurance because of Obama care you liar! Spread more lies and try to tear trumpcare apart with your BS!! Aetna is gone !!
Fear mongering Chuckie Boy continues to cry foul and obstruct everything POTUS does. Try coming up with some plans to help America.
and you are as full of shit as a Christmas Turkey.
Obamacare works great for my son and Grandson!  Low cost! #California Great care under @KaiserFamFound
You and your friends are the nightmare schmucky
Remember Berne Madoff went to jail for a pyramid scheme senator? Think the people should look into that
Lol as compared to having no ins  companies to choose from so you have NONE senator? A ? Sir. Why is it you and congress aren't on Obamacare
I mean, it's good enough for us, it's good enough for you. Time to pay the piper Senator. Time to answer to ur constituents. Why r u better?
Last two months of my mother's life was dependent on Medi-cal.
For profit health-care is oppression
Its hasnt even passed yet u moron. U had 8 years to lmprove Ojackass care an didnt do squat
Do u have a better idea Senator obstructionist ?
Seriously Chuck balance a budget! Reduce the Debt! Do something besides lie.
