Opioids are destroying our island. #pleasehelp
Plus we need rehab and chances at recovery.  Fund healthcare don't deny care.
Cannabis CBD cut's Opioid use by 25% where Medical Cannabis is legal!
Sad that you have not even mentioned the horrific MS-13 teen murder tragedy on L.I.  Kind of works against your open border narrative.
The MS-13 problem is growing&it's right here at home. It really sucks when politics gets in the way of doing the right thing. Shame on you!
The answer isn't more law enforcment, legalize all drugs to combat cartels & gangs & focus on rehab, education & economic stability
PLEASE STOP TRUMP FROM STARTING WAR...TRUMP RUSSIA FBI CIA GOING TO BLOW UP VERY SOON...PLEASE GET CONGRESS TO STOP HIM NOW!
But that erodes your base of oblivious voters that believe socialism is the ticket to survival. You are just an opportunistic lying pimp
Look spot, I can read
Where have you been the last 40 years Senator? You are another Hillary - all talk all politics.... 
How about you let the local LEOs investigate the opioid problem on Staten Island and get back to fixing federal problems?
Everything is about spending with you! How about showing a plan that will work including treatment before putting your hand out
Finally.
1st take down rush limbaugh. That's where this all started. He got a slap on the wrist. Many of these strung out people follow him.
You always agree Schumer you fraud on USING more taxpayer monies. You never had an issue you didn't want more tax payer money for. Pathetic
Well your losibg miserably.
Staten Island voted Red #CantFixStupid Will opioid program help SI? #StopIDC #Racists
FAke crying Schumer.
Grow up its time to accept the fact and support the elected president.
U can start by unloading that large bank account u have for use in the opioid crisis. Mr. Do-nothing but talk BS.
#TERMLIMITS
I vote in NY.  You need money for everything.
Yes because we can't hold individuals responsible for their stupid decisions and must find someone else to blame
Starting with you. Sometimes I wonder what kind of drugs you are on
Someone needs to stop Trump from deciding over desert to drop bombs on countries/people. He is an idiot with new found power.  Temper him
Amazing how it's important to you now why didn't you do anything the last 8 years. It was a photo op that's why you were there.
Hello its SIMPLE here's the solution - vote to seal off the southern Mexican boarder from illegals bringing the drugs in the first place!
Where were you for last eight years?
Why now after all these yrs are you concerned?  Because President Trump has shed light on the problem?  Lame....
Chuck your probably high right now aren't you?
Then vote For the wall Chuck. Stop making it easy to bring that shit into the country to kill our kids.

DUH @SenSchumer
Chuck, what part of no Fed funding for sanctuary cities did you not understand?
WHY spend needless $$$ on an investigation. STOP OPIOIDS NOW!
"Investment"  democrat term for Government hand-out & tax increases.
It's time you start fighting for America instead of fighting against president Trump he is our elected president
Poor Chucky the Clown, pity the fool....
If you want to fight the drug war on opiates you should start with the Mexican border and then go from there
Bigger Priority: Get Trump out of White House. Once he starts WW3, opiods are the least of our concerns
There will be no WW3.
Contrary to your believe not all Americans want illegal immigrants in this country we have laws and you should follow them to
Finally something we can agree on. But you need financing. However if you continue to fight Against President Trump You may lose some
Stop pill mills and docs from dishing meds hand over foot and stop GOVERNMENT and BIG PHARMA pushing MEDS and atop CIA FROM RUNNING THRU MEX
So you finally woke up to opioid crisis Chuck, now wake up the Islam law and its dangers, and illegals draining our system of funds.

Well if you would not have left them alone this would never have happened, but leave it to the Dems w/oh now its a problem
No investment in greater NYC and surrounding areas
Spend money, that's always Dem solution even if it fails to help
But you don't mind illegals coming across? What do you think many are carrying? What is your IQ? Jeezz!
Sort of like closing the barn door after the cows have escaped...Need borders closed first!
Build the wall to hinder drug trade.  An ounce of prevention.
Hey Chuckles a Wall on the southern border would help... Check into it.
Get to work Chucky.
Typical liberal speak -- "Federal Investment" = Blow through millions of taxpayer dollars to make us feel good about ourselves.
It's a good thing that Trump has already added more border agents long before you suggested it.
If you worked with @POTUS maybe he can help get the job done!
Our President certainly doesn't need that piece of shit and his sidekick, Nancy, to get a damn thing done!  NOTHING!!
Only after Trump made it a campaign promise & laid out his plan in Oct 16 before the election! Dems r Always late to crisis they created ugh
You won't get it while you allow #sanctuarycities to exist in your state. Time to choose - Fed funding or illegals. You decide.
I'm sure a huge bandaid will be involved. God forbid we get to the root of our problems.
Comment on Afghanistan?
Nothing to comment on. BOOM! That's it, party over.
RED TIE, RED HAT=Donald Trump=USSR FLAG=Putin=SPY=MAKE RUSSIA GREAT AGAIN. Wake up America!! SPY in the Whitehouse.
Two photo ops in one day. Way to go Chuck
Keep busy with doing nothing you fool.

LOVE IT 
To fight the opioid crisis in general, you'll need to take a long hard look at predatory pharma.
Senator Schumer at hard work for Americans. GOP should be watching our Senator right here. Mcconnel is probably still in bed with gorsuch
What are you smoking?
Can't we just concentrate on the 3 Trump investigations so the gov isn't spread too thin that it doesn't get the attention it needs?
