To my Democratic colleagues: your determination to protect health care was a sight to see. I'm so proud of our work.
I am too. Now pls get going on legislation that is of the people, by the people, and for the people. And not of, by, and for Big Money.
To everyone who called, tweeted, emailed, and raised their voice in any way: thank you. Your stories matter. They matter a great deal.
Keep standing with us senator.... we need you now more than ever.
The work is not over yet, we need single payer. It's time to join the rest of the world. #peopleoverprofit


But we are not celebrating. We are relieved--for the millions of Americans who can keep their insurance and breathe a little easier.
"Not celebrating" involves Comrade Schmucky Chucky and Comrade Fauxcahontas taking a victory selfie.
At least they didn't throw a Rose Garden keg party...
Or sing a folk song from the 1960's!
Now, it's time for the Senate to come together in a bipartisan way to fix the problems that exist in our healthcare system.
This should fix it at least  for we the  people
We can stabilize the markets through funding cost sharing reduction & creating reinsurance programs, which keeps premiums, deductibles down.
Single payer... now!
No, it didn't. Why don't you inform yourself on what did before forming opinions and spewing nonsense?
We should sit down and trade ideas with our Republican colleagues.
This is how the Senate works. This is 'regular order.' We can work together. We will. Democrats are ready to sit down & improve our system.
YOU LOST , WHAT A GREAT, UNBELIEVABLE FEELING !
But, health care is not the only issue that needs bipartisanship. Taxes, infrastructure, and more are on the horizon. We must come together.
Dems help Russia by "resist", obstruct, undermine & weaken US. Dems r war-hawks talking out of both sides of mouth. Want US govt 2 fail.
Go. To. Hell.
you are such a mench and viva la resistance 
you should go on stephanie millers show
Don't lose the momentum ask committee of senators to get to work right away and as much as it hurts ask the president to
I hope ur working behind the scenes to convince Collins, Murkowski, Heller to leave the GOP and join D's. Am I only one to think of this?
So your happy and your followers. Why? This is your fault with the @TheDemocrats. Americans can't afford insurance and high deductibles!!!
Yep.. You guys are doing a great job!! As the rest of us destroy your party in every election.. You will only have NY and CA !! LOL -2018!!
I don't think McCain was aimed at helping Dems so much as saving the Senate process. Still, we'll take the win..Still a LOT of work to do
Democrats should get behind Bernie Sander popular plan to "EXPAND MEDICARE" to cover everyone pd by payroll taxes. ..https://live-berniesanders-com.pantheonsite.io/medicare-for-all/ …
Thank you! Proud to have you as my senator.
Proud of my Democratic Party! The best party! We stand for fairness and compassion! Go BLUEThe GOP HAS failed our nation in 6 months! Sad
The GOP has lost their way. They are now lead by hatred. Truly sad for our country.
So true, take out the coldhearted GOP Senators who show no concern or compassion! How quickly the GOP FORGET Why they are in office! Do job
They has forgotten that they work for US.
My thoughts also!!! They are working for the Koch Bros. AND themselves! Very selfish and hardhearted! Time to go home!
I thanked them, as well.  And I also thank you for all that you have done! Many people are scared by Trump's 'antics.'
YOU ARE ALL TRAITORS TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.YOUR PARTY IS THE WORST EVIL OBSTRUCTIONIST PARTY EVER.GOD BLESS TRUMP.
Thanks  . 
Our worst Democratic senator (Schumer) thanks our worst Republican senator (McCain).
GOD BLESS OUR BELOVED PRESIDENT
Hopefully this can be a first step to a bipartisan effort to improve ACA.
I applaud the 3 GOP Senators. Let's all work toward a #SinglePayer system. Having lived in UK & others, I received great care for nothing!
Courage? Mr. Schumer what these Rino's displayed was utter cowardliness, something you know very well!
Again senator schumer why don't you use obama care if it's so good for Americans ? You have never answered me back on that question
I totally disagree.... it shows backstabbing GOP!
Ok, let it implode.
Waiting to see who you blame when it implodes... Keep selling handouts for your support base .. loser
Please explain why this is good? It's your agenda that has Americans with no insurance. People are forced to pay a mandate. How un-american.
I love them all!!!! That did take courage and I am grateful
2018 is coming we will drain the swamp even more including you!
the strength to betray the ppl who put them in

But mostly, to thank Sen.McCain, Murkowski, Collins for displaying such disdain for their constituents... Isnt politics great!
Mahalo for leading the way and to my Hawaii Senators @maziehirono & @brianschatz for standing strong!  
Maybe presence, but mccain has no principle. He sought office on repeal-but maybe he's just sick-so u Dems took advantage of the infirm
I they know right from wrong good for them
Thanks for mentioning the two women so far everyone wants to pat the lone man's back! But it took three to end the madness!
I call for the primary defeats of Murkowski, Collins and McCain. Any senators that would side with his guy need to be voted out.
Courage, strength? Easy to sit back,do nothing,have no ideas and obstruct. What is strong and courageous about that?
Thank you Senator Murkowski, Senator Collins & Senator McCain! You are true humanitarians. Your constituents are lucky to have you!
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chuck
They are turncoats just as you are!
Yes a bunch of traders they should be democrats not Republicans
I want to NOT thank you.  You only care for your selfish self & not USA.  We taxpayers shouldn't pay for your. Etrayal of us!!!!!!!
Cowards is the word you were looking for!
Absolutely. And thank you for leading the charge.
They're all as worthless as you are
They need to be protected from the @POTUS bully. Nobody likes a bully. Stand up to him, sock him in his dirty mouth and nock his teeth out!
The requirements were two Brave women an a Brother in Arms. Thank you!
If you all don't start paying attention to North  Korea none of us will need health care everyone will be dead
You are a profession obstructionist
Traitors
Hear, Hear!!
What ObamaCare doctor do you go to Chuckie??
A question " Charlie Garr" the infant that just died was he a victim of nationalized health care? Is that the reason they could say where he
Let's see what you're going to show for these people that cannot afford healthcare have a card that cannot be used and are dying
Yea keep on fighting Trump 2018 is coming closer I smell fear and can't wait to see you voted out long over due
I'm paying for others healthcare while I have to go without it. Great way to run a country
Courage? Chucky!!!!!
Thank you.
Traitors to the Republic.
Shut up Lil Chuckie Lies a Lot
Scare tactics is what you use.
These Nation Needs  Statesmen, TNX Sntr McCain for being one. Sentrs. Murkowski and Collins, Let GOD strengthen ur courage for future act.
one thing u r good at us gloating. R u not afraid 2 chick. Ur bullshit may find its way back into ur throat
Trump had it right the first time about McCain
I'm sure you do but we as Americans who voted for Trump and will re elect him in 2020 do not. It's your bad bill not the republicans
I wish them luck in their primaries as well!
I think a small donation to each of these Senators for have the courage to do the right thing is appropriate

Senator..what John McCain did was smart. Why green light the skinny bill and then own a flawed plan. It's up to the dems to participate now.
They are Heroes.
Dem, back stabbed.
The ones you are thanking and yourself are useless.  Your goal is single payer which won't work.
Those 3 showed nothing more than your mainstream hypocritical obstructionism all 4 of U R lying hypocrites and will probably be voted out
Idiot.
Chuck! STOP SPAMMING PLEASE... RELAX.. Slow down! Don't be a BOT! THX
They're brave, thoughtful public servants who put Americans ahead of partisanship, and they voted with conscience.
run for president!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 2020 Schumer
lmao
Courage, strength & principle? you fools are guided by the DEVIL. Going down in flames!
OMG they were paid for by George Sorros! Corruption at its highest level you fool
New York health plans have requested double-digit rate hikes in each of the past three years.
For what senator?  The bill kept 42 of 47 aca rega. How heroic were they? Oh yea heroic bc they kept us all in slavery. Yup thanx
I don't trust politicians especially you
Alert:Chuck Schumer is an obstructionists . He cares little about his own biters & less about Smericans, will go down in history as negative
Pathetic!
You know where you can go Chucky. Thanks so much for continuing my in-ability to have health care. Guess not being in poverty doesn't count
Enjoy your celebration of the biggest lie perpetrated on the American people. Give a shout out those whose premiums are unaffordable now
They will be voted out soon!
The ones who are really dems? You 3 should be ashamed of yourselves. Try supporting your party, you know the one the people elected you for.
Voting with the Democrats is neither courageous, nor strong.
And voting republican is simply the most ANTI American vote possible. This is the vote of descpicables, those who hate most Americans.
I understand. You're still butt hurt over What Happened to Hillary.
and an average 8.3 percent for small group policies on the state’s Obamacare exchange — the highest in four years.
@politicalmom127 I think its time to take the process out of government and in to the hands of #WE THE PEOPLE!!!
Collins and Murkowski should be worried that you of all people would praise them.
These 3 political SWAMP establishment McCain, Collins & mulrawski FAILED the American voters. Therefore DO NOT deserve t/b re-election.
This was just one win if Dems dont get behind #Bernie in 2020 ur going to get a face kick again.. as JohnLennon once sang:COME TOGETHER NOW!
NOW. LETS HAVE MORE GOP'ers STAND UP.....maybe our @RoyBluntMO crappy Sen. Will REPRESENT THE PEOPLE OF MO like @clairecmc 
What is courage?
And thank YOU for everything you've done and everything you said and keeping your word and remembering why you're there! #MySenator!
So courageous to keep the crappy Bill that you voted for in a place
Imagine trying to navigate through the endless bureaucracy just to find a doctor to accept you. Then only to find out you must pay 5,000 or
Thank you for your leadership on this! I would be in very big trouble without the insurance coverage I have today (thanks to ACA).
They are all Democrats now. You have control of the senate
There is always a payoff for so-called "courage, strength, and principle."
#AMEN!!!!
Now can we have a national conversation about expanding Medicaid for all
No worries.  We'll just vote in more right-wingers next year.  Sooner or later, we're taking our country back.
Can you explain what the American people hve gained by this failure?
Courage?
Don't over praise, my friend, ethic and trus no longer rxist.
Ditto. & thanks to the Dems for standing together. Now lets get Murkowski and Collins +1 to further their Independent trend & caucus w/ Dems
How about you try to navigate through this as we are trying. For 8 years now you've had a chance to fix this and nothing! So no. It's not
We know what you can't do...question is, what actually can you do. So far, so feckless.
So happy that the middle class will continue to be saddled with unbearable health care cost.
Just don't give Sanders any leverage at all.
Protect the American People
the govt should never be involved in health care in the first place unless congress is willing to go on obamacare like everyone else
-StolenIntelKilledTeam6
-ExtortCongress
-AccessDNC
-CitizenInfo/Financials
-12Yrs/80+Congress/Senate
-40+Busines
-MaerskShip/DiplomaticPouch
Yaaaaaaawn!
Three RINOS that need to switch to the democrat party .
you won't take back the house and senate in 2018. You are crazy to think that. 
Me to watch to see if they have a fruitful political future? McCain changed after he had steak dinner in DC restaurant with Obama!
Proud of you! NOW #protectDACA  AND fight against 1.6 billion down payment for his f***ing wall! Thanks!
Now together work on a government (public) option, negotiate with big pharm, and tort reform!
Thank you for fighting for health care for all Americans and stopping Trumpcare! You've saved health care for tens of millions of us.
Thank You Sir, we are so grateful for how hard you worked to protect us on the health care bill. Have A Great Weekend!
Traitors to their voters. You really should be thanking Sorros.
You doomed Americans to death! Obamacare is worthless!
Yes , showing you are progressives instead of what you pretend to be.McStain is a weak coward with NO principles . Oh and a big liar too.
Thank you thank you thank you!!
Great job! Resist!
You're really a pitbull.  Thanks for all you've done.
@SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski please propose new bill 2 stuff bomb up DT ass&drop him over Isis.Bi partisan support 4 sure!!
I would love to know what insurance Schumer is on I'm sure it's not Obama care. You and other politicians are killing the middle class
easy for a Senator to go along with their base. Courage is breaking with base/party.  Will you now offer to compromise in bipartisan spirit?
It does courage to lie to your constituents.. riding the Trump train and end the end, showing their true intent.
You mean for showing how much of a traitor they are
You mad bro 
No. Not mad. Just disappointed. But things will turn around. 
You're a bad liar. Sure will once Mueller finishes his investigation lol
One thing I don't do is lie unlike others. So I'm to believe that you are for Obamacare?


THEY ARE RINOS AND HAVE LOST ALL RESPECT WITH THE AMERICN PEOPLE
And Americans on Obamacare will soon be interacting with you, Chuck. Good job staying out of it. Great leadership.
All liberals - u can have them
Thanking them is not good enough. be ready to welcome them in your team b/c tghey will be voted out come next election.
Me too.
Thank you, Senators!
Traitors and cowards
More out of pocket before you can even get care let alone surgery. Now imagine those monthly premiums not getting paid because your not
That's not courage. That's cowards. Imagine an average American trying to obtain the same rapid care that senator McCain received.
They are also three big turds.
Schmuck Schumer are you on Obama Care? #MAGA
Were they the ones who got elected on promises of repeal? Oh yea, real principled courageous folks....we'll just ignore the lying.....
There traitors just like you
Mr Schumer,  You know that the ACA is a failure. You knew it from the beginning. Your party never tried to change a thing. You do not care!
Those are RINOS,Chucky they aren't nothing more nothing less.  Pieces of shit.
Liars, just like your fallin hero HilLIARy.
Build on to your house because they will soon be without a job and have to live with you.
Good. Now do your damn job!!
Me too now let's get to work on #SinglePayer #HR676 #MedicareForAll you know the #Healthcare insurance we pay for for you!
Now to make sure they are included in the drafting of a new BIPARTISAN bill. Please
Chuck you don't know the first thing about courage, strength,or http://principles.best  for you to stick to the low road
In addition 2the $500 pair of shoes that u OWN fix ACA that u + obstructionist Dems OWN. As captain of SS ACA Titanic good luck @Scaramucci
No more partisanship on either side of the aisle please. Roll up your sleeves now and work for the people. You know it can be done!
"Courage, strength, principle."
Thank you for not allowing anyone to gloat.  This isn't the time.  Time to work together for America. Ignore the man behind the curtain.
This says it all!!
Bravo and thank you for your no vote! As always women are the bravest of them all!!!
hope you democrats will be a super minority in the senate by 2018. Right now you are nothing but obstructionist.
.Soros' checks will be in the mail, Schumer forgot that part. Socialized Medicine is State sponsored suicide-just look at Baby Charlie.
Able to work. So the insurance company tells you your no longer covered. I've seen this happen over and over. Who's helping then sir? You
Yes! Thank you all!
UPDATE: How long B4 Awan flips on Debbie Wasserman Shultz & takes down the entire DNC in the fake hack / Seth Rich murder scandal?
