And yet they vote Democrat every year.

Thats BS.Its because of Uneducated,multiple children(with no fathers),lack of priorities.Look at the Social side of it,not the monetary side
You shouldn't lie anymore, Senator! Don't you fear God? Truth and justice will be done, and nothing will stop the Lord's hand!
Women lose to men in wages not just black stop race baiting.  When blacks figure out u are making them slaves to govt u won't get votes
Agree with last part. But maybe Women should get degrees that pay more, STEM is a good place to start.
Well it should not matter if you are are doing same job as a man the oay should be the same no matter what it is
It is the same pay. It is illegal to pay different wages for the same job.
https://www.eeoc.gov/laws/statutes/epa.cfm&ved=0ahUKEwicka_8mrbVAhXMHD4KHWf9A2IQFghYMAw&usg=AFQjCNEqLlqxRVUZtsv4c-RUCmQyace0xQ …
Employers can and do pay different for the same job
If they do, it is illegal and the employer can be fined for it.
Try proving it they use time on job experience etc to justify and you can't discuss what you make with others at wk private is not govt
Chuckles is vote-baiting. I know of #ABetterDeal - Vote Chuckles out of office 2018!!!!!
There is still a gender wage disparity despite a woman's race. Education will chnge that.
Well then they need to educate themselves and get a better job, get off welfare
If that's true then companies would be full of black women that they don't have to pay. Hire 5 and you just saved a cool 100 grand.
Are you comparing all black women to all others? Do a comparison of equally qualified positions  and get back to me. My guess is you can't.
I think President Trump's new Immigration Legislation will help the poor who already live in America, wages will increase &  more jobs also
And nothing ever changes in the large Democratic cities where they live.
Why didn't you address this for the last eight years. Your party keeps the black community down. Looking for votes?
Keep playing that race card, divide Americans and intill anger, its the Dem playbook, old and tired my friend
Do you even live among black people in your neighborhood?  Just looking for votes!
Pretty easy summary per your stats....don't have kids outside of marriage.  Oh and don't forget to change your tampon chuck
Again conversation no facts give of facts not BS
It's always about color.  Remember, your pro abortion is killing your votes.
All because of you @SenSchumer and your party, enriching yourself and your cronies on the backs of American workers! #TrumpTrain #MAGA
Hey chuck where do you fit in the wage gap with that gushing vagina of yours?
A black president will change this!!! 

Oh, wait....
Good job! Setting the groundwork for "ABetterDeal". Why did 8 yrs of Obama not fix this? Guess Bill didn't help either.
Another lie
Closing the wage gap is easy, give me the same amount of maternal leave as women.
8 years you had rule, never said or did a thing, now you want to talk about how the blacks are hurting. Looser
#BlackWomensEqualPay so just pay someone more because she is black with no care abt any other ... http://tmi.me/1fjjHk 
Really Chucky ? You couldn't have just stuck with women in general you had to go all racist looking for that voucher vote chuck
Trump has given him money
You hurt Americans Chuck.  The day I don't have to see your face again will be a great day in American politics.
Let's start closing the gap by taking it out of your pocket
We should make a law or something... oh wait... Equal Pay Act of 1963
Cutting single mother households would cut poverty among working women and there families by 56%.
*their
So now this is where you're hiding up waters skirt helping to promote RACISM  shameful disgraceful pos.. all the hate for the people is sick
SCHUMER you are one Racist S.O.B.
YOU point out Latino, African Americans. Etc. 
We See AMERICANS, ones that need help Not blame.
GROW Up AH

Maybe if Oprah & Whoopi could "Redistribute their wealth" like Hussein said! Oh , U R talking about other blacks, the 1's that voted4 Trump!
Maxin Waters is filthy rich and doesn't even live in her district because it is 2ghetto, Wait,what was your statement, O U mean other blacks
More Fake News from a Fake  Schumer. You should pay your black women more then, right? Get a job in South America please! Wahhh, wash babies
Do you employ black women? How do their salaries stack up?
There U go again a-hole, dividing us again, if a women black or white could do a job better  she would be first on 
Chuck, I'm sure my pay gap is $100,000 compared to yours (less graft). Is that the end of the story?
Lying, purposeful misleading to stir up racial hate. Schmucky, why do you always keep black people down? 8 years and u made blacks worse off
Dems are the most racist bunch in America.
After 8 years of Obama ?? OR it is Trump's Fault  ????
All black women? Even the ones living on social assistance? Are these included in the census? What about illegals? Are they included?
equal pay equal work union's demand it
Women working in the Trump Organization earn as much as or more than men. Trump won an award w/Rosa Parks for his work in diversity. Google
So, why wasn't this fixed under the last administration?
beyond hysterical... really Chuck same Job same experience?  More bullshit from the far left to divide the country.  Education key not color
Stop blocking republican appointees this is not making a better deal for America
You claim to be for the people let America run with for appointees to run the country well
All bs. Most blk get a a free education through college. If they dont take it that is their problem.
We know!!
Sounds bad when you say ur! I'm sure there is a "rest of the story" that you are telling us to serve your own slant on things!
More disingenuous poppycock from the alt left
Racist Schumer only talks abt Black women.. sad.. it is All women.. you are just pandering to black women.. sad
Then why don't they go white?
So the equal pay act hasn't been enforced since 1963? What the salary base of your staff?
There is no pay gap. It's an education gap, and an available hours gap. Tell the truth. We need to help people get educated or trained
Oh Chuck, you're so wonderful.
The focus of the Democratic party should be to purge itself of the corruption within, which has become the norm. Fix your corrupt party!
Your ideology requires constant division and constant lies.
Might want to look at education, the lack of Father's and and liberal policies that keep them dependant on welfare before slinging stats !
@SenSchumer this blanket statement has no relevant facts to back it up. I support equal pay for equal work, regardless of race, gender, etc.
Keep playing that race card
How many black women lost health ins under Obamacare because of high premiums Dems voted for that exempted  yourself & aids from Obamacare
Congress median net worth went from 800K to one million.  Same time frame, American taxpayer went from 73K to 26K?  Who hurts the family?
First time in history, majority of elected officials in Washington are millionaires, while 50% of Americans can't weather a 5K $ emergency?
This is such a diversion of what Dem congress has done to us, over the past 8yrs.  Telling us where to focus, instead of looking at them!
Did U know, median household net worth,decreased by 0.94%?  Members of congress, median increase is 1.55%.  No just black women, all!
Give it up
@SenSchumer Our @POTUS is the only one in generations who will correct the mess the Liberals have caused in the black community!
Race baiting Soros shill!!!! MAGA TRUMP 
I don't understand why you use the racist term "people of color". We ALL have a color. White is a color too.
Different pay for different job. Women living in "poverty" make too much money off the government to get a job. Why would they. $65,000 a yr
How long have you been in government service?
Equal pay for all LEGAL American Citizens !
Well Chuck, they've been voting for you for many many years and nothing changes for blacks in the ghetto. Do your job!!!!!
we've had equal pay and equal rights legislation for 40 yrs, so you're saying we need more legislation to solve the problem you
made up?
Here you go again, pretending to care...
One of the first things that can be done about this is #MedicareForAll 
Second: #FightFor15
It won't fix everthing...but its a start.
Alot of this is by life choices another socialist idea get off the crack pipe schumer
Quit acting like you care Schmucky..youre just pandering to black voters since you know you wont get reelected...
#maga
#pathetic
It's hard to make ends meet in a 2 person income household.  Ask most young people today.  Now imagine making less with no partner support.
How many black women are on your staff and what do they make compared to white men? How about Trans Aborigines? MLK would roll in his grave.
Baloney. Pandering of the worst kind. Schumer thinks people are dumb enough to believe these childish claims.
As I said to Sen Gillibrand, maybe the focus should be on cause: unwed teen pregnancy, and not political pontificating for votes
oh look, a liberal attempting to give a shit about black voters, election time must be coming up soon.

King Rat on his stump again. You and the Dems are the party of racial inequality, today, in the past, and for the future. Chained, and poor.
#false 100%.

Do you know the underlying causes? More information and less statements that show you only want to push your socialist programs.
Hey Chuckie, can you come up with a chart that shows the net worth of individual congressmen in Washington? And their source of revenue?
Hey Chuckie, did these #s improve under 8 years of the Obama administration? Americans want opportunities not hand outs!
Mr Schumer finally a decent tweet and worthy cause. All women deserve equal pay.
Stick to the fake Russian story chucky
Right back to the race card.  Disgusting.
If we all made the same amount, all owned the same amount I believe there is a name for that
College education and desire to advance in ones career gets them to same pay rate.    Everyone does not get a trophy
How much do White women lose #Chuckles 
#WhiteWomensEqualPay
Women live almost one third longer than men?  All women in the nursing homes Chuck, go check it out!
More Women than men in the Labor force Chuck?  Women make more, don't ask men to marry them? Don't share like men in marriage.
Not women in Congress apparently.  How did #MadMaxineWaters make so much money while working as a Congresswoman? 
Schumer why don't you give all your money to the black people, that will solve all problems. And maybe you'll think about what you're saying
#OneStupidMan
Probably goes right to Crazyaxine Waters
That is a nice infographic but there are no facts based in evidence. Os this apples to apples or apples to zebras? Cite your sources
Hey Chuck u r not new to Congress what have you done for them all I hear is Crickets
This has been debunked endlessly, why are you spreading lies? ...oh wait...
No time to solve real problems while you're busy obstructing POTUS and faking outrage over a fake Russian narrative
Logical people know this is race-baiting propaganda.
People of color suffered under eight years of OBama and leftist Dem rule. Glad to see your taking responsibility Chuck!
Really????  Enough of our politicians promoting this nonsense of black/white.  People earn their pay and respect by what they choose to do.
Chuckles you can afford the $1dollar.
Let's get that number down to an even 21k.
Once again Chucky Schumer is giving away free stuff....OUR MONEY!
I am sure your figures are manipulated to fit your agenda.  Equal pay for equal work...
And this is a new issue?  Take responsibility for Dumbocrat policies...
What's your salary? Do you have black women employed at a fair pay rate?
But since you've lived your entire adult life off the government, you wouldn't know that ... would you?
Senator, IF you had ever had your own business, and actually have hired, trained & evaluated people, you would know race isn't the issue!
Schumer is a NAZI! Be careful.
Did you know the majority of these demographics historically vote Dem? Of course you do.
Whose fault is it for women to have babies without being married and can't afford it!?  They are!  Take responsibility!
Are you saying Obama failed the black people from 2012 to today?  I agree.
Isn't racism, favoritism due to the color of ones skin.lets try fair wages for all.Based on skill and quality of work. Not color of skin.
The irony of course, never ends.  US built on backs of slaves..
Populist politics preys on the ignorant
Does it hurt all women or just black women? If it hurts all women then change your # to women equal pay Dont discriminate against whitewomen
That what over well. Seems to be some dissection in the ranks 
Where are they working ? What is their qualifications? Education ? Are they working the same # of hours ? Etc. Etc. Etc.
OK. So let's assume you are right.  What have you done to fix this problem?
Typical Chucky ! Pandering to black constituents! Forget about him really being sincere & wanting it to change! He's in it all for himself !
F**k U This social security administration conclusion on wealth disparity according to suspected race (w/White as advantageous):
Maybe because most have 5 kids and don't have time to work full time
Not a word from 2009-2017 #loser
How are you still a senator?! Who voted for you?!  SMH
Already the law, genius. Can't legally pay less based on gender, race, etc. If what you say is true, why did Obama do nothing about it?
Any uneducated worker loses money every year that they could have earned if things were different. They don't have an education is on dems.
So the women of color have the same jobs and qualifications as caucasians and r being paid less?Or you just want to pay them same $ for less
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chuck
you're kidding!!??  You're going with the race/gender card?  LOLOLOL #TrumpPence2020.#MAGA!!  .
You have a fascination of the black woman's finances! Or could it be you want them to do your bidding? Dems know how to manipulate blacks?
All women, color doesn't matter.
chuckie will say anything to get the black vote when the time comes,you think he really gives a shit
Cut taxes that might help.
What  % of those families are a two parent nuclear family? How many a function of teen pregnancy? Level of ed of prime provider.Same jobs?
For 8 years Obama and @TheDemocrats did nothing to help black women this is the result of their failed policies

Chuckie pull foot from mouth . You have not supported working Americans , lost election ,changed your time.  Whistle Dixie from both ends.
You and Obama had control for 8 years so you can only blame yourself. Democrats forgot about working Americans to buy votes from immigrants
Quit talking and do something about it
Equal qualifications equal labor equal pay why does it have to be just about black women why not about everyone
Chuck you really are getting to be a pain in the
no matter if you are male or female if you give your job 150% - go in early, stay late, do more than asked - you WILL get more
I support equal pay!
Please Liz, what an empty statement
That chart looks like affect the Great Society had on Blacks. This was also one of the "Better Deal" from the Dems.
You handle Social issues by throwing our tax dollars at them. Isn't it time to try something else. Building new tenements gets you nowhere.
So it says 70%of Caucasian r not in poverty and 67% blacks r not living in poverty...seem like no gap to me!  They even lie to selfs
More fake news, lies and twisted stats!
What about wage discrepancies between two white males?
He is using you "black women" ...wake up!!
Thats even with experience and degrees.
Black women are also denied entry into upper level management jobs everyday, eben with experience and degrees, wrong color and not blond
And what are the qualification differences? Sure you will never admit or proof the reasons, just use the racist line or sexist line all BS
What about the rest of the women Chucky!! You looking for some votes!!
RACE BAITER
What have you done for the black women you're now just trying to go after black women's votes that's all
