I seriously cannot believe Mr Schumer based on his actions. His malfeasance is amazing.
instead of criticizing why don't you try to work with Repubs. To make it better? Work together!!!!!!!
Get out of politics resign resign resign
Your the liar!!! Reduce taxes on the rich?? He is full of crap!! Sabotaging O care?? ALL THE INSURANCE CO's DROPPED OUT!!
And of course he will tell the truth, the whole truth and everything but the truth.
You retweeted this 2 times Chuck
He now wants to work w/Repubs? Yeah right!!
Seriously 
Please stand up for Obama on handling of Russia hack. Please remind everyone what he faced from McConnell and other Republicans!!! 
Idiot
This man is a clueless pawn told only to obstruct not think. It's his last term.

Grassley: Schumer Knew Trump Was Not Under Investigation When He Publicly Claimed Otherwise [VIDEO] http://trib.al/ZFmdqZm  
Can't wait to hear my smug, lying, unsightly senator pretend to care about anything except his own ambition. #Chugly
Why not do a CBO score on Obamacare now??  Might come up better than the new bill. Way to call GOP bluff.
Stopped watching years ago. Would DVR Last Man Standing.  Now don't watch the network at all.
Schumer : pandering puppet , his leadership is why his party is dead . No ideas , just hate spewing responsible for GOP shootings God Knows
Go home instead.  We don't care what you think.  Most of it is a lie anyway. You can't be trusted to tell the truth.  Don't start crying now
Kellyann blaming Obama? "We are no longer in power" ha that is the biggest joke! They blamed George Bush up until the last day of Obama!!
#CryingChuck #LyingChuck #LockHimUp #Fakenews
Schumer is against something he has not even read yet what a idiot
It's going to be a miracle you get to keep your job and your upcoming term reelection you actually have to do something to get reelected
Chuck you and the rest of the Dems have done nothing for 8 yrs now all you can do is a resist.  You are a failed party.  Shame on all of you
Awesome. Now the WORLD will C through ALL the BS of the LEFT rehearsed Q&A they will talk 4 hour & say nothing POSITIVE 4 USA TRUMP 2020
They deserve each other.

Stop obstruction from the dems
All you do is whine and cry. What have you done for the Americans? That's right pass a crappy unaffordable HC.
One of the most hate filled people in the country, he could only lead poor, dumb, democrats?
All he knows how to do is whine.
And spew hate, hate is his only expertise.
Ask him why he doesn't earn his salary as a senator.  Why is he an obstructionist?  Why can't he just do his job.  WHY?
Flip Flop Schumer!
Please put on an American instead!
Yawn
You mean comrades for global communism get together to discuss how they can fuck the hard working Tax Paying Americans?
More rage from Chuck? Don't obstruct. Work together.
Is he going to talk about killing millions of babies? He going to talk about Russia? He going to talk elections? No, those are Dem problems.
Or This Schumer? Your State!
Lil Chuckie Lies a Lot!! Please retire you clueless old man.. your 5 minutes of fame have long past
Two Liars in a lair.
President Trump is on Fox & Friends now. Tune in !
Ahhh, abc ready and willing to funnel leftists ideology
#wethepeople know @DNC already said they R4planned murder norights2unborn 

Vote ur #criminal party home/prison/Institution they R all nuts
BIG DAMN DEAL!
Obamacare is failing in many areas, Senator, relax Reps will save you.
Oh boy Bernie your in trouble
Is he going to cry and whine again...or just yell, lie and obstruct?
Lie!
Here's a preview - TrumpRyan healthcare bill - is a Deathcare bill
That would be the failing Obama care.
Sen Schumer (stinky breath) Y did you want to postpone the SCOTUS vote because you said POTUS was under investigation when YOU KNEW he wasnt
Great question!!! Think he'll answer ?
Be a Lie Anyway!
democrats are too dumb for your own good,do you want socialized medicine or is it more important to have something with Obama's name on it?
ask him why he obstructs single payer.
