Like voting for the ACA at midnight?
There was open debate for over a fucking year on the ACA.
What planet do you live on? Do u not remember the Town Halls and multiple overtures to reach out to Rs? What about axing the Public Option?
Does Schumer suddenly have dementia? Don't mean 2 insult that do but this moron puts them 2 shame. ACA was concocted behind closed doors.
The GOP has absolutely no shame, they haven proven this time and time again.
And yet people continue to vote for them.
Lot of smart people.
Yeah - voting against your economic interests; voting to ensure 23 million uninsured; and to roll back Dodd-Frank...is really "smart"
Yes it is. That's why we are republicans. We do what dems won't do for the best of the country.
If you think all of the above are what's good for this country I have a condo to sell you on Mars.
I am republican so not stupid enough to buy YOUR condo in Mars. You made a stupid investment but then you are a liberal.
UpChuck, THE ACA IS the most outrageous legislative malpractice in history. You and the rest of the dem mental midgets signed off on it.
I pray you wind up depending on public health care. Warren Buffet said Congressmen hould have SS & Medicaid as benefits. You too.
when I lookbackatPresident Obama's8years in office&allthecritics/racist/republicans full of hate4entitlementsEXCEPTTHOSE4RICH
@StevenMWolfe3 democrats have been asked to help  they refused by direction of Schumer.
Constitutional malpractice.
Old Chuckie boy is #DeepState!! Mark my words!!
So you admit that Democrats committed outrageous malpractice in passing Obamacare. Nice mea culpa. Selective outrage.
What happened to bills brought before committees? Transparency is gone.  Bill is being hidden from dems & us-deserve to know
Secret laws don't have to be obeyed, right?
Dems did the same thing w ACA Obama Reid Pelosi boxer Feinstein. All in dark of the night all in secret no collaboration w no GOPers ditto
If Obama had his way it would have been health care for all
they need to regulate insurance companys how about single payer health care?  Obama should have done that but congress would never pass it
Amazing that you think your President doesn't know the rules.

Agreed! I love my Obamacare. 106 per month for Kaiser silver and ZERO deductible.  I am an employer. I am the middle class.
You’re pathetic Chuckie. Did you forget passing OC without knowing what the bill was.
Maybe, but eclipsing the travesty of Obamacare will not be easy!
You didn't even read the ACA before it was passed and don't believe you have read it now.
What a hypocrite!
#DemLie
Ummm, Chuckie, ObamaCare was done in secret and with lies.  Even Pelosi said you have to pass it to find out what's in it!
Close down partisan special prosecutor.  Democrap hypocrites
"To do this in private.."U Democraps set the example with the ACA. AH Pelousy once said " now that it's signed, we'll have to read it!
@StevenMWolfe3 What a hypocrite Obama care got shoved down our throats.
@SenSchumer
The Senator selectively forgets the way ACA was written & rushed in2 passing the Dem Bill
NOW Spicer says that Trump was referring to Mueller, not Congress. Of course, I knew that was too easy to be true.
@SenSchumer like Obamacare which was passed without reading it? Now zero states will have coverage Chuckie.
No you already did that when you passed the AHA without knowing what was in it, passed only because it was by a democratic POTUS.
But was OK 4 U to pass Obamacare in private.  Keep up the hypocrisy---u helped us elect Trump!
Your party is making that choice not him.  Something needs to be done, with or without your help.
Says those living in blue states basically are not represented in Congress anymore
Why aren't Senate Democrats going all out on focusing on ACA repeal?  I have heard barely a whimper on this.
OMG your such a hypocrite . That's exactly what democrats did with Obamacare. If your memory is that bad you need to retire.
PLEASE do everything in your power to stop them! They are hurting our country! People WILL die w/o the care that they need.PLEASE STOP THEM
You should have done this the last year of Obama Administration. Always the blame game...
@SenSchumer Is this a big lie?  The deems did the aca after midnight and deals made for votes.  We remember
#TrumpCare #DEATHCARE #NOCARE4ALL #goodoldays #WealthyNeedMONEY (the REAL Welfare Queens!!!) #GiveITup
Wait...isn't that how Obama did it? Hahahaha what a dick
@MajorCBS He should know... hypocrisy at its worst.
NO! The worst case of legis malpract was 'YOU AND FELLOW DEMS doing the exact thing with the ACA and The Stimulus-a 'senior moment,Chucky'?
Sounds familiar. "You must pass the bill to see what's in it"
Do you mean the way the ACA was passed when Dems were in charge? Remember Pelosi saying if you want to see what's in the bill pass the bill?
CHUCKY , YOU & the Democrats r the P O S's blocking the job of the President  ! Acting like A BUNCH OF LITTLE KIDS ! GROW UP
I am pretty sure that's how we got.  #demhypocrisy
Like you gu us did on ACA
@SenSchumer They had to pass Obamacare just to see what was in it and Democrats did nothing for 6 years to fix it
What a piece of  that senator in NY is. What a joke
Schumer says everything is so outrageous. He cries wolf ALL THE TIME...
Blah blah blah
U can't b in 2 places at the same time, Russian collusion is non existent. Get over it, get busy w/healthcare since u r the 1 who passed it
ALL SEND NEED TO STOP THIS!
@SenSchumer please resign now chuck
Like signing the ACA without reading it? Hypocrisy at its best.
They are screwing the poor, middle class and elderly with their Republican Healthcare plan.  Shows they don't give a rat's ass America
@SenSchumer Exactly what the Dems did when passing NObamacare.
It is what you did for A C A, now you don'T like it. What change to ?
U serve the people, not urselves! We don't want u in our house anymore & all will be voted out.
Of course, but can they do it?
Alert: Schumer fantasizing about a new target after Comey put him in toilet!
That's how Obama inflicted America with it. What water have you been drinking? People of NY wake up! Chuckie needs to go home
@SenSchumer  Democratics, Obamacare was done just as you say.
Like the Democrats did- we need to pass it to see what's in it. Seems it was a 7 year plan to bridge to socialist medicine. It's imploding
Would @SenateDems think about halting all Senate business until they have public hearings. You should do this! People need to know
Republicans should just let ObamaCare collapse on Democrat''s heads. Democrats OWN this disaster & deserve FULL CREDIT. They lied to America
Like the ACA.
You mean like enacting it "in private" to begin with? Dems are cry babies who will end up with egg on their faces if Russia doesn't pan out.
Don't forget about job losses
Oh....like the Democrats did??? You are beyond a joke.
Such hypocrisy!  That is exactly how ACA was passed - in private!  They were counting on the stupidity of the American people...as always!
Stick it Chucky you haven't done a dam thing but run your mouth try shutting your mouth please
But, "you have to pass it, in order to read it" was A-OK in your book. Right Senator?

Like when he voted to exempt himself and his staff from Obamacare - HYPOCRISY
So why don't the Dems get involved?  If you all honestly approached this process no one would turn you away.  Weak excuses from you guys!
The Democrats have no message,  not on economics, not on taxes,  not on jobs, not on failing #Obamacare. They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS!
No Chucky, shoving Obamacare down our throats was and you can see how difficult it is to untangle your mess.
Kind of like the core strategy in Obamacare, to get to a single payer system of healthcare. Socialism is not democracy. No choice, no win!
We already have Medicare so what's the difference?
Hmmm, poor comparison. Plan developed to mostly help seniors. Not meant to be a system for all.
Obozocare is dying Fast, why are we giving Billions to the Ins. Companies to try to save its sure fire death?
You should know!
You mean, kinda like Obamacare?
To allow schumer to continue his term, is an attack on our constitution and our country.
Oh, Chucky, you mean in private like #Democrats did with #ACA #Obamacare late at night in DC with reconciliation? Hypocrite. Disgraceful.
Sen you call for Pres Trump to testify before Congress ( Separation of Powers ) I did not hear you comment on Susan Rice refusing to testify
You are already guilty of malpractice mr Obamacare. What a joke.
The people has to stand and be persistent #resist #Trumprussia #TheResistance @SenateDems
Whoa wait a minute,you wouldn't even let the Ada (Obama care) be read before passed - hypocrite
There was zero debate on ACA according to Palosi, we wouldn't know what's in the bill until it passed
Wasn't that how it was passed????
Shiner may be the dumbest man to ever be in politics and to be. With sleepy chucky ,the worst host on tv ,is appropriate
I remember a Group of Deemoncrates Negotiating and Voting behind a closed locked guarded door. Hmm Double standard here UpChuckie?
Just like u did with OBAMACARE!  Shut up Chuck!  OBC is falling apart and many don't have any choice!
Mr. Schumer, With all do respect that's what you did with O'care. I am frankly puzzled as to why you don't simply walk across the aisle?
Trumplicans are desperate! It's been six months & they're coming up with zero legislation yet Trump tweets about Dems obstructing.
It will match the outrageous example of the most dishonest incompetent and self serving President in history.
True, yet that's exactly what @SenateMajLdr and his cronies are doing. When will @SenateGOP listen to Amer citizens? @SenToomey @SenBobCasey
@SenThomTillis @SenatorBurr You are in this group... ignoring your constituents...
Schemer is such a hipocrite-"you have to pass Obamacare so you can read it" per Pelosi-the brains of the DEMOCRATIC Party !!
You mean like Obama did?? Then forced Americans to buy it or be fined. Democrats have no shame or memory!!!
Schemer is such a hipocrite-the DEMS did exactly that with Obacare-they kept everyone in the dark n we had to pass it so we could read it !!
LMFAO
DEMS don't want to help. Just obstruct RAD=RISE Against Democrats.
To pass it AT ALL is legislative malpractice!
Past or passed? Which is it? 
Like when you passed the ACA against American's needs. Bring back capitalism in health care. No single payer socialism
Just like passing Obamacare with out reading it.
...and what you folks did when you passed ObamaCare wasn't? What a hypocrite! Go do something productive ... and be quiet about it
If GOP does this then shut the government in Sept. Let's see how long GOP can stand that heat.
Like "you can keep your Doctor", " you can keep your plan", "you have to vote for it to see what's in it"... credibility lost,  the new norm
The Dems forced it on US! Pass it to read it - Remember? We do!
CHUCKY CHEESE is an OBSTRUCTIONIST!
legislative malpractice = corrupt as fuck. Basically invading peasant's homes taking livestock/ distributing it to vassals #Medieval
Except for the federal reserve thing
From the party famous for "We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what's in it" regarding #Obamacare.
Almost as bad as "we have to pass it so we know what's in it", right, @SenSchumer ?????
What? It was done in private the first time around with Obamacare. Remember, Nancy locked the republicans out of congress.
The man has an unending supply of gall
He either thinks we're stupid or have no memory of how Obamacare was passed
Chuckles U R biggest waste of tax payers in history of America @SenSchumer ur security clearance should b revoked misleading investigation
But it wasn't "outrageous legislative malpractice" when you shoved Obamacare down our throats in the same way, right @SenSchumer?
Hypocrite.
Schumer is a despicable politician. The absolute worse! What has he done or initiated to improve healthcare other than obstruct?
#trumpcare will also be the single biggest blunder in modern political history. Worse before better but it will cement #singlepayer.
Really? Isn't that what Dems did? Not one idea accepted from Republicans in ACA?
Keep fighting for us and vote no
Isn't that what happened when you passed the ACA? Couldn't read it until it was passed?
Does he even know how ridulous he sounds?  Remember "we have to pass it to see what's in it".
The Merchant of Venice, you wouldn't know a good deal if it hit in the face! Pathetic individual that you are.
geezz Sen.  I believe that is exactly what the Dems did.  When are you going to realize that the Republicans don't need the Dems.
You mean the way you & the Muslim passed Obamacare???
The @GOP wants to kill 23MM Americans by kicking them off healthcare. That only be done in private. @SenSchumer @DNC
Spare us the drama Sparky. Instead, please explain how it is that the govt no longer FORCING me to buy healthcare is *kicking me off*? Hmmm?
Worse than "You'll have to pass the bill to find out what's in it?" Nice try Schmucky, you big doofus.
Your last sentence negates your tweet.
The GOP cannot be trusted with the people's business
No government entities should be trusted with our business
We have to pass the bill to know what's in it- Nancy Pelosi
And yet it appears it's going to happen
Romans 8:32
He who did not spare His own Son, but delivered Him up for us all, how shall He not with Him [1/2]
also freely give us all things? [2/2]
Schumer should have had more than the last 30 seconds of the interview for healthcare. Republican's want to ram this thru before the 4th!!
Mit guy counting on you @chuckschumer ,8 yrs have you ever reasonable take the idea ACA should be national healthcare 1st place,u pocket $$
To say that democrats are not exercised about Loretta Lynch completely ignores why many of them didn't vote for Clintons. #TrumpBaby
Health care will affect all of use. It's lost in all this nonsense. Maybe that's the game the President and Repubs are playing. Disgrace.
Malpractice,ur party is nothing but Malpractice.All of U lie like dogs,U obstruct,Ur whole party is Corrupt.U deserve to be voted out in 18
GOP has proven they have no shame They continue 2 put their tax cuts & ACA repeal ahead of what will truly make US great again Investment
Yeah like Pelosi say "we need to pass it before we know what's in it". Do you mean like that Schumer? Your a disgrace to the senate.
Amazing how quickly someone can make themselves look bad by rudely talking over the host and refusing to pause #makeourpartylookbad
One year of hearings and amendments. Vs a month of closed door sessions by  a select group of men
Stop playing games and get to work for the American people!
#PerjurySessions
Hillary Clinton was crucified in public
I want more than the last  30 seconds on health care
