All I can think of when Chuck speaks is "Father, forgive him. He knows not what he does"
@chucktodd and Schumer.. Listen Up.. there will be NO Special Prosecutor! Those are ONLY used with there is Evidence.  There IS NONE!
And you need to come out of the Trumped up fog and see the real world.
You don't even know who the nominee is and you are already saying you will obstruct/block.  Complete nonsense by the liberals!  Shameful!
@SenateDems Turn over @DNC servers so @FBI can find the real Russian collusion @POTUS
#DemExit I have no med coverage b/c Obamacare failed me. @SenateDems only plan to fix it is to stop any attempt to help people?
Can you tell me; do DEMOCRATS not trust US GOVERNMENT to investigate these allegations????
You are telling American people we cannot trust the FBI,the House and Senate special committee's to be fair. Ok get rid of them and You too
Yes, and they should be. No new @FBI director confirmed until there's a #SpecialProsecutor to get to the bottom of #Trumprussia! #Resist
@SenateDems stop obstructing my Fed Gov Turn over @DNC servers so we can find the Russian collusion!
Seems simple enough to just get two.  One for Trump, and one for @HillaryClinton
Start doing the work of the American people and stop wasting our resources. You didn't feel this way about Hillary lying about classified
State the crime which requires a Special Prosecutor!
hey, CLOWN SCHUMER, keep leading your party down the drain...great work. DTS
If there is no evidence what are you going to use a special prosecutor for?
Um... To gather and expose evidence or to conclude impartially. Do you... Do you know what a special prosecutor is? #NoChildLeftBehind
You have to have a reason, or evidence, to warrant a special prosecutor. Why not get another to go after his deal with Martians? Same crap!
In case you've forgotten chuckles thanks to Harry Reid the GOP doesn't need your parties votes in order to confirm a FBI director.
Another great example of working together no more bickering. And We The People pick up the tab for all of this? 2018 vote for change.

More coverage of the DNC hearings!
Short term FBI doesn't need a director to continue their investigation so in essence Schumer blackmailing POTUS to get his way. A-hole.
@chucktodd  Schumer, of course you'll obstruct, that's all you do. YOU are the Party of DO NOTHING! Cry Babies!  GOP will do it without YOU!
It is time for the Dems to get to work or return home and let someone else serve the people. Hillary lost. Get over it!
1. Did FISA court issue sealed indictment against @potus? 
2. What about the report of hacking certain electronic voting machines in MI?
Please don't spread false informations. FISA  is only for surveillance warrants and has nothing to do with indictments
Not trying to spread false info. Asking @MTP if it's true. 2 serious questions.
And I'm telling you that your first question is based on a Palmer Report article. I hope you know PR is like @TheOnion without the jokes.
No voting machines in the US are connected to the internet.They can't be hacked
The voting machines can be rigged though
#TreasonousTrump #TrumpIsACrook #ImpeachTrump
REAL CORRUPTION
Special prosecutor =FBI  more time to investigate unmasking ,illegal spying, and Clinton foundation.
I think you're delusional. I'm  tired of your mindless obstruction of everything President Trump says & does.  Investigate the unmasking!
Obama spies on americans in 2013, 2015, 2016- hillary  basement server filled w/ classified info, unmasking & leaks Democrats are corrupt
I think there has been enough of the dems holding out.  This is Childish to say the least. GROW UP
A special prosecutor for Hillary Clinton!
Since 45 doesn't care about the rule of law he probably is fine without having a new head of the FBI. Vote for a truly independent FBI head.
Yes, punish the hard working employees of the FBI because of your personal politics, you are such a poor excuse of a Senator and an American
Stay strong Senator Schumer. We must check this horrible and corrupt man.
You're a fool! There's no investigation and there's nothing to prosecute. You can't block the FBI pick. Talk to Harry Reid bout that.
As soon as there is a special prosecutor for Hillary first then maybe you have a leg to stand on hypocrite!!
Dems withhold support! What a shock! Look how that worked out for you on Gorsuch 
Stupid democrats hypocrites
They can, but it won't matter.  Also Manchin will vote to approve.
Dems continue to obstruct, why would this be different?  However the 2 are mutually exclusive.  Support @POTUS  to fix this #brokenamerica
We need to investigate the clinton scams yes so get behind that dems
I don't remember you calling for an special prosecutor when Hillary was in
Russian embassy with her unsecure Blackberry w/ govt top secrets
I sincerely apologize for the Prez stupid tweet, he had you guys running in circles & I was enjoying every second of it.
Please do it and stand up for democracy.
I demand a review as to why Hillary promoted the assassination of Qhadaffi.  NOW!
POS. Cry baby.  OMG did he just make a threat.  That is obstruction of working for the American people.  Chuckie no difference.
Reps don't need support from the DEMS. That was evident during Pres Trump's cabinet confirmation.
There will be no special prosecutor.
If there's no FBI director, how are they going to find if Trump has ties 2 Russia? Apparently we won't find out till democrats are voted out
so u will waste time and money   for BS instead of doing ur job 4 the people sad
Yes. Withhold support until we have an independent investigator! No business as usual until one is appointed.
It really doesn't matter. The Reps don't need the Dems as proven on @Scotus
Dems ain't running the show anymore.
If they do they are dumb asses putting politics before country.
Oh and you do realize the FBI will simply continue to function as is with interim director. U would accomplish nothing.
We can do it without them.
Perhaps I'm reading it wrong. Where does it mention that the director needs approval of the senate. AG appoints

Yes, it's called, "We don't get what we want so we'll all screw the American people"
#MidtermElections Bye, bye

I think @realDonaldTrump  should appoint Anna Chapman... That would make libs heads explode!! 
You cannot require anything! Who cares if you demwits withhold support? NUCLEAR OPTION REMEMBER! You lost! HA!HA!
Don't you two talk? https://twitter.com/pamela_moore13/status/862107590003748864 …
Doesn't matter. They are the minority
Please do so. I'm a NY resident and I totally support you on this Senator Schumer.
Hey chuck n Korea  fired a new missle. How about worry about real things and not fairy tales like the RUSSIANS ARE COMING
Please shut down The Senate!
2 words Chuck......f*ck you!!!!!    @POTUS drain that swamp!    I'm sure you have some goods on Chucky!   Bring it on!!!!!! 
Yes, a Special Prosecutor for Bill and Hillary Clinton.
I believe we need an unbiased director of FBI; hold your powder if Mr Thing comes up with a reasonable choice!
THERE IS NO CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION UNDERWAY!! So exactly WHY would we need a prosecutor. Stupid!
#NeverDJTHRC Hillary Clinton History [Re]Writes 'Change Definition of "Is"' From Email Content to Comey—Sex to Starr http://wapo.st/2dqubwh 
#BringBernieBack! #EndTrumpClintonism FBI Acting Director McCabe also under review for Clinton email investigation
When are ANY of you dolts going to get this straight. There is NO "prosecutor" during an independent "investigation". Dumbass
Show evidence first then get special prosecutor.  Otherwise stop wasting our taxdollars.
Dems with always withhold support of anything trump does, he could find cure for cancer and they wouldn't hold report
Don't need any Dem votes, #CryinChuck
Obstructionists
@SenSchumer picking a fight he can't win.  Just setting himself up to get BTFO over @FBI like Gorsuch nomination.
Does not really matter. Democratic Party has effectively shut down and has become useless.
I hope all democrats cooperate with this Administration as much as the republicans cooperated with the last administration.
What is there to Prosecute? Is Spec Prosecutor for Unmasking and Leaking Classified info? Real Crime? America is tired of fake Russia story
It seems to me that your do not involve a prosecutor until someone has been accused of a crime by someone in law enforcement, special or not
He doesnt have the votes
call the Dept of Justice message line  right now and leave a message for a special prosecutor
 (202) 353-1555
#wethepeople want investigation about #pay2play #uraniumDeal investigation there @MeetThePress @SenSchumer @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems
GOP support appointment of special investigator for Hillary & lack of criminal charges when evidence is overwhelming- AG & FBI collusion
Does anyone care? Schumer needs to ckeck with Anthony W.
Thanks to Harry, your support won't matter. Let's investigate the LEAKS!
When this mockery of democracy is over, it will be left to the democrats to pick up all the pieces and restore. AGAIN 
Please
Chucky @SenSchumer don't understand there's no criminal investigation.
Why do the Dems get paid to go to Congress and do nothing?
Thank you, Sen Schumer! It is time to put Country before party! Republicans should be ashamed of their silence!! #trumprussia
When your comments are met with irrational statements, silence helps keep the stupidity from starting up again.
Leftist Dems like the pimp & master fraud Schumer will have Trump eliminated given the opportunity, even if it costs our survival.
Obstructionist / Democrats sure hate Law and Order and the Constitution
It's obvious DemocRats won't play nice its time for @SenateMajLdr to realize this & Pass @POTUS agenda with 51 votes screw the tyranny party
Sad the way democrats have slow walked the investigation. Mainly because there isn't anything there. If there was you'd bring it. Big fail!!
They should if it works
McConnell has made it clear that there will not be a special prosecutor. Can't imagine anything that will move him
Why do we need a special prosecutor???? There are no evidences at all.
@chuckschumer U think anything, no matter how false, t/will damage our @POTUS Amer needs 2 B unified NOW 2 counter dangers from N Korea etc
Good.
In short... it will be another swing & a miss for Schumer.  Remember all those whiffs during cabinet confirmations?  Powerless!
Not if they want to get re elected
They should!
The only 2 crimes  1) Hillary Espionage Act 2) Obama's Admin Susan Rice unmasking US Citizens @TheJusticeDept  We Need 2 Special Prosecutors
Dem's withhold support? What a shocker! LOL. Another excuse not to work for the "people " instead of the "party". Political Grandstanding!.
The American People support Senator Schumer no vote if there's no Special Prosecutor
Keep investigating Chuck! You might find he has 3 scoops of ice cream! Idiot!
78% support an independent investigator. Dems have population on their side...
What percent even know what that is and when to use one?
Chucky Cheesy Schumer I really don't recall u calling for spec prosecutor during illegal IRS targeting under obama or Benghazi ordeal. WHY?
I don't think Dems withholding support will make a difference because the acting director will do fine. Things remain the same.

Sayeth the swamp king.
The Dem plan is to agree with nothing and do no useful work.

I would call that blackmail SenSchumer
It's called representing his constituents. He's doing exactly what the vast majority of people who elected him want him to do. 
So New Yorkers want to obstruct and waste resources and reelect obstructionists. Name one good bill Shumer sponsored that passed.
Go for it. GOP WILL GET blame since they're taking NO RESPONSIBILITY.
Whats the evidence?
