America and the rest of the world will soon tire of you dumbass liberals. You loudmouth shit bags become more irrelevant as each day passes.
Ooh, look how tough you are, saying all those grown-up bad words!
Your relevance is quickly expiring....
...as is your point.
...your relevance has now expired. Please call 1-800-MoreRelevence for renewal requests. (Data rates may apply. Renewals are not guaranteed)
Did you make that up all by yourself?
but you're happy to let the same radical Islamists into this country?  #libtard #liar #youreascumbag #wasteofhumanflesh
Why don't you & your cohorts call it what it is? Radical islamic terrioism? Why don't you denounce it? Support laws against Sharia?
Your denial of the brutality & barbarism makes you complicit. Do your job! Protect our Constitution, protect our nation PROTECT OUR CHILDREN
There's nothing in it for him by doing any of that.
It is my sincere hope that he lose his next election.  He is a useless waste.
Your "PHONY RUSSIAN" shit, will be your Fall from the little power you have!
Another Terrorist Attack

Let's leave our borders open, let anyone in who wants to come and make sure we get our fair share of refugees
The refugees are trying to escape these non religious thugs, more Muslims are killed by these people than anyone in the western world.LEARN
You're welcome to bring as many Muslim refugees to Canada as your country wants.

I'd like to see the USA bring Christians for a change
Faulty breaks and steak knives only reason islamic terrorists not hitting USA would confirm POTUS immigration policy halting trojan horse
Thoughts and prayers are worth nothing. What are Washington's next steps? Any ideas? No? Then why even tweet?
Schumer's next steps will be more impeding the safety measures the POTUS wants in place. He wants #Manchester here in the US.
"POTUS" has more investigations and founded accusations of corruption and collusion than any president in US history. 
Sorry if that is more impt than DC gossip.
Gossip hahahaha.
Your people are leaking evetything. Tell them to shut up for a change
ZIPIT Chucky! 
U're nothing but a part of the evil bent on bringing that mayhem here w your "Muslim ban" narrative. EXTREME VETTING NEEDED!
See what happens senator.  This ideology doesn't mix with a constitutional republic. But we should let these people in our country. Right!!
You ever going to pull your head out of your ass? British man of Lybian origin. Wasn't a descendant of Shakespeare.
As usual hes connected to MI6. Im starting to think the aecurity services are grooming these idiots

Too bad that doesent do anything to solve the problem.
But dear god we can't hold people up for 90 days to review vetting procedures
No b/c the liberal universities can't survive & oh yeah the students need to be able to see their families...even tho they go the whole...
That's more of your peaceful muslims  spending the religion of peace. Enjoy liberals
Hey I have a great idea. Let's bring thousands of Muslims into America without medical or background checks.
As long as they are unleashed in Hollywood Marthas Vineyard & tony zipcodes of DC elitists They can get some TB & expose their kids
So Chucky, terrorist just returned from Libya. 1 of the places Trump wants 2 review 4 vetting. Shredding kids is REALLY mean spirited, no?
Its was a terrorist attack!
you are such a hypocrite! The only person u care about is Chuckles the clown & your rich libtard friends!
#SethRichCoverUp #deathbydemocrat
What explosion?? U mean the BOMB WITH NAILS that killed & mangled flesh? #StopImmigration 
#CitizensFirst
Really Chuck, did you say the same thing after 9/11?! #LeftistLoser #Tcot
Fake thoughts and prayers chucky, when u don't even want to protect the American people from this horror. Some more tears, chucky!
But yet you want to allow terrorist into our country without vetting!  Hypocrite
Typical DEM, stick you head in the sand and hope that there are no more EXPLOSIONS but do tell what triggered the EXPLOSION.
Time to get tough of terror. Join with President Trump to combat it now.
You care only for your radical insulting out of touch base
Just say it...Radical Islamic Terrorist
Are you NUTS.Not an explosion A TERRORISTS ATTACK
If your child had been at concert you would be calling it A TERRORISTS ATTACK! UNAmerican!
How about calling it what it is
Always a political statement.Nothing shadows the heart more. Children murdered by Terroist. If he can't be trusted to tell truth. Vote out.
Bullshit Schumer. you're claim means NOTHING,  while you do NOTHING but allow more influx of people who do this. This was a Terrorist attack
But was sad is you want all that tragedy in our country you're a traitor
Explosion? U mean human bomb exploding on little girls.
Your full of it if you cared you would not fight against a travel ban. Hypocrite
Your prayers and sympathy are cheap, what you are going to do to avoid such things happen in America? Stop President Trump's work?
you care about American people
please resign now
Chuck, can we get a #ThumbsDownForTerrorism from you?
Yet you continue to import these barbaric animals into our counties.
With you on this but your politics absolutely suck.
Explosion?  You mean the muslim suicide bomber?

Body bomb
The way you talk you need to get on your knees and repent and then pray for victims
Really? This coming from the man who wants open borders? Can you spell hypocrite? Or is that too much for you?
Why do you care? Your part of the problem by keeping our beautiful city a sanctuary city.
You pray?
Anywho my thoughts and prayers r with those killed and injured and their families im hugging my daughter a little tighter
Chuckie u know u can also say the words carried out by isis
Come on Chuckie u can say it....Islamic terrorist suicide bomber
Oh wait I forgot u only cry crocodile tears for Muslims and Islamic terrorists..my bad
Is it that hard to call it a terrorist attack? Are you that much of a coward to be so afraid of offending the muslim "community"?
Then build that wall and stand with our President before this terror comes to our country and our children loose their lives too!
Yes it's sorrowful situation
Fake bastard
"Explosion" - are you for real?
You can't even say terrorist attack you weakling. That's how distant you are from the real world. Resign
Really @SenSchumer ? SHOW us by not obstructing potus' efforts to keep ZOUR country & its people safe!
Wow that's amazing from u . Up to you , you wanna protect these terrorist. Not the American ppl! U Dems are nothin more than obstructionist!
Yeah and you want to bring them here
Really sticking you neck out there Chuck??? Couldn't denounce a terrorist attack? An explosion... Sad little man.
Are you as proud as I am after President Trump trip to Israel?
Are you allowed to pray, isn't your internet connection paid for by taxpayers?  Where is the outrage at the mixing of church and state?
And 9/11 was a building collapse. You suck
But Americans can just lay in wait right because you don't want a travel ban here
Suicide bomber
Omg. Ignoring it doesn't make it disappear you spineless bastard
It was a terrorist attack that used an explosion to kill innocent people you snowflake.  Spin your spew elsewhere.
Oh yeah. You noticed. Do nothing  you Senator. Talk
Chuckie, wasn't just an explosion. Come on now, say it with me .. TERRORIST ATTACK, again, TERRORIST ATTACK. Start seeing things as they are
This is America@ChuckSchumer if the left continues to allow open borders! Does that weigh on you at all?The Americabs that WILL DIE?Fargo it
Chuck when you STOP BEING A HYPOCRITIC. ..I'll take your word as sincerity 
#thecryinggame #tearsofaclown #antiamerican #spclintrst

When will world stop offering "thoughts & prayers" after the fact & start hunting these bastards down BEFORE they attack? This...is...War.
Does he hear your prayers?
I'm sure your heart is with those affected. That's why you fight against common sense policies with refugees and illegal immigration. Ur a
Sure, you care. why don't the Dems. criticize Sharia Law & the Emans who radicalism their followers??
no one needs your prayers We need you to get out of the way & Let @potus do his job & keep #americasafe & #MAGA
Ya, right
like you care @SenSchumer , your words are meaningless. Worry what you are doing in your own country.Shame on you.
"Explosion"?!!  Why can't you call it what it is? A TERRORIST BOMBED those kids!!
Need a muslim bann
Really you can tell us your #tearsofaclown are actually for the bomber not the innocent children 
#thecryinggame #antiamerican #pedophilepal
I brand all Islam apologists as collaborators.
hypocrite! cant feel bad for victims and not support travel ban and fighting terror.make up your empty mind, their blood is on your hands
It wasn't an accident
your only thoughts r how to stay in power at the expense of the American people, their ability to be safe, to prosper. U R EVIL no tears!
BULLSHIT!
It wasn't an 'explosion' you dickhead. It was a terrorist suicide bombing targeting innocent young people. Save your crocodile tears moron.
They just don't want to admit the truth. They need all the votes they can get.
.@SenSchumer was the explosion  caused by a gas leak, you schmendrick? #StopIslamicTerrorism #Manchester
Man up stop fighting the ban and keep America safe.
Go get the rest of the circus Maxine Nancy Elizabeth Warren go have a press conference. Please go show America how much you hate them.
Why is your ass not out in front of cameras telling all Americans how mean the travel ban is now Crying Chuck?
Enough with the thoughts and prayers, time for bold action, not yapping politicians.
terrible explosion..Really what happened to you..You use to care about America
a rare momment schumer cares about victims , but he be against walls cause he needs illegals to vote for him or he wont be back 
Your thoughts and prayers are w the victims, but your party's POLICIES are, sadly, with normalizing radical islamic extremism.
It was a terrorist attack, vermin.
if USA gets hit save the aftermath prayers. the 90 day travel 'ban' to reassess systems&logistics of entry is stuck in courts b/c of u goons
Meanwhile you are using @FBI, @nsa & @CIA to spy on @POTUS instead of terrorists and enemies.
... and @BarackObama slides Palestine $323 millions before leaving the White House. Should have given the money to investigate Seth's murder
It was a Islamic terrorism NOT just an explosion. A suicide bomber to be exact. Take your head out of your arse and wake the F up!
Are you happy, Chuckles? Since you love Muslim terrorists so much?  Are you partying now?  *spits in your face*

Where are Schumer tears for these young girls? Give me a break Schumer.
Do something about it
Are you still interested on opposing President's Trump Executive Order regarding travel ban?
GO TO IRAN, AFGHANISTAN & THESE OTHER COUNTRIES WITH REST OF YOUR LIBERAL IDIOTS. SHARE HUGS &  FOR ISIS. TELL THEM U UNDERSTAND THEIR PAIN
It was a terrorist attack! Admit it. Don't be a fool.
Aaaaand it's Isis, what do you plan on doing about the problem?  While u pray bodies pile up.  #cuckyschumer
No they are not, you are only worried about yourself.
Then STOP fighting against our ELECTED PRESIDENT!! Help Jeep People like this out of our country!!
Terrible explosion, you say? Good grief.
Really ... but you welcome these assholes in with open arms ... you lie Chuck ... why aren't you monitoring this instead of @potus?
Try working and supporting extreme vetting before this becomes a common occurrence here. Your obligation is to protect not obstruct.
please shut up, you have the blood of all the victims on your hands by letting Hussain and Hillary get away with murder.
"terrible explosion"? You'd think it was a mere gas leak. This was deliberate slaughter of children by islamic jihad, @SenSchumer
Let me help you say it, Chuck. TERRORISM
But you Democraps are against the Travel Ban. Sounds like collusion between @DNC and ISIS to me. Investigate the Democraps!
Call head clown  schumer and tell him in order to fight terrorist you have to be able to name them!
Thats nice.  Now WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO TO PREVENT THIS FROM HAPPEINING IN THE US?  AGAIN!
Hey Smuck, not an explosion... a terrorist attack. Say it like it is.
TERRORIST ATTACK! Don't sugar coat it
Can you not say TERROR ATTACK Chuck?
It was a suicide attack by Islamic terrorists Chuck its alright you can say it come on Chuck say it Is lam ic terr o ists
Victims of a spontaneous explosion in #Manchester, Chuck.  Nobody at fault.  Like a meteorite struck.  Putz.
Give POTUS credit for positive things he is doing vs trying to destroy his character, the Republican Party.The American people aren't stupid
Really?Here u r in an intel hearing trying desperately to find a way to connect our president to a collusion with Russia.Your a Trump hater
Isis, the JV team that spread to 30 countries under obama admin has claimed responsibility for the terrorist attack .
Thanks Chuck !
It was an terrorist attack STUPID
Muslim Terrorists....... Again
Please support travel ban.   We can not happen here.    They do not care they go after our children.  Please protect them
Your ideology creates this.
"Thoughts and prayers". How sincere.
Why do you ignore NYC residents murdered by SAVAGE FALN Unrepentant Terrorists?
No courage to show outrage over this

You are the rankest hypocrite...YOU are allowing this to come to the US when your job is to protect us.
#Chucky says "it has not been established that it was a muslim terrorist, that we should embrace muslim community"? #Sickness
Oh, that "terrible explosion" exploded terribly all by itself? No Islamist terrorist involved? You're a peach, Chucky.
"Explosion" though? Be better.
Yea you care keep crying you want to keep borders open keep fighting for that
Are you crying today Chucky? I doubt it you lying cunt.
Hypocrite!  #ChuckSchumer wants this horror to come to the US.  Vote @SenSchumer  out of office!!
Many of us here in flyover country are just hopeful your past refugee policy hasn't doomed us to the same......
Muslims have killed teenage girls in Manchester. An 8 year old girl is among the killed. Do you condemn Islamic Terrorism? What will u do?
Do you condemn Islamic terrorism?
