Sort of like Canada's !!! The citizens of which come HERE when they really need help?  ! #Socialist!
Hi, Canada checking in....  Yeah we only come when we want quick cosmetic surgery. They keep us living pretty quick up here.
Jeremy - perhaps YOU need cosmetic surgery but I have many Canadian friends ALL tell me they come to US for serious stuff due to wait time
No you don't Wendy. You need Canada to sell your belief. That's all. We have a good system, you wait if its not life threatening.
Belated Response: Good for you Jeremey. I've heard your healthcare is awesome!! And not from a birdie
Funny Joy cause my healthcare thanks to Obama SUCKS! I can't even go to my GYN of 25 years! Will B better After the vote TODAY! #MAGA
No, it won't be better. Yes, to fixing ACA. AHCA will be worse, and it won't go into effect today, needs to go to Senate. Read bill, BAD
Once they allow cross state lines-step 2 -competition will reduce prices. What we REaLLY need is required price transparency on all services
A very small portion of our huge debt could've paid for health and higher ed. For all Citizens. Where did our money go to?
Another lie
You're describing ACA!
You  @HillaryClinton are a greedy ego manic habitual liar racebaiting ruthless criminal who is fully aware she is married to a rapist!
High risk pools make no sense for insurance model where risks are supposed to spread out to to all subscribers. Destined to fail.
These people don't understand that insurance IS spreading the risk....
Exactly! Or more likely they know but are trying to confuse the public.
Sort of like our Veterans waiting to get care that was guaranteed them?
Obamacare is unaffordable to the very population it was supposedly created for, and has crippled the middle class!!
Now we have the opportunity to watch senate democrats defend the American people by whatever legal means. No excuses
According to the list my family of four has 15 pre existing conditions!!  We eek by on a good income and this would bankrupt us.  #Trumpcare
The best option is no insurance, and pay your own healthcare costs.
and Senator, $8B to cover 24M ppl over 5 years is DEPENDENT on STATES WAIVER = BAD for PPL AND WILL CAUSE more Gerrymandering
You as One of our beloved states representatives is a REAL DEATH sentence for NY States Future.. You suck Chuck!!!
List of assholes who voted YES to give the rich a tax break and kill Americans.
How Every Member Voted on the House Health Care Bill https://nyti.ms/2pa3QqL 
Do we have the Rollcall of Death yet?
You just can't help but lie, huh? #shumerisasnake
Chuck you should be happy @GOP is fixing your mess. Just say thanks.
Like our Vets at the VA? Get the government the hell out of healthcare.
#fakenews Lying again just like you did on NObamacare. You lose again.
As I  have been saying, GOP is the "death panel" they warned us about.  Made pre-existing conditions death sentences 4 citizens!
So why is that different.  I have unfavorable insurance now because of aca
Welcome to the Va
Kind of like single payer
this is not a solution, only exasperates the problem
#PoliticalSuicide #AHCA #DeathByGOP
That's what we have now with Obamacare you dip
We already have that with obamacare
Chucky there you go again your tweeting again for the 40 time today shame shame on you bad boy don't you have better things like working
Yep.  Exactly.
Just like the Veterans waiting for treatment at VA.
United healthcare profits last year almost $7,000,000,000 #ACA works great
@POTUS @JEFFSESSIONS @4US_WORKERS HOW COME YOU DON'T MENTION AMERICANS TRAINING THEIR FOREIGN RPLMTS - ZUCKERBERG GOT YOUR TONGUE?
I already can't afford my $11,000 deductible, thanks to your party. Just shut up and help fix it, please.

Retweet if you have a pre-existing condition. Comment what it is. 
Make them listen. 
#Trumpcare #healthcare #PreexistingCondition
We need to act Now!! Call Congress Now. Vote tomorrow AM!! 202-224-3121  After you call tell your friends to call.
Republicans said that with Obama care. We the people don't care how both parties get it done, but they better get it done right this time.
You Democrats really support this pimp? Is it low self esteem or just stupidity?

I don't think there is anything you can do to stop them
So you do recognize how damaging Obama care is
I just heard Blue Cross in SC commercial saying they can start some out at $50 a month. Sounds affordable to me.
Risk Chuck?
Give healthcare plain and simple is a death panel.
Tell that to Doug Lamborn who says high risk pools are fair & equitable.
The last I heard we are still operating under ObamaCare.
Please convince your moderate colleagues across the isle of both chambers of this fact!!
That Obama put in place. Now work with President Trump
There is only one answer single payer health care for all
High Risk pool is one of the reasons WE have the #ACA,Make sure everybody can afford #HealthIns @ a Low cost! #PayItForward
Everybody CAN'T afford it and the middle class has been decimated over it!
What do they have now brain trust?
Only the “let them eat cake” crowd or people who never understood health insurance, fail to see High Risk Pools as a failure out of the box.
Pretend for a minute you're one of us without free top of line gov HC. Then, come up with SOLUTIONS. Oh wait, just woke up from a dream...
Please do us all a favor and retire.
For those who want single payer / socialized medicine have never actually had to use a system like that. It sucks
Make sure every last rep that voted for this is known to their constituents.
Disingenuous. No they don't. Obamacare is dead. Let it RIP
Healthcare is a responsibility, not a massive welfare program!!!!
Chuckle, this is Big-O HC. Trump had nothing to do with the shite you and your henchmen put together. #Backtoworksenator
Yeah if u drive and get in 3 accidents and 3 DUIS ..WHAT HAPPENS ??? INSURANCE GOES UP !!!!
If you really cared, you'd be pushing for single payer right now. Accusing republicans of being republicans isn't enough. What's your plan?
For unaffordable ins. just keep Obamacare as u cant even use it if ur ins. co is still covering U, & U cant afford the deductible anyway
You know Chuckles I'm sure the wait times would be much less than what our Country's Veterans presently put up with....
so thats why @SenSchumer supports #singlepayer ? right? right? no?
Why is your healthcare not Obamacare??? Are you special? Are you entitled? NO ITS UNACCEPTABLE!!!
No Obama care was itself a dear panel stop lying to people
The public needs the details. No health related agencies approve of this!  Would you take a drug they don't approve of?????
Their coronies. The whole system is a mess. And the Dems drove us there.
If u work on making health care affordable people will be able to cover themselves. But the gov is more interested in linking the pockets of
That's what a single-payer health plan would do.
How much you might ask?
Yep basically like Obamacare
Oh chuck quit pandering!
We are already waiting forever and we can't afford the policy now!  Repeal
The thing a lot of people don't get is that, even with affordable healthcare, some people can't even afford copays.
Encourages people not to indulge in high risk behavior!  We can't save everyone!  Use your money not ours!
Your the ones that made it inaffordable
Like in Canada or any socialized medicine state. Obamacare deductibles so high = no insurance for middle class.
Tried in 1988 and applied  for husband having hreart attack..could not get in. Taking cobra was $900 a month.. had 9 bypasses. Still with me
Proof please! As much money as you have taken from the ins lobby I am surprised you dont understand risk pools and underwritting
Thanks to Obamacrap, I can no longer see my primary physician when sick. I need to wait 2+ weeks for an appt. And it's not affordable.
It's called Obamacare. Read the thousands of pages that you blindly accepted as gospel. Now it's coming back to bite you!
Not as bad as Obamacare. A law that poor people couldn't afford.
Like the VA hospitals you have controlled like a single-payer system. Fed govt is terrible @ managing taxpayer $ & you are an awful person.
Depends how you design this high risk pools, current system Allow people to obtain ins after they get sick, is quite disastrous.
Why bother ever getting and paying for insurance while healthy if you can always get insurance after something happens?
Crybaby Schumer
That's a lie they work great. Co-ops work really well. America knows that Chuck try something different
Risk is fundamental to insurance models.....we see this everyday across all types of insurance.
@POTUS That must mean you want to keep your Obama care plan! Wait; you don't have it? You have a Cadillac plan (100% coverage) from senate
So do all these guys trying to take ours away
But Shumer is the titular head of "these guys ". How about leading by example! This clowns only concern; $$$/power!!! Wake up.
#DearLosAngeles imagine if you didn't have to drive to multiple  jobs in order to get enough working hours a week. Democrats laugh at you
Right now we are all being punished for someone else's alcoholism, cigarette smoking, overweight which equates to high rates. Tell truth
Or someone elses cancer, birth defect, asthma, diabetes
God Bless You for fighting for the Weak... @NancyPelosi @tedlieu @Lawrence
@Najjaci_ostaju Your party's junk.
Or paying high premiums and high deductibles and insurance companies fleeing the Obamacare insurance markets
And people in their 50's and 60's will suffer also in addition to people who cannot afford healthcare Ryan and Trump needs to go.
Unaffordable healthcare....sounds like dumbshitcare. Ever increasing premiums and deductibles. Even democrats say it's unaffordable.
The death panel is paying 12k /month with a 6K deductible. I have an insurance card, but no real coverage.
True, many people who actually pay the premium can't use it,  who don't pay can use it free. That's why Bill Clinton called it ridiculous.
U R PATHETIC @SenSchumer OBSTRUCTIONIST 
Where Is the factual evidence to support this.  This is just another scare tactic by democratic leadership.
I truly hope this Administration just lets it fall apart and you asshats get the blame for a very badly written law never read!
Quit the dumbassery.  Single payer.  Better coverage for less money.
Isn't that what we have today?
Your answer for this issue is? Or do you have one?
Healthcare's debacle belongs to Dems who pushed a bill w/o even reading it...now back to the #ComeyHearing
The real death panel is 10k out of pocket deductible and high premiums
Liar
@SpeakerRyan this is pre existing conditions which Ryan lies about. Greedy people who don't care about helping others. Single payer!
And if all are taken care of now-the right way-there should be an exponential decline in the number of higher risks participants. #UseMyCash
It's already that way CHUCK! I get sick, call Dr and they say they can get me for about a month and a half! Try my insurance will you?
Please present facts rather than jawboning
INCREASE MINIMUM WAGE NATIONWIDE TO $15.00 NO LESS GUARANTEED INCREASES OF AT LEAST $.50 EVERY 3 YEARS. IF THEY HIRE SHOULD PAY.
Unfortunately, the House Repubs don't seen to care
STOP ILLEGITIMATE FROM HURTING MORE PEOPLE, OLD, SICK, DISABLED, KIDS, WOMEN, VETERANS. IMPEACH IMPROVE ALL BENEFITS
Don't be fooled. This comes from one who voted for & still defends a failing ACA. They want single payer ins. that we cannot afford. CHANGE!
Been hearing ACA failing since 2015 why hasn't it blown up as yet?
Federal subsidies to states end & insurance companies leave this year. Unaffordable.
That's wishful thinking while it has problems insurance companies aren't pulling out your analysis apply to only a few states
So, by your analysis, ACA is working well, it is affordable & is functioning as intended.
You either didn't read my tweet or read what You agreed with because I clearly said "it has problems" based on what the GOP have it's
Better to fix the issues with the ACA
Ok. Again, to which issues are you referring?
Yes to immigrants; no to ACHA - make America moral, healthy, and kind again!
I have fatal asthma.  Please don't let them do this to me. I'm only 42.
So where is @SarahPalinUSA on this?????
Good question
Keep up the fight Chuck.
So witty and insightful. Look at any other top senator and see the same thing.
did u take drugs this morning or just don’t understand?
Little stevy are one of those ladies dancing u ?
Don't drunk tweet, sir.
Have you considered retirement?
Chuck babe we are watching COMEY
 We sure are!
