U mean the great negotiator that said he would unite USA did not try to get any democrats? LOL Trump is a ConMan!!!
Don't be a fool...it's impossible to unite when biased obstructionist guarantee failures! #CommonSense
Tell me 1 thing Trump has done to unite USA attacked Intel judiciary media women vets Who's the fool!
It's more about what he has not done...unlike HRC and Dem's who preach obstruction & resist (some violent)
Never heard any Dem in power endorse or promote violence like DT  has actually done stop the bullshit!
You have never heard Trump do so either...@SenSchumer  @NancyPelosi @MaxineWaters never denounce violent protest.
Are you kidding he has done it several times on national TV!
Oh so I didn't remove his name...was referring to the other goons you ignored.

Putin Is Crushing Anti-Dictator Protestors...Hillary always spoke up for protestors, but Trump is quiet as a mouse. 
45 doesn't believe in free speech, the right to assemble, religious freedom or...."Crush 'em all"
That is a ridiculous false statement...Trump has NEVER made nor implied such statements.
You misspelled trumpublicans.
No, just indulging in facts and logic. #AntiSnowflake
Because he does not know how to lead only how to bully.
Trump is a leader, but no one can lead obstructionist who REFUSE to follow. #Leaadership101
doesn't surprise me at all that @potus would blame Dems - why didn't @senategop or @speakerryan call you up & ask
the @SenateGOP  @SpeakerRyan DID invite the Dem's, they refused to assist.
Now its time for Dems to lead. Call WH & moderate Rs to improve the ACA. @NancyPelosi @DNC @HouseDemocrats
The @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @DNC @HouseDemocrats are why we are in the OC mess!! Dumb to think they'll fix
Why should he? Remember when Obama shut out Republicans from major policy discussions? I do. What goes around...
YES
Please just shut up!
why would he when you already said no no no
Why so he could talk to an obstruction. Advice, if you want something done don't talk to an obstruction.
Wow, goose/gander; pot/kettle. You rammed ObamaCare through the same way. Remember Pelosi, pass it to find out what's in it.
would you have listened??
time for dems to repair the ACA with repulicans. It's important for Americans that parties work together please
MEDICARE4ALL SIMPLE THRU PAYROLL DEDUCTIONS
totally agree
Well you screwed up Obozocare. You own it. Why should anyone ask your advice on healthcare?
Dems ignored republicans when they shoved ACA down our throats. Eat shit, Schumer.
could you for once in your life be the bigger man and help our country. This obstructive attitude just hurts us all
Really? You should be calling him for help. Let it collapse and he'll fix it.
AS if that would have made any difference.
Why should he? We've already seen how you guys work. Besides we already know you don't actually read the bills.
Why?  The #Dem's forced the original #Obamarape on the country, but the #POTUS should seek your advice? #LOL
Yeah getting people health care is just like rape.
Telling people, "You really do want & need this", then forcing your will on them at their expense. Yup!
Yeah without health insurance you just suffer and die if you get sick.
Because apparently before #Obamacare we were in the dark ages & everyone that got sick just died.
Hey John, check the stats on that and get back to me.
Interesting article that questions it's own validity. Still doesn't prove forcing insurance the answer
Yep just let those poor people die. Keep your money.
What should he? All Democrats did the last 8 yrs was weaken & fiscally cripple the US. No jobs, trillions in debt.
like Obama reached across aisle, "you can come along for ride....get in back of bus!"  Elections have consequences
Why would POTUS contact you when you have done nothing but try & discredit him at every turn with false accusations
Call them for what? They showed resistance from the beginning. @Barb4TRUMP @ThisWeekABC @SenSchumer
/ As Obama did not consult GOP over Obamacare!
Why should he?  Your ideas, as shown by Obamacare, SUCK!
You don't have a f-ing phone? This country is run by nitwits and egomaniacs focused on the size of their puny balls
Chuck Schumer says he's pissed what Trump did, but says Obama doing it was fine! Resign hypocrite!
it's not up to the POTUS to call. Where were the Dems on the committees? Just like everything you'll vote no.
he called but your head is so far up Pelosi butt you didn't hear it.
Did he have call you ? Dose the DNC have no leadership or anyone that is proactive ? No one stopped you but you.
you drew a line in the sand immediately after he won, and named yourselves, "the resistance".
what's the point?! U won't even confirm SCOTUS nominee after GOP supported all your liberal nominees! U r selfish!
How are we going to deal with a baby like Trump? He's a manchild hypocrit with no conscience.
I think I have been sending the message loud and clear u will fight every step he takes.
we know. He saw what you did to it the first time !
SENSCHUMER WOULD ONLY ASSIST TRUMP WHEN IT COMES TO OBAMA CARE.????
The phone goes both ways SenSchumer#Excuses#Obfuscation
NO rational person believes lying Schumer about anything.He is more interested in trashing good people.UGLY persona
why the hell would he. You did not call the republicans when you passed Obamacare U SOB. ACA explodes this year.
BULL, Ezekiel Emmanuel went to WH three times! Elijah Cummings met with him over drug pricing. Do ur job!
DEMOCRAP = LIAR
You will be called a liar like always when truth comes out
That's the way @POTUS  builds consensus (apparently) sad. But, maybe that will change.
oh yeah because your willing to negotiate. According to you POTUS hasn't done 1 good thing. My 401k is doing well.
Schumer would it have made a difference? You democrats have not been willing to help do anything. Come together
Are you 5 years old? Grow up. Get your ego out of the way and start working for THE PEOPLE!!!!
Obama never talked to Reps. in 8 years!!!!
And U never went there on your own either so you both are at fault Senator....
Politicans with Cadillac health plans telling ruling upon citizens what type of plan they can have. Hyppocrites!
Senator, could you please support the single payer health care bill now being brought to congress.
Because you weren't going to RESIST AND OBSTRUCT ANYMORE? #truth #DEMSARELIARS
Yea like Dems incuded R's passing failed AFFORDABLE care act...Fucken hypocrite!
To: Repubs
Including "Lie, Cheat, & Steal" in Your Platform
has proved a "Godsend"
but Trump has taught U a Lesson
U knew GOP was working on it. Y didn't u get in there & help? You've never backed off of anything, when it suits u.
But they had 7 years to come up with a plan and this pos was it? Okay, maybe they been lying to you
I agree. Ryan said he'd been working on ACHA all that time & nothing. He's very ignorant. Ryan knows nothing!
liar, liar, liar, liar
GOP said same thing bout Barry
#45 hasn't called Barack either!  So much for continuity.
Like Obama never reached across the aisle either. You all need to grow up! Do your jobs for the Amer. People.
Once again Sen Schumer, you should not be the spokesman for Dem party. Effective behind the scenes. Grow the party.
Chuck you announced to the world that you would do nothing to help. Only promised to obstruct.
...At least not in the way that you called him on it... =D
@realDonaldTrump What do you expect (IDIOT) when you declare that you would challenge, filibuster everything.
Obamacare, Schumercare, go get the Recticare people's, it going to get messy, even in Park Slope... Lookout below 
 Like Dems did when you jammed Obamacare down our throats! "We'll see what's in it after it passes" @NancyPelosi
.@ThisWeekABC @SenSchumer Of course he didn't...but in his ass-backwards 20/20 version he stayed up all night calling EVERYone!
you opposed everything so far
Your dialing finger broken?
we need both parties to work together to fix the health care system not destroy it. hopefully message got through.
why bother; what would you have said after standing u planned to obstruct  - words matter
Why should he. You work for the people. You should want to make health care great. It is you job!!!
Get to work.
Did you show any initiative on behave of the American People, HELL NO, You dems are as COMMUNIST as Putin.
isn't it time for you to take your toys and go yet?
BO met with the Repubs on healthcare. He shut them down and didn't want to hear what they had to say.Difference is?
Of course not. He's too arrogant.  He knows how to do everything - bigly.
This guys is such a clown. Ugh!
very impressed with Schumer.
Trying to be Harry Reid, maybe he can lie in front of Congress like good ol Harry.
@themiterman @SenSchumer I'm sure that it's all your fault because you didn't call him. He's rubber your glue.
Chuck you were on . Keep fighting for us!
Yep.  Let everything be passed by simple majority.  Forget why we have a constitution.
You own it. You said it's what's best. Obama just told us the same. It's Obamacare, #SchumerTheClown
No tears please act like a grown up!!! Your job is to govern. Did you initiate!!! No you own Obamacare
Donald Trump & Paul Ryan OWN this disaster
#TrumpCareFail 
@POTUS @SpeakerRyan @PressSec @GOP
I'm guessing you mean failure to repeal/replace failing ACA.
Who does Trump think he is - Obama - who never called anyone ever
. Yes he was the most arrogant and heartless ever
He only likes Islam not christians
Did you call him?
. Why should he look at the mess you gave people with Obama Care. What an idiot.
@realDonaldTrump He didn't call you?  Your job is to get involved.  If you are just collecting a paycheck, resign.
Obama n democrats didn't call republicans to help with anything for 8 yrs just pushed n forced dems will on people
Why the hell would he call you? That would be like calling a plumber because electric power went out
dont blame him. Youre an obstructionist and need to go.
Yeah republicans were so helpful over the last 8 years. Sucks to get it back doesn't it.
Gee how shocking! He is a Thug
TOTAL opposite of what Obama did!
Why would he when you've made it clear up front that dems won't help Americans get decent healthcare?
@JenniferJJacobs @SenSchumer   Obama met with GOP leaders how many times in eight years?
because u slammed the door in his face b4 he even took his position on the 20 th
sorry but when Dem leadership made it clear they plan to resist absolutely everything shouldn't be surprised.
But then Donald can't say he's shocked ppl who say they won't negotiate don't negotiate. Especially when he doesn't ask.
ask who? Nancy Pelosi who calls him names daily? Schumer who says he is not the legitimate President?
Maxine Waters who says he is about to be impeached? Let's be honest dems are all about resisting right now. Wish it weren't so
Aw republicans are getting back what they gave for the last 8 years.
objecting on substantive grounds is fine. Obstructing for pure political reasons or for revenge is not.
So the actions of the republicans for the last 8 years wasn't okay.
some were not but many were core disagreements over policy. Republicans don't think govt should run healthcare.
gee chuckie don't phones work both ways???? stay off TV and meet face to face with trump!
The notion that the Democrats "should cooperate" is mind boggling.
nut case
You already had announced you wouldn't cooperate. You can't have it both ways Chuck.
What did U expect, POTUS to personally come to U, Pelosi, n Dizz-Lizz n kiss ur ass! Get off ur asses n wk !!
Now you know what it was like when you shoved O'care down our throats and up the other end-CHUCKY- go home
U dems & reps have this president caught in ur web of ongoing bullsh*t. When will u start representing the people??
the only way this works is a bipartisan fix
POTUS called you. Only problem was that you were hiding under your desk with Nancy Pelosi.
That bus had Ryan's name on it & @realDonaldTrump threw him under it    #DonTheCon
The GOP told us they began work on it 7 years ago, long before Trump was in the picture.
you don't show up for work, waste of our tax dollars
@FoxNews @realDonaldTrump 
POTUS didn't call? Sort of like Obama when he was ramming Obamacare down our throats?
@realDonaldTrump Watch this week on ABC news. P.S. We all know you threw @SpeakerRyan under the bus.
as if you're open to even one idea @POTUS supports and the American ppl want. Why do you think ur the minority?
Why should he? You are all irrelevant losers who got into this mess. You're the problem not part of the solution.
And why should he Senator?  You would only block, block, and block anything?

afraid to have to make sensible concessions?
hey Chucky, how many conservatives were invited to provide input on O-care? None. Zero. Nada. Zilch.
Hey Chuck: You know how to use a phone, don't you? Get over yourself. You always sound like a big baby!
Has AG Sessions called you about a those numerous private plane flgts to Teterboro?  Illegal gifts Investigate NOW!
It sucks when the shoes on the other foot, huh? 'member when Obama said, "I won and you didn't"? Didn't work w/R's
No, I don't remember that. I'm sure you have a source of him saying it, right? Like tRump did days ago.
YES! As a matter of fact I do! http://wapo.st/2ooCr4r  The correct quote was "I won, deal with it" @ThisWeekABC @SenSchumer
lol wapo #fakenews like cnn
sounds a lot like your party that gave us the current pile of crap 
you was to busy sitting on your ass We the people asked you too but you did nothing
Liar!!
What a sad angry egg.
why would he you are an ACA supporter. and not a very smart one. Just a scheming calculating one
You lost, get over it snowflake.
You two know each other 4ever. What happened? I had such high hopes of you two getting a lot of good done together
He thought Republicans could pass alone. He is not a very good leader.
So now he knows.  Extreme Conservatives have same attitude as Obama, my way or the highway.
it's really because @POTUS said REPEAL OCARE. What's diff. Repeal USA bad health care for USA better health care?
As if that would have made a diff. Did you call him Chuck? He's been a lil busy trying to run a country ya know...
He's spent more time playing golf in 2 months than Obama did in 8 years. Trump has to sell the plan.
that's laughable. Trump held his hand out to Schumer/Pelosi and they cut it off.  Two old partisan hacks.
You have shown nothing but hate so YOU are the last one who should complain. You care only about you.
Republicans didn't work w Obama on Obamacare to make it better at the time.
sounds familiar.  How many Reps got called by Obama?
Need to if it's for the grater good of the Nation ?
@JenniferJJacobs @SenSchumer another lier, who cares more illegals and criminals than Americans. POS
Facts don't matter. Blame is the game
- He wanted to know where loyalties were. Especially The Speakers. Now he can proceed his way.
- proceed to jail, do not pass go, do not collect $200 million dollars
why on earth would he do that? Your health care plan failed. You should be thanking the freedom caucus
lol! You are quite the nipple head!
Yep, just like I said, Lying hack as usually, Nothing new from #SNAKEOILSchumer
it's Sunday. Write it down and save it till tomorrow.
@JenniferJJacobs @SenSchumer to be fair they didn't do a good job the first time soooo
If his own party didn't support it, why waist time with the obstructionists?!
you are as disingenuous as they come. @realDonaldTrump has history of donations to Dems and GOP. #draintheswamp
@JenniferJJacobs @SenSchumer he talked with the creator of it, but sure.
you know Obamacare is failing,you've killed middle-class which you also know,so dishonest
B'cuz he doesn't care!
He is blaming you though for the Reps withdrawing the vote. Odd how that works.
Chuck is an obstructionist! Why bother with any discussions with corrupt Chuck!
From CNN: "He didn't care or particularly know about health care," that’s the real Trump. Scam, liar and cheat. Blames, points and deflects.
Fake tears crying baby @SenSchumer on @ThisWeekABC  complaining @POTUS did not call me ..  LOSER!
