that's fine they LOVE this country. Then why don't they file permanent resident visas like every other incoming LEGAL Immigrant?
Because dreamers can't . Thats why this whole situation is happening. If they could apply for legal status they would already....
they have at least one parent who lives with them ILLEGALLY, I understand, so why can't they? They certainly didn't raise themselves.
This is why the dream act is needed so dreamers can be able to pay to become legal residents.
Do you think Mexico would allow an American to come there like that? No we would be thrown in their prisons then killed or deported.
I go there all the time and they welcome me with open arms. Get out of your bubble Comrade
You are one in a million then. I know of people, including military, who were immediately thrown into their mickey mouse jails & left to rot
That is a lie please stop lieing to yourself .Have you gone yourself ?
I question how much you do love this country,  you fight harder for People who are not supposed to be here, then the ones that do
I question how much white people in this country really know that they are the real immigrants of this continent #columbusgotlost
I know I was born here, so I'm a native. So we're my parents and grand parents

America is about equal opportunities not equal results. That you have to go and pursue aka get off your butt and get it.
If it's really about equal opportunity why are white privilege and white supremacy cornerstones of our countrys infrastructure.
I love this country too. My ancestors died trying to keep their ancestral lands- and now you're giving the country away. Can we start over?
UNLESS YOU'RE AMERICAN INDIAN THEN NO COMMENT
Thank you!
These AMERICAN CITIZENS had their DREAMS STOLEN FROM THEM when some of the LEFT'S  "DREAMERS" MURDERED THEM! Tell Congress to obey our laws!
How do you know those people were dreamers?
No, what’s American is upholding the rule of law. I feel for them, but you can’t come here illegally and expect special treatment.
Yeah stop the "its for the kids" if only it were maybe you would have any argument. get down to real stats, the facts.
While you object to policies that help Americans!
WHERE'S THE WHITES??
After pic, they walk away mocking/cursing his white privilege & he walks away laughing @ their stupidity of thinking he cares. HILARIOUS!
Why didn't you do something when the Dems were in control? You had Obama who was on board? Hmmmm
Haven't you paid attention, GOP obstruction prevented a lot of good things from happening under Obama
You didn't "pay attention " Democrats didn't NEED THEIR VOTES then,  but,  they do now!
They should All go to Jail then be sent Back!!!
Wait? You love this country? Listening to you makers me think US cause of all world problems.
don’t forget #Dreamers’s families #slaveLabor must stop #BuildTheWall it’s a tool needed #Drug mules R butchering our #Nation #SenSchumer
NO. GET THEM OUT. SAVAGES.
Or maybe they can take their education to their home country and use it to excel there. Great thinking huh.

Chuck are you going to go after their parents for the child abuse that put them in peril?  Just wondering.
Need a solution to stop in flow of illegal immigration before making this law. Otherwise it is a reoccurring problem. Be responsible.
YOU DONT SEEM TO CARE ABOUT DACA at all. JUST A PHONY PONY SHOW. IF HE CARED SO MUCH COMPROMISE
Thank you, Sen. Schumer. They are so much a part of America that many speak English only, never having learned Spanish.
what about those trying to get in legally? what position are they in on your list of helping people? follow the rules and get screwed!!!!!!!
This part of your dreamers schumer?..
Bring them to your house
YES LETS DO THAT. THANKS CHUCK FOR STEPPING UP.
The only thing you love is yourself...
Let’s help the Dreamers get on a bus back to their country
You Chuck, are a disgrace to the taxpayers and this country! Your one reason our gov't waste so much money, go home and get out of congress
Liberals looking for more people to enslave beholden to them for votes. Love to keep people on plantation by their ideology and policies.
I see lots of teens/20 somethings.  Wonder when they were going to become legal citizens?
My grandkids do too. And they are born u.s
 Citizens. Yet DACA kids get in state tuition and my grandson doesnt. How come? Just wrong.
They also get pick of jobs. Over 4million. Young legal Americans can't get jobs. Makes sense right. Punish our kids for their parents crimes
Thank you ! Yes lets pass #DreamActNow

I find it appalling how you have done nothing for Americans but whine about illegals.  Our children have dreams that you refuse to accept.
don't care what anyone says, Chuck S. Is my main boo! He's tough as nails and I'll fight for him all the way. Stop with liberal purist shit!
.@SenBillNelson .@USRepKCastor If they have to return home and apply like any other legal immigrant, ok.  If they get a cut in line, nope.
So lot of other people with higher skills and education! You know how difficult is to obtain a work visa n being smuggled by parents is ok?!
They don’t belong they are illegals
Why haven't many Dreamers gone back to the home country to get legal like my one of my relatives husbands?   That's the right thing to do.
Dreamers get more benefits than citizens. No right. Send them back!
Why don't you tell these Dreamers to apply for citizenship.
Why don't you tell these #
You really want their VOTES ! Shameless Mr Senator
Don't, do them a REAL favor, let them EARN their citizenship the honest way.  As I did!  THAT is something to be proud of, not a hand out.
No let's deport them
Should have had a bus waiting if you really loved America.
Chuckie you DON'T LOVE US Constitution based America. You love Socialist America.  SO DACA are Socialist like you Chuckie? Real.
how about we give them money for legal fees so they can do it legally, the right way like my grandparents!!!!

Chuck if you loved this country  drop the CONFISCATE GUN rhetoric.  And you would push to BAR Hillary from any politics because of BENGHAZI.
so called dreamers have been taking advanage of Americans for years if they love US then leave and come back legally lets see how many will?
you don't love this country shumer you want to ruin this country by flooding it with illegals who violate law, fraud, steal welfare, & kill

What about all the people that shut down Nancy Pelosi? Let me see you hug it out with them!!
no way
No chucky boy- support Americans not illegals
Crying Chuck, for months u made them sound like children. They look 35?
Wow. There's a big lie
Ya Chuck just let anybody come here illegally. Screw the ones that are waiting the right way.
CHUCK HERE IS THE HEADLINES THIS MORNING Vicious sucker punch caught on video in Texas HE WAS MEXICAN do you still them here, read the news
YOU WANT TO GIVE 800,000 DREAMERS AMNESTY SO THEIR 9 MILLION "RELATIVES" COME IN AND VOTE DEMOCRAT! SLEAZY DEMOCRATS!
make sure you squeeze the mothers who lost children the same way and tell them how much you like illegals.
If they love it as much as you say then they should respect the laws of the land.
Most of us do and EARN our citizenships.
I guess that's why they want to replace the US flag with the Mexican flag!
So now the new requirement is to love the country like a politician does? They just live off of other peoples hard work sound familiar?

Maybe we will help if you beef up border security so this situation doesn’t keep happening .
So why haven’t they applied for citizenship?
No doubt they love it like you do they are people getting paid by the taxpayers of America who don't deserve it. #EndDACA Send Them HOME!
They love all the freedoms & free educations but fly their Mexican flags & celebrate Mexico’s holidays!No!You become a citizen or leave!
Schumer how about you fight for Americans for better health care, tax reform, build the wall, secure borders, deporting criminal illegals
You don't love this country you are a hypocrite. You try to undermine the president at every turn. It will backfire on all democrats MAGA
Didn't you vote no on the Iran Deal during the Obama Administration? What say you now?
You’re so full of it. What’s truly American is following the law in which you are willing to break by allowing this. U can’t even help VETS

pray not like you do sch. your love has a price.
Fight 4 my Legal E2 dependent kids. Ageout @ 21. No path for them. Excluded from DreamAct - WHY? AMERICAN dream should be theirs too!
Same for H4 and L2 kids. Please consider them too
No
Let’s keep the honest Dreamers and deport leftists trash such as YOU
SenSchumer: I tried calling you this a.m. but was disconnected twice.  Please Please  Help Us all on Medicare.  I have MS and CHF.  Please.
How about a pic with the survivors of the dead other "Dreamers" left behind?
guess so...  as long as the follow the legal path...don* t you think??? My grandparents did. As theirs before them!
How about fighting for legal American citizens for a change. Wouldn't that be a novel idea for democrats??!!


Some Hill Democrats have given back their dirty Weinstein cash, but the DNC is still holding onto its $246,000… 
It's time to make America great again what about our workers
Law is the law for me. Damn if I was illegal I could do what ever the hell I wanted. Sucks to be a law abiding citizen. Leaders for ILLEGALS
Let's have them pay taxes and stop driving up my NYS SCHOOL TAXES, no taking assistance become Americans but 4 now go 2 the end of the line
Send them back where they came from. They weren't born here.
Illegals!  Sucking us dry and takung jobs! Why do u hate American workers?
have they ever flown an American flag,do they own one,or anything patriotic to USA,you know what the answer is,very telling
Thank you and other LIBERAL DEMOCRATS for making my parents and sister Republicans after being lifelong Democrats. I can talk politics now!
Smart people.......at what point did they have enough of having the wool pulled over their eyes??
You are so full of it Schumer .. you love the votes . Stop Lying NOW
What about my son who is an American who wanted to go to college to be an engineer but we could not afford it so his dream was ruined.
Blah blah blah
chuckie, get your billy clinton arms off that women! shame on your
But unlike us we're not in LA stopping traffic at rush hour and causing are police to have to deal with it
See Schumer they're in LA now blocking traffic.. why, because DACA isn't enough now, it's all or nothing. Turn on your TV and look
Build the wall first.
Such a hypocrite! Then shut up and pass legislation.  You had 8 years to do something.  Potus gave you additional time.
You know what’s insane King Rat, you pushing illegal actions for http://votes.You  good give a Rat’s ass about any of them. HYPOCRITE!
Breaking the law is not #American  U have a warped definition of what it means to be #American #DemocraticClown 
If they loved this country some much, why do they keep flying the Mexican flag
chuckie you just love your pocket book, otherwise you would not hate the constitution so much
Move them to your how your time is up you will be voted out
I question if you do love America. You do not act like you do.
Bullshit.
You don't love this country an they should of applied for citizenship
Why don't you lineup all of your people and challenge the republicans. Make them stand up and be counted. Or can you?
Yes..It would b nice if they would follow immigration laws lie my Parents Did! Just sayin!@magaMy Dad became a Lawyer and A Judge!
Illegal is illegal period! Do your job and enforce federal laws. Mexico strictly enforces their immigration laws as should the US.

#BREAKING: Trump told top Health Department official to deny Iowa's request to fix ObamaCare market: report http://hill.cm/18XOQxC  
100%true
Our Dreamers in Puerto Rico just lost their homes, jobs, possessions & we should be looking to bringing them into Country before illegals!
Those crimnials should be DEPORTED ASAP
Complete Fake Man
No...its incomplete, rewards wrong behaviors, and will encourage more illegal entry into the US. Sorry, cant support this as is.
Not to mention incentivizes human trafficking as it tells people to get into US anyway possible, keep down low, and you will be rewarded.
Then why have you done nothing ? Hypocrite
DEPORT all illegals now. No amnesty! No exceptions!
What about the ones that don't?  You will let them stay too.
You just need to get them registered to Vote ASAP to fit your Narrative. After that forget about them like Detroit, Chicago or Baltimore.
Looking for those votes
Americans are dreamers also why don’t you want to help hs?
You love this country because it made you rich while you have done nothing to help it.
You know what's even more American? Holding them accountable to the same laws I am. And the rest of the country is. That'd be awesome
This shit makes me laugh. I hope it passes. But your pretense to give a shit is sickening
They make my American dream broke by taking my job. This is crime of treason letting us citizens go hungry and don't have money to see docto
And what job did "they" take from YOU? Hungry? No money for doc? Yet you're Tweeting.
Dickey Amendment (1996) NEEDS TO BE REMOVED! CDC NEEDS GUN RESEARCH!
Ya same people a few months ago burning the American flag
Good idea. Criminals DEPORT. another’s put on path to citizenship, but not ahead of those on the list.  Legal Americans first chuck. FIRST
Lets show them that even though their parents broke immigration law you can still get rewarded because of Dingbat Democrats in Congress!
Give us the wall if you want the Dream Act passed!
How about adding tax reform, healthcare and enforcing our current immigration laws there chucky
Your dream is my Nightmare at City Hall
Illegals wanting free bees. Deport all of them.
Your Dreamer's are our Nightmarer's, Chuckie
Ignore all thoses who are honest and are trying to come here legally, old man. Destroy what makes America a great country.
so quit photo oping and get to work. walk the talk chuckeee. walk the talk.
I do believe you love this country because you haven’t done anything that would show that.

Will Charles Schumer give back this money from serial sexual predator Harvey Weinstein?

Where is @jaketapper? He's covering this up! 

This is a photo op for me. I don’t care about any of these people.
Chucky, @POTUS44 Hussein @BarackObama & @TheDemocrats's days of #IllegalImmigration r over!
alright chuck. But.  They're gonna be paying for the lovely wall.
Good take your salary and pay for them CHUCKIE
So Chuck Schumer  Dreamers are more important then Americans we have dreams too we pay they get it free
BS
What's truly American is 4 u 2 honor the laws of this country 2 protect the American citizens that voted u 2 the senate but u don't care USA

I think that's the problem Chucky they love it as much as you do. They want to destroy it too
why did Dems not do this when they were in control of House and SenateHouse passes budget, paving way for tax reform
Most "Dreamers" hate Americans and legal immigrants. Take it from someone who lives in the REAL world.
Know any tax cheats, EPA violators, fraud, identity theft that love this country? Children of citizen criminals? Are they Dreamers
Why didn't the parents help them? You know apply for citizenship? My children dream too  nobody has helped them.
Yeah, they really love us!
What are they Dreaming about?
So they can make more demands, not ready to assimilate are they.
How about this Chuckie you agree to step down from your seat, will give you the dream act.
Way to go Angel! We're proud of you!
Are you taking them home

There are no dreamers in Mexico you know why because they deport you when they catch you they enforce the laws of Mexico

Thanx little chucky just talked to the family and we're going too buy a couple more guns this weekend, cause of you! Thank you!!


You don't really love it Chuck. Be honest. You'd rather we were a Communist country so you could have total control.
Really Mr.Chuck for now the truly American helping them, are kurdish peoples becouse have bad#KurdistanBlockade? Pleas #SupportKurdistan  !!
Send them home, they love breaking the law.
Neither of you do.  You try to make if something it was never intended to be, they feel entitled to being rewarded for being illegal.
Ok maybe a little But I love Chuck. Almost as much as you boo boo 
Senator, what do you love about America? You keep talking about repealing parts of the constitution, which is America. Why? Bill of rights.
I wasn't aware that the Las Vegas Shooter had been revealed as an NRA member.
Looks like Chuck has his eye on the short one. Please check her dress...another Bubba.
No, let's not pass the Dream Act. I'm for LEGAL immigration not ILLEGAL immigration. Chuckie is an insincere idiot.
What about helping us the working stiff u have done nothing for us in 9 years
Get in back of the line illegals!! America First!!
Maybe we should make America only for peaceloving, fair-minded, democrats.
No!
Only if these #Dreamers only knew that you were using them as poons
