That executive order would be un-Constitutional and unenforceable.  Please read up on how government works.
OK. Please explain to us the Repubs' plan, in detail, & how it helps you.
Nope. That's nothing to do with what GOP plan does - or doesn't do. Try again.
I asked you a simple question. Stop tap dancing.
Mr Schumer .
Please arrange some time  with U & my senator @PattyMurray  2 meet w/ John McCain 
Make a better health care bill /together
But McCain voted for the crappy GOP one
There was no vote earlier today on the Bill but for the bill to go forward for debate.. Facts matter..
Wrong. They voted on BCRA; McCain was a yea.
On a lame duck Democrats lame duck Democrats lame duck Democrats lame duck Democrats lame duck Democrats
why don't you help? I don't understand. Do you hate us all so much that you have to save a man's useless legacy?
The R's don't want to help. They are stuck because they demonized Ocare.  They belittled and railed. And now can't come up with anything
What the hell is that all about? The r`s r trying to help. Not easy with something that was set up to fail and lied about all along.
You know full well "r"s haven't helped one iota. ACA was not set up to fail, and would have been better had your "r"s cared to help then.
You obviously know absolutely nothing & are happy to spout all the BS you hear on Fox. You & yours have no ability to think for yourselves.
OK bye bye
In your dreams Schumer!
Vote to repeal!!
Stop trying to divide America, soros' money isn't worth it
Joinu for what. More obstruction an worthless rhetoric

elections have consequences remember? How's that obstruct and resist working for ya? You're a traitor to your party! Sad!
You guys messed it up and now you are blaming the republicans. America sees you!!
Fight for us Mr Schumer, we need democrats to stand firm we are behind you 100%
Thank you.
No Chucky it needs fixed and since you demos didn't fix it republicans will....quit obstructing this.
How about, you know, ACTION. Not just groups & words, but ACTION. Something - anything - to prevent this travesty from moving forward.
Why don't you work together .What are Dems suggestions. As a former democrat would like to know.
Give up chuck it has hurt to many of us Americans go trump
It's so interesting that YOU would use the term 'trojan horse'...since America KNOWS that YOU are a HORSES ASS!!
What you want would never get past the conservative reps!
I'm a Republican,  I'll get on board to keep ACA, but what do we do with the 16 million currently not receiving health care?
You're not giving up, you're just giving a standing ovation and a hug to a man who flew to DC to destroy it.

We deserve better than you.
You're a joke
#ABetterDeal
Today,  as President Trump tweets about Transgender and the military, I ask that you STAY FOCUSED on Healthcare bill.
Not giving up on what you just admitted was a bad deal.
Great pep talk on what we need. But no direction on how you plan to make it work? What a joke. Just step down already and let someone help.
Tell us your plans to make your ideas work like... who's going to pay for it?
Let's see if you will earn your money and put forth ideas instead of criticism.  You guys will be voted out in 2018 if you don't
Btw... u gave up on Healthcare after u passed it. Shame on you, all of u for not fixing it... u had 9 years. Now it must go..your fault!
@SenSchumer & @NancyPelosi  should have wet underwear... LOOK at that CROWD!! 
https://twitter.com/Scavino45/status/889705105070718978 ….
President @realDonaldTrump @ the National Boy Scouts Jamboree in West Virginia w/ @SecPriceMD, @SecretaryZinke & @SecretaryPerry. #Jambo2017 
If the Dems spent as much time in working on solutions for healthcare as they spend on the steps we might get something done!
Blah blah blah
Time for single payer system. Healthcare for all
You libs own this HC mess.  Just sitting back watching you ruin the Dem. party and push people to the right.
so you and your  A hole dems throw a temper tantrum on the steps of the capital. like little children.  OMG.
Drop the #healthcare debate and give it back to the states.

So you're sticking with socialism no surprise. Look U.K. Killing baby over healthcare. People will wake up @DNC just wants control not care

Crying Chuck ....
Yep do your thing, instead of helping people obstruct
Disgusting
Thank you.
You should helping with #healthcare instead of laughing at the Republicans. At least they're trying to fix problems. #Obamacare is your mess
@SenSchumer, @RepMaloney has been ADVOCATING for me to #SaveACA!
Need you & @SenGillibrand.Today Will come to DC!
I continue to fight #ACARepeal because of people like @morethanmySLE, Baby Theo & @RedTRaccoon. We must #ProtectOurCare 
alright, @SenSchumer let's start with SINGLE PAYER HEALTHCARE for ALL AMERICANS. stop shilly-shallying around the issue and STAND UP FOR US!
Lyin' Cryin' obstructionist Chuck fighting for the disastrous NObamacare law.
Lyin' Cryin' obstructionist Chuck.
Please stop the show boating and actually start working on a PLAN. Where is my party? U have no ideas. Run from the left. Never say “poor."
I don't won't happen it would all be bad company
So get involved and help to insure Trump Care helps your supporters
I hope you get beat for your seat, we the people need someone working for us not against our President!
The illegal immigrants have a better Health care plan that we the tax people pay for
Chuck you gave up on 20 million FORCED TO BUY INS OR PAY A TAX PENALTY. Which had the choice of affordable ins before obama mandate
Hey Chuck you do know there are more people in NY that aren't left. I thought the DEMS ARE FOR ALL THE PEOPLE  That's ur motto don't look it
Democrats fixed our healthcare the last time. Without anybody's help. Now it's broken. Please stop helping.
Aren't you going to make a statement on the latest development? https://twitter.com/newttrump/status/889956872714940416 …
Thanks for obstruction. Obviously you don't believe in people over party. Hopefully New York wakes up and votes your ass out.
LOSER HYPOCRITE
Senator @SenSchumer , your alternative of NOTHING is a ruse.
Stick to your pointand don't let them  sidetrack. GOP has majority & 2 reps voted NO. Don't let them put ppl last
start working for them people that elected u a& pay your check. or resign. America first or look forward to be forced out
put urself on obamacare then maybe you will do the right thing. but for now you are the party of obstruction,
Did u not hear Mcains speech,
U were interviewed-Single Payer? No response. Skipped reply. Danced around. Next time answer with the REAL reason! OK!! $$$ to pockets or...
Same bs " we have a better deal" yet cant even vote to further discussion!
Poor Chuckles...Boo Hoo Hoo Hoo...Boo Hoo Hoo Hoo.......YOU lose!
You gave up when you passed ACA! Should have read it first so u knew what was in it or NOT! Had ur chance and blew it!!! BIG TIME; familiar?
More bs from obstructionist,HC more important than Russia? Why no vote on further dialogue! Dems impeach,collusion
You are beginning to bore the hell out of me.
Hey Chucky if Obamacare is so damn great then why do you not have it you can give up your free healthcare don't be a hypocrite
Your not doing nothing but obstruct. You will never win the middle-class back
Feds arrest IT staffer for Wasserman Schultz trying to leave country
America's President is delivering a campaign promise chuckie. It will be better than Obama care
Must be nice to get paid by working Americans yet do nothing for us! Shame on you Chuck
What healthcare? You forced a disaster on the American people knowing it would fail. You betrayed us and that's why were independents
Be honest.  You ain't gonna vote 'yes' on anything.
You will have an opportunity to have your amendments heard and voted on but if it passes or fails then that's how the process works.
Obamacare is dead, it just needs to be buried now.
https://youtu.be/7VXzyspYz14 
Now you have to work. Slacker
Schumer spent the week bashing HRC and making hokey slogans. Ryan laughed at u & McConnell took healthcare away from Americans
What is your message?  What are your options to improve it? Tell the American people.
What you mean not giving up? You finished it when you passed ObamaCare King Rat. Point the finger at that long nose of yours. You did it.
I told you what you need to do, Senator. It was your friends across the aisle who broke ACA to begin with (No! Free Market! Free Market!).
Tell those insurers to take part in the exchanges in every state or take their business elsewhere.
They would rather take a pay cut than get fired. There's still too much money to be made in the Exchange.

Thank you for all your work. You need to do more. This cannot pass. Period. Engage in civil disobedience if necessary
Just watch a Trump rally - WOW, the excitement is a breath of fresh air! President Trump is light years ahead of Democrats and Republicans
But you dems just refused to fund the program allowing Vets to see a private doc instead of dieing while on a waiting list!
The stop being an ass and join the GOP in fixing it
Your vote.
Nothing says action more than a bunch of fools standing on the steps saying how much they hate Trump. You lost. Now get to work 4 the people
ADMIT DEFEAT 
What is happening to America if you have a healthy Nation you have a strong Nation
Ah, continue to resist &divide America.Why don't u try to use reason & make things right for all ppl. If u agree with ACA why don't u use it
It's because of you that we are in this mess. You seriously need to back off so itcanbe fixed. You're really hurting us all!! Stop it!
It would be a blessing if the democrats want to help but after the way  you, Pelosi, Schiff have acted I will have to see it to believe it
Obstructionist
You blamed us for Putin/Trump conspiring to thwart our PV winning candidate in the EC.  I'll never understand why you do that.
Repeal ACA. It does not help the people. The ACA must just line the Democrats pockets.
Get a stronger slogan, younger leaders and start kicking butt. Stop playing nice with monsters.
Yes and maybe try to convince the other #democRATS and the #crookedclintons to stop murdering people. #SethRichMurder #SethRichCoverUp
All you want is single-payer so you can hold all Americans hostage to another incompetent gov't program. VA here we come.
How about a little outrage, Chuck!?!? Dang
THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK ARE GIVING UP ON YOU OBSTRUCTIONIST LIAR CHUCK SCHUMER VOTE DO NOTHING SCHUMER OUT MAKE NEW YORK GREAT AGAIN
cry cry didnt get our way
Please use this opportunity to put forward one payer system, other improvements to the ACA.


You mean your not done obstructing


I'll share u gave up on HC when u passed this failed obama care & NEVER read a word in the law so now u want America to believe u care NOT
You've given up because you don't want to discuss. Obstruction only.
Instead of condemning the bill why don't you lead a non partisan effort to make it something great for all Americans. It's kinda your job.
You gave up when you voted for obamacare
Please let me he ACA die there is nothing affodable about it.
The Republicans own it now when it fails like the Trump said.

Chuck Schumer's "new" economic plan in the Times is great. I also liked it when it was Hillary Clinton's campaign platform.
Chuck live your enthusiasm, but no more rally's, go after the moderate Repubs that still love this country more that DTJ
Jr . You gave up by not voting for an open debate. If you don't vote to debate you keep your mouth shut.
If you like Obamacare so much, how come your  not on it?  Too good for it? 
Now you panic and want to work with Republicans to fix ACA after all your protest and obstructing. Really! No one is buying it...
Did you hear Mc cains speech today. selfish Chuck. He was talking about Obstructionist like you.
Uh oh spaghetti-O! https://twitter.com/seanmdav/status/889951239286530050 …
Lier
Instead of thx Chuck Schumer for standing up to the GOP, thank me 4 th 600 hund. D $$ u take outa my paycheck every week.
If you want better pizza ,Papa John ,better health, economy, life ,liberty, justice for all stand by the GOP
Stop obstructing
Please continue to reach across the aisle to repair the ACA.  It's important to all of us.
safety nets, free markets, patient choices, and lower costs are not mutually exclusive. Stop fund raising and #gotowork #BetterPlan
I'll be pass!!  Repeal Obumercare.
Work harder to prevent this horror .  Call out McConnell for his menace and  Trump for his madness.
SAVE MY ACA. And then FIX IT.
I don't use "Facebook" Don't believe in it or trust it. Russia likes "Face book".
I've supported you for ages but no more. Please join Bernie and start your own party. Dems defend their own not traitor Bernie.
Government has become a self-serving, self preserving entity which accumulates power and wastes money. USA needs congressional term limits
How about standing up and fighting these Gopers, tooth and nail, relentlessly, to support the people, not the corporations.
nothing you can do we were given death sentences today by the GOP they don't care

You gave up on healthcare years ago when you passed ACA
YOU are America's clown. @POTUS will fix the healthcare nightmare Lib idiots strapped us with. Thanks for the show. #MAGA
It appears you are now an authority on disastrous bills.Ironic since you had a hand in this piece of crap ACA that we are all suffering with
I ask myself how this country I love so much wound up in this state. I see self serving Democrats and Republicans and I wonder no more
You are useless. Complicit.
#Obstructionist
For the love of what's good for the american , stop the bullshit and get with McConnell,  your and his obligations are to people, not party
Honestly, Chuck? After last week, you don't really represent me anymore. I'm not a white male.
Time for you to resign Chuckie,you are totally ineffective in your postion.
Thank you for continuing to fight for us.
You are an absolute genius! Just heard your statement of the obvious about DJ T and AG. You are just brilliant be on your time.
Will you be purting some more fake tears? If not, count us out.
Enough already!  Start fighting! Don't applaud McCain after he shits on your constituents! Time to purge this "representation"  #soft


Again! Blind is still just blind!
You are a joke

The better deal is when you resign
