FRA backs off sleep apnea testing push http://bit.ly/2vjl0H9  
Why does everything have to be on the back of government? Can u not think of anything that doesn't cost taxpayers money?
I don't really trust government. But I trust profit-driven industry even less. Sleep deprivation is a bad thing on public roads.
That is on the backs of the employers this should be a direct labour cost not government
Either the taxpayer or consumer will pay for it.  Employers rarely pay for regulation.
Then the system needs changed
What system? Private industry is terrible policing themselves...that's why we have regulations in the first place.
No but lawmakers are required to put regulations in place
Generally, lawmakers only put regulations in place because people or the environment will get hurt without them.
Is the shit show ending soon?
Train off track, get it.
As a nurse and a sleep apnea patient, I can tell you that sleep studies to dx sleep apnea is vitally important. Freq ppl with sleep apnea do
not know they have it until symptoms start, such as inability to concentrate, tired all the time, decline in cognition, and sometimes death
It would be criminal to eliminate these tests and equipment. PS all my symptoms were stopped by wearing my CPAP.
So this is the reason a stupid sleep apnea poster is in every room at my doctor's office?  Another source of Government waste.

That pun is pretty dark, Chuck
CHUCKLES IS JUST A CRAZY ALARMIST RUNNING HIS GAME MANIPULATING HIS FOOLS !
Yes, I agree that train conductors should be able to fall asleep and derail their trains without the government interfering!!
CHUCKLES IS A CON PLAYING HIS FOOLS.  HE HAS BANKRUPTED HIS STATE AN HAS NOO CREDIBILITY.
I will gladly submit to mandatory testing, as soon as it's a requirement for all licensed drivers in the US. Tested on renewal dates.
It's just as dangerous for the driver of a car to fall asleep at the wheel and cross a center line in the path of a commercial vehicle.
Everyone on the Trump train belongs on that thing.
Please stop. You have no interest or concern about sleep apnea other than what Federal tax money you can control. Just admit it.
why should the Fed keep testing for sleep apnea ?? let scientists do it with their money , they'll get all the profits
Lol
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chuck 
Time to drain the swamp!

VOTE 2018!
NO MORE DEMS AND RINOS WHO OBSTRUCT AND LIE TO WE THE PEOPLE!
#MAGA
Thank you for standing up for those that deal with Sleep Apnea. I was just diagnosed after 15 years of suffering.
Pun intended?
@lohud Instead of spending$$ on this out some effect into health care and get your head out of your arss
Looks like Chuck has stock in CPAP machines!  That fraud lasted long enough and testing is a huge waste of taxpayers money.  Wise up, chuck!
how about we test for citizenship before voting ??? I'd much more prefer that
No no. Trump just figured it wouldn't be a problem. The engineer will wake up during the crash.
I think first mental stability testing of congress would be much more beneficial and money well spent.
Chuck, if you had cancer you would much rather just feed snorers O2 & see the money go into cancer research but don't bother with opinions.
Focus on relative news, chuckie!  Maybe your ability to fake cry on impulse.
Save the AMERICAN taxpayers!
Why didn't you say this during the last administration?? You still aren't winning my vote.
Speaking of off track....., well chuck
I agree just put your speeches,on an endless loop on cspan.Insomnia as,a disease could be eradicated
Well, Chuck! Yep, this is a high priority. No wonder this government is screwed up and we're in debt way over our heads.
Quit making noise. Your a clown
The only people who matter are billionaires, Chuck. The Republican party has seen to that.
Actually we the people have let the politicians become billionaires. So guess what kind of policies they come up with?
Why does the government need to be involved in health care in the first place.  How many of you are Doctors?
Not to mention they can't do anything right #SocialSecurity #Medicare #Medicare
Within 5 years computers will be driving public transportation, but you know this.
Chuck, how about TWO engineers on duty?  If one falls asleep the other can slap the other awake.  Amtrack loses Billions of Dollars anyway.
This tweet from Lyin' Cryin' Chuck puts me to sleep just like his policies.
this administration is clearly a death cult
Mr. Obstructionist Chuck Schumer is the most negative person in Washington. He needs to get on track with America and forget being a ass!
You and Pelosi are the ones off track..healthcare dumass..healthcare..
I work with sleep apnea patients.  All it takes is a few seconds to unknowingly fall asleep
Why in the world would the federal govt be involved in sleep apnea testing. Does not make any sense at all.
Sleep apnea that is related to cardio vascular disease and mineral deficiencies? Figures.
Will this help your low ratings. Don't think so. It's only good for New York not the country. So MY should pay for it. Not America
Way off track? Wake up and smell the kimchi Comrade.
God why don't you take a nap.U R worthless in Congress.THIS is the least of our worries. NOKO is most concerns
Again more government is not the answer, it's the problem.
Money, you fool.
This is a BLUE COLLAR ISSUE and here's Long Haul Trucker Bob Stanton to tell us why...
You need to be tested for sleep apnea
Did you ever hear of the word deficit? How about the way it disproportionately affects the poor? Liars
BTW tRump clearly has the physicality of someone with severe apnea. No wonder he doesn't sleep! He can't breathe!!!
we r in an era of economic based medicine replacing evidence based medicine .... America who r being cheated of good health care
Thank you, Senator Schumer!! As a sleep technologist, I can tell you these people can fall asleep in seconds!! Very dangerous!!
Look how much work that creates for everybody. Train wrecks convert labor into tax dollars.
@SenSchumer can We the People require you to have a IQ test, and Drug test to keep your job? Yeah you wouldn't support that, you'd b fired!
Abandon sleep apnea testing? Do you even know what the hell your talking about? Are there no more pressing matters on your agenda?
Blah blah blah
Hay just like you A TRAIN WRECK
Then why don't you reach into your own wallet & pay for it? You #Corrupt politicians abuse every tax dollar you squeeze out of us!
Do you believe the govt needs to control everything? Get over yourself. I'm sure you want more govt regulations.
Screening for sleep apnea should be standard. Why do doctors/insurance companies force you to wait years until you're tested?
Is no one going to talk about @SenSchumer saying "way of track" while referencing train derailments?
Let the individual companies test for sleep apnea if they are concerned about saving lives. Government intervention creates bureaucracies.
Hey if it doesn't effect them... who cares??? Certainly not them... but to me and millions of others, it's EXTREMELY important!!!
Consistently stupid. Don't let a good accident go wasted. #DrainTheSwamp #termlimits #SchumerMakesAmericaSick
It is BS tax money spending. We need $ elsewhere to address crap DEMS and Obama neglected. Or is it your way to stipend more $ from taxpayer
It is about wiping anything done during the Obama Adm. no matter who or what gets hurt. Won't stop until they are done.
I have sleep apnea for when Chuckie reads his script, so boring and predictable, I can't stay awake
If we don't give government all our $$$ to study <fill-in-the-blank>, PEOPLE WILL DIE!!! You want that? You must love Russia! A Better Deal
Ole Chuck is so so ! He makes noise  but nobody listens .
And you and your cohorts need to be drug tested. #PovertyPimp
Hold on I'm driving a bus right now...sort of feeling sleepy..zzzzz zzzzz zzzzz hello ? What did you say...hello..
You should be working on healthcare and tax reform and not wasting tax payer dollars on Sleep Apnea.  It's time for you to retire.
I get the feeling some in the government dont care about us and actually want citizens to die.
Way off track! I see what you did there. Clever.
I pray fo rth eyes of  those  you are leading  blindly  to  open  to  see  you for  who you are that  you are a phony.
You suck liberals can no longer fool the working class of America!
Oh yes because the debt isn't going up anymore!!!
Have to if they succeed Chucky may wake up ,very dangerous
Dude really we are being threatened with nuclear bombs and you are worried about snoring???
Nothing in this administration makes sense!
It also puts people out of work moron.
Leave office Chuckie, your incompetence has been duly noted. Your daddy Obama doubled our debt isn't that enough?
By all means, study sleep apnea in Congress. Also, drug test Congress before every vote. Biggest Bunch of Snorers, Addicts and Losers
Big Wheel you would be wise to study up on a subject before preaching against it, a little knowledge helps.
Should apply to all elected officials as well. Add drug tests for all of you too.
Who pays for that?
More bigger thing to do so please get to work Obama care
Sounds like a job for the private sector, not the inane, inept federal government of which who's nuts you swing from.
They know what they need to do to drive safely. Focus on the WH and leave the truckers alone
I lost my dad trucking, my hubby son and brother are all truckers. Hubby gets 6 hours of sleep a night. Comes home eats and goes to bed
Leave the truckers alone. Focus on getting rid of the president.
U need to b tested 
It makes no sense that they let u stay in congress
Amen #DRAINTHESWAMP #MakeCongressGreatAgain
Huh? ICYMI trump is busy declaring war on N Korea. Nothing from you? Nothing???
AI will take over...
He will never ride a train or have to worry about his driver falling asleep, so it's no big deal to him.
Chuck, if you don't have affordable health care and tax reform it will not matter if you have sleep apnea
That's cause you don't have to abide by these rules.I bet if we stuck you with ethics you had to follow you'd push back too..oh,that's right

No chuckie u r way off track All ur regulations did not & will not prevent these accidents The dems regs takes money away 4 upgrades & QC
More Lib crap. Is this the new message?
I thought it was 'Anything you can do I can do'.
Why not try a two enign
MORE WASTED MONEY, CHUCKY GET LOST!
You have no idea what you're talking about
Defends special interests.  Health & Education Reconciliation Act- Schumer argues for full fees for doctors?  No Ins discounts 4 AHCA? Crook
Chucky sleep apnea is a solvable issue! You are off track as usual like the IndyMac Bank Failure!!!
Agreed, Sir. Seeing sleep apnea in my family, it seems to me that one symptom is denial. An M.D. referral to a sleep lab could save lives.
Great depiction of your career and the Demorat party.  What special interest group are U protecting now?
So should all drivers be tested? It's ok if you're driving a car and have sleep apnea?
So true
You don't Feds for this. This is a state issue.
Oh FFS, Chucky.  We've figured it out, the science is settled - move on.

Why? Because you and your friends, family suffer from it? Lose weight. No more sleep apnea.
Should be privatized
You are right. Keep fighting for us
You do realize he has not done a thing for us. He just blames everyone else oraund him.
It's the booze not the snooze
You are the fed chucky
Time for schumer to go we need sent.  That going to do what next country not treat it down n fight everything time for change
This smells of corruption. Testing not necessary for 95% of drivers/engineers.
Foolish waste of time. If you want to know why these things happen you talk to those in the jobs. You can sleep 10 hours & still get drowsy.
I've been on this planet a very long time, and am still waiting for congress to learn how to use....common sense!
stop, how about ass
didn't finish,  its a crontic problem the dems suffer from,  and it appearsthere is no cure
What the hell are you talking about, where's the FACTS?????
Nothing makes sense with this administration. Everything is way off track. Most progress that has been made is being undone
Chuckie let's worry about more important issues
I am sure the union had something to do with this.
Stop all frivolous spending. Trying to get the budget under control!
Nothing Trump does makes sense, but everything makes him money.
WTF does this shit have to do with Trump. It's a fucken state issue. Put the blunt down for a minute lol
Why gov need to test? They know nothing as shown thru the years. Just like U are crappy senator, Private labs can to this so much better.
@lohud We have to understand. Sleep apnea is a defect. All defective ppl are expendable. Ask any successful DICKtator. #impeach
There  are so many things you all have done in the past that are way off track. #MAGA
Know what doesn't make sense? President Trump. Can say it. Can hardly type it.
I think its time politicians earn their mansion in gated community.
I need to know the solution. Don't hear it. I hear pointing fingers but no solution. So what's the cost? Why? Where else. Etc
What positive legislation has the administration and GOP Congress actually sponsored or passed in 2017? 
If ya'll dont do something about Trump ...  sleep apnea testing is going to be the least of our worries

please do something!!!
#Tillerson said we should be sleeping well at night. Definitely need sleep testing programs because no one's sleeping well! #PsychopathPOTUS
really chucky?  you have nothing better to do???  get some REAL work done for a change.
Schumer: Obesity lack of exercise poor diet better 2 b proactive & test as defense 4 apnea stop pumping $$ to treat symptoms & not the cause
As an RPSGT I've seen plenty of healthy thin people with OSA. Untreated can cause other health issues such as heart attacks and diabetes.
a
Sen. Schumer, private sector needs to step up & do R & D. Gov't not funding so private co's make a profit. It's capitalism. Stop spending $$
Sleep apnea testing seems a lot cheaper and safer than cleanup and medical care after an accident
Yup. Hard for people that exclusively use private transportation to understand the impact. "Why doesn't everyone just drive themselves? "
Next you'll want gov't to pay for hair plugs, boob jobs, and penis enlargement. Well enlargement is ok
You're right, it doesn't. But I think there are more pressing issues- like the threat of nuclear attack & an idiot at our helm.
Where is Positive Train Control?
Find a new way to spend my hard earned money, Chuck. Then call the media for a press conference and take ALL the credit. It's my money....
Sleep Apnea testing is just another Democrat SCAM to move gov't funds to their portfolio$.  Just like colonoscopy's and mammograms!
Sleep apnea, was that a joke Tweet?   Or has Schumer finally lost his mind?
Does Schumer not know that private clinics do that testing?
AGREE. People die from sleep apnea. Must be Trump is used to hearing his own snoring.
@SenSchumer have they given a reason why they are doing this?
I see what you did there.
That is not a funny pun when people lose their lives
Chuck,how about fighting trump & friends over voting rights being annihilated,his personal war with NKorea.Let's see, a million offenses.
yeah, good lets worry about this right now with NK locked and loaded, that's why your party is failing, get real and do some real work
I'll tweet after I wake up. #MAGA #DrainTheSewer. #chuck should go home.
How about we just get rid of conductors all together. Technology can handle this job.
Whats with your personal lawyer representing Fusion GPS?
Are you tied to the fake Trump dossier too?
Yes
Are you shitting me, your Tweets show your abilities to decern priorities from nonsense is non-existent.
SLEEP IS IMPORTANT TO ALL !A INDIVIDUAL CANNOT FUNCTION WITHOUT IT !SAFE AND EFFECTIVE MEDICINE ARE NEEDED !WE MUST DO A LOT MORE RESEARCH!
Stop yelling.. your disturbing my sleep
We need more tragedies, apparently 
How far backwards are we going to slide?

#25thamendment
You backed off from being for Americans sometime ago
Why is gov doing this? Makes no sense.
