
DJT won't sign only because he HAS to do the opposite of Pres. Obama. I wish he would grow up already. #EasyD
Bathhouse is one word. And I think you meant to say "Harvard Graduate Barack Obama"
Maybe Syria and Nicaragua should take over the Whitehouse.  The you can sit in the Oval with them.  HAHAHHA you jerk!
Blood And Gore: Making A Killing On Anti-Carbon Investment Hype http://bit.ly/2s4MxtT  @cspanwj
Good job
The other countries get to pollute all they want and the US pays for something called weather .
Democrats in crisis. Panic as facts begin to come out about the #sethrich assassination 
#morningjoe 
#trumprussia SCAM
#ParisAgreement SCAM
And what is your Andre other thanBS
And if we reject it, it will be because Trump and the GOP aren't smart enough.


Mattis supports the Paris Agreement
Dear snowflake just a little reminder who is the president not Mattis and by the way read the memo we don't give a damn what you think loser
And if all the countries jumped off a cliff, we should also?  That's kindergarten logic Senator. Momma taught us that lesson already.
& the US dropped out because President Bannon wanted us too.  No one really believes drumpf makes the decisions, right?
Not a team player, not a Leader.  Taking America down with him. #ParisAgreement
The #GOP is extreme, radical, far outside other conservative parties, and dangerous. 
@SenateDems must fight like our future depends on it
The #ParisAgreement is a joke.  Do something useful with your time in the senate, read a book!
What is the antecedent for "it's"?   Nicaragua or the Paris Agreement?  Does Nicaragua think the Agreement is not strong enough?
It's a bad agreement that people don't follow anyway,kinda like you.
Our climate has changed since the beginning of time. Let the real scientists speak without the intimidation from the left...
It's another corporate dem/repub scam. It's all about money for you guys. If I thought for a sec you were sincere, I'd support it.
Blah blah blah
Mr Schumer. You are right but getting the other 90% of them to follow the rules is the key. So again we bare the brunt of the burden. Quitit
)#MrSchumer if ur trying to explain logic 2 those #Dummys you're beatings head against the wall ) when they lose Cong &Sen in 18
maybe they'll get the hint #DemocratsRule
Congress needs to vote on this.
So where were you and Obama?
Nicaragua is like the Syria of Central America. That should tell you something.
So, the Sandinistas are all in that's why @ananavarro became republican

@senschumer stop talking - your bloviating hot air is melting the ice
You can proudly add the US! And stop being busy with crap, rather talk about JOBS!!
So what? American leadership
ISIS is murdering children at concerts, and this is what youre worried about? #WhyDemsLose
Hopefully Putin won't tell 45 to join w/ Syrians
Why wouldn't every poor shit hole sign. They will be getting all the money from the rich country's
Lets help them
We should get out of that
Current regime focused on making the rich richer, dems need to quit identity politics and make some changes
They're too busy trying to impeach Trump. No time to listen to you.
So.  If.it is not.good.for Americans it's not.good.for America
So if everyone else jumps off the bridge would you? Oh wait dumb question of course you Dems would - you have many times
Don't sign the #ParisAgreement @POTUS @realDonaldTrump ... the strong are behind you on this propaganda!
Science & Facts Matter ...
So reason they signed is because Obama said US will pay for most costs
chucky cheese !!
And China
Because all the other countries know it would benefit them by putting the brakes on the US economy.  YOU FRIGGIN MORON! #PasteEatingDemocrat
The #ParisAgreement has helped to create more jobs in the energy sector, which overall benifits the economy

Ummmm false - you sir are the only nightmare perpetuated on the American People ...this paris agreement is total garbage - money grab
#carbonFORprofit
#carbonFAUXprofit
But we should go forward anyway
Nicaragua is correct
Global warming is a myth. It is a power and money grab by the elites
And ur point is?
And if all the other countries jump off a bridge will you do it too Chuck? Please tell me you would.
This whole thing is the 1st step to globalist agenda.
Really Chuck this is what you're worried about. Always campaigning.
Te jodido chingar ISIS LOVER
We signed but we're walking away soon .. 
China signed it because it has no impact on them for years.
Chuck u wanna listen to Nicaragua?
How many signed under duress?





Are you going to cry about that too CHUCKIE ??

@realDonaldTrump scientistPhD doctorate science The winter will be cold the summer will be hot sun will rise Sun will set water is wet ha ha 

Much thanks to the Pope for making tis critical US Policy decision.
