Neither do you.
No such thing as Trumpcare,  use proper terms. This is being construction by a team of senators. My complaint is I feel Medicare does it all

My husband died of pancreatic cancer. We had no insurance. Don't lecture me.
It must be like Obamacare? My parents had Cadillac insurance till Obamacare! No deductable or copays. Try your lies on someone else!
And Chuck rhymes with Cuck and schmuck!!!!! Oy yeah..and Suck...and F@#$......
Schmucky been REAL hard on the American people...its the least i can do....
Fake news! Only non tax payers was protected under aca. I'm a worker, and I was qouted $1800 a month. Backwards system
Stop complaining, get involved and make it better. It is called Leadership in case you forgot.
I want your healthcare chuckles.  Why can't I have what u have ??
You be pissing me of chuck
Obamacare fail and you put it there fool
Wrong again Chick...#liberal #hypocrites don't care about #americans. Retire Chuck, you're out of touch.
I lost my coverage with my pre-existing cancer.  Oh wait that was ACA that took it away.  #Trumpcare is giving it back to me. Thanks GOP.

I have the answer to fixing American HC everyone in congress and anyone who works for the govt must be on American HC No exception Agree
Dems never looked out for the American people when those not on Medicaid or Medicare cannot afford their own insurance anymore.Let GOP lead!
Ur not a good person by making ur hatred 4ur Pres the # 1 issue Our country isn't about ur personal vendetta Do something positive
#nobodycares
It's funny that you only look after the Democrat people of your constituency you don't care about half the American people Chuck what up?

Senator, ACS estimated near 600,000 Americans died of cancer 2016 alone, over 10,000 of those children 15 years old and younger.
Disease & injury know no bounds. It doesn't matter who you are, what you believe how rich or poor you are or how old you are.
Not true
All Congress has to do is put everyone on the same HealthCare as Congress, that's all. same plan, same cost. CHICKEN ,EH
where is that in the Bill so we can read it for ourselves
Neither does Obozocare
You should call that McConnell care since Congress is writing it and not Trump
And you have??? If you call what your doing... "looking out for American people"  we should all purchase firearms
Why don't they demand that cancer drugs drop in price?
On the contrary Schmucky...DEMOCRATS dont look out for Americans...only muslins and illegals...
#MAGA
False statement...under Obamacare most Americans have insurance, but no healthcare due to high deductibles!!!!!

Schumer doesn't look out 4 Americans only illegals Muslims snowflakes Socialists communists 2 take down USA b global & powerless 2Islam NFW
DOJ announces charges against 400 people for $1.3 billion in health ...
https://www.washingtonpost.com/.../doj-announces-charges-against-400-people-for-1-3- …...
Seen this @SenCoryGardner ? Seems like a pretty reliable source...
Be afraid, be very afraid!!!!
Which means me...breast cancer survivor.
.@SenToddYoung
Racisum has become a tool of the left for them to get what they SAY they want
Empowering imagrent s is costing anerica more &s'more everyday  in many many ways. I question things like the dream act . Giving money to
Do you really think that democrats are giving money to illeagal s ? You can bet that is done only to cloud the issue  as they help themselve
To fedral money
All I know is that  I have to wait 3 months to get an appointment at Obamacare. I suspect that if my skin were dark brown it would be much
To simply say. That Trump care is bad is way way to vaugh  comming from a democrat after all  since 2008 middle class has shrunk by 1/3 &
I disagree here In sandiego  are on the cutting edge in cancer tech  there are incredible advancements  comming. Some are already here
Living cost are the highest ever   Yet a democrat will argue that things are great . Well go ask the the 1/3 that got cashed out ! How great
That's how you do a Chuck. Get money from those lobbyists
Hey Trumpsters get ready your new insurance is coming ENJOY that butt feeling !
Kind of like when Obama said that if "older" people break a leg they should just take a Tylenol instead of surgery to save medical costs?
even Putin hates the GOP plan
Wait, can someone get new coverage right now if they have cancer? I don't think this is a game changer on that issue Chuckie
You are a traitor & here's your tactics:
Health care is a God given right for American citizens.
Nut job
No govt HC looks out for the ppl.Did ACA (like/keep ur Dr, skyrocketing premiums) look out for the ppl? Good intent shld not taint reality!

#Trumpcare #saturdaymorning 
The @AmerMedicalAssn /RUC cabal doesn't look out for taxpayers...1200% increase of healthcare prices since formation-when will govt step in?
I thought you wanted the government out of healthcare?? Exceptions for women's rights health costs?
Is that an assumption on your part of what I want? Medicare/Medicaid pricing have skyrocketed & govt doesn't negotiate the prices
YOU DON'T LOOK OUT FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!! 
WHY AREN'T YOU ON OBAMA CARE!!
WE WANT YOUR PLAN!!!
STOP LYING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE CHUCK!!
And Ocare Destroyed the Middle class..So if you Truly care about the Americans who work to PAY for it ! REPEAL and NO REPLACE !
You're a nurse who doesn't want anyone to have insurance? Where'd you go to school? Nurse Cratchet U?
Exactly! That's why we should also call it #deathcare!
You lie.
That sounds like something Trump would do. He wants to bang Ivanka. Can't stop talking about it. Gropes her ass on national tv.
Thank you Senator Schumer. We need you. Help save us from dangerous Trump and the GOP

