Lie. Fake. Top 1% pay north of 30% taxes already.
99% of new income is going to the top 1%. Them paying 30% of all taxes is not them paying their fair share.
45.7%- CNBC
And they're still getting 99% of all new income.
This threat is way too distorted now. The best response I read was about the absence of any social contracts these days.
What threat?
Thread
but it's perfectly fine for us to pay for your healthcare...
We pay for yours.
They took 6 figures from me last year and I made no healthcare claims.  How much did they take from your Burger King paycheck?
Your health insurance cost you 6 figures?You've been suckered. I'm a small business owner and I definitely help pay for yours & pay 4 mine.
You realize ACA was funded by raising my taxes. So your insurance cost me 6 figures.  I'd gladly just pay for my own
Would any of you buy a used car from Schumer?
Yep
That's why most liberals, except party elites, are broke. Ur too stupid to get ahead.
Ah, now you're resorting to name calling.  Sad little man.  OH, and BTW,, I'm retired quite comfortably.
Then u dodged the bullet in spite of ur limitations. Well done.
It's immoral to be a senator. Period.
Hypocrite! Study: 95% of Lawmakers Who Support Minimum Wage Hike Don't Pay Their Interns
You have nothing to support your lies.
But republicans are wrong and immoral that's why they do the things they do.
Have you forgotten Benghazi, or Pres Clinton and his Cigar?
What about Benghazi, or Pres Clinton and his Cigar?
Hillary let an ambassador and soldiers die, and Bill using his cigar like a sex toy in the Oval Office.  Real moral and upstanding NOT
1)The ambassador went where he was supposed to go. Read "13 Hours" before you speak again.
2)So you were there and saw the cigar in action?
Your bs propaganda doesn't fly anymore, Democrats have always been against civil rights, women's rights, etc yet pretend to be the opposite
They are evil and they will do it to spite the American people !!!
Not one penny to Planned Parenthood.
While Bannon, Gorka & Miller collect paychecks for spewing the ALT RIGHT doctrine in the WHITE! Give their salaries to Medicare & Education!
What you have to do is galvanize seniors and boomers who are a large demographic. I don't hear much from Dems @justicedems  @SenateDems
Remind me how much Obama stole from Medicare to pay for Obama Care. $715 billion?
Stop your lying Schumer! Proposed tax cuts are across the board, & similar to that Bill Clinton signed that led to 90s economic boom
Do you really think anyone is stupid enough to believe this?
It is wrong and illegal for democrats to pay protestors to create violence at peaceful protests, need to investigate.
http://www.foxbusiness.com/politics/2017/08/18/trump-can-bring-2-trillion-in-overseas-cash-back-to-u-s-billionaire-sam-zell.amp.html …
Why dont you want america to suceed. Why cant middle class get tax break, u all but destroyed middle class.
Don't think so Fake Native American. I don't support Democratic candidates ,but Americans need two strong parties.Return to the middle Chuck
Bottom up economics doesn't and has never worked ya buffoon!
Glad u agree that what people think is not full truth! Full story is better!!  Expect U will vote 4 POTUS plan!! UR finally learning ECO101!
Lying Chuck Schumer should be investigated for fraud.
Where the hell were you when Obama took millions from Medicare????
But Senator, you rep the 1% with every corporate dime you take. :(
please tell the truth for once in your life. this statement is total Bullshit, and you know it.  whatta hypocrite.

Oh and one more thing....TERM LIMITS!
Thdt's right! 
NOT ONE PENNY!
Trump or Sessions needs to appoint a special investigator to see which democrat is paying violent protestors, illegal.
Put a name to the 1% you constantly demonize. Why do you attack the people that pay the most tax already. How much does the bottom 50% pay?
Well I know 3 of the for sure, Trump & Koch. And Buffet 2but he thinks the tax cuts 4rich are way wrong. Research that.
Take a look at the donor's to both parties. I do ageee facts over talking points. Neither party helped middle class. http://Opensecrets.com 
Besides, I seen sneak peek of Trump tax cuts. My taxes raise $384 per year & ppl like Trump drop to 15%. I'm not down 4 richman welfare.
To pay for the debt that democrats created?
Education? Imagine how much BETTER US schools would be if they were free from BIG GOVT.  need less government in our lives
Really? This type of propaganda can't really work on people????
Dems are money wasters, obstructionist, and divisionist you all do nothing but #spitshit

Provide details of cuts. Actual dollars
NO RUSSIA DIDN’T MEDDLE IN THE ELECTION.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DEh_1BcSrfMapLeat0tQ0I8-5-qSZsQguzy9ZJ43p_I/edit?usp=sharing …  #demdestruction #GOPDESTRUCTION
They aren't, this is just more Schumer propaganda, Schumer is filled with blinding hate.
Total BS spewed by the head clown @potus @TEN_GOP
It wrong to put our children in debt that they will have no money for healthcare, food, housing and benefits due to federal loan payments
Lies
More fake information from @SenSchumer is that all you can do.  Do the job you were elected for.  Not the do nothing you are.
You are LYING
Idiot the flat tax system has the biggest tax cut going to the first $50,000 made with a 0 % rate for all.
It is also wrong and immoral for you to support genocide of the unborn.
Chuck schumer the only thing he know about is. Money for wealthy people. All because Democrat loots the country and he is using that to be r
Medicare does not pay for Dementia/Alzheimer's care Family caregivers r suffering physically/financially what as caregivers can we do??
And that's not what they are doing. Maybe cutting some of the fraud in Medicare and Medicaid. That would be great.
@progressivepush And more war toys;(
Then what the hell r u doing about it stop talking about it and do something do your JOB
Fake that's why
It seems to me Senator Schumer and liberals have no idea how the US Tax System works. Let me help
But it was okay with you when the Democrats steal from Medicare and Education for your pet projects! You have rode the "1%" horse to death!
Lies.
No such thing as a Penny in America, Chuck. We have the Cent, Britain had the Penny. More evidence you are clueless about America. #MAGA
Constantly amazed at how easily you lie & with a straight face on top of it. You realize we know that you are just a globalist shill, right?
why did you load obamacare full of taxes.Why did you take kick backs from healthcare industries and big pharm.Your a fraud and phony
You make Pelosi and Waters look smart and that's hard to do. 
OBTW - you're part of the 1% so shut up and sit down (on the sideline) - loser
ITS ALSO WRONG TO FORCE FRAUD MED INSURANCE ON THE PEOPLE AND NOT WANT IT FOR YOURSELF!  MAGA
How on earth did you get to be a Senator?
More BS lies by Schumer to his stupid brainwashed sheep.
and it's wrong for you not to suffer o'care fraud.as ya'll are exempt and probably get profits from it
The party that uses a pizza jingle for their new motto. Go back, start over, you are not for the American people only to enrich yourselves.
#TheBigLie
More Lies by the left. Obamcare cut Medicare
It's OK for you to exempt yourself from penalties imposed by Obamacare?You are getting a free ride. Lying low down hypocrite.
Hey Chuck you are so much of a liar!! you only care about bringing our President down. Do your job and the other Dems. pass healthcare bill
Looks like you have no clue as to how the tax system works, senator. Here, educate yourself and expand your feeble mind.
Trying to stir trouble again Schummer?Who's cutting medicare or education? Immoral? Does a Democrat even know the meaning of the word?
I'm sure you know the wealthy own BIG businesses and they hire people!!, Dems & Govt own NOTHING & place people on WELFARE...hm-m-m-m
What is immoral is that you are still in office. #Retire
Amen.
In 2015 research showed life expectancy dropped. 1st time in 20 yrs. That's Obamacare. As for education, fix your indoctrination centers!
No shit . Waited along time  to get medicare don't want to get screwed noe
For @SenMajLdr #mitchmcconell it is now tax cutting time for his wealthy benefactors He is a #Russia funded #Corrupt  #Traitor #LockHimUp !
It's also wrong for congress to get exemptions to the disastrous Obamacare you so want to keep! Gonna keep playing obstruction politics?
Chuckie, they aren't doing that, but they are shutting down your wasteful expenses and your crying about it
Shut up.

You are bought and paid for.
It's their money why can't they keep more of it,& why do you feel that you are entitled to it.
Liberal Lies !!
Everyone SHOULD  pay taxes ,everyone all incomes,fair share is same  % stop the deduction that are not equal. I don't want to support you.
Chucky should get Obama care like the rest of us.. talk about special rules.
Employee sponsored Healthcare would solve the Healthcare problem. Create jobs and stay out of Healthcare. Save your moral outrage for Dem's
Dear Chuck Schumer , question - how you doing following up on the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2005 ?
You would think you would be all for that
This is why they have money because we are educating hostile nations people instead of China ,Russia, North Korea ,Iran wasting their money
Or we can waste our tax dollars educating Russian ,Chinese ,North Korean or Iranians at the expense of Americans .
THAT'S ALL U GOT.
the 1% are the job creators.  It's wrong and immoral to pass a healthcare bill to find out what is in it.  And it was designed to break us.
State run hospithttp://www.sanluisobispo.com/news/health-and-medicine/article166411647.html
What is your plan (Loser)
liar
The GOP has been branding this tax "reform" EVERYDAY!while the @DNC was distracted by EVERY frivolous comment from Trump
OBSTRUCTIONIST and LIAR!  GOP IS NOT cutting Medicare. Incr as in Medicare $ over a slightly longer period of time isn't cutting!  LIAR!!!
What's "wrong and immoral" is your constant blatant lies to the American people!!!  SHAME ON YOU, but sadly you have no shame!!!
Remember 30% of. Million.  Is not the same hit as 30% to the person who make  20 thousand
It's immoral for the government to take from one person to give to another.
It's morally wrong to be 20 trillion in debt. You have never had a non governmental job. Try working for a living.
Senator, please speak out about #Charlottesville
And sodomites, baby murderers, feminist, blm, etc.
You love Obama care so much, why are you not taking it for yourself. Wrong. Immoral. 1% is a tactic false issue. Retire.
You were immoral to vote for obamacare that took money from Medicare. Hipocrit. Did you ever vote for a pay raise for self?
It's not for the wealthy and u know it.  It's wrong for Dems to steal money from the working class.
u have done nothing to help the middle class & tax us to death; leave Senator & take your career do nothing cronies like McCain with you
This is one of the main reason I am a democrat. We need to keep fighting on this issue.
.@SenSchumer It’s also immoral 2 support #DirtyEnergyBill S1460-#ClimateChangePromoter-4 #FossilFuelIndustryProfits-At our #HealthExpense!
.@SenSchumer It’s also immoral 2 threaten our Health by promoting R&D 4 #OceanGasExtraction w TaxPayer $-Oppose #DirtyEnergyBill S1460
Liar.
.@SenSchumer It’s also immoral 2 threaten our Health by promoting #FrackedGasExports-No 2 #DirtyEnergyBill S1460 @SenateDems @SenAngusKing
Remove all the tax loopholes in the code, we need a simple and fair tax system.
Old old propaganda. Try something new or stay with same. Either way the people are taking back their country
Offer 2 Sen Mansion in Trump staff. His state Gov changed over to Republican will appoint a republican to that seat. Enough to pass H/care.
The middle class needs a tax break but we know you will try to prevent it,we can’t afford healthcare and you won’t help there either
Chuckie that rhetoric is so old and tiresome get a new mantra
It will be cut chuck , it was the democrats kicking off Americans for foreigners and illegals . What happened to better deal
Just stick with your current game plan, "obstruct and whine" . Maybe that should be the Dems new slogan?
Its wrong, immoral & illegal to harbor and give sanctuary and taxpayer money to illegal aliens. 
Fix that first then complain about cuts.
It's wrong to be so lax with ss disability payments to the lazy.
Stop your rhetoric and provide proof
It's wrong and immoral to tax
Cryin' Chuck thinks he has the right to lecture us on morality. How fresh. #obstructionist
You are a hypocrite!!!! You are the reason we need term limits for you and your fellow Democrats especially disgusting Maxine Waters.
Its wrong for u n ur congressmen to have special healthcare. I know u think u r better than all of us but u R Not!
Well Chuck WE as New Yorkers are NOT getting VALUE for the amount of $$ spent on Education.. State Education SUCKS!!!! DOE needs to be fired
#Chuckles  
#HeadFool

Get off vacation and go back to work and get something done but whining
Oh Schumer And Free College in NYS! Explain Who Pays Our Media Won't Tell Us!@WGRZ Hold Politicians Accountable!
@WGRZ Hold Politicians Accountable!
It's wrong to put everything onto the backs our children and future generations Senator Schumer.
Come up with a plan of your own; only way to increase $ is to increase productivity & only way to do that is through private investment


It's wrong and extremely immoral for you to give my money away and act like it's your greatness doing it. It's not. You are a Stuart of my $
Bush/Clinton crime family and their Muslim brotherhood puppet...
You know at least the demon crats were at one time... actually human... but then the Harramanites are in both parties now...
After all these years in the Senate, you still don't understand that tax breaks BRING REVENUE to the Treasury, they don't cost the Treasury.
Like my late brother-in-law: an English major from Wabash, you really don't understand government finance or monetary policy, do you Senator
Yeah that's what they're doing??? And you have done??? In how many years??? You actually would feel remorse... If you were actually human!!!
Why is it the more $$ we spend on education the worse it gets maybe u should thank the 1%for paying ur wages or b bold & take a pay cut
Medicare and education are bloated bureaucracies. When will liberals start to admit that?
Whats wrong and immoral is not giving the American people Medicare 4 All! You love it wanna protect it rt?
Democrats need to make every effort to inform the public about efforts by the Trump administration to undermine ACA. Let the public know.
Please trying to make it out to something it's not Chuckie boy
It is BUT you guys vote, are friends and makes the laws of the land
That's Chuck's story and he is sticking to it. Remember YOU are his top priority. Lol. Sing it Chuck.
Mr. Schumer,with all due respect where have you been the last
 16 years? Rolling over to the GOP, never 1 to rely on
The best thing you can do for your country is resign Chuck! You've been worthless!
Is that all your worried about with North Korea doing all this  get real chuck
It's unfair that we pay your salary. Need term limits

Another lie from @senschumer Schumer
Keep preaching that dumb shit Schumer and we will have super majority in 18
No more free ride for u Chucky
Tick tock..tick tock
Keep fighting for us Senator Schumer we need your and Senator Sanders strength
Eat Sh!t chucky you Marxist demagogue
Medicare is not funded by our taxes, we trusted our government to save our money for us, and return it when we were old, they lied.
Great article.    http://www.sanluisobispo.com/news/health-and-medicine/article166411647.html …
A better way to message this? If you’re on Medicare or Medicaid, your Republican Congressman/woman wants to cut it. You should call them
BS! What congress calls a cut is actually a raise! Know your facts & STOP listening 2lefts LIES! U want truth listen 2 the actual hearings!
Liar
Absolutely! @realDonaldTrump @GOP
You cry wolf so many times- you have no credibility.  I do not believe/trust anything you say! Schumer must be voted out! He is an elitist!
Not immoral -
I see by your rhetoric, you are again bullshitting about "working together". How about cutting fraud, wasteful spending & deficit?
There you go again, start spewing the scare tactics about cuts to Medicare and education.  #shameful
