Trump has no agenda for his meeting with Putin next week. Putin does — and that’s a problem https://www.vox.com/world/2017/6/30/15904366/trump-putin-agenda-2016-election-interference-g20-comey?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=chorus&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter … 
@SenSchumer when can congress act and make some kind of an impact?  Is there honestly NOTHING that can stop Trump?
NOTHING
So sit back a watch a "Real American President at work
#MAGA
This @POTUS isnt like the others. He doesn't need agendas on paper or 2 read frm telepromters. He is a natural genius tht will #MAGA 
Lol
As illiterate & vocabulary limited he is, a teleprompter would overtax him instantly. "huge, great, magnificent, believe me" requires none 
Right the Harvard educated lawyer vs the grifter with a 3rd grade speaking level,
ohhhh you're a raging racist got it, DON'T engage with bigots not worth the space u take up, buh bye
Anybody calling Obama stupid clearly has a serious issue with reality 
The more they investigate the more find Democrats involved with money and scandals and lies  so I hope they keep Diggin
Say Sean Hannity, the rest of us live in Reality Town
I'm afraid you don't live in reality. Especially if you can't except out election results yet mental issues
You know your childish rants are hurting the Democratic party don't you?
You are no one the talk about dereliction given your performance in senate obstruction is dereliction of duty
We are getting closer to a civil war where thousands will die. I hope you Democrats will be happy then.
You LITTLE schumer and the rest of your mindless Democrats that waste WE the PEOPLE'S time & money on a Russian investigation fantasy.
I agree.  The collusion of Hillary and the DNC to oust Bernie at the Beach should have been thoroughly investigated.
And, as Putin's Poodle, he "derelicted" rather thoroughly today!
You Chuck would bring up all the fake propaganda of Russian hacking that did not change the outcome of the 2016 Presidential elections.
With all the more important issues WE as a Country face together.  The Threat of North Korea, Assad, Russia, China, ISIS,  Instabilities
You've been derelict in your duty for decades
@realDonaldTrump So obama who was the POTUS when this happened did nothing it was HIS duty and he did nothing ?geez chuck wise up
why should he?
Trump will pick up more campaign money from Putin!
As Obama did right
Which part? The one about Obama knew that Russia tried to hack & did nothing or when blue states had more votes cast than registered voters?
wait I thought there was no hacking
Excellent work @SenSchumer #russianhacking  was A big deal @johnpodesta @DNC @HillaryClinton
Trump not a fan of Schumer
BECAUSE RUSSIA DIDNY INTERFERE! States are guilty of voter fraud! Why won't they turn over records? LIARS, CHEATS, HYPOCRITES, FRAUDS
Russia Russia Russia, why did wiki leaks state was not Russia who provided DNC/Hillary emails ?  Dems fake narrative now dead, chuckle.
@senschumer so not to be derelict less look at voter fraud.
He shouldn't even be meeting with Putin given his attack on our Democracy.
Let's start a list of your derelictions re NY State. Oh wait, I don't have that kind of time.
Grow up quit crying and sit down and get rid of Obama care it's a dead issue!  Every insurance company is walking away!
Putin will set the hook and Trump will bite. Be alert.
Why should Russia be sanctioned when Obama sent operatives to SEVERAL other countries to interfere with their elections?
Absolutely true, but there's no chance @realDonaldTrump has the courage to confront Putin on 2016 election, let alone look at him like this:
Guess you haven't heard Dems were the party in bed with Russia.
Trump won
Hillary lost
No th ing else matters chuckie
Nothing else "matters"? Are you daft? (rhetorical question)
Till chuckie and daft demoncrats in denial accept the will of the people, nothing else matters.
Yes chuckie, SANTA was good to America...
Chief Clown @SenSchumer still whining about debunked Trump/Russia boogy man collusion claims. Do something youre qualified for: court jester
You are both fools if you think DJT has no agenda for a meeting with Putin.
YOU SAID NOTHING WHEN OBAMA TAKED WITH IRAN ON THE NUKE DEAL, AND CONSTANTLY PRAISED THEM.
I think a high level Democrat should insist on being present for the meeting. Or a representative from Mr. Mueller's group. Urgent!!
Hillary lost. #suckitupbuttercup #Loser
You mean where 1000's of illegals voted encouraged by the Democrats to do so ?
Did you really call a flight attendent a B----?  Wow!
Sen.Schumer called a flight attendant a bitch- you lied,said it didn't happen. Do u only care about rich, Dem women? http://nypost.com/2009/12/16/schumer-calls-flight-attendant-who-told-him-to-turn-off-cell-phone-bitch/ … https://twitter.com/SenGillibrand/status/880449898801397761 …
If you are a terror leader you want the CCCP template and Trump to keep running interference.
Keep fighting for us Chuck don't stop the pressure not 4 one sec, idiot in Chief destroying us!!!
"Why" is he meeting with Putin? Will this be a "secret" meeting or will there be recordings, video etc.? Inquiring minds want to know.
There's nothing there  Chuck they found nothing get over it. You and the rest of the Democrats are a joke get over it you lost
oh you get over it .It has just begone, Watergate was 23 months from start to finish
I don't need to get over nothing it's been 11 months they found nothing but Democrats scandals and bull crap you need to get over it
Watergate was 23 months

Trump should just bring that up for about 2 seconds and then toss it aside.
Obama had knowledge and the RESPONSIBILITY to give sanctions to Russia if they meddled w our elections, not Trump.
This is the new loyal opposition? Opposition disagree so the strategy is not2 engage in constructive dialogue 2 reach agreement but destroy?
Unfortunately Sir, no @GOP will hold him accountable.  We'll have to pray the inevitable sh*tshow doesn't get us all killed.
@jojos444 And the invasion continues, completely ignored, disregarded and unchecked. #trumprussia
This Republican actually agrees with the Senior Senator from New York.
Trump won. That's what happened and you're the derelict.
You are so pathetic. Stop campaigning against Trump. He is so far above you. This obstructionists attitude has to stop.
What you don't remember Chucky? You guys lost! That's the first sign your to old.  Time to retire.
Schumer needs to be brought down
If Trump has an agenda, he sure as hell isn't going to let you know what it is...
Absolutely
Can't believe they're going to let Trump see Putin. Done so much wrong, sabotaging ACA, etc. They need to say we have clear & present danger
Let him??? Who would stop him?


@
Hey Chuck,  we love you but enough of the talk.  What are you going to do about it? We need action.
The only way he is going to bring it up is in the context of thanking Putin.

But he doesn't need to discuss what they did - he was there.
So good at giving advice & defaming the Pres. then turning your back on voters who put him in office.  Fix Healthcare! Stop Sanctuaries!
Fake news chuck
Great now all we need to do is find a President before the G-20 meeting.
What was Obama's excuse? He knew about this from the beginning and did nothing about it. So much for you corrupt Democrats.
Oh he'll bring it up when he asks Putin to do the same or worse in 2018 & 2020.
@realDonaldTrump better hope Putin doesn't make tapes of their meeting.
This guy @realDonaldTrump is afraid of Putin. He will be bowing and curtsying and handing him the keys.
http://www.businessinsider.com/obama-to-direct-6-billion-toward-private-space-flight-2010-1#winner-virgin-galactic-5 …
Why did President Obama spend his first vacation with this guy? 
Add that to the heap of ways in which he is derelict in his duty. Rome is burning while @realDonaldTrump tweets nonsense. Congress must act!
The dereliction of duty is yours. Please vote for Kate's law, and for enforcement of the Laws on immigration, no more sanctuary city's.
Let's not pretend we're dealing with a man of intellect. We know better. Putin need only congratulate his "greatness" and he owns him.
Agree!!!  Finally!! Why didn't Obama take action?  What is Obama excuse for dereliction of duty?!?!?
Even though you're fully aware of damages neither Dems or Republicans are brave enough to remove Trump from office #partisanship1st
He is trying to do that by looking a Voting rolls
He won't news not allowed planning next disaster
And your duty to protect the innocent from illegals is where

What did happen in 2016?  You know?
You mean how Hillary tried to cheat and steal the election like Obama did but it didn't work.
TRUMP WON   ASK H R C
Chuck I feel sure the POTUS can handle Putin. Maybe your focus should be on your failing Party before it's to late!!
Of Course Putin has an agenda 1. Oil 2. A Check
Is Press allowed on this trip?? Something is not right with this visit.
How dare T demand voter IDs when he refuses to look into Russian interference in our elections!! This is outrageous!!
When Obama was President Chuckles?
Oh, you mean how the @DNC lied and said it was the Russians involved with voter fraud, when it could have been you-all?  @PutinRF_Eng
A dereliction of duty is having you still in the office
It's like a bad checkers player @realDonaldTrump trying to match wits with a pro chess player.
With all respect @SenSchumer, hasn't 'dereliction of duty' been a constant since 1/20/17 for the @GOP tool? It will be like 'old home week'.
And what happened senator, if anyone colluded with the Russians, that would be the democrats.. throwing stones at glass houses sir
Mr Schumer, in case #Drumpf is reading could you kindly use smaller words.
What will stop trump from sharing secrets w/Putin? No one has the decency to answer me. Does trump need chaperones? Do you trust him?
17 intelligence agencies say you're an a**hole. Oh wait maybe it's only 4
Please don't hold your breath. We need you in the Senate.
Like how obama didn't bring it up?
Quoting some progressive communist liberal rag to push your lies? You disgust me, Schumer.
Putin will have an agenda ... that will help ...!
And yet he won't and nothing will happen as a result.
Blah blah blah
Do u  mean the fake Russia collusion story that u & ur colleagues & the Dem news media have bombarded us with? Bad lawmaking. Do some work!
Putin's going to toy with him and eat him alive. The great negotiator Donald is not.
NO KIDDING! He has no agendas on anything he does. He lives in the moment... his moment ONLY!!
Says the pot to the kettle.Your entire agenda of vote garnering illegals is a dereliction of duty.In no time u will give them right to vote
Why did Obama conceal Russia's hacking while still in office.? Dems fumbled the ball.
Just watch and see how much he kisses up to Putin. Now that is really going to be a show. He should not be meeting with him at all.
No government secrets to him til he comes back..I'm sure they will have a long talk with no press allowed..keep your eye on Sputnik and RT
Putin's gonna play Trump like a Stradivarius Cello!
Reminder: Trump sees his only duty is to protect and enrich himself.
I expect @realDonaldTrump will bring it up....by thanking Putin and bowing before his fearless leader.
Well, "Chuckie-Cheeze"@SenSchumer WOULD KNOW about dereliction-of-duty...
He's not represented constituency since he arrive in #Senate!!
So why dont you Chucky go meet with Putin? Or are you scared they will but you in jail?
It would be stupid to divulge battle plans b4 the battle. For that reason the people don't want to know. They are smarter than you are.
The country  already knows what happened. Stop beating a dead horse. Hillary LOST !!
And just how to you know what the POTUS has as his mind to talk about?  Your more Schumer lies and fight because Hillary is in the dumper
But he already knows. And why is everyone saying it's trump's first meeting with his BFF?
Will the Cone of Silence be deployed?
He's busy working on how to say "you are so handsome and strong like bull" in Russian!
Donnie is going to let Putin on Air Force One. That will be like sucker punching America.
No agenda & no brains to ad lib. Putin will outsmart/outfox Trump. Embarrassing, weak, uninformed, ignorant Trump = toddler w/ loaded gun.
he'll just talk abt how Obamas threat didnt stand & he's working on the sanctions
Now how do you know he has no agender ?
How about the voter fraud in 2012  1 county in Ohio had 109% voter turnout and not a single vote for Romney. Can you say huge voter fraud
how much longer do we have to wait before this idiot who undermines our democracy and global integrity is impeached?
This meeting makes me sick. @realDonaldTrump wants us to 
believe they have never met. It's all BS, and this "witch hunt will corroborate.
Obama knew and he did nothing. You knew and you did nothing.
Someone like McMaster needs to be by his side and take control of the situation. He's not smart enough to be left alone with Putin!
Retribution for HRC's involvement with 2011 Russian election. Boomerang!
Do you mean about what Obama knew about the Russians & did nothing because he thought his legacy would continue?
You aren't the boss of him.
Be careful what you wish for. Dems are looking like cry babies. Would love it if Congress actually WORKED
While you complain, Mr President is delivering on his campaign promises. Keep distracting yourself Chuck, Trump is out working all of you.
He will. He will say thank you
He brings up he won and your ideology and crew have been beaten over and over all the time. Do you even pay attention any more.
Nothing happened. No Russian collusion everybody's admitting it, including a lot in your own party. When exactly will you start working?
It's a dereliction of your duty to be an Obstructionist but your Ass does it any .You need to go Fake Tears Schumer
Nothing happened with the eLection. No votes were changed or hacked. As for hacking the DNC; you don't provide investigation info - jerk!
HAHAHAHA-Are you going to start with Russia,Russia, Russia again??  And after Comey outed you for lying.Please, you're embarrassing yourself
The last so called president did nothing about that nor did U,let Tuimp do his job,U do yours,what ever that is,DIVIDER

This is all too much for all of us to swallow! I thought Nixon was bad...HA!  Trump is the devil incarnate!
They're meeting to get their story straight!
Thanks for making me President Putty I'll Kislyak your ass later lol
Hey Chuck, @realDonaldTrump does NOT have to get his agenda approved by crybaby Chucky.  Shame on you for getting paid to do nothing.
What do you mean bring up? HE ASKED FOR THEIR HELP!!
I'm sure tRump's agenda is to bow down to ruler Russia king--
Get ready for derelicté then.
If that's true, Obama should have jumped right on it. Oh, I forgot, he was held to a different standard than President Trump, you libtard!
Your a DERALIC CHUCKIE
So much for Hil & OZipp's #resetbutton We were friends then. #UraniumOne
Yeah like Obamas duty to report it first
Your dereliction of duty is not being a senator but only a political hack.  Do your job and be a Senator/not MSNBC cohort in lies.
Did you have an agenda?
Schumer is a straight up nut case. Term limits!
Need to have a patriot with him to make sure he isn't treasonous. I am seriously worried about that. @GOP
Why? Obama did nothing
All Putin has to do is compliment @potus tie and he will allow bugs to be put in the oval office and will turn over access to voter systems.
What nonsense you keep putting out.
Dems have a long history being buddies with Russia dating back to Teddy Kennedy.  Dems are Russia's friends in D.C.
First I think he knew what Russia was doing and second he doesn't have the balls President Obama had dealing with ole Vlad.
Stop being a darn political hack and even bigger obstructionist destroying America.  I am one of millions, sir!
.....Donald will plant a big wet one on Vladimir
Add 2 extortion, bribery, witness intimidation,  violations of Emoluments, oath of office & multiple laws! How much more?  #ImpeachTrump NOW
I think you mean MORE dereliction of duty
No worries. Putin will be calling the shots.
He can repeat Obama's demand to "cut it out", but he's not a wuss.
Trump needs his orders. What comes after sending over all the American's voting info?
Dereliction on deck then because that orange bastard isn't gonna bring it up.
@realDonaldTrump when are you going to publicly acknowledge that the Russians hacked our election?
What about next elections? Cyber security
Right chuck - b/c having @POTUS slap Putin's hand in a meeting is real effective way to change his behaviour. What idiocy. #Trump
Other than to thank Putin for the assist???
at last putin can meet his operative
and give him clear instructions
Chuckles: " You must respect women!" ...Then calls an airplane attendant a "bitch"Typical chuck, Lib says one thing,  say another =liblips
Why should he.? Obama could have stopped it but did nothing.
Bring it up?  How about throwing some new sanctions on him???
Putin is going to play @realDonaldTrump big time
Add it to the list.
Trump has no real agenda but I bet Putin does...
I suppose he has informed people who are deemed important...in other words..in need to know.  So sorry Chuck! You don't fit that order.
Impeach the criminal
U mean the spying and unmasking by Obama? Or Obama doing nothing abt Russia hacking? Or MSM giving HRC debate ?'s?  Dems r corrupt!
"When they go low, we go high."  Michelle Obama
Still no proof, but we can prove O's flexibility and HRC Uranium sale
