Single payer-free education- green new deal - end drug war- end regime change wars-end corporate welfare-jail bankers

Sean you hambone
We agree with you, but list some specifics. What exactly are you planning? Are you proposing a jobs program, Single Payer, fair trade?
YOU'RE THE GENIUS SEAN....DUUUUHHHH!
Minimum wage increases leads to more robots in McDonald's Schumer term limits apply to you I hope soon so we can get rid of you
Job creation, because that worked so well when Obama promised the exact same thing 
Shut your pie hole Sean Hannity, no one wants to hear from you..
Sounds exactly like Mr Trumps campaign. Not very original or believable when a Democrat says it. Telling us It's A Better Deal won't work

Nice talking points.
ACA Obamacare killed full time jobs.
Now Aetna has quit all Obamacare exchanges.
So #FullRepeal
Just who will pay for your plan, Chuck?
why doesn't anyone ever ask that about war but only about when it is to help the American people?
Stop deflecting. This isn't about war. You say his plan will help. Not sure I agree. I want to know how it'll be funded.
by stopping paying 4 wasteful spending of r tax $. Like corporate welfare, military war machine or for-profit jails
And it's 8 years late.
LOL, you don't want to cut taxes but you want to raise wages! lol, your a clown
Same things Trump is pushing welcome to the #TrumpTrain @SenSchumer
#ABetterDeal = raise taxes, increase middle class expenses, create more poor people to control with your NWO.
Sounds a lot like President Trump   Why do you not support him???
a better deal that's why we voted for Trump ! We tried your better deal for 8 yrs  and that's gotten us nothing
You forgot throwing women's reproductive rights under the bus.
W/ all due respect, whilst Bernie's "economy first" mssg is clear, there will be #NoDeal by ignoring social & "identity" poltiics. #Resist
He sees economy as root of all evil (aka, classism). Whitewashes systemic racism, sexism/misogyny, other socio-cultural realities.
I won't vote for anti-abortion candidates. Find a different way to convince ppl to be dems.
Better Way for abortions: Allow babies to be killed up to one year after birth ( In case you change your mind & you really don't what it)
Government cannot create jobs, except for government jobs which do not contribute to the GNP.  Dope
Lower whose expenses?
Nah, your talking LIES as usual !
Did you actually pay a marketing firm for "a better deal?"  That's like "we can do better than the other guys."  NOT!
Probably paid Wasserman's Pakistan IT guy.
This candidate:

 #NetNeutrality
 #MedicalMarijuana
 #TaxTheRich
 #SinglePayer
 #CleanEnergy
 #PunishCorporateCrime

Wins my vote 
Let's also terminate Citizen's United as well.
I wanted to fit that in, but 144 life. 
This BS coming from a clown who pays his interns $0.00-this is the phony hypocrisy of @TheDemocrats @potus @TEN_GOP
Cool. Promise to build a wall and you'll be running on Trump's campaign promises. Better Way isn't an Original Way. It's plagiarism, Chuck.
Sure, and this will be accomplished how exactly?  Raising taxes.  #ARawDeal
Dem message on the economy is American Ppl deserve better, 7MO after Dem's just spent 8YRS in the WH what hypocrites  #ABetterDeal #MAGA
@realDonaldTrump has been talking about trade for the last 12 months. That train as already left the station and you aren't on it Chuck.
Democrat's plan- keep enabling, face it no real plan.
Student loans, the more difficult it will be to gain traction. Fix the core and the Dems will gain control of the narrative.
I HAD LOST WAGES, HIGHER EXPENSES, & HIGH PRICE ECONOMY - HURT ME BECAUSE OF----BAD DRUGS I TOOK & STILL ON MARKET--FIX THE FDA&BAD DRUGS **
That is what President Trump has done and continues to do
WOW! really?
For a second then I thought u were trump!! Lmao
And the opportunity to retrain without the overwhelming school bill. So long that we continue to saddle our young people with unfair...
Reeducation and retraining are keys to success. Germany, Canada & others continue to have a robust middle class because of free schooling.
Stop already, you're a liar and a cheat
Senator, there were always great paying jobs & they are still out there waiting for takers. The problem is a lack of skills and opioids use.
take a pay cut and change things to where  congress  can only get cost of living raises instead of the current system.
Sounds like you joined the Trump Administration.
No credability,  NO message, NO cooperation, No Heath care assist,  Obstructionist to @realDonaldTrump cabinet appointments, NO LEADERSHIP!
Seattle Raised wages and the very people you said needed the increase asked for fewer hours a week so they wouldn't lose Govt. Benefits.....
Really Lame Chuckie after all these yrs this is all you got Get A Clue we're onto you I will get A Better Deal at Papa John's then you Dems
You're 8 years later too late.
Don't forget teachers, Chuck. Wages have been stagnant since the 1970s. Bright young people are not becoming teachers as a result.
Yes, the 21st Century program will be called "Make America like Venezuela"
More government,  more taxes,  less freedom,  more racial politics
Oh you mean like @realDonaldTrump is already doing? Nice try chucky
I vote in NY.  Right, words sound pretty, how are you going to do it, what have you been doing all these years.
SAME THING that @POTUS ran/works on jobs, tax cuts, better trade deals etc.  WHY then can't #Democrats work with @GOP and help America.
How long did it get to figure out your deal. America sees 2.6% Economic growth, 1 Million jobs, Dow 22,005. POTUS' deal is bigger & better!
Great job getting us into a new Cold War era Chuck. Your grandkids will be so excited to learn of the major role you played
Something you have failed miserably at. Just stop stealing Trump's agenda. YOu hated it last week
Oh so you're promoting Trumps agenda. Good, now get together with the (R)'s and get some actual laws passed. @SenSchumer wants to #MAGA
@SenSchumer you betrayed us by allowing Berne to dictate Democratic policy perhaps it is time for you to retire or join Berne train 
Sorry were not turning into socialist.  Besides the sanders train is pulling into jail for fraud
You know things would get done if Congress wasn't broken. You guys can't decide when to take bathroom breaks. People are really sick of this
print more money to pay them, then money's value decreases & increases the cost of goods = lower take home. Take an economics course!
Unbelievable con artist. This is the MAGA platform.
Ya had 8 years Chuck. 8 years
That's was Trump's platform - stop COPY PASTing
we need a national high speed rail system--just like in France, Spain, and Japan--and it can built right here in Detroit
A better deal does have 3 goals.
1. Vote Democrats and rinos out.
2. Advance @POTUS agenda
3. MAGA
So far all the cities that raised the minimum wage killed jobs;how exactly does govt raise wages & create jobs;specifically private sector??

You had 8 years and did crap...you lie,lie,lie to get re-elected
Hey Chuck when did you become a @SenateGOP member? Welcome to the party!
Raise wages by increasing taxes?
Lowering expenses by increasing regulations?
Build a 21st century economy by punishing success?
Haha!
Keep illegals out and it will happen quickly and benefits will also rise
What Malarkey
Making a deal. You've all proved that's what you do. Make new deals for your own profit. Get on board for the people.
How long did it take for you guys to come up with your new slogan. Why not walk the walk and just talk the talk. Make Am he again is not
You guys had eight years and nothing was accomplished but bathroom confusion...

This is funny coming from a man who was hired by the taxpayers and produced nothing like this4 the American citizens.He went global with HRC
What about income inequality, universal healthcare, for profit prisons, tax breaks to the 1%, racial profiling, immigration, etc, etc,,,,
You have to tie these 3 goals to local issues for each campaign. What will the candidate do locally to help with jobs, wage increases etc.?
to bad that @realDonaldTrump doesn't believe it
What exactly is a 21st C economy? You mean the kind that @POTUS is actually doing right now?
Bring back technical schools!
Chuckee get rid of the worse tax that you voted for the ACA and you will l do all that
All the jobs you want to create is for illegal aliens & refugees that is your only concern to Hell with the American people
no this is what the president is doing http://now.You  have done nothing but raise our taxes and healthcare.Your a traitor
Yes and always when a Democrat gets in it's just the opposite of what you're saying and dems r 4 open borders
Has anyone ever seen expenses go down when you increase costs (wages) for food, services and other products.  Costs going up monthly, today.
Sounds like you guys want to Make America Great Again. So we can rely on votes to pass @POUTS's agenda? Doubtful. #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
Don't forget making it easier to join a union....
How can you adopt Trump's policies? Yeah nobody trusts that you'd guys will actually do this. Another bait and switch.
Well Chucky, so far the 15 bucks an hour has cost tens of thousands of  jobs! Not such a good idea is it?
Raise wages while importing cheap labor...
Lower expenses while attempting to give everything for "free"...
Build a 21st economy... 
When a dimm says he is focusing on lower expense, hold your wallet. Means you will subsidize their favorite constituents.  .@USRepKCastor
Remember Chuck , you can only sell snake oil in town for so long before the towns folk run you out. No one is buying this B.S. Its over 4u
Support capitalism and US business and that may help. Socialism is not the answer but your party keeps pushing free stuff for all. Dem=Folly
#MAGA  Welcome aboard the @POTUS  Trump train.
You had 8 years and did nothing.
Ikk
I kind of hate #ABetterDeal .  Gotta be a better hashtag thsn that 
Chuck S.......you should run for president
Sounds like Trumps plan. Does that mean you are on board with his agenda? Be interested to see how you react to his legislation.
Remember those "goals" go against everything dems stand for...  #goodluckwiththat  #tonedeaf
#Medicareforall
Terrible name
chat with Trump about keeping low wage workers out with his new system.  He forgets who cooks in his kitchen and picks the fruit.
Dems just need some leadership
Ok Chuckie, nice talking points but your racial/gender politics speaks louder
ADD A 4TH: VOTE CROOKED POLITICANS OUT OF OFFICE!

Wait, I thought it meant fulfilling, activist, green jobs and gobs of money.  What is this, a bait and switch?
Better deal with it!
And eat a better Pizza
Remember, #s720 will stifle free speech. Pass it now! Silence the people with valid points that you don't want to hear!
start by nixing the "job training" bribes and illegal right to work laws or you know like. the bare minimum to help labor and unions
Chuck please amplify your third point.
Stop with A Better Deal. Just a slogan. Talk!
Sounds like President Trumps plan, that's why he got elected
Shouldn't have to be a deal.  Should be policy for all
Your the party that created a way for people to pay no income tax and get a huge refund, and you think you know about taxes?
You're selling it Chucky, but no one is buying it!  How can you sell a shell of an idea, with no plan to implement it.  Chucky, where are U?
Addicting you to life on Goverment Assistance. The swamp must be fed. They must have your vote to live.
President Trump has taken care of this as well, and he didn't steal from job creators to do it.  Too late again!
What a joke, huge macro statemen
A better deal u retire so some one who actually cares about americans can do something good 4 us ALL,EVERYONE,NO MORE DIVIDING NO MORE HATE
No today you are talking chit whats wrong crybaby walls closing in lol yeah its called a jail cell but you will have plenty of company jkazz
Chuck, it's too late now to try & copy President Trump. Dems have no original ideas. Better off sticking to your fake russian conspiracies
Praise Mammon! We must save our nation through the holy act of Consumption
A better deal to fill your pockets Chucky & the rest of ur socialist demo-liars while u & Congress finish destroying the middle class
You folks had 2 years of owning the entire government and 6 after that to do what you're trying to tell us you're gonna do? That's laughable
Really! What a inspiration.
None of these is achievable under modern liberalism
You spend all you recoup.  Why bother
America do not believe this propaganda from the father of lies He would sell his soul to keep his senate seat His main goal is his bank acct
Again this is why we voted Trump! He acts you only yak! #MAGA
Mr Schumer. Way did you not do this the last eight years. This is a another way to put money in the Dems pockets. Quit lying.
#MAGA @POTUS 2020
And here we have a worse deal
Get yourself (government) out of the way and see how fast this will happen. #MAGA
You had your chance and ran it into the ground. 
And it's your leftist agenda that put us http://here.Now  let's trust you to fix it?Now you are for the working man again? Jackass
Tomorrow we will be talking more entitlement handouts, and you the tax payer will pay for it.
Lyin' Cryin' Chuck now supporting @realDonaldTrump's campaign. A little late for the #JokeOfADeal
Following POTUS lead. About time Chuckie boy
Copy cat mimicking POTUS!!
#MedicareForAll
#ABetterDeal What a joke!
Finally you're on the same page as Trump. WELL played senator.
We have a job we don't want a Raise we have a Trade we are #Local3 we need to get back to work with what we had our Medical and pension

Liars we have seen your past 8 years.  HYPOCRITES
Raise wages = kill jobs.  Raise wages = raise expenses. Follow Dems plan and kill the economy.  Dems never went to business school
President aTrump Won the Election on those issues and it took democrats 7 months to figure that out .
Start by Subsidizing Small Businesses & continue with the fossil fuel industry crosstraining only in Wind/Solar. Thinking Out of the Box....
Schumer u talk the Trump talk copy cat
Or we can talk about cutting out NAFTA, lowering taxes by shutting down government agencies that do more harm than good; that's most of them
Translation:    Steal Trump thunder. - try to have a Democratic agenda  -  convince public we're not all bozos.    Except for Maxine Waters
you have been a Senator for 10 years now and you're just coming up with a plan now? your plan has no substance BTW, just flapping gums again
Why didn't you all Dems during Obama? All you did was spend money, lie and cut military. 
Cut military? Our military budget hasn't changed since 911
What you really mean:
-We'll say anything it takes to get your votes
The US needs to start paying its debts or the entire world will cut you off from resources which we are already starting to organize.
Your  trying to be like our PRESIDENT TRUMP why are you trying to take is ideas just work with him
Begs the question what were you doing the last 8 years?
Sounds like trumps goals, what are going to offer if trump succeeds.
why say this its already going on thanks to Donald Trump
You a Donald Trump clone. Dems better deal is nothing buy MAGA. Good to see the dems agree with the President. @realDonaldTrump @gop
You have 0 message

How is this any different than the Georgia guy that lost in the election recently
Republican current plans, start supporting you hypocrite...
Lip service as usual. Same sh** different day deal.
Yeah ok stop your bullshit chuck we don't buy it !!
Too vague. Be more specific with details on how you plan on doing this?
Nice you are supporting Trump, it's about time.
Here's how your representative answers constituents concerns
Chuck, there is no "better deal " if it's coming from you and your cronies.  #TermLimits
You can't raise salaries or create jobs.  Only business can and your restrictions on businesss kills new businesses
How is government supposed to do any of that? Those would all happen if you got out of the way and let capitalism do its thing
What about a Wasserman Shultz prosecutor?
All that's what here in Ohio we call BULLSHIT!
