Thank you can't wait to order a $20 hamburger
1st The price of your hamburger will not go up to 20 bucks. I probably won't even go up a quarter.
2nd, corporations should not be allowed to pay their employees a non living wage and expect taxpayers to make up the difference.
Get educated and get a better job, chances are they will be replaced by robotics anyway
A better idea would be if employers would pay a living wage. No employer should live in opulence while he's employees live in poverty.
I agree with raising the minimum wage BUT ...
Where does that leave EMTs, healthcare workers Etc who are only making two to three $ more than that an hour?? quite an imbalance there
When minimum wage goes up so does every other job.
Other jobs wages do not automatically go up because minimum wage goes up.
Skilled workers wages did not go up.
In Australia, the fast food employees make $19 an hour
I hope minimum wage does go up and it should. But that doesn't mean skilled labor wages will go up automatically also.
But in all fairness it really should
Small biz will suffer and massive unemployment will ensue. How about this, deregulate and lower biz taxes, then growth happens/ wages go up
Low Minimum wage is needed to keep peoples drive for more going. Or everyone would flip burgers for their life. Sorry but we need to keep it
U gotta be kidding??
It will double unemployment sorry but some types of jobs are not worth that amount of money so employers will lay people off
How do you know? Give me a source. A study maybe.
No wonder you democrats keep losing
Right, because caring that the rich are exploiting the poor is such a bad issue.
Right because the only fathomable reason the poor are poor is because rich people exploit them. Obviously
They are being exploited when employer refuses to pay a living wage. No employer should live in opulence well his employees live in poverty.
Um yes they should. People who are in poverty are in poverty because of themselves most of the time. An employer is not your mother.
Blame the victim. No people are in the situation they are in mostly because of the avarice of others. Few choose to live in poverty.
Few choose to have personal responsibility and do the work necessary to not be poor. Their fault
That's a Libertarian line of bullshit. Times have changed opportunities have dried up mostly because the  rich wanted cheap labor.
You would lose so many jobs by doing that.  You create a circle that doesn't end if you do that - everyone would need to get a raise.
What part of we need the middle class paying jobs not min wage paying jobs. You have 0 clue don't you? Hello hello someone in there?
We ALL need a raise from the minimum wage people all the way thru the middle class. #workingpoor
This from the traitor who schemed w/ @SpeakerRyan to screw military  families out of earned benefits while funding food stamp ads in Mexico.
Good luck with that! Why don't you try improving the education in your state's public schools so the students can get a good job.
@SenSanders @GoodJobsNation no thank u patty for voting to fire million US workers so big $ donors billionaires get bonuses
Cool!
This solves nothing. If food prices, rent, etc keeps going up. We will be back in the same place in no time.
Yes while the country is hijacked by a foreign power. Sure talk about minimum wage for 2024?!?! But head in sand about the WH treason? WWF!!
WHAT A JOKE.  DO YOU NOT SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING TO THOSE JOB.  GONE GONE GONE.  DUH WHO COULD HAVE SEEN THAT COMING.  YOU HYPOCRITES.
Use your head min wage just went up in WA. cost on most everything else did also. Start working on the real issues and not special interst
Oh yes just wait till every restaurant and retail store lay off employees for self-serve kiosks... God you're morons!
Why don't you go home like your college from NY said, if you are not going to do anything or the good of the country, instead of your base
Awesome Patty! Love to see you supporting a 15min wage! Now stop taking money from big pharma and support Medicare for all!
Thank you again Senator Murray, a living wage is essential and here at home we support you fully.
Which results in fewer jobs. Jeez, take a business class would you.
Why not protest state capitols and city halls? lol Less attention?
Senator look around you Do you really believe anything or anyone will help min wage earners in this administration?
Bringing us into higher taxes, raising the deficit.  Who are you ppl?  No common sense!
Respectfully, Senator, you misspelled "minimum."
We need it now!#
There jobs are gone now have been replaced with robots
The more you inflate an arbitrary min wage, the more pain there will be on families you say you want to help.
MURRAY, YOU SHOULD HAVE DONE THAT 15 YEARS AGO!
Raising the min wage raises labor costs which raises prices which makes a $15 raise virtually ineffective.
Why can't people figure this out. Politicians use this ploy to get votes. If min. wage goes to $15, it hurts small business, jobs, all of us
More money in worker's pockets helps the economy grow!
We should instead create a MAXIMUM wage of $15/hour that applies to Patty and others like her who are as dumb as a sack of compost.
@SenSchumer @GoodJobsNation you are always trying to cripple America
same patty murray that worked to shoot down cheaper prescription drugs.
M/H clinicians in WA make $22 starting out. If min wage raises all rates need to, or else 0 financial reason to go to college
What, just to have the prices of everything to rise with it. Useless, they pass it on to the consumers.
resistance March on May 27th pls tell everyone u can we need to go LG 12p.m.-4peaceful take chg ur area pls
You want to ruin small businesses. But that's what you Democrats do best!
Imagine what this country would be if wages had been keeping up with inflation-it takes almost 4 hrs now to earn as much as 1 hr did in '85.
The rate of unemployment would be much higher
Let us be mindful that automation and overpopulation are also a great threat to "jobs" so there has to be a modern alternative to the old
No offense but I don't really think the minimum wage is the issue I think it's the fact that illegal immigrants are taking our jobs
Tell ur ppl the truth for once, raising minimum wage will only lose jobs. Ppls lives r more important than just their votes. #evil
How's that working out in the restaurants in California?
Welcome to the bandwagon.
$15 for a Wendy's employee who can't get 3 orders correct in a row? 
And same employee has four children to three different dads....smh
$15 minimum wage would not be good for the economy. the price of everything would increase.
The price of everything is already increasing, far faster than minimum wage. Which of course is exactly the problem.
Raising the min wage to 15 dollars is not the solution, everything will simply go up to follow the increase.
Now i agree with this I've  said this for 30 years
Social media can have an impact. It helps us all unite
Miniminiminiminim
Yes! Now, not in 10-15 years! #resist
you will just pay more for the goods.
A living wage is meaningless if there aren't enough jobs due to automation. We need to talk about #basicincome for all!
We also need to educate people to design, operate, and maintain automation systems.
Of course, but is that what everyone is going to do? It would be a small percentage of the current work force lost to automation.
