Sick of paying for illegals, you take them home and pay for them if you want them, take them to your house!
Illegals you don't pay for. Illegals can't get welfare cuz their illegal, they cant get SS,SSI,Medicaid or Medicare. You promote Propaganda
You have no clue how the system works.
Mabey you should have followed the law in the first place! You put them in this horrible situation!
How long do you intend to keep raising taxes, so that the American middle class pays for their food stamps and Medicaid?
Those illegel aliens should stay in their own country or immigrate and become Leger citizens! Families not torn apart then!
if congress tried to push a new bill for migration an got denied, if even one US person dies in a shelter state thats blood on "there hands"
Don't let families be torn apart. Deport them all. Now!!!
time to stand for what is legal and right no to ILLEGALS
It's Russia's fault 
Chuck illegal is illegal. Blame their parents for not following the law.
& at least 2 people having a private dinner are at risk of being attacked by Chuck Schumer  solely for voting for Pres Trump
Elderly folks eat dinner at that!
Come legally.
WHAT @Lwbayfront  Tweeted.
It's simple Chucky. Obey immigration laws! #retirechuck #MAGA
Those laws are what the debate is about. It wouldn't have made sense to demand MLK to just obey the water fountain laws.
Illegal aliens r breaking the laws currently on the books! MLK was a citizen of the U.S. Illegals r not! #MAGA
Slaves weren't citizens. That didn't make those laws either just or right.

#RealityCheck
True but illegals R Not citizens. Mexico would not allow me 2 stomp on their laws b/c I wanted 2 stay. #MAGA
The debate is among Americans on what are immigration laws should be. Those laws will, by definition, affect non-citizens.
That reality makes your argument a complete non-sequitur. Start talking about what the laws should be, not what they are.
Laws r in place currently regarding entry to USA. If they follow them they can stay like the thousands who followed the laws.
immigration policy is failing people. Not trumps immigration policy
At risk of what? You reap what you sow. Blame it on the parents and democrat party.
If they are illegal aliens, then they are not "Americans",they are unfortunate children of criminal lawbreakers being exploited by Dimm pols
Dems ignored immigration law and allowed this mess to happen. Now they try to blame Trump? BULLSHIT.
the illegal aliens should have thought about it before breaking the law by sneaking into my country. They put there family in it
Did you parade them in news when obama was deporting illegals? Stop disobeying the law.
why you flip flop on your views on immigration. This might help those you're putting in news:
it is time to plan the expulsion of trump WH before they do irreparable damage.
This is your fault.  We have laws, you like to keep these people in poverty so they will vote for you.  That is slavery!
.immigrants that come here legally don't support your lying agenda..you should surrender to a federal prison for violating laws
they are at risk because their parent(s) broke the law.
#SchumersRumors
& @TheDemocrats put #every #American at risk w/ their #ppl killing policies & ideology
literally will risk you for #refugees
only if their parents are criminals.
here's a solution. Have people stop freaking coming here illegally and get in line like my wife did. What makes illegals special
to bad can't save all the bottom Feeders Chucky. If you're so concerned you support them with all that cash you steal
Their parents are one reason Democrats 2008 majority has eroded steadily. 
You all blew your wad on Ocare..
Are they felons?
how come u don't seem to care about American citizens who would have been alive today if our immigration laws had been enforced
2 illegals caught at the border, let go because of Obama's "Catch and Release" policy. a 17 n 18 yr old in a class w/14yr olds
how come u don't seem to care about a 14yr old girl who was raped by 2 illegals in a HS bathroom stall?
Sanctuary Cities are illegal and should be defunded!!! we can thank your boy Barack for the surge of MS-13 gang violence as well
we know u dont' want them deported because u consider them a future voting base so no Republican ever gets elected again!
We want our immigration laws enforced...I am a hard working tax paying American citizen and sick of u Dems w/the illegals!
they take much more then they give...87% of households headed by an illegal family member are on welfare/public assist programs
imagine all the money we could save if all would be deported...over $200B a year of taxpayer is spent on "ILLEGALS"!
he's not raiding schools or private homes! wow! once again this is why we vote Republican and u lost the election!
this is BS and fear mongering! He's going after criminals aka murderers, rapists, pedophiles, drug traffickers, gang members
You can't break into my home. You can't break into my country.  What's your ulterior motive in encouraging illegal immigrants?
You did nothing to change this mess and like it or not you are responsible for what Trump has been doing.  Do your job.
Chuckie...what do you think about the 3 million immigrants Obama deported and left children to be put in foster care?!!!!
ILLEGAL ILLEGAL ILLEGAL ILLEGAL ILLEGAL ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS NOT LEGAL IMMIGRANTS
how about the AMERICAN CITIZENS killed by illegals every day..AMERICANS come first!!!!!
If their parents aren't committing crimes they should not be deported. Obama deported illegal immigrants too. More so
we taxpayer's spend over 141 million a yr to help feed these illegals! What about our homeless veterans? Oh you could care less!
Since your #1 Priority is obviously keeping people that aren't here legally safe. It's way past time for you to retire!
Hey ding ding can you stop spewing your LIES and spreading fear across America for your Russian comrades. Thanks
schumer do you even know the difference in your fear mongering LIES! America isn't against legal immigration. Illegal is illegal
@NancyPelosi Please stop blurring the lines between legal and illegal immigration.
I am a legal immigrant and I support Trump .... stop lying to people .... illegals must go we will build that wall
I wish we had hanging like we did in the old days for traitors
GOOD!!   Their parents broke the LAW. And now are using their children as sympathy pawns, That's disgusting & SICK! #MAGA
no because oftheir criminal families.to tell them to keep protesting and cause trouble is treasonous
Another complete and utterly BS statement.. Like I said before you Chucky, are a danger to the republic.
what do the Dems suggest to stop the flow of new immigrants. What is your suggestions for immigration. Actions not words
good!!! They have no business being here anyways, how about you personally help them out, you have a big house
Its not policy, its the law. You created this mess Mr. Schumer. Someone has to clean it up. You can no longer buy vote
Sorry & Sympathetic, but illegals brought this upon themselves by not respecting our Federal Laws
previous administration looking the other way and america last. You guys should be fired!
Americans first. You guys have put us in the back burner forever!!!
Repeating the same lie doesn't make it true. If they are indeed "Americans" here legally they won't be deported. #FollowingLaws
More left wing fear mongering and lies. Bow it outcher ass, Schumer.
You liberals opened the gates and allowed illegals in. Had you enforced the law on the books, this would not be an issue.
do we follow the law or not. They came knowing full well.  Their decision, their consequences.
.@SenSchumer
We disapprove of elected leaders and appointed judges conniving at violation of U.S. immigration law.
Nearly 6 Mil American children are at risk because of the Trump admin's immigration policy tearing families apart. http://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2017/03/28/trump-latino-deportation-children-la-raza-column/99689072/ …
Let's call it what it is "ILLEGAL immigration"....and talk about crimes committed against the innocent by illegals.
why do u Democrats care more about ILLEGALS than American citizens?
@LeslieMarshall Don't parents illegal activities get any credit. Dog mean parents deliberately deposited children in harms way!
The kids can go with the parents, they just can't stay here.
They would not be at risk if parents didn't break the law. Let their parents take them with them. Dem slave trade?
Why are democrats trying to destroy our society? Why are you killing our children's future with illegals and refugees?
6 million ILLEGALS,Chuck, not AMERICANS.
Good, ship the whole family back. ILLEGAL IS ILLEGAL! What part don't you understand?
This is a failed narrative used to prop up Globalist agenda. Chuckles, u don't strike me as the bleeding heart type
Sen Schumer what about the Christians attacked and stoned  while exercising free speech and protesting?
if they are illegal, show them to door, hey chuck? Are you going to start fake crying? Maybe they shouldn't have broken the law?
illegals not legal Do you democrats all have memory loss or just stupidity? Guess you don't want to lose your votes
How pathetic, not everyone in this country fell off the turnip truck. Dem party is so transparent.
Send the whole family back to their own countries!!!!
Those kids should Not have been born here in the first place, if the government would have done it's job!
parents should have considered their actions like those deported by obummer
DO THE RIGHT THING-CHUCK-SEND ALL 6M [AMERICAN?] CHILDREN BACK WITH THEIR KEEP TOGETHER FAMILIES.????
disheartening that this is not the America I know - shut the door on ppl - .even cutting meaningful programs & foreign aid.
Trump will protect AMERICAN children.
tear away, we have our own children to worry about, but not as much as when Obama was president.
u r a disgrace
how many more are at risk without it! Protect Americans Chuck!




No, those "children" are not "at risk". They should go home with their parents.  Deport them ALL!
Stupid ppl like Schumer should not be able to tweet anything until they hv read EVERY comment on their ignorant posts
if these people became citizens their be NO problem!!!!!! Your not to smart
Trump didn't tear them apart.  Those who didn't enforce our laws & encouraged them to come did @BarackObama @HillaryClinton
I am very happy that we have a president who will enforce the law for everyone.
GO TRUMP!


Fatherless children at risk everyday in places like #chicago and no tears like the fake ones you have for potential democrat votes.
Yes. Now let's allow bank robbers' children to keep the money. Oh and don't send thief to jail, lest it "break them apart" @SenSchumer #Putz
Trump is going after criminals and you are sensationalizing it. When is your next tears act? You are such a phony!
play me a fiddle Chuck.
senator what BS hold children hostage for your lack of ethics, morals. What  coward. Their perents broke the law.
Your party lost in 2010 2012 2014 2016 because you use citizen like a cash cow to support your illegals & refugees past 20 yrs
Trump unilaterally legislated all immigration law hes enforcing? You should be committed Chuck You're nuts  
Shut up Chucky! Illegal immigration is against the law! has the most legal immigration in the world! Stop Lying!
If the parents are illegal, the entire family needs to go.  These children were born in the US on purpose.
How about American families forever torn apart because their loved ones were killed by illegals?
chuck the word illegal means these people are breaking the law. Are you supporting people who break the law?
and there sits one young girl who is being ignored..SHAMEFUL
Sir, if you had gotten off you kiester during the last admin and worked it out, you won't be batching about Trump's
You always forget about the key word "illegal". Chuck it means: contrary to or forbidden by law, especially criminal law:
YOU ARE SCARING THEM BY MISREPRESENTING THE POLICY
why don't you work with republicans to change the laws to enforce??? POTUS is enforcing YOUR MADE LAWS!!! It's your fault
he is talking about actual criminals. Why do you insist on lying and claiming he's talking about all undocumented immigrants?
We don't care.  "Family Unity" means going back to where you came from now.
Democratic can kicking and failures to enforce laws and promises. Vote buying. DNC trades citizens safety to but votes
more fake tears chucky?
THE ARE ILLEGALS TOO SEND THEM WITH THEIR PARENTS THE HAVE ABUSE AMERICAN LAWS. THEIR PARENTS ARE NOT LEGAL NOR ARE THEY
They don't see the real impact on the children/lives...they are merely statistics to politicians...
low income working Americans thrown to the wayside over illegals DEM CORE VALUES Fuk American citizens #thebitterpill
Thanks @POTUS for enforcing the law!
do you know what illegal means? I'm ok if people come here the legal way and want to assimilate to our culture
if I squat in ( name any other country) I will get kicked out or arrested. Why should we be any different? Adjust your brain
Do SOMETHING TANGIBLE! Be @SenWarren
chuckyif you want mainstream American support for ILLEGALS try starting by not insulting us Those signs should be in ENGLISH 
Hey Chuckie @POTUS is deporting illegal criminals amd there are thousands of them living off America.
You libtards just make up ridiculous stories and your sheep believe them.
by deporting ILLEGAL aliens? Why didn't these people FOLLOW the law and become citizens as they should have?
@USA me no understand what that says. Speak and write in a english or go back to whet u came from leeches.
how many are illegal aliens?  Huh Chucky?
this has happened because of you not Trump, he just got here
Get on medication,  please.
fake news fake news your fake, ohh yeah your party is fake, fake fake!!
U mean like the unmasking of incidental surveillance by Obama and his admin. Is that what U mean!!!!
don't tear them apart. Send the whole family back to mexico
we the people voted so too bad
Millions of Americans at risk due to illegal immigrants brought into  U.S. illegally by the democrat party at taxpayers expense
-They are illegals....not immigrants...big difference, of course your a Democrat so your ignorant to the facts.Thank God 4 Trump
the courts year family's sorry every day.  Jail for criminals is essentially same.#stpuidem
Victims of illegal aliens 
Your drama&victimizationexcuses to impose yourself upon LEGALITY,doesn't work anymore
