@AsaHutchinson @SenTomCotton maybe you should think of Arkansans who need Medicaid and healthcare...ya think?
More like save the tax-payer $1.1 billion. Sit on that NYers. Ever wonder what the state tax in Arkansas is? Minus- city tax, county tax,etc
AND IT WOULD KILL PEOPLE.
Why ya need federal funding ? When we had jobs insurance was never an issue ! Create a problem & then trust you to solve it ? Lol
Sch will lose thousands if he fails to protect the lobbyist which have him dancing like a puppet. #MAGA @SenSchumer Resign
How?
That's right.  Government spending should NEVER go down. Keep tweeting your party into oblivion Senator

Quit lying to people!
So Chuck. That's $366.00 per person...much less than a month premium of Obamacare.
mine is only $282 p/m. apparently you're not bright enough to understand the whole ramifications. Get an education
Ok, thanks I will. What University would you recommend. Bernie wants to cover $.
Tenn covers community college for most HS grads I believe. Many states r looking at that model. Not as expensive as many thought,
What a deal .... for the 1%rs &2%rs.
N # of lives
Cc @SenTomCotton. $1.1B. That's billion, with a 'B', Tom.
More wall money to keep out illegals & military to keep us safe MAGA
Blah blah blah old Chuckie boy
That is an absolute LIE and you know it.
Prob.what they will save on ILLEGALLS chuck!!! or more
Where are the governors?  They have a say in this, but they seem to have lost their voice?  Why?  Don't tell me they have golden parachutes!
Since the Federal government should not be funding that the reduction is a good thing.
@SenTomCotton @JohnBoozman Please take note and vote NO. Your constituents need you to value them over party. This bill would devastate AR!
Talk to McCain about blocking this latest attempt to destroy healthcare.TrumpedUp care is dangerous.
Arkansas is taking advantage of additional income of 'Medicaid expansion' to pay for a lot of highway work. That'll crash the state economy.
More lies!
Look under the table # there is a better deal under there I am sure
The uncertainty in DC from @GOP & @SenateGOP has caused the ind ins comp to pull out of #VA. Ocare has been great 4 us.We've never been w/o
Republicans love fucking over their base. But they also cut education funding to keep them uneducated enough to keep voting GOP.
I'm just about sick enough of the @GOP BS to say go for it! Screw over your red states! Put all your voters on welfare or in BK. Just do it!
They need to just stop! They go from bad to worst! They have no shame!! 
Go #Razorbacks
Good Chuck. I live in AR and it is costing me 9,500.00 per year for insurance premiums and deductibles before my insurance pays a dime
Ur not worried about Ark. ur worried about NY?
Senator, can you please call cnn and msnbc? They are covering everything but this. Thank you, love u!
You say "Federal Funding", as though the politicians are paying the bills. Democrats just want to confiscate and redistribute
Buying votes! #Democrats
Anyone else wondering if he should be doing something productive on a Monday instead this...
If Chuck is saying it? It must be a lie! There is no such thing as Trumpcare! Although Trump does care!
No problem, just take it out of the Pork Barrel.
Don't you mean the tax payers save $1.1billion?
The 1.1 million you think you will save will be taxed to everyone to pay for some fucking wall. Where's your tax savings now.
So, what you're saying is that the tax money can be used more wisely elsewhere like paying down the deficit or better public programs. Great
Translation:  the Republican Party have now become the actual death panels they warned everyone about.
All those billions saved, you and Oboma can give away free phones, Health insurance. "WHY" to BUY A VOTE!! Not save our COUNTRY!!
Great
How twisted does his inner compass have to be to want to be the face of a bill that has the potential to kill millions who lost healthcare
States are supposed to be able to govern themselves, therefor be sufficient enough to pass budgets without federal help. #Trumpcare #UNGA
No, the American tax payers SAVE $1.1 billion
Demacrats have to stop giving American tax payers money away ! That's why we voted for TRUMP
Thanks for looking out for Arkansas better than our own senators, @SenTomCotton & @JohnBoozman.
Keep calm and wear a pink hat, Sen, Schumer.
I trust this has less chance of passing than the last one
The redistribution in state vs state is not important. What matters in health care is life vs death
Do you pull these numbers out of a hat or out of your ass?
@MarkRuffalo u enjoying that cup of coffee still? @SenSanders that Gov care u got? @ShaunKing what's @HillaryClinton approv rating?  #ACA
But who cares as long and big corporations and the ultra rich get their tax cuts!
What you mean is 1.1 billion in tax payer $'s.
You toss billions like quarters in a penny arcade. 1 billion is total tax paid by 107m/year.
Thank you for reporting state by state losses due to this latest GOP cruelty
you have a money tree in your back yard chuckie?
Cassidy. What a prize.
So many crooks. So much winning.
Congress represents the interest of all people in every state, anything less is a dereliction of their duties. The mass consequence in 2018!
.

&under @DNC obama care how many millions americans suffering

While @DNC keeps theirs 

Suffer with Americans

@DNC wins americans loose
Maybe their religion will save them..especially the preaching from religious freaks in office
The solution that should be pursued is @SenSanders #MedicareForAll Bill. Why have you, the Minority Leader for Dems, not signed on?
You mean the same thing he said would bankrupt America back in the 1980s
You mean you will lose kickback money if this passes. You cant have you income lowered now can you? Sounds good to me
Maybe States can figure out what's best for their constituents and my premiums in individual markets can return closer to where it was!!
Why don't you support #MedicareForAll ?
The Arkansas who voted for Trump. How's that bitch slap feel now?? Y'all fell for the republicans bullshit and once again, y'all gonna lose
Single payer will not work same as obamacare but worse more expensive long waits to see DR.
That's a good start, where else can we make cuts?
I guess Arkansas wants this which is why they voted for it.
Schumer,... ask your caucus to unanimously call for DJT to end Congress & ur staffs 73% subsidy for healthcare. Otherwise END ACA!
You're a loon!
Under ocare I pay $18,000 a yr prem and hv a $25,000 deductible and can't find a Dr. or a pediatrician w/in hrs drive who accepts my policy.
Chucky stick it in your mouth Mark ohio
I hope you're doing this for all states!!!
Holy shit, this should've been done along time ago then. That's a ridiculous subsidy.
You are SO full of Mr. Clown boy
I know this is mean, but it's fine with me....they're responsible for the current administration
Not this Disabled Arkansan!
Chuckles is worried about Arkansas because......?   Has New York annexed Arkansas without even a vote in Arkansas?
No one is denying anyone healthcare.
You want healthcare, buy your own! You're not my child.
ObamaCare. Taxation without representation.
Ya mean like the money I paid into disability for 35 yrs before I became completely disabled with Multiple Sclerosis? Yeah, that's my $.
Same with Medicare and Medicaid. I paid for them. They are my insurance now. They aren't a hand out. They keep me alive.
You mean less American Tax dollars are being used? Dems just love sticking it to Joe the plumber.

ignore explaining and less and less people will believe what you have to say .
WHAT'S UP CHUCK?  YOU LOVE OBAMACARE SO MUCH, IS THIS YOUR PERSONAL CHOICE FOR YOUR FAMILY'S INSURANCE?  I DOUBT IT!
It really is. Congress is on Obamacare at the present time. These bills the Repubs are putting forth let them keep Obamacare, but not us.


Please tweet exact amount Coloradans will loose
WE must keep telling @SenCoryGardner
WE want OUR healthcare & this bill will cost CO!!!
I do buy my own!
But Congress can't allow Insurance co gouge ppl simply because health issue (including pregnancy)

For a strong economy-we need healthy ppl
The sick should pay more, especially if the illness is a result of life decisions.. i.e. drug use, promiscuous sex habits, obesity
AND LOOK WHAT THE ENTIRE USA IS LOSING WITH OBAMACARE, AND LOOK WHAT WE HAVE TO PAY OUT TO KEEP THIS DELUSIONAL PLAN.  WAKE UP CHUCK
I know...one payor system for liberals, paid for by them. Free market for the rest of us.
Arkansans would certainly not be "winning".
Make your call burn up the phone lines come on ppl
Alarming provision from the bill: cruel pricing out of the sick. 
Are Senators excluded from the impacts? @SenateGOP
I am sure they don't need that money in Arkansas.  The lower-than-average life expectancy is just a coincidence.
but the other 49 states would add 1.1B
Arkansas is a Republican state for a reason.
So do something, Chuck!!!

This needs to be stopped at all costs.
