If GOP is foolish enough to pass this, those w/ #preexistingconditions will almost certainly be left w/out access to affordable quality care
I prefer pay 30 dollar's copays in meds and pcp besides pay 1,300 in insurance always. Not telling the true to people.wee smart lack of true
I lost my insurance b/c of Obamacare, so I will be one of first to die.
@SenSchumer must be smoking something? because it's the current #ObamaCare passed by ALL #DEMS that has increased deductibles + rate Hikes
So you agre out of pocket is high. So why haven't you done anything about it? Why are you playing politics? You need to be a leader.
I've had insurance my entire life until the last two years, can't afford it. Pretty soon no one will be able to afford. Don't buy it, ripoff
#Deathcare #Trumpcare
Your talking Obama care now which is outrageous
Not true Premiums gave tripled under your parties implementation of Obamacare
prove lib. U don't know how bad dem health care is and high cost for us u don't have it so shut up until u ha facts
please resign now and then I will be happy to chuck
Well with a million dead people less customers lower prices Sober up & think about it
@SenTedCruz is a spawn of Satan whose main goal is the destruction of America
Hard to believe because many can't afford ACA deductible now, prefer to pay penalty
Essential Benefits are crucial! #ACA saved my life bcs of them.
according to U the russians are coming, global warming, I mean climate change will kill everyone & the healthcare will take out who's left
Filibuster everything until they deal with the mentally ill president.  Nothing can or should be done until this is done.  Act before too lt
You'll see how traitorous and unAmerican the GOP truly are...
as beholden to their $$$masters as 45 is to his.
What is it with the @GOP & screwing over Americans?
More than 116% increase?
My co pays tripled when ACA went into affect! Not a word from you
No plan from schumer #Obamacare failed
Yes. What good is insurance if you can't go to the Doctor due to high cost
That's how it is now
Somehow this statement seems like you're throwing rotten tomatoes rather than trying to help. Sad.
My son in CA's deductible for recent hernia op so high, it was cheaper to private pay at hernia clinic. Excellent result I hasten to add.
That's the same bill you gave us under Obamacare so what are you complaining about
Several in my family are on Obamacare but cannot afford to use it.
This is why Senators and Congress should have the same h/c plan they're trying to foist on us. They'd have a better understanding.
Just words without explanation
Why does a crazy say anything attack anyone always golfing person get to keep his job and get away w/ ethic violations?#takeaction
Remember the early 60's before we had all these ideas about medical plans and  who pays?  It was pretty good right?
thanks to ACÁ&pass it to see what's in it, blabber-Dems made a mess of healthcare exempting urselves from paying in -start paying ur share
GOP health "care" :
1. Don't get sick 
2. Die quickly 
#DontheCon #popularvoteloser #makeamericasickagain #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica #Sad
They don't give a shit as long as the Rich that are bankrolling them get richer, Koch brothers need tax cuts!!
Recall that we can keep our Dr. & keep our insurance plan.  Where were you then?

An Emirati social media activist arrested by the authorities on charges of sympathizing with Qatar
#Free_Ghanim #UAE
Crybaby, didn't you cry about this last week?
Heard you moving to Kenya ---- You and Nancy will start having little monkey babies, then Harry gets mad you screwing Nancy. Yaw Hoo
who dont choose ignorance already kno this.Looks thGOP think were all dumb.This will hurt millions including GOP
My copays r $100 per visit with a $4500 deductible out of pocket...I can't afford to get to any specialist...who can?
Hope the American Public isn't so gullible they take Cruz's word for it instead of doing their homework since they will be the ones affected
#SinglePayer
Shut up. Anyone who participated in the passing of ObamaCare has no right to comment on American healthcare again. Ever. #maga
I know people that pay $5000 month now plus a huge deductible. Tell me again how Trump in office since Jan is responsible? Quit lying chuck
I believe that's the case now on some insurances according to some of my doctor friends
@POTUS needs to rescind the obamacare exemption congress received, maybe then you will see the turd it has become.
Repeat, repeat, repeat! Every Dam spokesperson should say this when being interviewed by any news outlet. Senator, the Dems need to rebrand
Nothing left in pockets there  Chuckie  moon 
Mr Schumer. Quit lying to the American people. If something is not done none of us will have healthcare. Congress needs to adopt our plan.
Ho-Bama got my copays and ER visits 100  percent. The hell with you and Ho-Bama
the Dems were going to save us on the average 2500.00, we could keep our existing plan & Doctor.. All of the promises were lies& now kaboom
Because they are paying little to nothing today!
I'm guessing a lot of people aren't going to pay more they probably will go to the emergency room like they used to
I have to add reps and sen are so out touch with poor and middle class it is literally astonishing
you dont have solution.  Political bullcrap
More lies from crying chuckie
Chuckles you just say anything don't you no facts needed right???
FAKE NEWS
Every time. GOP talks premiums you should talk. Total cost. Low premiums don't mean much if  yuge deductibles,copays and lifetime caps
Bingo. My premium is $350 for a $6,000 deductible.
BS
Lie
What exactly is the DEM plan to fix this @SenSchumer? You need to inform us. How are you going to fix the train wreck known as Obamacare?
They don't pay anything-there's no coverage
Since this is true if the last 9 years as well, don't you think we should return to 2008?
But if you n other gov stay out of it, it is worth it!

Everything is already out if pocket. Huge premiums and monster deductible.  Just repeal and give me free market. PLEASE!!!
You're describing  OBAMACARE My ded was 6800 and my pymt was 585.00 a mo just  me no health issues they pulled out I have nothing!!!!!!!
No one answers when I ask a mill times, what is Dems fix to health care.  The B&C but don't have a plan
Really - I did not think they could be higher than they are now under Obummercare!
#MAGA #AMERICAFIRST
If U don't like it Chuck,get off your sorry ass & put something http://forward.You  need to go.U R worthless for NY. U R gone next term!
But hey, that's their choice! Am I right @tedcruz? #VoteOutTheIncumbent #Texas votes for @BetoORourke
STOP SAYING WHATS WRONG SAY WHAT TO DO
If Obamacare is so good why don't you go on the plan?
How long do we have to listen to this asshole blow hot air out he's ass?
Proof?
I don't think costs will rise to the leve of obamacare
You have #zerocredibilty on Healthcare after all the lies & the disastrous NObamacare law. #bettercare
Blah blah blah
After all the lies you guys told to get the so-called ACA passed, you must be high if you think you have any credibility at all Chucky!!
its time to impeached the traitor in the white house
But the good part u leave out is if I don't want this I won't have a forced tax to pay
Because of ur team's actions in 09 many Americans lost their healthcare & up to 70% of their Delphi pensions. WNY loses $151M/yr after year
Government needs to get out of the health care biz.  Free market works as long as the liberals keep there greedy fingers out of it
Really chuck I don't think it can get much higher, mine doubled to 900.00 a month 4 healthy one person. I had to drop out, under OBama
I pay exponentially more out of pocket today than before Obamacrap. So do more than 100 million Americans. Obamacrap needs to be replealed.
We're supposed to listen to what you have to say about healthcare? Really Chuck? Hahaha...#TermLimits
That's because 50% of us don't make enough to pay federal taxes. Try to keep up & stop watching Faux. #DontheCon #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica

He is delusional.  Need to work with consumers, Drs. &hospitals for cost reductions.   Insurance companies pay bills.  Need a workgroup.
thats hard to believe when many I know $$$$ a month & then have a $$$$ deductible before they can even use ins! put people under gov grp ins
ZERO PROOF - FAKE outrage.
you've proven that you don't know what you're talking about regarding healthcare. All prescripted critiques from u
Let's just repeal it
You're speaking of Obamacare
It's not possible.
Breaking: Schumer shows his lack of leadership by spewing what others tell him. He has few ideas to help. Not his own man. Losing his voters
YOU AS AN ALCOHOLIC YOU NEVER ARE HAPPY WITH CHANGES. GET SOBER
Mine are already there Chuck.....
Like Obama?
Oh, you mean like every time a Demo is in power? You are a thief, CHUCKY-BOY. Medicaid needs cuts to undeserving citizens AND ILLEGALS!!!

Schumer: Stop jawbong and put out facts.
Every time you out of touch politicians  interfere with the personal lives of the Taxpayers (who provide your lavish life) we geton.
We have to get Cruz OUT  support his opponent Rosen  She needs your support  Plz pitch in and help her campaign
@SenTedCruz should practice smiling like a human being and not like an alien in a human suit trying to pass off as being human
When you can't pay for AHC the effect is the same. What is the difference & what is your plan Mr Critic. Obsequious Putz
But they get to choose. You didn't think we deserved it when you jammed AHC down our throats on Christmas Eve. Pretty rich coming from you.
REJECT TRUMP/GOP DEATHCARE.....IT'S YOUR FUNERAL!!!
Retirement plan for chuckles
People can't even afford ACA if they could choose it
Chuck, how many lives could be saved with the $50 Billion Dollars of Medicare/Medicaid fraud that occurs EVERY year?  #WePayEnoughTaxes
Also Chuck why aren't Dems pointing out that Reblicans are catering to an industry that has been the top contributor to lobbyists -$6Billion
just let this Democratic boondoggle die on vine.
scare tactic....you think Cruz doesn't know there is a election coming hahah
Remove the Koch Brothers from our politics.
Sorry @SenTedCruz but it's not ok for the American people to pay for your lifetime healthcare and you not do the same! That's unamerican
You are lying! You want socialized medicine and that's not how this country works! Elections have consequences!
Smuck YOUR OBAMACARE IS LIKE THIS NOW
"Your"... what was it you were saying about the US not teaching our children?
pay much more today than we did under the #ACA  you should've amended it when you had the chance Chuck
I pay out of pocket BCBS Massachusetts, my out of pocket is 6500.  I live in Kansas because I work for a transcription company.  It hurts!
You seriously need to wonder what the hell Cruz is thinking...
I swear he is the reincarnation of Joe McCarthy.
Determined to go back to 400,000 families annually declaring bankruptcy. The Senator from Texas, has no shame.
It hasn't been all that long since medical bankruptcy was a sad, very real tragedy..
Yes I went through it in early 2000's
@mystcole @SenTedCruz is one of the best politicians that money can buy.  #BigMoney
So many GOP pretend Free Market is magic. We tried it Pre-ACA: been there; done that; medical bankruptcies were widespread!
Pence be like: 'The President has a dog too, he's called @tedcruz
Liar !!! You have so much your going to answer for to GOD for misleading his ppl. It is better for you tie milestone...&fall into sea
Too many aren't paying at all!
People don't realize this, how would they ()? I only do 'cause I helped a friend get an ACA policy. Fulltime employed, pays 0.48/mo, 0Ded
Amazing how many people don't realize a whole lot of things!
The mega subsidies on ACA seem a well kept secret 
becomes a democracy again, if it ever does, it will be this way. The GOP has figured it out. Un-American but it works for them.
You need to resign 
We need term limits
Ok Chuck but what are you and the rest of the Dems doing to help
Let's see NOTHING
I already pay 700 month with 8000 deductable, thanks shmuck
Todd, he's talking peeps getting up to 99% subsidy, as my TX friend w/ SendaroSilverHMO (0 deduct)=$0.48/mo. My Sis' fam, $1500/10K deduct.
They don't care because they know that, for whatever reason, they will get voted in again no matter what they do. Until the United States...
We don't believe a thing u say Schumer, #ulie 
Ted Cruz is a dingbat. He can't even add

Gee I sure hope I can keep my Obamascam policy, it's only $700 a month with a $6000 deductible.  I haven't even been to a Dr. in 5 years.
I'm so ashamed he represents my state
Yeah, I'd be ashamed if Chuck represented me also.
Since when is Chuck a Texas senator
He doesn't care about poor, elderly, disabled, children #Texans neither does .@GregAbbott_TX
Blah blah
If you are over 50 but under 65 you will NOT be able to afford any insurance, it will cost too much! Next will be Medicare.
Naturally
