You're not qualified to be a senator #Resign
But he is one, so there's that.
And he'll continue to be one as long as he keeps calls out terrible choices like Clovis
What do you do even know about Clovis? Nada New York sheople
Why does being from New York have anything to do with knowing, or not knowing, what an ass #SamClovis is...Google works everywhere.  #Obtuse
It is the sheople part you should focus in on, another dem-wit misses the target again.
I'm sure in your mind, this is a quite witty retort, but frankly, it's just plain silly.  #MoveAlongTroll
I save my contempt for Congress. I admire everyone who expresses their opinion freely here.
Quick question, what makes you qualified to determine he's unqualified for this?
I'm a psychiatrist.
That's disturbing. Do you not see Trump's mental illness?
From my observations I don't see any evidence of a clinical diagnosis. He does have traits of a personality disorder.
Agree. He also has traits of a serial abuser, criminal & racist. Low morality/high greed & ego need. Exactly what Putin looked for to use.
Great example of when facts aren't on your side just make stuff up.  Thank you for displaying this #unhingedliberals
I did none of those things... you are just saying random buzzwords and declaring yourself correct.
Name-calling/Stereotyping: using hashtag "unhinged liberal"
Gaslighting, saying facts aren't there--they are ... /1
Yes, please. I would like USDA's top scientist, to actually be a scientist. #SamClovis is not a scientist, and as a person, he's an asshole.
Donald Trump is wildly unqualified to be USPOTUS.  Congress should pull him NOW.
Much more qualified than Obama was!
If running the vast majority of one's businesses into bankruptcy qualifies someone to be POTUS over a Harvard Law alumnus who served as Sen
If four businesses out of hundreds qualifies as the 'vast majority' in your book, you'd better go back to school-homeschool, of course.
Trump U, Trump steaks, Trump water, Trump vodka, Trump Air, Trump Taj Mahal, Trump Plaza Hotel & Casino...
Sounds good!
All of those are failed businesses under Trump.
One day you will tweet something positive and many will cheer.
Everyone he appt was not qualified  if they were they were dirty
RT if you agree:  Chuck Schumer is wildly unqualified to be US Senator and should resign now.
All the cabinet positions have people who are self dealing kleptocrats & all are unqualified
Haven't we run out of those? (A note of optimism)
Every appointee is unqualified!
Oh, please do shut-up, Mr. *I say stupid things just to say them* @jimMadmup1943.
LMFAO
Keep on obstructing. That will only get people pissed off and get more votes for Trump and more Republicans winning in 2018!
@realDonaldTrump Sam Clovis like so many of your nominations is totally unqualified for the USDA appointment
What makes Clovis unqualified?
He's a professional radio personality with no education or experience in anything even remotely related to the USDA.
Agreed! That post normally goes to a scientist.
Instead of asking folks to RT, why not apply the Hold System as McConnell & GOP did against #PBO for 8yrs. STOP playing Nice #Dems.
@realDonaldTrump doesn't want qualified persons in his cabinet, he wants people he believes he can control.
Placing incompetents to prove our gov is incompetent. Not Patriots but traitorous Kleptocrats.
All Democrat reps are wildly unqualified to be reps. They should all be pulled now before the party is unrecoverable.
There is something morally reprehensible in each of Trump's choices.  I can only conclude GOP wants to destroy this country as well.
hope that u nix his nomination @ any confirmation hearing & hopefully 1 is required b4 he fills a post that requires a scientist not a hack
@Cascada57 @HuffPostPol 
Climate denier and racist.  Seems to be exactly the qualifications Trump@wants.  #Resist this POS
His nomination IS BEYOND not qualified!  Please don't let this happen!
@SherryGramjams @HuffPostPol WILDLY
@realDonaldTrump continues with the wildly unqualified nominees. I mean @BetsyDeVosED heading up Education still horrifies me!
Betsy DeVos is doing a great job and needs to be commended for standing against abuse in our school system!
WTF have you been smoking?

Clovis is the bigot who brought on Carter Page to the MAGA camp. He must go. He also ran the sleazy tricks pulled in GA won by 140k votes!
They are all horrible. Someday soon we will get revenge.  There will be no hostages as far as I am concerned; personal disgrace& humiliation
Who!?
Chuck Schumer..Demented ..Inciting Hate and Violence...Dividing American Values.
Twitter will be as underwater as Houston if we all retweet buck-naked obvious facts.
This has been par for the course for @realDonaldTrump - just pull a random campaign donor's name out of a hat for a job....
Maybe there's a frequent trump hotel stay program. One of those cards where if you stay ten times you get nominated for something.

@margaritarr8 @jbendery INDEED!
Let's see if the CORRUPT GOP will try to approve this appointment and endanger our food supply
No I think he's great
And you're totally unqualified to be a Senator!
Word but if you really like to get back at him help me with my disability benefits that's were it all started I against all his stouts
You are one of the most disgusting in Washington and as I see it that  quite a feat.. DC = writhing mass of corruption and ineptness.
Homophobic talk show host? Perfect choice for a science position. It's disgusting.
Is anyone qualified to have appointed positions
A Marxist "community organizer" was unqualified to be POTUS.  And look what happened.  "Hope & change" nearly destroyed working people.
Since he's NOT a scientist I'd say, yes, he is unqualified. The only thing he does for me is make me question my goatee...
The guy a racist and trump's not even trying to hide it. That should disqualify him,period! He has no experience, degree or skills  so NO!
Dimms have not agreed with any if Trumos appointees!! Seems a bit obvious their agenda of OBSTRUCTION
Who approved him for the position? It's not about qualifications, but about putting his approval on things for him and Trump's cronies.
keep him, you lie way to much chuckie
WAY too many supremely unqualified people in cabinet and admin. He's doing it on purpose. #DoSomethingGOP
Potus could nominate God and you would call the creator unqualified.  #lyingsenator
He is sir but so are the rest of them. I'm starting to suffer fatigue (their plan is working). Dems must come together now & form a plan
The GOP needs to stand up to Trump and stop his silly games.
When it comes to the ugly, insanely unqualified Clovis, it's obvious Like hires Like regardless of how disgusting it is!
.@SenSchumer As are most of those serving in this Cabinet-- What IS THE COMMON DENOMINATORI have an opinion  CNP
You mean like how @realDonaldTrump is wildly unqualified to be our president 
Only 1/4 of all drumps cabinet is qualified-WE shouldNOT have to accept a "trial & error" government
Patty is my senator. Soon the trump trial will be in the senate. She knows what to do.
That all you got? Sad!
Not a student of history are we? Sad!
Aww libtard, big word!
A suggestion, at the rosk of lowering yourself, "CONtard"
As a person who has spent my whole professional life in the food industry this is yet another real problem of this presidents decisions!
Yes!
I wish I could retweet this twice!!
Chuck your unqualified to be in politics yet time and again we have to listen to your non sensical rants which are totally annoying
Again. Yes.
No more unqualified than most of his cabinet picks whom you voted to confirm.
Ummmmm. Like , he's highly unqualified! Or , bigly unqualified!
1 in 7 New York City Elementary Students Will Be Homeless, Report Says https://nyti.ms/2vBjS3H   DO SOMETHING SCHUMER !!! WE ELECTED YOU !!
You are unqualified to be a Senator.  Unfortunately we can't pull you out and sure wish your Dad did with your mom.
So are you.  What are previous qualifications to hold public office?
He's a homophobe and a racist, Chuck. Say that part out loud.
RT if you agree Chuck Schumer and his Nazi pal Wilhelm Jr. (aka de Blasio) are nothing more than lying cucks.
sam clovis doesn't qualify for humanhood......check his ID
DUMP CRYING CHUCK.
Relax...There will be another election. Remember Progressives pushed the  pendulum higher than ever before. Swing!
Schumer is wildly unqualified to be a senator please resign do us all a favor
How is it that Clovis is related to Carter Page if at all?
The only unqualified people in this world are The Democrats . The Party of Hate and CORRUPTION!
Trump is wildly unqualified to be President #ImpeachTrumpNow
Is it just me or does Clovis bear an uncanny resemblance to Vernon Dursley?
All Trumpelstilzchen wants is unqualified, ignorant yes men who will blindly do his bidding + never question his utter idiocy + incompetence
Wouldn't it be perfect if he had a brother named Cletus? "Cletus Clovis you got yer ears on?! Let's get them Duke boys!"
Sam Clovis should be in the chain of command right between Boss Hog and Rosco P. Coltrane. 400 pounds bullshit stuffed into a 100 pound bag.
The only thing Sam Clovis is qualified for is ordering 3 or 4 Meat Lovers Complete Bowls at Denny's
What are you qualified for? You are unfit to hold your office.
But, he is qualified to be, King of the for-r-r-r-rest 
Sorry Chuck, Trump's too busy to focus on trivial stuff like choosing qualified department heads. #ImpeachTrump
Did he pull Rick Perry's name or Sessions' or .......?
Win an election.  Then we'll listen to your advice. Putz. #MAGA #Fraud #Crybaby #Unqualified
Trump will double down on the stupid
You should have shut it down for all the criminal cabinet me bets. Shut this down & go after the other ones
ALL of them have been.
Anything you oppose I support
People do realize that USDA oversees safe and efficient growing of your food. Right ? How long do you think you'd last without food
Our fake president is wildly unqualified.
Shocked that Sam Clovis broadcasted these things on the radio.

Awesome! Norway committing to zero deforestation stance - and only supporting companies with sustainability policies 
I also agree that you need to do something about Carl Icahn! He made over $450 MIL off his "unpaid advisor" position in the WH.
Icahn should serve jail time! Unpaid adviser? That's bullshit! He set the rules to make make himself millions.
AND the WH defense of "he never had an official advisory position," is bs bcuz there's a WH statement from 12/2016 that states otherwise.
True! But, who there are so many laws that are being violated and Trump rendered the DOJ inoperable.
There's quite a list by @pbump of things admin has ended so far.
Trump has carried out Bannon's mission to destroy govt institutions. Trump has declared war on our institutions and the rule of law.
@nbeaudrot  Sam Clovis is an insult to the wildly unqualified!

Looks like the ppl have spoken.  Sam stays. Now Schumer shut up and sit down.
And your unqualified to be a person more less a Congress man . so ddo. You.  Joob appoint TRUMPS. Appointees.
Wildly unqualified is kind.
You chose Bernie Sanders to be the Democrats outreach chair. He hates the Democrats. He stopped being a Democrat since July 2016. Dump him.
Is there anyone in the tRump cabinet who is qualified for the job they're doing?
Ah, nope 
Well sure Chuck, but u have seen the other ironic cast members right? Some of whom Ds gave a pass to. #noendinsight
@CNN @MSNBC @maddow report on this!!!
A wildly unqualified president nominating a wildly unqualified nominee.  What could go wrong?
The huff and puff is wrong , so is Chuck Schmuck
Homer Simpson isn't available?
Who in the current administration is qualified for any of their appointments?
Chucky bad for America


#UnfittoLead Yeah, like so many of his appointees!
Wildly unqualified is the standard of the Cabinet unless the goal is to destroy each department, which Pres Bannon gets off on
So far, all his people have proven to wildly unqualified
What a joke! I don't know how u ppl get away with putting unqualified ppl in the administration! Wowie! 
Clovis knows boocoo about methane emissions...Hell, he's the primary source!
You will oppose just to oppose.
You are unqualified to be a Senator, maybe you should resign
duh
Most of Trumpie's nominations r grossly unqualified 2 be in the positions they occupy. Along with Clovis they should all be disqualified.
Lots of trumpi appointments make no sense!!
#TRUMP appoints swamp monsters: Goldman Sachs/Wall St bankers, Bush castoffs, lobbyists, big $ donors, & inept/destructive cronies. #Swampy
It's almost as if some clever adversary is intentionally sabotaging our government.
Shut up and vote on it already. #doyourdamnjob.
Sad but true! Impeachment can't come soon enough! The White House will never be the same!
In the eyes of the rest of the world, I don't think the U. S. will every enjoy the reputation we once had. Trump screwed this country over.
@ImpactWithSam has absolutely no clue how to run anything let alone the USDA! He is a homophobe with prejudices like Drumpf & Miller!
Resign your nothing but an obstructionest. You offer no resolution.. Congress and Senate should receive NO subsides for health Care
Mr Schumer. Just look in the mirror. Unqualified indeed.
We have plenty of proclaimed racists on 45 team already! If @GOP supports this one, we really are doomed!
just DO NOT approve this nominee!!!!
After 8 years of highly unqualified selections by President Obama, and you never said a word. All I have to say is WOW
your unqualified to be in DC.Your hatred towards the president is keeping you from helping the people who voted for you.Lost voter base
Agree
You party in Hampton's w/ WH staff, Koch's & various oligarchs. Nothing you say/do means anything for citizens. You are owned by oligarchs.
https://youtu.be/BeveWIXa7mM 

 https://youtu.be/gyiP4DcaYww 

 https://youtu.be/9r5QuwXNp0A 

https://t.co/gz7luz3acohttps://youtu.be/3MJcRC4vj5g
As always .. you are wrong
U mean widely unqualfyd to play by corrupt politician rules? Com'n you're full of Schumer #MAGA #Antifa #AmericaFirst
TOTALLY UNQUALIFIED. HE'D BE GOOD AS THE "BEFORE" AT WEIGHT WATCHERS
He's damn sure qualified to run a breakfast buffet. He ain't ever missed a breakfast. See his chin/neck for details
Absolutely get that guy out of there. He has no right in that job. Major unqualified. He only qualifies for EATING food. JUST SAY NO!!
Anyone that you do not like must be good for our country,you herk
Trump should resign, he's unfit to lead morally or intellectually. Anyone he nominates IS EXPECTED to be a misfit just like him #IMPEACH45
This is the same Chuck Schirmer who said Obama should be able to appoint anyone he wanted to!  Flip flop 2 face
1.) didn't u watch "a few good men" never VEHEMENTLY object! 2.) why because he speaks truth on climate change?!?
Wildly, insanely, disastrously unqualied.
If Sam Clovis is willing to back up his stupid claim by choosing to be Gay for his entire term as chief scientist, then okay.
Oh god , yes. The fact that he was even nominated over qualified people is infuriating. Please block him.
I trust your judgement chuck schumer
#SamClovis barely qualified as living organism. Sentient being would be evolutionary quantum leap. Puts him on par w/  rest of cabinet.
Why Chuckles you clown...why?
Unqualified? That means he fits right in alongside Trump and his other cronies.
You are wildly unqualified for anything I can think of offhand
And YOU ARE WILDLY UNQUALIFIED TO BE A SENATOR YET HERE YOU ARE.
KKK gave DNC 20k ( VIDEO) White ppl in the DNC have always been apart of the KKK
http://www.jookos.com/2016/08/26/kkk-grand-dragon-endorses-hillary-clinton-says-democrats-party-kkk-anonymously-donated-20000-campaign/ …
THANK YOU CHUCK! Keep calling out the insanity of the 45 admins unqualified picks. Perry Pruitt Devos.Carson Kushner et al etc #25/45
Schmuck, you are wildly unqualified to be an US Senator! #LIAR #PoliticsoverCountry #IdeologicalHack
An unqualified bureaucrat? Imagine that...
he is so wildly backwards one wonders what cave they found him inhabiting.
He's wildly unqualified to be a human being
Positive unified action. Thank you Sen. Schumer.

Just for kicks we have a pres. with an oppositional disorder. He picks the worst of the worst.
I like him because YOU don't!
WILDLY!!
Sam Clovis is actually anti-qualified to head the USDA's science programs.
RT if you think Chuck Schumer has been in Washington DC way too long.
Hey, Chuck, tweets are nice, but we're all really hoping you're spending more time getting to 51 on this one.
Dems don't get to lecture about unqualified staffers when their whole cabinet was made up from Obama buddies and bribers.
Amazing..for a #Party that is so Loving + Compassionate..you Failed to Reach across the Aisle to Your OWN @POTUS..How sad + UnDemocratic  :)
Mr. Schumer..You + @NancyPelosi have NOT done or said ANYTHING POSITIVE about our @POTUS..U Have Thrown Stones at every Possible Window!
Schumer is unqualified
Neanderthal, more likely.
From what I have read he is wildly unqualified to be human.
A wildly unqualified POTUS appointed him so we should not be surprised by his severe lack of qualifications!
While we're at it get rid of kobach.Im sure what he's done or doing is illegal
Can throw dart at poster w/ all cabinet heads and make same valid claim. Least this dude looks like he eats everything that's inspected
All of his nominees are unqualified.
RT? Seriously?! Tweeting is not governing. We need you guys to be the grown ups here
He hasn't put in on single qualified between him and the GOP...this guy sucks bigly
Create chaos 
Make us hate one another
Divide us 
Depress our hopes
Pervert the language
Confuse the young
Lie to a TV camera
Schumer, pretends to care about qualifications. He voted against the Iran deal despite highly qualified @EnergySecMoniz designing it.
This is nothing new from you left wing Democrats. As a pure obstructionist, your name should be pulled from the Senate.
#ObamaLikesClovis!
Schumer go cry somewhere it's a sign of dementia!
Every fucking body @realDonaldTrump #trumpo picks... is a waste. I could do better. Seriously.
They've been feeding us sodium nitrate for years which causes cancer and all it does is make the meat look better. No changes with Clovis.
Here's Clovis with a side of bacon
Can Dems not block his nominees? Don't the minority party still have that authority?

What did Trump owe this guy- who knows nothing about the job he's appointed for?  Hmm...because you know @POTUS knows he'll do his bidding!
