You have to pass it to see what's in it! Sound familiar Chucky?
I've got O.C. , it sucks, get something done!!!!!
U must  e suffering from CRS these days Your party is the one who rammed ObummerCare thru n said, Pass it then u can read it...
Their "mandate" was to IMPROVE healthcare not decimate ACA because it was passed under Obama/Dems. What part of that don't they understand?!
Shut it down!
@SenatorCollins #justsayno for your Maine constituents! @SenAngusKing THANKYOU!  #ShowMeTheBill
Please stop with your obstruction and views this is very embarrassing. X Democrat
No...... PRO TRUMP
Who's gives a crap about business as usual. The business will be dying Americans, many of whom will be kids, if this POS bill goes thru.
When a foreign country attacks our elections & government institutions,that's war. Business as usual should have stopped on 1/20/17@12:02PM.

Keep up the fight for NYers like me
You and @SenGillibrand make us proud
We say NO on #Trumpcare
We say NO tax cuts for the @GOP 's buddies


Senator, the last thing this country needs is business as usual. FIGHT THEM.
Gee, but isn't turnabout fair play you putz?
Can't we sue for obstruction of duty/constitutionality of their role in office???? SOMETHING??? #GOP #EVIL
Problem locking every single Republican out of the chamber's literally not even rhetorically when you guys were in power and now ...
And now all the sudden you have righteous indignation because the Republicans are trying to get the bill under the radar you're lying
And you know it the Democrats aren't in the chamber because they refused to cooperate and reach across the aisle like the Republicans always
You mean like the Dems did with Obamacare? Not a single GOP vote.
thank you for all that you are doing!  MY life will be one of the lives affected and possibly ruined by this.
Yes! Go Chuck! Death by amendments!
Thanks for your vigilance! #theresistance
Fascist govts make policy in secret, refuse to hold hearings, and deny others the right to participate.  #NoAHCA
You forget what you Dems did in 2010 when you Rammed in Oboma Care!!!!
Months of meetings & debates before passing in Senate? Yeah, okay.
They really don't. Sorry if you believe that. They won't have any for 20+ years and that's coming from Camille Paglia and other dem strat.
You don't have a chance no matter what you do. Pay attention to Camille Paglia. 20+ years before you get any say. Obama lost you 1040 seats.
Judicial Watch: Susan Rice ‘Unmasking’ Documents Moved from NSC to Obama Library http://www.infowars.com/judicial-watch-susan-rice-unmasking-documents-moved-from-nsc-to-obama-library/ … via @realalexjones
This is a BIG problem. Bet you dollars to donuts they are being shredded as we speak.
When are the Republicans going to get on the offensive? They should have predicted this might happen. Thwarted again again again & again
Yes. Thanks for listening to your constituents.
Don't give an inch. The GOP is not going to 'collaborate'. They don't believe in it. They only know sack & plunder.
WHAT ???? THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT THE DEMS DID~!!!!!!
I guess we have to pass it to see what's in it
You playing new rules Chuck. Seems to me we couldn't even read the OCare Bill you guys put through. And look at the trash that was.
ACA had months of debates & meetings before passage in Senate. Plenty time for review and discussion.
#resist these alt rt bastards as much as you can. Lack of transparency should never be tolerated. American people deserve more.
Did you guys like forget how you railroaded Obamacare?  At least come up with better rhetoric.
Seriously @SenSchumer, we haven't had business as usual since *at least* the time when they refused to give judge Garland a SCOTUS hearing.
2. Trump is outraged at NK for Killing Otto, as ALL should be. Yet he's fine w killing hundreds of thousands by stripping them of HlthCare
Notice Trump has said NOTHING about the other 3 American's held by NK (also note that those 3 are not white, coincidence?)
DON'T PLAY NICE!!!
You know that McConnell and Ryan never play by the rules.
PULL OUT ALL STOPS!
And Nancy and Schumer do. Lol keep drinking the Kool Aid
Salute your president Putin.
Old tired unsubstantiated bullshit. Even Dems are saying there is no evidence of collusion. Way to beat a dead horse. Hillary and Uranium ))
I reject your reality...too!
Cool denial based without facts. Good luck. I'm looking forward to 8 years of tantrums, even as I'm not 100% behind POTUS. Love the effect.
When the arrest start,those who commit this terrible violation of our democratic process will end up fired.We will vote them out.
...After we've voted out all of these opportunistic traitors...We will Correct their criminal actions by going the other way...
Single payer...Taxing the Millionaires...Robust SS...Medicare for all. Heck perhaps even Universal Basic Income.
Tell your fellow #Comrades (read repugnicans) if Americans dont have #HealthCare what reason do we have for working & pledging "Allegiance"?
But @TheDemocrats & @HouseGOP never cared before abt public input when US uranium got sold to Russia
they announced there would be plenty of time for amendments;  wait to see the plan, then propose amendments
Yes!!! Thank you so much!
U just want to debate health not tweak or pass it delay lie until U can ram single party payer up r A$$ES meantime no justice no healthcare
You mean like the Dems did with Obama care? You are such a hypocrite.  Don't think we will just forget how u all were under Obama.
Sounds like what the #dems did with #Obamacare .
You watch too much FOX. See if Deplorable Devos will give you a 'waiver'. and get at least a crappy-education.
You read too much Huffington and watch CNN. You see its not a great argument, unless you're sourcing youself.
fox is fact free.  there is a difference
That's where you lose credibility. Nothing or no one is fact free. You've never watched so how do you know. I watch all at one point
Everbody knows FOX is for losers, thats why you're so ashamed.
No real comeback just character assassination. All one can expect from the loonie left. Have fun in your bubble.#chickenlittle
Hey chuck you and obama did the same thing or did you already forget
Shut down the Senate!
You mean just like Obamacare, you dishonest corrupt lifetime politician?
Your party already did that. Get off the partisan train
Both sides responsible
@SenSchumer we don't accept a health care bill done secretly & pd for by our taxpayer dollars.This is not classified-we have the rt to know!
Thank you Sen. Schumer and all @SenateDems! We are with you 100%. #GeeksResist
Stop being a butt walk across the aisle and offer to work with them. Stop the Divisiveness. Your like a 2 year old
You mean like how Obama Care was rammed down our throats ??? Health Care doesn't fit in my budget, therefore I have none. Not affordable.
Did you and Pelosi's told them last time that "we have to pass it before we can read it?"
Chimes the un-educated.
Where were you when the Dems were ramming through a secret healthcare bill without any public input? Hell not even their own partys input.
That is a bald faced lie, Mark.
A lie? Secret meetings behind closed doors. Insisting on a vote before reading it. NO You couldn't keep your doctor if you wanted to.LIES.
Keep thinking along those crooked party lines
I hope so. I hope there are things you can do to stop it
gotta turn up the heat, by all peaceful means, and co-create a progressive culture. #Resistance
Have you looked at the election map? Progressive culture was repudiated over 85% of the country. Only acceptable in those little blue areas.
I have people around me daily deciding they just want to get high all day. No more!
I've heard that 20M of the people who lose H.C. by 2026 are young people who are forced to insure themselves, so we're talking about 5.5M?
@NancyPelosi @SenateMajLdr I don't understand why both parties don't work together. There will be differences, this is where we compromise.
Remember when @NancyPelosi said Obamacare had to pass to know what was in it? Hypocrisy thy name is Democrats. #hypocrisy
Gee, sounds like the ACA which you had to pass so we could see what was in it. BOTH then and now, it's wrong. But then, you must forget.
You are not to bright are you brad? This is nothing like ACA-deliberations.
That quote was taken out of context to fit the GOP narrative. Funny how you cant remember 16mo of hearings or 100+ amendments added by Rs

These numbers seem to fluctuate.  I don't remember any debate nor discussion on the ACA.  IIRC, it was passed in secret.
The hearings were all televised on CSPAN
Please. We remember OCARE!  Hypocrites Much!  Noise instead of substance.
No one expects YOU & Democrats to VOTE for AMERICA! 
Don't we as the citizens they are suppose to be representing get a vote in this at  all! We all should have a right to see this bill.
You have to pass the bill to know what's in the bill™ Nancy Pelosi 
You need to have the bill in your hands to read and understand before you vote on it.
Same thing you did with Obamacare #CryinChuck Early onset Alzheimer's??? Quit acting like a little baby and move on!! #MAGA
Give them HELL Chuck!!
1. What if the 23 million plus people that will loose their health insurance simply refused to pay their taxes?  This is such BS.
Pull all stops, and make this right. Have you no influence in the gvmnt.
How stupid are you the Dems did the same thing only in the middle of the night behind closed doors you thought that was a great victory 
Give me the biz!
Keep obstructing, you'll keep losing. party aside, complainers without a solution are just complainers. Be part of the solution
GO DEMS !!
Shoe is on the foot now isn't it Chuck! This is what you did to Americans with Obamacare! Does not feel good does it!
You Dems have no resolution because you all choose not to offer one!  I think O Care should fail! Then it is the Dems fault!
Instead of finger pointing, why not follow process and hold open debates and draft hearings for the bill?
Agree 100%, goes for the intransigence of Establishment Democrats as well. Public has been clear on demands, why you keep losing on purpose?
Obamacare was kept secret by YOU, REID, PELOSI,   ETC.
That was the Democrats business as usual with Obama care
WTH does that mean? Your business as usual is being an obstructionist
Exactly Mr. Schumer...Dems need to go Low,  not high.  Playing fair & nice got us DjT.
But the resistance can expect fillibuster by Amendment. Right?
You must sign it to know what's in it Chuck. Remember that when your criminal clan rammed Obama care down Americas throat. Hows that workin
It will be way better than obamacare doubling and tripling prices everywhere
Give em hell, Chuck!
Funny you Rammed Obamacare down America's throat and penalized us if we didn't swallow your poison pill.
Still worthless as usual ! People need to vote your butt out.
They are doing what Dems did to get ACA They wanted to take it down not help the millions w/o insurance in this case.
Losing hope in the Democrats, but if you can pull a stall on this one, and if it matters, then you'll regain some respect, maybe.
Stop "going high" Dems. It doesn't work. You need to stop bringing a knife to a gunfight.
Wouldn't it be business as usual to obstruct them? That is what they did to democrats for 8 years under Obama. They didn't apologize for it.
Why not you and Sen Reid did it in 2010?
you should remove the mirrors from the men's senate restrooms as i don't know how ur gop colleagues can look at themselves in them. SHAMEFUL
I have called 5 senators offices asking about my sons care. Not a single one knows what will happen to him! (He is tube fed)
@GOP @HouseDemocrats Oh you mean it's been business as usual ever since Trump got elected? You're a real fool.
They might say mean things about you. Be careful out there.
Look who's talking
Schumer should resign
When Obama Care was past, we didn't have a vote on it! The Dems had their turn now the Reps are going to have a turn! It's Called the way!
When Debate isn't allowed, Democracy dies.
Revolution starts.
Please let's not allow that to happen!
Do we have no legal recourse? Demand an emergency hearing #SCOTUS #ACLU  ~ MA
You have access to the draft bill, final bill all the bills way b4 we do. Do your job, stop it or pass it. But stop complaining about it.
Are you a fool?Do your job u were elected to do. News flash Trump is going nowhere and no secret plan by GOP. Be a MAN and work to with all
You mean like y'all did for Obama care. Hypocrit
Come on Chuck u can't b this stupid. "We have 2 pass the bill so that u can find out what's in it." Nancy Pelosi on Obamacare. Remember?
If u had an ounce of character u would stop the Dem  rhetoric & work w DT to make something great.
Agreed
Stop your winning and lieing
Yes! Thank you!
Keep it up! #HoldTheFloor
YES! This #Wealthcare bill is a con on the American people. We are behind you, Chuck. Fight for us!!!
It hasn't been business as usual since Trump was elected, cause u whiny, crybaby Dems can't get over losing. Tell us something we don't know
Thank you for fighting for us Mr Schumer!
.. ..and now you  care about transparency and process!......
Didn't y'all do the same thing? How soon we forget.
Hell to the yes!

What happened to that "detente" they crowed about after the horrible shooting?
It's almost like they're full of shit.
Keep it up, ya just keep LOSING! 2018 you'll all need new JOBS!
you mean like the Democrats did when the Obama care came it to play..
You vowed to oppose anything/ resist/obstruct. Why would they invite you in to deliberately destroy it. Shame on Schumer. Hypocrite!
The dim wit dims don't work anyway, except to obstruct! Why weren't the Reps able to read or vote on ACA? Hypocrite!
Oh Chucky. Business as usual?  That's rich. #Obstructionists #Obstruction #butthurt #soros you don't give a shit about the people.
Business as usual?? What is the matter with you? How could you tweet this crap when they're FOLLOWING YOUR LEAD!! YOU DID THE SAME THING! 
Just like the democrats did. So what is your problem
they're just copying what u & Reid did in 2010. "YOU HAVE TO PASS IT TO SEE WHAT'S IN IT!" Problems with ur memory? Alzheimer's or ignorance
That is the standard operating procedure of healthcare bills, I guess.If you don't like it, win in the next election,like they did in 2010
I called @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr today and said the same thing. What's the rush? It's only American lives on the line
Do NOT permit McConnell to be the only gun at the knife-fight.
Pull all stops. Lives are at stake. +my Sens: @SenFeinstein @KamalaHarris
Why ... you guys did it.. repeatedly
Nothing is a secret andbu are a non leader anyway
go Chuck! @SenSchumer
Oh we see how it is. It's ONLY ok for Obama & Dems to push thru Obama care without public input. "Pass the bill so we can read it. #CORRUPT
They NEVER do Business as Usual...When can we play their way????? #NoAHCA
How would Sensedog know? He's Russian. Who else would pervert English in a name like that?
How can they get away with this? I'm just curious.
YOU rammed through Obamacare without reading the bill first. Pelosi !!!
How is this allowable? Does the GOP not represent any constituency besides corporations and the wealthy?
Dems need to hold their own Daily Live Press Briefings to talk about TrumpMurder Bill. 1/6 of economy affected. This is going to kill ppl.
President Trump has been office for 6 months and you have not worked with him yet, SO what is different nowDIVIDER 
But business as usual is obstructionism, so are you going to make it easier?
You hypocrite! How was the ACA formulated and passed? 1 Billion % SECRET. And NOW you're indignant?!? Screw you.
Hope you do something to stop these assho*les
Chuck talk to Nancy Pelosi on how the DEMs handled passing Obama care! How's it feel?
30 million dollars wasted in Ga. Wake up! People have spoken again. Quit obstructing.
Amazing how he spoke/treated you on the senate floor. That was a louche move. Wish you had said something more than "I rest my case" Grrrrr!
Obamacare has done more damage to our household budget than anything in last 30 years, crappy insurance that cost 500% more than 2011!
And you really feel in your heart of hearts that TRUMPCARE will be better.
@LORDJAMES66 @gbirk7 @SenSchumer
WILL they be able to "ram" it through? Is it possible? How many legislators are hooked into this $? How low will they sink? @KamalaHarris
what about all the crap u pushed threw when you all were in charge
Thanks.   For fighting for what is right. Nice to see someone in DC still cares
They way the dems obstruct this administration it's not business as usual anyway. Mute point Chuck
Here's a secret, Chuck. We know that's exactly what they should expect because it's all our Dems have ever served them! Sorry, it's true.
Block it!!
Stop the resistance you & your party create 
Same thing dems did with Ocare ya gotta sign before you know whats in it  ya dont like it when the shoes on the other foot do ya chuck
Nothing is usual about this whole shit show... Revolution is on the horizon.
Said the phony A-hole How would you characterize jamming ACA down citizens throat and not even have decency to read the fkn thing. Phony POS
Should have spread really "fake news" about what's in this bill so GOP would've had to disclose what's actually there to disprove rumours 
Remember pass it then you can see what's in the bill .you can keep your doctor .you'll save money .funny that's all the things obama and dem
That is what you elected to the govt are supposed to do. If not you all can be replaced and the Dems are sitting ducks right now
Chuck--video of Syrian kids suffering swayed tdumpf. Videotape/televise AUTHENTIC testimonials of suffering who will be hurt by losing Ocare
if populace sees AUTHENTIC stories of how people are and would suffer, they could be swayed and their congresspeople along with them
This is pathetic , but it will probably work for the Rs
But the GOP has such glowing commercials extolling the wonders of this brilliant "health care" bill.  We need #SinglePayerSystem.#VoteGOPOut
Just another excuse to keep obstructing everything.  They could drop it on your doorstep and you will think of another reason.
GOP Senators that vote YES to take away healthcare from millions...are GROSSLY UNDER ESTIMATING the response they will get PERSONALLY
I am not asking for violence, but I am calling for outrage. There is consequences for voting in secret and taking away entitlements.
They should expect citizens taking to the streets
Ramming a secret health care bill throubgh IS business as usual. Precedent established 7 years ago.
I appreciate your commitment but what can you do?
Please stop calling it a health care bill, it is clearly a tax cut for the only group that recovered from recession to increase inequality!
ORGANIZE A LEGALLY PERSUASIVE REVOLT...I will be there!!!
You mean like Obamacare? Do any of you politicians actually remember anything any of you have said or done?
While you are whinning.. Can you work on Susan Rice unmasking documents?? We the people want to see them!!
Oh the hypocrisy...chucky!! Just can't stand not being in power ??? Such poor losers !
Chuck, you are the biggest joke in politics
Thank you Mr.Schumer !
Wee the people' want down Obama care but you DEMOCRATS ALWAYS putting stone in evrything Congress do something to fix the fail of healthcare
Like the last Republican Administration, Trump and Friends intend to bring the pain while promising the gain.
Keep up the pressure @SenSchumer Any & all available Senate rules should be employed to stop the AHCA travesty. Thank you for 4 ur efforts!
ACA was passed without anyone reading it and spent trillions stop it
Fight for us like you have never fought before!
Senator - When r DEMS going to learn to play hardball politics? Dems r too nice. In current environment, being nice is a losing cause..!
There is no business going on ! You have obstructed everything ! What's new ???
Go Chuck!! We support you. McConnell is the REAL OBSTRUCTIONIST.
A bill written in secret is inherently flawed. #NoHearingNoVote #ShowUsTheBill #HoldTheFloor Conduct due diligence, Senators. @SenateGOP
Maybe they don't want the cruelty of their bill revealed untill after the GA special election
Fight,fight,fight for us!! Please, for the love of all that is good in this world, fight the GOP. Those of us that don't die thank you.
Then play the game instead of sitting on the side lines obstructing and sending out stupid comedic videos - go to work!!!!!
They also shouldn't expect to be re-elected
