more trump collateral damage  he is destroying the country     while we investigate and fiddle
Do you have the votes to protect #NetNeutrality with LEGISLATION? If not, we must get them #Election2018
We must VOTE OUT the representatives of the DARK AGENDA of #Kleptocracy #Election2018
Hey Chuck Sheldon is getting out of jail. Now you 2 can embezzle more $ from New Yorkers!  That's why your smiling?
The internet IS Communications Infrastructure and I expect all of my reps, @SenSchumer to demand Title II protection
Maybe you could try reasoning with the other side and brokering a deal instead of just obstructing everything.
Hmm let's see Republicans want to give control of internet to big monopolies to the detriment of all other businesses & people.
May want to look at that again. Big monopolies have control now bc of obama and dems.
I see your history degree & diploma isn't coming in handy for you. Keep it handy in case you run out of TP that's all it's good for
Actually I have 2 associates degrees.and a master. Thanx for playing imbecile
It's obvious you have a master. I'd be concerned to ask you exactly what in.
Oh chucky, anything but help the ACTUAL PEOPLE that live in your district
Agreed! The gutting of net neutrality would surely damage America's democracy, economy, etc. This gutting requires stood up against. 
Screw net neutrality if we had no problem before why make it a problem now. But once a rat nest forms they mess things up.
We have net neutrality now... We don't want our rights and access diminished.
BS you are a liar a hypocrite.  It is about censorship for democraps.
Henry Ford did not invent autos to have them stop at lights and signs. They were invented to go as fast as the wanted, without laws.
Bannon's idea to privatize the army will make his buddy millions, sure there is $$ for him and let me guess, will pay no US taxes.
If the internet is essential to democracy, why did Obama ceased control of the internet to the Chinese controlled UN ITU?
Whatever this guy if for, I'm against!
Your guy Obama is the one who sold the internet down the road thank him

Pure liberal Hooey. C'mon, Schumer. Past 8 years of Obama era regulations have been nothing but a nightmare. You Anti-American dems SUCK.

So is getting traitors out of the WH.

As Long As Trump stays off
https://www.pscp.tv/w/bDVZKDFyYWpaRFhlclJSUXp8MUJSSmpXZ2dNTmV4d4MGiinzI_pQZK_EZ-S8V2Ld9AZ21v8_Mf5Wo8idtEKq …
Forced neutrality is not a FREE internet
Can we get some media neutrality?

Chuckles- whom exactly do you think you represent- you are minority speaker - not @POTUS
But how do we stop them? They have antisocial motivations and all branches of government now.
Of course it is!!!
NO. NO. NO. NO TO ANY GOV CONTROL!
LOVE YOU CHAS!
So ya'll can get hacked again?
How is the drugs.

We are a Constitutional Republic.
If you support net neutrality then I don't

Thank you @senschumer for fighting for #NetNeutrality #Battleforthenet #NetNeutralityDay
I'm sorry senator u must have not read the net act like u didn't read the aca. What we have now is restrictive. What pai is doing is freedom
Yes it is!!!
So Chuck can we assume you're upset because ISP's not giving you money.
Lies, you want to obstruct free internet, with takeover
#SaveTheInternet @FCC #NetNeutrality #NetNeutralityDay #NetNeutralityDayOfAction @iamjohnoliver @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
Whether through ISPs or directly to content providers, consumers will pay for bandwidth needs.
We have a free and open internet without your interference. Please retire and take that golden parachute pension that we the people pay for.
if he does will you start crying? 
Something we agree on. Keep the internet free. No filtering. No ISP controls.
You mean for propaganda use?
Ummm  you realize that the internet is NOT an inalienable right? Or did you miss that part of civics class?
Bad is good and Good is bad. If the government is involved, Schmuck, it is not free & open. NO #NetNeutrality
You didn't fight for anything Obama pulled a fast one by having internet re categorized under FCC. The Internet was highjacked by #Obama
#NetNeutrality gave #USA #Dump #Trump. Favor #firing #fraud @AGSchneiderman for refusal to #defend #Veterans. #JustDoIt #NewYork #America
bravo.
I Provide Service Business, marketing, advertising, events and More Flyer, brochure, and poster Design Under 24 hour
How about jumping on #TrumpTrain & Make New York Great Again with some business driving legislation.
How about you get going on healthcare & tax reform?
Yeah, free and open to behave like you want...
nothing is free - what is the budget or cost to working taxpayers for "free" internet?
Without #NetNeutrality, you're looking at a loss to the economy because e-commerce will take a hit. This tweet can exist thx 2 n.n.
Why don't you work on healthcare instead chucky
@SenGillibrand please fight with @SenSchumer for a free and open internet! (from zip 14611)
I'm just gonna leave this here:
We support #NetNeutrality! So we will ship cheese to Comcast for only $1 and use our powers for good. https://cheesyrevenge.com/comcastsucks  
@FCC the fact that nearly every insane "tolerant" democrat supports this should tell you all you need to know...
Govt control restricts advances like AT&T
Chuckie & Dems Intentionally Used FAKE Russian Disinformation to Attack Trump 
Schumer is UN-AMERICAN

If fed gov gets involved with internet. We will be playing mother may I with that too. Big gov control of anything is bad for the free.
This is the first time I'll agree with you Mr. Schumer, this is an important issue.
Does this involve the nasty ones?
What BS. #NetNeutrality was astroturfed in the first place by @georgesoros grantees: http://safelibraries.blogspot.com/2010/12/ala-pushes-net-neutrality-on-wikipedia.html …
Blogspot? Really?
Here's an idea. Just get rid of the fcc. There, problem solved.
Here's what can happen if we lose #NetNeutrality
Mr Schumer, we rarely agree politically, but we agree here.
So Schumer clearly doesn't understand the internet? Is there anything you have depth of knowledge on? Apparently not!
Today is the Day of Action! We need the internet to remain Title II. Thank you Senator!
Essential??? How did we have a democracy prior to the internet?!?!?!
@ChuckGrassley Opening remarks were so partisan & politicized,  regardless of what Wray says during testimony Grassley tainted him partisan!

your like having diarrhea
HERE YOU GO CHUCK! LISTEN TO THE LINK! THIS IS WHO U R AFFECTING W THE DRAMA! LISTEN & SHARE!

Keep obstructing but what r u people running on?? Obama healthcare failed!!!!!!!
We should be allowed to join the federal employee health plan .. that should be an option
Unfortunately news agency have been predisposed with their own agenda and coverage of people matters have been left at the last stop.
Age old tactic of government, fake an national emergency while sneaking thre the screw of the paupers.  Being lifes pawn is a daunting task.
Thank you for your work on this.
Chuck, why not have the US Government pay for poor people to get the internet for free, just like Obama Phones.
We have libraries for that.
Why do want to pay to play again once you've already paid for your internet service?
I'm already calling my MOCs daily about health care. So, do I make 2 calls, mention 2 things in 1 call, or limit myself to one issue a day?
You're not making sense.
Chuckie stop whining. you're worse than a baby
Fortunately, he's doing his job. How much more would you like to pay to snark? Maybe we could arrange something just 4 u.
Wrong!  The people voted in Trump for lots of reasons.  This is one.  Get with the program, Chuck!
Yes we can
Unfortunately Chuck you have become such a naysayer obstructionist that people never know when to believe you anymore!
So you want to pay more to register your 2cents worth?
Remember when a US president gave away control of Internet to weaken USA?
What is the data on effects on small ecommerce biz? How many small ecomm biz r there (I am one but have no idea how many of us exist)
I'm one. I'm worried how this will affect me. I see it as a detriment to our economy. There are a lot of small biz out there
Where are the small biz associations against this, I've yet to find one who is currently speaking out?
Hey Chuck,  why haven't you spoken out about Donald Jr and his obvious collusion with Russia.  What is going to be done?
Not if it threatens the security of our nation 
You are the Senator so do something !
Getting the word out to the public is him doing something.  He's one of a hundred individuals
He's a fool who only cares about talking points and being in front of a camera.
No, that's 45
THE END of Net Neutrality?Save the Internet.Send comments to the FCC  #notmypresident  #TheResistance  #WeThePeople
We can.
I like when you talk dirty b/c #NetNeutrality mean unregulated #Bitcoin $btc and you got your homey @BenLawsky to fuck it up. @A78gnstNYDFS


STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION 
We the people R watching & see you're dragging this country down. If you can't help USA up then get out of the way!
No rollbacks on net neutrality!
Than why chuckles do you block democracy 

Vote this stupid home
Are you going to cry?
Do you know what net neutrality is? You'll be the one crying if Trump and his minions end free & open access to the internet! You're a fool!
Means nothing to me when a stranger put some letters together and calls me a fool. I tweeted #cryingschummer to make a point. You missed it
Don't buy the new @FCC deregulation narrative from @AjitPaiFCC & ISPs.
The internet is OPEN & EQUAL
#NetNeutrality
Foreign ownership forbidden ©™®
U didn't even check degree verification at minimum standards won't match Birthcertfact of parents. Trafficking children in adult frauds©®™
Nasty junkies practices. Fucking in public services domain. Arrest all top down charges is rape! Not authorized. Solicitation services ©
In the internet trying to help u! U just bomb the wrong places & people! penis problems highrise of LGBt issues! Destroy many people!Rights©
Rich pedi files. All that bitcoin & counterfeiting. U got hiring block ! Emergency alerts. Schools  Fire  missing biometrics out piss out!
All those teachers never complied or completed their degree verification. Date won't match Birthcertfact.Traffick as kids! Not for hire©™®
Match or frauds! Contracts are from government. Certificate required tax & payments b all correct & legal ©™® Chain of nasty @NOAA people
And we will fight for it. Many of OUR RIGHTS R at risk with this @POTUS & @HouseGOP . We all must stand up for OUR RIGHTS. #RESIST.
No rights at risk. U like Iran deal, letting terrorusts,go fr a deserter one just marched in Nyc, Really? That's what u stand for
Glad to see the American bund party excepting minorities though, go @FCC <sarcasm>
The internet isn't free. ISPs charge dearly for it deadhead.
you didnt fight for shit. you got a check and read what they told you to read.
Coming from the man who defended Weiner…Now that shows a mans character.
Schumer and Weiner, They still have a thing.
