Awesome. Now fix the subway in NYC.
Didn't he just give a billion dollars to fix the subway? Pretty sure he did.
Not enough and money alone won’t solve the crumbling infraestructure and bloated org that is the MTA
MTA is the govt. Gov't is incapable of running anything well
But pls let's give them our lives (aka hc)
I’ve lived in Europe most of my life. Americans should be ashamed of their healthcare. And now they are trying to make it even worse.
Get yourself a passport and travel. Maybe half a brain as well to go with it.
and those in states that DO comply have grounds to file a class-action lawsuit for sharing data without permission.
As I understand it, they're seeking only public information to begin with. You don't have an enforceable right to keep public data private.
The last 4 of your SSN is not public data
That depends on state law, and the WH panel's letter asks for that info only "if publicly available under the laws of your state."
Look, I don't like what they're doing either. But what they're asking for, you could lawfully obtain just as easily.
Yes. It will take a lot more time and resources though. Non-compliance only slows them down, but if that's what we have to work with..
Let's keep our eye on the ball. The major issue here is a blatant attempt by the administration to suppress opposition votes.
How so?
By refusing to an open, fair, and transparent investigation at the request of @POTUS, Cuomo and other Democrats look GUILTY of voter fraud!
You do realize red states like Utah and Kentucky are not complying as well. Has nothing to do with Dem or Repub
Voter info is shared with US courts for the purpose of jury duty summons.All states need to cooperate with Feds to protect voting integrity
They don't need to know my voting history for a jury duty summons.
Don't think they're asking for voting history. They want to make sure dead people are not voting. Eliminating SS# upon death is good.
They are asking for voting history going back to 2006. Again, that is not the job of the Fed gov't.
Lawmakers need to work on a bipartisan agreement to develop a national voter ID and enforce it. Something should be done regardless.
Why would they need our voting history for that to happen, is what we're asking you.
Thank you! 
Thank you, sir, for not complying. I have newly found respect for you. #respect
@unhackthevote Mike Farb  this is your explanation, PLEASE clear it up for the gov.
No no no no no thank you they will do bad things w the info keep it within the states
THANK YOU!
A wise move Governor. Fake claims by a fake President.  Should be impeached...too many Russian No-No(s). USSR is a rival, an enemy. Yes/No?
Hillary will lose the popular vote whether you continue to perpetuate the lie or not. Hide all you want, Governor. Truth will prevail.
Your time of bussing people around the country is over.
We already have the proof. We've seen it with our own eyes, thanks to journalists at @Project_Veritas 

You can't hide that proof.
Every person being investigated, detained, and sentenced for voter & registration fraud are Democrats. Real crimes and real consequences.
The times of letting you people run amok are over. When this is all over the people will demand accountability for the fraud you've hidden.
What happens when you're out of office? The MSM is crumbling before our very eyes, and true journalism is coming back into style. :)
What are you hiding Cuomo  most of your votes are from dead people
Thank you!  So glad for this response.
@NYGovCuomo  you are "afraid" to comply because the info will prove voter fraud in your state. If you have nothing to hide than cooperate!
don't you want to help prove the big bad meanie wrong about it though? why not prove him wrong unless you've got something to hide? #MAGA
Thank you
Thank you!  This is the right thing to do.
THANK YOU! Voter fraud fake issue, Trump administration  cannot be trusted
I give @NYGovCuomo a lot of shit, but this time he’s doing the right thing.
NY refuses to perpetuate the myth voter fraud played a role in our election. We will not comply with this request.

http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/06/29/534901343/white-house-panel-asks-states-for-their-voter-rolls …
is he looking into the 20k voters knocked off the voting rolls in brooklyn last year?
That would be nice too, but this is about keeping NY’s voter rolls out of Trump’s bullshit voter fraud commission’s hands.
Everyone  knows their was voter fraud you hiding it shows you support it!! Criminal
You realize that's tantamount to an admission of guilt?
You are basically saying you KNOW there was Democrat voter fraud in NYC, and you want it to continue
No non-corrupt governor would block the investigation of a federal crime
You are covering up a federal crime
Funny how it's always Democrats who support voter fraud, and resist any attempts to stop it.
Seems like you have something to hide?
#VotersSuppression is however, a proud, firm reality in most antebellum or currently GOP controlled States...
@GovernorTomWolf , would you please come out with your position on this?
damn straight. Give our info up to the #45charlatan then lawyer up baby
What about all the dead people that the dems used their votes? 4 million I heard, which means Clinton even lost the popular vote too 
That's because you don't want the public finding the truth and how bad voter fraud is
THANK YOU
Oh? 

http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/feb/15/nearly-2-million-non-citizen-hispanics-illegally-r/ …
Voter fraud a myth?  LOL.  You can't pick and choose Andy.
Oh?
12 workers of Democrat-linked group in Indiana accused of submitting fraudulent voter registration applications. http://apne.ws/2sLxmqa 

Whatcha hidin? Hmmmmm?
What's the real reason?
Will you please call and speak with Floridas @FLGovScott about not turning over voter information to this questionable commission?
And yet you support the myth that Russia changed the election, doesn't matter either way it needs to be stopped, w/ I'd for citizens
Thank you, Gov. Cuomo!
Great. Now we should prevent election fraud.
Thank you for taking this stand. Our democracy has been injured enough recently, we don't need this.#resist @refusefascism @bkindivisible
Here here. It would be horrible if some how the irregularities of April 2016 were somehow explained. Keep everything to do with 2016 hidden.
Are you afraid of what they will find?
Thank you @NYGovCuomo  #ResistVoterSuppression
Thank you!
Thank you Governor for protecting the rights of NYers. Knew we could count on you! This #VoterFraud claim is #VoterSuppression
What rights is he protecting??? Asking to see if votes were legitimate
Whatever, socialist
Here's the form where they give it to whoever asks, @realDonaldTrump  https://www.elections.ny.gov/FoilRequests.html …
And here's the 6 page list of data they give to the public. http://www.elections.ny.gov/nysboe/forms/foil_voter_list_layout.pdf …
Outrage by liberal elected officials this week has reached the laughably stupid phase.
Be sure to always stand up for oligarchs, reputed billionaires, kleptocrats, Russian mobsters, CEOs and other 1%ers. They're swell.
GUILTY OF VOTER FRAUD CONSPIRACY BY "REFUSING" TO COOPERATE WITH INVESTIGATORS.
you are guilty and trying to hide the fact that your state allowed illegals to vote! Who do you think you are kidding?
Not up to you, @NYGovCuomo: http://www.politico.com/states/new-york/albany/story/2017/07/27/decision-to-share-voter-data-with-trump-panel-isnt-up-to-cuomo-113633 … Board of Elections complied with FoIA request: http://www.politico.com/states/new-york/albany/story/2017/08/02/new-york-will-comply-with-trump-commissions-request-for-voter-records-113745 … Don't grandstand.
Yes. N. Y would. If it were so
Why not partake
Thanks NY and @NYGovCuomo for not complying w/this attempt by con artist Donald to get his hands on our personal information. #suspicious!
It's funny when the winner claims voter fraud.
He can't believe he won!
Thank you, Governor! Stand strong against this voter suppression effort!
When we're more concerned with voter fraud found sparse in this country vs a foreign adversary *attacking* our election... we still winning?
So you can be elected to office again.
@Dethtron5000 ...looks half a second longer... finds thing... 
I was hoping he would be a little more New York about it. "Yeah, I got your voter roll right here, buddy"
"Myth," he says.
This is so gross. I think he forgets theres A LOT more to NYS than just nyc. When is he gone? He has done NOTHING for this state. HACK
Those tactis were used in party primaries tonsecure positions for general elections, not Presidential elections or comparable processes.
Doesnt matter if its a presidential election or a school board election. The point is, messing w/ANY elections R wrong & should be addressed
I agree, but Trump's focus on illegal immigrants isn't going to address this- it's the officials, not voters pulling those strings.
NY's voter information is public so this is just for show, but the point remains there is not some massive election fraud by citizens.
What about by non citizens?
See, this is the dumb kinda rhetoric Trump's approach favors. Please explain how a non citizen with no SSN votes. Surprise me.
You have more important things to do like renaming the TAPP. 
But pls push for more Russian theories
Thank you!!! 
Yes, it's great for a Republic to ignore fair and accurate elections. /Sarc
"Myth."
Fox News  they always know just what to say!
Thank you Governor Cuomo for protecting voter rights Trump's authoritarian regime's mission is to undermine our democracy by suppression
Wasn't under the Obama regime that the Unmasking took place...so protecting ppl from your current President isn't an issue
What are you even talking about You make no sense at all
Do some research and learn young Snowflake and then come back to me.
Enlighten me!
Thank you. Fuck Trump.
Thank you!!!
3 MILLION were disenfranchised in NYC alone, you mobbed up stool pigeon.
#DemExit
#DNCfraudLawsuit
#DixiecraticNeoliberalCorporatists
What are you hiding ?
Thanks New York!
Yes, well, you probably do feel threatened by the truth seeing the light of day.  Which is all that would happen...
Because, of course, nothing to hide, Right?
You MUST comply. What are u afraid of?
If you have nothing to hide maybe you should just comply?
Meaning, there was Voter Fraud & Hillary still lost.
What are you afraid of?
Thanks and this kobach dude is racist and deplorable individual. Should be investigated for ties to racist groups
I contacted the MD Board of Elections (410-269-2840 ext 0) and @GovernorHogan and told them to can the president's demand for MD voter data.
People only withhold information if someone to hide..very telling!!
Thank you @NYGovCuomo for replying to @KrisKobach1787 in a direct manner.
Well done!
Something to hide?
Dems commit voter fraud. Water is wet. @NYGovCuomo @NPR
If there's no voter fraud why not cooperate? You look awfully guilty.
How does providing proof it didn't happen perpetuate the myth? 
#PartyOverCountry
Thank you, Governor.
LOL. The myth? Only a Democrat can say voter fraud is a myth and man made global warming is proven, discussion over. So much to gain(steal?)
Thank you for standing up for New Yorkers
In other words ur afraid of an audit.
Putin voted twice.
thank you gov!
  Thank you for defending voting rights won by hard work, blood and suffering. 
So you ok with not updating our voter system. You are sad. NY prime state of corruption. As a NY person i want you to comply
I may have missed it, but what exactly do they plan to do with this information?
All this cause DT can'tcome2Terms lost popVote Unbelievable still telling folks who care less, XiJinping, bout "great electoral college Vic"
Is it because of the SS# you are saying no or because you are afraid of the results
It's NOT Voter Fraud - It's ELECTION FRAUD - where those employed to oversee Elections purposefully commit Crimes like we saw In NYC recent
WHAT ARE THEY TRYING TO HIDE???  You can't complain about Trump and deny YOU and your CRONIES do the same!
Call NJ State Attorney General Christopher Porrino at 609-292-4925 and select option 1.  #NJ
You dont think undocumented immigrants in sanctuary cities vote? Of course they do. CA is basically a sanctuary state. At least 500k vote
Foiled again! Cut off at the pass! The sheriff has spoken! "You have no power here. Leave before someone drops a house on YOU !"
Right. My family was here many decades before Putin's Illegitimate president. Fuck if I'll leave.
Cuomo 2020
Thank you @NYGovCuomo
Thank you.  -a Brooklynite
Yep Liberals love voter fraud when it works to their advantage. Just proves we have to install term limits. now.
Thank you.
Asa3@@A Azaar and WAS £<£,@*@%¥@a//* As a `1 and and A a I a£a a@£~~

Accusing others of perpetuating a myth by determining hard facts is an odd and unconvincing tactic.
Thank you Governor!
excellent!
.Thx Sir.I think this request a ruse 2 collect & create a watch/hate list of those who didn't vote 4 @realDonaldTrump @GOP
@AGSchneiderman
NY refuses to cooperate because Voter Fraud isn't a myth & you know you will look bad if the truth gets out.
Why is Mississippi refusing to cooperate?
Why is NY. Why is any state? Transparency is the only way to assure honesty. #VoterFraud
I'm very grateful that my state is refusing to send my personal info-including my birthdate and SSN-to Trump's team over unsecured email.
That act, alone, Governor, does more to perpetuate the myth than any investigation. Unless, of course, the accusations are true.
@Richzeoli
Thank you Governor Cuomo
So Trump can give them to Russia? And turn every future election result around?
Thank you, New York, for standing strong for democracy as Americans.
Excellent news!
Honest question for you, have you looked into NY/FL residents voting in two polling places yet?  I've heard snowbirds bragging abt it.
Thank you!  NY still leads the way with <3.
Good. We know that Trump Team is working with Russia on voter hacking & suppression.
Not long ago Cuomo said this: http://www.nystateofpolitics.com/2016/12/cuomo-accusations-of-russian-interference-frightening/ …
Mr Cuomo, u should be in touch with EVERY state official who is receiving this request, to be sure NOT ONE complies - TOO DANGEROUS!
Ha-ha djt. Nobody likes you.
I know  why you won't comply you need dead people and illegals to win the elections. The democrat way.
Shame on you.
Thank you @NYGovCuomo
Bullshit!
But why not?  Is there something to hide Andy?
Andrew, you better do what the people want, or your days in office are numbered!
Thank you.
You will comply, it is the law.
No one cares! How about working on giving ALL @LIRR commuters a discount!
So as long as it can not be investigated and researched you can call it a myth.  How about you prove it is a myth?
Are you scared?
I called this am lots of calls undecided NOW THANK YOU GOVNR CUOMO! Call ur govnr and tell them do not give TAX INFO OUT!
Thank you!
So it must b true. @USSupremeCourt time to just arrest @CIA long weekend @FBI get the core cleared © @DEAHQ @FDA_Drug_Info @AmerMedicalAssn
Thank you!
Excellent! Thank you! Much appreciated. 

Sincerely Signed, 

a New York native 
Non-compliance speaks volumes and is not at all surprising. You would think this would be an opportunity to prove voter fraud is fake.
So you're hiding the evidence. Only logical reason for refusal to comply.
That is fantastic.  Thank you.
VOTE FRAUD? How many States voter data Hacked by RUSSIA? Any solid proof that wasn't any Vote manipulation?
Were there any VOTE machines inspection, testing & audit immediately after election despite known fact 21 States voter data hacked? WHY NOT?
Very glad to hear it.
Bravo!
This data collexn is:
1) to suppress votes
2) bc personal data is valuable esp combined w:
-Trump ended online privacy rts
-Mercer analytics
So instead of putting it to rest by complying with the request for your voter data you deny the request and say "Trust us, there's no fraud"
Yeah... that's not suspicious at all... 
youre a crook, hack and desperate. how you are still their after ss sandy and your failures is amazing
Thank you Governor Cuomo
Thank you, @NYGovCuomo!
Andy, you afraid you'll loose all those good DEAD DEMOS from the voter rolls?
Of course you wouldn't comply....please run for president..we need a fresh and new voice in Albany....new leadership- you are stale bread!
Because you know thousands of illegal voters vote because of automatic registration
why not given. i would like to know if there was real fraud.  like did they get to actual machines
No myth!! Fact!! People are bused from poll to poll without question. Democrats oppose requiring ID. You claim minority's don't have it, BS!
The chaos happening in our government is real....wake up America before you loose your country!!
So why hide. Oh that's right you lack integrity!
Thank you sir for standing up to this nonsense. Voter suppression is his only goal. @KrisKobach1787
You're stonewalling because you know what will be uncovered and that is massive voter fraud esp on the part of democrats.
Thank you, Gov Cuomo for standing up for what is right.  It's time for us all to stand up to the Bully and keep us SAFE....xo
Ha, ha, ha. Andy u r a real jokester. What do u have in place to protect us from voter fraud? Voter ID? Picture?
No one cares. Go back to screwing up the state of NY.
Thank God. Virginia did, too. What are the plans for all that data? Too scary!
Thank you Governor. I hope we can convince other states to at least with hold pending Russia investigation and income tax disclosure.
Arrest for obstructing justice!
Thank you Governor!
Trump trying to deflect his party-wide corruption and white supremist klan dealings. Can't dump @realDonaldTrump and racist @GOP fast enough
Guess what, @NYGovCuomo? Kobach is not complying with his own request!
Sane grownups know showing investigators pristine records are the best way to demonstrate election integrity.
Thank you Governor Cuomo!
Good!!
Why not find out the truth. Dead dems somehow continue to vote.
Excellent. I challenge my states Governor Bruce Rauner to do the same.
@dianerocks52 @NPR get them from the Russians
Thank you for standing up for the rights of New Yorkers!
What are you so afraid of Cuomo?
Thank you Governor Cuomo, good for you!
There is no vote fraud.

The Russians hacked our election.

Pick one.
Omg get let it f ing go your the president do your damn job already thank you Gov Cuomo for not feeding into his FAKE conspiracy
Now please stand with CA, VA, MA on saying no to the NHCA! We will not be bullied. Legalize pot & we'll pay our own way!
Governor,"you are the man"! Thank you!!! I knew you would do the right thing. Mario would be proud of both you and your brother @ChrisCuomo
Scared huh?
Are you saying that voter rolls are secret? It makes it sound MORE like fraud by keeping them secret.
Thank you. I actually contacted our NY Secretary of State on this issue last night.
The easiest way to shut Trump up would be to actually do the audit. When he is proven wrong it becomes one more stone in the bucket.
He knew states would refuse. Asking "What do they to have to hide?" just establishes false voter fraud conspiracy narrative for idiot base.
Thank you! @NYGovCuomo & @AGSchneiderman make me feel safe living in NY! So does @SenSchumer!
Say Andy, what'cha hidin'?
Thank Derwin.
