@POTUS does not fail that's why he is a successful business person n why HE WON THE ELECTION! He wins, YOU need 2 get on board Ocare is dead
Did you forget about his multiple bankruptcies and business failures? Who starts a methane co in 2008? Daddy's money all the way
Trump/Bannon tweeted about transgendered people to take the focus off healthcare. The media is taking the bait.
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Mr.Schumer!!!
U should be able to call them by now.
Where are Dem recommendations? Why not shouting of mountain tops what dens recommend
Tweet about what you and the obstructionist party are doing to help the American people!
It's about time. Repeal not replace.  Its not the job of the gov to provide healthcare for us.
Reps are running (ruining) the country, not Humans.

Jfc too much politics today
It better fail, I and my husband are insured through our jobs, retired with insurance! But my sister who's husband has MS depend on ACA!
No, he depends on medicaid which he will continue to receive.
NO They have Obama care! What the HELL you don't know me or my sister! You people are really something I can't say here......
You seem to talk bad about this. Your one of the main reasons where in this mess. Be an adult and admit it.
Chuckie, Hillary rear left, Nancy rear right
Nutcase
Keep on fighting. Do not let up. We can't allow GOP to take health care away from millions.
Educate yourself..noone is taken anything away dumbquat
SINGLE PAYER, SINGLE PAYER, SINGLE PAYER, just like every other country.  Americans deserve nothing less.
There is no repeal. Every state has COVERAGE for children. Some States are better than others.
Just don't forget to use that in all the Senate races in 2018
Thank you, Senator. My little girl has a pre-existing condition. Please keep fighting for her! #Resist
Educate yourself.  Noone is taking anything away...how dumn are you people really
IT NEEDS TO BE REPLACED - I THINK YOU SHOULD HAVE OBAMACARE AND MAYBE YOU WILL SEE WHAT WE ARE GOING THRU
Talking out your backside again.
Give them hell
Boohooo Chuckie
So did Obamacare
#schumerfail
Great vote to Repeal that horrible unaffordable care act. Chuck you know it's wrong for Americans. Work with Rep for better Bill.
Mr Schumer. You have a seat at the table now and still complaining. Get to work on making health care great again.
Their is no doubt that is what you want. I hope for the people's sake and for the country a repeal and replacement does pass.
Please, Senator, protect health care for all Americans.
Maybe you and the rest of the Democrats should move to another country and start your own government there we don't want you anymore
Stop obstructing chucky. Soros must be giving you a hell of a bonus. Are you for America or against it.
Repeal of ACA will give many NYS businesses the start of breathing room to expand and build
 You can't fathom that. You never owned anything
#REPEAL
From your lips...
Fail only because u & the whole dog dem pack r obstructionist and DO NOT care one lick about the American people
That's what you push out to your audience RatFace, but the truth of the matter is that the Failed ObamaCare is not for Americans, period.
#FullRepeal
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats The corrupt opposition Democrats don't care that 10's of millions will lose insurance & die
And aca is such a winner right chuck? Oh that's right you don't have to use it, just force everyone to buy it.
Can't be worse than what we already have.
I certainly hope so!!
Why don't they just change the name from Obamacare to Romneycare that's what it is. Instead the GOP has terrorized the people
Please and thank you
That's right Chuck. Keep fighting to keep insurance premiums and deductibles so high they make healthcare unaffordable to buy or use. Fool
That would be wonderful to pass and get rid of that pile of crap Democrat pushed down on us & forced us to buy
So much for the John McCain speech.  Loser
Vote to repeal!!!!
Yes chuckie it must be repealed u have created a financial burden on American people that must be removed If u really care vote yes repeal
Repeal and don't replace
We pray that this nightmare ends soon and they realize we need a bipartisan fix of the ACA.  People before party.
All they want is a WIN. Take the ACA and re-label it. That should satisfy them.
At 56 y/o and far from wealthy and healthy ending ACA might end me. It will be harsh. Better me than my grandkids though. #repealnow
Repeal then fix the mess. Chuck U need to repealed
Thank you for fighting this. My son has a preexisting condition and I don't want him to suffer later in life because we lose his insurance.
You mean just like OCare failed. I guess you know a failure when u see one. BTW how is it u tell ur ppl u want to help &Athena all 50 say no
ACA IS ALREADY A FAILURE
Please let's let Obamacare implode! We need the thinning of the herd!! By the way N Korea can soon hit us with a missile. Keep hating 
#shutupchuck
Vote yes you American murder your plan is killing AMERICA
From your lips to God's ears.
Sen. Schumer & Democrats have failed. THE BIG LIE OBAMACARE Insurance Co's drop ; best hosp's won't accept.  Congressional $10K subsidy 2 go
Yes ! Repeal the whole piece of crap
Get @lisamurkowski to become a D. Wingers already ready to primary her. Ruin Mitch's day.
Yeah.  You will never support. Too bad. You Dems are Communist progressive socialist fascist
Dis you read this one or still being negligent? #DrainTheSwamp
You and your party have already failed the American people for eight years!! Thank God for President Trump and his administration!
I hope it fails. The mere fact that its even coming up for a vote is deplorable.
Good. Repeal that shit law that's called the ACA. Health insurance is not a right and should not be a govt handout.
Please god let it fail!  Keep up the good fight!
The Federal government should not be in the health insurance business #Repeal
B sure that Dems r on record w a plan 2fix ACA n counteract all the lies Trump spews. He's the obstructionist! Throw it right back at him!
Not very Christian,  Dont say your care ,We know you don't  Gop
Chucky is all party first.
Repeal, repeal, repeal that hard working tax payer bank account depleting ObamaCare!!!
Saving ACA also means #NoLifetimeCaps #NoExclusions #EssentialBenefits The self-employed depend on ACA for our insurance 

#SaveACA
I hope you're right that repeal and run will fail.
....because the Russia Collusion LIE ain't working.
we're counting on you
Why are you Democrats stalling...??  Push the ACA thru and if it turns to crap then you can legitimately blame Trump...
Repeal the stupid bill that have quite obviously failed! and then work TOGETHER to come up with a bill that works better for ALL!
You keep tweeting but you say nothing! The other day it was let's sit down and work on it! You know ACA will fail! Why not work together
It better.
After 7 years they have no workable plan they never did they wont replace it with anything. It was all a big lie like @POTUS
Fight fight! you are supported!!!
Cuck the Schmuck with Cadillac healthcare provided by the American people he cock blocks & disrespects everyday MAGA TRUMP 
Repeal Trump & replace later.  He is a detriment to our country.  A disgrace.  Campaign rallies, tweets, golf & insults are all he is good 4
ACA will fail and then you will blame everyone else!
And many will die with ACA! Since it doesn't affect you who cares! Right?
Kill the BILL !?
Alert : Non American Schumer sits on the side lines so feeble from never voting to help His own ,that he's thrown his spirit to the devil
Thank you for fighting for all Americans. Also, different topic- please read and reflect on https://thedailybanter.com/.amp/2017/07/the-hypocritical-messaging-of-the-democrats-better-deal/ …
T is clearly falling apart at the seams and must be declared insane.#removetrumptoday
Obamacare has failed and will no longer be viable for Americans. Chuck, you and your party have done nothing to correct it.
You better vote to repeal it if you have any conscience Chuck.
Please vote no for my 10mo old son Matty & children like him. #Medicaid #Trisomy8Mosaicism #SaveOurCare
Voting today to repeal Democrats
Too bad we cant vote to repeal and replace Trump until 2020
What scares me is the skinny bill which may sound okay but still would do a lot of damage to people and the economy. Help!!!!
I still remember when it costed over 500 million dollars to create the website, and it wasn't even done in the US.  #EpicFail
Chuckles, you at it again with your fear tactics? Dude I told you it's not working! We need to repeal and run yo ass out of office!
Keep ur head in the sand. We will do the right thing while u spew dried up desert debris.
I don't have any sand around me, is the grass ok with you?
Problem is Chuckie, u are more concerned w/obstruction than the American People that will completely loose their healthcare AHCA is failing
No, not obstruction (wonder where u picked that up) but integrity, compassion & courage to do the right thing.
Please self educated & read what every insurance CEO has said about AHCA & how many counties have already been left with -o- options!
I have worked in insurance. They trade bodies and hedge bets w/no regard for the human experience. I'll read but suspicious.
Will this be voted on by all of the Transgender Congressmen? I know they are all opposed. Especially that 1 w/ the James Brown wig, Lordy!
Wouldn't expect any other outcome sir from the #Resist & #Obstruct Democrats!  So sorry for ALL the American people. We R the ones hurting!
Good.  I hope it passes
How people don't see u for the corrupt fake politician that u really are astounds me. Virtue signaling doesn't = serving the people
I sure hope so @SenSchumer because millions are barely holding on wondering if they're fates are sealed
Hey chucky, why doesn't Congress give us what you got Chuck, you have too much Chuck, time for you elitist to start sharing what you have !!
It better fail big!
IF IT FAILS YOU DEMOCRATS CAN KISS YOUR SEAT IN CONGRESS GOOD BY COME 2018 ALONG WITH ANY REPUBLICANS WHO VOTE AGAINST IT
Go have another lunch with soros
"Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results."
. Stop fear mongering Sen Schumer. @RandPaul repeal bill keeps ACA for 2 yrs while replace bill is created. Ppl have nothing to fear but U.
. Bless your little heart foul  Carol. I read the entire @RandPaul amendment. As a healthcare provider,  I fully support the bill.
Sure hope so.
Of that alleged 12% that actually want a repeal, how many understand that their healthcare will be changed? Still believe ACA not obamacare
When is the vote happening today?
Thank you!
Keep fighting, we can't let this bill pass
Either you influence your RNC colleagues to vote no or take an "Ice Pick to the Forehead". A 5lb Rubber Mallet will do the job too
I hope so Senator.  Today I called @SenateMajLdr's office to ask who would take care of my severely disabled son & they hung up on me.
@SenateGOP @housegop @SenMcCain
HUNG UP ON YOU!!!! this shows the Republican Party doesn't give a shit about the people they serve! RISE UP!
Why are Dems against motion to proceed? They told me they had lots of great ideas to fix #ACA .ALL THEY HAVE IS LIES&MORE LIES #ACARepeal
How much could you buy with 700,000? 10 Russians ? 20 Germans , 30 French asking for an "orange" friend who has a startup business
This at replies are like an echo chamber
If only this had been your sole focus last weekend when you attacked Hillary on the Sunday shows. We might have stopped this madness.
Give me back my health care schumer
Maybe if they do repeal it you would actually get off your ass and do your job that you were voted into do how about that?
Repeal #OBcare!
Repeal would increase # of uninsured Americans, difficulties from preexisting conditions, the federal deficit, and out of pocket costs.

What, like #Obamacare is solving the problem?
Please let repealand run fail.
What about the millions of people that do not have healthcare/can't afford with Obamacare, so do we count in the USA ? What's the answer?
Please don't let it pass, Chuck! We're depending on you.
Shut up Chuck-U schumer
apparently the GOP thinks it's somehow better to leave Americans with nothing
That is so sad
What do you suggest to fix it?
Great! Now back to the real issue: #IMPEACH
SCHUMER HAS CREATED A PERMANENT PEASANT CLASS CONTROLLED BY THE DEMOCRATS.  I WANT FREE STUFF.  GIVE IT TO ME,  I DESERVE IT.
Disgraceful
Please keep fighting. I know this is tiring. But please keep fighting.
I fucking DOUBT it.     lmao  lollllll   lmao lol  ha ha ha ha
BOT & dumb
Keep on fighting the good fight.
Obama care has dialed the people just like the Democrats
How bout #SINGLEPAYER dems will win again when they propose things the people want sir!!
#VOTEITDOWN GOP needs to stop this madness!
