Somewhere in America a parent is worried sick because they can't use their Obamacare because the deduction is too high or premiums are huge
They should work together to fix it, not hide away like big babies with their #stealthcare What McConnell has done is disgraceful.
Fix what? Obamacare? The law that passed without any GOP votes? The law that passed without being read? The law that blew up the ins market
Time for gov to get out of the healthcare business. Let the free market work the way it was intended.
"Trickle down" has been proved over and over and over again to benefit only the wealthy. http://www.levyinstitute.org/pubs/pn_15_4.pdf …
So it's ok to subsidies insurance co's with our tax dollars. More corporate welfare for big business. Trickle up more like it.
What this bill wud do is give tax money to the wealthy. It's not just "mean," it's immoral.
Ocare is corporate welfare for insurance co's. Tax payer subsidies along with high premiums. Why do these insurers leave the exchanges?
You criticize without reading it.. STOP LYING TO EVERYONE,
Did you not read their first proposal? How do you know they haven’t looked the new one? I’m sure they saw it before t was public.
It seems they got it and 20 min later they were out there with hate comments.. Shameful
How come the rest of the world gets universal health care?
Nancy Pelosi said "Pass it before you read it."  People no longer have respect for Democrats. Get your facts right. Don't lie!
Time for gov to get out of the healthcare business. Let the free market work. 20 mil people can get their own insurance.
Somewhere in Az there's a family paying $4000 a month with a $15000 deductible. #droptherhetoric #stopobstructingandstartfixing
Dems weren't mean w/ACA?? My healthcare was ruined, we lost doctors, have an $8,000 deductible? Whose mean? Don't get it, do u Schumer?

Brother has congestive heart failure, copd, plulmonary issues, on oxygen 24 hours a day, bipolar Keep Medicaid.
What is mean is ObamaCare which you created
OBSTRUCTIONIST!!!
mean is waisting 20 trillion extra dollars on top of tax revenue. How is your health care policy Chuck ? I'm sure it's great
did you read the bill cryin chuck? #RepealAndReplace #fakeoutrage
Please stand down, has-been. Your time is past, your lies are killing the Republic and your Socialist bent threatens the Republic.
Does trump's health care bill support his pro-genetic ideology? The weak gene ones die leaving a stronger gene pool. Disgusting!
Anti Trump rhetoric. Keep spewing falsehoods. Your credibility is non- existent .
There shouldn't be any health care law.  How about a car insurance law, or home insurance law? Get government out of our lives.  Fed up!
"It's Meaner!!" he said in a tearful voice. You should have fixed Obama care when you had the chance. Now all you can do is complain.

Do you really know it's an evil bill? Have you read it or just going upon what the Democrats & mainstream media say?
Meaner? At least right now it's not collapsing
Not meaner than you crooked man
They used the same insurance lawyers you did for Obamacare. Give Americans the same HC we provide you. Don't exclude yourself from ours.
Stuff it chucky
You guys own this medical mess UpChuck.
Not as bad as ACA! It is so bad that congress was exempt from being required to sign up and now you dare to ridicule this one? You're a fool
Your mean!!!!
If Hillary made the same bill, you would love it.
Mean meaner or meanest ...hissy fit!! Obamacare wasn't even read, but we didn't need to according to nancy p
Where is Sen Schumer`s bill to fix the Obamacare death spiral? Guess he is too busy "resisting" to do the job New Yorkers elected him to do.
You're mean and disingenuous #Trumpcare
How do you know. You never read the thing
You are a liar chuck. This bill is softer than the house version and that was soft. We need bigger cuts in the spending. Give to the states.
Breaking: leading Dems & drive by Media hate but don't help with new health care ideas cause they got none! They just don't know how 2 help!
It all fits. #45 does not want "poor" people running the country. So, this is the way to kill them all off while preserving the ruling rich
Much better than Obamacare!
Oh my gosh, Schumer is a broken record... go against Trump & Republicans. Trump is working incredibly hard to help the American people!
If Obamacare was so great we would not have to vo this now would we?
Dems refuse to work with Republicans u want your way or no way.So piss off!
There is a 100% chance you will obstruct, Chuck.  Your whole relevance is based on standing in the way of progress we Americans voted for.
the more you talk the the I RUN TO THE RIGHT
Stop lying to people. You r telling people they will die & then wonder why they r getting violent... smh Just stop w/the bs #Chuckytheclown
STHU
Scare tactics as usual.
I hope Dems realize what Schumer's agenda.
Meaner than ACA???
Chuck, Americans handed your party 2 more losses this week in special elections. When will you understand it's pretty clear what is wanted
The democrats have lost over 1000 election from POTUS down to local elections under Obama. Just let that sink in as U continue to obstruct
It's not #TrumpCare it's #BetterCare, as in you better not cry this time.
sissy-we cannot go on the give away street anymore. man up, don't be a sissy
Vote NO, shut it DOWN
Good.  Get me heathcare out of the fed gov. It does not belong there.
Crying Chuck!!
@SenateMajLdr is blaming you Chuck. How do you respond?
You didn't even have time to read the bill yet and you come out with a prepared statement what an idiotic obstructionist #dims lose bigly
so the DISCUSSION DRAFT is meaner? SO what are YOU going to DISCUSS to make it kinder? You are all talk and no action! Step UP!
U ARE THE MEAN ONE CHUCKLESS
Why don't you and the rest of the dems have Obamacare if it's so great!!! You won't answer that will you!!!

Hate everything republican.
@SpeakerRyan I would like to see all our legislators be required to  be part of Obama/Trump care.This would fix a lot of the mudslinging.

OMG!You r a terrible actor.But u r better actor than Amy.Your scare tactics do not work!You really need to refine your craft as a  artist!
Hey, CHUCK HOW MUCH IS YOUR PREMIUMS? YOU DON'T HAVE OBAMA CARE BUT YOU SUPPORT IT! WHY?
Oh, so you READ this one? I'd be happy to quiz u all on Ocare because I know U never read it! Such hypocrites! U just HATE @realDonaldTrump
Are you crying again  Big girls don't cry Chuckie!
What are you? A five year old. You're so obviously an #obstructionist and #democrats not like it! #cryingchuck
Obamacare is a nightmare and failed to cover everything! Stop the #lies!!!
You are just a liar. Nobody cares what you say anymore.
Which is what Americans wanted, and, deserve
#ProtectOurCare #SaveMyCare #TrumpDeathcare #TheResistance
Chuck you make chuckle.Quit trying to deceive us. You screwed us on dumbacare Notice everyone is waking up to leaving the party.  FAKE CHUCK
Will it be PERECT? NO! But, NO WAY WILL IT BE WORSE THEN OBAMA CARE! I"LL TAKE A CHANCE ON NEW BILL!
Same message 3 months ago!

Stop spreading fear in your base!
So is ACA. Where were  you when your constituents complained of high costs & out of pocket expenses instead it became a 2016 campaign issue.
You couldn't of even read the bill yet so shut up obstructionist.
No tears. Dangit. I needed a laugh.
After you say it enough you convince your brain washed electorate believe as Saul Alinski says in your hand book "Rules for Radicals" wiseup
Liked his comments on redistribution of wealth. The great American peanut game!
19 trillion in fed debt by the smart people. Shame
Obamacare is a failure! The Dems have no solutions, they are to busy with making up scandals and propaganda to undermine this Pres!
Got a look see BEFORE you signed it this time Senator? Should have never created a ACA to begin with instead monitor abuses and correcting.
Do whatever needs to be done to stop #Trumpcare
This #trumpcare bill is the Republican Eugenics program: poor, disabled, old, unemployed, tend to be POC. This bill is deplorable. #resist
You cry wolf so often that your message is diluted. Dems won't persuade Americans until you have more moderate policies.
Nobody wants to look at your freaking FB , good grief , I almost feel sorry for Dems...
.@SenSchumer Here come the fake tears again. #CryinChuck
2nd, I watched that Obama roundtable on CNN on O scare. Obama, YOU & Dems refused to allow Repubs to even get in a word, interrupting them
Kick it to the curb!!!!!
Does anyone care what you say ! Your scare tactics have not worked . You must really hate the American people w/your obstructing
Schumer is a liar!he is all about scare tactics and twisting the facts!History has proven his inability to speak the truth about anything
You didn't even have time to read the bill. That shows how fake your agenda is
Forcing us to buy ObamaCare or pay fines, is MEAN!
Typical left, using fear monger when he had not even read the bill earlier.OCare is failing big time, talking about being without insurance
Crying old Chuck is such an a-Hole b/c u talk NEVER read the Plan.  You are Fake News. You and Pelosi are a gift that keeps on giving.
WHAT will Dems do about this?These people don't care abt stmts or shame- theyre beholden 2 billionaires,not American people.ACTION is needed
You cry wolf so my often that you are diluting your message. Dems will not persuade America until they have more moderate policies!
Republicans are killing ACA with this death spiral BS,pure Sabotage !
NO THE DEMS WHO WROTE3,000+PG OBAMACARE KILLED HEALTHCARE! CAN'T BLAME THIS ON REP,NOT 1 VOTED FOR IT!
"Somewhere in America" democrats ruined healthcare forever and refused to work to fix the mistake they made called "Obamacare"
You are the worst, even more illiterate than pelosi and watters, your dangerous to this country. A true liar
STOP LYING Cryin' Chuck! You complain Repubs didn't include you? Yet DemoTurds literally locked out Repubs by changing the locks.
Its Obama and you that dropped the ball on the white house lawn. Do something like get Clinton, Obama. Warren and Pelosi and send home.
I don't understand who you're crying to? #Obamacare is dead, we have to move on. Middle class Americans are the ones hurting NOW!
What liar, you make up stuff and repeat it over & over & over just as Saul Alinsky teaches in his Hand book for the Left, Rules for Radicals
Stop all the scare tactics Chucky. We know you lie. Somewhere in Senate there R out of touch self righteous MILLIONAIRES who spew hate&lies
Somewhere in America is a person who can't afford the GOOD insurance I had, BEFORE Obamacare.#RepealAndReplace  You screwed it up, admit it!
QUIT LYING @SenSchumer Already had a bs statement prepared,telling people gop is trying to kill them is complete bull shit/like the dems
SHAME ON YOU. MAKING BIG NEGATIVE HEALTH SPEECH AND YOU DIDN'T EVEN READ IT.  SHAME SHAME SHAME.
You haven't even read it yet. #CryingChuck
Why does the GOP want me suffering or dead #ProtectOurCare #SaveMyCare #TrumpDeathcare #TheResistance
WHERE's YOUR PLAN? Why don't you work with the GOP instead of against them! I'm so angry  with how stupid Democrats are being!
well that's a joke. Tell me why people taking advantage of the system have 0 copay while I have a 900 one? #HealthcareBill
If I understand Chuck, You are willing to sit on your hands and not participate as the Republicans kill people for tax breaks. Am I correct?
I can't believe anyone is so unengaged they would believe one word from this man.
Did you even read it...? #FAKETEARS !!!!! 
According to you. All fear talk. Just like a Dem. LOSERS. LIARS. OBSTRUCTIONISTS.  #MAGA
Senator we have heard nothing but obstruction & criticism from u since Trump's election. Do you have any ideas on how to solve our problems?
Stop fear mongering!! When you opt for obamacare I'll listen!
Chuckles you and the Dimms had plenty of time to fix Obama care. Stop obstructing and pitch in to #MAGA
Chucky, did you write that speech before you read the bill? Where's your version of a bill that fixes the Obama care mess? Oh u don't have 1
Thought your speech about Trumpcare was clear, strong and honest. Thank you for speaking out. I appreciate you caring for us.
He hasn't even read the plan yet!!
Schumer to Scared to tell the TRUTH the Truth is we are 20 Trillion Dollars in Debt & if we don't take steps NO ONE will HAVE HEALTHCARE
You haven't even read it all!! This is just the draft and now YOU need to work WITH everyone to make it even better. We have NOTHING now
Why didn't you fix the problem under the last regime? Scare tactics won't work
This is only the preliminary Heath plan give it a chance so people can at least have something to help them now
You fail to represent all NewYorkers #notmysenator
R's will NEVER allow term limits to pass. McConnell, Ryan, and others want to stay right where they are.
Why can't we get some of the people who put ACA together and fix ACA with the Republicans show or talk about it at least do something
Yea, because it's too much like Obamacare.
Your hypocrisy is why your party lost the election, it was OK when you had to pass Obamacare to know what was in the bill wasn't it?
You realize they allowed republicans to read it and amend it when they put theirs out there...you know that, right? They held hearings
Obama care is mean to many people not just in yr State!! Somewhere in AMerida statements were so laughable..fear Mongoring is not working!
Dude you didn't even read it before your out bashing it!!! You're doing nothing but fear mongering!!! Obamacare was mean sir!!!
HOW DO YOU EVEN KNOW WHAT HAS BEEN READ OR NOT READ! I swear you people have lost all common sense
Wrong! Don't believe him
CHUCK YOU  CHUCK
pure communism/Putinesc about how its being done. #USA #HealthcareBill @CNNPolitics @SenateGOP
Bull, you know nothing.
You are lying. Fear mungering. You didn't even read the bill. And stop with the fake tears and LIES !!! You need to be out of office.
Yesterday you were crying about the GOP keeping the bill secret. Today the minute it it released you claim it's terrible. you can read fast
you’re a mean man schumer
Directions to your assertions would be helpful. Only want the truth! @GOP
Waiting for more tears...Can you find anything positive? What do you agree with? Typical go for shock factor #notbelievable
Liar!  Nothing is meaner than not being able to see your Dr bcuz of high premiums & deductibles! Plastic card does not mean insurance! #MAGA
Blame insurance companies.
Somewhere in Americs Mr President there's s senator named Schumer who is a twit.
Your such a liar. Tell the truth to your constituents. Your hurting them by lying. CUT IT OUT. Stop being so dramatic!!!
You gotta have a brain to figure that out Schumer!
Somewhere in America, millions of families used to have affordable care, until you killed it and forced them on Medacaid.

