It's ex-Director Comey!
The guy that followed AG Loretta Lynch's directive to misconstrue the nature of the Hillary email investigation and did.

Was it to hard to spell Director?
must have missed Comey saying Trump wasn't under investigation on 3 separate occasions. You ppl are pathetic. #nastyhumans
He leaked memo to set up spec counsel...put huge shadow over spec. counsel now.  Can't trust it bc they are such "good friends". $$$ wasted
What the Fuck is Dir?
Wasting mor time and money! Vote the dems out!
US Code says EVEN THE APPEARANCE OF CONFLICT OF INTEREST IS PROHIBITED (Fed Reg-28CFR 600.7). Mueller MUST STEP DOWN bc of close comey ties.
Dir?
Oh you left out the fun bits , you know,  he committed treason, leaked classified information, had no evidence of Trumps & Russia,
Looks like you should be under investigation by a special counsel. Tell Alex Soros I said to go F himself.
We don't mind a "special counsel" but as U know, a person must recuse themselves if they are FRIENDS w/person they R INVESTIGATING...
They need to get rid of Mueller
for conflict of interest

They need to get rid of
Assistant AG
for recommending Mueller

Deep State @POTUS
Yeah the head leaker and weak weak man knows what's right 
If President Trump would've spelled Dir, the fucking world woulda been in a panic , fucking protest..Cnn would've reported about it ....Dir?
Stop wasting our valuable time. Trump should get rid of special counsel. Bring back jobs. Term Limits. You power brokers lost touch with us
Turn over the DNC servers. Easy enough fix.. Why not?
You're right, but they won't do it , because they could uncover their own corruption. I am sure @SenSchumer  has plenty to hide
and still the GOP talks about Clinton not RUSSIA or Trump.  GRRRRR!
That's because in one case there's proof and in the other there is just hope from the left.

Absolutely agree that AG Sessions must #TestifyUnderOath in an Open Hearing The #StupidityDefense being offered by @SpeakerRyan SAD! #CP5
How do you start a sentence with DIr??? Do you mean did??? Director??? What the Fuck is Dir???
Dir??
Hillary Clinton conducted foreign affairs for the United States using an unsecured email server worst leak in all of USA history combined.
FAKE NEWSFAKE NEWSFAKE NEWSFAKE NEWSFAKE NEWSFAKE NEWSFAKE NEWSFAKE NEWS@NBCNews @CBSNews @ABC @cnnbrk @WhiteHouse @seanhannity
Comey testimony demonstrates that Trump was justified in firing the Nut Case, that there is no collusion and that Trump has not obstructed!
Its the kinda shit you people do?
What the FUCK is Dir?
Turn over the illegal Clinton server. Oh wait it was destroyed!
He is no longer director, he leaked and lied, you twist things and support a criminal over the president, RESIGN!
@SenSchumer  You may not want the real truth to come out.

You were over your head leaker
Schumer...u and your corrupt dems BOH HRC WILL GO DOWN IN HISTORY! We just waiting for ax to fall.
As there should have been for Hillary and BOH. WAIT FOR IT!!!
Leaker Comey has confirmed he told Trump he was NOT under investigation for any alleged collusion with the Russians. Keep crying liberals. 
FBI Agents Said, Comey is a Dirty Cop
Comey, (long tall pajama boy) isn't credible and neither are you!
yes and it was all done because of a memo by Comey.Sorry but this country looks down on you.No one wants more corruption from democrats
Will the investigation include Mexico's long-standing (and overt) attempts at influencing our elections? Nope, cuz Dems like that.
You owe America an apology! You knew Trump was not under investigation!
Comey exonerated Trump and confirmed Democrats have known for months he was not under investigation. You are liars!!!
The ONLY bombshells here are: Comey is a liar & leaker, and @TheJusticeDept @AGLynch caved after #TarmacGate, & interfered in election.
Yea bc he was 2 weak of a human being to be a man of his oath. Shame on all of u who defended this coward. Shame on u for pushing pure BS!
Comey is a jackass and he should got fired long time ago and he should get locked up for lying under oath.
So Comey has decided he is the one to chose when Americans should hear the truth.
So Comey tells Trump pee story going to be released, & FBI knows it's false, but that's too bad.  Live with the lying media.
No Chuck Comey was angry and wanted revenge Now get to work with our President
America is waking up to the disgusting practices that you and your DC goons play on us every day.  It is amazing.
Every time he opens his mouth
And Comey's reason for having a friend get on national tv to talk about not wanting to shake the hand of the president? How professional.
Propaganda in America. Needs to be addressed. Congress and FBI know Americans are being fed lies daily by media and just sit there and watch
A lot of power & play in DC. That was shown today. Narcissistic run country. We can not believe anything from you or the media that is clear
Yes! What a role model! Leaker Comey!
Comey explains Why he Leaked Secret Documents &  helped Democrat AG Lynch to Aid Hillary's Presidential Campaign while he Perjuring himself!
Chuck...Chuck?? It's over! Go home!
We need a investigation into what Obama knew Did he  know about the testimony comey gave yesterday on Lynch telling him to call it matter
Stop wasting taxpayers money on the wrong investigation. Why did you lie and say @POTUS was under investigation?
ENOUGH!!!!!  Stop the bullshit and do something constructive!
If the facts come out, no doubt the clintons are in a world of 
Comey is a leaker and should be prosecuted
Trump is exonerated.why special peosecuter?
@SenSchumer The irrelevant #Democrat party is crumbling.
@SenSchumer no one cares what he says. Under his leadership he didnt solve any cases.
I am calling for all #TYRANT #Politicians to be investigated with due process by no less then the maximum penalty/sentence! #Justiceforus
Get a message!

Can't you people get a better message for 
America' s future! Please!
@SeahHannity Do you think before you speak? What tapes? Trump has you chasing your tail. It's hilarious that you keep searching for nothing.
Lion has become a show butter just like Governor Brown in Oregon don't care about the seniors disabled suffering from Med cuts some die
Russians tampered with our election which makes it and the government that was elected null and void. We need a new election.
Thank you @SenWyden_GSPP
You all should be ashamed that Russia became powerful under the watch of Obama, Hillary and Kerry.
Trump has nothing to worry about with Schumer. Can't take him seriously! Lol! Can you imagine living in that skin! Lol!
Schumer must have a whole different hearing! How did he get something completely different?
Sounds to me that Comey will need his own counsel.
Are you people f-ing delusional????   Comey is a liar!!!  There was obstruction in @HillaryClinton investigation. Thank you God for giving
us @POTUS to protect the American people from the people we elected to serve the country! You are all going down!!!! @TGowdySC Have fun
mopping the floor with the criminals in our government!!!   
@SenSchumer So Chuckie, it looks like your imaginary cloud hanging over this administration just dissipated after #ComeyHearings
To protect the BS you and the Dems have done for 8 years. Deflect from the truth but law will soon be served. Bye bye libbies.
NEED FOR SPECIAL COUNSEL IS A DISGRACE.  Democrap are liars and hypocrites.  NEXTELECTIONFIND OUT WHAT WE THINK OF THEIR PATHETIC CONDUCT.
We demand your nonsense to stop SenSchumer! Quit manipulating the people of America! You always try to destroy our POTUS!You need to resign!
Dems now forever tied to creating a fake Russian collusion to take down a duly elected president & at the expense of the American people
#comeytestimoney final words in your clip, "there was no case there." Not sure why you are posting it as it hurts your cause of hate & lies.
@SenSchumer - Investigate Clinton or shut the hell up.
Comey is a leaking sack of crap and no one believes a word either of you say!!! Trump vindicated big league!!!
Hey dummy, did you nap all day?  It's over...no there there.
Yeah because he's a pussy
Stop wasting our damn tax dollars on this joke of this investigation which Russia had thing to do in our election.  The real truth is Seth
Losing some respect for Chuck. The Boris and Natasha "stole the election" narrative is nonsense now..work w/ Trump and repair nation
But you will never hear a one of those crooks on the hill give him one at a boy. The difference in a real man and a whiny little bit...!!
You should resign for wasting time and money over nothing but trying to smear Trump, say goodbye to you career, vote DEms out!
Yes, and Mr. Comey referred to HRC as "careless" and the President a "liar"! I WILL NEVER VOTE DEMOCRAT AGAIN! HOW CORRUPT OUR GOVT. IS!
still no proof or evidence to support this but keep on lying.The people know the truth and see democrats as the liars.Not looking good 2020
The Democrats are clearly wasting the time and money of the American People.
No.1,if he was lying, he would have disputed everything dt said. But instead being an honest man, gave trump a life line.
Every one sitting in that hall today know that dt is a lying pig. And knows that Comey was truthful about everything he said!
It was important because he was fired and wanted revenge. Not enough of a case for even investigation, but no prosecutor for Clinton?
Well country USA, another thing we learned todayThere's no integrity in the the world leaders that governs our lives and our safety anymore
trump is draining the swamp and trying to build back the integrity of our justice system. Assist dont resist


Comey also stated Trump was never under investigation and the media has most of the Russia facts WRONG!  Why not mention that?
The new FBI director, is the really only good news I heard today. Is that he want be able too be controlled by trump and his Magogs either!!
Lady, would you please stop tweeting until you're sober?
Does Loretta Lynch have any notes with any meeting you ever had with her.
Comey just killed the Russian horse theory didn't he? Yes he did!
No Russian investigation for Trump though!
Senate  dems  are all living in fools  paradise. When will d  dems  act their  age  and  actually do something to better this  country.
And since you are so fond of the #ComeyTestimony I am assuming you will call for a special counsel to look into the Clinton/Lynch meet?
You should be expelled, lower than a drug dealer.
There already is one, so what's your point?
Why don't you investigate @POTUS44 & @HillaryClinton with their involvement with Russia and Iran.  Now that's a reality for you.
Sometimes I wonder what planet Congressional Democrats come from.  They view nothing like normal Americans.  You
Please allow the same prosecutor to investigate Tarmac Gate.
So obvious that Trump lied along with his primary spermatocytes
No he does not You ppl have lost your freaking minds GROW UP!!!
How about stopping the circus and getting back to work for the nation. Americans are fed up with the political garbage. #obstructchuck
You guys are prehistoric... go to sleep already and let the people that love America run her.
I guess you really DON'T want Dems to ever win again! Keep it up and we will show you voter protest 6 ways to Sunday!!!Enough!Do your job!!!
The DemonRats will not be saved by Comey !!!  $20 TRILLION is what America wants you working on DemonRats !!!
No he didn't the democrats did the losers just keep trying to bring our nation down. Terrorists in there own right!
Can't trust either of them
Don't you people ever get tired of lying and spreading hate in America ?  I actually voted for Democrats in the past but never never again !
Then you need to check facts. Wait until all your benefits are taken away by GOP then you will be singing a different song
tell that to your 11 followers.... I'm not buying it !!
Btw...I don't get benefits ..I work for what I have 
these Comey supporters often take bribes (work/policy incentives) during/from one Administration while demanding it from next.
Fact is that Trump broke the law plain and simple. The multiple antics to disrupt the investigation cumulatively prove intent. Impeach!
So tired of the Democrats obstruction  get this health bill lower taxes infrastructure the wall done. We the people demand it.
it seems to me the Dems presenting with most fear, as though casting doubt on America's future is for sale Party Conviction Hx
Comey: Trump you are not under Russia Investigation

Trump: Tell public

C: No, I would rather have this blackmailing power

T: You're fired
So he leaked details of a privileged conversation with @realDonaldTrump that he KNEW would be weaponized and you're cheering him on?
All convenient bullshit. Loretta Lynch is dirty but Saint Comey says not a problem because Hillary committed no crimes. Self-serving crap.
He's. Pathological lier Chuck. The Dems get amnesia or better yet selective memory loss. Sad you don't see how foolish you look to the world
@SenSchumer many agreements to this.
Comey pledged "honest loyalty" to the president.

Comey was asked, not directed to, drop the Flynn case. Smoke no fire
So the bottom line Trump not under investigation  No evidence of collusion after all this time Never asked to stop Russia inv 
Yeah but not for Clinton emails, you, Lynch, Lerner? Give it a rest.  Dems have been outed.
Yea but not a special counsel for Loretta lynch that did obstruction of justice. Just proofs that meeting on the plane wasn't about grandkid

Mueller's investigation needs protection from this corrupt administration.
Agreed
It's only important because he leaked memos. He should be in jail. Democrats are disgraceful
Keep it nonpolitical. Let the investigation go forward.Find America a strong,honest candidate for 1243 days from now.
That candidate's name shall be Trump.
Yes Russia, not trump collusion. Go ahead and say it. Just like Obama wouldn't say Muslim extremists.  All a play on works.
Can you tell me Chuck why you only feel this way when it's a Republican?
Y was Comey expected 2 b one 2 school Trump on protocol? The minute Sessions sent out, as Comeys boss, Sessions should have said something.
Yep, and also pointed out no Trump investigation as a FYI
Oh Chucky,now the world knows  your delusional rants were straight from lala land. Now let's expose your pedophile practices for all to see
No. We heard what we needed to today. No criminal activity. Start doing your job or be replaced 2018, 2020. We're done with the games.
Everyone back to work! Washington works for the American people.
