Dear Senator: As a NYer, I owe insurance companies no guarantee of profits. None. Govt run single payer is the only logical solution.
If you're a lazy do nothing that needs government to take care of your sorry ass. Go look at Cuba and Venezuela. Everything is free there!!!
You must have been terribly abused as a child to be so hateful. I hope your parents were arrested for what they did.
Left you alone to become incredibly stupid and myopic. Too bad. I'm sure you have no idea how ignorant you are, but then, I hear it's bliss
Stop your nonsense already. Jeez.
My nonsense? You want my parents arrested. Little cupcakes,you have no idea how things work but you sure think you do.pick up a history book
Grow some empathy.
That is what Obamacare did to me. I want change and look forward to any improvement!!!!
This isn't an improvement. At all.
I feel differently.
Then I hope you have big bucks and no pre-existing conditions, or never get sick. Cuz otherwise you're screwed.
If you reading the same documents I am reading, then our differences are simply a matter of interpretation. I was totally screwed by Ocare.
Insured will pay for uninsured to cover costs in hosp's. Seen it before ACA-retired nurse
What you describe is the homeowner and auto insurance industries - and nobody had a problem with that, and it's just stuff, not lives!
liar,lie and deceit is in your DNA.
No offense, but I don't believe anything you say on this subject. Too many lies when O'care passed. Ppl should look to independent sources.
Not lies. Just completely obstructed from implementing the whole plan. Had to concede on many points that COULD have made it great
And if it was so bad, why did GOP NOT present anything to fix in all the years it's been up and running? They wanted an Obama failure
Get RID of OBAMACARE 100%. Put health insurance back into the hands of the citizens! NO GOVT. INTERFERENCE AT ALL,  EVER!
Not true
liar
you did all that with obummer care...
What does the 10,000 paged documents say?  Did you read it all the way? Can
Stop spreading your lies!!
INSURANCE INDUSTRY NEEDS TO BE NON PROFIT. BIG PHARMA TOO.  ALL PROFITS GO TO R&D, COVERAGE. SALARY CAPS FOR EXECS. THAT'S REFORM!
Why do you act like you know what we are going through Schumer? You get 100 plus days off, you get free healthcare, and a golden pension.
Defend and IMPROVE our HealthCare!! @SenateDems @SenateGOP say NO to discrimination based on pre-existing and age! @nytimes @PattyMurray
Under Obamacare women that r to old or can't babies still have to have maternity insurance how smart was that it drove prices high
The prices already were skyrocketing
Do you read ur tweet page or is someone writing for u that's exactly what ACA did to my family wakeup & try a fix rather than what ur doing
HYPOCRITE. O care hurt middle America. Ppl forced to buy ins. couldn't afford. W high premiums like $5000 out of pocket can't afford 2 use.
I think you should keep quiet.  O' care is just awful. We want something that works!
Since you made these claims I know they are not true!
Chuckie, your Obamacare was a disaster! Your president lied to the Americans. The MIT architect of ACA mocked us Americans as stupid.
what are you doing to make this bill better? Stop complaining and be part of the solution or no reelection
Hey Charley, u do Realize the complete lie and failure of Obama care probably cost HC the election.
Not Russia
Not Comey 
Not racism
Great job on healthcare! Obama care was a lie and a complete failure !
Pull your glasses 1/2 way down your crooked nose and start balling !
Devastate families who have children on the autistic spectrum who depend on services to help their children thrive.
Liberal dream world: 
Obama care was a success
Terrorism doesn't exist
Illegal immigration is good 
HC lost Wisc due to Russia
• Bullshit
• Bullshit
• Bullshit
My premiums have skyrocketed under Obamacare. 
How do I pay my $5000 deductible?  ACA = #nohealthcare
#liar
Repeal and replace out of touch Chuck Schumer
It's up to you and the Senate to stop this thing
If this health care is good enough of us then it should be good enough for them I say they try it for a few years on their own families
The GOP forced exclusions to Ocare, allowing ins and pharma to hold on to profits and passing costs to the little guy
Why aren't you walking this message directly to 45 along with all who oppose - like AMA, AARP who can threaten to take his membership away
Get the tissues again more fake feelings Chuck
Pre existing conditions are covered.  You need a better source for your info.  All you do is lie
GOP: You can still have insurance if you have a preexisting condition, but you must pay more , if you can't afford it, go bankrupt so ...
... Medicaid can kick in and get back of the line care.  This is was health care was like before Obamacare, just corporate greed.
TCare is fixing OCare! Obamacare is unaffordable. People pay high premiums & deductibles then don't have money 2 use the plan! U screwed us!
& what about decimating Medicaid it won't even exist either, & 1/3 gone from Medicare, disabled, anyone catastrophic illness, old horrendous
I wonder how supporters feel now!!!!
Blah blah blah
Obamacare crippled my checkbook&built on lies, which is a description of U Chuckie!
Kinda sounds like Obamacare
Keep fighting for us - don't let those rich old farts turn back our progress!
Show me where HC is a federal responsibility in the Constitution
Whats the matter Chuckie, your insurance lobbyists not liking their government money trough being shut off?
You lied during Obamacare and you are lying now.  Shameless
financial eugenics
Cry more with the lies.
watching c-span now..... democrats full house f lies !!! Only thing missing is the tears. Crybabies !!!!
This tweet is a few years late.
You are lying to people that trust you Schumer
Just like #Obamacare did!
The problem is you pro politicians not subject to the BS you subject We the People to 
#TermLimits
#TermLimits 
#GovernmentReform 
#CitizenGovernment 
#NoProPoliticians
i do hope you bury this bill in favor of single payer/universal care
let me get this right last week you were siding with hair trump on the deplorable canadian dairy farmers, now this...
Obamacare did that to me...
They had to pass it to see what was in it.
You're thinking of Obamacare.
Shut your trap Chuck.     Whah whah whah
Liar liar Chuck. Show proof. Not "this person says"... Worthless words from an inane leader of an inane party..
as someone tgst criticizes you regularly, this time sir you are right
senator, the repubs put 138 bil up for pre ex cond. stop your lying no o e loses anything. in fact tge repubs pulled a fast one on us all.
obviously Upchuck Schumer the circus clown didn't read the bill...just like when he voted 4 Obamacare! Soros/Obama puppet!
Nothing to say except "if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor"
they are already getting kicked off. These are silly.
LIAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
And Obamacare had it's own share of problems, but you approved of it. Hundreds of $ in monthly premiums plus $6000 deductibles?? RETIRE!!!!
Hey chuck the people that would "lose health care" are the ones that would opt out since now the dumb gov isn't forcing to have it.
Fearmonging 101 - create drama w no solutions to keep your voters in line. Problem is you think we are morons who cannot think. Wrong buddy
You're a liar...You wouldn't know the truth if it hit you in the face. # DUMP CHUCK
All anyone needs to know is that the Republicans made sure they exempted themselves from the bill Not good for them but is for everyone else
Hey Chuckles the American people are sick of your lies
I'm sure the Insurance companies will make their money! I guess their donations to Trump & others paid off. Rip that thing apart!
@SenSchumer, @NancyPelosi & the Democratic Potty: Where lies, collusion and #FakeNews rule! #Trump2020 #MAGA #AmericaFirst 
@SenSchumer, @NancyPelosi & the Democratic Potty: Where lies, collusion and #FakeNews rule! #Trump2020 #MAGA #AmericaFirst 
Suckered qit up chucky obummer screwed up the whole health insurance industry.
spreading lies Chuck, and we know it!
As opposed to tripling premiums and copays so it's like not having insurance and so on and so on. Give it up Schumer. Not buying yet hype
No that is projection and exactly what Obamacare did, you Democrats screwed the American People, We have take back control deal with it.
Liar
Sounds like Commie Obamacare
Hmmmm... sounds a lot like Obamacrap.
Collapsing Obamacare set to do the same thing. Federal govt has no business being in the healthcare business.
Chuck you are a stupid S O B !!!!
I guess Obamacare was just so damn good that congress wasn't able to be a part of it??  Obama made sure he didn't have to purchase it
No dumbass , this will lower cost by making insurance companies compete, but democrats are to stupid to realize a good thing
Sch lol    beats the crap out of not having Ins because there are no providers #Useless
You were wrong about how great Obama care would be.
Maybe you are wrong about AHCA.
Funny you didn't seem to care about me and the impact #ACA had on me and my family! I look forward to the new #trumpcare
• Lie
• Lie
• Lie
The Schumer appeal. Asshat.
Mr Schumer. 100s of county's no insurance. Millions looking for help.  And all you do is complain. Quit it. Get to work.
You and your party came up with the failure that is Obamacare senator fake tears you turned your back on the American people you don't care
Don't think so
Quit lying! Those leaving healthcare are leaving due to their own choice, a freedom we demand. ACA limited freedom, mandates will be gone!
So like Obamacare in many way I see
We are counting on the Senate to push for changes.
How about those who have no insurance because insurance companies pulled out of their states? Or the states that have 1 providers?
Do your job.  Don't let it out of the senate
Anything bad to say about Obama Care? Did premiums go up or down for pre existing conditions? Were people able to keep their doctors?
Finally,,, thank God! The first blow to end this insane experiment. My premiums have doubled in 7 years and my deductible is $3000!
someone does there job and you can't understand it lazy democratic's
@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats - thank u 4 putting up a good fight, house! Now Senators, let's tattoo msg on GOP foreheads!
Illegal aliens not entitled.Get them off and there will be plenty of money. @POTUS @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateDems @TheJusticeDept @GOP
Don't let them pass this Chuck
LIAR !!!!!
10s of millions?  Really Chuck?  Exaggerate much? What about my daughter who can't affort her premium let alone get by the deductible!!
Vote NO on #ACA
Your healthcare gets paid by us.. You created this mess, instead of working with them to fix it you sit and BooHOO
You can keep your healthcare=LIE, You can keep your Dr.=LIE You will save money= LIE
You already kicked people off healthcare when you took people who paid their own HC and their own way and gave it to others for free
You are a joke!
And Obama care already did that 
They are laughing as they vote to kill innocent people!!!!
Now I understand why you voted for ACA, you have been on the HILL so long you don't know how the real world works.
Obamacare has so far saved my life.  GOP is trying to kill us all. Will not be able to afford this new plan I am completely disgusted
Idiot
We are the richest country in the world, we can spend money on military weapons that cost billions but nothing on the people who pay for it
I wonder how many if them will feel "mildly nauseous," after casting their vote.
This will make the USA a 3rd world nation, congratulations GOP, you will pay- YOU
Wrong...less gov't, lower rates. ACA is welfare. It enslaves you to the gov't.. Break the chains of centralized control.
There is not 10s of millions on Obama care  please stop spreading fake news
One good thing - they're  giving Americans the Broomstick with which they'll be swept out of Office during Midterm Elections.
Costs are already skyrocketing. People have lost insurance when their carrier went bankrupt. Life expectancy is down. Govt should stay out
Why send costs skyrocketing???? We would love to know how it could possibly get worse than Obamacare
How do you know this, when you could not foresee the impacts of the ACA?
Fear mongering Chuckie Boy at it again. Stop telling your lies and quit obstructing real progress.
And this exactly what the senschumer gave us with Obamacare
Chuck what do I do with this Obama care card I can't use and pay for?
Can't be any worse than Obamacare that's exactly what it did
Thank you Chuck   Exactly what Obamacare did!
HYPOCRITE! UNAFFORDABLE care act pushed me off a plan and required I buy a plan for triple cost & quadruple the deductible.
I called My rep 4 a 2nd time this week & told her 2 #VoteNO on #Trumpcare!
My healthcare has been skyrocketing I can't keep paying what it wants you clown
THIS WILL NOT WORK!  We need to think of the American people, NOT MAKING THE RICH RICHER!
So tell me, @SenSchumer , that costs haven't skyrocketed under Obamacare???  Can you say that with a straight face????
Funny. Obamacare negatively affected me. Shows none of you listen. You could have fixed it without issues. 2 ears 1 mouth. #nobodylistens
No it will not Chuck
What do u know that no one else does?
nothing,I was reminding him of the FAKE bullshit he trys to sell on A daily basis
#GOP has declared war on Americans with AHCA.

And what did OBamacare do Chuck? Attacked small business owners, raised costs on working poor. Your a real peach.
Please learn difference between "your" and "you're" before addressing the Honorable Senator from New York
It's twitter I took the liberty. Empty shot by a simpleton, I can write in 4 languages sir and not a single one is illegal.
Thank you!
Sounds like just what Obamacare did to us
You continue to lie to the public.  Stop jawboning
If Obamacare so good why did Senate/Congress exempt themselves
Totally misleading! Better to have nothing? OC dead in the water
I'll pray that our elected officials start REPRESENTING the people not their wicked parties
Is it true that #trumpcare would consider RAPE a pre-existing condition??
Thank you for fighting this!
YOU & @SenGillibrand have 0 credibility on healthcare! You KNEW plans would cancel under Ocare! #liar
Guess you are a little nervous Chuckie.
we know we know! help!!!!
But, hey, the rich would be richer!!  #notmypresident
DONT DONATE YOUR KIDNEY AFTER YOU REMOVE IT UNDER OBAMA ITS CONCIDERED PRE-EXISTING. HEY SHUMK CHUCK COST IS ALREADY OUT OF CONTROL
Give me the plan YOU enjoy Senator. I trust its a good plan. Thanks.
They don't care. Life only matters when it's unborn in their eyes. Really whose pro life and lets people die????? 
drink???
Chucky you will tell a lie just to keep your brother Oboma care. Try working for us instead of your self just once. Buy glasses that fit
