.@POTUS & Washington GOP should read CBO's report cover to cover, trash #Trumpcare & work w/ Dems on a real plan to costs & care.
The healthcare system was already torpedoed.... perhaps you heard of it... Obamacare?
Is this the same CBO that said Obamacare was a good idea?
It's not "our" Heathcare plan, but u Dems own it. On the way 2 save a sinking ship, u have no compassion on the ppl who r hurt.
@SenSchumer
We are ready to look at single payer options! ACA was an interim step. Onward. Healthcare for all! And all will pay less.
Nope...just the final nail in you reelection Schmucky!!!!
#maga
Not happy with GOP health plan, but Obamacare is no great blessing either.
Where were you big mouth when Obama care was killing the American people financially you keep speaking  lips moving
Oh good, the CBO.  Because they were so accurate the first time around.
I hope so @SenSchumer. Shame on them.
The only ones sabotaging healthcare are Dems. We all know you all want single payer. No socialist programs in USA.
You never cared what CBO said before...guess they said something you like.
Liar! Retire!
I want the CBO score of how many lose health care in 10 years if Obamacare stays in effect.
"Ought" is the key word. GOP rarely does what it ought to do.
We ought to have a party willing to fight for #MedicareForAll
I'm sure you can find something negative about the presidents news conference    No words.  Hmm. Maybe your conscience has you toung-tied
CBO scores don't even make mathematical sense! Another shadow government tool corrupted by Obama & Demwits! Fix using competitive outsource!
Most people don't know what Rubio and GOP have done to sabotage ACA Why don't you speak out and explain? GOP is running a false narrative

Go Trump  and AHA!!
How do you sabotage something that's insanely broken?
No you F****d the health care system.  CBO is a joke just like you.  Thank G-d the ACA will be gone soon.
This is insane:

http://USDEBTCLOCK.ORG 

End of 2008 fiscal year on Sept30 2008 it was at about $8.68 Trillion
USCongress burdening future
Friday's must be pay day for trolls.
Only a single payer system can satisfy all citizens health care issues....please...please ..it saves money and lives
Trumpcare, love the sound of it, something that will actually work, Chuck you have had 8 years to fix and did nothing for American
It should be, but the GOP MUST get those tax breaks one way or another. Trumpcare #3 will be just as bad!  Be ready!
WIN ELECTIONS MUCH CHUCKY BOY!! whahaha after losing all these run off elections you still dont get the msg WE are tired of the disdain
Seems your resistance to fix what is broken "OBAMACARE" is the final nail in the coffin for the democratic partys ability to win elections
No Senator, it is not the final nail I know this and so should you.WAKE THE EFF UP.   get your act together and fight.
You do realize how many insurance companies are pulling out of the #ACA  Marketplace around the country don't you? Work to FIX healthcare.
Pulling out because of repub underfunding and greed...healthcare should be non profit
Don't rely on facts or reality from these robots
Become part of the solution instead of being part of the problem. If you had something to offer that was better where is it?
The constant threats of defunding and uncertainty are already killing #ACA @dems need to find a way to stop #GOP #saveACA
Doesn't look like your policies are very popular Chuckie
Every time Chuckles opens hi mouth comes out.
Oh THIS LIE?
And you trust the info coming from a group who's title has the word congressional in it! Chuck, your ignorance amazes me.
YOUR CLOSET SKELTONS WILL COME OUT SOON!!!
CHUCK YOU ARE AN OBSTRUCTIONIST! CAN'T WAIT TILL THE SKELTON IN YOUR CLOSET HITS THE NEWS
CBO was wrong on Obamacare estimates!  Quit being an obstructionist and actually do something!
You mean un-sabotage...#Obamacare sabotaged, evidenced by the need for #Trumpcare which fall short of completely un-sabotaging...
The CBO has just about as much credibility as the DNC. We need to pass the bill so we can see what's in it.
Obama Care is failing. Get off your lazy bueracratic ass and do something
But, did they address reduction the National Debt?
Montana just proved you wrong. 
#GianforteWin
You sabotaged it with Obamacare. Childish dems run from what they created. No responsibility. CBO was wrong last time. #wewantsinglepayer
God, I hope you're right. And can we tell states to stop killing exchanges now. While Rs have been waving AHCA around, they're gutting ACA.
Chuck get rid of mandate. I can no longer afford insurance under Ocare so you tax me to contribute to others. Crazy dem idea. You pay it.
Remember when Dems said you would all be on Obamacare ? It it was so good, why aren't our politicians all on it? Hypocrite Fool Chuckie
Same #CBOSCORE that said Obamacare was going to lower premiums 2500 a year for average family, seems like all the numbers being used biased
This health care mess.. is poor men fighting for the interests of the wealthy. Average joe is clueless
Na na na na, na na na na, hey hey, goodbye.
CBO score was awesome! Over $100B in savings & returns freedom of choice to all Americans.
The nail n other people coffin speak direct-tell people the truth! Don't beat around the mulberry bush!
Unless Republicans just shove it through no matter what anyone thinks. Just like Dems did with O Care. Remember Chuck? Not ONE R VOTE!
Let's see what the #gop does in the Senate before u celebrate!
and yet is seems people in Montana still vote for them even after they beat people up. WTH is wrong with your countrymen?
All go. We definitely need  an article 5 convention of states.
Senator u destroyed the healthcare system with Obama. Now you can reap what u sow. YOU AND DEMS DID THIS TO AMERICANS  and in 2018 you will
You've done and keep doing everything one could expect from someone who cares little about what is right, the evil is in your face
Ya know the GOP care is not not NOT CHANGING Obamacare. It actually gives more money for things so SHUT UP AND STOP LYING TO UR BASE
I say stop Trumpcare and just let Obamacare implode; its already in its death spiral.  Let it die.
You honestly believe Obamacare is worth saving? That's hilarious!
You should be fired you, crazy pathological liar!
Blah blah blah
Because after all. It's working so well.
You sabotaged the unaffordable care act from the start to force universal gov coverage on all citizens and illegals.
So we should just let Obamacare rot? We don't accept your plan to dump trillions into something we can't afford and economic disaster
We CAN NOT afford to have uninsured in this country
Where is your plan to fix Obamacare?  Your party created this mess.
OUR hahahaha right YOUR HEALTHCARE SYSTEM, YOU DON'T TAKE, YOU AGREED WITH, WENT ALONG WITH, APPROVED IT,WHY DIDN'T YOU FIX IT THEN??????
Why b/c they were so correct for Obamacare?
Cry me a river Chuckles!!!! ELITESTS LIKE YOU ARE THE PROBLEM WITH OUR GOVERNMENT
Thank you Chuck for your service. Blue love from the red state of Florida.
HA  YOU CRYING FOR OBAMACARE
You slime bucket destroyed my health care years ago, you lying slob.
You don't matter #windbag
Please make sure this horrid bill will it pass!
#shutupSchumer
So you are saying GOP should stop and let OCARE fail! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump I think we should do that and see what @TheDemocrats do.
Lies lies lies that's all that comes from your foaming at the mouth!! Give up your salary and benefits then you can talk!!
so sick of your lies unbelievable how low you can go stop lying to people Obama care is dead none of the insurance companies participate
You better step up and help as Obamacare is ready for the dump and your stupidly again be on display for a shit bill, .
Nice try. Face it ur sys is 1 payer. Anti American as u r. This is free market capitalism NOT SOCIALIST. Not a right something u earn
Call it what it is!  DEATHCARE!
It ought to, yes. But will it?
Get the votes "we" need. If they are the Christians they proclaim to be, you shouldn't have any problem. STOP THE INSANITY!
You sabotaged it in 2009. You and the rest of your dem buddies.
The HC system sucks
A thousand minds in DC can't get it right because you all suck and are afraid to work together
Let's hope it is.


Chuckie Chuckie Chuckie when will you quit lying and quit crying. The results are better than the Ohumpa score was and it's an estimate only
Not quite sure how it's ok for those of us near 65, to have our insurance go up over $12,000. I mean seriously?
When's the last time you scored Chucky? Your still a zero!
Are you calling Obamacare a health care system?  If it so good drop your current plan and sign up Chuck
You would think but instead the #GOP is all over social media bragging about the #CBOSCORE proving the #AHCA is better then sliced bread.
Do your job! Act like a man, stop crying wolf !
#failedobamacare
You had your chance and screwed Americans over.
Chucky, call for all Federal elected officials to go onto O'Care. How do so many of you come out of office as millionaires on 200K salary?
Bc we fell asleep and stopped watching them. We let them stop educating kids so they don't see it. Time for it all to stop.
Time for Washington to remember who they work for. Congress shall go onto Obamacare and take a half pay cut. RT it. Change your state
Your communities. Vote them out wake up the people.not gonna work for us and keep us safe then you're out.
Time to show that we elected you to do a job. Not going to do it. Fine YOU'RE OUT PERIOD.  We the People own this country YOU WORK FOR US
We need an article 5 convention of states. Call your congressmen and demand it
And how many people did the CBO say would be on O'care by now?  FAKE SCORE
The only Health Care program that continues to bury the America middle class is the one YOU and Nancy Pelosi passed without reading.
You said it Schumer. It's the Democrats health bill. Not the people's. We just pay an illegal health bill you and your Nazicrats dictated
See! now President trump want's the poor to pay for his Wall! By  cutting there food stamps, and medicate.Mexico don't wanna pay?
Chuck America called they want their country back! Resign!
But they still push on. Or should I say "lie" on?
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHA my kid her health care for her and her family is currently 448& a month on Obama care. That is up  about 600%
Our healthcare did you sign up your family for Obamacare
But it won't be.  It's the GOP's dream!
Yeah, that's the effort. Sabotage healthcare. Politics is silly.
This is the same CBO saying Obamacare would lower our rates by $2,500. Obamacare is a total failure and needs to be replaced with something
Mr. Schumer you're looking for trouble in 2018. You took away HC from millions when you passed Obamacare. Do the right thing!
Read it again still better then the trash you people lied to the American people about
You misspelled salvage.
GOP agenda is against humanity
Then leave Obamacare alone! But if it fails and it's not fair for all DO NOT BLAME the GOP! We the voters are tired of your bickering
Go for peer mediation and get your job done! Tired of the blame game! ENOUGH!
Dont worry chuckie, sooner or later the rinos will drive it to single payer just like you want
Please stop your foolery. Only snowflakes believe in any of your foolery. Please step down and take Nacy and McCain with you.
YOUR HEALTHCARE SYSTEM IS DEAD, AND SO WILL RYAN CARE  BE ALSO, IT'S JUST A REBRANDING OF YOUR SAD MESS
No one is in love with these pirate corrupted ins cos! Just look at their CEO salaries going up every year! They're profitable w/ACA!!
Ought to be but they're going to collude with ins cos to up the pain on us so we have no choice! Why not surprise em n get Universal HC?
And you did such a good job NOT
Oh please same liberal spin go away
You mean our fabulously broken Obama are which ins.companies are running from???   That health care system???
You've already sabotaged it with your lies and corruption
You have already fed us enough lies
No Chuck you guys already sabotaged our system with #Obamacare You put the nail in my healthcare. @realDonaldTrump must fix your mesas.
Your healthcare act #ACA aka #Obummercare is broke. @POTUS will fix it. Remember your plan to make housing affordable by relaxing standards.
COB is a fraud just like u Chuckles. Revisit COB #'S on Obamacare.  Oh and you keep you Dr. such a lie
You failed to mention how the plan reduces premiums,  care to share that Chuck.  Democrats & Obamacare care destroyed our system not this
Oops, you've swallowed the GOP Kool aid, haven't you!

ACA shortfalls are a DIRECT RESULT of GOP funding failures. BLAME THE RIGHT CULPRITS!
Who's kool aid?  Obamacare is an ill conceived house of cards and is crumbling as predicted the free market doesn't require funding
Obamacare is dead and we will bury it soon Chuck
I agree!!
Smear campaign is all you have to offer
Everytime I hear the name Schumer or Pelosi or Comey or (insert Liberal name here) I know the BS is coming.

Why don't you work together for American people to find an great replacement of failed Obamacare
Cronies who r making big $ off the American people. It's a crime.
Sabotage?  Obamacare is a total disaster. U need to get health care out of fed gov and back to free market. But u won't because u have
You liberal goons already sabotaged the HC. Now deal with it. It's failing. You're worse then a little girl. Crying chuckie
Sabotage is the perfect word for Obamacare.
You knew it would fail. You only put it there so it would fail and you can get single payer.
What a Jirk!!!
How about you as Dems come up with a plan to get ppl off Gov assist instead of working towards the qbole country being unemployed on welfare
Chuck Obamacare tanked the healthcare in this Country. State the real facts. The Dems sold us a bill of lies
Compare ACA CBO score now. How does it compare? ACA still failing, deserves to be "sabotaged"
You are right...it ought to be, but knowing the GOP of today, it won't be.  They won't work with Dems or for the American people.
Try again! Chuck has said numerous times he will not sit down with GOP! This needs to stop! Politicians need to learn that they work for us
What are u talking about Obuma care is the worst thing that has happened
