Your argument is without merit. Both points share no reasonable single point except they are tax related. Critical Thinking, USE IT
Millions want to see his tax returns. If there is nothing to hide then why not show them AS he promised??
To use a famous Democrat What Difference does it make now
A big difference. Lying and corruption.
The Dems are just as guilty, Pot+Kettle=Black. And a moot point. Debate the value not the cause.
Yea, except they showed their taxes.
They show you what they want you to see. Trust is earned not expected. There isn't a Dem I can say I respect. Schumer, Warren Pelosi failure
Except we're talking about Trump. And he needs to show his taxes as promised.
How does reforming an already ridiculously complicated system with an easier one with better rates require #Trump to release his returns? 
To see if it benefits him at all. Common sense!
Its painfully obvious a tax break across the board will benefit him in some way shape or form, its stupid to think it wouldn't 
It's the kind of tax break he tries to implement.
Not at all, If #Trump lowers income tax? He wins. If he lowers Corporation tax? He wins. If he lowers Airline Tax? He wins. 
How would lowering corporation tax be a win?? Wth?
We've the most noncompetitive Corp Tax in the world against the EU & Asia, Trump owns a corp that would be a win for him as well as the U.S
Except he can't profit from his policies.
shove it, Schumer! The answer is no.
Millions do care. Or would you rather remain naive? 
Don't care. He's fixing things that the left and right have been breaking for decades. That is why they both hate him. The rats aren't happy
Fixing what exactly??
N. Korea. China. Syria. Iraq. Protest violence. You can't see it because you don't want to but things are going to change rapidly soon.
That doesn't make any sense!
Yeah, cause seeing the Presidents returns is going to be a big help to tax reform.
No, but it will show his dealings and what's going on. Don't be ignorant.
No, it shows what his dealings were.
Really? why is that? Why aren't you trying to help the middle class? Why are you trying to block anything/everything good he is doing?
At the risk of sounding rude or disrespectful - I'm tired of pols like you- that statement was disingenuous at BEST!
What in the world does one have to do with the other? The Russian #FakeNews didn't work so onto tax returns? You are so shallow
Wrong, Sir. He should listen to Herman Cain, "bottom 50% GOT NO SKIN IN DA GAME!"

Legal Asian immigrants now American Law abiding citizen support Pred Trump. Schumer, Pelosi. Warren/ hateful DemocRATS.
Didn't you already lose this battle on Election Day? Do something worthwhile for the American people!
Like Obama releases his REAL birth Cert? Ha!
Why?
TRUMP AINT RELESING TAX RETURNS. NOTHING YOU DEMS CAN DO ABOUT IT. HE RICHER THEN YOU AND SCHIFF,THAT CAN BE RELEASED.
How is that going to help anyone u liberal hack!! #MAGA
Except, he’s not serious about helping the middle class, and we know it.
How exactly do you know it??  Exactly? You #ChickenLittlePsychics are laughable!!
Nice - but we need Constitutional Amendment for term limits. Chuckles Schumer is the poster boy for term limits.
Couldnt think of a better poster child. Maybe Maxine & Nancy
Yep! He's not going to do *hit! Trump ran on lies and Putin helped. The end!
Libtard
Good recap of Trump's hourly image! Never changes unless it's worse!!
God bless & protect Pres Trump from evil doers & LIARs. LEGAL IMMIGRANTS now American aniding citizens support Pres Trump MABUHAY
Cause he falls into the middle class? Or because you have no interest in trying to work w/ him on anything to improve our U.S. The next 4yrs
@SenateDems Connection?????
That goes for you, too!
for what? that doesn't help anything.
@NYGovCuomo please, please, please...do something w Sen Schumer. Maybe some retraining on working w others? How 2 serve the ppl? Fairness?
I'm calling you out: what have you done to alleviate our suffering which our government-you- have burdened us with?
How about Obama 8 yrs failed Pres, from 8T debt to 20T, 1.7 Billion $ to Iran, that said Death to American, lied about Syrian.
Agreed!
He pays more dollars and a greater percentage in tax than any president in history. He uses the tax laws the Dems put in place. So screw you
If you didn't know he is not middle class. I don't care about his tax returns invest ments
Then get off  your ass and help him instead of making it look like the whole democrat has a agenda which is to destroy Trump Shame on you I
WTF do tax returns have to do with anything? Crazy Chucky.
I didn't hear you raising so much hell when we wanted obama to give up his birth certificate. Crawl back in your hole
Chick this statement is so bogus. I know that many Americans are stupid but not all of us
I love it when Trumpers call others stupid and mangle spelling and grammar.   Makes their IQ self evident.
Who give a damn about his tax returns? Holy crap Chuckie boy. Get a life!
What the heck does his tax returns have to do with real tax reform?
To see if it benefits him. Duh
Obama's politicized IRS has had #TrumpTaxes the whole time. They have far more power holding them and perpetuating public doubt.
Can we finally get a look at Meredith McIver too? (Please RETWEET) #TaxMarch #TrumpTaxes
after watching that I recommend reading DNC emails, Podesta emails, & HRC speeches to Wall Street. That's a MSM also-fail.
are you a birther by any chance?
no.
but you support trump?
after reading 300 hours of the corruption & media collusion in the emails, he is clearly the lesser of evils. 
I'm a Dem.
he's a sack of shit - a disgusting human being. it has nothing to do with politics.
That all you got chuckie? That the extent of the Democratic party? Demand and then stomp your widdle feet? The Dems have done nothing.
We the people ARE TIRED and broke. You're not!
Being serious about tax reform does not require him to release his tax returns. Next week you guys will go back to bitching about "Russia"
I and others are struggling to survive while pols such as yourself live high all the while hide yourselves from us.
You should care. You're being naive.
I think we all know Trump doesn't give a shit about the middle or working classes. He only cares about enriching himself and his buddies.
sad part is;it's old news.There's a reason why his hometown has so much disdain toward him.He's a known grifter.
Not to mention, the evidence has been rife for decades. His supporters turn a blind eye to it all.
I had friend that worked with him years ago. Even then he was described as "idiot savant" and "raving narcissist"
I tend to describe him as a megalomaniac with a god complex. I think it's pretty accurate. :P
You are so self centered Schumer   Your jealous because President is doing a good job and you can't
How would that reform anything?
His bottom line isn't mine and doesn't affect it.... Tax reform could when politics is set aside.
Why would he reform the tax code fairly if he's not paying any? No reason to hide returns if he's playing by the rules.
I don't care about President Trump tax return!
Yawn.  What else?
Why don't you stop stirring the pot. AT THIS POINT, WHAT DOES IT MATTER.
If you are seriously considering he is not impeachable by now, tax reform is moot.
there you go again Chuck, acting like a child ... Fix the Country
Our President is not middle class.He paid more in one year than you will make in your lifetime. Maybe if you ever held a real job you'd know
Schumer, the American People don't care about Trump's tax returns!  You are beating a dead horse!  Do something worth while for a change.
We the people deserve better. So if you're serious, stop the identity politics and let's get tax and health care done. For the 1st for once!
Meant "for the people first for once". People say the left or the right are ruining this country. When it really POLITICS that's ruining it!
Chuck pandering to the college students for votes. You could care less. Worry about NY IT IS A MESS !
Amen
Where is your tax return Chuck?
Don't worry, if the IRS saw he was doing buisness in Russia, your team in the IRS would have leaked that by now. That we do know. 
Doubt tweeting will compel him to do that. Any other plans?
You should just do your damn job and stop with the whining and complaining over everything
who cares trouble maker do your job pick on real criminals like the clintons they broke several laws and obama did too.
True. But you know he has zero interest in helping anyone but the 1%...right?
A cop out Chuck. POTUS tax returns doesn't let me keep money. Only two things to be paying fed taxes for, infrastructure and security.
Chuck, you're talking like there's 'business at hand' with the #illegitimate @realDonaldTrump #treasonous #traitor Nope. it's about #Treason
LOL......Serious??? Oh, Senator, that's laughable. He will play this game for four yrs. How abt Ivanka's deals over dinner with China's Prez
Moronic logic
How is that important to tax reform? You sound more like crazy Pelosi every day!
Potus has dementia and is mentally unable to serve as president. SOS
Didn't some ugly young man on MSNBHEEHAW release his taxes?
He is only serious about greed. No matter how rich he gets he will always be a lying loser to me.
Don't give a rat's ass about the returns--DTJ is insane/has frontal lobe dementia, & is the biggest doucher on the planet. Get him out now.
One has nothing to do with the other Chuckie Boy. Grow up and act like an adult and help American, instead of tearing it apart.
Delusional Don will only release his tax returns after court order or other legal requirements mandate him 2 do so.  Bad hombre.
To illustrate the loopholes he exploits that need to be eliminated.
Chuck please release your tax returns   Americans need to be sure you pay a 25%+ effective tax rate and more than your fair share
release your ties to turkey and then ask for his returns
Everyone in America agrees with this statement except Donald Trump and because the worst president in history refuses to comply impeach him!
All you do is whine Chuck.  Could you be any more pathetic? How about you start doing your damn job, snowflake? #MAGA
Grow up. I don't care about his returns. Where are yours?
Chuckie what is your and the Dems obsession to get POTUS tax returns? Who cares?
I don't care about anyone's tax returns..
That's your opinion, I do
This is true Donna,long time Twitter friend, I meant no harm and respect everyone's opinion
Don't worry chicks idot
Please stop whining and just #doyourjob and get over it.
How does that help me?
Not related.
Raise your hand if you think @SenSchumer would vote for Trump's tax reform if  Trump releases his tax returns.
How in the world would that help tax reform for the middle class! 
#doyourjob
Where was this outrage over Obama's birth certificate? Over Hillary's emails? Seems hypocritical to me.
Get over it Chucky!  Instead, investigate Chucky Nutty Schumer!
Give it up already Chuck.
there is no relation
If u are serious about being a senator maybe start doing something productive
Chuckie, go back to the Russia angle. Why did you and @NancyPelosi abandon this claim! @POTUS is running circles around you both.
Schmuck.
He will release his returns if you will admit to sucking Michelle O's dick on many occasions.  Deal?
And he won't give them the opportunity to do it. The end. Thank you. And goodnight!
.@SenSchumer LOL! Just like @BarackObama released his complete college transcripts? We have a right to know his alleged educational prowess.
Him
He's using this card to his advantage. He knows his taxes are clean, it's just that the left wants to try and embarrass
The left up a utility pole.
And now Trump is playing the same card again. He won't ever release them and he doesn't have to, but it's sure driving
Not being a US citizen.
Trump is using this play. I've read up on business tactics. It's simple. Trump got on the nerves of the left w/ Obama
What DIFFERENCE does it make? He's president Chuck. Go home
Chuck Schumer is living proof multitudes of idiots live in large metropolitan areas..
Why, Chuck?  U want to fix the tax code to help Trump pay less taxes?  why?
Truthfully Chuck I could careless about Trumps tax return .
@NancyPelosi @SenateDems @HouseDems @SenateGOP Pelosi been in Congress 29 years & has never released her taxes
Release your taxes chuck
Get a box of tissues
If he's serious about buy/make American he should start by making his products in the US.
100% Correct!
And you should show me where the POTUS releasing his tax returns is a Constitutional requirement.
Chucky likes to verbally abuse women.  A real mans man hey Chucky
fake news chucky.  His tax returns have nothing to do with the issue.  U r a phony politician, looking only to excite your base
Business AND personal. He can't be trusted and CLEARLY hiding a lot. Otherwise, why no taxes, why no visitor logs for 5 years after term up?
Please just shut up
It's not a requirement chuckie. Tell you what,make term limits a priority there chuckie. Stop putting it off
Not sure how the two are related.  Trumps returns don't help mine.
Your a sexist and need to resign
Do you have any issues, or just more BS talking points?
Get over it Chuck. No one cares
who cares only u
Same old Blah! Blah! from U Schumer a lot nothing but Hot Air!!
You, sir, are the poster boy for how pathetic @TheDemocrats are!
Nope first is repeal Obummer care
Thank you Senator Schumer. I fear his tax cuts won't be for US, only his boloneys oops cronies. If he had one iota of integrity he'd reveal.
These two things are not related. He should release his tax returns because that is a responsibility of Presidential candidates.
Release yours. I don't car one bit about his taxes. That crazy news woman who is an idiot showed how tax he paid that yr.
Really? You are going to put pressure on Americans to pressure Trump to release his tax returns? Your screwing Americans for your politics?
Impeach
Well said!!!
We should all be fairly certain #TRUMP isn't serious about anything that doesn't benefit/enrich himself or his cronies.
What have you done for NYS today? Nothing like always! Stop campaigning against Trump. You will never be able to not be corrupt. You hate NY
One has nothing to do with another.. More BS from the Chief Obstructionist!
We need a flat tax
liberals only have a upper house    Use the Middle class and bullshit the lower class
@57_aharrison 
HERE, HERE
He's not.
Chuckles! What have we said about opening your mouth!?! Bad boy, bad!
Senator you all really worry alot about tax returns. He is a businessman...now next year he will release after a year in office. Duh!
I don't care about his taxes. Stop being an obstructionist!
But he won't! How much $$ is litigation of lawsuits against his immoral behavior?He's trying to hide it & make it a tax deductible issue!
Maddow already proved Trump pays more taxes than you Senator Schmuck
Shut up Chucky! You would starve if you had to work for a living.
Why would potus45 do your oppo research for you?  Democrats are so lazy, you can't even do this yourself!
Pleae find something that the American people give two shits about. Thus is not it  move on. Again the American people don't care
Lots of us still care even more now that #russiagate shows so much collusion!
Thank you Senator! We must keep up the pressure for transparency!
Yes no tax reform till he shows his taxes
If you were serious about tax reform you would have past it in the million years you have been in Congress.
No tax reform until we see his taxes so that we can be sure that we are not just benefiting him or his family.
If they are released, you're gonna look like an ass when you see how many millions he pays...
Tell Him & Others Over And Over Chuck. Don't Back Off From This Insane Monster!!!
Your just obstructing, his financials provide more info like net worth , businesses , controlling interest ,
That just stupid ,,you can look at the legislation and see how it will help , what his taxes going to tell you ?
Lets see yours chucky boy
Like that's going to help anyone why don't you get to work for the American people and stop worrying about other people's tax returns
Give it a rest.
So now it's his tax returns. What happened to your Russia narrative? You look like a fool & are hurting this country. Term limits
Please. NO @realDonaldTrump tax returns, NO Dem cooperation.
He is not qoing to show the taxes, let go there's other things we need to keep an eye out for.
Let's see yours Chuckie!
Seeing POTUS tax return doesn't help me there Chuck. Getting rid of wasteful programs does! #DoYourJob
Yes he should
Thanks, Chuck.
Not going to happen crying Chuck, will wait till 2020 election to release. Be an easy win after that. Disprove your bull shit.
He MUST provide complete tax returns so we know beyond a shadow of a doubt he's not benefitting himself & his family! 
SEEMS ODD THAT YOU WOULD SACRIFICE AMERICA'S FUTURE FOR DONALD TRUMP'S PAST.?  WHO IN THE WORLD DO YOU REPRESENT.?
Have U released yours SCHUMER??
#fakenews from boring hypocrite #FakeSenator #draintheswamp #TermLimits #Resign #SchumerMakesAmericaSick
I can't wait until he throws his tax returns in yours and Pelosi's face so you can see that he has been Playing you both !! Just give it up!
Why don't you get a life let the president do his job, We true American people will not vote for Democrats again
Really? We don't care. We want all of you in Washington to get our work done. We will remember all those who play games with the people.
