Goldman Sachs needs a FBI investigation.
What do you think @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @SenFeinstein ?
Term limits got you all. We need new people
@SenSchumer work together!  The small business owners need some tax relief!!!
No they don’t they drank the Kool-Aid. They do not allow themselves to think rationally or use previous experience. They are now full-fledged, gold blood in their veins,Trumpkins.
Just words Chancy... Put all the income and all the expenses in a report and make it visible to tax payers. We can show u what to cut.
CHUCK TELL THE TRUTH! A BALANCED BUDGET with NO SLUSH FUNDS WOULD
Munchkin owes money for his plane ride. Did the other jerk pay up yet??
All you guys have been getting a free ride down there. That’s not the worst of it. You do shit while your there and you think it’s a party. That’s not what Democratic Party and the Republican Party means. This ain’t no Party. This is called work ! You ever hear of it. WORK
Ur missing the growth factor.  Ur party failed to pay for itself with high taxes.
You mean the bankrupted Goldman Sachs?  Yeah, you just keep believing them.  Bet you don't have any money in one of their accounts.
Chuckie has obstructed everything congress has put together in order to deligitmize Trump. The transparency is a killer
i’m sure chuck you are so much more expienced and wise in this area...get a job!!
Really u have this info directly from them I think not open mouth lies come out America this guy is r biggest enemy of r country
Yes it will. It’s called growth. You probably don’t remember what it looks like since it has been 10 years since we have seen it. Stop lying
Schumer, please resign and stop lying to middle class Americans
#fakenews
The all know that there is no benefit to the people of the United States. Just for the rich. Don't have to "earn" anymore. You can steal it.
It is insane for Americans to believe drain the swamp while the tenants of W/H are the real GoldmanSachs personnels
It will if you repeal ACA!
Why does it have to pay for itself? You don't have a right to all the money in the US.
Then why would one even propose such a tax plan do unto as u would have done unto yourself
Re: POTUS nominations that require Senate approval - why not a law that says Senate has 90 or 180 days to vote up or down. If no vote nomination is approved.  With this Garland would likely be on SCOTUS today.
You keep operating the govt like you have for the last 8 years your right. However under Trump the govt can work for the people vs it’s self
Spending needs to be cut you clown! Also, if you don't admit that revenue has gone up when past admins have cut taxes you're lying!
The GOP tax plan will pay for itself just like the invasion of Iraq would pay for itself in oil.
Cut out the SLUSH FUNDS, BALANCE the BUDGET! Your family can take a pay cut like you forced on the average American for the last 8 years!
no GOP tax plan has ever paid for themselves. The wrong people get the breaks
Continue your great fight FOR THE PEOPLE! Call out the DOTARD and his followers every single time they attempt to screw the people! Thank U!
NFL players disrespecting our flag is NOTHING compared to Schumer kneeling on our throats for votes. He is the enemy.
@SenSchumer Don't you thank you should step down like everyone wants you to. To most of everyone thank so. Use some common sense.
Schumer's entire twitter page is in opposition to everything this administration is trying to accomplish.
Of course they do but also know their supporters aren't smart enough to figure it out
Why does it have to pay for itself? Govt is bloated and can use some cuts to pay for it.
Then quit spending so much damn money Chuckie!!
Chuck, how long have you had your head in the toilet.Long time.
A great idea would be if those who support schumer dont get tax relief!? That will save the budget! Will they be ok with that?
It's not suppose to pay for itself. It will work you need to spend less.


Hey Chuck, wait... I thought you said GoldmanSachs was bad and top 1%ers! And you of all people take their word? Your pockets must be full
It's just an unfunded tax cut which will raise the deficit.
And trump would never beat Hillary. Still believing in other predictions is a waste of time unless it supports ur negative positions
Or all these "dogs" can just be kenneled!? We run show people, your fault for laying down.
@stevenmnuchin1 #GaryCohn
2nd & 3rd chair shellists.
Rrrriiiigggghhhhhtttt Chucky Cheese. Rrrriiiigggghhhhhtttt.
Tax cuts only for republican registered voters.
Chuck stop polling companies that pay you. NY is doomed thanks to years of you and Andrew. The rest of the country will prosper
How does Chuck sleep at night?
@SenSchumer what you guys passed under Obama didn't pay for itself either! In fact, it put us in $20T in debt. Quit lying!!
So come up with a proposed solution! Tired of politicians pointing fingers and thinking that is accomplishing something.
As long as the solution does not involve Roy Moore who may increase minimum wage
STOP LYING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE CHUCK 
i'm sure you'll be able to convince your constituents they don't want a tax cut.they want to keep giving you more of their money.
after all i'm sure they realize you need it more than they do.
I truly, in my heart, wish you'd drop the progressive act or return to true progressivism that built the party. If U & UR ilk do not we lose
Thus, they KNOW the real plan is to cut taxes for their donors and buddies. Sad
Please forward your tax plan for comparison.
Hey Chris, can you explain how Steve Mnuchin, a man who foreclosed on active duty military homes, represents Draining The Swamp?
Are you forwarding the plan for @SenSchumer ?
That's a strange answer to my question. Now that you mentioned it, I could spend one day and write a better tax plan than the GOP.
Your question is/was off topic. Since you offered send your tax plan tomorrow.
Sounds good. I'll write it on a napkin, because I've been told that's the best way to tackle our complex tax code.
and it won't pass without the dems,which will never happen
2018 is right around the corner. Never say, “Never.”
So much swamp draining
The only reason these 2 still haven't been fired or quit.  They have to give a tax cut to Trump and Goldman Sachs.  Truly outrageous
comes to finance i will always take their word over yours chucky

THE WHITE ELEPHANT PARTY CHARGES AHEAD OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. ..Who Needs The IQ Test? ???..PS Super Bowl & Winter Olympics Cancelled
Prove it
