Trump is not faithfully executing the law of the land. #Impeach45
US Constitution, Article 2, Sect 3, clause 5: "the president shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed"
I blocked that Packer guy. He's another willfully ignorant trumpkin. Don't want to waste my time.
It just takes too much time & energy to show those trump loons the truth. They always blurt out "fake news" to anything they disagree with.
Don't hold your breath - Republicans aren't decent enough to do this.
But Dems are is what you are implying?
Not implying anything - just stating facts.
Plus the Dems never sabotaged the health care markets.
They didn't have to, the whole thing was unsustainable from the get go.  No need for Dems to do anything.
Nope - states that cooperated r having much lower premium increases than states that didn't - despite the sabotage
What we should be discussing is how and why healthcare costs so much.
I agree - but I don't want millions of ppl to lose their health coverage in the mean time.
Actually best way to improve healthcare is to implement a #Singlepayer system that guarantees everyone care & eliminates expensive middlemen
Who is going to pay for this coverage?
The money exists: instead of paying premiums we pay taxes, but spend less b/c not funding CEO compensation and Ins Co profits.
So what if I pay for my own healthcare and do not want to pay for someone else's?
1) your selfish; 2) whole country suffers bc we could have better productivity and lower costs if you weren't selfish
This is also a bit absurd. Roads, police, military, water, libraries, schools are all collectively funded, even if some don't use/like
That is because these things make country function better and everyone benefits. Same with healthcare.
What if I don't care about everyone else?  Who says I have to?
Like you did when you gave us the crap??   You can keep your doctor though 
HaahaahaaaaaaaLike that will even ever happen. Lol
Repeal Obamacare! No one payer socialized medicine.  Able bodied people are on Medicaid!
Bipartisan my ass, you have no idea what you're talking about  @SenSchumer you have been nothing but trouble
Please vote NO on Trumpcare--it is just unAmerican.
YOUR OBAMACARE SABOTAGED THE FREEDOM OF OUR COUNTY WITH IT'S SOCIALISTIC TAX GOVERNMENT RUN BULLCRAP! REMEMBER YOU ALL DID THIS TO US!
Just Repeal
Bipartisan? I must have missed that when Obamacare got shoved down our throat without a single GOP supporter.
DEMS werent bipartisan in passing ACA. Pelosi marching in Capitol as if queen passing judgment. Disgusting. Neither party has my vote. 3/
Is that the healthcare bill that dem's passed in the middle of the night, in order to read what's in it?
Halfwit @SenSchumer imagines to have the 'only' solution to healthcare. What a dope. *ONE* of the best solutions is for gov to get out of it
Time 4us Dems 2roll up our sleeves nicely put Reps in the corner bc that's where they belong &start taking charge of all aspects of govern'n
the Dems  should push to STOP the DANM WASTE in Healthcare& STOP paying for SEX CHANGE OPERATIONS for MURDERS & BAD SOLDIER
Who are you shut up and leave Trump alone your problem is not with him it's with GOD!!!!! Give him time gesh he just got in office
God has nothing to do with it. Trump has a Napoleon complex. We are dirt to him!
You are not dirt ok i don't think you're dirt.
I give up!
There are no left. we should just let it colaps. No comprimise when there are conditions to that comprimse.
The only way to improve HealthCare is to Repeal Obama care and the Government out of the insurance business. Competition make it better.
you Dems  should first repeal that PUNISHMENT PENALTY MANDATE TAX !STOP making one group of hurting PPL pay for OTHER sit on a**
You need to come to the table in good faith and stop hour bullshit.
Wah, wah,wah
Hahaha! Wooow such a good idea to be #nonpartisan ...it is your deal they are trying to fix.
That's the right thing to do but wait this new administration is just disgusting and selfish. 
#keepfighting
You can say this about everything associated with the Trump Administration.
Why did you destroy healthcare?    You shame NYS
Yeah - just like you did when you rammed socialized medicine down our throats.  Deep reflection necessary while in political wilderness.
The market was sabotaged when you gave the American people Obamacare! Repeal the whole entitlement!
We can always go to a Trump Hotel. (Emergency Room paid by the federal reserve.)
No it's to abolish Obamacare and turn it over to the free market

Now deleted. Chuck Schumer accidentally tweeted Don't Make America Great Again 
Republicans need to understand they can not control the cost of premiums by shrinking the #healthcare market, simple economics.
The marketplace was in collapse long before Trump. Ridiculous!
The exchanges are in full collapse. Just ask Anthem BCBS.
Thats because the Republican Party courted the insurance companies with deregulation, if they won.
They gave everyone of them a tax break for "LOYALTY"
I feel if there was a political compass I would want to be northish. We need to talk in the middle. There are too many of them. It's a cult.
Thank You!  Now.. Say that one million more times on camera. That would help. Talking to Swamp boat Jimmy, remember? Your weird.  Remember?
Can't trust dems who declare they RESIST as a way of legislating. Lazy. Shameful.
Why are the dem's not following Hillary's comment & doing the Democratic thing & accepting election outcome? Rioting and fake stories???
You sabotaged insurance companies by subsidizing them with taxpayers monies.
Bipartisan support is a must. @SenShumer.
Bipartisan like you fools did with with that failure called obama care.
Charley you are like a broken record you and Cory Try to get some brains
Senator Schumer I beg you to stop your b s and start doing your job and start working with President Trump our country would appreciate it
I think you Democrats have already destroyed the marketplace
The only way to get good insurance for America is the free market
That'll never happen. They will continue to degrade the ACA and then blame it on Obama as that's their only motivation.
When you take away or threaten the stabilizing elements (individual mandate, subsidies), it is degraded.
Good sir, we have a mad man in the Oval Office. "Bipartisanship" is the last of our problems, and this kind of talk is pathetic.
Sorry, but about healthcare, Dead, I think you're mistaken. The GOP must work with the DEM to fix ACA.
Meant to untag you, Ellen! So it's wild you responded! Been trying to get into this practice.
My only argument here is that Dems should be in an obstructionist stance at this point, in my opinion. Personally, I believe only rational/
way forward on HC is Single Payer.
I agree but...it was difficult before (when HRC wanted to do it) and difficult now.
I keep thinking how ironic it would be that this clusterfuck of an administration might enable it. 
The fact that people are even discussing it now is...interesting.
Your Obamacare forced me off my healthcare and into Medishare. Thanks for nothing hypocrite
Not just stop future sabotage, but roll back past measures meant to sabotage the ACA from the beginning.
Like eliminating the whole thing altogether.  We agree on that.
obama care being destroyed by trump and GOP
You really need to educate yourself. Smh
I did that's why I know several signing papers by trump cut off funds 4 Obamacare 2 help GOP excuse. Not 2 smart
OBAMACARE was already failing during Obamas presidency. Such brain dead sheep. Smh
Dem should not settle for less than a gov option in the Market Place. If you want affordable option in market place, u need Medicare at 55.
Let's do retirement too at 55, also solves unemployment problem.
Great argument - I'd add spending to the list of economic advantages: older workers save $, young people spend which boosts the economy.
would love to see statistics on how long people live if they retire at 65 or older. full retirement is for Boomers is 66, everyone else 70!
How long does one have quality life is even more important
I agree. only had 140 characters to work with!!
IMO health, well-being, social life, money are larger factors than working (unless work gives you those things$.
Do those who retire early live longer? - BBC News
@SenSchumer what's your position on #SinglePayer health care?
Whats yours?
I've been reading up on and I'm trying to gather more information. I feel like the sites I'm looking at are very pro #singlepayer so I'm...
Not getting a very unbiased evaluation of the cons. My 1st reaction is, why wouldn't we do single payer? And my gut answer is BC the ppl...
In gov don't want the restrictions of having to accept the same health care I/we would have BC the implication is that it would not be...
Very good... I think it could be looked at from a different perspective. If they are forced to participate in the same program made...
Available to us, they would make sure it was a good program! If you think about it we already have programs that operate as #singlepayer ...
Medicaid, Medicare, even the program that the folks in gov participate in is #SinglePayer paid for with tax $.  Besides higher taxes, I...
Trump needs to be impeached ASAP, surely we have enough dirt to do that.  Trump and his ill- gotten presidency is an imminent threat to USA.
U charlie are a hypocrite. Ocare is designed to destroy markets to achieve a single payer/socialised medicine.
@GregAbbott_TX and his supporters seem to think Tax payer money is meant to cause others harm, & he's who they paid to exact it. #txlege
Your a joke
Plus, if members of congress participated in the plan instead of opting out confidence in the plan would increase.
When have you n fellow Dems. , worked  a bipartisan way with POTUS Trump on healthcare?
I think you mean the democrats need to work with republicans your a disgrace
Only way to improve health care is to get rid of all #DEMLiers #VoteOutDemocrats

Please explain to me how they are doing this. Obamacare is driving them out
Democratic Party lead by chuck and Nancy (ny and San Fran ) represents the elites coast not America.
Blame Obama not Trump the Dems need to get their heads out of their ASS
Y'all don't want to work with GOP
@HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @SenateDems @SenateGOP How difficult is it really to put Americans first?!! Get on with it!
Liar!!!!!! #fakenews
We love you, Chuck; but you have to get on board with Sen. Sanders, Sen. Warren and a few others with single-payor universal health care.
You own this mess
Actually he asked for ur help, unobstructed. U need deregulate it like u did with phone and airlines. (Carter and Reagan) learn economics
Chuckey, you are such fool. If you hate my country please leave.
only way to get this done right is to have Congress & Senate to be covered by the same insurance the rest of us are  = better coverage 4 all
Because you were bipartisan when you had control? You ruined the healthcare system beyond repair. Admit it.
Universal healthcare
really?! how bout govt  put all American's on the same plan govt wkers have, the premium discount would be BIG because the more the cheaper
Aca was collapsing before the election. Schumer you're a disingenuous hack
By bipartisan, you mean how obamacare was shoved down everyone's throats?
Marketplace is sabotaging long time ago S.R. with health insurance monopoly that's you not talked about it making people obligated insurance
Get rid of the shitty Obama disaster
Com I g from you liberals that is rich
No the only way to improve healthcare is by removing all these cronies from the WH.
" sabotaging marketplaces"
Obamacare was the biggest sabotage on the marketplace ever. You created this mess, Schumer.
28million uninsured.Can't afford Obamacare.10 million insured thru exchanges.Insurers losing money. Where have you been?
Another 14 million on extended Medicaid. Federal outlays skyrocketing.Fraud is rampant.Where have you been? A mess!!
The only way to improve healthcare is to get you and the rest of the swamp government out of it and our doctor's office.
senators YOU own #obamacare stop lying / imploding under its own weight
You suck!  I hope and pray you get voted out next election, you are the problem with government. Take Pelosi with you!
As soon as the GOP bill fails,have ready a bill of Ocare fixes. Have the CBO score addl no. with insurance.Be prepared&positive.@tomperez
RNC asking for Hillary's plan -one crazy act of desperation!  7 mos and no substantial legislation! Wait til
Election 2018!
Sabotage story needs more press
Single payer is the only sane way out of this mess.Wake up!
Too bad bipartisan isn't in any of your obstructionist vocabularies; what exactly do u stand for anyway? Oh I know; NOTHING! Ur gonna lose!
2make it work in the states where its not and help those who voted forTrmpNot talking about the rich ones.They can use their $ to buy health
There is one fn obvious thing that everyone seems to miss is that there are some states that Ocare is actually working. So y not just fix it
Exactly can not keep sabotaging Obama Care
Need to work with democrats
Healthy ppl improve economy,sick ppl don't produce /cost money gov.
TY for fighting the good fight
How about just moving to single payer or Medicare?
Blah Blah Blah
Sabotaging, ALL THIS WAS DONE BY OBAMACARE...
The problem is that Gods using Trump to put things back in order and you satan followers can't stand it. Your days are numbered Satan!!!!!!
No, is for you to retired and????.Haven't you done enough damage to N.Y. I left n 1982, because of your ignorance @terrymendozer @larryelder
Where was your bi-partisan attitude when the ACA was passed?
@SenSchumer, you and the Democratic Party must stop trying to convert Republicans and voters and work on the Obamacare on your own.
Chuck you and democrats are 100% to blame for healthcare disaster stop with the lies . This is why y'all lost BIGGLY
I'm sure your love for the "marketplaces" has nothing to do with the bribes you take from the medical and insurance industry.
Wish yall would lose the denial and get in the game of fixing the problem
Wow thought Obama got it perfect....
You spend more time on Twitter than Trump does. Both of you guys are blockheads
But how do we get Republicans to accept that REPEALING OCare is a mistake, and that it can be fixed?
#schumerresign. #freethemarketplace
I agree. Hope @TheDemocrats are working on solutions in addition to resisting. Don't make the same mistake as the @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP
Privatize the markets and allow citizens to buy what THEY want not what YOU want them to have. It's called #Liberty
He's sabotaging everything.
stop promoting #socialist ideas. Providers offering plans nationwide is what we need. State plans drive failure. #freethemarketplace
Only to improve anything right now is get rid of your butt   You need impeached
The only way to fix health care is to get rid of the profit portion. We need a single payer system like every other industrialized country
How about stopping the mergers and takeovers that are making monopolistic health care corporations even more so?
Good blame shifting chuckle Obama Care ran us off a cliff
You must speak more clearly and more forcefully to Americans and explain who is killing the ACA. The message is your weapon and the truth.
Got to definitely work in a bipartisan way to impeach or use 25th Amendment to get him out of office before he starts WWlll.
Work together
The "elites" at FOX/PRAVDA are propping up the destroyer of the ACA. They are complicit in their treachery to the American People.
It cuts both ways. As long as the majority of politicians stubbornly insist on one problem, one solution (MINE!) we'll never get past this.
Democrats need to come up with a plan since the Republicans don't have one!
He doesn't want a healthy workforce.
The GOP approach could destroy the industry they are trying to enrich.
After the constant obstruction? Nice try!
How is Trump Admin "sabotaging" failing marketplaces?
How about the rumors that @RandPaul has convinced Trump that repeal WITHOUT replacing is the best option?
Or to eliminate the marketplace all together and just provide insurance directly

Pls work on a public option, that's a must to keep the rates on exchanges low & to guarantee having at least one insurer.
Just like the ACA "negotiations?"
Sen Schumer, you are the most biased, crocodile teared phony in Congress. Nice putting it on the President. You don't want to work with him
@CoryBooker #AmendAndFix
Chuck ur crazy as Hell. Obama care is exploding. That's all on Democrats and where the Hell was bipartisan when y'all were doing back room
Bribes with ur Obama. Then Obama called it horse trading. Come on down to Texas we will teach u what the Hell horse trading is.
please resign now and then I will be happy to chuck
What did you do when the costs of ACA crippled the middle class & crushed the poor? Nothing as usual - all politics.The hell with the people
Providers decided to leave based on last year's revenue, when Obama in charge
Yeah because you losers did such a swell job on the ACA. Said no one with a sane mind!
No, only way is your way! We did your way. Didn't work. Now it will be our way.
...Let's work together to FIX existing healthcare system...PLEASE...
- I'm with her
What part of 19T in debt do you not comprehend. There is no such thing as Free. Someone is paying for it.
your a joke and the democratic's division of our country along with all the lies will have a disaster out come
Plus more. Start counting our dumb human deeds.
Follow the biblical advice on food and life matters and we will need less health care. 2. Stop explosion of bombs.  Air travels.
#ACA  #FixItDontNixIt
Yes!  Time for GOP to MAGA and #FixItDontNixIt !
staffer for @SenBobCorker said yesterday you flat-out refused to work with repubs on healthcare. Just FYI - please correct!
Where was this "willing to work together" when the ACA was created?  #GarbagePolitics
Chuck, this would be more convincing if you were crying while saying it.
That means you will SCREW the middle class and middle class will NEVER have health insurance!
Please please pretty please
LOL WHAT !! WORK TOGETHER not you
NIX-RR-BUSH-TRUMP-ETC GOP DEA WAR FASCIST SWAMP CRIMINAL HYPOCRITES,PARENTS G-PARENTs,DOWNES ETC $MILs"GOP" SOCIAL SEC"TAKER"MIL&BILIONAIRES
You have no problem with DeBlasio in Germany? Slain officer, homeless, train derailment and an absentee Mayor! NY is a MESS!
The marketplace was falling apart before Trump took office. Are you trying to re-write history?
I don't like Venezuela, I love America. Over 20 trillion in debt. doesn't support entitlements. You are not good at math Chuckie. Resign !
This meme is not for you
so kind of sounds like the sabotaging that Obamacare did to the Healthcare industry @BrackObma @Brackobama18
@SenateDems  well Schumer be a real Senate minority leader and be a little proactive and insert your self you political hack!
ACA only added more to Medicaid at the expense of the middle class taxes while their  premiums & deductables skyrocket. ACA sucks for us.

Surprised your not with DeBlasio rioting at the G20
@POTUS Mr President, How does the LEFT get away with turning a Lie into the truth, and the truth into a LIE ??? Make America Great Again
Chuck,tell me how does the LEFT get away with turning a Lie into the Truth,and the truth into a lie?Maybe the RIGHT should learn this trick
Plz run for president in 2020. We need u in as president. Donald trump is a foolish idiot, who only cares about rich people and whites. Plz!
The best thing that could happen is for this maggot health law to die.
It wasn't trump - it was the Russians.
Remove the mandates penalties, you are delusional its failing we have no choice high premiums and already unaffordable you need a new job
better still serve Americans  not the companies,,,   pharma   etc...  if obamacare is so great, why aint you using it?????
GOP has no interest in health care for Americans - any efforts in that area came from Dems Clintons and Obama
GOP is only interested in feeding big bucks to Pentagon and tax cuts for corps and wealthy - never changes
Easy for you to say this now. Where have you been the last eight years instead of fixing Obamacare? You had the opportunity but didn't.
Wow. Such blatant hypocrisy. How do you do that with a straight face?
WRONG! Can never admit you guys created a crap sandwich eh Chuck?
Mktplce was trash WAY B4 Trump even ran 4 Prez...
.@DRUDGE #FridayFeeling
Hypocrite democrat socialist schumer. Straight PARTISAN VOTE, osbamacare. Worthless, corrupt, socialistic, collapsing. Dead on arrival.
It was the Democrats who said you have to pass Obamacare to see what's in it!  And it was the modern day Trojan horse.  Major screwup!!
When are you going to stop complaining and work in a bipartisan way. Don't just talk the talk, walk the walk if you dare.
Unbelievable that you can continue to build walls with lies Day after day #crying chuckie
No the only way to improve #Healthcare is to make it universal for everyone. Basic fundamental care needs to be paid by the government.
No sir-Libs did that all by themselves with catastrophic healthcare mess. Ridiculous premium hikes, insurers drop out BEFORE election!
YOU & POS deBlasio are idiots!He's NOT attending officer Familia's funeral or swearing in of new officers? #G20 protest was more important?
Mr. Schumer, get serious, form a small team of moderate Dems, offer bi partisan cooperation. Stop obstructing, not good for America. Thanks.
Yes senate should be working together for the best interest of all Americans You should lead in that direction instead of being a road block
But you define "bipartisan" as kissing your ass and do everything your way...doesn't work, and not going to happen!
......but you speak of "improving" healthcare ......  see the difference
U need 2 read #WealthOfNations by Adam Smith to see how to improve #Healthcare.
Subsidies raises cost, lowers quality & creates shortages.
Awwww Chuck your wiener hurt from yanking it too much. Only side I see not  cooperating is the Dems.
Stop talking and Lead the way Schumer
The GOP has a habit of not working for the country,  and blaming it on Obama and the Dems. Deadbeats have to go.
Obama failed
Tiny Tears! It's so early,not even a Good Morning?! POTUS really is on your mind instead of we the People! 24/7/140+days so far !
He's all you talk about! Your whole defunct Party does as well! I'm glad to see he made an impact on you all.
What would also be great is if every member of congress & their families were forced to take #Trumpcare as well. like a show of good faith?
Won't happen ALL Donny cares about is a "win" 4 is VERY fragile ego
All u just get out of it... open state borders quit protecting insurance companies that line ur pockets ...
Childish Chucky has no intention of working for Americans, to filled with hate, he needs to go.
Just love how you twist the facts to spin your tales. But, New Yorkers have kept you in office over 40 years. Imagine an honest politician?
