Kris Kobach’s own state just defied his bogus "election integrity" commission http://bit.ly/2usAPd2  
Kobach was just fined by judge for misleading court! Trust a person with most personal info whose integrity itself has been impeached?  NO!
How the hell does one keep a secretary of state job after that
..
Ask #HRC #ClintonCrimeFamily
Always looking back!You use whispers and unproven rumors,I said proven! HRC was held 2 more scrutiny and bald investigations than Trump has
Yet faced! Under Oath! Always looking back in an effort to distract and justify this " presidents " words and actions! To quote Trump " what
A complete disgrace to the presidency"! What an embarrassment in the eyes of the world! You see see the world in such a small, narrow prism!
A day will come when even the staunchest supporters will have to acknowledge that you've been betrayed , like countless others who made the
Mistake of believing in this man, and trusting him to deliver! If this is what it takes, so be it! Spiteful as you are , you can take cold
It's almost as though the whole commission is just a transparent ploy for making a federal database of "traitors". 
Most likely to purge the rolls of unfriendly voters. This way we have the facade of liberty but a rotten core.
Potayto, potahto..
They'll run lists of names against criminal databases & death registry kick out people with similar names with certain profiles.
"Let's see, Jenny Smith... My database says Jenny Smith died three years ago. *crosses out all Jennies, Jaymes & Jimmies to be extra sure*"

It's clear #DemoRats have something2hide!There has been some arrests of #VoterFraud Vote #CHUD OUT! CannibalHumanoidUndergroundDweller! 
Follow Tom Forman Story on CNN! People better damn well get serious about fighting this! Greatest threat to voting rights and privacy!NO!
Yeah, keep making up fake news those dopes will keep your ratings up! Oh wait...they are plummeting aren't they.Iidiots
Pot to Kettle
I am totally against "driver suppression"....no more issuing driver's licenses....driver licenses suppress those who cannot apply for one
Joe, I can't tell if you're serious or sarcastic. :-)
Arnold -- somewhat sarcastic -- I don't understand how a photo ID is a problem for some....if so, they should not have a drivers license
@POTUS 
@realDonaldTrump
 I didn't know @amyschumer could speak with such political tact & unmitigated patriotic fervor!
Ooops
Wrong Schumer
Amy has nothing to do with this so leave her out of it
#lonelybot
#25thAmendmentNOW
#TrumpCrimeFamily
Not sure how people cannot see or even read/google up the information about how fucked up the GOP is! They hurt low/mid class citizens
I'm a NYS resident and I DEMAND my state participate in providing this info!  #onlyfraudstersrefuse

U meant schummer and peolsi right?/ we forgive yr stupidity
Trump has declared war on America. Trying to kill her 32 million at a time. He is guilty of espionage. Arrest him now.
U need psychiatric help asap
Kobach is in good company
22 states now won't hand over voter info to Kobach: CA, CT, IN, KY, MA, MN, NC, NM, ND, NV, NY, OH, OK, PA, RI, SD, TN, UT, VA, VT, WA, WI
All the corrupted sates..go dumb dems
please re organize the DNC  it is not working  and we will not win
Just keep all the corrupt dems w their socialist agenda...it will give America by to the Americans
No matter bogus commission, history will record Orange Twitler lost the popular vote by nearly 3,000,000. @KrisKobach1787 @realDonaldTrump
Another educated by the public school union socialists...go diversity who needs to understand the constitution
Excuse me! Voter suppression NO! He's trying to stop voter fraud. But without fraud or illegals voting, Dems couldn't win , scares ya ha?
We should all give Kris Kobach and @realDonaldTrump the MIDDLE FINGER for trying to unethically collect sensitive voter information.
That would equate your intelligence with your etiquette
Every time you post on this chuck, I keep seeing this....the lady doth protest too much...why oh why are you so afraid of this?
Seriously!
Bring the records out so the truth is known. No illegal votes, no double votes and no dead votes. What are they hiding? Clean the system
Yeah Chuck just keep making things harder. You're the #1 reason why "Term Limits" should be the law of the land !
@TPM Don't forget that Trump already registered for the 2020 campaign. Would be concerned he would funnel the info. to Putin.
Grow up
Kobach is a covert white supremacist, trying his hardest to use DT so that he can't get his racists agenda working in our Gov't. #GetHimOut
So u going to work 4 Alex jones...keep up ur insane conspiracy theories
This whole thing is ridiculous. Scheme to fix the midterms.
Keep trying...ur alt left agenda only plays where the dem policies keep the poor starving in return for their votes.
What are Dems so afraid of???? Someone has already gone to jail for signing up dead people. Are they afraid the entire @dnc will go to jail
See my previous RTs. People are already calling asking to be removed because they don't want their privacy breached. Voter suppression.
Asking for ss numbers is over reach. But we need voter id and proof of citizenship so no future elections called into question
chucky,  why are there no isis refugees in your home??? you want them take some in, they are isis members obumer admitted that, his army
How do the states that do send voter info to WH panel justify complying if both Pence's & Kobach's states don't? What is the point?
Make Paper Ballots and forensically verifiable  tabulation equipment mandatory nationwide!
Voter ID is coming and it is meeded
Lol. This WH is a clown parade
Please don't insult the  !!
The gang that couldn't shoot straight.
What is Kobach trying to hide I wonder?
trumpy should ask him that
The rest of us know they're only interested in data from voting areas

The Dems money train is gone. They all got paid under the table to push laws through. NO MORE! Trump is the new sheriff in town. LOL!
Do not reauthorize 702 of the Patriot Act. Stop the illegal surveillance of US citizens. Stop the Deep States illegal  blackmail campaign
You mean they don't want to give up publically available information because it will prove voter fraud does exist? Why the smoke & mirrors
So how much is Soros paying you to cheat Americans??  You are a traitor to the USA!  Hypocrite!
I am disgusted with those that want to hide voter data for USA to believe that there is not violations when no ID is needed is nieve
Chief Clown @SenSchumer, what are you hiding? Perhaps your election was fraudulent too?
You suck
- excuse me?  is this what we pay you deadbeats to do.
Why? if there is nothing to hide why not give them the information?
Life is full of hard choices. At least he made the right choice this time.
Why were you socializing with Kushner, Ivanka, Charles Koch, etc. in the Hamptons?
For sure... gotta cover your tracks
Trump supporters should pledge allegiance to Trump and post your personal info on Twitter immediately! MAGA
We must keep all data in the States to keep the info as long as trump will not secure cyber space. As for ACA could we not reach across isle
Whaaa?
Mitch "nuclear option"  Mcconnell  .. nothing's ever gonna CHANGE! @BarackObama .. @NancyPelosi .. @SenateMajLdr
If there is nothing to hide why not examine to see if there is voter fraud? You need ID to drive, fish, board a plane, etc..
@CNNPolitics @ABCPolitics @NBCPolitics no matter what adjective @GOP uses 2describe many of its nefarious activities-integrity0/stink100
So do he put the Kibosh on the supression request?
Did you ask Invaka and Jared about this when you were partying with them in the Hampton's last night?
Every state must stop using #Crosscheck.
What  do you have to HIDE you POS  if you've done nothing wrong then let's see how much voter Fraud there is in each State
We don't pay you to be on Twitter all day. Go to work!!!
Chuck, slogan for DNC and Democrats,  Proud to be an American....   I am.
Chuck will you please stop crying. You're embarrassing yourself and fooling nobody.
The Daily News is right. 
Trump's use of official resources to incite violence is ILLEGAL.
He must be arrested.
We can hope he prosecutes himself and sentences himself too. For being so dam dopey!
Hey look it's the devil in disguise
Schumer for illegal voters due to political gain & their personal enrichment, not for the welfare & safety of American, MABUHAY Pres Trump
Was it good mingling with Jared and Ivanka? We're all being played by the richie riches. You all are useless
Per Playbook, Jared and Ivanka were at a party in the Hamptons yesterday with George Soros and Schumer, hosted by a former owner of WaPo 
Do as I say, not as I do?
Why doesn't the Trump administration ask Russia for this information as they no doubt already have it.
Kris agrees the request is too broad
@realDonaldTrump nothing spells Trump Presidency like voter suppression.
Why can't  we impeach Trump
If only @realDonaldTrump limited himself to pro wrestling and abhorrent tweets.... Sadly his crew is busily at work destroying US.
What voter suppression?   It is voter integriry.
Y'all are aware that @SenSchumer was partying with Jarrad & Ivanka in the Hamptons this weekend, right?

http://nypost.com/2009/12/16/schumer-calls-flight-attendant-who-told-him-to-turn-off-cell-phone-bitch/ …
What? Sorry. I can't hear you over the sound of your misogyny.

Meanwhile our president is posting this on @twitter and we have no one to protect us from his lust to be a tyrant https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/881503147168071680 …
Democrats thicker than thieves.
Tired of the democrats phoney messaging resisting you will be upset in 2018  we don't forget .you own Obama care.
How come all you wanted to do before was resist, on health care though you want republicans to work with you? What a hypocrite you are sir
How could you be at a party with Jared and ms complicit.  Just read the list from the Hampton party.  So disappointed.
Many fear KK/DJT would give all voter info to Russians/Putin! Putin laughed, "we already have that info, thanks to DJT & his Staff!"
Trump's latest tweet advocating violence against a free press(CNN)  violates his oath of office. This is grounds for impeachment.

Yep, #Dems are really threatened by fair elections. That's why they defy laws against illegal immigration.
Chuck Schumer lies again.  Says there's voter fraud, but doesn't want it investigated, cause there is none. Did Schumer commit voter fraud?

#ApartheidCommission
Schumer is the best thing could happen for Trump to get elected again. I hope he stays around for along time.
schmuck, verifying voter integrity only suppresses illegitimate voters. How many dead supporters do you have?
If anyone in any position of authority did this IT would be the end ...  convenient that there is an impeachment march today. 
What does NY have to hide? Too many illegal voters? Provide the data.
I DO NOT want to give ALL of my persona and voter info, including last 4 digits of my social security number, to Trump via an insecure site!
He is an idiot
@Rosie @TPM Interesting.
Because @VP Pence is driving this request...not #Kobach.
@TPM "Bogus"? You forget Hillary demanded voter fraud investigation in multiple states when she lost...results were Dem fraud
You do realise you cannot just pluck words out of thin air and present them as "truth" don't you ? !
Awesome!!!! Even his own state knows this is nothing more than a sick and sad attempt at a national registry for disabling voting rights! Ha
Trump found out Russia was trying to interfere back in 8/2016 and didn't acknowledge it until last month. This is a scam, even R's know it.
You are delusional if you believe there was no voter fraud.  But I know you believe it, or you wouldn't try to cover up an investigation.
Everyone is onto you Kobach .. your plan is merely a voter suppression scheme.
@TPM Thank God there is a GOP with balls
Where ?

Ask anyone from Kansas, Kobach is a racist masquerading as a moron.
It's hard to declare false loyalty, when your President hates women...
Need to declare false loyalty to Trump or you're a loser...
This info will not be used for good purposes.  Probably Democrats will be retaliated against..
Hey chucky. Why you hiding voter data??  Something up??
Sad what a partisan hack you have become.  Your family should be ashamed of you.

Well, u Pelosi, and Warren belong to the right party
Kris Kobach thinks Kris Kobach is an asshat! I know it's juvenile but it make me smile.
The article fails to make the case that he is not complying with the commission, just that only some state will provide last 4 of zip.
I mean, I don't trust Kobach at all. But I also hate click-bait headlines and misleading statements.
google search kansas and voting machines.This link is about Wichita State mathematician finding odd patterns in 2014
@TPM it's a smart move by Koback
Thought: @realDonaldTrump want's "deliverables" 4 #Putin what better than every American voters private info in 1 unsecured database #Resist
looking for a fkn revolt?
Do with one hand, undo with the other.
Anyone in the Trump Administration shouldn't have the word "integrity" in their job title. That's just wrong. Seriously hypocritical
Schumer is a liars
BS
Ashamed that my state of New Hampshire elected to participate in the Kobach debacle. Why did you do that @GovChrisSununu ?
Again... look up PII info...!!!  Military/DoD employees are required to complete this CBT annually...!!! DT included..!!!
HE EVEN LOOKS LIKE A PC OF  CRAP !!!
ARE WE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE PAYING THIS JERKS SALARY.
But, #Texas just folded and is complying on a silver platter! 

What are you trying to hide? Uh oh! This is going to be good. Cannot wait to see all the Demobabies called out on voter fraud
This is NOT voter suppression. It's voter integrity. Illegals suppress the votes of citizens at elections.
Makes one feel so secure to know that the people wanting everyone's info has multiple personalities.
Only...which one to give it to, hmm...
This guy and his cronies are fucking determined to disenfranchise as many citizens as they can in swing, purple, and blue states.
WHY ARE YOU DEMOCRATS SUCH UNLAWFUL REBELS, also driving our country to SOCIALISM?  NOT AMERICAN!

You have a cynical sense of humor Senator! POTUS wouldn't get it, he's too dimwitted!
Yeah we don't wanna know the truth!

But on one hand you complain they are doing nothing about preventing voting fraud & interference & on the other hand you are blocking effort
Lmao! You can't make this ish up!

This is an outrage!! I demand that you resign immediately!! We cannot have misogynists like you in the Senate. #maga
Two faces of Kris.
#schumer is a real class act.  Sexist pig!
This is just insane. He won't comply with his own demand.  I feel like I'm trapped in an alternate universe sometimes
Wasn't he the guy who said he already had all the data and evidence?
Stupid people do that.
He's too stupid to share our air
More and more, snakes are eating their own tales!
Maybe Kansas hasn't gone totally nuts after all?  Hope springs eternal...
Crooks liars and thieves !
I'm not a big fan of yours, Chuck, but that was one wicked good burn.

Hey, having a centralized list of all voters could really help out the Russians in the next election!
Exactly!
We are filing a complaint with DOJ civil rights pet in the repeated attempts to suppress/overthrow 63 mil Republican votes for Trump. You
And the rest failed with Russia gate, reckless disregard for lives in Russia, USA, Europe, ME. Now you trying again. Proof abounds.
What have all these con artists got to hide?
#votingfraudsters
Isn't it great!
Trump University, Trump Steaks....just another scam!
Yeah you don't want to make America great..
