Yeah the ocean acidification, rise in global temp and extinction of 150 species every day is a "lie." gotcha. Where did you get your B.S.?
Global temp has risen by 1 degree every year for the last 2 decades.
Wow up 20 degrees? Fahrenheit or Celsius? In 1980's "Scientists" said Ice Age coming.
You've never seen Day After Tomorrow have you.
A movie??? That's your "Science"? #clueless #ClimateChange is false science
The concept behind the plot of the movie was real science. It actually happened in fact, a period called "the little ice age"
Of course it is real...the convenient truth for libs is that from the beginning of time to the end of time the climate will always change...
Yes. But inconvenient truth for conservatives is that since the industrial revolution it has accelerated warming far faster then before
China pollutes. China does not listen to US. China has all the manufacturing jobs. Democrats gave them those jobs. So sit down and shut up
Lmao. And thus the problem.
Climate change has been real since the formation of Earth.
Yes!
Yes i've known since i was a toddler that the climate changes what i didn't know is that stupid ppl exist who will blame it on humans
More importantly, for this administration, its provisions will create more jobs than coal or steel will-look it up
Middle class NTY residents know we can't afford your pipe dreams. We need you drained out of the swamp and cement it over.
scientists  said it numerous times it is a hoax  don't want o hear it, because you wont be able to fill your pocket with tax payers bucks.
Of course the climate is changing. Look at any road cut thru bedrock. Much bigger climate changes in the past. #Followthemoney
Climate change is a scam.  Only wealth distribution. kerry did not bring agreement to Senate for approval, thus invalid.
Please explain how restictions on pollution are a redistribution of wealth. Sounds like something u heard on infowars but dont really get.
The only reason our "kids know" is this has been indoctrinated into them since Kindergarten. Nobody really knows; all conjecture
And yes, our gov't should run shrieking from this "Accord". It is a money-grab, a waste of time and an economy-ruining scheme.
OMG, why do we have lunatics in charge? Why can't they see they're harming us and our planet? Life matters more than $$, people!
Satisfactory
Lol. So tell me how old is the sun and how long do sun's last.what kind of man tries to fix things he can't but hides from things he can.
Yea, climate change is called Summer, Fall, Winter, and Spring it has been going on for centuries.
Kids are brainwashed all day with the NEA lies of #climatechange from day one. They don't know it, they've been indoctrinated in it.
The GOP was bought by the fossil fuel industry.  No rational person would deny climate warming but money talks & GOP listened.
AGREEMENT IS ILLEGAL, KERRY WAS TO TAKE IT TO THE SENATE FOR APPROVAL, HE DIDNT  SIGNED IT HIMSELF.  A WORTHLESS PIECE OF PAPER.
Another fake - go away
Can u plz drop some wisdom on the other Chuck...the game show moron who says climate change is a racket to make $.
Trump in Italy G7 they are more interested in #ClimateChange, That's where the money is. Trump talks about Islamic Terror. No money in that.
Of course our climate changes; always has, always will.  Remember the Ice Age, @SenSchumer ????
so what r u going to do chuckie
of course its real, its there to be seen on t.v. extremes of temperatures, droughts, floods, only a fool could deny it.
Blah blah blah
Thank you, @SenSchumer ! We need you or @SenGillibrand or @ChrisMurphyCT to run for president. We need to move the Repubs out!
Your lie is that man controls climate or a fix-it the climate has changed for eons you're not God Chucky
You tweet more than @POTUS, and you never make sense.  With you at the helm I will never vote for another DEM
After perusing this thread your constituency doesn't share your view 
LOL!
This is devastating.
They only know what you tell them--silencing the dissenters.
Thanks for your hard work and determination, it is unbelievable that anyone can believe otherwise
Climate change has been going on for billions of years. Lmao chuck.
We were taught climate change in Wa State in the the late '90's in HS. Science backs up facts deal with it!
The democrats have brained washed so many. Dems could make the Left believe the moon is made of Swiss cheese.
It"s not all Our Government that run away from responsibilities. It is specifically the GOP. They are great at complaining & blaming others.
All the government money towards all research showed zero
How can you prob it is real?
So any ideas on how new flood maps are going to effect homeowners when insurance premiums force foreclosures?
Yes we should
Yes the climate changes all the time.  So yes, climate change is real.  But, what you masquerade as "climate change" is not Chuckie
Use your own money then lil chuckie. Keep your hands off our tax dollars. Stop passing your hot air....that should help
Glad you cleared that up Chuck 
Pure bull, Chuckie. No Global Warming no cash on your pocket!
Yes chuck, business owners and kids are the go to on global warming ! The scientists that you speak of are just as radical as you.
Then why do the "scientist" have to use fake data & change statistics to try & prove it??? Sounds like another big govt $$ laundering scheme
IN THE NAME OF ALLAH,THE MOST GRACIOUS,THE MOST MERCIFUL
THE MESSAGE OF ISLAM
THE MUSLIMS BOOK HOLY QURAN
PEACE BE UPON YOU
WHOLE WORLD`S
Funny the scientist do not agree with you Chuck.
I'm sure when you are Pres. (Snicker) you will apt. Bill Nye as his EPA sec.  let the free market work when it comes to clean energy.
Chucky only your arrogance and that of man is showing
Stop your fucking comrades to do something about it
Steven Koonin under OBAMA administration admits, climate numbers fudged to fit agenda. Yet, anyone questioning these fudged numbers r unfit?
More Kool Aid Chucky! U know the earth has gone thru many cycles of changes for million of years! Why not worry bout NK, ISIS, Iran, Terror?
There are scientists and business owners who also know it's junk Chuck. Who is right ? Them or your partisan rhetoric ?
Scientists can't agree on climate change.
Hey Chuck FYI climate change has been here since the dawn of time
You believe in "science" for climate change but not gender or abortion?  #hypocrite
do you have any of your own thoughts? You look like a complete asshole!
Farce
#DNCFraudLawsuit don't run away now Chuck.
Climate change winter spring summer fall..
You caused people to run away from it because of your false prophecies. #climatechange
Bull hockey
Climate change is a big hoax and you know it.
Chuckie, you're embarrassing
There you go lie again
#fakenews The @POTUS should withdraw from the Paris Agreement. Climate has been changing for billions of years when this rock formed.
because it was taught to them as a science when it was really a made up theory for the 1% to make money.#climatechange #realDonaldTrump
Why don't you Chucky work on this. You don't work on anything else such as our day to day things instead you complain about trump gets old
The earth's heat has increased .8 degrees. That is NOT a priority!.
A bunch of little girls get blown up by an Islamic terrorist Democrats talk about climate change
Maybe you should explain that climate has changed for millions of years. How can this be political now. Scientist just want federal grants.

Climate change is real, it's been happening for billions of years. How is taxing people for it going to help? It's not it's a scam. Shaddup
People know it's real. But you libs are such over dramatic drama queens.
So is illegal immigration chuck what are you doing about that hmmm oh nothing don't want you to lose any votes
I am a biz owner, scientist, engineer, and have been waiting for the climate apocalypse for 40yrs. Its a hoax, and I LOVE the Earth too!
Kids o my know that because someone has drilled that into their heads.
You didn't read it did you. We are no longer employing worthless relatives doing worthless research. Real money for real results.Think Chuck
The climate is always changing you fool!!! More government control is not the answer
Why do they know?  Because of MSM & Left propaganda... Leftwing propaganda machine is killing USA and education.  Signed, former teacher!
Visit Facebook Katherine Bell-Moore    Silent Holocaust
Bull chit made up problem to control more resources and to find a way to tax the masses
Havent't you heard? God is still im control and you are not Him!
Climate change is real.  Nobody denies that.  But humans are not the cause and humans can not effect the changes.  Don't waste money on this
You need to stop..
You are what Lenin called a useful idiot. What ended the ice age?
The only climate change is on your polling numbers Schmucky....starting to get real cold...and thats made by 1 man and his party...
#maga
Oh yeah let's all listen to Mr Chuckles
BREAKING: Cryin @SenShumer's tears caused ocean levels to rise 1.3" annually.
Chuck, are the Paris agreement regulations apportioned equally in every way (carbon goals and implementation timing) among all nations?
Why aren't you crying?
FAKE SOLUTIONS
The problem was in the presentation of the issue, "for our children" "The future of" etc, while a valid approach he see's no right now in it
He needs right now solutions to provide him with acceptance of "I did well" he thinks presidency is proven in the term of office.
What is not real is impeachment I understand, the only way the Democrats can beat him is through impeachment. No Democratic candidate could.
Chuck you don't know shit about climate. Stick to destroying our economy and misrepresting ppl. It's what you're good at.
Problem with @Potus I think is it isnt so much it isn't real, I think he believes it isn't reality in our lifetime. he is a sideways thinker
He needs to be awoken to the process of tomorrow, he is all about today.
It's only real to a snowflake like you. Stop pushing B.S. on us
Give it a rest, Chuckie. Schools are brainwashing our kids so that TERRORISM is off their radar as it is off your party's.
Scientists just want their funding, business owners don't want undue regulation, and kids are indoctrinated.  Your point is not valid
Some people also believe the world is flat too!
Thank you Sen Schumer for truth. Fossil fuels no longer viable. solar, wind etc the future way. The future is now.  #ClimateChangeIsReal
not a scientist but isn' t change another word for Season .
Show us the PROOF any change is MAN MADE Chucky.  How's Vlad?
The government shouldn't pay for climate change musicals. Get a clue Chuck! Resign for the good of the nation!

Our world has gone thru several cooling & warming cycles. The question is whether the warming is man caused & whether we can change it. NO
Yes! Only 10,000 years ago NY was under a mile of glacial ICE. Did humans cause that?
Yea climate change has always happened it's global warming that you pushed and changed!
Hey schumer, has the earth EVER gone through a cooling period? How about a warming period? I'll help, yes and yes.....
really, lol, it changes all the time remember the dinosaurs?
YOU'RE FULL OF CRAP
So being proactive justifies 100 trillion spending on climate change?
In ranking importance... Does this issue come before or after health care, secure borders, social security, national debt, deficit control?
Well Trump IS overweight, running is good exercise. Especially running away from America.
Lies. Climate change = the seasons. Natural evolution.
Even the Pope knows.
Anthropogenic Climate Change is a fraud. Our kids don't know shit except the lies your government indoctrination centers tell them.
Climate change is real and caused by Earthquakes 90+ and Tsunamis We don't need to invest $$ in Paris agreement.  Common sense needed now!
Children know  what you allow them to know. Train up a child in the way they should go.  Truth is their strength. Lies fail them.
Climate change is a hoax
Wrong!
The question isn't whether it is real, the Earth has been constantly changing for billions of years, it is how much is attributable to man.
Too many can see God but not climate change!
God is more believable 
You're one of them! Wow!
Come on Chuckie get off this climate change. Yes the climate changes but until I get the ice age promised back in the 70s I won't be worried
Even our kids!?  That's because you totalitarian minded dipshits have had "our kids" in your schools of propaganda for generations.
In NYS we just call this changing of the seasons. Zero proof of "climate change" just a scam by Gore and the Dems to steal money from us.
Do you have a shred of proof about the reality of Climate Change being caused by humans, or is it more liberal political BS
Ummmmmmm.....it's the latter
terrorist are real also, our congressman's should hide the fact
No scientific evidence is ambiguous! @SenSchumer no Santa  or Easter Bunny  @WashTimes @FoxNews @POTUS @SenateMajLdr
Especially when you're making millions with this lie! Huh, Chuckles? @CNN @CBSNews @MSNBC @NBCNews @nytimes @washingtonpost @ABC @cnnbrk
You shouldn't run away from the fact that Hillary and Barack are still trying to run the White House with their loyalists inside leaking.
# Paris accord helps other problems, while not addressing artic .
Give it up, Chuck!
And Chucky you fall into the kids category   you should be seen and not heard
According 2 the astrological "galactic alignment"the  has been moving into its original alignment.The Mayan theory.This is the change
remember when you said fanny and freddie were doing a great job before the crash-lol
Keep believing your own lies
Climate Chagne - garbage - just a way for Al Gore to line his pockets
With all of the terrorism and crap going on in the world right now and you are still talking about climate
Tour right climate change is natural. However man has little or no influence on it. What is really happening is the DNC looking for money
An Italian journalist reported that the Pope gave Trump a copy of his encyclical "Laudato Si" which focuses on environment, global warming
A journalist reported - well then.  Must be true
But you consider Sean Hannity a journalist/reliable source of info?
Hmm.  You mention Italian journalist/Pope/and Trump, I question journalist and you bring up Hannity.  Yep, Makes sense.  Not
They should be concerned for their families.it will affect them as http://well.money  won't save them
Climate Change is a money grab. These scientists have to claim climate change to obtain funding. Earth = millions yrs old, she'll be ok!
Your out of your mind
your running from the wall, dont speak about scientists. unless you R talking about brennan, I know you you dont know about science???
I wouldn't worry. This Admin will work on climate change. I think they just don't want to publicly agree with you.
WE NEED TO WARN OUR CHILDREN THAT YOU ARE PROMOTING TERRORISM IN OUR OWN COUNTRY. MOREOVER WELCOME IT..hypocrite is what you really are.
Tell that to the rest of the world
How do any of them other then the scientists know are they collecting data in their free time and comparing it to other data or are you 
We want out of this venture into Communism. If the gov't can control the environment there is NOTHING they can't control.
Trump's about Trump! Check his Financials & you'll find investments in fossil fuels & Others he's now in a position to control.
He's been in violation of Article 1 in the Constitution since day 1 plus Insider trading laws & using his office to profit.
Man caused climate change is complete.  bullshit. Kids have been indoctrinated into believing it. You are a liar suggesting otherwise
Apparently  so does the @Pontifex. Thank you Pope Francis for trying to educate @realDonaldTrump
Callate payaso
That's asinine - the kids "know" because schools are moving away from education and dangerously towards indoctrination
No Senator, hardly. Pushing fake news. Or, as usual, just lying.
Global warming scam.....Al Gore and you fly around the world in private jets and you 2 cry about the environment. Pollution causes cancer.
Uh? Cindy do not emissions from jet planes (like AF1 going back & forth to Florida) add to pollution?
It's a bad deal. We pay for most of it.   The deal needs to be renegotiated.
Global warming scam.....Al Gore and you fly around the world in private jets and you 2 cry about the environment. Pollution causes cancer.
It always is changing. Remember the ice age when you were just a little crybaby?
Instead of us fighting like good little constituents , lets unload on our congress , it's not party, it's America, you don't like it compris
SETH RICH!!! Remember the name. You and your pedophile friends time is limited. Remember the name SETH RICH
