Bring #HouseResolution438 to the floor!
Keep fighting for equality Chuck!
POTUS clearly denounced on many occasions, but he also rightfully called out other hate groups like BLM & Antifa, but you didn't.  Why?
We're on to your game, Chucky, it will not end well for your party of enslavement.
Schumer what a joke. He is what is wrong with America. Liberal no rules no laws.
#SelectiveOutrage u'r upset Trump didn't denounce white supremacists but u never got upset when Obama never denounced Islamic terrorists.
Chuckie "Fake Tears"
Oh but they did Chucky a bunch of times and we all heard it
Atlaest he didnt sneak a athlete until the country during the band that ended up molesting a child but that's what you did
Well done Senator Goebbels! The more fear anger and hatred you can spread through the country with propaganda, the more chaos we can create.
You look ridiculous chuck! Trump has been denouncing since 1991..ITS ON VIDEO! Now..let's hear YOU DENOUNCE BLM,CAIR,ANTIFA,&BLACK PANTHERS
That's right dear..you can't argue with FACTS..So you revert to acting like a 12 yr old!!Good for you!
Fact: TA IS A LIAR!
Chuck, do you think that maybe he is a Nazi‽ this is crazy, we must resist Nazis!  I think that confederates are nazis now!!
Why don't you denounce the senator who calls for the @realDonaldTrump  assassination
They did. Your just not listening.
as well you should not... and he still isn't backing down - his opposition to monument removals are dog whistles!!!
@realDonaldTrump  already did that you nitwit.
And then he took it back you nitwit. Read teh transcript unless facts hurt your brain too much.
he did nothing of the sort, you mouth breather.
He has Chuck, glad you have so superior with your words thru your career.
http://100percentfedup.com/mo-democrat-lawmaker-investigated-secret-service-saying-hope-trump-assassinated-facebook-remarks-made-man-claims-cousin-trumps-secret-service-detail-coul/amp/ …
Careful your projecting again.
Know what you should focus on? Dems should STOP obsessing abt POLLS & come out STRONG for working class ppl & #healthcare repair! Period.
They will, then after their election, business as usual.
The Left hate is never going to win
Crying chuck is a bigot, he is holding back health insurance for the American taxpayers. Remove crying chuck from office.
Trump did disavow White Supremists. Now you disavow antifa & BLM!!!
I have not seen BLM and antifa wearing Schumer hats.
nor should you.  We all have to stand against these  bigots in the white House. Impeach this #fakepresident
You can try
Gather all of congress and have rational and reasonable talks about ways to remove him from office. Every single day it gets worse. ACT NOW!
Your party created hate..remember that.
Thank you for your strong words @SenSchumer. Please find a way to weaponize those words. Censure at the least. #ImpeachTrump
@POTUS did that Chucky!! Numerous times...STOP THE HATE MONGERING!!!!!  
But he did denounce it, you just refuse to hear it...
Impeach Trump now
Why?
YOU BETTER DENOUNCE ALL THE HATE GROUPS
Denounced Antifa yet? BLM? Hypocrite
Did you have one of the spy BlackBerry supplied by the Awan family? Maybe you let out some state secrets. Do they have something on you. Ass

If @realDonaldTrump is a Nazi for not calling out Nazis, was Obama an  Islamic terrorist for not calling out Islamic terrorists?
@DebraMessing Why was this sham elec allowed y R we being betrayed we did not vote 4 a traitor or nazis but their in our WH.!!
Chuck Schumer  MUST DENOUNCE AND CONDEMN #ANTIFA.  

This is YOUR party.... U created this!
Somebody likes losing
Sir, you need to get others to share your commitment. The Dems are once again sitting there not wanting to make their corporate masters mad!
So what are you going to do about it?
What action are you going to take, because we'll stand with you???
He's gonna cry and give a speech
At least he won't say the Nazis and KKK are good people!
No, he will jst keep talking cuz it placates minorties so they will vote for him in next election cycle...typical dem...Im glad I learned ..
Please enlighten me on what you learned, beside the fact Republicans are only out for themselves and do not care about the American ppl??
Democrats take from the working class. They used to be for the middle, no longer
What is the GOP goingto do for you?
Yeah? What are you going to do, a tearful press conference?  That'll show 'em!!
Oh Tony, whatever he does will be better than what you did...or can do. Try to be a daddy your little one can love & be proud of, not a 
WHY ARENT (YOU) DENOUNCING
Why arent (you) denouncing antifa your a dam racist your a bigot by nit denouncing them that means you condone what they are doing chuck
@realDonaldTrump DID denounce hatred among ALL groups. The Media just didn't cover it. Most of us can see #FakeNews and bias!
If you watched or read the media you'd know that they did cover it extensively.
The liberals are just too braindead to comprehend the actual words he said
You're from Alabama so I'll just assume you're one of those trump was talking about when he said he loved the uneducated.
According to US news and world report, 2015 Alabama high school graduation rate was 90.1%, New York was 79.3%
You didn't acknowledge my compliment so I'm pouting.
I just liked it if that was it
Senate Bozo ...blockade master ...of deceit
They did! And do you really think they give a shit what you think?
i guess u don't understand english,POTUS did just that,quit spreading your lies,how about BLM+antifa,when will u denounce their violence??
u know dam well this isn't about trump not condemning hate groups like he already did many times this is about dem lying u hack
When are you and the DEMs going to denounce ANTIFA and BLM. And by the way there were TWO groups involved in the clash in Charlottesville.
Boo hoo! Say Islamic terrorism is bad!!! Say it Chucky. Come on
donyou condemn anitfa and blm?
He did denounce them you twit.
What's wrong with your brain?
Your friend Eric Schmidt, Google CEO didn't like what Barry Lynn said about his co. so he called Barry's boss & had him fired. Monopoly!
Any chance you will denounce antifa violence? Oh wait, they are part of your base and give you money for your campaign?

BS...
Actually, he did. You're just pissed he brought out the fact that there was violence on the other side also.

You are a trouble maker he did it 4 dam time over 3 day stop it just STOP IT your not in washington to troll trump do your job let it go dam
.stop the bullshit chucky!
Hey Schmuckie....when are you going to denounce the terrorist group antifa or hamas or isis?
Are you going to denounce Robert Byrd as a racist?  The hypocrisy....
Has your head been in a hole in the ground?  Both have denounced many times.  When will you denounce left wing violence? #hippocrit!
@POTUS said all hate groups. So that includes the Democrats & Republicans

IT'S NEVER ENOUGH WITH THE LEFT...I'LL THEM TO GO TO HELL..MOVING ON
And what are u going to do? Mr. Schumer?
What he's good at nothing but bitch and cry
Hey Chuck, you're one of the dumb democrats featured on my page. http://Dumbdemocrats.com 
@POTUS DID unequivocally denounce white supremacy/neo-Nazism/other forms of bigotry, maybe you didn't HEAR it as #FakeNews didn't cover it
Then he basically recanted on Monday. He is worthless.
Went back to his original position.  There WERE two groups fighting. BOTH came ready to fight. Fact! Look at more than one POV, then decide.
How do we get him out of the WH?
Get a decent candidate for 2024 election .
When are you & the rest of the @DNC going to denounce ANTIFA or ALT LEFT for their violence & vandalism? Double standards much? #Hypocrites
schumer is totally irrelevant. Why make a statement like this? Nobody cares. Stick with bike lanes schumer.
When will it stop. Why stoke all the fringe ppl. You can't continually condemn @POTUS & put him in danger. Please stop please stop 
Best you add Pence to the list since he seems to support Trump's racist position.
You must not understand English.  What you're pissed about is his denunciation of Obamas "civilian army" -- anarchists AntiFa!
I actually heard him denounce them......but I realize it will never ever ever be enough for the radical leftist who hate him....
you are an arrogant sob and should be called out for what you are a communist conspirator attempting to overthrow constitutional elect govt
How? Do something
Then when they get so much power you can't control him anymore
You don't listen well do you.
I'm sure u have seen this, but u continue the political talking points anyway. Despicable.

https://youtu.be/S6PFZNruJes 
Did you denounce Sen Robert Byrd when you found out he was once the Grand Wizard of the KKK?Truth is Chuck these groups are Democrat created
Denounce Antifa blm. By the way the kkk and slavery were born and raised in the Democratic Party   Hypocrites!

And I will not let you off the hook for lying to the American people about this.  You know that he did and you play politics with this.
#FailureChuckShumer Is this what tax$ from Americans pay you for?
So you are filing articles of impeachment?  When?
Maybe you don't understand English very well. #ISTANDWITHTRUMP #Witchhunt
It's ok Antifa and BLM clubs and kills cops and others!!
Please censure!
Press and press hard to #ImpeachTrump. You have power. Use it!
The American people will never let you off the hook Senator
Chuck U senator Schmucky Schumer.
How many times do you need to hear him or would you like him to tattoo it on your head
You're a real pit-bull. You just keep working on that.
What are you going to do Chucky? You might want to stop crying and put America first for a change..
You don't get it chuckie, they aren't on your hook. Go back under your rock
I will not let u, nadal, or dnc off the hook 4 not unequivocally denouncing political gang/racism/all forms of bigotry by dem senators
All agree these are horrible people. Why can't you denounce BLM & Antifa who both call for murder of cops. Unbelievable
@SenSchumer Where was you outrage when @HillaryClinton said her greatest mentor was a leader of the KKK & pictured kissing him? #hypocrite
They did, this just show America what the core problem is. Your Proggressive movement has hijacked  the Democratic party.
Steve Bannon fired. I would have slept better that a Neo-Nazi wasn't NEXT to the Oval except we confirmed this wk that one SITS in the Oval
The fact that you nuts STILL call everyone you don't like a Nazi.. Continues to prove exactly where this problem stemmed from..
You seriously need to go get involved in a car accident with a steel pole! U R 1 ignorant fool
YOU DONT HAVE TO WORRY THE AMERICAN PEOPLE  LET HIM OFF THE HOOK FOR YOU
We are NOT ALL WITH YOU!  Try focusing on things that heal and improve rather than your political #witchhunt
What do you plan to do with people who have Confederate flag tattoos, skin them? Dems labeling everyone as racist and white supremacist!
chucky quit her crying and pissing in your diaper, fix something
Go get em' Chuck!  Schumerstandswithantifa#
Still pushing the narrative huh ?    How about term limits?
I seriously wish that guy would Chuck Off.
Chuck Schemer is the true racist . Chuck Schemer promotes hate and racism because democrats and liberals have disastrous results in cities
Are you insane?!?! What rock have you been hiding under?
Ummm, keep up there Chucky...he did that already.
Could you be a bigger POS?!
Here's the clip of the President denouncing.
You need to retire if you can't understand this.
He's doing again in Phoenix. Is he insane?
All the statues should  go to Gettysburg......
Just because
but you let Obama off for 8 years for not denouncing Radical Islamists!!
Hypocrite. When you defended Clinton and Janet "send in the tanks" Reno during the Waco Investigation your partisanship trumped your ethics
You are enticing civil war and we are ready, Chuckles.
Because you are a weak commie with no true love for America
They have been rebuked many times. It just bothers you their true roots are from the Dem party as well as Antifa
America do not be fooled any longer dem pack believe u r stupid They r the party of racist bigots They r the party of KKK They r confederate
Please get a hearing aid immediately.  I wish you took the same stance on #BLM when they murdered 6 cops in Dallas
You should shut up and quit stabbing our president in the back he did no such thing!
@iamsambee you doing white jokes don't work. You don't even need lighting you're so white! BTW let check your ancestors records out To white
Remember, knew POTUS wasn't under investigation yet lied, hosted Putin facilitating Russian oil empire n NY, triggered collapse IndymakBank
But Chucky, you ar a neo-Nazi. Thats like asking people to denounce you. After all you are Anti-American. We The People want you to work 4us
What a daft comment!  He already did senator.  You, Mrs. Pelosi, and Mrs. Clinton might want to check into Bethesda re: memory issues.
trump is a  Bigot and Un-American These white supremacists and neo-nazis are part of his diminishing base! keep at their heels! go Chuck go!

you are consumed by hate that you would turn the presidents words.We all heard his speech and no the truth.didn't condemn BLM that has kill
You need to be held accountable for your obvious hypocrisy and thinking your silence about assassination of POTUS is going unnoticed.

Suck it chuck...u, pelosi, mad max, Kamala mae being pissy every day is comical

We will not let you off the hook for obstructing our national safety and the American people!!!
They are NAZIS! Can't denounce. He will lose his ever dwindling base of nazis and rascists
Ok Chuck. You & me. Average Joe's gym. Next Tuesday, 2pm. 10 rounds. 10 oz gloves. Be there!

And you shouldn't!!

You're so righteous Chuckles. You phoned swamper
And I'm not letting u off the hook. Condemn the Islamic Muslim extremists in Barcelona. Ur ok with that bigotry? I guess so. U must go bigot
Do you denounce the violent Alt-Left terrorist groups Antifa and Black Lives Matter?

Please answer sir.
don't bother washing the blood off your hands of all of the dead policeman. We will still forever see it
@DNC never apologized for past industrial racism, guess we know where you stand... on Satan's #AltLeft side.
First your a freaking nobody so you don't have anyone on a hook lmao your a joke and your a nothing burger all you know how 2 do is cry
Just go away
GOD SOMEONE HELP US!I need a LAWYER, I can't SLEEP LEAVE my home, TAPED WINDOWS SHUT!EAT!so SICK!I'VE had IT #ACLU I'M sueing TRUMP/GOP
Schemer supports ANTIFA a terrorist organization. Will he disavow them?
#demandtrumpresign
Thank you. Plz do that along with #impeach-ing, firing, and convicting them of the crimes/lawsuits they brought w/ them to the WH.
Do you denounce zionism?
Blah blah blah blah blah #whatever
YOU DONT HAVE A PROBLEM LETTING BLM ( KNOWN COP KILLERS) ANTIFA ( KNOW ASSAULT, PROPERTY & DEMS WHO SHOOT CONGRESS. OFF THE HOOK
You had better not! Who will be the one to save the Republic?
As #Antifa is throwing urine at Boston PD, Chuck still hasn't denounced their violence & hatred. This means Chuck supports their methods.
@NBCNews @POTUS  Mr President the Democrats Led by community organizer Obama want 2 Fundamentally Transform America into hell. Save AMERICA
