Plz investigate and find out, without doubt, that Assad did do this before we go to war or send troops to Syria. Didn't we learn from Iraq?
When does the world come together and get rid of this evil sub-human tyrant? Just disgusting what he gets away with!
There is actually no evidence ASSAD is responsible. Quite frankly, blaming him 1 sec after the report screams thirst for a war.
Oh I think it would be quite ridiculous and naive to think it wasn't Assad... hello... he's done it multiple times!
Caz you believed what the gvmnt said abt Assad. I dun. It didn even go thru the Congress, that means your rep or you could
not examine the evidence. I am not saying Assad did not do it. But substantiating a hypothesis requires the elimination of
alternative explanations of the event, which is not done here. It wouldn surprise me at all if it turns out that own gvmnt
(like the CIA) did it to draw the Prez in and to benefit the defence and/or oil industry since they have the history of coups &
sending hitmen to install leaders that they liked in foreign countries, or any of the rebel groups or ISIS to draw the US in and
Hillary Clinton supporters are really scumbags
Talk to the former pres about it..... leave foreign affais to the big boys
On this issue we must not be divided!  We are Americans and we do not sit and watch as people are bathed with chemical weapons.
Are you crazy? Where is the evidence he's responsible? Sarin's easy to produce. Ur quick blaming screams thirst for a war. #Iraq2
I believe you would do the same schumer. I don't trust you at all. You are a trouble maker and corrupt. You can't think for yourself..
The breaking of our nation's laws are yet another example of how the #Democrats will perpetrate to terrorize & regain absolute control.
I guess all the lies and murders in the obama administration was fine then?  Maybe #susanrice or @CNN will spell it out for you.
makes me think of Trump saying there are a lot of killers out there,  NBD
decisions 2put our best in harms way should not b made lightly over dinner.Very sad how they used his widow as propaganda. V disturbing 2 me
True
are you able to cite the evidence? lots of stories being said, but no direct facts being released
There isn't even proof it was Assad and 1 day later you are already making statements? Looks like someone was framed.
If Assad was in America the Democrats would protect him like sanctuary cites do.
Obama did nothing it will be addressed by our Great President Trump. Congrats to Neil Gorsuch.
Where is your proof?
Unfortunately w trump in office the whole WORLD is fkd
Good thing your boy obama solved the chemical weapons issue in Syria.
Well, your former colleague had years to resolve this. Now look at the mess we are in. Thank you Democrats. Another great job
SOUNDS LIKE THE U.S.A. DEMOCRATS.
.@SenSchumer If #Trump's playing footsies with Assad, we can safely deduce Trump would drop gas on Americans, too. Birds of a feather...!
Looking for reason to oust another leader, just so ISIS can swoop in and take over the messy remains, solid plan
why did Obama draw red line and then DO NOTHING when Syria crossed it?DISGRACEFUL
You jerk. This has,been going on in Syria for years! These people need more than your condolences.  Too busy stirring your political soup.
You never complained when chemical attacks happened under PResident Obama? Why do you care now?? REd line crossed, you snickered..
Still better than ISIS.
Assad  got a green light from USA to use  chemical weapons. Otherwise he wouldn't dare to use it
..and after trumps White House says we are thru ' messing ' w/them ..
what action do you recommend! No more prayers. No more thoughts. BHO came to you all and asked for permission and it was denied
Yet you fiddle and twitch over zero evidence produced on Russia while the world closes in-- you are derelict in duty
How bout U try the travel ban out and check on Syria 4 all of us!!!?!
100 well placed tomahawks will take care of the issue
you and Hillary loved the deal. Think they got the chemicals from Iran they moved all chemicals out of the country for the deal
And yet u have been there the whole time & done nothing
When will the WORLD step in??????
schumer - continue the idiotic liberal agenda of allowing illegals in and this is what will happen in OUR COUNTRY,thanks to Libs..sickening
Guess Obamas line in the sand didn't do shit, huh? Trump did inherit a mess!
Kinda like you would do.
The only difference between you and him is that you terrorize us verbally
made possible by our feckless leader, Trump and his buddy, Putin
I just checked it out. In July 2014 John Kerry said he Obama forced Syria to turnover 100% of their chemical weapons. #FakeNews
But didn't John Kerry and Obama say Syria destroyed all their chemical weapons?
The same was said about, Hussein n Gaddafi. Just lies, for their land/resources @SenSchmer
That your party and king Obama did back shit about for 8 fucking years.. Congrats.. Kick the can down the road.. Fucking clown
What happened to Obamas line in the sand?
be careful you are in agreement with republicans
Thank Obama!
What will you do to gain back control? Keep letting unvetted migrants into our states that might be ISIS? These terrorist are barbaric!
Not unlike the programs you use to retain absolute control. Yours isn't chemical. It is propaganda and media abuse
That is the only smart thing you have said in years
https://twitter.com/sahouraxo/status/849635794994286592 …
I hope the jury is still out until all evidence collected.
Wow. This anti-Assad "reporter" tweeted about the sarin attack in #Syria 24 hours before it happened. Still think nothing fishy is going on? 
and #Putin !!
This comment is just what the Dems had been stating the last 8 years! Oh wait...Russian Conspiracy talking points were handed out 11/9/16
OMG horrific
Again where were u and @BarackObama And @HillaryClinton during "Red Line"?
How do you know that @senschumer
Of who? There won't b anyone left to rule over by the time he is done.
Well Chuckie, Obama let Assad off the hook by allowing him to cross the red line
we must know where Assad is. Go get him. Try him in the Hague for crimes against humanity. Either that or just bomb the crap out of his plac
If Pres Trump authorizes military force will you support him?
Are you going to draw a redline in the sand then backdown like Pres Obama did? Only military force will stop him, mean tweets accomplish zip
And if we do nothing we are a participant in this mass murder of innocent children and people!
like you care
Why were you quiet when Obama was sitting back?
Like the gas out of ur mouth is doing to the USA I'm gagging dude

Why didn't your pres OBAMA follow thru on his threat of the red line?  This would not be happening I guess if he had????
With Russian & therefore puppet sanctions
: Let's take a deep breath & insure it was Assad. Lots of reasons Isis or Rebels would want to suck us in.
Then the people of Syria need to kill him. What they want someone else to do there dirty work? Schumber show go do it for them
Enabled with Russian help. Putin the Butcher strikes again.  #Potus praises Putin!
2014 ?
Then why are you letting illegals and unvetted muslims into the US
So what is our plan? I agreed with @BarackObama position but now I'm scared of what @POTUS will do. Again, what's the counter argument?
IF Obama had "Crossed the Line" we wouldn't be in this predicament! And put our GREAT MILITARY IN HARMS WAY,where was your voice
So the question is...what the HELL (sorry Sir) are we going to do about it????!!!
But t rump is okay with it because he won't condemn Putin
I don't understand why Assad can't be taken out. Surely there's a way. He's pure evil.
I agree but look what happened when they took out Saddam Hussein
Syria made it to this point because Obama and Dems in Congress failed to act!
why didn't you democrats do something about it chumps
A day before an int'l conference, the Syrian Army, which is defeating terrorists in Syria, decides to use CW on its own ppl? Not buying it.
Why didn't you do anything about it when you had a chance? Don't act all upset now. #fakeredline
How do you know ots bot ISIS that did that?
Iraq only got worse when Saddam was killed. Like it or not, Assad is the legitimate leader of Syria.
I am sure Donald is taking notes & writing down his ideas.
He can't spell! And he has a short attention span!
Where's the proof chucky ???
We must help these people. I hope our leaders can work together on what is best to do.
Do something besides obstruct.
Again. He's doing it. AGAIN!  When is enough enough?
#ImpeachTrump and get someone competent to handle a crises
WHY didn't Congress give @POTUS44 Obama authority when He asked for it? Maybe the Russians wouldn't be there now. Will US fight Russians?
scary how in my head I can easily replace assad for trump.  #resist #TrumpRussia
What are you prepared to do?
Chuck U where have you been on this? Your boy let this stuff go on for the last 6 years.
What about the Red Line that they passed? Where was Obama.
you're a conniving skid.
Opposed to the civility we have seen from the opposition Rebels and Isis. I think we probably should sit this one out.
with all respect what are you guys doing to stop this? and don't give me the "we're looking into it" #epicfail #killedinocentkids #justice 
speak the lang???
And this is the Statement that a President should be giving but the guy sitting in the WH chair...nothing
What did your party ldr Obama do to protect these children and prevent this from happening
And the Russians and Iranians need to be removed to. Time for the draft.
I say covert missions. Draft should be a last option.
And thanks to your previous leader Obama, it is going to be a lot hard to do something about it.
Assad is a monster, yet Trump refuses to see that Russia is just as bad in this.
And what are you going to do about it ?
Luke 13:3
I tell you, no; but unless you repent you will all likewise perish.
