Hungary: Government Intensifies Smear Campaign Against Civil Society http://freedomhou.se/2v0qciQ 
BETRAYAL.... McCain caught RED HANDED. FOX just reported John MCCAIN told Schumer he was going to VOTE NO on ObamaCare repeal. 
JOHN MCCAIN A LIAR & TRAITOR TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE & REPUBLICAN PARTY! TRUMP WAS RIGHT, "NO HERO". HE SHLD RETIRE IN SHAME! SWAMP CREATURE
@FreedomHouseDC Please revoke Kushner's Secret Clearance.

Facts, Truth, Where Integrity dies
Hey Chucks....we saw you n Putin in NYC...Dems are Putin Puppet...never saw Pres Trump having coffee with Putin...your gig is up...#Gitmo
@georgesoros @FreedomHouseDC Soros reTweeted you cryin' Chuckie. Your his puppet.
HELL NO!
Funny Chucky....Soros put your post on his tweeter account...HMM why would want a connection betw you and #Satan Soros?
Hungary doesn't likeGeorge Soros being able to buy his people & their values. 

Chuckie just cuz U are for sale doesn't mean everyone is
Idiot
Like one you are doing against trump ?
Oh yes, let's denounce anything that Soros supports, in fact it should be the battle cry of the Church to do so.
Baby burner Chuck endorsing islam invasion Soros.. fitting
they don't want one world order any more than we do. Socioglobalism, one world order, one world President is against our individual rights
Soros helped nazi's find Hungarian jews to send to death camps then Soros sold their property for profit
Yes. Open society must be stopped.
@georgesoros @FreedomHouseDC @POTUS  so, what you are saying, Mr. Schumer, is that you support Mr. Soros and his agenda?
You are both terrorists. People/countries have figured you out. Only a matter of time until you and your groups are taken down!
Oh chucks we denounce you and your cry baby ways
You should pay attention to Venezuala. Its what happens with socialism. Thats why Trump is the first Rep i voted for.
The Hungarians & Poles have it completely and utterly right! Keep your twisted Globalist agenda to yourself.
Go move there for some years and experience the fantastic freedoms. As a local.
You would certainly know abt "smear campaigns" wouldn't you, Chuck the Schmuck. EXACTLY WHAT YOU DO AGAINST "PRESIDENT" TRUMP! STOP IT!
Chuckle umer is a liar 
Hungary has it right. Smash @georgesoros and his evil army.
Satan is calling home his boys.  Are you sure he is the one you want to spend eternity with?
Why Schummer? You don't govern Hungary and have no power! Keep taking that Soros money!
@georgesoros @FreedomHouseDC  chuck schumer is a danger to America
@SenSchumer Your collaboration with the known NAZI collaborator @georgesoros is now duly noted. It shows how un-American you are.
Your the disturbing trend. http://bunkerbusternews.com/0-8-9/ 
I have a 13 year old daughter that cries less than you
George soros is retweeting this message. That says something about our anti American disgrace of a senator. How much is soros paying you?
Thank you, Senator Schumer!
I SUPPORT THE FIGHT AGAINST SOROS AND HIS SOCIAL ENGINEERING GROUPS OF CHAOS!
WHEN YOIR LORD GEORGE SOROS IS IMPRISIONED I WILL SEND HIM A CERY AFFECTIONATE THREE HUNDRED POUND GORRILA TO WARM HIM UP
#triggeraliberal My list of top sjws @thecampaignbook @kathygriffin @Rosie @Acosta @georgesoros anyone banned by one is tops!!!
Your witch hunt is hurting the USA and in the end democrats won't get elected again
Oh please your transparent evil can not be hidden no matter how much you speak.  Special place in hell for you
You should be concerned about the American people and not people from other countries. That's the problem with your party Americans are last
Chuck SCHUMER carries a burn phone That's what drug dealers and hit men carrie SCHUMER hates America He bows to radical Physco SOROS
It looks like this:
Thanks for calling me back we shouldn't be paying for your office if your people can't call me back.
Leaked email btwn then SS Clinton & Soros, instructed her on how to handle political unrest in Malaysia, sound familiar?  Dems create same.
Instead of defending George Soros' interest in Hungary, why don't you condemn the antidemocratic purge in Turkey our NATO "ally"
How about denouncing Clinton campaigns REAL. collusion with Ukraine.
Sounds like the Democrats have spread their insanity across the world.
Chuck: Why arent you on Obamacare? You voted for it.
It's called "not gonna stand for it" do the math, how many are you?
The disturbing trend is how the far right sees no harm with all of these Russian connections.
Awesome news, crush @georgesoros - bankrupt this humanimalistic vermin - stat!
You and your party are doing this here!
Can you imagine going to school everyday...anticipating recess....KNOWING you're going to be bullied? Stop the nonsense!!!!!
It's enough to make you shed a tear...fake or genuine.  
Didn't Hillary take money from Hungary for  Clinton Foundation in a pay for play deal? Keep resisting and obstructing for your entire career
Smear is what Democrats have been doing to Trump since Hillary lost. Trending.
You got a problem with  but not Iran
You Dems started it.  Grow up
Why are guys like the Clintons getting away with federal crimes.  Are you guys just crooks.  Remember the outcome of the French Revolution!
Sir, As a citizen I demand investigation on the sell of 20% Uranium One by HRC to Russia then receiving $100 mil.++ for their Foundation!
The U.S. & EU should do more than denounce, but actually take concrete steps to force Hungary to act within democratic norms
Please consider this before voting:
How much money did u take from big insurance and pharma to sell us out?
Clinton killed Eberwein....
Soros funded! I mean USA tax payers ! But you already know that!
If the Vichy Republicans under Leninist Bannon decimate the free press, civil society will be next.
Smear campaign? That's the entire Democrat platform.
Chuck! U back off jr..Or il put you buddy comey in levingworth, for life
Did you think for a secound we couldnt get this done without u?
Who bore witness to the word of god? And the testimony of jesus christ, to all things he saw? John the angel
Im talking about the little bank your hooked up with boy?
Are you in bed with elvis chuck? You no what i mean buy elvis, dontcha?
Chucky - your a joke
Demos are the New Nazi Propaganda Party.
And here in the USA...disturbing trend...liberals intensify smear campaign and rally to bring down the president WE voted in!
Hungary is protecting its sovereignty. They know better and do not want globalism
Was "Create World Dictatorships" on the agenda at Bilderbergers last meeting?
we Afe turning into this
Yes very disturbing. Which bothers u more, #FreedomHouse feigning to defend #Freedom or their pretense of being an #Independent #Watchdog?
What we need to do is Abolish The Senate so that the work of the American People Can Get Done ! What purpose do Senators serve ?
Disgusting trend is Dems attacking Trump and his family! Never vote Democrat ever again!
.@georgesoros is a disturbing trend that must be unequivocally STOPPED. And he will be. The French aristocracy didn't see it coming either.
I'm on your side Chucky. But. Please come up with something a bit more imperative sounding. You always seem defeated.
You attempt, against the will of the people to smear @realDonaldTrump @POTUS 24/7. Arent ur initials on the infamous 'list'? #BringBackFlynn
Hey NEW YORK VOTERS...do you care at all that this man is doing nothing for you?
Like you denounced what happened to us in the last 12+ months. Come on!
Disturbing trend that should b unequivocally denounced is @DemSenators ,   fraudulent @DNC,fake news,lies,obstruction,corruption&bullying
More Democrats will lose seats in the midterm election, they have know clue what the people want or need.
Chuck Schumer Admits Obama Health Payments Violated The Constitution
Our democratic left is expanding its reach.
You must fight Trump and the Republicans everyday
Sorry your arms are too short to box with God Trump is call God my sheep know my voice
`Denounced`, don`t you mean PRAISED? Folk see through shits like you & @georgesoros - MAGA
Chuckles, why are you concerned with Hungary. Start paying attention to ALL Americans. Dem and Rep. Start doing to work of OUR people
Are you lumping your disgusting treatment of our president and his fellow Americans into that too?
Aw, you don't like when your sugar daddy gets called out Charlie?
Well Senator that is what happens when you have left radical progressives under complete control...you know the Progressive lingo right?
We, as a country, no longer have room to talk.
Wait a minute that is what you Chucky have been doing for 30 years
Kinda like when ur beloved obama tried to discredit Benjamin Netanyahu in The Israel elections huh chuckie HYPOCRITE
Chuck, you spend a lot of time on twitter.. A lot like our President.
What about that WAMU loan fraud & the returned dead doc? No fit here
You are the disturbing trend!!!
How about a smear campaign against a sitting President. You should help them because you sure know how to handle a smear campaign
Your priority one is the USA get off your lazy ass and do something for us taxpayer's that pay your salary !
Sounds like what the Dems are doing in the USA
Why are you concerned about other nations?  You are a senator not the dep of state
This is the shit you should be working on
Got more than enough for you to pontificate on here in the US

They aren't Soros whore like the Dems they see you doing his work and won't let it happen to them.
Social media was good until it became the tool to demolish democracy.
What about the smear job you Dems are doing to our Pres. Trump & Family. True McCarthyism is back for sure. Remember that SOB, same as DEMS
But @SenateMajLdr seems absolutely fine with the destruction of democracy here and abroad
Now this I am really concerned with!
Maybe you should send AntiFa? Chuckie.
Dear chick,
What do you think the Trump team is doing here at home? They are undermining free open society with attacks on press
Haven't you figured that the press really wants to run the country? Free and open press bs. They seem to write and say whatever they want.
You should really stop drinking kool aid.
The liberal media has been working overtime in smearing WH. They are aggressively working to tear apart our country.
A disturbing trend is elected democrats that can not do their jobs.
Remove  them from office!
You've been smearing our own civil society for decades. What's the story here?
Inb4 Trump praises their leadership.
Sound familiar?
We are finally discovering who our Friends, Frenemy and those who know the   is now smaller and We Can All see you and your doings! 
Soros would have turned u into the Nazis and loved it Chuck. You must be on his payroll
Go to work, get nominations going. You work for us Senator.
It sounds a lot like you Fascist Democrats are treating @realDonaldTrump and the people of America.
Another disturbing trend that should be renounced is NEOLIBERALISM. We demand net neutrality, privacy, an end to war & living wages. #bernie
Ironically, @SenSchumer himself is also a disturbing trend that should be unequivocally denounced.
Scummer shoul be hung for treason along with Shiff & obslama
What will it take for Trumptards to realize they are being lied to by this admin?
When you asswipes reach your head and extract it to face reality
Russia probably behind it
Hmm,sounds like that's what the Democrat taliban party is doing to America.
Why are we allowing both parties to fail us? They have divided us so that we don't expect anything from them.
Disturbing trend:Main FemGenital Mutilation NOTACRIME children don't vote violated 2x: free pass 2 Muslim parents free pass in legislation
Obamacare wouldn't need to be fixed or replaced if the morons in the Democratic Party had done a better job before they passed that failure
What is really important to the American people?  Has everyone forgotten what these idiots in Washington are supposed to be doing?
The U.S. and Hungary are both run by neo-Nazis at the moment. This is what people get for voting racialists into office...
Are you a legal citizen of the U.S.? Cause you sure don't sound like a Patriotic American. Sovereign nations have borders and laws. MAGA
Who are you? Thought police?
My family have been citizens since the early 19th century, dawg. Doesn't mean we adhere to 19th century racialist ideas like Orbán does.
For someone who's family has been in US since 19th century, I'd think you would have learned English. You don't even make sense Jorge.
Hohoho it's always a riot when you argue with a racist on Twitter. English is my first language, baby. Orbán's is hate, just like yours.
I mean, I'm the one who should be complaining that a later immigrant (you) who rages about make believe can't behave himself.
That's the fiber of Oligarchy n Conservatism hungry for power, party before country! Sickening to witness #Democracy globally take such hit!
Replace all senators and congressmen and institute term limits. They are not doing their jobs and have forgotten to put the people first.
U are leading a smear campaign against USA. Your lies are destroying America. That will be your legacy plus you have really bad breath.
Schumer you are disturbing! Resign and disappear please.
Maybe Trump can get Gorka to do it. 
Mr. Schumer only you may help 1800 #local3 techs in NY against scumbag @Ask_Spectrum accusing the striking tech of vandalism to unionbust
You know what's disgusting Americans paying for transgender surgery.
#GorkaMustGo  He can't get his security clearance and he is a carnival barker every time he speaks. His values are NOT American Values!
However, I see horribly disturbing trends right at home, Senator.  Let's fix us first.
Defending your main financier of many civil disobedience organizations here to get you votes. Your true colors R shining through Chuck.
It is critical that people realize convincing us to tear down our civil, democratic structures is one of the biggest goals of terrorism.
And of George Soros. His kind of terror causes much more damage than what al-Bagdadi and Bin Laden could dream up in their wildest dreams.
Feel like I'm seeing the future. Fox commentators are calling the Russia investigations an attempted coup that must be fought against.
Soros is a nation destroyer. Interesting you are siding with him.
This says a lot about you in that it appears you are fully defending the scumbag George Soros. They have every right to hate that evildoer
Why don't you move over there and help them. They could use you. God knows you screwed New York over enough.
Government turning against its citizens....sounds too familiar these days.
Am I being naive to ask, if we need the vampire Soros in everything? Maybe start dealing with other people? 
@POTUS
We are getting overrun. Is it time to panic? I'm seriously asking.
Yep panic. Patriots have united to save our constitution and duly elected president. So if you are radical left- boohoo time. Safespaces ;)
You have some serious issues, the least of which is ignoring the FACT that both DT and DT Jr have admitted to being willing Russian pawns.
@FreedomHouseDC Please take our country back from these dirty rotten Trump scoundrels!!!
YOU'RE RIGHT! There IS a Disturbing trend that should be unequivocally denounced.
Sounds like Trump, GOP and FactsOmittedXclusively here in USA.
We're not so far from that ourselves.
THIS IS THE METHOD THAT KREMLIN HAS TOLD CZAR TRUMP & TREASONOUS REPUBLICANS TO USE!

BUT AMERICANS ARE SMART & WILL SEE THROUGH THIS!
The disturbing trend is actually the Democrats being found out to be the thieves and liars and corrupt politicians that they really are
Hungary is going after your puppet master Soros - Trump should do the same. Soros is a menace to society.
I think you mean the Koch bros...
I don't.
Sorry for your confusion.
Just like obstructionism.
That's Hungary's problem. We should focus on our own.
