Don't believe you Chuck! You lied about Trump being under investigation, what fool would believe anything you said?
"The Senate Republican health bill is a wolf in sheep's clothing"
as opposed to the wolf we have now?
You should post the video clip of McConnell stating the speech we just heard was from Chuck who hadn't even seen it yet. Why do you lose?
the lowest ratings in AMERICA; msnbc... LMAO !
On your state Exchange: by law, all Members of Congress are on #ObamaCare,
Seems to me his constituents do all right: check on the number of options in each county of NY State:
Schumer lies just like the rest of the democrats.Why do you think your losing so bad
Thank you for fighting for America!
This 20 min prepared speach was 5 min after bill was released. @SenSchumer did not even know what was in the bill at this point! Propaganda!
Cardiologists have confirmed that the "Health Scare" bill has no heart!
If he's talking, he's lying.
Sen. Grassley outs Schumer and Schiff! Says they KNEW Trump wasn't under investigation yet STILL told MSM he WAS. 
Whats heartless is expecting people who dont get subsidy to pay $1600 a month for health insurance with a  6500 deductible thats heartless!
HA HA. And meanwhile, we learn that Senor Schumer KNEW Trump wasn't under  FBI investgtn but made public statements that Trump WAS!!!  LLPOF
Here we go again, the sky is falling, the boogie man is coming, everyone will die? No substance? Give US the DC health plan? 8yrs nothing?
You lie why? :(
Wouldn't you call someone like Chuck who assaults women in restaurants heartless? You ok with assaulting women too?
He did this before he read the bill
Democrats are good at bitching but I haven't ONCE this week heard ONE single offer for a solution. YOU GOT NOTHING CHUCK, ZIP, ZERO.
Yes, but Shumer unloaded in a bad way, and he doesn't understand why.
Cryin Chuckie 
Until Democrats take a stand against aborting a million babies a year, they can just shut up about the Republican Bill "killing people."
Just waiting on him to start 

The blond seated behind Chuck has her thumb up his butthole, every time he looks up she is twisting it harder..
This guy is the biggest HYPOCRITE in congress today He's a self serving money grabbing political hack that needs to be retired

Is it is heartless is shredding unborn kids? Because that's my standard of heartless
@SenateDems Would be nice to see U & other Dem. Leaders step up to the plate to help fix O.C. Costs are high, Ins. companies pulling out.
$15,000 deductibles, 300% increase in premiums & not being able to find a Dr. who will take your plan. That's your O-Care. Talk about "Mean"
Schumer never cared  when my deductible quadrupled over 3 yrs did he?
Put some grownup glasses on you jerk
Schumer unloads crap, thats all he does. Part of the reason dems cant win a frciken election.
Inciting violence is not healthy for anyone. Politicians are Dangerous
some fucking bullshit!! They're taking from the poor and giving to the rich. Many seniors n other citizens in general will die without meds.
Oh Chucky, Chucky, Chucky. How about we pass it so we can see what's in it? Remember that one?
Heartless is absolutely tight
Let them have it. Those poor disable people outside Mitch's office were hauled off as if they were animals picked up by a dog catcher
He has such a big heart for anyone or anything that is not conservative, republican and non socialist. The inability to hear another view.
His lies, try talking to a real cancer survivor not a factious one. So why did Dems cancel all other committee hearings today? Obstruction
HERE'S A HEART-ON DAT WILL NEVER HAPPEN??
By "mean", he meant 'lean, mean, and clean" as in stick it to the poor and the working class yet again .
Grandstanding FRAUD !
Heartless I don't think so
Senate GOP bill contains $50 billion to stabilize ObamaCare markets http://hill.cm/HkESw0R  
I foresee a weepy moment coming very soon.
When does the hypocrite start crying again?
Schumer would rather rant about the proposed bill than sit down with Republicans and work together. Ranting is all he knows how to do!
I am a Christian and I would NEVER vote for that Bill or for him!.  Be sure to vote how you feel when elections come around.
What does Trump's adminhave to hide not allowing live, on camera White House briefings? Americans have a right to question their President!
We deserve better than #ohcrapcare.
Nothing was meaner to the American people like Obama care. You and your cohorts are so evil, now you try to force sharia law on our country!
Go away, bot
Someday lady, but not today. Have a nice day.
And God Bless our nations 45th @realDonaldTrump
Should have used pelosi statement
This is hilarious. How could he have read it.
sad thing is, republicans fall in line
Thank you @SenSchumer
This is huge! This is awesome! This is a total game cha- This. Ain't. Gon. Do. Shiyatt!
Trump has created exactly what he feeds off of , any attention at all  that is his handicap he hasn't a clue he is diseased heartless yes
Serious question. If Repubs get swept out of office in 2018, can AHCA be repealed and replaced?
@SenSchumer  Filibuster by amendment
Live look at the Senate GOP:
Bill went from "mean" to "horrible."
You do know obama took millions from SS to fund failing obama are right?
There is a reason they didn't want America to see this POS
#TrumpCare
Meet Bob. Hi Bob. Bob is a Dem bot. He did not read the bill because bots can not read. Pay no attention to Bob. Bye Bob the bot. 
