ALL GOP tax plans ALWAYS help THE RICH.
Sen. S., you have to find a way to be louder than the duplicitous WH. Takes time to educate voters re: taxes & the econ. Object LOUDLY now.
And give the middle class nothing
http://www.motherjones.com/kevin-drum/2017/09/a-simple-look-at-middle-class-taxes-under-the-trump-plan/ … So am I missing something? Is she not including something I need to know?
The middle class tax cut will be offset by less services and in many cases non existence, no state and local dedication.
The savings really jump in on those making over 750,000.
And no estate tax. Oh, and the tea party's favorite deficit sending.
Does it? How does one make money or benifit when they cant write off deductions. The rich will pay more & middle class less.
All charts I have seen are the benefits will go to those making over 750,000. And they will be the only ones who can deduct real estate.
Goldman Sachs needs a FBI investigation
How many trillions has ACA cost the taxpayers?
Has anyone Trumps tax returns ?? Does anyone how much Trump corporation pays in tax ?? Has he made it so his family will never pay tax ever?
To the rich, who will end up paying, having zero deductions
Forget All the American People who are looking for Jobs and need Work! Basic economics tax breaks egual Growth! Do your JOB pass Tax BILL
Then the federal government is going to have to: a) tighten its belt and b) demand accountability of taxpayer money. Obviously you're not.
The "need" to tighten the belt is based on giving completely untaxed millions and billions in equity to offspring who never earned any of it.
If you really cared, why would you be pushing for one payer healthcare? How much is THAT going to cost taxpayers?
ALREADY pay more for healthcare than every industrialized nation.NOT covering essentials&pre existing-pre ACA-caused death & bankruptcy.
FYI: A middle-class family with 4 children will LOSE at least $4900 of tax benefits under #TrumpTaxScam
That’s BS try reading the plan instead of parroting liberal #FakeNews
What the hell, Its just money, right?And it all goes to the rich. That’s not OK with me.  Are you OK with this?
Yep am for tax reform,as take away deductions, the rich would have no write off's, bringing more income to government to bring down deficit
Schumer, once again you have been smoking Clinton’s thirds. Get educated.
Chuck your fine! Don’t pass anything don’t do anything! Your paycheck still comes direct deposit and pension health are A okay!
Obama’s Plan Cost Americans Over 10 Trillion Dollars.
Prove it!
Liar!
Chuckie you should love the plan since you loved giving taxpayers money away
You've been on the take for 37 years...look who you top financial contributor is 
Oh, the trolls are out in full force!
GOLDMAN SACHS IS A BREEDING GROUND FOR CROOKS , JON COZINE WAS THE BEST STOLE BILLIONS OF DOLLARS AND DOES NOT REMEMBER!
hahaha crooks !!
More Of Chuckles LIES  TERM LIMITS 
Goldman is ur lined pocket muscle of the mouth, the DNC, HRC, Obama. The rich get richer off of the democrats.
Hmmmm...who to believe...Trump with his record of pathological lies or everyone else.
Trump of course
Paula how can you trust trump, within the same paragraph he contradicts himself. What mental contortions do you do to believe anything.
You never could do math Chuck! You and your buddy O, spent 11 trillion more they we took in in just 8 years will you drove the country down
Bot
WOW that's really strange a Democrat worried about something costing money.
So that's what it will cost them?
How much revenue would it generate thru job growth! TELL THE WHOLE STORY! Liar.
Really seems we remember u & obama created the largest debt in the entire history of r country this is chump change to that massive debt
What tax plan we have not seen nothing this is ataxcutforallofus
Exceptspeoplewithmoney
And you're paying attention NOW to what GS states? Maybe the banks don't want it bc they'll pay more, not the average middle/lower class.
What is your proposal? Do nothing as usual!
#fakenews
Obama just doubled the debt without any hope of an increase in GDP
More fake news
So basically, the top 1% is steeling from our grandkids? Eventually the nat debt will bankrupt our country.
Don't worry about it climate change and floods and fires will bankrupt this country and turn it into a third world nation.
That's less then illegal immigration but that would be for the working class ..oh yeah were not the ones you care about
And put $7 trillion on the deficit with no offset.
Not if you dems would cut the outragous spending
Well thats what happens when you cut taxes! Governments lose funds citizens gain money! Isn't that just about what ACA is costing the gov..!
Everything he does is wrong according to you. But it all turned to shit on your watch for the last 20 years. Maybe you're the problem?
Establishment going to establishment
Did you look at the details of his analysis or just accept it on his word?
Plus, it's the people's money, not the government's, what's wrong with giving it back to them?
You always give the glass half full picture. Does it matter if it costs 2.5 trillion, when it generates more than 10 trillion in the end?
Why would believe them vs the person who is working to solve the problem.
Chuck, that's called smart money! It takes money to make money. Go take a course on business 101!
Jeez!
Sounds like we are on equal ground as Democrats.
So what's Chucky suggest same old same old or what
Start with something simple schmucki show us the proof. As usual all talk wind blows nothing done
It never really helps the mid class in the end. Our paychecks stay the same. Corps pay CEOs huge salaries + perks while we carry the country
http://www.motherjones.com/kevin-drum/2017/09/a-simple-look-at-middle-class-taxes-under-the-trump-plan/ … Does this not help us somewhat?middle class has always had to carry the poor. Rich tax breaks cuz they create jobs?
Too many assumptions.
How much if we take out Obamacare subsidies and defund planned parenthood?
R voters: Remember when Trump sold you on not voting for Hillary b/c she's in Goldman Sach's back pocket? Guess who's in their front pocket!
What do you find wrong with this?
Great idea Cabs!  Show them pictures maybe libtards can understand pictures.
Don't just limit yourselves to pictures...
The last thing dims need is for the economy to grow after tax cuts are passed. Chuck u. Schumer
Well, if Goldman Sachs said Trump's tax plan is bad they must be right, lol scary you would side with the those that got us in this mess.
How much has your personal financial portfolio gained since you were a senator?  You are such a hypocrite!!!
That’s the whole idea Chuck. The 5 Percent growth will pay for it in a couple of years anyway. Mr Obama was an economic illiterate.
And Obama’s plan cost us 11 trillion more debt and more in poverty and a shrinking economy. 2.5 trillion assumes zero growth. Fake numbers!!
Guess who pays that bill




so where are the deficit Hawks?
They're only deficit hawks when a Democrat is president.
https://mobile.twitter.com/MikeTokes/status/917826484458348545/video/1 …
@SenSchumer Don't you thank you should step down like everyone wants you to. To most of everyone thank so. Use some common sense.
Apparently, you have none. You seem to support a white supremacist, nazi supporting sexual predator. I pity any females in your bloodline.
Prove trump is a nazi I DARE YOU
Posted by Chuck and party who taught us how to say 20 trillion.
Tax cuts don't cost anything Sir.  Means you spend less Sir. Although I'd argue it would actually increase revenue but I digress.
Stupid statement
Schumer..Blah Blah Blah! #maga

Provide proof
Its time to give back to Americans old man! If we get zero tax relief? Its Schumers office that needs protesting!
@Senate @Congress @POTUS TRUMP TAX PLAN WILL PUT USA WAY MORE INTO DEBT!
You need an education
O #SchmuckyChucky its to bad the prescription on ur glasses isnt thick enough 2c the reality that no1 gives a damn bout ur bs opinions
Mayb U can get obamacare be4 it folds and pay to get a thicker pair that might help u c the light... democs n the RINOs u paid/sukd off!

Be honest now, if @POTUS said it’s hot outside you, @NancyPelosi, @RepMaxineWaters & co would be crying that it’s cold outside.A$$holes
Hey, hey now.  Let’s not let the truth get in the way of another idiot plan by the Trump administration.
What does the Obama care plan cost? Oh yeah that’s right it costs Americans everything including their health!
Since when do you care about cost, Chucky?
We want Medicare for all, it's about time our country did something for us!
Since you want to hold out for your corporate donors, join the right and stand over there!
Oh the horror of Americans keeping more of their money......
Where is your plan? Sit and do nothing but collect paychecks! DTS.... MAGA 
Wait...@POTUS really does have a tax plan?I thought they were lying about that too.Can't believe a word that comes out of his mouth.
Really strange eyes
LOL I think he drinks Red Bull or something.
Where’s his tax returns btw
Where's yours? Nowhere does it state that presidential candidates HAVE to show tax returns. Move on little boy. Take a knee little boy
You know you and Nancy Pelot and the Clintons need to get out of the way of the Democratic Party!
@realDonaldTrump took job to avoid financial collapse Trump crime family soaking America; they think they're clever and we don't get it.
You don't get it all right. Get lost.
Well why don't you get up there on the biased media and say something? Mr. Schumer
Are you giving the money back Chuck?
1. Did YOU withdraw support from dotard don after billy bush tape? You support him for doing the SAME THING. Both are disgusting.
Your defending a rapist...your a hypocrite.
Did Cohn and Munchkin forget the magic an excel spreadsheet can do?
Goldman Sachs also trades Venezuelan blood, but sure, let's take their word.

More like convention of states.  Clean up the swamp.
STOP LYING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE CHUCK 
The bots are back! Careful
That's what Chuck the Snake Shumer says.
Nice copy-paste spam job.

Obvious troll is obvious. Yawn.
Anyone who thinks the #MoronPosse could pull off effective tax reform is naive or just plain stupid.
Paul Krugman was just on Bloomberg and said the Trump tax plan makes no sense! Helps the rich and taxes the middle class. More Trump lies!
Hey @RepMimiWalters heads up your team is NOT providing tax reform that helps the working/ middle class so stop lying commercial #MoronDon
ok, whats ur plan?  or shutup.
And. I would pay more while Trump pays less plus doesn’t it cut out money for education and Medicare?
http://www.motherjones.com/kevin-drum/2017/09/a-simple-look-at-middle-class-taxes-under-the-trump-plan/ … How do you pay more? I really want your point of view.
Because I lose some deductions so while the start rate is lower my ending rate is higher. I figured it out
http://www.motherjones.com/kevin-drum/2017/09/a-simple-look-at-middle-class-taxes-under-the-trump-plan/ … How so?
My other problem is these tax cuts increase the debt.I would rather it stay as it is until we get out of debt and get infrastructure built.
Repeat a lie often enough. Stupid people will believe it.
#TrumpBasher I dont have any healthcare. #Obamascare has failed. Try helping all Americans not just your voters get Healthcare Ins. #Divisionist #Libtard #Demoncrat #VoteDemOut #MAGA
can u say that in spanish
THAN THE GROWTH PAYS FOR THAT SCHMUCKELS
DONT HIDE THE DETAILS.
Hey Schnoz! Get your adenoids taken out asap! On-camera post nasal drip is nasty!
LIES SHUT THE HELL UP YOU ALT-LEFT WACKO #TrumpTax
#ACA needs to be fixed. It is a good idea. We need an executive with some intelligence. Not this moron
You mean the same @GoldmanSachs that bankrolled Obama and Hillary.

I can't believe you're actually posting this after the weekend you had buddy.If I were you I'd keep a low profile just until stuff dies down
Wonder if you really care now a days...
#DACA agreement w @POTUS
@amjoyshow @JoeNBC
Ryan pro Rich Tax plan Is disgusting
http://www.motherjones.com/kevin-drum/2017/09/a-simple-look-at-middle-class-taxes-under-the-trump-plan/ … Is she excluding anything? What makes it disgusting in your point of view?
FTW. We need a fiscally responsible tax plan
