I once had a three way with a potato and Ham Rove
Ham Rove? Is that a spell check error?
No, it's a ham that sounds like Karl Rove
I don't know Karl Rove either. Lost me on this one. I like hambone though. Witty.
Thabk you. I came up with it all by myself.
???  You do know that this is America and we speak and write American.  Are you that wacko that you don't know that?
Wow! I thought this was AMERICA! My bad.
AMERICANS ARE FIRST!!! TRAITOR!
#SchunerTheClown the poster child for #TERMLIMITS!
El Jeffe va alludar a los latinos aqui en los Estados Unidos. Gracias Pres Trump.
Not impressive
Fraud
You have never cared about minorties, tell the truth! All they mean to you is votes, which means power and money to your party! EVIL!!!!
Eres un imbécil CHUCK la envidia es dañino
Chuck you give Trump an f? What have you done in all the years but drive college grad businesses and working folk out of NY? Your disgusting
He doesn't want to help! All he cares about is blocking Trump! Trump is trying hard to help citizens of USA! Dems block all! Such evil!!!!!'
And this is a man that wants votes from American citizens.  Do U also shamelessly pimp your fellow Jewish friends too?
Mas que usted en toda su vida!
You speak Spanish?

Politician Chuck Schumer in 2009 was "#BuildTheWall" Somehow his position has changed with a republican in W.H.   
¡Mira amigos! Que acontecas cuando DEMOCRATS controlan un estado o ciudad. Los blacks están votando para dem 50 años i sus vidas están peor!
Y don't u tweet in English? Do u not like Am citizens tht speak English? Do u realize millions of cit don't understand Spanish?
WE LOVE YOU TRUMP!  SO GREAT TO SEE SOMEONE FINALLY HAS OUR BACKS AND NOT THE FKING MUSLIMS AND ILLEGALS!
@SenateMajLdr @NancyPelosi @MLP_officiel @realDonaldTrump @SecretService @jensstoltenberg shift back to € doesn't work?
the shutdown is about the golden?
@USArmy @USMC @USNavy @NATO G,C that?
Hmmm, what's Mexican for.....? Oh wait, I know; Blah....blah....blah!
You patronizing, piece of Schumer....
We are sick of you stonewalling Trump at every turn! Help the citizens of USA! DO YOUR DAMN JOB! I was a Dem before Trump, NEVER AGAIN! EVIL
Es. Verdad!
When illegals will be deported, I do not doubt you will schmooze with ISIS for some votes.
It is sad, when you realize that your only hopes lay on illegal alien vote. The Democrat party lost with American people BIGLY.
Venom flowing from your mouth, down your chin because this is all you can do. The salary we pay you gives us ZERO accomplishments.
Remember how u cheered when Reid used the "nuclear option"?You are repeating the same mistakes. One day...a Democrat President will
a Dem. President will suffer from the precedents you are creating today.
Que?
Muchas gracias Senator!
We are really just about the only nation that is not multi-lingual and it makes us: 1. Vulnerable and 2. Look stupid.
America speak English fool
Let's try not to cry, but you've giving the state away to the generational welfare recipients. Thanks  you are nothing but a  hypocrite.
did you use an app to spout that lie in Spanish! By the way this is America, English is our language. God Bless the USA
You know there's a translation in there. It says you should only be able to vote in English w an ID. LOL
STUPIDO
Pendajo
Hey Senator, I'm all for LEGAL immigration and they learn English.  So why don't you tweet in English and stop patronizing your position??
He wants illegals, so they can get their vote. That's all they care about, illegal votes n money from us! Wants us to work to pay 4 them!!!!
It's America Chuckles we speak English here !
Schemer es un pendéjo! 
تحتاج إلى تغرد في جميع اللغات المستخدمة هنا في أمريكا أو كنت عنصرية.
No, es la proliferation de la gente que vienen aqui sin estar invitado, quebrando las leyes de este pais.
English is our language and is to be learned by legal immigrants. Assimilation into society include a common (English) language.
What?
Chuck is in bed by now, this is the page he's been doing for the last year. Oops... I slipped. #Backtoworksenator
Haha fake tears is now pandering to hispanics.
He deported complete layer of economy. He wants 2 waste 60 bill on wall so ms-13 people can fly over it. He made careers go work @ Walmart.
He is a fraud, con man and a liar. A sociopath. Please make him go away. @potus hates Puppies.
How much did you have for that paragraph in Spanish? These just shows how big of a pimp you are

American workers r happy with Trump's accomplishments. Dems are not. But you lost & as POTUS44 once said  "Elections have consequences"
En cualquier idioma Schumer eres un asno, no tienes ni idea y no has hecho nada en 18 años, putz y ladrón
your god damned neice is smarter than that
No they are paying the price for you allowing clinton to be treated like a second class citizen for thirty years. traitor shumer
Dude, you are trying too hard  Like people who tell people "I'm so cool" 
Pandering for the illegal votes! He should be working with Trump 2 make our lives better, but no, he stonewalls at every turn! Disgusting!!!
Pero votaron por el no??? pues ahí está el resultado y lo que les espera.
You are really reaching with this one! You should be embarrassed!
Translation: I hate Trump and most of all I hate the people that voted me in...
Chuckie, I don't speak Spanish, could you do it again in English.
who are you talking about---American workers or  ILLEGAL (tweet in spainish for who )
did you pay 400k for someone write that for you? Reaching out to the illegals??
Florida Congresswoman Indicted in Alleged Fraud Scheme
Jeez no wonder Chuck is against the wall - he's also a Dreamer
¿Dónde estuvo Chuckie durante los últimos 8 años en comparación con los 100 días?
Yup, the price of going back to work. Don't act like you speak Spanish!
@realDonaldTrump oh,villagers,?embarrassing,bad joke,I think sometimes it does hurt...
"okay google, translate."  why the spanish tweet?
No clue, but it's cool :3
