Muslim Who Blamed Visa Denial on Travel Ban, Schumer Got Back Into U.S., BUSTED For Felony Sex Abuse 12 yr old girl
Why are you praising Trump for doing what he should have done from Day 1 while he's commiting treason and obstructing justice every day?
I think it's more of a backhanded compliment tweet from Schumer coming, as it does, in the midst of the  hitting the fan.
How is the  hitting the fan exactly? I don't see any evidence but lots of mass liberal hysteria.
People w/ MAGA in their twitter bio walk around coated in so much they hardly ever notice any more.
Dude, think the anxiety is adding to your hysteria.
Do you realize that people can actually read your tweets & see your "media"?
History will record that..Charles Ellis Schumer was responsible for the demise of the Democrat Party.He had his own agenda..said FU America!
Why is anyone in Washington being issued any kind of ethics policy waiver ???  I don't  understand why they are issued at all.
The ethic rules exist for reasons & if these people can't work within them, should they be working for the administration at all?
Chuckle get the hate out of your heart
I think it best you believe liar in chief
Just get over your loss move along

Nice chant!

I'm calling for a special prosecutor in the 2008 election of Obama as Schumer is clearly colluding with Russians
Wasn't that the first thing they wanted to do out of the gate. I think that spoke volumes looking back on the last 150  LONG days
Don't forget there should be enough 2 @ImpeachTrump & the Dem Party can't forget that He's dangerous 2 our country & he needs 2B thrown out

Yeah the whole country is tired of winning especially the poor and the sick
Y does Chuck want Lobbyists & Congress to be interchangeable?  Job security?Lose seat in congress, turn to lobby.  Sell insider influence
Satisfactory
Chuck Schumer hate will be available soon
Perhaps he should be like psychopath in Chief and have no feelings of empathy for anyone but himself.
Only because of the immediate backlash by the country
Nice going, Chuckie.  Didn't think ya were capable of gladness
This will certainly help with some transparency

HERE IT IS! The Donald Trump Supporter RALLY SONG BY HENRY DAVIS!!@JJCarafano 
How about you stop with your lies & deal with the fact that you can't handle You lost. 
Term limits Mr President. Make this trash resign.
Maybe you should reverse YOUR course on illegals and refugees!

This weekend in the Hamptons I spoke to many people who voted for you. All of them said they will never vote for you again.  Self exploding
Trump has always been a champion for eliminating the Washington Swamp. You're in the queue! Ha!
The ban was mean spirited , 23000 known terrorist living in UK
Nothing but obstructionist's We don't want socialism!!!
Im sorry but you and your radical lying liberal coharts are the problem!!!!



These are my first two I'm going to look to have more made with larger print anyone want one
Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia
Here we have the top two most corrupt politicians that ever sat in  government
Chuck Schumer drowning in his own shit
Chuck Schumer drowning is his own shit
Chuck Schumer wasn't you that cause a run on the banks ? Pretty sure it was you dope
Impeach Chuck Schumer for interfering with the federal government
It's Trump's MO: literally oppose every single thing (TxRtrn?) to see how much he can "get away w" some things he relents to look malleable
Please watch FOX if you want the truth & facts! As a CNN fan for years I can't believe how much false news they spread!
You cant sh!t up.!!!HW doesnt have anything on Trumps Crew. HOUSE OF CARDS IS TAME compared to reality
The constant hate and attacks by the left is turning Americans off, they are actually making themselves look bad!
Trump started out Live comedy , turned into a nightmarish D rated horror movie to Spy thriller in live time- INSAIN  you cant make this up
Now Chuck theres Nothing to be glad about until the people committing ESPIONAGE & TREASON are indited and convicted
Tose would be-You,Warren,Pelosi,Fienstien, Bernie, Jerry Brown are the only Dems they know. Luckily you all have the most passion& Sincere
I will believe it when I see them.
F**K YOU,and all of the Democrat Party you are a p.o.s.
Blah blah blah
YOU SAID I COULD KEEP MR DOCTOR - LIES YOU SAID THE DEDUCTIBLE WOULD NOT GO UP - LIES... now you want me to believe YOU...HELL NO!!!!!!!
Charles Krauthammer Calls For The Arrest Of Barack Hussein Obama (Video) Noose Is Tightening On Illegal President-chucky is complicit
The bar is set so low when it comes to Trump's regime. He's just doing what any other Pres should do and WOW! Look at him! Kudos! Nope. BS.
How did this all happen on the Dems watch? Get the compromised coup gov. out of power!
KARMA COMING BABE, THE PEDO GANG IS BUSTED
The WH stated in the NYT article 'clarification, not a reversal on this'. Indeed it would be a reversal as they were not complying before.
Don't let Obama get bk with this. Look how he BROKE THE LAW and even used the FBI to do it.

https://www.myjw.org/wta/display.php?M=260893&C=aaa400f0e153b92e36f453f6a139d072&E=harleygirlfun%2540gmail.com&L=39&N=131&S=896&AGENCY=jw …
 PPL KNOW THE TRUTH. COURT ORDER FILED.
Well we know where the  phrase fake news came from now, Trump knew it was fake news
Chuck question... Will you be a senator that history shows as COLLUDING against the great USA?
Some of your PAST comments makes me wonder...
fake news!!!!!
Sen You are being fooled by the fool They threw a bread crumb This reversal is nothing compared to what is hidden & You should be demanding!
Are you gunna squeal on you fellow democrats when the hammer falls like Weiner? Party looks to be over buddy boy the internet knows:) kek
Shut up Chunky.
OAN- Offers 100K for information regarding mysterious murder of Seth Rich. Email: Tips@OANN>com    DNC has not contributed to this reward?
Med Mod Act passed congress with a vote of 213 -217.  213 members of congress knew that the taxpayer was screwed.  Schumer voted for monply
Medicare Modernization Act gave Drug industry a monopoly.  Allowed Durg Co's as an industry, to set a single price against Medicare? Corrupt
Taxpayers find themselves represented by a corrupted congress who benefits from lobby firm donations & bribes.  Med Mod Act, is example.
Revolvers,can either run 4 congress & win, or they can lose & work 4 a lobby firm. Either way, their experience & contacts R valuable 2 loby
Lobbyists move between congress & lobby firms.  They know the ropes of congress, even have close associations.  They R called revolvers?
You arent one that should make points on ethics
Dont see any weekend tweets or u pushing pelosi to file for impeachment.maybe u need a new job
Lobbyists work 4 pvt industry, what benefits pvt industry is not benefit 4 consumers. Y should wealthy lobbyist have pvt time w/lawmakers?
John Podesta's brother Tony, is head of wealthiest lobby group in Washington?  It all goes full circle.  Lobbyists should be illegal !
The DNC has been funded by billionaire Soros.  He has corrupted our congress & uses the DNC 4 organized crime.  Vote these liars out in 2018
The DNC has been caught cheating Sanders campaign. Brazile & CNN were caught cheating campgn questions.  Now Podesta's revenge on Seth Rich
Thank God, Pres Trump knocked them off there purchased pedestal.  They were so sure that 1Billion $, Control of DOJ, FBI & WPD was enough.
DNC is nothing more than organized crime.  They have lied, cheated & even murdered to take power.  Wasserman, Brazile, Podesta & Hillary.
Why would Donna Brazile be alerted by WPD?  Brazile contacts Seth's family 2 either threaten or bribe.  Either way, family tells PI 2 quit?
Pvt investigator acting 4 Seth's family, makes inquiries into the murder.  WPD, not only resistant, they contact Donna Brazile to report?
Coincidence?  DNC staffer Seth Rich released 44,053 emails & 17,000 attachments.  Same # of emails attributed to Russia?
Podesta's name is all over the murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich.  Seth had a bout of conscience and outed Podesta's emails.  Paid w/his life
Good friend of Podesta & frequent visitor 2 WH, Dr. Sava was last 2 C DNC staffer Seth Rich?  Y did Seth die from non lethal wounds?
Anonymous resident Dr who claims wounds, not lethal, was told to not make rounds on Seth.  Instead, Dr Sava took case & last 2 C Seth alive.
DNC staffer Seth Rich was talking 2 responding police.  4th yr surgery resident who treated Seth said wounds were not life threatening?
WH log shows both Flu City Mgr & attending physician visited the WH days before the Murder of Seth Rich?  Coincidence, my ass.
DNC staffer, Seth Rich, last seen at local bar, Flu City.  Manager of Flu City bar visited WH 4 days B 4 Seth's murder? Coincidence, my ass
Kim Dotcom, profess'l hacker & friend of murdered Seth Rich, wants FBI 2 include Seth's death in Russia investigation.  Kim wants 2 testify
Close friend of murdered DNC staffer, Seth Rich, claims he has proof that Seth leaked Podesta's emails to FBI.
Why...so it gives you something more to criticize?  We all know you serve no moral or noble purpose.
Murder of Seth Rich-FBI took Seth's laptop for forensic evaluation.  FBI now claims, they don't have it & refers to WPD.  Laptop is missing.
Murder of Seth Rich - Video  from adjacent convenient store now missing?  Family claims it showed Seth collapsing between two men.
Murder of Seth Rich- Two responding officers, both wearing body cams, captured no video?  Robbery my ass!
Sen Schumer should be the last person on earth to talk about ethics. The man is a Pathological lier.
Podesta's ex-sister in law is Head of Washington Police Foundation.  Attending doctor to Seth Rich, personal friend of John Podesta.
WPD- says murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich was robbery gone bad?  Seth still had wads of cash, cell phone & watch?  Robbery my ass!
DNC staffer is believed 2 B source of DNC email leak.  Murdered, days B4 he was 2 testify about voter fraud & Hillary's emails.  Rusa my ass
OAN - offers 100K for information regarding the mysterious murder of DNC staffer, Seth Rich.  Email: Tips@OANN.com  DNC has not contributed
Could you remind your fellow politicians giving speeches at college graduations, the graduation is about them, not a political rally.
HC insurance, AHCA -  Schumer says, ACHA should not disadvantage Ins. Co's, He wants a level playing field for Insurance industry? Traitor!
Student loan incentives?  I guess interest on a government guaranteed loan isn't enough for Schumer's greedy sponsors?
Both Obama & Trump realize that lobbyists are experts and their knowledge is needed.  Hooray for them. MSM should quit demonizing lobbyists
HC & Education & Reconciliation Act-Schumer says, he wants to give doctors full fee?  Wants 2 give banks incentives, 2 make student loans?
Don't take my word, turn to Wikipedia, Healthcare & Education Reconciliation Act, under history.
Trump and his entourage is under investigation and indeed may have committed treason. Why should he be allowed to make important decisions?
Wish you had ethics
Schumer has passed the most lobbyist favored legislation.  He takes the side of Doctors & banks over the well being of constituents.
Lobbyist breed corruption among our legislators.  More lobbyists in healthcare industry than nay other, & C what happened to the cost of HC
Why would U B in favor of lobbyists?  Professional manipulators who bribe congress to pass favorable legislation 4 pvt corporations. Corrupt
this isn't trump's decision,  but his lawyer's.
win. thanks to all who fought this one
@SenSchumer How does it feel for your entire career to be summed up as an obstructionist? You're kinda like a clogged toilet.
@SenSchumer and @BilldeBlasio R busy as obstructionist against Trump and do nothing about NY democrat Swartz who is arrested for kiddie porn
Until recently this Sicko was a staffer for @BilldeBlasio
Fake leaked news from the NY TIMES
You, commenting on ethics is a big laugh
Senator, the more you talk and post the more ignorant you appear. Chill out and plan what you want to say more carefully.
Schumer....let it go Man!!!!!! U lost!!!!

There should be no waivers on ethics, secret or not.
Trump doing the work of a great president in the face of organized obstruction from the bitter do nothing leftist socialist party. #MAGA
How are they socialist?
If you really desire to know the truth you can easily find it. Democrats are always trying to Redistribute Wealth, grow gov and regulations
Anti Guns, despise freedom of speech from Conservatives and the list could go on and on
Really? I feel pretty fee.Ps:The gun issue really is a non issue.As a democracy if we wanted to broaden their use then we could via a vote!

So presidential, that Trump. 
Plantation mentality
A county that had voted Democrat for 144 years

Switched and voted for Republican Donald Trump

Video http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8044671/1/ …
THE PEOPLE WILL BE GLAD WHEN YOU ARE VOTED OUT OF OFFICE OBSTRUCTIONIST FRAUD
Too little, too late. We are so beyond this now.
Still winning?
Revoke Jared's security clearance .
's  & T T T's  Schumer they are coming!!!!
We want them to read and sign the ethics agreements not waivers.
@MarkWarner Thank you, Senator, for forging ahead. Keep going!  Virginians support you!
U don't wonder why the Russians gave him 6 million dollars
Yes!  They got ONE right.
Come on Chuck....you are only glad if it serves your incredible selfish agenda!
If u worried about the economy as much as u did policing the white house we'd all be rich!! And debt would be paid off. Apply urself 2 good
Trump will go down in history as one of the greatest President in your life time. Be ashamed you are on the wrong side of it.
Yes he will & I bet by the time it's all said & done we're gonna find  old Schumer & and his spazzed out who am I girl Fr will have trouble
Don't think so all you have is miss-direction  and you should be ashamed
Um, not sure they reversed course of their own volition - OGE had more than enough precedence that would have required them to reveal.
Sad they always first insist on secrecy and lack of transparency. #publicservants
Really provide one fact?
Do you have a life other then being a clown?
Would like to be hopeful, but I seriously doubt he will actually disclose every waiver.. he probably doesn't even keep track.
With all due respect..the man and his family and associates are apparently #TraitorsInTheWH....stop being nice to them...#FightFireWithFire
Your just another HATER! get over it! Get facts of the truth, DON'T be another follower of untrue gossip! FOX IS TRUTH!
New WH lawyer is familiar with the Ricco  act
The American people have a right to know. Stay diligent and stand strong.
Hi there...traitors in the White House. Oy vey
Donald J Trump should be in jail.
WTF?? We have ethics waivers? No wonder our gov't is fucked up & everybody is corrupt #jared #maddowblog #msnbc #cnn
Great news
WH wants to show the other dirty hands so those folks/entities will be defensive too.
Schumer @realDonaldTrump n his family going to jail for colluding with Russians. NYK needs to do early New Year party when it goes down.
Bot
How about you fessing up to Obama spying on civilians for years against 4th amendment

Okay fine but America can't wait any longer for impeachment bc we're not going to have a democracy much longer
Another bot
I guess they figured that's the least of their worries! #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
With this administration, that could change again tomorrow.
chuckie, this billionaire KNOWS what he is doing for our Country. What have you done?
Squeeze his nuts
DT shouted to the world about lobbyists, & then learned WH was giving them waivers-OMG. Not to worry, Chuck, the WH is going out of business
Kushner's back-channel attempt is the second we know about.
Might want to wait till someone actually gets them. Then look for eraser marks
Hey Chuck, put your hands in your pockets and check for balls...no? Obviously.
he knows the system there is no shirt cutting this
Wtf... You have a revolving door with lobbiest take kick back and your worried about Trump Chucky give it a break your as corrupt  they come
Not in the name of being transparent, I'm sure.

I'm glad you know you're deplorable.
They fixed them.
Please cry again , its funny
HA! What did you call it? An "administration"? You and your whacky euphemisms. Try 'temporary occupants." They're traitors after all, no?
IT'S EXXON/TILLERSON TO GET TO BILLIONS IN OIL! TRUMP ERASES REQ THEY REPORT LARGE PYMTS WHILE HIDES HUS TAXES? GO AFTER EXXON!
