Why should my healthcare premiums pay for your bad life decisions?
Most states have no plan currently and that is due to Ds nice Job
It doesn't seem like the @GOP #DeathCare plan covers much of anything except tax breaks for the wealthy....That's covered. #AHCAKills
How do u know? U have not seen it, nor has Chuck. He is just a puppet for the Washington swamp.
Oh for gods sake...They've released it and everyone now knows the contents.  Educate yourself or just shut up.
And my tweet was before that. Fool.
Get with Cruz and Paul asap.
HYPOCRITE the UNAFFORDABLE CARE ACT did t cover it either, but you won't report that now will you SCHMUCKY!
SHOULDNT BE A DRUG USER !!
Good. I'm disabled and i can't afford to pay for some drug addicts addiction. Tks to obummercare my family pays $7000 a yr now for ins.
Please refer to Oct 2016 and Trump's plan for Opiod Addiction. 8 years and crickets from the Dems.
MAY no longer cover it?  Well, does it or doesn't it?  Or haven't read the bill?  Just PASS it, Senator, so U can find out what's in it!
Perhaps if we all became crocked rich democrats like you all i wouldn't care about blowing money on addicts and planned parenthood.
Good. I shouldn't be paying for drug addicts. It's illegal. Put them in jail. You are responsible for your bad choices. Make them pay.
Oh good point. Are u being treated? Maybe u should be.
How does this reconcile w legalizing pot?
What about all the crack dealers that are getting Social Security insurance. Should we start taxing them a little bit or let them mooch
But your plan is falling apart no one will be covered
How about a 1 year treatment on the chain gang building the Border Wall. They can work on their addiction chained to a rock and hammer.
May?
Yea, quit using drugs. That treatment plan works to. #Trumpcare is not be stupid and we will take care of stupid.
And then again maybe it will... that's the way Chuck Schumer and the DNC lies.
Conjecture.
Maybe if you have an opioid addiction you deserve it, don't ask us to pay for your stupidity.
If you need treatment for opioid addiction, why am I responsible to pay for it? Don't do drugs! If you do, take responsibility for it
stop obstructing & act like adults & f*****g work with them..u don't care about the people that is the difference. at least @POTUS is trying
I am a Substance Abuse counselor in a residential program for opioid addicts.i will now watch hundreds die w/o Medicaid. Nice job GOP!
Drug users should not be allowed to abuse tax payers money. Drugs don't choose you! You choose to do the drug! Its a addiction not a disease
tell Pelosi the woman that gives you a b****** to quit lying and being an obstruction she is old old news
do need any help. You will be covered under great Trump care.
Perhaps we should take retirement pay and per diem payment from the congressman. And put that money toward your health care plan
Since you got hooked on opioids you have been paying for it yourself so far, so you can just keep on paying for the cure. Not my bill!
A good first step is not used opioids to begin with, a good second step would be increase you police force with the national guard
Stay off opioids. Solved!
However, stupid Senator disease will be covered.
How about giving DR.s less incentive to hand out pain killers. That's the majority of the damn problem.
Opioid addiction is not a medical condition. It is caused by people doing drugs illegally. Why do we have to pay for illegal activities?
Doesn't under obama care
Obamacare is imploding & according 2dems trumpcare is deathcare,seems like USA shouldn't have a socialist healthcare program. #repeal
Either does the one I pay for along with paying 4 OBcare for other people ! Repeal.  DO NOT replace
Does it still pay for sex changes, abortions, fertility treatment and other non medically necessary procedures?
Where's the Senate #SinglePayer bill? Oh right, you don't actually give a shit.
You're so UnAmerican. Make me sick!
the operative word "may no longer"  Could U get more specific.  Innuendo no longer works except for the unenlightened :)
.@realDonaldTrump Donnie and his buds think those people should die and quit wasting the one percenters money!
If you like your plan you can keep your plan, if you like your DR you can keep your Dr. Save me your #fearmongering #tcot #Obstructionist
Funny, most are afraid that they can't afford prescribed opioids.
It's not #TrumpCare it's #BetterCare, as in you better not cry this time.
@hewhohathears you need to call it Republicare.
Read the damn bill, only over a hundred pages instead of over a thousand pages.  Stop your scare tactic, it won't work 
You can only convince the people who use their tail and not their heads. Even have your people there with you in SAD FACE on purpose, SHAME.
That's BS Chuckie
Hmm wonder how those opiods got in the country in the first place. Oh wait!
DON'T LIE TO PPL, Insurance plans do not cover addiction rehab plans. At most they give a week to detox. Even Obama care did not cover it!
Obstruction will be your failure.
WATCH:Creators of opioid crisis ALL PHARMA STOCKS UP as Ryan announce GOP    #TrumpCare  Well done $78 mil lobbyists
Shouldn't be covered in the first place Addiction IS A CHOICE
My tax dollars should not go to pay for someone addicted to illegal narcotics period!!!
How do u know.  U have not seen it. Fool
Good God, Chuck. Is government supposed to cover me if I get fat too?
Huge problem in @SenateMajLdr own state!  Appalling!  #Trumpcare
Why should my premiums go up to cover other people's addictions under #Obamacare?
Whos watch did opiod addiction come under aca let pharma go wild chucky you clown vote term limits now u Dip S@&#
Platforms Dems support r4brighter broader ideological wholistic future.The here & now individual accomplishments r null justpicked over 4 $$
Better read it before you make lying claims
I love you trailer-trash terrorists. You make every day special. 
@SenSchumer
You're all supposition and vague verbiage. Meaning.. You're full of 
#FakeNews  #repealobamacare
Republicans are terrorists. #RepealRepublicans

@SenSchumer
Taxpayers should not have to pay for every addition people get themselves into! Personal responsibility
How about responsibility to be a human instead of a hyena. Opiods r Wall Street crack. Vets are addicted. Injured ppl.
@SenSchumer
Again, appealing to the gullible. This guy is dangerous and really is only concerned with his power. He barks like a chihuahua
"May" ??? Did you read it ??? I didn't think so !! Do Americans a favor and retire !
If there are 1 or less insurers for Obamacare, how are the odds for treatment any better? Still waiting for your solutions... waiting...
Excellent utilizing fear to gather the masses. I guess when you no longer have a platform that will have to do.
Well then the addicted will have to try another drug other than opiods. U r such a lyin, cryin typical LOSER Democrap! Why not try & MAGA ?
Most verses least: mob rule devaluation of individuals citizens.mass government overreacting recognize antiAmerica when it's in your face
11:30 -Senate GOP: "#HealthcareBill is out"

11:31 -Dems: "I HATE IT! We're all going to die"

Keep it up we like winning, 5-0!!!
Wishing...
thank God! Overdose too bad! Need to stop drug at boarder! That's were then $$ is needed! Dems love giving Free Stuff for votes!
False
Time for prevention sch. A bandage for a major wound is #ToLttleToLate #UseLessSch

If you need representation 4 a gvrnmnt caused issue ur senator WILL NOT represent u. If ur from NY that is. Delphi seniors have waited 7+yrs
I don't want to pay for someones addiction.
Reprehensible.
SHAME ON YOU FOR DOING DRUGS !!
#ChuckSchumer you don't know what's in the Republican #HealthcareBill. Stop scaring people.
Key word "may" speak the truth and stop trying to scare Americans
#lyingleft don't you ever get tired of lying to the people or do you like the money to much
Hey Trumpsters- remember when DT said he wanted to fix the opiod crisis & would help you- he lied- your clinics will be closing -what now?
And Obamacare didn't cover my sisters opiod rehab either, so your point? #Trumpcare
Truth is hardly any insurance covers this service. Hope your sister is doing well.
She is 2 and a half years clean, and doing great now, Thank God. We lost her twin to the drug 8 years ago. It's a horrible epidemic.
That is awesome! I'll keep her in my prayers. It works if you work it so work it cause your worth it!
Therefore...stop USING!
You need drugs chucky
Not sure why taxpayers should pay for someone's drug addiction?  I'm sorry their choices led to a condition but I don't want to pay for it.
.@SenSchumer This is one of the reasons I've been calling this "healthcare" bill the "Shut Up and Die Already Act." We want #SinglePayHC
Not sure about that but good ins is a right not a privilege!
Yep, access to insurance doesn't mean a thing if you can't afford it.
This is BS. some obamacare plans aren't covering this. so whats your point? get a new plan!
Yes, but those ugly GOP are gonna put that back in as leverage. But what about Planned Parenthood?
Or is the FASCIST GOP making THOSE PLANS?
Yes, this will kill more people than and Terrorist!
Ur just an obstructionist, why don't u work together, instead of ur constant babbling. 
My plan doesn't cover anything NOW.  Where's your plan, wise one?? #Trumpcare
Do not speak for me chuck because we need to get this bill passed. STOP SAYING IT WILL HURT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. OBAMACARE IS KILLING ME
For profit healthcare relies on people being sick. For profit prisons rely on people being locked up. We need to ditch both.
Well it sure as hell doesn't give free chemo to cancer patients why should it for self inflicted dope heads
Again "MAY" 
Because you haven't even read the Bill according to your very own words 
Just pulling  out of your ass 
To keep Votes
hasn't seen bill
Why should I have to pay for that?If I want that coverage that should be my choice & pay extra for that coverage.
"May"? Sounds like your hate & fear mongering. U decided to be against any republican healthcare bill in 11/8.TERM LIMITS! Country b4 party!
Americans have been led down a very wrong path for the last 8 years. Trump loves HARD WORKING AMERICANS! Dems do not
You are there to SOLVE problems, NOT throw tax money at them! Fix the opioid availability problem. Don't just accept it and fund it!
Liar
Healthcare CAN NOT be for profit!
MAY NOT.... MAY NOT.... but yet you want to open the flood gates to drug dealers and fight boarder security and boarder wall. WHAT IS IT?
@SenSchumer maybe if the dems would stop ranting and obstructing they could get together with Reps and accomplish something!
Wow great idea!! Why didn't the republicans do that with #ACA/Obamacare ?
Great question!!! Ask the dems why
Insurance for all Americans will be great again. Don't believe Schumer or any Dems. Trump cares about AMERICANS. Dems do not.
please have some integrity some
Mirrors ppl who pay for their own health insurance privately. I have worked in recovery field, I have experience in this area.
Also, treatment only works if person wants to change and is willing to commit to other, ongoing supports.
Our idiotic healthcare system created the opioid addiction. On purpose. For profit.
Exactly !
everything is may give some facts for your obstructionist ways
Ok Cryin' Chuck 
At least you can read it before you pass it not pass before you can read it
MANY Americans chose no OCare because it was cheaper to pay Penalty instead of insurance.
You are so out of touch
Work for Americans not your own party.
Amazing you read and understand this bill sooooooo quickly. #FuckChuck
Why should I have to pay higher premiums for something that doesn't apply to me?
I suggest you get your facts straight. You don't need more time than 10hours. To debate bill.
O'care is terrible with drug/alcohol treatment.  I know because I lost my daughter last year.  You are fear mongering.
I am so sorry for your loss My family has been touched by addiction too.
#HealthcareBill #TrumpCareTen
You say "may" ! You said you just got the bill so how do you have a prepared speech ?? You haven't read it- that's what you sid
If you need treatment got opioid addiction, your plan may no longer cover it under #ObamaCare
Is this one hitting close to home?
Get your caucus to PROTEST every day on steps of Capitol. People will join you. No time for off days @SenSchumer PROTEST NOW
"let's pass this bill so we can read what's in it"... oh how your memory is short
But GOP promised to do something about Opios Epidemic. Was there something to let the users die quicker?
#TrumpCareTen
Either way your F***

The damage Trump has already done to allies, #trumpcare, potential trade war and war will take DECADES to recover.
Like what?
ah, hell...them druggies don' desurve no helth kare nohow...#deportMcConnell
Funny you say that considering how much money you take from those pushing the pills and getting Americans hooked. Crocodile tears again!
If you need _treatment_ for _anything_, your plan may no longer cover it under #Trumpcare #AHCA.
And all these opioid addicted Trumpkins will still blame Obama and Clinton. Not because they are high, but because they are stupid.
I'm proud to be a Trumpkin... The Democrats have no party leader. They have thugs and that's it. Good luck with that old man!
Please show a chart of insurance comp profits and share prices on the Senate floor
And probably gives lots of money to big pharma.
Trump wants medicine to be produced in the US instead of India n China etc
