Ppl are going 2 have 2 work with their State legislatures to recover personal protection, at least until there is a pro-ppl Fed gov't again.
What can we do to fight it. Who do we have to fire...Verizon?
We the people demand you & the other sleazy #democRATS STOP obstructing @POTUS @realDonaldTrump!!! @seanspicer @PressSec @GOP @Reince #MAGA

What about we get consent from "incidentally collected" private citizens before the Obama Admin unmasked them without a warrant?
Sir, ANY selling of online activity sharing private healthcare matters will meet with HIPPA fines and penalties. Employers will fire ppl
Rolling back privacy laws is outrageous!
Why wasn't it filibustered as well??
Chucky doesn't mind when Democrats spy on & unmask innocent people!
@SharylAttkisson 
Ask Sharyl about lack of privacy.
ATT already sells. Bill is good to defeat $atan $oros
AT&T Is Spying on Americans for Profit, New Documents Reveal
GOP seems to want to push this through, could they have a strategic reason? Use this info to target voters in future?
Why! Makes no sense that Congress would give up their own personal rights and mine without consideration.
Why are we not more angry about this? I'll get the foghorn. Sen Schumer, you get the horses. Dragging these people out of bed!
Don't worry we are already building  $$ to buy their browser histories!! They can bet all will be published EVERYWHERE!!!
Retire
So if I order a prescription online, & my browser history is sold it's AGAINST the HIPAA law ! PERIOD !!!!!
We know how much you care about respect for privacy. Your acting doesn't persuade because we've seen all of your faces, fake tears and all
Why are you not calling for investigation to Evelyn Farkas,  Ive been nice, but Chuck your a fraud
Yes, why the hell do we always have to "opt out" of something to keep our information to ourselves, such as it is these days.
Veterans being treated for PTSD/MST will be stigmatized in the workplace. Per HIPPA this is unlawful. Any unlawful sharing is critical
This presidency is all about business, BIG BUSINESS.  #GOP ignoring the little guy
Blah blah blah
Hope they sell the info of those who voted for this
Pass a bill in Congress and stop wasting time getting news. U are not part of the solution, u are part of the problem. Man up @SenSchumer
GOP has sold their soul and yet won't let me have right to sell mine.
America is beginning to physically sense @realDonaldTrump Trump's odor of blood and filth."
Crybaby, do you really think these rules actually stop your information from being sold. Apple and Google have been doing it.

And they claim to have our best interests at heart!  If you believe them I have a lake cottage for you in AZ. All they worry about is ego!!!
This is just wrong
How is this good for people? GOP only interested in corporate profits.
get consent from consumers prior? Is that what ur team did when they illegally seized 21k Delphi pensions? Nope. Please respond just once.
I don't understand why they wanted this passed.  Can u tell me why???
Tweeting makes you think he is actually doing something
I thought you were busy planning Gorsuch filibuster
Ironic that you support privacy but unlimited surveillance by the govt
When u and ur sorry dem buddies oppose anything, it must b something good.
Comcast Cable says there privacy rules are stronger than what the Government requires. Why do they still  want a rollback?
What!!!   Now you want to say something ass.  Where were you 8 yrs ago
Please, push to reinstate
GOP uses "getting government out of our lives" as propaganda to appease Republican voters while favoring corporate greed...
Please continue to fight this !
And suddenly the @GOP is in favor of regulation??? I question their motives
Reach over and slap McConnell
Hold town halls and inform people and use this issue to spark interest and motivate action. It is a big deal to people if you tell them!
When are they going to roll back rules so IRS can share Trump's tax returns?
hey you got two stolen pages and found out he did nothing wrong, tax returns are not a requirement to run for Pres
If u a holes keep in ur own shoe box this wouldn't b a problem u break rules to force in other comi rules
Democrats should be screaming this from the mountaintops anywhere and everywhere. This is a big issue along with the $$$ involved. Speak up!
State the case to the people clearly and succinctly, and in detail. If you do, the people will back you, and the Republicans will back down
1/ How many American asks for their privacy to be sold? On what referendum was this bill? Sen. tell us all regulations govt wants to end!
#obamaSpyRing
I think dems have lost any credibility when it comes to privacy
You must have something to hide Schumer? Are you doing naughty things on the internet?
Shut up and resign Schumer
The GOP wrecking ball is unleashed aginst the American people. Destruction includes, but not limited to: Clean air, potable water & privacy
You are a phucking fool and it's NOT April Fools Day...... you are a political HACK...
please threaten a govt shutdown unless this is scrapped.
Wanna talk about privacy? Let's talk about your party spying on an opposing candidate. Not to mention AMERICANS. Then unmasking names
He's a joke at best. Even Amy makes fun of him.
Time for more hair plugs Chuckles, the farm is thinning out
@realDonaldTrump cares about NO ONE but HIMSELF. He demands disclosure of LEAKERS? They are sitting all around him. Wants to INVADE PRIVACY?
@timkaine trolled me today and yesterday with @TheTysonsCorner. Tell him to stop.
If Tim wants to discuss @HillaryClinton campaign trollers including in Tyson's Corner - I will be happy to. Cc: @MarkWarner @SenatorBurr
Where was the democratic filibuster????
Which begs the question: why didn't Senate Democrats filibuster it?
