When is the last time Democrats produced a budget?  I can tell its been well over a decade.  Its comical to watch the Dems hypervent on DJT
The Democrats balanced the Budget under Clinton. When did your side?
Yes Clinton balanced the budget by raiding social security and look at the program now. It's broke. #destructive
you wont even be in a comic book, not even 99 cent stores books.
You make me sick
Your party does nothing you had 8 years and left the country divided and the world on .  Backing Obama and it's your on the wrong side of
Sad when supporters have no excuse for your leader you have to redirect the spotlight anywhere else but on your lack of arguement or facts.
Country was not divided before Trump. That was the rhetoric put out by Trump campaign...now the country is divided and full of hate!
right caus eHillary never said Basket of Deplorables racist xenophobes blah blah & you never believe it or called Trumpster those names.
U probably blindly believe when H screamed Russia with 0 evidence & that she had access to 17 intel when she is civilian. You didnt seem to
Delusional. Holding tightly onto debunked stories.
LOL But Trump... Trump, his administration. GOP all do it...and lets not forget...but Hilary... Etc...etc...etc...
Show me the evidence Fruitcakes. How do you figure she knew who "hacked" DNC server if it wasnt turned over to FBI?
You are a comic book as is Bernie.
Sooner or later you will realize that you can't spend more than you make. This is a plan to balance budget over 10 years. Good start
You are so evil. Poor President Trump can't even go to the restroom right
$60 billion in medicare fraud every year.  Add up the numbers Chuckie.
At least he put one together , it's hard to cut taxes dems don't have balls , spend our children's money for votes , that's why dems are out
Yucky Chucky ...
Ok Chuckie let's see you put one up.
Chuck-you should be arrested for the BS that comes out of your mouth as an elected official. Do you ever watch yourself?
@ tonyfrancis
Ask your president to work for you and to quit putting our children's future in harms way-
Ur hysteria is not becoming. At least this budget makes sense. But u want to destroy our children with debt. As long as u r lining ur pocket
U idiots have been claiming forever republicans were gonna kill granny and take away SS.  It's getting tired, chucky.  Go cry somewhere,
Isn't it more compassionate to give a man a job rather than relying on govt? 3 % growth better than Obamas anemic 1%.
Yeah, chucky, abusing the taxpayers on bloated wasteful programs is what u r about. Entitlement nation full of slaves who vote dumocRAT
You'd know you're the head democrat clown
Mr Schumer. A sitting minority leader writes this about the President?  You are the very thing people voted against.  Shame on you.
Had no idea you had the geek cred, Senator! Well said.
Is it a BALANCED budget?  Yes or No
Schumer is so screwed up.... Saying children are going to die all the while never shedding a tear for babies being aborted alive
Hard fathom someone like #Mick [I assume of #Irish lineage] would go there... http://www.victorianweb.org/previctorian/swift/proposal1.html … …
Then tweet your plan to reduce the deficit, stop Medicaid fraud, make social security solvent, reform tax code - ah, silence. #termlimits
Just like the lies and fantasy you and your party perpetrated on the American public to force horrible Obamacare down our throats
I don't know about you but in my house we live by a balanced budget. That means tough choices have to be made. Where have you been?
"The best form of welfare is a good, high paying job." John F Kennedy  Do the rigjt thing like he did. If you're a God fearing man, support!
America has rejected Obama's policies w/a duly elected POTUS. Economic stagnation & communism  your party wants is really heartless.
Democrats love programs to expand their voter base and expect the rest of us to pay.
Chuck Schumer's comments seem very odd. Is he being paid by Russia & Putin? His behavior seems very fishy the last 6 months!
#dumpschuner - how do you continually get away with the lies and deception you and the DNC fabricate - no integrity and your conscience
Well said, Mr Schumer
What a dope u r.
It's called a starting point.
Under obama,welfare depend tripled,has to b addressed,also never hada goal of balanced budget
Another book to add to his library of jugs mags. And menu's!
.Tired of going in debt to support people that don't  work. Just because you have a kid shouldn't make you eligible for welfare. Clean it up
Horrendous transfer of taxpayer $$$ to top 1%. Must be stopped by any means necessary!
Say NO to #TrumpBudget
Chuck my man! Stop this #trumpfuckery
Great minds think alike, Chuck
With each passing day Trump looks more and more like a Marvel villain. Pictured here: Orange Menice draining Earths power 
What can/are you personally doing to remove him from office?? We the People need to understand.
All you want to do is hand out our tax money to everyone for everything! Except our vets, of course.
Not cuts , he not adding on
Just like you stated about the travel ban , in light of Manchester it's based on intel , not mean spirited
They are not all accounted for, the last seeing stones.  We don't know who else may be watching.  (sees eye of George Soros)
Maybe you Dems can explain where all the MONEY is supposed to come from 4 entitlements you so Love? 40% of my paycheck in ENOUGH!
Why is it that the megabillionaires got RICHER during the Obama years ?? I thought you guys didn't like rich people getting richer ...
Hey Chuck , can you tell me where Obama's 10 TRILLION dollars of "stimulus" went ??? I haven't seen a nickel of it ...
Hey Chuck , remember when YOU SAID "we need stronger border security and crack down on illegal immigration" ?? Remember that ??
No Chuck , YOU are the "comic book villian" , and quite a good actor too ... Oscar caliber performances , Meryl would be envious
So which stooge are you in this story?
I loved when you said that!
He preached good and evil to the Middle East but he is pure evil.  Hypocrite/sellout!
Grow up you immature bigoted dumbass you're the most racist bigoted idiot that has ever been elected
Communism style give their citizens some bones & keep them hook on freebies while u enjoy the filet, socialism doesn't work. Stop being fake
Chuck! You are a IDIOT.
It not good to cut medicaid.
#Speculation #Assumption Philippians 1:27 praying for you to live your life truthful in conduct and conversation
This ORB will live forever.
New name for Democratic Party DESPERATE DEMOCRATIC PARTY. They are grasping at straws now. Even losing their own moderates with nonsense
Captain Sphincter at the helm of US.What a looooser!Hey Chuck, this isn't a reality TV show.But U must work across the aisle&have him fired!
Hey Chuckie, I don't recall comic books as required reading in accounting class? only at #harvard
We all thirst for the glory of twitter fame, but would you spend more time advocating #MedicareForAll and less tweeting memes?
like common core and everything the government ever does.... Ignorant public officials whom only care about reelection
The only villain is you every time you open your mouth
Fantasy is your parties actions as anti American give every one something for nothing turn us to socialist Chuckie cheese head dickweed
Schumer is a idiot as a lot of his goons are. Cuts need to be made. Would like to cut his check in half.
At least he presented a budget - first one in 8 years
How funny-I've often said that you, Maxie, & Nancy comic book villains! All of ur blundering over the top Hate Trump speech. Makes me laugh
I'm not sure of 2018 if you're up for reelection but I pray that  you lose communist trader you're a disgrace
Like climate change numbers - your communications should be made public to see if you have colluded  with others - it's sedition
Start the fake tears Chucky ...  Btw. Amy is as funny as a dose of VD.
working hard on trashing president @realDonaldTrump? Keep on losing, big time.
Do you ever want to take someone's tweet and use it to reply to another tweet? That.
LOL right?!
You just look bad Chuck. Stop this nonsense and support your President.
I am willing to bet you didn't even read it. I did. Excellent budget. Get rid of the waste and duplications!! To bad you don't like it.
Can't be worse than the $10T in debt the Dem budgets added under @BarackObama
At least comic book is current: It took Dems 6 years to put together a budget.
What's the matter are you going to have to work more then 4 Days a month?

Chuck you are still a child.
Check out devastating impact of @POTUS budget in NY for Housing Programs which increase burden on states and poor! http://conta.cc/2rQP9L2 
You did nothing for 8 years, u had your shot now stop obstructing bcs ur a sore loser and let the winner govern bcs the ppl made a choice
Move to Venezuela. You are a poison to the American people.
Why don't you just shut up you comic book character yourself.
You are a joke.
Your comments are so divisive. I hope America can rise above it. No, you know what, America will rise above it.
Such blatant disrespect for the office of President & America. You're out the next term. #RespectThePeopleYouWorkFor #StopTheHatredandWork
Chuck your party was in power 8 yrs with pitiful growth. You and your pathetic party are worse than useless you're economic destructive
Ur nothing but a head clown. Have u ever had a budget that worked?
Do your job and work with the republicans to create a budget you can live with.
Chuckles the Clown
Senator, these cuts will kill my daughter. Her Medicaid bill last year was over $292k! It's her only insurance. I want to share her story
chuck rethink this
Opposed to Obama's budgets that never balanced and put us 20 trillion in debt. 10 T was his, as much as all POTUS before him. # confused
Commie left wing nut job
8 yrs of zero growth under Obama and now u bark about this budget? Where was this rhetoric when Obama dropped a Trill on his failed stimulus
Do you understand BUDGET? I live on one and I have to cut things to make it work. Why? You keep taking my $$.
Agreed! MoCs must #FightorVacate we will #VoteThemOut because #GOPIsComplicit 

Btw, nice use of meme,@SenSchumer, .
You and your cronies are the true villains.  Sedition, treason, what else do you have to offer Senator??? What a shame.
Hey Chuck -still waffling on position on Israel? You are always so, so quiet when that dubject comes up
Where were u when Obama was doubling the deficit  had high hopes for you but your proving your just another political hack
U obviously don't realize the way u r acting is same as what helped us elect Trump. 4 that we thank you
I guess you morons think Manchester is discussing global warming today because all we here from you is RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
you chuck
your an idiot!
You're a Schmuck Chuck. Time to retire. You're the problem in DC. Nothing more than a career politician who wastes money. Deceitful #TheFive
Oh man Chuck, look at the dollars you piled on us in debt with Obama!!!!! What hypocrits to pretend you care as long as you get yours:/
Your friend Hillary is wearing right color tonightt for your party; yellow!!!!!
Sir, Trump’s administration budget is balanced to payback the debt opposed to the Obama’s administrations 8yr unbalanced budgets to default!
Here is some more Comics for u just herd on news the bomber in Manchester was son of REFUGEE. Hum still think should stop refugee ban
Yet your budget is better. Wait you have none. Just complain and take from America sch. #UseLess
Well, Chuckwad. You stick to your Comic Books and let the Adult in the White House worry about the Budget. Stick with what you know best. 
Your lies and propoganda are evil. Your soul is also condemmed if you keep this crap going. Rot in hell w rest of your buddies destroying US
You make me sick to my stomach Schumer
We will vote you and your party members out
There are some of us that know what cuts mean. You can't stand the fact the this will work. Your greed taking from us is over vote u outsoon
You would be the JOKER oF ALL CONGRESS so congrats great job you have done
Chucky , you're the only comic book character we see ... 
Chuck you are a lying dirtbag no one believes a word you say
So is everything coming out of your mouth
MULVANEY CAN'T EVEN COUNT 4 GODS SAKE&HES DOING A BUDGET.HE COULDN'T EVEN PAY TAXES ON HIS NANNY.ANOTHER CROOK WHO GOT AWAY WITH IT.
Collusion with Russia is the fantasy.
You wouldn't know a good budget if it slapped you in the face too used to spending taxpayer money freely support the president's budget#MAGA
Keep worrying about taking care of people that just don't want to produce and put the country more in debt.  Very responsible chuckie!
When are you going to work for all the people of New York and realizes we have to reduce some of these programs that have gotten out hand.
FROM ANONYMOUS SOURCE:"SCHUMER IS ALCOHOLIC#DRUG ADDICT
@hillmanjudy1 Trump is a villain and a joke all rolled up.
Chuckles, Your kind of comical yourself! However, having a clown like you in our government is also very scary! MAGA 
Testing http://www.hannity.com/articles/election-493995/watch-heres-a-montage-of-democrats-15852024/ …
Schumer you are a complete joke & should resign. You have no desire to work with the president to help the American people & US. Worthless!
You are the joke, Chucky.
Om.... he thinks.  (trump is terrifying for average household FULL STOP)
#FakePresident #TheApprentice
Well O'Bama Doubled Debt under Your Brand !! You're the Problem and in 2018, You'll be lucky to Have a Dinner Party.Table of Friends! U Suck
@@VOAShaka @amjoyshow @AdamSchiffCA Why Trump voters are being lied to? Trump cutting  benefits and they are happy. Are they dumb.?
Retire Chuck...like you really read the budget...go home
The comic is @DNC with you @NancyPelosi @BernieSanders and other clowns who'd drown us in further #DEBT by pandering for votes. #STFU
And cut your kickbacks
You are just a member of the #Rabiddogs Society.

