.@Equifax stunningly & epically failed to perform 1 of its 2 essential duties, to protect the sensitive info of the people in its files.
We must get to the bottom of this, the murky bottom. Equifax must be held accountable and answer for its actions.
Equifax must
-Notify all impacted
-Offer credit monitoring & freezes
-Comply w/ @CFPB's forced arbitration rule
-Cooperate w/ all investigs
If @Equifax doesn't agree to these things in 1 week, the CEO & entire Board should step down. It's commonsense & the baseline of decency.
If the average citizen did anything close to what @Equifax corporate leaders did, he would be fired immediately.
I really don't want to be childish but "LOCK THEM UP!!!" gosh I kinda feel better....oh gosh look Roger Stone is lying to the press...sigh
This will look like small bananas when we find out what Jared's been doing with our data.
If the average citizen did any of the things that the Democrats are guilty of, they would be in jail.  Let that sink in Chuck.
Don't exempt yourself in comparison with the average citizens. The stock dumping needs to be addressed and the delay of public knowledge.
Lock her up, lock her up, lock Killary up, along w/Sorros, Sharpton, Lynch, Obama, Podesta, Wasserman-Schultz...drain that swamp/sewer!!
You still have a job... that you don't earn, nor deserve....
Because Criminals like that only belong in the government, right chuck
That's cool bro what's your stance on Hillary Clinton suiciding people and committing espionage to get rich? A friend wants to know.
What about the DNC chukie? Eh? HRC, BHO, lynch, holder, rice, huma, awan, wtsetname-Shultz, .....? Wy are your people so specially above LAW
That why you get away with so much corruption. Because you are not the average citizen and think you're above the law!
And your only choice for protection is to freeze ur accts.,nice punish urself for their mistakes
If the average American illegally entered Mexico,  he would be in jail or kicked out of the country.
Isn't that the Democratic way chuckles? The dnc put up one off the biggest crooks in American history. Hillary
What the F do you 2 turds know about the "average" person? When's the last time you worked or paid taxes? Shopped? Skipped this months....
Hey Equifax y'all screwed up royally! all you want 2offer us is instructions on protecting our credit?You the credit Co.
would that not be lying chucky you do that with every breath. Go back to the hole you can out of.
Oh please you and your fellow Democrats are a bunch of crooks and you do nothing about it!
If the AVERAGE CITIZEN did ANYTHING close to what Hillary did with classified docs on unprotected private servers they'd BE IN PRISON! #maga
Fired should be least of their problems. Execs. that sold their stock prior to news breaking need prison time. Martha did!
& If i did any of the criminal things @HillaryClinton or any of you career political "public servants" do to earn your millions. Book tour?
If the average citizen did 1/3 of what the Clintons did they'd be in prison.....
No one has ever evaded the law with the overwhelming evidence to lock them up like Hillary!
If the average citizen committed crimes like obama hillary FBI CIA and the dem party we would be sentenced to death.
Better look at Debbie Wausserman Shultz and #AwanBrothers Mr. Schumer! Talk about a breach!
In civilian world @SenSchumer you'd be fired for opening your mouth.
Hypocrisy at its best. So I guess Hillary should be prosecuted.?
You can replace equifax with senator, congressman, or even presidential candidate.  What's your point? Laws only apply to average citizens.
Why's it got to be a he? Are women not 'average citizens' also? 
Someone at Equifax should go to jail. Blatant negligence.
#InsiderTrading
That door swings both ways Mr. Career Politician.
@jeffsessions will always work hard to keep all who hate the USA, socialist politicians & socialist elites above the law #knowtheenemy
You mean Eric Holder, Loretta Lynch & James Comey allowed politician elitists like Hillary to avoid prosecution, right?
Yeah? And what do YOU do Chuckie besides obstruct?
Crying chucky, If the average citizen did anything close to what Hillary did, they'd be in prison for a long time
Average citizen did any of these #awan #DNCFraudLawsuit #SethRichMurder #Benghazi #Wasserman #riceunmasking
Oh I forgot Dems/Rhinos are above the law!
#CuckSchumer
Schemer Schumer finally says something I agree with.  
Now, please apply the same logic to the crimes of Hillary.
The DNC is now officially SOCIALIST/FACIST! Don't be suckered in with there LIES! Check there bank accounts!
Mr Schumer why do you care? You & DEMACRATS call half America RACIST. NOT THE PARTY IF MIDDLE-CLASS!
Unless their last name is Clinton.
Why's GOP moving forward w/defense 4 arbitration clauses so EQ is allowed 2 require affected customers to waive their right to class-action?
You sir, should practice what you preach! You and your 99 cronies should resign as you are the problem in DC!
What about Susan rice?  Donna Brazile?  Bill Clinton Hillary Clinton lynch....  really
It will take a serious congressional ethics sweep in 2018 to bring back accountability for the worst players in business & industry.
Oligarchy, or Capitalism....wealthy people making up the rules to benefit only wealthy people....
The gov't (NASA) had similar negligence, costing 2 shuttles and 14 crew. Humans are fallible. Never mistake stupidity for malice.
The breach is an act of war against the American people and should be treated as such.
Or, say, the actions of Donald J Drumpfe?
What actions are you referring to? Please site evidence.
and Hillary Clinton would be in jail,right
AP report 2k sex traffiing children for 13 yrs. has been going on
 yall had to known r u part of it.? build the wall . and cooperate.
If we did anything like you liars, we'd be in jail.
Unless a Democrat Chuck!
Don't you think it's time to look at the other two partners in crime? What are TransUnion and Experian hiding?
This is very important, but wtf Chuck? There's a lot of questions we have about you and the president so, what is happening? Do tell..
Or locked up.
Shouldn't this be an SEC issue?
If the average person did anything close to what @HillaryClinton did, they'd be in prison.
What a total scandal that the hackers are in charge. We know they don't work for the US of A. Nope, no one representing us but they take $$.
How embarrassing that our government is so behind the times technologically because we have a bunch of dinosaurs running the show. Really?!
People who have lived here their entire lives are being persecuted just for BEING, and it's being perpetuated by our social media?
You forgot to add the word, ILLEGAL after BEING. Criminals feel persecuted? That's the point. They have ONLY their parents to blame.
We've Russian operatives swarming the White House, and making billions of dollars in our stock market which most Americans can't touch.
It was Islamic Muslim Brotherhood opetatives WORKED in the  Obama WH! That is a FACT! Where is the info about the Russians YOU claim?
Get with the program. Wake up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They are all creeps, and I'm talking about the GOP, too. And some of the DNC. Enough! We want our country back. People are starving & dying!
Really, cut insurance, starve old people, the disabled, and fly AF1 to Fort Knox to see the eclipse. Enough! Get these people out of there!
We're hostages of the credit agencies, & our government. What a scam it all is. Coke users flaunting their abuses of our tax $ on tv.
The damage that Equifax caused will affect people for the rest of their lives. The economic harm that Equifax caused is substantial.
One year credit of monitoring is insufficient. Equifax must provide lifetime credit monitoring.
Those affected by Equifax’s data breach should be able to participate in a class action suit and not be required to use arbitration.
So you can make trial lawyers incredibly rich, and the members of the class get a coupon for Target?

Now if we could just take our country back from corporate America Chuck. Too much time&money in elections. Screw the Super Pacs. #DeletePACS
I would not be surprised if a liberal was behind that cyber attack. You and your posse beings you are itching to turn America into Venezuela
Equifax CEOs who hid breach until  their insider stock dump must go to prison. Or is accountability only for females like Martha Stewart?
Like Martha Stewart went to prison for lying to FBI investigators once. Hillary caught lying 36 times, not even a slap on her wrists. Yet!
#DrainTheSwamp
#MAGA
If any citizen did what you have done fix this country, we would be sitting in gitmo, labeled as traitors.
If the average citizen did anything close to what sideways politicians do, what would happen? @realDonaldTrump
And ... now God only knows what expense we will have if our credit/debit card is used or our soc security # is abused.
Haven't we heard this ad nauseam about corporate shills Mr. Schumer. I'm with you. We know nothing will happen. 
If the average Citizen did anything the Democratic Congress did they would be looking for new jobs.
You have chosen your side and it has nothing to do with fairness or justice, you will let Trump walk and get away with all he's done
What has POTUS done exactly that's illegal? Please site referrences/credible links. I'll wait! 
Can't trust a single thing you say flip flopper. Just like your with DACA. You'd sell your own Mother 4 a Vote
Well shit they should call psuedo pres.  A white supremacist then firing would be demanded from the top.
They have and abused our information without our permission. Now you can't get in their website to freeze your credit. And sold their stock
Nice, isn't it? Us mere mortals are held to much higher standards at OUR measly-paying jobs (which we actually NEED).
Why don't you feel the same way about Congressmen and Senators who lie like you
Oh you want to start? Lets start with Wells Fargo..
What of government malfeasance. If the average American took someone's money, wasted it on frivolous items like you do, they'd be in jail.
Sort of reminds me of Obama  using Intel to spy on citizens/Congress and putting that info into a secret database (according to Maxine)
Or, you know, the bank frauds implicated in the great financial crash which have never been prosecuted
Yeah so weird. It's as if there's some sort of moral hazard in letting people get away with economic crimes.
But it hadn't happened since Enron.  
Corrupt politicians do this and more every day. Hope you are proud of your opportunistic outrage.
And if we did what Congress does we would be in jail!
Lol lol lol poor baby
If the average citizen did what Clinton did with the Russians and her foundation, they would be in jail for life.
If a business had you as a CEO, you would have been fired years ago.
The American people deserve natural products to be studied not
just patents. What will pharma do when we find the cause?
Same could be said if you replaced equifax with politicians. Why are you all exempt?
Oh like for example idk @HillaryClinton ?
Folk could MOVE out of Enron territory. @equifax held personal data on any folk it chose. How's THAT Legal? @SenSchumer reply appreciated TY
That applies to congress as well and especially Chucky
No, we'd be in JAIL.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @HeyTammyBruce Unless they are members of Antifa, BLM, or democrat party! Can't forget  95% of media too!
If the average citizenz did stock trade like Equifax corp leaders did, they would be sitting in jail right now.
or an island in Belize
If the average citizen acted like you and the Dem senate do they would be fired.  Why not fire you?
Chuck has homes & money 2 house his DACA babies.

Where's the kind-hearted gesture Chuck
Will U extend UR resources while U freeload in DC
Same response in regards to the Clintons. Where's that investigation?
Unless you hide your money in mattress and never open a cc/mortgage, buy car, these companies have your info.  How can there be no recourse?
Likely he's more popular than Schumer
Maybe their dreamers. You treat them differently than citizens. Maybe that's it. Yeah. Must be it. #unfit4office
they'd be throne in jail but they can't lobby you for lenience
The Democrats have been doing worse for the last 9 years!
But the average politician would then run for public office....
people don't leak data, computers do, we need computer control, see how dumb that sounds, same for gun contro
Goes for most in DC too Chuck
Admin user name and password 4 Agentinia office??? Now that's top notch security. If yU have @Equifax service 2 watch your credit, cancel it
They knew 1 month before about  Breach and dumped their stocks. Lobbying congress to take down Safe Guards
Canadian Government warned WhiteHouse about stock selling as their Assets were frozen in Canada.
 Trump didn't heed the Warning

This thread has gone on long enough Tax reform needs to be done!
If avg citizen did anything close to what Hillary, obama, Susan Rice and Comey did they be in jail
