We honor the Constitution... That is what brings honor to the flag
Everyone is an American my friend
Fun Fact: If your house foundation is on shale or limestone, that spot used to be offshore.

It's Geology #Science.

#ParisClimateAgreement
What year?  Sure the climate changes, we just need a more realistic approach to clean energy efficiency.
Always. Sea level has never been static. North America is still rebounding from the last ice age load, rising North, falling South.
So if this is how it's always been, those affected need to be careful.  Otherwise, it's just weather.
We're smart and can adapt. But man's trace contributions to the atmospheric trace gas CO2 aren't the control knob.
Don't you mean the "evil atmospheric trace gas CO2" 
Yes, of course.
I'm a Planetary Dermatologist and Gastroenterologist - drilling wells to relieve Gaia's oily skin and gas conditions.  ;-)
That's flipping funny! 
Start being an American patriot instead of a politician!
Your tweets are unbecoming a congressman.
try working more and tweeting less.
#DidTrumpStealYourObamaBink ?
He did not say that and you are trash for forwarding this. Like most everything else, Trump will be proven right on this issue within a week
Maybe the Government should think about all of the airplane fumes that are in the air and fumes from motor vehicles.
Earth to @SenSchumer our carbon footprint has dropped 10% WE our COUNTRY did that, not some idiot illegal agreement that cost 1 billion &
How childish 
And we tax payer have to support you

So wrong  Chuck
Trump supporters do not even understand what Trump has just done
Yes we do!!!  Don't flatter yourself...
Shame on you for talking like this...
Who the hell voted for this moron Schumer?
Y'all are choosing to ignore the second part of his speech that he is going to reenter a better deal that helps the American people
Of course they are! whatever half they can make sound bad. COP KILLS TEEN!
A photo a 8year old good boy, 2nd.half WANTED teen fired at cop.
Whatever@! One more way to enrich socialist globalist knocked down because the automatic universal power slowed over the american people
Good one Chuckles but it's not working for you people no longer believe any of you democraps.
Sad that you are encouraging the disrespect of OUR president - like him or not.
You are what's wrong with America.
Screw you!! Stand behind #PresidentTrump or get out of office!!
Lie
Really?
Chuckie shld be ashamed of himself.
There are so many stupid people in this country, and most of them are repugnicans
That's cute Chuck but you fail to tell your constituents that this would've had very little (if any) effect on the climate
U are a climate HOAXER
Why don't u sit down & talk with him work on issues for the people, DNC is losing credibility if u don't turn it around will next election
Please put climate change as Democrat No. 1 concern and run on that in 2018.  Lol....pleeeese
It's amazing that all u climate geniuses can predict temperatures for the year 2100!
So dramatic and hysterical.  U can't even balance a budget, win an election, fix Obamacare, end violence in Chicago, but save the planet? OK
Stop taking money from Soros!
Lol...just the libs 
you up for re election? maybe recall is in order. Debbie Wasserman Schultz just proves how stupid and irrelevant DNC really is!
@POTUS to USA - #MAGA
Sen. Schumer, pay no attention to these ignorant ppl. Thank goodness we have you and Scott to think clearly and tell us the truth. Bless you
American's to Schumer stop lying. #chickenlittle
You are insane. Its not "Drop Dead" (regardless of how u want to try n spin it) its AMERICA FIRST. We r Tired of footing everyones bill!
Guam tips over due to overpopulation, news at eleven.
How much of YOUR MONEY have you contributed to the Green Climate Fund?

The ENTIRE World is waiting to see the the check Senator....
That productive Chuckie - but why expect left from a panderer?
Wrong is wrong.
Hay schumer me 2 u get real u bunch of whine bags
It's your Democratic Party that are the laughing stock of the nation.  Americans see through your BS (and I don't mean Bachelor of Science).
@secret service
Is this a threat
It's up to us now, no federal government leaders, all local folks so we work harder

How Was A Climate Crisis Denier Elected President of The United States? #ParisAgreement #ParisClimateDeal 
Watch http://bit.ly/ClimateDenierPOTUS … 
Schumer you drop dead, your as off the rocker as your gal Hilary!
If Trump walked on water you would criticize him for not being able to swim.
Trump could shit enough gold to pay off the national debt and you would complain about the packaging.

Come on Chuck- Obama agreed to US would cut emissions 25% of 2005 levels by 2030 China only needs to stop growing their emissions by 2030
And what do you suppose the Earth has to say to Trump in return?
If this was such a great deal why did Obama skirt Senate. Treaties require SENATE approval. Another DEMONCRAP con job on Americans.
Serious liberal melt down. Climate change...the new hyper religion of the left.
Why can't we negotiate better deals for this country? Obama was more focused on being liked over US interests.
Chuckle you clearly have no idea what strong leadership is.  Strong make hard decisions based on facts. Leadership skills you don't possess
LMAO...so let me get this right chucky...since leaving the Paris agreement children's asthma will be worse this summer?
This was another boondoggle in which Lyin' Chuck got kickbacks. Trump just saved America 3 Trillion. We can take measures on our own
Dont need to pay 80% of all costs for this treaty. Chuck & his sleezy ilk were lining their pockets
Lawsuits fill your pockets they don't fix issues so get off your @$$ and do something beneficial. If you have a clue how to do that.
Instead of whining, create a foundation to support Climate Change issues or Planned Parenthood. Do something real or shut up! act or begone
Good buddy chuck.WHAT YOU& THE REST OF YOUR BUDDYS GONNA DO FOR POCKET CHANGE NOW!!!
You are lying as usual about the bad deal for #USA  We love our @POTUS ! We will #MAGA without you!
You can't control the border but you can control the heavens. You Libs are everything WRONG with America.
CHUCKLES,  YOU ARE A  NUT JOB!
Trump to America:
My Promise to You...
Jobs! Jobs! Jobs!
Why are Dems not calling him to task publicly on many of his awful decisions that don't represent Americans or America? What gives?

Trump doesn't care about the earth or the people of America. All he cares about is how well the Trump Organization is doing!
Chuckles, when this collusion crap is over and Trump is cleared what's next. Cause accusing,complaining and obstruction isn't a platform

Thank God we have someone with a brain in the White House.
Earthlings to Trump, 
Need to have a good cry don't you?
R u really an adult? I'm shocked that a Senator would sore such hatred. Maybe u should get a better relationship with Jesus. 
Really?  Shame on you
Shame, shame, shame......
Shame on Schumer
What don't you understand America???? He's mentally ill.....remove him from WH & get him help!! Replace everyone in WH....it's tainted!!!
#MakeTheWprldGreatAgain
LIBERALS CURRENT MODE: #ButtHurt at DEFCON 1 

U.S. #ExitsParisClimateAgreementScam  #TrumpSavedTheNationBillion$
Donald Trump just saved American tax payers Billion$ by exiting the Paris Climate Agreement SCAM. Tasting the freedom. 
CORRECTION CHUCKLES: Trump to foreign #Moochers.  "DROP DEAD".  #MAGA
I am really disappointed that a professional man like u would stoop this low
@realDonaldTrump great photo
Congress could choose to do something productive but no, you won't have any of that.
YOU SAID I COULD KEEP MR DOCTOR - LIES YOU SAID THE DEDUCTIBLE WOULD NOT GO UP - LIES... now you want me to believe YOU...HELL NO!!!!!!!
The US stopped being a leader when it became submissive inder Obsma, & started following the European crowd.
So glad he did this. Another way for countries to take jobs and get Americans money. Chuckie you can always send them your own cash.
Grow up! Maybe You and the other Hypocrites need to seek psychiatric help, your actions border on insanity.
Better if Trump drops dead
Earth to Trump... DROP DEAD!
Instead of just being negative tell us why this was a good deal! Trillions of dollars no results .. jobs lpst.. China does nothing??
Why don't you focus on something productive.
@SenSchumer trumps decision on climate change is clear. He cares little about science, and the future. Keep up the fight. #RESISTANCE
Fake "treaty"with no teeth allows India & China to skate until 2030 while US pays the freight. But you and your dummies are all in a tizzy.
America First Cry Baby + it gives Trump power which is what you are mainly crying over , If our economy improves maybe go back to it
Seriously? Grow up & stop embarrassing yourself & our country. Career politicians are killing America! Retire!
Ha chuckles you're irrelevant. How long until you're back on fake news Russia.
pulling out make him a Leader! have u read line for line the agreement, tell us what it does for USA, what costs USA, what fallout is now?
Stop please you are looking very immature.
It is irresponsible to continue to act in accordance with the president. As a NY state resident I say we take our own way.
@kellyg1160 Here's Germany:
Lol...Germany...
You really don't have a clue do you?
Typo body w so mad can't type.  World News you should be ashamed and boycotted. Crossed the line 
@SenSanders @RalphNader By saying that he believes in the American people, Macron interferes openly and in good cause with the next election
You are everything that is wrong with this country. You only care about your own personal gain. Do us all a favor and retire!!!
Grow up clown.
Really ? We pay billions so China and India can continue to pollute. Countries are not required to conform only report on their progress.
Schumer you shouldn't have invested so heavily in #ParisClimateAgreement !
Why should we pay china and India to pollute . Merkel hypocrite her emissions increased,trading with Russia,doesn't pay share to NATO
Sorry Chuck but you lie. The US is still the leader in handouts to the rest of the world at the expense of it's citizens. Most CEO's support
Look at this purveyor of #FakeNews @POTUS . Many of us watched as he told us, with statistics. Congress never approved. So Schmuck, shut up
You are nothing but a liar what is wrong with putting America people first don't you Democrats get it USA first no exceptions are you Americ
Really? Such drama. Must not be that important or they would be willing  to negotiate. Think about it!
21 Trillion in debt - then check book is closed Chuck
Schumer you are an embarrassment, over the last 120 days you have ZERO to improve the lives of US Citizens. #failure
