Senator Chuck Schumer, thank you. I'm proud of the Democrats & the people for Standing up to Trump on Healthcare,  what's next?
A hawk about to declare a five-week recess for your fellow subsidized retirement home residents? I prefer full-time hawks!
You can't even see
This request for superfunds went out one week B4 Pres Trump took office and his EPA responded positively.  What were U doing prior? Nothing!
Only if the cameras are rolling.  
Just like your free flight to look at future development at GORE MOUNTAIN. Call you Joe Schumer? Tell me more Chuck!
He does not stand for the people he stands for the lobbyists that put the most money in his pocket corruption at the highest level. Obstruct
Where were your hawk eyes when Assemblyman Steve McLaughlin was fighting for this issue over the years?

MAKE BAD DRUG COMPANYS PAY- FINE THEM - USE A SSI LIKE SYSTEM FOR PEOPLE HURT 2 GET MONEY 2 HELP THERE LIVES & MEDS A BETTER HEALTHCARE WAY!
Thank you. #banpfoa #cleansafewater #hoosick
Schumer is a NAZI!
More BS from Chuck !!
The only thing you watch like a hawk is your bank account Chuckie

Democratic party lost Schumer is determined to bring the country to a grinding halt to prove a point. Obstructionist only hurt .
The EPA is actually doing something to SAVE the environment
If you were doing your job and never would have happened in the first place
U act like U should get some credit 4 putting this out there?  Y didn't U fix it under Obama?  Pres Trump took action & fixed it.  Not you!
How much is your take Chuckie?
good Job !!!
More like a dork u got no tallens nor any talent u politic bs all day just to justify 2 ur self ur sooooooooooo important chaos if u go away
Get a job. You are failing America. EPA shouldn't have power to do this.
And what about grandma jaywalking in this photo? Are you going after her as well?
Holding you to that, Chuck. Don't let corporations off the hook and onto taxpayers.
Focus vigilance on foreign born IT guys paid 4x's salary; risk to Nat'l Sec. http://fxn.ws/2tSpbfz  #ImranAwan_Arrested
Yess you watch them like a hawk they cut the cake they not give you a piece.
PFOA is in 90% of all american blood streams accprding to EPA.  you declaring the US as superfund?
More doing and less watching might be a welcome change
Chuck. You can't even take care of yourself.   And you're going to watch them like a hawk. Really!
Your party is corrupt to the core. You've missed or turned a blind eye to that
hawk is a good one
You've never done anything. I know it's hard, but don't try and soak up the spotlight now.
More importantly - EPA is focusing on issues that truly impact Americans. Not #Obama Admin pursuit of the hoax that is #ClimateChange.
I have never seen a Hawk cry before, this will be interesting.
Lol and how much do you get for a kickback Senator Schumer?
Sure you will bozo
EXCUSE ME!! HOW LONG HAV/U/BEEN A REP--SINCE 93?  DOESN'T NYS HAVE A DEC???  UH.... YEAH!  NOW CUSOF TRUMP, WE'LL WATCH?  UH...#VOTETHEMOUT
More garbage in the swamp wasting taxpayers money
Your JOB is over....all apart of the new plan! It's called Trump is our President that the American People Elected! 
With an EPA, DEC, FEDERAL AND STATE governments begs to question how it happened in the first place.  NYS corruption. Thanks for nothing
Scum only cares about his pocketbook...don't be fooled people!
tRUMP will protect polluters.
I bet you won't !! You will lose money!! So tired of swamp politicians!! 2faced bum
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chuck
Fake problem created by EPA.
Hopefully he can see thru his crocodile tears
You're such man Chuck!
na,just keep track of how many where lost to Planned Parenthood
And we will be watching you Mr. Schumer.
Why you don't care what the citizenry wants
LMAO am sure  as soon as lobbyist  get to you,  you start singing a new  song.

@realDonaldTrump Al Gore crawling out from a rock promo climate change in time 4 '18 elections Hysteria BS distract from reeling in Islam 1
@realDonaldTrump Al Gore hysteria to distract from POTUS Trump draining the swamp 2
@realDonaldTrump Al Gore hysteria to distract from POTUS Trump draining the swamp 2
@realDonaldTrump Al Gore crawling out from a rock promo climate change in time 4 '18 elections Hysteria BS distract from reeling in Islam 1
What's your cut Chuck?
Hoosick will be really sick by the time the idiot senators from NY do anythng..  They are both no-ops
Thank you for thinking and being an advocate for your upstate constituents.

A HUGE thank you @SenGillibrand and @SenSchumer from #hoosickfalls!! We needed this and additional resources that follow!
Thinking of you.
Thanks Rebecca!  We can finally calm the nail biting a teeny bit! Sadly, more sites to come...
We still have an EPA?
Yes even after they tried to destroy the CO. river.
Senator Schummer combining Congress healthcare with future paupers healthcare is certainly a fair deal. But ethics demand EQUALITY for all.
Ahh yes, the EPA.  Cuz they did such a great job in Flint.  It's like having the Joker as you're Senator.  #cuckyschumer #cuckschumer
No doubt about your good intentions but
please help after l have left billions of $ in cash prizes ! İs not it something ? 
DAY İS OVER...
Here is how you democrats answer your constituents

Portland police would not hold him last year because it is a sanctuary city. This latest attack could have been avoided. PUT AMERICANS FIRST
Chuck is in big business pocket. Chuck's a fool and has to go.
You better worry about North Korea first....priorities if you think you are a leader.
Great Chuck. In the meantime, let me how I can get my medical insurance back. Never mind, I will figure out without the government as always
Wow, big man. We are watching YOU like hawks, and we don't like what we are seeing.
Deported 20+ times. Local police would not hold him for ICE. Over a dozen arrests.Attacked 2 woman.
A wall  and cooperation could stop this.
You give a bad name to hawks.
YOU are a 1 man wrecking machine for the American people!hurry up and get primaries Fool!!
How about don't let them pollute in the first place?
What I love is all the politicians before you gave permission to companies and taxed them to dispose of these chemicals as the state wanted
NYS cries over all of this,  but allowed it to happen - shame on you for not knowing your history. NYS is as much to blame as the companies!

We can't trust you ! #StopSpectra #zeropointenergy #ufodisclosure


This was years in the making.  Who is being held accountable? Where is the investigation.  Instead your blabbering about fast food plastics.
Focus on healthcare senator,  McConnell is not through yet.
We feel so much safer because of u
You won't do anything, Chuckie!  The one thing you will do is talk BS to your constituents!
The most toxic city in the nation pitcher Okla!
What a clown! 

Chucky caused IndyMac Bank Failure, set off a Bank Panic that caused the economic collapse
You mean Buzzard cause u are just like a buzzard They come in and eat the rotten leftovers after the real warriors are finished HYPOCRITE
Better get a band to hold ur glasses up
Good! Now if they'll only designate the WH as a Superfund Site...clearly the Swamp has become a contaminated, putrefied landfill.
that's a laugh, they won't do anything but help polluters

Amazing to see the like button add up with all the people who you have fooled into thinking you got their backs.#notfoolingme
Why start watching them like a hawk now?
From jail? All of it is coming out soon chucky. All of it.
Like you do with Channelmaster? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Hawk Schumer on the job!
Where have you been?
Why do you work with as much enthusiasm on health care?
You will watch nothing! Accept how many campaign contributions u are getting from your special interest groups! What about pitcher Okla!
Pitcher Okla! Every home and business closed and bought out for a decade because of lead contamination! Yet it has never been cleaned up!

UP Chuck You are a baffoon.  Eveyone is laughing AT you.
good
AH
FY
