No vamos a usar a los Dreamers como un punto de negociación para el muro y la fuerza de deportación. Punto.
illegals are illegals n Dreamer act not legal...eventually, all must be deported. USA cant keep funding everyone n every country.
Dude your grammar is horrible!  Dreamers write better than you do. Doesn't matter, they're not going anywhere. So I guess it sucks for you
"Dude" welcome to Tw@tter, the cyber sewer of the Mariana Trench that is social media. You desperately need to practice what you preach you know. Or use Grammarly? Nvm. Yet another sophomoric, self appointed grammar police #CryBabySnowFlake afictionado
#LibertardsAreVillageIdiots
Like the dreamer rapist? Dry up old drama queen. Using illegal is all your party has left!
Mr Schumer maybe U should leave with them & practice politics in Mexico! The millions more there obviously need your help!
Gracias !! America was founded by immigrants mexican were here long before americans come from Europe!! With out immigrantsUSA WILL Fail !!
Your ancestors were eating each other before europeans showed up. Do you think they came over and moved into your skyscrapers?

Seriously?
You history is as usual to fit you best interest !! They never eat each others !! They brought the disease that kill millions of natives!!
Usted es un idiota!!
This is America, Chuckie. Speak the official language.
we are also not going to change our culture, and our language because you want to destroy the United States of America. Speak English!
Bien dijo
Enough ENGLISH CRYING chuck.
Did you use google translate all by yourself?  Learn the language properly or do not use it at all. Panderer.
We speak English
Muy impresionante, se puede hablar, puede mentir en español, ahora decir la verdad!
What??
I was born in Brooklyn, brought up speaking English, have spoken ENGLISH all my life&have no intention of learning the language u r using!!
Say it in ENGLISH I neither understand or speak whatever language you are using!!!!
So you want to grandstand instead of getting some real help to the DACA people?
Are you "fighting" for them or for your political image?
Otra vez este huey usa a los ilegales como pelanas para esegurar votos para la racista partidad 

#AmericaPrimero
#ReportarYDeportar
¡Dreamers son ilegales! Depòrtalos todos. Y tú eres un traidor y un pedazo de mierda por apoyar esas personas sin vergüenza.
Democrates are obstructionist because they are LAZY! Vote them out! Everyone!
The Wall will be built. Cry Me a River.
Here we go again. The Dems hide behind children, just like the PLO. Know this: DNC funds TV adds in Mexico/illegals get USA entitlements.
I agree, the wall and deportation force are seperate items. #BuildTheWall first.
Schumer goes behind the back of American citizens 2 congratiate himself w/those here illegally. DemocRats need the votes! Citizens replaced
Dang! Schumer is a bilingual asshat. Who knew?
Illegal aliens get tweets en espanol & Senate floor tears from u @SenSchumer but what do black Americans who voted for u get...? nothin.
Black folks get nothin but a bunch of toppled Confed statues no one cared abt til last week while Trump talks jobs. WORK W THE PRES CHUCK!
Deportation por favor!!  Do you comprende??
Mentiroso.
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled
Get to work for our citizens ass wagon! @JoeTalkShow
Hey Race baiter
In America we speak English
So ur still not for Americans.
Speak English you fool!
Speak english you demogog. Illegals take jobs from americans who deserve a better life. If dreamers stay they must read and speak english.
Tu may loco
PATRONIZING!
Here's a message for you chuckie  https://twitter.com/bbq_sauce2/status/900162899074830336 …
Last time I checked English is the official languge yet Shumer text in spanish! Himm..R u addresing illegls or US Citzens? Text in English
I guess you are the reason I have to press 1. IT'S AMERICA SPEAK ENGLISH
REMINDER: WE ARE *NOT* PAYING FOR GOLF CARTS, VACATIONS, AND T FAMILY PROFITS.

But we Americans are Dreamers. Grew up here under oppression. What about your people?
20T in debt.  No healthcare for Americans, lost our homes & savings under Obama, & reckless spending in congress.  Nothing left 2 share!
Every child baby born in America today, owes 60K $, their share of crippling National debt.  Take care of the future of American kids 1st !
Jajajajjaja!!! You have google translate!! Bravo!!
Press 3 for English senator.  I don't know what this says, but I'm guessing it says, "vote for me"!  Stop promising illegals citizenship.
If I move to Mexico, I will not get special accommodations from the Mexican Gov.  They will not provide English versions of their Gov docs.
Alert Schumer continues fall into his own basement &can't depend on illegals or American latinos to  dig him out . No jobs, no corp support
Alert chuck Schumer  = Varuna puppet. Has lost all support of latins in his community . They now all bite Trump because he brings the jobs!
Remember my Latino brothers & sisters voted in large #s 4 people's POTUS ur pandering & lies doesn't work on them they're 2 smart
Oh wow! Look at Chuck he can write in Spanish! I'm so proud of you!
We need to deport EVERY illegal.

If Dreamers want to stay here they need to become Citizens, The Right Way.
Translation: I play identity politics and pander to anyone to get reelected.
Coma mierda pinche pendejo.
@NotElizabeth88 Chuck, that's not how you order a #6.
Pandering for votes again senator


Eh?  Putting your drug order in early Chuck?
English please this is America!!
Awesome Now do the pre amble to our Constitution in Spanish. 
Google translator says this says: 
I'm pandering to minorities again!
Por fa f'ing vor. Come se dice, "fraud"?
I lived and worked in Mexico, they expected you to speak and learn Spanish!
Do they require a photo ID to vote?
CUCK, this is the United States of America! You  live here SPEAK ENGLISH, PERIOD!  My GrandParents were Immigrants and they learned English!
Buena en español @SenSchumer
English that's the American language period
Pandering. Speak English.
INMIGRANTES ILEGALES de todas las edades son ilegales y deben regresar legalmente.
I guess you should have taken care of immigration reform when you had a super majority during Obama's first two years. The blame lies with u
They came here illegally there for they are criminals! Juvenile delinquents! And should be deported amediatly!
DREAMERS = SONADORES, PENDEJO!!! MANDELOS TODOS PARA DONDE VINIERON!!!
Speak english Chuck
I think he was ordering dinner.
#{{,€£••+%#{|<'jyfdzs to you shi*humer
Dreamers are the minors forced by their parents  into an illegal situation.  Build the wall to stop future law breaking.
You should thank your lucky stars there is even talk of a bargain!!!
You already are screaming for amnesty or no wall,liar
You speaking Spanish is only making Americas point more. Quit catering to illegals and support real Americans!!
If a "real" American speaks Spanish is it acceptable?  And not all illegals are from south of the border. Your as ignorant as @SenSchumer.
Illegal aliens are breaking the law!! 
PROSECUTE ACCORDINGLY!!
TIRED OF YOUR OBSTRUCTION CHUCK!!

2018 VOTE OUT DEMS AND RINOS!!
IF YOU ARE OR WANT TO BE AN AMERICAN THEN SPEAK ENGLISH
If there Americans they should speak English so why make a statement in Spanish the left is the most i unpatriotic I've ever seen and so r u
Chuck move to Mexico and live happy life
Where are Dems on cable network news?  You practically have zero visibility .. Andy Lack has all but pushed Dems off @MSNBC .. fight this.
Get real. You want them so they can vote for u your a waste of tax payer dollars
¡Los días de Inmigración Ilegal y Fraude Electoral han terminado! @TheDemocrats
See that's the problem upChuck you're too busy worrying about illegals and not enough about American. That's why you keep losing!
@feinberg_linda @Univision chris Collins on mtp daily can we get rid of him next year please
Speak English

Pandering.... it's insulting.
Please - speak English Chuck
No matter how you slice it they're here illegally.
Are you for the Constitution Chuck or are you against it?
English Chuckie English, when I go to Italy will they make people speak English for me?
To bad we can't deport you Chuck the lame duck ! Your time is coming pass the buck Chuck ! I stepped in a pile of Schumer the stink is bad
Do tweeter in English jerk.
pelosi/schumer were the captian/xo that ran the democrat party a ground. Relieve them of duty. You Eff up, you don't have claim to recovery
You do realize we have laws in America Chuck, one of which is you enter this country legally.
It's interesting how you put Spanish in your first comment instead of "out on Twitter". You are not fooling anyone.It's  ENGLISH please 
This must be fake news. This can't be you Chucky tweeting in Spanish
Adios muchachos and muchachas.
Of course they aren't @SenSchumer they can't help you or the @DNC you would only pander to illegals if they could vote, whoa wait a minute!
Keep tweeting like that and when the wall is built trump is going to put u on the other side
When @potus insulted you as Crying @SenSchumer ..... I didn't think it was a bad thing!!!!! #gracias #yourock #keepupthefight #empathy
Every1 in this state r killed by taxes whats ur take on that? O ya raise em n support illegals... wrong chucky #DeportNotSupport
Muy bien
#SchumerSucks
#TrumpIsATraitor
#ImpeachTrump
#RacistTrump
Yup there's reason why you need them 2 pick the pockets of mid Class Citizens
The󾓦 Tax Payers recognize what @TheDemocrats R about. PANDER
Chuck who wrote this in Spanish?
Your stirring do do again.
Hey Chuck this is America we speak English here! #VoteThemOut INTERLOPERS IN MY COUNTRY lawbreaking thieves
Wow Obama screwed these folks over to ensure his second term.  Hispanics, the Dems will use you up & spit you out. Its what they do
Chuckie @SenSchumer  wannabe Mexican! Tu ERES una minoría,  tu no tienes ningún poder mamao' jajajajajaj
si dummy
Don't matter the American people want demand the wall
Dreamers are illegal! Period?
Period!
Pendejo jajajajaj cagate en tu Madre Chuckie jajajajaj @SenSchumer

Me no care puto!

Pandering
Can you speak other languages as many of us from different countries?
Chucky your causing all this trouble that we are experiencing. I bet you love it. Anything to cause trump termoral. Shame. Shame on you
Thank you for taking the care to communicate in Spanish! Gracias!
Why your in America speak the language or leavr
Oh dear. I think you need some practice. It's you're.
Dem make promises that in 2009 with a filibuster proof Senate & Majority in the House they didn't do & never will
Cierra la boca, charlatán.
Chuck, watch your language!
yes we are ..bet you failed spanish


Pendejo
Illegals come here to make a better life for themselves and their 
family's, same reason people rob banks
Are you one of them, "bill smith"?
not an illegal
Gracias!
Chucky.. Spanish??? OMG you're so ridiculous
Adios!
Chuck the cuck
You need to quit using them as a bargaining chip
