Please write a bill over recess. Give an alternative to the GOP mess. And let the public get behind your improvements to the ACA
Recess????.there should be no recess. ACA was fasttracked by Obama for his legacy and Dem leadership did nothing to stop it. NO recess.
ACA introduced in July and Voted on in March after months of discussion and 100+ amendments. Fast tracked? GOP bill was introduced last week
Noted!....then what brought ACA to this point and please don't give me "it's Republican fault".
Not enough cost control on pharmaceutical companies to charge whatever they want. Forcing insurers to increase prices. Both parties to blame
And some states refused the Medicaid expansion which drives up their rates. You can be the judge on which states they are
You might want to read Washington Posts Glenn Kessler report on History Lesson regarding Obamacare bill passing.  FYI.
That was a good read. Thank you. The Dem process wasn't as good as I thought. Still better than the current GOP though. No denying it
Don't forget ur crocodile tears Clucky!
You're the Senate Minority Leader and you're "making your voice heard"? WTF are you MARCHING for instead of WORKING for people? #ConArtist
Should march to get gov out of healthcare all together. Anyone want to go to the VA for care? Imagine that horror on a much bigger scale.
Give it a rest Schumer.  Pure, unadulterated, obstruction.
I agree. Move on to something else to whine about
Go home Mr. Schumer. You are part of the problem
Nobody wants to hear their thoughts. They are boring and have no platform
under Obama care their wont be anyone in the country insured by 2026 and sigle payer will cost 1 trillion per year
Why don't you do the job you are paid to do rather than march? I don't think that the tax money I pay should go for that.
#Liberals spreading #hate and false information because they didn't get their way. What about sky rocketing prems under O'care!?
Why
Hopefully you're marching all the way home to NY...RETIRE Chuck.
Congress should be forced to sign up for Obamacare
If only you understood economics and weren't backed by big pharmaceutical companies.
Democrat economics. Keep the poor poor and they'll vote Dem for every handout Schumer Pelosi and Warren can steal from the working class.
So nice to see Democrats take a sudden interest in amending the affordable care act. Better late than never but you had 6 years...
You are so wrong right after Obamacare took effect the gop took over.
March off a tall building. There is no more Obamacare it failed. Assist instead of resist. THATS what people voted you in office for.
Got the wrong party ass. It's the repubs that is sabotaging Obamacare and trying to take any care away!
You believe the Russian stuff too i'm guessing...Ass...lol
You have to be a troll not to see this presid not is a hoax.
Thanks so much for bringing this message to All Americans!
March you loser No work Chucky


Pride parade was last week Chucky. Get back to work or resign!
Wow, lots of Russian trolls following Chuck. He must be a real threat to them and Putin.
Keep pushing the Russian narrative. It's sticking it to all Democrats and people are going to go to jail. Let's really focus on it. Clean up
Mueller is focused like a motherfucker. People will go to jail. Patience grasshopper.

What's the point of another march?  Why not sit down and seriously try to work out the details needed to FIX ObamaCare?  That has value.
Quit it Mr Schumer. When you and your party is proved wrong, landslide for Reps will come in 2018. Speak the truth.
What R U doing? Can't speak truth, impart fear to public, lie about everything, don't go to work and your going to march! U R OBSTRUCTIONIST
Better check the new NRA ad inciting gun owners to shoot protesters!!!!!crazy!
Marching was appropriate when u & the rest of the dem party passed obama care without reading a word If u really cared about American worker
Hey Chuck! Have you not been told that Obamacare has died??
How is that different than any other day in the life of the left?
That's all the #dems do is march, obstructionist
Why didn't you do that with the ACA?
Great March you can us the exercise just give us warning before you start shooting at us Grab the other drunks to Pelosi, Watters & Warren
Chuck the Shmuck from Moronica ...folks every time this man speaks he weakens the Nation..We Voted for Trump because hes NOT a politician
The entire nation needs to be in the streets of DC to stop this runaway train
Chuckie...Medicaid cuts?, just stop. Zero cuts! And you better be pushing for the increase on that new bill, for our increase!. Dishonesty
All  you have  to do is mobilize  your resistance  and violent base to  protest.
Dear upChuck, The Boomarang affect is in effect. Whole lot of Democrats heading up the river and the sheriffs bus. Clinton is #1
Why do we need Medicaid if you have AHCA?


Why don't you work instead of marching?  You are either part of the problem or part of the solution.  Which is it?
You would rather whine and obstruct instead of working productively for the American people. That's why you are in the minority.
Keep marching. It's entertaining. Quite. #maga
Saving his energy for years in expectation this day would come!
Thank you from Chicago
More obstruction chuckie
Quit marching and put your mouth where your feet are.  Work
cant wait until your time is up
I'm so glad u came out of the closet and was at the pride gay parade. That was the march u really liked, just full of smiles w/your  flag
Sending positive energy to the marchers! Keep up the good work! We DO NOT want Trumpcare!!!
Please march! @GOP is depending on you @NancyPelosi @SenWarren #FakeNewsCNN @POTUS44 @HillaryClinton @JoeBiden to keep the base engaged!
Thank you Thank you Thank you!
Your multiple tweets r not going to help u,. U r not our President!
Good work. You're really making a difference.
O and senate Dems created the healthcare crisis. U all are protesting the reps. for trying to fix the mess u created. Help not resist. Sad 
Keep up the good fight. Dems have asked for a place at the table but GOP wants to go alone
Instead of protesting why don't you join the Republicans and try to make the bill better you hypocrite!
Give up the love  for all of our Senate Dems fighting to save our Health Care. Call Republican Senators. 202-224-3121 #Resist #Persist 
Ojackass care. The insurance companies refues to back, the one that cost $5000 deductable.  Must be nice to be rich like u
No, not rich but HC under the ACA is very affordable here because I live in CA, a state governed by Dems. Blame the GOP and your state reps.
I'm with all of you in spirit Sen Chuck!Ryan apparently lives in an alternate universe with Rhe Dumpster, can't tell fact from fiction! UGH!
Thank you from 2 time cancer survivor in California
Do you do anything else but march? Try working! NYers are suffering and YOU DON'T CARE
March your butt over to Trump and tell him you will vote to repeal and replace your disaster Obamacare
Let's see if I left work to march what would happen? Omg, I'd get fired!!
Politicians are Dangerous 
#TermLimits
why weren't you marching against Obamacare. It's awful. Fix it
No  one cares what you think! Loser!
March, obstruct, resist... can you do anything else?
Thank you! wish I were there to join!
Please march into the Atlantic Ocean. TY. #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp.
Chucky March into trumps office and help get the health care passed for us Americans
OBSTRUCTIONIST
Damn it Chucky GO TO WORK AND STOP THE BULLSHIT.  YOU'RE STEALING FROM U.S.
HC for this country must include no lifetime max, low premiums, low/no copay or deductible, free prevent, Rx, essentials & children thru 26
Thats not hc that welfare. Get a damn job and provide your own coverage. Choices and free market will let you pay a ton for all on your list
You are such a big liar. Go an the comedy circuit with that crazy niece of yours
Single payer is a great idea if you like the way Medicare and the VA operate.If you would rather pay less 4 health care, market competition
I wish I was there to join you!
No thank chuckie boy, tired of bull Sh_t.
All protesting and no action as usual.
What are you marching on Democratic and mainstream media corruption? If so I'll be right there got my sign ready! Lol
Chucky, can you change the channel and drop the same old dem talking points of giving money to the rich? No one with brains buy it.
For what? Trans-species rights? I wish
at least it's an upgrade from the sit-in
More marching from the do nothing Senate.
Omg, LMAO!!!!!!!
The only plan you are looking for is single pay. Go ahead, but all you politicians have to use it. It has failed in other countries.
.@SenSchumer Repeat after me, "Single Payer."
Medicare for all!!!
I hope you will be safe --why are protesters getting arrested?
Awwww arent u so cute
Wasted time. Obamacare will stay with you. Watch it implode on your watch! Then I'd like to hear what you have to say..Tiny Tears Chuckie
Watch that old heart old man, makesure and deink plenty, cause with all that crying u will get dehydrated
Seems pointless since the vote was postponed.
Ok, keep crying schmucky Chucky.
Sorry can't join crazy town
pathetic
