Dark days as long as your life n the senate
PR was bankrupt before the Hurricanes! I guess you want to bail them out!!!
Can you please tell us what is being done on a federal level to get help to PR?
Everything they can
They need lots of help. Act not talk.
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled don't care American families and democratic care about them self only
Not our country.. They should have been better prepared  You should only worry about New York
Every American needs to give to the Red Cross for help in Texas, Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands and Florida Key West
So what is congress doing to help?
Oh don't worry Gov. Cuomo is there. Huh? Why?
http://surpay.site/?r=242190 
Funny they didn't vote yes 2 becoming a state til they were  $120 billion in debt. $70 billion real debt  $50 billion in unfunded liability
That is the stupidest thing I ever read. The sky's are brighter then ever in america!
Please do what you can to help.  Can Congress act if the Pres won't?
The pres is responding. Wake up
Have anyone heard of military helicopters.Why haven't any of them been used? They can drop supplies anywhere on the island.Use your Brain!!
I'm glad you realize it. What have you done???Actions speak louder than words!!! #PuertoRicoStrong
Where's the aid? They need water!!! Start a book to help them!
If your Obamacare didn't bankrupt me I could of donated a lot more money
SO HELP THEM.
As usual stating the obvious. What do you plan to do to help, or are you going to obstruct here also.
Yes & the "clear skies" bring with it SUN, heat, mosquitos, death...Crucial to all AMERICANS except @realDonaldTrump apparently. #RESIST
Nice observation Chuckie. So what are you doing about it?
Can't Congress take some action @SenSchumer? 45 is too busy with NFL national crisis.
Congress can't wipe each other. The 45 is your best bet
Sorry Puerto Rico, can't help you. We are in the middle of the Great War on Athletes which apparently is so much more important 
The stupid athletes started the war
We must NOT LET UP helping Puerto Rico and All Caribbean UNTIL THEY ARE WHOLE! Give any way you can. THEY NEED US!!
What about the U.S. Virgin Islands that got devastated by two hurricanes? No power or running water.  hospital is closed. Rats.
This is something that is not being paid attention to. Good to know our representatives are still interested in real issues.
#StandForOurAnthem
So what are you YOU doing about that Chuck??
Move them to NYC, increase your voter base, the new kids on the block  vote their minds and you could loose
Time to get there Chuck!
Please  make sure help is given to these Americans in Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands, same as for mainlanders.
THEY ARE AMERICANS!!  BRING THEM HOME TO AMERICA  !
Communication has been getting through fr some areas. Even in worse hit areas ppl are fine so be patient. Family & friends will reach out.
LEAVE IT TO MR. DOOM & GLOOM TO POINT THIS OUT-THANKS "CHUCKY"
So now your killing the NFL! Don't think we don't see it.
he is a racist trump and wont do anything for them
we need to impeach him now
Help them, Senator! Because @realDonaldTrump won't. #PuertoRicoIsAmerica #PuertoRicoStrong
Why not ask @NFL N some of players who took a knee for $. I'm broke as my tax $ built the stadiums, they r millionaires n my taxes used?
What can you and/or Congress do to override the Jones Act to allow aid into #PuertoRico via our military?
Maybe someone should let our president know what's going on in Puerto Rico since he seems to have no idea!
Question is What did Politicians blow $84B on? PR roads, electrical grid, infrastructure could not withstand #HurricaneMaria POOR MANAGEMENT
and our president is MIA. disgusting.
And yet we are obsessed with athletes, sad!!
ITS WORSE THAN YOU THING..WERE ARE YOUR TEARS FOR AMERICAS SUFFERING NO WATER, NO FUEL & FOOD. YOU PROVE THAT YOU USED HISPANIC FOR VOTES
Everyone. Send $ to reliable first responders. Your govt is doing nothing!!!
We must help. Seems we are doing nothing.
Tks Sen. But why aren't Dems seizing the floor & demanding mass aid TODAY!
Talk to him about this now that you are on a first name basis. These are Americans who need help.
What are u doing about it. Oh I forgot! Ur blaming it on health care that affects 15 times the amount of people in PR
Clear skies after a Tropical Hurricane are deadly- they mean high temps, no breeze, stagnant water, mold, disease and heat stroke.
Please do what you can to help PR. I have never understood our callousness to fellow Americans #HelpPuertoRico
Please DO something to help them NOW!
Sit down
Guess most of you are NOT aware of the military ship parked offshore Helping w/food water n electric 
We need a relief package and major FEMA, civil, corporate, and military support to Puerto Rico yesterday! #PuertoRicoStrong #NYforPuertoRico
#ReliefForPuertoRico
Now is the time for total solar. Puerto Rico is a blank landscape. Start there. NOW!!!
Then HELP THEM  ALLS YOU CARE ABOUT IS DESTROYING OUR Country   #crybabychuck
Send them stuff. Help America
What is the federal gov doing to help #PuertoRicoRelief  Still needs massive relief & rescue effort
As long as you and others are still in office there will always be dark days
@PrincessBravato #HelpPuertoRico  they are dying, US government must help them, you all are being judged on this.
You all need to get on this Chuck. Get a Naval hospital out there & troops so they can help!!
And what is congress & Trump doing about it?
Are you praying for Texas Florida?
Hello? Well send them the help they need.
Why have they been abandoned by America
you're a fraud. Never helped PR. Jones Act, Clinton with your help removed tax abatement's causing corp to leave, don't help relieve debt.
Have you sent in your million dollars to help out.. Schumer ??
Where is the  USS Comfort???
Then how about pushing for bipartisan emergency aid?  PR is devastated and they need our help ASAP!
What is being done now forPR?
Send all Congress members to Puerto Rico to work but they'd lift one shovel & collapse from the strain! Bunch of losers!
Stop pretending you really care Chuckiee
And whats trump about? Demonstrating his racism and ignorance. Get that bum out of office
My husband and I have survived numerous hurricanes. The worst part is always the days and months after. We still are picking up from Matthew
How bout dark days for the Puerto Rican people? Last I checked this is a territory, and we have a responsibility.
What are you doing to Help? Have you put together a plan? What are the Democrats doing to help? Obstructing??
Get to work Chuck.
What is congress going to do about it? It's a US territory and there are people with no food or water for a week.
Has there ever been more of a panderer in the history of American politics??  Chuck's interest in PR comes every 4 years. #PHONY
A simple solution to this problem IS THAT THEY DO THEIR PAPERWORK LIKE ALL OTHER IMMIGRANTS AND COME IN LEGALLY. problem solved.
Senator, no staff is answering at your Melville office or at the DC office. @SenGillibrand office *always* picks up.
Always putting a happy go lucky spin on things, aren't ya Chuck! You are the dark days ahead!
Heat index of 106 degrees today with no AC to escape it. So sad for all effected!
They are NOT Americans. They DO NOT want to join The United States.
When will you and @SenGillibrand be introducing a relief bill?
Please help the people of Puerto Rico. They will need to rebuild the buildings and homes. They also need food and water.
it time for the Hispanic community to stop support politicans & celebrities who dont support the rebuilding of Puerto Rico "wake up people"
And 45 just tweets about taking the knee. How juvenile. Is it because their Hispanic and doesn't fit his profile of Americans?
They're Hispanic...  sorry for the misspelling
Really?????? Democratic paid protesters @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity
Suspend the Jones Act
What is the govt doing for PR? 
We must guard against disaster fatigue by donors. I fear that donations will not be adequate. Everyone must dig deep and support.
how dare you try and help people in need, when you could be joining POTUS in his STUPID football protest
And it's taking celebrities to come to their rescue because our POTUS is too busy tweeting about athletes.
Adding to their misery, they're also having record high temp's. As a Floridian who's been thru past hurricanes w/no air cond., this is DIRE!
Having the same concern- seven days of it here were pretty nasty/challenging - contaminated water, sewer problems- it gets nasty fast!
never seen so many people trying to make this a racial issue, sad!!!!
Yes, but football...got to keep our priorities straight. If you see Mr Mueller, please tell him to hurry.
Get used to it Puerto Rico Flint Michigan hasn't had safe water for years and yes people have died from it.
Next time you talk to @jimmykimmel Would you please give him the FACTS about #Obamacare 
Not your bipartisan 
Makes him look stupid.
"No drinking water. No food. No medicine. No dialysis. No insulin. No homes. No fuel for generators. No president."
Maybe they should have decided to become a State instead of a territory if they wanted full assistance from the US. Cake and eat it too...?
And the rump says nothing about this
Then do something about it Chuck. It seems to me you are all blow and NO go.  STOP OBSTRUCTING!!
Please push forward funding to help them and USVI rebuild.
How much longer are we going to have to put up with a man that has no idea what he is doing. A man that is  a crook. PLEASE STOP HIM!
$$ appropriated  NO EASY access to Island hinders recovery. STOP your nonsense CHUCK multitask and help healthcare taxes US getting crushed
Get lost Do a day's work you phony
please help. We need more security... please send more national guard resources.
And, are you introducing an emergency relief bill today? Or what?
Oh and don't forget they have been offered statehood on more than one occasion! State's come first! Puerto Rico is a hold out territory!
Sen. Schumer, since u have his ear, please inform potus that PR is 80% white. It might let him offer aid. 
http://welcome.topuertorico.org/fastfacts.shtml 
When is this adminstration going to do something to help? Could you get  Trump to focus on helping US instead of trying to divide us?
And our "president" has been so busy telling lies about the NFL he's done NOTHING to help our fellow AMERICANS in PR. He's despicable.
Please do something about lack of much needed help. Vieques and Culebra are desperate.
Hey Chuck. Drumpf listens to you. Please let him know citizens of Puerto Rican are Americans. He's unaware.
You know as well as I do they will get help! But it will be slow in coming! Their not the only natural disaster we are dealing with!
If Puerto Rico still wants independence, now is a good time to free them from US political control.   We still have Iraq to rebuild.
Please work with the executive branch and your legislative colleagues to approve emergency appropriations ASAP...very dire situation in PR.
It proves that if you live in a blue state you get nothing. Trump and Pence ran to Texas. Have they even mentioned Puerto Rico?No water,food
If only we could make sure they got medical care if they needed it, as all Americans deserve. #MedicareForAll
PLEASE get Congress & and that dotard to send urgent aid & rescue help to PR--ASAP!!
DO SOMETHING!
Please help my Island of PR! They need help now!!!! #PuertoRicoIsAmerica 
PR & VI need massive help from the Federal government it should be all hands on deck ! Please help them
Why isn't Trump doing everything to help? Oh, wait could it be they are people of color?
What did you do?
Harder still considering their own Government has basically abandon them.
And no action from their government. @POTUS  distracts and deceives. Move aid through the chamber. Drop #GrahamCassidy. Meaningful action.
Please get this in the news cycle.
And yet, "the Donald" is obsessing over NFL players and immigrants who pose no problems for us.  @realDonaldTrump
Tell that to @realDonaldTrump who keeps tweeting about the NFL. This is his time to shine and do something right for these people.
So what are you saying? This statement doesn't make you smarter
And all he can spout about is kneeling or standing, while millions are suffering in Puerto Rico and Houston.  That’s not a servant leader
To bad you can't remember Florida also and the BILLIONS sent to Houston ,Florida so far. P.R. also has $$ coming w/ no easy access for equip
so where is the @POTUS ...you need to call him out for not helping those people...ask him to stop looking at color before he helps.
PR 80% white - someone should tell potus
http://welcome.topuertorico.org/fastfacts.shtml 
No food, water, electricity with soaring temps.   They have sr. citizens, too.
can we get the president to lend a hand in this instead of focusing on nfl
Maybe if they kneel during the national anthem they'll get attention from @realDonaldTrump
Any chance you could concern yourself with NY and the US?

Make it a State and it might get mor recognition! How can you be a citizen of the United STATES and not be a State? #Socialism NOT GOOD.
So you would have us turn our backs on Guam as well?
Not at all, if they want to be a United STATES citizen, they should really become a state. If not, #Nationalists just like American Samoa.
Prayers!
