All out lie! Planned Parenthood, liars as well, does not give maternity care.Their care is kill your child, sell its parts
Planned Parenthood testified before congress that they dont do mammograms.Why should we pay for this when we can Pay for #MedicareForAll ?
Why have PP at all when Govt monies will go to community clinics where the poor have always received free healthcare?
Killing babies is NOT family planning!
Wrong!
I'm just a Regular Person from UPSTATE New York....That never voted for ASSHOLE Schumer......
Impeach him already!
Stop the killing of unborn babies ,
These very same services are provided at any Dr. Offices , 
sheesh , , ,
Pay for it yourself
"family planning providers". You can't even call them by their name... PLANNED PARENTHOOD. Y'know... The ones that MURDER unborn babies.
Liar! Do you teach your kids to lie as well? I guess you don't have to, they'll just follow your lead.
But PP does not provide those services. Women no not need them for medical care. Ocare gone will give us back our medical care.
WHILE THE DEMS> PROMOTE ABORTION ( MURDER OF BABIES ) WITH PLANNED  PARENTHOOD !
You are full of it!

Another sick twisted facet of Islam:
Pashtun Muslims in Afghanistan dress young boys as girls & sodomize them!!
#BanIslam…
He's resisting Trump that's what
How? Watch the news. He's one Senator out of 100 in the minority party in the senate. what more can he do?
I didn't say that and he's done more than that and you know it.
My question is what do you want one senator out of 100 in the minority party in the senate to do?
We prefer to think of it as a pro-baby agenda, I know you find that extreme since you consider babies throwaway!
just tell your buddy SOROS, CLINTON AND GATES TO FUND THIS WITH PRIVATE MONEY!
Shame on them
Just because I don't want to pay for your vaginacare doesn't mean I hate you. Pay for it yourself! I don't ask you to pay for peniscare.
Not the tax payers responsibility to fund planned parenthood or any other organization.
Republicans are continuing their agenda to support women to have a better life free from Dimm Marxist oppression.
FAKE NEWS: Admin leaves multitude of options for Americans & those orgs dont sell baby parts. Do U want 2 sell body parts of babies Senator?
dude get a grip....be normal and stop insult slinging. SMH. you look so childish with words and actions. #jackass
And u continue the anti developmentally disabled adults agenda
Unfair Senator. It's anti-abortion...call it what it is.
This is what you get with these career politicians. They should only be allowed one term or you get bums like this in!!!!!
This guy is a fool. Him and his band of liberal Democrats
DO Something - FILIBUSTER EVERYTHING!
No, just the murderers at Planned Parenthood, your donor.
Please filibuster, this administration stole the White House and SCOTUS; resist, please!
Vote chucky out!
You forgot the number one, BOTCHED ABORTIONS!!!
Do you ever get tired of telling lies or does it just come naturally?
You mean Planned Parenthood who's initiative is 2 pitch abortions 4 profit Hospitals do all on your list except abortions Let States decide
If U really believe this is anti -woman why haven't we heard from U about how other nations treat women? How does Iran treat their women?
Anti-women? REALLY? YOU are the monster, pushing 4 late-term abortions & calling it "women's rights!" UR accessory to murder w/ these views!
Local Health Depts offer these services, not abortions. Abortion should not be used for birth control; adults s/b responsible for actions.
Don't forget they dont support selling baby parts and killing babies.

you are so full of it I need a pair of boots just to hear your rants and raves. I really feel sorry for you.
Please I beg you to get to work for NYS. corruption, unemployment, welfare state. Please stop and work for NY. WE PAY U TO WORK ON NYS
Shumer should be ashamed - continuing obama's legacy of divisiveness.  Work with Pez Trump 4 country's sake.
Better vote for Gorsuch then.
anti women?  WH been hosting and supporting women????
Quit with the gender politics
Your saying that planned parenthood are the only ones offering all that? Not the case and you know it. How would you like to be aborted?
A bill sponsored by a WOMAN, btw! This is not something for the federal gov't to be doing anyways. Belongs at the state level.
tell the truth chuck
what's not true about that?
how much money have you taken from planned parenthood during your years of public service?
you should recuse yourself from all matters dealing with planned parenthood.
since planned parenthood provided you and all Dems thousands of $$'s in campaign contributions, aren't you hypocritical?
Why do we need to fund them when they have enough money to hire pit bull attorneys to go after ppl as well as give donations to the Dems?!
Anti-woman? I thought dems believe in gender identification so technically giving women extra benefits for family planning would be sexist.
as a woman myself I have 2 say you R so full of Bologna I'm surprised it's not coming out of your ears. Quit trying to divide us
You POS!! Men don't dismember their babies! It's NOT anti-woman it's PRO life! Wtf!?!?
We can get the same services at any doctor's office.  Free breast exams through the Koman foundation. Stop your propaganda.
That is because they are frightened of us.
Your painting everyone a racist and mysoginist is getting really old & stupid. Everyone should rely on themselves to be healthy not the gov
Or more specifically, protecting 1 family "planning" provider that obviously has gained favor of democrats...probably big donations to them.
Worry about women's & children's health! Honor God-do no harm to children.  What if your Mom decided to abort you?
Join Republicans  - repeal ACA, put together new plan - help all have competitive - NON Govt provided HC -LEGISLATE/Obstruction
There just putting it in the hands of states. Please be honest senator
No, they just took it out of the government and are letting states decide what service(s) to spend it on.
Obamacare provides that coverage at ANY healthcare provider.
why do they need govt funds for those cheap services??
Under Obamacare these very same people are covered for free through medicaid. Why should we pay more for services already covered?
oh bull tiki. pay for it yourself!
Actually, their trying to get back to common sense and following the law. You guys should try that sometime.
biggest misnomer ever. Family planning advisors
No jackass, we don't want to pay for murdering babies!
Planned Parenthood should make more efforts in  preventing.  Instead they are known for Abortions - Why not be known for Vasectomies?
More lies from the biggest Trump hater of all, don't give New York anything for electing Schumer.

do you ever tell the truth? I think you would catch on fire for all the lies you tell. You should join your daughter in comedy
O come on. "Family Planning Providers" r all about abortion. Other "services" r  there just as a cover-up. As a woman, I call PP ANTI-WOMAN.
the way U spoke 2 a woman Trump supporter in a restaurant, how can U say anything about woman! U were disrespectful! Why R U always angry
No, No those that would crack and crunch baby's heads.Farkas PP
FACTSthey illegally sell aborted baby partsdon't offer prenatal careCHOSE abortions over funding for preventive care!!
Please keep up the good fight, WE are behind you!
News Chucky....breast exams and cancer screenings are not at PP
You are truly a liar! There is NO "extreme, anti-women agenda" ! In a free Country people get to choose what they want to pay for.
EXACTLY!
Isn't that what Obama care is for?  Shouldn't everyone have insurance by now?  I had all mine done and it's 2017. Sooooo
democrap liar.
Planned Parenthood butchers babies! So if you want planned parenthood, you must be anti - birth?
Amen to that
U agree with MURDER OF UNBORN BABIES, pulling them from womb, ripping them apart! Even pulling little heads off! Up to 24 weeks! BARBARIC
But Chuck all the medicaid dollars you approve will cover that right?? Fence ridet..hope that fence bites you and hard soon. Get to work
Fake Tweet
You forgot abortions.
Why use federal funds for this? We are mandated to get health insurance, use that system. Try again Chuck, we are not stupid.
Oh stop the rhetoric  Women R strong & independent enough 2 take care of selves w/out gov interference & w/out Loonie bins dressed like vag
what percentage of their revenues came from abortions?
Comrade Schumer forgets that him and the commie party are against the constitution and america
they are cutting planned parenthoods monopoly on the system.
You forgot ABORTION and selling parts
Sen. Schumer, American young ppl need to access to healthcare & have educate on important issue ie., HIV & paps & rest...
That's why you schedule doctor's appointments
We don't like abortion Chuck ! The rest is fine. Stop lying !
Why do they hate womens health care so much....can you answer that...especially maternity care!!!
Please stop listening to the lying Democrats. They're always trying to use fear propaganda.
Sick of the GOP manuevering to eliminate abortion, deny science and ultimately force their religious dogma on all.
ABORTION IS NOT ILLEGAL, if your so in favor of paying for everyone's abortions.. YOU pay for them or go start a GO FUND ME account
Chuck do you know how many plan parenthood offices actually  offer all those services?  Look it up. Women deserve all the services. Free
Women can go to any doctor or medical clinic they want to get these services so quit your lies
You should know about being anti-woman since you verbally bullied Sec Califano's Wife in Public! Shame
You mean they don't sell enough fetal tissue from murdered baby to cover that?
And you continue to support the selling of baby body parts! How do you sleep!
Schumer is continuing on his anti Trump agenda....so disgusting...you are a hypocrite.
There you go Lying again !!
Are you in competition with HRC & BHO?
What about it is a lie?
Just terrible. Republicans  want to kill anything that Obama has done Maybe if they renamed everything Trump they could just leave it alone.
=#fakestory
Thank you, Senator, for defending my rights and the rights of all Americans.
Stop your bullshit lying.  Democrats are more destructive to women.
Pretty funny that all of those services can be provided outside of PP. Besides PP doesnt even offer breast exams.

What Republicans did was enforce the 10th Amendment. Remember? The Constitution? Your master that you took an oath to?
Its scary so many democrats think their values supersede the sovereignty of the States. #tyranny
How many abortions?
this from the same extremist wanting to filibuster Gorsuch? Grow some principles instead of partisanship #DemsDisgraceful
"family planning". Translation: abortion.
Taxpayers are sick and tired of paying for US abortions AND foreign country abortions! You guys NEVER do what we, the people want!
Yeah, yeah, yeah...just let the states handle it as they see fit.
More of your Lies Chuck.
Plenty of clinics provide healthcare to women. Democrats are on their anti-baby agenda.
#Liar Go away Chuck
is this program for the uninsured? I thought EVERYONE was insured now? Isn't that what ACA did?
What about the NYS ELA test that was given this week to our children. A 3 day UNTIMED test! It was CHILD ABUSE! DISGUSTING
what man is getting a Pap test?
And you're continuing on your extreme anti-republican agenda
It's no wonder you had no problem with career criminal Hillary Clinton. Your party has no problem with lying & lack of ethics for your own.
Not counting your big donner PPH their are MANY community health clinics that provide more services by real doctors. Your party r such liars
First of all isn't EVERYONE by law supposed to have insurance ? Obama care and medicaid covers these preventive services. Your so deceptive.
Your lying again Chucky. It is not an anti woman agenda. It is anti funding abortion using tax money. Big difference.
Wrong again Chuck, abortion is legal, Its really ok if that's what you do.  I don't want my tax dollars supporting abortions.
They have the ACA to cover these services. No one is denying anyone anything
All of your tweets today are riddled with hypocrisy.  Dems the party of do as I say not as I do.
Democrats and Liberals are such Hypocrites. I can't stand any of them. They're always trying to divide the country by race, sex, nationality
fake stories, is that all the dems have, can't you all work together to make america better
You're so pro women you guys will rig a primary to elect a women. Poor @SenSanders  Or wait are you just anti-man?
why should the government be involved in family planning
Of course @HouseGOP Old white men wanting women barefoot and pregnant without healthcare.  What could be better for America? #Nastywomen
what about your anti unborn baby agenda????  disgusting
Plez stop this law!
the only extreme anti women agenda is you protecting a practice of stoning women and wedding 9 yr old little girls
I thought they could get this through regular fictirs when they got Obamacare? Why have duplication of services?
Please add the health services Planned Parenthood (@PPact) provides to men.
Hey Chuck, no mention of abortion?  Would you agree to have P P'hood stop doing abortions to keep their funding? Let's be honest here.
And we expect normal people to protect this access to Healthcare
And you are continuing your lying agenda to speak against anything and everything Republican even when you agree with it.  Thug.
For the love of God, please just go away!!!
Recent yrs I was a democrat. I've decided 2 become & officially join libertarian party.  So done with both mainstream parties.
WTF is wrong with u , republicans continuing their extreme anti women agenda, you're a nut job! You &  your twin Elizabeth warren krazytrain
if health care was affordable drugs affordable and politicians not being bought and paid for this wouldn't be a issue!!
Wait! Doesn't the #ACA now known as #Schumercare provide these services? And if not, why not?  Who are you fooling Chuck?
@SenSchumer @Sen_JoeManchin @SenCapito @SenatorTimScott @potus @vp the states figure out where they need to spend; not  Feds or you all...
This is a war against entitlements. Something you could never accomplish. You would lose 99% of your voters
Take away the abortion of innocent children that are being denied their rights and then its all good.
