DO YOU ever think of what your saying before you open your mouth. Do you support middle class jobs or 1%'s and ILLEGAL people in our country
Moreover, without immigrants the US population would be falling. And who'd pay for all those baby boomers' social security? Demographic fail
LEGAL immigration keeps pop. levels up, SS is @risk 'cause Chuck and company did 0 to REPLACE $$$ Congress stole from it to fund other crap.
SS is 'pay-as-you-go' so you need a larger group below supporting those above if you don't want the cost to be high for those on the bottom.
It was NOT designed that way child it was to build up as ppl died off, interest gained on deposits Congress has stolen huge sums years ago
Here's an overview of SS. Perhaps it wasn't designed that way, but it is. No huge sums squirreled away, sadly. https://www.nasi.org/learn/socialsecurity/overview …
No, it wasn't that way. The piggy bank was robbed I've been told by GOP bandits who couldn't let the ppl'sgrow. (Self-discl. I'm a Repub.)
And don't forget the humans behind the termination.
Congress makes a bill, passes a law, sends to Prez. Obama was WRONG to attempt to make law by 'decree' signing a PO. Trump corrected that!!!
You are such a deceitful liar you would not know the truth if it smacked you in the face, hopefully you will NOT BE RE-ELECTED AGAIN.

Watch Schumer Vs Schumer - The Greatest Flip Flop Ever On DACA: http://710wor.iheart.com/featured/mark-simone/content/2017-09-12-watch-schumer-vs-schumer-the-greatest-flip-flop-ever-on-daca/#ixzz4sUrhme1x …
That's the point Mr. Schumer. Employers should not be allowed to benefit from ones legal status.
https://www.facebook.com/TheTrumpRepublicans/videos/517166461961682/ …   Chuckle boy please go play in the eye of Hurricane Irma...my how fast can we flip on issues benefiting our agenda.
Not the eye, nothing going on there, the EYE-WALL that's where the highest winds are!
Why didn't you and Bam think of that before ... WTF CHUCK
Ending DACA is a LEGAL responsibility for getting rid of illegals in this country. Do your job to your citizens, Not foreigners!!
Can you explain how DACA recipients are personally hurting you? Do you hate the taxes they pay? That they fight in our military for you?
Do you dislike that they don't qualify for welfare programs? What about the billions they add to our economy, do you hate that?
Also, they know no other home so where should they go?
Congress knew this issue well in advance when Obama pulled his executive overreach with the issue. Should have fixed it THEN.
Executive overreach? How many EOs has Trump signed? It's within his executive reach.
He signed it after congress failed to pass a bill. He amitted he knew it was overreach in hopes congress would do something to legalize it.
How about giving me a real stat. How many DACA are on some kind of govt assistance program including free university?
You have the power to fix this. What have you accomplished this year you lazy loud mouth?
That equates to more jobs for Americans!
It's sometimes expensive to follow the law
No chucky, some of your welfare, food stamp sucking dependant base could put down the "never trump" signs and get a job.
you have double standard, hypocrite, we have seen what your position was on the same issue before, just the opposite of what you say now.
Then fix it
Don't agree on DACA but at least you didn't stop the money for the wonderful people in Houston!
Wouldn't it be just as good if they are allowed in legally for the employers
MOST DACA peeps are eagerly in line for REAL citizenship. Do people KNOW that?
Real citizenship? Get in a long line and go thru the whole process without govt handouts.
Then make a law... you are congress right.
End deca and fighting for illegals give money to Americans
It's your responsibility to fix this, not Trump, quit wining and do your job!
Which you could offset by removing many arbitrary regulatory burdens that stifle businesses and never achieve their desired effects.
How much does DACA cost the taxpayer?  Schools, welfare, criminal justice, etc?
I THOUGHT YOU DIDN'T LIKE THE "RICH"
How about giving those jobs to Americans on govt assistance.
Funny man WTF CHUCK
Chuck then DO SOMETHING! Congress makes laws, not the President! Obama thought he could!  Trump's not even a lawyer and knows better!
Why didn't you do your job after 1986 when 5 million plus illegals were legalized? Why are we here AGAIN!
Why because they would have to hire Americans at a livable wage ? Outsourcing and its cost and agenda is what got Trump elected
It's too bad the 93 million Americans without jobs are unskilled, uneducated, & unemployable. That has to be your excuse for hiring DACA 1st
Haha the people know what your doing ! Your time is limited . Your have now moved up.on the list ! Congratulations
Im pretty sure i watched u making a speech once about how Illegals of any age needed to go and that we are a Nation of Laws. Hypocrite!!!
Never mind the Constitution or rule of law. Keep buying votes Senator
They don't want to employee Americans?
Schumer & the rest can't be sure that employed Americans will vote for Democrats. They can blackmail DACA to 'get their heads right'.

It deprives them of cheap slave labor.
You are tooo much chuck you all had plenty of time to do something but you didn't so stop all the winning your just crying to get reelected
sorry no sympathy they made 50 billion off illegals already chuckie
about time your special interest people pay decent wages for American citizens. They are too greedy !!
Opinion not facts Chuck
I know I'm our state we have e verify which contractors can use to ensure their employees are here legally
Isn't the unemployment rate in the US at 4.7%?  That's millions that are looking for a job. #StupidArugment #Fearmongering #Clueless
Or it could provide NY WORKERS JOBS! NYS IS THE HIGHEST TAXED WELFARE STATE IN THE NATION. NO JOBS,CORRUPTION IN GOVERNMENT
Why does every democrats have a limp dick?
Businesses want the cheaper labor and democrats need them for votes promising welfare programs which taxpayers pay for.
Sick of half-time, part-time, measly work.  I have a Master's degree in Education.
Then maybe I can get a proper job!
But it takes a lot of jobs for some that need it. I dont want to see those people forced to leave either its ur job to come up with a plan.
Come into the US LEGALLY. Why is this so hard understand?
Chuckie your numbers are so far off it's sickening I'm a mathematical genius it would actually increase jobs, save us billions, do the math.
Wrong American workers would take up the slack. I guess you would loose your cheap domestic help you don't want pay USA workers I guess
Yea right DACA IS STILLYNG THOUSANDS OF JOBS FROM OUR AMERICAN PEOPLE'S SEND THEM BACK FROM THEY CAME FROM PERIOD
BULL$HIT! That is a LIE
Should not have hired them in the first place!
Here's a thought if you want to save obama care pass an imagration bill , it will force all those DACA imagrants to have health care
Stop being a sounding board for your failures and start fixing the problem
You do nothing but talk talk and more talk and nothing gets done so if you can't fix the problem by passing a law then quit
Then why don't you write a Bill and pass a imagration reform instead of blaming the president for congress problems
Lies lies America citizens would take them.yall all should be fired
DACA was an illegal act by an incompetent Democrat. Defense by delusional Democrats proves they are an Enemy of the Constitution & Republic
NO-NO- Chuckie, it means you have to get off you ASS and earn your money.  Pres. Trump gave you 6 mos to deal with Obama's fuck-up
 , You don't know what your talking about,DIVIDER 
Then Congress needs work together to pass Legislation to remedy the situation instead of doing nothing.
Wouldn't the millions of Americans out of work fill those positions or are they not qualified to work?
Your head is in the clouds we take care of dreamers
More jobs for American citizens children. Citizens fisrt before all others. Quit wasting our money on non citizens
You're just afraid of losing votes!
Maybe my American Citizen son could get one of the jobs?
Then quit being partisan and pass an immigration bill.
Gotta love Republicans...NOT
so hire Americans? 
There are Americans that will do those jobs. Those employers hire illegals because they pay them less. Who is the party pushing for $15/hr?
What about American people do you even care

@realDonaldTrump chucky boy caught you in another lie!2billion$lost? 1\2 of daca were out protesting! Not in school, not working
STOP IT CHUCKIE.. Congress makes laws.. DACA is NOT a LAW.  YOU OWN fixing Immigration/DACA.. It is not Trumps fault he wants to obey law
Breaks my heart - not

Aren't you against "employers".

Chuck you just make it up as you go along don't you.
Chuck, it's on you & congress to fix this now.  DACA was going to lose the lawsuit & you know it.  Trump gave 6 months to fix it, so fix it.
Reagan had Tip O'Neal.... Trump has you.... I knew Tip O'neal.... Tip O'Neal was a friend of mine! Senator,......you're no Tip O'Neal!
Go live in North Korea, you'd really like it there.
#TermLimits
Yet when u had majority u didnt create a path to citizenship racist hypocrisy
Huh?  Lol
And what does it cost to deport each one?
Of course, they are low paid workers. What are you talking about? Hire Americans, can't do that right because illegals vote for you!
>wants the white working class to go back to voting democrat

>wants to drive down wages & demographically replace the white working class
you are protecting people and fighting for people that did not care enough to file for citizenship.Congress better get off their sorry asses
What about American workers or legal aliens
You have 6 months pass the bill
He's not ending DACA Lyin' Chuck...tell the truth.
so do your job and pass legislation. Stop blaming Trump for failure of congress
There are many people of good will on both sides of issue somehow 5his needs to be addressed
Because they don't have to pay illegals as much as real Americans. Cry me a river Chuck.
AND DEPRIVE NY AND CALIF OF CHEAP LABOR, IMMIGRANT VOTES, ETC.
that is bullshit, just pissed that you actually have to got to work and do something, you haven't done any work in years cept give your BS
Oh stop Americans would fill them
You should have fixed it 2012. You failed.
Nope they can hire U.S Legal citizens. We have ten of thousands of Americans that have paid good money for college that can't find a job
Be as concerned for US Citizens!
So pass some real reform instead of just campaigning on it for 25 years. #hypocrite
Stop wasting my taxpayer money! Fix it and stop crying
doubtful, 2 billion would be spent on actual americans for proper training, and save millions in us $ out  of OUR country
Go to work you should be saying it's not legal. Are u qualified to hold your office!?
Like it

1)Great argument. Thousands of employers are illegally employing undocumented immigrants. If large corporations are as evil as you say they
2)-are then they are taking advantage of the immigrants and paying them less and not reporting them on their taxes. Besides, these-
3)-companies should be hiring American citizens. There are 10's of 1000's of homeless American citizens. They would love those jobs...
Sorry Chuck, Obama only approved DACA one year ago. Obviously it cannot affect thousands of employers. If these people are so pro-american
Tell me why they've never applied for citizenship during the years they've been here??? I will tell you why, they don't want to be citizens

The other day you complained about the unemployment rate and lack of increase in wages.  #hypocrite
DACA was illegally conceived from the beginning .. !!!BHO THOUGHT HE WAS A KING. WENT AROUND CONGRESS .. THEY LET HIM DO ANYTHING HE WANTED
I guess you'll have to get to work
And GIVE AMERICANS THEIR JOBS BACK ... ILLEGAL IS NOT A RACE ITS A CRIME !!!
Sounds urgent get to work fix it tie it in with a nother bill and do some more voting fix my health care fix our roads move forward go chuck
Chuck your a genius.  Ty for keeping millions of young American workers in their parents basement enjoying video games and fast food.
Your party calls white Americans racist you don't support us you failed your own country and we are coming for you
BS  stop Lyman's trying to deceive the American ppl. You are the cause for panic. Do something about it old Chuckie boy
Ok Sir. Pass legislation to keep it, and shhhhhh...
After every republican @GOP comes financial disaster @realDonaldTrump @POTUS44

and go thru the proper process, but no amnesty.
The problem today is u stupid Dems don't uphold our immigration or our constitution. Why should illegals get amnesty? They can get in line
Then get up and do your job this is congress' issue. Quit whining. Do it right
You are so full of it.
Can't pick the laws you don't like!
ReallyBoy did you change your tune Schmucky! https://twitter.com/slandinsocal/status/905889433395765248 …
You are to uphold the law   What is wrong with you. Oh communist
That is so much crap, come on stop the BS lies, show proof of you statement, most are low wage paid, you say all are makeing $200,000/yr BS
Time to get rid of illegals and put Americans to work  Chuckie
You don't give a rats behind what happens to the DACA ILLEGALS until 2018 then you will care. #hypocrite
It would deny you and your buddies in the Senate the cheap labor you get. The "employers" you speak of are campaign donors.
Pass the tax reform bill if you're so worried about employers. As far as DACA get off your ass and work with congress and senate pass bill
$$ are not morals nor laws
AND DEMOCRATIC VOTERS!!
Democrats lost the election supporting illegals what don't you get
The Daca people cost us more than 2 billion in welfare, foodstamps and schooling that could be better served on legal citizens
Just stop with the unsubstantiated figures. We the people know better. It's the  news media who don't call you out. You are beneath respect
Heaven forbid they are forced to hire Americans. <eyeroll>
Hire American buy American #MAGA
Hire Americans they need jobs really!!!!
Who cares how about getting jobs in NY you remember us ?
So, American citizens are the least of your concern; or are you promoting almost, but not quite, slavery?
So you are endorsing illegal immigrants taking American jobs and employers not paying fair wage or payroll taxes. You have unemployed NYrs.
Employers would have to pay higher wages -> more income for consumers -> more sales -> better economy. Pass corp tax cut and we're even.
Where do you get your numbers from Chuck. Sounds like you just reach into,thin air
Some people are for a NEW WORLD ORDER no Borders one slave economy A new dark age will descend on the world .Trump keep America separate
If you want to make a slave economy New World order don't use our tax money to make us go extinct
That was Reagan trickle down economy government gets out of our lives but not out of our pocket they use tax money to build new world order
No it will provide employers with real Americans that need those jobs Like the college grads who have no job BUT they PAID their own way
Trump & klan dont care "if they are brown flush them down". No room for racism in the WH. #RESIST
So break that down by year. 2 million always sounds worse that what $10 the first year.  How much saved in no welfare.
So, what is the law chuck?
Really? Can you please support that with something substantial?
Who should service members contact for support/information/help as some may be affected by #DACA. #military #airforce #army #navy #marines
So it is all about cheap labor.  Thank you Chuck for your honesty.  But Americans need jobs before illegals.
Serious question: what do we do with the parent(s) who broke the law bringing the kids?
Obama said daca was temporary. By u campaigning that it's not means u believe one person can write law. Makes u dangerous to our republic
so those workers now arnt being paid a fair wage?  talk about American sweat shops in action.  why are you applading this?
I suggest they hire American people
you know the daca belongs in  the incompetent congress not the executive' s
You must actually HATE US CITIZENS... You care so much about illegal immigrants, but never seem to care about their cost, taking jobs, etc.
my grandson mite be able to find a job soon,go Trump
cost them? How is that?  Hier wages for legal workers
If illegals weren't stealing jobs, there would be fewer unemployed. DEPORT ILLEGALS!!!
Pass a bill!
So let them go hire legal
Welfare Recipients can work for their checks!  DACA has created another layer of government assistance 
Schumer wants them?  Ask the old Bastards how many is he willing to take under his roof and sponsor? F U Schumer!
More made up figures from Schumer without any proof to substantiate them. I don't believe anything you say
It's ok there are millions of people in need of a job. You can send the unworking from projects to these employers as well
Not true. You twist words. US citizens. Legal are paying
If you weren't so useless this would have been law by now
Let us see where you got those figures chuck! Or is this another lie?
