Why nothing about the two police officers murdered in #Kissimmee today? Oh forgot you support BLM who like to see our officers shot!
Why be so divisive? Lol we need more unity then ever before. You're just fueling the fire
BC I am fighting back against a man who sits a pours fuel on the fire everyday with not one bit of shame, only a fake outrage He needs to go
He is a major player in feeding the false narrative & causing the violence in the US, I focus on the likes of him, bc he is responsible
#ZIONISM is #TERRORISM
You completely ignored radical Islam??? You must be on their side, how low can you get, too late now to mention it YOUR AN ISIS SUPPORTER
A white van??  Oh no!  We have White Supremacy over there too!

Again, agree with your sentiment but not your credibility. Call it what it is-Islamist Extremism-and cease your resistance to fight it.
We don't believe a f***ing word you say.
You didn't specifically condemn radical Islam. You're emboldening terrorists and violence. Hold yourself to the same standard trump is.
A) Trump is the President of the United States
B) There was a need for Trump to condemn white supremacists, there is no need for ANYONE to..
condemn white supremacists, that goes without saying
Apparently not. Many white supremacists are elected to office in America, and Trump took 2 days to condemn them, then he took it back.
Also, white supremacists make it VERY clear they believe Trump is on their side. And, remember when Trump "didnt know" who David Duke was?
Chuck Schumer and the Democrats have NO history of ISIS sympathy. Trump has PLENTY of history of ambiguity surrounding Nazis.
Any comment concerning open borders?
Why your prayers, if u & the rest of the dems/libtards are for open border, have u heard of cause & effect ?!
There you go again calling for prayer. Your soul belongs to the devil. We don't worship your god. Our God is bigger than your god. Repent.
Thank You for expressing eloquently what many of us cannot.
Sheep
Liar, no you don't. You want Americans to suffer.
Careful about what you say, someone will twist your words the way they did to Potus.

It's not violence, it's not a domestic argument. ITS TERRORISM CHUCKIE
@SenateGOP @SenateDems @WhiteHouse @FoxNews If Obama/Dem Ldrs were more aggressive the past 8 yrs this & other terror may not have occurred!
When you pray tonight, please ask God to forgive you for being a habitual liar. And ask God to guide you into retirement.
You have not prayed a day of your adult life.
Now that's terror Virginia. Was a riot
What kind of awful violence?   What was the reason for the terror?   But thank you for caring about the victims.
So what about the Cambridge attack youll keeping quit that happen a couple hours later?
Why so quiet? Protecting them again.
Amen.
Than why do u perpetually incite violence her in the US? BAD CHUCKIE
Oh you stand firmly for another country but you fight out Pres every step of they way when it come to protecting our country. Pls spear me
A DEMOCRAT COUP MEMBER:
from a fellow vet,    bravo
Please concern yourself with domestic agenda! Hateful rhetoric and strangle-holds on the party only hurts and divides this country. PASS TAX
Dems. Want your babies at 5 to see these sex pictures.
I didn't know the devil prayed
You don't have a heart to pray Chuckie.  Your part of it all
all democrats do is pray cry and complain they're pathetic just like u crying schumy

Chuck it's been 18 hours. When will you call out the group responsible by name? Are you a supporter? Will you denounce Islamic extremism?
By not denouncing the Islamic terrorists by name you obviously stand with them and are actively complicit in all their violence.
Senator, I guess you're still failing to recognize and admit it was a Muslim/Islam attack in Barcelona. It's been a day. Resign now.
uh, huh... what a charade... you are just patronizing this to get brownie points

What kind of terror was that? 
say it? Islamic terror attack. Also, ALL muslims are to blame... same as ALL right wing whites are to blame for a lone guy doing a car atack
BS Schameful, give your message to your own extremely violent left wing party
STOP LIEING THEIR US NO WAY U PRAY TO OUR GOD OF HEALING SINCE U CAUSE SO MICH DAMAGE YOURSELF!! SHAMEFUL DISGUSTING SONOFSOROS!! DRAINSEWER
When are you going to condemn Islam for the terrorist attack in Barcelona? #BarcelonaAttack #Barcelona
would it not be more accurate to condemn ISIS?
PotATo PotAUto
why didn't you specifically condemn the Islamic violence?  Does this mean you side with the terrorists?
Neo Nazis, White Shit and ISIS are brothers, pure children of devil. They belong to no religion and can't be considered humans but terrorist

u don't pray for this 1 that the dems and globalist have divided, because u like the $ the big banks, wall street and globalist corps pay u
Your part of the problem
Did u cry for them tho?
@SenSchumer will you condemn them for who they are? Or you can't call out your own people?
#Impeachment for @SenSchumer for not condemning radical Islam in #BarceloneAttacks.
We have to assume strongly that @SenSchumer is sympathizing with this terrorists as long as he does not clearly distance himself from them!
When will you blame trump for this attack? We all know its comimg....
Why don't you invite the killers to America and put them up in your sanctuary cities schmuck?
You keep saying the same thing but nothing happing you are correct you are just standing by
Condemn "ANTIFA" and RADICAL ISLAM.  I guess killing some people are okay.  Selective outrage.
But Chucky, this is your party!
Chuck. You didn't specifically and unequivocally denounce anyone yet. Why not? Hypocrite.
Chuckie.Experts say early conditions change and are almost always incorrect.And it takes 24-48hrs to get reliable info.Just like Trump said
Praying is just thinking ...
chuckie is a stone faced liar
Imagine Spain's gov't. had the power to impeach president who called for the attack and didn't. Yes. It's Just. Like. That!
Are you going to denounce radical Islamic terrorism finally?
It's the liberal radical IDEOLOGY that got these ppl killed today but radical Antifa philosophy.   I blame you!!
Chucky,  you words have no meaning here in america not founded by you!
But yet you obstruct make it better for legal americans to have money put back in their pockets so they can live a decent life
But yet you tried to obstruct the 2nd amendment for people to protect themselves from these violent ones

But yet you want tax dollars used for violent illegals to be here, once again you obstruct the presidents ideas to try and fix it
But yet you obstruct the presidents ideas to try and protect americans from this? Tell americans why you do this
Prayers to a god who approve or murdering babies in the womb, and sodomites,pedoes, women doing that which is unseemly. Keep your prayers !!
It's important to condemn them by name or it doesn't count.
How you gonna make this POTUS fault probably by tommarow you will have a way  right Chuckie boy
what about your heart ??
But you haven't denounced the terrorists
NOT good enough, when will you call out the Islamic terrorists specifically for this atrocity? if not, should we assume you are a terrorist?

Do you even know how to pray? I don't think so. U don't care about 1/2 the people of your state, shame U lie like a rug!
B/C they are just a peaceful group passively protesting any group that may have a different opinion. Oops how'd this bat get in my hand?
Which group specifically do you stand against? This was your chance to change their moral compasses by naming names! How will they learn?
Hahaha you create the violence the blood is all on your hands
I know Chuckie, you wish those terrorists could be here. That's okay , maybe next time .
This is going to happen here if we accept these people. When u take there here, here becomes there. Not in my country.
Let's see what did you say to Trump? Denounce the KKK, etc. DENOUNCE ISIS AND RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS
Your on the list...
Liar u ignite violence with all your rhetoric @ taxpayers expense
It's not "terror".  It's islamic jihad.  NAME IT.
These attacks are very sad and absolutely senseless.  Praying for the victims, their families & Spain.
Slavtivism at its finest. How about calling out the islamists who keep doing this!?
Do you still "condemn all that hate stands for?" I haven't heard you condemn RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM, yet. Will you condemn? #Barcelona
WHY NOT CALL IT WHAT IT IS TERRORIST ATTACK your quick to criticize trump. YOUR A TERRORIST SYMPATHIZER
We condemn ALL that hate stands for. Until @SenSchumer specifically condemns radical Islamic terror in #Barcelona, he hasn't done his job.
Decided not to tweet this one in Spanish? Of all posts!
How about you stand with U.S. Citizens for a Change?
How about you call out the radical Left?
How about you stop with your obstruction?

Wait, you didnt name radical Islamic terrorism.
SENATOR WHY ARE THEY BLOCKING MY MEDICINE !DO OUR LEADERS FEEL TREATENED? IF THEY ARE NOT AFTER WHAT I SAID THAN WHY THE ACTION?
Pitiful leadership
WAS THIS A TREATH TO AMERICA?
TELL ME THIS OUR GOVERNMENT GOT INVOLVED WHEN THEY IN VENEZUELA WANTED A NEW PARLIAMENT !TO CHANGE CONSTITUTION !WHY WERE WE INVOLVED?
My prayers are with you at your next Softball game
Why don't you specifically "condemn" this attack. Say what kind of terrorism, Chuck. Say it. Otherwise, not good enough. You're a racist.
ISISYou know, Barack Hussein Obama's JV team he owns.
It happens so fast you can't even jump. It's like the conclusion just hits you like the islamist truck hits the innocent.
SENATOR WHO PAYS THESE TERRORIST ?WHO INSPIRES THEM ?WHAT IS THE JOB OF THE CIA?
I think Trump and Russian collusion are to blame
this violence by whom? I thought and identifying perps ideology is important this week. If u don't, does it mean u support them?
still calling for trump to call hate groups by name. he did many times. when will you? you wont. and we all know it.
How about just calling out his friend @SenJohnMcCain for his ties with neo nazis. Svoboda
I didn't read you denouncing the specific group the guy was with or his religion. Does that mean you support him? Shame on you
Thanks you!  #Barcelona @SenSchumer
I know you can multitask, we've a grave crisis of our own right now. @CoryBooker @SenWarren @SenSanders @NancyPelosi @Clyburn @MSNBC @CNN
will you be blaming this on @realDonaldTrump  im sure you can tie him to this somehow
Shut up Chuck, you're just mad that #trump said no when you tried to pay to bring them here.
Go fix this.  Now.
SENATOR I  FEEL SORRY FOR THOSE PEOPLE THIS IS NOT THE END !MORE CROWDED AREAS ELSEWHERE !THEY WILL COPY !IT'S OUR OWN THAT IS GUILTY!
You were quick to condemn white supremacists, condemn this cause
an oxymoron. #UncoupleWhiteFromSupremacy . no such thing as white & supreme
I had no idea you prayed to God. Oh wait, I hear there are a lot of Santanic prayers in your party.
Are you insane? The word God is not exclusive to Christians. Google it.
You support ISIS since you didn't call them by name

When will you denounce antifa for not calling out fascist Islam?
Get

A

Clue
U R A 
Well thought out reply.  I'd expect nothing more. Calm down.  Nobody is "taking your country".  K?
Who are you kidding

go to school
ISIS is part of the Alt Left.
stand firmly supporting your president but NOT dividing the citizens
Islam.
