Hey chuck have the illegals pay for it !! They're more important then US citizens & our laws don't apply to them or Democrats!!
*than
U Democraps have delayed fixing our country for years. U voted for Ocrapo's "shovel ready" plan back in 2009. How much $ did U make on that?
Rates go higher and service is the pits!
Yes infrastructure is critical thank you. But impeaching trump is priority
What did he do
Do you actually believe what you spew? Delusional old goat! Yeah, you truly care about the US Citizen!
Too bad that you didn't do this in the first two years of O when you held all the cards.
Especially when the prices are through the roof and the service never gets better!
Now that trying to "Derail"Justice Gorsuch is not a priority, you can use your time more wisely and concentrate on the railroads.
New York is giving free community college. Better wait on trains, buses and subways. HAHAHA!!
#impeachTrump #TrumpRussia
For what
Sorry Chuck Free College Tax Payers are Broke! Maybe Take Away 4 million for illegals Attorneys?
Use that money for train system
How about improving America for true Americans
People who ride #NJTransit #Amtrak #LIRR etc. are the "truest" Americans you will find, my friend.
We need a serious infrastructure bill that funds rail, roads, bridges, renewable energy, gas, water, electricity. The GOP wants 2 ignore all
Can't afford it
What do you recommend? Your Opposition and Resistance isn't working out for you. Show some leadership???
About bloody time. Stop rebuilding other countries until we are all satisfied with our infrastructure and have all the extra money to spend
One of the many changes POTUS wants ! Where were you Democrats over the past 8 year's.
Use that money u Democrats spend on refugees to rebuild our train system
PUT MORE MONEY INTO MASS TRANSIT-NY STATE.?????
I get no value from my tax dollars funding Amtrak. Cost must be supported by a user tax not the American tax payers as a whole.
The value you get includes lighter car traffic, cleaner air and more of your fellow Americans having jobs, paying their taxes.
I live in North Florida where I commuted 100 miles each day w/o any government subsidies. I did this for a decent paying . Our air is clean.
The U.S. has a lot more people than just you.
Very true but what percentage benefits based on the  population.  User tax makes sense just like a car payment, gas and expenses for me.
Daily passengers at Penn Station alone total about 600,000. That's EVERY DAY. That doesn't include Grand Central. Too numerous for user tax.
So use the money from tickets bought !! Instead it goes into politicans pockets & tax payers pay everything! Take from illegals money!
Even with all that subsidized funding they still can't keep the train running.
They spend it on illegals
Amtrak should not be the landlord at Penn Station!  It should be LIRR and/or NJ Transit!
Why don't they use money they spend on illegals to use for trains
Agreed! What about tRump's budget "guts" to AmTrack services? Does he understand the need for mass transportation? #FundMassTransit!
Do you your a odiot
Learn some basic grammar and spelling,sir. Punctuation after "Do you," it's "you're" not "your", and "idiot" is correct.
Just like you made presidential nominees & health care a priority. You & fellow Demwits will obstruct infrastructure too. Time to work 4 us
Sounds like the Senate!!!
Oh you think so?  President Trump s idea you know.  Good for you
It got worse after 8 years of Obama, Cuomo mandate and now big bird tiny brain Mayor.
Privatization will solve issues
Get off your ass and propose a plan. Oh that's right you are on vacation with the little leaguers

She makes my native American blood boil..Hair like man makes paltry scalp from woman with lying tongue
Amtrak worst transportation ever.Only thing worse are driverless cars.
Chucky you are the problem start working with the president. Stop complaining. You are elected to work for us. Get it Chucky. Da
Delays you should know what that is. This is what you been doing against trump. Wake up the dems lost the election. Time to support your pre
Chuck, this Democrat does not care ever again what you have to say
@SenSchumer your a week late. Go back to hiding with @NYGovCuomo
We need high speed rail!! All this other crap including roller coaster overpasses, 5,6& 8 lane freeways are stupid! Enhance infrastructure
Hey Chuckie use the Democrat playbook Raise taxes & prices in NY & NJ. Oh taxes & prices already too high, don't look for us to bail you out
No one should have to ride the train in fear
Trump is out of control. All Reps and Sens need to come back to the Hill to #StartImpeachment Time is of the essence. #MarchOnWH410
...and start bashing Trump trying to get what you want, instead of working WITH him and other lawmakers regardless of party to get it done.
Stop your grandstanding and work to solve the problems.  Stop being the problem, Chuck.
Good one
Many things are priorities!  Too bad you don't care!

The government has tried for decades and still can't run a friggin railroad, but you want government to run healthcare? #DemocratLogic
Well if you were doing your job this would never happen. Slacker
Why have you waited so long to address this. It's been going on for years. Your incompetence is showing.
Hire the real degree holders degree verification!Piss&prints licensee s should b good. Engineering science scholar.Train recall skill©™®
Agent colonel Tom Parker is not related @lEcrivainDublin @PresidentIRL "circus world Rivals of the Ring 58'.."same plan first avoid issue©
 @RussiaConnects "ornery Kenny" the leopard. American Express my cards. Defrauded in Mexico  forbidden practice racketeering! Markets
Cant aid in criminal trespassing! Always crime free or u no work with i! Food cartels not legalized or formed properly. Walmarts & pharmacy
@AmerMedicalAssn @USSupremeCourt well known conflicts in industry standard practiced! Vista stealing Dawn®Mere check in Lab data.Packing err
Guilty of same behaviors in pharmaceutical corporation systems. All Rochford ARDCfrauds @POTUS @POTUS44 @Pontifex data:track unlicensed cult
Yet #Democrats have no issues with murders caused by #Obama Illegals & #terrorist #Muslims. #hypocrites #MAGA #MuslimBan #IllegalsOut
Can we add @PATHTrain to that list?
This is probably a list of a few of the Democrat lobbyist donators.
Where is the Positive Train Control safety automation?
Isn't he a waist
Well you got your much needed face time. Please don't start blaming Trump for this too. A lot of years of neglect
Must only work with Trump on infrastructure if he gives us Garland next time!

Love it. Great job

Get the rest of POTUS appointments taken care of first Schmucky!

Great picture

Great picture

If we weren't supporting so many illegal aliens, this would be a snap @TheJusticeDept @StateDept @Potus @FoxNews



What does this do for all Americans?




I almost forgot that you still have other work to do. You're not just here to protect us from our evil "leader". NY is lucky to have you!
Your joking right


Another great picture

Isn't she a mess I love your picture. Just imagine if she was your president.  Now Chelsea talking. I can't imagine that. It scares me.

ALL infrastructure is in need!


Great picture

