I must've missed the coverage indicating that this was done at the hands of a democrat.
Could u please stop starting your responses with "duh" it completely negates your rebuttal. 
Pro-Trumps are truly a stain on America's soul, ignoring the destruction Trump & co have achieved and will continue to achieve while -
More tolerance.. So thankful I left this disgusting party in 2016... JFK is rolling over in his grave!!!
What exactly is disgusting?
I hope for a speedy recovery & sensible gun control laws. If killing children doesn't do it, perhaps shooting GOP congresspeople will 
I completely agree Amy!! 
Me too Amy! So now we have established that the shooter was a crazy Dem so admit it!
So your for gun control right
Thoughts and prayers are great, but gun control is even better.
Maybe Scalise will support gun control now?
Little snowflake,  don't own one if you don't want to, but you will not take the 300 million plus guns away from us
The demand is people be background checked & mentally stable. Neither of which matter to Repukes. Because of the NRA blood money they take.
Well let me correct you, people already receive a background check.
Not at a gun show...
Wrong again, I'll bet you 1000 that you can't go in a gun show, walk out with a gun without a background check
I learned not to bet with righties. Some schmuck still owes me 5 grand on the 2008 presidential election.
If ur sad about it will u admit 2 ur part? Bashing the @POTUS has created much of this. But why would a liberal take responsibility?
Why dont you and your staff reenact it.. I was a Democrat!! The Party is now a disgrace!!!
You are the direct cause of this. Hope you and your crew are proud of praying on the week minded to encite such levels of violence
Schumer isn't the one on tape suggesting "2nd Amendment solutions".
Not once has he called out Kathy Griffin, Madonna,Reality Winner for their wishes of beheading,burning WH, blowing up WH, Just to name a few
We need to ALL stop the hate and quit blaming.
I am the left. Not violent. Like being called deplorable.
nonviolent protest is not hate sppech nor is it violent
there was no violence between groups. That is democracy
How can you be saddened by the actions of your disciple ?
Yes, mayhaps this opens eyes. Highly doubt it thou.Not under This Administration. Geez, and cutting Mental Health Care?Let's sell more Guns
Sorry, no prayers for morons who could have acted and likely prevented this.
And this is why we are all in such a mess.   Your intolerance and inhumanity and compassion are very admirable.  Not
THESE PEOPLE are LITERALLY trying to kill us by taking away our access to healthcare, you think I can be bothered to give a shit about them?
Is that what they are doing or is that what Schumer CNN and Pelosi are telling you? Babies aren't gonna die.. sky isn't falling .. it's not
When you are in bankruptcy, let me know how it's working for you.
I'm sure u don't wanna have this conversation. I survived 8 years where my insurance went up 700% and covers 1/2 I bring home 10k less a yea
Oh so, because your state failed to expand medicaid, you're butthurt? You honestly think Rep plan is going to make it better?
Medicaid isn't the answer that's a small program designed for the disabled and elderly not able bodied Americans. Who pays that Bill?
START communicating with each party PLEASE   Government is making people sick   COMMUNICATE not resist
Did you and yours think you could sell the hate you've been peddling w/o some of this...i do not know how politicians can stand themselves
I suppose you think Trump's blanket attacks on the media for busting him are just fine?
Trumps an egomaniac idiot but the hit job by dems and media lost touch with reality a long time ago.
They were targeted for being Republicans. Home Grown Terrorist.
@annmarie440 @SenSchumer @wendydcoe @SteveScalise it's was a result of hate preached by CNN, MSNBC and Democratic leadership
Source?
common sense..
I never heard any of them say go kill republicans have you?
it's because you only hear what you want..pay attention
Only violence I have seen being encouraged has come from the right. Any sources for your claims?
I asked them a few hours ago still no source 
Its the Dems fault!

#TheResistance almost killed 4 Republicans in a ballpark 2 days ago with their"any thing goes"message of HATE against political opposition
You should be ashamed. Your rhetoric caused this.
OMG! Dude! Stop lying! Just plead with @TheDemocrats to stop advocating for #PoliticalViolence #PoliticalAssassination! Such a hypocrite!
You got blood on your hands, Sen. Chuck Schumer.
It's been time for America's greed to cease, Dems and Repubs need to give NRA there funds back and stop bargaining our lives for slaughter!
I'm sad too, but I sympathize with those parents who will never see their children play baseball or become a lawmaker cause if gun violence
Then STOP YOUR WITCH HUNT ON OUR @POTUS you're causing people to PANIC. THIS WILL BACKFIRE ON YOU.
@SenSanders HAS BLOOD ON HIS HANDS
Because of Schumer and Pelosi rhetoric they are destroying America.Shame on them and their supporters. Disgraceful!
#BloodOnYourHands - you've inspired hate!
Sure hope you didn't stay up all night crying Chuck,after all they are not syrians
God bless you, senator Schumer.  I ask God to bless you in my prayer times.  I believe He has amazing plans for you!
Chuckie, you and your ilk own this tragedy. Time for honest reflection on your part. Resignation is really your best option. Time to atone.
Still waiting for you to condemn the violence and violent rhetoric coming from the left. All I hear is crickets.
It seems you & Dems vile, corrupting, hatred, poisonous, violent & selfishness is at the heart of this but apart from that I hear you are ok
Where are your crocodile tears?
I am embarrassed to call my self a New Yorker Schumer is a disgrace to our Country along w Pelosi
@SenSchumer & @timkaine = dissension 

A false witness will not go unpunished, and he who breathes out lies will not escape. Proverbs 19:5
Yuh Im sure you are sorry. Your one of the reasons this political revolution is happening. Your an embarrassment
chuckie, to be honest, a shooter heard your hate towards Republicans. You must be so happy.

Stop spreading lies and hate, leave our president alone hypocrites!
You are a liar and have fueled the tension and chaos in our communities
Time to stop the hateful resist movement and start the compromise movement. Your rhetoric is partially responsible for yesterday
Saddened by what you POS? That he didn't kill them instantly?? This is what you wanted all along Chuckie.. don't play shy now...
Are you happy now Chuck?
YOU SHOULD be ashamed since YOU, PELOSI, ELIZ. WARREN, etc are responsible! Grow up & learn to deal w/Pres Trump AND his goals.
Congrats!  You give license to crazy people because you demonize people that don't agree with you.
There is figurative "blood" on the hands of the left & the right. We get the leadership we deserve; they reflect "us" & shape "us." Grow up!
Then speak out against the awful play in NYC depicting #Trump assassination!
Why not try working for us the people and working with Pres Trump. You're so called resistance is causing violence. #jewgal #Shalom
Sadly I know you are right. It is all about lets impeach Trump and that is all as he collects his nice big pay check 4 nothing..
Yes absolutely about  power, money and nothing for we the people...
Saddened? U don't care Prayers? u and others in Left responsible Your words & silent approval to violence on Left are creating chaos Happy?
It was the examples of people like you,  resist? Stop your game and serve the people.
I don't think @SenSchumer is saddened at all.  After all, he's one of the principle purveyors of hate in Washington. Evil & unpatriotic.
Whatever.  Created by the Democratic Party & MSM.   Trumps the president, stop the games morons
Praying for speedy recovery. Prayers for all involved. Dems and Rs handled this with love and support. Inspiring to see.
They lost an election.. So they torched cars, torched buildings, smashed windows, stabbed people on trains and shot at GOP reps.
Did GEORGE SOROS  tell you to SAY THAT CHUCK?
They reap what they sow, Chuck.
You may want to contact @DPCconsultants & discuss amongst yourselves.
the gun/s had no problem, it was the mentally challenged Dem idiot that pulled the trigger, who did. Otherwise, the gun performed properly.
Your hateful & instigating rhetoric towards POTUS Trump is what  caused today's shooting. All u Dems should be ashamed - that won't happen:/
Who r u kidding, you're saddened? You encourage this kind of hatred you sub human. I'm sure ur new video about killing Reps is coming soon
Hope you're happy Chuck you got the violence you hate rhetoric is designed to inflame!
Chuckie stop the fake sentiments. 
You all are so Evil. Now committing murder! Well now, you all killing in public.
Chuckie, your member of Obama-Clinton Coup and your one of the master minds. You hate Potus, you hate US! YOU disrespect him and US.
Chuckie, truth is you want Potus dead and US all dead. You're haters of Freedom &Prosperity. Stop pretending to be a true American.Traitor!
What do you expect with all the hatred your party is encouraging?
How many of the 5.7K believe you? Which one of your puppets leaked where the practice game was taken place?
Maybe if you came out and denounce domestic terrorism & partisan bias crime which this was instead of praying after the fact would help more
take your sadness and shove it next time you violently rage against Trump and the people who voted for him
Don't believe you Chuck, you spread your lies and hate Republicans, you and Dems made it personal and U should be ashamed @TrumpGirlStrong
1 of 2: As Obama lied about Benghazi, Hillary, Lynch, Iran, etc., and tried to SOCIALIZE US, CONSERVATIVES kept the peace with NO VIOLENCE.
2 of 2: Now, the LEFT and MSM are riddled with HATE, RAGE and UNACCEPTABLE BEHAVIOUR with a MANTRA of RESIST at ALL COSTS! VERY ISIS LIKE.
helped to incite this BS
  @SteveScalise
Your vicious, hateful, dishonest political rants only helped the shooter pull the trigger. U & other hateful Dems set the stage for violence
Hello sir i am Democrat supporter. There something we not know from ww2 that republicans hiding from us. What i have learn missing piece
No your not why are you 
Your fault. You & the radical left spew hate divisiveness & incite violence.
Who will unite us in New York? The Senator who drops f bombs or the Senator that makes silly immature youtube videos  mocking the President
Senator, you & your party are instigators with your rhetoric of false allegations against our President..This is on the left's watch.
Your leadership of hatred is responsible for this killing. We will all pray for your soul
Can I suck hard enough to promote my anti-gun agenda?
@cnn @ABC @CBSNews This is YOUR FAULT - You with the DNC & CPUSA have been pushing a message of HATE & RESIST.  That's what you're getting
If u really care stop the divisiveness now.
#Coward you have no Genuine regret stop, you and your followers have created this situation
#Coward It Would Be Nice For You To Appear sincere For Once Instead Of A 2 Faced Fool
Have you been to the hospital?
#ScumbagYouCouldEvenLookIntoTheCamera
The blood is on your hands.  You are a divider ,
Trump bring on indictments of Schumer, Waters and MSNBC, CNN....for sedition...
 no fake tears you charlatan?
Schumer is a total traitor AND trump please fire Mueller, a non partisan group???? HAHAHAS- fire them all...all they mean is to destroy you.
Shame on you!
Me too, saddened that maxine waters and nancy pelosi werent on the field
You, CNN, Kathy Griffin, Waters, Pelosi, Madonna, Antifa, etc. The blood is on your hands...
If I were you I'd be sick with guilt. You have no soul.
No your not You liberals glory in this sick all of you
You don't  get to pray. You're complicit
YOU SHOULD BE YOU &PELOSI &THE REST OF YOUR PARTY BRING THIS SHIT ON, GROW UP OR GET THE HE'LL OUT OF MY COUNTRY!
Americans are tired of your hateful rhetoric.  It incited this craziness.  Please stop.
Today's blood is on your hands sir.
Lead for a change.  Tell Dem base to back off.
He must have been watching your terroristic hateful rhetoric on Rachel Maddow last night.
Stop your hateful violent rhetoric!
Democrats have become the party of HATE & OBSTRUCTION. NO IDEAS. Bernie needs to take over & redirect. His views are clear
Praying for everyone
Make no mistake about it..."You...#Pelosi... #Obama #Feinstein and the rest of your deranged bunch  have "Blood on your hands"
I hope you are sad enough to stop your destructive, vituperative words and behavior. Scalise's blood on YOUR hands from climate you created.
Immediately contact your Congressman+Senators to demand Schumer's Expulsion from Congress. Stop his incessant hate mongering vs. POTUS+GOP
Your not genuine no one believes that you really care.
Your party caused this with your lies and fake crimes and ignore the REAL crimes by your party!
You're not " Saddened" Chuckie !  You're a fraud !  A coward ! An divider !
Police stand down as Soros funded "protests" become riots. Leftists are emboldened & their violence escalates. These riots must be put down!
@TheDemocrats @foxandfriends @NRA If not for guns in good folks hands, it would have been a massacre! Support the NRA and right to carry!
More like "support everyone to have their own security"
I haven't heard about this but I'm really saddened by news of some other tragedy my thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends x
BS Chuck your hateful propaganda is no different from ISIS propaganda. Your guilty!
Prayers for ALL victims of gun violence, not just the political elite-who, by the way, have had the power to do something about it sooner.
This is because of the democratic resistance movement they've been preaching since our president was elected it is on your hands your watch
How about being a real leader and do something about the vitriol and hate directed toward President Trump?
I'm surprised this hasn't happened sooner. Congrats Chucky , Your parties hatred , lies and constant BULLSHIT just caused people to get shot
If you were truly sorry you wouldn't spend every moment of your waking day inspiring division. #PartisanRhetoric
Maybe your party can stop hate rhetoric and tell the truth about TrumpRussia lie. Democrats have blood on their hands
Why don't you suggest to the repubs to all pray. Just like they want to do every time a tragic shooting occurs. That should fix everything
The blood is on your hands!  Look what your resistance has created.  This is because of the lies told and the media support for your lies
inching closer and closer to the civil war @TheDemocrats is begging for. #YouWillLOSE
Sure you're saddened, now the world will know the hate for @realDonaldTrump and Republicans led to this shooting. Stop your hate!!
I doubt it!!  You're just a #crybaby  #Disgraceful  senator.  Why don't you retire go fishing for  carp...
My thoughts and prayers - dems accept the election outcome and quit being silent about the violence perpretated by the losers.
I blame you. America blames you. Enemy of the people.
Today was a Victory for your side! I'm sure you're very happy!
You @NancyPelosi @SenSanders are responsible for this violence. Your fascist party is pushing a false narrative with violent rhetoric & its
already causes 2 of @SenSanders supporters one on his campaign to murder innocent people because of your lies. You are going to push your
supporters so far that eventually one of them is going to try and go after @POTUS administration and that blood will be on your hands
The democrats should be held accountable for this, they did this , the are making people go insane by their hate they ate spreading!!!
Can you imagine the democrats having the house!? They have cause the media to go insane! Shame on you!
@FBI please investigate @SenSchumer he spews hate and division. He insights violence and is a danger to our republic .
HEADLINE: GUN CONTOL DENIERS REAP WHAT THE SEW
You spew hate and division, save us the bs .
Stop telling people to get out and riot and break the law you're the one that caused this!!
Sad Democrat Pelosi said "We will UniteOnlyToday
Sue DemsAllViolentMurderLiars ObstructionToOurJustice against the People's Choice PresTrump
This is why you people need to stop the hate & violence! You did this!
Because it is true, these people on the left are creating violence & so much hate as well as constant dragged out lies its creating madness
THIS IS THE DEMOCRATS FAULT!! YOU CREATED THIS MADNESS!! YOUR NOT SORRY!
The shooter was obsessed by the Russian collusion fantasy. Vowed to kill Trump and Republicans. He had 2000 followers.Scalise critical
That's it? How about a call for all of us to come together not wedge apart. Maybe use your weekly Sunday preset for that?
You're not sad by this you spout hate every time you speak! Stop your lies and hatred towards our president!
Waiting for your analysis of how Griffin's vile image created the culture of gun violence against Republicans in Virginia today. Hate crime?
There is figurative "blood" on the hands of the left & the right. We get the leadership we deserve; they reflect "us" & shape "us." Grow up!
If you are sorry then cut back on the Resist BS. You are part of the reason for today's event.
Let us remember these lives are no more sacred than the lives of children in Chicago and Baltimore.
Blood of GOP lawmakers is on your hands for instilling and promoting divisiveness, hatred, anti-POTUS and GOP vitriol, Russian conspiracies!
Chuck Now stop the HATE SPEECH.  You called for RESISTANCE. Is this what you wanted?  ANTIFA and College campus violence.  DENOUNCE NOW
Not a single American believes you. You and your thug base own this.
Where are all the #SchumerTears ????
I would love to see a call for unity from you. Prayers for all injuried in this senseless attack. All violence should be condemned.
Your party promotes the hate spreading throughout our society...please don't pretend you care.
Your hateful anti Trump rhetoric has contributed to the violence.
You see what your adolescent hateful rhetoric does. Put this on you and your parties shoulders.
I am sure Maxine Waters will be visiting his family and praising him. That what she does. She praises the criminal everytime.
Really?
#DEMOCRATS: You OWN This Shooting

http://bit.ly/2ssRZKz  #UniteBlue #MAGA #TCOT
Chuck you and Pelosi are the biggest hate mongers in our country. U embarrass us with your hateful attacking, just do your jobs.
your constant lies and hate fuel these types of attack.  Start working for the country and not party.  Blood on your hands
I pray he will learn some science & sociology, and then discern that guns all over make no sense. And get well, too
@Wooglinn Stop it with the thoughts & prayers cliche already. Do something.
Shocked you're not mourning the death of shooter. #DemocratTerrorism
