@SenSchumer 
Resist! Push back! Continue to demand human rights for all! Counting on you & your colleagues to continue & succeed! Thank you
What rights are denied?
In Nebraska individuals or businesses can essentially opt out of the discrimination in employment laws
That's for everyone not just gays
The laws are in place for a reason, to prevent discrimination, no one should be discriminated against. Or do you think otherwise?
Who is being discriminated against?
Also, please read the definition before you respond.
Discrimination: the unjust or prejudicial treatment of different categories of people or things
We must have missed @realDonaldTrump 'a celebratory remarks about #pride #Pride2017
Maybe he doesn't think it's something to be celebrated. I certainly don't.
Didn't ask for your bigoted hateful opinion but certainly glad you live in a country where you're allowed to share it you hate monger #peace
Why would you call me a hate monger?
'






#Pride2017
He doesn't really care this is his own agenda. It's your vote for the same old crap
You're talking about Trump!!
NO!!! Hate party.
Ok, so you haven't spent anytime researching Trump, paying attention to what he says vs comparing his actions.
She's a trump supporter. They don't read. They just believe everything trump says.
Wrong  ... that would be you libs with HRC and that assclown Obama
Obviously you don't even see the irony, wow
Wining Chuck and his fountain of rhetoric. You're not feeling any sense of accomplishment because you have not accomplished anything
Please go home for dinner and then stay there
What the hell are you talking about nothing can cause more pain than ACA and it is laying have dead in the junkyard. Dems have no interest
In working with GOP. You wouldn't vote for ACA if it was put in front of you
goofy sissy!
Sick
Yea don't do anything crazy like march in a parade for vets.  That's about your speed right there
IMPEACH PRISON FOR ALL REPUBLICANS ELECTORAL GORSUCH,  PENCE ADMINISTRATION CHAO FLYNN GUILANI GINSBURG  TRUMPS  JARED
INCREASE  $15 PER HOUR  NATIONWIDE  $.50 INCREASE  EVERY  3 YEARS. CAN HIRE  SHOULD  PAY. LEGALIZE. ALL ILLEGALS  FREE  NOW
Get an education and you won't need minimum wage.  Illegals must go now!
We want to thank you for all the very HARD work you all are putting in right now.  We are ALL behind you.  WE WANT OUR AMERICA BACK!
Sort. Conservative Americans are taking back the US.
Gay Pride marchers with Jewish flags told to leave parade https://www.jihadwatch.org/2017/06/gay-pride-marchers-with-jewish-flags-told-to-leave-chicago-parade … #MondayMotivation #MAGA
Hypocrisy.  Don't you think.  LGBT inclusive except for blacks and Jews.
Where's @realDonaldTrump? He should be marching in his home town, too.
Right wing doesn't support LGBT.  Didn't you notice he never referred to LGBT in any of his tweets?   Time for conservatives to take back US
You're awesome Senator Schumer. Keep up the fight.
Keep fighting for equality chuck!!
I wander if he thinks christians have equal rights
Of course he does - what a strange comment
I wouldn't b to sure about that Christian liberty is being taken away more and more and hes always on the wrong side strange u don't no that
Wwjd He would tell the gays to repent
You are NO Christian. Too bad you can't pray hate away.
So LGBT needs a monument now.  What contribution have they made besides eroding the American family.
I hope you plan on marching with the military on July 4.   Wouldn't want to look like a hypocrite.
You really need to learn what your taking about before you open your mouth..... you have no clue how nursing home ICP works
what a joke. Stop exploiting LGBT community for your agenda.its pathetic
He has no fight? What is it about?
please resign now no chuck
Gag me.  I wish you would get out of office.
you should March against the Muslims' Quran which demands that gays be killed
We r so glad ur happy & u came out of the closet out on the street and full of Pride
I love you Chuck!  So glad you're our Senate Minority Leader. You're the best!  Love from California!  #Pride2017
@SenSchumer, all of us in SF and LA wish you and Pelosi your rightful places as leaders of Congress. #Resist #Midterms
Yup! Why is anyone listening to the right and their hateful attack ads? Since when do the Koch brothers & their ilk decide our Dems leaders?
CA doesn't need the U.S. The U.S. needs CA. California contributes more to the country than it receives. It would be great to secede.
You just want votes.
He doesn't need more votes, he is a Democrat from New York.
It was awesome to see you todsy!!!!
You must not get out much if he hrills u
True that!
We love you, Chuck! Thank you for standing strong!  @SenSchumer
Have you seen the Pride Parade in Istanbul? No happy marchers there.
Exactly! That's why any Muslim who wants freedom should be welcomed here.  
Can we still keep out the ones that want to impose sharia law?
When we come to USA they are ruled by the same judicial system than you and I. I'm glad I help with your questions. 
Sadly, you did not help at all. It was only one question, and you didn't really answer it.
Actually I did. If you don't understand the response you can google, or keep asking.
Question I posed had a yes or no answer. Which one was it?
Less than 10 min for your last snarky response. 23 min and still waiting for simple yes or no. Your silence is all the answer I need.
Who wants to meet a lib a hole.
Bo for Mayor
Schumer - gay
Thanks for all of your hard work and your kindness to the America people.
We appreciate you. Stay strong.
You didn't bend over when you were there, did you?
You look fabulous Chuck.
Please fight like crazy, do something historic to stop Hitler-like Trump. We all know what happened in Germany. I do not want the same here.
Pride at what?
You could use the exercise - you look as if you're about to burst.
You helped litter the streets in trash but yet you're for the environment? What a joke!
That's where you belong but you forgot your red nose and floppy shoes

Do you have pride in the SCOTUS? You ham handed donkey, stop obstructing our President!
Schumer could care less about the LGBT community he only marches in the gay pride parade to get votes .  LGBT community wake up vote out CS
Its pride in our @POTUS45__ for the travel ban that the supreme court ok to move forward.  Unlike you Schumer Trump protects Americans.
Woman MadAsHell at Maxine Waters 
https://twitter.com/joshdcaplan/status/879122542090498052 …
Can't say u didn't try to get Trump kick out.  U will go first..u skim bag!
Hope you're not too proud of this non-inclusiveness in Chicago. This is an issue.
I'm from NY, and I LOVE NY!!! My youngest boy must of been there!
Nothing about Russia now that Obama, Clinton and Lynch have been implicated? You had to know this would point back to them. 
ur show of tolerance.........joke!
So chuckie admits hes gay! Who would have thunk
How can you say your for gay rights and lobby for importing those that would rather see them dead..you can't have this both ways
You march with everyone but support none
Chucky you have to be more UNPOPULAR than Pelosi! Remember Michelson
Feeling so much Pride in my senator @SenSchumer
I knew it!
You didn't march, you campaigned. Big difference.
Good positive things that Schumer done to help get the healthcare past
How Donald and Pence were not part of the parade?
Ah don't you look cute...
You should have worn a tutu
Please help pass the new health-care  bill.. I  can not afford to buy my medication or pay for medical testing under my current plan..
Knew you would come out the closet one day Crybaby
Obi Wan @SenSchumer you are our last best hope!
Crying @senschumer pretending he cares about anything other than himself

Thanks for coming out Senator! Glad to see you :)
@rweingarten Het Sen Schumer...We saw you dance in Brooklyn too! Thanks!
#NoTrumpcare
chuky and the unicorns.
Bend over Chuck and play to the base!
Please start impeachment proceedings and don't think we don't want Russia focus' d on- We do. We want trump the rump to go down
BRINGS OUT THE INTER WOMAN IN YOU
Great to see one of our leaders out in the community on the weekend instead of golfing at a private resort.
They did want Gays for Trump in Tennessee he March!

Those hair plugs are from a porcupine Schumer #BernieBankFraud
Thanks Senator we are proud of your support of PRIDE!
Anything for a vote.....
Please tell us what you have done to help the American People since Nov. 9th 2016. I can't find a record of a single positive thing. @POTUS
CHUCKY YOURSO FAKE!!
You still suck chuck.
You look so natural there,Fake Tears Chuck
Thank you
OBSTRUCTIONIST & LIAR!!!!
Chucky you dam lier
Glad to see you can stop crying long enough to get out and march.  I heard  Kleenex tissue is offering you an endorsement, any truth Bahaha?
Me too
How about unborn babies? What do you think about them? Clown, con-artist, crooked #SewerRat
Keep on walking Chuck.  Right off that short pier.
He must not be Jewish.
Show us your man boobs
We brought this message that you are not bringing. Trump & Pence Must Go!
@RefuseFascism lit up #PrideNYC Today. " TRUMP AND PENCE MUST GO!" Getting ready #J15TrumpPenceMustGo. Spread this like wildfire #Pride2017 
Yes, but will you stop attending Rev. Ruben Diaz, Sr's events and speak up against his City Council candidacy? cc: @GersonBorrero
Of innocent babies and supporting that.
Panderer.
This violates Gods word, and ur doing so by supporting it. U will answer to the Lord when he returns. U will also answer to the slaughtering
Anything for Votes Chucky!!!
Homo
Photo op Chuck strikes again
You're promoting a sin.
Once again chuck is out of touch with America
And where is trump again? No? No Trump.
Ypur true colors coming out Chuckles?
Pride...did one of your staff tell you it was pedofile day?
They love u until u throw them under the bus when u don't need them any more
One wonders whether you really believe or if you are marching just to create an image. No credibility.
Thank you very much Sen Chuck. I took pics of you in the parade. You are incredibly energetic.
Meanwhile 8th graders failing 8th grade math competency exam has tripled since the exam was started.
Ah, left your boa home?
Who cares about less than one percent of the population. Start working for the people and open a constructive conversation with the leaders!
Biggest fake going. Chucky, explain how you became so wealthy, never ever having a private sector job?
MIT Climate Scientist Dr. Richard Lindzen: Believing CO2 controls the climate ‘is pretty close to believing in magic’
Proud to be a New Yorker!! 

Chuck, women were ejected from the gay pride parade in Chicago for carrying Star of David flag. Does that also make you proud ?
If there were a straight day parade, would you march with them?
Showing your true colors Chucky baby?
Thank you Chuck.
So happy that you found your people
Parade or circus? #love45 #maga
Go chuck go who knew
Can't believe anyone would purposefully and willingly post photos of themselves being such a tool.
LOL  Yawl really think chucky gives a crap?  It was a photo op for him.
Dear Chuck: you know you really look , well..........gay!
Looks like crybaby schumer has been having 2 scoops also.
Your hair looks terrific!
Pandering again and again
 you Chuck!!!!!
Freedom to be whatever you want to be
