Well, work with the president instead of against him. SOCIALISM does not work, get that through you skull.
Actually it does.
where?
Here!
Your taking some serious drugs, socialism does not work in a free society.
Ha!
Chuck and Claudia checking out a Boilermaker runner and Trump supporter
CHUCK And DEMOCRATS HAVE NOTHING TO RUN ON ! THEY ARE DESTRUCTIVE ! THEY ARE IMPLODING!
WE WILL FIGHT FOR AMERICAN'S FIRST!
#MEGA
We will not be Let you delay Our PRESIDENT and AGENDA !! SIGNED BY THE FOLLOWERS OF PRESIDENT TRUMP
No one is losing Medicaid. Just removing waste and fraud. Something you don't understand.
MEDICIAD NOT EFFECT THEM, IT'S SET UP TO  WEEN OFF THE FREELOADERS THAT CAN WORK BUT DON'T. REMEMBER THE BOY WHO EAT LOBSTERS WITH WELFARE $
And they actually asked you, a total clown, to save it? Bahahahahahaa
Schumer's the clown?  Bwahhhahaj
Yes he is. Do you live in New York Carly?
Medicaid will be available to those in need.  The able-bodied put on medicaid by ACA will now have CHOICE about healthcare insurance.

-U should have explained,it is imperative 2 address Medicaid fraud,& cut those who R on ACA gravy train,2 ensure Medicaid 4 needy

.@PNHP & @MTannerCato discuss if a #SinglePayer #Healthcare system would work in the U.S. 
Shumer, stop obstructing http://EVERYTHING.you  are stepping on our voice, our vote, our choice. You are being disrespectful to
All red states, or do you even care.
No. Why would he, or we, care?
So you admit that he doesn't give a crap about these people in red states?
I'm saying I don't care, as long as they're supporting GOP's inhumane policies. @SenSchumer is my senator fighting 4 most vulnerable, ...1/
What inhumane policies?
You should participate in fixing @BarackObama  mess you help make..  #Obstructionist   @realDonaldTrump  repeal replace
Save Medicare. You took our monies
They were lucky to get it.  No here.
why are you so conspiculosly silent about handicapped being tossed out of wheelchairs in ohio by police...
Yeah it's all about politics. You never do or say anything outside of politics. That's why we voted @POTUS someone outside of politics
Of course they are! NYS IS THE HIGHEST TAXED WELFARE STATE IN THE NATION. NO JOBS AVAILABLE. CORRUPTION IN GOVERNMENT.
Do they know you are a lying snake? People with disabilities don't lose anything and you know it. It's those who don't need it. Snake.
People w/disabilities, ok, but those ABLE BODIED PEOPLE 2 lazy 2 work, don't deserve free healthcare!! REPEAL FREELOADING OBAMACARE!
Nice photo op using disabled people for #strawman argument #libtard
What do these people do when it's bankrupt?
I call BS on this Chuck. Only the ignorant  reading your tweets would believe your lies re Medicaid.
You cant save yourself
Staged Event! Sen Schummy doesn't know any non elected citizens!
so senator ,when are you giving up your plan to go on obamacare?
and which governments are created to protect.  Heathcare is LIFE
The phrase gives three examples of the "unalienable rights" which the Declaration says have been given to all human beings by their Creator,
"Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness" is a well-known phrase in the United States Declaration of Independence.
Chuckie is telling lies again
Our disposition to admire riches, worship
power, & neglect the poor corrupts R moral sentiments. #AdamSmith
(link:
http://knarf.english.upenn.edu/Smith/tms133.html …).
Nobody is taking medicaid away.. The same Rumor existed when Odumbo was president.
Medicaid is not in danger for disabled folks. Did you mention that?  Of course you didn't. Keep On Wasting Tax $$ Resisting. Good choice Ass
Chuck. I know one of these guys. I emailed him and asked him if he said that.  He doesn't even know what Medicaid is. Is this fake news?
Liar
The Democrats are the ones who robbed Medicaid to pay for Obamacare.
I just met 3 new yorkers who can't stand you
With 1/5 or a 100 billion dollars of Medicare and Medicaid ending up abuse in Fraud We need to get it out of the Political Elites Control.
TERM LIMITS 
Chucky you can't be trusted
They look a little Young for Medicaid chuck. Must be friends of yours. X Democrat

many people with disabilities still work and don't need Medicaid. Just keep living off the government and you'll never get ahead
Who said the disabled and poor would be excluded from Medicaid. That is who it was designed for. Please do not put out a Democrat twist/ lie
They didn't hid the beer can or bottle. 
I'm on disability, I believe it will not affect those in need. Only the able to work bodies.
Thanks I have a daughter who's disabled. I inquired and no the bill would not affect her at all. If you are able to work...get to work!
They will have coverage.  They are not illegal immigrants. STOP WASTING YOUR TIME AND EFFORT YOU CAN WORK ON NYS. HIGHEST TAXED WELFARE
That's great windbag. I will go to work so they can run the boilermaker and still keep their insurance. Get a job and quit whining.
Mr Schumer, when can we expect you to be truthful to the American public?
Lots will be screwed
So what are u doing to make the disastrous Obamacare better?  What?  Name it because it cannot be sustained.
The states run their own Medicaid programs, but much of the funding is from the federal government
How do you replace something they have not lost? @SenSchumer is a lair and perpetrator of false accusations. If he's concerned why obstruct?
Seems like millions of Americans will be losing something
Chucky your a fraud
No..they said: " please go to DC and do SOMETHING! We are not paying you for BS photo ops"
Scare mongers are liked Senator.  Fly over America doesn't care about elitist scare tactics which are generally lies.
#fakenews
Thank you so much. We are so grateful for your work.
It looks like they are faltering. Be on guard. They always have a comeback.
fix your toilet Chuck
#CryingChuck everybody knows they will be covered we are talking about able bodies that refuse to work and want America to pay 4 everything
They're not entitled to other peoples money because they have disabilities.  And don't feel good about yourself for redistributing.
U can't save anything Cause there's nothing lost Medicaid is safe U r not telling the truth again obama care failed U didn't read the law

GOP doesn't seem 2 speak the same language as WE who stand for a Free Democracy! 
@SenateDems ---> The GOPers are ALL FREAKIN TERRIFIED!
As a fiscally responsible person I am SICK AND TIRED of paying 26% of my taxes to support Medicaid for people just because they have kids.
Problem solved. You don't actually pay any 26% for Medicaid 

Glad I could clear that up for you
I'm not sure anyone who thinks there is a 26% Medicaid tax is in much of a position to call for tax reform
2/2 We need tax reform! And, I don't like any dictated health insurance. We need smaller governments.
Did you tell them Medicare gets over $900 billion dollars, and there are never cuts. The new projected increase is 10%.  Stop fear tactics.
This is one thing you are suited for and capable of. Otherwise useless liar!
Medicaid is going nowhere sch. @GOP would like it to be used as designed. For those unable to work. Sch take the time to know about issues
Having kids is NOT a disability. STOP giving parents free medicaid Chucky, then we would have enough $$ for the truly disabled.
Thank you. Plz spread the word about http://HouseCallsCampaign.org  We provide resources for DRs/RNs to call @USSenate and tell them "DO NO HARM"
OBSTRUCTIONIST and LIAR!!!
Boo hoo
Tell them to lay their own way
Sure they did chuck. Sure they did.  They're pointing their thumbs at you like they're thinking "look at this clown"....
Right you Dems took money fromMedicare and gave it to Obamacare.  You stole from us seniors.  You stole from the treasury. You liat
Medicaid should be covered by your state! The rest of the country should not foot the bill for you poorly run state!
They are in no way going to be affected, just the able bodied lazy freeloaders that shouldn't be on welfare to begin with

Excessive health costs are the problem.  Medicaid only fuels them, and the kickbacks politicians get for allowing it to happen.
SENATOR WE ALL WOULD BE LOST WITHOUT MEDICAID ;INCLUDING ME! IT WOULD BE A DISASTER ON A LARGE SCALE !A DOMINO EFFECT WORLDWIDE!
Why would you be lost?
I GET MEDECINE FROM ..MEDICAID I NEED IT TO FUNCTION!
If Medicaid would stop qualifying people JUST because they have kids it would have more funding to help those truly disabled.
I see 4.
Hahahaha!!!!! You will say any thing
Remember Crybaby, it is not Democrats blocking the Republican bill, it is Republicans. You are nothing but a sideline cheerleader.
Schumer you're on here telling lies everyday,it's getting old
A lot more 1000000+ between babies, children, elderly, poor and those with disabilities depend on it.
And many lazy losers who think the world owes them something. "Having kids" should NOT qualify. Having a true disability should.
Good thing no one is getting kicked off Medicaid then!
http://waynedupree.com/26-individuals-arrested-stealing-govt-welfare/amp/ …
No one wants to take Medicaid away from the people that need it, but there is Medicaid abusers out there. Your an idiot if you don't no it.
I hope you told them that the Fed was only on the hook for the Medicaid increases for 2 more years than Obamacare screws them.
Chucky then figure out how to pay for it!!!!!

How about crooked @HillaryClinton's stash colluding with Russians???
Did you tell them you're the one who is scaring the shit out of them with your phony fear mongering? Let Obamacare crash #Chuckles It will
Medicaid is used by many people wrongly.  I'm proud to say our President encourages people to get up and do for themselves! Awesome!
So true.  I'm tired of paying 26% of my taxes so someone who "has kids" gets free medical care and disabled people have to jump thru hoops.
He is not taking away Medicaid you liar
@SenSchumer-Did you talk to the millions of families that can't  afford Obamacare and have no Health Insurance? Very bad time for families!
Funny thing is, I isn't just covered by Medicaid..Resign Meatball
A photoop of all suckers of progressives & communist entitlement mentality what a pathetic shame schumer biggest looser
They belong to a union they have insurance dont need Medicaid and should not have taxpayer paid for unions
Are you kidding me now? STOP IT. They won't lose it!
I just met with three people from Indiana with disabilities that said please don't let Schumer and Pelosi screw our country
They most likely told you to get your Fake Tears Head out of the DNC Ass and get to work MAGA instead being a Liberal Crybaby Democrat Loser
Good to see not ALL of his time is spent at parties with Jared Kushner and Steven Spielberg
While you're at it, please convince your colleagues on the other side of the aisle that DJT is selling us out to Russia. #25thThe45th
That's just crazy talk.
Ikr? 
I'm crazy to say our elected representatives should actually work for us and do what's right for our country. Silly me. 
That's exactly what he's doing, unlike Obummer!
Fun day helping out with the event, Senator!
The opportunistic pimp is now a lying as well. This is not a leader. It is a dangerous lame idiot for the communists against our prosperity
Chuck, why do you always look like emperor Palpatine in every pic taken of you?  Except that one with Ben Sasse where you looked stoned.
You'll politicize anything won't You?
That's correct many people are in need of health care.  Dems need to lead way to a new plan combining single payer with insurance support
How do you sign a bill that puts thousands of people in debt.
Your numbers are always wrong.
You pay their insurance cost, I can't afford to! My family is suffering, we're is my help.
If you can train for the boilermaker you can train for a job, just makes sense.
@GOP are wearing earplugs.
I have to say, this sounds like total bullshit to me. Senator, I believe you have destroyed your credibility. No one believes you anymore.
Weird to see people in wheelchairs not being handcuffed and arrested for fighting for healthcare.
In today's new world they are also able to find employment.
Your absolutes show your ignorance
Photo op Chuck
What? It went somewhere? Gee I didn't know that.
Thank you @SenSchumer, I feel in good hands with you and @SenGillibrand during these turbulent times.

THEY CAN AFFORD BEER BUT NEED GOVERNMENT HELP YEAH SOME OF THE PAID FOR BY SOROS
Blah blah blah there are a lot of people that need Medicare and Medicare but there are millions that don't and abuse the system BLAME THEM

This is why people hate you - can't u go anywhere w/out Trump on ur mind?
You need to go to Trump Anonymous
Medicaid NOT ObamaCare. Pay attention. #maga
Don't worry, @SenTedCruz will fix it bu making insurance imposdibly expensive if you are ill. Oh wait, thats not a solution? #saveACA
Here in Indiana, the state government is refusing to release their findings regarding what the effect would be on Medicaid. Unbelievable.
Repugnant.
@realDonaldTrump there is no way to work with this guy. He is a political robot
Did you tell them the truth? That their coverage won't change? Did you?? DID YOU??!
Medicaid is safe. U just like to start your fear mongering. Easy way to get votes.
Under ACA ppl making 138% of poverty can get Medicaid it's unsustainable-trumps plan cuts these offers alt options & those on it don't lose
Please remove @SenSanders from Dem Outreach, @SenSchumer so we can save the Dem Party agenda, including ACA and Medicaid.
Medicaid gives feee medical to people JUST because they have kids but makes truly disabled people jump through hoops to get help. Why save?
put simply GOP dies not care about these people, only interested in the welfare of the top 1%  Sad!
Medicaid was designed to help elderly citizens who needed assistance.  What percentage of recipients do they represent?
Theyre lost without it? When did it go away? I completely missed medicaid being ended? Pretty soon when obamacare folds medicaid will stay!
Come back next week with a plan to improve the ACA.  Don't wait for the republicans to fail. Because they may pass their bill
He's not cutting Medicaid Chuckie
FAKE NEWS Medicaid is NOT threatened for those in need!!
They said Chuckie the Clown Please for the love of our country. Retire Chuck
If they didn't get 20 yrs in, they get no retirement pay, our gift for getting medically discharged! S.66 needs to be passed!
Schumer quote nerdy individuals not 2 discount their pain can't speak 4 MDs hospital workers Insur co. Pharmacies pros knows Obama kills US
Well senator that's great because medicaid isn't goin aye here index the ahca. And you know it so stop the fear mongering
Hey Chuck! You're doing awesome work, keep it up. You are our LION. Please RT this. THANKS! #ImpeachTrump
That's sad. He is your Lion?  Since when are blackmailed clowns, lions?
Chuck Schumer hates America and Americans along with all other Dems in Washington.
Replying to @CNN
Perfect.
As always, you are great.  If I may ask, when are you do back in Cortland? Folks have a summer house on Skineateles...
Come out for single-payer and people might start taking you seriously! That's how you #resist!
Yes. Let's be marvelous and moral. Let's make FDR proud. We need health care, not insurance. #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Route9Dreams
You know Medicaid's not going anywhere you also know it was Obama that added tax to equipment that they need
Clearly you've been misled. Medicaid funding increases in both plans. It's simply increases less rapidly under the newly proposed bill
Thank you for your compassion and that of all serving the people of America in @TheDemocrats party 4 #healthcare We can't afford to lose it
Can't afford to keep it
Bull
They won't lose it. You are either lying or crying.
Save the country 1st
Only people blinded by Hillary's catastrophic loss are stupid enough to believe your lies.
Photo opportunist Chuckie Cheese Clown Boy !
Your the vote of No ! No ideas ! No solutions , No hope ! Your Party is over ! We are smarter
As we all know chuckles @SenSchumer obama cares no more 

So why are you hanging on to failed care
What a looser you are
John, grow up.  You're acting like Donald.  Now go take your place in the corner.
you make me puke? You know why.
He has that affect on many. But please tell us why?
Feel free to take care of their healthcare costs Libertard. I need my hard earned money to take care of my family.
You can stop and tell them it is not going anywhere. Even in the new bill it is still there.
Ernie, your ignorance is appalling!
save us Chuck Schumer.We appreciate everything you're doing.Sad that Trump supporters think it's best to make fun of those with disabilities
