I don't understand why some of my colleagues support the Cassisdy-Graham bill, but I do know they need to hear from you. #ProtectOurCare
If you think Americans w/ pre-existing conditions should focus on getting healthy instead of fighting discrimination, make your voice heard.
If you think Americans should keep guaranteed coverage for maternity care, substance abuse & prescription drugs, make your voice heard.
If you think more American children, veterans, seniors and families should be covered - not less - make your voices heard.
If you think #Trumpcare should pass the @jimmykimmel test, make your voices heard.
If you think more Americans should have access to maternal care & contraception - not less - make your voices heard.
If you stand w/ @hospitals4kids @AARPadvocates @LittleLobbyists @AmerMedicalAssn & others fighting to #ProtectOurCare, you know what to do.
All they have to do is keep their legs closed and we won't need free condoms maybe try that
No I'm not a racist I just believe in America if you aren't from here and not legal you should go back to where you are from Trump 2020
If D.C. Politicians and Hollywood stars lost their healthcare and were forced to pay for Obamacare they would be first in line to appeal it
D.C Politicians DO have Obama Care.
THE GOVERNMENT IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR IMMORAL ABORTION AND BIRTH CONTROL.  EDUCATION IS THE KEY! THE LIBERAL ATTITUDE IS  IMMORAL.
Our voices are being heard chubby. DO AWAY WITH ACA
WHY IS THAT SCHUMER CAUSE THE FED GOV. WILL NOT PAY FOR ABORTIONS.  WOMEN CAN STILL GET ABORTIONS JUST HAVE TO PAY FOR IT THEMSELVES
Stop supporting planned parentless and STOP KILLING BABIES....
Our medical before Obama care was 1/4 or less the price of Obama's plan!! We are dying out here!! Obama plan is killing us!!!
If they want an abortion they can get one American taxpayers are NOT PAYING FOR IT  they can
Care yes...killing babies no
Real reason: #abortion, #keepamericanschainedtogovt.
We've called and called. You MUST DO UR JOB. WE R SICK AND TIRED OF GOP TRYING TO HURT US
Ya really want to know what we think? Start paying for the exact same healthcare citizens pay for, see how quickly you change your tune
My premiums increased by 76% under Obamacare & deductions increased so much, we can't afford to use it. I used to LIKE our insurance. 
Mine doubled, both cost and deductibles. We are taxed to death, nothing left to live on and the fat cat politicians get fatter!
So true.
Ladies get off your asses + handle your own maternal care. Get your hands of my wallet and using my taxes to finance your freebee mentality
Have an angry news conference now!!!
some days, with all these men promoting the removal of healthcare for women, I would like to see all men have a vasectomy until they are wed
It's not health care...its KILLING BABIES....
Then scrap it!!!!
you are such a liar. You are part of the SWAMP AND FULL OF IT.
This is rich. You push abortion down people's throats and then cry about maternal care? Hypocrite!
Your a BABY  KILLER..
Quit using our money to pay for abortions! Sick pigs!
all insurances cover care for a women so don't even start lying about that one.But then you do support planned parenthood who kills babies
Real Independent Women pay for their own $ contraception.  So much for Women's Liberation  guess with your beliefs just abort babies
Jesus playing the woman and minority card all the time. I think u need the pelosi treatment, all talk, no action
Would cause millions to be able to make a choice.  People will purchase what is important to them.
Amen to that my brother
@JudgeJeanine @kimguilfoyle @greggutfeld @EricTrump  Hey Chucky, You continue to Bore us to tears. Probably the same in your house
Maybe you could use your gift of gab and impress upon a couple Republicans to not be evil, heartless bastards. Just a thought.
Medicare 4 All means all Americans are entitled to quality healthcare. All of us need to make our voices heard. How about you Sen Schumer?

wonder how many of these women standing up for women's choice aka abortion have used planned parenthood or had an abortion, their mom didnt
If you're FOR your tax money funding the murder and butchering of babies by Planned Parenthood- and the sale of the body parts- by all means

Chuck such a pander for votes Obama care is crap, get your act together
What the Dem's are failing to do AGAIN is not get DETAILS on MSM Senator. I see them on twitter but do not hear COSTS on the news. Fix that.
We should not have to pay for other people's abortions.
Yep as Princess Trumpka pushes her plan that wealthy get tax break. Mid Low poor get ruined.

Slavery and death!

Dump Trump's
No ACA repeal
Maybe that should be on the individual American and not the entire country. Ridiculous
Translation: more free stuff.
No it is not
I think you should worry about keeping your senate seat
I think adults who are old enough to engage in sex, have a personal responsibility for their behavior. This doesn't belong to taxpayers.
And who will pay for it.
Where is your Better Idea for health care. We haven't heard or seen anything from Democratic's. But whinnying and crying
Stop bitching and tell us YOUR PLAN ... you have none so shut up
@congressdotgov we are watching you closer THAN EVER.  Remember #ACA is THE 50%+ factor as to whether you'll keep your seat.
Planned Parenthood is a duplication of services offered by Title nine.  Everything except abortion.  No abortions on my tax money.
.  Your way it horrible. Obamacare is horrible. Everyone I know who has it HATES IT
"More Americans?"  I take it you want to leave illegals out of the equation?
Are these all Mexican illegals shown in this photo dressed in pink.  If so have them go back to Mexico and start a healthcare program there.
They can pay for contraception or don't have sex and overpopulate! Another generation of entitlements!
How can GOP look their constituents in the face...SHAME ON THEM
I think Healthcare is a right - like it is in every other major country. You don't support that though you side with your donors.
Universal health care is garbage. I know because I live in a country that has it.
So do I and I just had a free c4c5 acf! No deductible.  Best health care ever!
#SaveACA #WomensRightsAreHumanRights

No it is just bad for illegals ! GOOD !
Why are Republicans so hell bent on taking health insurance away from people???
It doesn't. Read the bill. https://www.cassidy.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/LYN17709.pdf …
140 pages compared to over 2000!  what a differance
Bull Shit Chucky
SCREW OBAMACARE! WE NEVER WANTED IT! IT RUNED MY LIFE !
How come all these people look like Mexican where are the other races or don't the rest get the same attention
We want #MedicareForAll NOW! You know what to do...and if you don't  we know what to do #Primary
.

As @DNC promotes planned murder at the taxpayers expanse

No more lies @DNC call it the truth you kill thousands babies

No more lies

.
No. I'm not paying for it.
Here were paying women to protect themselves, Does that make these women public Whores?Iam just Asking?
I'm in New York... to whom do I make my voice heard?
Your two senators.
Yeah, I get that, except they're not the ones who need convincing.
It's giving them ammo... stats...
You mean murder. The faces of the millions of the future women you murdered under the guise of " health care" will haunt you in hell forever
Buy your own birth control!!
Who paid for the nicely printed signs?
Do your job and reduce the debt.
All you have to do is visit your doctor and ask! If your broke or just a dead beat there are thousands of free clinic's funded by donations!
You know full-well that the complaints against PP are not  over access to Ob-Gyn and Condoms, as this would imply.
Insurance was ment to cover natural sickness not birth control pills, or anything else. This is why insurance is skyrocketing.
