Please tell us who made this rule.
You can find the committee names on the senate website.  Led by Shelby (R). McConnell on there too.  Reeks of healthcare. @SenSchumer on it
Just tried calling Shelby's offices in DC, Birmingham, Huntsville, Mobile, Montgomery & Tuscaloosa - all send you to voicemail. #notnormal
New strategy this year.   Don't answer phones so you don't have to answer questions.
perhaps protest outside head quarters and do things to get the media to pick up story locally
What a dweeb...
Wouldn't it be lovely if ALL media refused to cover trump? No audience? He couldn't handle the lack of attention.
And what bill would that be that you're referring to?
Like w/the Russia sanctions based on fake accusations like Syria election meddling Crimea? Can't believe how desperate losers US has become
They must be ashame to kick 23 millions off of healthcare'
So please tell us what you plan to do about both issues, Senator.
Just like @SenSanders no solution to problems!
Really!    Really!
Well I can't afford my insurance but I still have to pay for everyone else's how fair is that that's called sneaky
Very well said! I agree.
Talk about sneaky...WE did not know anything about OBCARE until after YOU rammed it down our throats and it became law.. No PRESS EITHER !.
Just saw this. You mean like the ACA?
Like ObamaCare?
Waste of time talking to Chuck...
Blah Blah Blah
yet pelosi said he have to pass the law to see what is in it. Hypocrite schumer. Typical lib
You mean like the Obamacare?
exactly wee the ppl NEED to hold contact our senators by all means available and voice our displeasure LOUDLY relentlessly but with respect
Should not be restricted at all.  It is but one of the checks we have left over Monarchy.
If they mess this up they will be out in 2018!!
I have not seen a plan from the Dems yet?
Reps could not care less for Americans. We have become a country of shame, Rep are cowards. We Dems are going to clean house!
Sure Barry O divided this Country if Trump was given a fair chance we could all find Middle ground ! Trump is more like @billclinton.
Kinda like those sneaky Democrats??? Passing bs bills in the dead of night or on holidays! Or lying about the bill to get it passed. Hmm ACA
When are you retiring?  You're definitely not my Senator.
Like you did 8 years ago funny how you want people to know what's in the bill now 8 years ago it was pass it to see what's in it
mr schemer I have no sympathy for any republicans the shooter was right in what he said about them
This is truly the party ph hypocrites
hummm , sounds like Harry Reid!
https://twitter.com/trumpsuperpac/status/875039277649993728 ….  Your. Democratic Party
Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch recently called for Blood and Death on the Streets! #Alexandria #TRUMP 

Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch recently called for Blood and Death on the Streets! #Alexandria #TRUMP 
Schumer let as know abt Jared Kushner
It's your job to stop it
You mean like the Dems did with Obamacare
Mr Schumer. The press would not be restricted at all if their reporting as accurate and truthful. Instead they twist the facts.
And yet they talk about violent rhetoric.....
p don't let them please !
Yes they should be restricted when they act like an enemy of the state.
So what are you going to do about it besides posting tweets?
so you can add to the fake news, really
Why did you do it 8 yrs ago through bribery behind closed doors with no Rep votes. Pelosi said "pass it to know what's in it." Rep.'s turn.
Just like you did for ACA.
What a bunch of scumbags!! Stop them from the rubbish, they want to do.
You've been there a while Chuck. You've not noticed that your "friends" across the aisle tend to lean a wee bit fascistic?
I think you better look in the Mirror Chuckie. Obamacare was passed middle of the night not Repubs at all. WHY do you lie so much? REALLY?
You have blood on your hands by spewing lies and incitements.
You mean like 2010
Like Obamacare??, Chuckie.
PAYBACK IS HELL CHUCKY
You are perfect example of why America needs TERM LIMITS for Senators! @DJFreshGress
@QUJournalism @romenesko @spj_tweets @pressfreedom 

#FreePress #FirstAmendment
Are you finally done with the divisiveness?  Do you see what you all are causing? Pray for all wounded.  #scaliseshooting
The Media Legitamacy Act. Can that be a thing?  A government official shouldnt mislead us with propoganda. Like " Witch hunt." etc.
We need legislation on Media. No government official should be allowed to discredit the news OR blurt out their own nonsubtantiated facts.
The Democrats invented sneaky politics.
Yes, they're trying to sneak the "Stealth Bill" through the Senate.  @McConnellPress
Democracy?
These people don't play fair and they don't care. Get it?
Chuckles-U mean sneaking the way Lucifer did to America w/ OsamaCare?  
What's that about glass houses?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIVqInMfghA&sns=tw … via @youtube
Obama set that precedent- you never complained then
You mean like the Affordable Care Act?
Press shouldn't be monitored by Gov either
Obama monitored AP.
You crack me up do you not remember the last eight years buddy. Maybe someone on your team needs to refresh your memory
They are not sneaking! They are doing what they were elected to do. You are to busy resisting. Get to work for our Country.
Have some respect toward your fellow congressmen on the right who said this had to be done cause press is trying to steal his ATM Pin #
How are talking about the Lib. Dems. YOUR partyDIVIDER
You mean like obamacare?
Are you going to cry now crying Chuck!
The Democratic party is creating hate for deranged people like what happened today and start shooting Republicans
You mean like obama & the socialist/dems did in 2009.....is that what you are talking about......" obamacare"
So much hatred from the left now you have a deranged person who asked if they were Democrats or Republicans and he started shooting
Everything president Trump puts forth you guys squash it nothing's getting done because you guys lost the election
The Democrats need a time out!
@SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP When you're dishonest, sneaky, and consistently lie, can we expect more? What this new Admin is doing is deplorable!
Fake news can't call themselves " Press"
Sneaking? Speaking from experience, Senator?
Why are you and your party trying to assassinate GOP, Re: Scalise?
IT IS YOUR PARTY CHUCKLES THATS TRYING TO RESTRICT ACCESS. YOU ARE SUCH A LIAR, SO WILLING TO BLAME OTHERS FOR YOUR FAULTS ITS YOUR CAREER
AGAIN CHUCKLES THE CLOWN  IS TRYING TO START FAKE A NEWS STORY. DISGRACEFUL HOW LIBERAL SENATORS ARE OUT OF CONTROL WITH LEAKING FAKE NEWS
Traitor, Retire Crook
No 1 can restrict access to Capital bldg or activities in the halls except temp security restrictions.

Anyone saying else is lying to you.
Funny, the press is propaganda for dems. Does it matter if they are there or not, they report what you tell them, not the truth.
We are in crisis mode. GOP destroying our democracy by dismantling our values/rights piece by piece. Time for Dems to play hardball!
Ur so full of it
Wtf you did it to start with , hypothesis all of you !!! It should be bi partisan , but no !!!  You are worthless CS
Seriously
I guess that is their point to hide the shameful work they do.
I've never seen so much conniving and dishonesty in an administration. Rotten from the Trump head.
Chuck, what's wrong with the #GOP? They've become a pack of shameless predators ravishing the US body politic! What has made them so?
chuck is a crook  and afool
What does your party try to sneak through Congress and US people? Phony scandal like @realDonaldTrump Russian collusion. #FakeScandal #Dems
please get more forceful when you talk. Al dems talk so calmly no one hears. Please speak up more. All dems should.
Obamacare took my insurance away because I'm lower middle class income and married.  Income ceiling do very low only help those in poverty
Make sure 2 invite the press to your office & answer their questions; have Democratic Senators constantly available to tout the ACA! Please.
#sneakyGOP forgot they work for American people #voteThemOut
Please tell us what you're doing about it and when you'll be speaking to the press tomorrow morning in the hallway?
There's no there there..get it through your tiny lil peabrain..and do the job you were elected to do. Americans are tired of this bullshit
They do it in Russia and turkey.
They should be if they lie and Make up fake news like you do. They need removed from WH forever.
Press access should NEVER be restricted. There is no "fair" restriction-that's called censorship. McConnell is out of control do something!
Schumer You're sickening Legal immigrants pray for the success of Pres Trump & administration. God bless Pres TrumpMABUHAY
The Bosd Putin told 45 it works
#ShowUsTheBill
Please tell us your gonna do something about it!!
Obama restricted FOX
so glad the lady senator caught them and called them out!!
how long is this gonna take? i understand thorough, we are impatient. Impeach, writ of mandamus, something!
Except in Russia, e.g.
Like the way democrats did for the past eight years?
The press needs to behave themselves and stop getting in ppl's face rudely.
Good to have adults who understand the constitution
Obviously  Obamacare u missed this one !
Sneaking a major bill through Congress should never be allowed, but that's a whole different ball of wax.  They know it won't pass otherwise
@GOP didn't get the memo aka The Constitution. @SenShelby is the ringleader of this latest attack on the First Amendment by the @SenateGOP.
Yes, You DemoRATS are GREAT at doing that! #TermLimits
I'll remember you said that the next time you want it done for your party
We as Americans need to take to the streets before our Democracy becomes an Autocracy. WAKE UP PEOPLE
and you would know all about this right Chuck?
The Democratic Party needs to RISE UP ... this administration is destroying the thread of our democracy.
Funny coming from the folks who said "we need to pass the bill and then we will read what's in it"!
Obamacare 
Like Obamacare?
EVERY BODY: SNEAKY GOP TRYING TO QUIETLY REPEAL OBAMACARE ,,,MAKE SOME NOISE AND RT,,,,,,
You Democrats should be outlawed so real Americans can get on with the business of moving forward and destroy our enemies. You are pathetic.
You are ridiculous. Pelosi on Obamacare said you will know what is in it when we pass it. Dems passed it without one GOP vote.
shut up flake when did u start caring about fairness
Reconciliation health care is now sneaking

The press en masse need to ignore the ban. What is going to happen? If they get arrested so what.
It's not possible for me to  you more! Just saw you on @maddow...so good.
Shame on the Un-American Republicans. Our free press is about our freedom and democracy. GOP is out of control and Un-American
LOLOL - What the CHUCK? You big damn PELOSI! You are just like a bridge over troubled WATERS. I did WARREN you tho! hehehe - @energy321
Help us Senator!
see what @SenBennetCO is doing about that and replicate it
So hold your press conferences everywhere and anywhere. Go on @Facebook live. #truth #sessions #freedomofthepress #theresistance
You're a poisen to your own party.
That Bill better NOT Pass!!!
Your words were perfect this evening, as with your help!
Did you miss your civics class? How does INS "Sneak" a bill through congress what is sending it to cmte for?Your AA's do all the work anyway
#GOPTraitors
Please let your fellows know that the citizens of New York demand to know what's in the bill they're conspiring to pass.
Are we now living in a dictatorship???  The press is being silenced???  What next???
When will both parties start legislating for AMERICA and stop the nonstop cut throat patisian politics?GOP did it to Ya'll now yall doing it
WHEN Do THE GROWN Ups GET Sworn in?
Captain Obstructionist...zero credibility.
But "We have to pass it to know what's in it" oh wait thats Obamacare.Btw cnn , nytimes, wapo are #FakeNews=thanks former FBI director comey
Lmao Obama care was sneaked thru !!!!
Obstruct chuck
IF THEY COULD THEY WOULD TURN US INTO A DICTATORSHIP.
Sneaky.  Tired of the facades!
Do you believe this should apply to both parties ?
Blah blah blah
Chuck, we need a DAILY dem press briefing!
Hypocrite. How you conveniently forgot how you guys pushed through Obamacare in closed door session. Selective outrage doesn't work anymore
You mean the fake news Schmuck
that's true Chuck, we also need to keep an eye on you
Like you when you passed obamacare. Give me a Break.
#TrumpRussia #Kleptocracy #Resist
