Follow the law!
THEY ARE YOUR LAWS LAW MAKER!!! CHANGE THEM AND THEY WILL BE ENFORCED APPROPRIATELY
Shouldn't we be allowed to tell people what we expect from them if they'd like the privilege of coming to live in our Country?
More lunatic left lies. #fakenews
Would that you cared for innocents killed or armed by illegals but not one peep from you in such cases.
he only cares about giving illegals full citizenship and right to vote to save his party and vastly increase the base
Did they make you cry, Chuckie ?
Can't this be stopped?
why do Dems support illegal aliens that commit crimes, murder & rape over American citizens..we should demand their resignation.
Wouldn't have these problems if they came hear through the legal process we offer. They don't dictate how we run our Country!
a senator promoting breaking laws? That's a scandal. Impeach schumer!
what about the family's destroyed by illegal immigration? Jobs lost. Murders? Low wages?
Like they say "You reap what you sow. If you commit a crime you do the time"
Not heartbreaking!!! Obey US immigraiton laws!!!
stop lying! How about illegals simply follow the process? Why aren't you praising/protecting legal immigrants? Disrespectful
now Sessions wants to go after the funding for Sanctuary Cities..how can we get back on track to what we were as a country
and so when are you going to impeach him? Useless totally useless
can't impeach without cause
oh there is plenty of cause if you don't know you haven't been watching..
all heresy and speculation, I'm watching, no proof  of anything done wrong
laughing start here https://www.democraticcoalition.org/updateddworkinreport … and work your way to here https://patribotics.blog/2017/03/28/kushner-and-trump-taped-at-secret-trump-tower-meetings-with-russians/ …
dem coalition-I really don't care what Trump did 30 years ago as a businessman,need to read more
why would no American banks loan him anymore money for his ventures due to bankruptcy Deutsche bank
bankruptcy is not illegal
We welcome LEGAL immigrants who come in our Country through our front door NOT criminals sneaking in through our back window!
BOO freakin BOO HOO...why don't you get on tv and cry again .. you NY Phony
when someone comes to stay at your house, who sets the rules? America has laws to follow to come here legally. Obey our laws!
It's not Pres. Trump's policies! It's the LAW of the US! those people are at risk because THEY BROKE THE LAW & ARE CRIMINALS!
Hey Chucky u should also listen to the heartbreaking stories of family members killed by illegal aliens! #MAGA #retirechuck
Pres Trumps policies are indentical to Obamas first term and you never cried then?  Chuck your a clown and a fake
not heartbreak, you have to be legal, it's the law. He had opportunity to get legal, must have been lazy.
Thyen Do ANYTHING MAN!!! Statements do nothing! Make a call to action like @SenSanders @SenWarren
@HomeVision2 Don't pretend you care. You attacked an 80 year old couple. Coulda got heart attacks. Embarrassment! Resign.
@HomeVision2 You have no clue about heartbreak. Real tragedy is our children & grandkids being raped & murdered.
Shouldn't have broken the law Senator. Why did your party encourage them to do so?
Those kids would have cried if their father had been sent to jail. He was an illegal criminal and we need to deport.
not if they're Americans
Tell them to become legal
Children should be given the option of staying or being deported with their parents.they can go into foster care or go w/parents
you are also at risk, so retire soon
Go attack another family enjoying a night out in the city. More proof of the Left Lunacy. You are loosing more Voters. Normalize
A wise man told me decades ago that what Dems accuse Reps of, the dems are guilty of. This past year or 2 has sure proven that
and did you mention the heartbreaker stories of the families in Brentwood long island
If they followed the law, wouldn't be an issue. What happened to the Marine who made a wrong turn into Mexico?
let the States do something
LOL you are a riot. So jealous, so envious, so disappointed in your own failures. Grow Up! You r so out of touch with reality!
His "policy" is codified by law
why so you keep spreading lies
Tell that to the families that have lost loved ones due to terrorism.
DONT BREAK THE LAW AND THEY WON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT GETTING DEPORTED
@packrat1201
where were you and the Dems when the mothers of Americans kids were murdered
why can't they follow our nations laws. That solves all the problems.
there family's can go back with them no need to separate them
For every one story u tell we could tell ten.
Send them some money Senator you & your buddies have plenty.. People are tired of hearing the whinning from u all @potus @vp
if they aren't here legally get the the f@#$ out. Don't care to hear their bullshit story.
Maybe u should start by reading the Laws on the books instead of supporting criminal illegals
chuck you want to hear my story of insurance premiums doubling. You make me sick! Your the poster child for term limits!
what about the heartbreaking storied of victims of illegal aliens. Do they not matter ?
why don't you cry
We are much more at risk bc of your allegiances and policies. Shut your face!
Obey the law
if u dems only cared as much about our Americans in Benghazi
cry me a river
please stand up for American citizens that were born here and are here legally.
we have veterans dying waiting for healthcare, and you spend all your time on noncitizens.
there are as many sad stories of families that have lost a loved One to illegal immigrants. Where's your compassion for them
@foxnews Hey a SNOWFLAKE Senator! w0w, showing your best work, eh
Bill O'Reilly nails it: "Chuck Schumer is dumb and stupid! His only job is to wreck the Trump administration". 
tick tick chucky
Are you crazy what about the struggling middle class ??? We're paying for it all !!! Stop blaming Trump !
the only one in danger is someone eating dinner in the same restaurant as you that didn't vote your way.  Don't Taz me bro
mean spirited, yet let's all ride the $$$$ cow on illegals 
What about the tax payers. When do the tax payers count.
why haven't you mentioned the heartbreaking stories of the families who have lost loved ones?  Silence as usual 
evil man with no soul #pray4DJT
Grow up, Schumer, there is only a few heartbreaks compared to many brutal killings, rape.
Fight/protect democratic ideals - freedom of religion, expression, ... Families are not a threat. U.S. is stronger than that.
Well then, open your home to them. Put up or shut up!
Will you do what you can to protect your fellow Americans?  These young citizens need your help
@seanhannity Mr Schumer should stop harassing people at restaurants. Why is this not reported on @CNNPolitics
You have more compassion for illegals than you do for their victims. You must be getting $$$ from this somehow. Only explanation
No they are at risk bc you know what's in place is crap. You need to work together with Reps To make better for all. Do your job
no all they had to do was follow the law , we all have to follow the law Schumer U 
it's the same! I broke the law and deserve to be punished. So do the illegal immigrants
so if I run a red light and kill someone, I shouldn't go to prison because it would tear my family apart! Is that your thoughts
Meanwhile the entire country is at risk because of your parties obstruction - that's sad also
Your heart already broke into pieces and your tears is drying after Trump was elected.
Did you dodge sniper fire with Clinton in Bosnia? Did she lie about that Senator? Remember you hate lies
Remember your candidate lied to grieving parents in front of their dead son's caskets - but Trump is bad Your a joke!
why don't you join them
Just a reminder, you supported a candidate who LIED about where her damned name came from!
so u care more about the lives of illegal immigrants than citizens???we can see which "voting" block u pander to
Did you hear any heartbreaking stories about families harmed by Obamacare or don't they matter
What you mean UNITED STATES LAW? @SenSchumer
Deportation is fare and it's about time, its legal according to statues within Federal laws.
Illigal DUI immigrants kill thousands with car crashes,States DMV issued licenses to Illegals,shame on you
In NY Lori Donohue & her daughter Kayla were killed by a DUI illegal immigrant
One Way Democrat are you. Interview some families who lost family
murder
people that have been robbed and have been raped
fu and them
your family is at risk of not being able to live on an ex senators salary when you don't get reelected!!!!
Not that heartbreaking
BS. You don't know the whole story, u are assuming because d majority of the  people don't agree with your irresponsible action.
It appears to me that your only mission in life is to derail your @POTUS. You are a credit to your shrinking party
up chuck.  Behave yourself when u go out to eat.  As I keep saying your an embarrassment. U just proved it again!!!   Clown
Illegal immigration is always a risk, perhaps you could streamline their citizenship
and many who were at risk without them.
Wasn't the 14 year old Rockville MD girl who was rape by illegal immigrants YOUR policy?
Pres Trump's policies of enforcing the laws that Congress passed? We really do need to talk with those pesky legislature people
Lots of people have sad stories to tell. What about the true citizens of this country. Get your priorities straight Chucky
HAHAHA, get the heck out of our country.  If you want to come here do it legally, END OF STORY!!
What about the American harmed by Criminal Illegal Aliens Chuck?   You never mention them...must not give a shit I guess
chubby back to the nursing home check the crime rate of illegal immigrants they can’t vote for u unless u help them cheat as in the past
As a pro constitutional & pro 2Amd supporter I just want 2 think Chucky 4 all he is doing 2 stimulate gun sales 
Exactly people feel like they need to protect themselves
The liberals are no longer afraid 2 Show their true agenda. Have a base of support addicted 2 subsidies. Sad
Be sure you also hear the stories of Ams' suffering at the hands of illegals, Sen. Schumer. Remember the ppl who elected you!

Anti-Muslim terrorism:  http://www.startribune.com/stabbing-suspect-attacks-man-on-street-tells-police-he-hates-muslims/417233393/# …
Not nearly as heartbreaking as the stories that came out of Boston, San Bernardino, Ohio State, etc...
or as heartbreaking as the 14 year old rape victim
we're a nation of laws. Remember that thingy, The Constitution?
The constitution and it's laws are not part of @SenSchumer or @NancyPelosi agenda of obstruction.
are they here legally? If not do you fucking job and turn them over to ice...
and his policies havent gotten through yet so you cant blame him.  man your childish
Did you see Paul Ryan saying he will not take repeal off the table Chuck. Ryan NEEDS to be fired. Trump NEEDS to be Impeached
deport them all. Charge your with treason. Liar 
Snowflakes at their finest...
because of your mouth people are crossing the barriers at the white house.  what if something awful happend? on you!!! shut up!
No that's on tRump and his ugly policies. Do you have kids/grandkids? Will they be able to breathe the air soon? Hmm
And you continue to ignore the American citizens lived at risk
did we get those famous tears of yours?
stop protecting illegals Schumer. You will be investigated on ties to NYC corruption, resign before its too late. #resignschumer
Did you speak to Kate Steinle's father yet? Or visit the 2 year old toddler that was raped by a criminal illegal alien?
where did the middle class go because of Obama's policies. Where were you then. Oh making your million a year (u n wife) dreams
Schumer you worry about everyone else except American citizens !
Pass Avonte's Law
care to comment on your little outburst at the NYC restaurant last night? CRASS! SAD!! #MAGA
you need to shut him down until the FBI investigation is over
no! He was elected President! Shut down the govt?!
Kids in my area stayed home by the droves recently. 47 kids missed school due to fear. #Gerber
they shouldn't have to live like that.. they should go back and come in legally.
