Why can't the DEMS come up with a better plan to fix Ocare? ALL you all are doing is OBSTRUCTING. QUIT BLAMING @POTUS FOR Y'ALLS CRAP. #MAGA
The dems need to come up with a better plan? How about republicans had 7 years to make a better plan and this is what they came up with
The LEFT are masters at PROJECTION DEFLECTION DOUBLE STANDARDS PERCEPTION VS REALITY & THE BIGGEST HYPOCRITES. BUT WAIT.. IT'S @POTUS FAULT.
And honestly it works like that on both sides. So if you went from D to R because of that you'll come out the same
Think about that for a second.. Why is the left so against @POTUS and his American way of life? Seriously think about all the obstructing...
You act as if this is a. A new thing and b. Exclusively involves the D. Both sides are as guilty. But I'm no fan of trump as president
@CNN & MSM cut him dowm all the time. But yet DJT still comes out smelling like a rose. Just give the guy some credit and a chance.....
I guess we are looking at 2 different worlds. It easy to leave your fortune behind for a cpl of years if you HAVE that fortune.
Do you work for American people? Who pays your salary?
Iran unveils countdown clock to Israel’s destruction, “Muslim world’s top priority” https://www.jihadwatch.org/2017/06/iran-unveils-countdown-clock-to-israels-destruction-muslim-worlds-top-priority … #EidMubarak
FAKE HATE: Muslim Arrested for Torching her own Mosque in Iowa http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/06/fake-hate-muslima-arrested-torching-mosque-iowa/ … #EidMubarak
Police foil jihad suicide bombing at Alexandria church https://www.jihadwatch.org/2017/06/egypt-police-foil-jihad-suicide-bombing-at-alexandria-church … #EidMubarak
Ramadan finale in Indonesia: Muslims screaming “Allahu akbar” stab police officer to death https://www.jihadwatch.org/2017/06/ramadan-finale-in-indonesia-muslims-screaming-allahu-akbar-stab-police-officer-to-death … #EidMubarak
We r too busy celebrating yet ANOTHER win for Trump with Supreme Court ruling travel ban is constitutional.  Guess u hate the constitution?!
Travel ban reinstated!!

Liberals are now devastated that they might be protected from terrorism.
yes Mr kiss ass, wherever there is money you follow.
Chuck just lost the Jewish vote.
ok. I'll leave it at that. What you wrote. Let it roll around in your head. All of your heads for the next 8 years. As we watch Europe burn.
Very.
within disagreement is agreement. finding common ground. mark MY words, there is common ground. The Constitution and the Glden Rule is start
Islam is destroying Sweden. There are now 61 "no go zones" where police cannot enforce the law. Country on the verge of civil war. #Islam
Yeah. That's an absolute lie. Sweet tweet tho.
There you go little Winston read up
You provided no link. Nothing. Your tweet was as empty as your life.
There you go little guy for the second time. You have to click it then open it. I know that may be hard for you
Click what ged???

Only Jesus can save you.
note to Self :
accept Jesus but...
REJECT his followers !
Eid Mubarak to you as well :)
Do you think anyone believes you are sincere? How can you live with yourself.
Really Chuckles
please resign now
You'r a PUTZ! Try being an American for a change. Remember U.S.? The people that pay your salary.
it should be a blast!
I thought Mubarak was the guy the arabs assassinated?
Fu old geezerd
Oh that's good Schumer. . . celebrate blessings of the most violent religion on Earth today.  You should be ashamed.  You are a traitor.
Oh I forgot you are the obstructionist. You have no plan to help Americans just yourself.
@SenSchumer Try doing something constructive. You  are a waste of taxpayers hard earned $$ Work with the GOP to come up with a good plan.
What, begging for votes Chuck..
Keep kissing their asses, chuck.
Thank You Chuck
Time for you to retire.  You've outlived your usefulness, gone past your level of competence.
This is why you will never win
And last, Trump's abuse of power.  He's a bully and a not so good liar..Follow the money, there's something there...
Tell how many people will die because of Trumpcare...GOP - Greed Over People...
Tell them how many people have died in the Democratic stronghold of Chicago over the last few years.
Let people know you want better wages for them, not CEO's.  Tell how many jobs will be lost with healthcare changes.
Chuck, take the noise away from Trump. Fight him on jobs.  All his deals have failed..Fight him on climate & healthcare.
You must be doing something right, @SenSchumer because the trump trolls are out in force-means they see u as a threatkeep it up,I vote 4 u!
You're not changing my mind with that rhetoric, only reinforcing my point.
Block Bobcat. Troll/Bot whatever, waste of time. May God be with him and his family if this bill passes.
As a Christian Catholic, there is NO recognition for a political system of laws under the cover of Religion. 300 Million in the U.S. do NOT.
Chuck, Islam is a CULT conducting a 1400 Year-Old-War on Freedom.  Thomas Jefferson figured that out.
Yeah aswel as he made his own version of Christianity. He wanted separation of church and state. So he saw it in all religions I suppose
Jefferson used fed money to buy Bibles for native americans. He didn't create his own version of Christianity.
Uhm yes he did. He saw Jesus as a moral leader. Without any miracles and stuff... that is kinda making it your own thing.
That's incorrect. A common myth. It derives from the alleged deist "Jefferson Bible". However, this ignores that this was a book he compiled
Forgot about that and get to work on the health care bill
Happy Eid to all my Muslim friends
Crying Chuck, put your glasses back on.
I, as Most AMERICA, are Very Tired of Paying Penalties for NOT HAVING OBAMA Insurance that Doctors already REFUSE!!!
Pandering
lilith was accepted with child its written in stone my friend,it changed how we measure time,.....
You have less than 2% Blessings on this Tweet ... AMERICA needs your Cooperation and TRUE BLESSING for TAX REFORM and TRUE HEALTH CARE ...
beyond legal issues because the story I got from the art meditation has to do specifically as refugees the first laws and
meaning both art display on one side and extracted practical applications on the other, im sure it would put your offices far
thanks for applying your wisdom Mr. Schumer, maybe someday you might have a need for an art show...with knowledge excavated
Yeah, that'll stop the extremism.
There u go again chuckie PANDERING the muslims again I'll give u r consistent in the groups u r pandering Never miss a muslim holiday
WHY!?  Are U tlkg to Joe Manchin! Hez a fake Dem! He votes wth gop a 100% a luvs trmp! WHATS WRONG WITH YOU!  He'll jst  tell gop! He trator
Read the Koran Chuckie. So ignorant and so politicized. Sad
Your so in tune, with what's going on in the world, maybe u should try that with doing your job here at home...
Hey chuckled why dont u kiss the Muslims ass While they scream death to jews?
#EidMubarak
What is it? Congrats, this is mean, congrats, mean, congrats, mean! You have 0 message. Well.. 1... obstruction! Dick!
way to win the healthcare issue is to concentrate on fact. This is a tax relief bill for 1% #trumpcast.com
Why do I think you'd prefer the Palestinians over your own????
Instead of mindless tweets that mean nothing why don't you offer your apologies for lying about #Russia
What an embarASSment!
Mr Shermer,  Thank you for valuing all people who live in your state. .
Blessings to all except Muslims that persecute Christians everyday across the world and commit atrocities
Delete your twitter
God bless the USA
All things muslim once again. NY should elect an American as a Senator.
I see there was no tweet on #CorpusChristi last Sunday...

