Impeach Chucky for God sake. Not good for the country.

Single payer now
#Charliegard #socialismsucks
No
Who cares bill is gone, dems owns Obamacare, let it fail.
CuckSchumer has to be one of the most hateful guy in DC. I watch him on tv with no solutions but lots of hate coming out of that fat mouth.
Looking to indoctrinate the next generation, Chuck?
hard work. That's their job to work and fight for American citizens.

#photoop #Sad
Youre entire  life is spent tha king lobbyists Schmucky....you really are some piece of work..aint ya....
Shame on you.  You hypocrite using children.
Now, GET to work on Medicare for All. Do your job and help the people get the access to insurance they deserve as human beings. #DoYourJob
Good to see you with the kiddos, Chuck! Looking good!
You party is doomed too many liberals and neo communists.  You're to BLAMED
Just like NAZI Germany....BRAINWASHING , AND USINGTHE YOUTH !
This is how dumbing down of our children starts. Pervert chuckle
Chuckie.............Please Retire.
fake chow... #maga
"We will let Obamacare fail, and then the Democrats are going to come to us." Policy or spite on the right?

Schumer, why don't you quit working against our #POTUS and try to help the country instead of trying to gain more power for Democrats!
If Obamacare is so good then why are you not enrolled in it? The truth is that it's horrible . Dems passed it but not good enough for them.
@NancyPelosi @timkaine @RonWyden Pls make sure to have prog dems in new dem coalition. We need to keep dems unified. Bern won my southern co
Listen America: HRC won by popular vote by almost 3 million. 70% of nation disapprove dt. Since when do we let small minority control U.S.?
Who let count chocula that close to their kids!
@jeandunn52 @LittleLobbyists YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!! 
Your the best!!
Chuck is spewing more lies to obstruct our President.  Chuck you and Pelosi are disgusting liars
Shameless!  But just what I'd expect from a professional politician who's never had a real job.
THANK GOD for lobbying groups like this out there fighting the good fight  Glad to know that Washington isn't all bad. #savemedicaid
Cryin' Chuck
Don'the u feel badly @ using these kids for yr personal political goals, Of course u don't, yr Schumer, King Swamp Rat of political slime!
Chuck, bogey at zero by zero - what the hell is with this normalizing? Those kids - do you really care? Talk to us here in real land?
@POTUS @JEFFSESSIONS @4US_WORKERS @STEPHENMILLERAL @SteveKBannon SHOCKED! I ONLY THOUGHT YOU SPENT TIME WITH BIG LOBBYISTS ..
Watch yourselves, little lobbyists, Chuck will be stealing from you in few years..... worse yet ... maybe even trying to steal you !!
Pandering HYPOCRITE why didn't u do the same when ur beloved obama care was shoved down american throats u don't give a hoot about Americans
So u want to take America down.  You fight American values, these are fascist values.
Your afraid that a change in health insurance will stop lining your pockets.
Hey Chuckles - do you have to wear those dipshit looking glasses when you're meeting a 2 year old?
The Joe Biden school of child molestation?
protect your ass is what is about, u do not want 2 b exposed as a did nothing, do nothing shit stirring politician with no plan of their own
Who among congress thought it was a good use of tax $ and a plus 2 the military 2 have soldiers undergoing sex reassignment?  Not 4 taxpayer
Appalled to learn that congress has straddled taxpayers w/sex reassignment in the military?  Is this a HC issues or defense?  Indefensible!
#IfYouCanSpareTheTime
#ItWontCostYouADime
#StudyThe1Sentence13Amendment
then #HelpMe
#TeachCongress
#WhatYouWantToDoIsBanned 
@CR
While they distract you with the ACA repeal, Pres Bannon is destroying our country, voting rights, etc.!  Pay some attention to it already!
So disgraceful how Democrats use children. Sick!
Keep it going Chuck. We are with you. The spmbots will be ignored.
Did you make them donate to your cause. Break open their little piggy banks. Chuck you're sad
Love the support for our kids
Can't give up the photo ops can you?
and you previous tweet, you complained about not knowing what was going on with the healthcare bill??¿????
You are wasting your time you will be dead before they can vote for you

Muslims and children...all he cares about....need an investigation.
I just wonder what youve done n ur life besides attend Ivy League college & holding elected ofc that makes u relatable 2 any normal American
Chucky you know no limits to how low you would go. Did you see what people think about you Dems in the @washingtonpost, #shameonyou
BACA is bad for everyone - moms, kids, elders, people with disabilities, anyone trying to purchase affordable comprehensive health insurance
I'm sure you have read all through it or maybe you're just quoting Dems
Anyone who knows anything about health policy or health economics knows how bad this bill is. - Dem opinion not necessary -
I'm sorry have you read it? Nope you're just listening to the Dems
#hope #futureleaders

Yeah. Lobbyists. Even the Russian ones.

 @SenSchumer lining the pockets
I know you're more thankful for the HC lobbyists that fill your pockets
SCHUMER IS JUST RUNNING HIS GAME OF LIES AND HATE.  TRYING TO MANIPULATE HIS FOOLS !
So you can work with children on healthcare because it doesn't require you to cross the aisle? Chuck is a real winner.
