Take care of everyone but our own! Unbelievable!!!  It's so corrupt and needs shutdown...it's killing the American People to have anything!
Russian bot shut  up
You think the accts with numbers are actual? 
Duh, no
Congress created this problem by refusing to secure the border, Obama made it worse. Trump has given you 6 mos to fix it. Are you up to it ?
#DACA are Americans
Shut up bot
Congrats on eating steak with a snake and getting bitten last night
I almost hate going to bed feeling maybe 45 is going to do the right thing by DACA, then waking up to his bullshit.  Hate him!
BOT
Entire purpose of the minority is to become the majority. Not help gov party skate on by let alone work w ESP after what they did to Obama.
BOOHOO!! YOU ARE AN IDIOTIC #DelusionalLoonyLiberal 
#EndDACANow
#SendALLIllegalsHome
#NeverDemsAgain
##ByeByeDemocRATS
#LiberalsAreSick
Planned Parenthood doesn't give babies a chance to dream. Where is the Dems outrage for those children?
So, u prefer to kill the mothers?
Those babies are no different than the DACA babies they didn't have a choice either did they.
Can i be a dreamer in another country and vote too?





Rumpy said you were wrong and he does want his wall in the Act. #DACA yes #NoWall
DACAs are illegal and illegals can go to the end of the line to any legal actions pending! Dems will lose as long as you put illegals 1st
Millions and millions of Americans want single payer healthcare - there is no reason to wait
NO, WE DON'T!! WE DON'T WANT THE CORRUPT, UPSIDE GOV'T IN CHARGE OF OUR HEALTHCATE!! OBUMMER CARE SUCKS!! GO BACK TO PRE-OBUMMET CARE NOW.
All caps
Crumble away illegal dreamer. Crumble away!  Get here legal or get out!
If we let dreamers slide what other laws are next? Will Chuck&Nancy thing murders should be let go if they had a hard childhood. Enforce law
We need to just get all illegals out including daca too. To be fair regardless how they got here they are here ILLEGALLY. Its the law!!!
Filipino families wait 25-30 years after approved immigration for their visas, and #DACA recipients will only wait 13 years? #unfair #unjust
American kids have Dreams too.
#DACA are Americans
Protect illegals ? You were elected to protect citizens , Healthcare is a disaster, property taxes are too high ,wth !! do your work a**...
Russian bot
You wish all these Patriots were bots.
Wake up.
#woke
These #prodeath "#Catholics" think they're more Catholic than their Pope who opposes #DACA repeal and respects science of climate change



If I, making $14hr & mate $14hr can understand reason for top 1% having a tax cut(no dedutions) & UR party cant, how can U offer BETTERDEAL?
For 60 years DEMACRATS has been lying to voters. Now that they are the party of RICH CONTROLLING MORE GOVERNMENT ELITES!
Don't be gamed on this issue!  The DEMACRATS WANT A VOTING BLOCK FROM THE DREAMERS AND FAMILY!
Legal Immigration is the RIGHT and ONLY WAY to citizenship!!
Then let's create a path for that they've been here since they were children, most know nothing but America as their home. #DACA #BIPARTISAN
Send them back to their parents we tax payers have our own to look after
You'll take care of illegal before you take care of the USA  people's, what is f..king   wrong with your head? tax cuts -repeal/replace 
Bot
Thanks,  more reasons to follow @Dawn72641705 !
#AMERICAFirst
#MAGA

Amen, Senator Chuck Schumer; there is no reason to wait. We pray now in the Name of Jesus for those in Congress who need a heart transplant.
deport them
The #DreamAct is a MUST pass legislation that is in the interest of the U.S! United under ONE America, under ONE dream!
#EndDACANow
#AmericanCitizensFirst & Our Kids Come FIRST
#SendAllIllegalAliensHome
#IllegalAliensAreNotAmericans
#StopPoliticalCorrectnessBS
All of these so called children you talk about is a lie,they are grown ups..so stop lying,we may 1 day believe you...
They were brought here as children. They are Americans
No, they came here illegally.They are NOT Citizens.
Many don't even speak Spanish fluently. They grew up here.
They gave their info, IDs and money to #ICE with the deal they wouldn't be hurt.
You're out of your mind if you think you can work on immigration with the ultimate narcissist/racist @realDonaldTrump. #25thThe45th
That hurts  The proof is in the Trump Pudding you eat!
Deport the felon dreamers immediately. Those 600k-700k in prison
Protect? You Democrat's could have helped them & all ilegals when you controlled Congress and had the votes to pass immigration reform
welcome to the America you and your family turned it into
Manu citizens  dreams are crumbling  down,you received  enough. SAY THANK you and take your parents  home not here .
Russian bot
Lol. 
Anyone who disagrees is a Russian bot?
#AMERICAFirst
#DACA bring billions to the economy. 
They are good.
Shut up bot
Mr Schumer do your job. Congress needs to step up to the plate.
What about American children that now have NO free speech and are called Nazi because of YOUR rhetoric?

Agreed - how about passing comprehensive immigration reform to help them and handle our immigration issues so we can move forward?
Yet No Action For Our Own! Sad!
#EndDACA
Wall for work visas for DACA without criminal record, DACA only, not their family's, they need 2 wait in line in the meantime 2 become legal
I agree children are innocent. When American parents break the law their children should fall under DACA too. Nobody goes to jail
Your statement was a LIE!
#nodaca #noamnesty #novoterrights  #deportillegals 
We want #termlimits #repealaca #hillaryforprison #dwsforprison
You and your girl Pelosi should reimburse the tax payer for the dreamers, it's important after all! You're foolish and reckless with money!!
Hey I think @realDonaldTrump tapped your microphone? Private conversations of you talking about @POTUS are all over @Twitter
Where. Would love to read them
Sir, whatever deal you put together with Mr. Trump, please include the Adoptee Citizenship Act of 2016. Those are the original DREAMERS!!
Waiting 7 years to act to protect illegal immigrants and using "innocent children" yet again to benefit who? @realDonaldTrump
Funny that you & your pals don't have any outrage for the Americans out of work or thousands on drugs. You only care for illegals!
Build the Wall Sir!
How @chuckschumer really feels about #DACA #BuildTheWall #MAGA
Excuse me, CHUCKY...WTF are you doing calling the President BRAINLESS? You people (meaning Leftist ASSHATS) have absolutely no decency SHAME
President Trump is right. DACA is unconstitutional.Only path to citizenship is via the legal way!
There's 800,000 future votes out there 4 you Demarats + U want to let them bring over anyone related to them. Tell the truth.
Hey Chucky. R U in favor of deporting he 600,000 illegal Aliens in our Prisons? No, they will be able 2 Vote Someday
#ProtectAmericans !!!
Let ALL Illegal go back to country of origin and do the paper work and THEN you are welcome to Live in my country and have a life in USA
Single payer means US Tax payers covers cost for ALL illegal person's on US soil for LIFE. NOT a smart move AS a US Citizen paying TAXES
Can you for a second be honest and have some integrity? If it wasn't for thie illegal vote, you probably wouldn't care.

Dinner at the White House? How did that go? Loved the hot mic today. Trump's base just keeps growing
What about the dreams of us who already live here. They are taking that away from us. You just want voters.
Obama had NO LEGAL right to give them green cards.  You will be in the unemployment line
Agreed no reason to wait, start deportations just as soon as their status expires. Not all Americans support illegal behavior Senator.
This is what Sec J Kelly said about DAPA - its dehumanizing 

 http://www.cnn.com/2017/06/16/politics/dhs-scraps-dapa-keeps-daca-deferred-action/index.html …
Pretty fucking shitty when a US Senator cares more about illegal aliens than he does American citizens.
#ProtectAmericanDreamers 
You #Schemer
800,000 are BREAKING THE LAW!!
So what, many legal Americans have suffered the same fate, why should these people be more special then us.
Chuckie loves child trafficking, cartels and drugs being smuggled in thru our open borders. That's why he doesn't want a wall...
Why didn't Bill Clinton take on this issue?
You have lost all negotiation plays by lying about your pseudo agreement. Find the wall as infrastructure like ike did.
there are plenty of reason to wait.We the voters want you to stop spreading lies about the dreamers and manesty
You and Nancy are being played by the Orange Blob make sure DACA is done before anything is done on border fence/wall.
I dream about Schumer not being re-elected because he cares only about these illegal dreamers.
Dreamers are the only thing this idiot cares about, not Israel, not Americans, just Obama dreamers, drain the swamp.
Pass comprehensive immigration reform! Don't waste 6 months passing a piecemeal DACA!
Finally, you admit it's up to Congress....took you long enough to understand the Constitution.

Mexico has very strict immigration law. They must be racist 

"Racism is as American" as Mexico

…
How many adults came with the Dreamers that we are supporting with benefits
No one knows better than you the snake you're dealing with. Do not let Twitless sell you a bill of goods.
No Wall.  No Wall for #Trump. No matter what.
What's wrong with any of the Dreamers 18 years and older go back and become legal?    My relative did and he is happy he became legal.
-Chuck,how many R members of MS-13?How many R members of GANGS?How many hold stolen SS CARDS?How many hold stolen identification?Get answers
Do not do deals with a criminal amoral "president."
@NancyPelosi again, THANK YOU, for being the stars and helping our @POTUS in Making America Great Again!
Many #H4DREAMERS wait anxiously to be included in DREAM act. Its cruel to exclude them.
Read the letter from this #H4Dreamer. He is #heretostay & wants to work @NASA. How would you help him @nancypelosi @senschumer? #dreamact 
Many in DACA are in their mid-20s.  Why haven’t they applied for citizenship?  Oh, that’s right…end of free programs paid by taxpayers.
No wall under any circumstances! Not necessary, need $$ for more important things and Mexico is not our enemy.
No wall, NO DACA!!
PROFESSIONAL LIAR AKA CHUCK SCHUMER
Yeah and you and the Democratic party are responsible for letting them in. Of course we can't forget that retard Obama.
And so do their parents, grandparents, aunts, uncles, brothers, sisters, cousins, nieces, nephews, fiancées, fiancé, in-laws
Chuckie when will you work for average Americans instead of feeling sorry for these illegal DACA turds?
Chuck I tried to finish my college but can't get any help, yet I see illegals aliens getting it free! My dreams crushed!!
Sorry Chuck my dreams have been crushed by these illegal aliens taking are jobs.
u had 16 yrs to fix it
Okay chuckle POTUS put the responsibility for DACA where it belongs. Your Obama broke the law and you know it. Speak up about this loser.
Get to work to pass a bill on immigration reform, your job not a lawless @BarackObama to have done it via and EO, DO YOUR JOB! @SenateDems
#SaveDACA
Why cant they continue their dreams in their own country? If conditions are so bad in Mexico, work on that. Its their gov. respnbt. not ours
No there is not. Send them back and refund my money
There are plenty of US children suffering from decissions made by their parents. Why so much concern over lawbreakers? @POTUS #🛇DACA
Trump is already tweeting there was no DEAL. He is screwing with people's lives. IMPEACH
Thank you. Bless you @SenSchumer for not caving in to wall funding.
Thank you for fighting to protect DACA and Dreamers. Please Continue fighting and do not give up or give in. #DefendDACA
#BUILDTHEWALL first and then we can talk about these DACA ppl #MAGA
Start the process to be legal.#2ndgeneration
A 10 million great American's anxiously await for Congress to work together for the entire country. U r right! No reason to wait!!!
GREAT JOB SCHUMER!!! Loved that honest speech! https://www.facebook.com/senschumer/videos/10155828841299407/ …
Has to be a package deal - border security is key!  Problem is not 700,000 people who are here. It's 70 million more who might sneak in.
With all due respect, Mr. Schumer, please be careful when dealing with Mr. Trump.  He has a record of turning on those he deals with.
PLEASE DO NOT FORGET the TPS folks! We need your support too! Thanks senator #ProtectTPS
What part of ILLEGAL do U not get? They've had plenty of time to become citizens. No more supporting them. American citizens first!
They need to come in the right way. Until then, they are here illegally
Build the Wall
Deport illegals
This is cruel. Keeping people on needles and pins is bull
Looks like they don't have to wait anymore….    #IsntLifeWonderful          @PC1170   @toddschnitt
We need a wall or another million will snake across the border!
great so make it happen Harvey leg got done this is next on list for sake of country lets get it done and signed &no wall
Why didn't you guys get it done prior to BHO exec order?  Business as usual....  Corruption.
WRITE IMMIGRATION LEGISLATION! Do a budget. DO YOUR JOB! Americans are tired of the lame congress sitting on their hands doing nothing.
And they can thank 44 for getting their hopes up. #AmericansFirst
You are trash. Find the wall Asshole.
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled don't care American families they care themselves

remember it was Obama's DACA that never allowed for them to become citizens. leave it to Trump to fix Obama's mistake.
This is rare, but I agree with Schumer. Republican congress is worthless.
Absolutely, there is no reason to wait, start deporting them TODAY. ILLEGAL IS ILLEGAL, most have committed crimes, actually all have.
Please stop telling what he agreed on if it's not in writing your given people false hope.
We'll vote 4 Dreamers when they pass Americanization test & become legal!We'll allow them 2 vote when we can vote 4 Mexicos President too!
Keep tweeting so we all know what a losses you are
Tactfully release info knowing he's got to save face and not enflame and empower the base/Bannon. He needs to b accepted, b the man, shmooze
Stop lying about things that didn't happen... the wall is not out.
This 800,000 less then 10% are children. STOP YOUR ABSOLUTE LIES.
What about comprehensive immigration reform as well? Can’t we just get this all done at once?
This is American. It will be about the American citizens and Our children. PERIOD.
#MedicareForAll

#BuildTheWall then make #DACA DEAL
Chuck's numbers off by 200,00!  Public see taking the desperate but want law breakers to go back to their own countries they abandoned.
Should have been using that time American tax payers were supporting them to work on becoming a CITIZEN... ByeBye Daca... I have a dream too
My dream is that citizens supporting so many illegals & anchor babies come 1st instead of last behind illegals they are forced to support.
Maybe you can pick and choose, throw the rest out. You have ruined American lives that pay their fair share. Illegals crossing are surging.
Millions of Americans are dreamers that get screwed by you everyday. FU Schumer.
Schumer, go live in an area with the highest number of illegals, then talk. I think you'll sound like this 
@Heretic_Soul this!
Pass a clean #DreamAct, Chuck! Anything else is rewarding Trump for hostage taking!
BULL SHIT!!
You don't care about Dreamers, you are using them for votes. Get your way and that group is cast aside until elections
I hope that @realDonaldTrump  @POTUS is sincerely working W/Democrats to pass bipartisan legislation benefiting all Americans If so, props
What about the dreams of AMERICANS? Or do you even give a shit about them? You just need more voters to become dependent on govt
Senator, please do not cede fight to protect blue slip process 4 judicial appts. Please do whatever is necessary to block McConnell on this!
This needs to stop. When people come here legally it cost them a lot of money. They need to pay like everyone else. Chain  migration too.
Do not bargain with this fake President.
