@realdonaldtrump This is what you're proud of? The only real answer is #MedicareForAll
Healthcare is a human right. Do the right thing. ~ MA
Sorry, no. Healthcare is not a 'right'. Bt if left 2 free enterprise/competition -w/out gov interference &regs-it would be more afordable.
Why isn't it a right?
You have the right to take care of yourself any way you see fit; you don't have the right to
Really @govtrack? Vox is a hard Left "news" outlet. I can't get non-bias anywhere!
Is there anything in this article that you think is inaccurate, or you just don't like Vox?
1. The ironically titled Affordable Care Act undermines itself
2. Vox is the most racially charged "news" outlet I have ever seen
Actually I take that back, Vox is second to http://Salon.com  when it comes to racially charged propaganda
So the article is accurate then?
The headline tells the reader Trump is undermining ACA. Not accurate since ACA is a broken system.
Do you ever link articles from FoxNews or Right leaning news sources?
Are you saying it would be ok for us to tweet biased articles so long as we cover all the bias bases?
he is brilliant! lol now you will have to work to get things done..
Thank u Mr. Trump for trying to help small businesses! Dem's have failed us.
Trump is a Russian people.
one day the Republicans will succeed in taking away our health insurance. #destroyGOP  #votedems #makeamericablueagain #ImpeachTrumpNow
Dems already did that, with aca.
Get rid of Obamacare!!!!
Unless we can make the Democratic Party a majority party in every midterm elections, and gradually let the Republican marginalization,
Short Term Medical insurance has been around since 1996!! and now all of the sudden its going to cause chaos in the market place?? stop fear mongering!
Schumer was saying it would cause chaos & if you read the entire article it also said it would be bad. My point is STM has been around forever & it’s only been 5 months since the 90 day law went in effect so its insignificant. Also the assoc market concept is not new either
The association market already exists for Excepted Benefit plans do it won’t be a big leap to the major medical market.
Ok whatever. I work in insurance specifically with ACA, STM and assoc plans. I file the plans with the state ins depts so I know what I’m talking about. I actually read the ACA regs. Did u?
For Trump it's NOT about being good leader it's all about HOW MANY GOOD THINGS OBAMA DID CAN I DESTROY?
unfortunately, and sadly,I believe you are correct.
How many executive orders has Trump signed? @BuzzFlash
Way more than Obama issued in his enitre 1st term, despite thr GOP decrying EOs as being 'extra-Constitutional', 'tyrannical', etc.
Does it occur 2 anyone that if gov were capable of handling healthcare, it wouldn't need taxpayer subsidies? Needs private enterprise 2 run.
But Obama's name ISN'T on it! 'Obamacare' is what the GOP started calling it in derision. Obama said he didn't care, so long as ACA existed.
Good job Mr. Trump.  Keep fighting for small business owners getting screwed under ACA!
Even if you can not kill the Obama health insurance to let the poor have a lot of benefits of the bill becomes disabled #votedems #impeach45
He's trying so hard to undermine all of Obama's work that he will cause so many people to just die with no healthcare! he's pure evil
Gotta be a lefty spin from this or chuckie wouldn't have it here.  The payouts were unConstitutional period !
http://Vox.com  
Apparently following the law as written = "undermine" to @vox
Trump’s executive order to undermine Obamacare, explained https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/10/12/16458184/trump-obamacare-executive-order-association-health-plans-short-term-insurance?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=chorus&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter …
So all the things that make health insurance unaffordable can be removed to make it affordable? Sounds great where do I sign up?
Undermine? Sounds go to me. Mutiny on the Ocare. Let's make this a Weinstein production. Ummm ... ya
What a monster!!!!
@realDonaldTrump knows the #25amendment is coming and hates the American people for not liking him so is planning on killing as many as can
If you rich why do you need insurance in the first place. My Insurance before Obama had a 2 million cap. thats chicken feed to the fat cats.
OBAMACARE!   WAS A GOOD THING FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE IT WAS TO KEEP PEOPLE ALIVE, TRUMP'S EXECUTIVE ORDER IS TO MAKE SURE PEOPLE WILL DIE!

@SenSchumer & @NancyPelosi  My MAGA MAN @POTUS  will give us back the freedom you two and Obama stole from The American People
It's called Repeal.  Trump gave you a chance to deal, and you blew it.
How is undermining health care making any voters happy? What is wrong with Americans? Don't they know they can get sick?
The best quid quo pro will be for @realDonaldTrump to have to live w/I the terms he creates for those negatively impacted the most
I want the exact same healthcare Congress has
Medicare is a fake joke on the American seniors. You pay for it all your working life and still pay out the ass. Its a joke
#TwentyFifthAmendment is trending, keep it going!!
#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #FakePresident #TrumpRussiaCollusion
So it will be called Trumpcare, right?
He wants us all dead only the rich survive
@GOP @SpeakerRyan What about the least among us? It’s time to put people first.
Ryan & GOP are perversely-aroused that many without health insurance & healthcare will not survive to collect Social Security & Medicare.
Their heartlessness is both sickening and stunning
For the Trump supporters, when explained in small words, it seems fairly harmless and helpful. In theory it might be. Problem is, for those who can think a little deeper, this order is heading in the wrong direction and the effects can be alarming. Especially to Trump supporters.
@SenSchumer criminal
Obamacare, the liberals failed attempt at socialized medicine. Trumps order allows competition and pooling small companies for better rates.
Obamacare was a con, it failed miserably. Trumps order allow cross state line purchasing and pooling small companies to get better rates.
So what else is new. Everything that Obama accomplish this jerk off eliminated.  Stop him before its to late. We're all doomed.
P
Traitor Obama already used a wreaking ball to our healthcare system!! Oh you wouldn't know! Congress was exempt! You will reap what is sown

I'll explain it: FREEDOM FROM SUFFOCATING GOVT CONTROL

Obamacare is garbage. It's not cheap and it covers nothing. This will allow for cheap premium insurance. Grow up you babies.
OBAMACARE did not need to be undermined it was dead on arrival
What a shameful act!  Is this what winning looks like?  Smh!
Only the left would think giving options to individuals and lowering their costs "undermines". Proof Obamacare is about govt control- NOT HC
If you're rich don't have to worry about insurance if your not you're screwed. That's the #trump EO explained in a nutshell #Resist #Impeach
We're concerned abt ppl w #HIV, our safety nets & risk of new HIV infections @HIVMA http://www.hivma.org/President_Trump_u2019s_Executive_Order_on_Health_Insurance.aspx …
.@SenSchumer -BE CAREFUL not to BLAST everything! How does this EO differ from Rep Blackburn's ideas to fix ACA? Feedback specific concerns!
Obama misappropriated funds from Fannie Mae and Freddie to shore up FAILED Obamacare!Citizens have become enslaved into paying high premiums
So excited he signed this since Dems did NOTHING for all small businesses that have suffering under crushing premium increases last 3 yrs!
Destroying our country on a daily basis, and apparently not a thing anyone can do to stop him.
We don't just wsnt it undermined.  We want it gone. Same with you Chucky

Obamacare 
Obama cares 
Trump doesn't
ROFL. Obamacare is govt control. Because its so bad to give people options, and lower their costs?? That's caring. NOT CONTROLLING
#25thAmmendment
@realDonaldTrump 
#25thAmmendment
@realDonaldTrump
#25thAmmendmentNow
@realDonaldTrump
#25thAmmendment
@realDonaldTrump
Hey dearie, repost and spell amendment correctly and I will happily retweet!
So, immature, insecure, petty tiny-handed man can't stand idea ACA was called "Obamacare" because he hates all non-white people, especially one named Barack so he has to destroy healthcare for 300 million citizens of U.S.? Got it. That's a deranged man. #25thAmendmentNow
Trump wouldn’t have to sign an executive order if the people we pay would do their jobs for Americans!
gullible left believes VOX...lol
The explanation is Trump hates Obama and wants to kill anything with his name attached. If people are collateral damage - Meh. *45 = PSYCHO
Psycho Prez finds new ways to hurt the middle class and poor every day.
Sooo- I anticipate massive litigation against the overreach that SCOTUS also found in Obama EOs... Or will Gorsuch help squash that
We WILL squash it. Its not over reach to suspend an over reach moron.

Do not let Trump win his #WarOnHealthcare #TrumpsWarOnHealthcare
Chaos in the markets has cost me my insurance 2 yrs in a row! Only 1 insurer offering ind plans in 2018 due to @POTUS threats & sabotage.
Which one sounds best..DICTATOR ...or TYRANT.
I am starting to think the Russians are supporting U to divide our Great Country. Please   Get off the bench &become a team player or resign
Rand Paul knows more about healthcare than you do, glad to hear President Trump is making progress in getting the broken heath care fixed!
Because he hates the middle class and poor and wants to ensure our bankruptcy one way or another
Well Obama care is such a winner!! But you wouldn't know right all you nuts have your own coverage!
No, they are trying to protect his legacy of this disastrous healthcare instead of caring about the people. Dems caused this nightmare!
No you weren't. Atheist usually follow the Dems! News flash! None of the career politicians care. Obama didn't either!
@POTUS should sign one to nullify all his executive orders retroactively.
Trumpcare: cheap insurance that won't cover you when you get sick or hurt. Won't cover preventative measures to keep you well. But saves $!
I can explain Trumps E O,  were screwed.
Doesn't take a high I Q to figure that out ,after all it did come from Trump.
Imagine hating one man so much, you punish your entire country just to piss on his legacy. That's how senile old white guys roll.
he's so mad fake' he can look like anything all he wants; but we know it doesn't mean a thing its just show? 2020' vote for real change. 99%
Is there anything you can do to get tid of this callous buffoon? Anything?
But you were still in support of the ACA even though most can't afford the cost. Time to get rid of that tragedy!
Nice headline. The faster that disaster of Obamacare is undermined the better.
Vox is a joke.
Sarah, I was just speaking to my congressman‘s office and his federal employees told me they were required to enroll in ACA for their insurance, is that accurate?
Thank you!
wait til your base can no longer afford to buy insurance.wonder what they're going to think of that.Think they will try to reelect you then?
Nothing to explain since it's obvious he and his advisors are clueless about adverse selection
Obamacare undermined every American
This is going to back fire on trump.
Genocide.
Ha ha. You idiots mean increase competition among insurers. Dems controlled by insurer lobbyists will complain.
If Obamacare was written in the first place correctly then none of this would have to happen with it.
The provisions of his executive orders will have a cruel effect on millions of Americans.
Like all the Dems losing their offices. Competition among insurers and cheaper policies. Dems controlled by insurer lobbyists will complain
Finally doing as he was elected to do!
Let's see: executive orders by Obama were bad, unconstitutional. Executive orders by Trump  - nothing to see here, move along, am I right ?
What a hateful thing to do many will die.
dripping with bias
There is no valid explanation.
They're trying to kill ACA by making it fail. Junk policies will give buyers false sense of security, bring back medical bankruptcies.
Not if people remember that his plan doesn’t guarantee anyone cover, that folks can be excluded because of pre-existing conditions, since competitive markets won’t want to cover them, and prices won’t be regulated so insurance companies can come in low & then rise prices
Trump wants insurance companies to be able to collect premiums for policies that are as worthless as a degree from Trump University.
All that watched him live were "ANGRY" He has no real support from the vast voters on this!
Seriously, why would ANY woman still wear a skirt when they go anywhere near the WH?
Rand Paul must have got what he wanted he is now in the trump camp.
Traitor of the people also.
Autocracy overruled the People and Congress with an EO that impacts 1/6 th of our economy!
Don't forget congress could save it. COWARDS THEY ARE.
Why is he even allowed to have a pen in his hand at this point? Really.
trump is a truly evil man
This diverts healthy ppl to cheap policies outside ACA w little coverage, leaving sick people w high rates. Trump forcing Obamacare failure
More competition and cheaper policies. Dems hate that.
@realdonaldtrump Every XO you sign will be repealed and replaced when you leave office in shame.
Short term insurance will increase premiums for everyone. Healthcare is expensive so insurance is expensive.  Dumb GOP tricks will not work.
This order is expected to increase cost those already burdened.with cost of obamacare. WHAT? Thought Trump promised to lower costs?
Heads up? Oscar no longer positioned to be a health care provider. Evolved into fiscal management Co. between govt and healthcare providers? Kushner co-owner.
I despise Trump. Something has to be done for the self employed mom and pop business' they are getting hammered premium hikes. How to fix?
So just because Trump hates Obama the entire country is going to be stuck with sub-standard insurance with no coverage - Trump needs to go
Yup. Thanks, Obama. @voxdotcom
Get government out of healthcare.
grow up. https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SH.XPD.TOTL.ZS …
Grow up? I’m the one that wants to keep my $$ and chose the best care for myself and not what the gov’t thinks it knows what’s best for me.
Can't even read a chart, can you?
*damage
