In all fairness, nothing seems to stop drug trafficking. The war on poverty and war on drugs are abject failures.
Yeah how does a chemical that's made in the Labs at Johnson&Johnson find its way in herion? I know let's ask a street dealer who cant spell!
Let's not forget that heroin was invented by Bayer. Damn, street dealers...
Um you might be confused, heroin has been around for centuries, possibly even millenia.
I don't give a he'll! How does a plant grown in Afghan  gets to America and no one knows until a 14 15 yr old has it in his pocket!
Traditionally the CIA has had a hand in that. Allegedly.
Then build the wall, Chuck!
Fentanyl is a prescription drug. A wall won't make a difference. The heroin epidemic is spawned from medication in people's medicine cabs.
U are wrong.  Its supplied by china and sold and distributed by Mexico.  Build the wall.  Killing thousands of Americans.  Enough is enough
Every single word I wrote is truth. Along with our invasion of Afghanistan kick starting the renewal of poppy farming banned by the Taliban
Well work with the President , and figure something out instead of fighting him in every way
That's the smartest thing I heard in a long time
Since all else has failed, try supporting POTUS on building & and extending the wall between Mexico & US. May lower drug use & abuse.
What do Mexico and fentanyl have to do with one another?
Maybe we should just give those dealers jobs I think that's what the Dems wanted to do with ISIS lol
Get out of afghanistan and stop the cartels & isis drone armies ..
Close the borders
Heroin and Cocaine are not able to be produced in the U.S. how's it getting in ?
How long have you had to do something about it? wasted tax dollars on your salary.
Our war on drugs hasn't stopped drugs, apparently $$ is NOT a deterrent. How much have we spent on the drug war? $Trillions?
neither will open borders or the war against police. Get real already.
If your so smart why didn't you fix it in the last 8 years? Come on Chucky get real!
#SoundsLikeYou
Are still catering to K Street lobbyists Chuck.
What is your cut for keeping HIDTA in place?
Whose back are you scratching?
No but securing the border will.
#Buildthewall
the sad thing is reality is no one can stop drug trafficking. They cld always build a wall at all the airports.This is #sad
Stop the games that are trafficking
you probably know who is bringing it in
Blah blah blah
Then strengthen the laws by enforcement!
R u kidding  forget that schumer -clapper says trump admin. Was unmasked  u phony liberals
Schumer wake up!!! Stop The Drugs At The boarders!!!!
You mean like the thing that goes around wallpaper?  Or did you mean borders?  Spelling properly helps people be taken seriously.
If your concerned with someonespellinggetalifemoveon
So you cant stop drugs in your own state but  criticize the POTUS for attempting to do something?  You are pathetic.
NY got all these taxes they should fund it.  State responsibility?
So Chuck, what IS going to stop drug trafficking?  You seem awfully critical of others plans, but unwilling to provide your own. #WeAreNY
Build the Wall.  Stop the flow of drugs pouring accross the border and the distribution by illegsl immigrants.  It's not rocket science
.
Talk doesn't work Chuck. Roll up your sleeves, put your big boy pants and start WORKING FOR AMERICA . You and Dems aren't solving problems
Build The wall
What the world? @SenSchumer the wall is opiates, the cuts r 4 the rich! Love ya man, but messaging consistency is crucial now...
Think if we tighten up the border might help. This problem caused by your and your cronies borderless idealog.
You certainly won't do anything but bamboozle NY'ers
What have you done?  How about that water in gowanda?  Like you even care DA
Schumer, how do you have time for any thing other than tweeting, you are addicted, do your hatefull job.
More taxpayer money. That's always your solution Chuck
@POTUS wants a wall and you don't. That will slow to stop drug trafficking. And if it is that widespread, why aren't you soliciting votes?
Sounds like a personal problem.
This is Trump's way of Making America Great Again by taking funding, healthcare and other programs Americans need and rely on. He is a liar!
Really Chuckie,don't believe you.
Liberals in a panic that a core voting block within the Democratic Party will OD. Oh no, more Democrats voting from the grave.
Your friends you protect in your state will not let drug trafficking stop anyway. You have support the dealers for years
Do you just make stuff up, or are you actively lying?
Your right.......but a border wall will help!
that's a state's problem u old fool
A wall would. And stop yr sanctuary stance
And what have YOU done? This is happening under your watch dummy.
Where there's want there will be a supply. Years of cutting budgets to give to social service programs. Long standing issue
STOP THE BS!
YOUR WAR ON DRUGS PROGRAMS haven't worked for 50 years CLOSE THE BORDERS SO THE MEXICAN CARTELS ARE LOCKED OUT!
BS
That's because he's an idiot..oh hey..the electoral college has to go
Wall will help slow it down.
Neither will opposing border control Chuck
Hey Chucky stop the drugs # BUILD THE WALL
if these programs worked NY would not have this problem, no workie no haveie.
Why don't you call a truce and talk to him like a man instead of bitching?
This is the fist time (in years ) you're talking about this?
The war on drugsbis a failed endeavour. Control the boarder
You are a little late Senator! LI schools have been trying to educate students and parents for years but as usual you ignore the middle
Rom 13:2 Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God: and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation
Are you saying that Democrats are not capable to implement procedures in your districts? I hope your not that foolish.
Chuck, did you just wake up to the drug problems in NY? What have you done or been doing about it?
Build the wall
I HEAR YOU##
you make no sense.where are they getting it the local drug store !! Where is it coming from North Korea
Excuse me, Senator, but did this just happen? I ask because @realDonaldTrump has only been @POTUS a few months.
The wall will. So build the wall
Pls don't put combos or heroin in with the opioids. I go 2 VA and we're scared that y'all are going to take them away, suicides+ w/quad
Uh no. Where have you been? The WALL will stop the flow of drugs. THE WALL Chuck, THE WALL. 
How about a border wall?  Did you ever think that would help?  Answer: NO.
So why should we the tax payers pay for those who CHOOSE to do the drugs...don't we have 1000's of 501 c3 org's for those things
Either will your support of sanctuary cities which let these very drug dealers in, right Chuck? You love MS-13 apparently.
The wall & following the immigration laws on books will. Stop sanctuary cities where drug lords roam free.
HERION COMES FROM AFGANISTAN! DON'T WE HAVE BOOTS ON GROUND THERE? I'T COULD BE STOPPED BUT BUSH CLINTON CARTEL WOULD LOOSE MONEY! NO EXCUSE
But border security will as @POTUS has already proven.
Chuckie,  the fence leaks.
You are responsible for the drug flood and ms13 in your part of America.
Chuckie,
How about bounties for trespassers apprehended by border residents?
Why do you want the fed controlling state issues?
Monies pored into the drug prgm over last 8 yrs didn't stop drugs so a cut in the prgm won't make a difference.
Everything you tweet is against the president. Wake up Americans. Anti Trump rhetoric is the Dems only policy.not good for America!
What world are you living in or are you using also. @POTUS has made fighting it a number 1 priority. With weak borders it's hard.
Chuck, why cities and counties with high crimes and heavy drug using are always heavily Democratic area? You should take responsibilities.
And what are you doing about the drug trafficking in your state.,Chuckie?
The deadly poison is made in the jungles by some people who think the stonger u make this garbage the better.The the undocumented bring here
Border wall will! Travel Ban will! And where have U Dems been for the last 8 yrs?????
You are stipulating Non fact?  None of your BS is substantiated.  How drunk were u all when u came up with this non-evidence?
How about lefty wacky sanctuary cities
I hope you get nailed for your crimes soon!  You belong in Gitmo!
Hey Chuck the border wall would keep drugs out... why don't you support that???
Hey jack ass where do you think that heroin is coming from? #buildthewall
Build the wall, that would be a step in the right direction!
there is a dangerous muther humper whose name is charles schumer spreading across new york who needs to be voted out !!!
This is a president from the "dark side". All that he has done for  the hard working people whether medical or financial  harms not helps 
Y'know, that's a big reason why @POTUS wants to secure our borders, yet you oppose him
So @SenSchumer the CLINTON CARTEL pulling your strings now
Cutting any funding to HIDTA is a death sentence to all our States we have a drug war in our country we info who is killing us?
hahahaha no but his wall will 
HIDTA created by Congress provides help to Federal State Local and Tribal law enforcement working in areas critical drug-trafficking areas
The "prgm" doesn't work...time to find another way...or are you getting kickbacks or something from this?
It was because of people like you and the Obama administration that allowed Opioid's to become a crisis!
Chuckie.the HIDTA prgm hasn't stopped drug trafficking! Continuing to do the same thing with the same result, insanity! Build the wall!
Don't you have a  police force???
If you are so worried and concerned about drug trafficking then why are you opposing the building of the border wall/fence?
#Hypocrite
Because shovels and boats exist?
So does ground penetrating sonar and more boots sitting in AC air filled room watching video feeds from wall cameras
So... watchtowers, which would have the same or better effectiveness as a solid wall, for a tiny percentage of the price?
Well your side did nothing to help the problem over the past 8 yrs. if anything it got worse under BHO. So why talk shit about @POTUS
HIDTA is not for drug enforcement. Cut off snake's head and no heroin 2 battle. U have some #draintheswamp to do.  @FoxNews @Potus
We can't even stop the flow of drugs past our own highly secured prisons..thinking a wall w/ Mexico is going to stop the flow of drugs is 
Actually, it's coming from China. Wall would be useless.
Maybe trump should propose a wall around china...oh wait
Drain the swamp of this waste now. He is only causing more obfuscating regulations.
Do you know what obfuscating means? I think you meant a different word.
after a three week road trip across America - through some of the heartland opiate problem is every where
But, the, wall...
What have u done sir?? U don't know until u try !! Let's face it, throwing money into broken system won't work. U don't deserve $ received!
Maybe you should make Heroin illegal like you want to do with Guns.
A WALL will stop drug trafficking (like Mexican's SOUTHERN border) MAGA
No, it will make them very good at tunnel and boat building.
Maybe a wall along the southern border will, though. Remember the Secure Fence Act of 2006 that you voted Yay to? Start working FOR the USA!
How about the wall Chuck ?? Doesn't fit your Democratic liberal narrative??
How about a shovel, Barb? Doesn't fit your Wall narrative?
If it takes a shovel..... great ! As long as it gets built !!!
So how do we prevent them from just...going under the wall? Or around it? Or on a boat? The wall is a symbolic money waster, nothing more.
It is not the GOV place to address a state issue. That is not right for other states ppl to address an issue in your state.
Lies! Term limits! America and especially NY has had enough of you and the lies you spread. little Chuckie lies a lot! #MAGA!
Quick! Build a wall around Ny to stop drugs!
MOST of this fentanyl is coming from China by the way. The drug money is making Chinese mobsters rich.
This Admin. is probably making money off it ......
This comment is idiotic!
