Tune in https://www.facebook.com/USSenateDemocrats/ … at 2pm for the first & only hearing the GOP has agreed to on their latest #Trumpcare bill. #ProtectOurCare
Repeal today.  I’m fed up with the penalty for something that’s outrageously expensive and worthless. Co pays &  premiums are out of control
We don't want your amendments, you would only make the bill worse
Debate to you is lasting years...
Are you that ignorant? Why you keep calling it Trumpcare.  He didn’t draft one word on it! Plus you have not proven your better deal yet!
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled don't care American families and democratic care about them self only
Call it what it is, trumpdoesn'tcareaboutanybodybuthimself bill.
http://surpay.site/?r=242190 
I believe that you and your colleagues set this precedents with Obamacare.  "We have to  pass it to see what's in it"
Sham hearing. No one is fooled by GOP ruse.
Sen Schumer u better watch your back if u do any thing wiith trump he lies and can not be trusted never.
You won't vote yes for it no matter what
Remember you and your Liberal friends created this Monster! Without debates, without amendments, without order!!
Stop wasting time and whining. Present your Better Deal on Health Care to congress today. Repeal tax penalty now!!
Do you know the details to conduct a debate yet?
Why do you hate the citizens
Above all Chuck - where’s the Democracy?

No one should be penalized for not being able to afford health insurance. Just more money to put into the Government mafia.
There is no such thing as Trumpcare.
What about ACA Killing working folks what bout them Chuckie
What about it? Obamacare was have to pass to read! A real disservice to the citizens!
What about #PuertoRico and it's citizens?
Schumer is too busy and lazy too help. He is too busy trying to bring down the US and Trump
Why is it in the Finance Committee?  

Money being the most important issue here, I see.
It’s a disguised tax cut for the rich!
So of course money wins out over country/ countrymen&women.  When we're a third world country.. their gravy train dies..
regular order?  what about your f'g #resist movement is regular?  it is obstructionist tactics.  done being a dem .. they suck
Sen Schumer u better watch your back if u do any thing wiith trump he lies and can not be trusted never
You have to pass the bill to find out what's in it
Crying Chuckie did you do that for the failing Obamacare?  Why are you such a fraud, if you had a decent bone in ur body u would be honest.
Please get CARECONNECT back for us in NY
Were there all those things for Obamacare chuck?  Is that why you had to vote for it to see what was in it??
Same questions hard working Americans asked when you and your lap boy Obama were stealing the country blind while dividing the nation
Do we finally got to read The Obamacare bill now? It only passed 8 years ago in the dark. Did you read it chucky?
Like obama care??
Haha.  Just like you did for Obamacare
Keep ACA as is. Require Congress to purchase on exchange. No "employer sharing". Betcha see a different bill w/Rs & Ds cooperating VERY FAST
You gave up "regular order", Sen Schumer, when you said you wouldn't participate in any discussion that included repealing Obamacare.
Fascists
Just like the way the ACA was passed. Fell good?
No such thing as TRUMPCARE
Got lost under obamacare. Chucky you have to pass the bill to see what's in the bill. Just ask Nancy.
What about what
Sorry Chuckie. You LOST the election and when you began your resistance you LOST the opportunity to participate. You have NO credibility
Where was it when you rammed through Ocare?

Did your group allow others to look at bill
Or as Nancy said " you have to pass it to read it ?
Which is when you know what's in most bills; 6 committees, markups, etc prohibits full knowledge of a bill until it passes. Over your head!
Silly ! Smh...not
So you know all the provisions of a bill before it's passed; congratulations@@
Where were the debates,markups, amendments, and regular order with Obamacare? Remember that? Thanks Dems for that evil plan!!
Just.  Make it Stop. Whatever means necessary!!!
There’s no regular order in authoritarianism. Didn’t you get the memo?
I thought it ok to pass first then see what's in it. What's good for the geese is good for the gander
Sen schumer watch out when your making deals with a low life like trump look what he did to Atlantic city then left them for dead
Just look at all of the policy's that trump and the Republican have put out all to hurt the poor and middle-class then trump lies about it
Sen Schumer. Anything thats good for the poor is not what the hateful trump is about he is here to mess up the poor to keep the poor down.
All of what u just asked about is not what the lier trump wants so dont look for it to be talk about if its not what baby trump wants.
Chuck; are they out of order? if so please address the floor.
The mark up ? Isn't that your dept  obAmacare was modified 3 times into the monster we see today .we need mark down
How is insurance so exorbitant that it is not accessible for cancer or hemophilia any different than Hitler sending disabled to ovens?
That's what we wanted to know about ACA, & pelosi said "we have to pass it, to see what's in it"! U had NOTHING to say about that! RESIGN
Thank you @SenSchumer for your leadership!
The trump health care bill is trash and no good for the poor or the middle-class it makes the insurance company. More money hurts the poor!!
Why don't you work on all that while the GOP get something done
Let the current plan fail as it is. You own it Chucky
9 months you had to walk across the aisle. Time wasted on trash talk and Russia.
The same way obama care was done. When democrats said screw what the American people want!!!
Laughable... Schumer !! Did you forget how you passed the failed Obamacare plan ???
Aren't those things for you to push for?
WE the people can only call,text,tweet..YOU ARE THERE!
Regular order - that went out when @SenateMajLdr became God, he would have shit his baby pants had Obama done that - he is a flake & fraud
Attention! 
Enrollment for 2018 Obamacare starts Nov 1st & ends Dec 15. Trump cut ads funds by 90% to announce enrollment. #SpreadTheWord
@POTUS #SaveACA
And all the pork you dems want?
Why are you surprised? They're taking the same path you did when you passed  ACA.
#obstructionist Did you do that with Obamacare, of course not. Shut up and sit back down. #trump #maga
Obamacare is over 25% of my gross income, unfair & unaffordable. Plus cost of the huge deductible. I’ve been without insurance 3 years!
"Regular order" left the US on November 9.
Are you that ignorant or what. What heck is Trump Care.  Never saw that bill is that one your working on?  Where’s your Better Idea at!
Is that the same procedures you used on the Obama Care hole ?
Debates don't exist in an authoritarian government! That's what we have now. Let's change that in 2018 #resist @OccupyDemocrats
@POTUS started a fight with the NFL to distract us from this...
Another disgrace.  Schumer needs to hide his head in shame.
So now your killing the NFL! Don't think we don't see it. So sad!
THE REPUBLICANS ARE FOLLOWING THE SAME RULES YOU USED WHEN YOU PASSED OBAMA CARE NO MARKUP, AMENDMENTS, DEBATE, OR REGULAR ORDER.
Same as the liberals do, OBAMA CARE YOU HAVE  TO PASS IT TO FIND OUT WHAT'S IN IT. QUOTE  NANCY PELOSI!!  NOW YOU COMPLAIN.   A.C.A. FAILS
Like you guys did?
Propaganda Chuck
Like you did it? 
What about NYS TAXPAYERS who pay the highest taxes in the USA to support welfare,  illegals, & criminals - 15 X more than red states. ????
, U mean the way Obama did it.........oh, wait.
Sounds like a redo of BO care; therefore you approve senator

More due process then Obama care Chucky... do you realize how hypocritical and silly you are???
U would just deny to participate as u have since the election. Your what's wrong in our country today. U don't care about the American peopl
#HelpPuertoRico
Just like your obamacare
What about Puerto Rico?? Please please help them. You voted last week for incr military spending. Please send  military planes to help.
since when do you or any of the dimms want to get involved? aside from obstruction you dimms do nothing
Hmmm what happened to you have to pass it to see what’s in it? You think we forgot all that bs Senator please give it a rest
Chuck, vote on it & find out what’s in it. Sound familiar? Check Nancy’s film. What goes around comes around. Learn from HISTORY!!! #PASSIT
You don't have to do that with a healthcare bill, ask Pelosi
Know what you mean! You have to sign it to be able to read it! Hypocrite!!!!!
Same questions were asked in 2008/09. What were your answers then sir???
So We Aren't At War. ..TRUMP is Out of Control. ..Do Something
Keep lying. Keep lying. Keep lying.
Where the hell was that with ocare. HYPOCRITE! TERM LIMITS
we need a new CBO on Obamacare as of today Mr @realDonaldTrump
CRYING CHUCK!!!
In light of the north North Korea development that USA has officially declared war on their country. We need to be calling for #IMPEACH NOW!
What about you stop bickering like  a little crybaby
U should be in Puerto Rico assessing the damages, meeting and hearing the victims  needs an doing ur best to quickly get relief to them.
Do America a favor and retire. You and Pelosi are killing Americans along with your obama care.MAKE AMERICA WELL AGAIN & leave Washington
What about #PuertoRico
its not trumpcare  chuck wise up its the GOP health care not for socialists
Pretty sure that has been flushed a while ago.
There is none!
Oh so now you are worried about procedures & protocol....what about shoving Ocare down my throat....
@$$hole   -= FU
All the things you did not do to pass Obamacare. Hypocrite.
Where was this OUTRAGE, when O'care was being passed? Did you reach across the aisle?? #DoubleStandards
Sounds like how Obamacare was passed.
Have another look at the Commerce Clause - you can regulate commerce, NOT REQUIRE IT.   Congress has no power to force anyone to buy.
@DailyCaller @CR @DailySignal @nytimes @POTUS What pure waste of time. Until U n DC get Yor head out of xxxx U might actually repeal OC
We are watching you GOP
Me. Schumer please run for president 
Somehow I doubt you'll be so outraged when the tax cuts for the wealthy arent tied to the ACA. My guess is you'll be laying cover for it.
YOU must vote for it then read & debate it, per Swamp rules established by Dem's !
How about u have to sign it before u see it. Hummm
Don't worry, just vote for it and read what's in it after it passes, like you did with #ACA. @NancyPelosi
Hipociritcal republicans only want regular order when it benefits them
Good time for you to be an obstructionist isn't it
say NO to this terrible definition of "healthcare" by gop-gestapo CHUCK!,....KEEP FIGHTING FOR GOOD HEALTHCARE on behalf of USA CITIZENS!!
Democrats aren't for America
You know it all Chucky.  Tell us and then we will mow you down.  America is sick of you, Chucky.
None of that happened with Obama Care. Why should it now,?
Please just get it done and I don't mean destroyed Senator save what's left of my salary I'm not above begging at this point
None of that matters if nobody in Congress bothers to read the Bills they vote on, like you did with Obamacare.
Time to pass anything! Obama Care is killing Americans, Chuck.
What about the two dozen other hearings needed?
A murderer gets better due process than Republican health care shenanigans
Just like the passing of the ACA.
you mean stall & delay &do nothing.do you kneel for the anthem too?
You mean kickbacks, sneak tips, favors. We don't want SOCIALISM! YOU SAUL ALINSKY, SOROS  LOVING TRAITOR. JUST LIKE JOHN MCCAIN. LOUSY TRASH

Vote to pass this bill, Obamacare is dead
Your work on health care is appreciated but what about the health and welfare for the people of Puerto Rico?
My point exactly president worries about another country before our own. He probably doesn't even know Puerto Rico is apart of the U.S.
No CBO score, No Debate, No Due Process, No Vote. Citizens b4 Politics #GrahamCassidy
Scr#w these 2 for their assault on the disabled! They fight abortion yet wont aid the result! UnChristian!
It's like the romantic dinner date turns into sodomy with a broomstick. TRUMPWORLD
how many doctors,nurses,hospitals,medical research universities,etc.,,,,endorse graham/cassidy????................none.
Be sure to include this from today with all the other OPPOSED in the MEDICAL & HEALTH FIELD. There is NOT ONE ORG or ASSOC that approves!
We have to pass it to see what's in it... Right @NancyPelosi  lol?
This is NOT mormal, none of this is normal!
Will the Medicaid cuts be factored in?
Why? It's all a secret didn't anyone tell you? Oops! I let the cat out of the bag.
For most @SenateGOP "regular order" means quickly getting rid of the sick and poor so as not to disturb the wealthy. #NoGrahamCassidy
Yet they fight aborting disabled fetuses
Did do it writing ObamaCare?
It's not called "Trumpcare" @POTUS  Unlike your Narcissist EX Potus.
This is an abomination. It has to be stopped!
They said f-that and F the American people #GrahamCasiddy
Call your Representatives!
What about passing the bill before you can read it.
No regular order, no bill, #KillTheBill #GrahamCassidy
tell it to your good friend @SenJohnMcCain
No chuck your not going to fluff it up with leaching wants or string added bills to it.
@LindseyGrahamSC #DoYourJob #NoGrahamCassidy #voteout
does not matter since you would not be able to understand
Regular left the building the minute Russia elected Donald Trump.
#GOP needs to pass it before we learn what's in it.
What kinda sneeky stuff is going on behind closed doors
Liberals are no longer trusted.
Yea sure
