Name calling shows you're super smart....and right 
Because names calling like hilbots and trumpeters is where the real intelligence lies 
Bernie, PD what does that matter to name calling? My vote is wide open, so far I'm not
Why do you lie so much? You know this isn't true.
@NiniIcherrybomb @SenSchumer  Impeach Trump

Bill O'Reilly Mocks Maxine Waters As Wearing A "James Brown Wig"...feeding Fox viewers racist red meat they love.   
its a fact . not racist if its a fact.
what is a fact?
her hair looks like James Browns. Was it not obvious or did you just want me to say it again?
youve said it once now. it's a fact her hair looks like James browns. Not a James Brown wig.
I'm guessing you are one of those people that is offended a lot of the time.
oh you are one of those people
Triggered
Don't you have women to yell at. Wow 2018 is going to get even better with more Dem sears going republican.
nope, repubs gonna lose alot
Dems are already losers, where have you been
never underestimate #resist
never under estimate a true patriot
Lol oh YOU are the only true patriot. I see you:just like taliban
you unAmerican liberals are so funny a true joker
The Dems screwed the middle class with Obamacare.  Take responsibility!!
What a bunch of crock!
Reminds me of the movie Total Recall.  Only the wealthy would want a world like that.
prioritizing is an essential skill that all good manager possess. Favoritism in the workplace destroy organization. #MAGA
Global warming tied 2 Sun Spots
44% increase 1917-2016 vs 1818-1917
Temperature Increases 1st Carbon Rises 2nd
CO2 is NOT A POLUTANT
please chuck stop this madness!  Help us!  We cannot let this clown continue!
The clown?  @@SenSchumer is the king of clowns now he's Senate Minority leader.  Little Reid is SAD.
Vote DEms out!
@NiniIcherrybomb @SenSchumer Impeach Trump
nope you guys did that with the Unaffordable Care Act! And to pass it you were guaranteed an option that you folks didn't have to get it!
@FemmesUnafraid  trump turning back regulations is endangering ppl lives while gifting corporations.
or putting thousands back to work and saving West Virginia!  Great executive order, keep me coming!!
They are not getting more jobs, friend.
really what do u call all those people who can mine coal again? Workers and jobs saved WV!!
even the miners know those jobs aren't coming back!  Like ur fridge pic tho 
coal mines in Kentucky are hiring right now.
And, YOU SAID WEST VIRGINIA. DONT CHANGE THE RULES!
WV is just one example. Because that whole state was hit hard.
nope not true Obama hurt the American people an you guys did when you never read the damn bill
your mom must have never washed your mouth out with soap as a child for telling stories sir
like you care about Americans it's all about illegals to you, and you should be arrested just like the rest breaking your oath!!
AMERICANS R THE SMARTEST FOOLS. DIGGING THEIR OWN GRAVE AND SINGING ' MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN'
Lol!!You were in office for 8 years! Did nothing! You are a rich pig who yells at people in my neighborhood just trying to eat!
Don't forget his own family
You mean their not lining your pockets anymore to the work around the Regulation. POTUS is removing all BS Regulations.
chuckles seriously, are you ok? We are worried about your mental health #termlimits
. God listening to you  let's us know just how important Harry Reid was to the Democrats.
liar, you need to resign, nothing you can do for the next 8 years with @realDonaldTrump , resign or get fired.
oh now your concerned..what the past 16 years fuckwad?
how so?  note: this accntnot in my control for some months 1healthcare revise didn't pass 2 'big oil' is focusing on solutions.?
line the pockets of Al Gore instead.
What Special Interests are preventing Democrats from getting behind Sanders & #BernieCare ? https://twitter.com/justicedems/status/846505397146013696 … #JoinBernie
Sign our petition with @NationalNurses and @BrandNew535 to @HouseDemocrats: http://justicedemocrats.com/singlepayer . The time is now for Medicare for All. 
.@SenSchumer Stop changing the subject. You'll do anything to hide your ties to Russia.
Trump admin has put American people's health & our planet's future on the back burner, lining the pockets of big oil & special interests.
Senator...GROW UP & stop the rhetoric. Do u really believe the American ppl are stupid?  Shame
this is more fake news
You sure never balked at taking special interest money. How can you be so patently dishonest and live with yourself?
Same old lies, same old craziness, same old ideas.  There is no global warming, check history.  Our resources are ours to use.
you shameful man!
#SchumersRumors
Liberal agendas are what is killing people. #noethics #nomorals #antiChristian #noborders
YOU are a piece of Shit, And care NOT one iota about the killing babies, healthcare, or the safety & security of this country...
We need to stop talking and DO SOMETHING before he destroys the planet!!!
you know Hitler said tell a lie often enough and people will believe. I see your follwing his advice
all the pollution that comes from all the vehicles on the road that burning gas and you criticize trump. Electric cars
Like you did by putting the FDA on the vape shops. Because Big T cried to you. Give us ex smokers a choice that we want
Watching since '70s and we Dems/#GOP always take the money and screw the middle-class and poor. They want the money/power but...
Then why don't you do something about campaign finance reform?  You won't.  Your too invested in maintaining the status quo.
You tweeting fool. @thedemocrats better legislate instead of obstruct.
See Schumer contributors. Wealthy/"special interest". Hmm
@socanlady call in the people to help fight this! They work for us! We are here willing & ready!
shooting  mean no thing to Trump  world. He is glad when people suffer.
Every for Trump  nothing  for others.
He is money money.
no one Democrat should  deal with him until they agree to fix ACA
Time for a new talking point Chucky, that one has been over used.
Chuck you sure can twist them lies
Who did you think his constituency was?
Stop posting lies and fake news
Umm isn't it because you want Obamacare which ordinary people can't afford if they get hurt
Trump is doing EXACTLY what we voted for.  #shutupchuck!!!
LIAR!!!!!
Hey Schumer/Clown, we R tired of U & DEMS which consists of Haters, Liars, stone throwers, with no morals or scruples. STOP BS
We the People that voted for Trump R well aware of your antics.  We are not buying what you are selling.  QUIT LYING!!
lol. You don't care about the American people Chucky, we All see right through your schemes. We love energy independence. !
oh the drama... nobody is buying on you climate hoax anymore 'The end is coming!" you are all pathetic!
Any Healthcare plan for Americans should be comparable to that of the Senate and House
If your brains were dynamite,you couldn't blow your nose.
Kinda like Obama did With our Military and Security? LoL
Why don't you make some attempt at bipartisan politics for the benefit of the people who "elected" you and others into office.
How many people are employed by the Oil Industry???? Guess those hardworking people do not amount to anything.
link to support tweet?
and the Republicans in congress are following him like lemmings!
Says Senator Obstruction! #NYdeservesbetter #retirechuck #MAGA
Oh come now.. Don't insult our intelligence, The Smart ones know who you are.
You are a lousy actor just so you know
instead of putting US citizens in the ground I'll take some emissions...stupid old trouble maker
Wrong you have put the American people behind you and put illegals first ...Shame on you!!!
Heard you at graduation.All you talked about was how much free stuff came from govt.Middle class working parents were horrified.
you don't care about the American people.
Why do you lie so much?
Chuckie keeps spewing stupid
@FederalVoice 
3 blind mice can't think for themselves b/c they can't read for themselves.
@FederalVoice if you tell a lie often enough and long enough the 3 blind nice will follow --- by the millions !!
@FederalVoice this is a big fat lie.
for lst 8 yrs no one cared about poor planned obamacare.  Both dems and repubs failed america with medical. U all failed
& ur team took Delphi retirees health & financial well being off the stove while lining the pockets of unions. Own up 2 it Chuck
OBSTRUCTIONIST = @@SenSchumer  Take your foot off the brakes and let the car move forward.  It would be becoming of you.
Dems need to get ready for 2018 and fight this GOP narcissist and his planet-destroying agenda!
No DEMS have taken away Americans' healthcare and support environmental interest groups.
Oh grow up. We can have oil AND a safe environment at the same time. You people are delusional.
@smusino agreed.. But respectfully there are so many simul battles… we need to prioritize+dismantle spokes anchoring crazy train
Work with and not against!!
@Bonesweems trump MUST B STOPPED NOW!IF NOT, THERE WILL B NO FUTURE FOR US;OUR CHILDREN;&OUR GRANDKIDS.PLS GOD! HELP US!#resist
You put a young child's life & mental state in danger when you pulled strings & brought a child molester hers Silence from you
more liberal BS the same BS that put you in the minority. You offer no solutions to Obama Care. Guess you should have read it???
And what, pray tell, are Dems planning to do about it???
stop lying, and resign already
w/ the AHCA failure you have a chance to heal a rift rather that fan the flames Senator. Might be more helpful don't you think?
@PrincessBravato     So. True greed lies and more greed
So has every Republican president since Reagan. People have no memories in this country.
the deficit that was left for our children has put our lives in governments hands-not your job. Fiscal responsibility-your job.
The corrupt Liar-in-Chief and Republicans don't care about us. Reps don't know how to govern, they have been the party of "no".
Wrong Chuck only rolling back job killing regs. Obama used as a weapon
very disturbing #resist

We may have to go to Mexico for jobs. Hope the wall is climbable from our side.
@THE_Nasty_Woman Let's not forget that lowering mpg for US auto industry will put us at a disadvantage. People buy with their 
Dems accuse others of all sorts of crimes yet if you look they are guilty of what they accuse people of and the proof is concret
@skyclad_dancer and you're surprised by this?
Chuck..STOP, You are so out of touch, I don't even understand wtf you're talking about. STOP LYING CHUCK STOP LYING!
my thoughts exactly. Please keep fighting for us all. How can climate change be ignored?!!

Why pathetic regional party (D) Lost Blue Wall!  Coal workers going back to work  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=X0So3G0gE8Y&ebc=ANyPxKo_RuiP38LcOWOhT6VXAShlhw1Y5mabJ3PZBm_lK83aVzvmafXdPhxSoM9HqGb_d8bhPj1s …
@SenateDems So Daft why they have been reduced to being a regional party.  Putting Americans 1st not hoax Global Warming#MAGA
Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak Appeared As Obama White House Visitor At Least 22 Times http://dailycaller.com/2017/03/02/russian-ambassador-sergey-kislyak-appeared-as-obama-white-house-visitor-at-least-22-times/ …
he is trying to make us less reliant on other countries! Instead of profiting on the lack of American energy like the Democrats!
@PrincessBravato can people with asthma sue the president now??  THEY SHOULD.
Move to impeach tht criminal.
@jamescoleman07  well put that he has put the planet on the burner.
Oboma Care sucks and you know it.
. Schumer you are all propaganda. Americans see through your lies!  We know ACA is imploding and needs to be fixed.  Stop the BS

Servicemen  and women RISK THIER LIVES abroad to protect the USA, & YOU go gather them and protect our enemies here on US SOIL
I would say your a TRAITOR chuck
AND you don't know for sure if anyone's done anything wrong, your people stop @POTUS from trying to properly vet immigrants
what a stupid statement
speaking truth.All these rollbacks of Pres Obama trying to help keep our air/water/land from being contaminated. He doesn't care
You had the past 8 years to give all Americans the same health insurance Congress has. You are all at fault.
your hate is showing again, with so much hate, you must have a miserable life.
And what are you going to do about it?
Kind of like YOU did when kicking Bernie out of the primaries? I bet Bernie would look pretty good about NOW.
yawn
the whole country is taking note if your rhetoric. This is why you clowns lost. You've lost touch. You're old news step down
Who's lining your pockets Chuck, the climate change beneficiary companies and organizations?
How do you sleep at night?  If you aren't haunted, you should be.
lol so have the democrats. #shalegasinitiative
You are my voice...do something about this, please!
you're an idiot Schumer. You're against everything the GOP does. What did the clueless wonder Obama do? Oh yeah, Bush's fault
#lies
your bought and paid for by special interest. Flint needs clean water but Obama gave millions to Palestine instead? Outrageous
You really are delusional! He hasn't given $1trillion to unions like Obama so you are upset? Poor Chuckie!
the snow flakes don't have to be governed by our new president.   They should leave and MAGA.
You are either delusional or you just plain lie.
so what have you done to assist NYS today? Nothing!  Poverty, corruption, unemployment, welfare state and highest taxes in theUS
go preach to China. The little things we do affects nothing. It's China's pilytuon to be terrified of. Dumb lib as always
correction with my spelling it's pollution
your top nine campaign contributors are all financial institutions. I'd love to see some of YOUR emails.
maybe you should show America how much you care and go after the clintons for there Russian ties. Quit being an ass.
stop trying to sabotage everything and focus on the job you were elected to do
Schumer admits Obamacare makes people suffer. https://twitter.com/patdollard/status/846998122949697536 …
HEY DIDNT U SAY OBAMA CARE IS GOOD???? NOW ITS ON THE BACK BURNER! ?? WHAT A DUMBAZZ

Another misdirection by the Money Launderer in Chief.  Ties to Russia real.  All about money laundering. All the way to the top.
Too bad Chuck and the liberals will never understand that business drives opportunities. Entitlements enables poverty.
.@SenSchumer: And yet you still sat down w/ him & had dinner, even though he hindered the House intelligence Committee? #SallyYates #Coverup
no schumer your Obamacare is doing that
U don't give a damn about American people. U pander to crazy constituents and obstruct for votes. Step down & let America work.
impeach the mother already-damn crook!
trump is a monster
blahahahahaha Chuck The Clown makes me laugh. Do birthday party's  Chucky?
chuck you're not amazing except in this series of trump burns which actually raises your own electability no?
Hillary treason
Hillary needs to go to prison 
@SpeakerRyan
Hillary for prison
No, you did that...#DUMP CHUCK.     Democrats; the new communist party.
wow! You should be ashamed of yourself. You need help!
keep up the good work. Resist
Ur guy

#FOEbama #wiretapping

Go shout at a #Patriot
