Your commute, your schools, your internet. We've got a plan to #RebuildAndRepair. http://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/1/24/14369666/democrats-infrastructure-plan-trump …
Wrong. They proposed a 7 year $300 B plan that didn't pass b/c of REPUBLICAN votes. Read up before displaying such ignorance
Steve Roth w/Vorado Trust Realty will benefit That's Jared & Ivankas partner they plan 2give him all the contracts & they'll pocket BILLIONS
Wow that's a interesting theory @17DISH have any proof of any kind backing that up? @cnn #fakenews doesn't apply
Kushner's owe Roth $1.1Billion due in 2019 after that they bank billions in kick backs
what a joke. How come you weren't fighting for it the last 8 years. You've accomplished nothing in your years in office.
what we really want Dems to fight for? #impeachTrump - get that process started already, NOW.  What are you waiting for??!
oh Grandma, what planet are you living on?
Fight louder to get trump impeached!! Thank you for all you have done @SenSchumer ! I wish others would be louder about opposing trump
You libs keep touting impeach Trump but you can never give a legal reason why. Show me facts.
Russia4one. There's a huge list-WYF do you think the FBI has been investigating trump for months? They have enough evidence to do so
For months and they found nada, zero, zilch. Obama had Trump investigated dont u think Hillary would be potus now if he found something
Well no, being the FBI investigation is occurring now, I would not expect results before it had occurred.
Theres not going to be any results  it was all fake liberal news
Sen. Schumer, after 8 years of Obama where little infrastructure got fixed, you are suddenly claiming they need to be fixed. On the bandwago
Blocked by Repugs at every turn.
Come on, he could have used executive orders, but did not.  Take responsibility.  Remember all the money appropriated for shovel ready jobs?
In Seattle we have a new on ramp to 405 that was a shovel ready job. You're right he could have used more executive orders.
Oh please if he put it in front of you you'd tear it up? Do you and craycrayNancy run next year?
Should have started this years ago not waiting for bridges to literally fall apart dems had nothing to do with rebuilding infrastructure
Bho tried it and failed, except for his buddies making money. @POTUS will do it right.  Help him MAGA!
Dems fought for Vet's healthcare? You obviously don't know the definition of the word "fight" or "to fight for" Vets were dying under Big0.
If your statement is true, what were U doing the last 8 years? @SenateDems The VA is a mess, highways R like a dirt road, bridges are rusty
You had the white house for 8 years. You did nothing then to fix roads. Fool.
Dems are in corner screaming for money for secondary issues, while Trump moves forward on important issues. Your resist is as old as you are
Why wasn't it done with Obama, because you are a liar and could care less.
Oh please you are fighting everything Trump wants to do to improve America and make it safe. #blowhard
You aren't working for us. You're obstructing and whining.
Then why were these things not fixed in the past 8 years you hypocrite
#SadsackSchumer you are either with us or against us, you can't even stand up for what is right unless it is lining your pockets #stonewall
Get real @SenSchumer ! You clowns haven't been doing anything positive for our state. Your not fooling anyone! #allforshow
Really ? What happened to all those "shovel ready jobs" under O ? Some fighter 
Thank you Senator Schumer for all you do...
Chuckie Chuckie Chuckie, work with him, instead of against, and good things will happen!
That will never happen. @SenSchumer  will never stop pouting about their loss in November and putting on a big show for television.
Chucks Favorite Show!
Lmao ol chucky smh he should have went into acting instead of politics
You should of been fighting for them while your boy was in office instead of being a yes man
You're fighting for VA hospitals? Since WHEN? This kind of lie gets people really upset.  Apologize to vets! Id rather go to DMV than VA.
The Democratic Party is in shambles. You fool no one.
Where were you for lst 8 years? Obama had $1t to do infrastructure & pissed it away laughing about shovel ready jobs when asked by reporter!
You weren't fighting for it the last 8yrs under Obama
@realDonaldTrump wants to fix Infrastructure and you try and claim it as yours Chuckie
He's  been in office 100 days and Democrats are complaining you've been in office 30 yrs and done nothing
 My sides ache. Since when?  You did nothing for 8 years.
Maybe you should be fighting to stop TRUMP from governing....PERIOD.
Wrong, what you and the Dems have been fighting for is the destruction of the Trump administration and destruction of my way of life.
The last 8 years you didn't care about that. How many American citizens died because of YOUR lack of attention on this issue since 2008?
Your Such A Fake Schumer!
The #TrumpRussia Investigation should take a priority over everyother, If the Election was conpromised, we must have justice.
Where's results of American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
 costing $847 Billion @TheDemocrats , #Obama for Infrastructure?
Oh, and the way the obama admin left all the va hospitals? Worse condition and ratings in over 20 years..so liberals destroyed everything
VA hospitals wouldn't have been thrust into that shape had the conservatives not put us into a fruitless and illogical war...
Of people who use the va the most? Hint...thst are retirement age...not from the 90's..
You been fighting against president Trump no matter what he does can't stand you
Well if you have we are yet hear about it. Republicans are all over TV with their message.
Where is all the gas tax $ for the tunnels, roads, bridges?
As far as I can see, the ONLY real fighter 4 the people is @SenSanders We MUST make him POTUS. We can throw you guys out. We have the vote!
Fight for a border wall
Also fight to get the returns, investigate Russia and impeach the Chief Cheeto.
You have not you are such a liar you have an even introduced a bill to fix anything but your pockets
More lies..Trump ran on this. U had last 8 yrs, what did u do? NOTHING! Now you won't even let him have people to work for him,YOU ARE CRAZY
We know u sure as hell aren't fighting #illegalimmigrants #IllegalAliens on behalf of safety of the American people.
And what have you been doing since 1998!  Get out of the way Schumer, I vote in NY.
GOP thinks a wall is infrastructure building.
Too bad took didn't fight for that during Obama's entire 8 years in office.  Pathetic.
Why don't you STOP FIGHTING ! AND ACTUALLY GET SOMETHING DONE! COOPERATION IS A BIGGER WORD!
Why weren't you fighting when Obama was president, you burned all that stimulus money Chuck, remember your shovel ready jobs. Hypocrite
@SenateDems Just like the failed Stimulus Plan that wasted a billion dollars. All those fake shovel ready jobs.
If you're any example, #Dems have been working at attacking the @POTUS and sabotaging the #AmericanPeople at every step. #JustStop #WeAreNY
Why weren't you fighting for them the 2920 days before? That's right it was #Obama terms
Chuck Schumer and Cuomo overtaxing New York! Do not re-elect these bozos!
I haven't seen you try to work with him, just against!
Fake man - Fake politician
Infrastructure is important but less so if there is no democracy.  #ImpeachTrump now or get out of the way.
Of pathological liars. HELL NO to sanctuary cities, open borders, illegal alien labor & illegal immigration. BUILD THE DAMN WALL!
Democrats don't give a rats ass about securing our border, much less enforcing our immigration laws. Democrats are NOTHING but a bunch...
Democrats are for border security? BULLSHIT! The last 8yrs is solid proof Democrats only want open borders for the sake of votes...
Sure as hell hadn't been fighting for it for the last 8 years
Protecting criminal, sanctuary cities, racial division, terrorists, perpetual butthurt & more.That's what Dems have been fighting for. #FIFY
Baloney! How can you sleep at night after telling such lies? Check WGRZ in Buffalo about their lousy bridges!
@SenateDems That's funny! Now you care?
Your fullashit
bullshit all you have done is obstruct Chuckles.
Chuck,  why didn't you & Obama do this? So in 100 days you expect Trump to do what you & Obama didn't do in 8yrs?
LIAR! LIAR!
The irrelevant Dems trying to lay claim to @POTUS' infrastructure plan. #pathetic
Your not serious are you? What ding joke you are!
@SenateDems if you want infrastructure done the wall has to be included in the finding...it's all or nothing
Go to YouTube and watch Elizabeth Warren dance around questions and lie to Trey Gowdy she spends tons on website that doesn't exist
Schumer and Pelosi , and the rest of the Democratic Party are not 4 American citizens that's for.Impeach all of them no good leftys
Democrats want the taxpayers money to be spent on what they want. And we all know they spend foolishly. Build the wall
@SenateDems really???never..ever saw this...more baloney
In the 8 years of the previous president you never pushed for infrastructure improvements.  Stop playing politics with people's lives.
too bad you guys didn't do any of this during Obamas miserable 8 yrs. Slimier than Jim Wright
YOU HAD EIGHT YRS U DID NOTHING DONT TRUST U NEVER WILL AGAIN BESIDES ALL PEDO'S WILL BE  IN PRISON SOON BYE PERV
Why didn't u fight for that the last 8 years...how much longer do u plan on bilking the American tax payer anyways
My ass CHARLIE you been in charge 8 years of stupid. u and you're party have done nothing but give this country away. #IranDeal #Benghazi 
You're just a plan hipacrite.  You (Dems) had their chance and did NOTHING. Shut up and do your job!
You mean that's what you been fighting against cause all you do is resits
Full of it! Fighting ! That's all the Dem are interested in theses days. Well you got one! Enjoy!!!
Apparently your all talk! You democrats produce nothing! Do you realize how many seats you've lost in last 6 years! #outoftouch
Trumps words almost to the T You just want to take credit when HE gets it done
You just had 8 years and trillions to do this.  You are a charlatan and a fraud.  Now Dems look like a bunch of violent loons.
You would filibuster. Obstruction is your game which why only 28% think the Dems are in touch with what we think. You and Pelosi 1000seats
Why didn't you take care of this when Dems controlled White House, Senate and Congress? We are sick of listening to your B S..
Why didn't you get that done in the 5,480 days of #44 administration?
Why not start those "shovel ready" projects again?  You had them all ready to go under Honest Obe. If Pres Trump rewrote your bill verbatim
Why did you wait so long Chuck.I mean you guys really suck. You had 8 yrs and did nothing. You're a waste of my tax dollars n should b fired
It will blow your mind
Why don't you YouTube Trump prophecy for president
But God will protect The man who he put in office
You have again proved evil exists as the personification of evil
You have instructed the assemblage of the cabinet which was not done with Obama
And then your followers act like rabid animals after the election to the present
You lost everything this last election cycle because you were so out of touch with mainstream America
You had an economy that crawl at 2% GDP good job
You passed the healthcare bill you knew would fail good for you
You did nothing for eight years for infrastructure. But you passed game marriage laws good for you
What president after liberation has endured such hostility is this one from the other side?
Only thing you Dems are fighting is progress.
@SenateDems @voxdotcom No you haven't. You all have been fighting @POTUS. Work together, make things happen.
@SenateDems You've only been fighting every proposal that @POTUS proposes. You have no plans
Since when ?
What stopped u and Obama from doing this over the last 8 years clown
So stop being an obstructionist with the rest of your dem cronies
You're a lie the dems have been fighting Trump on everything he does you don't care if it is good for America or not
Where were you the past 8 years?  Did you just wake up?  What a hypocrite.
and why weren't you fighting for it for the last eight years may i ask?
How long have you been in office? Why have you not done a dam thing about this problem in NYC & LI? All you want is your mug on front page.
Chuckle, you failed to do this for eight years. Gov. Brown in CA. Has apparently misappropriated highway funds and our highways are a mess.
Obama already got $$$$ for that!
Thank you for continuing to fight for us.
And we need a wall
Yeah they should have been a priority during the last 8 years
Why are they falling apart? Didn't @TheDemocrats fix the Roads, Bridges and Tunnels remember @BarackObama #ShovelReadyJobs
You had a plan that has been failing us.
Time for Trump to step in and fix problems people like you helped to make.
10 trillion more debt in last 8 years.  Now we need infrastructure in 100 days?  You sir are a walking talking hypocritical joke.
Dems realize that prosperous people are independent voters that value freedom and independence. Socialism will give us Venezuela's misery
What is the bill number of the legislation you are sposoring? Is there one?
No you e been fighting to prove collusion with Russia. How's that working out for ya?
You and Obama had a trillion dollars.  What work on infrastructure was done?  Shovel ready jobs weren't shovel ready, remember?
What about the 'shovel ready' jobs Obama promised Chucky
I think a boarder wall will create jobs and protect the country
Then why the hell haven't you done it in the past 8 years. You are phony sir. Stop playing politics and do something. Pathetic
Can I ask you what happened the last 8 yrs for the first 2 yrs u had a majority all of a sudden these things are Trumps fault really
Where and when was this happening??? All I heard was #resist #protest ?!
first before any tax reform for the rich trump friends
Your kidding, right? You haven't fought for anything. Critical of every move the POTUS makes. Earn you pay, do something, sponsor a bill.
Where were you last 8 yrs? Liar
Why wasn't any of this fixed with the Obama infrastructure bill? Oh yeah, that just went to payoff his lackeys.
The ONLY iceberg you'll ever encounter will be the COLD one your constituents finally show YOU for NOT letting America go forward after HRC!
I haven't heard a single word from Democrats about any of these issues since January 20. All you've done is wrongfully criticize @POTUS!
Chuckles let's not forget the 8 years before the 3 months
I don't understand; Why didn't Obama admin. accomplish these goals over past 8 yrs or during his 1st 4 yrs when Dems had control of House?
BS  it's the first time anyone IN 8 years you bothered to mention. Bet you believe Dems invented the internet too! Dems are senile and liars
Where is this fight happening? In your mind only. Congressional Libs are Obstructionist! 2018 midterms will reduce your ranks even further!
Why did they not fight for that for the past eight years? What the Dems are fighting for is to obstruct a great president & destroy America
Bullshit
Since when do Democrats care about vets and the VA after the way Obama let everything fall apart! Your hypocrisy is clear except to you.
Chucky the Obstructionist!  You do not represent me (thank God) but what you do or don't do does. You arer why we need Term Limits!!!
Why didn't Obama spend on infrastructure rather then waste billions on failed solar companies like Solindra
All I've heard you talk about is Russian conspiracy theories & preventing enforcement of immigration laws with a few fake tears added.
The Russians must be worried you're going to run for President, or there wouldn't be so many propaganda tweets on here.
Really. Because from what I've seen the dems have been fighting against this President at every turn The dem party is hell bent on nothing
Why was this not a problem when pantywaist Obama was in office? Except VA and he said was fixed so must have been to kill more vets
Medicare for All, will also provide more jobs .  Dems need to stand united on this ... Big pharma donors or us.  We are watching the votes
Boy, SenSchumer, lots of bot comments on here!  They forget Congress was GOP for 6 of last 8 yrs.  Keep up the good work!!
Ur a dishonest person. When Dems had majority didn't do anything. Oh wait, Ur only talking last 100 days. Yep, still dishonest. @POTUS
Hey Schmucky all that was supposed to be done w/ the Obama shovel ready money. How much ended up in your bank account?
Funny, we didn't hear you propose any solutions for these things in the last 100.  Put up or shut up 
You had years to fix things. What were you doing then about VA?
please start with the LIRR which is holding riders hostage on a daily basis. DAILY! Please help..
You all have been obstructing and on the edge of treason.
Why not the past eight years??
@SenateDems what have you done with the 20 trillion dollars we are in debt? You are out of touch and pathetic. Term limits 4 U
Stop lying and please stop crying
Chuck your full of shit you screwed the youth of this country giving there future away to the new world order ! Globalization
Liar why didn't you take care of it before, because you were to busy sending money to Iran
A wall is infrastructure, but you don't want to spend money on infrastructure.
A wall is not infrastructure. It's a gigantic testament to stupid ideas.
It's as much infrastructure as roads bridges and PipeLine! 
Hilarious . You've lost Joe six pack. Hail Mary time. What happened to the Russian thing Senator???
You approve an MTA rate hike and the LIRR is a MESS! Taxpayers WILL NOT FORGET!
Funny, I don't remember Dems doing infrastructure projects during Obama's 8 years.  Did you forget the VA scandal? Dems all talk. Just BS
What were you fighting for during Obama's 8 long years, to get Jz at one of your partys
Be honest, tell America who you and the Democrat leaders are. Be honest tell them the truth that you are nothing but COMMUNISTS!
Only when Trump said something did you jump on board like it was your idea
you LIE, if this was true WHY ARE THE VET SUFFER, CREEPY SMUCK  CHUCK
You had 8 years and didnt do shit for anyone. Especially VA
Pity they didn't do it when they were in government Chuckles
