Pray more, Chuck. First Lady Melania said Our Lord's Prayer. Democrats want to impeach! Politicians PAGAN?. U create Violence. God will FIX.
Prayers are real the will help the Holy Spirit heal the ppl body&soul  . .
You're an un-American pos  

Resign
AND YOUR STUPID ASS SANCTUARY CITIES ARE TO BLAME!!!!
Terrorist attack #coverup #timessquare

You only pray for money and power...
Just came in today what do you think folks ?
Oh Chuckie, YOU don't pray...
And you still want to bring more bad people in. Please

Trump's visit to Saudi Arabia and its vital role in renewing the bilateral relationship #RiyadhSummit 
How does this happen?.We don't protect our citizens? Can our Secret Service  do this inTurkey ? What the hell is going on in this country??
Yeehaw,OohRah & Amen @johnronald1515. That is TRUTH,for ur enlightenment, because WE ALL know @SenShumer you are not familiar with THE TRUTH
What about Seth Rich??? Doesn't he deserve justice as well???
A tweet from crying Chucky Cheese Schumer that doesn't blame Prez Trump for something? Shocking!

YOU pray??? I doubt that!
You mean...you Pray?
Yea right
I hope it's not another illegal alien or someone who's been deported 10 times. Either way you got to live with drunk drivers I guess
I read he intended to kill
What prayers Chucky you don't believe in God, you're actually evil....

Maybe you should get to work for your constituents and stop the opioid problem. Provide jobs and mental healthcare for vets etc.
And Obama actually had 2 planes loaded at 3am with $1.7 BILLION CASH & delivered it to people who want us all dead, IRAN

LET THAT SINK IN 
Trump sold us to Putin
Putin is controlling Trump and US
Extreme danger!!!
Sorry to hear about the terrorists in NY, maybe time to assist instead of opposing #GetAGrip
you don't give a shit about any of them, Shmuck Schumer.  You just wanted to know if an illegal or terrorist did it.
SO SAD
Chuck man your a piece of trash. Good news. Your day is coming. Communists pig
How dare you think that you are so important that you have the right to obstruct our president.
Chucky you are a thought less person I hope by now new York picks someone who thinks more about country than himself must get done for all
You Supporter of Savage FALN Unrepentant Terrorist marching on June Puerto Rican parade? Hope not
Thoughts and prayers are with all involved
You pray?  I don't think you even know God
This crap that you and your fellow senators are pulling on this president is by far the most evil thing I've ever seen in government
Phony you have no sincerity at all. Legal immigrants support & pray for Pres Trump. Jealousy, resistant, envy are work of demons.
That's it?!?  @realDonaldTrump tweets and it's a national scandal but Americans get attacked on our own soil and you pray.  WTF @SenSchumer
#fakesincerity
Hate, drunk, terrorist, a crazy or #Schumer clan. NYC PD tops but frequency will get worse. Mayor won't prosecute and may praise killer.
And as for the #DrunkDriver who struck down 20 pedestrians  should face both vehicular homicide and attempted murder charges
Chucky is a , & a puppet does not represent The Republic  with his deception to Americans-you  are a disgrace to the word integrity
Build that Wall Trump
where are your tears,  con artist? Pathetic
Yeah right chuck
It's . About time ! You don't talk about ! My and yours President!
Please-latinos love the  what's wrong with the truth?Comeygate is now alive-he perjured himself with this ghost memo held for 3 months
Great way to run a city, broadway is for driving not walking, and has been for 400 years.
Cars have barely been around for 100 years 
NOT A TERROR ATTACK BECAUSR, NO MUSLIM WAS INVOLVED? A terrorist is one who terrorizes! If this wasn't terrifying ,then, wat was it?
Didn't the mayor of NYC already say DWI wasn't a serious offense?
@SenSchumer what is the deep state blackmailing you with. You are taking our country down.
The driver was a Democrat. He ran over Republicans. Isn't that what you're trying to do?  Schemer = Terrorist.
The standard cliche is "thoughts and prayers" and a complete absence of sincerity.
ChuckSchumer is senior member on the banking committee and big time corporateWelfareBenefitsKing. He coddled refugees.
Crazy Dems! Hard working Taxpayers getting screwed!
What about the DNC worker 27 yr old murdered last year? Not robbery he's had all his valuables?  Was the DNC leak. Guess that was ok?
When do we get serious about multiple DUI/DWI convictions?
#Hypocrite #FakeTears #Schumer wants2destroya #Potus focused on protecting t #Homeland & preserving #Law&Order #ImpeachChuckieCheeseSchumer
Okay the big boys are handling the investigation now so now you people need to get your ass to work
Wanna bet Agent Orange and cohorts were on their knees praying for it to be a terrorist  attack? A shiny object...
That sounds like a very hateful disgusting remark by obvious hateful disgusting person
Your prayers! now that's a laugh.

Hope it wasnt a jihadi or isis like guy
oh stop chuck u don't give a shit about no1 it shows n your actions u would rather attack Trump then work 4 People u represent
Right on. Chuck step down tonight before it's too late. Your the anti Christ bastard... Cancer for you soon chuck
I wonder is this is one of those Lunatics you; Mr. Schumer, didn't want the president to Vet properly before allowing entry into the USA.
Today a  black boy age 6 was kidnapped and murdered in a carjacking by two black men.  He was shot in the head.  You have nothing to say?
You should address the ever increasing violence rate among minorities.
YOU HAVE NO SOUL TO BE PRAYING FOR ANYONE
God be with all that are down at this hour, Jesus show us the way to be better and find sympathy for the ignorant.
There should be an Independent investigation
You only pray that it doesn't hurt you. God doesn't listen when it's selfish.
revealed that he allegedly has not one, but two DUI’s on his record, which suggests this accident could have been caused by just that.
You MUST , NEED, REQUIRED, HAVE TO, CRY in front of cameras!
Prayers are just a waste of time buddy
In your opinion  it's worked for millions of people if you don't believe who cares that's your problem
Yawn. Just like Jack Welch said about you yesterday on CNBC, you used to be a patriot.
NYPD already issued a statement that this tragedy wasn't caused by an act of terrorism. The driver's said 2b from S. Bronx (as per Reuters).
It's kinda a little too late ! This happened hrs ago when you were too busy sending Trump bashing tweets . SMH !
SCHUMER=fraud. Admits never read summary of ACA or offered fixes to ACA in 7yrs.
See donations from BigPharma, Ins.Cos. & he's a hack. WWJD?
Maybe the Russians were involved...
Times Square should be a pedestrian walk.
It already is.
Wow, you sent a tweet not referencing Trump, I'm impressed.
Right! In his effort to appear HUMAN, he forgot!! Already behind closed doors try n 2 figure out how Trump can be blamed! Hypocrite!!
And the Bet who is victim #terrorrismofWar
What- no tears?!?!
Cryin Chuck Schumer weighs in. Thanks buddy.
Deplorable Greg continues being useless. Thanks buddy.
SCHUMER PRAISES COMEY MEMO AS IT CONTRADICTS CONGRESSIONAL TESTIMONY
Former FBI Director Comey committed perjury in Congressional hearing
u have no heart
Don't act like you care.  You are self-serving, and only care about power.  #Pathetic
Says the trump supporter... God you lot are delusional, its like watching Fox News actually lowers IQ´s.
You pray?  I thought you only cried
Of course he does! To the same God Killery prays to, SATAN/LUCIFER, they worship Power/Money.
I thought prayers were no longer enough Chuck.........oh yeah no prayers for people killed by radicals w/ guns.
