Protect Americans Chuck how's that sound.Your as fake as Obamas birth certificate
Oh Chucky. Please don't espouse about MORALS,  as you & the Reps have NONE!
Bad economics? 93 million Americans out of work is bad economics. Priority employment for illegals is bad economics but good for Dem votes!
Consider representing the citizens of these United States.  DACA needs to go.
Obama endgame went afoul. Clinton HAD to win to keep DACA, end investigations, and get strict gun control. Yes, this was up to Congress.

Watch Schumer Vs Schumer - The Greatest Flip Flop Ever On DACA: http://710wor.iheart.com/featured/mark-simone/content/2017-09-12-watch-schumer-vs-schumer-the-greatest-flip-flop-ever-on-daca/#ixzz4sUrhme1x …
Maybe you should have done your job when Dems had a majority, you did nothing then.


CHUCK SCHUMER

Says ending #DACA is heartless…
American are number one
640 billion,  y elf trump let that kind of $  go,  just for racism? He is nutty.
Were you lying then or are you lying now Chuck?
$20Trillion in national debt. You want to talk about economics?
Chuck, it's on you & congress to fix this now.  DACA was going to lose the lawsuit & you know it.  Trump gave 6 months to fix it, so fix it.
It was illegal. Your a Gov Con you fix it
They admit it was always illegal yet said nothing until a U.S.citizen is President again pure Congressional Collusion in my opinion
Drop it
He can't his job is to further the DIVIDE that only exist in IRRELEVANT people's reality.Puppets everywhere
Enough of the propaganda!
If only it was that easy ive tried myself.The country is hypnotized by false reality and propaganda peddlers like CNN
Or could it be a distraction from all the smoke pouring from Mueller's office? Hmm...
and mirrors
Your moral responsibility is help ensure all capabale working americans have jobs that are not taken by ILLEGAL non tax payers!!!
Jeff you know very well the Dems & few Reps have any morals!  :)
PROTECT THAT VOTE SCHUMMY
As usual you still do not have a grasp of the constitution and law. Unfortunate given your position
Sounds like a good idea to me
You must explain "bad economics". It seems like yhere would be more money for vets, police equipment,  homeless ..... lets help Americans
Then why doesn't congress work together to come up with a bill. Instead you pass blame around to everyone else.
Hay chuck is there a dream act for americans born in america..are u just worried about international funding for your party.
Hope you can negotiate with trump about this, give huge wall for DACA & Obama care
Chuck, the Senate never passed the bill. Obama took matter into his own hands.
Hypocrite lying do nothing legislator.
While morales are nice we are a country of laws
Obama’s DACA program was a clear abuse of executive power.
Don't blame Trump
Blame Obama
The moral cost of Liberal Democrat policy is what's devastating. People like you Chucky
Obama's created the problem; you can help fix it
 stop talking - do something positive, for once!
You say that as if there are morals in the white house.
Thank you Sen Schumer!!  You and Nancy show how it's DONE!!!!!!  #ProudDemocrat
the law of the land is not that of moral toward law breakers, if you and ur cronies go to jail, nobody will be devastated. sorry, not sorry
Do you remember BOZO the clown!!!
You know what crying Chuck? You're the biggest pussy in America and every time you open your mouth or tweet it becomes more obvious Up yours
Ha! You lecturing on morals...funny. 
Kind of like abortion ah
Morals? I am laughing so hard! This from those that put mans laws above Gods Word, then chooses which laws to use because they are not fair?
Get off Twitter and start doing your job. You have 6 mnths to ding a solution. Old Chuckie boy  tick tock
With Wide Spread fraud in DACA Program How do U know who is Real & who isn't?? OR do U Really care?? @TheDemocrats
Why aren't u passionate about ending abortion, and save millions of innocent babies who would b dreamers. Ur nothing but a hypocrite.
They broke the law!
You mean #DemsProtectIllegals
Then change the law not making up Obama illegal laws
so work on legislation with your colleagues in congress to make it legal for Dreamers to become citizens.  What's the issue here?
Moral cost? Well Obama should have thought about THAT when he was promising something that wasn't his to give. Another Exec Order - POOF!
Again fear mongering write a law! Illegals b4 citizens
allowing an unconstitutional executive order to stand would be a greater cost to our Republican form of government Clown
DACA isn't ended! Stop lying pls. Do your job! You have 6 months to prove you really want to help them!
What moral cost comes with enforcing US law? Clarity comes. Indecision is vanquished. Equal plying field for all non-citizens. Equality.
Chuck....He's not choosing to end it. He's choosing to let congress make it permanent law. Stop spreading hate.
Not sure how saving the tax payers 54.5 billion a year is bad economics.
It's clear to us in the middle that this mess has been caused by a spineless congress, if you want a law then make it.
So get to work and pass a bill! Aren't u in Congress?????
guess what chucky my kids are citizens and dreamers too. But let's more hell and high water for illegals. POS you make me sick!
Enforcing our laws & keeping his oath of office to support & protect our Constitution, trumps your stated concerns regarding DACA.
You are the cause for this you should have already done something
You know nothing about morality.
Your numbers are never right.
Thats nuts Chucky. Be honest and tell everyone you hate our own U.S Dreamers.
Someone smarter than me, includes most, please tell me how DACA affects our economy especially if only 800K. I am at a loss to understand.
Mr Schumer. Do your job and this is done. Your talking points don't make since when you and congress can change it. You just have to work.
Taxpayers supporting illegals is very bad economics
#BuildtheDamnWall #NoDACA #NoAmnesty #FastTrack #LegalImmigration #Assimilate
In one time basis, for already vetted Dreamers, give them all US Citizenship cards TODAY! It's not that hard!  
Pimping good students killing opportunities for tax payers' kids
Are you even an American, Chuck?
Not bad economics.. as @PressSec announced there are 4Mill unemployed citizens waiting to take Dreamers jobs who've used fake docs to steal

CHUCK SCHUMER

Says ending #DACA is heartless…
No, this will only happen if Congress allows it to. Address the immigration problems in the legislative where it belongs. Go to work
Obama was wrong and it's your problem.  BTW you swore to uphold the Constitution.
You're right, knowing that Obama and the #DEMS willfully violated the law is quite morally devastating.
However, the cost to the integrity and worthiness of our Constitution is immeasurable when an unconstitutionally enacted policy is allowed
Complaining isn't the answer Chucky. Propose real solutions or shut up! You're elected to legislate so go do it! #MAGA or get outta the way!
remember what you did to the carried interest law back in 2006/07, the Democrats needs a new leadership!!
Taking care of them LEGALLY is the RIGHT thing to do!
It's immoral not to enforce our laws you have been immoral for a long time
So . . . Let's put the blame where it belongs: 1) Obama, and 2) You, the Congress.
Bad economics is paying you to sit on your butt and talk about Republicans do your job
I find it very sick, that a lawmaker, can equate upholding our laws as immoral or cruel?  U should resign your office, U betray your oath!
If only you comprehended economics, Chuck.  If only...
Stop twitting and start writing a law
Chuckles, you're right. The moral cost of DACA is devastating on our Constitution and our rule of law.
No having millions spent on non citizens who disrespect our laws is worse.
Why not give them a free pass your is good for helping illegal Not American wake up be a man do what right stop being a hypocrite 
With no adherence to the law and the US Constitution, supporting this policy is a violation of your oath of office.
The ONLY clear thing is that ending DACA upsets Dem plans to try to swell voter registration in future, via quid pro quo.
DO YOUR F'ING JOB !!!
Then move them to NY
Chuck, you're full of crap
You can count on @TheDemocrats to be loyal, to their own best interests! They're morally & ethically bankrupt! #DACA 
Stay strong in the opposition and resistance!
Well this moral obligation is officially on you and congress! The real questions will be if Schumer is moral?
Your hysteria is hysterical carry on
Broken record Chuck
The moral cost of allowing u 2 continue in Congress is excruciating. YOU FAILED #DREAMers. Step down & allow another who WANTS TO WORK 4 US
Dreamers was last week topic ..how about tax cuts ?
HOW...?  What about Americans?  Why aren't you Dems EVER concerned about us. That's what's immoral & bad economics.
Moral cost?  Of enforcing our laws?  Imagine giving amnesty and not building a wall to secure the border.  Dog whistle to illegals to come
Don't you feel dirty, Chuckles, having allowed Obama to trick the Dreamers this way, and then send them home to a country that needs them?
Why aren't you tweeting what the Pres. Told you and Nancy Pelosi yesterday?! He said they don't have anything to worry about. He wants a law
Because that would be honest.  Right Chuck?
Houston is struggling with a disaster, Irma headed to S. Fla & you are focused on DACA! Where are the tears?
Crying Chuck only turns them on for the camera and illegals.
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTING AND DO YOUR JOB CHUCK

WE THE PEOPLE ARE PAYING AND YOU & CONGRESS HAVE DONE NOTHING CONSTRUCTIVE FOR 8 YRS!
Funny you should talk about morals. You have none
You simply cannot expect Trump or Admin to make moral decisions. Russian puppets and stooges.
Chucks why did you let Obama put this illegal bill pass
Morals don't make money, that's all @POTUS cares about.
They didn't get deported before Daca and prolly won't get deported now unless they commit crimes. No resources. Chill out, Schoo.
But right is right. Don't you agree?
Schumer talking about morality. That's just so hypocritical
It's also true that the law is to be upheld. They should have plenty of time to get citizenship.
Did you forget this//
The moral cost is what's actually important. Not that they are worth money.
What moral cost?  Who PROMISED them anything?
Your numbers r bad again Chuck
You should be run out of America for violating our Constitution and Laws. You were against DACA in the past you two faced liar.
So opening border and letting anyone over populate the nation is good economics? when is it time to set immigration rules?whenWELookLikeChi
TRUMP is the only one protecting them you dirt bag. Now they have a chance to be legal
So... it's ok to break the law to make more money or if it makes you feel badly?
You will have your chance after Congress acts.. do it the right way... The legal way. Obama broke the law.. where's the outcry from the #MSM
You need to put that hat on to when u go outside sir.
Crying Chuck..Stop with the hair on fire fear tactic! You know they have not been affected...and furthermore won't be! Focus on reality pls!
November 6, 2018 vote them out!!
Chuck Cares More About Illegals Than Americans
Analysis | White House claims ‘dreamers’ take jobs away from blacks and Hispanics. Here’s the truth.
not what you said a few years ago chuckie. nice to see another democrat flip flop when you need voters to win elections
800,000 vs 365,000,000 is hardly "bad economics".  Morality vs the law, I'll take the law.
U should have changed the law in 2006 when u ran ur mouth to Wapo that the illegals needed to stop.
We have no moral or financial obligation to illegal immigrants!
Never see or hear that type of concern for poor Americans or homeless vets, no wonder Congress is so dysfunctional.
Now is your chance Senator - stand up be counted and vote
Do your job and pass comprehensive immigration reform. No shortcuts
Quit whinning !  Get to work!  Border wall, tax reform, Kate's law, repeal/replace Obama care, infrastructure,  EARN that paycheck!
If our Government leaders would stop with the flip flop politics and really work for what they believe in, our country would be better off.
@realDonaldTrump I would actually respect @BarackObama if he came out and said he was wrong to illegally put DACA in by Exec Ord.
After you solve the issue of DACA, this can NEVER happen again. ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION.
Then do your job, legislator.   Fund the wall.  Stop the future breach.  Stop the incentives.  Then deal with those here.  Do it!!!
Immigration reform 
Pass a f%$##ing bill
Do your job 
Do you want Trump governing by executive order
What do you do all day
Schumer do your job! Hramt them legal status! Stop using them as pawns in your disgusting game!
Well then why did you let it happen? Obama is totally to blame for this one. Trump is doing the right thing sending it back to Congress.
We know daca was bad cuz the Dems support it.dems sad cuz illegal votes are being exposed.
Cryin Chuck, still cryin. Get to work.
Get over it. FIX IT n quit running your mouth. Do what You were elected to do.
It's devastating 4 American Tax Payers as we watch @TheDemocrats give away R hard earned dollars to #IllegalAliens & drive our prison costs
THE DEMOCRATS DON'T CARE ABOUT YOUR DREAMS OR MY DREAMS - ONLY THE DREAMS OF FOREIGN NATIONALS, REFUGEES AND ILLEGAL ALIENS.
So fix it!  Do your job!  Quit ignoring immigration problems and get a bipartisan agreement
Right on Chuck!
It was an illegal act stop your play acting it is congresses job to make law not president
Keep up the good work Senator Schumer!  Thank you for all of your efforts!!

Check your history. Between 1865 and 1935 the parties switched platforms. Lincoln was a Republican. Remember the Emancipation Proclamation?
THE @POTUS #PROTECTSAMERICANS OVER ILLEGAL ALIENS.   VOTE GOP IN 2018.
BS it's unconstitutional Chuckie.


The constitutional cost is bad too.
SOME OF US ARE OUT OF WORK AND US CITIZENS - GLAD YOU ARE CONCERNED WITH ILLEGAL ALIENS OVER US VETERANS WHO ARE UNEMPLOYED.  #AMERICAFIRST

Tfw democrats talk about economics
So what are you doing to protect them? Actual steps please...
Keep up the good work, Senator !
