Chairman Pai has bucked the calls of everyday Americans for #NetNeutrality, prioritizing the demands of big cable & ISPs.
What's new you always vote no! Un American!!
That's because you're a no man anything the Republicans want you say no even if it's the right thing to do
Thank you Senator Schumer. We need you to vote NO
But what if we end up with one of Trump's Lackeys?
Smuckmer you vote against everything pro America
Yes, and I'm looking forward to your losing the vote.
Thank you! Psi & Gop want to kill internet as we know it to benefit corp & donor class who make money off access.
They want to silence us.
Thank you Senator Schumer! Support Title II, preserve net neutrality
Chuck you are an awesome Senator give Trump Hell!
Anything to screw over the American people. After all. What was it, Israel's spiritual leader said about America? Oh, that's right!
Will it resound enough to make 50 more of you vote no as well?
@SenateMajLdr Home Sweet Home is waiting Not so Gently #DitchMitch2020 Dirty Business in the Light of Day will #DitchMitch2020 @GOP @POTUS
NO sounds like the correct response.
Thank you Senator!
You will lose again.
Thanks
can you vote the senate maj leader out as well?
#Contest2016Election
Health care premiums $1300 a month. Thanks for nothing.
Pai will destroy the ability of small buisness startups to have equal treatment when it comes to internet service. Vote NO! @RandPaul
He's already done that.
If you vote no, it must be good.
Chair Pai MUST GO! Americans have overwhelmingly made their voices heard & he ignores us and supports the interests of companies! @SenCapito
Time for us to call Senators and force him out. Remember the Congress represents the People but only when we enough of us YELL & Show up
Thank you from a fellow new yorker
@FCC is no longer protecting consumers from cable corporate abuse instead it protects the cable telecommunications companies
Thank you for doing this. I wish more people understood what is at stake here.
I would vote a resounding no on you...wish I could
Sadly Gop sitting senators do not play by the rules. They know how to cheat the system and no one has the balls to stop them.
It's up to People to Stop them.We've managed to stop ACA replacement Massive # of us have to Call & Write & Show up in person. It's hard wrk
Ajit Pai needs to be investigated, he's on the take!
I agree. There's no other reason for him to be siding with huge Corporate Providers
What a surprise! #useless #DrainTheSwamp
I wish your constituents did as well.
of course you will, you’re nothing but an obstructionist. Why though? Why not do what best for the USA. That tax plan is solid. Vote yes.
Of course Chuckie all y'all are obstructionist
Good!
You are such a good judge of character. He was confirmed unanimously by the United States Senate on May 7, 2012
thank you. Please get this man out of any position of authority #NetNeutrality #FirePai
Thank you, Senator.
He's awful.
Good! Get rid of the Obama appointees.

A NO brainer.
And we will vote for term limits on congress
No. He allowed trumpf's tv stations!!!!!
Vote his sorry ass out
What's the alternative?
Good.
Pai will destroy the ability of small buisness startups to have equal treatment when it comes to internet service. Vote NO! @SenJohnMcCain
Pai will destroy the ability of small buisness startups to have equal treatment when it comes to internet service. Vote NO! @lisamurkowski
No! No no no no no HELL NO!
Well there’s a surprise chuckie. #Backtoworksenator
Why? Is he not a member of "The Tribe"?
Guess they didn't pay you enough democrap hypocrite
OBSTRUCTOR!

No shit. You will vote no for every republican thing that comes up then piss & moan how the republicans won't work with you.
Then we should all vote yes
.@SenSchumer.  Yes!  Vote no  thank you
Another leach on the throat of American citizens - planted by Trump
Not surprised. The entire Dem agenda is to obstruct and defy Trump. Can't wait until the next election to get you out of there.
Of course you will.
Schocker
Isn't net neutrality actually about censorship?     Your resounding no probably means Pai is good for the country!!!!
An Indian-American FCC commissioner “...appointed by President Obama and confirmed unanimously by the United States Senate in May 2012”
Being a Democrat you never vote for anything
Do your thing Chuck, but PLEASE make it a resounding HELL NO!
I agree!  But what did Dems do in 16 years of Clinton and Obama to reverse GOP anti-democratic rule changes on fairness and consolidation?
They worked hard to implement Net Neutrality?

The fairness doctrine is never coming back. That horse is long gone, bro.
I do agree that industry consolidation is a major problem. Our anti-trust laws need CPR.
That's the right vote. I give you hell sometimes so I offer you praise this go round. Well done! Pai is doing broadband comps bidding!
FUCK NFL and you
Well imagine that, Senator Obstructionist disagreeing with anything proposed by a republican.  Way to reach across the aisle
Schumer learn the word "yes " instead of being an negative old man !!
Stupidity shows every time you open your clap trap mouth
Surprise. Your not doing anything for America. You and the rest of the libs resisting are anti American #termlimits
America, start calling!
get busy get the tax cuts approved we need this.
No one is surprised. All you know is the word "NO"
Have to get rid of this guy...he is part of the evil of this government!!!
Yes! ...........Get that corrupt freak out of there
we no your a no because your communist party are always a no 
Because you are a party hack.
@USWomenVeterans @AmericanFamAssc .......good grief.....you'd probably be right if you said the last time Schumer VOTED YES WAS UNDER OBAMA!
TY he's bought.
If Schumer says N ! Ajit Pai has got to be a stellar American & patriot! Not like Schumer the Democrap who has no clue over right or wrong!!
#FakeNewsSchumer
Thank you for voting no.
Please resign. Your negativity isn’t appreciated
Thanks.

Pai is worthless
YES!
Thank you, Senator Schumer.
What do your constituents want, do you ever ask?
Everything I know about the Dems’ FCC Strategy I read in Kim Strassel’s “Intimidation Game”. Not pretty.
good, thank you.
Heck ya esp after the broadband pass of selling consumer info approved by @AjitPaiFCC ! Vote him out!
Schumer's salary was $3.4 million in 2011. Wonder what it is today. Overpaid Fat Cat.
Thank you
I have to say Chuck Schumer what are you good for? the answer is absolutely nothing!
Thank you for your vote of NO. A Pai appointment would be the end to Net Neutrality limiting our internet freedom.
You know Chuck voted YES IN 2012 right?
Because you're Anti-American...

And so shld all your colleagues. NO on Pai. Corrupt plutocrat, like the rest of them.
Why didn't you get your hush money funds? Quit acting like your all that! Your NOT! Get over yourself! #UnImportant #irrelevant #IGNORAMOUS
SHOCKER!
Explain how Net Neutrality harms you personally and how eliminating it will personally benefit you. Please. Eighteen me.
Of course I will. U vote no on everything!
here are some more no's
no Democrats will gain seats in the Senate.
No,you will never be majority leader.
no,more Libs on Scotus for decades
Ty Sir!
Thank u! He's only working for AT&T, Comcast and Verizon - I can't imagine how much $ he personally receives to try & quash net neutrality.
Maybe @AGSchneiderman should take a look at spectrum cause it is up to something.
Thank u, Senator S.
Thanks
This guy is a Trump fraudster. Slanting communications toward alt-right 4 propaganda driven communication rights 4 Sinclair Network & affil.
Can he Be Fired in 2018 / 2020 ? Because We The People are SICK of Getting RAPED
Can I just say we need to look at Spectrum? There's something screwy when you tag koch alec rdjt russia, not kidding. It's too consistent.
Chucky vote your ass out to, Pretty please.
As usual; THE PEOPLE'S OBSTRUCTOR.
Can't wait to vote you out buddy!
Lol! You're never getting Schumer out, Chief.
Of course you are.  You are a divider  fake tears
Oh the party of no" yeah no crap, you don't have to be the amazing Kreskin to figure out what you're going to do senator
I feel the same about you.....
Zzzzzzzzz. Don't want to show any inconsistency on your part.
you mean you are not voting for another @BarackObama failure, wow I am shocked
Love you Senator Schumer!
Barf
SENATOR YOUR OPINION IS OF HIGH VALUE! I'M SURE YOU HAVE YOUR REASON!
Par for the course, obstructionist.
Are you paid per tweet?
Oh yes, Dim Bot. Vladamir Putin sends me a certified check for each tweet.
You're certainly not earning it!!
Dude, you'll do anything your handlers say @SenSchumer
I'm with you Senator.
Were you with Chuck in 2012 when Obama appointed him and Chuck voted YES ?
Yeah, Obama clearly made a mistake in attempting to be bi-partisan. Won't make that mistake again.
Who cares Chuck u r a party hack. Your days r numbered
