Like you give a shit!!
People are dying...w/ o dialysis, w/ o chemo, w/ o drinking water, w/ o communication s, w/o antibiotics...but "it's a good news story"...
NOTICE HOW THE CON MAN HAS OPENED HIS CHECK BOOK TO PUERTO RICO LIKE HE DID FOR THE RED STATE TEXAS AND FLORIDA!!
Now those dying homeless in NYS

VOTE OUT ALL GOP Reps sabotaging ACA, supporting muderous tax plan, & not impeaching Corrupt Trump Pence
No one has forgotten about them. What the heck r u talking about. It was a hurricane that wiped out everything. Will take time. Stop lying.
@SenSchumer tell that to @POTUS the Dotard
You do nothing to stop the media lies. You do nothing to say you support the good WH response. You don’t really care.
Tax cuts, Dreamers, Puerto Rico, and Virgin Islands. Did our own hit with hurricanes take a back seat? Drifted off the news it seems.
Why is their no coverage of Virgin Islands??? @cnn @msnbc
You also cannot forget you can use this against Trump.
What sort of vile scumbag using PR tragedy to try and score some political points? Who..you ask? It's Lyin Chucky Schumer.
Put your readers on your eyes all the way and read what is going on down there, then do something for them.
Y'all have forgotten everyone outside of the upper echelon. Stop pandering for votes
doesn't seem to be much of an issue for don and company.
or you
We haven't what have you done
Nobody is forgetting them, but you sure are making them think so.
Who's Forgetting? Let's also Acknowledge that PR is Rife with Corruption.
Can you explain to everyone which disaster zone you want to pull resources from, Texas or Flotida
#cholera now - this is shameful

it's a US territory ffs - we can't even take care of our own?

taxes can wait
"not forget" is a pretty low bar.
Can we get a little more outrage Chuck??!! Your tweets are too PC.
Who is forgetting Chuck?  What is wrong with you - other than you whine and complain constantly AND ACCOMPLISH NOTHING FOR THIS COUNTRY!
We agree, @SenSchumer, but how aggressive with @realDonaldTrump has Congress been in getting humanitarian aid to #PuertoRico? People have been suffering while the so-called @POTUS has issued one excuse after another. Finally, there is movement, but is it too little too late?
Get educated
I like your  humble character.
lol
I will try to get there government wasn't so corrupt and taking their money they have some sort of inner structure already there
Don't think anyone has forgotten yet.
Trump may go through the motions of acting like he cares but he doesn't. Just doing what he thinks the people need to see and hear.
No we cannot and we must not
Blah Blah Blah!!!!
No one's forgetting it, Chuck, despite your obvious efforts to distort the facts to align with your hysterical liberal agenda.
Chuck are you going to go down there to help out with Trump on Tuesday or are you going to sit it out in your comfortable office & obstruct?
What do you think Trump is going to do ?? Great crowds , have fun everyone!!!!! Smh
trump should worry more about dying PR citizens than kneeling football players.
Trump has bigger things to worry about like the NFL/jacking off in the bathroom while on Twitter/winnning his dick measuring contest with NK
Yard disgusting Pig
Please help our people in Puerto Rico, we must Unite!
Go help out Fake Tears Chuckie. Take the rest of the Dems with you. 
Greatly appreciated
There is no airport, it's been destroyed. Only way in is ships. That takes time, it's not like an iPhone and everything, happens like puff
And we won't forget that trump didn't respond for 7 days.
No one is forgetting them chuck, you are trying to score cheap political points with another FAKE narrative & cooperation from the MSM
Ole chucky is a workin that vote. Pimpin dat free stuff.
then do something about it!
Why don't you give some of your own personal money? Makes me wonder how many of Congress donated money to Harvey and Irma victims! Must give
The world is watching us. If we can't work together to help our own citizens, who can we help? Actions speak louder than words.
Well what are you doing to help?  Handing out water? Yeah, didn't think so!
It's about time you reacted.  Who woke you up???
So tell us Senator, what are you personally and your party in particular doing for the PR Island?  Have you rebuild the infrastructure yet?
A friend’s father died tonight in PR due to lack of medical care.  We have to help them NOW.
@realDonaldTrump  help more
Seems like the only ones forgetting the devastation are the members of the federal government. @realDonaldTrump forgot Maria & PR for 5 days
Get to work. Volunteer. Make yourself useful for a change.
So what are you doing about it aside from tweeting?
What about this Alfa Bank guy being confirmed to head up DOJ criminal division???? How can justice be served???
Whose forgetting?  Be specific? You got our attention. Talk
What are we doing able it? Push to get something done! Puerto Ricsns ARE AMERICAN CITIZENS!
Apparently Trump can.
Don't forget when you criticize DJT for help to PR it's 1000 miles from Miami, and the roads are ruined. EVERYTHING has to be flown in.
3.5 million in need vs. 500 families that would benefit from the abolishment of the estate tax. #PuertoRico #VirginIslands  #TaxReform
We have not. US Army, Air Force, Navy, Marine Corps, is on site. (Hmmmmm, wonder how much the Clinton Foundation is giving to help?)
Trump can...
Agreed WE cannot forget the utter devastation that DT an his administration r doing 2 this US as a whole taxes HC spending an corruption
sigh  ...master of the obvious - stayed up all night thinking that one up did ya?
People r thirsty
People r dying in #PuertoRico
Young babies crying 4 formula
Elderly dying alone
#AirDropsinPuertoRico
#NationalPoetryDay
Send the navy USS America and Amphibious assault vehicles
Amphibious recovery
STFU Chuckie, Trump has it under control!
And guess what?! We're not!  Chuck Schumer everybody! Let's here it 4 Chucky! Give him a hand! Clap clap clap. Poster boy 4 bad politicians!
Why don’t you get off your comfy chair and help them and work together for a change....what a concept that could be
2) Airdrops could be used to distribute the needed supplies to inaccessible areas. Vehicles can be airlifted in to aid in the distribution
1) I am old enough to remember the Berlin Airlift vividly. We now need a Puerto Rico Airlift, to deliver essential food, water and supplies.
Where is our national guard, C17s, Chinooks, trucks,
Thousands of containers docked but no way to distribute. No drivers roads blocked etc.
#lyingchuckschumer trying to keep stuff stirred up!
They are being helped. At least I know one person that took care of it. What about you chuck
Why are you saying this. Supplies are there. Military on ground and problem is roads not good to move supplies. You only want to make 45 bad
Waiting for you to send in your million....Schumer!!
Rebuilding will take time There is no magic wand for this 2x hurricane catastrophes So cut the politics Schumer
Stop the emotional pandering for Hispanic vote USA just bailed PR out with $73 billion and we will rebuild PR, Texas Florida + VI
Trump had forgotten about them.  Most of them are not white!
What is the purpose of your whining about PR. Watch the news and listen to your peers. Be constructive vs divisive.
did you send any of you're millions to them and why not?
Just help them please.  Stop the nasty, hateful politics. Those people are more important then your hate for Trump.  Help Puerto Rico!
Then why is trump putting business(Jones act) before citizens! Trump is unfit to be President!!!!!!!!!!!!
Another bail out for time to cut this island loose . Nothing but massive debt .
Have u flown down there yet?
If you are relying on the press for your information maybe you need to ask the gov. of Puerto Rico. He said things are going good.
We must demand aid, debt relief & a real recovery package for Puerto Rico, home to 3.4M US CITIZENS! RED FL & TX GOT 1st CLASS TREATMENT!
No one is forgetting them! Remember Texas & Florida also!
Puerto Rico is behind 25yrs in their infrastructure/where did their money go?
Corruption incompetence mismanagement! The people of Puerto Rico knew this 4 25yrs!
When r u going 2 visit?
Let stir the pot against Trump-UR disgraceful
So Chuckie what are you on the rich Democrats are doing about it? Have you started your foundation yet?
Nobody is forgetting anything Mr. Schumer!!
Get some of your welfare bums down there to drive the trucks and take a break lying to your sheep about a tax cut that WE NEED! Stop the BS
Then Congress needs to send their private planes
There you go again Chuck... bloviating!
Huge problem !
Then why do you keep blocking POTUS from doing the right thing?
You know how to spend the taxpayers money but NEVER your own! Is that how politicians get richer and the working class gets poorer?
Yep!
We are not Clown Boy
More crocodile tears Chucky?
CHUCK, we are aware and working with in the laws, something you and your cohorts forget about.
The Republicans  DonaldTrump don't care about Puerto Ricans two weeks later and still dragging their feet is just unconscionable behavior
such bs - you dont even know what youre talking about
What are you doing, you tweet more than the POTUS.  At least he is getting things done when your not obstructing.
Lip service doesn't help them. I haven't heard 1thing from u as to how ur going to help them. U and McCain just complain but do nothing
Amen to that!
Just shut up Schumer. Your a hypocrite!!!!!
Not with you reminding everyone every fifteen minutes.
they do not pay federal taxes
What happened to making America great again or does dunce doesn’t know Puerto Rico  is part of USA
FEMA and administration have been awesome through these disasters. Dems and media have been waiting to pounce on something...anything
Isn’t Puerto Rico ran by democrats?
Thought You were sitting there trying to figure out tax reform?
Who's forgotten about them Chuck? POTUS sure hasn't! Get off your high horse & stop obstructing!!
We haven't, ass.
Brother and sister Puerto Rican americans BLOOD is on @POTUS hands. How can the governor keep saying everything is ok. Then we see all those shipping containers sitting there. Remember all those helicopters from Harvey where are they? Military is capable of fixing this quick.
really?  explain exactly how you think it should be done brainiac
Keep yelling this. Maybe trumpsters will hear!!
@senschuner Are people really being charged full fares to be evacuated????????
9500 cargo containers of aid for Puerto Rico stuck in Port, no way to get news to truck drivers to distribute the aid. What you do?
Waiving the #JonesAct for 10 days is not long enough. Min of 1yr. Pls fight for #PuertoRicoRelief @SenKamalaHarris @SenFeinstein
President Trump is doing a wonderful job responding to the devastation in Puerto Rico. I love President Trump.
And now that the men and women of the military or down there helping out while the NFL is going to disrespect him in upcoming games
Utter nonsense/Puerto Rico was behind their infrastructure for 25years and Puerto Rico did nothing / why? Where did their go??
The waive of the Jones Act for 10 days is not enough. Have them extend or get rid of it 4ever! 
What are you doing to stop this charging of US citizen's to be evacuated!! I am outraged and what will you do to bring attention and stop it!!!!!!!!!!
oh stop it and get the facts

If you are a black or brown you can be forgotten by this president. Become unnecessary for his agenda of lies.
Your rhetoric is utter ignorance on your part ! He didn't discriminate helping people/ your the racist & should be ashamed of yourself/
Chuck likes to act like he really cares as he sits and reminds you of what is all over the news anyway. Way to work Captain Obvious'
After this you MUST make a call for PR to join the Union -- they do not pay Federal tax.
Why didn#t you also add that they pay no income taxes?
Stop virtue signaling and obstructing and actually do something then.
Then get off your ass and do something other than TALK.
Trump's charging evacuees $ to evacuate & threatening to take passports?!? This is not normal!
Word is everyone in Ponce hospital is dead! Where is our government!
Where's Puerto Rico government is the question! They were behind in their infrastructure for 25yrs/ where did their money go?!
Ok, so no one is forgetting them n supplies R there. Cuomo is there on NYers TAX $. He should stay home & use $2 send supplies n Nat Guard
It's outrageous what Trump has done.  Impeach without delay.
Why don't you get your rear end over there and help instead of complaining about it
You need to do more.
If you're so worried Chuck, get your lazy ass down to PR AND USVI and help!
Why did #45 wait so long? I believe it's the color of their skin; please correct me if I'm wrong.
The dumbest tweet ever
The Senate needs to get busy doing their own part... quit obstructing Schumer
Nobody's forgetting anyone @SenSchumer. If you talked to the governor of Puerto Rico he will tell you @POTUS is doing a great job.  #hater
Focus a bit in the hole state of yours! NY is a dump thanks to you and all your friends corruption !  Worst state in the nation 
How about you get legislation to repeal Jones act that been filling union coffers for years with discrimination of US citizens
what change you mind chucky, you always voted to not have them as a state.
Sure we can.. not enough to go thru the HE** they have.... now hand over your passport & pay your own way over?and THEY are US citizens-wow
@realDonaldTrump  Chuck your trying to create a known problem worst why dont you help instead of divide
He is too busy partying
Imagine 2 historic hurricanes in the US and then in Puerto Rico Mr. Schumer has da gall to say Trump isnt acting quickly enough. C'mon Chuck
America keeps trying to forget you, Chuckie. However, here you are. See, you just can't forget terrible. Stop being ignorant.
Duh
No problem Chuckle, POTUS has it covered!
#TrumpHelpPuertoRicoNOW
The utter what ?
And who says that we will or that we have there are  challenges that are being met you know it cut the crap
if only the US Senat could do something for Americans.. but wait it can...
No and you should not forget the devastation you dems caused for 325 million Americans known as Obamacare
@maddow  @MaddowBlog  @cnn @GOP ITS OUTRAGEOUS! 9K CONTAINERS SIT AT PR ports?  The head of FEMA HAS SHD BE FIRED!
THE WH excuse communication breaks? We r the greatest power in the world n we cdnt help these ppl In a timely manner!! Trump IS NO LEADER
P. Ricans are P. Ricans 365 days a yr
Have their own National P. Rican Day Parade up 5th Av. in NYC
Now in extreme need, they're US citizens
Hey butthead help is going over everyday. Maybe if showed up for work u would know.
Nobody is FORGETTING; everyone is sending everything available to help them. Stop with the FAKE NEWS and start helping out yourself!
Yes I know this, just tired of hearing how the President is doing nothing because it's Puerto Rico. That's not fair.
It's all lies by democrats/ President Trump is doing a fantastic job as well as Fema to help Puerto Rico/
We are not. The President waived the Jones Act and is visiting them on Tuesday. FEMA has been working nonstop to help get power back.
Chuck Schumer, master of the obvious.
Unless you’re @realDonaldTrump! #BigBabyD
What about Texas Chuck. Did u forgot about the people I Texas still hurting? And Florida.
Been almost a week since you mentioned Texas or Florida
A good way to NOT forget Puerto Rico's devastation & the pain of 3.5 million Americans is to forgive Puerto Rico's debt. #ForgivePRDebt
We agree
As you sit in the swamp doing nothing
As usual!
@POTUS @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @DNC @GOP I challenge do nothing rich Schumer and Pelosi to match Trumps $1 mil dollar hurricane donation
You still matchmaking? Get back to work! A very angry constituent
How about proposing statehood for an incorporated  PR & USVI. The time is right now.
No one forgetting them. boots on ground, FEMA there, POTUS involved. Congress  needs 2 give Dept of Defense authority to supervise!
Keep subject in http://forefront.You  have power; WH response too slow.Keep doing what you are doing,sir.Our voices are with you.
Sorry, White House was not too slow. The Dems are trying to catch up
Whats State Depart planning on this? It's in discussions means they wnt 2 see if they can get away with it on massive scale & not get caught
Do not let the administration charge Puerto Ricans for transport to the mainland.
No one is
I suggest you get off your butt and volunteer or donate to hurricane relief of $1 million like Trump did
In 8 yrs. of hurricanes, obama didn't have the balls to waive the Jones Act.
Trump did this a.m.
Now, there's a true, spectacular President.
What have you been doing?
Interesting websites you visit!
Don't like this one?  Would you prefer I post the other 5 national publications that have posted the story.  Do you prefer a more conservative slant? or are you a liberal? although i have to say none of them are taking much of a stance, just stating what is occurring.
nobody has forgotten
But you don't care about the millions of AMERICANS who are going to DIE this year because they can't pay their deductible because of ocare
We cannot forget to give middle class Americans DOUBLE the tax credit, $12k extra for couples and extra child credit, #taxplan
#Helicopters!!! Helicopters!!!!
Got ya pander machine cranked up, Senator? Nobody is forgetting  PR or VI. Haven't seen you comment on Sen Menendez. Will you give support?
It’s ok. He was busy this weekend
Did you know Trump is forcing people to pay full cost of transportation including taking their passports
