W/ the Russia probe, Dir Comey felt that there was enough potential evidence that a special counsel was warranted. The contrast is telling.
(1) Yet he stated that @POTUS was not under investigation. I'm sure if no guts Comey could have found evidence he would have investigated.
Can we have president Comey. America would be better
Are you on crack or acid maybe. Hillary Clinton broke the law and belongs in prison along with Berry Obama. Fact they are both evil.
Not his call! That belongs to the AG, who was already working to protect & clear Hillary. Those are the facts. #
Right another lie from you
Sounds like Comey, Clinton, Lynch collusion.  Let's investigate! You're really not thinking straight.  I'm concerned.
A special counsel wasn't requested and the FBI doesn't have the authority to prosecute. They investigate and hand over to DOJ to decide.
Bullshit. Loretta is up shitcreek with no paddle. Her and Comey better lawyer up.
Shut up Chuck! Ur incompetence is stunning! #RussiaHoax #Dem#Exit #Sorosbuddie #NeoNaziParty
And George W Bush destroying millions. Give me a break. Don't detract from this investigation. #HYPOCRITES
Why don't you get to fixing the trains and stop wasting tax money on these operas
Pay attention, your party is in chaos! Comey is incompetent and you all make POTUS look better and better each day!
The republican party helped the Russians cheat Hillary out of the election!  It is sad that 45 is willing to claim win when it is not true!
Lies
I wish to testify 
Before the U S COBGRESS. Please arrange pick up plane 
U S REVENUE PLANNER. 
U S PEOPLE'S REPRESENTATIVE
#JamesComey is a #Leaker, he previously testified he wasn't, Comey's got some splaining to do. So do you for wasting our time and money
You are delusional because you know she belongs in jail

The fact that you feel the need to say that speaks volumes of the political state we are in.Sad! 50 investigations by hostile GOP w no crime
You really think we, the people, are that stupid.  Some clearly are, but most are not.
Your all nuts and your ruining this Country! Go away @SenSchumer
Oh Lord, that is so not true, her, Lynch and a litany of others Clinton keepers are being investigated still , get a grip man
Resign you lPOS
Dr Mosley U S COBGRESS People's Rep
REVENUE PLANNER
BLOC VOTE. I. S. P. I need to testify in Congress. Bout. RAS
The contrast is not telling ask your fellow senator mccain
U r part of FAKE NEWS, that is NOT how he stated it! He stated Lynch did not want him to call it an INVESTIGATION, rather MATTER. @FoxNews
It  is over, Chuck . People need jobs ,help or get out of the way
Maybe after seeing what has happened to so many in cross hairs of the Clintons that don't Play Ball, he didn't want to end up the same way.
#DennisMontgomery
#SethRich
#DrainTheSwamp
Bwahahahahahahaha
He knew HRC had no bad intent. I call BS.
Oh COMEY good boy on this one right chucky? You're so ridiculously pathetic
He had no authority to make that determination!!! Why are you lying ?
McCain lost my respect in the hearing. I believe he deliberately set out to discredit Comey and conflate Clinton/Trump/Russia issue.
You meant to say did not wish to see a special counsel in the Clinton case because she's the Presidential DemocRAT Nominee.
You are a liar #CrookedComey #DrainTheSwamp #SethRichCoverUp
Only reason she's not sitting in prison right now.
You're one screwed up old man.
deprived of all revenue  bears a discussion
HUD. Amtrak. NYSE NBA. NFL FDIC Treasury RETAIL Franchise's. Viacom. Important LOSS
Says the leaker and the lier.
Why wouldn't the DNC let the FBI inspect their computers after the alleged Russian hack? What do you guys have to hide?
Mr. Schumer , is there something wrong with Senator McCain? He appeared to not be all there today. Does he have dementia?
He did seem to confuse names but not anywhere near Pelosi. I think there are several who should retire.
Term limits....
as usual you lie and tell BS, Clinton is not off the hook Mr Kiss ass.
You keep telling yourself that Chucky. America saw the testimony too.
Chuckie, I spoke to two Russians last week at my hair dresser.  I may have mentioned Putin.  Do you need me to testify?
we learned from Comey, that he's a weak leaker, Trump not under investigation, MSM is fake news, ag lynch obstructed justice
Comet was ordered to call it a matter by Lynch. He was a coward for not objecting
LOL-Oh you lousy clown. You know she is guilty as hell.
Complete  LYNCH WAS CORRUPTED ALONG WITH HILLARY AND THEY SHOULD BE IN JAIL! KEEP SPINNING
FOFLMAO!!!!!!!!!!
The lies continue! We now know Loretta Lynch obstructed that investigation.
GOP wants focus on HRC again so can ignore RussiaGate & Trumpcare. Don't let them. Ignore that clap trap & stay the course 
Sorry, she's going to jail. Maybe the rest of her family also.
Look your gone next election
Ha!  We'll see!
Chuckles you scared for Hildebeast or AGLynch?  Ur BS Russia narrative re POTUS has unraveled 
Wtf is wrong with you?
Or because your liberal leftist handler @georgesoros directed Comey and Lynch otherwise. #WeThePeople know and WILL take country back.
That wasn't his choice to make.
Liar He would of been N trouble or killed like the others. You're all dirty!They would've had the Clinton's and many of you N prison by now.
I'd like to just mention that I really, really like @realDonaldTrump!
Her mishandling of classified information was a felony at least of my level of federal government I'd be in jail
Bullshit!!
how much pressure was Comey getting from the Guiliani wing of the NY office?
Flashback to November 7th, 2016: #FBI agents, lawmakers hammer #Comey over #HillaryClinton emails inquiry. #Tatiana
Lol sch don't believe you would know a fact if it fell on your head. No one with common sense believe the that comes out of your pie hole.
Well if you keep saying that Chuck maybe some day you'll actually believe it.
Thank you for making that point, Senator.
a bias view bc there was a crime there.
That is laughable.since when does the director of FBI make determinations
What a total lie Chuck Schumer is a total liar just like comey. Disgrace to America
And Comey confirmed President has right under constitution to end investigation. No obstruction here. Move on quit wasting OUR $$$$
Plus he Possesses Power to Pardon... move the hell on down OUR American Road!
Yeah she just destroyed evidence no bigy right
 please refund the the salary you obviously are scamming the tax payers! #CowardComey #LunaticChuckSchumer
no he didnt want to get whacked by tge Clintons Chuckles.
Comey was mistaken and you are a bitter partisan bloviating hack.
Right. That's what I would say also when I knew it Was blatant double standard

The facts said she was guilty, Comey "Felt" there was no proof of intent? HUH? No...lol #ArrestHilary #ArrestLynch #ArrestComey
they smashed phones to hide evidence. THAT is obstruction.
No! Lorretta Lynch told him it wasn't necessary.
If Meeting on a tarmac is not a case then you all are mentally ill
You and Dems have lost any shred of credibility. You covered/obstructed for Obama/Hillary for 8 yrs yet viciously attack Trump for much less
What did Obama/Hillary do that was much less than potential Treason with Russia? \
could you have someone translate this question from gibberish to English, please?
What did Obama/Hillary do that was much less than potential Treason with Russia? \
sorry Comrade! Here it is in Russian. Chto sdelal Obama / Khillari, chto bylo namnogo men'she, chem potentsial'naya izmena s Rossiyey?
You continue to bore the ever loving shit out of me.
thats a serious question. what did Obama or hillary due that was worse than an FBI investigation into possible Treason? honest question
Obama secretly shipped $400M in untraceable cash on a plane, at night under the cover of darkness to a terrorist state sworn to destroy us.
You cannot really be that stupid WTP have  wide open @TheJusticeDept @TGowdySC FULL investigation into SERVERGATE & RICO CLN FND
Bull. He is as crooked as lynch/obama
Wrong @SpeakerRyan  DOJ & FBI work at the pleasure of the PREZ. He is CEO of executive branch. THEY FOLLOW HIS ORDERS...period!
There not done with Hillary yet
Nope he got paid from HRC, POTUS just said "YOURE FIRED" and I'm sure POTUS thought #whatapussy
Another of your lies Chuck. Vote him out.
That's not his role to determine that.
Lynch should be arrested soon
That must have been it...only in your delusional world is that true.
Seeing as we now know that #TrumpRussia COLLUSION was a big fat lie.. there were no "facts" for a special counsel here either!
Bull He was ordered to by a very partisan Lynch. And now you have all become a lynch mob. Despicable, disgusting and destructive ot the USA
You truly believe that the Obama would have agreee to a special counsel for Hillary Clinton? What planet are you from Chuckles?
Do you ever get tired of being wrong? Or lying?
Comey appointed himself judge & jury for the HRC email case. He planned to close it the whole time, the tarmac mtg screwed up the narrative.
Waste of money especially after all the gop blowed on all those Benghazi hearings.
That was the real witch hunt.
Ah ha
Right Chuck! If you believe that, I have a bridge in Brooklyn to sell you!
Liberal lunacy
More likely because Loretta Lynch told him to do this after meeting Bill Clinton on tarmac --Democratic Corruption so you are good with it
Where has Schumer been hidding?
Bullshit ...hes a lect wing cuck and you know it. Clinton is as guilty as they get
It's not job to judge. Only investigate.
Also at the time of the plane incident, the investigation was concluded or close to. No need to start over again.
That's where it's headed, in a year they are gonna put HRC in jail.
Bah ha ha great analysis Chuck, CNN could use a hack like you.  Comey thought Clinton would win & didn't want to jeopardize his job with her
Yeah sure, GFY SCHMUCKY!
That is why Comey has lost his integrity & respect.  He has become a shady suspicious character.
You are so delusional. Almost funny
Funny. We read the hacked emails and felt otherwise, and still do. You folks are corrupted to the core.
Hahaha hahaha, haha hahaha!!! Your ignorance gives us all a great laugh.
But he testified yesterday that he was influenced by Lynch re: Clinton case.

Your revisionist history will come back to haunt you, Chuck!
Wrong, he admitted "going along" with Lynch even though it made him "queasy", sounds like a cover up, he knows it was wrong and feels guilty
Major creep comey. Shameful
Satisfactory
BAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAAHAAAAA!!!!
Your statement is laughable Chuck.
Chuck creating fake news again!!!
Do you wake every morning and take stupid pills along with the other geriatric associated pills?  Comey was a Clinton shill.
poor judgment like yours .also lynch warned him
will you stop thinking you know what happens when you think you end saying something stupid and making a fool of yourself
Under direction of DOJ
Why do I  only see you are actually a liar after Comey's testimony today
And that's a big joke .
There are more people than you'd ever dream of that are ashamed of you and the kind of person you are politically
Are you one of those who told him to say that?
"Clinton case"? Didn't you get Lynch's note on this? It's "Clinton matter." Sheesh, can't you (D)ims get it straight. <snark> @SenSchumer
The "matter"...lynch needs a special prosecuter.
Is this a SNL skit
You insult the intelligence of the American people.  Comey said he downplayed the Clinton investigation to compy with Lynch's request.
Nice of Comey 2 b judge jury & so kind to Dems
.He told you why, his boss put the fix in
Gee , You missed the 6/7/2017 memo 'Obstruction'
From the senate intelligence committee
After Lynch told him so. What utter rubbish. Hillary was guilty of obstruction, lying,illegal server & classified email & shld be in prison
hahahahahahaha! That's the funniest thing I've heard all weekend!
Saddest part is people actually voted for you. Hypocrite.
No he knew his boss would be headed to court for obstruction of justice! He also knew the candidate he wanted to win would be locked up
All knowing self serving Comey. Back to being a lib/dem hero? America could use a special counsel to look into Comey/Clinton/lynch/obummer
No schumer ur incorrect LL obstructed justice&bc oboma ws puppetmaster comey abided Any NORMALperson KNOWS a 1yr law stud cld get conviction
Lynch told Comey to change the wording of a doc to protect Hillary, he did.
"Just call it a matter instead of a investigation" Unethical x2
Or, was it because Lynch convinced him this was no "matter" of significance?...Face it, your looking and sounding more ridiculous every day
Talk about a witch hunt!!!    Even had a real witch!
no comey is an ass  like you chuckles lock the witch up
BS! He probably realized that he didn't want to end up in a body bag.
Comey never said that
Now explain this to @SenJohnMcCain
Right, Chuckie the clown, dream on.   I know the truth and he is afraid of being the next Clinton suicide victim.
Nonsense.  Comey's hands are not clean.  Stay clear of this swamp if at all possible.
Where was your uproar when Lynch met @billclinton on a runway in Phoenix ?Remember your #Outrage ? Niether do I
Chuck the clown & his Swamp creatures are scared. Go cry your fake tears Chuckie. You. Comey & Crooked Hillary are Dirty. #DrainTheSwamp
Let's have a special counsel look into that considering Comey followed Clinton campaign talking points as directed by Lynch
He should have got a special investigator to get get all documents. She was protected by Democrats.
McCain embarrassed himself by his confusing?. No one knew what he was asking! Don't blame Comey. #HYPOCRITES
It is a lie that was the biggest reason we needed one. Hillary committed treason broke multiple crime laws she should have been prosecuted
No. There was evidence for HRC. Comey's bogus excuse was intent which isn't a factor. Comey only wanted spec counsel bc fired. Disgruntled.
Not what he said! Said it was in order after tarmac incident.
