So what about tax dollars in food stamps and other fed assistance. Missed your outrage when Obama increased the recipients by over 50%.
I'm out POTUS is doing just that if you'd get out of his way you Dems just stole his deal  pathetic #StopObstructingDems
I'll stick with #MAGA because #AllDemocratsAreCriminals
Yes, focus on spending on our infrastructure & people. Cut war spending & pass Medicare for All. 11/18 is coming & people are watching.
Why would anyone want Medicare for all? Just curious becuz from what I've witnessed from medicare, not much coverage, too many hoops, etc
#quantumSlave
And yet that didn't happen in the last 8 years. More lies from you.
@SenSchumer @Medium how can anyone in their right mind expect politicians to vote accordingly on policies they don't even follow
Lower bussiness taxes.  Makes #USA  competitive in world .
Trump is unAmerican sociopath who's mentally & physically unfit to be our president. Russia put this fool in office, What you doin about it?
Just like obama did the last 8 years right the democrats have nothing and will have nothing except higher taxes and illegal aliens
Instead they gave the jobs to 800,000 gov't supported illegals
Maybe #StudentLoans should be addressed. #StudentDebt is crippling our economic growth. How about #StudentLoanForgiveness/#amnesty?
My son is IMMOBILIZED w/student debt! Grad school what for; to have Trump increase student loan rates to 12% and they can't even buy a home
I'm an enrollment agent if your son needs help with his student loans let me know
On the #NDAA you should decrease #defense spending (especially since #NationalDebt reached $20 trillion today) and invest more on education.
Do you know how is spent on education now??? How about what these schools are producing. Half can't read or write. Yeh more money, right...
Time to demand our schools go back to actually teaching academics.
Please.. @SenateDems have clearly shown their support has zero to do with LEGAL American Workers.  Democrats have ABANDONED American workers
How do u like 45's plans to tax rich at only 15%?Yet, @NancyPelosi & @SenSchumer betray's us w/45 http://dinner.Rich  stick w/rich
Your approach has worked so well the last 8 years!
Chuck, we the people need you to back Sanders single payer bill! Every developed country does better than we do at taking care of taxpayers!
And not your pockets.
All hypocrites
America dems have never reduced taxes on the working citizens dems will always tax u 2 fund all the illegals & their lobbyists They r liars
What the hell is Trump? Right! Putting America workers to work. Suck it up buttercups. #Makingamericagreatagain
Straight out of trump playbook. Up till now a better deal for you guys was millions to Pakistan. Oops is that racist?

Watch Schumer Vs Schumer - The Greatest Flip Flop Ever On DACA: http://710wor.iheart.com/featured/mark-simone/content/2017-09-12-watch-schumer-vs-schumer-the-greatest-flip-flop-ever-on-daca/#ixzz4sUrhme1x …
Govt $s cause price inflation faster than wages so sales down no jobs ever more ppl poor homeless
Chuck how long have you been a U.S. Senator??
Long enough if you knew what 2 do it should have been done by now!! 
STOP OBSTRUCTING @POTUS!
It should go for infrastructure, energy and military!
Stop flapping your gums and get something done for a change
Why do u care if the "rich" gets tax cuts?  I don't as long as I get one.  The rich put people to work.  My family are employed by the rich
Hahaha that's what we have been saying,  but for the past 7 years Dems were trying to make a new world order. We don't forget easily Dems.
Right - if any of your stupid help the middle class ideas worked - why is there still a middle class. - You dems are 100% clueless.
Following the Raw Deal Dems have given taxpayers 4 the last 8 yrs.  Still they have no details? Pres Trump has already created 1.2M new jobs
Like you have done the last 8+ years? So welcome to Micky D's, Wendy's, Burger King, for your jobs of the future thank Democrats for this
How long have you been in office Chuckie? Only now you're concerned? TERM LIMITS
Will you get on board and co-sponsor Bernie's Medicare For All Bill?
Nooooo shit. Any more brain busters? Same talk no action. Just vote to cut our taxes please.

Why did Schumer retweet that? It's everything he stands against
That is correct. American workers mean American Citizens Only. We also believe the Senate does not need a pay raise either.
Every dollar you waste at the federal level, is made up for on the backs of the middle class at the state level. Get your sh!t together kids
Tax payer dollars should be for American citizens only. But for some odd reason its used to murder innocent people
Yes putting American citizens to work, not illegals that send our money to Mexico.
Couldn't agree more. Quit funding PPACT, DACA, UN, Obamacare, and CAIR, and let's put our people back to work.
Yet,  you give it away to illegals. Stop riding the fence Chucky
YAWN
DO YOU REALLY THINK GOD IS CAPABLE OF DESTROYING?
SENATOR IT IS WITHIN GOD'S POWERS HE CREATED THIS WORLD AND THE UNIVERSE!
But thats not what you do with our tax dollars!
SENATOR IF WE PUT EVEN A 50% EFFORT IN THIS !I KNOW IN MY HEART GOD WILL ALTER CLIMATE CHANGE !GOD HELPS THOSE WHO HELP THEMSELVES!
What makes Democrats think they can spend my money better than me?  I support my local businesses everyday.
So why do I work.so hard for illegal immigrants. Hard to keep believing your lies Chuck. Time for u to go NYS deserve better.
What does tax $s to put American workers to work? 
Taxed for govt shovel ready jobs AGAIN? 
And #DACA not Americans!
Less govt, the better
The American govt should get the hell out of the way of the American people. Keep your big govt socialism to yourself
We're all watching with baited breath to see the huge blowjob you're gonna give to your corporate donors. Lookin at you @SenSchumer
I like the part of Democrats wanting to not ship jobs overseas. Trump has been bringing them home. You're late to the party.
You tired Democrats keep copying the same speech over and over again. You're just doing what Trump is doing. Where's that deal?
@SenSchumer Are you with @SenSanders in supporting Medicare for All?
#Libtards had 8 years 2 do that, what did we get? A presidency that DOUBLE the debt. U got voted out 4 a reason, a reason u'll never get
Hey Senate Dems, How about a positive mention about Hillary Clinton's  new book, released today, 'What Happened?'
Gee isn't what trump been saying, wake up schumer it's not your way. It's us the American people
It should put AMERICAN WORKERS to work, not DACA/DREAMERS.
What?
...lies in the hands of just a slightly 'better' used car salesman than the one screwing us now.
Please, I beg you, for the love of everything we value, do not use that cheap-ass slogan. It infers that the fate of our precious lives...
Where did you get your economics degrees? In a box of Froot Loops.
It shouldn't go to ILLEGALS, DACA, WELFARE, SECTION 8 housing, OBAMACARE, or liberal ass PBS!
or DEPLORABLES!!!!! DEPORT ALL DEPLORABLES!!!!!!.....this is fun.....
Too busy paying for weekly golfing
you agree to stop or decrease foreign aid? You're finally coming to your senses? What's the catch?
come on- you're about 10 years too late w that crap. help the admin get some stuff done n stop makin waves
the gop is the gridlock - wake up
With all the talk and 8 years of presidency, those who supported you got financially worse, not better. #talkischeap
Maybe in  but not in "Cleveland"
The evidence is clear, impoverished rust belt Dems voted largely for Trump because of all the talk and no action from SenateDems.
because they are racist....fixed it for you
Whatever. When you can't win, just call people racist. Convenient, but very hollow. #dumbskull
its the truth
Whose truth? Not backed up by evidence. All over the country, the ghettoes are getting worse, broken buildings, crime, poverty etc...
Yet you are supposed to be offering a better deal? You've been offering that same desk fir decades and if just does not work
Your better deal is a sham, planned to take from the hard working Americans and give to your base of people not willing to work.
The hurricane has accomplished this sadly
Wow you guys are lost. #unamericandeal
Well, you've had decades of opportunity to do just that, squandering two generations while up in global party. New reps needed of integrity.
