Thanks to @MayoClinic for its excellent care – I appreciate your support & look forward to getting back to work! https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=FF8ABBEC-F6BB-45F6-8E8D-A4D3BA906C83 …
Wow, I guess the ACA does work. Not True. He would have been deemed not worth care if he had to live under normal people rules. Unless rich
Luckily he has the best health care plan in US. Get well Sen McCain.
Glad he does.. but we get the ACA.  We're not so lucky.  At his age we would be denied the Mayo Clinic.
False.
Give him Obamashitcare.
Chuck Schumer is lying about Medicaid again, what a low life.
John McCain is a good man, but I would rather see a republican have his seat
Nice reply list ya got goin on . Hope mcain chokes on it
McCain & schumer clown fools! Someone needs to tell McCain he is a republican not a obstructionist Democrat! Get on board McCain or go home!
Schumer and McCain are buds, just like McCain and Ted Kennedy were, but are horrible democrats,
 Schumer admits it.

I wish him well. May every person in this country receive the same excellent care.
I would love to be on Congresses healthcare plan.
Nice that he has good healthcare. Shame he doesn't want the same for everyone else.
Per law, they use the ACA. Do most of you know that?
Yes
Not choosing to buy his own insurance,  he would have VA/ Medicare/Triccare4Life. Per ACA and Congress laws.
Birds of a feather--democraps
Can you say something about McCain in your next speech. I am praying for him. He is a good person. I watch your speeches. C span.
Wish that McCain was on Obama care, so he could get the same sh.t care as the plan he thinks is fine for little people.
I wish I had his healthcare, why don't you work on it? Oh! He is a secret agent of the Dems, no wonder he is your friend!
Yeah, it's great that McCain had GOOD taxpayer-funded health care...NOT what his party wants the rest of us to live (or die) with!!!
@MayoClinic He is a strong voice in our political system today and we wish him all the best.
AS GOOD FRIENDS SHOULD! but i have to sincerely ask: is he still voting #AHCA & against the health care of millions of Americans?
I  wish that you All had the same hassles with Obama CARE and health care as the rest of America.
Most people love Medicare. Plus, you have a choice of plans if you
get it through an Insurer.  My idea
is to merge ACA into it. + FOR BOTH!!
SenJohnMcCain, I wish you a speedy recovery and I urge you to look deep inside and vote on the right side of history.
He won't do that he is too caught up in political Capital Hill Gang!
I wish you a fast and full recovery, @SenJohnMcCain, healing hope to you. Please come back ready to fight to PROTECT our democracy.
Against those who are trying to turn 
it into an Oligarchy.  Please!
Nice to know you've got healthcare when you really need it!
They are to good for Obama care.
Must be nice not to be stuck with the ACA
Hate McCain but prefer it had been YOU!
@MayoClinic 
Wishing @SenJohnMcCain a speedy and full recovery.  May he return to the Senate real soon.
May G-d be with you! Praying for your safe return.
Take your time Sen. McCain, then I hope you can see your way clear to voting no on Trumpcare @SenJohnMcCain
He will, he does not want what is best for Americans.
What happened?
Blood clot I truly wish him well!
Don't worry, even though he can afford the best health care, he will still have tax payers pay for it.
The sad part of this is it's the John McCain's of Washington, not America Citizen's that R self entitled to get VIP Excellent health care !
Good man Chuck Schumer.
Is this an attempt to show bipartisanship and compassion? Not buying it. You are a fake.
I wonder if McCain's condition was preexisting?
You guys have yours and screw everybody else. General attitude in Washington especially among the republifacists.
And that recovery is made possible because he has better health coverage than the people that you purport to represent.
John should vote NO on the AHCA bad Senate bill especially since "preexisting" conditions hits so close to home
You mean @SenSchumer  prays?
I thought Democrats and the disgusting media took out the words "under God" in their Pledge of Allegiance
Did him and Charlie Gard share the same room?
Wishing @SenJohnMcCain a speedy recovery and a new spirit of bipartisanship ushering in a new era of progress and prosperity.
Speedy recovery Senator McCain, praying for you.  I have great respect for you...you are a hero!
I truly hope he gets well!  He will with his healthcare coverage being so much better than ours, and to think, we're even paying for it.
So OUT OF TOUCH.
So you get to go to Mayo Clinic with your health insurance?!   Sad state of affairs.  Sad.
U and your bud need to retire

It's his eye.
Wishing JM a full recovery.  I'm not a Republican, but I have tremendous respect for him.  Please JM, when you're better, defeat Trumpcare.
Hoping you have a full recovery, sir.
He's still alive? Huh...who knew
May be instead of creating obstruction & giving lip service, the Senate can get to work for America, look beyond ideology, & work w/POTUS
Now THAT is how a classy statesman tweets about a sick colleague.  Sadly our so-called POTUS missed that lesson when taught in 3d grade.
You have a republican friend, are you sure?
Speedy recovery
I wish you well and good health and thank you for allyou have done for our country.
Now try to help us all have the same healthcare.
Good for You!
Las I have friends that were in the adjoining prison cells with your friend. They do not think of him as a friend or Patriot.
Praying for good healthcare for ALL Americans, not just politicians.
Why do we have to wait for this a****** this is dim bulb  the whole Nations got to stop for this douche tool.
Only one vote kills or saves it. It's not a Dem vote, but a Republican vote that puts this in balance. No dems voting for it.
Will this be a pre-existing condition for him or will he be exempt from the tragedy about to inflict the poor? #impeachtrump
Get well soon, sir -- Jim Lee AQF2 VF143 (Puking Dogs).
Hope the surgery helps to clear his mind and make him realize the GOP "healthcare" bill should be put out if its misery.
Like you really care
How about giving all of us the same health care plan you have, so we who pay your salaries all have the same shot at a speedy recovery?
You are both disgraceful! It's only about your agendas and the hell with the Americans. Something has to be done!
How come you keep blocking POTUS Nominations?Enough is Enough! You are playing games with the American people!!
when he recovers, he can resign from the GOP and join the Democratic party.. Traitor McCain..
UR "friend" ? U need a lobotomy just like he just had. Maybe then u both will work to MAGA & give OUR President a chance to lead !
Good thing you had healthcare!   #VoteNo #TrumpcareTaxcut #SaveACA  Get well soon Senator.  America needs you to stand up for her.
Who has beniited from a healthcare plan that includes primary prevention services like annual physicals, etc.Can't find that in the revision
Not me
Maybe the people should vote the government should only receive oboma care like the rest of us folk.so you can feel the pain of the people
I'm glad the morning is bringing some sunnier thoughts. We are all wishing a healthy recovery.  Blood clots are nothing to play around with.
That he can look forward is likely a good sign!
You only like him because he is a sleazy liberal just like you. #LiberalismISaDISEASE
Be well senator. I'm sure that the irony of your superb treatment coming at the time when your party may strip others of such care is clear
Hope you have a quick recovery. Please use your recovery time to reflect on how many of your fellow Americans will lose out with new plan.
If No Congresman has used Obama Care for there personal health care. Why is the rest of America stuck with it? Do what you promised GOP.
Why don't you all look at the Australian Healthcare System?? I hear it works pretty good. Phase it in.
Is he a no vote? #VoteNoBCRA
Why is Trump still talking about Clinton?  She didn't win. She's not in office. He is. #trump #Politicaldiversion
Lucky for him that our taxes pay for his surgery and he is not on trumpcare.
Lucky for him, McCain's top healthcare isn't in question & how horrible of Schumer to accept donations from big pharma
Praying? Really?
Yes get well please...we need some stand up Repub said like @SenJohnMcCain in congress
normal check up just saved your life.. & you're thinking of stripping this away from millions. Be thankful and give Americans the same cob
So glad Sen McCain has great health care coverage-hopefully he will vote against current health bill not providing adequate coverage to AZ.
Haha Chuck you hope he dies we all know the truth. Then you can say Republicans want to kill old people!
You're an embarrassment to USA!
Even though presidential candidate Trump not think him a Hero because he got caught! John is a Hero by any measurement!
Glad you have good health care. Think about this when you vote next week.
Take off all the time you need senator
I want your healthcare. Why will u not let me have it ??
@SenJohnMcCain remember that you're voting for our healthcare bill. Many of us are not that fortunate.
Chuck..America thinks that the rules should change..and that members of Congress get paid by performance..THAT might just force YOU to WORK!
Good thing he has decent insurance.
You have no real friends chuckie.
At the elitist Mayo Clinic that is pays no taxes on $260 mil in profit but rarely serves unisured and has low free care ratios
Yes. Many wishes are with him, from all sides of the political spectrum. Get better soon, John McCain!
I wish the Senator well - I just wish he had compassion for his fellow Americans so that they can get the same excellent health care.
#shutupchuck
Does anyone else in the Senate that McConnell needs a yes vote they don't want to give him want to go get lengthy revovery surgery done?????
You're a mench Chuck!
Take a month or two off and get well!
Mayo Clinic, take your good old time, 2 sure John McCain is in great shape, a month or two out of Senate 2 ensure health and wealthier all.
Screw you Senator while you watch the poor and disabled suffer.
He certainly is lucky to have Cadillac healthcare.
Maybe he should be on ObamaCare and the rest of you too. See how quickly ObamaCare would get fixed.
Prayers for John McCain
Get well soon Sen. McCain.
https://www.facebook.com/vidmaxmedia/videos/1378070795537086/ …
Aren't you against prayer?
John while recovering figure out what your procedure would cost in $ and life style for poor American without health coverage.
I also pray for McCain's speedy recovery but @SenSchumer can you please do more for a speedy recovery of our country from trump and GOP?
Our best to Sen McCain. However, isn't it great he has Senate Hcare plan and not the limited choices we have? #healthcarebill
I wish Sen McCain the best. But when did you Dems start praying Chuckles?
Happy your getting better, hoping you vote not to take millions of people's healthcare away from them.
Someone print out the bill for his stay, I would love to see just how our tax dollars are covering his medical expenses
I'm sure Chuckie has a LOT OF RINO friends. This is so telling.
None of the uninsured could go to the @mayoclinic but your elitist ass will always be covered. #hypocrite
@MayoClinic Glad he has excellent health care. Hopefully he will fight for all to have access to care like his
Sending good thoughts and prayers for a speedy recovery, Senator McCain.
Good thing he didn't go to VA or was stuck with Obamacare. So this is why congress didn't vote it for themselves. Smart move!
I'm glad he has wonderful health care.  Too bad he plans on voting against the same for the rest of the country.
Speedy recovery senator McCain I'm a democrat but I need you in the senate to help control the man child 
Did you notice the lack of comment from our #FAKEPRESIDENT?
Senator Schumer you are a great man and Senator please fight for good Health Care
Please have a rapid recovery.  Please do not vote for the repeal and the healthcare bill.
He's voting for Trumpcare? This concerns me deeply. My thoughts &  prayers are for the people who won't receive healthcare because of him.
@MayoClinic https://twitter.com/analogmom/status/886582856629223425 …
I too pray for his speedy recovery. I also pray that the rest of America had access to the kind of healthcare that allows a speedy recovery.
Yes, he appears to have become one of you guys .....
Retire please
Speedy recovery! Evety Amrrican deserves the same great taxpayer funded health care you receive! Think about that why we pay for your care!
Exactly. It must be nice to not worry about YOUR healthcare. Speedy recovery anyway
Sure he's your friend. He an elitest RINO. You all working for the destruction of the USA as we know it and your own selfish self interest
Every American deserves the same healthcare available to our legislators. Time to tie their healthcare with ours!
gee did you get there from obamacare coverage??
Welcome to the twitter site for the hypocrite obstructionist and his sick followers. Depravity and mentally ill rantings are welcome here.
People recover much faster when they don't have to worry about medical bills. @SenJohnMcCain you should have a speedy textbook recovery.
Chuck, since when did you ever have friends.
Lucky you, you get excellent health care coverage yet want to vote for taking away health care for 23 million. @GOP #Deathcarepanel

Mayo clinic wouldn't take my insurance, UCLA waived the insurance & saved my son. Insurance is not healthcare. #medicare4all
I wonder if the average Joe could have the same care as you got?
Feel better Senator McCain, and come back and vote no on the healthcare bill. All Americans should be able to have the best care possible.
Praying that you and Nancy will start working with Republicans
Chuck schumer is not your friend. Hopefully the people of New York will get him out of office. Wishing you the best for a quick recovery.
Hope John recovers quickly. Would he qualify for the new health plan?  Pre-existing conditions.  Congress should have same plan as we get
You old people should retire
Stay away we're much better off without you!
Best wishes to John and glad for HIS free hospitalization. Thanks America!
He's lucky we pay for his healthcare. Anyone else would be in debt for life.
SongBird!! End of the line huh?
I wish Mr. McCain a speedy recovery! Maybe he'll think twice about taking the same opportunity away from millions of Americans!
Sen. Schumer, as a fellow Bklynite, I implore you to do something about McConnell, first he steals Court pick pick, now terrible health care
You should, he's a closet Democrat
Please don't come back to vote to take away, or make extraordinarily expensive, healthcare for the rest of us.  Trumpcare is CRUEL.
Why are you "friends" with someone who will vote to cause the premature death of hundreds of thousands of your fellow citizens?
The Fly wishes a Republican well. Surprised this writer. Get well Vietnam Vet. I'm with you!
Hope Sen McCain votes NO to trumpcare. PLEASE
I am glad you have good health care. But wonder why you are willing to deprive others of good health care.  "Country over party."
McCain is a Rino, a Democrat infiltrate.
Ofcourse your friend , #DemInCloset
group in DC are totally disconnected, they don't know what we say or think, don't hear the cries of the people!!
Why?  We can capture his seat.  God can take him home to His Eternal Latrine.
Praying for a lengthy recovery.
And a great @GOP discovery: Humanity.

#KillTheBill #DeathByTaxCuts
Wow. The Mayo Clinic. When I got breast cancer my sister wanted me to go there. I couldn't. ACA hadn't passed yet. 
And I'm not wealthy.
@SenJohnMcCain Nice timing, you corrupt punk. No need to return. The Right doesn't want you. #MAGA
I wish you the best but America can't go to the Mayo Clinic on #obamacare #obamacaid. Why rub it in?
What's the matter mccan't? Your brain rejecting you also ! No hurry ,take your time ! Take 3-4 years off or more !
@MayoClinic yes plz think of the great healthcare that just saved ur life when you vote on Trumpcare bill
I'm sure you're not paying a penny for any of this because all of your premiums and co-pays are covered
Good to know congress has good medical coverage.....how about the rest of America.
