
These people are schizoid.
These ridiculously high cost of drugs, transfers to your insurance premiums.  If Ins co has to cover such drugs, they raise your premiums.

Drug co's pay 24billion yearly to doctors.  Purpose?  Push our drugs on your patients. In return they receive cash & trips.  24 BILLION yrly
Thanks for affirming when someone does the right thing! #We need more maturity in government!
Apparently being a potato-head runs in your family.
President is out of control, WH is not his business, he needs to take this position seriously, he is dangerous to America, GOP must stop him
Oh please go home, where ever that may be. Anti American non Democracy supporter. Sick of it in America
Schumer get back to HRC corruption & deleting evidence & not waste tax payers money paid to you. Your hatred to Pres Trump is just too much.
Blah blah blah
Congress failed to negotiate cost of drugs for Americans.  Alzheimers meds (not cure) 60K yr.  Muscular dystrophy 300K.  Absurd!
Yes you...
Please don't.  No more lies and misdirections!
Blah blah blah
Y can't i adjourn 4 the weekend? Charmed lives there. That's y there is 0 grasp on reality w congress
Russians interfere with Houston Rockets loss tonight, investigate!
Why aren't you guys turning your backs any time Mitch speaks? Why no daily group pressconf? @SenFeinstein @SenSanders @SenWarren @SenFranken
No one listens to you 2 faced bs
Nobody cares what u wanna whine about next u schmuck.
You want Trump and America to fail so the Dems can get votes. We won't forget.
What does Chuck say on Wednesday's?   "Have a nice weekend!" This dude never works weekends or after 2:00 pm. Time to retire to Boca Chuck.
the senate is so lazy. You guys have long weekends and constant break.
Not much media cov, but as I stated b4, dem leadership making sure Repub dominate local elections- nebraska mayor race- dems stupid stand
Wondering why Schumer isn't bright enough to know this is a counter intelligence investigation-once we find out if crime, need prosecutions
The person blaming others for farting is usually the one who farted. Schumer loves Putin.
@tempteststorm2 start working on people issues. Aetna others just pulled out Obamacare. We want jobs, infrastructure, healthcare, tax cuts
Thats not part of the democrats lobbiest loyalty package, they have to keep the middle class down vote them out
Here is hard proof that needs to be prosecuted.
Mucasey said the Trump/ Russia investigation is a counter intelligence- not a criminal at this point-Why do you mislead American people
Schumer is one of 213 congress members who gave this drug monopoly to the Drug co's.  He is corrupt & he needs to go.
any thoughts on making Comey the special prosecutor
Flip Flop-- Flip Flop !! BOO Hoo FLIP FLOP!!
Can wait to hear what lies you have today
In case you haven't noticed Chuck and Dems put Party before Country! If Trump proposed a cure for cancer, they'd reject it!

I remember when @BarackObama mentioned @cspan for the first time is his "not politics as usual speech" what a joke that was, right?
First you don't speak for all Americans, it wouldn't have mattered when Trump fired Comey, your reaction would be the same. You're a joke
why wait till Friday to work Chuckles? You've not done shit all week but oppose and obstruct. Hell go home.
Unfortunately, true Americans have to listen to your vile rethoric. We know where you are heading...your goal to impeachment is fruitless.
More adolescent comments before you go home and rest from all the non and half truths of the week?
@realDonaldTrump is @POTUS America is tired of the Democrats hindering confirmations & #russiagate crap-we wil vote-out more Democrats again
Absolutely! I will never vote for another Democrat because they adhere to their progrms, no matter what, prob out of fear of punishmt.


Go home another week of you doing nothing positive for America
Thinks he was elected to constantly criticize POTUS.Try governing Chuckie.Believe it or not u r an employee of the taxpayer not visca versa
Just watch you speak out again POTUS EVERYTIME you speak. No thank you getting really old
Oh yay what's the topic of the day chuckie Russia or Nobama care and don't all these dead horses your beating block the walk way
Hay Chuck there's a new book out you should read ( liberalism" how to turn good men into Whiners, Weenies and Wimp's )
I heard there was a new Supercuts opening on LI, News 12 will be there; I think you should go say a few words there first
Senator, be a good example to your congressional colleagues and voting base. Everyone will benefit when you can promote bipartisan work.
Senator Schumer, Democrat Party Senate Minority Leader. As you previously suggested, Dir. Comey was fired. It's not a Constitutional Crisis
@realDonaldTrump we need a special prosecutor to investigate Obama and the Clintons and Lynch
OH darn I will miss that just most Americans that love our country.
Will you be speaking about bringing jobs back, rebuilding infrastructure, getting drugs out of our country??
schumer u cant get over trump winning listen to yourself sound stupid all your allegations r false remember we pray 4 trump
You don't work on Fridays?
Hope to see you at Naz graduation. Our students need to hear your voice.
That's what you do best - talk.  Too bad you don't get anytime by done for your constituents or the country. Just keep talking
When do you people actually work? Adjourn for the weekend on Thursday? Take 2-3 weeks for Easter, etc, etc..,
Chucky stay home. Your a pathetic man who needs help your really stuck on you self it's me me me get over it dems lost get over it grow up
So what is this? 1 of your lady friends "Former Dem Rep Corrine Brown Found Guilty of Tax Evasion and Fraud". You said Dems were perfect
Why would anyone waste time watching a crybaby???
Schemer oresches this doctrine:
Please cry for us
Don't know why your just a blow bag!! No one wants. to listen to you!!!
Hope you can say something intelligent for a change!!!
oh boy won't that be stimulating. i will be sure 2 tell cpt kangaroo!
The person blaming others for farting is usually the one who farted. - Schumer/Russian collusion
We just wish you guys a go to work and quit playing games
Watch live in Russia? Heard you are in bed with Putin, Chuckles!
Who me????
You should just retired
No
who cares what you have to say. Another snooze fest. How about standing in front of mirror and speak to the reflection.
No thanks screw Schumer and C-SPAN
stay off the floor unless you want to do something for the country since you haven't at this point.
why don't u work on fridays?
Great, See if you can answer #MarkLevin's questions he has for you: #CryinSchumer is undermining the #Constitution
Trump should never work with you..drain swamp and destroy Dem party for good
Frump is a traitor and should be arrested for using the people's house for his crony deals!
Please explain how. What data points do you have that the rest of us don't.  Why is he a traitor?  Or are you just throwing shade...
Speak? You never speak you cry, bad mouth, complain, start rumors, start riots, shut down government, stomp your feet, DON'T DO YOUR JOB
Hearing tv clicking off everywhere.
Chuckie, skip the talk
@SenFeinstein @KamalaHarris @tedlieu @RepAdamSchiff @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOP Republicans. Worst. Party. Ever.
Democrats most brsinwashed people ever
Make up your mind Chuckles!  Can't please a liberal.  #hypocrites #draintheswamp
You mean cry and complain. What you don't work Friday must be nice to work a few days a week.
Let them know this:"Bangladesh prime minister says Clinton personally pressured her to help Clinton Foundation donor...typical Democrat move
Adjourn forever you grifter. Haven't you stolen enough? Animal
Stop talking and Start working. Sorry, I forgot Dems only talk
Neither does he, or @NancyPelosi or @SenWarren. They are out of touch and only serve as obstructionists   #drain the swamp. HRC for prison!
AETNA screw Obamacare
Couldn't you work on Friday?
it's only Thursday no wonder you all get nothing done. America is still working and your done! Sick of you guys
Weekend???? It's Thurs! When will you lazy bums WORK?
@KamalaHarris @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan - Jeff @Sessions must resign. That's not what recusal looks like. #ComeyFiring
You guys get a 3 day weekend?
You should work tomorrow too you're getting paid $100K plus. Don't you think?
Please do us all a favor and take a vacation for the next 3 years and 6 months
Your breath stinks so bad because of all the crap you spew.
Your crazy
Good that your aides can type. Without them u would be speechless. Tell comrad chucky the country knows he is a piece of shit. #POS
Crying Chuck only has to work 4 days a week, he should never cry about anything
It's only Thursday..
Really? Adjourns? All of you need to keep your asses in your offices! You should be paid hourly! Get some work done, for real!
You are preventing any progress for Americans with this daily bullshit because you don't like trump! You're party is now the laughing stock!
Need a map? Don't ask schiff he is as lost as u are.
YOU create more problems in Washington than you do solutions! Stop wasting our money on your ridiculous Russia Comey investigation!
Oh boy we all can't wait for that! #MAGA #retirechuck #NYdeservesbetter
If you can fire Comey, and I'm down with that, how come Koskinen still rules the IRS roost? Give him the boot too.
Name 1 Russian Trump has colluded with before you leave
I record and watch at bedtime.  Chuck is the best sleep medicine
CRIME WATCH

How The Clinton Foundation Got Rich Off Poor Haitians... 

http://www.nationalreview.com/article/437883/hillarys-america-secret-history-democratic-party-dinesh-dsouza-clinton-foundation … via @NRO
We need a special prosecutor to look into Clinton's especially since they came out of WH dead broke now worth millions
Nothing but a hypocrite gas bag!
Nothing gets done till Russia investigation is over
Omg another brainwashed victim who cant think on their own
... says the religious nut
@ealight461 @cspan thank you
adjourns?  You lazy good for mornings don't work on Fridays?
Guess Dems should watch OAN Fox then u would know Trump is still being investigated evidence will b revealed some D.C. people still work
Looks like not many Senators were interested enough to attend your big speech !
please keep it up,the more you do,the closer we are to bringing down your courruption in your party.
I'd like to see the House and Senate on the new healthcare. Why don't you speak on that!
God help us
He us that is y He sent pres trump thank Him
Four day work week really Chuck?
Chuck Must Have PFLMA DEMOCRATES PUSHING!
No thanks! Your tweets are enough!
Chuck - Democracy is counting on you.
rip 'em a new one...
@ealight461 @cspan Great! Can you tell them we want 45 Impeached? Thx in advance.
Impeached lol you're pathetic
Wait! so aside from earning $200k per year and taking "side money" to fund multi-million $ mansions, you guys only work 4 days a week too?
Never! Anti American Agenda! Grow Up Schumer Hillary Lost!
Do some work Chuck instead of bloviating.
It's only Thursday Afternoon! Is it too much to ask that our Elected politicians work 5 days a week & get only 2 weeks' vacation a year?
Actually how about we cut there salaries give them term limits and pay them what our soldier get paid
It's only Thursday. When will you arrive at Teterboro. More private flights home.  @TheJusticeDep is watching now. Illegal gifts! Who pays?
No AG Sessions recusal from your case. Corruption to the Max. You belong behind bars!  DOJ has security footage from Atlantic. Bye senator!
Save us from tyranny
Let's see. The work week starts on Tuesday and ends on Thursday. You take a week or two recess every month. I wonder why nothing gets done?
Thank you for all your hard work. It is very much appreciated! @SenSchumer #russiagate
@realDonaldTrump   CHUCKY You Are Becoming A Maybe Embarrassment To Your Family And The USA You Are Transparent And Quite Foolish Not Good!!
Adjourn??? Y'all should be working through the weekend to impeach that nut, he just admitted to Obstruction and Quid-Pro-Quo!
Perhaps you should simply relax and go fishing.
There's enough of that going on in your brain! So I'll pass (I won't bother reading or commenting on your "witty" attempt at a comeback) 
Hope you address more insurers backing out of Obamacare and what you're going to do abt healthcare
Stay strong!
Funny just last week the dems wanted Comey to step down .we voted for the president so stop trying to go against the peoples wishes get out!
Is Friday a holiday I wasn't aware of, oh wait yes of course it is Congress GetsPaid ButDoesnt Have To Work Day. NICE
O Chuck U I can't wait to hear your words of wisdom. The way those glasses sit on your nose. You're so dreamy.
So what?
I think you're probably now going 2 talk about the FBI raids today! Woot woot! Its beginning!#TrumpRussiaCollusion #IndependentInvestigation
You need to freaking say you, @SenateDems & @HouseDemocrats will literally shutdown #Congress by stalling, not showing up etc!
Blah blah blah...More bull crap coming from your mouth! Get with the program and start working for the good of the American People!
@RepAdamSchiff. Trump and his supporters total hipocrites! Criticise Dems., do worse then lie lie lie!
I follow you for a laugh! Gives you 8 followers 
Y? Oh Geez Y?! We all have a headache!
Enivronmentalists say oceans rising because of Climate Change.  Actually, it is from Dems crying because they lost the election for @POTUS
Your like an ant floating down the river on his back with an erection,yelling"raise the bridge"
I think the American people should oust democrats like you out of the government playing politics instead of what is good for the USA
