Yesterday, @POTUS called the Alexander-Murray compromise “a very good solution.” Now, this morning he can’t support it.
You cannot govern a country if you do not know what a bill does and keep a consistent policy about it.
#realDonaldTrump doesn't know anything about healthcare and doesn't care about healthcare. His only objective is to undo Obama's legacy.
You keep expecting him to be rational in his decision making. It’s not. He is so busy trying to gain personal approval he will say anything
to please the last person to whom he spoke. He has no policies or plans other to undo everything Obama put in place. That is it. He is not
a strategic thinker and he cares about no one but himself. Stop trying to work with him like he is every other President Who ce before. He’s
not. His word is not his bond. He himself has no loyalty. All he knows how to do is play to the mob. He is all theater; all day; everyday.
It feels like we are living in Ancient Rome & all he cares about is the roar of the crowd. There is no depth, no complex thinking skills, no
moral code. Stop expecting it. It is less disappointing & frustrating that way.
Your mistake, Senator, was believing the pathological liar. 
My family's skyrocketing premiums don't find any of this encouraging.
Well now you can get insurance through a group despite pre exist/age.  How do you think I have mine.  Trump just gave you a way out
This was only through businesses and unions but now you have access to this course by his executive order.  I doubt you will take advantage.
Better to play the victim and want others to pay for you rather than fix the dumb gov regs that allow you to get yourself a better deal.
What group?! And the ACA did away with pre-existing conditions hindering access to insurance.
And screwed those that could not get subsidies through the program, and began bankrupting the country.
I get insurance through a trade union.  Big businesses provide similar plans.  Pre existing conditions and all ages is fine.
Trump now allows you to form large groups as individuals to take advantage of the same deal that people like I do.
Starting to sound like a career politician. Sound familiar
Come on now Chuck; you can't say you didn't expect Trump to lie and stab you in the back LITERALLY the second you turn around! #Impeach45 
He zagged because Pres. Bannon told @POTUS him no
NEVER<NEVER<NEVER Trust Trump!

Can't fix STUPID!!!!!
he don't care American families and democratic care about them self only
Anything u support easily makes me worry that my interests in HC are not prioritized. Go Trump for standing behind ur values.
He is a liar and will NEVER keep his word.
Remember Chuck, he wants to see improvement. So now you are wanting to support Big Business Insurance companies? Hypocrisy at it’s best.
You keep obstructing
Obstructing what??? His destroying the country?
Since elected POTUS we are 5 trillion ahead in the stock market, millions of new jobs,defeated ISIS, wages up 4%. What’s wrong with that.
You must be on LSD
I am a JFK Democrat at heart, Republican by necessity.
Yes things were good under JFK.
He was the last real Democratic
Why would you trust ANYTHING DUMP says???
Because he's insane. #idiocracy

TELL U. S. WHAT YOU DO IN CONGRESS??
GOP plan to kill affordable healthcare. Lets involve church for support as it involves compassion. Will affect GOP base.
FACT: #DotardTrump will NEVER have the mental fortitude to accept that tweeting does NOT equal law, policy, reality, nor FACT! #MoronInChief
Are you really surprised? He routinely lies.
Consistency doesn't keep the audience engaged. He still thinks he's on a reality show.
POTUS is deceiving. I would not take anything he says seriously. He lives in the moment.  I don’t believe he cares about the people’s Health
#aBetterDeal #MedicareForAll
#aBetterDeal #Bernie2020
#aBetterDeal #ReformDNC
#aBetterDeal #VoteThemOut
#aBetterDeal #ElectProgressives
JGB
He’s compromised by extreme dementia
He can’t remember what he said yesterday let alone 2 weeks ago. #inwayoverhisheas
He does that because he is crazy
What you spin as zig zagging is actually reading & adjusting before passing, unlike Pelosi’s let’s pass the bill first to read what’s in it.
Can you please just do your job?
You just can’t keep up chuckles.
What about encouraging the 25th amendment? It's WAY OVERDUE!
He has no idea what he's doing. He's an irrational weather vane, pointing only to 'yuge' or 'uh', 'loser' or golf.
http://www.schumer.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/my-position-on-the-iran-deal …
Zig zagging isn't it what you are doing with the Iran recertification? Snake politician!!!
Well that's par for the course.
#Trump has no moral core, no beliefs. Zigzag no surprise. Continual #healthcare obstacle remains with #SpeakerRyan and #SenateMajorityLdr
That dumbo flip flops on everything.
Why do you folks keep trusting that pathological lying narcissist?
Maybe that knife in your back will be reminder to never trust a snake
Hey Chuck
NEWS FLASH...
Trumps LIES!

Hope that helps you in future meetings
Your friends...
EVERYONE in the US with a brain & memories !
Oh Chuck. Chuck. Chucky boy. Trump is an asshole. He gets joy from pissing people off(& being pissed on too) #Resist
Please explain why Reps worry about taxpayers $ re health but not on waste by Admin and/or Trump and family. 
Far from home but watching.
When will @SenSchumer learn @POTUS cannot be trusted? Most Americans have already figured it out!
And you believed him???
Says a NWO Evil Schmuck! We are screaming...REPEAL OBAMACARE! Can you hear us now? Enough of you Demons!
#DrainTheDemons
Well obviously you are blaming the wrong groups. The majority in congress had 3 chances and couldn't do it. 3 strikes and you're out!
Why don’t you stop dodging and diving in evading to participate in the process of government
That was just a dog whistle!
He's rather talk NFL than healthcare! Disgraceful
@realDonaldTrump is psycho mentally deranged most likely doesn’t remember talking to u or Sen Alexander 
#25thAmemdmentNow #MoronInChief
Well now you know Trump's word means nothing; he's called 'Liar in Chief' for a reason. He can't be trusted #resist @OccupyDemocrats
As a democrat I'm tired of my leaders deserting their constituents to line their own pockets and "work w/GOP".  We need to MOVE LEFT NOW!
When are you guys going to realize that he LIES about everything!! You cannot trust anything he says!
If u think trump is a straight shooter on healthcare, u r the moron Tillerson was talking about.
Not true. The truth is you've been zigging and zagging for years Chuck old boy. You are a poster child for term limits.
And then Bannon and Miller gave him his instructions.
@BillMaher is accurate Chuck. Trump makes policy based on who whispered in his ear last.
Come on Chuck I grew up with this con man all over the NY daily’s and YOU DID TOO, so why are you surprised?
He’s a flip flopper just make sure he talks to you last
This is what happens when you’re dealing with a VERY unstable person!! #25thAmendment NOW!!
Y'all invent a new subsidized program thats RUINED FOR THOSE OF US WHO HAD GOOD INSURANCE.U liberals messed up healthcare,not Prez Trump
Remember why Healthcare is all F-ed up in the 1st place Schumer?Ur party rather then put that minority of uninsured on a welfare healthcare
As a #chronicillnesswarrior I have lost any hope that @POTUS will have any hand in a positive HC system. Thx 4 your efforts, @SenSchumer
What is it he wants? To kill this bec it’s Obama’s baby? The backlash could be really bad for the gop. They deserve it
That's encouraging?.....lol failing democrat policy & failing message
Wow, another DC politician that speaks out of both sides of his mouth, just like you! Hopefully he backstabs like you as well. Goose/Gander
And you trusted him? Your fault.
Cause he's a lying sack of..
It's impossible to reason with an effin moron, sir, do what needs to be done, #DumpTrump before he further destroys our country
Don't be played by him - he's the devil
The marbles in his head are at full velocity. Ping pong, ping pong bong bing bing bang boom! Hope his head explodes!
Problem is POTUS is not capable of telling the truth. Do we want to have to fact check everything POTUS says because that's where we're at
He’s a malignant lire. Good luck with that!
If you jackasses hadn't caused this effing hot mess, we wouldn't have to clean it up!
And you still believe anything that spews from tRumps mouth?!!
Why don't you tell the Truth you're such a Liar  so sick are you Libs stand up for America listen to the people we voted for Trump
I guess no more Chuck and Nancy
Epic hypocrisy and incompetence #Sicko45
He is being led around by the nose by Nazi boy Miller
He's not "zigging & zagging," he's meandering.
Keep trying to convince yourself of that’s what happened. And we all believe you
Ha ha ha, Comedy Central of the USA
If you and your cronies would stop knifing the president in the back and just get things done for the country not the lobbiest.
@POTUS is not, and will never be, an honorable person. You can't trust him. And @SpeakerRyan is no help either. What do you expect?...
This is their Modus Operandi! All of @GOP use it.
you putting your name on a tax reform act that raises taxes on 1% to support small businesses?
Oh come on Chuck! Why do u continue to act like he is in any way normal! U look like a fool! Get it together dems.
Senator Schumer his word is just words. He is not to be trusted and you should know that by now. Shame on you!
You keep zig zagging on Iran.Did u wait 2 c if Obama had enough "YES" votes so u could vote against it&keep the Jewish vote 4 yr reelection
Pls tell me you knew better than to believe him - even if you video’d he still deny what he said.
And this surprises you? He doesn't remember what he said two weeks ago.
What is stopping Dems from starting impeachment? Significant change in Dems message? 2018= life or death. Lead party, get on the ball!
Because he's a crazy person.
That's because he thought the law would immediately be called Trumpcare. He has no idea what he's doing. He's good at causing chaos.
Maybe, you need to quit sugar coating DT's responses--the word is LYING and thinks it's a GAME!
Hey Chuck, @realDonaldTrump he's a #DamnLiar
Mental illness makes him unable to think clearly
He's too busy playing victim to get any work done. He'll ignore healthcare until he rants, lies and insults his way into feeling better.
Sen, please make it stop! Tell your GOP friends to start impeachment! We r in trouble!!
So shocking, Chuck. He’s always seemed so reliable.
Look at all the money that is profited from ill ppl. Look at the grand H insurance co profits & CEO salaries...the mark up on hospital care-
Look at the money HC brokers make... current HC system needs 2B shut down. Remove HC middlemen & create HC as gov community services
Then he got a threatening phone call from Bannon.
He has really needs to govern. You can’t govern when you flip flop on every issue. It’s not about you!
He's mentally unfit. Why won't Congress just say so and begin proceedings? Our nation is at stake.
Trump is nuts and cannot lead @realDonaldTrump
Then do something on TV with @realDonaldTrump go kiss his ass.
DUH! Strikes!
The GOP win by deceit and bullying: we call things unfair but lose every time.  Please walk out, strike, call for national strikes anything
WHY ARE YOU EVEN COOPERATING!  They shut down the government before, Dems are ALWAYS too polite!  Fight for heavens' sake!
You’re an idiot if you ever trust him!
Well, at least you are consistent. You just block vote NO to good legislation due to your personal agendas. Maybe you can learn from POTUS!
He heard that's what you wanted?
WTF cares what Chuck Schumer shares? Repugnant ass.
He has lost track of issues. We may remember words of Senator Porker when Potus used language  against him.
He running on pure id. No moral, ethical or intellectual qualities to be found. #CallousAndClueless
Chuck he lied Again #TrumpIsABasicDisaster
He’s a moron. Can’t believe you ever trusted him. He’s a liar that surrounds himself with liars. You’re smarter than that. Figure it out.
Everything out of his mouth is a lie. His personal & business history is well 2 all MOC, lay down with dogs, get up fleas, what did u xpect?
All he wants is for it not to be called Obamacare.
He is mentally ill when r u going to do something!!
And you believed him?Quite naive Senator, don’t you think?The majority who voted democrat didn’t fall for his http://scheisse.How  can U?
Senator Schumer don't trust this guy! It'sall a ploy to turn it back on the Dems & blame them for healthcare problems. He's a notorious liar
Chuck You Schumer!
@POTUS He doesn't mean what he says!!
why do you trust him..?
This mess was created by U, Nancy & other Dumbocrats.  The American healthcare community was not broken but U all had to screw it up so bad.
Oh and Chuck is the great legislator. 
Keep fighting the good fight. Protect the ACA until Trump et al are gone. The GOP is stagnant so please find candidates that UNITE US!!
I’m a liar. Doesn’t anyone understand that?  I’m also unsure of my own self.  Oops, I talk too much!!!
and Sen Schumer. This surprises you coming from a 'pathological liar' ??
Healthcare or Obama care they are completely different.
He has no idea about any "care" at all.
WHY DO YOU BELIEVE ANYTHING HE SAYS?
What do you expect from a Madman ?
Looks like your party have some splaining 2 doIt's about time things have turned & r pointing towards the swamp creaturesTell me just one
more time, who colluded with RussiaPlease just tell us one more time, we the people of the United States  I'm listening 
He can’t be trusted, his word means nothing.
Stop calling the ACA “Obamacare”. Anything associated with Obama enrages Trump. Why; who knows!
trump flip flops more than a stunned mullet on the deck of a fishing trawler.
No. Just lying. Absolutely pathological liar.
He is suffering from mental health of elderly that starts with D, and it's early too
Democrat choice to USA
Chuck u
You can’t trust a pathological liar.
Never make a deal with the devil
If you were a civil war general chuck I think you would rate a Burnsides reputation .
Just don’t talk about Russia. Anything but Russia.
Hope your Swiss account is order Chucky the apple cart is going to tip and you're going down. Your corrupt disgraceful career will be outed
Senator Trump really doesn’t care about health care
Why does this still come as a surprise!?! Would expect nothing more from a Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Trump. Never trusted him....never will.
stop meeting with him he is a liar, deflector, charlatan, disrespecting disgusting human being and a bottom feeding swamp dweller avoid pls
never trust a personality disorder
You can’t trust a liar.
Yes, how do you like it!   He sounds like a Democratic!!  I hope he changes again like you do!
How much longer must the country suffer at the hands of mentally ill Trump?
And YOU TRUSTED HIM..START IMPEACHMENT
Dems MUST fight for Obamacare! If they don't what they do in Washington? Stand up against cuts to OC, no budget, no talks with Putin puppet!
Don't ever trust him.  He'll throw you under the bus at the drop of hat.
Hasn't anyone figured out that he doesn't have a fucking clue what he's doing? Seriously, are we all going to die because of him?
You refuse our wall no way will we give in
Have an open table live on TV do America can see how your moronic mind works!

Just impeach him! Why talk? Are you guilty? I think so.
He can’t be trusted
Hate to tell u, ObamaCare is chaos and expensive and ur slavery to bailing out insurance companies isndespicable
Well, then why r u morons not doing one thing to fix it, fix the crappy ObamaCare YOU gave us
Chuck I can see you're all over the HC bill. That's why Trump had to EO it. If you guys wld of done ur job right, wldn't have these issues
U know under britains wonderful health care if u r overweight or smoke they will do NO operations
When he stated that we as in not him but us have fantastic healthcare...he obviously has never walked in the average Americans shoes
Why are Democrats not showing public your ideas? Hold rally’s run ads showing failures of this administration. Trump is a gift to Democrats
Trump is run by Bannon and his base. He will not work with anyone unless it benefits him. Democrats needs to arrange rally’s run ads.ENOUGH
Elections have consequences!!!
And you believed him, why? You guys need to go on offense for once and stop letting the GOP control every narrative. Toughen up guys & gals
He must have changed his underwear. What color was it today & what color was it 2 weeks ago when you spoke with him. Lol He's so indecisive
U r surprised @realDonaldTrump went back on his word! Shocking - not.
Your problem is, you think he is sane. He is not sane. do not make me repeat my self, He ......
This man is a liar and prove daily that his words means nothing.
He’s a #fuckingmoron
@realDonaldTrump care to comment on Chuck, what’s up with the health care?
@POTUS @JEFFSESSIONS @STEPHENMILLERAL @4US_WORKERS U KEEP ZIG ZAGGING ON PAY2PLAY - DONOR $ IN EXCAHNGE FOR CHEAP FOREIGN H1B LABOR CHUCKIE!
FOR YRS YOU WATCHED AMERS BEING SUBSERVIENT TO THE H1B's REPLACING THEM & YOU NEVER ONCE MADE A STMT CHUCKIE - WHO ARE YOU?
WE FELT LIKE THE SAILORS ON THE IRAN SHIP - KNEELING DOWN TO GET OUR SEVERANCE 'CAUSE LAID OFF CO-WORKERS BEFORE US COULDN'T FIND A JOB..
WHO ARE YOU CHUCKIE STANDING UP & GIVING INSPIRATIONAL TALKS TO COLLEGE KIDS WHILE BACK DOORING THEIR JOBS & FUTURES TO INDIA?  WHO ARE YOU?
YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE CHUCKIE- YOUR A COWARD -ALONG WITH THE REST OF CONGRESS WHO NEVER MADE A STMT WHILE AMERICANS TRAINED THEIR H1B RPLMTS!
@FLOTUS @IVANKA @HANNITY @TuckerCarlson @IngrahamAngle @michellemalkin @AnnCoulter @LOUDOBBS @newtgingrich NOT ONE STATEMENT !! SILENCE.
ITS NOT EVEN CONCEIVABLE.
My bet is you threw something the pres was opposed to. Liberals will never support the pres. His success threatens your agenda. Won't work

Everybody associated with @POTUS gets a knife in the back eventually. Unless your name is Trump, and even then I'm not sure.
Bipolar ?  At best!
