If only we had someone presidential in the White House who could send appropriate tweets like this one.
You have far more class than 45 who has ignored this momentous day and chose instead to tweet all his grievances the moment he woke up.
YOU WILL HAVE PLENTY OF TIME TO REMEMBER WHEN WE VOTE YOU OUT OBSTRUCTIONIST LIAR DRAIN THE SWAMP
You do not care about America or the soldiers and you should resign traitor!
It is our shame that we allow bigots, white supremacists, & nazis in WH. The soldiers who served so gallantly should not be so disrespected.
You want immigrants and travelers from TERRORIST MUSLIM COUNTRIES to come to MY/OUR country, you are a LIAR, a FRAUD, and MORE. #TRAITOR

Super nice of our president to ignore D-Day and instead spend time insulting our allies. #Veterans #TheResistance #NotmyPresident #Impeach45
My grandfather was involved in D-Day, as were quite a few male relations.  Learning from the past hasn't helped much these days.
Trollbot
Looks like the Nazis are making a come back. Why do you think that is?
U don't give a rats ass
Canada, UK & US all went over to Europe to help out our allies -- didn't even asked to get paid! Imagine that!
.@1choice I AGREE. But it's time to help AMERICA. Replace H/C AND DO TAX BILL WITH GOP OR SO FIRED. WAKE UP CHUCK DON'T BE SNOOK
One wonders how many went, in spite of #bonespurs?
You forgot the Poles.
It's very disrespectful to veterans that you took a statement like this and twisted into something like this.
It's amazing you can remember anything...
It's very disrespectful to veterans that you took a statement like this and twisted into something like this.
I paid my REAL respect to veterans, not like Chuckie who is never really sincere.
He's sounded pretty sincere every time I've met him. And considering his last Republican got challenger got 27% of the vote, keep dreaming.
Ok you win! Happy now sunshine?

Do you know what D stands for?
So now you can let in the islamic fascists to take over
You failed to mention that Czechoslovakia, Greece, New Zealand, the Netherlands, Norway and Poland hit the beaches as well on 6/6/44.
Democrats love bloodshed and war!
Trump dumb but should b the 1 bring this acclamation 4 the fallen instead of sucking his thumb
Where were you?
Republicans dismantled the New Deal and put a Russian spy in the White House. Shame. Shame.
and russians

Not the president or one Republican has given any tribute to our Confederates on D-Day except you; thanks to Britain Canada and the French!!
And Aussies!!!
#France is very thankful to our #American, #Canadian,#Australian,#British friends who gave their lives for our freedom.We shall never forget
Now if we could be saved from trump 
My father.
Chuck man up you like lady in distress while fake POTUS is cluster f...u...c...k....
Sad when patriots give their lives and GOP will not even sacrifice their jobs....
Errata: Today we remember all who served on D-Day, British, Canadian, French and American allied against Nazis. #DDay
That sounds like an insult coming from YOU.
Thank you
Like the veterans you abandoned and left to rot in VA hospitals? Now you're patriotic? People wont forget a phony a**hole like you
You insult the countries of Australia, Canada, Belgium, Czechoslovakia, Greece, New Zealand, the Netherlands, Norway, and Poland
These brave men died so that members of senate would work together for the American people. They are the true resistors.
Don't forget Australians too.
Thank you for the bravery and blood shed, ancestors.
Phony. Why don't you support teaching this to children? Instead you support revisions anti-American history
Because it would take more than the few days of the year he panders to Veterans.
How about the death of Robert Kennedy?
Nazis in the white house
Including my father, in which if he was alive, would ask you why you are not fighting the threat to Americans now: terrorism.
Best way to honor them is to recommit to NATO Article V.
Did you ever serve ?
Schumer Don't Even Serve The People! He Has His Own Agenda! Obstructing!
June 6 1944, 73yrs ago today, our fathers, grandfather's, great grandfather's, landed on the beaches of Normandy. They fought against evil.
They fought against an authoritarian government. It happened to be Nazi's. There are authoritarian gov today. They go by a different name.
Malcolm X-----said that liberal is a NASTY word

His speech http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8108559/1/ …
that very funny as your work so hard to kill we the people for islamic muslim  president Trump fights in court to save us !!your goal
It's very disrespectful to veterans that you took a statement honoring them and instead went on an irrelevant, paranoid rant/
Wrong! Your armies invaded my Party's territory because the Jews ordered you to!
Thank you to the Greatest Generation who save the world.
I'm pretty sure Russia helped
Only to have new nazis like you!! Your pedophile ways will soon find you out little Chucky. Good luck in prison with your buddy McCain
@CNN Let's hope Anderson Cooper takes a big dump on your desk so you have more crap to report on.
Please don't forget the Free Polish
Finally you say something I can agree with. Now don't shame these men with your liberal agenda!
Schumer: classy message
Trump: trashy message
Us: just another Tuesday

#TrumpTaxes
And not a peep from Trump...business as usual whining about the press
Liar
RIP Uncle Bobby.
Chuck, just an FYI. My polish forefathers were there too. Hit me up. Lunch soon.
We service men say chuck shove it in your ear I would not have served if it was mutts like you and the other cowardly lefties
Yes, but will they be with us in future? Consider the negative/hostile sentiments toward DT already being exhibited by our allies
Both of my grandfathers fought the Nazis, and yet democrats call me a Nazi for loving our President.  Get your shit together.
Still fighting Nazis, White supremists & pure hate. It's just that they're much closer 2 us, like next door! Alienated allies don't leave us
We must remember those who were lost. Yet also remember not to celebrate our war obsessed culture.
My dad was in the invasion, Omaha Beach.  As a child, I heard stories of that time. Another reason why America was always great to me!
A special thank you to my grandfather, a WWII Navy vet. who was there & received the French Medal of Honor 4 his service. #DDay @jaketapper
Please thank him for his service and sacrifice.
#France is very thankful to our #American, #Canadian,#Australian,#British friends who gave their lives for our freedom.We shall never forget
Nazis, Democratic party. what's the difference?
Only positive remark you have made in a year.
Oh, look all those different political people worked together for common good. Why can't you and @SenateDems & @SenateGOP do the same
What are you doing to safeguard America against the current threat, ISIS and Radical Islamic terrorists? #resist & obstruction will not help
America is still Europe's dearest ally like in the past no man can break this bond. Our friendship surpasses any man with evil intentions..
Blah blah blah
Another Trump troll with only a handful of followers...
8 years of dismantling the military under Obama says a lot more than the pandering crap you print today. WE see you for what you are.
Irish, Polish, Hungaraian and many more thanks
~
PLEASE GET HEALTH CARE DONE.

COOPERATE FOR THE PEOPLE. 
~
Leader.
The 16,000 allied Armed Forces that landed on the beaches of Normandy; Thank You! Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York, Dem.Minority Leader
Now it's time to get rid of our present day Nazi, Trump
My Uncle , 110th AAA battalion, D battery, landed on Dog Green sector Omaha beach with the 29th around noon on D-Day.
CNN is Hitler
A day when Americans and their allies, showed the world,  the meaning of sacrifice, courage, leadership and loyalty.  We were great !
Thank you for remembering what POTUS couldn't
Senator, what do those countries call us now, certainly not allies? Are we considered Russians in their eyes?
I hope so they're all considered Muslim countries
You didn't even support the Gulf war! you make me sick!
And yet we r still fighting them with in the dem party
Thank you Senator from a Canadian...
Someone from the Capital might want to jog over to the House In Crisis (WH) and tell tRump!
As the grandson of 2 men who served in the D-Day invasion please do not tarnish their legacy with your BS sentiments.
Yes we all do remember that as for you you going to wish everybody a happy Ramadan again Schumer you're a creep
OMG acknowledging another religions holy month.. how horrible of him.. Muslim's are not terrorists.. ppl with radicalized ideology are
That act on those beliefs...you can't lump a whole religion because of a few extremists...
In that case all Christians are now radical extremist terrorists
don't see Christian's going round cutting off heads Burnin PPL in cages driving down PPL on bridge stabbing people blowing up little girls
Do we still have any allies?  @SenSchumer
If you weren't such an obstructionist this would be a nice honoring tweet...
Tell @realDonaldTrump that's what we are supposed to be doing today. My dad fought in WW2. He doesn't want to hear Trump's whining.
as the little man in the white house googles D-Day
Probably thinks it's Donald Day
This is what leadership looks like. Thank you Senator.
We need to remind our supposed President of our allies.
Thank you.  Let's honor their legacy by keeping our culture.  We need an immigration bill to stop 2nd generation terrorist births!
