Go home
This is a lie.
Why don't you start with Liz Warren?  She pays her female staffers over 20% less than her male staffers. You're a fake! And you lie.
Except that it is. Are you ignorant or a liar?
ah yes, you sure do cherish and respect women at work..
what's up "Schumer the clown"
The equal pay is a fake topic, people get unequal pay mainly of their different responsibilities toward jobs.
And before I get any haters, I actually love to cook and yes bake pies. I just do it when I'm not being a trauma ER RN.
Donate your income and position would be a great jesture
Yes! Especially if you work for @SenWarren ! Shameless dems. #hypocrisy #draintheswamp #termlimits
What exact holiday is equal payday? Good gosh -no credibility
Well tell those women to get on the bakl and start working an equak amount of hours as a man, and then they'll earn as much.
#paygapmyth
Keep the gender pay gap myth alive Chuck.  Your constituents are counting on you!  Lol
If an equal pay bill was brought up for cloture I'm sure you would lead the filibuster #hypocrisy
Yep thanks to U Dems!
Especially, when so many Democrats pay men more than women such as HillBill.  Bill tried to equalize pay w/his body part.
check your & Senator Warrens staff; practice what you preach
Ask Liz Warren about equal pay
so what are you all in dc waiting for do something pass a law or something that will stsy
I get equal pay and can make more than my male colleagues based on productivity
Don't recall this being one of your issues prior to the President Trump phenomena?  Dems R looking to appeal to anyone over anything.  Liars
IIKE Elizabeth Warren and her paying women 71% of men?
Tragic? Deplorable? Unimaginable? Unfair? Un-American?Great...why did I go to college?I guess I should go bake a pie UGH
In all your years in corruption you should say nothing about this. NYS is a welfare state of inflated taxes and no higher paying jobs.
AMA that all your time in office you've done nothing about this (contrived) issue.
Says the old PRIVILEGED WHITE GUY!
Trump will get us there. You and Obama didn't do it. Said you did. Another lie

You are a snake
Chucky Schumer and fellow Dems think women are weak & helpless and can only survive because of the federal govt. Real women know better!
If this were remotely true, why didn't you do so something over the past 8 years?
Look to your little Indian friend Warren she pays her male staff higher than female.  Say what chucky ?
Elizabeth Warren doesn't approve this message.  I mean she does, but no way in hell she'd pay women the same... Just like Clinton foundation
Maybe @SenSchumer you should retire and let #NewYork voters decide whether to elect a woman as your replacement for #EqualPay! #Hypocrite
Please pass this information on to #ElizabethWarren
Schumer...a huge part of the reason so many Dems have jumped ship. Keep up the great wor!
Utter BS
And what have YOU done about that in 20 years . So stupid.
So, the million dollar question here is: Why not? Why isn't it a reality?
@NancyPelosi You are correct. I think your salary should be reduced to be more in line with Pelosi's and other woman coworkers
Dose Elizabeth Warren make the same amount as you do ? I'll just google that.
After 8 years of Obama how could that be ? I guess if Obama had fixed everything your party would have nothing to say your fighting for.
It's a commemoration that some people don't think understand economics or choice and consequence.
I sure miss your global warming and Russia conspiracies. I guess this will be the new liberal talking point for the next 6 months
If women are really paid less why aren't more women hired? why hire men if women can work cheaper??? doesn't make sense. reality check
What after all these years with Dems in the White House no help for the working women. She on y'all. Good thing the grownups took over.
SMH
Hypocrisy!  Pocahontas pays her female employees then than male employeez!
The wage gap has been debunked many times over the years here's a video explaining why the wage gap is a myth
#EqualPayDay is not a holiday... 
So Chuck what are you doing about it?Just an old broad tired of waiting for equal.
That includes the staff pay of Democrats too. Your party doesn't have a great track record of equal pay.
Well Ur Party was in control 4 8 yrs! What happened with U fixing equal pay 4 women? Guess it wasn't important then, right????
It may not be where your at but is is where I live. Washington idiots.
Dem under pay women
Chuckie please just stop. Want to see you after. The 2018 elections
Pandering. Ass.
Is this a real holiday or some pitiful attempt at stirring up shit?
What alternate reality are you living in?
Yes it is already happened.
please post the salaries of all your staff, thanks.
Hey Shmuck if woman make less than men for the same work why don't companies hire only women. Thanks for ruining the senate BTW
Next time you See Slimy Harry Reid thank him for Gorsuch. Live long Ginsberg. Or maybe not
What about the reality of 9M American overseas' lives being ruined by #FATCA and CBT?. Why are you an expat hater?
Let's help implement the tax reforms & they can pay themselves a higher wage by the jobs they create
You must know that it's an Earnings Gap not a Wage Gap. But hey, why not pander for votes?

You've in Congress 36 years.  What tangible achievement do you have in this issue?  None!  You are the poster boy for term limits.Deplorable
we can and must do better
Chuck you're a weak sellout if you believe this, why doesn't truth matter at all in Washington?
You are so correct, and it appears Hollywood actors/actresses have a huge disparity too. Hmm 
http://screenrant.com/highest-paid-actors-of-2016/?view=all …
Impo the Clinton foundation has enough money donated from countries that discriminate women's they must create a mutual fund 2 provide help
Hey Puppet, how come U R not screaming about Citizens Privacy Rights? U do know lying Susan was spying on Americans 4 political purposes?
So show us ur pay scale for ur employees. I think ur all talk and no walk. By the way they are going nuclear because of u. Fool
How about a females right to be born?  Don't pretend to care.
#headclown panders for female vote while Ivanka is in WH actually doing something. Your owned in more ways than 1 Chucky!
blah blah blah same Schumer same $hit, different day
blah blah blah lies lies lies
Your powerless haaahaaahaaa
Equal pay act was signed by Kennedy in 1963. Move on to the next bullshit issue you have.
*Citation needed
Yea.....like you really care!!!!!
Nobody wants to live in ur reality Chuck! #globalistpuppet
Well, start enforcing the Equal Pay Act of of 1963 signed by JFK. Oh wait...
If this is a Democrat party issue, why didn't you fix it over the past 8 years?  Not Trump's fault.  Looks like he's trying to fix it.
as a politician, you'd think you'd know of the #EqualPayAct of 1963 which prohibits pay discrimination based on gender and race.
Do you wake up every morning and wonder what is the most idiotic liberal statement you can make today? Seems like it.
Chuck u r always screaming "fire" in a movie theater & crying wolf to the hunters
Sine lefties are full of Crap and your the lead Crapper how are the women paid your staff hope all haveobama waivers
She is a bit confused about being Native American also.  Again, you may want to find someone to talk to her about all of this confusion.
How many days you working this month, Chuckie?
Put ur vagina hat on and join the protests Chucky
Appreciate that.
Should men resist male privilege? Should women embrace victimization? Or maybe women could seek employment where they ARE paid equally?
1. It's not a holiday, 2. I don't understand how someone continues to spread a false statistic?
So another law not being enforced?
Try that with your muslims your let in chucky the clown
it will take a giant leap backwards under trump.. women don't matter in trump's world.
The Bots have been let loose today. The fact that they would support the unequal treatment of women shows they must be heartless computers.


Boy you got SLAMMED here, Chucky lol
Gender pay gap is a myth. It has been disproven again and again. Women who spend same amt of time in workforce actually make a little more
Can you show some evidence of this? Or are we just taking what you say at face value?
It is said that the number one reason women don't make more money in this country is because simply put, they don't ask for it.
Unless u worked 4 Trump. Trump paid women equally or more than men & were given ceiling shattering positions over men. Hillary: Not so much
Chuck whatever you done to close the gap?
Right on Chuck keep telling girls they should use a man as a measure of her worth punch her in the gut old man
It never will be, naturally
Well maybe you better get on it Chuckie.
Proof Or na?
NOR To How woman r TREATED! just look back at TRUMP's comments from the campaign trail! Imagine working beneath ( pun intended) him in WH!
Trump actually treats women with respect asshat ! Stop beating the drum from over 60 yrs ago . Get on board or jump !
Ridiculous any woman who aspires to be paid like a man obviously has very very low standards for herself
Susan rice knows
Divide and conquer. Male vs female. Black vs white. Rich vs poor. Who ALWAYS drives a wedge to divide our people-DEMOCRATS Always politics!
Oh senator.....keep it up. Us righties need someone to laugh at. Thanks man! You rock!
Amazing how you liberals obscure the facts.  Averages lie Chuck just like liberals! Woman with equal skill & tenure are equally compensated
Try this for "equal pay" and stop dividing our country with all the victimology.
Equal pay is federal law. "Wage gap" caused by career choice, drive to seek promotions, child care, and hours worked. Stop pushing lies.
you sound like a woman.  do you get equal pay?
#unequalpayday!
Most employers simply cannot afford to pay higher wages. It's a fact that must be accepted. Besides, wages should be set by state gvt's.
Does anyone think the Trumps will decide not to use H-1B laborers throughout their businesses on Equal Pay Day?
Especially after the Cheeto pulls a stunt like this
NBC News: Trump pulls back Obama-era protections for women in the workplace http://nbcnews.to/2o3nRCF 
#EqualPayDay isn't actually a holiday.
Why do you show women as being weak? Many women out there work hard, support their families, and make good money.Your statement is negative.
Lefty men all sit to pee that's why they shit their mouths to act tough
Should be called the "earnings gap". Wage gap is entirely misleading and intellectually dishonest.
Wtf is wrong with you that that's worthy of a response on a day to bring attention to an ongoing problem for women. Ppl like you suck
Women as a whole are paid less on average than men. That = earnings. Women and men who have the same job are paid that same. That = wages
Lie. Women make just as much as men. Except for in the Hillary campaign.
Some jobs they get equal pay but men do most of the work
Chill Chucky!!! You tweet 10x more than @realDonaldTrump does.
Republicans are lucky Trump's "hands" are small... At least it's easier to bend over for him without a spine. Sad!
Republicans set standards like a limbo contest. Keep lowering the bar and praise what gets under
