You let the hospitals and service rot before our eyes! Don't try to play us now Chump!
Chuckie lies a lot! Why do you tell your big boy lies? #termlimits
Protect vets. They served. Now we take of their medical. @SenSchumer @MaxMaxsilva1946
Don't act like you care about us! Most Democrats act like just like you.. Sad
Examples please
My personal experience in the VA has been terrible since I retired. I have friends that have committed suicide bc of the VA..
Chuck, our Vets know you can't care less. Trump's got our Vets back, we have all their backs! Keep walking Chuckie, we need you not!
BULL total BULL he wants Vets to be able to go wherever the care is best. WHY do you lie so much?
Isn't that ur responsibility? Aren't u  just saying to all how little u have done for our national hero's! U really are quite the arse!!
TRUMP wants to allow them to go to any health facility near them don't leave facts out on what his plans are
You should blame yourself and your party senator fake tears for what's happening to our veterans open your eyes Obamacare is failure.
like you give a shit about veterans.  As a Democrat, you just want all veterans to shut up and go away.
That's COMPLETE BS! Dems ARE NOT the party trying to privatize the VA! And as someone who used the VA, privatizing it would be detrimental!
Veterans can use Tricare.
STOP THAT that is bullshit. No matter how you get there, they pay you for being there, No matter HOW FAR IT IS. Run your BS on someone else
All you do is complain
#fakenews
They should move out of NY. I DID!!!
You don't know anything about the needs of veterans.
VA is a mess and the Dems have not done anything for 8yrs. Now it is a talking point u think u can $ in on. Sick just sick of u.
Id love to move upstate NY and buy a 20 Acre farm for the price of 2 Brm Condo in NYC. But we don't becuz the nearest hospital is 3hrs away.
That has nothing to do with the federal government, New York State needs to invest in it's Boondock areas.
Spewing more hate. You should be a debt collector maybe a new job!! #getoutchucky #youaretheswap
Why can't you convert a wing of a local hospital to VA and have people working together for the good of the whole?
Trumpcare=deathcare.
What did Obama's terms do to help the Vet's?
Where have you been the past eight years!!! Hypocrite
So my being raped is ok? Or dying of cancer? Or being beat black & blue 4 the 10 yrs of my marriage? Thanks for that...I'M HUMAN TOO
What are your solution is Chucky? You're a Democrat plan totally failed. Obama care was a fluke and you know it
No it doesn't.
Nonsense.
Closest VA hospital for my husband(now dead), 5yr. Vietnam vet, was 2 hrs away. During 2 week chemo treatments, he was alone, while I worked
That is not true. Tell the truth Senator. Stop twisting info
We treat VA patients as a Community Provider in our rural area. Trump is killing this program, but the VA reps are doing their best...
As a matter of fact nobody really ever mentioned the veterans during any election and nor did they mention illegal immigration?? Hmmm?
You know what's really weird is that you never really cared about the VA hospitals until Trump was the one that mentioned it?
#TermLimits
Tell them which Vet states would suffer b/c tax credits would be useless.  Voters need the next layer of data detail to realize impact
Pls stop lying to us - you know that they can go to pvt doc now.
Yes and that's why he extended the Choice program so they can go to prvt doc instead - not perfect but a start.
#UpChuck needs to cry for his wall street Big Pharma donors or he won't get paid
I can't fathom why you'd want vets to continue to suffer as they did under #Obama ! Wait lists, death panels, opiates instead of treatment!
Breaking Schumer gets bad news from home ,Constituets want results not Reid complaints , voter support shrinking . Looks like Schumer out
You need 2 focus on getting an independent investigator after Trump. 
Several members of cabinet seem 2 be Russian assets according to DOJ
That the problem your listening to the corrupt DOJ 
Stop lying to the public you really don't think people are formed what about trumps executive order to allow vets to go any Dr they want
Best insurance  free but not thanks to you wee have veterans suffering like never before and what you do nothing just  not fear for veteran
That's false - .@POTUS favors allowing veterans to use private healthcare facilities - You lie way too much Chuck. #LyinChuckSchumer
In 8 years in power you don't do nothing to solve the problem now some one try to fix your mess now complaining.this people deserved have
Its funny bc all the Vets i know love whats going to be in the heath bill for vets so who do you think I'll believe You or the ppl who go?
We love our veterans, just words and maybe a parade or an honor ceremony. But take care of them, no, just words.
Thanks you DEMOCRATS who making the life this poor people who are heroes and come back and threats like garbage suppose have free insurance
ITS NOT TRUMPCARE! Also the ACA is unaffordable but you won't say that. All these protests on the left are ridiculous grow up!
Relax & and Vote,  YES  for #TermLimits for all.
Again over last 8 years conditions and care has deteriorated at VA Hospitals #crickets
Support #HR676 #MedicareForAll
Oh , he only allowed them to use any doc they wish. you are a disgraceful liar
You bet it does. That's Big League Trump for you Sen. Schumer.
Didn't he just sign order that VA care will b covered with private MDs?
Chuck Schumer is right and Republicans will never talk about that and we all know all the publics at risk The man in charge is hurting us
So just use that private plane you so often fly around in and help them out. Or FIX THE VA!
Trump signed EO so that vets can go where they want for care as your Dem run VA is bad bad bad, good for killing them is all, VOTE OUT Chuck
Since they pay more then most Obamacare recipients . Va offered horrible care . Obamacare and democrats killing off vets for illegals
Moron that means their is a lack of medical facilities , that's why trumo signed order allowing them to seek medical care elsewhere since
chuck trump committed Treason, he has to be impeached what are you waiting for, trump Is a commie who does not care about AMERICANS
That's why we need all of you to #SavetheACA . Our health shouldn't be used in cruel GOP hate campaign to destroy @POTUS44 legacy.
And the Russo-Trumpian bots will attack in 3...2..
Trump says they can go to ANY doctor in his order-what have you done in HOW MANY yrs for Vets! NOTHING apparently as they are quietly dying!
#Trumpcare discards the sick, poor & elderly. More & more it is seeming that it may be by design.
Can u wait 4 the presentation of newest version of health bill b4 the senate before u throw the baby out with the bath water ?
Chuck you should be ashamed of yourself
What the hell have you or Obama done for vets for the last eight years? Crawl back in your hole.
I'm confused. Are you for or against another healthcare plan?
Tell me exactly what you have done for any Veteran in the last 8 years. Retire and let the real American's do the job you couldn't seem to.
Trump just signed in Access order for the Vets. They can get help anywhere they want to now. You didn't help them for the last 8 years
what difference is that going to make chuck when traitor comey is going to murder them anyway?
yea the V A did great under your and obamas leadership for 8 years. Vets died because of u and obama so don’t b s now you phony
And it's about to get 1000x worse when Trump decides to take healthcare away from 7mill vets! Pay attention, idiot!
