@SenSchumer When are you going to stand with people over insurance and pharma profits for single payer?
LOL let it alone and O car can fail it will be a Dem fiesco. .
How is George Soros doing today Chuck?
Hey Chucky, instead of resisting & saying things mean, which is really doing nothing & childish. Y not say what u like/don't & help tune it?
Goodbye Schumer.  Can't wait to see you out!
Come on cryin Chuck, fix Obamancare then.
This is a pattern you have Chucky. Judging a bill without reading it. That's how you voted for Obama Care, isn't it Chucky.
Retire Chuck
obamacare stripped 716 billion off of medicare left vets to die
Well Chucky Baby get off your duff and join in on crafting a good one. Baby.
Democrats are not incredible but deplorable and lack humanity.  I am sure you can relate you political old hack.
Why can't you understand that we still don't believe any of you have a right to anything we have earned, stop stealing for your constituents
It is mean to LIE to the American people about @POTUS being under investigation.  You losing cryin chuck, it is time to bend the knee.
https://twitter.com/aliranger29/status/878428841773019136 … a must read @SenSchumer
It seems fitting that, with the #TrumpCare debate raging, I got this bill in the mail today from Ethan's most recent open heart surgery. 
You not to go Chuck, your no,good for NY
Chuck you're an idiot... what would you do to fix Obamacare???
How did everyone there get the day off work.
Freelancers, working 3rd shift, working a retail job... vacation time... caring more about other people than money...
u are  a corrupt crook empty you pockets ustole all I made
I am tired of paying for to support people that are deprived for some reason or the other
What a liar you are! Knew Trump was not under investigation but told US he was. We can no longer trust you. A liar.
Chucky, Why are all the company's pulling out? Who is paying for your great Obama plan that needs to be filed with Monica's Dress. "wink"
Chucky has his insurance paid for by the state.
I have a novel idea: work together & fix the damn thing! @SenSchumer
I have a better idea. Step aside and let the politicians that actually care about the people take the lead.
Interesting, my fathers nickname was Oley. Is your family from Mt Carmel, PA?
I hope so since this is Jerry your brother. Lol
Lol! You nut job! That's a good one buddy! I was getting fired up with your reply! That's funny!
Chuck the days of being baffled by the Democrats is OVER. Your razzle dazzle don't work. Cry your tears elsewhere, Man up! #ResignToday #GFY
When will you apologize to America for lying about POTUS being under investigation when you were told he wasn't?  Lying to us all is "mean"
.@SenSchumer, @physicianwomen thank you for standing up for our patients and opposing this bill. Lives are at stake, and we stand beside you
Have you read the 134 pages?
McConnelll blocked us knowing about it BEFORE ELECTION.
Show me were?
Chuck U, ur quite mean... as all the LibDemProgs (causing or) asking for ViOlEnCe in the streets like LORETTA LYNCH. Will u denounce ANGER?
Playing baseball, Chuck? Or am I allowed 2 ask that as an American? Is it all right w/u if I support our president, whom u personally hate?
This is what Democrats need to be doing. Calling out the Republicans about what they are doing.
If Obamacare is so great why did Schumer and Obama exempt themselves from it?
What's MEAN is lying to everyone about @realDonaldTrump @SenSchumer KNEW HE WASNT UNDER INVESTIGATION
Sounds and looks juvenile we don't even have obamacare in Ohio was that mean chuck? You and NYC health system LIE!!
Photo op Chuck is at it again
Poor lyin' cryin' chucky boy looking like a bigger loser everyday. The internet knows your crimes. #Chuckycheese
You need to convince more GOP senators to oppose this bill. They want to replace Obamacare with abominable care.
http://www.hannity.com/articles/hanpr-election-493995/watch-sen-grassley-rips-schumer-for-15937106/ …
What we have now is meaner, Repeal the ACR and both houses need to work on a graduated taxed replacement for everyone. Like car insurance.
You sound like a five year old tattling on big brother. "Mommy! Trump's being mean again!" I swear I'm getting ready to mail you a pacifier.
Insurance lobbyists win for them cut middle man medical providers do all clerical work anyway insurers shuffle paper work taxpayer pays

Senator why did you lie about the POTUS being investigated? You cannot be trusted
Lying Obama care was mean. Premiums unaffordable, deductibles unaffordable. So mean and heartless. Eight years you didn't care mean mean
Y not come up with a better plan Clown rather than just complain; Obamacare is going bankrupt, we need repeal and replace now #MAGA
Mean? What a funny choice of words for the Congress man who knew President wasn't being investigated. Even when told you went out there and
Spoke as if you knew he was. Sen Grassley spoke on C-Span. However, after seeing u with Soroi's son, it explains what a lying a schmuck U R
U talkin Obamacare Chuckles
Who is going to pay for this "less mean" healthcare bill?

What's mean is the huge financial burden Obamacare placed on the middle class.  They lost their doctors, their insurance and their money
If you cry Chuck maybe it will help
#Demslosing
Are you gonna fake cry again, Chuckie?
Although I really wish @SenateDems would just put out a fix #ACA bill to show everyone what could be done to make it better.
Thanks for supporting us. Don't forget about the critical Medicaid Waiver services that get disabled Americans to work & keep them there!
Go Chuck!
Chuck, you must wear asbestos pants because normal ones would be on fire. Grassley caught you in a bold faced lie to the American public.
MEANER?

“Whole Time” Liar Schumer Said Trump Was “Under Investigation”, He knew He Wasn’t

http://bit.ly/2tFEowS  #MAGA #TCOT #TEAParty
Crying Chuck lies again about a health care plan he never read.  You R stupid for thinking we believe your McCarthyite propaganda
U, Pelosi, & obama should continue your lying McCarthyite propaganda b/c it repelled Americans from voting for Dems.
Being outed as a liar surprises no-one Chuck! That's why your called lying crying Chuck Schumer. Karma is watching!!
Obstruction to solving the problems created by the ACA is not leadership. Knowingly perpetuating a lie against @POTUS is despicable and sad.
If its so great why did you exempt yourself from it? Would you enroll in obamacare? I dare you!
U are totally discredited. U knew President wasn't under investigation all along, yet U ACTIVELY & REPEATEDLY lied about it.Take us 4 fools?
I miss the Russian narrative
You only had the bill in your hand for 10 mins how did you write a speech without reading the bill?  Answer that if you can.
NYC the armpit of NY sanctuary city time for legislation to divide our state NYC out of touch with the rest of the state from syracuse west
If you werent q duplicitous wimp it wouldnt seem so "mean", but with O-care my coverage from work has a 5000, thanks for that SCHMUCKY #maga
YOU WILL BE ACCOUNTABLE ONE DAY TO THE ONLY TRUE KING!!!!!!
@SenateDems @repjoecrowley @HouseDemocrats Agreed. Forget insurance: We need #SinglePayerNow. #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll #NHSforUSA
Dems are 0-5 you and Pelosi are next out of touch with America sad.Dems are nothing what America stands for time for a recall on "you"! 
One there will be amendments you know that, also at least you can read it prior unlike dems with Obama care sticking it up America's ass yes
So you still want to bankrupt people?
Obstruction is worthless just like you Chuck the SMUCK
And did u tell these ppl that u refused since day 1 to help rite a bill that would help.
Then where is the Democrats bill? We do not have time to complain & act like victims. STANDUP & B 4 the people b4 our country is in Tyranny!
Unite the party and stop Hilobots from trashing progressives, we are the future of the party #NotMeUs Activists are standing up on so much
Hey Chucky,Y don't U tell the truth about the Repub healthcare bill!It's Obama Care light!Almost nothing's changed except cost goes down!
Democratic want benefits, but will not put their name on taxpayer increases. Money comes from borrowing or taxes.  Their is no free lunch
Chuck....be a man!..stop being a Harry Reid clone..... you're embarrassing. I have more confidence in your partisan ability than you!
Typo error.....the word should say "bipartisan"...for you who can't follow this is for Mr Schumer tweet.
 mean mean. Obamacare lies weren't mean Chuck?  You fool. ACA premiums were to go down $2500, not up $5000. Was that compassionate?  FU
Wish you would retire
Mean?
STOP the lies! 
Life expectancy FELL under Obama!
Was OBAMACARE to blame?
Mean, meaner, meanest welcome to extreme politics where your darkest fantasy becomes real
Schummer stop complaining and come up with solutions
OK we need to fund @SenSchumer @SenateDems to print god damn bigger signs.
Chuck I'm in healthcare and Obama care has destroyed the system. Doctors and other ancillary aren't getting paid and going out of business!
Repeal Obamacare! Newsflash: Obamacare has failed, and Libs don't care! It was always designed to fail and be replaced with single payer.
Giving them some of your tissues is not enough sch.  #UseLessSch
You're a mean liar Chuck. You voted for Obamacare and now you blame President Trump! BOO! Spend your time & energy fixing the mistake.
Awesome documentary to watch during the elections enjoyed by millions
Full Movie: "Clinton Cash" https://youtu.be/kp2akjuUULI  via @YouTube Hillary's collusion with Foreign Governments
does anyone care what NYC thinks.
You got busted lying about the president to the American people time for you to apologize. Then quit.
Loser party
Senate Judiciary Chairman Grassley: Chuck Schumer Knew Trump Wasn't Under Investigation but Said He Was Anyway. Dude you are liar!!!
And it dies NOT justceffectvthise on ACA! It takes away free preventive care, no caps, preexisting etc thatbthe ACA gave to ALL of us!
ACA was real mean
Senators who pass this bill are committing genocide of elderly, disable, and the poor.
Blah, blah blah.....such drama!
Whn will u realize healthcare  is going thru U will b regulated to a foot note in history. Trump isn't going away nd either r his suporters
This isn't "mean", these are war plans against the American people, the @SenateGOP is trying to bury our citizens with debt and then dirt
Terrific !
You do realize that the United States tax payers' pockets are not endlessly deep right?
why don't you cry about it
Crying Chuck go home!!!!
REPEAL AND REPLACE CHUCKIE!!
HERE WE GO AGAIN. MORE POISON SPREADING. MORE RESISTANCE. CAN'T WE ALL JUST GET ALONG?
I didn't save 2500. I lost my coverage. And of course my doctor too.
Lets talk about mean you schmuck Schumer
hey cry me a river chucky, how much u paying people to stand there? I could use a $1,000 too!
Why is everyone smiling?  I don't find it humorous in the least.
Remember all the lies you told Chucky in order to pass ACA??? My prems rose 3X because of u.  I lost my Doctor because of u. You're a LIAR!
It's Upchuck lying again. But I love it that Upchuck is in power because republicans will keep winning.
It's not meaner mr shumer!
The ACA totally trashes our health care, sends prems thru the roof, was passed on many lies...GOP is trying to fix and u call them MEAN? smh
ACA repeal is not mean. 

Shooting at congressmen because you disagree with ACA repeal is mean.

@seanhannity @realDonaldTrump @AnnCoulter
You just dont lose. You're a loser
We need to use propaganda like they do!
We need to take the house back and the presidency
I think you all are mean. Get yourself to work and stop being obstructionists. You want your say; got for it!!! Otherwise, do nothing Dems.
It's not meaner, it's cruel! Stop being flip
Give it up the AHCA messed with everyone.
Cruel, crueler, cruelist.
still lying about the health bill.Any thing is better then obamacare that has less people on it due to premiums that sky rocketed
Defeat this bill!
Do you ever feel embarrassed by what you do? Were you elected to do all that showboating? Really?
What I C is th returning of th Nazi party U demsR doing th shooting & th mouthing to create how Adolf did it. I'm redy to protct me & fam.
g
Oh, grow up!  Stop with the "mean" crap.  Obamacare was totally mean, and its author said you counted on Americans being "stupid."
Show us your Crocodile Tears you are an Obstructionist ho have coffee with Soros.
What's mean is what we have now.
