Trump's either mentally ill OR he's a criminal traitor. Which is it?
It's both actually. 
Definitely both. 
Putin knows Trump is incapacitated and is exploiting the fact. 
So is @IvankaTrump and @jaredkushner
Good point. This is an emergency 
All hands on deck.
We are the true Patriots.
Not trolls or corrupt @GOP 
United we stand against hate.
#TheResistance calls for justice.

Dems have more money donated to them then the GOP last year especially billionaires & corp donors. Go look for yourself
And your point is?
There is no evidence of collusion. The only reason you "feel" this way is the media repeated this lie for months & u don't know reality
Sharing our cyber security intelligence so Putin can more easily interfere in our elections
Or figure out there capabilities and tools they may have used to penetrate our election. Ehhh? How about some bi partisanship!!
The election was not hacked but if u believe that the best way a foreign power could make actual votes is voter fraud. Support voter ID
She wanted 2 burn down the WH. She is in jail because she is another violent leftist who was willing to do illegal shit for political agenda
This is documented on her social media account & available online. I didn't have a news outlet lie to me to find that out. Foolishness
Trump is a traitor & you know it mr. Schumer! Time to do something about this plague on our DEMOCRACY. If this isn't ENOUGH what will be!
Actually Schumer is on the Gang of eight. He saw classified intel & lied to you all about collusion. Yet u still believe it now. Be smarter
I know exactly what happened I was one of the ones that actually caught it back then so you need to take your delusion somewhere else please
Where is your evidence & crime after 6 months of repeatedly debunked reporting including today. Same media lied about G20 too
You got to be kidding me dude! ASK the SPECIAL INVESTIGATOR, Muller, the guy in charge of the investigation AGAINST the POTUS! Go away!!!
Mueller & he was given the case after all the other agencies said no evidence. NSA FBI House IC. You're mind is gone
I've asked you not to tweet to me anymore so now I will report you to Twitter & let them deal with U! I suggest posting to people you know!
Oddly you didn't feel that way when Obama was president, you seemed to LOVE Putin...why the change?
We should establish good relationship expecially after Hillary gave Putin 20% of our uranium. Funny how Putin Is now a problem for Dems.
working with Russia on cyber security.  Let's put Trump in a lock box!
U people need to wake up. Dems mount media attacks against anyone opposing them.Thats the truth Dems want World Control N Putin is a rival.
Why is that a low point??? Oh! Maybe because he didn't look like a kickass like your buddy Obama..
\wa
Chuck, you are neverin your office. Been trying to set up meeting. Do you ever work?
Great moment in presidential history!
Chuck Schumer and friends know what to look for when it comes to corruption!They are Pro's!Corrupt as they Come. TERM LIMITS Flush the terds
How can you laugh when you have a terrorist training camp in new your
that is a lie he did not talk about cyber security with Putin.Lets talk about your investments in http://Russia.Free  press is not free
Working with Putin on Cyberwar would require handing over our INTEL & VOTER REGISTRATIONS. Does any American see a problem? Really GOP?
And about the time his election commission wants to consolidate all voter data in US. Someone do something about this madness.
It's a state thing - didn't you READ the real news? He has no right to request the info. It's still a democracy - not a dictatorship!
If everything is good what's the problem?What are theyv trying to hide? Election is over right? U can't improve on what you don't understand
mocking a Free Press with a dictator that regularly murders reporters. #Disgraceful #Shameful #TrumpDontCare
A free press cannot violate libel laws which much of MSM have been doing. Entertainment media is not a free press. They lie for ratings
Libel laws? Bring back The Fairness Doctrine and the question is moot. #FairnessDoctrine ends debate
You have a point but when the FCC sits on its ass for political reasons you have one check & balance left. The media merger need to stop too
Bring back The Pre-Reagan Fairness Doctrine. Things would change. Fast
Russian meeting looks like a "NEST OF SPIES!" How can Jared Kushner keep a security clearance/classified info. The Trump Admin compromised.
They deserve to be mocked. Clowns are fun to mock.
Another low point...Your in office, sort of. Do nothing just make noise.
The free press,is not free to smear lie and fake report on things that matter to ALL Americans. You ( press) ARE enemies of US.
Other low points. Schumer does nothing about Chinese hacking of OPM that stole security files on millions of Americans. Support @POTUS #MAGA
Try four countries donated including Qatar just to start. FBI was denied access to Dems. Servers wonder Why? More bad than good on Servers!
Dems had no problems with Russia until they supported Trump .This isn't about election nothing changed our votes.This is about CONTROL!
Quit lying about Medicaid Russia and get to work for the American people or go home
There's a free press?
Donald Trump notice how he gets negative comments from Chuck Schumer and Dems. Media collusion. Look at Dems. Dems donations history?
There is no Press. They are tabloids and should be illegal!
Why not Schumer? Mocking the lying disgusting liberal media along at you perpetrators is good humor.
Can Robert Mueller's team be overseen & authority by the Senate, so the Pres has no firing authority of Mueller or "Obstruction of Justice?"
The only people not mocking the free press are liberals and even some of them are intelligent.
Crybaby Chuckie: Sec of State HilLIARy SOLD 20% of US Uranium to RUSSIA -CLINTON FOUNDATION BENEFITTED!! Billy boy got $500,000 for speeches

Criminal enterprise trump
Every American should be concerned that POTUS would trust Putin to work together on cyber security. #TrumpRussia #TrumpPutin
49% of Republicans think Russia is our friend. 
Yeah I agree with you Chuck.  He should have started a war and killed us all.  That would show ppl your right..
grammar police live on FB try over there...
I missed the grammar day in master's school.. sorry
Was a joke elitists rarely understand.  Does it bother you that with your PhD you'll never earn half as much as me?
Beat school I ever grad from streets of. NYC oh and USC 'masters school'
There is no free press Trump did the right thing and you know it cuz your criticizing him you should get to work or no job for you
Is that like selling Uranium or your Lukoil $$$ deal with Russia?

lots of people are laughing at the "free" press. Hahaha. And free= leftist media tripe.
you chuck
#ImpeachTrumpNow #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #RussianCollusion #russiagate
@VP @Reince45   Bad idea, of all things, Russia the King of Cyber Warfare!
The only laughing matter is your approval rating is 29% what a pathetic JOKE
Crybaby chuck, Hillary sold uranium to russia, anything there? You are a corrupt lifelong politician. Get a real job.
EVERYONE mocks the free press we have today. What a pack of idiots. CNN is a prime example.
We the American Voted for Pres. trump because we know the Clinton's and how corrupt they are . Hell you Liberals are Destroying America !
Trump decided not too do it you POS
GO AWAY Obstructionist----we know your game
PLEASE SUPPORT OUR POTUS! You guys had plenty of time to make changes and you didn't. Give him a chance please
After 8yrs of being walked on by Russia it has stopped. Sen. you are the poster child for term limits. Resign!
Free press means liars!
Quit your whining and do something for NYS
http://nypost.com/2009/12/16/schumer-calls-flight-attendant-who-told-him-to-turn-off-cell-phone-bitch/ … Here is a low point when our Senators call someone who is a US citizen the B-word and your assistant covered it up
I shall never forget the time when Oloser sat with Medvedev and told him that he would have more FLEXIBILITY with Putin. Shame
Again, selling our uranium & @FLOTUS getting exorbitant speaking fees for the sale would be ok? Will get more work done than your Dem Caucus
Yet! Schumer Silent!
Sir, you & fellow Congress people need to look @ Gerrymandering, & Electoral College. GOP will kill us again in 2020.
Trump mocks US citizens. He mocks anyone he can't temporarily use for self gain. As does his family members.
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy
Trump
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy
Those were HIGHLIGHTS crying Chuck
Please join your Rep & Dem colleagues & DO SOMETHING about our sociopathic @POTUS, Senator. Invoke the 25th (as much as I loathe our @VP)?
Grow Up Chuck. Rise above the Fray. Oh, I get it......you can't!!! Boo Hoo. More from Crying Chuck.
What do you think Foreigners don't see the fake news already? Time to get honest, like our President is. Can't sweep things under the rug!
No one believes your lies or the press. You are a Soros puppet and we are on to you.
What "free press"? You dems have most press in your liberal pockets. Media damage to US is way underestimated.

If you cared about this country you wouldn't be insulting everything @POTUS does & tearing us all down to the world. You are no team player
Really I thought mocking the fake press was a high point


@POTUS Nothing but a fool and a traitor.
Who was groveling over Putin?

How utterly demeaning this is - I feel we have been sold out - now "work together" with a known adversary. What happened to America, Senator


Or this could be considered STRONG evidence of collusion!  Interesting the only 2 in the meeting were the only ones to gain $ being friends.
This proves just how uninformed he really is!  Every tech person in the country knows this is like handing the keys to the kingdom to Putin!
Man he thinks we're stupid.
What about the photos out there showing you laughing with Putin. Hypocrite
@SenSchumer you are one of the reasons the democrats have absolutely no credibility in the US.  You lie and twist and CRY LIKE A BABY.
PTSD  - President Trump Stress Disorder   Might as well give Russia the keys to the Whitehouse..

The free (fake) news needs laughing at....
Russian meddling is a CNN LIE. GIVE. IT. UP.
Bipartisanship seems disloyal-given GOP trashing of Obama's WH. Can you lure doubting Rs to form a GOP Revolt? Our Mad King is dangerous.
I am a Dem and I wish you would grow the hell up and focus on what the PEOPLE need and want, not the Dem agenda which  is empty and pathetic
Don't let this distract the people from the health care vote, please! We need to keep the pressure on
Yeah the jokes on the west from the authoritians. Made me sick.
Just mocking democrats. .the free press shit nobody's buying chuckles. CNN  is not the free press dipstick
We went over the edge of the bottomless pit a while ago.
True that!!
Senator Schumer, Wish you would focus your attention & energy on nurturing relationships with your GOP colleagues & broach fixing ACA.
Thank God for our American Born President Trump!!! Doing more in first six months than some career politicians do in years!!

Mocking what you call the free press upchuck?  Who isn't mocking cnn, nyt and the other dnc/antifa spoks.
#TrumpRussia continued
Sarah Palin can hear Russia laughing at us from her house!  #Resist #TrumpPutin
So is Putin going to share with Trump how U.S. can arm themselves against Russian cyber attacks?
That's akin to the Catholic Church being part of a working group to combat paedophilia
free  press my ass, it's foreign owned & LWNJ controlled.
Well at least he has mors BALLS than wimp ass Obama, Obama told them to "cut it out"  Oh & he was prez when SO called hacking happened.
He is ruining this country with his nationalistic,anti-semitic,xenophobic behavior. Dems need to be screaming. Most impt issue. Traitorous!
Keep on keeping on with the lies and Deep State.  One day Judgement comes for all including you.
Tell us how YOU would have handled it, Chucky old boy. Exactly what would you have done?
Do your sworn job and protect the constitution from this madman
Putin got EVERYTHING HE COULD HAVE HOPED FOR FROM @realDonaldTrump .  NO doubt he us laughing his ass off.
All democrats should be shouting at the top of their lungs and beating on the doors of the reps they can get to (if any) to get on with im 

Absolutely disgusting
Just how much of this is Congress prepared to allow? Do your job, Congress.
Talk about bringing new Yorkers jobs chuck your paid for local action, not foreign opinio?
Opinions
@David4justice48 @POTUS What are you & the Dems doing about anything? We need leadership. We can't effectively fight without it
You are so nutty
Schumer owned $$$$$$$$
why are you talking tough you are nothing but a big cry baby. CRYING CHUCK!!!!!!
so what does Wall Street want you to do about it?
@Ricka168 @POTUS Pass a law against that and hurry.
OK SCHUMER MORE LIES @POTUS WAS NOT MOCKING THE FREE PRESS HE WAS MOCKING THE FAKE PRESS AND I AGREE WITH HIM SO MUCH FAKE NEWS
The *free press* what a joke, they are more like the mafia so much so that leaders are afraid to speak to @potus
another thing... dont you think you and pelosi and the rest of you, should be working on obamacare instead of whining?
and what did you collude with Putin while eating doughnuts with him?
Who's Putin going to blame? Oh I know, the guy in his parent's basement!
Do something! Nice talk is over. We r angry and need u to fight back! #TheRestance
He is UNFIT! no excuses from @GOP or @TheDemocrats legislative branch owns this destruction of country if you don't #25thAdmendmentNow
"Don't worry your pretty little US heads about your sovereignty Putin & Trump got this!"
Beware traitorous GOP! Putin will now control gerrymandered, unaudited state voting systems. Request for voter rolls is first step.
The "Free" press isn't free it's owned by the Clinton's and the DNC! Who do U think your kidding? Do U believe ur self?

The press is free BUT not free to libel, slander, allege, suspect, anonymous source, and make up stories w/o PROOF.
Speaking of low points,how low can u get taking 2 twitter to put down the president.If u can do a better job run instead of running ur mouth
Creating a cyber-partnership with Russia to protect us is like Wiley, the Coyote, creating a protection unit to safeguard Road Runners.
I would rather work with Putin than your sorry ass!
Hey Mr schumer. There's a documentary on tonight that you need to have 45 watch. It's all about the Cival War!!
Press is not free if owned by the democratic party
President Trump
The fox guarding the henhouse
#trumpRUSSIA #treason damaged US #trumprussia #treason! @potus wants to work with @Putinrf  on "Impenetrable Cyber-SECURITY" ready for 2018?
Free?
We've never seen anything like this in our lifetimes or in the history of our country.
When you show your raggedy as* at the slain officer's funeral, get ready for all of NYPD to turn their backs on you
do you have proof or evidence that Russia hacked our elections.No server was turned over to fbi or homeland security
Fox meet henhouse... 
Like NYP wrote, couldn't you have just stayed there? NYC is a much better place without you
Why not? After all, wasn't it SecState Clinton who was instrumental in helping Russians build their cyber center on the edge of Moscow? Yo?
This president is not for the American people. He's obviously only about himself.
@Obama was accused of leading from behind.  @POTUS is not leading, he following Putin's lead. Sad!
Why not? SecState Hillary Clinton was instrumental in Russia building the huge cyber center on the edge of Moscow. Yo!
Replying to @CNN
I can't be polite anymore, this is some fukked up sh*t & I'm mad as hell!! I want Trump gone & banned from U.S. government!
The sooner this Crazy Sick Man is put out to pasture, the better for this country. Taking Pence and his Swamp with him.
Then DO something to change this!!
Don't hold your breath! Just more reruns: Sens. Graham, McCain & Rubio talk *BIG* on tv; but don't act *BIG* in the Senate to protect US!
Read my mind...blah blah blah oudda their mouths..no real effective actions taking place.
It was great wasn't it
T is "my little american happy meal"  truer words nevered been mocked.
More than arsehole Obama did! Why r u so anti-American when someone with BALLS, unlike U wants to MAGA ! Why not support OUR Pres.? LOSER !
Go after Traitor Trump
Free press to investigated reporting is to comic books to real life events
When will Democrats stand up? Article 25! This man is not not fit or stable to hold this office. WHEN WILL DEMS STAND UP?!!!
Great idea to work with the person who hacked us! One of the most careless & stupid ideas I've heard in a long time.
Time to stop the BS & get back to work, do the work of the people. Stop worrying about Trump & stop being an Obstructionist. Do YOUR JOB!
We're leaving the country. Researching now. Child of WWII veteran.
What a loser you are! Obama does nothing about Russia but you silent on that
thank you thank you thank you more strength please. Did anyone in the Republican Party take logic in college?
Very low point!
Inviting the fix into the hen house. #dangerous #coverforotheractivities
