What the Dems have not expected is Pres Trump who is a Nationalist/Patriot and ISIS.  Open borders is a death sentence for free America.
Do Americans want to see Illegals get HC before Americans?  Is there room for 36M illegals, if the HC deficit is 23M Americans?
good smart people w/ a bright future ahead.They'll definitely contribute to the development of the American society
#DACA has allowed nearly 800,000 undocumented youth to pursue their dreams. I stand with them & their families! #HereToStay
Kids for the privilege (not right) of visas to come in front door. These 'adult' children could have set record straight at any time.
They dont. DACA is a strict program that makes sure that doesnt happen if they wanna stay here.

Pursue somewhere else
Hi Dan, are you talking about Shmuck Schumer
Did I misspelled? Is it Schit Schumer?
You are not #HereToStay. You and your #DNC thugs will be swept from power like dust balls on a #Swiffer.
Democrats only say that to let in MILLIONS MORE so to enslave them into government addiction!
You senator are in breach of your oath.  You are sworn to uphold the laws of our country.  Not get teary when U C your illegal voter base go
Kick them the H out of America!  Or Lock them up!
C how hard Dems fight for mass immigration.  First step to Globalism.  Reduce military, divide country w/identity politics & open borders.
Hello! My name is Renn & I wrote a book about my life experience during the election. I am undocumented & #heretostay ! Let's publish this.
If Dems get in again, they will give our country to world.  No self government, no sovereignty, no constitution, mass immgtn & open borders
Dems  Have lost thinking Americans.  Their voter base, rests on the illegal population.  They trade your HC & benefits for illegal votes.
But America did NOT stand with YOU right? That's why you and your party has been relegated to the back of the bus now.
But your policies encourage this:
That's why you're the MINORITY leader...
And the minute just 1 does something like say take down a building, I'll blame Trump; Call him a failure; Say he lied; Call for impeachment.
When are you going to finally DO something to Shut up and impeach  this A$$hole we have as POTUS.
Dems R not more compassionate than Republicans, they are more desperate! Steering our country toward Globalism; 1 world GOV, no soverignty
How many are living at your house?  I don't mean your maid or lawncare people I mean actually living in your home as an honored guest
Chuck, probably because they all voted for you...TWICE!
Politically correct.  Politicians who want to break immigration laws, refer to illegals as undocumented. They R undocumented criminals!!
You only say that because your privileged family members aren't having THEIR resources usurped. This is NOT what our loved ones DIE for. 
You mean #DACA has violated US immigration laws by allowing 800,000 #illegalimmigrants to get housing, health care, education, food stamps.
Trump lied again, didnt he say daca kids would not be deported. Trump's rich Russian biz partners, deport them.
It's the Law!Previous Admin lied and said illegal entry was legal! Obama was helping Geo SOROS to push  into One  Order just using DACA
#deportnow #notmyillegals #WeThePeople should not have to pay for #IllegalAliens Let them live with you, #Chuckyboy #ChuckSchumer
DACA people are CHILDREN who were brought to US without knowledge of what they were doing. They are more American than Mexican.
Not unless they, out of respect for  have made some effort to legalize their status(not just a freebie) most are adults now??
How can they when the federal government is trying to deport them all.
Here to stay the other part of that is Gone tomorrow
Well then leave with them creep!Go into their country illegally n ur stupid feet won't even touch the ground cos they take care of them 1st
Tell that to the American citizen high school graduate who can't find a job, and can't afford to live their dreams.
Well please go stand in there country with them and leave our great country thanks
Instead of us citizens. Some of us have dreams too. God you're such a snake
Y r u pro criminals?
TOO BAD they take precedent over Americans trying to do the same thing !
DREAMERS Break Into Home, Rape Woman In Front Of Her 4-Year-Old Son
Child Rapist Duped Immigration System, Got U.S. Citizenship
Illegal Alien Molested 11-Year-Old Girl In Florida
Dominican Heroin Dealer Was Running Identity Theft Ring In Mass.
MS-13 Gang Member Wanted For Mexican Prosecutor’s Murder Caught In Texas
Illegal Alien Brothel Found In Georgia
Illegal Alien Stabbed Her Four Children To Death In Georgia
Previously Deported Illegal Alien Caught Selling Cocaine In North Carolina
Illegal Aliens Killed Newborn Baby In South Carolina
#DACA has allowed 800,000 people who should be in another country pursue their dreams while US Veterans beg for change on street corners.
Illegal immigrants should not have preference over legal citizens, especially native born citizens of NY. Uphold your duties or resign.
DACA participants came here as children. They're your neighbors Luke10:25-37
The American citizens FIRST. Education for American Citizen's Children First. THEY COME FIRST.FACT. Stop giving free education to illegals.
THEN WHY DON'T YOU GO BACK WITH THEM. THEY HAVE TAKEN OUR AMERICAN DREAM SO AMERICAN CITIZENS DON'T HAVE IT ANYMORE
What about American children's dreams?
We don't!!
Why don't you ever stand with or support legal American taxpayers trying to make a good life?
Hundreds of #DACA students attend UCLA and the program remains vital to building an inclusive community on campus.
DREAMERS Break Into Home, Rape Woman In Front Of Her 4-Year-Old Son
Have you forgot what country you work for . The people you are suppose to represent?
Here's ur daca illegals
And you being so cavalier with the term 'undocumented' is why I stand against you.
Glad to see you are standing with the dreamers. Now how about recognizing Palestinian rights are Human rights. BDS = peaceful protest.
What about the American children you sacrifice for foreign dreamers?
That's a crime. Undocumented is not a legal term. It's illegal alien. Sponging off the American taxpayer. Defend my families right for once
Mr Schumer what about the thousands of legal youth in America who can't follow their dream because big govt and health care take parents $!
You're a criminal.
As do I, diversity is what will keep America great!
I'm sure American children and American parents who have been replaced are real Happy of yours and the Dem party stance on this votechuckout
And against Americans!!
DACA serves no purpose to Americans. All DACA freshmen should have till the start of their junior year to become citizens or it is adios.
What don't u understand about illegal Maybe the DOJ can add u to the deported list with them Send them back to the country they belong too
Yes you stand with your rainbow  whistle and rainbow  flag, you do love the youth.
You're suggesting illegal activities are okay? You're promoting illegal activities? You're intentionally circumventing US law? Seriously?
You/Dems care more about illegals [than U do Americans] draining the system, taking American jobs & burdening tax payers; all for votes!
Stand with them in their country not in America.
They are illegals!!!!
You mean illegal youth who take jobs from US youths
Cry Baby Chuck.  When will you stand with the American people and their families?  Traitor!
That's because you cuddle them more than you respect the American people
How About Americans with dreams
Key word UNDOCUMENTED IE ILLEGAL
What about my dream of you being replaced by someone with common Sense?
If they're here to stay let's get them made citizens, otherwise they can go back to where they are citizens
Who pays the dreamers college
Glad to see you're in agreement with @realDonaldTrump
YOU would! Retire already & stop damaging our country!
Every advantage given to illegals over citizens destroys the American dream. How bout that upchuck?
Of course, it's much more political expediant on your side. Standing with the citizens would cost you bottom feeder votes.
Get them to start the legalization process and I'm all for it. Otherwise, bye.
DACA supports "kids" up to the age of 35.  That is not a kid
#kaitlynsteinle
Thats great. It took dreams away from 800,000 U S CITIZENS.Great to see how you love the NON CITIZENS more than our Americans. #DEPORT #Maga
Why do yo stand with them and not with your fellow Americans? Why do you prefer them to us?they're here illegally. Why be disloyal to us?
Tell us oh great one what are your 800,000 youth dreaming about. Lets take it 1 by 1. 
Your a talking head phony
Schiff, Schumer & Pelosi supports illegal doings for personal gain & enrichment. Thank God for People Pres Trump who genuinely patriotic.
so please tell us which laws we have to follow? Would really like a explanation. Problem is you can't.
You are aware that the USA isn't the only Country with schools and colleges, right?
Schumer do not undermine immigration law Legal immigrants supports & follow American law. You influence wrong doing!
Thank you
Stop standing by the illegal people living in our country & do the job you were elected by Americans to do!!
You stand with the undocumented but not for the Americans for voted for you?  Interesting!  DO THE JOB YOU WERE ELECTED TO DO!!!!!
Yes and they were all illegals.  What about helping our deserving needy U.S. Citizens that can't afford to pursue their dreams first.
Shame on you.
Y do u think it's fair to ask American taxpayrs to pay for undocumented youth. U show complete disrespect to American taxpayrs & our dreams
No one American citizen pays for them , They work very hard and with so much adversity . Our kids have so many opportunities to be great.
That isn't the American taxpayers responsibility. We are being taken advantage of and we are getting tired of it.
At tax payers expense/ fraud/ corruption
Best not talk to any less they are considered Fireign Agents 
Wouldn't it really awesome if for once you could help tax paying citizens' children fulfill their dreams instead of non tax paying illegals?
I wanna thank @realDonaldTrump for giving DACA kids a chance. Raised as Americans. The US is their home. 
#DACA has allowed nearly 800,000 undocumented youth to pursue their dreams. I stand with them & their families! #HereToStay
I do not need to be one of them to thank you for your hard work. I know some DACA kids and they are ... (1/2)
#DACA has allowed nearly 800,000 undocumented youth to pursue their dreams. I stand with them & their families! #HereToStay
Can u stand with them in THEIR COUNTRY?
So now it's illegal find out some of the way to cover them.
O'bama care did not Help John McCain Felling  health care O that's right you are don't use obamacare You are were excluded from ocare
BS!

You couldn't care less !!!!!!
How noble you are , pat yourself on the back ,such a hero
Fuck Schumer and every other liberal Democrat
@SenSchumer how about you take care of our vets first chuck? Also they are not undocumented but here illegally. Geez you claim to be smart.
This man would not know honesty if it was a baseball bat hitting him in the face.
Look up 'Obstructionist' in Webster's, there's a picture of Chuckie 'waterworks' Schumer right there with the definition.
You never been out in the woods and picked up a tick? The mention of him are a picture gives me that same kind of creepy feeling all over.
Wonder if chuck thinks the MS-13 gang members are just dreamers? Dreaming of killing US citizens...
All of you have no allegiance to to laws of the US.  You all should be run out of offices on a rail.
Does the word schmuck mean anything to you?? Why have laws  if we don't inforce them?? Geez
How many unemployed Americans are there ?
Really .......what about all the homeless people who are citizens of america..why aren't you standing with them ???????
Time to deport these ILLEGALS !
Why do you do this to yourself?Stop helping the illegals,there are plenty of American children that tax payer money can be used on.
Americans Have Dreams Too ! Not to pay $100 Billion a Year for Illegal Foreigners Invading the U.S  Dont #DefendDACA
Senator, Why weren't my dreams important? I'm pursuing them now because I served 6 years in the Navy as an electronics technician
How about feeling this way about our veterans they earned it illegals didn't
HMMM! Undocumented means ILLEGAL ! Why do u ignore rule of law ? Oh that's right ! U r Democraps the biggest supporters of breakin the law !
What are you doing for the homeless american children ????
What about the families in America who are being overlooked by Dems who are only worried about illegal aliens?
Senator - to remove part of the want for DACA would you back eliminating (clarifying) the anchor baby provision?  #immigration #Maga
Possibly derailing 800,000 ACTUAL CITIZENS from pursuing theirs. We might never know.
Case by case.
Why are you standing with law breakers? Aren't you a lawmaker? Don't you believe in the rule of law?
Hypocrit!
WHY DONT YOU MOVE THEM INTO YOUR NEIBORHOOD
My undocumented pharmacist has dreams too.
Well Trump stands for us AMERICANS! Dont worry u wont be re elected
Ok. Those for, U ALL Support with ur Riches U ALL have made @ the cost of the American expense. Good. ALL send them their way. Our  NO. U 
What about the suffering middle class Chucky? How about you think of them next time you vote or decide on free shit!
@SenSchumer your a criminal and should be in jail at minimum
DACA and DAPA MUST BE ALLOWED. These folks are contributing to the US. Congress mandated prioritization of felons first, not kids and moms.
Deport them all sick of the sob stories
Good you can stand on the Mexican side of the wall double win for America
Sure you do but do you stand with your millions of voters?
Deport them we don't take care of America citizens cause we have all these illegals sucking our government dry.just shows what you think of
Sen. Schumer, these young ppl already living here in USA. It would be unAmerican & no moral value to our principles if we throw kids out...
I hope that you get their vote, you wont get mine
You mean 800,000 illegals have taken grants and scholarships from natural born citizens... How about putting the AMERICAN CITIZENS 1ST...
Just curious chucky, are you in the red? I mean your cash flow not your politics
Chuck, your replies are running 35 to 1 against your stance on this issue....just what the f**k does that tell you....Hmmmm????
Taking jobs from citizens and 80% on welfare!
We know Chuck because you treat Americans like second class citizens. We know you hate natural born citizens.
But chuck, its illegal.
What's really ironic air is that DACA is not even a law it was an EO policy enacted by Obama where's our Justice where's the law?
moms of them live in warfare any way. or better yet leave to California, Browns World.
DACA will die on September 5th, Fed will not contest judicial challenge in court by many states. GOOD send them home..
All on the middle class! 800,000 on food stamps free health free money free phones free housing just so they vote Dem!


Why is NY voting Democratic?  It is because of illegals bought by Democrats like @SenSchumer  That should be illegal to abate illegals.
All get priority over our military and vets.  Shame on you Chuckie. Priorities are not for America.
Future Democrat voter's?
At the expense of the dreams of citizens.
Chuck, you sponsored M-13?
