Yes, Sir: Protect our care.
When did Republicans start thinking it was okay to punish States who's Senators voted against their party platform?
Really because I just saw that Alaska will get to keep ACA!?  EVERY state s/have that option-sounds like some "negotiating" going on!!!!!
You should be ashamed sen.schumer to support murdering babies
How much"sweetener" is McConnell & Cornyn dangling to pursuade, err, "get" Murkowski's vote?  #DemForce
What changed? Trump doesn't want to Make American Great Again? Too hard?
Donald Trump says Universal Healthcare is necessary to make America Great Again @SenSanders #MedicareForAll Retweet!! 
Guess which way Lisa Murkowski will vote
#KillTheBill @SenateFloor
Busy citizens can text the word "resist" to 50409 and send faxes to their legislators expressing their outrage over Graham/Cassidy
Alaska, KY, and many others will seriously HURT. I DEFY  GOP Congresspersons to LOOK at this HURT LOCKER BILL and vote to please TRUMP!
@lisamurkowski @SenDanSullivan please listen to your constituents. Vote against this bill.
And most other states would lose. Not @LindseyGrahamSC 's state!
explain how that's possible. The fact of the matter is that's not going to happen and you're talking out of your ass you are a do nothing.
The new bill to repeal the ACA is the republican version of the nazi final solution.
Cassia Graham better be a non starter. Must keep protection for prexisting & lower priums, deductibles & be portable.
And OUR tax dollars go directly into the pockets of our GOP representatives, and the red states, where GOP support is strong.
you can read numbers but can you do something in favor of the tax payers? You are so predictable it is easy to understand your true focus
Medicare for all sounds like the best plan.  Are the donations you receive keeping you from favoring it?
Who the hell do you think would pay for that? Take an Econ class
How do the poorer countries do it?  Take a logic class.
That's why they have no R&D and poorer outcomes and months long waiting times. COME on man. Nothing is free
I have friends abroad who say what you are saying is totally false, but hey, how would they know.
Ok. So move there.
Good comeback. Now go troll someone else Vladimir.
Thanks
Trying to get rid of all those inconvenient veterans & Native Americans in AK.
Republicans better think about how many votes they're gonna loose when they screw with what they don't care about!
Shoot it down Chuck,  these republicans mean us no good....wish we had bob dole back......
I hope republicans aren't stupid enough to try to pass Cassidy-Graham bill...they will pay a heavy price for that.
So this new bill punishes the state's whose Senators voted no to kill the last attempt?
More importantly, 32 million Americans will lose their healthcare.
Do something. Skip the Chinese dinner. Help us!
Fantastic
Lisa, DONT SIGN IT!
How about let's do something for the people instead of you and your cronies in Washington Chucky. What tired of the Washington good old boys
Planned parenthood money,they make enough selling baby parts,don't need taxpayer money
THAT'S a good idea... 
Sen Schumer, how much $$ has the country recovered from ACA mandate violations? In your opinion, it it completley effective?
Vote no on Cassidy-Graham .  We need Medicare for All @RepAndyBiggsAZ @JeffFlake  @SenJohnMcCain
Damn as much spending cuts this bill has in we will be out of debt soon
Thank you for working for the "Working Poor" of this country.  Certainly "All" Americans are not being put First
That's a lot of tax dollars saved
@realDonaldTrump has probably sold Alaska back to Russia anyways. He such a slick business man!
We The People all know this is horrible... What are YOU & @DNC doing about it Chuck?
America's health can't afford this bill. Republicans making us sick again.
@senrobportman How much will Ohioans lose?  You are not up for re-elect, you can do the right thing for us.  We are counting on you.
Listen up @lisamurkowski. Stay strong.
Sounds good need to cut out all the fake road to nowhere we can
Who is going to pay the subsidy? $20T in debt. 45% pay no income taxes and you want to increase spending. Brilliant! Cutting loses votes
Trump has destroyed the illusion of a two party system its one the bought off and corrupt like trump and Hillary then the rest of us.
Under Obamacare working families can't afford the premium nor the deductible so paying 4 getting no care now
Thank you for telling the truth Senator Schemer and for trying to save our country from Trump!
Since when is @GOP concerned with spending? Since the money started to help poor people and minorities. #sad
@lisamurkowski please stand strong against this new bill and vote no - so many Alaskans negatively affected!
Be sure to tell @lisamurkowski
.

And heavens knows that Americans

 lost health care because @DNC won

Now they own it 

Good luck @DNC you own obama care

.
I see you are targeting Arizona, Maine and Alaska... gee wonder why?
That state hates ACA, big government, and handouts.  They can go to Canada like Palin did. Excuse me while I try to squeeze out a tear.
Ahhhh.... fear
Get rid of ACA. Tort reforms will reducer cost of Healthcare.  Stop protecting lawyers.
Townhall: over 1mm Canadians can’t find a GP let alone specialists. Bernie wants same here. All at the low, low cost of $32 trillion! Great!
So they lose  $307/person?  What's your point?
Unbelievable!!! #Trumpcare garbage @SenateGOP
Our country would save Trillions over 10 years when we switch to #MedicareForAll 

Why aren't you supporting @SenSanders bill, Chuck?
What's the big deal. That's only $326.00 per person...much less than one month premium of Obamacare. Let's do it!!!
Time for states to pull their own weight.
Not lose they will cut that amount out of spending unnecessary funds.
. @DNC what's Alaskas population  739,828 in perspective your only decreasing it $344.67 per person. 

STOP POSTURING! Fiscal responsibility
Can u itemize that for us? #fearmongering
#regularorder
In case you haven't noticed #ChuckietheClownSchumer our country is nearly $20 trillion in debt! Cuts have to be made in order to pay it off!
Hey Chuck, where's your solution to the failed Obamacare?
I would love to see your plan on eliminating the fraud, waste and abuse of h/cprograms and lowering cost. Acountability desperately needed!
They don't care about Alaska, they already know they don't have Murkowski.
Where can i fact check that ? #Trumpcare #ProtectOurCare
Maybe you can explain to us why @SenateMajLdr, @SpeakerRyan & @realDonaldTrump want to destroy millions of lies with Trumpcare
Federal funding = my tax dollars too. You don't own MY money
UNITE!!
No one believes anything you say
So what is the problem?...Pass it.  question,  ARE YOU ON OBAMACARE? or something else? Answer is...
@JaneDav45507892 It's your job to make sure they do not have the votes
Will you join the Democratic Party in fighting for #MedicareForAll ?
Hell no
Reported that the $$ would be more fairly divided between the states.
?
Let me place this here....GOP is lying. This bill is Trumpcare just made worse & renamed. Punishing elderly, poor, disabled, women, children
Shhh... The GOP doesn't want us to know.
Hope you work like hell to stop this! Hurting America is clearly un-American.
How do u figure?!... more spinning of the truth!
FAKE NEWS Chuck
Why u have a prob with that?
I've emailed my senators. I fear however the American people are growing weary of the constant fight and will stop contacting officials.
Dems  trying to protect OC is hurting the country it is time for you to grow up or find you a different job cuz you ain't no good at this 1
How many times have repubs tried and failed to repeal the ACA? Even after Trump was elected they failed. I'd say Chuck is great at his job.
It took Obama over a year and he had all of government to work with also will see how good he is when it is repealed and replaced
Hasn't happened yet or are you still under that rock?
You'll be crying your eyes out he's still got over three years in his first term not to mention his second term minus obstruction Dems.
Nothing has been passed yet. How about MX paying for the wall? Or is it a fence? Or Trump making deals with Dems? Feel snookered yet?
Not at all I know when I see the long game being played and the long game is being played
There is no long game. He has no legislative wins yet. It only gets harder for him, not easier.
R U sure Rump isn't lulling U into a dreamscape with new bromance you & he share?
Andyouve been paying alaska too? Why dont you just go back to russia
Deathcare!
