This deliberate manipulation of #s & facts could lead to messing up the good economy inherited from @POTUS44 & hurting the middle class. 2/6
History shows tax cuts like these benefit the wealthy and the powerful to the exclusion of the middle class.
3/6
As @POTUS points out, the stock market is at record highs & cos are raking in unprecedented profits, yet wages remain relatively flat. 4/6
That's proof positive that companies already have a cash windfall, but they're not using it to boost wages. 5/6
Rather than helping biggest corps avoid paying their fair share, #taxreform should reward those cos that create jobs & raise US wages. 6/6
For someone who can't release their tax returns, I wouldn't expect anything else.
Chuck piss up a rope
Amen
The only fakery Chuck is you!
Fake President!
Talking to my cousin in Florida about Trump. When i was trying to tell him about how dangerous Trump is .He just said fake news. So Sad
used the power of persuasion to brainwash his followers. They can’t see his incompetence or evil divisiveness #Impeach45Now #25thAmNow
They only needed an excuse.  Fake News works for them as a great comeback for FAUX news. Tell them it was in Time, or Newsweek.
I'm tired of this #TrumpRealtyShow. Time to cancel.
Cancel the @GOP reruns too!
It appears the GOP has a machine generating fake news, fake math, fake presidents, fake representatives, fake integrity, fake truth...
That machine is a largely uneducated, sometimes willfully, American public.
But the majority didn't vote for Trump, & Pres Obama was beloved by many & the American people didn't accept dirty Russian money.
Russia started with Obama and the Clinton’s. Your delusional,  Obama left us a divided nation like never before.
Can't disagree that the country is divided. At least Obama tried. Trump is exploiting the divide and dividing us further, for his own agenda
The divide revealed by the mere existence of a black president is an indictment of the USA.
It's nice to see skepticism over a supply side tax plan. All of the supply side tax plans benefited the wealthy since the first in 1982.
Yeahhh this isn't tax "reform"...it's "trickle down 2.0" bc we all know how great that worked....
Not sure DT's base gets it though. Need 2 find a way 2 explain 2 dt's masses  this is ng! Deficit increases & benefits will b targeted next
The ONLY way they'll get it is when they feel it in their wallet! Period!!! His shit needs to go in effect immediately, before 2018 & 2020!
~$5.8Trillion tax cut with 53% going to top 1%. Everyone but 80%-95% brackets gets a cut Pd for by cuts in Medicare & Medicaid. Bad plan!!!
Medicaid was raided in all of the GOP HC plans this summer to pay for a tax cut. It was rejected then, it should be rejected now.
There was mass outcry each time. We need that on this also.
Agreed agreed.
FAKE POTUS!
This tax bill is more for the rick
If your party did not destroy Bernie, you may have had him but your girl and party ate him up.
DEMOCRAPS ARE COMPLETELY DELUSIONAL AND ANTI AMERICAN AND HAVE NO BUSINESS IN POLITICS THEY R TRYING TO DESTROY THE USA WE R TAKN IT BACK!
Retire already. You have done nothing for the hard working people of NY.
U have proven that your math is really bad and I lie about facts. Why would I believe u?
You rather believe Trump and his lies which have all been documented? Still waiting to see his tax returns? That was a lie! Trump!
Trump. So your bluster that he is the reason for division is false. The Washington swamp wants us divided. So they can get nothing done for
It's funny that we kept going around and around, Richard. Why don't we wait and see if Mueller can show us something.
So how is Mueller doing? Seems the Dems r going down for fake doesie and uranium deal. Not good.
You have been in power like forever, what  have you done to fix tax issue before now? Are you not the biggest HYPOCRITE ON  EARTH
His tax plan is about as good as his other ventures!
Don't you know that 90% of all business startups fail?  At least he's investing and a lot of people are employed and benefiting. Get real!
Start up? This is a man who claimed to be in business his whole life. Investing? He has defaulted on contractor payments as well as loans!
Your a faker.  Stop being 100% partisan.  It would make you more genuine.  You are not showing that way. You look bad
Obama inherited a bad economy from Bush, Republicans still blame Obama and give no credit for improvement that Trump inherited. No end to it
Did you ever take economics?
Chuck you don't answer your contact Chuck form, I think your hate for Trump takes control of you and your followers, get the work done.
Yes it is. The only ones who will profit is the wealthy
LMFAO YER ALL DELUSIONAL

He doesn't complain about fake news, he creates it. He's the founder. Come on!

Redo your math Schumer. Work together or get out of the senate
You need to bring small business owners together and talk to them. You might get an education about taxes.
Chucky the Schmucky!!!!!  Your Party is Sucky!!!!!
Keep fighting. Dems are with you. So much at stake, possibly our whole country.
Lies Schumer. Total lies!  Your gravy train is coming to an end.
Peach it Sen. Schumer! 

you complain about the tax plan BUT where is your solution? you spew alot but accomplish nothing 4 the 174k u make from r tax $'s
Your party has lost over 1100 seats across this country the last decade and you still dont get it..we’re sick of your lies and bs..
Blah blah blah..you are all fake ppl..with the exception of two things..you are all bunch of crooks..and whinny snowflakes..
Retire Chuck. Ur policies have stolen from the middle class since LJohnson. Stop pretending ur on our side. #Hypocrites
what facts give details if your sure
Not true. Every time POTUS has a great plan Dems try to destroy it. What  happened to doing the right thing for America? Try that 4 change.
Troll alert:
No - it is much, much worse. #PresidentSnowflake whines about unfair news - this hurts real people and real lives - not just a yuge ego.
Troll alert:
Thanks
The GOP selectively SUCK at MATH-they've got their OWN PORTFOLIOS down to the penny. Their Tax & Health Policies are Forrest Gump Ramblings
Worse

How about a positive tweet for once.
If you’re not praising Trump then everything you say is fake news.
Hold fast, don't past tax and health plan, they suck big time.
So who pays for your Tax Deductions you get credit for? Taxpayers in all States that’s who!
You, Mr. Schumer, are the king of fake news and false promises. Stop the politicking before you burn down the country, please!!!
This coming from who has promised change for decades, and brought none.  Trump trumped you
Sadly, I have yet to hear you suggest anything that helps Americans.

Oh stop! Unless it is ur way u hate anything offered up. Listen to the ppl. Not the voices in ur head.
Keep it up chucky watch how you will say good bye to D.C.!
Maybe cuz you’re one of our POTUS’s FAKE PLAYERS!!!!
DIS FAKER SMUCK OF A GERMAN DOESN'T KNOW DA DIFFERENCE BETWEEN A 1020 0R A 1040?  IRS IS WAITIN FOR THIS SCHEMER
Tax plan is http://great.Sucks  NYS is a high tax state.
Trump tries to help all Americans, while Schumer tries to help illegals and Muslims.
More lies from a man so filled with hate he won't even support his own country of Israel, a Soros twin.
So is there fake news or is it so-called fake news?  Is the plan’s math fake or is it so-called fake math? Stay in your lane Senator.
you are funny.  Republicans plans are pathetic.
LOL!
Where is the message? Who will represent human values with a message that resonates successfully?
Hey Chuck you shouldn't talk your side can't do math... Biden J-O-B-S is a 3 letter word @barackObama 2500% decrease in premiums
Oh or read/write pgs 2006-09 of ACA "forgot" non federally recognized tribes Sebelius directive non fed tribes must prove "Indian enough" /1
To CONTINUE to receive HC from IHS title 6 of Civil Rights act no federal funding for any program that uses race as a qualifier /2
"Indian enough" Chuck...that's not proof of residency...it's a title 6 CR violation it's also a felony if @civilrights & @doj prosecute/3
You're going to jail Chuck! See American Indians even in non federally recognized tribes are US citizens w/ CR which you & @thedemocrats /4
What won't be fake news is when ou Chuck get perp walked on camera for your Civil Rights violations no idea why @POTUS hasn't dropped /5
The hammer on you yet & you did it to yourself "we didn't know", "we didn't read the bill" won't be a defense in court but you went to /6
Harvard Chuck might want a refund since they failed to teach you to read things BEFORE you sign off on them or that your White Privilege /7
Chucky knew about Harvey!
Politicians get addicted to power & cant retire bcuz they don’t know how to have fun, vacation & enjoy life....NEWSFLASH = #getAlife! 
His claims of fake news are fake. Not 'as bad as'....his tax plan is a massive transfer to the richest.
Fake math =  @GOP economics
I would be surprised that you can could add. If this was true you would be showing America that it won't work.
#ThefailingDonaldTrump
Chuck-Your mindless babble is just further evidence of your ignorance & incompetence. Your business acumen is laughable. 45 has you Trumped.
#MASTERMANIPULATOR! Piece of !
Dems need to learn to Street fight. Niger is Trump's Benghazi. He didn't even acknowledge their deaths. Where's the outrage by Dems?
Blah blah blah
Kansas tried a tax plan similar to Trump’s. It failed.
Chuck I think you got to go in there and talk to this guy cuz he's like a five-year-old without his toys
The trickle-down fallacy would be a cruel hoax on the American people.
Please don’t call him POTUS, from this point on is known as POS!!
Do you get it?
& keep your own plan & doc wasn't fake news either? Obamacare was passed cause it was a tax. 44 promised no new taxes 4 anybody making <250k
GOP HAS TO make sure their donors get back their money in their tax reform bills
Scared? We're willing to give it a try. Anything to stop Elitists selling out America! @realDonaldTrump @VP  @BarackObama is a Socialist!
Do you even know the definition of elitist?  Look it up and then read up on Trumps cabinet. Then you’ll get a true understanding.
I do know. Look up CFR- (Council on Foreign Relations), Bilderberg; Trump's the outsider taking on Globalists. His Cabinet compared R Saints
The bigger question is why do they support him even with all his lies?
Thanks Chuck. Bout time you called Trump’s fake shit out directly!!!!
If Chumer took as long to think as to tweet, he'd realize the worst banks and co's were bailed out thoroughly under @POTUS44.  Nice try.
Hello Senator! How ya doing with that single payer health care? Let’s git ‘er done Senator and stop  crazy Trump ! 
Go Chuck!
Problem is both sides lie or exaggerate so much that we dont believe either side.
I think it's more - @POTUS failed algebra- than fake math. He really believes this s($;t!
Chuck...it’s all Fake coming out of there. How the F did you deal with this guy and all his lies. It is absolutely  unapproachable !!
"As bad" doesn't begin to describe it! 
That's the same kind of false equivalence that Sorkin pointed out. LOL
Poor Upchuck, another bad day for the democrats.
MAKE A CITIZENS ARREST FOR TREASON!HES A MADMAN.ORGANIZE ALLPOLITICIANS TO DEMAND A PSYCH EVAL! LOCK THE MADMAN UP! HES A HITLER,PURE EVIL
Really? I doubt it
Not just POTUS Chuckie. Bergdahl pleads guilty where’s your media take on that now?
No the fake news, the fake Democratic Party just the new Nazis Hitler babies
Chuck time for you to be fired you have not completed what you were voted for.
The only fake news is Trump knows wtf he's doing.
Sometimes I wonder why you are not out supporting the people you cry for daily. I have not seen one of you in a low income area helping.
Hey chuckie boy where were you in any massive storm disaster? Or in capital hill for that matter? Oh yea taking vacation thanks to me.
Maybe u need to go back to university to learn math it actually adds up correctly. U just push kickbacks opps I mean insurance
You don't even know what the plan is but you sure it's bad.  I don't think the left even tries any more the just get violant and try to hurt
Whoever is responsible for those calculations just need to get a grip os simple arithmetic..
Democrats you need to attack this insanity non stop! You need to take out ads on trump in every major city. Put our Democrats ideas NOW

Ahem. The “fake news” that Trump complains about, is the real news!
#25thAmendmentNow
Crooked Dump is a liar and a racist
Trump appears to know nothing .Seems to view Legislative Branch as his employees- subordinates that are supposed to do his work for him.
You’re an embarrassment to the state of NY.
Wait til his sheep realize what he's done to their taxes and heathcare.
You dont about math. You forgot to retire. Chucky stop drying your hair your old.
Still waiting for my $2500 reduction in health insurance that the CBO & Obama promised me with Obamacare.  That's bad math, Chuck!
Schumer you are a bad politician! Stop being an obstructionist! You don't deserve to serve this country.
In light of Obamacare subsidies cancelled "bigly"worry how to sign to coverage on healthcarecom What the cost, can afford? Can Dems save OC?
You are as Pelosi, been in office to long
Hello
And you have fake hair plugs they are like you they are not working.
Keep pedaling the lies Chuck, try to keep people in the dark until it's too late like the Ocare dealacle l..#keepyourdoctor
Maybe he used the same mathematician as you guys did for Obamacare.
Trust, Mr. Schumer no one thought you would agree with it this is exactly what we expected you to say! Build the wall!
Wise because most of that news was real... None of his numbers are
Wrong!!! Facts not fiction! You have no credibility and have a obligation to be truthful
Pelosi, Reid, Obama & Democrats passed Fake Healthcare Act (ACA) without reading it; more costly to taxpayers than any new tax plan & more
Here's some fake news: Your vote against the obscene Iran deal.U do not come out & support POTUS de-certification bec your vote was a fraud.
I hope Melania helps Baron with his homework
Chuck. In all your years we haven’t seen a single tax cut proposal from you. Tired of your resistance.   Can’t wait to increase rep majority
Ironic coming from the guy who won't even back Medicare for all when all that does is help people. When asked why you provide fake excuses.
Until house and senate do Their job it will only get worse. Put affiliations aside and do what's right for us. House an senate r jus fratboy
Grow up and grow a set, provide the comparison.
TRUMP IS the author of FAKE NEWS
#TrumpTheMoron Premise is false. It is just a twisted version of Reagan Trickle Down Voodoo Economics. Corps flush w/cash & Trump Plan bogus
#TrumpTheMoron (2/3) ...premise of Trump’s Tax cut for the wealthy is that the program will spur new economic growth & therefore jobs......
Chucky Chuck the liar you prove me with math that it doesn't work higher taxes do not Increase jobs
its time for a change chuck try something new if its not better the voters will let potus know
KANSAS = Lafler tax plan FAIL - bigly
Republicans r straight up lying about their tax plan.  Guess they'd never be reelected if they told the truth about "tax reform"
what are soldiers doing in Niger??
What won't be paid for with this wonderful stupendous tax cut? When did corporations EVER give anything back to people?
#impeachtrump or #25thAmendmentNOW
That’s because he a lying sack of sh!t.
It’s going to be hilarious when they don’t get their tax cuts. They’re as incompetent as they are treasonous and corrupt.
Sir, he likes to play wirh numbers. Has no idea what they really do...
You didn't like Bush's plans he cost me less the $100 a year you love Obama he cost me Thousands. Maybe its YOUR math that sucks.
Trump is mentally ill. Why are you not forcing GOP to admit this and IMPEACH this maniac? He is truly unable and unfit to lead. DO SOMETHING, EVEN IF IT IS WRONG, DO SOMETHING BEFORE TRUMP DESTROYS OUR DEMOCRACY.
Vote “NO” #TrumpTaxesThePoor #VoteAllGOPOut

Alright Chuck!
The Party Of Lies & Obstruction...
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Two words
Kansas
Experiment!
Fake news is Trump's propaganda channel so Trump can try to control our Country.
United States need to get him out of the White House let’s just call him crooked Trump
Trickle down didn't work with Reagan didn't work with bush and it's not going to work now! This tax plan is a nightmare benefiting the rich
Lots of Russian Trolls !!
Show the math you refer to.
Show us the math.  Should be easy enough to expose GOP faulty claims. Potus is not good at adding up anything.  Show us the math!
“Thank god the money I will get from the Estate Tax Repeal covers what I will no longer get from Obamacare subsidies” said NO ONE EVER!!
Honestly don't know where people think $ is coming from if not from corps? It's coming from Medicare, Medicare and THE MIDDLE CLASS wake up
Dobby  you @SenSchumer
Chuckie-maybe your "Fake Tears" has got your eyes all watery & you can't do math
Also, looks like you are off your meds-rambling today I see
btw....when will dems come up with new "talking points", been using the same ole B.S for years-ever heard definition of insanity?
If DJT eliminated taxes & paid the deficit off himself, Democrats would whip themselves into a frenzy about how this will hurt the country!
: Every one in this life has a purpose and yours is to serve A. Poor Example...
: that was .. To serve as a Poor  Example
How would you know math, after 8 years of out of control spending and tax rates. Time to listen to someone who knows what the real world is
If you were so smart ,, you would have a good job!!!
As Senator Wyden says, Trump's tax plan gives taxpayers money with one hand, and takes it away with the other hand. WE KNOW HE'S A CON MAN!
And Pence continues to write these lies. When will Congress put legislation in place to stop this. It’s treason plain n simple.
Schum u got jokes !!
