Sen. Chuck Schumer: "If you're a real president, you care about people's suffering" http://CNN.it/go  
if you're a real American you work together for progress. Thanks for nothing Chuck, especially here in the corrupt state of NY
GOP health plan was an epic fail. Thanks to Schumer Americans will have Obamacare and not die. Thanks Chuck.
Tell my brother in law that when his premiums doubled this year and with deductible cost is 10 grand to get anything out of it not affordabl
This is because Rep are undermining law. States not expanding medicad & congress not funding.
a real Senator would do the same.
Just like, if you were a real senator, you'd work for your constituents, right?
If you're a REAL American, you care for the SAFETY of the American people and support your @POTUS . On that, there're no games.
just like Republicans did for Obama? Please..
U forget the Obama invited leaders to the white h and made the statement elections have consequences we won u lost when he became pres
The goal needs to be to bring down premiums of ACA marketplace. That's the biggest problem. Fix that and we'll be fine.
if Trump wants Democratic votes, he will have to increase subsidies as part of the overall solution.
Trump would be open to that. The problem is the House GOP. @KatyD63
Trump used to back single-payer in the 90s. He's not a crazy right-wing nut. He's being used as a puppet by RWNJs.
you are your policies. I think if he has the votes, he can force Ryan to put the bill up for a vote.
Speaker O'Neill a liberal Democrat time and again allowed the conservative president Ronald Reagan an up or down vote.
What I'm saying is that Trump is willing to bend more than other Republicans are.
and what I'm saying is either he will bend or he will not bend, and so far the most right wing president since WW II.
If private corporations ran their businesses like congress, USA would be bankrupt. Most companies would fire everyone of you
We sure hadn't seen much care for the American people during @BarackObama presidency. Only for illegals, radical Muslims, etc.
People like you have turned politics into a dirty word. Instead of being professional & working for USA your naming calling.
President Trump IS WORKING FOR the American people. He is putting America first.  Why you can't see this is insane!
Trump has done more for the American people in two months than Obama did in eight years.
That the problem. He's not a real president and doesn't care about the American people. He only cares about one person, himself.
I'm stunned. I never heard that in the 8 yrs of Obama presidency! All Dems care about is their agenda. #SocialismSucks
You're like a spoiled child and I pray people like you and pelosi won't be reelected. You are anti God.
Thanks for your service Harlan!
Thanks and would do it again.
Again you don't care about our well being by resistance! Instead of working together to #maga sorry but you are a POS! #schumerresign
He attempted to do so, but radicals such as yourself want to kill American citizens.
If you cared you would be ON TIME for your appointments
If you are a real Senator, you care about your constituents and would work with not against your President. 
Grow up, child.
the well being of the people should have been thought of before.  We wouldn't have Obamacare if you did.
Nonsense.  The ACA would've been better had the GOP not insisted on watering it down.
Want to expand Medicaid and ACA? Simple...write a check that leaves your children in debt for the next 100 years..done
if lived near you I would be your worst nightmare  be yelling. You voted for a liar crooked Hillary
you dont care for the people, liar
if you were a real Sen. You d work 4the ppl instead of the lobbyist
#Obamacare Reform, not replace.  Don't let them off the hook.  Show American people Dems care.
there will be no reform or replace. Obamacare will collapse and that will be it. Game over.
Highly unlikely.  But if so, it will be your fault, America hater.
You're a sad excuse for an American...How in the world did you get elected?
Cheating like all democrats!
Do you have ANY intention to work WITH Republicans to fix problems or do you just intend to grandstand for next 4 yrs? #Pathetic
he'll grandstand when he's not yelling at diners
Dimm power depends on creating more suffering "Victims". Keep your failing Obamacare and own it!
u suck period
He is not real- just a Russian puppet & pet idiot for Vlad.  Delusional Don will be in hot water real soon when the truth hits.
@realDonaldTrump Didn't need to run for @POTUS. Which donors are you owned by, Sen Schumer?  How many jobs have you created?
well being....lol I can't even afford ACA because it's 2 damn expensive
Democrats have abandoned American citizens now party of Islam and Illegal alliens. You do not care about American citizens.
If you're a real congressman, you wouldn't be an obstructionist! That doesn't help Americans either.
@CNN yes you said it American people not illegal immigrants.
You're saying @realDonaldTrump isn't a real #President?  He cares more about #AmericanPeople than politicians. @nypost
Yep. Thats why I am surprised you are fighting him. Travel ban would've helped. ACA repeal would've helped, Gorsuch big help.
And if the Democrats were concerned about the USA, they would have quickly approved Trump's cabinet---LIKE GOP DID 4 OBAMA!
Obama didn't.  He ruined my life  Typical progressive hypocrite
if you're a real senator, you get off twitter when chiding the president about being on twitter. #hypocrisy #GrowaSet
he does. You don't
But Trump is not a real president. Not legit. #NotMyPresident
you want it your way or the highway which to me is sad cause your hurting the American people you supposedly represent!
he's being paid by Soros to resist just like his counterparts @NancyPelosi @SenWarren and @MaxineWaters! He does care!
@CNN You are talking about obama right. Trump with a few good others are the only one's that care. Adults whining  pathetic
get off your high horse and do what you were elected to do!  Rep Americans not YOUR agenda!!!!
That goes for the dems to. (elected officials).
if you cared about the citizens of America you would help repeal and replace ACA/OBAMACARE! It only helps the poor and lazies.
hey dip wad you are the reason people are suffering. It is not my responsibility to pay for someone else healthcare.
look in the mirror when you make that accusation your the one who does not care
Schumer, you are a senator and don't care about the American people! U do what u want & don't have mandates due to party loss!
of course but should not be govt run period.
let them work and pay for it just like i do. I never ever asked for any handouts.
@LeChatNoire4 he's not a legitimate prezfff He's not a RealPrez...He's FakeNews,entertaining.
He only cares about @IvankaTrump And the rest of his mobster family!
Insurance plans gave doctors/ospitals/pharma opportunity to raise fees/prices to all time highs.
The real crime is letting gov control health care for citizens in the first place.
If you care so much abt citizen well being, why can't we have your Cadillac health plan?
Yea....like Obama did! He was a snake!
a bunch of over grown babies!!
Dipshit: Caesar. "Cowards die many times before their deaths; The valiant never taste of death but once."
~~~Shakespeare
First....you have to get a Real president!......
why is it when you speak or fake cry all I hear is blah blah blah!
So interested in America's well-being?? LOL So why are u not supporting Gorsuch?Clearly voting along party lines and UN-American
if you were a real senator you would wor kto make things better rather than being a one way senator all for you
.. Did U KNOW That Hitler Imprisoned ALL @TheDemocrats & Communists & KILLED Them ALL! 
#America
He must Recognize why it occurred! It was all 4 the sake of partisan goal, not 4 people who need & use healthcare
lets also care about the well being of America USA
& @TheDemocrats  
Judgment Day IS Coming, 4 U..SOON! U Malevolent, Evil Scoundrel! 
#America
if you are not a sick person you would. DT is sick and never will care. he can't. Sick man shld not have nuke codes
Let's pray then you never become president
Unite Not divide !!..U r a EXTREMELY selfish person !
if you're a real Senator...you work with everybody for the good of Americans.  Your obstructionist hard line ways are appalling!
Is it vital that you read this and consider her strategy:
STOPTHE BS! Democrats had 8yrs & did nothing but allow illegals 2enter USA, spy on Americans, ruin the MiddleEast & codify ISIS!
WE WANT TO SEE WERE ALL UR MONEY CAME FROM U DIDN'T MAKE IT BEING A SENATOR WHO'S PAYING U OFF ???
like you and Anthony Weiner do?
TRUMP DZ CARE ABOUT US YOU DON'T YOUR DAYS R # CHUCKIE
It's sad chuck. All these comments about you not working with The President -the American Ppl.  Stop the nonsense. We voted !
if you are a REAL Senator then you are not an obstructionist and care about the security of our country. #SundayMorning
He does care. That's why he fights for us against Obamacare & corrupt Democrats.
if u r a real politician for the people u would stop bashing #potus & do your job. #hypocrite #bidenrule #aca
By mandating increasing premiums year over year like O'Bastardcare and taking away people's doctors and plans? Ok. Got it.
VERY FAKE NEWS and a Senator who can not be truthful!!! No one is listening!
And if you were a real Senator you'd care more about the people you serve than party politics and your own career. #notmysenator
you lost Chuck
If you're a real senator,you're not bought off...#Chuckietheclown
if you were real human you to void the lying media. How much are you making off of all this? Soros payroll?
Chickie, you're a traitor.  Your time to get out you'll fart. You've done nothing but run America, sending you Depends
U.S. has a drug epidemic. Drugs are pouring over the border, children are dying, and a wall on the border is the answer. 
Like you do? LOL!
I understand you have to be ultra left for your voters. But wouldn't be nice if you could focus on what's right?
That is pretty low Chuck. Conservatives care deeply, plus they realize people are being hurt by liberal bureaucracy.
The President DOES CARE about the people.  That why he gave up his private life to try and make things better.
On the one hand you're willing to work with POTUS to "improve" ACA and on the other you say it's working.  Which is Senator?
Trump cares much more than you! I've lost my insurance because of Obamacare! You and Demos are evil! Only care about politics

if you care about the American people, why dont you have Obamacare? Why did you all vote for something different for you?
and how would you no, you're not Pres. and you don't care about anyone but your pathetic self?
if u truly cared about people you'd stop the perpetuation of hate! STOP!!!!
so that's why you screw the American people
if you were the real leader of the Democratic Party, you'd renounce corporate money and acknowledge Bernie as the leader.
Schumer you don't care about Americans. All you do is obstruct our president. Shame on you Schumer
you and the democrats don't care about ANYBODY but yourselves and your liberal agenda not the American Ppl
@CNN way to go chuck
you are unamerican. trying to restrain the
appointment of a supreme court justice
for selfish reasons.
you being elected to the Senate is the worst thing that's happened to this country.
Chucky if U were a real Senator U would be working with the President to fix these problems,But You are not!
oh Lord. Are you 5? Stop being such a child Schumer and do what respectable leaders should do. Work together 4 America! Unite!
Schumer should be made to retire telling the intelligence comm to hit trump isn't very smartwait Chuckie isn't known4his brains clink clink
thank you for all your work on our behalf
I cannot help but feel pity for putrid beings like U full of EGO and heartlessly corrupted!
Chucky, your days are numbered..as a Senator and a politician..remember Cipriani's..your comments were taped..
What a stupid thing to say
of course he does
Try to be productive
Your evil was showing since Day 1, Schumer you prove daily that you don't care about AMERICA.  HYPOCRITE.
@CNN well being of people is why this rushed bill wouldn't of passed. Ego hurt, blaming others, acting out - not qualities POTUS
like Obama releasing thousands of convicted felons early from prison, importing tens of thousands Radical Muslims&deal with Iran
And what exactly do you care about, Chuck? You still patting yorself on your back for stealing the Space shuttle from Houston?
Such a DIVIDERYou have in DC far too LONG. You don't care about this Country or yo wouldn't have RAN up 20T DebtResign
Omg did he just retweet his own tweet hahaha trying to b relevant #dumbasscrybaby
he cares about the American people-you don't,when POS democrats are ready to work on a bipartisan plan-he will meet you half way
If you cared less about your pocketbook and more about the American people your side would have won the election !
it's clear you and others like you, got to go. Clearly don't want to work or do what's best for this country. Obstructionist.
and not the well being of your party. Right Chucky?
your side LOST, get over it,get to work,if you can't then get out!
same goes for our senators sir
CHUCK! DO NOT ALLOW A COMPROMISED PRESIDENT TO INSTALL A LIFETIME JUDGE!  #TraitorTrump
You sarcasm is unbecoming. Please act professional and stop embarrassing the Senate.
Trump does care about the american people. Democrats do not. Constantly pushing a new world order, and crushing the middle class. #TRUMPYOU
ya GOP watches out for Americans like a fox guarding a chicken coop. #FreeToDie @NotSoFreedomCaucus
You have to be brainwashed if you believe the GOP is the problem. Which you are since 99% of media is controlled by democrats pushing lies.
THE MURDOCH MEDIA EMPIRE IS IN EVERY HOTEL ROOM AND SHOPPING.... http://tmi.me/1fi6Ca 
If you Schumer were a real patriot, you would stop the obnoxious politics and work toward making our country great again.
No incorrect statement! U, Pelosi &other Dem say people losing health care meaning illegals 50%or More Babies born on Medicaid
Seriously your an elected official too. Where was your concern for the American ppl with this Unaffordable Care Act crap. OWN IT
.@SenSchumer 
If you're a real American citizen u care abt America. You & your lib party want destruction. We won't let u "Cuckie".
@POTUS
Hey Trump Troll
It's over!
Be gone!
"Poof*
He's not a real POTUS. He's Putin's puppet. Block Gorsuch and try Trump&Co for treason. Impeach & Convict. Get real. #NotNormal
which is why not a single democrat wants to fix Obamacare.
@Cup_of_Joe2 This man is beyond disgusting
Don't even think about collaboration with Trump. Get independent investigation, impeachment for treason underway. #DumpTrump!
if you are a real senator which apparently there seams to be few of in either side rep. Or dem
He cares for the American people not health care just for illegal aliens and those on welfare.I work in med field you sir don't have a clue
he just did now YOU & NANCY own obamacare CONGRATS when it fails then President Trump will do what he needs to
you're not an American. If Jesus was Trump's nominee, you would still try to block it. God help us.
Like you did when you voted Obama care in. President Trump & republicans are doing it the right way.They also read what they are putting in.
IfUR aReal Senator U would care about all American people, not yr selected ones for political gain! UR an obstructionist w bias
as Trump does - he cares more than you could fathom - give this President a try.
If you were a real (ethical) senator, you'd care more about the people!
Thank God we have a REAL PRESIDENT instead of a Soros planted pro-Muslim, pro-ISIS, pro-Homo, pro-globalist puppet in the WH!
@CNN like Americans left to be slaughtered in #Benghazi ... your team slept as they begged for help! You sir, are #shameless
What are you celebrating Chuck? ACA too expensive -no choices...  Obstructionist       ----PARTY OVER PEOPLE AGAIN!----
@CNN Obamacare made people loose ins plans that they liked & wanted to keep. How was THAT lying 'caring' about Amer ppl??
Says the senator who has caused untold suffering on millions of Americans.
Enjoy your last chance at politics.
it's kinda like saying you're a real Senator. Maybe you can help maddow understand Trumps 2 page tax return. She's struggling
If you were a real leader you would care about the American people and not everyone from all other countries.
Chuck Schumer you show no signs of caring for anyone but yourself. Disgusting
make the positive changes to ACA
...says a Senator who doesn't care about half of his constituents!
Senator Schumer the Dems should stop all action until the republicans agree to an independent investigation into Russia
If you, Chuck, would be a REAL senator, you would give up your seat. Your pissy attitude is of no value added except ... ?
how about 2/3 of the world population of medicine/party HUMAN BEINGS THAT NIXON-BUSH/TRUMP GOP DEA WAR FASCIST PRIVATIZERS HATE?
