Eating those crawfish is mean spirited , tear, tear, tear!
@ariellauren
I can't believe @SenSchumer was at @ThreesBrewing. Epico!
Those poor crawfish didn't deserve to be boiled, how horrible
Photo op Chuck strikes again
thinking a head and not let them catch us flat footed. We need you to focus. If you are too bogged down I will come to D.C and work the
leadership in both houses with the former White House council or whoever you need to speak with to craft the play book now. We must be
Probably paid for by the tax payers.
Things are good for this hateful democrat politician, who cares?

That looks epic
Hope you paid for your meal!
Tired of "hot dogs", Chucky? We are all pretty sure you're not a "pizza" guy.
Isn't that almost cannablism both of you Mud Dweller's
You wouldn't be trying to coddle southern folk, would you?
please resign now
No one cares about hateful Schumer and his family, he is no patriot or he would support Trump and the America people.

Who gives a shit?
Enjoy your roll. NYS IS THE HIGHEST TAXED WELFARE STATE IN THE NATION. JOBS WOULD BE GREAT. WE PAY U TO WORK 4 US. U HAVE DONE NOTHING!
Put chuckie in the pot!
Haha you kinda look like a crawfish! too bad they didn't do America a huge favor and boil you
#chuck? How #kosher are those #crawfish? #USPolitics
You are always angry so it's nice to see you smile even if it is a photo op.
LMAO  @SenSchumer trying to appear to understand everyday people GTFO
free crawfish from your Ghetto pimp @SenSchumer
process for you. WE WILL EXCEPT NOTHING LESS THAN A NEW ELECTION!!!
There is nothing in the Constitution on this because we have never had an enemy of the state become President. I am asking for you to gather
Sen. What is the plan if Trump is impeached? We will stand for NOTHING LESS than a new election. I am asking you to be thinking ahead
That crab bacteria isn't covered on the trump care ,be carefull he is trying to poison seniors !
Don't worry chuck does not have Trumpcare nor Obamacare not good enough for him but ok for the rest of us
You're hated
Crawfish? In nyc? Sure thise weren't roches? Saw some big ones in the Bronx.
How does a human make a crawfish? Doesn't a mommy crawfish and daddy crawfish who love eachother very much...
Those crawfish look like lobsters. How about sharing , Chuck?
Schmuer as a leader arnt y'all the Adolf of the 9th hour massare???
You can keep the crawfish, but glad to see you out for fun & charity!
ENJOY!!
I can't tell which one's Schumer
Looks yummy!
Most crawfish are mean. They all taste the same.
Watch don't get sick!  OCare might not cover you.!
I hope one bites you
How disgusting to see Schumer pretending to be one of the people!
If you want to win back the senate then propose an alternative health care plan and don't wait do it now
Too bad Chef Kyle didn't push your big head into crawfish
I hope you enjoyed your meal - but it doesn't look Kosher!  : )
Les le bon ton roulet
Wait... that's trefe!
senator, i love you.
Didn't know you had time to take away from your socialist agitation & neocon warmongering. Based on you & @amyschumer Family is questionable
Enjoy your day! You deserve a break from the WH craziness! Thank you for all that you do for us!
Who's a Shoomer, now?
Hello amazing Sen. Schumer.  Just enjoy the Crawfish...wish I can have some...yum, yum...
cool. how's Kyle's healthcare? #HR676 #MedicareForAll
weird I thought Chuck was more of a slimy squid
Yum
