So Senator Schumer, what r u going to do about it!?! It is well past the time to fight dirty! Get up stand up stand up 4 all our rights 
Yes for starters!
You do realize GOP still controls house and Senate, right? Want healthcare for all but would be bill suicide to intro now. Vote GOP out.
It's time we stop hiding from it. Single payer, #MedicareforAll is the path forward. I'd like to see other candidates and MOCs join me.
Indeed Mr. Hyman that would be ideal! And good luck with ur campaigning we r rooting for u in Pa!
Let Obamacare burn .  Democrats gave us the crap and did not care about all the people paying for ins that lost it!!! @POTUS You can't
fix it.    Let the Dems 
Millions have been harmed by Obamacare
to understand the GOP one must understand their motto in life .. the reason for their existence ... it explains everything once you get it!!
Talking about democrats and Obama.
At least the Reps are TRYING! If Ocare is so great why don't all Dems sign up! Please stop  making demands & do your jobs Dems!
The WH claims democrats are obstructing the Trump agenda. I hope they're right and ask that you please continue to obstruct and resist.

Schumer killing babies and calling it healthcare, that is disgusting. Harvesting body parts for profit, and the Democrats look the other way
Cryin' Chuck lying about Healthcare again just like he did with NObamacare.
Trot out the crying puppies Chuckie.  Works every time.
https://twitter.com/supraTruth/status/884128710214918144 …
Versus the tens of millions who were harmed by Obamacare before Obamacare stopped insuring people for lack of insurers.
And, what about Obamacare Chuck? 
Schumer, "This will not fool the millions of people who will be harmed by #Trumpcare "

Where you equally as outraged when millions of ppl were harmed by #Obamacare?  #SelectiveOutrage
Private property and individual wealth is integral to individualism, and the enemy of the Liberal.
My son is working 2 jobs and his wife overtime to insure their family with 3 children and they can't afford deductibles ASSWIPE
YOU Chuck have been the BIGGEST FOOL claiming to represent New Yorkers... WE SUPPORT TERM LIMITS.. GET OUT so Govt can work again.
And, what about Obamacare Chuck?
How about the millions harmed by the ACA asscrack?
How many people were harmed by Obamacare? Do you even know? How can you ignore rising premiums, co-pays & Ins co.'s refusing to participate?
what about the millions already harmed by Obamacare and those that will lose it all when it fails?

how about the millions of taxpayers, you hurt, jamming obamacare down our throats.  Biased much?
Just like ocare scam same Pyle of political crap the fed keep shoveling out to the people no gov will rule me flake off commy schumer
Mr schumer. Be harmed?  Obamacare did that. Quit scaring America with your false truths. Get to work.
You mean like Obamacare pulling hundreds of millions of people
WWJD? Christian GOP members? Where's the love for God's creation?
BS
They will suffer the consequences of their failure to represent their constituents & bow down to Koch Bros, Mercer & Corps. #VoteGOPOut
We're doing our part Chuck, are YOU going to nuclear if you have to is the question??!!
Hypocrite shame on you.  You got a short memory.  Liar.
If Obamacare is so good you should welcome the competition
In other words: whoever changes to yes has been bought!
The only thing harming the American people is your lies you the Democratic Party you all need to resign!
No ACA Repeal.
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy & ALL GOP who support repeal and replace!
Millions wont buy because no penalty. Who cares
Reach out to McConnell to construct a bi-partian bill that is a win for everyone.  Now is the time!
So, it was okay Obamacare raised my premiums and deductibles so high that I can't afford to go to dr?
Midterms
leave the damn thing alone.....why do you keep insisting on beating a (hopefully) dead horse....
Thank you for your great work...xoxo
Then Chuck, we will watch your Obamacare crumble then what? You are hurting the American public for political glory..enjoy minority speaker
dont ya just _____________  ted cruse
They were Harmed by OscumaCare! Stop being an obstructionist & do what's right 4 the People. Keep playing this game & u'll b playing @ home!
GOP continues 2 hide from constituents as they take away healthcare from rural areas,the sick, old, children, veterans...#whereiscorygarder?
How stupid can you be what do u think is happening now high deductibles people can't afford.  Out of touch no clue elitist
Nobody likes you Chuckie!
Fox News Poll: Favorable Opinion - @FLOTUS, @POTUS, @VP, @NancyPelosi, & @SenSchumer. 
What about the millions affected by obamacare?    Why are they insignificant??
Gruber & Obama fooled America on ACA.  you loved it chuckle.
@SenTedCruz  Health Insurance is not like car insurance. You can't cover the Flu but ignore Cancer, Diabetes.
Are you seriously getting your information from the @washingtonpost ?  Really?  A senator should be much better than that
Also your going to be voted out of office. No one thinks your fit for the Senate and Trump can not help you. He will be removed soon.
Schumer u r the 1 who fools US
DON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT OBAMACARE HURTING ANYONE!!! NO ONE CAN AFFORD IT.  LOVE MY PREZ
CNN Gets Pummeled: Great CNN Meme War Entries Vol 3 http://www.infowars.com/cnn-gets-pummeled-great-cnn-meme-war-entries-vol-3/ … via @realalexjones
WATCH: Funniest you'll see today... CNN forcing an apology out of the Reddit Gif Maker. #CNNBlackmail 
h/t @theblaze

Hey chuck knock it off you are boring and insignificant
Donald Trump is a LifeSupremacist r u?
I dunno, back in 2016, people said US voters wouldn't be fooled by Trump.
Nope we see you, we, as your EMPLOYERS, will not allow you to over ride the wish of the majority of American citizens.
How about all of us harmed under Obamacare? My premiums doubled and deductibles now 6k so far out of pocket 5k plus. #fixhealthcare
Your party are the ones that fooled the people with Obamacare
It's not Trumpcare!  Quit trying to scare the American people. The ACA is worthless.
You are really supporting raising taxes or borrowing another trillion dollars trying to appear to be a good person & deceive the citizens
CLOSEST SCAM @SenSchumer WILL GIT TO  HEALTH-CARE IS THRU HIS DEPENDS??
Lied and you know it.
Schumer you are an obstructionist liar
Like millions were fooled by Obamacare? More hypocritical statements
You don't fool millions of people! You shoved Obamacare down our throats knowing it was bad and now act like your some kind of hero. 
#SomeHaveNotLearned the 
#MeaningOf
#InvoluntaryServitude
#KeepTrying to
#TeachCongress
HELP STOP THE #DemsResist they are the true #childrenofthecorn 

https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/883680909186265088 …
Don't get to smitten CryinChucky, POYUS IS NOT GOING TO GO FOR THAT!  Repeal buys time! Called any more women a BITCH lately Chucky?
There is No one more contemptible Lying Ted Cruz who's desperately trying to create a Evangelical Caliphate in USA while opposing Healthcare
What about the people u took HC from and now can't afford it. It's worthless and junk and un-affordable.
You already harmed millions of people by taking their healthcare away and given to others for free or almost free.
Amazing that this article mentions both parties working together only once (wake up GOP) & kudos to Sens Murkowski & Collins for their work!
Not good news for you @SenSchumer Consumer confidence and markets all time high - Looks like resist not working - Dems lose more seats
Instead of continued hate & complaining why don't you try to work for a change! #firechuckshumer
It's great for the millions of people who pay for #ACA but can't afford their own deductibles. Leeches get more medical care than tax payers
You mean unlike the dim wit dims, the Reps are giving people a choice? It's call freedom, you nit wit!
Ted Cruz. Scary that any thinking person would take his word for anything. He's a clown.
We want full repeal of Obamacare
Correct America will no longer be fooled by the dog dem racist bigot self serving pack any longer America is awakened Vote all Dems out 2018
Like the 6 million babies you guys kill a year.  By choice.
How about the baby & family in England! Socialized, dysfunctional health care. Just like you "Smuck!"
But 8th will save the crumbling middle class
Millions are HARMED BY OBAMACARE & THE  destruction still doesn't stop
sure it will, u fooled them with the ACA didn't you and pelosi?
REPEAL
If the American people are somehow clearly informed we all will raise hell! Kill GOP destructive healthcare bill.
obamacare fooled millions
Insurance because now it is not a mandate get your facts straight you Dunkey dem
Stop your nonsense #cryingchuck no one is losing health care unlike the affordable care act where people did. They will choose to not have
Cruz plan pushes those with pre-existing conditions into ACA plans, raises their costs dramatically. Repeal and Replace CRUZ!
@SenSchumer - You're very quiet about the millions of families who can't afford Obamacare! What's happening to them? Crickets!!!
Let's aggregate these with BO losers of healthcare and admit govt intervention is inefficient
What about the millions of middle class/income already harmed. NOT ONE WORD FROM YOU. Give up your EXEMPTION to Obamacare
I was ruined by Obama so called care,but I'm white and rep. So I dont matter to you,but Trump cares about U.S..
Love the fear mongering! We want the same health care YOU have senator!  My tax dollars pay for it!
You found millions thinking Obamacare is the way ...your a fool...get back under your rock
The Rrpublican party better get a more centrist agenda if they want to survive!  Those crazed Freedom Caucus are losing ground bigly!
At least Republicans tried to fix the problem. Democrats still talking about Russia. Both parties suck right now. Democrats are worse! #Maga
I wonder if he's been buying up United Healthcare stocks like some of his brethren. How is that not insider trading when you make the law?
The fools are the Dems. that made this healthcare mess! Inside of tweeting your blame names, work on a real solution.  President Trump is!
Campaign ads highlighting corruption while personal interest stories show people dying, I can see it now.
This just screams desperation. If this insidious bill goes through, there will be quite a few unemployed Republican senators.
Doubtful since it's an excessive overreaction equal to the sun setting and saying it will never rise again now pay more taxes
This is an all out assault on WeThePeople who will die&go bankrupt in the process @SenateDems must do everything possibleto stop this attack
The paid off crooks of Big Pharma. They stand to make billions and billions of dollars in pure profits, all on the lower class citizens. $$$
Stop #BCRA : #WitholdConsent + do #UnlimitedAmendments in vote-a-rama
Schumer: 202-224-6542
Gillibrand: 202-224-4451
He looks like he's trying very hard to stifle something.
What would you call Obamacare, which promised lowering premiums and keeping your doctor.
No insurance companies involved and everyone can go to for most medical needs. If people want private care they can pay for it.
Why can't we have a basic program where 95% of the medical needs people have is offered by government ran clinics.

Is @housegop @SenateGOP in such a hurry bc they too know #25AmendmentNow is WAY over due? 
There's a whole lota  on @gop's face bc of 45
cruz alternative health plans are cheap because they don't cover  anything useful  a scam
#NoToScamTrumpCare
It only fools 17% of Americans! Tell Ted Cruz and Mitch McConnell start listening to the 83% of Americans!
most of us don't choose ignorance esp us that have ones we're fighting for. My daughter w autism will lose.
It's amazing how you don't care about the people that don't have ACA because in YOUR STATE it's unaffordable
@PeopleOfDetroit @FlintMINews @Blackstar1000 @blackvoices @AceAzz14dj @BryanDawsonUSA @CJ_news @amjoyshow @ACOGKC @Gospel1590AM @VanJones68
Thank you for being a voice of reason!!
YAWN!  Monitoring the left is soooooo boringly!
I can't afford ocare anymore so I have no insurance how can you help me chuckles you libtards have no plan you can't help Americans at all
I still say ACA is not legal since Supreme Court changed language in bill there by legislating from the bench. Only Congress can write bills
Like millions of Americans it's already hurting because of Obamacare
how come you don't care about the millions who have been and are still being harmed by aca?
#Obamacare is a sinking ship @POTUS44 @BarackObama @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @TheDemocrats!!!!! Stop being #Obstructionists #CryBabies
Keep fighting Chuck
Sadly it might... as many of them voted for Trump...#swindled #trumpcare #25thThe45th
Well Chuck then do something.
Breaking: Ex future NY Senator Schumer spits on Americans by sitting in corner & sucking his fooler to show he is a pouting do nothing dem!
Give it Schumer you will lose.
Chuck, do you have a brain....start using it please
You couldn't wait to pass Obummer care didn't even read it. Let the smart people fix your mess!
Democrat Test Fill in blank: Y or N:  ___I don't Have a Brain; ____ I don't have any sense; ____I am extremely stupid!.  Schumer, take test!
Schumer is a fool
Americans are not stupid. We see what  @SpeakerRyan is doing. He can't hide.
please resign now and washingtonpost go out business  now fake news
Stealing Medicare benefits to reward the already rich is disgusting.
There's very little that is more harmful to average Americans than removing the preexisting condition factor. Annual and lifetime caps, too.
No ACA has harmed all of us middle class citizens who pay much more for those people get over it old Chuck
Why is the Federal govt involved in health care? Oh right...Obama...we are a capitalistic society, get govt out of health care.
Dont need insurance anyway as Schumer wants to start WW3 with Russia and is calling for just that.
I'd gladly pay more for healthcare if I can get to and from work in a reasonable timeframe to and from Penn Station on a regular basis.
How many were/are in dire straights due to Obama Care?? Where was your voice then schmuck!
And, in 2018, may they remember this wrongful deed.
We will not b fooled by anti American senators immigrants or civilians
@SenToomey this is fooling you. I pity you
We are a nation of PROMISE, not a nation of PROMISES!

What about the millions that r harmed by ACA
I won't necessarily rule that out. The fact Trump is 45 shows how gullible ppl are. @SenateDems must counter this.
just repeal, no need to hurry to replace. Get it right!
You are the fool who voted all Dems for the disaster of OBC!80mill on Medicaid is unsustainable/this wasn't built for abled bodied adults
It's imperative GOP b held accountable for abuse of power/disrespect for citizens they've had arrested rather than listen to their concerns.
When did we as a country decide to accept citizens being arrested for expressing their 1st amendment rights, dismissing human rights?
A majority of citizens voted against hate&this inhumane way of governing. Please denounce GOP arrest of citizens using 1st amendment rights.
Thank you
