Damn why couldn't it be brown cows instead
This is a joke. They do not care about women's health.
Can't defend this wrong
This just makes me even more  These beasts don't represent anyone but themselves!!!2018 election can't come soon enough!
Hmmmm....I see people. Strange how those who want equality don't see people. I'm also thinking authorCameron Joseph is a person who is male.
GOP stands for Greed Over People
All *white* male.....
Republican Senators, you guys need to speak up and not allow this discrimination.  I hope the women in your districts are taking names.
totally appalled!  This does not represent all Americans interests!  #shameonyou
PAUL RYAN 700 ST. LAWRENCE AVE.... JANESVILLE, WI 53545 send all medical bills to his home. HE GOING TO PAY THEM
THERE IS NO DEFENSE! We are not an ALL WHITE MALE society & NEVER WILL BE! We demand representation of ENTIRE POPULATION!
Unfortunately most women do not feel this way.  That's the sad part....1950's is making a comeback... in a major way.
They have been taught that feminism is a bad word. It is not.
Frustrated old white men who probably can't get a natural erection deciding health care for women would be hilarious if it wasn't true!
Hubris in action. Your end is closer than you think.
Let me correct this, all WHITE male group
This is not a democracy.
You're right, it's a Republic.
ALL MALE? @NancyPelosi @SenWarren and other dem women not smart enough since they are losing their brain cells?
No excuse.
@SenSchumer we may need a special investigator to McConnel and wife in transportation, bought by Trump! There is a there, there
Republicans continue to treat American women like 2nd class citizens!
Of course you do, Mr. McConnell.  You state has the lowest life expectancy in the country.  Why would you care about the rest of us?
Doesn't your state have anyone representing you?
What does male have to do with anything?
Seriously old man
What year is this? 1817?

It's indefensible.
How many women were involved in creating Obama care?  Not too many.
better than an all insurance group making healthcare designed to destroy America
Horse pucky! 51% of Americans r FEMALE. Just more verbal strong arming! U just have to review what happened in the House re: healthcare
well, at least you guys now have a very convenient diversion...
U r a jerk

#fakenews
In what way do you think Ted Cruz isn't white? A large number of hispanics are white. Looks pretty white to me. If he is GOP diversity, sad!
Because your fools.  U can say goodbye in 2018 and plan on being replaced by women, especially the old goat McConnel
There is no defense. It should mirror the make up of America
@SenSchumer Should lead by example & give his seat over to an illegal Syrian black transsexual so that NY can have proper representation.
REPUBLICANS BETTER THEIR CRAP TOGETHER OR THEY WILL NOT BE IN POWER IN TWO MORE YEARS, you can be sure of that. Dictatorship is underway.
But 4 of those senators identify as female!  You are so wrong to associate gender with what one looks like on the outside.
@SenateMajLdr  you cannot defend the bias you are demonstrating by not having a women on the committee.. you are anti- women's health care
FIRE MCCONNELL PREBUS RYAN PENCE MCCONNELL TRUMPUTIN MCCONNELL MCCONNELL MCCAIN DID I SAY MCCONNELL REPEAL AND REPLACE REPUBLICANS NOW CALL
It's because they're all pussies!!!
"Cuz weez the menfolk, and them that purdylittle ladies Cain't do the hard work....thaze just too sensateeve like.."
I wonder if they're going to pop a viagra and measure before they start "giving" everyone the healthcare they deserve?
Because men know what's best for women's healthcare...smh
OUR PRESIDENT IS NUTS
rich dinosaurs that never used OBamacare, now are crying for a stupid medical system!
I wouldn't want a job...just because of my gender or skin tone Where's the pride in that
Yes by all means where R the token Women, Blacks, Hispanics, LGBT, Asian, Muslims that DEMS march out when they have their dog & pony shows?

Insane bunch of greedy old men.
If I, a medical student, have to take an entire course on women's health then they can have at least one woman on this team 
Senator Susan Collins has what sounds like a good plan. Has had it. She needs to be on the committee
They can't get any lower. They have no shame. Worship $ and white male privilege only! Wake up America!
MEN Deciding WOMEN's HEALTH CARE?
What defense could the GOP possibly have?

Disgusting.  Reminds me of the pompous men grilling Anita Hill.  We are going backwards.
So when is schumer giving up his job to a woman?
Loony liberals are so anti men. Enough is enough! Stop trying to castorate our men!
RIGHT! Because Chuck Schummer is a MALE and he's WHITE TOO! And not ashamed of it!
So what!
Senate Republicans dissing 50+% of U.S. population: Women. This all male group deciding legislation that includes women's issues is Wrong4US
They were elected by the people which includes women. They are representatives.
Unacceptable. There are women in the Senate who have things to add that some men may have never even thought about.
this is indefensible @SenateMajLdr as is the firing of FBI COMEY,need a independent prosecutor, someone to watch the angry orange clown
If the Dems would have gotten involved there are a few women there.. but THEY DIDN'T!!
That's no defense. They are hiding and have no intention of being inclusive.
COMPLETE AND UTTER BULLS*** this panel must have female representation.  I am DISGUSTED! @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @SenJohnMcCain
Do they not have Mothers, spouses, daughters???
Unbelievable
@SenSchumer Republicans are racist we all know that
I am sorry- Ted Cruz is not white? Ted Cruz is their token non-white? Seriously ? His name may be Cruz- but I'm pretty sure he's white....
13 conservative white men do not represent the US population. 54.2% are female. 39 percent are minorities. #Diversity @SenMajLeader
Of course they do they don't want women in charge period
It's so wrong not to have a woman in this group. You can't defend this. No matter how hard you try.
Not "a" woman, how about AT LEAST 50%

So what McConnell is really saying is the 1 woman newly apponited just a token to remain silent and to bring them coffee from time to time?
The results of all-male committee crafting the bill behind closed doors does not reflect an understanding of women's or children's health.
Why can't men understand children's health? Or women's health? Can women understand men's health? This is a committee not affirmative action
Health care plan my ass healthcare rip off definitely! The Trump administration believes they can remove $880 billion and tell you it's OK!!
And turtle face is right in front. He might as well be a dog sniffin right up agent cheetos butt
There is no defense
It is pure and simple 
WHITE MALES POUNDING their CHEST
attempting to prove their MANHOOD!
FIRE
USELESS
little
WHITE MEN
@SenateGOP & #mitchmcconnell are a joke. They will #whitewash their ver of #trumpcare & push thru the same way @HouseGOP did @SenateDems
Well sorry there's no black,transgender, marxist, snowflakes thete
@SenateMajLdr  I thought GOP would be transparent, have hearings, a CBO It's  startng 2 look just like the House. Add women 2 committee
retire already.
How can anyone defend the indefensible!
The time is surely upon us to revolt against this bullshit charade that the people of this country have representation
They don't care about any of our healthcare,  only their tax cuts for the rich and vindictive attempt to cut another's success.
True! Dam~ loony liberals!
This is appalling. We don't matter so it appears
WRONG ON EVERY LEVEL! Disgusted, Disappointed that these men are so backwards they can't see straight!
epitome of pigs
How do you defend the indefensible, you won’t even agree women should get equal pay. Bigots do not see women and minorities as their equal
You are correct! You described looney liberals so well.
This is amazing, really where are the women?
all they need now is white hoods
Just dumb!!
of course they defend it
They were voted in by men and women.  Brains, not vaginas, get the job done.
There is no defense and they are just trying to impose the old rich white guy mentality on what's right for women's healthcare

Male or female, we should be looking at who is most qualified and not what's between their legs.
Better yet, gelded like a male horse! 
Their defense = deny that it ever existed
I'm guessing cuz they're all bitches?
They all need to be neutered! 
Typical loony liberal, showing your true colors. Always trying to find ways to neuter men.
LOL
Well this is not starting off in a good place
What happened to by the people for the people? By the Cronies, forced on everyone is the Republican way.
That's because it has nothing to do w/health care and only wealthy tax cut. That's why 6Nov18 is judgment day. Special prosecutor can help
Yep, we are going to vote out even more loony liberals. I can hardly wait!
They shouldn't. Not necessary.
THis just makes me so mad
@SenSchumer Women don't matter to the Republicans. They approve of lying pussy grabbers
Business as usual for GOP. Only men matter until their hypocrisy is flushed to the surface by their 2nd class women. THEY SUCK...just sayin
Of course they do!
Indefensible @SenateGOP @GOP @SenateDems
