Eat sht
we just did! Thnks to Trump, economy and SUBSEQUENTLY our environment WILL NOT BE REDUCED to a 3rd world hell hole!
CO2 is not  a pollutant knucklehead!!
Thank God the Reps are trying to get the USA out of these ridiculous agreements.
But we hear crickets from you on Obama abusing his power to us the NSA to spy on American Citizens randomly
, yes, and it is great to have it done with. We won!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
F**K obama!
Hey Chuckie, you don't get a choice, because the Constitution didn't give you a voice.
Elections have ??? help me out here Chuckie... CONSEQUENCES!!
@realdonaldtrump
@SpeakerRyan
@SenateMajLdr 
@randpaul
@senJamesInhofe 
@JohnCornyn 
@SenJohnBarrasso 
@orrinhatch
@SenTedCruz 
@SenMikeLee
Chuck how come Hillary Clinton was never investigated for her collusion with Russia on the uranium one deal ?  Did you make money to on that
That's  next after this fake Russia thing. Corrupt Democrats don't just get away with their crimes.
UM so now the cities are willing to follow their own laws for climate and set standards. Should have been doing this all along!
65% of the energy to cheaply make that device, the medicine, run the lights, AC, and pump the water come from carbon.
Thankfully, he hadn't the guts to pass a treaty so the "deal" is dead.  Probably, the saddest POTUS since Carter.
Didn't realize CO2 caused asthma.
Disgusting. Iran was on the verge of economic collapse, and a Traitor Obama saved them enabling them to continue to kill.
Obama got us into it in one fell swoop. He screwed the American people, but it's what we expected of him (and U)
If you care about children enforce president Trump's travel ban or be responsible for the killing of our children by Muslim extremists.
That's what happens when you go it alone and don't include Congress.
You mean like trump has been doing. Once he's impeached everything he's done goes bye bye. How can you still be for him?
Impeached? BWAAAHAAAAA What are demented fools going to be like when he wins re-election? Easily? That's gonna be fun!
In words you should be able to understand "Oh YES WE CAN!" This is what happens when you let Obama, pen & phone govern, fool! Karma dude.
Yes we can! Suck it up buttercup!
The smoke from the conflicts he allowed has provided emissions, the fuel for his trip to Italy. Global warming exists just not our doing.
Why not? You are both frauds. Work to make NYS affordable and economically viable instead of sending taxpayer money to Europe!
Yes, we can.
Yes we should. Get on board with america!
We here in America are reducing our carbon pollution.  Yeah for us.  Have you shown up for work lately? Too busy ambushing Prez?
Every last bit of Obama's disgraceful "legacy" has to be dismantled for America to truly flourish. God bless President Trump!
Sure we can. He was the only one that did it. You schmucks in Congress didn't do anything.
Barry needs to crawl back under his rock. And you need to pass #TermLimits lil chuckie
Yes, we can.
Stop using innocent children to lie once again to the American people,  Schumer has no shame whatsoever.
Yes we can and we should
Chuckles let the hoax of global warming go man old news just like you babe.
Could have gone thru congress.Such a good deal. Seen China lately. No one else has either bcz SMOG.
Changed their hysteria when they realized they couldn't make as much money with Ice Age. Trillions ($) to be made on Global Warming.
Get behind issues of importance. This is important, but unless it's a worldwide effort, it is like draining the Titanic with a tea cup.
Yes we can!
An agreement that you did not agree on?
Proof or pontificating? @SenSchumer and @BarackObama
what libtards dont get is that what radically changes climate is huge meteors, thats wat killed dinosours ... libs just want money
You mean you can't have your backdoor scam discovered and dismantled. You guys put the harmful shit in the air. Stop it chuck dick. Stop.
Why not? It's a flawed effort put forth by a hypocritical community organizer.
Yes, we can because it's a HOAX.  Scientists agree upon that.
Oh but we can and WE WILL!!
Chuck we know you put your money out on the line for this. Vested in lies.
Everything Obama did will be undone
Oh yes we can Chuckie!!  Done!!
Too bad so sad, cry some more tears
Have you actually read the "agreement".  You're a fool if you think it will have ANY effect.
Guess that "Pen & Phone" BS doesn't have a lasting effect. So much for Prof. Obama's legacy!  Executive enforces laws, Congress makes.
UM YES WE CAN AND YES WE WILL WE CAN DO WHATEVER WE WANT TOO WE ARE THE PEOPLE YOU WORK FOR US REMEMBER THAT CHUCKY
It's called pen and phone legislating.
WTF ARE YOU YABERING ABOUT OBAMA IS TO BUSY WORRYING ABOUT HIS NEXT FIX! Or trying to locate Michael
Chucky's on wrong side again.The earth goes thru cycles. Stick around for say one million years & he'll be cryin about climate change then!
How can falsified climate data be used to support such an idea?
Yes, we can, you silly! 
And Planned Parenthood?
Excuse me, It is not PRES. Barack OBAMA, thank God it's PREVIOUS!
Oh, YES WE CAN!
why not?
The latest scientific study says CO2 actually cools the planet baffling scientists. So much for your bullsh^t.
Yes we can.
Why not Chuckie boy? Elections have consequences. .hmm who said that?
Democrap liar and hypocrite
Of course you don't want to reduce carbon. You want to tax it! I don't pay you to worry about this crap. Time to #Repeal17thAmendment
Do all global efforts ONLY involve a President not creating a legal Treaty by including Congress? President or King
Sure we can.
Who is @BarackObama? the name doesn't ring a bell
This would free up tax dollars that could be returned to the budget. Which in turn could help social security and Medicare. Get to work
Mr Schumer. Something funny. If all of congress would quit taking so many vacations, we would have less pollution in the air from the planes
Yes We Can! (Apologies to Obama for stealing his slogan)
wanna bet?
Go pound sand you sad, angry little man.
Please go away. I survived the ice age in the 70's
please keep doing this.  hugs -GOP
XYou lie
Elections have consequences. He should've included the congress. Goodbye #ParisAgreement
yes we can
Had he consulted Congress (i.e., not played the dictator) you'd be fine today, wouldn't you?
Then @BarackObama shouldn't have made a unilateral decision w/o involving Congress as Constitution states. Obama F'd up.
Yes, we can. Earth needs to be warmer, greener, and more productive. Fight world hunger.
Hypocrite, his global initiative cost the US jobs, and President Trump wants those jobs to come back. BHO didn't care about American jobs.
And you are going to stop this treaty not approved by the Senate how?
Especially not while Pres @BarackObama  is increasing his carbon footprint
Should we can watch president Trump we don't need Obama anything
Yes we can. You're not bearing the cost of it.
Yes we can! It was the worse thing America could have ever done. Think as a business man Chucky! Dems lose 2018!
Hypocrite
Nothing like a picture that has nothing to do with climate change to tug at heart strings. That right there is a picture geared towards
Pollution and this isn't Beijing
Terrorism has killed many more. Thanks guys!
Why are we the only country who responsibly reduces carbon emissions WHILE GIVING BIGGEST OFFENDERS UNTIL 2030 TO START COMPLYING?
Shame it ain’t a treaty. I don’t think “agreements” are covered by the supremacy clause.
Shouldn't you be paying attention to the water quality in your own state. I.e.  Gowanda     Hello. Is this thing on?
Yes we can...and yes we will!!!
TRUMP BABY!!!!!!
#MAGA
Thank goodness, just like a lot of other terrible things that Obama did can be taken down in one fell swoop
do more about islamic terror in the world before climate change!
Real scientists and governments have sold out or been black mailed to go along with this lie. There are scientists who are credible find one
Sure we can, just give it a try.
Why can't we undo another Obama screwup? You cry baby's need to cry to Chins/India. The Left is out and continues without a message.
Then get the TRUMPSTER the hell out of the WHITE HOUSE.
Look how many job's we've lost another example of Democrats don't care about America citizens
Yes we can!
lol we don't care what you think Schumer.

There are limited funds. Is this more important than health care and social security? deficit control? Priorities need $
Hard choices.
-Stop with the propaganda! The child is taking asthma medication. How about regulating big pharma?
You and your failed Obama made a mess of this world. Period.
You're footprint in pollution is too high.
http://occupydeplorables.com/how-to-brainwash-a-nation-escaped-kgb-officer-explains-america-2017-video/ …
Global Warming: Obama Used Private Jet, Helicopter & 14 Cars. He doesn't care about carbon pollution he just likes using OTHER PEOPLES MONEY
Yes we can.
Obama destroyed everything he touched !
Yes we can...Obama's #parisagreement was nothing more than a farce pushed down throats.
How did you vote on the Paris agreement?

Oh right, King Putt went around Congress.
The cost of the inhalers is outrageous and many insurances are not paying for the Albuterol inhalers, anymore.
according to NASA the World's temperature has gone up .11 degrees
A far cry from what liberals would let you to believe
Global warming is 97% fundraising. I can see why you don't want to let it fail
Obama has been traveling the world on jets, staying on super yachts causing more carbon than I will in a lifetime Chuck. Just stop please.
Omg so true. Great post!
Shut your trap Schumer and the pollution will go way down!
Good idea , let us cap all the volcano's , they do about 10,000 years of damage each time. nothing you or that president  to help this USA
Yes we can
Watch us!!! @realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @FoxNews America unfairly burdened! 
No we can't!!! #Resistance keeping on the good work.
You mean the same @BarackObama that illegally spied on US Citizens for years?  Grow a pair and call for an investigation.
Your still brainwashed from 8 yrs of Terrorist Obama!
Why do you post such outrageously false news, @chuckschumer
As Obama liked to say, #YesWeCan
https://scontent-dft4-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/15822741_1407349295966603_3858959474046543814_n.jpg?oh=5fcddec290e28e3b3985873356743033&oe=59A4FA46 …
Of course we can.
. Oh please, give me a break....show us the data not propaganda @SenSchumer
#JMHOetc  More noise from Chuck S. Just like with Nancy P., nobody is listening anymore.  hey are why we need term limits. @realDonaldTrump
Yes we can and should.
Again yeah callate payaso
That would be former President....Thank God.  Don't you have a graduation to attend, Chuckles?
We cannot allow You to continue the financial destruction of America. $20 Trillion in debt should be your priority, not wasteful spending.
Just shows America citizens where Democrats stand,not for America citizens
As Obama would say... "Yes we can!"
Global warming scam.....Al Gore and you fly around the world in private jets and you 2 cry about the environment. Pollution causes cancer.
Global warming scam.....Al Gore and you fly around the world in private jets and you 2 cry about the environment. Pollution causes cancer.
Yes we can.
Global warming scam.....Al Gore and you fly around the world in private jets and you 2 cry about the environment. Pollution causes cancer.
We should let Presidents pass executive orders that can NEVER be undone unilaterally later?
... 
Trump will LOVE this plan!
Or is that not what you meant?
...
What power precisely do you want a President to unilaterally have then?
Be clear for once.
That is a joke and you know it.  China has no pollution control
and this image is related to your point HOW? 
#FearMongering 
#ParisAgreement 
#LiberalLies
If the Paris deal is credible, it would hold its own?
That "global" emphasis makes you leery consider the condition it has left American society in, as one example, the devastated mfg base.
Usurping our national security to foreign oversight.
Example: Swiss cheese cell phones.
Nothing against the Swiss, one of my favorite foods, Swiss cheese.
Go suck on a lemon Schmucky. You and your scare tactics are tired and ineffective. Go join the circus where you can be somebody again.
Well there's one legacy you can NEVER take from president Obama he was and ALWAYS will be U S 1st BLACK PRESIDENT!! Baaaahaaaa!!!&BoooYAH!!!
PRES TRUMP KEPT HIS WORD. HE MADE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN WHEN  HE LEFT THE COUNTRY ON SAUDI TRIP!  CAN WE KEEP HIM OVER THERE AND BE GREAT MORE
Oh yes we can!
Are u sir, going to  riding in cars? Flying in ? Riding on ?  trucks from delivering to ur ? I don't think so. That is climate change.
Crying queen shame in you 
Cigarettes cause most harm to our children. Maybe you should fight that battle.  Asthma kids can have deadly attack from 2nd hand smoke.
Maybe he should have included congress.  Live by executive action, die by executive action.  #PenAndPhone
Hate to tell U Chucky, climate change has gone on 4 millions of years an is NOT MAN MADE. That is Al Gore's $$ maker scam
When something is as bad science as this Global warming stuff! This isn't important to the U.S.
WHY is all smoke & mirrors, his crap is for USA to pay for worlds pollution cleanup, if Chucky wants Chucky should pay not taxpayers
Sure we can 
