I hope you wear that I support Obamacare T-Shirt when it collapse! YOU OWN IT!
The medical lobbyists have done a good job of wiggling out of the medical device tax?  Threaten to take business elsewhere?  No lobbyist
That is good. Your insults to Hillary are unforgivable.
I'll bet that Sen Schumer is in the pocket of Drug industry & medical device lobbyist.  CS wants our HC 2 pay doctors full fee?  Who's side?
Your approval rating went from 70% to 53%, keep obstructing!
Thank God for parliamentarians!
Why aren't u on obamacrap?

Republicans need to trash those rules and push your obstructionism aside. You know you would do it without hesitation.

Perhaps my video overview to my book The Hidden Dimension will help U grasp destructive of Dem Party upon us Chuck.
Rational ppl understand that there is absolutely no need 2 pump up Planned Parenthood w/$500 million a year on the backs of the taxpayers.
I will alway have more faith on #ObamaCare than in the #TrumpNoCare bill.  Don't let the GOP and Trump do more harm to America.
Repeal or lose your job.
But will they overrule and make up their own rules again? DON'T LET THEM!
Yeah - so I guess you're done with that fight having spent the day bashing Dems- awful
No subsidies for insurance companies.  No single payer & let's punish the drug industry.  They caused the opioid epidemic, cost taxpayer 45B
just get on board Schumer////repeal it. start from there.
Don’t let them overrule the Senate Parliamentarian. Senate institutions, formal and informal, have been damaged enough.
Please don't let them get away with overruling her findings.
Since Ocare is dead in the water & only wants to tax  Americans to death-we welcome President Trump healthcare!!!
The VP can override her
You Democrats want SINGLE PAYER insurance because THAT is your only hope of controlling the people
Why don't we ask McConnell if he wants this healthcare bill for his family.He is worried about DJT,or his wife job?Are we all going nuts?
Please don't let them change the rules yet again.
I would never trust Gove to take care of the very sickest of population, they can just cull the pop w/ any kind of epidemic or contamination
Single Payer HC is paid 4 by Gov, but they can easily, get out frm under cost by  unfortunate accident.  Like UK, tainted blood or bad serum
Dems refuse 2 repeal Obamacare, Y?  Don't let Gov "give" U single payer HC.  UK is sp, lost 2400 hemophiliacs 2 aids tainted blood. How?
#singlepayer
Fine Obamacare stays Dems own it! Not willing to work across aisle! Obstructionist, actions speak louder than words!
I say go NUCLEAR Americans need help getting away from the crippling Obamacare
Pizza, pizza.
What's good for the people is not good enough for congress. As soon as all you bozos are req'd to have same plan as the ppl, it'll get fixed
What have you brought forward 2 fix it other than full socialism single payer and totally fuck everyone along with further medical advances?
In reality we know you don't care chuck. You want single payer. Gives govt more control and you political hacks keep your separate system.
Pls tell me "A Better Deal" isn't Dems answer to Trump. Please hire new consultants instead of tired old hacks who produce "A Better Deal".
What is wrong with you??? Why don't you work together?? This division is nonsense. You should all be tossed!!
Yeah but you know @SenateMajLdr & @SenateGOP "Challenge accepted!" Remember it's about tax cuts not health care. #MakeAmericaSickAgain
Schumer Smart voters have great FAITH with People Pres Trump. ObamacareLESS IS DEAD. God bless & protect Pres Trump
Drop Obamacare drop Repub care go back to old days when we had competition on Healthcare Bipartisan
How many million folks are signed up on ACA ,but can't use the policy because the can't afford the deductible. Count those as uninsured
You would love to bail the insurance companies out to save ACA. Of course that would be paid by taxpayers who were already robbed by ACA.
Insurance companies & pharmaceutical companies don't want to have ACA repealed. They don't want to have to compete for the policy's.
You really don't want ACA to be repealed b/c of the largesse you get from pharmaceutical & insurance company's.That has to be your motive
So you would rather Americans have no healthcare other than the lie of ACA ,that no one can afford. Millions don't have insurance right now
You bought the bullshit! Glad your rolling around it in, and not me, nor my family! The #OnlyLie was the one #DumpsterDonnie sold YOU! ToBad
And then
http://www.haaretz.com/us-news/1.779615 …
Make it fair to those who can't pay what they don't have

Your party is the reason health care is screwed up. Dems the Party of obstruction. Go sit down. You contribute NOTHING.
Thank you Chuck the Smuck and Rhino repukes for officially making America a BANANA THIRD WORLD REPUBLIC
Blah blah blah
Good
No ACA repeal.
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy Pence Ryan McConnell Sessions
Republicans are traitors
Great job at slowing down the USA.
Your message continues i.e. Screw the Trump Admin.
Keep it up so more Congressional Libs lose their jobs!
PP WAS NOT MADE TO DO ABORTIONS! U PRO-ABORTION PEOPLE ARE NOTHING BUT HEARTLESS AND IMMORAL
Get with the program Chuck. You work for us! Stop your obstruction NOW!
Even tho minority, Dems should propose their own plan to improve ACA, put it out there, get public on board, beat McConnell at his own game.
WHAT YOU aren't going to let them SHOVE a BILL down our throats LIKE you DEMS. AND OBAMA DID??? HEY FAIR IS FAIR !
Having procedure as a weapon has worked well to keep ACA hanging over our heads. You are an accomplished extortionist. Credit where it's due
Obstructionist fool
Overrule the parliamentarian! #repeal #draintheswamp #MAGA
How can it be implemented without 60 if it can't be repealed without 60. Little fishy to me.

Senator Schumer, @RepMaloney & I are fighting for the #ACA together
U didn't even read the first one.
Thank You Senator Schumer for fighting against trump for all the American ppl!! Trump is only out for himself & profit not America!
Trump profit from this HC bill? Right. Because he needs it. Keep smoking.
Bot
Alert: results from a new poll, 37% of New Yorkers had an unfavorable opinion of Schumer, which is his highest rating of unapproval
Oh Chuckie when will you stop with the FAKE NEWS?
If it is so good why did congress exempt yourselves from it serve the voters what you serve yourselves OC is nightmare
Yes! That's funny. All the deals they made with each other undone.
They are as corrupt as the Democrats
So much for bipartisan support
FYI America is not a Parliamentary Government it is a Democratic Republic. I know Progressives Democrats would love>
a Marxist Parliamentary Government and control ALL AMERICANS. But Like the Failed Obamacare Progressives also have Failed.
 people will die when Obamacare implodes. Millions will walk amongst us with no healthcare. Have you signed up for it?
I guess that make you feel like a big man Chuckie Boy. Anything positive for this country under a Republican president would be bad for dems
Thought you wanted to sit down and work together! Was that BS?
HYPOCRITE
It's terrifying that each of those items are even being considered.
Surprise! chuckie & the whole dog dem pack will continue 2 be the obstructionist party No care 4 what's good 4 the people Only 4 themselves
Repeal @ given date with time to put new plan in place, if no plan @ date, no insurance, that's the way to make dead beats work.
You do anything you can do to HINDER the agenda of American People! Let me tell you, WE LOVE PRESIDENT TRUMP!  Love never dies, my friend.
Today at 3 AM Donald Trump will let us know how the Senate Parliamentarian role should be abolished. Also partisan blah blah.
Why don't you talk about the Dems efforts on #healthcare?  Because there are none....#shutupChuck
Bully for you. One more way to serve you Russain allies.
Once gop has votes! They will go nuclear and pass legislation! Stupid! They only need 2! And guess what elections are coming soon! Fired!!!!
Thank you! Thank you! For that info.
Let's hope they don't find a way around it. Now, when are you all going to do something about the traitors in our administration??
Time to get rid a a hundred Democrats one way or another
For other bad legislation - see your BDS bill
Mitch The Bitch is so desperate that any pressure put on him will cause a chaotic mess.
One can only hope and pray that it will impede The soulless Greed over People party.
More Resist bullshit no matter how you phrase it
Obamacare takes from the middle class, gives to the poor and lines the pockets of politicians.

Absolutely . . . #TrumpDontCare 
Democrats and old hat republicans make term limits a must
Chuck pack your  and go home! You are getting paid for nothing!
But why not let them pass the repeal bill?
Their voters voted for the repeal and they deserve it!
You are so special
We are going to dump Obamacare and replace, should you want a REAL LOT OF ATTENTION in America go ahead and try to strip out.
Dems continue to block any glimmer of hope 4 citizen autonomy concerning r own life and health thanks Schumer
Thanks to you and the rest of dimwitted dems Americans are dying.  Was that your way to solve social security kill us? giving OCARE
And Everytime he talks, it makes everyone dumber.
Our best shot is defeating this bill; otherwise we could be steamrolled
It seems the ACA has built-in anti-sabotage criteria.
What do you think will happen next?
Can they overrule parliamentarian with a simple majority? Will they?
Mitch McConnel can just have Pence sit in the chair, overrule the parliamentarian, then vote to change the rules to make this admissible.
What Democrats have succeeded on is bringing our government on a complete stop against the will of the people.
This makes my night!! Stay LOUD Dems!
VOTE OBSTRUCTIONIST SCHUMER OUT MAKE NEW YORK GREAT AGAIN
And that is your plan right a-hole
So nice to sit down and actually see something positive about the healthcare bill. Been a while since my panic button hasn't been triggered!
It's past time for you all to work together for us Americans!!! Do your jobs!!!
The GOP has to invite & allow Dems into negotiation. Not a case of "all are equally guilty."
Really? The way the Dems invited in and listened to the GOP on the ACA?
So @SenateDems should be in a really strong position to negotiate their fixes, right? Do @SenateDems have a game plan?
Hell no neither side has a plan for healthcare & all the while we twist in the wind. Our Congress is terribly broken. We continue to pay.
Good job chuckles,how's your approval rating?
Because @SenSchumer  is apparently Israeli, not American, democracy means 20 years in prison.
Engel: "People have a right to express their opinions ...but we have a right to fight back." Calls BDS "very dangerous," anti-Semitic
Idont agree with everything Democrat parties believe but voting Republican would be impossible with their idea of healthcare.God damn them.
Go get 'em, Chuck! #TrumpCare
If the GOP is not going to go back to a simple majority and Democrats won't support the bill then we must let Obamacare die a natural death
Nuke em Mitch
Great news! The GOP will never get 60 votes to pass their DeathBill! Rise up, everyone!!
So far they haven't gotten 50.
More difficult but they will get it done. All you can do is slow it down not stop it.
Great! Because we want to keep OCARE, the best health care ever! Wish I could afford it.
It's not dead yet. Keep fighting this wicked bill, Senator. #Resist!

Get what you promised republicans a health care pass. Stop your excuses and close the door in a office stay until it gets done. No vacations
#TermLimits
Yes chuck....get out!
Chinless Mitch first!
Happy Dance!
Chucky...it appears the people of NY are woke up. Guess your "love" for muslims and children is being noticed. Along with you doing nothing.
Of course it will Obstruct Obstruct Obstruct is the @TheDemocrats know how to do while people are dying on #Obamacare
WaHoo!
Pesky laws seem to be in the way of our very corrupt GOP. #Midterms2018 will purge them from office. #TheResistance
Are these the same laws that the corrupt dems ie, HRC, Obama and his entire cabinet used to unmask U.S. citizens?
Harry Reid's Revenge!
How sad is it that our lawmakers don't even know their own Senate rules? Or, even sadder that they think the rules can be ignored.
They just change the rules as they go along like 4 year olds
This is interesting. Thank you, Senator, for sharing.
Thank god! Now they have to be prevented from trying to steal our healthcare with their Budget!
#keepACA keep Medicaid and get back to regular order and look at Dems ideas for improving ACA.   Great ideas there.   Keep ACA.
So you want government control your life?   Lol....clueless...look at Venezuela
LOL 
You mean all those parts (like defunding Planned Parenthood) that require 60 votes?  LOL! LOVE IT!
Like selling baby parts...you sick evil people!
I can provide and decide what's best for me and my family. Get the he'll out of our lives.
That should be the American way because ALL PEOPLE ARE CREATED EQUAL, we deserve the same rights under the law.

Now why do you want to be difficult?

Could volunteers do this?
Possibly great idea.
It's about damn time we got single payer join with the hashtag #ReasonsWeNeedSinglePayer
You want single payer? Go to Venezuela ....see how that works out for you!
CBO: Republican Health Plan Would Not Cover 'Usher Herpes'

https://www.theflakenews.com/single-post/2017/07/20/CBO-Republican-Health-Plan-Would-Not-Cover-Usher-Herpes …
Less politics, more work this is what this country need right now
Repeal and don't replace
I'm tired of winning Donny
