You make no sense Schumer. The last think we need is more terrorists in the US. TERM LIMITS NOW.
We have term limits. It's called the vote.
Chuck, you can stop with the obst. game. We all know you want open boarders cause illegals tend to get on gvmnt asstnc and vote Democrat.
If they voted GOP he would have pushed for the ban years ago. He is as evil as they come.
Why wouldn't it. I'm pretty sure they don't have rifles that can shoot us all the way from Syria.  Get a grip u been in there too long
Chuck is so wise. How could banning those from hostile nations who can't be properly vetted possibly make us safer? Let them all in!
Just wait till it hits the supreme court, you'll be crying again, more fake tears.
Stop the travel from all middle eastern countries . Enough already.
WE need a TOTAL travel ban of any/all Muslims until we know effective ways to protect us against Islamic terrorist!  Plain & simple!
Because you have absolute proof? What is it then? Speak up so we can ALL hear it. Tweet it if you dare. #TravelBan #OutTrumped #MAGA
Loss for dems again Trump vindicated, infrastructure travel is factual not a distraction, anymore ridiculous,obstructionist rhetoric-2018
I'm sick & tired of you & your Liberal cohorts obstructing #POTUS in making our country safer no matter what he does you oppose it. Wake up
The travel ban will not make us safer. We also, already have extreme vetting.
Trump is politicing a tragedy. Shame on him, and all those that keep silent.
We're in this trouble because your party is weak you friggen AH!
But doing absolutely nothing will make us safer? Whose side are you on?
You should go to London so we can be safer! Your anti-Trump rhetoric is destructive.  Support the President and help him help America!
It is my right to critisize any member of the govt. Free speech.
of course it does, are you a twit? How do you even have this job, we tighten up now, before we are attacked again.  AGAIN, 9/11 anyone?
Oh yes it does!
You need to shut up and sit down
How about focusing on attacks in our own country instead? Over 6,500 already dead this year from guns
You failed to mention that a certain 8% of the population is responsible for over 50% of gun crimes.That is where the efforts need to focus.
Supreme Court disagrees with you.
with all due respect you are an #idiotDems
an idiot for sure..but no respect
No travel ban & poor vetting would make us safer...? The only people opposing ban are #IslamicInvasion sympathizers & brainwashed fools.
Wrong
Travel ban and deporting illegals would 
your corruption is surfacing...
Yes it does. He's trying to protect America.  why are you waiting for something to happen here in America?!
Are you that ignorant. When we get hit the blood is on your hands . Very sad chucky
Only a moron would think allowing jihadist into America . Mixed with refugees is a smart thing to do
Well if you did it in January when requested it sure as hell would have given us more protection.
Extreme vetting for Chuck Shumer is asking them for an ID. Less rhetoric, more solutions  Chuck.
Your wrong. It takes up to two years for refuge status because of substantial vetting.
O yes it willU
You are a socialist obstructionist! Get the hell out of the way!
Chuck, your politics are obfuscating your ability to see and think clearly.  A travel ban would ensure that no additional terrorists enter
Do it make us LESS safe????????????????????????????
So, I'm confused!  Did you confirmed over 60% of Trump's cabinet nominees or is it really just 35% of them?   Signed, FORMER upstate NYer
Well, as a current upstate NYer, which we hate being called, keep up the good work Schumer!
How are those high paying (non governmental jobs) doing in Upstate? 
Actually we're doing pretty good.
That's from 2 years ago.  You don't have more recent data showing companies moving there, etc? That's as weak as schumer's Russian evidence
I just picked the first one that came up. https://www.google.com/amp/amp.wkbw.com/2109016895/buffalo-job-growth-hit-a-17-year-high-in-2016.html …
And the other murders? The 5 year old that was raped? #Dems lost because you made cops targets, gave radicals power, targeted Christians
How can it not? Look at situation objectively and it will make sense. Going against it because Trump wants it is so middle school.
Chuck, u should be ashamed of yourself.U are continuing to plant seeds of negativity.I hope u know the Am people can see through your agenda
Anti-Defamation League? And now you are the KING of defamation? Hypocrite?
One way to find out, right?
Chuckles, your support of the Quran does not make us safer, either. You only care about your own pocket book, not human lives.
such a "ban" might have made London safer. We'll never know...
Actually, it will. Get out of the way.
Just like ny safe act doesn't make us safer either.  Chuck. Get of your ass. And do your job
Yea it does
Right, but neither does your tweeting.  You need to lead. LBJ would be brokering with John McCain to come up with an impeachment resolution.
No, Chucky. Thoughts and prayers and teddy bears make all things right!
Doing absolutely nothing but bitch about our President doesn't make America  safer.
Schumer, pls stop being so obstruction , resistance to Pres Trump to MAGA God bless & protect Pres Trump MABUHAY
Like you would know

The Dems have proven over the last 8 years the best way to protect US is stick your head in the sand.. Schumer is dangerous!
Liar and wrong Chucky, but I understand you really want that dreamer voter base, I get it it's just political security right Chucky
Ginsburg recusal
I am waiting for your calls for Ginsburg to recuse herself from the travel ban ruling!
Well it evident you only care about democrats winning, not the American citizens.
Whatdo u want to call ur waterdown version,all I know ifthere is an attack on US soil,the bloodwill be onur hands clown,n the hypocriteDems
YES is does I have family on the "wall" knowing the intelligence minute by minute  and they know you dont!!
Doesn't matter the origin of terrorist the person, radicalization can come frm anywhere. Almost all European attackers traveled back & forth
Terrorists in London may B born in London,but radicalization can B attributed to the six countries in the the travel ban. Go back & forth.
Y are you defending terrorists?  Banned countries have no working gov & no way to vet refugees.  Period!  Do need to a dot?  Tragedies on U
Wrong
Well Mr Schumer ask people in London if they would like to have a Travel Ban they would say YES & Want Many Other Changes
Yep it just makes us look more stupid than when Dumbfuckistan voted for TanTrump
Whys that then no refugees no murderers makes sense to me

Why?  You know best for the safety of Americans.
How much $ will U lose in the ban? Obvious u have dealings overseas making u a millionaire. Hypocrite is the word
I'm amazed how stupid so many in our congress actually are......
You need to condem the Tehran attacks!
Does this sentence even make sense?  Are you capable of original thoughts of your own Cucky?  #termlimits #cuckyschumer #cuckschumer
It helps because it sure can't hurt to try something. Internet needs to stop Isis rants
Please bend over, put your head between your legs, reach down and pull your brain out of your butt.
It could help. You bad mouthing the President doesn't help. Juvenile actually.
All the left has to grab at now is calling things "mean spirited". They sound like 3rd graders. Feeling and emotion are not part of laws
It does make us safer.  We are England 30 years ago.  If they had a travel ban and vetting 30 years ago they wouldn't have the carnage today
Right Chuck - just let them all in - after all - you Dems are the Real terrorists
Bull shit chuck you are so f en out of touch with reality I guess if I where in your shoes surrounded by security all the time
Something is better than NOTHING! He has the right!
Be a different story if illegal alien attacked someone in your immediate family. You need to stop and think how these families feel
You say your for the citizens then act it...stop blocking Trump at everything he does. Or are you afraid of changes?
Like Eric Trump said..Dems would rather see Trump fail than to see America succeed...how true ..how sad..
Thank you for standing up with actual facts!
Your ignorance doesn't make us safer
YOu blocking the Ban has done nothing but put our country and the American people in Danger. Blood will be on your hands again.
Do your job stop obstructing
How does NOT doing it make us safer?You r so worried about going against the President that our Country's safely is at risk!Bunch of Bozos!
When do you go back into the asylum crybaby.
The temporary (90 days) can be part of the solution  The establishment is the problem
Schumer and Dems have never wanted to make us safer! Dems just seek unvetted immigrant voters at the expense of national security.
worried about you BUDDY NSA LEAKER WINNER...YOU KNEW ABOUT HER..  YOU ARE A LOSER THE @POTUS @SpeakerRyan I WILL NEVER VOTE DEM AGAIN
Ok but its a start.Unlike u who does any and everything to do the oposite of the Prez. Even if u said it was a good idea when Barry tried it
He does not know what makes us safe! We ALL know MONEY alone does not! America has a clueless president! Yes GOD please bless her!
You should wake up and see what's going on are here and more coming temporary ban till u fiquare a better screening or we are done
Shut up Schumer you're pathetic so is your party resist resist resist that's all you have to say not one good thing shut up
Neither does your obstructionism! #MAGA #retirechuck #NYdeservesbetter
It would make us safer IF we had one.These countries have no way of vetting. Syrians don't even want to be here. Send help to Syria!
Would be good to listen to PM May who emphatically said that homegrown radicalization is the biggest threat -of course Trump denies!
You think after all the Fake news u spread  you will get Reelected? Think again, voters are smart an don't approve !
Yes it does.  U cant, and won't,  protect us, Until secure vetting close tbe borders.  Anything happens to my family & I hold u responsible
Blah blah blah
Every time we turn around the President makes us less safe.
#fakenews
Looking at responses, people really hate you. Not good for a politician.
It makes no difference to u what the effect, U just oppose, try to destroy. The effect to the country? U don't care u loud mouth NYer
Democrats ok with ban when Obama did it. Only in an effort to obstruct POTUS, you're willing to gamble with the safety of our country.
Chuck Schumer with you and others like you resisting our President is a disgrace. You were elected to do a job now do it
Do you, Maxinne and Nancy live in the same dark bubble?  Just curious
GFY!!
Breaking :Schumer is a light weight and a puppet "Harry Reid"when it comes to foreign policy ! Polls show he is a 3rd tier dem  not a leader
Are you an enabler for potential terrorists entering U.S.  Defend the nation and not foreigners.  Americans first not foreigners.
No it doesn't because liberal judges unconstitutionally blocked the travel ban! Why do you dislike America Senator?! #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
Ur right Clucky, we should bring in more terrorists that u will give free taxpayer shit for votes for the Dems... Ur the Hypocrite
Schumer are still in bed with Obama and protecting the Muslim,it must be the right thing todo yes.I can't believe your allowed tobe congress
Let them live in your neighborhood, chuck schumer
Explain how it doesn't make us safer, you corrupt, career, self serving politician
Chuck: U are well out of your league. Do us all a favor and retire to 1 of your 7 mansions. Let the adults handle this. U are clueless.
That is not your call to make , YOU are NOT the President.  Keep that in mind will you.
Liar
Of course calling for a ban won't make us safer, but HAVING a ban would help a lot and we all know who's not cooperating don't we?
If you'd. Done your job D.C. Would bea lot different.  So eat crow and deal with Pres. Trump.
Why do you fight to bring in potential terrorist? Fine with legal immigration of fully vetted people.
Chuck youre irrelevant and so is the #DNC The sooner @LindseyGrahamSC @SpeakerRyan @TGowdySC @SenateMajLdr  realize Done
......You're only showing the rest of the world that you don't care how many people die here in America or anywhere else
Democrats and Liberals are being obstructionist.....
neither does keeping your head in the sand.  Remember when Russian intelligence warned the U.S.  about the Tsarnaev brothers?
/\
#ChuckSchumer is a total hypocrite, liar & buffoon. He's helping divide & weaken #USA  like #Obama & #Hillary

http://theblacksphere.net/2017/01/scumbag-chuck-schumer-crying/ …
You are lost.
Y
Us? You can take your Ivory Tower and shove it where the sun doesn't shine. Dems ignore real people
Of course not Schumer....much safer to let them in to our country. Why don't we give them a free bomb vest when they arrive. Moron !
You say all the wrong things to win an election when will u get it
Ah, that precious baby needs a hug. Love your pic
What does chuck? Our heads in the sand like you? Sanctuary cities? America is getting sick of risking our safety for the democratic ego!

