Surprisingly you were about to reproduce
ye enjoy your father's day and destroys our father's day with your lies and deceits.
Time for term limits??? Not just for you but many other old timers
Happy Father's Day and Thank you! I love when you and your staff mocked the "I pledge my loyalty to donald" meeting. Hilarious!
Because mocking is the mature way to act?
Congratulations &blessings 2u all. He looks terrific for 94. I've seen many a 64 year olds tht look 94, but few opposite way round like he:)
Don't tell me you cooked those?
Nice! Was not aware that reptiles eat this food. Happy Father's Day!
Chuck ur adorable. Now get back to work humbling the weak and wicked GOP - I am confident u can stop the health care fiasco we have urback
God bless Dad!
Hey Chuckie, where is "Cousin Amy" ??? Maybe she is swallowing Anthony Weiner's hot dog  !!!
God bless you, Senator.
congratulations!
...Happy Fathers Day to you and your dad. Also Happy 94th B-Day to your dad Senator Schumer!!!
Wow!Chuck you actually appear Human with a Heart in theses Pics. Wish you were like this as an American.
bigot Father's Day implied gender
u have to wonder how the father of the 12 year old u let your immigrant friend molest is feeling on Fathers day
Happy Fathers Day Sen Schumer.
Looks like you had a wonderful day, and I'm very glad for you, senator.
Your dad looks like such a nice guy. Can't believe he raised such a shyster of a son like you.
Happy Father's Day, Senator Schumer!  Your dedication to our country is admired and appreciated greatly.
Maybe he can get another 12 yr old girl molested. U picked a great molester to admire
Your father is undoubtedly very proud of your lifetime of accomplishments! Cheers and best wishes to you, sir. Godspeed on the Senate floor.
I know right if my son let an immigrant molest a 12 yr old girl I would be awfully proud of him too
Why don't you enroll your 94 year old father in Obamacare? See if he lives to  95.
Nice Chuck.
Where's all the Comet pizza and rampant satanic ritual abuse?
Looks like the girls have grown up since your days representing Flatbush Midwood.
All good things for you, Senator! Thank you for being a great role model and defender of the Constitution. NY is lucky to have you! 
Horrible, out of touch, Senator
Beautiful family but I think your Dad stole my heart 
HAPPY FATHERS DAY!
Traitor to all decent Americans!
That is awesome Senator! Hope your dad had a super Father's Day, and you too sir!
Happy Father's Day Chuck. I am glad your day was awesome.
Did you disagree with your father and call him names like homophobic? Or do you safe that stuff only for political opponents? Schmuck.
One pic without stupid glasses another pic with. Will you please buy a regular pair of glasses. You have plenty of special interest money
You need to quit with your bribery
Happy Father's Day to you and your pop!
Why don't you try to be nice everyday, you may feel better about yourself! UR  attacks against our President are brutal.just try Chuck!
Happy Father's Day. Wish you were in London spouting out their need for "Truck & Knife Control" !  You're a genius, thanks.
You continue to be "photo op chuck"
Happy Father's Day to you and your dad!
You're a great American leader ... but your knowledge of nutrition is laughable. Nevertheless, happy birthday to your father.
Another pompous vegetarian deriding the diets of real Americans. Sad. 
Why can't these food police let us die in peace with our clogged arteries and diabetes? The USA needs us to keep health care costs high! 
Can't get much better than that, Sen. Schumer.  What a beautiful day!
Happy Fathers Day. Good Pic Chuck.
Your dad looks great! Your daughters are proud to be your daughters!
Happy Father's Day Senator!
Well, your politics suck but you're not all bad.  Don't tell anyone I said that.
another crooked politician all about money forgot about we the people big talkers no action...
Taking your criticizing lead:those foods are harmful to your health. Of course you won't eat them,just dump them on the others.
!!
Fantastic!
The world needs you alive sir! Please don't w all that meat 
Good yob Son.  And Chuck, keep demanding that all senators have a seat at the table when it comes to our nations health policy
shame on you , not for many, DO YOUR JOB''  @EdWeekTeacher @UKTeachPrimary @MADE__USA @RealNewsRevival ,
Pity he didn't teach you honesty and integrity. What an embarrassing reflection you are of him.
Does your family know how mean you really are?
Glad you had a good Father's Day @SenSchumer Thank you for your service. Please fight hard for TrumpCare atrocity not to pass...
Schumer Weasel!
Yes it really was perfect: Hung out with my kids all day, hookin up with an old flame all night. Yanks lost 6th straight Sox moved into 1st.
Where's Amy??
Happy Father's Day to you and your dad !
congrats to you and your dad!
Happy Father's Day!
I`m sorry Chuck.But all I see U r a Liar in collusi.,A HRC lover hand in hand of a corrupt party w/ J. Comey.B/O .L.Lynch&E Holder,.corrupt
Awesome Chuck!!
Dad should go away. He's everything the democrats should not be. Get-Along-Go-Along Chuck Schumer. Another non-leader for the Dems.
Happy belated Father's Day Senator!
God Bless you and your family. Thank you for all your hard work representing us. 
Grandpa from the MUNSTERS? Oh, Schumer.
We'd like all Americans to enjoy these same privileges Mr. Schumer
Oh! Happy Father's Day to Mr. Schumer and to you also Sen.Chuck Schumer. How PERFECT. Thank you for sharing. You made me cry happy tears. ;)
Beautiful blessings on you and yours! 
Ur crooked as a question mark
And you are very uneducated on Chuck Schumer's accomplishments for the Middle Class,poor, Elderly and Veterans. I live in NY and admire him.
GOD Bless him. He must be proud..his son is a piece of shit.
Happy Father's Day to a first class guy!  You are one of my heros!
Just need a Red Sox hat :)
Your pop is cool, your a jack
Chuck, how wonderful!  Congrats to your dad.  And Happy Fathers' Day to you both.

My name is Danney Lee Williams, I am the son of former president @billclinton. Please help me get this message to my father. #BillClintonSon 
Just another hate filled politician and his family.
Nice to see someone calling you a Father as many times daily you're called a Mother.
Unfortunate he had a son so full of hate he cannot see straight, so much hate will kill what is left of your brain.
Happy Birthday Mr. Schumer!!!!
Where's the METS hat Senator!
Glad yo had an awesome day.
Evil
Third time is a charm
Happy Father's Day to our great senator!!
Thank you for you work & devotion !
HAPPY FATHER DAY CHUCK A VERY GOOD MAN KEEP UP GOOD FIGHT FOR ALL OF US I GOT YOUR BACK FROM TEXAS
 that's rich...
Wow! Wish my dad was still around!
Dont forget to spread hate chuck.
Hi Senator, Happy Fathers Day. Thank you for being our beacon in the darkness right now.  You are always calming; a voice of sanity.
Can you NOT look creepy?
Can you not be a creep?
Wow! Happy Fathers day @SenSchumer ! So great to see some real humanity ^_^
You won't see it in Schumers house, only hate.
Be strong and brave for us Chuck. We believe in you in these dark hours.
Schumer crests dark hours.
Happy Fathers Day
The Bolshevik Family!
Bot
Happy Father's Day and Happy Birthday to your dad.
Mr. Schumer, good bless you and family.  You're very fortunate to have your dad in your life.  Happy Father's Day.  Stay strong!
Is that your Anthony Weiner pose? One of those dogs looks pretty suspicious. I'm thinking a good photo shop could possibly go viral.
Happy Father's Day!
Awesome! Congrats to your dad!
Your dad must be so proud of you, Senator.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to your dad!!
Happy Fathers Day, and Happy Birthday  to your father.
Absolutely perfect!  G. B. U
And I bet your dad doesnt have obama care forced on him like my dad does. Just a hunch but I bet you make sure your family gets better care
Happy Father's Day to you and your dad.
Bless him!
Happy Fathers Day to you both.
Senator, God bless your family.
Nice
Happy father's Day Chuck
Please help our president.  America needs unity.
Enjoy your day!  Then, tomorrow, go kick some GOP ass and help defeat #AHCA!
happy father's day ur my dad too bro lol
We appreciate everything you are doing to defend our democracy. Thank you Sir.
Defend?
U heard me. Stop supporting the orange disgrace. He is putting our great Nation in danger
Btw, Persistence isn't generally associated with good things. Make ppl think of viruses and bad odors. Whatever u mean plz Pick another word
You are the worst, craziest Dad in the world. Who the hell let you have kids?
Happy Father's Day Chuck!  Keep at it in DC! Appreciate your hard work in trying to get the @GOP to reveal what is in their #WealthCare bill
Hope you had a good one. You deserve it. You're doing great work for us and we all appreciate it!
So you got to see your dad today. But tell me... Did you get 2 see your daddy? 
#SorosStrong
You melted the cheese too much on those burgers. Just sayin'
ISN'T RETIREMENT GREAT                                         TERM LIMITS 
Happy Father's Day Senator Schumer. Keep fighting to good fight!
Try to calm down all your hate, people are dying because of the hate you are creating.
Chuck, how u been drinking man, this is like the 4th time uve sent this same tweet. No wonder nothing gets done in Washington.
Happy Father's Day!
Happy Father's Day Senator.
Mazel Tov! Looks like you had a lovely celebration. Amazing that your dad is 94!
Awsome, Chuck!
