I love you guys, but literally Republicans don't care what anyone but themselves have to say. Bipartisan? Eff that -- get dirty. Fight.
They are a minority. If they fight, they lose. If they lose, Americans lose.
If they "write letters", they lose, too. Have you not been paying attention? Government is not listening to reason.
People would know they tried to work together for people's hc but Republicans shut that door and made a mess out of it
Lmao, because Democrats all of a sudden decide to maybe try to be bipartisan it's all the Republicans fault. The original bill was passed m
Along party lines, nice try at making this all the Republicans fault
they got a chance to change it but they choose to do it for a crappy one.If they approve it and fails, it's their fault only
Single payer?
N E V E R
Hope you never lose your healthcare coverage!
I won't
Why not? Your job is that secure?
When I decide to quit working, I will have a pension which includes health insurance and life insurance
Oh, "small business owner" how precious.
I do own 2 businesses and have a full time job.  How about you precious?  What kind of benefits do gamers have?
Like you guys wanted to work with them with Obamacare, passed it without reading it? really? People who believe you are morons.
U should all be ready to work in a bipartisan way on repeal and replace. Don't refuse to take part then complain U weren't included by @GOP
https://vimeo.com/216510016  13yr old girl 3x leukemia fighter fearful of healthcare future. Plz share!
If so, then Congress should be willing to have the same healthcare plan as all others.  If not, then we want what you have.
Does that mean all of you are now in favor of Medicare for All? If your answer is no then are not working for the PEOPLE only your $ donors.
dream.......dream on because your all losers n your not what uall appear to be!
dear gop, rollover and play dead. Compromise Mr Schumer COMPROMISE!!!
The letter than preceded to list all the conditions under which they would refuse to cooperate which included any changes to the bill
More lies from Chuckie
Mr Schumer. Let all Dems join the republicans and make healthcare great again for all people.
You should get what we all get. Congress shall make no law that applies  to citizens of USA that does not apply equally to representatives
Do it then and make it a new program that works from the ground up. Not improving Obama care. New from the ground up.
オバマケアですか？
liar
Bullshit you are ready..Resign Meatball
They were all lying
Why?  You weren't interested in bi-partisanship when you rammed the ACA down America's throat in a straight partisan vote.
Now your ready? What the ____ have you been doing for the last 5 years? Obstructionist!
Get rid of what we have and start fresh. PLEASE for us who have had to pay for everyone else. Sick of paying for those who won't!
Government should not be involved in healthcare. Free market. #repeal
It's about time Chuck.  America had had it with the obstruction.  There may be hope for our government and our Country yet.
You should do NOTHING until that stupid lying cheating president is behind bars -- and all the swamp gators who help him cover up the Rubles

need leadership  not dumbbell
So the obstructionists now want to co operate...spare me. Stick to what you're good at, doing nothing except obstruct
Trust me, it will fall on deaf ears! The Dems have been offering to work in a bi-partisan way with Repubs on healthcare long before now.
Poor chucky
How come u didnt want to work with them in 2008 instead used back room deals. No gop will work with u well maybe rhino john mccain
No thanks Chuck!  We've seen your work
As long as it does not follow failing #Obamacare
Would be nice to see Americans working to better Americans and America instead of this party arguing with that party.
Riiiiiiiiight, Now you need help to fix a problem you and your cronies created.
Only with full repeal of obamacrap
BS just like when you created Obamacare?
I can smell the shit out of his mouth fromCali!
You blamed Comey for months. Who u going to blame now for the Dems lose
Really? Work together? I would LOVE to see it. Won't hold my breath.
#joke
I sincerely hope that you arr and do. The American people deserve more than partisan bickering.
Now you're ready? Where was that attitude 8 years ago when the ACA was put in place?
Its called...Single Payer....Universal Health Care for all.....thats how you IMPROVE OUR HEALTH CARE SYSTEM
And who is going to pay for it
Was that all but you and Durbin?
Soooooooooo, why not with obamacare then???  Remember,  it has to be passed before we the people can know whats in it!  Sounds democratic...
Liars!
No need to worry about it.  There's an approved plan already in the Senate, Chuckles.  #BullSchumer #TheGreatDivider
You are "ready"?  Its f*cking about time.  Got to be a catch somewhere.  You have no credibility.
well spank me & call me Sally- you're awfully late to the table Chuckie
No thanks. Gonna be a 51 votes on reconciliation, YOU ARE OBSOLETE!
We want the same health care our Senators have!
Somehow I doubt that.
Your losing party can never be bipartisan.
They won't. Won't include anyone who doesn't look/think like them
WTF are we doing Senator? No people of color; no women of the 12 members. Unrepresentative, unacceptable. Stand up for them/us Chuck

You couldn't have done this 8 years ago??  No, you had to cram it down our throats.
it's about time. Get something done to save all your jobs.
Actions speak louder than words.
You can never trust a democrat, least of all Chuck (full of hate) Schumer.
Democrats cannot be trusted, they are not worth working with, work with them like Schumer works with Trump.
Sure you are
There's never been an open mind with you Democrats
Mr. Schumer. Trump fires Comey?! Please make sure the FBI reviews Trumps tax information! That investigation cannot be halted! #trumptraitor
I'm sure defunding Planned Parenthood is not on the agenda for dems.  No deal!
Finally making good decision.
Only as long as the Healthcare bill is written by Democrats!! Never will I believe you will truly work in a bipartisan manner.
Then work with them on a better repeal bill. Obamacare is dead.
Remember that it's healthcare, not insurance. Everyone gets sick sooner or later. Women are not a pre-existing condition or brood mares.
We want a single-payer HC bill to come up! And what's the crap about 13 white men on the Senate HC committee?? You can't decide HC for us!
As long as it furthers the transition toward shoving us all into single payer.
Why no bipartisan efforts before last January? Don't act like you are doing anyone a favor.
That is how it should have been from beginning. Hope all work honestly to achieve result good for country and not just poor or rich
I'm sure those idiot establishment Repubs will give you exactly what you want...bunch of cucks.
Gee chuck thanks for forcing Obamacare down r throats for the last 8 yrs & now ur willing to offer to help fix the mess u created whatta guy
Bullshit you can work with them as long as you agree to repeal The MuslimCare
Term limits needs to be Part of that bill chuckie
proof is in words. You have had 8 yrs. to do something and you did nothing. Why should we believe you now? Really?
Thanks for showing how leadership should work.
Single payer. We will settle for nothing less than single payer. It's time we catch up with the rest of the world. #resist
It's a shitty health care plan that Obama created
Woo-hoo
Love y'all for this, but you saw the two buffoons from Texas yesterday. Unless you stomp the shit out of them, gooooood luck.
hey Chuckie, was the letter dated 2009, before you shoved ACA down our throats? #toolate #acafailure
I don't trust you.
You should have done that months ago instead of acting like immature kids @TheDemocrats
We need to bring back the "public option" and give insurance companies some competition...
Schumer ur such a clown ur losing in this one wear a red nose ur a clown
Republicans won't work with you. You will have to fight them tooth and nail.
And, the 'Game of Chicken' begins...
they don't care what a Democrat thinks.
Your right we don't give a damn what they think just like they didn't when they were in control
"Bi-partisan" has always meant "your way or the highway," Chuck. Hopefully, Republicans won't be so stupid because WE The People AREN'T!
Where was your cooperation when you rammed a failing Obamacare down our throats?
Why did u not do this when u approved obama care?
As long as Republicans do everything you want, right?
Holy crap, are you willing to post a copy of letter on tweeter, so the world can see? And we expect all 48 to work not sabatoge the process
Amen! Guess we will see
Please create- release a bill to improve ACA. Show Americans Dem have good ideas. Not these horrid Trump/Rep ideas.
How about the VA becoming the vehicle for all government subsidized insurance under age 65? Government controls cost. No profit layers.
Thank you for actually CARING about the American people. This is one reason I am a proud Democrat.
Thank you for making hard working people pay for the ones that want it sit on their ass
You should be telling the public your way to fix ACA. I've never heard a single plan from a Democrat on how to fix the ACA.
Should've "been ready" on day one !!
I encourage the consideration of universal coverage introduced in phases.
so you admit Obamacare is a disaster you've created and own
Universal Healthcare!
If this is true and you truly want to work on a bipartisan bill, I applaud you.  Let's see what happens
Good!
Thank you @SenateDems in finally offering bipartisan help but don't hold your breaths. Your ranks are too diverse!
You are a brilliant man. Be that on health care. We want the best system not an ideological based system. Free enterprise
Nice, what are you going to do when that stubborn mule McConnell wants to only do what he wants?
Give him full credit for the deathcare bill.
Lol
Different subject...why do Dems have to recruit someone from Ohio to run against Paul Ryan?  Surely, a Wisconsin resident makes more sense.
Check @RepJohnConyers HR676 #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer It's all done for you, coverage, funding.etc. 109 Dem cosponsors too. 58% Amer want
Really? How long?
The Trump Burial Plan bill cuts $800B from Medicaid gives 2 wealthy & then throws meatless ($8B) bone 2 elderly, poor & preexisting
"...As long as you do it our way."
And produce another Obamacare debacle? No thank you!
Why didn't you all started in the beginning And do everything the last minute Every last 1of you all need replaced
@McConnell Where are the women?  People of color? @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  @SenatorFischer @SenFischer_GSP @SenStabenow
Why are you doing something now? You had 7 years to improve it. Now it's coming apart. Republicans will fix it. No thanks
No your not, don't lie.
Get off the "our". Congress is exempt from the ACA so their is no "our".
. U said U want 2 tie it up in committee. U don't fool anyone @SenSchumer & @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP won't fall 4 this.
I hope that happens. It didn't with ACA so why would you be open now and bipartisan? Really?
And we all know you are all lying. You have no intention to work in a bipartisan manner. You are all just a sideshow
You may just want to do that Senator since Democratic Obamacare is going to collapse; such hypocrites for bashing the republican bill
But you are far from bipartisan when you were putting together Obamacare. 
Stop to hypocrisy. We are on to you.
Yippee 
But only if you keep the lies Obama told approved and Obamacare is not repealed. So you insurance is $20,000 a year that is ok with Chucky
Hallelujah!  Let's ALL remember that you work For The People so, come up with the best health plan possible (within budget).
Forcing citizens onto Medicaid is NOT something to be proud of. Medicaid is subpar ins. I want REAL choice
Visit Europe or any other place that has universal health insurance. They can go to any doctor. They don't deal with greedy middlemen.
A little late, don't you think?
Yeah sure you are as long as they give you everything you want and get nothing in return. Liar, liar pants on fire.
Thank you and now it is Repub next step 13 white guys making Health reform the good old boy days they remember 2018 out with them
How about single payer Medicare for all?  How about that?
That's the problem. You want to fix healthcare, stay out of it.
That's the biggest lie to date U & ur dog dem racist bigot party only want this Pres to fail U don't have a bipartisan bone in ur body
FINALLY?
Now you're ready? What the fuck have you been doing for the last 20yrs? I want my portion of your salary refunded to me please.
you need to step away from obamacare and start all over together and do something best for ALL americans
Remember the rebel forces in star wars. Get a rebel forces group & then make Rs choose when they proceed w/(with encouragement of people)
about damn time
#TERMLIMITS
I vote yes!
There is no negotiating with Kompromised traitors to this country! #MedicareForAll
@SenateGOP will still say y'all didn't reach out.
It's about damn time!
If @SenMajLeader & @SenateGOP don't take U up on offer then it's on them! No complaining abt no help. OH! U MUST Involve women or FAIL!
Operative word is IMPROVE not REPEAL!!!
Repeal first then replace
McConnell won't work with Dems but offering to work with him is smart.
Take a hike, you passed O crap care without R's and you screwed us.  Bite me
Must get to a menu system so not paying insurance company for services may never use or need.  Will make it more affordable
Let's see. Hard to believe you will put Americans first, then party.
Did they tell you where to go? LOL
