GOP tax plan would provide major gains for richest 1 percent and uneven benefits for the middle class, report says http://wapo.st/2fxUP8U 
That's republicans for you Senator. Keep up the fight for all Americans. @realDonaldTrump
Boy I do wish Democrats would study economics. You didn't care when Obama added trillions to the National Debt.
And how much debt did Dumbo run up with his stupid, useless Iraqi War? I'll tell you, Trillions. But that's ok right? Because it's GOP debt.
The top 1% pay roughly 50% of tax burden, stands to reason they should benefit the same amount on a % basis.
They pay 40% not 50%. They also make more than 99% combined. They are uber minority. Their voice is super majority. Sound fair to you?
https://www.cnbc.com/2015/04/13/top-1-pay-nearly-half-of-federal-income-taxes.html …

https://www.wsj.com/articles/top-20-of-earners-pay-84-of-income-tax-1428674384 …

Obviously data differs a bit f(s). Fair? The govt taking and spending isn't fair.
If the control 90% of $$$, seems fair to me. The gap has increased too much...how's that fair?
what's fair is that the 100% have access to schools and healthcare. Not determine how much people make or take from one and give to out.
I agree, but w/out all paying their share it's not possible. All should benefit equally.
Taxes are not intended to benefit equally, but redistributing income and pay for what the State deems necessary. Two flawed  practices.
Sounds like Lincoln's idea of the govt helping it's ppl is not what u subscribe to. That never works out.
Sick of U attacking people that have worked hard all of their lives to be successful and hopefully be able to leave something for their kids
The plan will help middle class and small business yet you go all in opposing it.

that is all BS, is just more democrat fake news to sound bad for GOP so all think only Dems love you=Bullcrap
Well that should make most in CA and NY not be able to pay for there housing. May triple that income would work better
Their**
More BS..you ppl say the same fkn thing no matter what..you have for decades now..dirty air dirty water top1% blah blah blah
But enlarging CEO pay and Golden Parachutes will help us all! (But don't ask me to explain that Voodoo logic)
@erconger you should know, The 1% are all Obama friends now. If Politicians lips are moving they're lying.
You have no plan. That’s why you come up with the same old song and dance. Tax cuts can only be for the rich blah blah blah. The broken.....
after an 8 year assault on the middle class by Obama, Dems have no right to talk talk.
They pay 80% of taxes seems very fair since they also employ a majority of Americans who pay taxes. Obsequious Putz
Not taking advice from the party that increased our national debt by trillions. 
we MUST tax those making over $250,000 at 50% and those making over $1,000,000 at 90% #Resist
I thought you were starting to wake up but you are still out of touch
Chuck if the Ds were smart, accept the tax cut and get something in return, like agreement on healthcare.
If you would spend as much time working  as I do tweeting Congress might get something done.
Chuck Schumer please keep your mouth shut all of us to New York can't stand you!
LIAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LMAO your using the media outlets like t h post and the times for facts  you are a mess chuck
Omg Chuck, you're such a clown. How long are you going to use this 1% excuse? As long as you've been calling us all racists? Yawn
That's all a lie  and we know it
So I guess you will get a break. Why do we keep any of you in congress, congress needs to be impeached ALL OF YOU.
You need to stop them Chuck!!
Your losing your base of voters. They dont want to pay sny more in taxes. How much should govt cost? Enough tax. Less fuel tax too. Less tax
To the subway system with now 17000 violations. To bashing trump and republicans. Id like to see you work and fix things. Not be a cry baby
Claim to redistribute the money to. DONT F THIS TAX BREAK OR TAX CUT UP. U SEEM TO F EVERYTHING UP. FROM RUSSIAN COLLUSION TO BACKING CLINTN
Schmukie you never read the bill. How do you know? The 1% can get a tax BREAK because THEY PAY 100%MORE TAXES THAN THE POOR, THE PEOPLE U
It also help correct the unfair treatment the "rich" get, such as the alternative tax and death tax and losing their legitimate deductions.
Top 1% has the ability to move this country forward.  The people you want to "help" will squander it on beer and drugs.
And your alternate solution is...?   That's what I thought!
Starting to feel like the only job the Dems have is to spread propaganda. What are you for Chuck, we already know what your against? RESIST
Alert :Schumer Ignorance is his dementia staate. Wouldn't you think a Senator would know he is a total loser and quit to do the most good ?
Messaging from WaPo and Senator Schumer sure to give you ALL the facts 
It's not 80% stop lying and provide proof and by the way who pays 50% of US tax revenue?
The top 1% pay 40%. They also earn more than the bottom 99% combined. I'm trying to figure out why you're fighting for them? Makes no sense.
 Dems make me ill!
Really? Rolling on the floor laughing!
Them dems want 100 ercent
You mean your lobbyists and you? You should love it then! You really mean its going to cost you!
Chuck... You are a liar. Show some respect for truth!
Sen Schummy, when are you going to make "The Schummy Almanac, Encyclopedia & Schummy Made up Facts" available 2 the All Knowing WP PINOCCHIO
Yeah like I believe you! ROFL
Don't know if this is true, but you and the Wash Post are not credible sources of information.
The top 1% pays over 90% of all taxes.  Over 58% pay 0 taxes.   Does anyone see how this works?  You can't give tax breaks to non-payers.
Good cause they are paying 70% of all income taxes.  The rich should not be vilified. Stop with the ancient Dem politics
Can u provide proof to said claim? 
They pay 40% & earn 21%. Those are facts I provided. I won't wait.
Political bullshit at it's finest. We know you know who pays the most taxes! It is difficult to reduce some's taxes if they don't pay any.
That’s b/c they pay 80% of the taxes.
Schumer is willing to screw everyone to hurt a few, what a hate filled Ahole.
95% of Americans would get more money on their paycheck, jobs would create, economy grow, Schemer lies.
This is simply not true. Sorry you've been receiving and believing disinformation.
Schumer is a lying sack of sh..t, he is just so full of hate Americans would be better off if he died of cancer.
This tax plan will help everybody, but to screw Trump this hatefull azz will hurt everyone he can.
Schumer, did someone tell u, you would DIE if you tell the truth? Because all u do is LIE! #hatemonger
Record that is the Democrat communist machine. Your party is the antithesis of all the United States  stands for. #RESISTDEMOCRATEVIL
Just an observation; u do not emulate the embodiment of Christian values. Maybe fix ur bio to reflect that. "Do as I say, not as I do"
So what’s your plan Democrat? More socialism to control the American people? More government intervention? All you do is point fingers......
This is so wrong. The tax cut should be given to the low/mid classes so money can be pumped into the economic cycle which create more jobs.
Sad lame argument. You want to do something good? Introduce term limits.
Only with your pencil.  You just jealous its not you.  Same amount across the board for everyone.
This Tax Reform will help millions improve their lives, especially the least fortunate.  Treats taxpayers fairly and increases child tax cr.
And explode the debt. Republicans claim to be fiscally conservative. Problem is, they’re not when in control of the $, and fuzzy math too.
Wow! Did you ever study economics? I did!
This is another false narrative.  They pick things over, make untrue statements & hope the headline sticks in somebody's empty head!  Liars
Tax Reform provides 100% relief to 50% of taxpayers.  Median income is 50K, half the country earns 50K or less.  Savings, 12K -24K is huge!
Blah blah blah...so sick of your bs
As you know already tRUMP the KGB funded confederate came to enrich himself on American tx payers
Do something #PuertoRicoReliefNOW
And as usual the lowest earners will pay 5% more. Please explain that.
Top 1% pay 70% of taxes. 45% pay ZERO. How do you cut Zero?
Reagan said it best..  The scariest thing you can hear from Government is... We're from the government and we're here to help..
You've been talking about helping the " middle class "  when Obama was in the Oval Office,  all with Obama's  help you people made it worse.
Stop your old and tired fear mongering talking points. This cuts taxes for 80% of people who actually work and pay taxes.
So why can't you ever give examples?? Hmm
Same as it ever was. Fix it. Why we elected you. Moore?  Really?
That's great news.  Thanks Schucks Tumor.  The top 10% pay 80% so what's your point.
I'm shocked; shocked, I tell you.

Chuck. This country was built on capitalism. China, a communist country is where they are BECAUSE the embraced CAPITALISM and as a result we feed them billions of dollars.
no tax cuts for rich
U always quote FAKE NEWS!
Hey Chuck, who creates the majority of jobs in this country? I tell you who, the top 1%.
BS
It would help if you actually Read the plan. More so even understood it
BS
Stop all the lies chuck every time  the GOP is in charge there going to push old people off a cliff and give all the money to the rich
One of the lead Ca idiots.
Hey, Gary Cohen just told me I was getting enough money to renovate my kitchen and buy a new car!
Of course they do.  Why would any working class person EVER vote Republican?  Talk about cutting off your nose to spite your face!
I dont understand it either
I think they might think that rich will rub off onto them?!   Instead the corrupt GOP siphons from the hardworking middle class.
Is so they're delusional
Listen up folks! The damn deplorables are trying to steal more money. 
Omg!
Typical Egocentric Trump
I feel sad. No Democrat seems to study economics
Bullshit.  Ppl making 25k pay nothing
No big surprise here... just outrageous.
Lies, u said that three days in a row.  Lies.
Trickle down baby
Aren’t they the people who pay most of the taxes. Why don’t you do your job and attempt to eliminate waste, fraud and abuse!
Chuck stay focused on healthcare. It's important. But Dems are on the wrong side of the TAX issue.
Explain what part of the tax plan would do that.
More fake news
@KellyannePolls See, tax reform only good for top 1%. Everyone else is out or has to pay more. @foxandfriends
and what would poor do on their tax savings - waste it on materialistic things. It will benefit China only. Plz get some sense
Your state is one of the highest State Tax brackets. Feds cut tax, pressures States to lower theirs. That's your game.
What about this democrat in Niagara Falls NY who wants to raise taxes?
don't fret yourself there crying chuck .the keystone kops will never pull it off.
You mean the same 1% who already pay 40% of all the taxes, or the top 10% who pay 70%, while 50% of everyone else pay zero or less.
Well was knows the talking points well right
Wink wink
STOP LYING 2 THE AMERICAN PEOPLE CHUCKYOU BEEN A SENATOR FOR 19 YEARS &HAVE FAILED 2FIX ANYTHING!OPPRESING THE MIDDLE-CLASS IS YOUR GOAL!
u mean the  1 % that creates jobs & pays 39.5% of all taxes Top 10% who create jobs pay 70% of all taxes. While 35% pay no tax% at all.
#lyingchuckschumer
#TaxReform The middle class was slaughtered for the past 8 years by Chuckie, Pelosi & Non-president Zero
Under Dem #TaxReform plan 100% of tax-paying citizens would pay more to support Chuckie's & @NancyPelosi 's government slave plantation.
Stop lying, Chuckie.
Yeah, you keep saying that. The question is, does it start to lower the national debt?
Chuck what’s Dems plan
Yep. Here's a handy guide. #PayTheirFairShare
#youdontmatter
Of course it will Chuck! 
Clown liar
you actually believe the washington post?    You nuts?
Of course. Since when do the rich care about the others?
Let's all believe MSM and Crying Chuck .
They pay the majority of my way....  we should give them a break and a thank you card!
I have a grand idea, lets pass it to see what effects it will actually have, then tweek later. This thought process is right up the Dems alley. Go for it.
Just checking chuckles, who produces the jobs again? So let's bring in millions of illegals and then put them on welfare because no jobs.
All the states will flourish the 3 top taxed states will be buried because if your liberal giveaways. You should be fired!  way to go 
You haven’t even read it and if you did, you’d lie about it, wouldn’t you, Chuck?
Check out how the other 47 states will Benifit. You and Nancy have screwed the pooch for so long you can be nothing but negative.
No your state NY won't Benifit because you've givin so much away to people who don't deserve it! Fraud/corruption you screwed NY! Way to go
When we lower the gas prices haha, do we charge people with expensive cars more for gas.  One for ALL
Come on Chuck, we got screwed on medical reform, lower taxes will help us pay those $10000 deductibles
The rich get richer and everyone else will pay for it.

#Resist
Bs. If you believe the Dems it is sad. Obama added trillions to the debt. More bs from Democratic Party
Lies is what the Dems do to push your agenda.  Lies lies lies lies lies lies lies lies lies
You lie.
They pay 40% of the load. But then you already knew that!
Do you think we are stupid
Another @SenSchumer lie of obstruction. He is useless. Vote him out.
That's because the top 1% pay 90% of the taxes lol
get potus taxessssssssssssssssss
Who pay most of the taxes you moron
You had 8 yrs to give us tax reform....we got nothing....stop obstructing....you put party ahead of country..
Liar
If you want to compare use $s the 1% pay in taxes compared  $s they may safe.  Saying they get 80 % is very misleading and fake news at best
Of course liberal voters would not see that way. Hypocrites all.
You must be a mathematical genius
Senator Schumer remember trickle down economics is a hoax!
Ushould be all in favor that Chuck.The wealthy 1% are now liberal Democrats CEOs or owners of Facebook Twitter DisneyAlso donate to your PAC
Dont you ppl ever get tired of saying the same BS.no matter what anyone does on the other side its always the same BS.decades of the same BS
MORE BS CHUCK!!!
i do NOT-NOT beleive you
You are so full of crap with your scare data. We need term limits!
US corporations pay 35% tax and Ireland pays 12% democrats want your jobs and companies to go to Ireland to control you
Democrats hate small business and corporations the job creators they want ppl poor for dependence
Sorry but the Dems already did that...obummer...divider in chief...liar....
And what are you going to do about it?
Watch out when Chucky gets involved!

He caused IndyMac Bank failure & set off panic causing 2008 economic collapse!
This is easy. Publicly propose 100% of a tax cut to the middle/lower class earners. Nothing for the top % right now. Help people who need it
Well should it go to the bottom 50% that don't even pay income taxes. You Dems are such lying tools.
Do you really believe the Washington Post as a reliable source for anything . It does support you false narratives to promote class warfare
You guys are going to say that no matter what happens. When has a Democrat EVER,EVER said that they would cut my totally unfair taxes? NEVER
#GOPtaxscheme - like #Trumpcare was inverse robinhood for healthcare, #trumpcon is inverse robin hood for taxes: take from poor, give 2 rich
Meanwhile, how do u explain the 1% growing wealth exponentially over the last 8 years??
Unreal gift to the rich incredible
It's for ME! The guy working 2 full jobs. One I own myself and in a 46% tax rate. Both jobs barely get me to 90k. One job ain't enough now.
How is it that you know everything about GOP bills, yet on ACA no one knew anything! Had to pass it to find out what was in it? Why is that?
Bullshit
Boy does Chuck get a lot of flack for speaking the truth...thank you for telling us what is really happening instead of the lying admin!!!
Which would favor  how many of our politicians?
Why would anyone listen to you after 8 years of the disaster known as Obama? If the Dems economic plans worked - why are there still poor?
Considering the top 1% pays 70% of the taxes that would make sense? Why should we care if anyone can keep more of their own money?
That's not accurate. The top 1% pay 40% of all income tax & earn 21% of all income. Where did u get your information from?
Under the new rules, the rich no longer have to "earn" it. They can just steal it from the American people with Trump help of course. $$$$$$
Basic economics means more and better jobs since they are the one providing the resources to enable growth, middle class always gets shafted
Just like you I bet you don't pay a tax on Obama care do you? Big disconnect, enabling two tier class of elite and surfs, #ArticleV
@washingtonpost such a lie
I'm so tired of winning.
I just wrote you an email about this Sen. Schumer.  This is theft from the middle class.  It will crush honest income earning folk.

I swear u and Pelosi would sell your soul to the DEVIL
And your big scoop comes from a purveyor of fake news, the WP?  Fake fake fake!  Maybe that's all you got, Chuckles.
So what?! Who cares
Well if it comes from the Washington Post it must be true! 

Why are you so worry about what everybody else is getting everyone should get a cut everyone's well up there buying power economics 101
We will do this without you and your ridiculous party you will pay the price Chuckie comes 2018 people will not forget
@washingtonpost Schumer...you just make crap up. Rates are not relevant. It's deductions and loopholes people like YOU take.
Your nose is growing Chuckie
