

Now if only the Republicans would act on those platitudes.
Hallelujah
Republicans freed the slaves , , , Left want to control U & the world!
Then there are still true Conservatives left in Congress
Thank you for listening and coming together.  That is what I want from my representatives.
You did not care about oversight from 1/20/09 til 1/19 17, but know it is important. You are a joke.
@ChuckGrassley if he does one thing for the good of Iowa and our country I am shocked. He's a noose around Iowas neck.
Zero confidence in Special council Mueller. Liberal elites will be savagely beaten in 2018. Get of of Trump's ass or pay the price!!!!!!!!!!
BS, you were not saying that for the 8 yrs of Obama presidency!
Oh Chuck really? Grassley is a total partisan hack.
kudos

America is counting on ALL of you Chuck.

Your side kills people
BS
If they were so important how come there was no oversight of Obama
Sure, but Sen.Grassley failed the Constitution with-holding the hearing for Supreme Court justice.  It doesn't equal out.
Finally paying attention??? Good for you!!!
Blah blah blah
When Trump completes his agenda, all of America will find out that the democrats have been blowing up there ass for the last 50 years.
Senator Grassley have the courage and knowledge of the details of AHCA to vote NO. The results of this bill will be horrific. P SpartiMD
Maybe you should follow his lead Chuck! Work for all Americans, not just yourself!
Many of ya'll, should take a  hint and start acting like Congressmen and women and not children. I sure hope this is going to be a change
Surely he can't support Trump much longer...or AHCA
We should encourage @GOP whenever they do things which are not treasonous.
It is about time.
The Almighty will be the final judge on these testimony. Sen.Grassley has some heavy lifting 2 do before then. McTurtle, well, it's too bad.
Gratitude for integrity with public trust in our elected officials.
please let us k ow when a few Republicans get concerned about Trump.
All talk, no action. He owns Gorsuch, he owns Sessions. He is complicit.
Nicely done. Well said. Accountability! Always necessary for all.
#Oversight ?
#HowDidOversightMiss #Overspending in #ExcessOf19Trillion ?
#Lettuce #TeachCongress to #BudgetOnlyIncome & #PayoffItsDebt
Do oversight duties include yr trademark personal demonization attacks & "gotcha" ambushes. Like Gonzalez a decade ago? Yr untrustworthy!!
Pi shaw
Oversight duties??? That's all u worthless ppl in Congress hav done. Time to try doin othr duties that actually help we the ppl. Not this bs
Well done to you @ChuckGrassley
Never thought I'd fav a tweet from Chuck but well, maybe the tides are changing. Can only hope the divisive rhetoric from all sides stops.
Cheesey Chuck has no "tears" for his injured peers.
PPL applauuding Grassley- thanking you for speaking out & making sure the process for this vote is equal. Others shld follow lead to b FAIR
It's about time Chuck wake up and do your job.
Oh yay! He's a good guy- country over party
This should not even be a discussion!  It's outrageous that any Executive dismisses Oversight from Legislative branch. DO THE JOB CORRECTLY
Who woke you up?
So, Trump nominees being held up due to lack of paperwork from his other appointees? Perfect.  Do not let this Trump crook do anything else.
so we can expect to see Loretta lynch SUSAN Rice soon. Maybe check Comey's alternative facts under oath as well
You need to live by those words. Not sure that will happen based on precedent
Tax & Spend Libtard
Wow Trumptard. Such a well informed response. Trump campaign under investigation of collusion. Not trump. Until he fire Comey of course
The last repub institutionalist.
I applaud republicans in the hill seeing sense, but let's see if they have a backbone to do their jobs.
LOL.  I love your account.
What does this have to do with withholding unanimous consent and why haven't you done it yet you sellout
This is important. We can't just complain when they don't step up—we have to recognize when they actually do.
Hms.  Almost as if the pervading winds have all of a sudden switched.  Did Mueller's meeting yesterday have anything to do with it?
You're not getting communism. Take a deep breath.
