what they SHOULD have done was pushed to stop Obamacare! Only for the POOR and F'd EVERY OTHER AMERICAN!
Show us the bill?? Bwahaha! Like U  showed us the bill? Don't U guys ever look back @ history? I can't believe u don't pay us for ur job
Yourke upa party has become sleazier every year. Blame the Russians for stupidity. Whats next. No there there? No problem . New lies Chucky
thank you for standing strong against Trumpcare and please keep holding the line.
You and Bama lied to everyone. Whats new? Find a real job peddling influence like a real washed up Democrat. Take the 5th like Weiner.
Where are the democrats ideas? The party of obstruction.
When Trump says it's mean, it must be really bad.
I doubt anybody's going to watch that after you got all those people shot
Thank you. Please get as loud as you can on #Trumpcare. A lot of sunlight needed on this rotten plan.
"WE HAVE TO PASS THE BILL TO SEE WHAT'S IN IT" !!  REMEMBER?!?  Dumbocrat!
Your so fulkl of BullS#!t, Dems and repugs are the same, you did this first, maybe you need to have your memory checked DS
Sir, the negative rhetoric that U have been using since Mrs. Clinton lost the election has divided our country even further, please Stop
START LOOKING FOR A NEW JOB SOON MAKE NEW YORK GREAT AGAIN VOTE SCHUMER OUT SAVE NEW YORK VOTE SNAKE OIL SALESMAN SCHUMER OUT
Please speak out about TrumpCare every day. Especially to reach people with employer-based insurance who don't know they'll be affected.
Democrats to stop Healthcare Democrats to stop anything that comes out of this Administration. Democrats motto resist
Dems need to work on the divide and help heal this nation. Be a leader Schumer.
And so you destroy & control  our health care ,you don't care,the party of the people more like the Jackass Demacrap party
Stop Obamacare
please resign now
DIDNT SEE YA STOPP'N NO BALLS OBAMACARE WHILE IT BROKE OUR BACKS AND BANK ACCOUNTS!
Watch the Democrats stop Trumpcare? Sounds like you'll be doing nothing, again. #Obstructionists in a dying party. Good luck w/that. #MAGA
To borrow one of your quotes "for the good of the country" Dems should perform final act and lower the tent on the circus...
Still haven't seen a better solution offered by u to fix the dam mess of ACA.
So u want Obamacare to fail   Wtf is wrong with u !
No thanks if I want to watch a good fiction I will watch the SyFi channel...
Let me guess..you can keep your own Dr.??? Trump's can't be no more worse than Obama?
Nothing but obstruction but not for Trump. Your obstructing the ppl
Like President Trump said if he get's the best health care bill out there the dem's will not vote for it #obstructionists
Blah blah blah
Sorry Senator u and Pelosi told us that we have to pass the bill to find out what in it. You're the minority SIT DOWN

no words can describe you career
Let #Obamacare implode////////////////#Joker!
Stop being a obstructionist. We are getting tired of the constant Trump bashing
We Americans would rather eat broken glass than listen to your filthy lies! #DrainTheSwamp
Oh great! More tears and BS
Fine.. let Obamacare collapse like the crap it is. U only obstruct so failure will be on you and ur fellow a_hole traitorous Dems
Why? so I can vomit on a computer screen? Listen you a bloviating line of utter tripe? No thanks. I'm not listening to Snake-oil
Lol #cuck
The should have a Republican push to STOP  Democrats forever.
Sorry sir we are now tuning you out!
Yeah tune in to watch senator Schumer complain some more instead of doing anything to improve things here in America!
You could careless about Americans healthcare, if you did you would of never went behind closed doors and passed that crappy HC
Reports ask questions all the time.  If for a few seconds they are not permitted to inquire, no different than Dems and Obama games.
What do you mean show us the bill?? They haven't shown the Dems?
Stop OBAMACARE, NOW!!!!  Anything is better than anything Dems can give, which is nothing.  Be a part of the solution or resign.
Hi bafoon!!!
Screw the Dem... Repeal and Replace that sick ass shit Obamacare!
Yeah I'm sure u will get all of the deep state tuning in 4 ur racist bigot lies against this President But the real America is awakened
Stop wasting our bandwidth #fakeCrybabySchumer #ReplaceSchumer2018
Just like Pelosi & Reid shared.  You must pass bill to see what is in it.   How does it feel?
They just keep pretending to forget about that! Hypocrites!
Wouldn't waste my time
Push 2 stop what Senator? Democrats extermination of the middle class? Can't keep losing 1/3-2/3s of my paycheck 2 city state & fed freeB's
It's a start. Will you do the same in the chamber? On the floor? What about tomorrow? And the next day? Push your colleagues? #ResistGOPCare
Has this started yet?  It's 2:27pm EST
Really.  The Senate Republican is acting crazy. What they are doing has never been done B4.
How coincidental that you've chosen to speak the same time AG Sessions is scheduled to testify to the Senate Intel Committee!!!
Aren't you interested to hear what he has to say?  I see....you're trying to detract...you're that worried, aren't you. OBSTRUCTIONIST!
Climate concerns,,stop blowing hot air and the climate will be better
Maybe try reading it! Or do you want it to be like Obamacare you have to pass it to see whats in it?
All from mr. Soros
starting soon?? #WithholdConsent #MockPublicHearing #SaveACA
You have to vote for it to know what's in it... Huh Chuckie
Good for the goose is good for the gander huh Chuckie boy
That's the stupidest thing you could ever do. Shows how the Dems are in turmoil.
Do you want to keep ObamaCare. ok. Noted.
Why don't you do something constructive? Like work for the American people instead of obstruction? DemocRATS are are showing true colors.
F^#k you Chuck
Just stay out of the hallways with your cameras!
This is what we do now? FB live? And the American people r paying for this?
Is this a real human? How ignorant
Tune in to watch you lie your ass off

no thank you
How about you start doing your job and fight for the American people vs your ridiculous resistance. How exactly will it help u?
Bravo!! The country is counting on your tenacity and ingenuity to stop this killer legislation.
@alfranken @amyklobuchar are you joining him?
#showusyourweiner
Pls don't pass this disaster healthcare!!
Good luck murderer #sethrich
It was ok for #44 to push his health care tax without being able to look at it but not for PRESIDENT TRUMP? Lil Chuckie Hypocrite
If you'd embrace single payer you'd find that it's really easy to oppose Trumpcare. You can't just oppose it without a replacement solution
chucks, a P O S
So tiring… Chuck is such a whiner… chuck, do something constructive for the USA. Lead the change!!!
When are you gong to discuss what YOU are going to do to help fix Obamacare issues. You are losing insurers at a dangerous rate. Costs up
you are a joke, chuck
