Why would we want a travel ban on countries where no terrorist has originated from? He dances with Saudis who did 9/11 and fund ISIs
I believe those responsible for 9.11 lived in Saudis Arabia but Libya natives. I'm not denying possibility Saudis Arabia involved.
15 of 19 were Saudi Arabian plus bin Laden a Saudi
Careful, facts scare Trumpers....
That's simply not true. Iran has been identified as the leading state of terror. Guess we can't work with Austria because Hitler?
My point was that the 9/11 terrorists were mostly Saudi. I trust them just as much  as I would trust Iran. I wouldn't sell them weapons
Issue is Iran is now leading the world in terror and they are a nuclear power who should protect the region? Better they protect themselves.
Someone other than Saudi Arabia- how about Israel? They are our pals and also have nuclear weapons
We want the travel ban and extreme vetting.
How does that work for home grown terrorists?
It doesn't work at all for those. But clueless people like trump and dani don't get that basic fact
Clueless and out of touch, no concept of reality nor FACTS.
Recent US terror attack FACTS:
Abdul Artan, Somalia. Ahmed Rahami, Afghanistan. Dahir Adan, Somalia. Tafsheen Malik, Pakistan. Muhammad Abdulazeez, Kuwait. https://twitter.com/AtriedesPaulus/status/871459418692386816 …
Those guys on my list are not from here.
Wouldn't you obstruct him anyway?
Obstruction is Trump and GOPs thing.
Wow wrong answer. Too bad libs can't get.over losing the election and get our country moving again. That's ok 2018 is comming fast
Wrong answer? Were you not around the last 8 years and the GOP "party of No" who cant even pass a bill? They ran on obstruction.
Sorry but you're wrong oops sorry Obama took over everything  and never even included Rs
"Took over everything," what does that even mean with 2 other branches of government. Keep in mind EVERYTHING must start at the House or
be an Executive order based on existing laws and permissions given to the executive branch.
Yea executive orders. Illegal ones bc Ol Barry couldn't get them passed by his own ppl

We need all the funding possible.  Our President should stop tweeting and be a President if he know how.
HAHAHA, keep that, sure, but don't protect our Country while we are at it. I know you have issues but dude but come on work with me here
Shouldn't need more money if you keep the murdering refugees out of USA.
Okay. You *know* he wants an attack here. He's pissed that it hasn't happened. He's waiting for it to happen to say "I told you so".
Oh there has been attacks...not what he wants.
Wrong color, he is trying to ignore all of these white home grown terrorist. He needs brow brown ones dammit!
Such a typical racist liberal thing to tweet.
We are not part of Europe.
Where were you on San Bernardino
You are the reason Dems are on notice that their days are numbered.
(212) 486-4430
#DrainTheSwamp 
#MAGA 
But, he ain't your president!  Why call on him, or the police? Oh, yeah, because we sweep up y'alls messes!
Isn't it funny how the guy who's SO obsessed with ISIS terrorists cuts funding for Homeland Security, and neglects to fill its posts???
Trump is praying for a terror attack here.
One might say "pushing" for it...
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump should STAY with his plan Chuck!! He won to make sure our $$ protects US in the U.S.
When will liberals get real and admit Islam is the problem. They hate chuck schumer as much as everyone else. Kissing their asses won't help
@SenSchumer, will your protege Anthony Weiner testify against Huma and Hillary for a reduced sentence? #ChuckSchumer #AnthonyWeiner
Testify about what?! Do you still not get the fact that Hillary has been cleared of any crimes?! She did nothing criminal. Period.
Murder, bribery, destruction of evidence, corruption etc etc #HillaryClinton #SethRich #ClintonFoundation
Haha yeah, in an alternative reality perhaps. 
Hillary has been more investigated than anyone, she did nothing criminal. Quit stupid lies.
It's no use to reason with tin hat Trumpers. They think unicorns exist & the  earth is flat.
She is either, world's criminal mastermind and keeping people paid off forever to be quiet or she's innocent.

Which do you think it is ?
But you won't support ban on terrorist countries. Hypocrite
What? Terror happens, so you want anti-terror funds cut? WTF are you smoking, Chuckles? Get the hell OUT of our country! @realDonaldTrump
Abandoning cuts in anti-terrorism funding beats the hell out of a mythological wall and a travel ban!!!!!
@TBFawn I hear dt wants to sell America piece by piece to other countries and we will HAVE TO pay to use roads parks airlines?
@SenSchumer you are a #Fakerepresenative #fakeAmerican you do not represent people you represent criminals no money 4 sanctuary cities
...thank you! Schumer is a feckless leader. I hope the people of his district get real and give home the boot!
Not gonna happen. Mr. Schumer is a man of integrity; that's why you traitors don't like him. Shoo cockroaches. You aren't welcome here.

Stop the immigration!
If funds were cut to the NYPD, it's probably because you refuse to cooperate with immigration?  Terrorism & immigration, see a connection?
Thank you, Senator Schumer, for speaking truth to power. The President is speaking out of both sides of his mouth.  Enough is enough!
No. Tell your lib buddies to pass ban
Courts decide. And ban is unconstitutional. Last US terror attack carried out by white neo-nazi. C'mon now duuude.
No it's not. If the president feels that a ban of a certain group of people is necessary for safety, it is constitutional
Senator, Trump has no clue what is in #trumpbudget  Surely u must know this.
Enough Pharisse Schumer, ur lib agenda will purposely destroy our Constitutional Republic, ur motive Trump agenda destroys ur Gravy Train
If you don't tighten up the borders anti-terrorism funding is irrelevant.
Our borders are fine. Most illegal aliens are because of overstayed visas. Building a fence or preventing travel from countries doesn't help
It also ignores other forms of travel.
It's as though trump was unaware the US is accessible by boat on all four sides.
Instead of working against our president and being the obstructionist that you and your party are, help the citizens of the US.
Do you ever go back and count the number of your tweets that bitch about Trump compared to the number where you work for your constituents?
What do you care? Surrounded by armed guards, live in a gated community. You don't give a damn as long as you can bitch about Trump.

Anti terrorism is an unaccountable business/philosophy.   Start teaching morals, respect and a belief in God in schools
Someone needs to look at the wasteful spending on funds ID'd as anti terrorism and anything but..Work with Repub and POTUS to insure safety
Screw that.  Close and protect OUR borders FIRST.  We can't help others if we fall.
Try to get him off the golf course first.  He is giving the game a bad image!  Do with #POTUSTrump
Democrats are making America very unsafe! Your the crazy noted leader of the bunch.
Approve the Travel BAN first...
& then we'll "talk"...
It would be less expensive to ban terrorist from entering our country.  Liston to President Trump, you might learn something.
Can Congress please propose a law to prevent the president from using Twitter while in office?
You're the ones who only gave Trump half of what he wanted for military budget.
Just as soon as you support him on the travel ban
We know he won't. He's stuck on stupid and won't let go
Were going to cut money for fighting terrorism, but were going to build a wall across the Mexican border.
TRAVEL BAN.
Why don't you stand behind him on the travel ban and extreme vetting instead of throwing taxpayer money at it
Oh no, be careful! little britain doesn't want anyone thinking it's part of Europe. god forbid. You mean "what's been happening in England".
Wait, he's CUTTING anti-terrorism funding?
Chucky the gets snarky
The united states had no president. And I'm beginning to wonder if the demacrats are just as culpable in killing demacracy. #shameonyou
Oh you mean for sanctuary cities? LOL
Replacing anti-terrorism funding with a travel ban makes no sense & won't work. Who came up with that idea?
What terrorist? Isn't it workplace violence, lone wolf attack, white supremacy, homophobia? That's what you've been trying to sell us.
So fake @POTUS talks crap about others and says we need to ban certain people from the US, and then he cuts anti-terrorism spending?! #MAGA?
given the circumstance, Chucky, build the wall.
but won't that go against the puppet master's plan for the US?
He proposed cuts?!?! yet wants a #TravelBan, and gives Saidis &110B in arms deal.
Trump is cutting funding to fight terrorism? This is not what he tweets us @realDonaldTrump is not telling the truth to us about his plan
Trump and GOP proposing that terrorists should privatize.
And impose the travel ban?
If he's so worried about terrorism why would this be an item he'd cut? Guess it proves he just wants the ban..
Are we in a parallel universe that Schumer even has to do this!!
Many of the home grown terrorists are the offspring of refugees
Maybe you should reconsider your opposition to the travel restrictions!!!
Trump is a fighter, not a lover.
Ewwwwww. Perish the mere thought. You had me at "fighter".
Blegh. Icky image.
Hehehehe. Thank you. 
Hey chuckie he asked for increase in military spending not a cut start doing your damn job
Oh but that would mean less money for his tax reform which is intended to further pad billionaires pockets. He's siphoning $$ for tax reform
You lie
Good luck with that.
How does he has the balls to attack the mayor of London while He is cutting funds? Khan is trying to get MORE funds in London w/ @UKLabour
But let's still bring in "refugees" and let not ban travel from failed states
Looks like our best plan would be rapid response planning, skills & civilian leadership & training. 8 minutes & resistance impressive sir.
DT's words are hollow when it comes to making America safe again.
You r trying to out tweet the president lol. You are also slowing down the good of the county that our POTUS is trying to do for the people
Well played, Senator. 
Begs his supporters to ask "what cuts?"
It's an outstanding tactic.
Expose their intent, and make them defend.
Please accelerate the impeachment as much as possible before he kills us all.
@realDonaldTrump commits to tackle terrorism while cutting funding to do so. He's irrational! Article 25.
What?
And let's see.... But Democrats keep using judges to block his ban. So tell me who's more evil ? Your letting them in to slaughter us. Fools
You speak out of both sides of your mouth. Have IC focus on foreign threats that are real. Stop migration from lawless countries
@Patrici61172453: LoL, one of the most powerful terrorists sits right there in your midst. The "D.C. Folly."
@realDonaldTrump In this environment, why would you cut antiterrorism measures in the first place? Who does that?
Why did you let un American Obama give billions to Iran which directly fund terrorism?
We're sick of whining Chuck !
And not waste one penny more on any magic "wall" to solve the problem. OMG what a misguided jackass he is...
Really? Don't you think maybe more thorough vetting of immigrants might help a little bit?
he doesn't care about terrorism, he just uses it to further his agenda.

the guy has no compassion, no morals, no concern for anyone but DJT
Other than importing terrorists and defending illegal criminals at our expense - what's your plan? Support  @POTUS
THIS is a NEW low for you. NOTHING that you say in this is true at all. But THAT is NOT surprising..BECAUSE YOU are simply a BLATANT LIAR!
YOU should abandon your support for criminal illegals and Sanctuary Cities. Flushing money down the sewer doesn't make us safe.
I think you're confused Wasn't that Obama who gave  them money Hillary Clinton sold them uranium Travel ban America needs it build that Wall
What does the budget call for senator?? What's your proposal?? Just asking
Step up and follow president trumps lead on fighting terrorism here you don't have to spend billions stop fighting trump
Trump will show you how to fight terrorism without blow up the national debit
Our @POTUS has the right to protect the American people. 
#ExtremeVetting now!
Read this warning. 
We support our President of the United States.
Vote out the #Democrats.
They continue to stand in the way of American people's safety by putting foreigners first.
Then support Trump's travel ban.
Thought we didn't have any worries! You know hug it out, open borders, give them an education and job, they're  just bored!!
"Proposed" cuts are nothing.  Get off your ass and pass SOMETHING, and let the legislative process work.
Another lie Trump main focus is to keep the people of this country safe
Wait? What? I thought you guys despised #POTUS now. You've been against his anti-terrorism efforts from the beginning.
IN THE NAME OF ALLAH,THE MOST GRACIOUS,THE MOST MERCIFUL
THE MESSAGE OF ISLAM
THE MUSLIMS BOOK HOLY QURAN
PEACE BE UPON YOU
WHOLE WORLD`S
I'm not surprised I'm signing off th stupidity is making me 
Yet u r against the travel ban. Wat is it Chucky.
What does this mean?
Never let a crisis go to waste! Right chuckie.
Given what's happening in America we are calling on Congress to impeach and remove Trump to 
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain
& 2
#MakeAmericaFreeAgain
His cuts were simply removing duplication. Stop lying
You Dickbag, but keep the doors wide open to country's that cannot control terrorists. Brilliant Chuckles 
Hey Chuck, the people want the travel ban
Why, you don't want a travel ban, but want money to fight it on our soil after you let them in. Think about that.
I suggest that you need to think before tweeting.
R u calling for a travel ban yet? If not u need to. If we have an attack in US, u personally need to be held responsible for all deaths.
GFY SCHMUCKY!!
Hey Chuck, you do know trump-initiated chaos is encouraging global destabilization, right? Clean your own House first.
John Kerry saying Muslims are alienated and have a hard time assimilating in the UK. Libtards rationalizing terrorist acts. MENTAL DISORDER.
Hey chunky boy, why not stop allowing refugees into this county. It's the best way to fight terrorism coming to our country
Putin and Trump are masters of the same dirty game. Protect the USA.
Keep all Muslims out Senator
You need to decide which way your sails are taking you. You seem to change with the wind.  Work for NYS . HIGHEST TAXED WELFARE STATE
Anti-terrorism efforts need to include White Supremacist groups here in the U.S.  They are the worst of the worst, causing more deaths.
Approve the temporary travel ban and get ur money
EVERY COMMENT FROM CHUCK IS PROPOSED-NEVER WHAT'S HAPPENING NOW?WHAT EVER FUND[MONEY] TRUMP WILL DO JUST FINE.????
Isn't it cheaper to just not let terrorists in?
Time to break ground on that wall Fake Tears Chuck. Throw Deblasio in jail for this sanctuary city bullshit.It's going to get good snowflake
He'll have to get back to U on that...there is a 7 hour time difference with the Kremlin...
Switch some of food stamp money to that Chuckie!!
And he should stop selling arms to Saudi Arabia where the 9/11 bombers hailed from.
Fine, provided ALL FUNDS ARE IMMEDIATELY CUTOFF for the ongoing electronic weapons torture of innocent Americans. 1000's are targeted. STOP!
The American people and New Yorkers call on you and other lib Dems to support the travel ban in light of U.K. attacks. #MAGA #retirechuck
It's time for the EU & NATO to pay up and pay their fair share!
Ha! I thought that was his gig
Agree
Let's cut salaries of our part time Congress first
Why did white americans come off terrorist list
It might be an idea to get him to immediately abandon the Oval Office before he is forcibly evicted from it
WTF The scare everyone about terror pres wants to cut anti-terrorism funding? Think he wants to see things go boom here to control his base

HYPOCRITICAL OBSTRUCTIONIST!!!
He won't. He has an agenda
Trump and the Republicans appear to be creating another Benghazi  but this time it will be on American soil. Unfortunately I'm not surprised
Will be overseas, too. They want to cut security for Embassies & Consulates. Lindsay Graham said about it, "We'll have more Benghazis."
Leave it to you to not let a terrible tragedy go to waste! Increasing the Department of Defense Budget isn't cutting Anti-Terrorist funding!
You need to be aware of your surroundings the people next door the ones in a store pay attention and get your nose out of the damn phones
Why would he make cuts? When he wants a BAN? You watch CNN right? Figures
Why would he? He wants the US attacked so he can spend more on military. The shallow dick wants war & a reputation as war time President.
TRAVEL BAN WALL NOW
For someone who wants to fight isis. He's trying to make us a target. To justify his fear-mongering
But then how will Trump's rich white friends get tax cuts and afford their sixth ferrari?
Um hey no wall Chuck, build the wall vette  immigrants and do your job. Until then you have nothing to say
It's time to retire Chuckie
How about closing the border so American people don't have to pay for invading us.  Cash me out side how bout that
Travel Ban NOW! Until these countries will agree to the same religious freedoms we have by all means there should be a Travel Ban.
Explain were these "cut" funds or going. That may shed light on why they were cut. Details Chuck the people deserve the details.
Chuckles Chuckles Chuckles you morons are against securing the boarders and a travel band really??? Trump is trying to protect us not you...
Tool
Stop the BS!! Try working with the President to protect Americans. We need the travel ban and the wall. Got it Hypocrite!!
NO SANTCUARY
Lets hear the facts, Kamarade Schumer! 'Sanctuary' cities who alter Trump cuts to other functions to police expenses DOES NOT COUNT!
No way Chuckie
He wants to keep America safe right?  NO PROBLEM!
Trump is banking on increased terrorist activity, to call for more immigrant blocks, an increased police presence.Which leaders do he love?
Thank you he's a checker player in a chess match
But if he does that how will he fund his tax breaks for himself???
Chuck ... as a lifelong Democrat and lover of all things American I beseech you... do better than this "me-too" mamby pamby politics.
What's the funding for if you just escort them in and give them welfare etc.  #liblogic
Who r "we"? U couldn'the find yr butt w/ both hands IRT terrorism. Spoken by someone who spent 30yrs fighting folks u hope settle in US.
And....good idea to call for the stricter vetting 
Chuck we won't have this problem in the states once we ban Muslims and get rid of all the refugees y'all brought here.
