Definitely. 60 votes would show bipartisan support.  Gorsuch is callous and too extreme.  The GOP claims to care about human life, but what
He is more then qualified and follows the rule of law which is the most important thing the SCOTUS can do. Emotion is not law !
Nobody said he isn't qualified.  He is too far fight...more so than Scalia. Bipartisan support isn't unreasonable, especially considering
Garland situation.  Gorsuch has ruled on emotion/political reasons.  Overreached when a narrow ruling was all required.
RYAN WILSON case is a deal-breaker.
The fact that he is being pushed hard by The Federalist Society and Heritage Foundation is the red flag...not buying any bullshit neutrality
arguments.  He is a gift to Citizens United and Evangelicals- anyone with an ounce of common sense knows that.
I don't want a neutral guy we elected Trump to get right leaning Judges. The court has over reached its powers under liberal leadership.
Thank you- it's time for the FDR fortitude!  The Republicans have been playing dirty for too long....time to fight back!  DO NOT work
with the Orange Menace on anything.  Do not normalize, do not back down.  The grassroots efforts will continue as long as you fight to
uphold American values.  As you said, Trump cannot govern from the hard-right!
And the Dems cannot govern from the far left! Hypocrite
We don't.  We'll give credit where credit is due.  I love Mattis and McMaster.  I respect Nikki Haley and Trump's second Labor Secretary
was a good choice. However, we aren't going to stand silent when something isn't right.  Garland wasn't "far-left"...very mainstream.  Far
left is Bernie Sanders and the Green Party.  Most patriotic Americans are repelled by the far-left or far-right Populist candidates
like Jill Stein and Donald Trump.  We've never had an extremist on either side in modern history.  In fact, Hillary Clinton was pretty
Your thinking is skewed & bass-akward. You are anti-constitution for wanting SCOTUS to NOT follow the Constitution as it was written.
Oh he can follow the constitition..its taking away our rights that we are concerned about
That's why they didn't nominate a democrat
And the GOP doesn't want legislating from the bench, reading things into the Constitution that aren't there.
So did the constitution give women the right to vote?  So we shouldn't be able to vote?  That's ridiculous..
Actually Linda, the 19th Amendment to the Constitution gave women the right to vote. So yes, it is in the Constitution.
D's will use any tactic, for any reason against POTUS even knowing that their actions will further divide & harm the US. Be Honest!
Exactly  
... Schumer Pelosi Obama and other Dems confirmed Gorsuch in 2006 ... it is pathetic
Dems doing everything they can to hang on to power thru the courts.
They are one more justice away from loosing their "One World Gov"
You confirmed Gorsuch in 2006 whats the problem Chuck  ... time for you to GO
Schumer is being very kind to his fellow senators. #GOP blatant snub of Garland was UNconstitutional & outrageous behavior. #Democracy
in the Senate? The Republicans did this for both of Obama's nominees  and it has been the expected norm of the Senate for centuries
What about the process for evaluating  SC nominees based on their merit and qualifications and not based solely on political bias of those
The tradition broke four years ago.
Grow up
First outsourced nominee, first so-called President not to solicit bi-partisan input before choosing nominee. 60 votes protects us from that
Following Sen Reid's lead you would pull the Nuclear Option on us in the blink of an eye.
And now it's changed..I hope it comes back to bite the Republicans in the ass some day.
#ConfirmGorsuch ..... Garland is irrelevant
Schumer is irrelevant too!
Shut up already! If we want to know what you think we will ask. Otherwise it's safe to assume we don't care what you think!
You make it sound like President Obama didn't successfully get two judges placed on the court. Dems are setting a bad precedent.
Oh..I didn't know there was a limit of how many SCOTUS  a POTUS gets to pick..
Start crying again Chuckles
Wasn't Schumer one of those pushing  the  Biden rule?
They don't have to according to the Constitution, dems are cry babies
WRONG!! What has changed since last time Gorsuch was UNANIMOUSLY approved? Nothing, except Dems suffered major losses: Congress/States/POTUS
You cheated to push entire Obamacare bill thru Reconciliation and change Rules to create Nuclear Option! Good! NOW IT BENEFITS US!
Hypocrite. Chuck wanted to block Bushes nomination his last year. Soooo 2 faced. Thank god for video and google lying Chuck !!!
Senators most of the time do not do what their constituents want
Maybe, here in MA they do not listen,
Please keep up the fight
Another Communist organization
until now. It seems the only nominees to get poor treatment are  those  nominated by the Republicans.
You kicked tradition to the curb when in 2012 you TOOK HOUSE BILL 3590, CHANGED THE LANGUAGE, AND MADE IT FIT YOUR NEEDS TO PUSH OBAMACARE?
PAY FOR ALL THE TIME REPUBLICANS HAD TO PUT UP WITH HARRY REID.
. @civilrightsorg @SenSchumer @SenSchumer the traitor goes into the night and lies more.
SCHUMER TALK=2 SIDES OF THE MOUTH.?????
Chuck is afraid we will uncover this?
http://www.westernjournalism.com/exclusive-investigative-reports/the-mystery-of-barack-obama-continues/ …
U are pathetic. What do you do for US ? How do you help families working 3 jobs ? Why do we pay you for gridlock

Actions have consequences.Schumer started this crap in 1992, & now gets to reap what he sowed. Congratulations.
You should peddle that garbage to your pathetic mentor, Harry Reid. #lunaticleft
Keep up the good fight!
Then you should not have set the president and used it first, payback is hell when you are just evil.
Dem's went nuclear now are regretting it. Should not have followed Harry and Elizabeth Two of the biggest idiots of our time add Nancy for 3
No one to blame but self FILIBUSTER W/B BLOWN UP You brought the ammo we returned it 2 U.  U called down the thunder NOW prepare for hell.
The deal: NO DEAL NUTS 2 U WHEN holding the cards you play all your cards. U R ON Ropes Keep you on ropes. You have NOTHING to deal #MAGA
And when did you come by this belief?  I guess it was after you decided you don't mind being defined by your hypocrisy.
LOL GOOD LUCK WITH THAT CHUCKY. YOU BIDEN & REID BROKE THAT. TIME TO FINISH AND END THIS ONCE AND FOR ALL! #MAGA
I see all you dip shits formed a club!
Angery obstructionists Chuck...Has no purpose in politics...Resign and maybe the public will decry the need for a toll bridge in your name.
The only time this shit stain calls for anything remotely traditional
True dat.  The 60 vote requirement is meant to encourage compromise, the hallmark of the Senate.  It IS playing by the rules.
Then you can blame Harry Reid for this. he was the one that used the 'nuclear option' for lower court nominees. Don't like it when it works
Against you?
No deal with republicans No Gorsuch!
@SenGillibrand @SenateDems You have ensured 30 years of a Conservative #SCOTUS. Thank you!

Poor Schumer . Gonna lose  this. So sad
Too Bad U R Creating Your Own Demise?

But time to move on. Get guarantee the next nominee has to reach 60. Reid made a mistake. Must do what needs to be done to keep bar at 60.
Can we move forward.  Stop illegal entry and the muslim takeover
Tomorrow Gorsuch will be confirmed and there's not a damn thing you can do to prevent it. Hahahahaha!!!
The world is on fire and you clowns can't agree on anything not even the smallest things what would you do if we had a real crisis
Time to go nuclear GOP!  Thank you Lib Dems and Harry Reed for making the Nuclear Option available today!  Karma's a bitch huh???
Ask Biden about Garland you lying obstructionist lib.
my family and i support judge Gorsuch
Resist and revolt against any change in the rules.  Stop GOP!
you have said on many occasions you want an up or down vote! Liar and hypocrite.
if you would stop your obstruction on everything this would not occur yet you persist all you get is expelled
nukem nukem and laugh @realDonaldTrump it's politics that's it! and come 2018 the fake news will cry again !!
McConnel is filthy and he needs to be ousted. He has not played clever but played like a pig and this is not who we are.
Stop it liar
You need to step back and confirm Gorsuch
Please pay 4 advertisement about Gorsuch plagiarism. Only way 2 win. Do u want SC justice who cheats?
Please pay 4 advertusement aboit Gorsuch plagiarism. Only way to win this. Do u eant s c j who I cheats. It's important
Amen!!
Confirm Gorsuch!
1964 Civil Rights Act R's filibustered for 60 days. This administration could be in jail by then. Keep talking please!!!!!
Never have liked that 60 vote rule anyway.  Wouldn't be needed if the Democrats were so full of it.
"Tradition" is both parties working together to make this country strong.  That is not possible with the Democrat Obstruction Process.
Yes, @SenateDems need to stand strong, & @SenateGOP need to put partisan politics aside & think of what's best 4 Americans - NOT GORSUCH!!
You liberals need to stop winning. Umm, do any of you know who said Elections have consequences, deal with it"?
Amen to that.  Republicans need to consider if such a rule change is consistent with their oath of office, in OUR National Interests
Too bad you didnt think so when the Dems nuked the filibuster years ago. I might have actually taken you seriously today. 
DEMS SHOULD FILE CHARGES AGAINST MCCONNELL FOR VIOLATING THE CONSTITUTION REFUSING TO VOTE ON GARLAND
Republicans followed the Biden rule, Dems started the use of the nuclear option, Gorsuch had only 1 in 2700 rulings overturned. UR pathetic.
so it's tit 4 tat politics. The Reid rule will be enacted and it's down to you and the Dems. This will haunt you
If you read the responds of the people they want unity. This dividing is not working in the best interest of America
Please protect unborn children's rights. These innocents are slaughtered and they have no voice for their protection. Their souls cry out.
I agree, Senator! Please keep fighting for us here in Brooklyn!
MLK said judge someone on the 'content of their character'. You want the souls of innocent aborted children as your character content? No
Our politicians are behaving badly. We need to vote them out. Both sides, bipartisan selfishness. Revenge for Garland?The people get shafted
Senator Schumer, you are nothing but a bitter wind bag, with nothing new to say! Get over Garland and MOVE ON! You are acting like a child!
GOP= Grand obstructionist Party. Their made we took their playbook!!!
2 items: 1. Your thinking is lacking in common sense. This could happen to you when in majority. 2. You are wrong!
u sir are a sissy! if u do this we the people will vote you OUT of office.
We think Gorsuch is the new Justice by Friday and you are an embarrassment. Selection belongs to the President. Senate majority approve.
Especially under the circumstances with the #DarkMoney cloud over #Gorsuch and his being selected by a known liar @potus. #StopGorsuch
The Congressional Democrats are the biggest two faced , hypocritical, intolerant people I have ever heard of.
But for the right to play the same game is sinful. (cont)
Like the Necular Option, Reed pulled this 200 year old rule out and used it to your advantage. (cont)
But now, It Obama and it's OK and a sin not to allow his liberal justice to get in. Hypocrites, (cont)
1992 Biden Rule, Should not appoint Justice in last year of office. G,W. Bush was not allowed to put justice in. (cont)
Sure you do. Today you stand on tradition. Yesterday, not so much. You and Harry Reid set the tone. Now live with it. 100% Democrats fault!
The ONLY things you care about are your socialist, big govt ideology & your donors. Don't pretend to care about the LAW.
Can't wait till phili bust, wait until the Repubs select a real conserv judge n you won't be able to stop it lol
The stupid obama New better than to nominate him in his last year just another case of the republicans ego shit!
mongolism..is a 19th century term that means down's children look like they are asian..with slanted eyes.  It's horribly racist and cruel.
Why on earth this Judge would use that term?  Crazy
Not is not what you said when Reid used it. I'm thinking something that starts with Hypocrite, Time for Schumer to go back to hell
Unwilling to work for American people, use nuclear option
Stand your ground.Thank you for what you do.
Get over it Chuck! No nomination during election cycle! Gorsuch deserves confirmation, Garland may get net scotus seat when available
Schumer enough W the whining about Garland! All U Dem Senators R obstructionists.U are doing nothing for us Americans! We R tired of excuses
Truth be told
Why would anyone want this very heartless man who didn't stand up for the little guy?  He's for big business. Didn't u want the swamp draine
the deaths of those children in Syria is on all the democrats hands for doing nothing when he crossed Obama's phony red line
RIGHT ON Schumer! You The Man!!
Democrats purposefully left #SCOTUS nominees at a 60 theshold when they used the constitutional option circa Nixon, since they are LIFELONG.
95-0 in 2006.  what's changed your mind?
Nov election Dems lost House, Senate, WH & an addt'l 1,000 state seats.  2018 they will lose more based on moderate dems switching to GOP!
Your party created the Nuclear option, now man up and accept the consequences
It certainly wasn't previously. Who was the nominee that got 60?
Yes but the @gop And @SenateMajLdr Have been putting party, power and profit before country for decades. They don't give a  about people.
I agree.
Average Joe doesn't care what "we think". What does the law state?
What a hypocrite!
You lost and we won you don't get to choose. Hypocrites
You're right. I agree with you. One hundred percent.
Your tradition is obstruction. You'll find out in those red states in 2018. Dems are in a free fall. With your strategy it will continue
Yes hold up your side mr chuck shumer, keeping the public smart is the better move..good 4-5
bravo. You are on what will be the correct, honorable, noble side of history. We regress when we accept wrong without blowing the whistle
I totally agree. By changing the rules to fit the GOP that holds Majority is not how this check and balance system works!
Tell that to Harry Reid, a Democrat
So it is ok if the Democrats change the rules but not for Republicans - YOU ARE A HYPOCRITE!
Thank you!
Repubs had the right to not hold a hearing or vote on him.He wasn't confirme. Hearings aren't required for Scotus noms. Tradition isn't law.
Dems have a right to vote no, the Senate doesn't consent to this nominee. It's simple
You hear me disagreeing with that?
Why did DEMS state a President will not nominate a Supreme Court Justice in an election year. Please.
McConnell started this mess when he usurped President Obama, the Senate, democracy by overriding President's decision to chose Garland.
GOP clearly said "next President"...even if it would of been HRC, as many thought it was going to be.
And you just lost. Hypocritical blowhard, Snake-oil Schumer. As long as there is a Democrat in the WH, you will follow the party line/sinker
Chuck Schumer has become the "KING-obstructionist". This character is a DISGRACE to America. He gets paid by innocent tax payers &
Gorsuch needs to just go home and protect corporations above people.
#StopGorsuch
You mean lefty civil rights
Yeah, that shoe sucks on the other foot, don't it.
Revelation 3:3
Remember therefore how you have received and heard; hold fast and repent. Therefore if you [1/2]
will not watch, I will come upon you as a thief, and you will not know what hour I will come upon you. [2/2]
This sounds like law of Karma, which Trump at least does not believe in - he thinks he can lie, bears false witness, with no consequences.
Republicans need a 5th fascist on the court, or their whole house of cards comes crashing down.
Ruth  Ruth. Ruth. Ruth wake up we get another shot
