what a stupid comment
Hassan, there are multiple types of evil. The protesters who throw feces and other things at cops or other protesters aren't too much better
Ed
Nazism is a socialist leftist issue. Hitler took his cues from US Democrats. Southern Democrats started the KKK & were pro slavery.
With Democrats no denouncing Antifa show that they are trying to push their agenda with violence
The opposite side of Terrorist b l m , black panthers.That Democrats/44 funded w/taxpayers $. And never called their racist hatred/ out
What side does it matter? Both sides are wrong! We need UNITY which is what you aren't pushing for!
He has stated that there are "very fine people" in the white-supremacist movement, making him a neo-Nazi sympathizer. #25thAmendmentNow
There were "very fine people" there that are not white supremacists.
I'am good man and the person I voted for President is a good man, you have your answer. Thank you.
When it comes to Antifa, BLM, which have proven to be the ones causing the violence & destruction, which side are you on Maggie Hassan?
Please explain - on what side of Good or Evil are these Antifa members ?
Antifa a violent left wing group that's your group.
You guys never said Black Lives Matter was wrong......never.
We need all our leaders to call for his resignation.  Everyone
AMERICA LOVES TRUMP!  HELLO??? THE ELECTION IS OVER DONALD TRUMP WON! GET OVER YOURSELF! SERIOUSLY!
Cute bot name!
Cute DUD ( Democrats under Delusion) Toomey!
Which side are you on? Haven't seen your condemnation of Antifa.
How about BLM, chanting dead cops?!  Antifa cowards covering half their faces, communist trouble makers !!
Which side are you on Maggie? You do support stealing Veterans Military Pensions.
We know communism is evil. Why is there so much support for Antifa from progressives? It's as bigoted and involved in domestic terrorism too
President Trump is on the American ppl side POS SCHUMER is not.
He's NOT on our side! Trump must be impeached before he completely destroys America.
#impeachtrump #fakepresident
Your side, you mean #POTUS isn't a progressive communist? That's why I voted for him, he's all American.

People Arrested for Vandalizing Confederate Statue All Have This One Shocking Thing in Common http://ijr.com/the-declaration/2017/08/949832-people-arrested-vandalizing-confederate-statue-one-shocking-thing-common/?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social …
Repeal Obamacare before it implodes.
Antifa thugs swinging bats & clubs is okay because you like them? Weren't both sides wrong? Why didn't you mention Antifa?
Obviously you think left wing terrorism is good, are you a left wing terrorist?
I'm on Trumps side.  The side of good.
Impeach Trump
The far left and far right are both WRONG. Which one are you?
democrats approve of the kkk senator Bryd was a grand dragon ZHillary's mentor.Nazi are the antifa who you support.Your the guilty ones
Your party's, owner hunted Jews down,  turned them over to Gestapo,  died in camps. (cont) http://tl.gd/no1p6u 

Which side are you on? 4 confederate soldiers named Hassan and 1 named Schumer. Do the right thing, denounce your racist names.
Which side are you on? You think these guys are the only ones we have to worry about? You created them, help get rid of them. Get a plan
the original va. protesters were attending an anti pc rally: erasing history for political correctness is pro special interest rule
@SenSchumer car attack in Barcelona today . Clearly islamists. Hassan & Schumer won't say 'Islamic terror'. Hypocrites
Ok Rules for Radicals and Communist Manifesto. They'll never prevail over the USA.
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends @FoxSpecialists
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends @FoxSpecialists

Which side are YOU on?  ANTIFA is evil! If you think they're "good" you're delusional!
The Difference is the Democrats have their own terrorist groups Antifa & BLM! The Republicans don't have or support Any terrorist groups!

@SenatorHassan Since Trump denounced ALL sides, is he wrong since he included the Dems terrorist groups Antifa & BLM that u omitted?
Where r u?
He's answered that all ready. He supports the Nazis.
We know what side you are on your own.taxpayers deserve better than to bailout ins. Companies when they have millions$ to donate
Thank you senator
Both sides violated the law in #Charlottesville Get it?

You're still asking?
I think he's on the side that doesn't have the nazi billionaire financier
Stand up, stop talking with empty words, and demand his resignation
Potus is a bussiness man first. Green is his color preference. Let the man lead!! #MAGA
Are you even asking that question?
The solution:
Any reasonable person shuns nazism, but personal responsibility must be upheld on both fronts. Violence hardens the heart against reason.
he has shown his color's and they were not Red White and Blue.....
We know. We are working to end his evil reign. Peacefully.
When R "public servants" going to pass bills 4 jobs, economy, health care, min wage, ending wars? 

Our patience is wearing thin. 
Obviously, @SenatorHassan, #LoserTrump is on the White side.
When it comes to Nazism, white supremacy & domestic terrorism, the only sides are good vs. evil. @realdonaldtrump, which side are you on?
Yes!
Memories 
Have you condemned John McCain yet? What side are YOU on?
Alt left, Black Lies Matter, left wing anarchists, trying to stifle free speech, change history. Sounds a lot like the Taliban or Mao!
There were people there protesting, their right under the constitution, the removal of the Lee statue. They were attacked by alt left terror

fuck it who needs them anyway?
Let me help...trump is a racist bigot that congress is allowing him to take over our government. Now did that help
Stupidity

Don't forget to call out BLM and Antifa.


Are you the best people to represent Ameeican intelligence?
and you're thoughts on the hammer and sickle?

He has already shown what side he is on.
What side r u on? Obviously not the American people! U would gight to keep the murderous Lenin statue up?
He belongs to the 
"Radical White Nationalist Terrorism Organization!"
He's against them but also in favor of something u might have heard of its called The bill of rights specifically the 1st Amendment.
When will you DENOUNCE "ANTIFA".  Do you realize you are hypocrites? I think not
Terrorism armed by US & UK for Regime Change to loot is 100 times worst than Nazis. Germans built great Country after WWI but UK cheated
When it comes to vandalism, attacking police officers, and rioting in the streets, the only sides are GOOD and EVIL. Which side are you on?
The same side as chuck Schumer?
I'm quite certain he's already told us, Senator Hassan.
So any violence is okay if it's against white supremacists?
He is clearly on the side of evil
Can you honestly say there is no hatred, domestic terrorism and evil coming from the left? If u say no, your no better then those u name!
Keep pushing Trump and your R colleagues to do the right thing and denounce white supremacy. We cannot be silent.
Thank you Senator Hassan for standing up for good and sending a message from NH!  We must stand up to evil and denounce it. I'm with you.
gee didnt trump call out evil? didnt he say there were good people in Charlottesville? he didnt choose any side but honesty. #MAGA
That is not true. The commies fought the Nazis, and they were responible for over 100 million deaths and murders.
He told us with all the passion and heartfelt words he can muster. Stop trying to change or smooth it over. #BlkPeopleKnew
Ok, there IS NO QUESTION Sen. Hassan. Only question is what to do about an incompetent @Potus.  #ImpeachTrumpNow  Move us past danger.
You r wrong.The sides r EVIL vs EVIL. Nothing good on the Left, raising hell all over our country 4 past yr!
grow up - panderer
why just domestic terrorism? why not "all" terrorism..including islamic terrorism?
When  it comes to violence....there is only two sides...acceptable and not acceptable. Which side are YOU on.
@realDonaldTrump EVIL! Is his chosen side.
Maggie another AH! Black Lies Matter & the alt-left R on the "evil" side also. Why don't U fool Democraps admit that? Our Pres. is correct !
Which side are YOU on, because U left out Antifa, BlackLivesMatter,CAIR,Muslim Brotherhood & the Democrat Party who are founders of the KKK.
Questions are no longer valid. He is scum.
The AltLeft went looking for a fight. white supremacist  are BAD but they have the same rights as all. For the AltLeft to come with bats..
Antifa are fine human beings. i like their clubs. did you see them attacking the Seattle police??

I think he's answered loud and clear
Trump is no better than the ISIS leaders when he condones hatred, bigotry, and violence by white supremacy
Stop asking... he's already answered.
He made it crystal clear.
He was clear what side he was on.
He just claimed his side. Impeach!!!
Like you don't know what side he is on?

He made that quite clear on Saturday Monday and Tuesday! You should listen more and talk less. Quit being political about every thing!
You obviously missed the press conference Maggie
Please share what's your side senator?
You forgot to include AntiFa, BLM, and Black Panthers!
Sen. Maggie Hassan, you know Trump is no racist. You know what you are doing is just stirring the Pot. How does this Tweet help unite the US
What is "White Supremacists?"  Who are they controlling or ruling over? That is the requirement.  Has it been met?  No.  Answer please.
So you are ok with communism Alt Left Black Panthers, Black Lives Matter, and AntiFa? Bcuz BLM/AntiFa started the violence.
he just told us that he is on the EVIL side.
it's obvious which side 45 is on, the evil side & he needs to resign, we cant have hate in the WH any longer bc he has shown his true colors
Please step down and bring back Senator Ayotte. Your statements are unbecoming a Senator.
It clear!
OK enough already this is getting boring it's an individual problem each person is responsible for themselves
Thank you senator Hassan for your leadership.
Rhetorical question? You know what side he's on, Senator.  Protect us from the deranged and dangerous man in the WH.  Impeach!
So I can assume that, with your elected position of power, you are actively working on removing this POTUS from office?
What a completely useless question. Better question: what r you doing to help make America great again? Obstructing is not a good answer.
Regardless of the source, reject all violence , rasicim, & hatefulness. U r not doing America good by favoring  one side over thec other.SAD
Does he have to denounce them EVERY time he speaks?
PRES TRUMP DOES NOT HAVE A ALT-RIGHT TERROR GROUP WORKING FOR HIM?BUT THE http://DEM.PARTY  DOES=THE ALT=LEFT TERROR GROUP EVERYDAY???
Now that it is clear you and fellow Senators can/must not confirm ANY judges from this President!!!!


All ways on the side of good. If we can't get past this hatefilled thought process the country will go down
You really asking that question. We all know already.  Now do something about!  Vote to make Nazis terrorist status so we can take them out
YOU are the problem.  Stop you resit movement and get behind the president and do you job
he made that clear yesterday.
Yes!  Agree!  Oh and speaking of domestic Terrorism, are you on record as denouncing #Antifa?
With a name like Hassan, just look in the mirror for evil.
He's has taken his stand with White Supremacist and neo_Nazis. He is dangerous and needs to step down.
It's funny the Democrat should ask that question seeing him Hitler and the Ku Klux Klan both are extensions of the left


Stupid question, he's clear which side. Time to #ImpeachTrump #25thAmendmentNow

Give it up Ms. Hassan-Rational Americans know what really happened that day. Efforts by U and Democrats to smear POTUS will NOT work - MAGA
@JoeNBC He said. TWICE. The question is, what is CONGRESS going to do about it.
When it comes to LIBERAL HATE NOBODY IS SAFE VOTE ALL DEMOCRATS OUT
He Already Given His Answer to your excellent question, not in so many words ... "ye shall know them by what they do"
HYPOCRITE LIBERAL FILTH! DESTROY STATUES? ANTIFA BROWN SHIRTS!  THE DNC'S GOON SQUAD!  YOU'RE A PRO NAZI LIBERAL!  THIS IS CRYSTAL NACHT!
Which side are you on Maggie
Thank you!!! @MadisonSiriusXM @ananavarro @CNN @Amy_Siskind @funder @RepMaxineWaters @CBSNews @MSignorile @SMShow

I'm on the side of freedom. Which side are you on?
ANTIFA are domestic terrorist payed by dems to cause anarchy WHY? Answer that one I will tell you you are corrupt that's why.
That is the perfect example of a rethoric question


