American people want Trump impeached
What is with you? Do you agree with president trump or are you a parrot? Too bad you didn't care for the past eight years. DON'T TRUST YOU!
Hi,Ur great in lip service.U only talk! Enough is enough.We R sick paying Ur salary. Do Ur job&work with POTUS. Put us 1st & poletics aside.
Funny you say that now. Dems have lowered tariffs on imports for years
Chucky you're a liar r u up for reelection? Starting to change ur tune for votes to get back in to push ur socialist agenda we aren't buying
copycat copycat  Stolen from our POTUS!!
Trump wannabe  #MAGA @POTUS
Go Trump!! Converting one dem at a time! #MAGA
Congressmen&Senators must not exempt themselves from the very laws they legistlate.U must not have salary/  benifits better than average Joe
Our federal tax dollars, our dollars which are taxed away by the Federal Government, do not "buy" anything; they're CANCELLED.
How about stops corporate welfare?
If U want to fix health care.. Here is an idea. US Senators & Congressman must not have better quality health care than average American.
Gee, that sounds familiar. Didn't somebody else say that not too long ago? Going to promise to build a wall & control immigration too?
Gee, wonder where this idea came from? Hmm...let's see...oh yes, it was President Trump's idea. No liberal would think of it!!!
My tax dollars pay for illegals while I have no insurance! I know of #ABetterDeal - Vote Chuckles out of office 2018!!!!!
Again your starting to sound like Trump.   Good for you.   Hope your voters believe you and vote you out
You are a joke. Really? Now you are MAGA?
Chuckles stop trying to run on @POTUS  agenda. Your a crazy socialist and you just want more tax dollars coming into the government to steal
People all this speak of Made in America - Donald's idea.  Hum is he or Ivanka changing where their stuff is made? A joke.  Hypocrisy!
You have no soul. Weak man, weak.
Old plan no plan! Your party stands not for American values!
Is that a America first agenda? Good to see you final have come around to support our Presidents position.
You are pathetic. After 40 years all of a sudden you are concerned.
Again isn't this what Trump has been saying FOREVER!  Wow where have you been
That's why, unlike WA State, Americans and not Canadians should do infrastructure and road work. All (R) in 2018. No more gridlock, no more!
More Trump speak. Love it. You have been absent for years. Looking forward to you supporting the trump agenda.
That is true if not using citizens money just to pay companies prices that are not competitive.  Fraud is as bad as importing products
Tell that to the Trump family..
Hey Chuck! Sounds like you're trying to steal Trump's plan..nice try.. day late and a dollar short
That should include all our military equipment.
Heard this somewhere before....Hmmmm, #MAGA maybe?  @realDonaldTrump  Trump Train welcomes  @SenSchumer
“We’re going to end up having a level playing field...but if the playing field were slanted a little more toward us, I'd accept that...OK?”
So much for Trump's "Made in America" blathering...
What a crock-stealing all @POTUS plans for Make America Great
@Potus has been saying this for over a year. You don't have an original thought in your head. You are an ineffective leader retire
You're saying @obama & @dems spent the past 8 years f***ing us and our country???
Riding on the Prez' back aren't you? Still think your constituents are stupid and can't see that? Shame chucky, they woke up, u shld too.
You're a Fraud!
Totally agree. In fact I couldn't agree more. My bucks, my country.
Now you're just copying everything Trump said
So, what are you waiting for...create the mandate causing Americans to have less stress and more money in their pockets? Stop Monopolies too
And you're going to tell the 45 clan everything theyre making outside the USA will stop if theyre going to sell it here????? Lol lol lol.
You are such a phony. I hope most people can see through you and your nonsense!
Should have done that 20 years ago.
America DO NOT believe this lying self serving political hack His main objective is to fool u into believing he cares Nothing is true
Dems policies & crushing taxes made them leave Trump will #MAGA despite your #Corruption
STEALING TRUMP IDEAS WILL GET YOU LIBTARDS NO WHERE!
AGAIN ANOTHER stolen #MAGA promise. Looks like you liked POTUS platform goals hmmmmmm
Ooh.. American-made.  Can't come up with your own agenda?  Sounds like u are on board the #TrumpTrain
Lyin' Cryin' Chuck now supporting @realDonaldTrump's campaign. A little late for the #JokeOfADeal
Really ? Duh Chuckie boy glad you agree with POTUS on something
Wow - this is great - pointing out that this would not have occurred under Obama
Thank you President Trump!
Again taking a page from Trump.
Democrats never believed this, why are you changing your tune now?
Haha! Well good I'm glad you are on board with President Trump!
Clinton's email servers were made in Japan....
Your rebrand will fail. Start being open and honest and taking accountability for your past.
Yes up Chuck, President Trump loves made in America. American workers, American steel. Remember? Next?
Then why is his and Ivankas products made in China? Oh and steel used to build his buildings- not US made
Chuck sounds like you are trying to hijack POTUS's ideas. You've been so busy resisting you weren't listening.
Start Subsidizing Small Businesses first & continue with fossil fuel industry only for crosstraining in green energy wind/solar. Out of Box?
I guess you haven't been listening to @POTUS aka @realDonaldTrump for the last few years, Made in America, Buy American! #MAGA
You democrats are talking like you just got to Washington, not like you owned the WH for 8 miserable years !
Ok..who hacked Schumer's Twitter account?
Should have always been that way somewhere along the lines they messed it all up.Lets get back to National pride in what we do and make
A Trump supporter at last Schumer as the demised Democrats have NO message, money or leadership !! Join the Republican winning team !! 
You sound like a Trump supporter... Schumer !!
Step by step you're having the same protectionist bias as @POTUS  Wondering how far you're going to go!?
Are you now part of Trump's cabinet?
Stealing the Trump agenda. Go ahead say and support these things, help him get it done. You'll guarantee him a second term. I wont mad at ya
Wow! Getting tickets for the Trump Train. Doing better there sch. @SenSchumer may be waking up. #AllAboard
Are you for real?!? This finally occurred to you?
I'm told #ABetterDeal is not a better deal at all.  You have forgotten about the middle class.

Ummm. Isn't that what Trump said ...
Hey Chuck, glad to hear you agree with @POTUS. Good job waking up and protecting Americans for a change.
Duh!!! What Trump ran on 
America First. Americans first. Made in America buy American made...
Your "new" plan #schumer
Do you realize to the thinking mind you look phony & stupid simultaneously. Even the so called uneducated are catching on to your BS. FAKE
@SenSchumer your "new" plan, is already in play.....#MAGA.Repackaging does not make it "new" or an original idea of Dems
Are you delusional?? Now you're just repeating @potus... Stick to identity politics and race baiting.
Turn over the plate in front of you at your next free meal paid for by American taxpayers and tell us what you read!!!
Hmmmm, sounding familiar.  Winning!!
That's really funny! Now That Trump wants it your for it where were you and Dems for the past 8 . On vacation
You guys are so out of touch.
hey chuckie lets do a survey==tell me all the members of congress who own or lease a foreign car!
Stop taking the President's ideas, 
You totally mimic Trump's plan. Not an original idea in any of your airhead party members.
Exactly what the president is talking about
So what happened to the "Buy American Act". Was the fabric of government contracting.
I dont want my tax dollars buying anything
Copy cat. You know a good idea when u see it
Finally figured out what POTUS is saying is what people want huh.. lmao.. you idiots make me laugh- you wont get this voter back. Too late
who is making the materials for the unnecessary and stupid border wall and why are the American taxpayers footing the bill?
Not everything can be American-made. We can be realistic, but let's not be idealistic on the subject.
The only BETTER DEAL is to get you and your liberal WHACK PACK out of office!Quit flapping your gums and actually do something beside resist
Smartest thing you said all yr TO BAD TRUMP THOUGHT OF IT FIRST!
Chucky, be careful what you wish for! Can you possibly come up with your own slogan!  TRUMP will make ABETTERDEAL!!
Bandwagon jumper!!!
You are so far behind on message that you are now simply stealing what is popular today
Chuck, you're finally getting aboard the TRUMP TRAIN??
My how you dems have changed your tune.  Under Obama you destroyed American jobs! You let Obama almost destroy America!
#AmericaFirst Chucky? Winning slogan!!
You've done nothing about this for decades.  Now we should listen to you?
Wow you take his idea's and threaten his administration in the same breath, pathetic!! Get your own ideas, you can't and you know it
Isn't that what Trump said?
YOU PEOPLE ARE A http://JOKE.NOW  YOUR TRYING TO RIDE TRUMPS COATTAIL.THE DEMOCRATS HAVE NO MESSAGE
DONT LET SCHUMER DECEIVE YOU.
Start w Ivanka & Donald if he wanted to bring American jobs why do all his workers have H2B visas?
Chuckie, you need some "new" material! You can't keep stealing POTUS ideas. Getting tired old boy!
Guessing those idiots from the left just stupid enough to believe @SenSchumer just came up with this all by himself
Isn't that what Trump  was running about made American by American when the dems Was pushing import sales more than American sales
And now you're trying to claim it as your all self when it's his agenda
Schemer shut down China imports for a start hit China in the pocket book
Nice rip off of @realDonaldTrump .
If your President owns a company that sells it, it should be American-made.
You make laugh... 
I think Trump is getting to close to the cover-up, and collusion of the Dems. So they r changing course to hide.
I won't believe anything he is selling.
Chucky is known for changing face.
Oh now you agree with @POTUS??
The point is 45 wants everything made in the USA. 45's making a fortune along with his family makg  everything overseas and selling here.
How much can one person make off ties?
After 8 years of not believing this, sounds like you're boarding the Trump train. Congrats!
DAMNIT!   ONLY ONE THING YOU SHOULD BE TALKING ABOUT.  DT WILL BLOW US ALL UP.  HE NEEDS TO BE REMOVED!!!
Wow spewing good stuff. But only an idiot would ever trust the Democratic party again. Tax increases and surpress the people for your profit
Senator, please get rid of Bernie.  He's bad for the Dem party.
Copying Trump, huh? That's good to see u r coming around
I'm with you on jobs and China. I hope the Congress will be. Time for change indeed!
Same plan as Trump is running on
Thx Sen Schumer. Bring back Dem Party core values back. Healthcare, Equality, opportunity, quality education K thru College for everyone.
You do realize how hypocritical this is, right? #liar #hypocrite #obstructionist
Bunch of crap. All talk no action
I hope you mean parts and assembly are done in America.
Our tax dollars are paying you to work for America and you resisting and obstructing isn't earning our tax money. FAIL
Except that the senate and house is republican controlled.. try again
@realDonaldTrump 
See what Chuck said?
How hard did you hit him?
If all billionaires who have business out of country came back to USA, they could rebuild factories, etc. But they're greedy & selfish.
Check you out riding the coattails of Trump!
So you've become an American now?
MAGA TRUMP new immigrant act stops immigrant low balling wages SUCKING life out of welfare programs & robbing r  jobs, r seats in higher ed
Schumer has become an advocate for President Trumps made in America goal!
Like you ever gave a crap, until Trump won on bringing jobs back to the US.

You are a phony, always have been, always will be.
#AmericaFirst
If our tax dollars are buying it, it should be the best quality at the best price.
That violates the WTO agreement but that doesn't seem to matter to you, follow the law Sen in all matters
So now that you are losing you want to adopt President Donald J Trump's policies, I'll stick with the original!  MAGA!!!

Chuck "America First" Schumer. This is rich.
Now you get around to the economy after all these years! The real leader is our President who cared about jobs & economy from day 1!
We don't have much income to buy anything you know the lower middle class and minimum wage earners we can't even scratch out a living
The way you politicians are betraying as to follow Trump you're the ones that's throwing America under the bus
#madeinUSA isn't that what @realDonaldTrump has been saying?
Exactly! MAGA!!!

Rat
Hey Chuckie, that's what PRESIDENT TRUMP has been saying for 2 years.  It's about time you listened.
I think you need to send that tweet to Trump not us
The most successful, philanthropic, people don't follow #MadeinUSA why not teach global skills and economy?We can't  thrive on an island.
You can try to mimic, you can try to mirror, but no one buys the generic off brand . 
YOU ARE A JOKE.  POTUS has been preaching that since he took the nomination.  You DEMS want to sell us out to other countries.
You mean @realDonaldTrump 's plan!? #SchmuckCumLaude @SenSchumer #MAGA!
Therefore, the govt cannot buy any more computers or phones since 90% of the parts are made in a foreign company thanks to Dem tax policies.
Dem tax policies caused most companies to relocated to another country.
So, if you have to buy American, we save money, nothing made here!
Aww Chuck...We all love the Wish App
Made in America! So u see how rediculess you sound copying @POTUS platform!
Is made in Russia counts as USA?
Seriously?  Completely ripping off @realDonaldTrump. What a joke.
Senator you are going to put the Trump's out of business.  Go for it! #MadeinUSA
Mimic, mirror,copy, Americans don't buy generic off brands. /shrug We are a name brand country. Knock offs sell, but not like the original.
So your doing a 360 since US doesn't want illegal immigrants and globalism NWO. So believable, kinda like your Russia narrative
Sounds like you agree with @Potus agenda. Putting your name on it and trying to sell it as your idea?
Awful slogan "A Better Deal"!  Your party lost over 1,000 seats so how could you offer a better deal!
So shall we dismantle everything we buy that has a part or was assembled somewhere else? Old-fashioned thinking. Not feasible. Isolationist
I'm sure it envolves higher costs to us  correct ?
Glad to see you are finally buying in to the Trump agenda.   Call it a better deal or whatever just pass some legislation and try voting YES
You're just repeating everything POTUS has said. Think of something else!
Why??  Why should we buy american made items?  This should be your lowest priority
Else your the Presidents daughter and you refuse to make your stuff in America Cause profits matter more
With union labor, we hope
He says tweeting from a tax payer funded device made in Asia
What choice do we have?
#MAGA
Please don't use this as an excuse to crank up low wage prison labor!
Lookie...Chuckie trying to ride @realDonaldTrump coat tails now. Dems are pathetic obstructionist. Vote them out in 2018!!!


That includes campaign money too right?
How trumpish of you
We are not buying this asshole :(
I think the world is too big for that motto.
POTUS is light years ahead of you on this topic, nice try.
