Exactly ..either he lied and no tapes or lied and he's afraid of what's on them  ;) #LiarNChief
Of course he lied. Why do ever assume Trump can tell the truth? We've seen no proof.
But but but Sarah says she knows for serious sure that 45 isn't a liar! 
See America is done with liberalism and the lies they tell. The fraud like Russia gate. Start providing sources or SHUT UP
Yea democrats poll. NEXT
Omg r u serious? Senator you may have a seat. You have been shown to be a hack and a liar. If you're not.going to do your.job the resign
Why would he disagree.  Trumps just been cleared of the Democratic hoax Comey; No Russian colusion, NO obstruction. Thanks for wasting time$
R u playing your hall of mirrors for the distortion to fit your narrative, again?!?
Keep drinkin the kool aid, Rumpy will be in prison soon enough and then u can curl up in the corner and 
Comey leaked instead of using proper channels. What other investigations has he compromised?
You can't "leak"unclassified. Did you even hear what Comey said? He specifically made his memos unclassified.
He did not address his concerns with proper channels prior to doing an end around
Go ahead and explain, what channels should he have gone through, then?
Obviously you have decided that his actions were okay. Normally you would go through chain of command.
obviously, you can't answer the question because you don't know. Yes, Comey releasing his unclassified memo was legal
But then why didn't he just give it to the reporter himself instead of going all Secret squirrel?
he explained that. He was going on a trip w/his wife,&it would be like feeding the seagulls @ beach. Can't blame him.
He said he better there were no tapes after Comeys leaked memo.
He can't.. he's LIAR.. he doesn't have any
Can we get someone to pay him oodles of cash to put it on TV? 
When is enough enough? Work together and get this country moving forward!
I'm thinking the only tapes that exist are the ones with trump getting pissed on? #ComeyHearing
@realDonaldTrump POS #PutinsPuppet
Sick of this bs let the special council do its damn job. Colossal waste of tax dollars and nothing done to help middle class

He probably really thought Comey would In fact find some dirt on him. That's the reality of it. He got scared and fired Comey.
Fingers crossed.
y is there so many delay in Penn station you raise the fares with the same shit service worry about NYC and get things done for a change
Please tape your mouth.
You need to resign, this is a waste of time and money, shame on you!
Was Wondering what ELSE u would try n use since @JamesComeyFBI Destroyed your whole OBSTRUCTION theory! Back to RUSSIA ? Oh now it's TAPES!
Or ask Putin for them.
Lyin', Cryin' Schumer, you & Nancy are leading to hate charge against We, the People. You are evil, dividing us! Hate u back!
Yes I agree, play the tapes! Thank you Senator Schumer
Or admit to lying about the existence of the tapes.
he said better “hope” there’s not tapes. never said he had them. essentially keeping #Comey honest it worked.
Yes please we are eager to hear the tapes.
#Trumpgate Keep the pressure on #DontheCon
Where they at?????
He'll throw Sessions the Christmas elf in front of that bus first, since closed door session today showed 3rd undisclosed meeting w Russia
Shut up chuck.....the silent majority elected Trump and we will be voting for him again in 2020
1/4 isn't a majority.
You must be using common core math...
The backwood Americans ran 2 the polls 4 Trump & he doesnt give a damn about u until he needs idiots to bail him out in times like this
#SchmuckCumLaude @SenSchumer for the sake of decency and the #Country give it up already man! Let's hear #CommonSense ! Read a book!
Allowing a corrupt tantrum throwing man baby to remain in office is the opposite of decent. I shouldn't have to explain that, yet here I am
Because, if there ARE NO TAPES... *Gasp, clutches pearls* He LIED.
Pee pee tapes first though. KThanks! 
I ready for the tapes
He has to tell another lie to cover that one and the other etc etc....
Hey Chucky what were you talking about with Soros's son? Huh? Collecting money ?
Everyone together now "Play the tapes!, Play the tapes!, Play the tapes!" @realDonaldTrump LORDY!
@SenSchumer please keep talking. Gonna be a long 8 yeats for your team of clowns. 
I love long yeats.
I bet you do 
Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia
IMPEACH  PUT HIM JARED IVANKA  ADMINISTRATION  FLYNN  GUILANI  GINSBURG  ALL GOP  RUBIO  CHAFFETZ  HATCH  GRASSLEY  CURBELO
#MAGA
Here's what we found out today Chucky the clown.
Name calling is a sign you are weaponless
Truth is a sign that you are a liberal.
LOl exactly.  I'm waiting.  Likely forever

Tapes? What tapes? That was another LIE
Lets see Hillary's 33000 secret mails first.  Or lets put this much effort into solving Benghazi.  Or who did the Obama spying & wiretapping
WTF uses tapes anymore?  #ImpeachTrumpNOW   follow me please...xoxox
If you are so good at this, and know all the answers, why don't you run for Prez in 2020? Boy, the skeletons that must be in your closet.
Your response has literally nothing to do with the discussion
It's certainly did not fit your narrative but you'll still continue to whine
Hard to play tapes that were recorded on a defective mind.
There aren't any tapes, he was bluffing because Comey's about as trustworthy as you are. People lied about Russia so why trust anyone?
I'm sure Trump will have the last laugh Chuckie.
Cry baby chuckie.....ask your pal billybob  and Loretta why the aren't in jail. What did she ask comey to call Killaries case? Please stop
Along with the evidence your "wires" were tapped, the millions of illegal votes, and the largest inauguration ever. **crickets**
Lordy!
Yes
All Americans are waiting to hear the tapes
Chuck.... shut up. Get ready for sha na na na na na na na hey hey hey goodbye to the Democrats and their crooked way of life.
Being in Trump's custody,if they exist, would u trust they'd not been altered in the interim? Asking for a friend. ;)
How Trump's nose isn't scraping the ground .... LIAR IN CHIEF
He said nothing. U Dems r barking up the wrong tree. And will look like fools if u keep pressing.
Yes, @realDonaldTrump, please do...OR release your taxes, OR tell your side!!

why didn't you tell people about your connection to Russia diplomats
You right CSRu@p is a fraud
Trumpi is a LIAR. HIS PROBLEM is that he DELIBERATELY lies so much, he convinces himself that it's the RIGHT thing to do!!
tell me what do you did to investigate the return of Cash to Iran or to prevent the uranium sold to Russia? now Russia is the enemy not be 4
I agree! And evidently so does Dir. Comey.
lordy, yes!
Comey said he took notes after meetings w/ @POTUS in case Trump lied. Real question is has Trump lied & the notes prove it?  Answer: NO!!
No, not the golden shower tapes.  He ain't got no tapes on Comey, Corey called his bluff.  #Comey2020
even if he did..and was stupid enough to release them..I would bet on comeys' side of the story being true.
Donald appear in Congress and testify under oath .... that means you can't tell lies.
My God New York seek psychiatric help!  All of u r delusional!
YES
Better still, have your PR guru "JOHN MILLER" call the media to clear your name. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1b1o5DtnbY …

@realDonaldTrump #NeverForget
He isn't a good bluffer! I'm not sure tapes exist, is was Trumps way of finding out if were made?
Good luck! For this individual the facts and the truth are only required if expedient
The president clearly said "tapes", not 'tapes'

Take a nap, Chuckie!
#savage
Yah, play the one with Lorretta Lynch's little tarmac meeting...oops.
you mean tapes that may not exist? are you saying they do exist? nobody has confirmed they do
suck it Chucky

Yesssssssssss
Why should he? Comey confirmed Trump was not target of the Russia investigation, that nobody attempted to shut it down, and Comey was weak.
Right. If there are tapes, and they support @realDonaldTrump story, wouldn't he produce those ASAP? If no tapes, was @POTUS lying?
Yeah he's never going to share that tape
He can't!  Because either, A) They do not exist - or B) If they do, they prove Comey is telling the truth!
Yeah i want to hear them. And i also want to know the results of the detective you send to Hawaii in search of Obama birth certificate liar
You don't represent a state anymore you spend a majority of you're time in the District of Columbia. Go away you drunk driver
If Trump's supporters see evidence against him, they'll still say it's lies.  I cab't understand these people.  I knew he wasn't fit.
You push Russia collusion nonsense even though you knew Trump wasn't under investigation, bold face lies.

Yes! Mr. President #playthetapes ! I'm ready! #ComeyHearing  #trumprussia #theresistance
@dacullington. Patiently waiting for Trump's taxes, tapes, testimony, and #Impeachment.
Better yet play them up his a.....
...and the world. We are all waiting .@realDonaldTrump #ReleaseTheTapes
c'mon stop giving this guy the benefit of the doubt. There's never been tapes - he just made it up. You need to call him on it.
Why don't you be a decent American Chuck instead of a hateful Dem election loser, just pitiful.
@dremmelqueen Better yet, testify under oath.
Chuck, if they existed they now are in ashes!  No way trump will release them. But destruction is obstruction. Subpoena them!
if there were tapes, there are no tapes
(They're in the microwave)
https://www.leftscoop.com/2017/06/msnbcs-nicolle-wallace-blasts-pathetic-donald-trump-jr-slamming-comey-kill-baby-elephants-watch/ … The pea brained apple fell on the tree & grew branches of deflection branchesJr sized Twitter fingers at work
Or, he could go before the Committee and comment under oath.
Trump wont do it.  He's a diaper.  A soiled diaper
#ComeyTestimony #Comey #ComeyHearings #JamesComey #ComeyHearing @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #ComeyDay #McCain @seanhannity @DNC @SenSchumer
Wow some people really think you are so smart as to persuade someone into giving up top secret information just for impunity.lol
Trump was destine to hang himself from the tongue!
Crickets
Chuckie, why don't you ask Comey about Bill and Loretta's little mtg? This will end when it leads back to the USSR hacking HRC'S home server
You do realize there is no USSR anymore? Nor any shred of evidence HRC had anything to so with this?
Chuck please explain the Russian Scandals that popped up with you.
If they exist, they won't have been edited in any way i'm sure....
I'm America!  And I care about #MAGA, so get to work quit obstructing you slacker!
Oh, Chuckles !!
What about Loretta Lynch? Her DOJ? Did she receive directives from Pres Obama?
Pls. Play the tapes Trump
Senator:  Ask Keith Schiller. He will know where the bodies are buried.

ITS OVER CHUCKY Better stop these accusations& investigations before we find out more about, Obama,Hillbillary and DOJ illegal dealings
. #LiarInChiefTrump @POTUS aka @realDonaldTrump knows better! He can't back up his lies, cuz he's a LIAR!
Real simple and if loyalty is all he wanted, why ask his top aides to leave just to reiterate loyalty?
He said Loretta lynch tried to shut down the Clinton INVESTIGATION! Where is the Special Prosecutor?
He might disagree But he definitely is not Disgraced like the Dem are
. #Trump will release the tapes immediately after he releases his #TaxReturns #CantStopLaughing 
I'm just glad that Trump's big fat man boobs can't become a witness against him! Phew!
Spun it in his own mind that testimonys all positive for him
Except the part where Comets a leaker & a liar
How its both...???
#GOP_hatesUSA
*Comey's*
STINKIN' spellcheck
He will as soon as his ProTools editor is finished with them.
Make that all of the World, please @SenSchumer - this is far more important. The US will be the last country to be invaded by Russia.
Senator, what's your position on AG Lynch directing Comey to downplay the HRC investigation?
Trump didn't do anything all previous presidents destroyed the Muslim countries and made refugees now they are using their news networks
Alleged tapes are about obstruction of justice ref Flynn's contact w/Russians. Not one mention of Muslims. Let's stay on topic.
There is no investigation it's fake it's not real
@stollmeyereu Knowing all the while that Trump was making an empty threat like all of his kind. #theresistance #resist
How about finally investigating Lynch and Clinton?
This is great.
And why don't you explain to all of America what YOU meant by a REFUGEE PAUSE? http://thehill.com/blogs/floor-action/senate/260471-schumer-refugee-pause-may-be-necessary … 
There are no tapes. Read the tweet. Comey leaked memo to the NY Times because of the tweet.  Mission accomplished.
He's a leaker.
I think he just used othe ole tape head fake.
Hey smuck need some cheese to go with that whine or simply a diaper change
what tapes? Did Trump sayhe had tapes...or did Comey say that Trump had them?
He also said @AGLynch obstructed justice - but no mention of that you partisan hack
Yes! Chuck  Demand the Tapes rom Lying 45!
Or better yet come and swear under oath like Comey did
Go back to selling snake oil Chuck
Schumer you should put your head in a toilet and flush it and take Nancy with you!!!
@johncusack  Lordy please !
It's over!!!!  Move on. Everyone else is
Or better yet, he should  testify under oath to Congress; we all know he'd lie his ass off.  Then we have charges of lying to congress.
Or come and testify under oath like Comey , and bring his tax returns
@SenSchumer and why exactly did you keep beating the drum about "completing a Trump investigation" when u knew there wasn't one?
Oh we agree,like they say these days... "bring it to the table", otherwise ;)
Comey for President 2017
Sessions PREPARED his lie about his contact with the Russians.REMEMBER the senator NEVER even ASKED the question,he volunteereered
Better yet,man up & sit under sworn oath & answer questions for hours just like Comey did. @realDonaldTrump do it if you have the 
@VanJones68 there is No Tapes Jack Ass.
Be careful what you wish for.
He just says whatever comes to his head,like he did 2 President Obama and his Birth Certificate.He is the true Ugly Wealthy Corrupt American
Hmmmm.......so this is what crickets sound like.
Just like his policies, Donald Trump offers nothing.
Well someone ought to be subpoenaing those tapes before they are destroyed or heavily edited.
@realDonaldTrump tapes? How about #EazyD?

#TrumpLies #TrumpLiar #TrumpLiesMatter
My eyes are burning!  Retinas melting...aggghhhh!!!!
Yup
You are a POC.
You forget why Trump was voted in!!!! If we slandered Obama we were racist. Now you are just sore losers
Explain to us why u continuously pushed TrumpRussia collusion when u knew Pres Trump wasn't under investigation, as per Comey!
play the Benghazi and airplane converstaion tapes Chuckles!
Schmuck!
I'm agreed with you, it so true
@Sen_JoeManchin is NOT a member of the @DNC...he goes whichever way the "WIND IS BLOWING" 4 "PERSONAL GAIN"...sucking up to @realDonaldTrump
@DNC @dncpress
u sound a little bitter chuck
trump sat thru #ComeyHearing with his lawyers. because that's what all non-#CRIMINAL's do. Is he ever NOT self-serving? What, no golf?
if there are any tapes that makes them government property!
