Please continue to lead for the people, Senator Schumer! Don’t let the @GOP take advantage of the legislative process and keep this hidden.
Oh stop he is an obstructionist
You mean like the @GOP for 8 years under Obama?
(2) But “two wrongs don’t make a right” & if it was shady and wrong then, why turn around and commit the same sin now?
No one is obstructing @realDonaldTrump, it's just that his agenda is catastrophic for 98% of the country. Obama was just black.
And I feel like under Obama-even if his plan wasn’t perfect-he was trustworthy and genuine and honest about where we were at on healthcare.
Yes, even if you 100% disagreed with his position, you could count on honesty.
Look at Chuck. Russia narrative gone. Lied to America for months about @POTUS being under investigation. Nothing left but day drinking!
Investigation is getting bigger but quiet as it is still classified and cannot be talked about yet. Just wait the truth always comes out.
"Wait for truth to come out" Leakers would have the truth out in mere seconds.
Undeniably. It's a huge scam the dems have been running and some still buying it.
Trump is a scam put in place by Putin.
LMAO 
It's funny to you now but we will see who gets the last laugh.
The question is if ind counsel ends investigation with no wrongdoing found, would you accept that?
Quit live streaming and sit down with the GOP to work on healthcare 
If they would, he would. He has asked them to work together multiple times. GOP has put that option at the bottom of their list.
Wasn't it @SenSchumer who said he'd participate only if repeal was off the table?
Yes. Repeal without an effective replacement forced him into that position. Repairing the ACA will result in a better outcome for most folks
Regardless, accepting vote to repeal then productively moving forward to represent constituents is his job. He put that condition on himself
It would be irresposible to repeal and allow millions to have a lapse in healthcare while a solution was worked out. That is rep his people.
I agree, but since there's a GOP majority, @SenSchumer & all need to be involved if & when it is repealed to protect anyone in harm's way
I don't understand your point. He is involved, now, with a logical plan for progression. You best protect people by acting proactively.
Thank u for continuing to speak out and fight this vile health care bill 
Why aren't you trying to impeach the traitor
Democrats should be making specific proposals to repair the ACA, not just pointing out the myriad flaws in the AHCA.
Voters won't reward Democrats in 2018, if they haven't at least tried to propose specific fixes.
Tell me how they can make proposals to people who are behind closed doors? If there is a secret, let the world know
They can't get behind closed Republican doors but they can identify specific fixes and make the case for those fixes to the American public.
Whether Republicans ever entertain a single Democratic proposal, the American people need to hear specific Democratic alternatives.
Republicans likely to pass some version of the AHCA and continue the narrative that ObamaCare was failing and that Democrats had no answers.
That narrative would be harder to sustain, if Democrats were flooding the media and town hall meetings with specific alternative proposals.
Romans 6:23
For the #wages of #sin is #death, but the #gift of #God is eternal life in #ChristJesus our #Lord.
I hope that message was for trump because he needs it bad!
President Trump is already saved.
How?  Please tell?
I'm surprised NYT even reported on it: A Born-Again Donald Trump? Believe It, Evangelical Leader Says
look at all the Trump bots out! 
It's good to see their are politicians like you who truly care about all the people.
Why can't a class action law suit by filed on behalf of the 26 million ppl who will be harmed by Trumpcare + the thousands more who will die
The GOP is creating this drama and sensation to distract. Bigly! Keep your eyes open! #TrumpRussia
Yep, it's time to act now and get you out of office.
They have moved out and are spending it down south
Unlike your bill it is being scrutinized so it doesn't fail like the last one. Sit back and watch.  #realbillwriting

Yea they all do it. Same way aca got done
I have called and emailed my senators in AZ -  Dems need to stay strong for us #ShowUsTheBill #Resistance
RED ALERT!

♡ ya Chuck!
U & your fellow Dems snuck thru this failed Obamacare & now you claim GOP doing it.  Don't recall u allowing GOP see any of it before hand
Your BILL/Obamacare.... Sucks.... My Premiums are Through the Roof?????  What are you doing for the working people of this country???????
Sorry, CHUCK !!! If your against it.. either you didn't read it or it is GOOD for the middle class....... I'm gonna say all of the above.
Um GOP is not allowing anyone outside committee to read it before vote. How can he be for a secret bill?
If he hasn't read it.... how can he be against it ?? Answer..... cuz that's all he does !! His Hatred is really shining thru. Yours too.
Give me access to your bank account - I'll tell you afterwards why it's a good idea, k? If you don't, it means you're an obstructionist.
ok its your
You must be making headway, @SenSchumer , so many Trump trolls here today.
But their answering machines are full. ???
Fricken fool! How can people listen to this crook? America speaks out but Schumer, the idiot doesn't hear us! 
We love you Chuck, keep fighting the good fight! Peace, love and good health in our Nation.
Why didn't you show us Obummer care before you passed it?
Save #ACA for her #CHD #preexistingcondition @American_Heart @MLH_CHD
TERM  LIMITS  6 YRS  MAX  NO GOV  CREDIT  CARD, PENSIONS  GOV HEALTHCARE  AFFECTS  U, BUT MUST BE. THE  RESISTANCE  IS STRONG.
why are they hiding it???
Because it will kill voters!
He never said that.
BANNANO, GEVESESE,  LUCHIANO, GAMBINO, RUSSIAN  FEDERATION  MAFIA  MOB.  KREMLIN  IN DIRT  HOUSE  DC,
Please stop you all are putting our country in danger for your own agenda just stop
Sneak? It's all over the MSM, day and night.
This is the first time since Jan. I have heard you talk about anything but conspiracy
Bot, you haven't been listening
Why we let the Republicans make a mockery out of the health care. We need to fight just like the Republicans doe. Like radio across the US.
For the love of humanity and country PLEASE call, fax, email, FB and Tweet your RePIGlican Reps every day!  Text 50409 to use autofax.
What do dems have to offer us? Nothing but obstruction! No issues solved. Dems are finished!
why are those guys putting their careers on the line for this? Honest question  #ShowUsTheBill
Delicious tax cuts, more Koch brother "donations"
No hearing, no vote!!
@SenSchumer @timkaine  Destroy, O Lord, divide their tongues; for I see violence and strife in the city. #2A Psalm 55:9 #news #Alexandria
James 3:14 

But if you have bitter jealousy and selfish ambition in your hearts, do not boast and be false to the truth. #fakenews #MAGA
God hates a man who stirs up dissention   Placing it right up there along with murder, lying, and perjuring Proverbs 6:16-9 (@SenSchumer)
Like @NancyPelosi says, you have to pass it to see what's in it.
Senator you and I are on the same page
Sorry Chuckles you are a toothless tiger now I can't wait for the midterms.
a time to impeach you now, you are in DC for thirty years with zero accomplishments, just kissing Obama's ass to fill your pocket.
What have you done to come up with a better plan to replace the total failure of Obamacare? The Reps. are at least trying to save costs!
You make me sick.
Sign it, then u can read it. Isn't that the way Dems do It?
You can see the devil in this man's eyes..What a creep..
How's about Congress recieve the same Healthcare Insurance that the GOP have drafted... seems fair.
See how long they last, eh?
What can we do?
Shut up and stop lying to us, the American ppl. Ur a traitor.
go away Chuck; you are so out of touch with reality.  Your scare tactics won't work with tax paying Americans.
Proud of my senator.


Is #Trump psycho/#bipolar/#dementia patient? 
@CNN: #DonaldTrump says #TrumpCare bill HE celebrated w #Republicans is MEAN. 
#news #madness
Your done
@realDonaldTrump only does what's good for HIS bottom line, that in mind let's see his taxes and business ties. His friends and family too
Vote out #GOP republicans incompetence ...
The #Clinton puppet and king #obstructionist speaks...  your horrible for #America
Time to work TOGETHER with GOP on a healthcare bill for all Americans. Get to WORK NOW.
Time to retire Chuckie
Thank-you for your message. Americans need a decent healthcare bill. Republicans don't get it.
Why chuck,  you didn't show us yours, surely it can't be any worse?
Mitch McConnell is a coward. You cannot reach him. Tell me how I can actually get through to him. Always unable to leave a message.
What are we to do? Because GOP HAS WH, HOUSE AND SENATE, we are unheard. In PA @SenToomey is absolutely ignoring his constituents. Powerless
Can't we get a single GOP senator to resign based on trump russia, a sex scandal or fraud to bust the GOP majority to force bipartisanship?
You've received millions from the healthcare industry.  You're part of the problem.
Go have dinner with Soros again you fake
Hey #ChuckSchumer when will you apologize to @POTUS for lying about him being under investigation when you knew he wasn't? #ComeyTestimony
PLEASE RETWEET
Sen Schumer         You don't speak for all of us. You know serious changes need to be made to make this work - Stop trying to scare folks

Chucky are you and Nancy on the same med's
You didn't show the American people what was in Obamacare!!! "Pass the bill so we find out what's in it"...
I don't want to hear the GOP plan.  I want to hear YOUR plan Schumer on how you are going to fix the failing Obamacare.  Put up or shut up
Way better than we need to sign it to see what it says ,and your staff meeting bunch of wanna bees who try to act keep the lies going clown
Resign. Or start doing something to better this country! Find solutions instead of crying! Stop obstructing and start unifying! 
It's time to act now #TermLimits #TermLimit #MAGA George Soros with @SenSchumer and his crew are extorting America #RICO
You will have to pass it to see what's in it, ChuckYou. #TCOT
show us your Russia profits Chuckie. Hopefully your boy Comey flips on you.
How can I change my Senator?
Now he doesn't like "you need to pass the bill to know what's in it"  Dems showed no mercy to rep or the people. Stop whining, you lost
You had your meeting with @georgesoros we all saw you and also your encrypted cell phone. Now you announce George's policy  
Disgraceful
Omg are they going to pass this like a  in the night? Let's get them! #fuckgop
U get more money from Soros?
America speaks out and is disgusted with all the nasty partisan crap thrown at us by the Congress.  Who's doing the people's biz?
Gosh shut up and get to work!
WHY? PELOZI GOT DEMS TO SIGN OFF ON OBAMACARE AND DIDNT SHOW A SINGLE PAGE HIPOCRITE! JESUS WE R SO TIRED OF YOU AND YOUR HATRED!
You are evil.
we have to pass the bill to find out what's in the bill, the suit
That's an intense glare from @SenSchumer...but it's deserved.  GET ON THE PHONES FIRST THING IN THE MORNING!
What ever happened to "we must pass it to know what it says!!!!" Wasn't that the Democrats slogan back in 2010 with the ACA????
When I look into ur eyes I see some of the most twisted corrupt shit and I was in the Army!
For the good of the nation, @SenSchumer should beat himself to death.
U do realize we see right through the bullshit right? The people have spoken! We chose Trump! U and urfellow dems are digging a deeper hole
Chuck @SenSchumer anyone one with a brain would not not stand beside you. Wrong we do not agree with you at all.
Ur a monster 
sthu!
Playn both sides 2
We have a secret government that is now passing secret bills to hurt tens of millions of americans without them even knowing. #ImpeachTrump
@SenateDems So far, not one Dem senator has endorsed withholding consent to stop #TrumpCare! What you don't oppose, you endorse!
Keep standing up for us.
Call your senators! 202-224-3121. I called both of mine today, even though they're Dems, to strengthen their resolve. Took literally 3 mins.
@SenateDems it's time for you to #shutupandsitdown. You've disgraced this country long enough.
You'll have to pass it to read it.
Chuck, while inepts U & Ms Pelosi runs things, I hv 2 stay on the sidelines,  no $ giving & no longer any membership though heart is w Dems!
You are full of BS Chuckie!
PATHETIC DEMOCRAPS OFFER NOTHING.  YOU ARE LIARS AND HYPOCRITES.
FU
Both my CA senators are Democrats. I'm sure they'll vote no. What specifically can we the people do besides contacting our senators?
@POTUS nothing you promised pd high prem for yrs on ind hlthcare.This bill is tragic and my daughter will lose along w/millions
We are with you and we are mighty
What do you suggest?
Call those folks- your folks! Remember you are their constituents! They work for you!
Do you have soros number on speed dial on your throw away phone?
YOU ARE A TRAITOR TO AMERICA
Thank you for helping us fight for #ACA and our democracy, Congressman Schumer.  #theresistance
Already got my notice of prem increase for next yr! I don't have another way to access affordable Ins! We can't let this fail! #Healthcare
let's get it done
You Dems really need Trumpcare to bailout the country.
We Americans have the right to see this bill.  The Senate, The House and the President work for us
You are an embarrassment
@SenSchumer --people screaming the loudest against @JeffSession & @realDonaldTrump are involved in the global pedophile ring. Is this true?
You look tired Chuck. Tired of losing?
"You have to pass it to see what's in it"
Please vote for the health care bill. I have had my insurance go up each year 277.00 to 1,087 since Obama care. Have a heart please help
Chucky you are becoming a big obstructionist pain.....do your darn job..... term limits !!!
Please for God's sake and America...dont let trump remove @Rod_Rosenstein or Special Council Mueller. I feel a coronary coming on. :)
Please Senator Schumer resist this man Trump with everything you can and implore your colleagues to do the same
Why should my 7yo w/#preexisting defect have to worry about any of this?
Thank you Sen Schumer for your leadership! #resist However may I suggest a new phone, the video quality a bit low. Suggest the new iPhone. 
Schumer do you think are fooling anyone with your eye glasses that may you look smart , your a fool
The Democrats need to figure out obamacare solution. Start an agenda. Win the people. Let ins comps insure across state lines. Competition
Stop ALL of this business in the Senate! Now! You can do it. You have the tools!
Former Majority Leader Pelosi Greatest Words "We need 2 pass this Bill so we will know what's N it!" Now U want the Repubs 2 b Transparent!
Thank you for making our voices heard #ShowUsTheBill no to #Trumpcare #RyanCare #McConnellCare
The OBama health care is failing. Insurance companies are bailing out and people can't pay the high prices and your blaiming this on Trump
#AHCA & Medicaid cuts will put my child's life at risk! Share real stories!
It's time to withhold consent, now! @SenFeinstein @KamalaHarris
@SenBookerOffice @SenatorMenendez pls follow according to get GOP to #ShowUsTheBill.  #SaveOurCare #SaveACA #ACA #ProtectOurCare
How much is Soros paying you???
Man are you ever boring... Time to retire or die, which ever comes first.
Obstructionist; how much does Soros pay you?
SU you fool.
#obstructionist #TermLimits
Just get ready to vote no AGAIN #disgrace #poorNY
What can be done to those who refuse to testify? CONTEMPT OF COURT. They swear to "tell the truth" then refuse - must have PUNISHED.
Just like the Dems did with the ACA... Elections have consequences!! Schumer is nothing but a Obstructionist.
You favored Obamacare that penalized voters who supported you if they didn't carry ins...a nice slap in their face..retire Chuck
Well u too start to work
Yeah. Like you Dems showed us Obamacare before you rammed it down our throats. Piss off.
Where is soros ?  #crooked
It's time to retire.
What a blow hard.
GOP is not releasing the new trumpcare bill for review because they know it will cause outrage. #ShowUsTheBill #SavetheACA trumpcare kills
