That's crap!
That's cause every funding scheme you are your colleagues say will fund schools gets robbed in the dead of night
Privatize the education system!!
485.00 is only the first month of school!!
They've got one. They have a job brainwashing our kids
So many schools failing, how much do those maybe not-so-great teachers spend?
They deserve a tax cut , a raise and maybe an expense account.
Schools should pay for supplies.
Yes they should with tax payer money. I said expense account as a joke. Teachers should not be paying for supplies.
See that now...  sorry!
#Cops spend own $ on uniforms, #nurses  on stethoscopes, #sanitation  workers on gloves, #Lawyers  on office supplies, etc, etc.  #GrowUp
The supplies the teachers buy are for students!!! What you talk about is supplies they use themselves!!! All workers have to supply they own
Cost of doing business is cost of doing business. Write it off & get some of it back.
@potus wants reward us poor people & tax u! U C if ur net worth involves more than 2 "," UR RICH. & u keep saying tax breaks 4 the rich liar
NO, they should not have to pay for ANY supplies that THEY don't use!!
If we do away with the Fed Ed. Dept. we could probably give them enough money that they wouldn't have to spend their own Chucky.
An awful solution that skirts the true issue here: public schools are underfunded while feds dump tax dollars into charter school businesses
They deserve a raise too.
And libraries! All of them support early learning which cannot be put on a laptop Thank you 4 yr work
11,ooo spent per year per public school student. Why the he'll are teachers spending their money on school supplies?   How does that brk dwn
Perhaps a quality education for the children in their classes are more important than the bucks in their pockets????
Or we could fund schools adequately so that we don't ask teachers and parents to buy school and classroom supplies out of their own pockets.
No chuck, either the school provides or the parents provide!! Can't make citizens to pay for everything! What about seniors on fixed income?
How about allowing them to keep their union dues if they want instead of forcibly deducting it from their paychecks.
Or we can use tax revenues to fund all our schools adequately. Why have teachers pay out of pocket? Shouldn't the system cover the costs?
Need better school budgets!! If people don't pass needed budgets, then shortfalls will occur!
They deserve proper funding so they don't have to come out of pocket at all.
They're funded plenty! The funds are misappropriated
That too. It's a mess. In any case it's unacceptable for teachers to get low pay and come out of pocket for basics.
Squeeze the fat out of the system and leave tax payers alone.
I am wholly in favor of that!
School district taxes are way too high. Do something about that. Why am I paying $1600 per year for school taxes ?
They deserve the government to put more money in the schools so they don't have to spend their own money
How about kicking out the corrupt teachers unions and fire half the "administrators" that do nothing but collect huge paycheck
Yes they do; so if the bureaucracy   and corruption can be stopped that would be great. Enough $ is allotted to DOE. This shouldn't be.
What's up chuck ok maybe they do but HOW ABOUT THE REST OF POOR SLOBS!!!
Parents pay for school supplies every year for the children in Boston. Where is their tax break?
Give em all a raise and cut their taxes saving teachers thousands...
Do you really think that teachers are the only ones who spend their own money on supplies? Others aren't deserving of a tax break?
Name a job where a person doesn't spend their own money to work.
They deserve higher wages. That job is critically important and unbelievably difficult. They deserve praise, respect, and a big raise.
Is this new news to you? Shouldn't be. Stop the DEMagoguery and do something about it.
There R some great teachers I know in N Y
the unions Control education. 
Most of us went 2 school parents paid for everything what happened
Keep protecting the teachers Unions that protect terrible 
Teachers and refuse to support charter schools proven to give a better education.
They deserve better. Doing that takes food out of their families' mouths. Quit spending $$ on illegals and help our teachers.
WE in NY deserve a school tax break. With the taxes we pay everything should be provided by schools from pencils to laptops.
Tax corporations more, tax teachers less and give them a raise for Christ sake!!!
They deserve a raise - a big one!
Tax break, how about we stop paying administrators huge money and put that money back into the class room?
No..deserve for supplies to be paid by school system..insane to give tax break for supplies that shd be paid by school. Opens to corruption
Get on board the tax plan & teachers will get a break.
That's the best tax break you can do for them? On $485 worth of expenses???
No ! They need the states to fund the schools better. Teachers in OK. Haven't had a raise for years. Trims tax cut would put more in pockets
how about reform education so they don't have to pay it.  You are attacking the problem at the wrong end as usual
How about those they pay their salaries? We could use a break too
or they deserve well-funded classrooms, higher salaries and progressive taxation of the disgustingly wealthy, but hey Democrats: you do you.
NYC teachers salaries are not low. School system shd pay for necessary supplies.
Chuckles is pandering again.
Lie
Raise your local taxes in New York to help your teachers. See how New Yorkers respond. A simplified tax code for all! Stop Spending our $$!
Chuck never agree with you, but in this case I do.
Indeed, they do!!!
SO TELL @NYGovCuomo THIS IS A STATE ISSUE NOT FEDERAL.  & IN THE TAX CODE MORON, & ITS ALREADY  A DEDUCTION
Most teachers I know are spending more like 1000.00
Sadly, this average is much lower than what teachers spend per year!!
EXACTLY!!!
Schumer "Please". Another crock of crap come on Schumer this is rediculous. You know where the money goes. For other city projects
If anybody does, our public school educators certainly do.
Business's get a lot of right offs why wouldn't our teachers who spend thier own money to educate our future
Better yet stop government from mismanaging the funds schools have and give them the supplies they need!

#MyLyrics          Please retweet 
If u didn't have so many illegals stealing from the tax system u might cld pay for it! We all suffer the financial consequences of illegals
They deserve for education to be fully funded so school districts/states can provide all supplies needed without the teachers having to.
Or they can fire 2/3 of the school administrators that are worthless and do nothing and pay the teachers 50% more !?!
Yes sir
No they don’t. We need for the tax rates for schools to go up if there aren’t enough funds to supply classrooms.
NY already pays 78% more than national average. It's not a money problem.
How about the over spending on school admin. Lets cut waist and over spending.
They already do. My son is a teacher.
Nurses also.
You just found this out.  Out of touch Schumer
Chuck, WE ALL NEED A TAX BREAK you thief. It's not your money to dole out!
While we're at it, can we raisr teacher salaries. Messed up world when Wall St guys who produce nothing make millions & teachers struggle
You win dumbest statement award! Who do you think pays teachers salaries and invests their retirements? Read a book dummy !
They deserve leadership who care about education & funds it appropriately resulting in them not having 2 use own $$ in 1st place.
We all deserve a tax break. We aren't under taxed the govt spends too much.
My daughter spends at least that, single mom w 2 boys. Makes 35K works 12 hr days M-F and 6hr on Sunday.
We do, sir, regularly.  We go with out so our students can have what they need!
How about a tax break for parents for school supplies? Better yet, fund the schools so parents don't have to buy custodial supplies.
They deserve for us to adequately fund the school system.
It is funded. It's just mismanaged like every other government entity. And now they want to manage healthcare? Good luck with that!
My eldest nephew's wife is a teacher in the Florida pan handle and she has to buy pencils etc for her students
They deserve a tax break but should also keep all the receipts then deduct all those expenses as work-related when filing.
THAT'S BECAUSE THEY R RUN BY FKG  UNIONS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THAT PAD YOUR DIRTY POCKETS, DEMOCROOK!!   #DRAINTHESWAMP
Teachers are the key to the future of this country.
AMEN!!!
That's not who The Donald cares about. That's not who he plans to protect. We all know it.
This is dumb. Donald does not fund schools. State and local levels do this.. get it right. Its what they do with the $$ which is the problem
@SenWhitehouse - anything like this for our teachers here in RI?
You are talking nonsense, some tax cuts are more equal than others.

Then who's stealing all the $ the taxpayers spend on supplies?
Why not instead fund schools better so teachers don't have to spend their own money on class supplies? Much less convoluted than tax breaks

ABSOLUTELY
And #Medicare4All
For once I agree with you Chuckie
