#Immigrants are widely known to send mass amounts of $$ they make to their families overseas w/out ever paying US income tax. Bad for USA
Actually, #emigrants earn taxed money locally and don't send it 'overseas', while legal US #immigrants are taxed by US govt
I knew MANY immigrants yrs ago who sent $$ out of USA regularly. Some w/ fake docs, paid under table, & NEVER gave back 2 local community :(
@SenSchumer uses #FATCA to wrongly harm legal emigrants, while illegal immigrants continue costing you a fortune.
@TheDemocrats fail 2C destroying US diaspora will eventually cause great harm 2 US. Short sighted 
@RonWyden US MUST adopt resident tax'n.
GREAT video #Immigration #WorldPoverty
>>
Watch "Immigration, World Poverty and Gumballs - http://NumbersUSA.com "
https://youtu.be/LPjzfGChGlE 
"Revitalize" ? How many assimilate vs create isolated mini 3rd world enclaves?

"DML visits Dearborn, Michigan 2016"
https://youtu.be/w5oLoW9jZJc 
Yeah and they send all their profits back to their country of origin you lying blood sucking hack.
Americans first.
All that without speaking English and living on welfare? Incredible. Mind posting numbers? I’ll bet it’s impressive.
You don't have any conservative friends sucking on welfare,Conservative people don't want taxes supporting free hand outs,That's Democrats.
Wow, someone has perfected the Art of The Simpleton. Impressive.
It must be a proper title , like Simpleton, poisonidea. And a progressive would lie to get free cash. /shrug because they have poison ideas.
STRAWMAN Alert! Who says anything else? #NotAll
As long as they are legal I don't think anyone would have a problem with that.
Thank you for showing #RefugeesWelcome on #WorldRefugeeDay and every day!
I have no problem with legal refugees...but illegal refugees don't always do those these things...and they are illegal. Don't like illegals
#katesteinle family prbly doesn't either!
They also kill loads of people every year #wakeup
please provide examples of refugees doing these things, examples
The Islamic culture will not assimilate, but you know that.
You would of course be talking about legal refugees
FALSE!  Gotta love all these "anonymous sources" 
Nixon's supporters were appeasers just like you till he got on a chopper and left Whitehouse in disgrace
Is that all you have???
No more! They need to stay in their own country and rebuild and fight for it. NO MORE!
Legal one yes! Illegal ones no! Schumer you need to get the facts right. That's what is wrong with the democrats!
FAKE NEWS SCHMUCKELS
Get Section 8 housing, welfare, food stamps and free healthcare.
They have to assimilate or we will be like Europe a mess. Wake up and keep us safe. We don't live with security like you do.
My grandparents came to America for a better life but did it legally. They came through Ellis Island. They need to be vetted properly.
Not all refugees are alike; stop being a blind fool
Too bad the majority of them jump right on welfare!
How are the special elections looking tonight? All of the money in the world spent on two seats and the electorate still turns back the Dems
Dude how is the American job market in construction in DC?  Americans have been driven out.
BS MAJORITY OF YOUR BOYS ARE ON OUR DIME.  WELFARE, FREE HOUSING, FOOD STAMPS,  MAJOR USERS AT CHURCH FOOD PANTRIES.
Legal!!!!!
BULLSHIT.....
At the cost of tax payers.
And plus all you dems and the courts trying to stop trumps plan are redic!! He's looking out for America seriously!! Get your shit together

That's not the world today chuckles! Things are so much different now we can't have refugees come to US without being vetted properly
And clean your house and mow the grass, right Chuck?
This year in Hamilton Ontario, a Syrian refugee mother and her kids threw bricks at Canadian children. They gave our bricks back I guess.
Where the hell do you live Chuckles????
Every refugee in Lewiston Maine is on some sort of gov assistance.
I was raised understanding that American citizenship required the ability to speak and read English. Why is this not a requirement any more?
Send them to Israel.
Each year #poorAmericanchildren watch parents lose jobs, wait in food lines, go hungry. Cry me a frickin' river.
We don't want them. Ban and deport all of them!!!
Where?? You mean there money goes back to their country!!! Your a fool chuckie 
What would you say if all these refugees Schumer was required to vote republican? Democrats want votes, they care nothing about the people
And hire illegals to do the work.
Come on Chucky. Stroking the refugees won't get you reelected because most of them can't vote. Think before you tweet.
How many can we put you down for Cucky?  I'm sure that mansion can hold a lot!  #cuckyschumer #TermLimits
Bring them to your neighborhood Chuck
And vote Democrat, duh
Or become marathon bombers in Boston...
And vote for democrats. Obstructionist Chuck has cemented his legacy as a do nothing scumbag only looking to stay in office
Live off the tax payers
Radical Islamic refugees become citizens have 100 kids then conquer the country they immigrated 2.They don't assimilate into other cultures!
Really How about all those same refugees r rapist killers theives terrorists hate America what to change American culture hate Americans
We won't allow Aztec and beating hearts being cut out either.
Not welcoming any more. We are done. Criteria for being recognized " religion " Religion must be benign. Not call for murder, genocide. 
Stick it Chucky boy
Been to the human services. The Muslims own it. With full garb and half beards dyed bright red. A full sign of Islamist. Multiple wives/kids
Where are you getting your data.
Chuck! That's fine but now is now. All we want is to be legal! They deserve all the rights of our Country just become LEGAL
And shoot up night clubs , start female genital mutilation clinics . Ect ect.
And get on social programs at a great cost to the taxpayers.
They dominate the welfare office. Multiple wives each with children. I have seen it personally several times.
Sad and true.
You mean they take over towns & attempt to force & push people to adopt to their barbaric ways. What community has welcomed them Asshole?
For real........stop ...... stupid
Simply not true.  he has no evidence.  Fake comments
Of course,,,,they did,,, do/// My ancestors did-many LEGAL refugees- that is the POINT here-  enough rhetoric already- not ILLEGAL
Schumer : pandering puppet , his leadership is why his party is dead . No ideas , just hate spewing responsible for GOP shootings God Knows
And commit crimes, terrorism, and drain resources.
Hey chuck how's that working out for Germany and Switzerland and others? You forgot rape and pillage
where are they getting the money to open businesses when many Americans can't?
You can keep them in your town.
They also eat up out taxes and take American jobs
And vote Democrta which is the real reason we want them. We did it in 1986 and we want to do it again. Screw the borders, right Chuckie?
YOUR WITCH HUNT TOOK A SHIT.
Innocent eyes of America is looking at you and your colleagues with hope to save our democracy and future of our healthcare
I did senator! I opened a restaurant and employed 15 people
YOU'RE GETTING SENILE IN YOUR OLD AGE
By murdering us?
1 mill refugees in Germany on welfare already and rising. You're a clown Schumer, unfortunate your constituents can't see you hurt them.
Here is a man that  is living in opulence and under security,while millions of  US citizens  are homeless  and hungry. Demsenators are liars
#katesteinle
that is bullshit and you are aware.
Yes at loan rate unavailable to current US citizens why discriminate against current citizens
Not to mention blow up the citezens in the community they live in.
Half truth
FALSE! Every year LEGAL IMMIGRANTS do what you have stated!  OBSTRUCTIONIST!
And plot to kill us!!
Bullshit.....
I hope one day I can own all the real estate in your neighborhood just 2 rent them to refugees for dirt cheap. See how well they assimilate.
@UoPeople provides #higered to more #refugees than any #university in the world (thanks @FordFoundation) #WithRefugees #RefugeeDay #Syria
Do you have the stats on that chuck? I would like to see the stats you're looking at.
The ratio of refugees coming here vs refugees starting business' is not even comparable..This dudes fishing for votes. We have enough people
READ THIS ABOUT UTICA, NY!
In Ohio, we have towns that are the same way. No more. Fix a place so they are safe over there. Let Islamic countries take them in.
Move them into your gated community
And look at all the money that they make here and send home how is that good for our country
.Lets be balanced chucky.  How many are on the poublic dole.  You are worse that FAKE NEWS
Voter Demographics
#americans first
Being citizens or American citizens?
I wonder why Poland and Japan are refusing refugees? Could it be that their first worry is the safty and livelihoods of their own?
tax payers spend our money not yours to support these people money we don't have civil unrest coming blood will be on your hands
Need to help them build communities in their own countries, the gist of the problem.
and suck up billions of welfare dollars that should be there for veterans
NO MORE #refugees NO MORE NO MORE NO MORE.
Let's hope they are legal
Well take 4 or 5 intto your home Chuck .#WRD2017 #MAGA . And you forgot something, they are tax payer funded.
Clown! Go into bronx and Brooklyn to muslim no go zones. They won't assimilate.they drove out all other business.jerk
"Refugees" ??? Really?  Sounds like more buffalo chips!
If they are in OUR country legally, fine, I wish them well. If they are here illegally, get the hell out. Now!
And commit crimes, rape our women, and  come here illegally... #yourintelligenceislacking
I agree.
Go to muslim no go zones in bronx n Brooklyn. They have driven out all other businesses they refuse to assimilate.
What do they bring with them to this country us the American people Supply them with all that opportunity and money
They should enter the US legally not illegally
Um, Jack, refugees who come to this country are coming LEGALLY, or they would not have refugee status. Smh.
Hope so
My parents were refugees. Ran businesses and raised highly successful professionals and paid a lot of taxes.
99% of these businesses are subsidized.
That means taxpayers help them open them.

Straight up help from the gov or low interest loans.
Yes legally - tricky of you as usual
Go to Dearborn.
So do Americans and without taxpayer money
Reading through these comments you are in the minority Chuckles which is where you'll stay
Is that true or did you hear it on CNN?

We have to oust every single one. A work in progress for a couples years and we are close to ending them. NEVER Blue controlled again. 
We don't need any more convenient stores, Mexican restaurants or sleazy motels chuck
Chuckles - are they refugees now or still illegal immigrants??
As long as they aren't trying to kill us!
Ask MN about Somalians and how they have taken over and ruined a great state.
Leave #refugees in their home country please!
#MAGA
Refugees can't stay. That's why they're refugees.
Wish that was true
States give them drivers licenses, $$ & voting rights under guise of refugee.
Time to take care of our own homeless
We have more than enough resources to take care of vets, homeless, sick, addicted, and refugees. Some of us just lack the will.
Are you speaking of UNHCR when you reference refugees? If so you probably know who also is involved with the workings of it. Ur buddy, Soros
Hey chuckles. Why don't these people have to follow the laws like we do? I guess the laws only apply to the white working class.
Refugees are not immigrants.
we need ti welcome anyone who wants to come except those that want to export their culture of hate, murder, & intolerance.
But senator the majority live on welfare.
I thought the democrat mantra was that no pathway to citizenship exists?  Which one is it?

As long as they are properly vetted.  Otherwise send them to your home town Chuck.
America will be fine without #refugees
What's your point? If they can be vetted fine if not they can stay in your state. Preferably in your mansion
Yes Chuck I agree but we must make sure they want to assimilate not isolate! That is the problem in France
Your hometown(s) are awesome, welcoming refugees!!!!
With government funding that you give them not American citizens
chuckie, these refugees have a country, they should stay in it. taking all our jobs & we give them more than homeless vets & Americans
it's easy to spew crap, chuckie lives off the govt dime
Yes this really seems to have worked quite well for some nations in the EU.  Only in the mind of Democrats.
Legal ones not  illegals ones Chuck get it right
We're fighting for them also. know All Ppl's have Rights, & deserve That Dream!! 2018 goes Blue! 2020 Blue Again! 
So do Americans, did you receive free money to start your own business?
Hey dummy nobody is worried about refugees coming to America to chase the same dreams we do, it's the ones who come here to harm us we fear
And suck every government free program they can. Money they make is sent back to their home country to their families.
Ride on
Only if they follow the laws. By remaining illegal, they have violated the rules and need to be removed. If my Grandparents did it, they can
Looks like Alice drank the Trumpistan kool-aid.
You're absolutely ignorant about Islam.When you've read the Quran and learned Arabic. Then you can comment. Ignorance kills.
