LIVE at 10, @SenateDems & @HouseDemocrats stand together to protect #Dreamers, defend #DACA. Tune in: 
http://goo.gl/i1T93B  
what they stand for is illegal aliens, God forbid they represent the American citizen. They need to add a laugh track!!!!

Go ahead. Not going to make it.
Pathetic leadership
democratic are idiots
Who would watch #demagogs #obstructionists #schumerthe clown NEVER! #trumptrain 
You lost the election Chuckie; sit down, shut up and go to bed!
What's up chuck? Your old boss the anointed one really screwed you guys by acting like a king and making his own laws .now deal with it
If Dems wanted to protect them thenthey would have worked with Reps on comprehensive immigration reform.But you and others just like to talk
all libs want is to support the world, even if loose our sovereignty as a nation. Debt means nothing to them!!!
To protect them it is and has been THEM who pass laws not any POTUS. Why didn't they fix it when in control?BECAUSE OF POLITICS!
We don't want to watch your lying rethoric
So a bunch of old commies will defend illegal aliens and policies.
Do you understand that DACA was an illegal order signed by Barack Obama to cast himself in a Godlike light to all of you brainless vermin?
Actually you do understand it! I've just seen a video of you SAYING SO! 
You're a liar, a phony, and a party-mad con artist.
Make it clear the wall funding and DACA are two separate issues. Vote on them separately as well as Hurricane Funding.
I agree but you don't know how these people work.
You realize that you are supporting breaking laws.  Harvard wants the degree back.
IT'S AMAZING SCHUMER DOESN'T CARE ABT LAW OR CONSTITUTION. I'M ASHAMED THT HE REPS NY & DEM PARTY.
All talk and no action   How long have you been in the Senate? Please resign

شكرا جزيلا
It's about time you wanted to work with the President.Or is this just a ploy to vote NO on everything he wants to work for?????/
Against your wishes? You said it was illegal and "wrong." Why are you lying to the people now, Schumer? Do you have an ounce of integrity?
Please go away! Lay down and shutup! #Fakenews #schumertheclown #trumptrain
Can't watch or listen to this moron because I always feel compelled to beat the out of something when I do.
But that's the problem; you DON'T stand together with them.  https://twitter.com/DropThe_Mic/status/904861070690586624/video/1 …. Why are you confusing them.
Do your job congress and pass a law! Obama acting as King and making a shadow deal for illegals was illegal him to do! That's congresses job
The usual political grandstanding/ shut you and do your Jobs for a change
Thank you for your wise representation! #DREAMers
Chuck would rather cry "sue" then actually put in some work. time to vote this bum out
Haa so many things to worry about and this is what you dumbasses care about... how bout you go to Texas they can use a hand or maybe Chicago
I think when Congestion can't get things done, dock their pay each time they fail. Maybe they would start acting like adults.
It's time for you schmucks to sthu and sit down and do your job. Draft a bill instead of bellyaching. Do your job!

Talk about a waste of time you know how to do that why don't you go to work and solve some problems for a change!
You are the biggest liar in the Senate. Here you are reversing yourself on the refugee matter.
Explain why you have reversed yourself, once again. You were AGAINST illegal immigration.
Illegals are criminals If you wanted to keep them the (senate) which yr part of voted down protecting them by law and now u act like u care
DACA is in the hands of congress where it should've been all along. Dems+Repubs must work together to pass law. Will they rise to challenge?
If you were smart (you aren't) you would call Trumps bluff and fund a wall (peanuts) so we can get serious about immigration reform.
Thank you!!  Pls make these people safe in our country.  You will keep my vote by fighting hate, racism and TRUMP!  Jail 4 him & Family
You just want cheap labor! Democrats acting like they care...please.
As always, lots of crying ,lots of blame yet @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats still not doing anything to make a legal solution.  #GetToWork
My bet, u will not get anything done and u will blame ur failure on GOP. U ppl are pitiful.
Get to work!!  Fund the wall.  Stop be incentives to break the law.   Do your job!!!
Oh Chuckles..You forgot about 'the zillions will die!...Gramma will go off the cliff!...billions of families will be split!...come on Chuck!
Don't you have some work to do? Get off the mic and get to work.
Umm he is acting out of transparency & informing the public of Congress intentions.  I know it's a foreign subject for Trump & followers.
To hear blah blah blah Trump blah blah blah evil blah blah blah we care more about illegals than Americans blah blah blah blah blah
Then build a wall and save the dreamers get off the camera and quit talking we hate lipservice
Like you stood together when you had control of the House and Senate under @BarackObama ? Stand together like that?  Can I get #faketears
Thank you Senators and Representatives. A law shouldn't be thrown out JUST because of dislike for the PERSON who made it.
Get off the air waves and do your job Schumer ! Enough rhetoric.... 6 months, NO EXCUSES !!'
Now go get the majority of congress to stand with you. Quit making this us versus them. The two party system is a fraud. Country b4 party
Romper room re-runs? Maybe you'll use DACA for an excuse to panhandle for $ again. Don't forget the ph# hanging from your podeum.
I just watched a video with you stating just the opposite of supporting DACA. DACA is UNCONSTITUTIONAL and was temporary. STOP DACA!
Why not just have the house legislate , make a good law and put it to rest. Streamline things.
Trump is an Absurdity !
And why is that? When Obama violated our Constitution putting DACA into affect? DACA is Unconstitutional. Trump is upholding our Laws.
Obama placed it in the hands of the congress and they dropped the ball by obstructing everything because they are racists, white supremacist
If you had created laws regarding #DACA instead of a Presidential edict, they wouldn't be in this mess.  Congress makes laws, not Presidents
#USA wants help for #Dreamers. #Law should've been enacted yrs ago. Don't blame @POTUS. #Congress didn't do job. Do it now. slam dunk.#DACA
DACA is Unconstitutional and against our Laws. Trump is doing his job by going by our Constitution and our Laws. Obama violated our Laws.
Democrat political dudes are brain-dead.   If it wasn't for "talking points" crafted by focus group interviews, they wouldn't have anything.
Obama created this mess. How many years did you have to do something YET NOTHING!  Trump is making you work for a change!
Go too work
To work
Try doing your job for the American people tax reform healthcare and build that wall it's time for Democrats to be voted out
You do realize republicans have the majority right? Keep blaming democrats tho
How about defending the constitution, that you took an oath to?
Trump did the right thing by placing DACAs future back in the hands of Congress. Stop grandstanding and get back to work!
I wouldn't place anything in Congress's hands, since they do nothing for America. They choose illegals over the American citizen.
Say it right, senate DEMONcrats protecting illegals!
YOU WERE SENT TO DC TO PASS BILLS NOT REPRESENT ILLEGAL CRIMINALS..
DO YOUR JOB FOR THE LEGAL CITIZENS WHO ELECTED YOU.. OR BE VOTED OUT.
Are you going to cry about how Obama tried to bypass the Constitution and Congress by ruling with the almighty pen and phone?
this must be handled wth compassion, by congress before tax reform
Hell no! Americans come 1st from now on. Tired of taking a back seat yet paying out my nose!
Better talk about dealing w DACA!
