Thank goodness!! #howtheacasavedmylife Refresher on Essential Benefits - Slavitt, former Acting Admin.of Centers 4 Medicare & Medicaid Svcs.

Free market competition will drop the prices. Let the system work.
U will select what coverage U want! Like auto insurance. We must get rid of illegals, cheats & fraud & save $. Schumer & Pelousy R liars!
@NancyPelosi The government can pick and choose also.  Look at little baby Charlie.  Do u want that for ur precious daughter?
When are you doing the corresponding story on how many lives #ObamaCrapCare has ruined?
Why can't we work together let's fix and repair aca
Why couldnt you be bothered to do this when the issues were first brought up, while Dems had majority in House/Senate/POTUS?
How about a not for profit single payer system @nancypelosi? Like the rest of the modern world has.
who will pay? 51% of Americans pay nothing in taxes, I guess if we eliminated earned income tax credit
and that 51% didn't get a refund at tax time we would still need to raise taxes, 100% of Americans
would get a smaller paycheck every week and none would get a refund, that would almost cover it
DEMOCRAP LIAR AND HYPOCRITE.
@SenSchumer or.... She could have more choices and better care, more say in which hospital, treatment and Dr.
This Is What Obamacare Does To The Insurance Companies
Nancy acts like she's not part of the problem when she is the problem! Keep doing nothing!
Alex Jones: The Stakes Have Never Been Higher! Powerful 4th of July Message http://www.infowars.com/alex-jones-the-stakes-have-never-been-higher-powerful-4th-of-july-message/ … via @realalexjones
Healthcare for profit is imoral
Oh boy
Stop giving our money to different country's and take care of our own! Dammit.
No let customers pick amd choose
Doesn't look like Repugs have no power even though they control all houses...
just simple majority, super majority in 2018
Tell those people in blue states
Yep Obamacare was written by insurance corps to profit insurance corps and crooked democrat politicians. Scandal Pelosi should b imprisoned
U know that only individual plans have major issues, and that's less than 10% of all plans... get a clue ppl.
Repeal Obamacare nobody can afford the deductible and co insurance
Until you need it then you take it from the rest of us who have paid  our fair share. You should pay your fair share too
@NancyPelosi
All our children, parents,  loved ones are at risk.
Yes she could, but, will she? Big question to the left. The longer the left sits on their hands the longer kids are at risk.
What's Addie going to do when ObamaCare implodes?  Eventually this country will run out of other people's money to cover these benefits.
Which is why we need Gov't out of our medical care decisions.
Hun.  If all the money wasnt given to other countries.  Billions of dollars could have helped her.  Now theres a big mess to clean up.
You have to pass it to see what's in it remember  those words Nancy remember how it was passed Nancy
FAKE NEWS PROPAGANDA
I don't care about Addie I don't care about anyone but me my wife and my kids thanks to Oblooper that's a mess and Addie isn't helping me
More children propaganda Nancy.
I want a total repeal with no replacement, I had the best insurance ever until the great messiah Oblooper wrecked it now its a friggin mess
When insurance companies are leaving states ... then ehat? You put coverage requirements on insurance companies, so blame States? Shifty.
When Democrats pick and choose what benefits are covered by insurance companies, we can't afford our insurance AT ALL!
Omg, my grand daughters name is Addie who doesnt have major health needs.So I support all the Addies-Tamikas-Marias and children of the worl
Well I don't want to do that.  So why do I have to pay for them?
No you will be able to pay the price with cheaper health care.
So truenancy. Where are you on Obamacare  this week?
Sounds like obama care That's what u passes without reading a word HYPOCRITE America vote out all Dems in 2018 Need new people that care
#charliefight is what happens
More propaganda! Lots of sad stories what abt the millions that can't use insurance bc of deductibles.
Why have insurance companies to take off millions in profits?   Have a single payer plan based on Medicare and lower everyone's rate
Trump is trying to save healthcare for America  and OBSTRUCTIONIST democrats dont care about regular people!
DO YOU REALLY BELIEVE THAT??
May lose if obamacare stays. Going belly up everywhere!
Now Nancy...stop the propaganda you know better than to specify fallacies.  Most states only have 1 provider and its the plan that says no
Because of dem complaints about emoluments take a look at how much $$ is lost by Eric Trump not being allowed to continue with ST Jude's
@POTUS Do you give a crap about kids like this, or only ones in UK that make a point against insurance for all? @WhiteHouseHypocrite
Health care should be a basic human right like it is in every other country in the world...  But USA....  is just greedy, greedy greedy!!!
How about these uniquely American rights: to possess deadly force, freedom of speech, the right to care as I choose for more child?
My child...
Let's hope the new healthcare will be in place so you may continue the medicine. God bless. Nancy please don't obstruct this child's future!
And when the government chooses your benefits, then a child like #CharlieGard DOES pay the price ... alone ... and without his parents.
Words like "could", "may", "might" are used for innuendo for political gain. Leftists prefer theses words. You have #NoCredibility.
Just REPEAL!
Idiot Pelosi = Did Not Read The ACA And Now People Are Dying!!
ACA let states pick & choose by not expanding Medicaid. Ask Rick Scott if we get much in FL. GIVE US WHAT CONGRESS HAS-SAME healthcare WTF?
Amy, if u need health insurance 4 ur kid, b/c u dont have employer offerd ins, u will still have it! and likely pay less in premiums!1/2..
If Gov gets out of the way, small business and ins co will create competitive pricing! Health insurance IS NOT HEALTHCARE! ALSO, Nanci lies
You suck Pelosi, step down.

Ok but how do people loose when they get to pick and choose what to cover and whether or not they want coverage?
This is an argument for getting government out of healthcare.
Both parties are evil. They use fear with the medias help to get votes. Why is it made to be such a game to hold over people's heads
We need term limits
We have been paying the price for your pathetic leadership for http://years.GOP  win for sure in 2018
Lies!! STOP lying Pelosi
Why is Adele's Healthcare the states problem? Simple answer: it's not. Charity is not taxation.

The kids always pay the price.
It is not the insurance co that picks benefits it is the buyer of the policy they pick what they want to receive, but leave to lying Chucky
"COULD" is far from a FACT
Government doesn't havetheright to forcedoctors and insur.toprovidemedical services.Doctors and ins. companies are not property of the State
I hope you and Addie have always peace and love and health.
...and understanding that Democrat false claims and using of you means they dont truly care.
Eliminate the state lines for coverage. Let people buy the insurance plans they choose. The same way we buy everything else. Competition!
So it's fair for every one to pick up tab?
When big pharma is in the pocket of politicians they could as well.
The biggest part is big pharma the president promised to reel the in and has done nothing I'd say he's filling the swamp

The Washington swamp, both Dems and rep, does not care about healthcare. They r drunk with power and the control of your $
@SenSchumer  When you need to obstruct a plan, he's your guy, Just make sure the 30 pieces of silver is ready for his pocket.
Chuckie Scare Tactics ! With paid actors , read the Bill and get a good night sleep !
Has to be a better way that this.
No to this redmap ALEC piece of corporate garage
