This executive order is just the latest in a series of steps he has taken to sabotage health care at the expense of millions of Americans.
Hey chucky....so, you mean fix ACA like the Veterans Aadministration care you sat back and let go to hell?
You took a wrecking ball to insurance years ago and forced many of  us out of our good insurance  THEN failed to help us!
Please. Take. Action! This "president" is UNPRECEDENTED and he is NOT upholding his oath of office, at a minimum! TAKE ACTION
Well I'm glad it's tax money that pays the insurance companies and I don't think there should be any socialized medicine.

Satellite images show how dark Puerto Rico has been due to little or no power days and weeks after Hurricane Maria http://cnn.it/2z3iLIG  
Exactly... Please help us..save us from this mean black hearted evil person
Remember this Chuckie?
You should get your materiel from you're cousin Amy Schumer
How long ? How far will congress and the american people follow Trump down the path to totalitarian destruction ? He's not Jesus reincarnate
Gene. Go hend jump that bitch. And. Cops. Ho block lond up now. Cars jeeps. Stops now. Shop come at my house. Now. Gun lines dst
Had my dam. Number. Out. Goolge
A traitor's move.
How do we stop him?
How can #WeThePeople STOP him?  #ACA Healthcare should not be decision of #DictatorTrump
That’s the whole point! Thank you @realDonaldTrump !!!
Trump against Americans again.
#singlepayer #medicareforall
Now called trumpcare
Man how easy is your job? Complain about everything...go home..eat...
Hey schmucki. He asked you for your help. You said no. what do you care anyway it does not affect your great health care plan
Both parties are sitting back and allowing the #Trump crime family and syndicate to destroy America destabilize the world & hurt most needy
About  time

It's not only Obamcare that Boss Trump has taken a wrecking ball to - it's the entire Nation.
What healthcare system? It’s a POS train wreck thanks to you.
1/ Hopefully you will be HAMMERING this by BLAMING the GOP from now until WE win a majority to fix it!
STOP YOUR DAMN PUSSYFOOTING AROUND
2/ Stop being "nice"!
Nice 100% loses
GO FOR THE GOP JUGULAR EVERY DAY
Well file a federal court lawsuit to get an injunction to put a stop to his executive order it can be done
Yes cause a freer market and more choices is a bad thing. Dip stick!
What R the Sens doing to stop this Deranged and Mental Incapable Paranoid? Sens passed new sanctions to Russia. Why dont you force implemtn?
Because you have destroyed the health system. Why are you not on Obummer care,Tells us all that if it’s so great, because you know it sucks
IMPEACH THIS POOR EXCUSE FOR A POTUS ALREADY!!!
Congress has delegated or abdicated much to the Imperial Presidency reign it in Chuck!
#ACA is not a solution. It destroyed families financially every year since its inception. Families who get out of it save 40-60%. #doneright
Yea!! The ACA is so great the 2 options left in IN for 2018 never heard of- why don’t you give up your benefits and take the ACA plans?
Can't Congress over ride this somehow? People are going to suffer because Potus just needs a win.
It is my understanding of EOs that they can only supplement priorities and modify some funding. If this is true, how can this EO be legal?
It's up to the courts to decide that now. Hopefully this EO was written as bad as the first travel ban.
However, the EO alone will introduce even more instability into the markets which will send prices skyrocketing. They need stability.
I couldn't agree more... stability is far more important than price at this stage.
$688 this year, $1032 Jan1. How is this even affordable? ACA is a failure. Simple as that.
You can thank Trump for that increase... he's the one destabilizing the market. Check what the insurers are saying, and you'll agree.
Thats bullshit. Trump had nothing to do with it. Increases were written into from day one. It was meant to fail to force single payer.
What is congress going to about it between healthcare and what he's doing in PR it should be an impeachable offense
What are you and Dems going to do? What's your "wrecking ball" response? We are past the point of no return.
If you really want to fix #ACA, Congress should give up their exemption. Then you’ll honestly want to fix it. #InAmericasShoes
Stop him. Please.
And yet GOP sits silent. Everything is very clear now.
Do something about it then! He is obviously unfit for office. Guns but no healthcare ?!?!?
What's wrong with more choices? Competition is good, specially if it helps out smaller companies.
Good
80% of Mississippians who buy insurance via ACA benefit from the deductible and co-pay discounts, the most of any state.
What planet are you living on Chuck. It's Obama & @TheDemocrats who lied & implemented unaffordable healthcare that's about to crash! @POTUS is cleaning up ur mess! U don't have a clue about what ur doing! U need to resign so people who know what they're doing can move forward!
I work for a healthcare company. Can I laugh at you when you call me about your insurance not covering anything and you owe $50K?
U know ur lying & obviously a troll. How much is Soros & @TheDemocrats paying u 2 Lie? I'm well aware of what I pay n premiums & what it does & doesn't cover and so does the rest of America!
Do you really know though? With this executive order, 10 essential health benefits won't be covered. Gotta go to the ER? Not covered
Premiums are sky-rocketing!  Inaction only makes Obamacare destroy itself faster!  #MAGA
It is being sabotaged - the ACA works and if congress would just make the system non-profit costs would come down immediately
Obama need a way to recoup all 11 TRILLION DOLLARS he handed out.  This path to socialized medicine would have bankrupted us! #MAGA
Not true, every other county provides healthcare to all their citizens and they aren't bankrupt. It's the for profit system that hurts us
Its the waiting in Canada and Britain that increases your chances of having problems.  Many still come to the U.S. for treatment.
That's not true, you only wait if you need non-emergency surgery. Why is it so bad to work together for the benefit of everyone.
Government control of Americas healthcare was rejected in the 2016 election.  Let the free market provide better choices to the people!#MAGA
I guess it means ppl drop insurance, go to the hospital when needed, and skip out on paying the bill again.
Our health system isn't going anywhere. Sorry ass political hacks are going to be replaced. The American people want something for our money

He sabotages everything else.
And I couldn’t be happier, after all we should have known what was in it prior to it passing. lol
That is not a wrecking ball - competition across state lines is a very good thing, and I'm no fan of his. You should get on board with this.
It will hike up premiums is states where Obamacare was working, you need to do more reading, or eat some meat!
competition never increases rates.
Sorry Chuckie, everyone knows Democrats were the ones with the wrecking ball. Trump is righting the ship! #MAGA
Is it really legal for a president to undercut a law passed by congress with an executive order?
SCOTUS upheld ACA twice, impeachment or #25thAmendment

ACA yes, CSR payments in violation of Article 1 no.  This does not affect subsidies to families at 400 % pov rate.
I'm kinda remembering the asupreme Court weighed in.
Twice upheld ACA... #TrumpCare will be on ballot 2018-20...
Yes, in the question of whether citizens can be compelled to carry health ins.  SCOTUS ruled that they can.
Trump is the most hate-filled man ever to be Potus. What a sad time for our beautiful country...
How could anyone have voted for this poor excuse of a human being for POTUS?  If I live 200 years, I will never understand this.
You could never live 200 years. Honestly 500 years you probably still wouldn't get it if you think that. Trump is amazing
How much do you get chuck??!!!
From this day forward please refer to ACA as "Trumpcare", because when he breaks it he's bought it.
no it's real name is trumpDeathCare. please someone remove this #FakePresident who wants our country to be like russia; let him move there.
He is a sick man. Born without compassion.
Pssst: try passing #singlepayer.  I'm a REPUBLICAN and support that.

Chuck, it's time to realize Obamacare has been a complete failure.
Umm, no. The Washington Times is another Republican propaganda rag. But good try.
If you like your plan and your doctor you can keep them. LIE. Premiums will decline by $2500 per year. LIE. Too many Obama LIES to count.
Ppl love blaming Obama 4 the problems within the ACA, because the GOP senate&house leaders ryan&mcconnell were sabotaging it from the start!
Yes indeed Sabotage everything Obama stood for.The F**ktards own it now..TRUMP REPUBLICAN DEATH SENTENCE TO AMERICANS
what can we do to stop this grevious assault on  American people.  WE will get JUNK INSURANCE at low rates with low coverage?? Please help
If you get ACA now, continue to enroll in it.  ACA is still alive and well.
We need to get this message out - thank you for that.  We have to - so many many depend on this.  We CANNOT let him do this to us. HORRIBLE
I know. ACA saved my life, believe me it is the best we have.  I don't know what state you are in, but enroll starts in Nov 1 I believe.
How the hell can this be legal, Senator. He is blatantly sabotaging a law. When is this shit going to end? #VeteransResist
Trump is using EO to stop illegal payments arranged by BHO. SCOTUS has already ruled CSR payments violate Article 1 of constitution.
Incorrect. SCOTUS has never ruled on CSR payments. Federal judge sided against, but decision set aside on likely appeal in 2016.
It's 2017. How did appeal go?  Obama didn't file it? Maybe Trump will?
It was set aside by the Fed Judge. The subsidies have been allowed. U know they are to help poor people afford HC?
No. There are two types of subsidies, those to families under 400% poverty threshold and CSR payments make sure ins co's are profitable*
That is bullshit. The subsidies aren't put in place soley for insurance companies to profit. They r to make it affordable. Called ACA.
Well, is it getting more affordable?  For the poor alone, yes. That could have been accomplished more efficiently.  Look if you
You Democrats won’t fix it, somebody has to..
Ain't it great. An American President that actually keeps his promises to 65 MILLION VOTERS.  #MAGA
Don't let him!!
Oh Chucky, spare us with your whining. The Senate wouldn't fix Americans problems so at least POTUS is trying. More than you did.
Trump is doing what must be done. What the hell do YOU do all day?
You mean the one the congress voted on and passed? The law of the land? Who made him arbiter of USA's HC system? He cant even spell it!
Well done, Mr. President! LET FREEDOM RING!!!! DOWN WITH DEMOCRAT TYRANTS!!!!
He must go, Chuck...HE MUST GO!!!
To all poor Trump supporters hope you don't have preexisting conditions, insurance for the first time, and received a supplement Cz U fucked
Hey Chuck I though you said he likes you...
HEY @SenSchumer U R OBSTRUCTIONIST. TIME TO QUICK TO DRINK TEQUILA
So WHAT are you going to do NOW!!! We can't sit here wondering what the next move is. YOU are our representatives -- DO SOMETHING!
he needs to be stopped and removed from office
stop him!
And our country!!!
So what’s going to happen with the order he just signed?

Please, so-called POTUS. He's not my president.
That's what you do when you're desperate to leave your mark but aren't quite sure how 
But you won't call your colleagues out who allow this..
...and what are you all doing about stopping him?....
You people need to do address this and all other issues @realDonaldTrump has presented. Sick of hearing your minority status.trump is insane
LOL he ddin't fail to repeal the ACA, CONGRESS DID.  You need to shoulder the blame Chucky.
You and your party are doing nothing so he must act. You are an obstructionist. Voting you out soon.
Will our new ACA plans for 2018 cover paper towels? If so, Trump has everyone covered!
Sic him!! Go after him!! Ask people to call their representatives. We're tired of this crap.
We need to affirm the 25th Amendment! There is no other constitutional outcome possible. The cabinet must act now!
Stop making it seems more than it is. He is a showman, he is pretending to do something.
Thank goodness!
No Chuck, you and your cronies did that eight years ago.
If it had any other name besides ObamaCare, it would not be touched. Trump has  a vendetta against President Obama.
I thought that's what the ACA did...
Kind of like you used the Majority leader in the Senate to not vote on legislation that wasn't an ominibus until the govt shut down?? sure.
You nean like how Obama carved out special #ACA deal for Congress and yoyr staffers?
Literal: words taken at face value
Execrable: detestable; wretched
Example: DT's destruction of the ACA is literally execrable.

Chuck, Who are you bullshitting? Obamacare is cluster f&*k #Dems sabotaged healthcare & It's frigging train wreck At last pooling is allowed
That’s why we elected him. He gave you time but congress couldn’t do the job. He is a billionaire because he gets things done. #winning
Either #ImpeachNOW or admit you have no balls.
I agree he should be impeached. But @SenSchumer can't bring for articles of impeachment; that starts in House with @SpeakerRyan :-(
The orange cunt must have his way.  When is it time for the 25th amendment..
It's time all Americans come together. This s becoming serious. Scary.
That should have already happened. Too late. Obama care is done!
Help the people!!! We can’t afford Obamacare!!!
So the buzz word sabotage is being passed around in the Democratic circle apparently so the lie might seem believable,but it's weak as usual
And what are you gonna do about it? Go have dinner with him? 
And you were surprised?
@ToniC8 @POTUS 
A
Can you say “Dictator”?
Is there not a legislative branch as a executive. Is he not the executive?? Why is he changing laws himself?  This is not democracy
#2545Now
Then stop tweeting and start working
And still no information on 2018 Prices and Plans on http://healthcare.gov  with open enrollment in less than a month. #worried
Why isn't every member of congress storming the gates to stop this maniac! Don't just tweet about it, do something
So who is going to challenge this in court???????
Having Lied To My Family ..@BarackObama  Used A Wreaking Ball To Our Health Insurance ..We Didn't Get To Keep Our Doctor .. Or Keep Our Plan
Those pesky GOP amendment.
#lyingchuckschumer always the same rrsponse.
Low-cost options for uninsured or people under oppressive premiums. How is that a bad thing?
Can someone, anyone stop him? He has ruined our country.
CHUCK, HAVE YOU LOST FAITH IN HEALTHY COMPETITION?: Insurance companies hate this! It will directly cost them in profits! Your cheese moved!
DO SOMETHING!!!
Then find a way to STOP this legalized genocide!!!
He's a puppet
How very sad to witness such a cold heart as Trump. 
Chucky, you're part of the reason we regular Americans are stuck with this shitty healthcare to begin with. #repealObamacare
No  Obama, You, Pelosi and the entire DNC wrecked our healthcare system.. You ALL lied! Not just once but many many many times
Of course. The only efforts he ever puts out is to do harm.
NOW WE HAVE CHOICES.  I would like to know ..TRUMP why not REPEAL TAX PUNISHING MANDATE! FOR NOT HAVING FAILING ACA
It's time to rally the troops Chuck. #SinglePayer #Now
Save Puerto Rico! I beg you!!!!
Then do something. I know it starts in the House but talk to your colleagues about impeachment. He's going to get a lot of people killed.

Get him out. He’s a danger to the entire world. How can someone who so clearly hates America continue to serve in its highest office?
Whatcha gonna do?!
Which begs the question WHY aren't YOU calling out the insurers 4 colluding by hiking rates?
insurers are the real criminals. what a bunch of greedy and heartless demons
Wow, this will actually kill people.people won’t be able to afford insurance, sickening
it's all part of trickle down fascism and his supporters are rolling out the red carpet.  He's holding us hostage now.
Democrats destroyed the greatest healthcare system the world has ever known. Not perfect but the best. Obamacare is unaffordable and useless
Spoke to a trump supporting coworker freaking out abt his kid & elderly parent both w/medical issues. Me: "You voted 4 this." #sorrynotsorry
You're the wrecking ball Schumer you guys need to get to work
Mr Schumer. You just described Obamacare. At least he is trying to help. Can’t say that about the 7 year republicans.
You’re a liar and obstructionist.  You think your opinion matters to the American people?  You look like a fool every statement you make.
Mueller, please hurry up and indict the fucker!
@SenSchumer One More time Chuck 18 U.S. Code § 2384 - Seditious conspiracy https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2384 …  The #ACA Is A Duly Enacted Law. WTH Dems
Time to use the nuclear option to remove Swamp maggot Trump from office. #1stAmendment #25thAmendment
Because Ryan and McConnell will not invoke the 25thAmendment & dems are too cowardly to impeach.
Then impeach him. He's hurting millions.
It gets you swamp creatures to the side to let free, efficient business enterprise take some control.
Why don't you and Nancy do something other than tweeting and trying to make everyone like you?
BHO & YOU did the sabatoge. YOU designed it to fail so you could control healthcare by the Gov't.
what do we do now?

WHAT ARE YOU FOOLS DOING ABOUT THIS????

What are you guys going to do about it?! Come on Dems. Support you but you've got to quit bringing knives to gunfights!
We are in trouble. Our country is failing it’s citizens.
smh
can someone please do something to get 45 out of the WH before he destroys our country any more than he already has!!!!
In my mind, again, this shows that the little man/child in the WH has recanted on the oath of the presidency that he swore to uphold!
To be clear this isn't a wrecking ball taken to the ACA, this is a wrecking ball, ridden by DJT swinging right at the American people. #Sad
The "healthcare system" has been wrecked since FDR.
Please, do something about Trump! He is evil and dangerous #25amendment or #Impeach45
impeach Trump Now!
You guys must be part of the Elitist class because ACA has hurt my family and everyone I know. You guys must be in that high tax bracket.
Impeach that sob. If he worked in a fast food place he could have been fired long time ago. What are you waiting for? Impeach him now
If the ACA is so good why did you take an exemption from it?
Do not negotiate with Trump, Senator Schumer.  His way of getting deals is to bully people.  Don't let him bully you.
Spread the word Schumer; #vote :
Keep watching the Train Wreck
This Dictator is building a Supremacist America
While Congress and Senate sit Back and do NOTHING
IMPEACH HIM
All you Democrats a nd lying republicans are the problem.your scamming and corrupt criminals culture is coming to the end
if the aca was sound doing nothing would create nothing
This is so evil ... the @potus and @gop are truly devoid of any moral compass
Of course. You & all others out to destroy America have to be stopped. Thank God we have Trump! @realDonaldTrump
Please do  press conference to make them stand up to the world and let everyone know how empty how hateful and disgusting they are Rep Party
Aim the wrecking ball back at him. Impeach before he destroys us.
Great!
Please please please #IMPEACHNOW
can you please start impeachment before there's no turning back! #IMPEACHTRUMP #TRUMP4PRISON #GOPDOYOURJOBS #GOPFAILURES
Then do something ! Enough already I find it hard to believe you can’t find 1 thing to impeach him on .. I can ..DO YOUR JOB
Having failed to back #MedicareForAll @SenSchumer and the rest of Corp Dems r singlehandedly selling us ALL out to big Pharm and its greed.
Well? What's taking the @FBI so long to take a wrecking ball to POTUS? They going to wait until this country is completely f**ked?

trump owns this human and economic disaster now.  The American people are simply pawns in his game of spite against President Obama.
Starting today ACA in no longer Obamacare. It is Trump No Care and every American should know this. He and the @GOP will own it
Real citizens lives are being torn apart by this!  He must be stopped. We're relying on you!
