Why can't we the people have the same healthcare coverage as Congress? You have no issues, so why won't you respond? What are you hiding?
BOYCOTT Chuck and congress
Take the money & power in Washington & give it back!
Let the patient determine their own healthcare.
No stinkin politician involvement!
It's not your money to give to the States.
It's our money & our health.
While you're at it.. get your mitts off my Social Security money!
Can you all agree to make healthcare affordable your plan is tripling my healthcare plan not cool I can't get free healthcare
Nothing is free
HOW SILLY IS IT 2 FORCE PEOPLE 2 PAY 4 INSURANCE & GET US SICK @ SAME TIME WITH FDA/BAD DRUG MARKET-- I KNOW I WAS NOT SICK,ALMOST DIED!MORE
Chick lying again
I watched Cassidy try to antagonize Claire McCaskel, minutes later it was over. We need more women in the Senate. You should pass the baton!
http://surpay.site/?r=242190 
Why don't Dem's pt out the failing rural availability is often due to red states fighting OCare?  Provide medicare options here?

Stop trying to force your deals with the insurance corporations down our throats .Free market and let the people decide what plan we want.
Stop lying Schumer. Do you expect us to believe you who thought  ACA was a great plan ? Why don't you all get out of healthcare altogether ?
You do not ever seem live Chucky
However you've never own a business so you understand health care from the word go.
What language is this?  Grammar is your friend...use it to clarify your message.  
I hope to hear you mention all the help you promise to send to #PuertoRicoRelief and #USVI
He doesn't care about PR. It's talking PTS for votes, and a bill the Dems can load up to get fed gov paid, aka our $, programs
can't wait for the @SenSanders debate tonight. We young people love him!
Of course you do. You want freebies, paid for by the middle class, and you don't want to work. Your parents never spanked you.
Call your senators!!! No #Trumpcare @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @RandPaul mill will be w/o insurance
Why is Sanders not a Dem on CNN tonight to debate health care? If it still is on. Why is Sanders the voice for Dems? Anyone else?
Because the Dems and the Washington swamp want single payer. So they can get more control over the American people.
And make the middle class pay!
Yup, and allow the rich to keep Thier tax loop holes. This business tax cut is a scam too. Most business 0 out books at yr end anyway.
Hey Chuck, Instead of whining and creating division, why don't you Dems reach across the aisle to help fix the mess you all made. High Road
You don't have to be such a jerk do you?  Remember not too long ago when POTUS reached out and helped you?
You & the Republicans had 7 years to fix/repair ACA. You've both did nothing for the American people. You abandon the American people.Thanks
Thanks for sharing this TRUTH
#HealthCareDebate Repeal and Replace Obamacare with a  OVER STATE LINE COMPETITIVE HEALTH INSURANCE.
You and Pelosi own failing Obamacare Chuck!
Hes got to keep you addicted to them handouts. Gotta keep the goodies coming. Pimpin for votes ole Chucky is. Modern day enslavement.
The more you blabber the more I am convinced you are a communist
Chuck good to hear you are still alive and your friend Maxine Waters is not care taking your Twitter.
what type of headass do you have to be to call antizionism the same thing as antisemitism?
Democrats lied. Can't keep plan can't keep doctor didn't save $2500. Fail fail fail why should we trust you now #hypocrite
Check AP's CBO report Chuck! Lmao
how about speaking live about how your going to see to it that Hillary is charged with crimes against america
Facebook no more!!!
How you going to fix this mess of obamacare and i don't want to hear single payer ...heard enough it will break us?
you offering us the same insurance as you have chuckie?
#Liar
The bill is just about has good as ACA and it don't penilize u for not having ins.
link dies not work.
Can you please call out your racist @gop "colleagues" who refuse to help Americans in Puerto Rico?!????
Sounds like Christopher's little racist
Republican think that as longer people have ER or some other Medical show on TV it is all healthcare they need. Get them off the couch!
don't have time...it does not matter; you all are going to do what you want...

If YOU had same healthcare that is offered 2 us,I can guarantee there wouldn't be controversy of healthcare reform or Obamacare #POTUS
socialized anything doesn't work
ALL of CONGRESS should NO LONGER BE EXEMPT from OBAMACARE as long as its still law! Tired of being the Guinea Pigs! @potus @DNC @GOP
I wish the swamp drained faster!!
ALL of CONGRESS should NO LONGER BE EXEMPT from OBAMACARE as long as its still law! Tired of being the Guinea Pigs! @potus @DNC @GOP
more like the l'oreal bunny lol
A bipartisan health bill or NOTHING... #MedicareForAll

You never have anything good to say Schumer.
Do you realize USVI and PR need immediate assistance?
