Yr Russian narrative has got really F-- ing old. It's been 6 mos & still no evidence. Get off it. Clapper & Comey both confirm no evidence
How do you know there is nothing there?Why doesn't Trump want his name cleared?
Clapper, Comey, Feinstein all say no evidence of collusion. Why Dem keep insisting? In stead they found evidence of #unmasking
Justin Amash (conservative House Freedom Caucus) supports  creation of independent commission to investigate Russian involvement in election
Americans have serious doubts about your honesty, patriotism and sanity.
Doubts have been cast on @SenSchumer and his ability to not be schizophrenic.
True!  But he is always a jerk and an idiot!!
#Headclown #faketears the biggest disgraceful hypocrite ever!
Oh I guess that why dems unanimously confirmed him you lying hypocrits. @potus @TEN_GOP
If he doesn't agree with you, even though being impartial , he is considered impartial.

Fire or impeach all the #Clowns & 4 sure Vote'em Out in 2018/2020!! They r impeding our Health Care, Tax & Infrastructure (Jobs). #Foxnews
They are hurting America, I agree.
BULL SHIT. Rosenstein was confirmed 94-6 bipartisan support only 2 weeks ago. A 30yrs career in FBI. 
Democrats is a disgrace
Schumer must go. He is impartial,a lier & a fake. He must resign .He must resign.
2THINGS CORRUPT GOV HAS KEEP HIDDEN FROM YOU!
1. 90% would love Congress to Polygraph
2. 90%will vote 4guy who will DO IT!
@ru_honest1
shut up and find out what Obama crimes were and expose them!
Fast and Furious. IRS Conservative group delays. Benghazi gun running. Murder of Libyan president for money. Murder of Yemeni children.
GOD! I THINK CUCK SCHUMER HAS A DOPPLEGANGER IN THE CLOSET. YES ON MONDAY NO ON TUESDAY. HE JUST FORGETS WHICH IS WHICH HALF THE TIME
Rosenstein was an Obama appointee confirmed by Senate 96-4. If he wasn't impartial, why was he confirmed?
You are SO obvious,SO blatant. You're consumed with taking down this president & you don't give a damn about the people of NY! #NOTMYSENATOR
There is only one presidential nominee that colluded with the Russians; @hilaryclinton

You think there loyalty to Obama it's nothing compared to what people will do for the Clintons! Even Obama
Are you joking all the sudden he's bad before he was in you all loved him about a month ago
But you voted for him...so what does that make You? He worked for Obama, bush, CLINTON, and you voted for him multiple times
Schumer, how many times are you going to switch back and forth on Comey?We are all laughing,u have to make up your mind,whats wrong with U?
I totally agree. Get them out of our government now.
I agree Schumer needs to go
All the #Clowns need 2 go, they're impeding progress 4 Political Gain!!
Rosenstein was pressured and caved IMO. If so, he should take an example from late AG Elliot Lee Richardson. Resign
Cousin Elliot lee Richardson
Blah blah blah Get over it
There you go, I'm calling all #DNC officials #Clowns! Vote'em Out in 2018/202!!
The pot calling the kettle black. You've been partisan from day 1, you hypocrite! Got news for you, you have zero credibility.

Nah - he'll get millions in payments from the Clinton News Network. He covered for her well enough to earn that as a pension.
He just loves voting for people and then throw them under the bus when they don't give him his way
Ah, an Obama Appointee that you voted for 2b Dep. AG, calls to fire Comey.  You Democrats need serious mental help!
The guy who got 94 to 6 that odor you smell is the crap your trying to pull
Lukoil $.When I showed Russia pres a Krispy Kreme donut,he ate it, said it was good, that was1 of more surreal moments I've had in politics.
thank you Senator for representing NY! #resist #DumpTrump
Jeff Sessions needs to be gone. He is a hateful creature with way too much power. I believe he is up to his neck in Trump's activities.OUT
If #45 appointed him . . .
What a shocking statement from a Dem political hack, NOT.
did you not call for Comey's firing in the past? Did you not say you lost faith in Comey?
did you send a detail letter requesting Susan Rice to testify ?
Mr. Rosenstein AND Mr. McCabe from earlier impede effort re NYT news to WH & acting for WH to quash w/Burr & Nunes
You are looking silly. Few ppl believe u any more.
Hypocrite!!!!!!!!!!

Blah blah blah
So you had faith in him when you voted for him, but don't like his decision in this situation..  Fickle Hypocrite ..
Hey Chuckie, is it a flip or a flop day today?
Chuckie you can't have it both ways. Knock off your nonsense grow up and get a clue start working for the American people.
The democratic have committed the crimes and never see jail time   Shut it down and we will laugh. We actually tired of the bs
Drain the swamp
Go ahead shut down the GOVERNMent , it not going to hurt us it will hurt the democrats .do it the whole government is corrupt
No special prosecutor! Stop wasting taxpayer money ! Get on with what the common man needs healthcare jobs security! No Russian connection
You,Democrats spend more time bitching,moaning,pointing fingers at everyone else making excuses
...nothing ever gets done! America is sick of all this politicizing and BS! Get to work on real issues! Stop the infighting and get to work
This Russian conspiracy is a farce.  Susan Rice illegally spied on Trump Tower 4 an entire year W/O a hint of collusion.  Clapper said no 2
Keep up the pressure on the deputy attorney general to appoint an independent special prosecutor to investigate Trump collusion with Russia.
Pathetic liberals still can't accept loss.  They threw 1 billion @ Hillary's campaign & lost.  Now they stick out tongue & foot 2 obstruct
Amazing why NBC , CBS, ABC, and CNN haven't covered ,fox posted his go fund me page
The illegal was deported fifteen times ,,he in critical condition and obamacare doesn't cover ,pls go to go fund me page for contributions
Opposite of your words just a couple of weeks ago. Hypocrite! Need to vote out the Democrats in 2018. They are hurting this country. No more
Did you hear of a boy named Lennox ? He about five , in critical condition, struck by an illegal who was drinking and driving .
Where is your impartiality
Dems have been complaining for months & months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!
Hey Chuck are you seriously this brain dead? One minute you hate Comey. But when he's on your side he's you best friend. Get it straight!!
Dem's including Hypocrite  #ChuckSchumer wanted Comey http://out.Now  r going nuts  cuz he was fired. Sure reason includes an o but
Only because he is doing something you don't like. #maga #snowflakes #LiberalLogic
You partisan ah:  you r not President & never could be: go back in your hole: we r tired of your unreasoble bs:  idiot!


The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!
#DrainTheSwamp 
Thousands of protesters gather outside Chuck Schumer's apartment
http://nyp.st/2jsN5JK 
Self imploding Chuck Schemer
Tell us @chuckschumer, can you name a single Russian, just one, who colluded with Donald Trump and his campaign? Just give us one. 

Waiting
To counter your paid military wing Antifa we will be forming Antischum.
Chuck why do you insist on continually beating a dead horse your embarrassing your self and what's left of your party Enough is enough! MAGA

God bless Trump for firing traitor Comey.
Ur still around capital hill?  Don't you understand we the people don't want you anymore!!  Do us all a favor and leave.
Hey Chuck chuck defender of Obamacare that it is collapsed we don't hear you talking about your favorite program Obama care how many faces
Amazing yet Dems/libs praised I the past. WTF is ur problem u f'ing hypocrites?
You're one seriously conflicted guy Chuckles!  Rosenstein's man of conviction & principle. Maybe time you took good hard look at yours?
Could Citizens United allow foreign interests to anonymously fund US elections and candidates?
You hypocrite! 1st you said Rosenstein should appoint, then not. Can't make up your mind? Typical Dems/libs. Take your mouth & go home!
Lavrov, Kislyak, & Trump laughed because
Putin's plan to destroy American culture was working
x SCOTUS
xObamacare
xFBI
xParks
xCourts
xMedia
Why does the WH have control over the FBI budget for Trump Russia probe.  FBI investigators should be able 2go to Congress or use gofundme
Phony liar.
Grow up/be consistent. Just another political hack #draintheswamp, let's start with YOU!
Your partiality is on full display, and you are nothing if not the biggest hypocrite in Congress!!!
WOW,NOW u have cast your nasty,partial,unproven remarks on  man that was JUST overwhelmingly voted into office.SHAME on U
when ends U B fool
bwahaha Rosenstein chosen by Obama and Dems confirmed 94-6 but now he's not impartial! #resignnow @SenSchumer you loved him until...
Crawl back under your rock, you hypocritical POS.
you're a schmuck and a first class hypocrite
Your party weakness has led to this. Russian mission complete
Hillary Clinton should be tried by a grand jury into the hundreds of millions of dollars donated to the Clinton Foundation by foreign govts.
You and the Democrats approved him as well. He's been a Govt employee for years. Comey said there is no investigation involving Pres Trump.
I believe H. Clinton should be tried by a grand jury for illegally transferring secret gov. data over her private server and lying about it.


There are serious doubts as to Schumer's sanity He becomes more unglued by the hour It's quite enjoyable

You phony hypocrit crying Schumer, he was confirmed 94 to 6 opposed.
Why Now? Simple - obstructed Trump appointees  FBI Director Snr only now coming on post. Accept responsibility setting the time frame  @VP
BS, the only doubts that has been cast is your fitness to be a Senator. Your boss Reid wanted Comey fired but Obama wouldn't do it.
"Nothing less is at stake than the integrity of our executive branch." .@chuckschumer
#CryinChuck is such a jackass. You are going to question this man's integrity now?! You agreed with him! Smdh
The Alt-right have a message to the Alt-left. CHOKE ON IT!!!!

.
RUSSIA THEORY: MADE UP by the DNC bk during the Campaign. Wikileaks: Emails don't lie. 

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4651 …
Comey Fired: Dems: Two-face only lie to get votes. Wikileaks collued. Emails don't lie..
This clown and his sideshows need to sit down and do what they were elected to do.   This is a witch hunt with no witches
Perhaps your voters need 2 B aware that U seriously talk out of both sides of your mouth, literally.  You say one thing, hours later another
Alex Standing Bear @AlexStandingBear Treason:
violation of allegiance to one's sovereignty betrayal of trust breach of faith; treachery.
Aetna pulling off Obamacare millions will be without insurance
Aetna is pulling off Obamacare 
Democrats why you have to touch our Health insurance replaced with BS Obamacare. 
We are MAD!!!!!
To change your political party in Pennsylvania go to: https://www.pavoterservices.pa.gov  Proud of my Husband now GOP, I already changed mine. FU  Dems
Chuck Schumer is a liar, clapper and others have repeated over and over "no evidence of Collusion between Russia and Trump"
Crying chuckie at it again
"with all do respect mr prez ur making a mistake?" and u think u know better than @POTUS on how 2 run the country? sad, pathetic 4 brains
Have you always been this mentally unstable?

I see all your friends are sitting behind you !
So many left the Dem party because of this constant ignorance.
Wow u gave your tough soesch to empty seats. I guess your colleagues know it means nothing
Igor did u become such a petty politician. I am ashamed to admit that I voted for you. The Dem senators need to grow up
