Suburban Dallas police say car in which black teen was shot wasn't reversing toward officers as originally reported. http://apne.ws/2qmlOLw 
#Pandering as usual there Chucky.
What about an innocent child being shot isn't heartbreaking to you?
Very heartbreaking,Chucky is choosy. He could care less about child. Yesterday, 4 stabbed at UT, 1 responder shot in Dallas. Chucky=silent
I'm not the one with platform, pandering.  Any death is tragic, but if anyone thinks for a sec, Chucky gives a damn, I have a bridge 4 sale
Really?  ~smh   Schumer is self serving.  Cares more about re-election, and foreigners, than he does our own citizens
Yet you say nothing about the innocent stabbing victims at the university in Texas caused by your constant hate speech
tragic!Seems it wasn't a hate crime-the shooter distraught, fired &forced 2make less money due 2 Obama policies. Should have made nat'l news
So is BLM in NYC, but you approve of that. You're a Damn Hypocrite!
fake news.......................sad!
What about 200 murders in Chicago so far this year?  Blame police but it is the breakdown of families that cause this mess. How about ms13?
Wow! I am just hearing this. That is sad!
Chuckes don't act like you care now what about Chicago
The Police #Lie Again!!
READ @WSJ editorial for true story on Pre-existing conditions!
Why do u hate white people so much? Your a brown nose to the minority
Work it Chuckie.
Hey Chuck how come you only talk about this when it's a black guy?? Oh right you pander
Obama must've ordered some more police 'setups'...
Through Soros
Never want to see anybody killed for any reason. Does your heart break when an illegal killed a kid? You know the ones you want here?
Does your heart break when an American citizen kills a kid? Statistics show more Americans kill than undocumented. Stop derailing the topic.
Neither is right! One is breaking the law by just being alive in the US! If you like let the illegals live in your house!  Not in my sugar!
Take your meds today?
and I don't see Jeff sessions doing anything in the future about this at all.
You sure didn't chime in on the EMS shot yesterday or the stabbing victims. You are an evil hateful person inciting more acts of violence
Chuck Schumer is very convincing as a man.  Nice job doc ------everything looks real but you should've done better with the phoney hairline.
Texas law enforcement lying. No shocker.
#BLM
Don't see a comment from Donald on this
It is tragic and if guilty they should go to jail. But this narrative against all cops cannot stand. Majority are heroes. Imagine no cops
Yet another black kid get himself killed. NY Senator here to racebait ahead of the facts.
Black lives Matter!

Mr Schumer. Why aren't you responding to my tweets regarding regular community meetings?
Very sad and too frequent.
Glad to see you are so quick to throw our first responders under the bus! #Shamefull
@AP why thevhell would you promote civil unrest?
But nothing about the death of a white student at UT stabbed to death by a feral black male on May Day? #typicaldemocrat
So what's new, police lying? It never ends!
HEY  5 whites  killed in Ohio  this weekend by an angry black man No meida?
Chuck , please don't try a Sharpton fein in your own re-election troubles. Help NY frack , help NY with jobs . Get out of the blacface roll
Typical of the James Comey era FBI.  Happens all the time it's disgustingly racist.
@AP I'm sure mean "car in which a teen was shot"...
My prayers go out to his family and friends. You know what else is tragic and heartbreak Illegal Immigrants on>
We need to kick out ALL ILLEGAL Immigrants and let more LEGAL Immigrants into our country.
Open the boarders and let all the LEGAL IMMIGRANTS who want to live their dream in peace come in but first the Illegals must GO.
This was murder. Call it what it was. Now the cops are changing their stories because there's video. Charge the shooter with murder.

Trigger happy cops strike again!
This is another form of bullying..add in a rogue lying , bullying President..& you have a U.S. that is not abiding by our values & democracy
News reports of all tragedies are heartbreaking.....
Heartbreaking!  We can forget about AG Sessions investing incidents like this! People of color are expendable in his justice dept! STAY WOKE
You're a racist.
@Patta47cake @AP Don con never speaks on tragedies. He is one big one
So is all the tragedy in Chicago. Call your buddy Rahm and ask him to do something about it. Like Gillibrand always says raise your voice
@justinhendrix Thank you for taking the time to address this. Bless you good sir.
It's murder plain and simple.
and now we see the story changing.
Awful
#pandering
Not surprised that you would weigh in on this. How about those poor teen in Islip that were murdered by MS-13?  Crickets! Sh*tty Politics
You have a responsibility to wait til the investigation is done before dog packing from a arm chair.  This is another reason Dems lost.
@funder senator there has to be a majority of the cabinet who realize that @POTUS has totally lost touch with reality, from dimentia or word
let's not put all police officer in the same boat someone showed poor judgement let's find out who and why!
We know why unless you have been in a cave on Mars with your eyes closed and your fingers in your ears.
It is heartbreaking.  Too bad you don't do anything about this issue, not even in the City you call home. #BLM
Truly #JordanEdwards
Chucky I thought you didn't believe in tweet and you complain about president trump tweets. You sure doing a lot. Shame on you Chucky baby
By Trump not publicly denouncing he is not leading. He should be speaking out about this an other incidents
Waiting for facts? This just friggin happened.
Yeah right, dems hate cops
Any comment from Trump on this or the San Diego shooting...nope


LOL that short bus dose it

You are  giant snowflake fake tears
You are such the play actor
It just never stops.
Ok so what are we doing??
This racially biased police aggression has 2 be  STOPPED NOW! Will we have 2 legislate 2 make this end? Doesn't seem like training is help!
@AP another millionaire on taxpayer dime!
it's getting out of hand
Have you considered amplifying a discussion about how the # of guns in circulation (in addition to bias) is helping drive this?
Race baiting for votes after a disaster budget process. Typical politics we've all seen for years.
How many time do you report when cops were proven right ?
Race Baiter!
And this is why they should ALL have cameras & they should not have ANY access to their own recordings! Keep em honest!!!
Schumer, the anti-cop, pro-criminal, pro-sanctuary city, looks at MS13 gang members as part of his voting base.
Of course hair plug boy does.
How about adopting the European model of one year of training for all police? That might help.
2. Mandatory one year training before an officer is allowed to carry a gun. Include extensive psychological testing.
Yes, what is Congress going to do about it and all the other cases?
Why don't the police police their own and arrest the officer?
Just another dead black kid.. who cares... Just figure out a way to make it someone else's fault and move on
@AP sad that this continues to happen... Innocent black people being shot ... By cops... Ignored, covered up ... Enough already
Fake news.
So, what's going to be done? Nothing. Per usual.
