As you do what Chuckie? What are you doing to help anybody but yourself &  Soros funded attack on Americas? NEW YORK: FIRE CHUCK SCHUMER!
New York wants it, New York should pay for it. $20T in federal debt because of mouchers like you!

#BREAKING: West Virginia Governor switches to Republican Party. 

Another lost Governorship for the Democrats. 
It wouldn't be lose if all new Yorkers were killed by a tarnodo
looking back at your timeline, nothing was a matter of life or death until @POTUS was elected where were you last year, the year before...??
BOMBSHELL! Comey’s FBI Helped Set Up Clinton / Lynch Tarmac Meeting http://truthfeed.com/breaking-bombshell-comeys-fbi-helped-set-up-clinton-lynch-tarmac-meeting/99099/ … via @truthfeednews
Fund it yourself.


They can deal with the rain, but not having nuclear civil defense shelters will really ruin their day.   Americans, we are the "Expendables"
what a disgusting hack.

Can you tax the furgala family for not knowing?
DONKEY DUNG AND SCHUMERS SCAM FEMA?JUST CALL FEMA,IF BUSY CALL HOME DEPOT[IF THEY ARE HAVIN A STORM-SALE THEN GRAB YR GAL AND HOLD HER ASS?
. You cried crocodile tears when border bill sighed (for camera) but none when twin towers attacked. Your fake. USA=God guns glor
. Can the democrats stop all the obstruction. Of you are hoping trump does bad then you are hoping the USA does bad we voted trum
Maybe they should turn on the tv like everybody else...or get their heads out of their @ss.
Tell them via  Weather  station. You can get one at Walmart for 50 bucks.
they have the weather channel that tells them when bad weather is coming.Satellites help them in seeing storms gathering.Your wrong
Look up at the sky.
You didn't care before. Why do you care now?? Afraid you will lose your next election??
How much of a kickback or you getting? It seems odd that you come out with this now. Coffers getting thin?
And if we overthrow this government I doubt we're going to replace it w the same system and/or people! Stop him now
...actions now there may not be a later. We're looking at a dictatorship or civil war. Theres no "reforming" Trump. There will be a revolt
@SenSchumer are Dems just going to allow The FCC & Trump to start Propaganda TV?! Broke the 37% law and doubled it! If we don't stop these..
really a matter of life and death??? what did we do before today's technology? the weather channel is pretty good for tacking a storm no ny$
Maybe you could ask @CNN to report factual weather report instead of FAKE NEWS....LOL   rest of USA get real weather  or are NYers Pussies?
You are such a political hack, never miss an opportunity to use emotions vs logic to drive home a point to look like you support the public
Turn on the TV & Radio
Then New York needs to fund it. Not the rest of us.
Blah blah blah
Why is EVERYTHING  "a matter of life & death" to you?
Raise taxes right @SenSchumer
Local or state funded tornado sirens???
So we can't predict near term severe weather in NY with all the weather stations to the west but #ClimateChange is settled. #ClimateChangeBS
Why wasn't this taken care of in THE LAST 8 YEARS!!!!!
All Our satellites crashed?
All Americans need to know of warning for severe weather ,just like we need AFFORDABLE health care
All you've got to talk about is the weather because you don't have the balls to try and put your liberal opinions to people on the street
Well one thing is to buy a rather inexpensive weather alert radio no reason for the federal govt to fund $$ when it is all ready out there.
There is no reason to be unprepared especially in WNY it's part of life
Chuck Schumer should be selling used cars in Poughkeepsie.
So weather satellites are this week's windmills.  What are you tilting at next week, @SenSchumer ????
Your pushing this weather agenda... how much you making out of this deal @SenSchumer ???
Puleeeze.....  Don't you have any self respect?
Another scare attack!  Hypocrite!
Haw are you.I am afried to write.
LOL "matter of life and death". Staying with the doom & gloom narrative I see...
Stop Chuck! You are embarrassing yourself again. Reduced spending is NOT cuts! Time to run gov't smarter w/ less like rest of us
NY should have already had a system in place. We not paying for new system & you should not have took the current system maintenance money!
Why they are to stupid to watch the weather forecast or radar? We know you get to have 25% of the funds going to that project
That's why we have The Weather Channel
WNYERS NEED TO KNOW WHAT A FRAUD SNAKE OIL SALESMAN SCHUMER IS IF YOU WANT A BETTER FUTURE FOR YOUR FAMILY VOTE SCHUMER OUT
Well, why tell us? Just fly in like a super hero and "save them!"
And be a good liberal and do it with MY MONEY!
Tell them to turn on the TV.
Finally you are doing something for your constituents.Maybe less putting Dem party before your constituents would get more funding for NYers
Go Bills
DeBlasio pleze promote responsibility preparedness due diligence priorities &not lazy stupid illiteracy & civic disinterest =NON SURVIVORS
Thank you Mr Schumer for fighting for us ALL 


Chuckle work on taxes health care and North Korea  earn your  easy job money
This guy is squirming to keep his position now. Hey NY, your senator might do something for you now just trying to kiss ass! 
Why don't any of them have television and cable tho watch the weather channel? Why don't you but then all television Chuck?
Reporting the obvious is easy for a retarded person as yourself.
So do all Americans. If we stop spending millions on illegal immigrants. Maybe we could. Stop importing terror. N
do something really useful get the weather channel to stop showing an ad every five seconds
Have them get off their fat asses and look out the window
SENATOR IN THIS WAY THEY CAN AT LEAST PREPARE!
Tell them to buy a weather station...it works better than tv weather
IndyMac Bank Failure, set off a Bank Panic that caused the 2008 economic collapse,  a matter life & death for many!
Look out the window like the rest of us

A Root&Branch Infrastructure will produce clean energy while protecting communities from floods disrupting  energy with a new chain reaction
You are such a joke!
It's not done with satellites! Satellites can only see cloud cover and temperature! It takes Rader to see rain,wind speed, wind direction,..
Very true, but trump and the republicans don't give a damn.
What does either party have to do with weather reporting?
trump does not care.
It isn't Trumps responsibility.  Bill de Blasio's job. Get it?  Local issue.
They should take immediate shelter from the hot wind coming from your pie-hole! #TermLimits #ClownSchumer
You act like you care when in fact you only want more govt
Tornados are the least of our worries
We deserve Congress acting like adults and not divided children working together to move the people's #POTUS Agenda forward,
To bad we can no longer trust a word you are your party say
Severe weather just started? Or did you fail to care?
You should stand lookout for them!
How many weather satellites does Russia have. We need a full investigation
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chuck

We the people are sick and tired of your shenanigans!!
