Senator Schumer, you're a mensch. Far too gracious towards McConnell.
These Senators can't wait to bend over backwards to be gracious towards Republican traitors.
Sen Schumer - if you don't remember, turtle face McConnell blackmailed Obama in 2016 when the later wanted to go public about #TrumpRussia
Stop pretending to be nice. The country is under siege. Stand up and fight. 65M+ folks are outraged. What are you going to do about it?
People are showing up in townhalls around the country, protesting every weekend. Besides thanking the traitors, what are YOU doing?
Potentially the least effective Democrats are sitting in the Capitol Hill.

Do your job or get out of our way. It's that simple.
Promise things are happening that aren't public yet. I'm so sure of this that I'll even venmo you $ for a beer if I end up being wrong!
Really hope you are right. And if you are right, I will buy you a beer.
Now that that meeting is over...let Mueller deal with it now and get back to work.
But you won't listen unless it fits your narrative & you damn well know it.
Yes ole Mitch needs to step aside and clean up his own act. Annapolis is being raided as we speak
if what i read today is true most of gop leadership is in big dodo
no offense. but that is doo doo.
She and Claude Taylor and proven to be spot on time and time again.
Way way ahead of mainstream media.
Please tell McConnell to hold Trump to the same standards as he did with Obama for starters. Then tell him to start impeachment proceedings
Ummm, impeachment has to start in Congress not Senate.
Yes I stand corrected - starts with Ryan then to Goodlatte.im just asking @GOP to step up. Start at least talking about it.
Chuck you haven't made so many U-turns like you're doing on Comey's firing since you got Nancy Pelosi between the sheets.
U are demeaning your own democrat senator & theintern head of FBI who say currently no evidence of Trump/Russia collusion, U love limelight
Thank you Sen McConnell.

Don't forget to tip your waiter. They are hard working #Americans. Unlike you. #Libtard
Schumer stop being so Radical democRATS, accept we have the BEST Pres Trump American choice. LEGAL Immigrants support Pres Trump. GET IT!
@lizeraly @SenateMajLdr How about telling him Sessions has no business choosing Comey replacement. He's recused.
And you and the rest of the Dems need to stop being so stoic about everything. Nice doesn't win wars
No shocker here! Schumer most corrupt according to leaked documents! 
 http://www.msfanpage.link/leaked-documents-reveal-chuck-schumer-corrupt-politician-history-usa/ …
all Democrats are corrupt since theyre the party of slavery! it was Democrats who had slaves and also Democrats who started the Klan
Buzz off Schumer. No one likes or trusts you
Your love the limelight is sickening as you are playing politics when you know what the 3 heads of intel say. You do not know what they know
Pfffft. Mitchie is in this thing up to his turtle neck and stringing you along. Goodness, why are you thanking this horrid person?
no fucking way! He took illegal Russian money too. He's a traitor. Get him out
I know right! can you imagine if they realize how much hiLIARy got for just selling 20% of our uranium everyone will be starting foundations
The NYTimes came out w/the Clinton Foundation/Russian Sale yrs ago. And yes, the election IS over..So WTH do Libs Still need their Lithium??
Over,Over nothing is over! untill hiLIARy is in prison,there is still time


Cool, that's the guy almost all Dems voted for. Time to start working with America and not against. MAGA
as liberal as they come.His wife recieved money from Dems and he did not tell the truth..Investigate  him now Russians prop envolved

Which is It Chuck, Should a Special Prosecutor Be Appointed Or Not ? 1st you say yes then No?WTFChuck ! Make up you Mind @CNN @CNNPolitics
What would the crime be?  Currently this is only a counter intell investigation. Heads of FBI, CIA , NSA & senate of intell say no crime yet
Mitch does nothing else its for his self or more power or to collect a dime
But this investigation at this point is not a criminal investigation as no specific crime has been charged Be patient - know it is cofusing
and why does it have to wait till next week man you guys run some kind of racket in DC
do it now not next week
Next fucking week?  How about right now!  Sincerely a fucking American!!!!
C'mon you know Turtles don't move fast 
People who are complicit and have shredding to do don't move fast.
Funny
Remember Trump gave @SenateMajLdr wife a job in the cabinet...
What job
You are a sad excuse for a leader.  Jobs taxes healthcare. These are the things that you should focus on.  You will lose big.
LOOK how the DNC colluded on painting Pres Trump a racists. DNC are the terrorist..and pieces of 
Every time things get close to a head,45 pops up with some other deflection. He's exhausting deflections, will start war. Lives lost!#Resist
Mc Turtle will quash the recommendation!!  PLease don't let him! He is complicit!
RUSSIA THEORY: HRC RECEIVED 100M from MOSCOW IN 2016.
DNC is the only ppl connected to Russia. Look at all the Democrats Lobbyist.
The DNC colluded bk during the Campaign on the Russia Theory. DNC are TRAITORS to the America ppl. Wikileaks Emails

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4651 …
Mr. Comey said he was willing to testify publicly.  Why not do that ASAP?  This "invitation" stuff is getting old. Let's get on with it!
Russia Theory made up by the Obama and the DNC Traitor to the real  ppl.
To the Democrats. Remember this.

Whoever made this Comey/Clinton video did a great job. #FireComey #LockHerUp #MAGA  
Chuckie if you think Trump supporters 60mil + going sit quietly with ur coup of POTUS,big mistake. We will rise & there will be a civil war!

Honestly, Senate Dems should be willing to grind Congress to halt until conditions on this & Special Prosecutor are met. It's that important https://twitter.com/Susan_Hennessey/status/863446989652058113 …
lots of baby steps while major US damage & fear among allies - INDEP PROS to get to bottom of Trump & GOP campaign collusion w/Russia
SENATOR SIR IF YOU READ THE BIBLE THAT IS IT'S TRUE PURPOSE !TO MAKE ALL  LIKE GOD!
The facts don't lie about political posturing .Chuck where were you on this?
Agreed let's follow this one step at a time
https://twitter.com/AndyHortin/status/859907043074768897 …
Hey Chuckie, is this a flip or a flop day today?

Democrats are you happy with the leaders of your party ? Comment who should run for president in 2020?
McConnell leads a Congress of COMPLICIT REPUBLICANS. They are betraying their country and harming their countrymen. CALL'M OUT!
That's more like it. Stop the partisan games. The FBI is capable and plz stop insulting them by suggesting they need special prosecutor!
DON'T THANK HIM FOR US!!.HE'S ALL THINGS NOT AMERICAN ! FIND DEMO PIT BULL and get things DONE
You want Trump and America to fail so the Dems can get votes. We won't forget.
Blah blah blah
Don't listen to this fool.  Do read current AARP article on "Why are drugs cost so much"  Schumer voted 4 drug monopoly against Medicare.
Appointing a special prosecutor would slow down and/or pause the current investigation, which has momentum and a strategic plan in progress
THANK HIM?!! YOU NEED TO TELL HIM MAJORITY OF CITIZENS WANT MORE ! SHOW Ldr.the %!
KNOW WHAT? THE AMERICAN PEOPLE DON'T CARE. They want DECENT HEALTHCARE-as in MEDICARE FOR ALL! - But you and Nancy aren't FOR WE THE PEOPLE!
When are you going to offer a plan for bring back jobs, improve foreign trade, reduce crime in inner cities, school choice, health care????
Schumer said press conference"Mr Rosenstein america depends onyou to restore faith in our criminal justice system" Why not to Loretta Lynch
Should be called in now! #SpecialProsecutorNow should be a priority!
Fuck that turtle faced traitor Chuck! The People can't wait for their turn to hang him by his old decrepit turtle balls come next election!!
You and all the other's need to be working on Friday's, same as everyone else & that doesn't mean sending out your instigating tweets 24/7!
#DNCFraudLawsuit
Why aren't you guys turning your backs any time Mitch speaks? Why no daily group pressconf? @SenSanders @SenWarren @SenFranken @SenFeinstein

Where have you been? Msnbc says you need to step up! So get on It! Diane Feinstein can't do it alone!

Why won't you work on important legislation like Infrastructure, taxes and healthcare?  End the witch hunts and work for the people!
Hope McConnell leaves in cuffs
Blah blah blah
I want to see hearings, evidence, and process. Who will trust if this is not open for public to see?  Need bipartisan hearings not spec pros
No more $ waste Dems  Get along Work or quit. Vote Out complaining lying Dems.
We need to hear from Comey now! Rosenstein must appoint a special prosecutor or resign
What about Corrine Brown stole American money and got caught
Update Bennies wife Jane sanders being investigated by the FBI for Bank Fraud wow Bennie wanted Comey gone. Why
Comey cancelled his meeting
You could announce you're ashamed of years of feeding off the public & have decided to do useful, honest work in private sector.
What??!! You heard from @SenateMajLdr?
you'll get used and played...you know...like they always do...and like you always fall for...
You & the Dems only serve to #MAJA = Make America a Joke Again. 1 day it'll dawn on you #disingenuous 4 no good reason. Solutions please
Can't wait till you get voted out........DRAIN THE SWAMP!!!
Um that will change soon.
There needs to be a special prosecutor to investigate Democracy Partners and Bob Creamer.

Anyone believing Trump wasn't personally involved with the Russians or that he won't be handsomely compensated, is  deluded. Follow the oil.
Please don't give RUS and this puppet the weekend they'll just fake a terrorist attack to distract us!
Hillary, Bill , Barry , Huma ,Anthony and perhaps YOURSELF will face JUSTICE . That's WHY TRUMP WON. 
PRISON for CRIMINALS and JUSTICE for Legal AMERICANS . (That's ALL).

Can we keep McCabe. I'll feel comfortable with that.
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION
SPECIAL PROSECUTOR
When are you going to go to work and get off this kick of trashing Our elected President.  Your becoming a JOKE!
Get Andrew MCCabe and ask him if he told a Priebus that Russia was BS.
Good first step??? Almost a year of Russia, Russia, Russia & not one shred of evidence. Time to stop lying to undermine the President
Than McConnell? Are you crazy! He's up to no good, Chuck.
That's probably the furthest that Ryan will go. He and his GOP gang are a big disappointment!
WE CANNOT WAIT UNTIL NEXT WEEK
McConnell's an ahole, puckering up to 45's big arse bec he gave McConnell's wife an ambassadorship. They need to go.
Stop wasting my taxpayer money!!! We have real issues POVERTY
Thank you Senators McConnell and Schumer for standing up for all Americans!
Nowhere near enough.  Shut the Senate down until the lunatic in charge is expelled.
@POTUS Investigate: Dems ties to Antifa;collusion with Iran, Soros, Comey; organization as a Communist Party; Acts of sedition/treason #MAGA
Thank him but never forget how much he's supported this corrupt administration. He needs to go too.
Thx McConnell
But do U defend #ComeyFiring?
Not-appropriate 4 person being investigated 2 fire investigator
#IndependentInvestigationNow
Okay, but where is the special prosecutor? Where is the independent commission? This cannot drift downriver.
Shut it down Chuck - enough is enough
Hi chuck! If you see pence in the hallway could you please punch him in the throat for me? Thanks
Breaking:
Trump illegally taping private conversations with Comey and others investigating Russia/Collusion case.
All due respect Mr Schumer but you're thanking him for doing the right thing? Why are we bowing down to GOP all the time?
Hospitals need to at least backup problem list active problems, pertinent past medical history  , med list adverse reactions or print out
Alert England hospitals ,,wide spread hit with cyber attack,medical records held for ransom. It happened here two hospitals
Chuck, it is past time for Congress to act. Every minute you delay adds to your own complicity. Adult supervision for Hill maybe advisable.
Push Rosenstein on Independent Committee or Prosecutor
Hey Chuck - Lowest unemployment cliams filed in 28 years - #winning - #weloveTrump - #potus Rocks
don't care about the people, you care about power, you are a hack politician. You are a jo
you want us to look like Venezuela, a 3rd would nation,
You know nothing about the law, all you want to do is to destroy this great country and the Constitution;

This was plain to see!
Trump intimidates witness, Comey. PROSECUTE!
@realDonaldTrump is @POTUS America is tired of the Democrats hindering confirmations & #russiagate crap-we wil vote-out more Democrats again
