El gobierno debe trabajar para ustedes y para los millones de estadounidenses trabajadores que sólo necesitan #UnMejorTrato
Google translate o el asesor que tiene le meten cabron 
HAHAHAHA acuérdate que el Chairman o Party President ahora es Dominicano o algo así
Tom Perez lo único que debe saber de español es el apellido nunca lo he escuchado hablándolo te digo vela un presidential run si tiene
Supuestamente los hermanos viven en PR
Según él cuando dijo que apoya el Statehood
Lo quiero ver hablando español como Lil marco 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
This is America speak English
Lol at sucking up to the illegal voters
Pssstt
There will be voter ID requirements next election

No need to suck up to illegals anymore

Try putting American citizens first
Evil corrupted traitor
Gracias Senador Schumer, los newyorquinos estamos orgullosos de usted, siga defendiendo nuestros intereses
This is AMERICA...speak in English, you fool!
We speak english her !
More identity politics? So much for your "rebranding" slogan. You're still engaging in the same behavior we rejected in November.
Bien dicho! Es un descaro!
Speak English chuck
Durante los 8 años de Obama los super ricos Y Wall Street se enriquecieron mas que nunca mientras que la clase media y pobres empeoraron.
Chuckie please we all know that is what the Dems are all about SPECIAL INTEREST hey what about ur good friend Debbie Wasserman Shultz? HA HA
THIS IS AMERICA SPEAK ENGLISH!
We can do both! America doesn't have an official language... educate yourself and u might be able to speak another language
I'm an AMERICAN I don't need to learn another language.  English is the primary language anyone who lives in the USA should learn English
I see your speaking the language of your voter base... Illegals.... Your obstructionism will be met with term limits at some point.
Lawyers, lawyers, lawyers, and crooked  politicians write the rules, lobbyists and special interests only pay for them. Crying Chuck.
Nice touch Chuck - How do you say that in Yiddish
Make PACs illegal and cut your insurance company &big pharm kickbacks
this is america and the language spoken is English. This is what is wrong with the country.
Knock it off with this 3rd world language crap. We know you R trying, but America has not YET fallen into the hellhole you want us 2 be yet.
Pendejo.
Que CARAJO sabe usted. Imbecil izquierdista. Un abochorno a los EEUU.
Abochorno??! Oh ok
y que vas a hacer ahora, cono.....
Si Mr. Schumer,  what are the democrats doing about it? Necesitamos liderazgo de los democrats que pelean por toda la clase media
English only. My family had to learn my wife's family had to learn. Why are you for special treatment of Spanish speakers
Hey! We speak English here! When did you cross the Rio Grand?
This in English: Take a hike, Chuck.
Like people like you. Ask Bernie sanders about his nice car and three mansions. Obama recent speaking fee....
Senator, what is your net worth #and annual income? Shame on you for attacking conservative positions to MAGA!
you should know, you are RICH.

Chuck You Schumer
U and Polosie need to think about the people and not the Dems
Senator we live in AMERICA! English Please!!!
Huh? I live in America
Shameful
Schumer this is for your info an English speaking country
What?
Hey @SenSchumer did you use #Google translate? I bet you did.
#TheRebelUSA #TheRebellion
Dejar de complacer a la gente mexicana. Usted sólo quiere su voto, después de que no les importa lo que les pasa. #TheRebellion #TheRebelUSA
Very true
please stop your pandering...... it makes me sick
Chuck Schumer = used car salesmen. #PoliticalHack
NO se habla Espanol
That's Spanish for "I'm pandering to illegals"
Nadie trabaja con intereces especiales mas que lost Democratas. Y los jefes de Democratas, como Pelosi, tienen mucho dinero.
BTW, tweeting lies in Spanish does not make it real.
Por favor Carlito!! Tu eres una persona peligrosa Porque no dices la verdad!
Siempre buscando manera de devidir el pais!!!!!
Dem pandering at its finest, sickening!!!
For English, Press 1
For a pandering comment in another language from a pompous ass, Press 2
Alert: Schumer now scared as he goes after the fleeing confidence in him of his Latino voters. He is down 38 % in support . Seen as weak!
Thanks for your support of diversity in languages. I wish more Americans were bilingual. It really opens your mind. Ignore the haters!
Easy for you to say.
Lo siento, pero su español no engaña a nadie. Usted es parte del problema que no está haciendo nada bueno para los neoyorquinos.
Loco la cabeza !
This is America, speak the language of the land or get OUT!

You're still the radical left.
Pues es tiempo que los Democratas agan algo para ayudar. No hablen, voten NO contra todas estas reglas!!
Speak English. That is the language of the country you live in.
Why did you not have a contest to develop a better slogan. Get Dems involve nationwide
How about this slogan  "Let Make America Better, It is already Great" Or ?
And everyone wonders why
Chinga tu madre, culero
This is the US! English is the language of the country. Us it!
Y tú eres uno de ellos que no le importa nada más que no perder el poder que tienes.  Ándate al carajo ojalá Dios te castigue como a McCain!
This looks more like your Better Deal BS Message. Dem priority Open Borders & Open Bathrooms. Hypocrite clowns #DrainTheSwamp #TermLimits
Chuckles what you wrote in Spanish is the Democrats agenda and President Trump is trying to change it. Translation of
Chuckles Lobbyists, special interests and the rich have written the rules in their favor regardless of the consequences for other families.
You don't even speak Spanishand when in America, learn English
too bad Senator your not speaking my language...
Cállate you Hillary hater!!!
Speak English Smucky we live in America
Blah Blah Blah Lie Lie Lie Divide Divide Blah Blah Blah
Pinche Schumer
U lie even in Spanish.. U make me want to puke Chuckie..
Let's stop pretending. You speak other languages. When are you going to figure out folks like genuine people. #yourefakeAF
How come @SenateDems  post something from a Mexican senator?
Same old deal from the dumbocrats... how can anyone truly believe this same-old-program BS.
this is AMERICA, ENGLISH is our language why do you put things in Spanish? do you translate for Germans, Polish, Italians, French, etc??? NO
Schumer traitor.......
Does the wealthy include you politicians as well?
Panderer
@realDonaldTrump Come on now Chuck, you know POTUS can't even speak or understand English correctly! Lol
No hable espanol
Schumer is the vilest POS on the planet
As an American this is as much sense chuck makes
Schumer is a wart on Satan hemorroids
I stepped into a heaping pile of dog Schumer. Now I need new shoes
Schumer blows Chupacabra balls
Chuck, English is the official language of the United States in case you have forgotten.
US does NOT have an official language. English is de facto spoken language, but @SenSchumer can address his constituents in any language!
Only thing unamerican around here is people thinking English is somehow the only language that should be spoken. They just dont get it.
Chuck is good ar 2 things....obstructing and pandering.
Democrats are the beneficiaries of lobbyists and special interests...you don't have to know Spanish to know that!
And here I thought you were a U.S. Senator. You liberals are shameless. #MAGA
That is what you wanted, you voted for it and you take all the money you can get
You're in America Chuckie!!!  Please speak English!!!
English is the Founding Fathers' designated language in America.
We live in the USA, speak ENGLISH.
THIS IS NOT MEXICO.
WHEN YOU HAVE TO TWEET IN SPANISH THIS SICKENS ME.THE DEMOCRATS ARE GRABBING AT ANYTHING THAT WILL HAVE THEM.DESPERATE.
No es verdad.
This is America Chuck, use your English .
Lots of american citizens speak spanish and other languages. Why so angry about it?
Nadie se preocupa Hacer América Gran sch debe renunciar
This is way the illegals keep coming because of Nazi Fascist Democrats letting them take Americans jobs,just to get the illegals vote
 good stuff Chuck...now when you going to fix the subway and the flooded people on Lake Ontario? You and Andy give great photo ops. Fix it!
ENGLISH IS THE LANGUAGE
Ifyouwant totalk toMexicansgo to Mexicoifyou'rewantingto talk toAmericansthenspeak Englishthis isexactlywhat's wrong Nazi Fascist Democrats
Nothing like good pandering , what a low life
Democrats have lost at the polls for their douchbaggery
So ur new"better deal" aimed at increasing incomes and lowering costs, does this only apply to ur illegal immigrants,u know,ur illegal votes
Douchebag
Importarles.
You are in league with the most corrupt politicians who play ball with Lobbyist and could not be more hypocritical
Where is Tim Kaine when you need him? He could translate! 
Se fue al callejon buscando putos.
SPEAK ENGLISH FOR GOD SAKE.
PANDERING again Chucky
to u liberal dems blood is on your hands for the 10 illegal immigrants that died encouraging sancuary cities.
 Culo egoísta
English please! You are a US senator.
Oyouay areay omoronay
Really?
STOP OBSTRUCTING Mr Schumer

Obama care was crap from the start & is imploding now.STOP being part of problem! 
AMERICANS DESERVE BETTER!
@SenSchumer Tu es DESPERADO!!
Deja de llorar.
Speak English you're a US Senator for Christs sake
Say what.  ????
And you're one of the biggest crooks that did this.
Muy bueno, gracias
For my next trick I will speak Russian
Bueno @SenSchumer #LosCabilderos (#Lobbyists) siempre han trabajado para los intereses de los que les pagan esto no es nuevas noticias
So what are you doing about it?
Now that's showing your position Schumer, alienates American citizens by not tweeting in English
#wealthcare for millionaires=#deathcare for millions. ¡Es la verdad!
You Should Know You Have Been Bought Out
Impressed I'm NOT.  Speak English you has-been.
You using Spanish I thought It was time to stop pandering to the urban area and talk to rural area hmm one thing to media 1thing to twitter
Palabras importantes.  Necessitamos estar sobre algo, no solamente contra algo!
Wow u R absolutely right, so why do u & othr members of congress pass legislation that benefits them & them only? Why u keep taking their $?
Thank you for being inclusive @SenSchumer
Your lame attempt to communicate with illegal aliens and continue to get them to vote for democrats shows your fear of @POTUS & #DTS
Pero si ud es in los estados unidos contra la ley ud no es elegible por beneficios medico sin dinero.
Translation:

I'm a self-righteous sanctimonious confirmed liar.....and I'm better than you.
Please don't let Dem agenda announced yesterday get buried and forgotten. Need a big to-do
Agenda announced yesterday is nothing more than what Trump is already doing. Dems got nothing left. #coattails
Admission of guilt? Chucky boy
Talk English chucky
Do you really think reaching out to illegal aliens is going to help your failing approval ratings! Look what it did for Killary!
Lobbyists, special interests and the wealthy all donate to Chuck Schumer so things in Washington DC stay about the same. Empty promises.
Comemierda
just like you chuckie
lo que haces TU cada dia 
Your n America Chuckie speak English
Drena el pantano!
English
Chuck would prefer to advocate 4 illegal aliens who r not "his constituents" as they are not legally able to vote for him, than US citizens
Sewer talk
And you were right in the thick of it!
