"A Better Deal" is the same as Trumps Current Deal? Then stop complaining and jump on the Trump Train senator and get to work.
Trump doesn't believe in livable wages or equal access to education so no it's not the same plan as democrats.
You're just not listening at all, listen to a speech, look at the EOs, that's all he's about. MSNBC will melt your brain, be careful.
I've never watched MSNBC. I actually use multiple sources of research. Unlike illiterate baffoon in the Oval trump way of thinking ruins USA
Uh buffoon is intentionally misspelled so don't add me to your weird display here.  Trump is worse than buffoon he's a baffoon. Get it ?
Mellow out, Jackie. Sincerely, Liz.
She's one of you, cant help herself. #dumbanddumber
I know ur not speaking of me. I have two degrees graduated with honors. And I am definitely smart enough to not be an idiot trump supporter
why not let us smoke pot over the age of 21...daddy?
Forcing business to raise wages will decrease jobs, proven. U can lower cost of living by decreasing taxes so business can run more effic
See Seatlle minimum wage raise, where unemployment is far below when they put a $15 min wage in.  Higher wages = more customers
Forces business to work with less, or raise price. Didn't work. Let the free market work, and get big gov out of there the way.
reality doesn't agree with you.  Unemployment is down in Seattle, especially in the restaurant industry predicted to be hardest hit.
Because waiters making a living wage might actually eat out once in a while, meaning more demand for waiters.  Keynes = basic econ
But crushing the rest of the economy. Crushing small business
Where are the figures supporting that?  You want to talk econ, you need data.


In other words "Make America Great Again" gotcha
I'd of like to been a wall-fly,when you all decided,we bettet do something wAmerica,because RUSSIA is not creating enough jobs,healthcare...
Economic equality is a moral imperative.  Turn the tables on the Republicans and use religious morality to support economic message.
There are many updated ideas, tools, ways to reach out, new faces that need support.  PLEASE consider getting experts to help. Why HC failed
Where's the one thing we want?
#MedicareForAll
#SinglePayer
This Is Not A #BetterDeal
The POTUS is doing that already...you can't take credit for his work....#justSHUTUP
the Dems are now promising “A Better Deal” for American workers... They couldn't beat Trump & they're still trying to steal his formula.
Trump is lying to you. History shows that drastic tax cuts for wealthy wreck the economy. Wait.
Is there any campaign "promise" on which Trump hasn't already flip-flopped?
Sure you do how many years you been saying I trying. I lying...
JOBS and JUSTICE.  Start there and everything else falls into place.
That's already Trump's slogan aka MAGA
" Better deal is not just a slogan...BUT A LIE." Chuck Schumer !!!! ALL lies BTW !
Wow - this sounds a lot like Trump's platform. 
Number 1 should be CAMPAIGN FINANCE REFORM. Without that, this other crap is just a fantasy, and you know it!
Look at the Rs attacking Sen. Schumer! Must be on their nerves.Look at them trying to top each other's ignorance.
"Better".  Kind of like "good" or "nice".  Maybe contact @MerriamWebster for some strong action words?
Bill & Hillary raise 600 million or more for AIDS , Rock & Roll Stars do more then 400-500 million for Farmers . Tech Giants -bring Billions
Trying to steal "new deal" from FDR? Difference was he wanted to help the USA...unlike you and your kronies...
universal healthcare, stop big pharma and for profit health ins.
The Dems need a moral/spiritual message to promote economic equality as social justice.  Think MLK & Pope Francis combined with Bernie.
Than tell me where have all your solutions
been 4 the past 8 years? Just more
Democrat bullshit, lies&disinformation
Israel is an apartheid state, has pushed us into conflicts in the mid-east. They have turned Gaza into a human hamster killing cage.
It's not a better deal.  It's a tired and stale approach that just reminds us of past promises and failures. Where is the energy and hope?
PLEASE get image consultant, PR firm, younger people to craft & deliver BIGGER agenda & plan. These are old promises, package, messengers.
Never did that before, why now
Problem with focusing on jobs is that automation tech will continue to replace more jobs than it creates. Need to focus on UBI.
You Dems just escalated tech in fast food, with your $15 min wage rhetoric
.        Put your MONEY where your mouth is; not just a cute SLOGAN!!!!
Hmmm sounds like what Trump was running on AND WON!!  How ironic.
you'll see Election Day you and along with some bought off republicans will go the silent majority about to kick ass again
Hey Chuck the Smuck Where's the FREE stuff??
RIGHT NOW you should be talking about nothing but how horrible BRCA would be for 22 to 32 million people.
I'm a few days late here, but...
A better deal is here work with @POTUS n stop Obstructing!!!
That's racist, xenophobic, homophobic, misogynistic, & islamophobic. Since you were pretending to be from #GOP, thought I'd pretend, too.
he hasnt made a deal yet.
Hello. There is a vote on a HORRIBLE health care bill tomorrow. What are you doing? Why aren't you out there fighting against it?
You cannot raise wages and expect lower costs of living Chuck
is it too hard to comprehend that low wages & outsourced jobs exist b/c vulture capitalists their THEIR cut out of the middle?
Among other concerns,vulture capitalists are prescription drug-price gouging.Demand that drug companies. justify price increases to public.
Ummmm, you don't know how to do this or you'd #fullrepeal O'Care!!

#NoDeal
This is NOT health care  
PhDs. What all one of you. Only 27% believe he'll still be POTUS in 2020. Bahaha
#POLL ~ (Washington Examiner)
96 % Of  @POTUS
#SUPPORTERS WOULD
#VOTE FOR
HIM  #AGAIN #TODAY !!!
@ABC News / 
@washingtonpost  #POLL
oh Chuckie ~ this slogan means??????
#ABetterDeal
NEOLIBERAL policies (clinton) rolled back the NEW DEAL; we got the RAW DEAL; a BETTER DEAL is not the BEST DEAL #peoplesPARTY #FEELtheBERN
this is a http://lie.You  don't care about the people you screwed them with obamacare.Too many taxes and it failed
Shield the grid Chuck. That is the most important economic and Military objective we could possibly have. When it goes down only 2 countries
Build the massive step-up step-down Transformers that our grid will need to be rebuilt. We will be back to 1870 for a hundred years
And so how does this differ from what our President wants for us? It's just a stolen jingle, Chuck. You're washed up
It's only a cheap slogan.....unless you all hike up your "big boy pants" and back "Medicare for All".
Isn't that still what Papa John's says ?? you guys are so ORIGINAL !! lol
Is there anyone with a real vision in the Democrat party? We're getting tired of retreads, Chuck!
and just how r u going to do that
Quit fucking around.  State LOUDLY that Democrats stand for MEDICARE FOR ALL.  #MedicareForAll.  "Single Payer?" Many don't know what it is.
You're going to retrain workers by giving $ to employers already awash in cash?  No, no, no.  Why not a government run WPA?
As long as the Democrats control education a 21st century economy is not possible
How long have you been senator? We haven't seen any better deal for the common people,stop talking and do something to benefit the country!
The problem is Chucky, Democrats have no idea how to do what they propose
then why dont u do something about it instead of blocking our President..the DEM party is over, they are corrupt, liars, ie. Pinhead Pelosi
It's just BS unless you can tell me your plan to accomplish these goals, and your plan isn't more BS.
Chuck let's be crystal clear.. U & your party do not know a single thing about creating jobs, lowering costs of living. CareerPoliticianExit
You are the biggest hypocrite I have ever seen. Go draw a check resisting and destroying this country. Taking Trumps message wont help!
All of a sudden you care? You had 8 years and did nothing. The new motto....#MAGA?
What person, in their right mind, would believe you now?
Then why was there less jobs higher cost of living and the economy was terrible the last 8 years under obama's administration???????
Not buying what your selling.
i will never vote democrat again, the party that 24-7 insults my POTUS.  all you to do is hate and destroy anyone that dont agree with you
Dems are for identity politics, PC culture, sanctuary cities, harboring criminals, soft borders & helping/$ illegals over their own citizens
McCain should b ashamed...
What a joke
Fine, but how to do get people to question what the GOP and Trump tells them?
Do not fall for the ruse.
more lies we don't believe a word you http://say.You  have done nothing but lie to us about obamacare and jobs.Time to vote you out
Senator, these are the right words: Bravo! Now make damn sure they are backed up with effective actions.
goofs marching like goofs
3 goals for federal government:
Protect our borders 
Regulate interstate commerce 
Butt the hell out on almost everything else.
You need your head examined. Cable companies, airlines! You are responsible for government subsidized healthcare that has no competition!
Those are tactics. How about this mission: "Democrats will promote Fairness, Justice, Security and Fraternity - for all."
IT IS ABOUT TIME. BEHIND YOU ALL THE WAY. FLESH IT OUT. CLEARLY DEMOCRATS STAND FOR LIBERTY & DIGNITY. REPUBLICANS ARE FOR 50 DICTATORSHIPS.
please resign now
Start here in NY by stop cowering to unions, repeal exorbitant Obamacare, and reducing regs. How long to get @Uber?!?
Wasn't that the same message a couple years ago?
Wait?  I know you're all crooked, but isn't that basically how Trump won? #MAGA
I'm sorry Chuck, but this is lame. Renewable energy & healthcare need to be two of the pillars. Wake up, it's not that hard.
Lower cost of living for whom and where does all my tax dollars go. How much in your pockets
Then why after 8 years of complete control this was not done?
Franklin D. Roosevelt-The New Deal. In 1933, became President of the USA."New Deal" because of the promises that he made to Americans
Highlight creating new industries. Similarly to what drove the last 100 yrs. Continue green tech, revolutionize transportation, etc
Since When do U Care About US??? NEVER Have Before!!!
"A better deal"? or "I better deal"?  We're watching you, and we're not kidding. Support the #PeoplesPlatform now!
Your words are refreshing! Your actions today? Support the #PeoplesPlatform or I'll continue to think of you as an out-of-touch corporatist
Raise wages for who? The illegals you allow in this country?  How can you raise wages and create jobs? How can employers afford this?
Sounds very Republican!
Truly amazing Chuck.  You throw Clinton and her supporters under the bus and then steal her speech from 2015.  WTF are you doing?
Dems just stole President Trump's agenda ! Does anyone other than me see this? I guess they feel if it worked for Trump it'll work for them.
So u agree with Trump on some topics! Hard to resist if ur slogan is stolen from his.
Chuck your losing your mind, did you forget about RUSSIA how can you go forward without presenting your evidence in court about Russia ???
Um... you had 8 years. You did none of this. Pathetic.
"A Better Deal" is a terrible slogan. Doesn't show what you're about. MAGA is brillianty concise/simple. Have u learned nothing?
You want more voters?? Quit yelling "OPEN BORDERS"  & "WE'RE GOING TO PUT THE COAL MINES OUT OF BUSINESS"  How stupid are Dems??
So you realized the majority of real ppl aren't SJWs and decided to use Trump's campaign message going into 2018? Why not work together?
Desperation is showing
I believe if you work towards implementing Trumps agenda you'll have the majority of those done....then you can take the credit....
Yeah, we had 8 yrs of your "better deal", nearly doubled the debt and unemployment was higher than now.
Really when do y'all work!  Yall just cry!  That's the slogan took you that long wow!
Biggest NERDS! WE WANT GREAT NOT better!
This is a great beginning --KEEP AT IT!!
If the insurance is so great why do you all have it?  We want what you have
hard to do this while you're partying in the hamptons with @jaredkushner and @IvankaTrump
If you have nothing take the other guys idea lmao. Democrats are a joke. Lead by schumer
You crazy Dems never lifted a finger the last 8 years to do any of that. Now Trump is in charge and all of a sudden here you go. What a joke
You are delusional!  Who will pay for this boondoggle?  Taxing the "rich and powerful" won't put a dent in your bill!
You look more foolish every day.
Sounds just like what Trumps doing already ya jackwagon goofball!
We had 8 years of your crap deal! That is why Trump is President.
3 goals with no plan on how to achieve them. Last i read, your party is having a cash crunch. And you want to be in charge of economy? 
put it in his pockeet
Hmm ... thanks Mr. Trump.
You listened, now even the Delay Party agrees.
You don't know how to do that!
Going to take more than a cheesy slogan to change your elitist reputation! !!!
Not as long as @TheDemocrats allow (or force?) members to vote for Corporate Profits (& political $) over American Workers and US Citizens.
Hey chuckie, did you go back and listen to what @POTUS was saying during his campaign.  Maybe ya should try working with him !
Not as long as @TheDemocrats vote Immigration bills for Corp Profits; import cheap labor and replace, outsource & offshore Americans' jobs.
wow haven't we seen something already like this ad..yes it was our elected POTUS. so dems dont embarrass yourselves anymore.find own slogan
...Which will increase cost of living because prices for goods and services will go up.
Raise wages??? How did that work out for workers in Washington State. Raising the minimum wage will only increase costs for small business..
Lies lies lies
#Investigate911 bring to #justice THOSE responsible @realDonaldTrump @SenSanders https://www.causes.com/campaigns/108504-investigate-9-11-bring-to-justice-those-responsible … #explosions #Eyewitness #911Truth
We are now in our 7th month of this presidency and you are just now getting ready for work? Need some coffee chuck? Don't forget your shoes!
To little to late
No meaning, no impact.  Weak on meaning.  Focus on Americans,  how about "Take America Back"  Talk to the 99%, not the 1%.
Dems = Illegal Immigration, unvetted refugees, Globalism, Socialism, Racism, Crime,  Lies, Cheaters, White Genocide, Baby Killers.

If you're serious about this, here's hoping you stick to it, learn from 2016, and don't rig your 2018 primary :3
LIAR. Only all about the Democratic agenda. Control of the American citizens. More laws more money in your pockets. VOTE Chuck Schumer OUT.
Will all of that take place once again in just urban areas .... or for a change, will you also be focusing on rural areas too?
I see nothing to suggest that Dems have ANY idea how to do these things.  @realDonaldTrump has done more in months than you in your career.
A "Better" Deal would also champion civil liberties. This one-sided focus on economics undermines Dem base and will inevitably fail.
No, we Democrats are "4 All Americans"!
U stole these from Trump. Dems had 8 yrs n did nothing. Sleazy slimy intimidating unethical Dems
Don't understand Y dems keep blaming dems...when Interste crosscheck, gerrymandering, vote purging/blocking + Russia r all on the table.
Admit it-you took this from a 2015 Hillary speech
Form, Function, Strength, Courage, Authenticity is what the Dems need to turn on now. Stop saying GOP has the numbers, you've got the power.
This is a VAPID and Banal Slogan. stop with branding and go after the GOP and their devious agenda. Dems can stop them stop playing Victims.
Nothing about the R's cudgel, the deficit?
Country needs more than #ABetterDeal. Need #AFutureToBelieveIn... #FightFor15 #BlackLivesMatter #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll @TheDemocrats
Empty sloganeering that Dems have been peddling since the 90s. #DemExit #BernieWouldHaveWon
#ABetterDeal is not a mission. It feeds the narrative that Dems need you to make a deal for them. U R saying your voters  r helpless w/o you
Get money out of politics!  Support overturning Citizens United -- then I'll believe the Dems are serious!!! @stopbigmoney
Chuck, you forgot the wall. This is the MAGA plan. You been asleep?
All the trolls here are scared to death of real policy.
8 years of your "better deals" has gov't TRILLIONS in debt, insanely high healthcare costs, U regulated the shit outta everything. FAILURE.
The democrats in CA have super majority and have killed Universal Healthcare bill SB562.  
That is not a better deal, except for Ins Co's
Universal Healthcare is a start to show that dems care about us.  But still not in their platform.
And what is your plan for each of these goals?
What about WE DONT BELIVE YOU CHUCK!!! You had 8 years and all you did was $20 trillion in debt, go away!!
How can you make happen when you & your party are anti-economic activity? To prevent global warming you have shutdown all manufacturing.
Well now isn't that a slogan. You and your cronies have been stiffing your party for years, and one more time isn't enough RatFace.
You forgot to mention bigger government chuckie. No thanks. #DrainTheSwamp Time to get out of the way chuckie and stop the nonsense
There's just one problem.. you don't know how to make that happen.. u won't lower taxes.. won't de-regulate.. so.. good luck with that..
Lmfao! You guys look ridiculous and desperate.
Dear Democrats:
Lmao
I need 2 large pepperoni pizza delivered
A bigger government is NOT a better government!
Bigger Government is not a better deal.
too late - your a joke now
Congress should set minimum troop, ship, aircraft, and weapon levels that no President can go below
A better "deal"? I guess that's the new rhetoric in the US since idiots let a pathetic madman, real estate pimp, in the White House.
Why do democrats reduce our military to nothing when they have the presidency. Then republicans must build them back up.
Get involved on article 5 convention of states and let's take back our freedom. Our forefathers fought way to hard to give it away.
Do you believe this is all free. No it's not and will lead the the government nationalized all these things promised.
Can you believe the government telling you what you will pay an unskilled worker
There you go folks Venezuela and Greece is what you will get with this agenda
Sorry, no deal. Ass clown Schumer.
@NancyPelosi It's just a shitty slogan. Do you guys GET what's happening?!? U-r acting like it's NORMAL politics. Did you watch BSA speech?
This is NOT business as usual. BE BRAVE. BE BOLD.
People ready to march in streets. Infrastructure, Single-payer, boost public education!
Looking for VISION, guys. Of a great future. Reverse oligarchy that now rules. LEAD!! Ignite passion. We need LEADERSHIP. Like never before.
Chuck - the Dems had 8 years and failed. This was Trumps idea you Dems failed at. Either be part of the solution or get out of the way.
Good message, keep it crisp, clear, and find a youthful exciting personality to be the face of it, maybe Gillibrand?
Hey Chuck where have you been thanks for supporting our @POTUS I knew you would come around and Papa John's thanks you as well
This is the dumbest thing ever! You haven't learned a thing about the economy over the last 8 years!
Dems need to be party of unconditional love for all American regardless of who voted 4 who, honest true negotiators .The hate grows old.
And with your obstruction, America can wait until 2018 or 2020 for the better deal to kick in. Sounds like a Dirty Deal to me
Democrats "The Same Old Deal" Better Deception, Better Lies, Better corruption.  (stop screwing with Trump).
this is a joke.. its a bad deal.. more government run crap... get government out of our lives....too much..and its bad ..
As Dem I think it's to little to late
