You mean not enforcing the law right?
That's exactly what he means. We split families up everyday when people are sent to prison. ILLEGAL = Crime
GET THIS STRAIGHT IDIOTS.A person with no docyments broke the law period.They have no rights. It would be unfair2 our legal immigrants
Oops..documents
Put your money where your mouth is.  Grow up and really work for the American people TOGETHER.  I miss the real dems like JFK.
u invest all your time opposing the #POTUS. You would oppose Trump appointing Jesus Christ to his admin. Do your job. #stopBS
POTUS should be opposed, he's an incompetent blood sucking leach who's using his office to enrich himself & family.
what channel are you getting your info from? Huffington Post?
NYT, Time, Washington Post, Chicago Tribune, Harpers, Atlantic, CBS, NBC, ABC. Where's yours from?
good question...I don't...I read the bills in question and do research..ya know...books..
then you'll need to read the committee reports to understand intent behind the law.
you may be right to an extent. Still better then the news. Way too one sided
Any Mexican that supports you is ignorant. Your party keeps minorities in poverty.
You should take Pelosi AKA freeze face and go check in to a nuthouse somewhere.Maybe you could get a couple of shots of botox to
Illegals must GO.  Legals can stay.  America first.
I don't see you doing much work Chuck the only thing I see is you complaining about everything you need to get out of government
President isn't separating American families,he is upholding the law.  Wish you and  cronies would take some lessons from him.
People who are here illegally, should have to go and take their families with them!
Democrats had 8 yrs to do that. Instead we gave $1,700,000,000.00 to our enemy Iran.
I hope Shumer sees this!  Watch for healthcare 'REOPROPRIATION of funds for contracts to pay for WALL! #Resist
Then run for president or do your current job. Confirm the Presidents cabinet.
Send them all together. Problem solved!
America First!
YOU dems screwed up this country, focused on breaking laws, going around constitution!  Hypocrit! The economy is booming w/Trump
Chuckie you need to back off & stop causing trouble,  ya know the world isn't about you
didn't Obama have 8 years to do that. What happened to all that infrastructure stimulus money? The unions fuck it away already?
Trump promised us a massive reinvestment in infrastructure, where the hell is THAT in his budget?
Gorsuch is most hated judge ever in our history.  & Schumer is hatred all the way!!!!!
...pat ATTENTION he is HATING as fast as he can.  Grow up !!!!
We are doing what you just said. People who commited a crime by coming here should go! They commited a crime!
More demo crap lies
HEY  CHUCK..I am praying everyone of those wonderful"illegals" move to your neighborhood.Just think you would be in javalena heaven.
CHUCKIE You need heath from a shrink you have the mind and manners of a limit tot.Also your false tears turn folks of.Zo sick of it
Jobs? Democrats put 93,000,000 Americans out of work over the last 8 yrs. What about them??
Obey immigration laws!
We should be focused on #Trumprussia and put a hold on everything else until investigation is complete.  #Traitors
Thats been milked dry. All that has done is expose Russias ties to progressives.
You should be retiring..we  an only pray
How about the American families torn about by illegals murdering people!!!???
one step at a time big guy.  Probably would help if you were working with admin instead of obstructing everything
it's funny none of that was mentioned before the election.
now you say that but before the election that wasn't mentioned!
Dummy illegals must go
NO INFRASTRUCTURE FUNDS CHUCK IF YOU DONT INFORCE FEDERAL IMMIGRATION LAWS NO MORE SANCTUARY CITIES OR STATES
God said obey the laws of the land!  You are not for America! Why would you not want a judge that goes by the law? Crook!
I THOUGHT YOU LIBERAL ANTI AMERICAN NUTS DID'NT BELIEVE IN GOD!
Bring all of this ILLEGAL immigrant pandering to the voters. Then we'll talk. @POTUS
THEY ARE ILLEGALS-THEY ARE NOT AMERICANS, THEY ARE CRIMINALS & HOW DO WE KNOW THOSE KIDS ARE THEIRS?
that wasn't a message from God it was a message from Satan. I guess maybe Satan is the Democrat God.
I'm glad you agree with Trump, but what are the communist in your party going to think about that? #demsnewcommieparty
yeah you talking from the state with the highest taxes and out of control welfare recipients. Get to work in your own backyard
They are here illegally.  It's called breaking the law.
wow! So now all the things you failed to do over the last eight years during the Obamanation are important to you? #hypocrisy
We are watching, and that is exactly what you are doing!! SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT OR GET VOTED OUT!!!
are you living under a rock? Trump IS creating jobs and is focussing on infrastructure--smh
They are not Americans if they are illegals. Also abortion hurts families more.
jobs and infrastructure  what @realDonaldTrump is working on while you are dividing country and protecting non-citizens. ENOUGH!
Hey Chuck, Trump can multitask. He is doing all this things and trying to keep citizens safe. Stop bashing and look around you.
Nothing but hot air.
They should have come in the legal way like everyone else does. No sympathy from me!
Then, they will not need jobs.
Well we can't sir. We are too busy discussing all your manufactured propaganda. We'll just move them all into your house.
DOE 3jan2017p29
CHANGE THE LAWS LAW MAKER!! IMMIGRATION LAWS ARE ON YOU NOT POTUS
illegal criminal aliens get it straight clown Schumer
Aaaa, one problem with your statement.....These are not American families, Chuckie
you mean like Obama shovel ready jobs? You mean like open boarders, allowing felons to pour in? You mean illegal alien families?
Thanks @POTUS for enforcing the law unlike the establishment politicians who break their oath of office every day.
Why is there so much lawlessness? Why isn't Clinton being questioned between her and Russians?
for a person who complains about @realDonaldTrump tweeting so much, your catching up fast
How many jobs have you created Chucky?
so when is the trump impeachment going to begin?
I couldn't agree with you more Mr. Schemer. Please stay strong for the American people.
what the heck are you talking about ! Has an alien invaded your body ! Since when have u ever believed any of that ? #fullofcrap
@TUSK81 Comprehensive  #ImmigrationReform Now! #LegalizeThem
America should not support illegal immigration nor keep criminal illegals. We must deport. It will help our communities
children can return with their illegal parents
BLAME THE PARENTS,Illegals are illegal. Being in this country is a PRIVILEGE NOT A RIGHT. They could have done it the right way.
we can do both chuck as we should.  Just sit back and shut up. We got this! Relax
DUH! That's exactly what POTUS is doing. Are the illegals the "American" family you reference? Seriously lame B/S!
You mean like the failed "shovel-ready jobs" bill?
where do my nys taxes go? 2 brigades within 5 miles of me shut down goinh over canal. NY taxes wasted! fix us 1st bumer!!
You haven't been paying attention with all your bloviating. Trump is working for job growth a budget & infrastructure bill.
@DougBurges  Sen Schumer, you should be investing in doing everything within your power to get this dangerous POTUS  impeached
ILLEGALS are NOT American citizens, now those who came LEGALLY are! Get it right!!!
hahaha he is doing all that, while you are distracted by your own dogcrap
have you ever thought about working with president trump instead of all the crocodile tears and outburst and negative input?
That is the opposite of what you will do. You love taking away jobs.
I believe in signing those executive orders he actually created more jobs.
illegal aliens are not Americans. Start caring about U. S citizens.  You make me sick.
please define American.
deport all illegals
Your devisive rhetoric contributes more in separating families than any Trump policy. You need to quit partisan obstruction.
try thinking about what actual American citizens want for a change !
America First ! I support Trump % . If somebody is here illegally than they need to go . It's not our fault they broke the law
we should be getting people here illegally out! Enforce our laws! Their jobs should be taken by Americans here legally,period
where were you the last eight years? On this... crickets.
I hope everyone remembers this tweet when trump introduces a bill to create jobs and fix our infrastructure and u vote against
Can you create a plan w/ LESS red tape for immigrants to obtain citizenship, esp those already working here?! Create solutions!
Don't do the crime if you can't do the time.  They did this to themselves.
there family's can go back with them when they r DEPORTED 
problem is they are not American families. They are illegal people in our country who broke the law! Big freakin difference.
then you and your party need to start working with the republicans and give us some help, stop being selfish, HELP all of us who voted
So do something positive. Submit a bill or two.
blah blah blah
Where were you on this 8 yrs ago?  Money wasted on winners and losers.  Mostly losers.  Solyndra a damn good example.
Oh now you want to do that.  Right we will see!
*separating families from illegal alien/criminal relatives. Truth hurts.  LEGAL/lawful immigrants are amazing wonderful people!
You're a joke!  Perfect poster boy for Term Limits with your pals Pelosi & Waters.  So sad... just like your fake tears.
You sound exactly like the PRESIDENT & his policies? How weird. You're a shifty fella arnt ya?
you should have
Why? So you all can block that too?  Not your game anymore. Get over it.
deporting illegal immigrants getting them off welfare for which the American people pay for 
we should be enforcing the laws that are on the books that the Democrats haven't done in years
Wake up Chuck!
u know ur not getting re elected don't u
Lots of jobs are being created. How about  sch, you try creating some jobs. #UseLess
please resign now
Americans first!
Don't say what we should be doing, you SOB hypocrite. Liar and obstructionist.
it's son funny after 8 years in power you are saying this, lying, disgraceful politician.
Imagine what the $Trillions lost over the years supporting ILLEGAL immigrants instead of enforcing our LAWS could have done!
key word was American. Just because someone is staying in the US does not make the an American.
The USA is strong enough to do both.
He's already been creating jobs,  u listen too much to the (Clinton News Network). U R one sorry excuse for a Senator!
great idea Chuck. While we are at it why don't we let another 30million illegals in.
#DontheCon isn't working 4 America, he's working 4 himself He's a cheap date-flatter him & he's yours ask Putin
tick Tock chucky
dem/schmuker policy:  do as i say not as i do. Now smart little dem parrots go & spread my policy
And we can do that as soon as the illegals are dealt with Chuckles let's MAGA come on Chuck you know you want to
Let the free market create jobs, not government. No more infrastructure spending. We're already 20 billion in debt.
If you actually showed up at work and then did your job maybe you would get something done???? Obstructing is so much better.
Actually, you have vowed not to work with the President on anything, so don't pretend like you would.
American families?  come on Chuck
The government doesn't create jobs it just burns money!   Illegal aliens are not "American Families" they are Illegal.
So start working on that. You are hurting local economies by allowing illegals in.
obstructionist let the government work. You are not all powerful, you will fall and you will eat humble pie. #evilheartman
That is what @POTUS is trying to do but you Dems want an investigation every time you wake up. Remember y'all have elect. 2018
YOU REALLY NEED TO GET A CLUE!
UMMMM... NOBODYS SEPERATING "AMERICAN FAMILIES!" PEOPLE HAVE COME INTO OUR COUNTRY ILLEGALLY! MID CLASS PAYING FOR THEM!
You are an obstructionist. Point the finger at yourself. You are what is wrong with America.
Senator Schumer investigate Trump's ties to Russia. Did he collude to win the election. Electoral College effected?
btw the harming kids and American families I can give YOU! Protecting the criminal illegals does exactly that!! 
by American families, do you mean illegal immigrants? If their here illegally they are not American!Breakthelaw=pay the price!
Hmmm jobs & infrastructure seems like I heard that idea from someone other than you?  Oh I remember it was TRUMP! 
How come you didn't do that when Dems were in charge?
you are right this should of never got this far out of hands. Laws are put in place for a reason remember
Trump is fixing infrastructure and creating more jobs then you ever did. you are useless!
And how are we harming local economies? See is all just a bunch of crap lies and Chicken Little sky is falling with Democrats
= Hypocrite indeed
Sen. Schumer, I call on YOU to resign as you have yet to address John Podesta's tie with RUSSIA ,while running the Clinton Camp
you don't even know what's going on do you.
Illegal immigrants are not "American families" --- FTFY
. Think we can multi-task.
Try and tell that to Trump and his inexperienced lying staff!
Deporting illegals , harming criminals and prevent fraud is long overdue, is to protect American families.
maybe you should stop going after trump supporters. selling your crocodile tears.
American families ...you're a joke
Perhaps you could start an investigation as to what happened to Haiti relief money.
You had SO much Dignity before you reached for the top of your class, & looking fo TV time. Never vote for you again
Trump is and has been doing more for this country in a few months then you and Obama have done in 8 years
If Trump gave out bags of Cash as they crossed the border you would still complain the bag was the wrong color. Just stop!!
Screw off Schumer.
