And you know damned well if a democrat came up with the idea, you'd be behind it and making excuses as to why it's a great thing.
hehe!  Democrats PRETENDING they had nothing to do with a Congressional vote!?  Hey Democrats, do the same with Gorsuch!
This is atrocious!
just like your Socialism shows where your loyalties lie hmmmmm!
Political donors get whatever they want in the #Trump administration. Only money matters.
this is a fraud battle. In the original Obama bill it gave companies more latitude to take info.
I actually read letters was getting last year from ISPs. Ure a fraud CHUCK the biggest liar /snake oil salesman. #netneutrality
is one on of the biggest con artists in the world. He was born into millions and never had real job in his life.
his father was an exterminator and mother a housewife. You're confusing him with Trump, who really was born into $$$$
did they pay their fair share ? I don't care about trump.  I'm talking about Schumer. Who's been in politics forever.
how many people do poor people hire?
Where do Dem loyalties lie?  Why do you try to divide American people just like GOP? We want #BernieCare
Political Revolution on Twitter | .@SenSchumer, now is the time to #JoinBernie and support a Medicare For All syste… 
The GOP likes this until their search history becomes public!  #ImpeachTrump
Yes. How do we obtain it?
I'm not sure.
Obama let's facebook and Yahoo free from having to get consumers permission. Big liberal donors.
Thanks @POTUS for eliminating all these lunatic left regulations.
Have you seen this . Trump mob associates arrested by 
FBI/NYPD
Need Rico investigation into Don & mobster ties. He rang in New Year w "Joey No Socks & No Brains." Duh
and obama announced his run for office in the home of Bill Ayers.  Where were u then?
Fox viewer suffering from Fool-aid poisoning, run along rooskie troll
fox viewer - do you have any original thoughts?  snowflake.
If we just now knew where the Libtards loyalties lie
this is insanity.
leave UR schmedrick alone
Let's get a consistent privacy policy that applies to Equipment Mfg, Search Companies, ISP's & Wireless providers #realprivacy
a way to control voting?  better to profile
NOT to worry Chuck  and PS - without Big Business, is your SMARTPHONE going to be made from Roots and Sap? Your Car from bark?
Let me guess.  They can't sell Republicans information
It's clear that you loyalties do not lye with the American People. Wasting taxpayer dollars by filibustering Pres Trump's Supreme Court pick
soooo, you're pro selling private content in order to help giant corporations?
so you are pro socialism and letting the government have your private content in order to CONTROL you!!! Hmmm
2018 republicans will be near extinction
Chuck Schumer is probably the most hate filled man I have ever seen, I hope Trump remembers, payback!
it Is shocking that ppl are falling for this crap.
, You guys lie... They just put it back under one jurisdiction instead of two, where people's information was less safe.
don't even go there. Dems have put every American at risk. Next few day u will be going down in history as a traitor!
chuck....I just saw ur speech on immigrants...what part of criminal illegal don't u understand...partisan hack you are.
For some reason @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @GOP are very concerned about their own privacy/secrets but not the American people!
chuck Schumer is terrible for the American citizens. What a divider!
and your loyalties lie with illegal criminals, terrorist refugees& corruption. NOT with Americans
Dem criticism of big business would mean something if Dems would stop taking mountains of money from them.
: Might be the only time I ever agreed with u. U are so eager to dissent, why on earth didn't u filibuster and bring attention
when do you start working for the American people I haven't seen yet
when does your obstruction and lying stop your out-of-control take a pill sit down Nd do some work for a change
at least we didn't attack a female about who she voted for...cry baby.
hey Schumer where was your out rage when Hillary and Obama gave $130 billion to Iran when your office is down and shut up
yes with the creators not with the wasters!!!!
"NOT MY SENATOR"; starting the campaign to oust the worthless in Washington
C'mon chuckie poo That old worn out I'm for the working man & GOP is big business statements don't play anymore We know you
And where the hell were you when Obama handed our Internet over to ICANN?  That's right, you applauded him & said ZIP!
It's outrageous that privacy would be violated this way.But, it may shed light on questionable activities of GOPers.Sweet irony?
Pretty sure it was Obama who relinquished control of the Internet domains. But you were okay with that one, right?
fake news!
why u don't protest & investigate about the sale of uranium by the Clintons to Russia-u receive $ from them-democRATS insane?
wait a minute, isn't the government tracking our emails, smartphones/text message. I guess that's okay, right?! Please....
Yes, the side of fairness!
Trump et al are all about making money 4 themselves! No care 4 USA people! Vote out #GOP! Drain GOP swamp. #ProtectOurDemocracy
How can anyone take Crying Chucky seriously?
https://youtu.be/YWhqiSN-F_I 
Yeah, they have exterminators, they are called VOTERS. Watch out Rat Face.
lies with American people . But you don't get it
Like I believe your NYT. Lol  wish you would tell me off like you did to that lady in NYC. Go Trump!
@chickchick88 @nytimes gop stands for government over people
I heard there were only 15 GOP members that voted w/ Dems against privacy being sold to the highest bidder...list their names
Senator, that has been clear to a lot of us for a long time now.  Thank you for your efforts to block Gorsuch.
.@SenSchumer @nytimes For a Socialist/Communist it's terrible putting people back in control of there lives.
You should get a job with one of the many fake news firms. You are good at it. Not so good as a senator though!
pretty clear where your loyalties lie also.
Then you should be thrilled along with your double-talking DEM allies all who are backed by them and the media elites #hypocrisy
U need to actually hear yourself talk.For 8yrs u dems destroyed this nation.U looked out for yourselves,while the poor suffered
This is horrible.
chucky, if your not doing something illegal or immoral u should not be worried

#LIAR
Come on Chuckie you don't care about the American people
we cannot allow this to move forward.
Chuck Schumer when have you ever cared about actual Americans ? You are so pro illegals that it risks our safety & etc

let's see your donor  list. What,  didn't think we all know you're one of the biggest sellouts on the Hill
Like everything else he does. He says his supporters wanted the rich to get richer.
Fight please!! Don't want medical records, banking, phone & email records sold off. Vermont very strong on this! I like privacy!
RUNAWAY TRAIN W/ AMERICA'S MST GREEDY & IMMORAL REPRSNTING #GOP ALWYS DEFLECTING BLAME! THE TRUMPets OF  #ANTICHRIST HV ARRIVED!
they are no longer acting in the public interest.
were you worried about privacy when you were screaming at the Califanos in Sette Mezzo? How can you afford to eat there NEway?
Good point!
Upchuck losing his grip...thinks hes invincible
you guys pull same stuff you're just sneaky about it
As usual, a false narrative!
Corruption at a level unmatched in my lifetime. #FollowTheMoney
They say it's fine to sell our private information while the break laws to hide and obstruct the investigation into (Russia).
so much for personal privacy
Schumer is a terrorist sympathizer.
I guess Repubs aren't all that interested in protecting citizen privacy rights. #USAconstitution
Rico! that's what warrants are for.something else up his sleave. Didn't his ex wife say he slept with a hitter book beside h bed
u did so much better trumps just getting going u schumer are all washed up
Truly amazing that any working class person can support the corrupt GOP, when party demonstrates it's contempt for working class
chuck, u r wasting time and tax money filibustering @GorsuchNeil U supported him in 2006 at circuit level.
Talk about big business.....
Right now, just $100 would be helpful. @masonbo @asia742 @SenSchumer #outoftouch #forgetthelittlepeople
Chuck U Schumer you are as crazy as they come
does being the Dem leader just mean you're an ass all the time?  I don't recall the great ones/Tip being 1
Didn't Obama give away the internet?
Why, why why why do people not get that. And keep on voting for them. I must be an elite Dem because I do not understand.
I'm with u on this. Follow the money & it makes more sense.
Reps follow the money to line their pockets. Dems follow principles. We need to think like them to develop strategies.
And where is yours Chuck? Think you amassed a wealth off the taxpayers of NY? Pot calling the kettle black.
ah so that makes it all okay then, right? GOP off the hook because you think Schumer is a bad guy too? Be better.
Leaves nobody off the hook. Hate the double standard and hypocrisy on either side. Dealt with Chuck for years
Thank you for all you are doing to fight for Americans!
@chivocubano @SenSchumer He is an obstructionist
How did Munes vote? Isn't this a public de masking by big corporations?
This is so outrageous. Another example how GOP favors big business over consumers and privacy! No justification whatsoever!
Everyone in the Trump administration be like...
they are all about privacy except when it has to do with the bedroom or corporations making money.
your are correct their loyalty belongs to the American people.  Democrats always voting against America.
how is allowing corps. to sell your history 'pro-people'?
@Cyndee00663219 @nytimes Follow the money!  #PayToPlay #Resist
This type invasion needs to be addressed in the courts. You all are not qualified to decide our rights
where are your loyalties ? Not us. Where was your outrage over Russian amb. Visiting Obama 22 times in WH?
Wonder when private citizen wiretapping starts. Has there ever been a more skewed government?
What amazes me is how shortsighted @GOP fails to see how their choices adversely affect ALL Americans, not just Dems!
Chuck, you and all elected officials need to do something and not pass this bill ASAP thanks
Trump took away our privacy, freedom of press, freedom from pollution & obstruction! He made Putin proud! Intel get his butt!
Thank u for ur hard work. Hope u will keep the pressure up. U must be doing something well to have all these trolls after u.
yup, and it brings jobs jobs jobs
what jobs? How many jobs? And why is it okay to violate privacy to add a job or two?
okay, how do we "fire" the circus clowns that have infested the white house? Because, those clowns have got to go.
After your restaurant outburst the other night, your credibility is tarnished. Seems you hate all @GOP's.
what ever happened to our rights to our own private information.
DIVIDER , find a new job, U 
what is terrible for American ppl is the constant attack on those that voted for @POTUS and the attack on him. Time to unite!!!
He wants his taxes & lies kept confidential but citizens' privacy rights are for sale. Rico, inquiry please! Bring back Preet!
Bad score if one is a male seeing a female doctor, or if one has kids-PBMs selling prediction scores!  http://bit.ly/1J1jSbS 
Another big business decision,to heck with my personal data as long as big business profits,Repubs selling us out again
better is this; Start up the Packard! "but a classic car that was FDR's-imagine it." Cuomo's loyalties lie w image.. #ALLBroken
Consumers scored w/prediction adherence & data sold every time we fill prescriptions by PBMs  http://bit.ly/1J1jSbS 
GOPhas been partyof big biz4 decades but u've lost 1000 seats2them.U obviously need2dobetter job of framing GOP loyalty
As I keep saying with 45 in office it is now #1usedcountry4sale2highestbidder
Excess Scoring with broadband selling personal data, it will get worse & we are scored out of context http://bit.ly/1OpHRq4 
the American people know the politicians that were bought by internet providers and will not let it be forgotten at the polls
have you lost your mind? (F)broad band cable,if you Dont get back to POTUS INQ YOU ARE obstructing this investigation
Proud to have a grass roots Dem like you in leadership!!! At least I *think* Wall Street has grass somewhere. No?
the Dems already have all our info via NSA CIA FBI...eventually farmed out to 3rd parties
damn. Didn't realize that the Dems created the Patriot Act 
been going on since the 70s..@cnn 2013 article democrats look away from NSA spying or defend it
again, the Patriot Act was passed by GOP and focussed on spying on its own citizens. But let's look away from that
do you know actually how Congress works? Democrats vote too as did Schumer
it's true, they did.
My own government does not have the right to allow anyone to sell my information. Will we be allowed an "opt out"?
What has America become? I immigrated here thinking America was better than this
yes, and they lie in #Russia
dementia twins chucky and pelosi can share the same room at the nursing home
SCHUMER TERRIBLE FOR NEW YORK VOTE CHUCK OUT
Help the donor. harm the people. Campaign on abortion and social issues.
this infuriates me!
. LIAR.  The rich got stunningly RICHER over the last 8 years.  You helped do it.  Google the numbers people.
GOP held the house and senate for six of those years. That's why. President isn't king...
This is unacceptable!
this is unfathomable. Does @GOP think their data isn't involved? Once they fall victim to its abuse it will come back up.
Is it though? We are tired of corporate shenanigans &can see right through their manipulations. If intrusive won't buy products.
GOP is always about big biz. When is the last time they helped the regular Joe.
Let's see how many good blue collar jobs have been earmarked in the last 2 months? More than Obama in 8 years
And what was the third branch of Government?
this will lead to more identity theft. I am a victim it's terrible
so Congress needs to pass legislation protecting my privacy
as a software developer, I’m glad you voted nay!
next step close Internet down
I'm disheartened so@many voted for "change" without understanding the issues at stake. We are all being punished for profits
You can still block them. VPN.
it's already done for last 10 years!
GETAMERICABACK..PLEASE SEN.SCHUMER..
with medical records online how is this not against the law
exactly. No one thought about that. Go on GOP with u r agenda 2018 is coming.
yeah that's a long time from now
just awful. Thanks for fighting for us senator Schumer. We need you
...like we need a hold in head.
