Good Democratic National Party should return his money as should the GOP. Let's drain the swamp it's pretty murky. America waking up finally
Haha, when was the last time @GOP returned money 
Most of their money is dark unaccounted for money anyways. The gop will always take money with intentions of pushing dark lobbyist agendas
Uhhh...u left part out.  Should be GOP & DEM
they are all overpaid useless polititians taking $ anywhere from anyone.
New to Twitter however I know somewhere yesterday I said that both GOP and Democrats needed to drain the swamp.
Dorlen.. my reply was to A-Tron.  Apologize 4 nt seeing u & 5 others attached.
Didn't see ur tweet concerning both GOP & DEMS.
Thnx 4 reply.
Thank you that was nice of you like I said I'm new to the Tweet thing but I had to get on board. This old dogs learning new tricks LOL

Receipts please?
But you coach Kimmel Chuckie boy.
Jimmy was to busy having a women feel his crotch to Comment on Weinstein.

KIMMEL: "You should put your mouth on it"

people of the same sort or with the same tastes and interests will be found together.
That's it Chuck?  That's all you have to say about this disgusting man who has been harassing women for decades?
Sure you are.
Oops chuckie and his bff Weinstein busted!!
Thank You. They are all great organizations.
Honestly, I think he's a pig. BUT I don't get why the Dems r bowing to GOP/Media pressure on it. Dems need more Machiavelli, less Uriah Heep
And you looked the other way.  Just like how you looked the other way when the DNC rigged the primary for Hillary.
And you looked the other way instead of calling on the house to impeach 45 when you know damn well he is crazy! You care more about your job
Sorry, moving money from checking to savings does not constitute “giving it back”
Interesting all praised him until he was busted. Then everyone stepping away so they don't get caught. What a hypocrite to War on Women!
You knew sir!
Really Chuck? You waited until now?? C'mon, Chuck... We've all known about this guy for decades. Spare us the high, righteous act. You just got caught with your money guy's pants down. Again. And again. And again. #HypocriteSchumer
Todd- how very gross, that you knew about him for decades and are JUST now saying something to be relevant.
I'm not a Hollywierdo, nor a politician. I'm simply one of Chuck's peon constituents about whom he cares very little.
#HypocriteSchumer
Send some to Puerto Rico!
Of course, we have a sitting President who’s accused of the same, but where’s the justice there ?
No he's not. Those witnesses were all paid to lie. He's accused of nothing. No comparison.
Trumps own statements implicate him! Who’s paying you ?
Are you nuts? Forget answering that. You’re comments make it clear that you are.
I can't be the only one that thinks HW's behavior is pretty much the same as Bill Clinton's.....
So how long is it before they check into you using your authority to fix criminal mistakes of your family?
Is that all you got to say?? How ironic Chuck! 
Maybe you should give the $ to Porto Rico
Calls him mister but is disrespectful towards our President. Showing your true self....
Right, Ur so shocked, Major Dem Donor with Open Secret of being a Sexual Predator, U all covered for him cuz of $$$$
Big of u Chuckie
Weinstein is a prevert.
returning political donation $  does not absolve you of ignoring weinsteins assault on women.
crybaby chuck, these assaults on women have been known for years. u & others are as guilty he by denying these actions & accepting donations
Just don't send it to Planned Parenthood because then you would be funding the slaughter of innocent babies.
tht was awful sending them money!  Course the money Bill oval office closet Clinton sends is just fine.
Two faced
Useless polititian
Hypcrt
Oh?  That 'tainted' money is good enough for them, huh.  I bet you get a lot more from others who have done worse.  Get the checkbook out!
We want to see the record of that but still in your pocket
Oh now you're done sucking off of him seampking

I do agree with Senator Chuck Schumer a Trillion times
It's the Democrat way. Act like you care about women while molesting them. Like Bill Clinton and Lolita express. Look up Lolita Express
Weinstein's another pig hypocrite.
You are either the dumbest man alive or you were as guilty as the rest for covering this up. You knew, everyone knew. @rosemcgowan
You knew, you all knew, it’ll come out, he just got caught. Dems liked that $$$$ rolling in. 
Just like Bill Clinton! Disgusting!
I'll bet you keep the money for yourself Schumer
I am sure they will appreciate the money. Thank you. Time for Trumps accusers to be made public, not hidden behind money & nondisclosures.
And let's not leave out Bill Clinton closet antics IN OVAL OFFICE.
Birds of a feather...
Sure Chuck, now that the cover is blown...you all are hypocrites! @BarackObama @HillaryClinton #DNC #notshocked
I think you should worry about your state of California burning to the ground don't you think crying chuck.
Don’t act like you did not know, you took his money!!! Now you claim Ingnorance!!!! Your a hypocrite
You excoriated trump for supposed delay in Charlottesville. What took you so long to denounce this awful behavior? Hypocrite.
Yet you are still going on about Trump being a sexual predator, when you were protecting one, and not Trump.  HYPOCRITE
Can we have actual names of these recipients and exact amounts of $ ?
Haha, sure you are.
You knew and didn't care.
Here's Bernie Madoff's pal @SenSchumer with rapist Harvey Weinstein.
Yes it was but u already knew he was a predator of women & u accepted his money hypocrite lying political hack America see u self serving
And the Clinton's accepting his donations cause Bill Clinton just as guilty of being a sexual predator

But you all had free use of the funds up to now.
YOU ARE SUCH A HYPOCRITE HW REPUTATION WAS WELL KNOWN! just prove how much a liar you are
If what he did was awe full, why did you allow Clinton at your convention and still pal around with him?
Well doesn't this make you a saint...not!
Like you you didn't know. You likely aided and abetted.  Birds of a feather
Why not give all the money to pay debt with IRS? Or to nonpartisan nonpolitical groups? Why took it
Awful? That's the best you've got? You're a joke.
Birds of a feather chuck!  How is the Menendez trial going, we don't hear much from MSM, wonder why
Stop lying about POTUS Tax cuts. Same ol crap you Dems spew for 50 years. Go to economics classes. LIAR
You're a liar Chucky. EVERYONE'S tax rates are reduced. Those who pay up to 10% now (middle class) goes down to 0%. 15% goes down to 5%.
Dear Lord this man is evil please strike him down with brain cancer.  Amen
Are you defending this guy? So typical of Dems, hypocrites.
Chuck Schumer saw Harvey Weinstein take a shower
Typical Democrat, another bubble boy let his trousers loose.
to the STAFFER who stole chuckles phone to tweet this out, I'm sure you will get SOME people to believe he sent this out about his goodbuddy
Sure you are
Good friend of yours?
We need campaign finance reform. Then pervs, cheats, big business cannot control our government.
Poor Chucky no issues with Clinton but feigns ignorance on Weinstein..
I agree, however the news is so focused on Mr Weinstein that it makes me wonder if this is more distraction to take the focus off Trump.
Trump didn’t assault anyone. Like this guy and Bil Clinton. Get a grip on reality.
Dems like you were aware of his predatory behavior for decades. He's not the only Hollywood fat cat who behaves this way.
So u did take some of his money. Interesting.
Way to go, sir!
Well done Chuck - signed a big (now lesser) critic
Send the money back!
Chuck Schumer he's on the senior citizens retirement list and I think it's getting pretty close go out with honor not pity
Are you thinking of hiring an In-home #caregiver or considering to move in to a #senior #retirement community?

https://www.facebook.com/NightingalePrivateCareHomeCare/photos/a.319836841482669.1073741825.158704964262525/1154439428022402/?type=3&theater …
Yeah right so then they can turn around and send the money back to you yeah we know the game
I don't know what to think of this guy- I've read the thread, more than half seem to dislike him, other people say okay. He hasn't responded
Orgies ?
Chuckle and OPM
Yes, awful, and what you Sen Schumer do politically to America is figurstively just as awful. Socialism uses government to rape wealth from others so politicians can control & allocate tax money while receiving so called campaign contributions for government financial favor.
Mmmmm dirty money
Took you and Hillary long enough.  But yet you spewed your gun control agenda while the blood was still wet on the ground.  Disgraceful.
Blah blah blah. Typical dem hey old Chuckie boy
Just one of the boys, eh Chucky?
Pathetic leadership Chuck
Yeah, sure you are.
Weinstein Intimidated Women into Servicing Dem Leadership w Sex Favors. Congressional Investigation Warranted!
@SenSchumer i don't always agree with you, but I can not deny you are a good man doing a good job for the people of NY.
What Mr. Schumer did was awful. Giving support 2 unions while turning his back on Delphi Salaried. Unequal, unlawful & immoral. Pls reply
Thank you
You knew the entire time! Lol. Dem Hypocrisy exposed once again. Save America by ending your Dem racial warfare divides for cheap political points. This guy. #Chuck&HillKnew
So was your boy Weiner. What is it with you Dems that you associate with so many pervo predators
DONATIONS HERE!!
chuckie, he donated big to your demo-rat party
Took you 5 days to share your disgust & commit to giving away sicko's donations. Sad you waited for Big Dems, HC & Obamas, to comment first!
Ya Think! Tell me you and every other DEM who hasn't been Comp'd by Weinsein. How many Weinstein Orgies did YOU attend, before he was Caught
So you and Hillary and the Obamas have to be shamed into discrediting this guy five days later really
As if you didn't know about the open secrets about him.
@POTUS "FOC" friend of chuck! Made a comfortable living off his many friends like Weinstein. He's called "pockets" behind senate doors!
Weinstein, Wiener , Wasserman and Waters ....All Star Dem lineup!!!
I see ZERO difference between Weinstein and Trump.The idea that they can do whatever they want 2 women because of some twisted sense of self
Thank you!

Honk honk 
You knew what type of person he was all the time. You still took his money. Now you are trying to distance yourself from him. Shame!
Its still his money--give it back--
Oh , aren’t you just a saint. Your just as slimy
And you knew nothing until Times story?  Are you sure?
I think you better make friends with President Trump it's getting a little hot on your side of the aisle
You're cut from the same cloth. It's all about the money and votes with you  chuck . Anyone with half a brain knows this
What Trump is doing is more awful! #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Seems you have no problem with a big, fat, smelly, obnoxious pig yanking it while forcing you to watch.
#revealing
#GetHelp
You need meds nitwit
You're your buddy loves him Mrs. Clinton
You all knew it and you still receive donation.  This has being  gping on for a long TIME and now you act like this plz
About time. Leadership is action that is expedite and before it’s been 5 days and he lost his job. Your delayed response.
Great decision, Chuck!!  I seldom agree with you politically, but I agree with you on your analysis of Weinstein.
Thanks Chuck.
That is a smart way to do it. Don't give back his money. He won't need it where he is going.
@SenSchumer  you are still keeping the money within the party, you are such a clown
Thank you Senator!
Don't believe you http://Chuck.Show  us proof.
#Upset #noRT#unbelievable#dont understand #WTF
What about the money he helped raise at his fundraisers. #printthelist
You knew what he was when you hugged him and took his $$. You are worse than him
Schumer, who had to know his reputation as sexual predator,but didn't care 
Love you a million times over.
Bet that hurt the ol' wallet ! Too bad, choose better friends Mr Senator
Your Buddy Chuck! Such poor judge of character !
About 10% of it? Charities of your choice? Just send it to Clinton foundation, they will know what to do with it!
You can't  only look at some actions you look at the whole picture. Everybody wants something. Lives not indangered.Why now? Contract over?
You're not for real.

#TrollFarm
Take you 5 days to come up with that plan? Wondering why it isn't being donated in total to a battered woman or rape crisis center?

BTW Chuck I’m having you checked for the amount of $$$ you received from your good friend Harvey. Resign now. More to come protector of shit
Return the donations to all of his victims,  and all of his campaign donations.
You're such a phony
You are pocketing more of it.
Best friends
Wish @GOP would do the same for any money  raised for @realDonaldTrump, also a known sexual predator for decades.
Aren’t u special. Took u long enough. When will NY realize yur a crooked piece of Shit!!
You should know ..wasn't that you standing beside him
Took long enough

Prove the donation and charity
And this man had done the same, they should share a cell
No he didn't do the same at least he acted and spoke like a man not a degenerate mouse
I want to see receipts, Chucknuts
how many days late
