Sorry, you are giving them false hope. They need to leave and come back the legal way. Respect our laws! Respect America.
You mean "sigan (not según) marchando." Stop butchering the Spanish language "Crocodile tears" Schumer!
estupido.....
@FriendlyJMC @SenSchumer He could have been great, instead in line with the others who have ties that bind them.
hey Chuck start thinking about Americans and the legal citizens that are here. You just want more new voters illegal ones
still waiting for you to apologize for being an accessory in the rape of the 12 yr old.  Or are you trying to get him set free?
This is the US and you represent Americans!
Rápido, desfinanciar #SanctuaryCities detener al desafiante @NYCMayor #HagamosAméricaSeguroOtraVez. #ICE Pronta Deportación
Besas mi culo gringo!
Chuck you do not speak, read, or write Spanish. Stop the BS! Communicate in English.
Come to the US & follow the laws.Take responsibility & learn THE LANGUAGE! People want to be in the US & not put in the effort.
You are an embarrassment with this constant identity shit, you did NOTHING to help them before Trump, this shit is on your hands
@realdonaldtrump Mi mensaje a Chuck: que la gente registrada para convertirse en ciudadanos legales como immgrents todos.
Desvergonzada proxenetismo, nadie cree esta tontería.
your a FAKE !
what what speak English please
Loco cabron
hey race baiter, are you going to tweet in any other foreign language?
Mi mensaje es que si usted está aquí ilegalmente, salga.
Put on a dress you are the Twitter Queen

Panderer in chief
Como un Senador elegido por el constituyente, endosa actividades ilegales, lo hacen para tener ventaja electoral. Irresponsable
very senator like of you chuck.. were you mad at the wife and just took it out on a citizen? Any apologies for this?
For all those saying "speak English", the us has no official language. And 14% of New Yorkers speak spanish
Providing services & statements in a language people will understand is not pandering, esp if it's an issue that effects them
Is this code for telling the illegals to flee ICE You PO
My family immigrated from Ireland and France, legally. Are you going to release a statement in either of those languages?
how's he hating?
Thank you illegals for working for all my buddies for low wages so we can continue to exploit you while acting like we care, Ha!
would love to see you actually step up to a mic, glasses hanging off the end of your nose, and repeat this phrase in Spanish.
stop lying Schumer
While Trump targets SW immigrants, friends here in SE are largely islanders speaking French. Tweet for them, s'il vous plait?
P.S. The immigrants I know are legal, and voted. Against Trump. You represent many Americans who appreciate your work. Thanks.
usted es un idiota todo lo que tu quires es votes de emigrantes y no lo que es mejor  para los Estados Unidos  y sus cidudanos
If you can go out on the Senate floor and actually say this I will donate to your campaign.
Hey Chuckie....You represent Mexico or America?

This is America speak our language.
This is America, act like an American and stop hating everyone who is not just like you.
shut up,Eliot.This is AMERICA!If our residents aren't trying to speak English, they aren't assimilating
ICE
Es muy importante, por cierto.
mi mensaje para usted es que se CALLE LA JETA y deje que el @POTUS @realDonaldTrump haga su trabajo.
loco
