You have to pass it to see what's in it.

Regards,
Nancy Pelosi
That bill had 160 hours of debate. If that made you mad, you ought to be fuming about the GOP hiding this from you.
The only thing I'm fuming about is that we have govt involved in HC. Medicaid & Medicare is enough. The rest needs to be private
And for the record, no @GOP lawmaker was involved with ACA.
They made amendments to the bill. They had 160 hours to debate.
So you completely forgot BHO saying that elections have consequences? Give me a break. Medicaid and Medicare was enough Govt needs out of HC
What does that have to do w/ the maj leader refusing to debate a bill? What is he scared of? If only he was as brave as BHO &would discuss
It was a reply to your hypocrisy. Socialized med is horrible. Govt wastes enough money, why would any1 want them dictating HC?
You wouldn't look at it anyhow. But if you do I sure would love to see some more tears CRYING CHUCK. 
To be so partisan that you are against your own interests... I can't wrap my head around it.
Obamacare is a bust. To pay $1400 a month with a 5 person family and a $13,500 deductible per person, that's not in my best interest #stupid
Debating the bill that the GOP is putting forth is in everyone's best interest. Saying nothing about the current plan.
Sorry Obamacare didn't get ANY debate. None. So nope repubs r in control now. Just don't like that they are doing what democrats did.
Feel free to get me a source on that. Everything I find says it was debated and amendments suggested by GOP.
All you have to do is read. Look up senator Reidsville comments and look at YouTube.  Honestly
I'm not that interested. I verified my info. question: why wouldn't u support this bill being debated? What good comes from ignorant voters
Schumer obstructionism
How so? If it was a good plan you really think they would hide? When's the last time a politician hid a bill they were proud of?
Good legislation is not instant legislation you want fierce debate to knock out something that will not crumble
Gotcha. I think we Agree. Schumer is asking for debate and McConnell is denying it
Sent you to Washington to work for the American people not fulfill your own wishes or ideology. STOP Fighting! Get healthcare & taxes done!!
you want him to vote on something he has never read, or had the opportunity to review before? Because that would not be work.
Pelosi did
you are basically saying that because this one person jumped off a bridge, we should as well.
Said nothing like that.
if that is true, and you think it would be a mistake to pass legislation without passing it, why did you bring that statement up?
I think that if the Dems want to continue to put their egos ahead of the people, the rep should vote and pass it. Obamascam is dead
without reading it? You want to do who knows what basically out of spite? Seems like an... interesting political philosophy.
Did you read all of Obamacare before you  passed it . No not near read the bills.
The way you & your obstructionist pals behave, who can blame them? GROW UP ALREADY!
LISTEN TO THIS FOOL U AND THE DEMS. ARE LYING TO THE AMERICAN AND CHUCK. WE WILL NOT LOSE OUR INSURANCE. STOP WITH THE LIES DEMS.

You were given the opportunity to help write it but you refused. Also....who said "pass it then you can read it"! Hypocritical rhetoric!
You have to pass the bill to find out what is in it.
@robdromb please find out how much money those 13 especially McConnell and Ryan stand to pocket from destroying lives.
Grow up already!
I, MY, KIDS  FAMILY, MANY FRIENDS  MILLONS   AMERICANS   DON'T   WANT TO PAY YOUR  SALARIES  BENEFITS  GOV  CARD
Do you, your kids, family, many friends, millions Americans ever need medical care? Do you ever need a doctor?
CONGRES PAYS THEMSELVES  STEAL  ENRICH THEMSELVES  USE  GOV  CARD  PERSONAL  USE RUBIO  PAID DRIVEWAY
Be a man chuck and start a bill that abolishes paid health care for congress. Then we'll talk.
thank you, @SenSchumer, for at least striving for fairmindedness, sensibleness, civility, and dialogue, even if you were rebuffed.
You have GOT to be kidding! Schumer's obstructionism is strangling this country. He needs to go!
All the looney liberal terrorist need to be voted out. Enough is enough. They forget Trump was voted in because we don't want liberalism.
It's shocking how McConnell continues to get reelected. Such a shrewd and callous public official; one who doesn't work for the public good
You just described ALL dim wit dims.
CHUCK STOP WITH THE LIES. PEOPLE READ THE BILL DON'T BELIEVE CHUCK AND THE DEMS.THEY ARE JUST NOT WANTING TO DO THERE JOB FOR THE AMERICANS
Didn't your party do the same thing when you created & passed Obamacare?  Maybe you should work together for the good of all. #hacks
No consent. Hold the floor. Amend it to death.
Whatever you have to do to keep this tax cut masquerading as a "healthcare" bill from passing

Complain.  Complain.  Complain.   You are a broken record.
We don't care what you think "chuckie the obstructionist"
Senate GOP healthcare bill/amendment should be made public today. Quit deceiving with #fakenews about secrecy. #ShowUsTheBill
This is NOT how Democracy works. Resist and persist.
That's how it worked when Obamacare was passed. Unless of course you agree the Dems back then also acted undemocratically.
106 public meetings, 170 republican amendments about 18 months to pass the ACA.  Not the same at all.
How long have you been in Washington chuck? All of a sudden you don't know how things work? Come on.
Schumer can you interpret it, if you see it?
Why seeking just 10 hours? Serious question.
People that believe Schumer are an embarrassment to stupid people. Retweet that!
@SenateMajLdr America sees what you are doing. This is wrong of you, Trump & the GOP.
Carma. Dims did it with ACA. Hypocrit
Show bill? Why don't they just pass it to see what's in it….
Dems #HoldTheFloor
You forgot anti american Dems...

Man Chuckie Schumer just about sums up the anti american Democrat party: HYPOCRITES

The majority of Americans support you! #HoldTheFloor
That's what you think. Bet you were also sure Hillary was a sure thing, too. SURPRISE!
It's not what I think. It's about the fact that this current healthcare debacle has a 17% approval rating.
The American people would like to see a copy of the replacement! Resist this nonsense.  We will persist! !!
Which is why you will continue to lose elections.
I am sorry I missed your point?
No different than how Obama care was handled. Is there a video of you complaining back then?.

Crickets
That's bullshit.
Really ? You are responsible for Ocare now you critize Republicans for trying to correct your wrongs? Omg ! Ridiculou
I don't care if you agree with the bill or not...Both parties should be allowed to see wth is being proposed. This is ridiculous.
Did you also tell that to the dim wit dems when they didn't read ACA or allow Rep to vote on it? Or are you just being hypocritical?
sissy!
Most secretive bill you have ever seen? Were you in a coma during the Obama administration?
Clearly you've already forgotten about Obamacare; the most closely guarded legislation ever passed by the Dems
Nobody even saw obamacare ! #libhypocricssystrikesagain
"The only way we are going to know what's in this bill, is to pass this bill." Your buddy said this. And Obamacare was passed.
Chuck you have nothing to whine about Obamacare is unraveling as you planned your just sad they are not going down single payer path
...........#Obamafraud is DONE Chucky boy
What do you care? You won't vote for it. Prepare for another beating in November.
Even Pelosi didn't know what obamascam was all about. You will all keep losing elections.
Did you show them the Obamacare bill??? U idiots didn't even read it yourselves.
Flint Michigan is down to One Insurance Company that honors Obama Care.
The Bill Must pass for you to see what's in it. Remember? You Left Wingers work for the People ....copy Our President's actions.
Why so the Dems socialistic movement can bankrupt Tennessee too?
Pass it and then you can read what's in it.  Lol I believe that's what your idol Nancy Pelosi said. Idiots. ....... Get a job!
Yes by the way all congressman and senator's get to go on national healthcare first. That's only fair. Good for country good for you
You don't deserve to see the bill just sit back do nothing, you have experience w/that & watch or POTUS #MAGA  the Resistance
Never forget Pelosi's quote. But that's okay. Typical liberal hypocrisy.
Maybe you are deaf?  You will see it tomorrow and have a whole week to bitch about it, probably without even reading it.
Do you remember when we were told you have to pass the bill to know what's in it? #hypocrisy
Will you just stop your bellyaching and get something done!
How does it feel Chuck to be left out and unimportant
Ask Nancy Pelosi U have to vote for the bill to know what's in it. Maybe the GOP should take page out of Dem playbook & lie to Americans!
They are a bunch of assholes taking away all our rights
Chuck, this is the same DNC-CPUSA message of Hate & Resist.  Can't you quit hating?
You have to pass it to see what's in it, you Bolshevik.
What should we show it we will but Pelosi said you have to Pass the Bill to SEE what's in it but the GOP is not Cooperating Really
Even more horrifying, will they do as the democrats did with Obamacare?
Umm.....chuckie, flashback issues?
Chuck, please stop with your politicking. U didn't care when Dems passed ACA with no Repub support. Can't take you serious anymore.
Senator they are going to do the same thing you did with Obama Care!  You have a short hypocritical mind.
Hey, Chuck.
How many X have you slinked to podium to reiterate:
If Reps want to amend Obamacare we will participate.
Repeal=Resistance
So you can leak everything and slam it before it done. NO. Hey shumer your approval rating sucks btw.
Tweet that
@SenSchumer I can't believe how obtuse u are senator! Don't u remember when @NancyPelosi said u have to pass the bill before u can read it?
THEY DONT NEED TO SHOW YOU ANYTHING, THEY DONT NEED YOU ,THEY DONT NEED YOUR INPUT AND THEY SURE AS HELL DONT NEED YOUR VOTES
They don't want you to review the bill. That would be democratic
This makes me sick.
"You first have to pass the bill to find out what's in it," Sen. Diane Feinstein on Obama Care. Hypocritical Dems.
#ShowUstheBill please we want a Full Review this #trumpcare bill, not skimmed, not half but a full review on this bill please. It not hard.
Well no break until it gets done all of do your jobs
@SenateMajLdr McConnell's Politburo has decided "Nyet!"
Why did you not treat the Republicans to the same when Obamacare was forced down the throats of Americans and fined if you did not swallow
If they gave you 20 years you still wouldn't read it. Democrats are not very smart people.
They need to pass it to see what's in it. What's good for the goose-----'
You guys need some pizzas?
#HoldTheFloor
sounded like NO ANSWER TO ME. if @SenateMajLdr if it's written like most bills, it will take a friggin year to understand it!  DON'T CAVE!
Can't stand Mitch McConnell. He and Paul Ryan are the most devious of the GOP. These two 'Do Nothings' need to be removed from Legislature!
God forgive the #gop for all the people they want to murder with this bill. May they see the light and look out for all His children
Mitch! Think about the Americans you will hurt before you act! Fix do not Repeal !
Chuckie Boy think back to dems ramming Obama care down GOP throats and Pelosi's pass it to see what's in it. Sucks doesn't jerk.
I thought McConnell agreed to being more civil. I thought that's what he promised last week after the shooting.
How's it feel to be treated as you treated us?
“But we have to pass the [health care] bill so that you can find out what’s in it....”
Atleast go with something original maybe deplorablecare. Do you even have a thought of your own.
A great guy named Randy Bryce is running against Paul Ryan in Wisconsin 1st. Randy will blow Ryan out of the water.
My guess is you have a better chance of seeing it before "We the People".  Do the people a favor and read the effing thing this time.
Schumer is a despicable hypocrite. Do you think we forget how the original was done 7 years ago, & "Pass it to find out what's in it"?
You didn't with obama care
Mr Schumer. That is funny. Dems had to pass Obamacare just to find out what's in it. At least Reps give you time to read it. Quit it.
Ample = no. @SenateMajLdr needs to adjust his viewpoint -- a lot.
I remember: "You have to pass it to see what's in it." Blatant conniving hypocritical lying idiots.
Anyone who votes on this bill without reading, studying, and waiting for a CBO review of it is unworthy to represent U.S. citizens.
This is a disgrace! .@SenateMajLdr is a #Traitor to the American people! He is bordering on Hitler-like behavior! #HealthcareBill .@GOP EVIL
It takes that long for their Viagra to Kick In

Yet you persist in biased obstruction. Smh
@SenateDems If #GOP only allow #Dems 10 hrs #Trumpcare review, have aid scan & post publicly ASAP. Plan to be up all night. #ShowUsTheBill
This is disgusting. Americans are being raped by the #GOP. They are encouraging class warfare. #NoAHCA
You could be Tip ONiel but instead your the tip of the Dim problem, no leadership no plan no idea
What good would that do? You wrote Obamacare, I don't think we need the democrats advise ! YOU ARE FAILURES! 8 years, of TOTAL DESTRUCTION 
We didnt get to see Obamacare.
#releasethetaxes
 #releasethetaxes
yeah kind of like getting a straight answer from you on any other issues, and when you going to look at Hillary and lynch
interesting that mitch's wife works in trump cabinet.  money must be good for old mitch  right now   no one shoots santa claus
Well, chuckles, elections have consequences. The American people put Democrats in the minority because they don't trust you.
Why should we show U Dems anything?! U voted in Obama Care without even reading if first!!! Idiots! Go home! We don't need your votes!
Hold the floor and fight!
If dems look they will slam. It does not matter what's in it.... Waste of time showing it to them
The GOP is doing the same exact thing Dems did. How's that feel Chuckie? Don't like it? "You have to pass it to see what's in it"
"We'll have ample opportunity to read and amend the bill..." ~Sen McConnell LIKELY the BIGGEST LIE WE HAVE HEARD SO FAR !
OMG Chucky your party said we have to pass it to see what's in it. Now u want to make a big stink about reviewing GOP bill?! Good grief!!
There he blows crying again trying to instill fear and lies to the people 
Did Senate Dems show the bill in 2009? #hypocrite
Don't review it STOP IT! Otherwise the lives of millions of disabled people will be in your hands
How can you preach this when your party passed OBOMA CARE wrecking our economy and you NEVER EVER ONCE thought about reading it !!
Sure. But you have to pass the bill before you can see what's in the bill.
"Swedish consular officials, who act as interlocutors between Washington and Pyongyang."Swedes are responsible for Otto's release, not TRUMP
Take a hike, @SenSchumer! We don't want ObamaCare. It's a trainwreck that's costing my generation so much, giving us so little.

The king of straight answers?
Come on chuckie, you have to pass it 2 know what's in it, just ask nancy...D.A
The republicans had years to come up with a decent health care act. Why can't the republicans give the rest 10hrs2review
I agree the bill should be shown to all, but remember the ACA was secret and voted on Christmas Eve. You have no room to complain
@GOP Right like you obstructionists jammed the failed Obamacare down the throats of the working class.
I seem to recall Obamacare being passed in the middle of the night...
Ask Pelosi how that works, first you pass it THEN you read it.
Does anyone read tweets sent to @SenateDems or @SenateGOP? Why Sen Schumer R they going back to high mortality & having no respect 4 women.
Our government has become a joke.  I feel like I am some sort of reality show nightmare.  As an American, I am so disappointed in my country
This is such a disrespect to the American people.  Its hard to see my country as evolved and free when this is acceptable
Is that anything like "You have to pass the bill to read it?"  When will you back of this obstruction? U R Bad for AMERICA. Highly Toxic!
Wow 10 whole hours. So kind of them. Maybe you can get 12 so it includes dinner/lunch. What a nightmare
Is everyone on twitter too young to remember just a few years ago when the dems tried to deep dick this country? There still trying.
No press?????!!! Don't let this snake fool you, sounded good when he spoke up for the people, then BOOM No Press wtf!!!!!Behind closed door!
You mean it doesn't have to pass first to see what's in it?  That rule doesn't apply to the Democrats?
HYPOCRITE! YOU & PELOSI with Obamacare: "You must pass the bill FIRST to see what's in it." And u have the BALLS 2 DEMAND repubs YIELD 2 U?
You did not read the Obamacare bill why would you read this one re: N Pelosi
Keep fighting Senator! Very proud to have you as my representative in Congress right now.
Pelosi "vote 4 obomacare so you can read it and know what's in it" remember?
Yes that was wrong! But they still held hearings for 18 months and accepted Republicans amendments!  They're only giving the world 10 hours
Thank you Senator Schumer!
First sign it and then you can read it
Sen. Schumer, we have to pass the healthcare bill before we can find out what's in the bill.
#GOP knows they have the "numbers" to ram it thru so they literally don't give a rat's ass about showing it to anyone.
remembver pelosis words CHUCKY "we must pass this bill so we can find out whats in it" this is why the repubs wont let you in hypocrites all
Lol. Coming from the party who said we had to pass the bill to see what is in it. And the award for hypocrisy goes to....
Funny how easy U democrats forget u passed a bill that U didnt even read ACA that is failing now dont like how ur own methods r used eh
Did u forget how Obamacare was jammed down everyone's throat?! Using obstruction and scare tactics are not helpful to anyone.
Obamacare not debated. Nancy& Harry in a back room secret deal. REPUBLICANS shut out. No one knew about 28 new taxes! Passed without reading
Do u have anything else other then obstructing everything?
Chuckie you make me laugh...Now you know what it was like when Obamacare was shoved through.  None of you clowns even knew what was in it...
The GOP is working on a bill in secret, with no public hearings, no input from or input from the Dems, how can it go wrong?
It was gard to get a straight answer from Dems..let's pass it then see whats in it.
Schumer ISIS party of "NO"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"You have to pass it to see what's in it!" - @NancyPelosi...sucks when it happens to you, doesn't it. You started it!
Pelosi and you Dems didnt show us ACA/Obamacare until they passed. So SHUT IT, SCHUMER! Putz!
Sort of like ACA? Right. See how this works.
Stop holding them up in court or maybe they are coulding with u guys.
I know whats in it. Remove coverage, cut taxes and raise rates on pre-existing conditions. Laugh on their way to the bank.
Like you showed us? Wimpy dick.
