What was MEAN & DISASTEROUS to Middle class AMERICANS was OBAMACARE, tripled my healthcare, lost my dr, gave me a CARD you can't use.
you must be really bad at picking out plans.
Crying Chuck 
Little hands Trump.

Oh why don't you just hold your breath. You haven't tried THAT in a while.
Could not have been any MEANER & disastrous as Obamacare.
Luckily you don't have to speculate. You can read it yourself & It's definitely meaner, deadlier, worse than anything the black man did.

OBAMA IS THE MEAN ONE.HE IS A PURE DEVIL!#
So what is your solution Chuck? How is Schumercare going to save all the Americans without health insurance.
Why is there no investigation on voting practices of the Electoral College?  It was reported voters were removed as they didn't want Trump.
Actually, Chuck, the "meanest" thing being done right now is the total obstruction from  @HouseDemocrats and @SenateDems. Get the job done!
how can they obstruct when they are the minority?
Lying, crying Chuck.
Um he is under investigation. How about how GOP sensationalized Benghazi and wasted all that time and money? Result? Nothing, not a thing.
Are you really wasting taxpayer dollars playing this childish game? Do your job & grow up.
We are the only modern country where healthcare is not considered a right. Where my illness is a CEO's windfall. Where party>people. Sick.
Hold up sign of Trump's tweet promising not to cut Medicaid. Every. Day
Did he ever say to WHOM it was mean? He probably meant the 1% deserved even bigger tax cuts. 
@RepStefanik  How do you feel about bill you voted "Yes" on called "Mean" by PseudoPrez that conned you into voting yes? You've been Trumped
Always thought it was a crime to threaten the life of the president. I don't like Trump but a threat against him should be investigated
Nice bot. Report. Block.
Stop adopting the language of the right. Define your own terms.
That won't be hard. They've only got like 5 words. SAD, BAD, MEAN, NICE, ENJOY & few made up ones BIGLY, YUGE, COVFEFE. They can keep em all
Goal IS: work to get these accurate data thru to the PREY.  We in the CHOIR already OWN THEM.
It's not mean, Senator. It's violent. Don't sell these bastards short. Don't be mean to them. Be vicious.
Still waiting on my $2500 per year savings from Obambacare.
Get ready, you'll be waiting for 10x that w/trumpcareless wealth plan. Hope your healthy & plan to stay it forever.
We want it to go back to the way it was before ObamaRottenCare!
So just how "was it" before the Affordable Care Act that blocked Insurers from denying coverage? Facts, dollars & cent facts.
Rich. From the geniuses who brought us the failing Obamacare.
Why can't repubs do anything on their own, they've had 40 yrs to have a plan all on their own & avoid having to take the black man's plan.
schumer is very good at setting on his hands and bitching about someone willing to actually do there job
Oh look. He can spell.
SEN. INSTEAD OF CRITICIZING NEW HEALTH CARE, PLEASE SUGGEST SOLUTION, 
IS DEMS BANKRUPT ALREADY????
Cruel is a better description for this disastrous bill
@SenSchumer is like a bad SNL skit. Everyday my friends and I try to guess what he's going to come up with next.
I know what you mean, my friends n I love watching the circus act from the orange cheeto clown. Like a bad car wreck but can't look away.
Chucky, I give you props.  Your speed reading is awesome.  #thepeoplearesickofyourlies
Why are we the only country that is still screwing it's people?
U didn't even see or read the bill. Stop lying to us.  Healthcare is dead.  Sit down with the republicans and get a great bill passed.
Mean is $1850 month Obamacare for fam of 2 with $6000 deductible. Mean is only one issuer.  Things must change. Stop being part of problem.
Hey hypocrite,  thanks for lying to Americans and the media for months after you knew DJT wasn't being investigated.  You sank the dem ship!
Meaner ehh, while dems have zero problem with the murder of unborn children chuck #fnhypocrits #thecryinggame #pedophilepal #thebitterpill
H/T @MattBruenig for the awesome graphic
We need a sign that says Schumer is a liar.  Thanks Sen. Grassley for letting us know.
The GOP hate the people of this country and are using their positions only to enrich themselves. No conscience whatsoever.
.The wilfully ignorant "views" expressed by all those trolling you, and by Troll in Chief Trump, are what is making the US a laughing stock
What are you DOING to fight this bill? So far I've only heard Bernie with a plan. The rest of you are just stating the obvious.
can we do anything to stop the robber barons
No chuckie you and your party are mean. U all incite hatred and rage and r full of venom. What's your platform?  Russian collusion????
Old time Democrats would think you are a sad joke.  Act like a real U.S. Senator.
@nytimes I can't believe I am Rt mean n meaner! I am bc I want chg; need chg I want ppl who make up this nation 2b heard;
2hv voices. Only white males of ?ionable character r being heard The rest of us r shushed
Every debate you have ever done begins with a propagandist smear designed to generate hate . Democrat party experts generating hate
Mean is elementary school language. It certainly doesn't describe the cruelty and greed baked into this draconian bill.
Thank you senator  you are on the money always. Now step up and get nasty  this group of swampsters don't deserve an inch.  We are behind yu
We. Both know anything the GOP puts forward is mean mean mean
Everything Trump does is mean spirited, irresponsible, and shows how little he knows
Funny @SenSchumer saying this stuff well before he could possibly get a chance to read all 142 pgs. Was it b/c the author didn't have (D)?
Buffalo, NY, constituent. Up to you to prevent this bill from passing. So far Ds have disappointed us. We're counting on you.
http://www.hannity.com/articles/hanpr-election-493995/watch-sen-grassley-rips-schumer-for-15937106/ …
Cry a river Chuck. Why don't you grow up, stop being an obstructionist and actually earn your pay by offering some solutions.
Mean? Setting by a man w/no money w/Hep C & no insurance BUT w/letter maybe will treat this is NOW w/obamacare HELLO!!! DO U CARE?

Schumer gets Cadillac health care; we get crappy ObamaCare ripoff- over $1,800 a month, $9,000 deductible & co-pay. Should be a crime

Please stop the lies senator schumer,used to have respect for you, but you now seem to be the enemy of new yorkers and americans across USA
Chuck, great poster presentation ,,, the 3rd grade class loved it.  Dem's 
Schumer/Pelosi/Perez overtake Moe/Larry/Curley for 1st 2017 win
Comment on health care bill before reading it ... "resisting" all except stupidity.. the Shriner's have an opening in their clown caucus
What a woosie chicly is. #mean
So what's YOUR plan?!.... crickets....
RT if u DEMAND Schumer should RESIGN! He isn't serving ppl. Instead, mocks @POTUS & voters. We're not amused! WE DEMAND U RESIGN, NOW!
How did you write a speech when you only had the healthcare bill 10 mins. Why must you lie to America. We deserve BETTER.
You need retire or we will retire you you are a traitor to us true Americans
Hey Chuck why don't you work with (R) to get a bill for all! Instead of all this in-house fighting and criticizing!!!!!
@SenateDems @repjoecrowley @HouseDemocrats Agreed. Forget insurance: We need #SinglePayerNow. #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll #NHSforUSA
Funny you can't even get your poster write the 1st time just like Obama care had to add the er after on the poster you're pathetic and sad !
You are a Senator for God sake and you are holding this sign!
Is this ur response to help solve the health care plan.
This is your response to 5 and 0.  You have the mentality of a five year old.
Draw us a picture Chuck. What a joke you have become.
Funny how liberals never read their twitter feeds.  You would think they would get the message by now. Grassley showed Schumer is a liar
They can't handle the truth
Didn't know you had show & tell day in Congress! But I guess they make acceptions for the Democrats
This coming from the man who lied about Trump being under investigation!!!
Meaner - that he want Trump to borrow money to furnish the health benefits he wants.  Chuck could propose major tax increases same thing
You have overstated so much I can't believe you. We all know the $ of medical services and labs surgeries and medicines are out of control
@THOTorNOT2015 @POTUS whatz the point retweeting??Man will rule for 8years they predict.. Omg
You and your party are the cause of all the violence and people's lives!!! Y'all don't care about American lives! Quit playing games

BOOM!
Only reason more people had healthcare that they couldn't use was bc they were made to get it or they were penalized on their tax returns!!!
Note to self: never play Scrabble with Chuck. He's a MASTER! #BullSchumer #Scrabble #needavowel #badforamerica #obstructionist #hypocrite

Nothing meaner than ObamaCare. I know.  Schumer, criminal enterprise
Stop the lies. President Obama is gone. The country is trying to improve.
Chuck..give us the same plan you get from us..the taxpayers..
GOP would have called it EVIL
Grow up Chuck what the hell is wrong with you if you're going to act like this get the hell out
We taxpayers need a refund on your damn salary you damn their!
Thief!
Where is your bill Chuck? What input have you worked on with Republicans to fix Obamacare? What work have you done for America???
"Meaner" does not come close to describing the loss of life at a fast and furious pace. #Trumpcare = #Wealthcare = #GOPcare = "death party"
Obamacare was meaner built on lies
U no what's mean.Ppl in there 60s paying ACA prem 4&5 times higher than 2012 with higher deductibles same time income declining.That's mean
Why don't you address the Russia interference @POTUS44 knew about? Do you understand why @TheDemocrats keep losing? #Obstruction is losing.
Cry me a river Chucky
Why aren't you trying to help chuckie instead of being the whiny baby
So tired of you Chucky!  You are an embarrassment to the good people of this state!
go to ur own state congressman, u crazy Putin lovers, Putin & 45 r destroying America, go get real work, ur twitter putinbot $ drying up
rethugs gad 8 years, most repub states havent participated in ACA, their costs have increased, US ECONOMY will crash under rethug plan
you want mean try telling the 30 million who paid the penalty on there taxes how mean the president is.To bad the people don't like democrat
Senator Scumer...the bots r all scared, u got em worried they'll lose their paycheck for being twitter ruskie bots ...scram u losers,
Do yourself a favor. Do us all a favor. Find someone other than the malignant fake @POTUS to quote Chuck. And do that now.
Thank u Senator for looking out for NYer's & America....we wil b stronger  with NYS Leadership
So Trump will use his veto power to keep Obamacare?
So I guess this is your way to reduce rhetoric? Maybe republicans believe cost containment and fiscal responsibility are positive traits?
It will pass. 
by the out come of all the current elections do you think your thinking may be wrong
Did during even read it what is your proposal do your job isn't that what we pay you for
You & Schiff have mislead us since March with your lies about @POTUS being under investigation. Comey told you he wasn't.  You FN LIAR.
You're the mean one! You knew @POTUS was not under investigation but yet you still went your propaganda binge manipulating the American Ppl!
Some of us have nicknamed it the "wealthcare" bill.
Sen Scheemer, is it nice that O Care insureds can't afford their premiums and Deductibles? As a result an insured can't use their plan!NICE?
U haven't given a recommendation - just obstruction u think that's the answer - know wonder they want to get gid of u - right???
You guys will never learn...the ACA has been brutal to the majority of working Americans.
obamacare is mean to everyone but those who have pre existing conditions and those who get it free, if they can find a doctor.
The door was left open by Rep so u could help the American ppl. You chose to obstruct so u could whine about it
Nobody is as mean as You & other Dems when you interviewed cabinet members -vicious! Hate filled!
1090 retweets.....100M to go
ObamaCare is "meaner" And full of lies.
Schumer is a hypocrite.   Such liars are the dems and vicious.
Chuck Schumer is a washed up has been , self centered piece of shit who needs to also be dragged down the floors of Congress and thrown out!
Trump and Republican gold-sprayed policies are really flesh-eating slime killing the American dream by eating it alive.
The fake glasses help
...Schumer. You need to put @SenFranken in charge of messaging. SERIOUSLY. You and @NancyPelosi are horrible at it.
No the bill doesn't go far enough. To many subsidies to pay for all the bottom feeders on the dole.
Mr Schumer. Quit talking and making up stuff. Your job is to negotiate with all parties. Why won't you do your job to make it better? WHY!!!
Schumer = DUMB
@SenSchumer with LYING @realDonaldTrump that means jam it through. That is his code word trying to make it look like he cares
Trump will do better than the dems. You lost suck it up.
Doesn't your office have Sharpies? Just one. Come on, Chuck. Dems can't even get a burn right. SMH.
I do no agree.
You mean obama care. High deductibles, premiums and no choice.
Please keep name-calling at a minimum& work WITH other elected officials to reduce nat debt so our kids have $$ to spend on their gov progs.
Retire Chuck -
Thats how you work for the people that elected not only you but the POTUS.  #LordHelpOurCountry #tcot

why can't you guys do something about Trump...it seems the Dems are a bunch of wimps.....Play DIRTY like they do
EVERYTHING U SAY, EVERYTHING U DO HAS ALWAYS BEEN SELF SERVING CHUCKLES . WHAT HAVE U EVER TRULY DONE FOR ANYONE BUT TO FILL SELFISH NEEDS
Agree!
You & Pelosi should hold signs pointing at each other "dumb" & "dumber" #repealobamacare
Perhaps you boys could drop the labels  n come together to get a great bill. U act like 5 year olds. Geez. Grow up n do your job.
it looks like an elementary grade classroom
Your not fit to to hold any office.Meaner? So childish. How old are U? Grow Up and face the Fact your party is Doomed!
The lefties admitting how Mean the are
I wrote all GOP senators LAST WEEK.
MEAN was you guys passing  Obamacare  without reading it.  20,000 pages.. .are you serious? did you even read what's on it? NOT
What have we learned? That Senate GOP is just as dumb, just as lazy, as House GOP.
@Senschumer, @POTUS has repeatedly reached out to Dems asking for their involvement in the bill. Why haven't you accepted? NY wants you to.

My name is Chuck Schumer. Hooked on phonics worked for me
