Democrats only want bipartisanship to move their agenda never to move the Republican agenda Democrats will answer 2018 coming
Don't think so. Repubs refused any semblance of bipartisanship years ago, which continues to this day. BOTH sides need to compromise.
Every single thing the Democrats have come up with in the past 20 years has turned out to be a lie or not good for our country
So you think CHIP, providing health insurance for children, is a bad thing? Okay, then. Bye.
Bye bye snowflake
F.O.N.D.D.,
There is no bipartisan with you. It is only what you want. You refused to listen to the GOP for 8 years. Why you want to listen now??
You need not look any further than the Koch Brothers and what they're offering the GOP to overturn ACA. Disgraceful. Sickening.
Bipartisanship w/ ppl who want to make health care impossible to get isn't a good look. CTRL+F replace "bipartisan" w "universal healthcare"
Why universal?
So that there is no one who cannot have their health care needs addressed
There had already been access 2 healthcare b4 O-care.
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION CHUCK!
YOU MAKE IT OBVIOUS YOU DO NOTHING BI PARTISAN...PRO PARTY...NOT PRO AMERICAN!! YOU SPEW VITRIOL AND UNTRUTHS...WHY????
Only we could hope they do that.
It's not Trumpcare Chuck. It's Obamacare Train Wreck! Dems. forced it down America's throat. Must be fixed. Cut the crap politician!
Bite me
Hypocrite liar democrap
You have never shown bipartisan effort only resistance to any thing that the Americans people voted for.



it is the way the founding Fathers wanted it to be
Don't befriend misanthropes
@realDonaldTrump @HouseGOP @SenateGOP will destroy America & the American way of life! Where are all the Heroes that will stop this madness!
And there is *no* reason to ram this through. None.
I hope they all die in their sleep tonight.
Your Republican friends my ass.  They work for the American citizens and so do you bud.  I'd suggest you get her done healthcare repeal ASAP
That would be great but it seems to be a ONE WAY STREET.....YOU GET WHAT YOU WANT. YOU CONTINUE TO OBSTRUCT ANY OF TRUMPS AGENDA...
Millions losing coverage because of Obama care its worthless, hurts all working Americans
It's a lot better than Obama care  (we don't live in Russia )let me pick my health care. This is the USA. Last I heard.

Since when Chucky?
And we hope that if they do they get voted OUT OF OFFICE.
Sorry, Senator. The GOP had more-than-ample opportunity to do this and rejected it, out of hand. Does this not tell you anything...At All?
Get lost
Stop your obstructionism.  You and your party have done nothing to reform this stupid law.  Let others do their jobs.
You allowed gay marrage now I can't turn on my TV without seeing  something gay
well ! Where did they go !
I hope they do FULL REPEAL OF OBAMACARE
Assfuck themselves into extinction now I'm seeing it happen all over again ! it won't take people ! Another 25 years on this path your don
You people need to consider my point on the gay thing ! if your parents had be gay ! none of you would be here . I've SEEN the inca & maya
Just like the democrats bipartisan approach to every issue especially Obamacare. Dems own this piece of crap & now trying to pin it on trump
Hope in one hand, shit in the other; see which fills up first.
I hope so 2 b/c btwn this & the confirmations of repubs who tell Hitler everything about the investigation=2018 failure Bye Bye! #msnbc #cnn
Prove he deserves to be called Hitler
Please link to your calls for bipartisanship when the ACA was being passed.
#Hypocrite
Wholeedly agree #bipartisanship problem is-ur bipartisan means do what DEM's want-whole new majority votes if u focus on middle 60% of 
I mean by the time I get done reading and signing all the liability crap I wanna hang myself  don't you think it's kinda over the mark
Socialized medicine, you mean?
That same road taken in 2009?  Didn't happen. Dems went alone down a dead end with sh*tty Obamacare.
We all desire that but I doubt the R's want to become fair
If I'm going to die just get it over with for Christ sake !
I'm taking it for one thing the list of side affects. Is a mile long . However  I'm fine none of these things happen  but.  My heightened
Your expiration date as senator
is only getting closer and closer.
Amazing, lets bipartisan that Wall Up!
fat chance. I count two no votes. Election have major consequences.
Trying to dodge any responsability  ! after listing  side affect s what the hell would I take. This  for ?
Not COMRADE Sen Schummer
#JonathanGruber admits #ObamaCare #ACA built on LIES n #chuckschumer lied too n pulled a fast one on #newyorkNY #NY
SENATOR FIX ACA NO MATTER WHAT YOU ADOPT! IT WILL NOT WORK !ONLY OPTION !OVERHAUL ACA! START FROM SCRATCH ;WITH ACA! FIX IT!
Politics were never to be a team sport so they need to its not who's team wins it's who they help
Forget it. How many times will you Democrats go begging the GOP to give that which they will not give? That's what causes Dem voter apathy.
I got to admit that my medical care is excellent   the hole thing stinks of a liberal when it comes to side affects  . But I realize this
They won't elections are coming! Idiot

