Let's impeach the traitor first
NO! Chuck is right - Dems need to get to WORK telling US citizens what they are about and how they want to help move the US forward
You are ill informed and obviously controlled by the Lefy Wing Propaganda Machine!  I feel sorry for you!
what is this magnificent assertion based on?
Because you obviouslr rely on MSM for news. Unfortunately it is propaganda which has no basis in fact.
fascinated as to your thoughts on Fox news?
Slanted Right! Should watch One America News. Its the only network that presents facts. Refreshing! MSM is a left wing propaganda tool.
such a misconception. MSM is run by huge corporate entities who have 0 interest in prog policies! u need to face facts - Trump.is.a.disaster
Better off tweeting @elonmusk bc our government is currently collapsing on itself.
Oh shut up boy America.
lmao okay Jordan 
Babe, I don't even have cable because it's 2017 and i'm under the age of 40. I read EVERYTHING.
Like it will work! dude is busy tweeting now.
And yet trump has gotten more done for American people that Obama did his while term.
Saying it doesnt make it true... sorry!
But it is. The Washington swamp is killing this country.
Killing this country HOW?
The last 3 yrs were record highs, recovering from a recession. Where is this "killing"?
With record taxes, increase in big gov, and debit out of control. Not progress in my book
Those are ALL vase opinions. 
Where is this "KILLING" of the country?
How about a free market, and a true republic. Which is what our constitution calls for.  Not this.
Never happen Chuck baby, your trying to be a sanctuary city for illegals and will loose all federal funding until you OBEY the law....period
You want Trump to clean up another liberal failure? Fix your own problems!
10 trillion obama dollars u schumer pathetically dropped the ball 10 trillion bucks where's the coin y ain't we a gold plated pot hole cntry
Why don't YOU cease the hyperbole, lies & obstruction. Maybe then Trump can implement his $ trillion infrastructure plan!
how long have you been @senschumer , now you care about the train delays?This is on you Chucky! @realDonaldTrump has been in office 6 months
Brain delayed tweet @chuck to ease your frustration with my stupidity and lack of simple intelligence.
Senator.. How about making a train yard for Amtrak/NJT on NJ side, let LIRR own east river tunnels.. Zip Zip no billions spent.
Put on big boy pants and blame ny politicians...where the blame belongs
Why can't little Chuck take care of this mess?  IMpotent?
Perhaps if the Mayor of NY didn't flit off to Ger to protest with Antifa's he'd have time to work on NY's infrastructure.
How about U work together as a team and stop the crap. Americans are tired of hate games and smear campaigns. We are NOT stupid Quit it
Cant say Chuck doesn't have a set On your watch NY has seen Prop Taxes thru roof & infrastructure collapse  a FRAUD
Didnt you fight against Trumps infrastructure plan?? Hmmm
Why can't NYC take care of itself?  Liberal taxation doesn't work?  #Liar #Schumer #Fool
So now u want to work with Trump to help NY get infrastructure? Go make some deals...Haven't u been in office for a century now?
I suppose Chicago should tweet @potus when weekend shooting sprees happen...since Dem leadership is synonymous with failure.
PLEASE drain the swamp Schumer is too stupid to park cars. How long you been on the hill Chuck?
Now this is his fault too? You, Bill,  others were in charge. Potus will do what is right Will U? All you guys do is bicker cause he won..
So you and your Dem pals who run NYC and the state are washing hands of utter incompetency, focusing of Trump. Huh?
POTUS too busy putting deals together with adversaries to focus on America - Sad
Proof please. N
Watch the news or pick up a newspaper
I do. All kinds. Then form my own opinion. I don't let the news form my opinion. Only fools do that.
insults are for those who can't put together  a coherent argument. - Blocked
Qatar Morocco China just a few of the Clinton contributors
Yup
Trump has been Pres. less than 6 months. Infrastructure did not crumble that fast. Democrats have run New York City for years
He's too busy covering up his lies to be worried about being Presidential..  Come on man.. He needs his Pooper / Twitter Time!!!
Skip Trump. Congress should take over and force what Trump won't do. Or Impeach and start over.
He put forth a infrastructure bill and you dems went ape shit and refused it because it didn't include abortion in the bill budget.
Yet you've been a senator who hasn't fixed this before now
What have you done for New York rail Senator? People aren't so dumb these days. I think they know a vote for Dems = 0.
And #Amtrak !
Here is a bumper sticker slogan "Vote Democrat!  It's always someone else's fault"
This all happen on your time, this is no way trumps issues, this has been going on long before...your fault...own it
Forget u & #Resistance the $3 trillion @POTUS proposed 4 infrastructure? NY if it's broke look 2 State Dem leaders their ft is on ur throats
Tweet POTUS to stop support of sanctuary cities
Stop using our money to support & protect ILLEGAL ALIENS and put it to use for us the TAXPAYERS & US CITIZENS. PROGRESSIVE SCUMBAG!
What have Dims done lately chuck
He doesn't care! Pathetic POS!
It's mostly you and the other democrats fault.  Stop trying to blame Trump for your screwups, Chuckie!
Can't afford Obama mandates Tweet @SenSchumer.
, see what happens when curupt democrats run a city?
Senator you are mentally ill. DeBlasio is the mayor of NYC not @POTUS. DeBlasio goes to Germany, ignores murdered cop and NYC. Get a grip
Maybe the NY Dem Machine should fix what they screwed up? Look in the mirror chuckles your the problem
U have been a Senator for NY for years,where have you been on infrastructure these past decades?@POTUS44 never did shit!
U must really hold your constituents at very low level since u are blaming a president who has only been in office for 6 months.
Chuck you have been our Sen. for how long? the MTA has been on a death spiral for 30 years now. Stop Politicizing Fix IT
I am now tweeting you to get in there and make health care better Obama care was not Repeal and fix and stop talking pop Be a problem solver
quit delaying and obstructing his efforts and maybe the @POTUS can do something about the railways.
hey Chuckie why dont you do something considering you represent New York! Just another Maxine!!!!
why didn't Obama support the rail infrastructure program.Gateway would if been built by now.did nothing about this is 8 years under Obama
Why don't you and all you liberal leaders of the richest city fix it. You refuse everything federal so you should  refuse any money
I did and he told me to tell you to go "F" yourself.
Stop spending your state budget on illegals, and spend it on things Americans need.  #GarbagePolitics
Yeah because government can run anything on schedule if you spend enough of our kid's piggyback money...
Schumer, you have gone from once respected to Senate clown, you've been in public office in NY how long and its Trumps fault? Ur a joke.
Your brain has detrailed @SenSchumer. It's @BilldeBlasio fault! You are becoming as big of a boil as he is!
Thing is eh wants to go back to coal so train might be a little more delayed
Mr. Schumer, Maybe he'll cooperate w u when u start approving his appointees.
You are so full of it crying Chuck. Why don't you draft a bill and let the senate look at it. Let's see what you got Chuckie.
Typical Democrat. Blame the other side for which you are guilty. How about you get off your rear and help rather than obstruct. Waiting
"I have an idea, Trump should change the media narrative by actually accomplishing something, anything actually."
Good ole #SchmuckSchumer talking like the ass he is
Chuck you represent me in NY why are u breathing my air DeBlasio is responsible for his city u are responsible for your state schuck boy
this is not the president's problem it's yours in the mayor of New York City do your job and fix it
Way to pass the buck chuckie. It's not like you, Deblasio and Cuomo are in charge of anything in New York.
Schumer you have no idea what needs to be done. You need to step down you can't lead. Your ruining a great country. Go
Hey Chuckles! You all had 8yrs to get things done! Seriously? Your watch! Your President! Not ours! Right?  Remember????
How abt the train pay for its self ?
Why does middle America have to bear the cost of infrastructure that only serves the metro areas?
Chuck the democrats failure to maintain infrastructure over the last 8 years are not due to the @POTUS who has been in office 6 months
You've represented N.Y. since 1993 I have witnessed the infrastructure here deteriorate to a dangerous level. Why have u done nothing?
MTA can't care for their own system?  Where was Obama, DeBlasio Cuomo ?
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION!!
Where was the urgency when Obama was in office?
No tweet the chief obstructionist Clown Chuckie who is the NY Senator obstructing everything so infrastructure can't be done. He is a maggot
How bout stop subsidizing transportation and the businesses can move their offices to less congested areas instead of the cities ?
Right... Port Authority hasn't done it's job in years being torn between political appointments from NY and NJ and you want to blame POTUS.
Why don't you do your job?
Federal infrastructure projects should get top priority.   Local programs in sanctuary cities should be scratched from the list.
If you would stop dissing @POTUS and start showing some respect, I would approach him on your request. Until then, shut up. #MyPresident
Guess that's the same time shift process that got previous potus a Nobel peace prize.
So POTUS is the cause of NYC Subway problems, rather than decades of neglect.
Sounds more like a NYC problem or perhaps a NY State problem, but it died on yours and Obuttmuch's watch.
How about this for a massive compromise, you get to fix Obamacare your way, we get a balanced budget amendment.
If you want rail spending you will have to give something for it, like in the old days before the Dems went straight partisan legislating.
Obviously Chuckie does not understand how it works.
Why not tweet @BilldeBlasio and tell him to stop clowning around in Hamburg? Why not tweet @NYGovCuomo since its HIS responsibility?
Perhaps Obama should have spent our taxes on real rail infrastructure rather than improving @WarrenBuffett s @BNSFRailway railways.
Blah blah blah
Hahahaha like we can blame anyone but Cuomo
Hey Schumer-are you reading any of these replies? OMG your party is a bunch of frothers-please pass healthcare so they can get their rabies
Mmm aren't you the Senator? Isn't De Blasio the mayor... wtf why haven't you overseen these issues at some pt in time in the last 40 yrs!?!
It's your fault for doing nothing to help fix this until now.why not on obama's http://watch.you  didn't want to share the money stole
Support rail infrastructures.
get your ass back to work for the NY people and quite stroking your ego Crying Chuck
What happened to $840 billion stimulus plan for shovel ready jobs or the $305 billion "highway" fund. What did you do with it? Pocketed it?
Where were you the last 8 yrs??
Gee you mean to tell me 8 years of Obama didn't fix all those things ? I thought he was your great messiah .

You are talking trains when we have treason and collusion and our democracy is at stake! We are in TROUBLED times. Quit being an old person!
Chuck you really need a reality check. Maybe check into a mental health clinic
My tax dollars should not fund tour crap subway, I don't live even close pay for it yourself. Your in crack!
Where is Bill? Perhaps when he gets back from protesting POTUS he can start on NY Trains.
Your high on drugs Chuck.
Hey is chuck working not clowning trump
Improved infrastructure ! Another of DTs promises hes not delivering
#seriously ??? 8 yrs go by and everything is perfect ? 7 months and everything is falling apart? IOhhhh Chucky, ur a funny man
If he supports are you going to oppose it?
- Whate have you been doing for the past 42 years for New York's transit system??
Pres. Trump only been in office for 7 months.
because Obama did so much to help the last 8 years? Stop voting for war. Then we might have the $ for infrastructure
How much pork In that bill.
WTF does it have to do with President Trump when you're a NY rep? Don't expect him to work with you when you're obstructing his every move.
Then we NYers need,to get back the billions we,send to Washington and take care of it ourselves.
Now say it with out crying!
Who is going to pay for it Chucky? NOT ME! I pay for too much D.C. Bullcrap as it is. Congress can take a pay cut to pay for it!
Hey Smuck Schumer, we DID that and more on 11/8/2016.  Didn't you listen to @POTUS platform. Tell @MayorDeblasio vacay is over ,let's #MAGA
So Donald,I know Jr said something really STUPID today but we need our infrastructure worked on. Where's that YUGE PLAN?
He blocked me so I can't tweet him. Now what? Ideas, telegram...pigeon express...pony express, what says you
But @BilldeBlasio set aside millions for illegal immigrants
Schumer, should have been smart to do something about this the last 40+ years you've been in office for NY; instead screwed health Ins up
Chuck Schumer is that football teammate who jumps on the pile after a tackle n complains he wasnt credited for the tackle
Train failure because you won't help solve problem you hold it up
i have a better idea. Impeach potus, a dangerous traitor.
They ought to tweet their Dem reps and ask why thing are in such a horrific state of maintenance!
Where were you ? All on your watch you should be voted out and have to take the for shit transit system
repatriot money and require some to go to infrastructure .
Focus on your voters
Really Chuck? Seems to me they got this way on YOUR watch the past four decades didn't they?
How Many Years Have You Been in Office Chuck? And Never Once Did You Ask 4 Money To Fix NYC, Instead You Blame Trump For Your Failure..Shame
Why Are You Blaming Trump? Obama Won The Election For Saying He Would Fix The Infrastructure.. So You Are Admitting Obama Is A Liar
President Trump is doing a great job! Best president ever!
WHO KNEW ! #Manfort #Cushner #DonJr #Flynn #Sessions Knew & LIED so FAR Oh every one uses Russian Government Info #GOPcomplicit 
#RussiaGate
What do you know about infrastructure @senshumer ?
Let's arrest his son!

It's easier to blame Trump than actually working to fix the problems.  #amiright
Wow! Why didn't Obummer do it? Well Chuck? Don't understand how Potus's fault.   That reflects upon YOU!
How about you and your buddies stop stonewalling him on everything he does
You've been office for 42 years. You should be ashamed.Your blaming Potus for your failure to do your job.
Fix your own darn problems...if the system is not nationwide we shouldn't have to pay for it.
Why didn't these infrastructure upgrades happen sooner?How long have you been an elected official for New York again? Way to get things done
.....nice job city and state governments!....
How much money do you have invested under the table for Trains and Tunnels!!
By the way GO Mr Donald J Trump 
And I am NOT a BOT
Instead whining and making up why don't you and the rest of UR LIBERAL SOCIALIST FASCIST ANTI AMERICAN DemocRATS start working for change
Take me along to @MySwitzerland_e and let me show you how the trains need to run ! We will help environment and attract tourists !
Look who woke up to play. Where you been Chuck, hiding.  It's not POTUS problem but we wish it was because he would fix it
Hey cry baby Schumer were is all the money that NYC has gotten over the last 42yrs that UR in office & Obama gave NYC after Sandy &MTA fares
Nothing like flipping eggs in the air & landing smack on ur face Chuckie! POTUS 45 didn't pour a TRILLION down the drain on scam projects.
I think you should go see how trains run there Senator and I speak 4 languages so I can come as your interpreter :)
Like in @MySwitzerland_e
It's time America let's get this crying piece of trash out and let's get someone who don't make excuses or fattens their bank acct !
Chuck has more tweets for federal tax payer money next to Brown of all states in our country. Wonder if Democrats just want to raise taxes
How about cleaning up the streets alongside @NYCMayor with the trash, illegal criminals and homeless you hack.  POTUS has a country to run!
8 yrs of filling ur pockets with our money then u blame our potus ? Sorry but Americans are sick of ur lies time to vote 4 someone else !
Hey chuck
You have been in that job for years! How could you allow things to get so bad! I know you are a #swampcreature #upchuck #termlimits
Chuck, do you normally blame the toy store when you break your toy
How about holding our railroads responsible for their mistakes
