If trump cared less abt making America whiter and more abt improving economy and existing programs, he'd have far more support.
Stop your race baiting it has nothing to do with race
There r just more illegals from some countries than others
Legal immigrants r welcome
I'm not race baiting. Maybe google that term. I have yet 2 see him put a ban on any euro centric white country or enforce their deportation.
He is targeting all illegal aliens. It's only the Mexicans that liberals back so you have no clue about the others. Mexican=Dem votes.
He may be targeting all, but there hasnt been ANY coverage of other groups. Dems care abt any minority under attack, its not just 4 votes.
Minorities do not equal illegal immigrant. Americans have lost their lives because of bad people who jumped our borders. Wait in line.
The minorities under attack today, are the Dreamers. Contributing and productive. If its abt economy, keep them.
The ones under attack are all ILLEGAL immigrants. He has told them time and again to go back and apply for immigration. They do not listen.
Dream on. Illegals need to leave.
Dream on Schumer, they take our healthcare, our schooling, our food stamps and fraudulently vote in our elections. Illegal not dreamers.
Many of them are the future of this country. Children should never be punished for the acts of their parents.
Glad you feel that way. I should take your all stuff and give it to my kids. Then you can proudly say that you don't want your stuff back.
That is a false equivalency.  Nice try. Go back to doing whatever it is you do.
You advocate for no penalty for ignoring laws. If that is your desire then I should ignore laws as well. Wild West days are back again!
Those covered by DACA had no idea that a *law* had been broken. Do you have the same feeling about all the eastern Europeans who are here...
All illegals must go back. Come legal or not at all. Every kid I knew growing up who had criminal parents knew it. Kids are not stupid.
How do you propose to identify and deport illegal immigrants that aren't brown - skinned? Whether the kids knew what their parents did or ..
A few high profile arrest and most will self deport making the rest easier to round up.
Only racist can feel good about a dreamers repeal. We can be so much better
Thats just so freaking uninformed and racist if you to say
Please enlighten me
Its not racist to wish you can find a good paying job so your children do not have to go to bed hungry, 800,000 jobs taken by illegals
Or to wish ill on individuals who only know this place as home..
I work 2 jobs, i live paycheck to paycheck and sometime not even that, you have no right to judge me because i want better for my children
Not judging... trying to understand the fear
Understand the fear? Well here is what i fear, i fear tucking my children into a cot at a homeless shelter with no hope left on their eyes.
Your job is protect Americans.  Our children have dreams.   You will protect and work for Americans or you will be fired.   Former Democrat
And they vote for the Dems too!
He means need new plantation workers to blindly contribute to the DNC and boost the chances of Democrat election victories for generations.
What about the 113 billion illegal immigration cost the United States every year? 25% of our jails house illegal immigrant criminals.
Then get busy and pass DACA into law, currently it was unconstitutionally made law by @BrackObama_005 @SenateDems @SpeakerRyan @NancyPelosi
Like I said in your espanol post: FACT: you're lying.  Spending our taxes on the economy does not strengthen it. Give it back to us to spend
And send their money earned in the USA to other countries. Wondering how that helps America?
And their Illegal Parents Vote Democrat...
like a song bird spewing out lies I didn't know how low politicians really are until now we need to take back our country

Here's some info about the hateful organization that you just referenced (FAIR). Please be advised, no one in their right mind respects them

I heard Mexico's ecomony is booming, didn't Obama send a lot of our jobs south?
No one cares about illegals immigrants.   Your job is to protect Americans.  Deport them all!   Former Democrat
They are taking 800,000 jobs or education spots that would otherwise go to Citizens of USA!
Regan gave amnesty to 3Millegals, today we have 36M.  DACA must end.  Taxpayers R broken by Liberal generosity 2 illegals.  Those R our jobs
"Hard working"? How are "children" working? Liar. I've worked w illegals & 2nd gen mestizos. They're corner cutting & lazy.
47% of Americans can't handle a 400$ emergency w/o borrowing.  22% of Americans below poverty.  Where do DACA's fall?Can/t support anymore!
Many criminals are hard working. Should they be exonerated as well?#EndDACA
I don't get it. They exemplify everything I was ever taught about "the American Dream."  They should be applauded, not deported #DefendDACA

And how many are on public assistance? Just asking.

That doesn't apply, it's DACA recipients we are talking about.
You mean the bill Obummer illegally put through? Only congress can make laws.
They can help Mexico out of Poverty.
This person in the White House makes me sick. Let's get him outta here
You and your Mentally ill whiny SnowFLAKES make me sick; IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT HERE, LEAVE
Keep up the good work Mr. Schumer
Trump's petty obsession with Obama's accomplishments is going to ruin the lives of 800,000 Americans.
Mr. Schumer, I need to hear your voice speaking out against Trump, or my vote will go elsewhere.
DACA wasn't compassion, it was reckless. 10k's little children gone missing, found later being used as sex & migrant slaves.
Ummmm does this mean not one single daca is on welfare?
Foodstamps?
I could never imagine how my country (canada) could survive that many...
They are keeping US citizen wages stagnant!
Too bad the people of Chicago were not thought of as Dreamers instead you chose illegal people to use , steal our tax $ or you welfareitout
SEATTLE –  A 23-year-old DREAMer in Washington state is accused of brutally raping a 19-year-old woman?
Fact: kids of illegal parents can lawfully be deported w/parents and return as citizens when they turn 18.
HE PROMISED...with his heart.
Worry abt Americans in America not pl who disrespect our laws
Why doesn't Mexico fight for his dreamers to go back home! Our $$ support Mexican economy, charging fee for every $ sent to family members
Fact: those 80,000 dreamers that do work send money back to their countries, not contributing to OUR society. Sucking us dry on jobs/welfare
They are working & send the money back home to help get all their cousins, kids and.brothers herr. The cost us for school, medical, jobs etc
Cry. Cry. Cry.
And the other 9 or 10 million?
No thanks kick them out then come in legally
Why not follow our laws and come here legally? Gee I wonder
So you're for continually screwing the working middle class by taxing us to pay for Illegal immigrants.
FACT.. If you're in  America ILLEGALLY, you are a criminal.
FACT: ILLEGAL means ILLEGAL! We should not pick and choose which laws to obey. Are you condoning breaking the law, Senator???
There's been fewer illegal immigrants and more deportation but yet economy has risen by 3%. I call BS Chucky.
We don't care Chuck! We need to employee American first!!!
Schumer should be working on getting people who are citizen here good jobs that will boost this economy not some others
Good!   Than you GOD!   Send them back to their country to dream.   We have American dreamers to take their place!  Former Democrat
Trump cares about protecting our laws. These people broke into our county, stole our resources. They shouldn't be rewarded!  Former Democrat
Who cares. Those jobs will go to Americans not illegals.  we are sick and tired of listening to your pro illegals rhetoric!  Former Democrat
800,000 LEGAL Immigrants could too Chucky, maybe even better, because they are screened before letting them into the US. Deport ILLEGALS
#dreamers do your "dreaming" in #mexico and stop your #illegal mooching off the taxpayer/earner/worker in the #USA - #AmericaFirst ! #MAGA !
Thanks for letting us know there's 800,000 jobs that Americans can't get.
I mean I do understand, that your Democratic party only has immigrants and illegals as voters for the next 10 years, you're a weasel!
Senator Schumer, are you against 800,000 Americans taking those jobs?
Do you hear Schumer? The liberals believe the law needs to be overlooked. It doesn't matter the reason if it allows for potential votes.
The DREAMer’s plight is an Obama/Democratic problem. Why don’t each of you Democrats to solve the problem take one of them into your homes?
provide some leadership chuck  making stating opinions is easy
We are a nation of laws you allowed Obama to create DACA on his own why didn't you create/change the law to support DACA avoiding this issue
He tricked them into registering that way they traceable ALL OBAMA he was more like hitler than HITLER himself how dumb to listen
What about 800,000 Americans who don't have a job. YOU WILL BE ONE OF THEM SOON!
FACT: U.S. will save $. State 'losses' are Fed tax handouts stolen from Real Americans. Keep stoking identity politics - it's all u have.
800K illegals + family = 40 mill+ criminal leeches. Your voter base can dream S. of the border. You & your People must go too.
Take care of US citizens first Mr.
Hey Schumer, lay down and shut up! Go away! You only want their votes, then u will ignore those who support you. You are the swamp monster!
I LOVE IT!!!!!!
They costs the taxpayer BILLIONS. But you are a genetic liar therefore you will ignore facts.
George Soros article. Fact: Obama signed an unconstitutional law undermining our democratic processes. Executive branch doesn't legislate.
You want to see how many illegals collect our  government assistant program????? Then it becomes a taxpayer's problem
They came hear illegally, get out, get back in line and do it legally
800,000 legal citizens should have those jobs.
Obama signed up by executive order. It was so wrong and unjustified for him alone to make that decision.
And they will only be deported if they turn criminal. Trump has no interest in rounding people up like dem FDR did to the Japanese 1941.
Democrats always keeping people of color on the plantation.
800000 fewer undocumented DemocRATS
Chuck please answer 1 Question: Are they here legally or illegally?  Legals Stay.  Illegals go home.  It's the law.
Can't wait to vote ALL Democrats out!
I hope you people are him for what he REALLY is now-a despicable, hateful, racist, a terrible man!
The Lottery could find it.
That's a lot of illegals
What part of illegal dont you liberals understand?
They take jobs away from AMERICAN citizens, besides they are ILLEGAL. WHAT IS IT THAT DEMOCRATS DON'T UNDERSTAND ABOUT ILLEGAL?
they are illegals

How about people like Kate Steinle that are murdered by your dreamers every year? Care to comment on that, Chuck? Didn't think so.
Are you ignoring the 10s of BILLIONS of dollars that illegal aliens cost American citizens every year? Why not talk about that, Chuck?
Chuckie, you're the one dreaming if you think American citizens are going to be happy with you promoting 800K illegal aliens working here.
Fact:  Americans deserved those jobs. Not illegals. #idiocy
What kind of wacky weed are you smoking? You and your party NOT A WORD ABOUT ANTIFA, Pathetic, one quick squeak from Pelosi, FORCED!
Dreamers are the cause of low wages for american people!!
I pay taxes and am legal my kids are dreamers also.  Welcome back when you are legal and self sufficient.
How?  We pay for them?  School, medical care,  free scholarships, etc
@SenSchumer, maybe you should put your money where your big mouth is and adopt a few "dreamers". What a hypocrite!
800,000 Americans can take there place and we as a country will be better off.
No that fact is as phony as you Chucky they eat up way more tax $'s than they put into the treasury. U C them as future votes we all know it
If only you would be this passionate about legal US citizens, it really is depressing that dems care so little for the people who elect them
When they're sent back where they belong, that'll be 800,000 jobs for American citizens & a swing of 1,600,000 voters from Dem to GOP
So, I'll just come break into your house, sleep in your bed, eat your food and claim it's "work" for the better good!
Let me give you a Maxine response Chuck...."Chuck Schumer has No Credibility"
Yeah we're gonna impeach Chuckles and then we'll impeach his replacement because he's guilty too. Get it yet @SenSchumer
Not so much anymore Cuckie. Am a proud Trump suppoter
Yep. And we're trying very hard to get that stopped. Fact: over 800k drug dealers contribute to our community and boost economy.
What part of "illegal" is hard to understand??? #CommonSense #LiberalLogic
Send them home, with the fine education and skills they have...they can MAKE MEXICO GREAT AGAIN! 
Americans need their jobs back!
don't care they are hard working they are here illegally round them up and ship them out @ICEgov
With #dreamers #deported that's 800,000 jobs for #citizens ! #MAGA
Jail the parents for fraud then kick them out
And millions more drain the life out of it!!!!!
Marine wonders why Americans weren't hired for high paying jobs  So do I Whats your take Schumer? https://youtu.be/ECQqGbqET0Y  RU compromised?
The only boosting they do is stealing jobs from Americans. And being a crook, I'm sure you know the term, boost.
What BS...........cost me enough tax $$
Fake $$$ fake fake fake
Not a fact.  Your claim is not quantifiable.
lying again schumer ? You have no integrity left do you ?
You mean you're dreaming about getting them to vote Democrat by giving them all of these privileges and rights as if they were U S citizens
Yes while draining out health care, educational & welfare system what a Dream.
How many of those 800,000 get free college when My daughter is in debt and unable to repay?
Please protect DACA! We need the Dems to keep fighting for them.
Fact, without those 800,000 dreamers, Democrats won't have any votes.  Chuck when will you start taking care of America first.  End DACA .
Yeah just like people on welfare and govt assistance helps the economy - @NancyPelosi liberal facts are mind blowing
FAKE NEWS!!! That's 800,000 jobs that Americans could be working at and we are paying for their college educations too.
chuck you go they stay. or. you stay they go. pick 1 or 2.
Those 8000,000 are tricked into staying into an illegal program that will never grant them rights nor a path to citizenship #EndDaca
Has the legal definition of immigration been changed by Congress?  No.  Congress has done NOTHING! Either pass new laws or stop the jabber.
When you say "contribute" you mean take a citizen's job and drive down wages. I don't blame them, I blame you.
Those 800000 dreamers took those jobs from legal Americans.
and a ton of money from taxpayers. WP  
Dems want 2 use them as modern day slaves & not even pay them living wage. bring Immigrants legally, pay taxes & pay properly?
That's a LIE! Most got work permits using fraudulent documents like social security numbers, birth certificates, green cards,drivers license
And 800,000 Americans should have those jobs first!
Now American citizens will help our economy.
That's what @realDonaldTrump said #MAGA 
Your math means that every one of those 800K Dreamers is going to contribute the per capita GDP. That is a very bad assumption and untrue.
THIS IS A FACT SCHUMER WE HAVE OUR OWN DREAMERS BUT THEY ARE LEGAL US CITIZENS VOTE CORRUPT SCHUMER OUT MAKE NEW YORK GREAT AGAIN
Illegal trash
800,000 children in Texas need our help now
HEY @SenSchumer DACA NEVER CONTRIBTE TOO BOOST OUR ECONOMY. THEY ARE FOOD STAMPS BENEFICIARIES, TAX CHEATED CLAIMED EDUCATION CREDITS, MS13
Trump is worse than a hurricane in his range of disaster
Fact dreamers take jobs and taxpayer money, let's spend that money and give those jobs to poor needy American citizens instead of illegals.
What part of ILLEGAL don't you comprehend?
THEY'RE ILLEGAL CHUCKLES! 
We have laws &they are breaking them.
STOP PANDERING FOR THEIR VOTES MR.SCHUMER!!

OUR VETERANS TAKE PRIORITY!
FACT:  illegal immigrants cost American taxpayers billions each year in food stamps/welfare/schooling etc...
In California the working class pays for all medical for undocumented kids under the age of  18 . FACT! Do that flippen math!!
Fact. THEY ARE ILLEGALS!
They can go home and dream of how to come here legally.
They are ILLEGAL aliens, not "dreamers". Why do you hate American law?

Immigration is good.
ILLEGAL immigration is bad.

See? Easy!
Fact. 800,000 dreamers undocumented don't pay taxes and send their cash home.Fact. Stop defending breaking the law and start representing us
Hey Chuck if your not here legally get out.  It's my country. YOU work for me. YOU represent the citizens of the U.S not Mexico.
They better dream of not going to prison. Get legal or get out
Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals.
Guideline #1 - Were under the age of 31 as of June 15, 2012; 31? Child?
Coke dealers provide a boost too.
Then you should have passed an immigration bill when you had the majority! No guts and you knew there would be backlash. Now you criticize.
They are still illegal aliens..Change the law before letting them dream next time.
Fact they are illegal aliens holding jobs that American citizens should have.
Why didn't the Dems pass immigration reform when you had a super majority under @BarackObama? No one to blame, but yourself.
#DefendDACA
Deport illegals and provide a BIGGER boost to our economy.
Their parents broke our laws. Our tax dollars pay for their welfare, schooling, healthcare now you want us to make them citizens
if they have time to protest there not contributing to the economy. this article is very bias
That's not accurate and you know it.
Why wasn't it fixed between 2009 and 2011, Presidency, House, and Senate in the hands of Democrats!
Executive orders are usually temporary.

Do your homework #45! Stop your hate & think about our already great USA. @realDonaldTrump You should be busy with HH cleanup and rescue!
