Two words to @SenateGOP when @realDonaldTrump says “I'll have your back" when you vote to repeal health care: Jeff Sessions.
When Dems have your back .. the entire United States of America gets HOSED.
Trumph regime  hosing-your ass  now and you love it . Good Germans did the same ,,then it was to late.  Your on your way.
" I will bring the races together " Obama....WE are worse then the 50's and 60's Chuck thanks to Obama and the DEMS.!!!!!
Trumphs going to get exactly what he wants out of this. Dem leadership playing into his corrupt hand.  Time for a change in strategy !!
I thought you were saying it made you "sick to your stomach" when Senator Sessions was confirmed as Attorney General?
As every1 is saying...your an obstructionist...&the Dems have wasted millions upon millions taxpayers money on these Russian investigations

Don't flatter the Dems. You don't have to look anywhere..Dems lack of caring about Americans is everywhere and at every level
Not bashing Dems telling truth.Dems have done nothing in generations4 middleclass&poor.They lied abt Benghazi,deleted emails,private server

Sic reply! What grade r u going in2 8th? Very immature

https://www.google.ca/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/321978-schumer-calls-for-sessions-to-resign&ved=0ahUKEwj8qtTvgKXVAhWI5iYKHWbeCDIQFggcMAA&usg=AFQjCNGou3otSC4gZAJFp6gxDVf-Y7szXg …
Trump plan to use August recess appoint. New AG so won't need Senate approval and end FBI investigations. He's desperate.
I wish that Congressional Repubs would speak out publicly, instead of privately, about how incompetent Trump is, and remove him from office.
Sessions more concerned about asset forfeiture seizure and not clinton obama Susan rice clapper brennan CRIMES
Remember being stabbed in the back for 8 years by the Obama regime and Clintons our grandchildren's grandchildren will pay for your mistakes
Mc Drone and Graham Cracker are obstacles of Conservative Congress,, even more threatening  is the Feminist in the Incested Congress
Mr Schumer, you are not a soothsayer or a great politician. What you are is a political version of Jerry Springer, without the stripper pole
Yeah...you are just all talk and no action aren't you?  How cute!  Back to your daily obstructionism and useless politics now.
Those are names not words 
Pot, meet kettle, come on Chuck, u have publicly berated the POTUS & his cabinet many times. Stop acting all high & mighty.
Two words for those wishing the Senate would cut the crap and get to work on the business of the American People:  Chuck Schumer.
AG Sessions didn't even have @POTUS's front.
The Democratic Party nowhere to be seen 
Not to bright
"Twisting in the wind?" You Democrats are experts when it comes to lynch mob tactics.  You control the law, so you avoid prosecution. #MAGA
Chuck you're a hypocrite saying Trump bully's anyone! Thats what u do chuckie!

https://www.google.ca/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=http://forward.com/fast-forward/359782/chuck-schumer-will-vote-against-jeff-sessions-as-attorney-general/&ved=0ahUKEwj8qtTvgKXVAhWI5iYKHWbeCDIQFggoMAQ&usg=AFQjCNEcLeWO9F8aXBXaQuKHMWNhQvcWGg …
DJT is attempting to force Seasions resign to get AG 2 control. Abuse of power. When does it stop?
I do not undrstand the Republican Senators whom I at one time trusted so greatly in I honestly believe, I understand ins better than they do

Oh well, when you lie down with snakes you will get bitten? 
When are you going to represent the rest of your NY voters, you know, the 46 counties of out of the 62 that voted for the GOP? #Integrity?
Life long Dem. The slogan sucks. No black women present? Step aside please. Let the younger folks lead. Slogan contest to twitter.
Just reading ppl who follow you, these ppl have no filter,no moral compass! Very sad what you aloud to happen to the dem party!
Why you Dems will keep losing
What you said doesn't make sense.
Let's see -one word starts with F and the other starts with Y. Right?
@costareports @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump Why are you referencing the fake news Washington Post as if it's gospel?
Who's the racist?
Is it true? Or did you read it in the Washington Post or hear it on CNN?
Repeal.
let me berate you publicly schumer. You are a feckless fool who has never done anything to help American people!
I am 100% a Trump fan but I have always subscribe to the notion that one criticizes in private and praises in public!
He's given the "politicians" a fair chance to accomplish... anything... but YOU have failed. I hope you're ready to  #PullBackTheCurtain
#DemExit Chuck
As a democrat I am very concerned about Mr Schumer throwing Hillary under the bus, shame on him. Stop blaming her and move forward.
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Mr.Schumer!!

FYI:The American people could care LESS about Russia! 

WE CARE ABOUT AMERICA!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I've been hearing some conflicting news, hope you can settle it.
So who is more corrupt, Chuck or Maxine?

Stay where you are Sessions America loves you.
Is this part of your better deal economic message?
How about "We Here You & We'll Never Give Up Fighting for You" Then list what your mission will be.  Like fighting for etc, etc.
Nobody is listening to you Chuck. Your job was to keep Senate rules and norms. You haven't done it-you r to weak to fight like we need
@jeffsessions don't listen to this crap and @realDonaldTrump is frustrated because he being prosecuted for nothing yet HRC is not yet guilty
Can't stress this enough...GET THE DEMOCRATS AGENDA TOGETHER ! this idiot will stay as potus until you do!
"I'M" just say'n. And BEEN say'n.
Blah blah blah

Same old stuff again & you still have NOTHING constructive for the USA?  NO DEAL FOR THIS EX-DEM! @CSPAN @POTUS @NancyPelosi @RealAlexJones

Let's talk about the clintons Russia ties and the laws she broke
Don't trust him
Hey Schumcky#it's NOT YOUR JOB to give people more money, jobs or pay for daycare! Who's going to pay for it? Ivanka & Jared?  You?
We The Ppl are tired of #childrenofthecorn & many of the talking heads #FakeNews of medicaid cuts shut up. With fabrications & Lies #MAGA
Washington Post is
Makes no sense
Chucky you can have sessions. Can't be trusted. Has no balls
"I will have your back" means I am lining up the knife right between your ribs.
What pharmaceutical bought Schumer? We don't have MONEY 4 migrants sponsored by Soros and Muslim Brotherhood either
sessions didnt have his and some of the so called gop
Backstabber-in-chief!
Don't kid yourself, if it came to your job and backing pelosi, you'd sell her out in a heartbeat. DNC pretends to be one but r fractured
This is how Trump thanks him for his loyalty
Session showed resign! Just like you should before u suffer indignity of a lose at next election! Approval rating down to 40%!
American politics have never been this entertaining. Trump is finally helping to restore balance in the world. No more superpower! Yay!
will you let that happen?
and im sure he will get Rudy in there without confirmation during recess and the whole investigation will end.
Kind of like you treated Hillary Clinton? Unfollowing.
In fairness, he didn't say there wouldn't be a knife sticking out of it.
As I was saying .. You're a Clown Shumer
This
Christie's Hiring of FBI Nominee as Bridgegate Attorney Raises Questions http://www.wnyc.org/story/ethics-question-christies-hiring-fbi-director-nominee-bridgegate-attorney/ …
@washingtonpost? Please. Thought you were serious
@realDonaldTrump wants to get rid of Sessions, so he can get rid of Mueller. Stop his ass!
You are one despicable SOB.
Talk about "fair-weather "friends." Trump is circling the drain. IMPEACH TRUMP NOW!
SENATOR IM NOT GOING TO SAY ANYTHING NEGATIVE ABOUT THE PRESIDENT !BUT I HAVE A DUTY A TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE !AND SO DO THE GOP ;AND DEMS!
Hey All, lets ask this coward why he stabbed Hillary in the back?  I for one would love to know....karma's  a bitch & it has a long memory
Shame on you...backstabbing HRC. You were NOTHING before her...NOTHING.
This is what your loyal to him got you....you deserve it.
get it Chuckie?
Ur 1 thickheaded SOB It took 6 months 4 u 2 realize HRC blame game Ur a law maker? it doesn't make folks feel safe with a nut like u in DC

The dems think if they come up with a New message..they will win..WRONG..We true Americans got their number..WE WILL VOTE TRUMP in 2020
Amazing how radical liberals find everyone guilty before any real evidence . Real constitution Americans , you liars .
Can we impeach him?
People don't care about that! We want you to fix OBAMA CARE!! Please!
When you give up your special Federal Health Care and use Obama Care I may believe you . Your talk is nothing but swamp water pouring out.
or Sean Spicer
Get real - the senate is a cesspool and you are right at the vortex - probably time to flush a few of you!
Lyin Chuck we do not want your agenda, your government healthcare or your failed economic policies.  You had 8 years, you wrecked economy.
So says an anonymous source

Spin doctor Senator.
You represent me, but you don't! Pandering again for votes.
This is what has happened under Obamacare. Might as well not have insurance since you can't afford to pay for it anyway.
As I was fake crying...
Chucky! Dems cant stand a outsider brought back Economy! Dems have shown true Colors!
You and WAPO are jokes
ACA violates title 6 of CR act that's a felony Chuck.. pgs 2006-09 "forgot" non fed tribes Sebelius directive non fed tribes must prove 1/4
"Indian enough" to CONTINUE to receive HC from IHS that's proof of race Chuck CR act title 6 no fed $ to ANY program that uses race 2/4
As a qualifier 500k ppl are in non federally recognized tribes 14 states have no federally recognized tribes you violated 500k pls CR 3/4
That's a felony Chuck @CivilRights needs to prosecute U& @TheDemocrats cause American Indians in non federally recognized tribes have CR4/4
Just today @WSJ had how wonderfully IHS has been helping care for the tribes fed recognized & non ACA violated treaties Chuck 1/2
ACA targeted a minority group & limited their access to HC based on race... denying HC on basis of races seems... Hitlerian 2/2
Hey Chuck what was ruling at Nuremberg for target A minority group for genocide/extermination? @EPA did poison Navajo Nations water supply
Chucky you need to stop cooking your goose! To spiteful
Fake new MSM ratings in gutter, Democrats can't raise money, Trump raising record high donations. Yet MSM is saying Trump's approval is low?
So sad.  Poor Sessions, maybe he has planned his retirement based on that A.G job's salary. He has to be ridiculed now, to enjoy later. Pity
You are a joke like all Dems
I like you Chuck and have voted for you but LAY OFF HILLARY she won. Big mistake to slam her
Hillary Clinton is a CRIMINAL. She WILL be prosecuted.
Well thats better than you shoving a knife in the President s back
Chuck u and Besos must be bed partners. Instigating like u do, both flaming witches with a Capital B
Two words to Sen Schuler when he says he's got your back..."NO THANKS"
Your nasty tweets move me further right.
Shmuck being a schmuck. Poster boy for term limits.
He knows that his voters will be the hardest hit.
@SenSchumer please review what when on with Trump nad the Boy Scouts and let the Scouting organization know it's unacceptable
You drunk?
Good old Southern boy. Don't know when he's licked.

Vote no on Trumpcare and keep fighting for us

Stop saying. It means S#@t
Chris Christie,Sean Spicer...
Trump also said he would pay legal fees if member
Of his cult got arrested for attacking protesters.
How did that work out?
If trump don't want him then I do.
How about this Chuck; why isn't Sessions investigating HRC and Russian give aways? 33k lost/destroyed emails?
We need a leader who can unite us regardless of  party affiliation to deminstrat  DEMOCRACY At it's finest not  put down the GOV.&it's REPS
You'd think @JeffFlake and @SenJohnMcCain would know this by now and go with voters instead #Trumpcare is TERRIBLE for AZ! #VoteNO
You don't have a clue regarding the details of  what the GOP is proposing.
That's kind of the point 
Recused himself so couldn't talk, now trump wants him deny to collusion but already recussed.
This will be interesting if he fires Sessions will he turn informant and burry Trump or will he "commit" suicide
Trump has no fear of outcome!  Democrats are just talking rather then supporting anything for citizens. Healthcare is the big burden
YOU HAVE PROVEN OVER & OVER THAT YOU DO NOT CARE ABOUT THE WORKING MIDDLE CLASS, STOP PRETENDING THAT YOU CARE ABOUT US NOW!

what exactly do you mean by the American Worker? do you mean people not on welfare? thats your base you know this Chuck
That is just wrong! There are plenty of people that working full-time job still need help! that doesn't make them bad people
We don't care what you say. We only read your tweets to get a good laugh at how out of touch you and the Democrats are. You've lost already!
Please keep up the pressure and shining the light on the outrageous actions of the DJT administration!
Think you mean you're, but this isn't all that nice.
Stay classy @realDonaldTrump #25thThe45th
Can't you do something to stop this? How is this legal? We all know he's only firing him to protect himself!
LOL shut up. Seriously.
It has become very clear that you're only motivation is getting Donald Trump out and u have forgotten what got u there in the first place!

Remember how there was all that talk of Spicer being fired and then he quit a month later after #scaradouche showed up? So it begins...
Reads a lot like your op ed but that smell isn't pizza there Papa Chuck. Might need fresher ingredients, less whine? #makeChuckgreatAgain
Why!?
Awe Puppet, R U worried that the next AG will reopen the hillary server & blow the lid off of the obama admin & thier collusion & corruption
I would not turn my back on @realDoanldTramp. He is #crooked and has no loyalty to the US, the law or the #RepublicanParty. #SlimeyDon.
BS
Always know this: @realDonaldTrump will never have anyone's back!!! EVER!!!
American People have to suffer because President needs to save face on failed Healthcare effort?! Why vote to proceed w/flawed H.C. Plan.
@realDonaldTrump is a perpetual back-stabbing liar. Keep it up @SenSchumer
Sounds like you could also say "Tom Price."
James Comey?
As I was saying... Im not a big fan of America! Is that what you were going to say?
I have yet to hear one of you Democrats say anything about policy in the last six months other than objecting to it! It's truly sad!
#DNCFraudLawsuit               Has anyone seen the #DNC server yet? #ClintonBodyCount 
#ClintonCrimeFamily
And when you say I have your back kids are told to call 911
Chuck schumer, Washington post....FAKE NEWS


Trump is trying to get Sessions to resign so he can appointment someone. A tactic so ne won't look crazy for firing him#PATHETIC
Oh hell...the pathetic one is you ...you can't spell or use English half way so U can be understood....get a life!
Let's face it! You Democrats really don't give a sh** what happens to the middle class in this country! No solutions just obstruction!
He Hates his own cabinet. The very Sewer he created! Spicer, Preibus, Price, Tillerson, Sessions..... #theSewerKing

No more bashing HRC, let's get this crazy man out of WH!
If he fired AG, it would only be out of true desperation to control/kill Russia investigation. Clear sign he knows there's no good outcome.
 Russia....Russia...Russia...get a life!
Wow, yeah, that's almost as bad as when Ted Kennedy had Mary Jo's back.
Claims
Thank you for speaking truth to power on behalf of the people
GET A CLUE !
Agree. You are the best. You and democrats help people. Republicans don't, except help themselves. I have stories. Please run for President.
 run chuckie run!
Schumer should be president. He truly cares for people. He and democrats helped me when asked.But When asked republicans twice, NO REPLY!

Who's the other sheister he aims he doesn't know.
