
Better tell Pelosi to stay off them private jets to San Francisco!!! Bahahaha
Man made weather
Trump needs to be impeached. Do it.
Sure. On what ACTUAL, PROVABLE charge?

Well?
Incompetence,insanity,inarticulate, irresponsible for starters.
Since nothing Trump had proposed had had a chance, then this is Obama's doing.  Climate change is NOTHING NEW
FYI chuck. Climate change has been happening for the past 4.5 billion years.
THE GOVERNMENT MUST MAKE ALL HURRICANE PRONE AREAS TO BURY THEIR UTILITY LINES.  DUMP LYING, CRYING, CHUCK
Lie lie lie
Wake up chuck climate change would be you leaving office that might work then NY could really move forward time for political climate change
Your statements are illogical. Emotion can never replace logic.
A few bad jobs for West Virginia, horror for the rest of the country and world... Smart very smart
Now Chuckie wants to mess with Mother Nature??? Chuck out Schumer
Profit before people- that should be the #TrumpCircus’ motto
MAGA,MAGA,MAGA.. There's an America first revolution taking place, it's even Bigger than Trump..
Someone needs to explain when we never put America first. Screaming MAGA doesn’t mean squat
Every one of them want a war with Russia but not with NK.. they hate Christians but love ISIS.. It's time kick those ppl out..
You sound like someone from the 1890s who screamed the same things about poor immigrants comibg into this country -especially Catholics.
It's not fair to those who came legally but you want ppl coming here unvetted.. Thus expanding " The Enemy Within " Like the BMB's..
You do realize that the alien resident card aka “green card” didn’t exist before 1940 & was put in place to keep an eye on Italians, Germans
Do you realize there was a WW2 taking place? The government was in a state of uncertainty, all foreigners were suspect..
All you must  go see you in 318 and you will
So, how big is YOUR Carbon Footprint?
Keep stirring that pot. But really, it would be better if you & Nancy got on the Trump train!
Now that really deserves more council from ur bud al gore he's the genius on climate change & he did create the internet u know
Chucky .... FAKE SCIENCE, FAKE DATA, FAKE CRISIS. It's a money makers for the FAKE Climiate Change narritive. Lefties need purpose I guess.
Roll it back.
Senator, Americans change the planet due to the energy and fossil fuels we use. If more tax  dollars are needed, how will they be used?
What about the donation money you've taken from Harvey?
Exactly! Push for #climateaction.
Where is Mueller? We need him desperately before there is no America left!
Nothing will come of Mueller’s investigation, unless it’s Hillary’s collusion with Russia.
You haven't been paying attention then. Trump on his way out. Stay tuned. Meanwhile enjoy this.
@BreastsR4babies you are gonna be very upset in 2020 with that fake thinking
Solution is 100% clean energy before 2045
Bull crap..
How about helping Puerto rico? How about national guard? No power no water disgraceful
How do you suggest we "combat" climate change?
Do you really believe that you can control God's earth with your political rhetoric. One good volcanic eruption will start a deep freeze.
It’s not worse then ever b4? Some years we have hurricanes some years we don’t.
How bout that weather chuck
Really, we didnt have a major hurricane for a while
More bla bla bla from Clown Schumer
The U.S. is forfeiting alternative energy capital investment to China and India
You are really a special kind of stupid #climatechange
Thn evr b4 Schumer!?
Rec hist only goes bk so far! Thre has bn plenty bad recorded. Stick around another 10,000 & C more bk & forth chgs!?
Nice try at scare tactics to the uninformed. In the words of Hillary Clinton, it's the Democrats that are easily manipulated.
To go to war against climate change would be similar to "War on Drugs", "War on Poverty", and "War on Terrorism".  Going nowhere.
I guess your tired of attacking conservatives now you want to take on “Mother Nature”.  Have at it and good luck!  #patriot, #wilkow, #POTUS
However not everyone believes in false science. Too many times we see how the numbers are manipulated. Like climate change cause earthquakes
Would you please take a extended vacation. You constant tweets show how much you are only working for your self and to keep the status as is
What global warming chuck?  Where is it, there is no reliable data and relies on junk science all proven false
Yet another chucky non empirical  pronouncement.
You are such a hack
Fake news check history .
Yes let's ban pollution here and move all manufacturing to  and  where they can pollute. This will help the  in libtard logic.
"combat climate change".  What do you want to do upchuck?  Send all of NATO out to attack deniers? A full nuclear attack on winter &summer?
liberal progressives have to try to control everything,saying "than ever before" is just lying and you know it,weather changes
The Trump family should and will be stripped of its wealth for the damage they have already done to America!
Actually, senator, your statement is completely false. Do you believe what you said or is it that you think the people will?
We MUST Rid America of ALL things based upon Progressive Retardation! Climate Change/Chicken Little=Fairy Tale!!! #MAGA
Please help us!!!
Instead of jumping from issue to issue and doing nothing, please focus on addressing issues and coming to common sense bipartisan solutions
R u God? GOD is the only one who can control the weather! Sit and cry because that is the only thing u can do.
Stop building in flood plains
I'm a 63yr old vet and I've yet 2 C anythng ur talking about. What's dangerous is yelling fire in a theater and that's exactly wht ur doing.
How do you qualify "extreme and dangerous weather"? It is what you say it is?
Apparently you cut class when they discussed solar system, planet creations effects of the climate changing over millions of years.
It’s called weather Senator
Hey Chicken Little, your BS about man made climate change is a well documented hoax. Americans are waking up to your lies!!!
When exactly did climate change start?
But we need to seriously roll back some people in Congress. Repeal and replace.
Liberal lies
Extreme weather happened long before the Industrial Age. #fakenews
Do you really think man can change the climate? We can control pollution & recycle. But the climate has, is, & will always change.
Actually lefties really BELIEVE gov not only can, but does!
saying that during hurricanes season doesnt mean much .you know what will asking china to stop polluting people might take you seriously.
https://www.gofundme.com/get-trump-and-crew-out-of-wash?pc=tw_co_share_m&rcid=r01-150765882784-8751391557584add … via @gofundme
Butt hurt much?

Was the Paris accord just for US to give money for other countries it’s a form of payoff nothing to@do@with climate change.
Yep, most Americans want to treat there earth with respect, and it can be done with less regulations, WORK FOR A CHANGE Mr. .Shumer!
STOP THE BS DO SO REAL WORK PASS TAX CUT FOR MIDDLE CLASS
Hurricanes have been around long before the industrial revolution and supposed climate change.
Yes. We had warming periods before smokestacks & SUVs.
Also had cold periods revolutionary war year without summer.
Yep. Even in more recent times, 1970s, articles were written and climate experts were warning of dangerous cold temps. Winters were brutal in the 1960s and 1970s in the northern parts of US. I remember massive snows when I was a kid.
Shut up and go on a diet
Fake false liberal rhetoric
#NoCredibility #LyinChuckSchumer
Big leap there chuck. No proof.  However it’s the same as russi collusion, no proof there either yet u and Dems believe in fairy land
Are you stuck on repeat?
Quit spreading lies climate on normal pattern of cold and warm. It’s not man made it cycles, 60 million years ago North Pole 70 deg average
Sign an order, repeal an order. Don’t forget the important point, it is open for discussion among Congress to find legal solutions.
Did you return the money that Winestein donated to you???
Stop jets from flying and big cars joke talk does nothing air pollution
Oh brother.
Chuckie @SenSchumer We NEED DCchange535. That is the most dangerous thing to US Taxpayers. Useless, spineless,resisting and full of hate.
SENATOR WE CANNOT LET THESES POLLUTERS PROFIT !WHILE CITIZENS CARE THE BURDEN !FOR THE CONSEQUENCES OF INACTION !ON POLLUTERS!
IN THIS NATION WE ARE SEEING GREAT DEVASTATION !CAUSED BY WEATHER !IN YEARS TO COME OTHER AREAS WILL SUFFER !IT IS TIME TO TAKE ACTION
Kelly’s phone was bugged; reports today Kim had US war plan for NK. Imagine if Trump had tried to execute that plan; how man millions of
Americans would have died; we have to follow this up; breaches in security can be fatal; you must bring this up
#ClimateChange is bullshit 
America's energy use is cleaner, more efficient than ever before & will continue to be. How it effects weather I guess your an expert there
Really?  Even more dangerous than the ice age? Oh wait that doesn't fit fit into the global warming/ climate change scam. climate changes!
Except that none of that is true.
News for you there Chuck, the climate, it was never static.
Term limits let's get rid of you all that's in pockets of special interest groups
Can you do something adout it Chuck? @SenJohnMcCain @SenSanders @SenBobCorker @SenFranken @NancyPelosi @DNC
You must think youre gonna get a big chunk of that carbon tax huh? Your climate hoax is just another global white supremacy scam to manipulate the masses for profit. Wanna cut back on CO2 quit blowing smoke. @WhiteHouse #MAGA
Thank you for voice of sanity.
Chuck, save your breath Chuck, he's going to roll back everything that has Obama's name on it. He is a cruel piece of s***!
Climate change is junk science, it's a gigantic Ponzi scheme to fund socialism.. They hide the real purpose, it's done by design..
Yes YOU should. We MUST.
Little Chuckie; Diminishing solar activity may bring new Ice Age by 2030 - https://astronomynow.com/2015/07/17/diminishing-solar-activity-may-bring-new-ice-age-by-2030/ … #climatechange 
CC is just a money grab
Climate change is a HOAX, Chucky the Clown!0
You can't do anything to change the weather. SMH.
Pretty sure mother nature is just as unpredictable today as it Always has been Chucky.
Climate changes all the time, it's called seasons, read up on it
FYI, your winter season will be upon you soon!  Get ready by buying a warm coat, hat and gloves! There, 'Climate change' taken care of!!
What are you and your party going to do about it? We are anxiously awaiting your response.
Nothing they will just bitch about everything while they continue to loose power.
Chuckles please just go away
Check the weather reports from the past ..
Schumer are you wearing your tin hat today?
Empirically untrue.
Is it true you people are taking another week off?  AMAZING - do you ever work. When you are there it's all sound bites.
Are you kidding chuck, I'm in environmental business and we continue reducing limits to levels that add no measurable value but costs a lot
There is no man caused climate change. You can repeat the lie over and over it won't make it true. Once again Chuck ur showing ur ignorance.
How does ur plan of attack going to make mother nature come to a screeching halt? U gonna treat nature like terrorists n tryn $ it off
The republicans will destroy anything that Obama did to help people/ the environment.
Very true. Whole heartedly agree. And cld congress please do something with this moron b4 he starts WWIII......please.
Study the weather effects of the great American ECLISPE and the arctic ice cores..
Agreed. Please support @citizensclimate's Carbon Fee & Dividend to pick up the slack. It will be even more effective than CPP!  Look: 
It just makes Cllimate Change scammers feel good about themselves.
i'll ask again,r we moving away from last iceage or towards the next one?it's a simple question.
surely an expert on climate change like you has the answer.we're all waiting to hear from you.
I liked the instruction to GOP voters NOT to shoot at tornados and hurricanes. Are Republicans voters really that dumb they have to be told?
No we shouldn't, so start tossing large sums of money at it and let us know when you have solved the issue.
Thank you, administration of troglodytes!
Lol you need to be voted out of office your more concerned about non American voters now  weather's natural paths.
What happen to the dreamers. You dont and never have cared. Your a sick head. Dilly Dilly.
Is there a way to change, it sure is hot today.
Lmao
It's just nuts. Just nuts. I hope the rest of the world calls Trump out on it.
Dude why don't you and Nancy take a long vacation. were tired of y'all crap. Trouble maker for USA !
Why tf are you against combatting climate change
STOP YOU ALT-LEFT WACKO
All the money in the world will not stop CLIMATE CHANGE, this is GOD's work ! So much hate from the anti Trump'ers is BAD ENERGY......
W/ America seeing more extreme & dangerous violence from dems on practically a daily basis, last thing we need is ignore it. schumer!
Hey Chucky , it’s called whether! Hey, that a good name for it. We don’t need a meeting or committee or a vote. We’ll go with whether!  Wtf !
Does the EPA rollback of the clean power plan have to go through the Senate for a vote?
No Schumer's pockets !!!
You can’t control the weather Cryin chuck
Have you condemned Harvey Weinstein's actions?  Returned his money?
Chucky go back into your cave
TY Mr Meteorologist!I’m sure you’ve got your finger on the pulse of the weather since you and Nancy were kids.Somewhere around the ice age?
When someone commits suicide, everyone says if only they hadn't ignored the portentous signs.  
The GOP are guilty of the same w our lives.
Ystrday, drove home from NM thru West Texas. HUGE wind farms for miles, millions of $$. Felt like the future. Now this. Shameful.
All the natural resources to make them. Then to deliver and construct. What really is the payoff? 15-20years then they are all abandon. 
check  out the finnish approach and never ending new york shall provide you with a pro bono global hook up
What we're trying to do is manage it better.
Deficit neutral tax plan would be nice too. What happened to fiscal Republicans?
