First Trump doesn't care N Korea can already hit Hawaii; now Sessions says it's just some "island in the Pacific." #Mahalo 
How many refugees would you like to take Brian?
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
It is a disgusting lib rock that has no value to US except filling station for ships.U gave to Jap after war now Korea coming
POTUS pestilence has earned--an F.
Get a life, sense of humor and a sense of reality
You might want to follow your own advice.  He is the Attorney General where is your respect.
HOW MANY OF THE 1.5 MILLION ARE IMIGRANTS ? DO YOU HAVE OPEN BORDER?
We are being lead by idiots who only want power and money at any cost.
I Agree Mr Schatz:And to Mr.Sessions-"Alabama is just some plot of land with weed grass on it" --U R No REAL ATTORNEY GENERAL!
Mr. Brian Schatz, you heard what he said and what he meant like I did. You have to be smarter than this, or are you making a point too
- Maybe when you start having respect he will. That judge is a fraud.  42 page decision in under 2 hours? Total BS..
Oh, the liberal outrage!  LOL...sadly predictable.
Typical triggered Trumpster. Can't handle his heroes getting smacked around. You guys are comically transparent,or LOL...sadly predictable?
Smacked around for calling Hawaii an island in the Pacific???  That's what you've got???
Calm down kid.  I was right about the triggered comment.  I can see you don't understand why he said it, but yeah he should get smacked.
Save your outrage for something deserving...like maybe the terrorist attack in Paris today.
Can you walk and chew bubble gum?  Plus, you're the one worked up.  Sessions made a fool of himself, didn't outrage me..but deserved mockery
Respect is earned, not demanded.
They're a STATE are you saying each state has to work to earn the respect of the federal government??!?
Can you point out "have some respect for the state" in the tweet, to which I responded?  I'll bet you can't.
He should have respect for all of the 50 states he represents as our AG AS WELL AS all federal judges. They are federal judges of the USA.
No,  it's NOT his constitutional right.  That's why we have a judicial system...to stop the abuse of power this administration presents.
Maybe try not being a jerk to The President and our Attorney General. Respect is earned and u have to give it to earn it!
Senator. U ever served in US military.
Do u know and understand unity and compromise. Especially in these dangerous time involving national security.
If that's how you feel? Good we'll send the refugees and illegals to Oahu & you can pay their welfare & obey their sharia laws!
And I voted for prez Trump, show some respect! America, It's my home. Have some respect and support a border that protects it!
- get a life.  #Snowflake
So Obama flying in under radar & requesting judge to overturn Prez Trump's travel ban isn't disrespectful? Hypocrite.
This moronic judge in Hawaii is denying our President a constitutional right.  Hawaii must be so proud #allrefugeestohawaii.
lot of trolling today.
POTUS pestilence has no respect--for self or others. What a disaster he is. 
Cuz it's just the Island !! Smh
Grow up and put on your big boy pants.
And how many #refugees has your island taken in?
respect? The only thing Sessions respects is the KKK
Check your history please. The Democratic Party evolved and the Republican Party took over racism.
Parties change, nimrod. Repubs used to be party of "Family Values"..now their hero is a thrice married philanderer who grabs em by the pussy
There is no "irony" nimrod .. Dems weren't putting themselves on a pedestal & claiming the mantle of "family values" unlike fake-ass Repubs
Senator, I agree with you fully here but why don't you address your concern directly to Sessions himself?
He's saying that Hawaii is made up of multiple islands with individual names, not "a little island" in the Pacific.
Are you saying that a Federal judge in Hawaii has less power to issue a temporary restraining order than a Federal judge in Alabama?
They aren't haha! But the issue was a Pres exec order, which is Federal. So any state can challenge it.
No one cares buddy. Quit having twitter beefs and start working. That's kind of why people are pissed at you politicians and elected trump
Wait, people elected Trump b/c they're *tired*of politicians tweeting? Boy, that's worked out well.
Then who elected him aliens. Get over it buddy
Can we please just re-iterate the stupidity of the original tweet saying people are mad at politicians tweeting, so they elected Trump? XD
The president is a certified retard that's expected of him. Politicians are supposed to be smart and they stoop to his level. All relative
I'm more amazed that a thug sitting in a city in Russia can issue an order to make a reality tv show host president of the United States.
Putin, Putin, Putin!  He hates terrorists as well. Our allies come in many faces, but the faces of death and terror are not any of them
1st: I doubt you're American. 2nd: "hates terrorists" is no basis for alliance. Nor is aiding genocide, torturing gays or killing journos.
God forbid you ever disagree with someone for whom you voted. And you disagree Hawaii is "little"? Maybe your actions will increase its size
Miss the point harder.
Never bother with a moron whose twitter includes proudboy
Is "proudboy" a reactionary meme?
Hawaii IS an island.  It is also a state.  What is the problem??
Its not the "island" Its no matter where the judge is. How can a district judge in "fill in blank" block an Executive order?
, You and Sen. H. should be brought up on insubordination. Maybe a little respect should be on your agenda too.
:  still, it is an island in the Pacific, no?!   where is the "dissing"??!!
  Mahalo from Big Island
What difference, at this point, does it make?'
Respect. How about this one: have respect for the President of the United States. Might be a good idea
Our attorney general is "amazed" that the judicial system is working? Shocking.
@ianbremmer I'm sorry you called Oahu your home
Get that dam judge in line then you have some dam respect 
Sessions does not respect judges and is not educated enough to know that Hawaii is a state just as Alabama is.
Respect- in general seems to be thrown out of the WH. what a tragedy,a poorr example we are showing to the younger generation
#overthrown #livealoha
You are as bad and disrespectful as the Dump Trump!!!!
Hawaiian's are Aholes!
Respect other branches of government even if you have already lost lots of credibility due to your past indiscretions!
Understand it is your home as mine is Philadelphia.The issue is a judge whose distance location blocks the President order. Maybe Obama.
Mr. Trump needs to put a mouth guard on Mr. Session to keep him from bitting innocent people.
Love Japan as a country and its people, but I am glad Haiwaii is part of our country and not part of Japan.   Love Hawaii!
We all are proud of our 50th state and feel so bless to call it parts of the US.
sessions is a redneck from Alabama- the only thing he understands is a 2x4 upside his head
YOU TOO, BRAVE ONE? Bet you don't have the balls to "say it to the A/G's face", do you HOT-SHOT? You corrupt little shyster!!
He did respect your islans, just not this idiot...

Given some of the things I've read about Sessions, maybe he has a pre-1959 (statehood) worldview. Maybe pre-1954 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brown_v._Board_of_Education …
It's like white people can't recognize that other races can have power too #gofigure #whoknew #wow #newinfo
Mr. Attorney General, with all due respect, please get your head out of your ass!
Republicans are always talking about giving more power to the states, until they're not.
Even God wrong about SATAN was created 1st of all angels. Judges R prejudicial also ! WHEN D MIND IS BLIND EYES R USELESS.
Hey Brian.  I hope Congress impeaches and removes the judge.  Then you can be insulted he ever worked on your little Island.
Wow I did Trump pull Sessions out from under a rock. They act as though it's not a part of the US?? I am embarrassed to be an American 
We all shuld kno that Trump/his ppl r stupid n ignorant as they don't know history/geography. Unbelievable how these idiots r wrking 4 ppl
Sessions cannot surf !!!
Your last name is Schatz? Must have sucked in middle school.  Is that why you wanted a job where you could boss people around?
Someone should have clarified which island for him, or asked him to clarify his intent. It's like Hawaii is out of touch with other states.
We currently have a government that has no respect for the citizens of this country and what this country is suppose to stand for.
Jeff Sessions respect 2 him what's that
Put a sheet over your head & burn a cross - then he'll respect you.
Sessions is a boob. LOL
If you fail to comprehend that Hawaii IS an island, a tiny one at that, then you need to return to school and take Geography! Stop twisting!
Evil, archaic elf as attorney general!!! That's what's Amazing!
Canada would love another province if Hawaii would like to join us!
...It is a part of the United States that is an island that is right here." Dan Quayle.
"Hawaii has always been a very pivotal role in the Pacific. It is in the Pacific..."
@realDonaldTrump Admin has been & remains clueless. Sessions one of many not capable of doing the job
I think we have reached peak pointless outrage...
Stop drumming up war. Every single North Korean missile test has been an abject failure. Who said they could hit Hawaii? Colin Powell?
you were quoted by @CNN
@USAGSessions + respect for duly seated judges independent judiciary separation branches of gov't constitution Bill of Rights
I guess he forgot about Pearl Harbor. He needs to earn our respect!! He is not doing that!!
Don't care... it is an island ... Hawaiian snowflake.
Sorry, Brian...wishfulthinking by you...he respects nothing...not even the truth
Then act like you are Americans
You obviously have no idea what sarcasm is.  Just so you know we all have wondered the same thing!  Relax!
Oh for the love of... making something out of nothing, he knows the difference. Let's try not to be so sensitive.
@jeffsessions Look u'all r showing how little u understand Gov¡!U guys r on the brink of stupidity! U think history is going 2 b kind 2U!NOT
Mr. AG thinks he's Above the Law & doesn't respect anybody or anything. The EPITOME of a RACIST BIGOT is the top cop in the USA...pitiful.
You'rerybaby
Not just ignorant but - isn't anyone gonna say it? - racist! #Sessions#Hawaii
Let me to get this straight... YOUR judge, on OUR island, clearly demonstrated DISRESPECT, to OUR President, but NOW your DEMANDING? #Moron
seriously
This is your big hissy? Grow up.
We have a hillbilly as AG.
How can anybody have respect for you or your island home, when you as a public servant won't follow the laws of the country?
None of the administration males have respect for anything, be it women's rights, gay rights, healthcare-the list goes on. Sad state
This administration is a real shitshow-top to bottom.
, Asscrack, socalled ag
The United States thought enough of that island even before it was a state to declare war when the Japanese bombed it.
This is just an extension of the birther lie. Hawaii isn't part of the U.S. and so neither is President Obama.

Is the Trump religious ban constitutional ? I think not because other religions have had extremists also.
Hawaii is one of the United States.  We stole it fair and square from the Hawaiian Monarchy in 1893...
Respect???? WE WISH!
And where is Sessions from?
Nice to see your tweet get more likes than Trumps Russian robo response team on his tweets! My family spent ten years in Hawaii, God Bless!
Session a racist & he need to go!Can't be bias in this  very important position and it's a disgrace to speak so disrespectful!
-A man W/ no self-respect & heightened self-grandiosity would have 0 respect 4 anyone or anything. Oh we have another one in WH
the #judge should have respect for #POTUS and the safety of the citizens of the #USA
This administration doesn't know the meaning of the word.
Embarrassing.  Our racist AG is also short on history lessons.
Sessions is really stuck in the 1950's - before Hawaii was a state, before the civil rights act, etc.
Yes! It is an island, but is a part of the United States Of America.
There is a loophole in the law if this judge was able to stop the travel ban. President Trump has to make sure to cross all the T's & dot I
Thank God for Checks and Balances
Why is this guy in OUR White House ?
When is Sessions going to jail?
Has he apologized?
This is just a sideswipe and a reminder that the uppity Negro Obama was born there. It isn't truly the United States. As Trump said forever.
@SenSchumer GO BACK.
Trump is incredibly stupid.
He would't understand the word respect...he calls people filth.
Has anyone but mé noticed that Trump and His Administration attack any country or individual that is NOT WHITE? I'm just sayin
And Atty General @jeffsessions did you tell a BIG ASS LIE to cover-up racist behavior towards Hawaiians? Such as relatives born in Hawaii?
Pretty bad when the attorney general doesn't understand that there are three coequal branches of government
America has 2 FINALLY ACCEPT something abt the Republican Party. Winning is the ONLY AIM & whatevr it takes is justified. LIE, CHEAT, STEAL.
@maziehirono you should have some respect for the U.S. Constitution, the  you took an oath to support and protect 
Is it not an island? is it not in the Pacific? I
This guy should not be the AG of any state! Or island!
The #drumpf administration doesnt understand the concept of respect.
I totally agree...
These people are not capable of respect
Time for Sessions to go directly to jail for perjury. Should have been there already. No consequences for lying GOP?#resist
get real it was just a figure of speach nothing MORE
you were quoted in an article by @NPR
Appears that Trump has something on Sessions and Sessions has something on Trump. They are tied to each other's depravity. Do not normalize!
Oh boo hoo.. so much false indignation here.
Obviously the point was that in an island where you don't have illegal immigrants pouring over the border, the judge makes such a decision
what we thought we got is what we got.  Scary!  And to think his words were for the public. Imagine what he says privately
@ianbremmer he cant have respect.  He has none not one damn oz. Not one
Show no respect to sessions, he's earned it.
Why should he have respect for a judge that went against the law of the land?I am sick of the liberal judges making their own laws. Ignorant
This, a thousand times this.
I have no doubt that Mountain Dew is most likely his favorite drink.
That doesn't face nearly the same threat the mainland does when it comes to immigration
totally agree-used to be my home and it leads the way over and over again. Mahalo...
Much ado about nothing, snowflakes...
Your observation on @POTUS is incorrect, but I get it.  Your observation on Sessions is on point and should be offensive to all states.
How again "was some guy in Alabama" confirmed for AG? 
Same difference, Mr. Sessions.
Oh man, I'd love to see the look on Sessions' face when one of his grandkids reads this tweet to him.
Ignorance apparently really is bliss for the crowd in the WH
you were quoted in an article by @BBC
WHAAAA???
AG Sessions is a bigoted embarrassment to our country. It's fitting that such a man be appointed to AG under Trump! Just perfect!
And imagine, a judge on that little ol' island way out there can even see that what DT is doing is categorically wrong. A FEDERAL judge.
AMEN TO THAT my friend  Sessions just keeps putting his foot in his mouth and disrespecting people,races,religions,states etc...
A racist above all else. His ignorance on parade. He goes when we get Putin's man out of the White House
Remember now all of these unhinged racists called President Obama unAmerican they all need to go!  SOON!  The disgusting Cabal
and TRUMP said nukes can be used in Europe...
Paglia: Trump Already Headed Towards Reelection, Democrats Have Overplayed Their Hand http://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2017/04/19/camile_paglia_trump_already_headed_towards_reelection_democrats_have_overplayed_their_hand.html …
  #MAGA
Yeah and South Carolina is just some place down south. How decisive was his comment. Typical right wing radical tea party attitude
You are too stupid to understand the point.  Judges have a place in our system.  This judge does not know his place.
