Urge @SenateMajLdr @Speaker @POTUS to move this plan. It'll protect ppl from premium increases, assure the marketplaces & prevent sabotage.
we don't want your for-profit "bipartisan solutions." we want medicare for all.
So you worked out a temporary plan that will take us through the 2018 midterms. And help more Republicans get elected then go up in flames.
Every persons needs to look st all th Rs who voted time after again to take healthcare away. Dems need to state that over and over
Are you pretending that GOP you are anything but a party that represents the wealthiest 1%?
Bye Felicia!
That's a bandaid, not a solution. #MedicareForAll or start working on your resume.

Bipartisan? So who are the @SenateDems going to leave in the cold to make @SenateGOP happy, Chuckie?
snakes like @SenSchumer @PattyMurray wants bipartisan bullshit but not #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll . I hope you snakes dumped to oblivion
@1IronMan2017 @SenAlexander @PattyMurray @SenateDems 
SHOW US!
Yeah but the guy that lives in the Whitehouse the one ruining everything he really doesn't know anything
It's going nowhere chuckie. America wants a full repeal. 2018 elections will prove it.
A good effort to try something bipartisan.  Wish other Senators could learn from u! Put the country before politics please.
horrible plan doesn't change anything
WE. WANT. MEDICARE. FOR. ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We have a DICTATOR in the WHITE HOUSE how about you address that
wonderful. so do something about it. walk the talk chuckee, walk the talk.
It would have been further along if #McConnell & #GOPSenate hadn’t interfered & tried to railroad another #ACA repeal bill through.
Quit fucking around with Wall Street "healthcare" bullshit. #M4A
We want #MedicareForAll

Healthcare IS a partisan issue! The moment you realise that, you may start beating hugely unpopular grossly unqualified pussy-grabbers.
Bet it's just packed full of mores taxes on American working citizens & bail out $ 4 ur insurance buds
will he sign the bill or will you have to override him?
Absolutely, trying to save the ACA that has already failed. It is YOUR FAILURE! ACA was DEM only passed crap.
Maybe so, but @potus would still have to sign it. You should focus on a new health care bill
Once they see what will happen they will beg you for your help. This is not the way to go, waivers leave all states vulnerable. Pull out now
Chuck, very disappointed, this plan does none of us any good & Trump is already taking credit for bring it about. Let the GOP crash and burn
WHO wants this “bipartisan” solution other than your donors? Nothing Repubs will agree to will begin to address our needs. And you know it!
If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor...families will save $2500 a year...lying dems
Thanking others to make up for your lack of effort Chuck...mighty white of you..
How in the world do you reconcile your first sentence w the second?
Gee chuck only about 8 years too late...u made Obamacare the “save all cure all” to health care problems yet a that’s all it has caused
The Dems healthcare should be called UnaffordableCA.  Just got a glimpse of 2018 premiums.  Out of control- sky high.
We've seen your plan the last few years. It sucked hope you did better this time

Great news sir
Boo! We always fall right into their strategy. Mostly because we don't have one. We never get credit for fixing it. Stop playing a diff game
Why aren't you speaking out full-throated against the mess that's going on? Our country is going down and you're acting like you can milk it
We'll see who the obstructionists are now. What goes around comes around
Must be a liberal plan
Vilify and condemn a bipartisan effort. Quite frankly Dems sabotaged the process. The issue now how can you extend an illegal policy as law?
Just please don't settle for something only to pease Trump. Don't let Rs slip in their heartless amendments.
Sen Schumer I have a new slogan for you... Vote Dem like your life depends on it, BC it does
It's temporary, obamacare is dead
Schumer must go where was bipartisanship with Obama Vote Schumer out of office 
Obamacare survives 2 more yrs
About time Senate Dems did something besides blast the POTUS.
Yes a beautiful can that we can kick down the road each election year as the impotent play politics...#SocSec #DebtCeiling #HealthCare
Bipartisan would indicate broad support from both parties not just one...

I hope this is real....
This is not a solution this is kicking the can down the road again
Now U can start W/#Singlpayer & get #ProfitOverPeople #Healthcare out of R System! #SinglepayerNow or #NoVote!This is the Problem!
It's not a solution. It's a stop gap measure to make sure insurance companies get money Obama was illegally giving them. Corporate welfare.
Are you going to work on this?
Why can’t y’all work on the bad regulations to small trucking companies? Is the @sendems In the ATA an FMCSA pocket to? #hr3282 #eldorme
Why didn't Dems fix this unconstitutional CSR payment issue 7 years ago instead of Pres Trump having to fix it?
Then all it does is bring Obamacare back from the dead.  Rest in agony, Obamacare.
It would be progress. Devil is in the detail. Would like to see our Congress working again. President in waiting mode.
Lol... I'm sure they didn't look to you for leadership!
See what happens when you work together Chuckie? Now, get back to work
Schumer has no intention of bipartisanship cooperation He is not for US citizens His intent is to disrupt & obstruct
Your being played
A circle jerk gets support from senate dems... #Backtoworksenator
REPUBLICANS MUST NOT SUPPORT THIS.APPROVE TRUMPS NOMINEES FIRST.
Finally. A tweet from Mr Schumer (And others) that is POSITIVE and FACTUAL.
WE WANT & NEED & ARE DESPERATE for #MedicareForAll you Centrist Corncob!!! YOU WORK FOR US. You're gettin' #Whigged, Chucky.
is it the same insurance as you have chuckie?
MILLIONS WILL DIE.IT WILL COST TAXPAYERS 200 BILLION DOLLARS AND 19 MIL PEOPLE WILL LOSE COVERAGE.IT DOESN'T COVER PREEXISTING CONDITIONS.
That and $3 will get you a cup of coffee.
Work towards #MedicareForAll or #WeWillReplaceYou with those who will.We shouldn't be at the mercy of health insurance companies & BigPharma
I have to blow this cover. Single payer healthcare is bad. Look at the nhs in UK. NHS surgery waits run into years
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-41649870http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-41649870 …
"Barbara" has 2 followers. Maybe a paid troll to tweet againt M4A?
This hurts my feelings. I don’t care if you follow whoever as long as you read and pay attention. Love  from Germany 
IT WONT PASS.DONT TOOT YOUR HORN TO LOUD SCHMUCKELS
as a constituent i am duty and honor bound to request medicare for all plz chuck
Did you all at least read it this time. If done right the first time you would not have to keep trying to fix it. @freemarkets work best
The People Demand #BernieCare. #MedicareForAll #S1804
Senator it got broad support from Dems cause it would leave part of ACA in place, when in actual fact a totally NEW healthcare bill is req'd
It’s not a solution. It’s erasing Obama and you are helping the GOP do it.
bi partisan to you hacks equals how do we make the fucking of americans take longer, please god retire. for the good of the world...
We don’t. Americans want and need Medicare for all.
I have to blow this cover. Single payer healthcare is bad. Look at the UK. NHS surgery waits run into years
http://bbc.co.uk/news/health-41 …
45 seemed to love it earlier today. Now not so much. If the bill passes, who’s going to put it in front of him when he’s for it, not agin it
Russian collusion... hell is coming
If Repubs don't support them you need to let the people know why premiums spiked. Run ads!!!
Does not take much to get support from Dems on healthcare as look at the crap they passed in Obamacare, so as long as they get $$ they happy
What will it take for Leader McConnell and Speaker Ryan to hold votes?
Perhaps one Trump created crisis everted. We'll see. Now, what is happening with Chip.
When do you plan to inform us details of so called "solution"?  Understand it's temporary (two years).   We want an effective/stable system!
Big deal y'all stick together like the lead balloon you are! Just remember the silent majority rules. #TRUMP is #BOSS #TRUMP2020 #MAGA
The lead balloon is POTUS,bringing us down.
Anything from you dems is just another ripoff! You know ACA helps no one except D.C. elite getting rich from ACA!
Another words, take from taxpayers
Uh? Do I hear a new tune from you?  Still don't trust you!
And what did you horsetrade away?
@SenSchumer How come nothing is being done, for this admin sabotaging the ACA?
Agencies have a legal obligation, under the Administrative Procedure Act & he has legal obligation, under Article II of the US Constitution
That means he must make sure that our laws are implemented in good faith and that he uses his executive discretion reasonably till that end.
I Heard great day , that's the Country's Healthcare 
Does your buddy Weinstein approve?
Well in that case there has to be something very wrong with it. I wouldn't trust @PattyMurray to negotiate anything. Not even the cat litter federally used!
Please Dem and Republicans work together!
Go away
not going to work for Americans just works for the ins comps they get richer we get poor
If it doesn’t pass, you pay more and ins co make approx same.
you pay more under @BarackObama care now and gets higher ever year
How do u see the situation of kirkuk?
The government cannot give to anybody anything that the government does not first take from somebody else.
Oh so nooowww you want to come to the table to formulate a healthcare plan...
You mean people are actually working together to solve @POTUS @realDonaldTrump s temper tantrum? No way.
Which means that Trump didn't try to screw it up somehow...
You cannot legislate the poor into prosperity by legislating the wealthy out of prosperity.
If he thinks it's good look close he's a snake  don't trust him
"... bipartisan healthcare ..." wow. a refreshing thing to hear!
bi partisan healthcare is what gave us the failure of a heritage foundation bill called the aca, hard pass, #M4ALL
And is going nowhere in the House #winning
