 didn't sign because it was the right thing to do. He signed because he was backed into a corner and had no choice. Common thief!
I agree. Unless I've misunderstood though, it's up to the executive branch to enforce. That's their Dear Leader. So...
This guy follows the law of the land, unlike 44. For better or worse. Be sure to be there to blame him for the results of the escalation too
Who's under investigation again? If Obama had been open th law, th GOP would have been all over it.
If Obama ha broken the law*
One example. http://www.scotusblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/HofR-challenge-to-ACA-DCt-5-12-16.pdf … But the press likes him, so NBD.
Ummm so 44 signed a bill passed by Congress and was deamed unconstitutional by SCOTUS.  That's not 'not following the law'.
DAPA was also an Executive Order that he used to obviate the congressional process.
Yeah but who's going 2 keep an eye on u Comrade Schumer I mean Putin & the old USSR is what ur trying 2 turn America into,, y'all r the KBG
Punctuation, man.
He asked Putin if it was ok first. If you ppl don't remove him, we will. But it will be a clean sweep. It's time for the 25th NOW!
Amen, Sis!! Talk about draining the swamp, we need to drain it & make it uninhabitable for those who collude against their own country.
Especially Ryan & McConnell for the $ from DeVos to destroy our nation. Supremacists all. We are seriously looking at a Mussolini moment
Indeed we are, and our response to it must be swift & definitive. Congress does nothing swiftly. It's up to us!
Risking our nation and their lives to pander to the white supremacist base. Following Nazi agenda killing disabled, voter info of party?
Wow what a comment seek psychological help
We are disabled, & you want us to get psychological help. Why not just implement @GOP healthcare. We'll be dead long b4 psych therapy appr
I'm all for getting rid of obamacare
Now WE have a UR Guilty until proven innocent Policy? U nor anybody else have shown ANY Proof #Russia stopped #Hillary from Winning!
17 intelligence agencies have rock solid proof that Russia interfered with our election. Don jr. met with Russians to screw Hilllary. Truth.
Did #Hillary Scapegoat #Russia to Save Her Campaign? https://www.unz.com/mwhitney/did-hillary-scapegoat-russia-to-save-her-campaign/ … #NotRussia
I don't even know what you are talking about. It's not clear what you mean.
AND WE THE PPL WILL KEEP A SHARP EYE ON YOU, LIBERAL CONGRESS!!!
There is no sound basis for sanctions on the Russian Federation. We & our allies have been the aggressors & promise-breakers vis-a-vis them.
Somebody ought to invoke the #25thAmendmentNow   #Trumpismentallyill  and a traitor. I'm sick of this clown show.
Russian interference didn't happen under Trumps watch.  Wanting to get along is a good thing but made impossible from past admin. Sabotaged!
The fact that this is even an issue is sickening.  Unbelievable.  How can any patriotic American support that man
Congress needs to keep a sharp eye on you
Democrats need to STOP pushing the Russia narrative! #WW3
Oh yeah, and YOU kept a sharp eye on Obama , Clinton and Holder .....FAST & FURIOUS, BENGHAZI , AND THE ILLEGAL DELETED EMAILS ! YOU LIE !
Must not talk to RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
#Dems must piss off as many as they can
Talking to who u don't agree with is unheard of?

#Idiot
THIS, is NOT within the powers granted to Congress within the Constitution. Have you read it lately? WE still Believe in it.
you can go to heck Schumer....SOROS PUPPET
Congress look like fools again!
Senator Schumer: The president needs a sharp boot (up his ass), not a sharp eye on him.

JudgingU
signing just goes to show what garbage we have in Congress. PRES.Trump will expose the sewer hiding be hide the chiltons.
Here's your Russian connection Chucky
@POTUS has done nothing wrong! All the lies, frauds and harm to America comes from Congress! It's ok Chuckie, we're gonna change that! #MAGA
All u Senators are FRAUDS! U are all self serving and don't give a sh** about the American people with ur pompous lies and fake concern!
American people are keeping a sharp eye, on YOU
People need to keep an eye on their criminal senators . Trump should not have allowed the senate to impede his executive authority
The hesitancy of @POTUS signing sanctions bill makes me think Russia has something on him.
"Congress needs to keep a sharp eye on this Admin."? Congress needs to impeach Trump.
UNFIT to SERVE!
A sharp eye, OMG. More like a sharp pen signing a statement to impeach.
We need to keep an eye on you guys. Doesn't look like you can't even craft a simple constitutional bill. It will be challenged,rightfully so
Oh Chucky! Are you too slow to realize you lose every time?
When is enough going to be enough to impeach Trump?  How much more damage does he have to do to America before it happens?
You are never satisfied!! Shameful you weren't this aggressive with Obama! You didn't call him out on anything! Not even Iran deal! SMH
Your not thinking! Trump isn't interested in serving America-He wants to control its Perception of him-Trump is about Trump-Russia sees this
Exactly it's about the money too follow the money!
No, Sen Schumer, what @congressdotgov should do is move to impeach this incompetent fake president.
Russia baited Trump to blame Congress.  So Traitor Trump obeys Russia  and attacks those who US citizens VOTED for
The Trump administration has shown its total weakness by handing over executive power to Congress in the most humiliating way
Was he crossing his fingers behind his back when he signed? Probably.
Keep your 1 good eye on those Russians, Chuckie...
By sanctioning Iran for no reason and when EU and State Dept agree they're complying with the Iran Deal US is being setup for Iraq2.0.
Chuckie the Clown is a Vile disgusting obstructionist who is destroying our country for his own political gain!
Increase Venez sanctions NOW to include heavy oil. Can have a real impact. $0.25/gal increase is small cost. #Paynoworpaylater
45; thank the good goddess u were forced into signing the Russian SANCTIONS BILL (also known as the Russian ADOPTIONS Bill); WE TRUST U; NO!
He signed the bill because he had no choice. It would become law anyway & not signing would be circumstantial evidence he was compromised
Beware: Trump signed that with invisible ink. Keep an eye on that document.
Agreed. His "rebuttal" is just to make sure Putin is not mad at him and to show that he was forced to sign this bill.
It was the wrong thing to do.. Are we gonna keep poking the bee hives or mend relations?
You should have been doing that from the beginning. Look at the harm he has caused and gotten away with!
Duh
Americans need to keep eye on crooked obstructionist democrats, trying to give away our country to illegals. Fake tears & lies don't cut it
#Trump only takes ownership of things he didn't do or that never happened. On stuff he does like transgender ban, he distances himself. Weak
He should have never signed over his authority. Sanctions, yes, authority, no. We need to watch you and your crazy crew. You're sick.
Where was your sharp eye on Obama, Clinton, et al, who have actually done illegal acts?
On another note what are you doing about voter suppression?
#trustbutverify
Really! Ya think? His comments and lack of comments concerning all things Russia should give u all cause to pause over this administration
Yea wouldn't want them to sell them our uranium or something along those lines would you?
@MalcolmNance @POTUS Just a "sharp eye?" Aaaannnd that's why we keep losing. Get a pair, Schumer! Also, "Better Deal" is crap.
Classic Kremlin: PM Medvedev pretends to be pissed over (soft) sanctions while Putin/Trump play the roles of 'peace-loving statesmen'.
I detest Trump and his administration but I have to agree: those sanctions have no clear goal and don't help anyone.
Precisely!  Now is the time to encourage and support Repub;s who are walking away from Trump.
You took away Trump's bargaining tool!  In exchange for election assistance, he probably made a deal to ease sanctions!  STAY TUNED!
BOTH EYES PLEASE!


I bet Trump was snotting bubbles and crying a river bc he had to sign it.
Let's keep a sharp eye on you, Pelosi and Waters. You are all a bunch of crooks
It's unconstitutional and could be overturned easily Chuckles.
IF YOU SAY IT WAS RIGHT  THEN  AMERICA IS SCREWED
Bull shite schumer. It is because of democrats lies and trying to hide their crimes. Russia will retaliate for this.
And we have a contender for understatement of the year kids!!
Americans need to keep a sharp eye on you
1-Yeah, he was forced to do it. He thinks he can get better deals than congress? I haven't see ONE yet! He's becoming a very very bitter...
2-man. He'll do anything to disrupt any precess that is not to his advantage. He is a bullshitting lying loser.
Pathetic. It's congress that we best keep a sharp eye on. And we are....
Congress needs to pay attention to the left. Awan?
Hopefully we're a bit closer to an end to this malicious and malevolent administration.
I'm totally underwhelmed by this statement. We're outraged but you're gonna keep a sharp eye on it? Lead or get out of the way!
Then ,who is gonna to keep a sharp eye on you????
Add Ukraine to sanctions. Keep ClintonFoundation drug Co Vero from profiting, & blocking @pfizer cancer drugs from saving lives!
HRC abuse of Power as Sec of State, cut red tape reg's for Vero,a company that falls short of producing life saving cancer drugs. #LockHerUp
Thx @SenSchumer for posting about your asinine sanctions bill, that will lead to nothing but disaster for America.Stop Democrats Corruption
Here's some Democrats Corruption going on while you Obstruct My @POTUS  https://youtu.be/sxnEpGuf2YM 
https://youtu.be/sxnEpGuf2YM  Story of TheDemocrats Letting #AwanBrothersIsASpyRing Steal Natl Security Secrets! @POTUS @jeffsessions @JaySekulow
He didn't have a choice don't give RussiaTrump any credit for that!!
You better watch out, you better not pout, Super Trump is coming to town!
Why, because he is not going to let the business as usual stupid crap be snuck into bills while no one is looking?  He is MAGA!
You're right cuz he had coffee and donuts with Putin oh wait that was you
Sharp eye is under statement! Firing and lying until Pootin gets his way! No concern for turning his back on America. Where was his pageant

what was your first clue Senator? Was it something you heard while partying in the Hamptons?
Really - the worm is turning
Just go roll in your corporate piles of money & stop trying to start war with Russia. Now there's proof leaks were altered 2 frame Russia.
Has anyone actually seen his signature.
You know trump has no intention of allowing Russia sanctions to be enforced. Please make sure they are!
Even when our president does what you want...you aren't happy and http://critique.you  lie,lie.lie
Yes, we are still waiting for WH reaction on Russia's expelling of 755 diplomats
Shut up Chuck
Hope someone has ears on them too.
Congress needed to keep close eye on Obama, so we call for a special counsel to investigate!!
Yeah, like SOS Tillerson gutting the State Dept. for one.
Respectfully, understatement.
Who keeps an eye on you ??
That's a pretty tepid response, Chuck, seeing as the vote was veto-proof. Where's your signature bullhorn? Let's see some fire!
Not only should Congress keep an eye on administration, so should AMERICAHe only wants to fill his coffers, not AMERICA'S
Good to keep an eye on Rexxon too. He is up to his nostrils in Russian oil and business...
Yeah, like u did Obama and Clinton giving out uranium away to the enemy....fools!!!
I think he should have vetoed it and let you cowards override. Yes, keep a sharp eye..he's moving so fast you will blink and miss progress.
When the fertilizer hits the fan is Chuck going to shed a tear?
why are you so corrupt?
This is why I hate the pro-war Democrats. Leaks not hacks show Clinton and DNC corruption. Now you want a war?
Do we have proof he actually signed??
Trump Signs Russian Sanctions Into Law, With Caveats https://nyti.ms/2hnV4qz .. Trump left the door open to veto the bill
Speak for your party. GOP doesn't answer to you.
You need to do more than watch Trump.  There are too many ways he can destroy us. #25thAmendmentNow
we are keeping an eye out on you and the democrats who have done nothing but bash the president.Your at your lowest and losing more
Schumer!!
What a !
Where were the cameras. Every other time he signs something he makes a big deal out of it.
No this means we have to keep a closer eye on you and all your shananagens.
If he was so furious about the bill why did he sign it?
Congress now needs to ignore Trump, protect the U.S. from going to war, rebuild infrastructure, stay with Paris Accord, and fix ACA.

After this debacle of a #FakePresident the White House may need:
1: Name Change 
2: Exterminators of the stench 
3: New Everything
If issues come up on Russia we will find the Democrats whining and then try to blame everyone else.  Won't step up for anything
Schumer is partial correct, it is the additional crap that was put in by corrupt politicians that pisses me off
@morgfair @POTUS Scary!!
Sharp eye is putting it mildly!
He doesn't like the part where he can't let the spies and his handlers in the country when he wants on just his word.
Can't you just get rid of them???!!
He remits on everything he does that has merit
And WH admin keep an eye on congress for the American people
#trump dn have any options Backed n a corner #resist #resistance
GOP has House/Senate majority & own this gov, literally & figuratively. Stop aiming to rake in $ & destroy our institutions & DO YOUR JOBS.
Trump only signed it because he had to, #lol. Republicans need to quit pretending they don't have the power to stop him & do their jobs.
We need to keep a sharp eye on you chuckie!!!
So why doesn't congress subpoena Trump's tax returns and hand them over to Mueller and release to America. We have the right to know...
And Chuck, to step up when POTUS needs help when dealing with Russia as congress has tied his hands.
Your comments are ludicrous and your progressive liberal socialist party doesn't work!!!
It shows that Congress NEEDS to #ImpeachTrump
Wow, that might qualify as a historical understatement
Lol..ol' chuck
@POTUS said Russia sanctions bill "included a number of clearly unconstitutional provisions" Would someone please show him the Constitution?
Ya  think?
He was caught between a rock and a hard place.
The nation needs to keep a Sharp Eye on you SOCIALIST DEMOCRATS! How much Secret Govt info did the Pakistanis get from your I Pad????
Screw you Chuck. Your party is the one that needs scrutiny
Wow. Read the official WH critique.  Who knew Putin had such gifted constitutional scholars to ghost write for Trump?
Thank God you all see that.....they are doing some sneaky stuff
If you all havent been on red alert till now, you're in for a big surprise. Democracy is dying quickly with each passing day.
That's it? That's your reaction? He refuses to go along w Congressional oversight,threatens to ignore your bill & you are keeping an eye?!
Yep. Impeach.
Not to worry Obama still spying on him. Has Rats in the FBI doing his dirt work.
Better still it's time to light a fire under Mueller and get him to do something besides hire more lawyers.
Dear Sen. Schumer, Are we absolutely SURE tRump signed the Russia sanctions bill? Is it actually confirmed? Many of us skeptics want proof.
DO SOMETHING! #25THAMENDMENTNOW
Dams are obstructionist
I wouldn't be surprised if Trump & Tillerson worked out some back channel deal w/Putin.  There is no bar too low for these brazen traitors.
He had 2 show that he didn't support it. Basically screaming"It wasn't me!" Yeah Shaggy we get it, U don't want Putin 2 retaliate personally
Pee pee tapes!
 I don't want the lying crooked Dems 2 miss a min of @POTUS . #Swamp draining & #MAGA  LOVE our @realDonaldTrump
He should not have signed the bill.
Don't take credit Schemer! You're an obstructionist!" 
I feel Americans need to keep a close eye on YOU not Our President. U Chuckie are an obstructionist.   
I wouldn't leave @realDonaldTrump alone ANYWHERE in Washington. No telling what he might do.
Funny how you think scrutiny is necessary of the Exec. Branch now, but didn't during the Obama Admin. #politicalhypocrisy
To bad your going to jail for bank fraud!
Amen 
#Congress needs to start the impeachment process!
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Just we're all keeping a very sharp eye on you (((Chuck))). A very, very sharp eye. We're #MAGA whether u like it or not.
You're such a politician (hint: that is not a compliment).
Chuckie the clown you need to be VOTED OUT! You are nothing but an obstructionist! You have done NOTHING for the http://Dem.Party !
#wethepeople are watching. 
#theresistance
Counting on you, Sen. Schumer!
I'm sick of psycho don
Sharp eye? Get him out of our White House NOW, Senator Schumer.
All Eyes On Deck
As do we need to watch you as well
Or just impeach him
No kidding! We knowTrump is sucking the Russian teet or whatever he's sucking on..
Why did you include Iran sanctions??
Russia interfered in Ukraine? The US spent $5bn on undermining Russia's ally Yanukovich, plotted with the opposition & fomented a civil war.
The understatement of the century
A sharp eye?  Into understating the obvious almost like a Republican. Give us a break . He deserves more than a sharp eye. Speak truth.
Reading tweets from inside sources saying 45 spoke with Putin directly before signing bill to give Putin time to move money...
By signing that bill, @realDonaldTrump and congressional #republicans are admitting that #Russian interfered in our election.
What about his call to Putin for permission?
HES PLANNING A COUP!!! STOP THIS NUT
Trump's statement while signing the Russian sanctions bill is his way of appeasing Putin so that Putin will not open Trump's can of worms!!!
Am surprised the American population hasn't woken up to the Demagoguery. Things will only change when you change the people in control (All)
