Yer old. Just to to old,, resign today. Yer incapable of doing your JOB. Resign today old fart.
Chuky make no Dift. We field the pain of OC. You're killing us alot of pain thank you for Obama Care. We will see you all 2018
.  Democraps deal in fantasy not reality
Chuckie - you've enjoyed the "rigged system."  You helped rig it.  Man Up and stop the B.S.
Listening to you doesn't aid my health either, I'd go to the DR. But I can't afford the deductible or the premiums ... you gonna fix it?
Cuz if you say DR I’m taking THAT as a threat. You straight Rx. Read the label. Don’t get vexed. Call me
@BenSotoKarass Agree with Schumer on this?
I’m sure cryin chuck cares deeply about these matters.
Don’t you?
I do indeed.  I have no opinion on premature legislation.
You ain’t speaking frankly
sckumer is old old fake news close the 1980 playbook would you
Bla bla
Clean, renewable energy sources will CREATE American jobs and preserve our planet. The way forward! @SenSchumer @Policy620Stone #620stone
Chuck, coal, fossil fuel, is used in Making clean energy! Please, I'd be more concerned with spraying the chemicals in air via Chemtrails!
What's the diff if we do the polluting or if China does it? Difference is American's have jobs. We have regulated the Americans out of work.
Exactly! Make it cheaper to keep the jobs here where we can regulate instead of shipping all the work overseas because it's cheaper to do it
So, you're willing to work for $1.00 per hr?? They do in China. No type of benefits. That's why the jobs go overseas, cheap labor, period.
Well technically $1.00 in the USA goes a lot further in Asian Countries.  It's like taking a step in a time machine 2,500 a yr = 100,000a yr
CS:in40 yrs u will be Dead. Duplicity is not warranted when one believes the opposing side is wrong.  You have a good heart, find it again.
Neither will causing prices to necessarily skyrocket  4 brains
Tell that to the fires in California. Earth quakes, floods, hurricanes, and volcanoes. Man made global warming is BS, Nature is big factor.
What about the forgotten ultra rich man, though? Who will think of him?
Ain’t no justice, it’s just us. Ultra rich is infared status for an aura. It isn’t for ya. Real wealth recycles first.
Too bad Dems didnt *fight* for Obama's court nominees & allowed McConnell to rewrite constitution. With this court, your protests are torn candy wrappers blowing down a filthy street.
The Kids!!!!! My god the kids! the republicans are killing the kids again. The old playbook
@realDonaldTrump cares about MONEY not people/kids. Clean up costs $$
1. Monsanto and DuPont make  humans and animals very sick. 2. Oil industry and chemical industry make people . Animal farming is barbaric.
I do absolutely appreciate your life's work on behalf of all people.
Rigging the primaries for Hillary didn't work either did it Chuckie?
Or playing Russian roulette with disasters all over the world but especially those living near large bodies of water.
Its like rigging the system for a shitty failing company like sears to go right on ignoring changes in the marketplace and fail even bigger.
Frankly, "rigging the system" is what the Democrats love to do. They even rig the litany: racist/Russia/PuertoRico/welfare for immigrants...
Trump & his money suckers want to go back to the 50's!! They want to relive their good ole days!!
But it will make the rich richer.  Their only goal.
Really Chucky! 

@POTUS @realDonaldTrump is restoring jobs unlike @POTUS44 Hussein @BarackObama & @TheDemocrats
And, most incredibly, it won't create good sustainable jobs for people - maybe will increase profits for Koch brothers etc, but that's it...
Look at what Dems+ white elite liberals anti business posture has done for middle class jobs in USA Entitlement rolls expanding every day
Rigging the system interesting choice of words u & dems know a great deal about rigging systems dead people & illegals voting
Dems have been stalling job growth forever. Americans have spoken get on board or get out. Trump will be here for 8 yrs draining the swamp
can u people believe that he gets 2400 likes for that moron statement  so crazy .  chuck you got   many sheeple   that do believe ! joke
Fix the substandard environmentally poor housing that permeates your entire district
States with the most water pollution: Indiana, Texas, Louisiana, Alabama, Virginia, Nebraska, Pennsylvania

These nitrogen fertilizers which cause pollution are rampant on US Farms too, mostly in Red States.
Then STOP him. Come up with a PLAN. The DEMS need to be HEARD and it seems our team is just complaining. STEP IT UP GUYS
Ole Chucky fell for the FAKE GLOBAL WARMING SCAM. Trying to make his green team some $$$$$.
Really. Your way hasn't done nothing but hurt the American people
Bull's breath
@Sam_Gvozd There are plenty of $8.00-$9.00 jobs, they are looking for living wages. That's how Trump got elected.
To get better jobs, people have to get education or retraining. That's the only way. They have to change their attitude and go forward.
Wake up Chuck.  The only thing that matters today is Trump+Russia.  Eyes on the prize.  Treason has occurred.  Do your effing job.
No it will not and Americans need to educate themselves on what’s happening to our planet. We are all effected by burning oil and coal.
Don't worry Chuck....when any of this takes effect, Republicans will be out of office & your party can reverse every single thing he touched
And these companies have no interest in hiring anyone. Frankly, I think they have a distain for humans in general.
.@SenSchumer push back against ALL energy subsidies and renewables will win. End coal & oil subsidies.
Yes!! Thank you!!
Get over the pollution!  I think we’ve got bigger problems!  What are your pilicies
Chuck you Priorities sre backwards pollution fo not kill kids and do not scare people with the liberal lies.
Lol. Kids with asthma. What a politician
Do you have a child with asthma?? If not, you have no idea what you are talking about.
Chuck you should not be talking about jobs or the economy! Your record and your parties speaks for itself
Rigging the election for Hillary didn’t work either.




It won't help the economy or the polluting companies either ShortSighted gamblers
Obamacare rigged the system by allowing companies to purchase emission credits.
MR NEGATIVITY
No jobs no kids no schools
Will really matter if they don’t have health care!  Hey how much are YOU paying per month?

@SenSchumer then do something!
He can't unless McConnell allows it. He controls the senate.
Even tho they are the minority they could at least make noise. Seems like dems are happy with the status quo.
They are doing all they can. Do you ever watch c-span? McConnell won't even allow them to speak on the floor, same with Ryan in the house!
McConnell is a monster I agree I watch cspan  I have an opinion  based on my information I respect your view.  The goal no GOP #2018 #2020
Bannon's "war on gop" may actually help us in the end. Do you follow @mikefarb1 ? He has uncovered new info.
No I don’t but I will check it out. Thank you! I agree Bannon may end up a big help! #noGOP #2018 #2020
He has found several problems with voting machines. He is a good person to follow.
And extreme environmental laws that take jobs from Americans are unjust. And with no real improvement to the air or water. While China spews
@EPAScottPruitt is unfit for the job he has.
would you rather have expensive, unreliable energy leading to sluggish economy?
How about you pay for all of us to have solar panels with your multimillions Chucky.
No you libs regulated all the jobs overseas.
Profits over People. It how the Rich stay Rich!
I guess we can count on you to support a fracking ban then?
He can't do anything. Trump reversed Obama's protections for us.
So very disheartening
Senator, None of the regulations or water restrictions currently in place in California help farmers in San Joaquin Valley
Like you give a sh.t about anyone but yourself and maybe Weinstein, your dollar buddy.
But it will contribute to dividing the country.  That seems to be his only goal.
More crying from clown Schumer
Try to breath our air in Calif. Fires burning out of control are telling like the air in the 70-80’s. You could pass out!
Before long it will be that way in several states. Back to copper streams, air pollution, blowing mountaintops, killing wildlife. 1950's.
We dont want 2 hear ur liberal BS.. Thats why we voted Trump!
Frankly, nobody cares what the do-nothing Senate thinks. You're finished!
Get out of our lives, you scumbag schemer!
Go read a book
Am I mistaken or don't States have the power to regulate and monitor pollution ? The term duplication of services comes to mind 
Typical Chucky. No new ideas so you just bash. SAD.
Will you just shut the hell up and do your job for American citizens... stop giving our money away!!!!
It is like saying, rigging the system towards socialism for votes, doesn’t help our AMERICAN kids looking for work. You are a fraud.
You forgot to stick dreamers and leftards in there.
Are you guys doing ANYTHING to get the SOB out of office. Enough talk! We want him gone!
For what? You are directing your anger in the wrong direction. Try using your brain to figure ways to work with rebubs
But Chuck,Remember its clean coal. I equate that the same as friendly fire.
It was another useless program aimed to eliminate coal and push energy production to Obama's chosen industries.
More chuckie spin.....are we really all that dumb to u senator ??
What's the diff if we do the polluting or if China does it? Difference is American's have jobs. We have regulated the Americans out of work.
@ScottPruittOK and @realDonaldTrump only care about coal industry & money #coalstooges
Then get off the grid!
They have to breath that air too! I hope they choke!
I hate my party but you are the absolute worst. Just wow.
Name the polluters? Who?where? How many children?
Also overlooked: just like in the ‘70s, polluters will be shamed and boycotted.
Horrifying

The EPA should be abolished ..only the ignorant think government can change the weather
..but global economic enfranchisement would.. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/User:Tralfamadoran777 …
but his base loves the coal ban lifted..
And you ostensively are cold  hearted vis a vis working Americans in poverty stricken Appalachia. Your base hates poor white people.

You don’t know what the hell you are talking about. Go hide underneath Hillary Clinton‘s dress oh she doesn’t wear dresses. Do what she tell
We need the money to bail out the nuclear site you and your state mismanaged.
In your opinion - Is CO2 (carbon dioxide) a pollutant? #CPP
We want coal. Love coal. Coal is cheap and we can make money selling it. We can now make steel in America.
Wow trolls here are actually FOR poisoning environment! Shows how "American" these ppl are. Ugly characters, full of hate & spewing vitriol.
That's rich coming from the party that was caught on video trying to rig the election
Which video was that??
OK lol you have a good day at work and
Hey Chuck quit talking shit, and get busy!! I mean get busy no more excuses for Trump, the ppl deserve much better!! Take Charge!! SIR!!!
Neither will Pruitt's $25K cone of silence. Beyond nefarious to patently evil. Pruitt & Zinke will turn Natl. Parks & US into oil slicks.
You go flying so high when you're stoned.
How about worrying about the toxic plume in Long Island first!
chuckie, the world is being polluted by the world not just america!
Unfortunately Up Chuck, You cannot be honest with yoyrself or your constituents. Twist half truths is the only thing you excel at
That’s what #CPV is doing in NY. Where have you been, @SenSchumer ?
Don’t cooperate just like the republicans did to President Obama. No tax cuts for the rich no wall & no attack on NK
Hey Crybaby, you are gettin crammed where the sun don’t shine pretty hard this week and it is only Tuesday.
It also brings us dangerously close to the feedback threshold limit, after which slowing warming is very difficult w/out geoengineering.
Chuckie-go visit Africa, Middle East, Indonesia, Russia or China! These are the polluters! The US cannot solve all the world’s problems.

 
And when U sabatoge ACA & allow CHIPs 2 expire,  we'll all die.  Yep, GOP= ISIS in suits but GOP kills slowly.
You're the biggest
McConnell has that trophy, not Schumer.
Your policies promoted lead poisonings in Chicago air.
Isn't the air coming from the mouths of Democrats in the House @NancyPelosi  and Senate @SenSchumer the pollution we are experiencing now.
Hey Chuck. Approve the tax reform  & the wall & we’ll talk Clean Air. It’s called  give & take Chuck.
ping.
It will help with creative story lines for horror flicks & better help in understanding the walking dead, which now sadly includes most democrats.
Clean energy will create more and better paying jobs that will vastly improve the worker and their families quality of life #BeInconvenient
Goes without saying Chuck. GET HIM OUT OF OFFICE!
Chuck, the bottom line is that they don't care. They don't care about kids w/asthma, farms, or rec business. They. Don't. Care.
If you would quit spewing your noxious vapors I’ll bet air quality would go way up.
Retire already.
Crimes against humanity, Chuck. Do something
Oh shit hahahaha thats funny
Still waiting for the plan behind the Democratic Party
Welcome back Schmuckie!! Guess you needed time to clear all Weinstein related documents
Let's put pressure for them.to do more. We have done enough.
So we should hand cuff or business and put an unfair burden on them. Other countries don't do half we do already.
You have to get legislation outlawing these wild fires ! The pollution ! OMG
Can you do something adout it Chuck? @NancyPelosi @SenFranken @SenSanders @DNC

You still lying chuck
We can find workarounds for most business obstacles, but there is no workaround for the environment.
Let's bring back buggy whip makers while we're at it!
clean coal exists Clyde
those big donors want their money's worth. Our whole gov't is pay to play.  Time for a reset.
Absolutely right...that why trump won with nobody’s money but his own!!!!

Save us
Old methods that have proven to be devastating are not progress for the 21st century. This is a short term fix for votes. Disgusting!
WELL? DO. SOMETHING. FFS!
Totally.  In fact it will hurt Jon's because these companies were forced to hire people who knew what environ. Protection is.
Senator Schumer, The Paris accord Green Guy's are forging ahead AND  THEY  ARE THE ONES WITH THE JOBS. Mr. Pruitt has no jobs. old news.
Neither will spending money on faux climate change solutions.
Nor on legitimate ones.
I have asthma, copd, emphysema. But more than that, i worry my 7 yr old grandson will live in the pollution! They already took away chip med
Mr Pruitt is dead in the water,  The Many Mayors, States, and their Big Bucks, they forge ahead with Paris accord and Green energy,
He is rigging the system for the American people, something Democrats don’t want to do. The Dems are more interested in taxing and punishing Americans, like Obamacare, repeal now, market based.
Go nag China.
https://www.gofundme.com/get-trump-and-crew-out-of-wash?pc=tw_co_share_m&rcid=r01-150765882784-8751391557584add … via @gofundme
FACTS
Not good for grown ups with asthma or COPD either !
Lying to the American people every day just makes you look like the fool you are Chuck.
#fakenews
Are you crazy Chuck I have asthma do you care I don't think so! JOBS MEAN MONEY for people who need it for high cost meds
Your polluting and you rig the system. I guess that won’t help America either
Frankly, polluting the minds of kids with Democratic views is worse.
Maybe you and your big contributor Weinstein
Can solve this hey ?
Nothing to do with Weinstein. Attempt at  stupid obvious deflection a failure. Try a substantive argument- I'll wait.
Rules for radicals never let a good crisis go to waste
I know Alt- white extremists seldom miss an opportunity, much loved by Putin and Comrade Trump.
Now where are the so called Alt-white extremist at?
Some of them are still in the WH. Bannon is out trying to destroy @GOP. Thanks Bannon, much appreciated!!
Frankly, that's why that is not happening
What a bunch of do nothing senators. Just obstructing and complaining about everything. Get to work on immigration reform.
Chuck u. Go away.
