Like Democrats did with ACA aka Obamacare? Such hypocrisy.
Are you joking? It took over a year, had a ton of hearings, over 100 GOP markups and best of all, doesnt kill people
Really? Was the public involved in the debates? I don't recall? 2-3 days only to read it before vote?
Yes. The news covered it ad nauseum.  We knew what the bill was intending well before passage. We know absolutely zero about this.
And it was passed regardless...too bad it wasn't a good bill.
Its not perfect but ask any cancer patient who has no more lifetime limits and has an annual out of pocket max. Uninsured are at lowest ever
So as @VP has stated, how do we rescue the American people from the ongoing collapse of Obamacare.
Easy you stop trying to collapse it. A fireman who puts out a fire he started isnt a hero.
@SenSchumer  and @SenateDems for speaking up for all of us, thank you (from TX).
.@SenSchumer here's how you get GOP to pull from #ACHA "bill"
Run the numbers on @SteveScalise medical care if he didn't have coverage
Show what it would look like in his state w & w/o ACA vs ACHA. Explain he now has a pre-existing condition, not his fault. #NoHearingNoVote
Did you read Obummer care before passing it? NOPE, you didn't because there was no way to read over 1000 pages in mere hours before voting
Where were you that day Chuck?
I remember in March,2010 the aca bill  final draft went out at 3:00 or 4:09 Am and was voted on ariund 11AM same day  I remember well:)
sorry about the typos
I'd vote for it. Who wants to buy a pig in a poke?
You care for no one but NY, many people have 1 or no plans for their counties in many states. Let it implode so you Dems have to fix it
Need to pass it to find out what's in it. Remember?
We know that is a Fox News talking point that has been debunked as being taken out of context.
Like what you did with Obamacare?
ha! you didn't know what was 'in' #Obamacare and you SIGNED IT!!!!!! At least we [us senate] can see whats' in it #TRUTH #DEMS #ShameOnYou
Your party kept Obamacare a secret from the Republican party, so stop whining about them treating you just the same.
Really?  What alternate dimension were you living in?  It was online publix for 3 months.  You idiots said it was too long remember?
When you delay healthcare, I can't get surgery.  You are SICK people.
Why didn't you give us that same opportunity with ACA?
Noone was allowed that luxury with Obamacare. One of its architects said it was passed because of the ignorance of the American people.
Hey Chuck, how many Americans or GOP Senators did you invite behind the closed doors with Landrieau on the Louisiana Purchase for Obamacare?
I sure hope NY will drastically cut the money NY sends the Fed, we'll need it to help our people, cut work both ways
The Republi-con's scam #Trumpcare must never become reality. @SenateMajLdr It's a criminal heist. Call your Senators! No AHCA!
https://twitter.com/realjuniorpardo/status/874756230614593536 …

They need to stop hiding and show their support in the open.  If it's such a great bill, why keep it so secretive?  (We know why.)
Pelosi: we have to pass the health care bill so that you can find out what is in it.
Like democrats did with Obamacare
My kids got insr to age 26, preventive care covered, birth control covered, health care jobs growth. All good things. Sorry didn't work 4 u.
Mine too. They got a job and paid for it themselves
No! Use the Senate rules to your advantage: #FilibusterByAmendment
Yes please!!!!!!
Why didn't we get that choice with Obamacare?
Why didn't you do this with Obama care instead of shoving it down our throats. Y'all said we have to pass it to see what's in it. POS!!!
why is this any different from Obummer care? No one was able to read it first, NO ONE. Oh but that was different because it was the Dems
@SallyDeal4 TELLING IT LIKE IT IS!
amendments amendments amendments, 4000 of them will stop the vote on the AHCA until after the 2018 elections
Why didn't that happen when you fools pushed Obama Care down our throats?
Trumpcare in Senate; we must stop Senate from passing. Millions will lose healthcare, pre-existing conditions difficult to get coverage...
Wife of @senrobportman is on the board of a children's hospital...he shld know how important this bill is to the sick & vulnerable! Resist!
I'M SURE IT'S BETTER THAN THE BACKROOM OBAMA CARE
YES
Can you do something about it? Obstruct something? Protest something? No?
It's time to play hardball!
Please rally @SenateDems to draft 100s or 1000s of amendments for Vote-A-Rama! Filibuster by amendment! #NoAHCA!
Do the Dem Senators also have a hundred or so amendments to debate and vote on? Withhold Consent! Obstruct, please! Lives are at stake
It's ridiculous that we have to pass a law for something so common sense.
Senate Dems need to do this!!!!
Got a Democratic Senator? Here’s how they can ACTUALLY PLAY HARDBALL on TrumpCare. Yes, they have tools to use. Yes, they can win. 1/
Lol. What happened to the pads to see what's in it philosophy?
Nice try but it won't pass, right? Why not drag it out with 10,000 amendments? It's your prerogative! And it could work!
Why wasn't this done with Obamacare? You guys passed a bill and didn't even know what was in it. Now we all are paying for it in some way!
Unlike when you Democrats swept it all under the rug, until it was passed? Why is it different THIS time?! Political HACK!
I don't remember you saying this with Obamacare. Pelosi said we have to pass it to see what's in it.
@SenJohnThune told @morningmika that Senate republicans welcomed participation from Dems in their health ins bill.
Yrur hearings are a waste of time. Enough lies and quit blowing money on freebies for free loaders. Thanks Chuckster. Crying is not cool.
Another way to keep the leeches alive on the extra billion you have left. Just go away and take Hill and Bill. Nice job on your campaign. !!
Why wasn't this done when you fucked millions w Obamacare originally ? 3000/month 10k deductibles for Obamacare = democrats/insurance theft
Unlike Obama Care or ACA? Now that's funny. #MAGA
No one will ever take your comments seriously about Trump care until you explain why Obama care failed. Why did it fail?
Too bad no one was able to do that with Obama care. What was us Polosi said? You can see all the bill when you pass the bill..fair is fair.
The only reason GOP has to do anything with this is due to the ineptitude of Dems.
So much fighting/blaming/"investigating" and nothing getting done.  We need judges, healthcare, road repairs, jobs. Plz accomplish something
Getting killed with obamacare loopholes $139,000 get repel and new care ASAP. Dems need to work for ALL USA actually do ,not fake crap #MAGA
Now Chuck is for transparency. Where was the transparency on NObamacare?
Like you and Dems did with Obama Care, your a joke @TrumpGirlStrong @DBloom451 @realDonaldTrump
Couldn't rattle that out of your pea brain before the Obamacare vote could ya Chucky
Now it's important 2 know what's in it. U didn't even know what was in Obamacare legislation B4 u passed it w/out 1 Republican vote. #2faced
the #bots are strong in the #FakeNews about #ACA #Obamacare @dangillmor @SenateDems
Oh ya..dems are so good at open viewing, "we have to pass it to see what is in it" YOU ARE A VILE JOKE!.can't fix stupid
You mean like Obama Care that none of you ever read because it needed to be passed first????  #GimmeABreak
Mr Schumer. You want to see reps plan but needed to pass Obamacare before we knew what's in it. Quit playing with the American people.Quitit
Karma
Force bill thru in middle of the night,get trillion $'s for the super rich,no preexisting conditions.
Why didn't you want the same for #Obamacare? Chuck you are an embarrassment to the intelligence of the US people. HYPOCRITE
The shooting today was about this kind of crooked behavior by Rs. Sorry but they need to get it that damaging HC, n Democracy  makes ppl mad
Is that why all americans did not see one piece of osamacare, before you revealed it to us then took away our healthcare,Nancy said pass it
Your advocacy for America is appreciated, Senator. Thank you.
Are you ever going to actually get to work for the people? Your Obamacare sure isn't!!!!
hey chuckie why didnt you do that with obamacare? instead of forcing it down our throats huh chuckie
Like how you had to pass #Obamacare so we could find out what's in it.  You're hipocrisy knows no bounds. #chuckgohome
you mean like the joke you all called obamacare? you must pass it to see what is in it?????? you democrats are fools!
How DARE you stand up for the American people! Pretty sure senators are prohibited from doing that, just ask the #GOP
No one got to see inside the crappy Obamacare bill. As your counterpart said "we have to pass it to see what's inside it"
Remember Nancy Pelosie  ??Pass so we can see what's in it (O'Care)
You mean how we saw what was in Obama Care? When did you get religion? You needed to pass the bill to learn what is in it hypocrite
#ShowUsTheBill @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr Mitch you like to hide things like this because you KNOW it is wrong.  You're just a punk sellout.
Nancy Pelosi says you have to pass the bill before you find out what's in it. Right?  Dufus
Biggest hypocrite in the world.
Like you, Pelosi,  did w/ obamacare? You guys said "WE HAVE TO PASS IT TO SEE WHAT'S IN IT"! You've become an unhinged, hateful old fool:/
You mean "WE DONT NEED TO PASS THE BILL TO SEE WHATS IN THE BILL!!" Incredible HYPOCRISY
Go get um Senator ,ACA had how many hearings and town halls for how long ?What the extreme right is proposing is ridiculous !
Lier
Yes!  I am scared that #Trumpcare would mean no health insurance for me & millions of other American citizens
Why do we have to pay for everyone's healthcare?
then why not stop all the BS investigations that have produce nothing and move forward and work together to fix some issues
There's enough dog-and-pony shows on the TV during the day why anyone would want to watch another one at night is beyond me
Let me see did we get that opportunity with Obamacare no we didn't that's what I thought. Remember we have to pass it before we read it
Time for Lynch to start opening her mouth about all the bullshit going on with Democrats destroy cell phones shredding papers over Benghazi
I'm confused... our tax monies are paying the governments salaries and we're not allowed to question or look at NEW healthcare bill??
You people voted for obamacare without knowing what was in it.
Like Obamacare right? Hypocrite
Americans had Obamacare sprung on them. It was sold to the people as something it quite obviously was not.
#dems #noideas party
I hope the house loses more seat to republicans.if people want to be blind and act dumb and forget how the Ocraper care was passed.#jokes
Your rhetoric against @POTUS and the right directly contributes to the violence we are seeing this morning directed at Rep Scalise. Stop it!
No, untrue and very unfair! No inciting rhetoric above. Please don't ignore the truly shameful rhetoric of the @POTUS himself 
Listen w/care
so because you lost an election LEGALLY you are now going to take the republicans out by killing them one by one. SHAME ON YOU!
Hypocrite and whiner. Poor excuse for an elected official.
did u cry when obamination had a deal with Iran ? Can't trust u
Chuck, when did we learn and "debate in the open" Obamacare? Remember @NancyPelosi passing to see what was in it? @realDonaldTrump
#DEATHCARE Republicans are passing it behind closed doors zero public hearings #DEATHCARE we need to have marches asap call your Congressman
Set the example. If Obama care is so good get rid of your insurance and replace it with Obama care. Be a leader.
You clowns voted on Obamacare without even reading it and cost us $1 trillion. So what's big difference between now and 8 years ago? Hatred?
Why wasn't this put before Obumber ScrewAmerica Plan ? Get out of Our way Demon-Rat ! Maybe American's are Smarter then you want us to B
Why didn't you do that with Obamacare?
Maybe you should have been honest when shoving Obamacare down our throats. Oh wait, it never would have passed.

President Schumer  sounds good
Expose this #health bill. We all need to rouse the sleepy heads to force this bill to be exposed. #Resistance
You have to pass it before you can read it. Haha hypocrite
Does anyone care that millions will lose healthcare? Tax cuts for rich #no healthcare for poor.  Republicans won't pay a price/2018
@SenSchumer You can read it when it's passed.
You mean we don't have to pass the bill to see what's in it? You are a joke & America can see through your dishonesty
Make it retroactive to ACA and you have a deal!
This is coming from the gangster way Obamacare was passed in dark of night using bribes/threats & pass it to read it Pelosi. You fool.
we didnt get to DEBATE OBAMA CARE!!
Please stand up to obstructionist Senator McConnell. Hiding the Healthcare bill is absurd & antidemocratic. NO hearings on AHCA=Block Senate
All this winning is overwhelming everyone!
Just like Barrycare, right Upchuck?
Would have been nice for this to happen the first time, too.
Senator how about #WithholdConsent until a fair & open hearing on #TrumpCare and an independent commission on #TrumpRussia?#resist
So now what is the next plan?? Why not try doing your f@##* job instead of playing Mr tough guy trying to take down Trump.
Americans all know and very sick and tired of Democrats shitty ass game .Sick and tired of YOU ...Pelosi and rest of Dems.
You don't deserve the chair you sit in.
To have this occur, would be true democracy in action.
Where were you when Nancy Pelosi said you have to vote for Obamacare to see what's in it?
Did we get to c Obamacare b4 u voted on it ???
Great satire video yesterday..  I would like to say that you are awesome, and I am blessed to humiliate and brown nose myself for you.
So you don't want to pass it and then find out what is in it like Nancy Pelosi wanted in Obama care.
You have bigger problems that trump - GET US BLUE Collar JOBS!!! NY State NEEDS INDUSTRIAL INDUSTRIES to employ NY's uneducated poor class
Ya  like Pelosi w Obamacare. Oh wait she didn't She demanded after Dems wrote bill behind closed doors w/o Rep. we pass first read later
they'll never pass that... they run from accountability
Senator, I think this is a great idea! Can this be done in time? How can I help?
#trumpcare #resist #Indivisible #VetsAgainstTrump
Oh, you mean like O'care.  "You have to pass it to read it".  Stop fighting against everything and start fighting for something
Why did Polosi say U had to pass Obamacare in order to know what's in it? Double standard!
How do you pass that with GOP in control?
Just like the Dems did, but now you don't like it!  LOL
The Democratic party are complete hypocrites, the Republicans are complete idiots for not being hypocrites, how do you live with yourself CS
Hypocrite.  What happened to 'we need to pass the bill to know what's in it'?
Just like @NancyPelosi called for on ACA Your political hypocrisy turns my stomach every other time you speak
Very different from the disastrous #Obamacare where we had to 'pass the bill to find out whats in it' whats in it was crap, still is
Kind of like, what the democrats did with Obama care, right???
Gee Chuck what a great idea...
That would have been great for the ACA...
But we had to pass the bill before we could know what was in it.
You know like we did with Obama care
Oh like we had a chance to see what was in Obamacare? YOU slime ball!
I'm backing this legislation with my senators.....are you??? Call, email, tweet, text, walk into the office ....speak up
Sharing real life stories of who the #AHCA harms will make a difference-pls rt
Maybe we should include who the ACA harmed?
Blah blah blah
Now you want transparency? Well OK! Let's start with the AWAN BROTHERS.
Finally, a common sense bill that we can all get behind!
YOU SHOULDN'T GET DRUNK ANYMORE.
Just like Obamacare...does anyone know how to spell hypocrisy...tissue please
Don't let these clowns get away with it. Keep fighting for us Chuck.
Don't remember you being concerned that Americans knew what was in Obamacare. Dems didn't care or know what was in it when they passed it!
Your president has a wide array of hidden agendas
ML, you seemed to be confused.  As Speaker Pelosi put it. "You have to pass it to know what is in it" Live by the sword die by the sword.
You mean like you did with ObamaCare?  Just how hypocritical can you get @SenSchumer?
That is violating my constitutional right to have to hear anything you have to say!  You make me Angry everyday with you always Negative!!
Just shut the damn Senate down until the bill is revealed and debated in public. Play hardball with these vicious thugs.
Stop the lies there's no such thing as free health care you either increase taxes or borrow which enriches health insurance companies.
are you seriously acting indignant about passing a healthcare bill without knowing what's in it?! Agree we need to see but YOU?!
You mean like Obama care when Pelosi said we have to pass it so we know what's in it?
Well we know what Obama cared did for the American people
THANK YOU
Hahaha
Cause we all got to see what was in Obamacare before you passed it. Lol Democrat hypocracy
Yeah something you and your party never wanted to happen when Obummer care was being shoved down our throats.
Schumer won't debate Trumpcare just relentlessly delay then attack POTUS as paralyzed impotent incompetent self serving but that's the Dems
Russia, Russia, Russia.. get the f**k over schumer. If u have nothing better to do then obstruct . U need to resign
Nothing ever accomplished in such severe secrecy has ever led to good things. #Trumpcare #Tyranny
Like you did with Obamacare! You didn't care about NYers paying crazy premiums! Now you care? Which is it?
You mean like you have to pass the bill to see what's in it? You fucked up you own it!!!
You had 8 years to fix OBAMA Care. Did Nothing, now you want to go on vacation ??   GIVE US YOUR SENATE HEALTHCARE PLAN PROBLEM SOLVED
Didn't N. Pelosi say "Pass Obamacare bill so we can see what's in it "?

Did you ever read Obama care before passing it
make no mistake Mr. Schumer many Dems I know are disgusted with U and your partyif no bills pass it will be the Dems fault for doing nothing
