Clintons uranium 1 deal with russia is real russia investigation not your fake news with jake tapeworm at cnn(clinton news network)
Trump on Titanic no enough life jackets.
Ok, when the FBI finished, and they find nothing on Trump, will you resign in disgrace? Help out America.#DementiaAwarnessWeek
ueiee7
Hahaha
I wish I could watch CNN but it's so corrupt and bias I will never watch it again.
This lie about a Russian scandal is really making democrats look stupid and it's starting to get very old!
Uh did you notice like 6 of trump's closest  people have been caught lying about mtgs w Russia? Or that he keeps firing the investigators?
Uh if I had a dime for every lie Barry Obama told that I could probably buy Trump tower!
Name a few, Pres Obama is not perfect but not known to Bald face lie. This is about corrupt Trump and his lying cronies
Obama was a liar of the 1st degree plus he had the Muslim Brotherhood running the show!
"Had the Muslim brotherhood running the show?" Would you elaborate ?
Valarie Jarret!
Oh that totally clears it up thanks /s
Schumer get over it, how much is Soros paying you to block evything POTUS does to make America Great Again. You are assuring a dem loss mid
When are they going to investigate Schumer and Cuomo
Yes! Strong case for obstruction of justice against Dems during the whole HRC email scandal.  That is what you were talking about, right?
When will you ask 4 a thorough investigation of Hillary? #never #DoubleStandards
more $ was spent on Hillary's email/Benghazi investigations than was spent in 9/11's investigations.
YAWN
True New's
Real New's
CNN and Democrats are trying to take down the american Government...this should concern everyone.
fbi,cia,nsa plus house and Senate committee has found nothing.maybe you should talk to peter king.
It's time for America to demand impeachment proceedings begin to remove the most dishonest, incompetent, decisive, destructive POTUS ever.
No evidence,zero....
It's nice to see someone who still believes in Santa Claus.
President Trump & his top aides are NOT under FBI investigation. Let that sink in. The Dems sound desperate while looking foolish,
Source?

That's no exoneration;the investigation cd be focused on others around Trump, perhaps on his campaign,which could lead to the president.
It's been 11+ months Lynn, you sound desperate.The Dem party is obstructing their way out of business,they add no value.
You Are Wrong Chucky Are You American Or Counter American? Your Blind Allegiance To Your Failed Party Makes You A Fool Your Career Will Fail
Use the same spec prosecutor used for Fast and Furois, Benghazi, private server used by Hilary and the accounting of the Clinton foundation.
& they concluded that prosecution should move forward, of Hillary. #tcot
For the People by the people...78% want a special prosecutor why is it not happening????

Yates would be my vote!!!  Lmao

Thank you and the rest of your cohorts for campaigning for the GOP and Trump in the next elections. OBSTRUCTION the democrats message
Thus is such bs
