@universe2519 Of course not: it's time to build a Wall! #GOPIdiocy
Sure because access to healthcare means no more overdoses. Just like access to HC prevents death in general. Typical left gibberish
What happened to the best wall ever
i guess people in new york need common sense and not use them and even more common sense and vote republican!!!!
Yes because of your open boarder left wing legalize drug policies! You are done!
Maybe if you didn't bring in the illegals with their drugs killing USA kids that # would be done! You have pissed off a lot of Ppl in NY!
Let them die, losers doing drugs, gets them off Medicaid and reduces the pain they cause others. Win Win
bot alert
#IAGREE
Are you sharing your ideas with your republican peers? Please work with them! #nonpartisan
GOP wont let Dems into meetings & are fast tracking the bill so there will be no hearings or amendments. You're pleading w/wrong person.
Not sure that's true. I bet they could work it out  if serious about compromise and willingness to work together 
Yet the doctors who prescribed these never have to answer to anyone!
I blame  big pharma who misled docs, knowing that they were pushing addictive drugs. There's no corp social responsibility, no ethics.
Big pharmaceutical is a huge Democrat donor.  When Trump was going after BP they flipped their lids.
Deaths increased but cutting spending will...wait?What?  Chuck what??? And nobody is cutting that stuff STOP WITH YOUR SCARE TACTICS CRYBABY
Sorry don't see connection with Medicare. It's border policies causing Opioid problem. It's MDs who push Opioid pain Meds causing  problem.
As they count THEIR blessings people will die without dignity , the GOP is becoming the opposite of AMERICAN
Don't do heroin
Thanks for all of your hard work
people claim it just happens addictions doesn't I have bad pain take hydro and others only when pain is BAD bone on bone
The displaced patience last year cancer patients chronic pain patients turn to the streets ended dying because there was no Back-up Plan
Thanks @BarackObama 
if ppl that suffer from real pain get pain meds where the side affects won't kill them they wouldn't have to buy them on the fucking street
#FilibusterByAmendment
What was in place last year didn't work. Need more than $ to solve problem. Dems solution always to spend more.
Build a wall and stop drugs from coming in.  If u haven't seen Bill in senate how do u know it will make those cuts?
What no tears from the head clown for medicaid?
You want the fed government to help but yet you resist what they're doing to help. We have to get illegal alien criminals out of the US now!
I have many patients that tell me they use their Medicaid ( and welfare checks) so they can get drugs .
saving lives or enabling? Better to have the wall on the border where 75% of the heroine comes from that is destroying our kids!
Opioid overdoses are note caused by waste and fraud in a social welfare system. #Medicaid
You have to choose, illegals or druggies can't have money for both
#Cannabis treated pain until 1937. Pass #HR1227 we need medicaid for everyone with full access to cannabis 80 years of LIES on a plant GREED
@CNN I don't do drugs! Tell me why do I have to pay through my taxes for someone to get help? Can I get money for help with my taxes?
How in the hell are those to related????
Now is time to build a wall to stop the drugs from coming across the southern border but I'm not telling you something you don't already kno
How does Medicaid prevent the opioid problem. You waste time attacking DJT & GOP to ignore real problems. YOU are problem if not the cure!

Yeah boy...... Medicaid sure helped save that 26% increase!
Where does the money come from to buy the drugs ?
Tell your governor as Medicaid should be state funded
The AHCA is toxic!!!
No. It's long past time to outlaw sanctuary cities.
Having Medicaid hasn't got anything to do with opiod overdoses.
Let's see if I've got this right... they buy their own illegal drugs and then we pay for all the problems, another boondoggle from
Chuck and his gang of thieves
Our tax dollars were used to subsidize the research and development of these wonder drugs. Then our healthcare plans and doctors pushed them
Now we have to pay again to save the people these programs addicted. Maybe next time someone will question science?
Schumer fix the problem, stop providing the maintance. That's why YOU & NY continue to have increasing overdoses.
Now is the time to fight for #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll. We deserve an NHS like the UK. #NHSforUSA. @SenGillibrand @HouseDemocrats
Seems contradictory to say Medicaid is saving lives when overdoses are up.
For someone who went to an Ivy League school, ur not very bright. WhY don't u get a real job working in an addiction ctr if ur so concerned?
God Bless Your Caring Soul ..... Sadly I think some of your colleagues sold their hearts to the highest bidders.  We must do better!  Plesse
Maybe you should stop flow of drugs coming into America.  Work for ALL USA and maybe you could stop that 26% rise.  #MAGA #realDonaldTrump
Is in pretty much the whole state run by democrats
NY can step up and pay the tab
Fk the dems they are racist
Not to mention the millions of people who are currently on meds for depression. If they weren't before, they are now!
Trump's campaign was against opioid abuse, where were you then?
It's the perfect time. I work my ass off. Not to pay for them
What does medicaid have to do with punks overdosing on drugs??
Do you guys want a very good Heath care package? I have the plan.
1 day you could stop bitching and not waited 8 yrs about opioids
You are right!  Pls stop all Senate business until they #ShowUsTheBill
. Please I beg you and other dems get a bit tougher! Gotta get attention of people. Some say dems have no platform. You do!
legalize all drugs- monitor, regulate and treat people when needed. it is the only way to stop this madness. Look to the Netherlands
@BilldeBlasio All this money in fighting drugs- WHY? #gettowork
When people with allergies can't afford their epic-pen then cut funding for them! they get paid to go to clinics crazy
One should not effect the other.
Your point? Are those on Medicaid addicted to opioids? Or 'Caid pays for addiction treatment? No coverage thru reg insurance. Clarify tweet.
There are no cuts yet and lives are not being saved, so there goes that theory. #morelies #falsefacts #nicetry
The program is obviously not working, cut it!
Your driving everyone to drugs.  We are all getting frustrated with your stalling tactics. Work together for a change!
NYS has the money now your paying for College tuition.. Set your priorities, Obamas 10trillion debt ate up funds that should have been used.
Possibly clean up the mess of heroin coming through & flooding the streets and stop taking away pain medications others need.
Oh!! So now you are concerned?? Where was your concern in the past couple years??
Right, Chuck people will die and more democrats will go out and shoot republicans because or your rhetoric
Standard treatment facilities only get 3-5% success rates at best. NAD+ clinics average 69%. No FDA control of NAD+@SenSchumer
Some people should not be on medicaid they are scamming the government. Time to clean it up.
now is the time to pay off our 20 trillion $ debt you and your buddies got our country into. Your wealth should be seized
Sorry but 45 is too busy digging his own grave by tweeting like a toddler.  Sooo that will have to wait.
What the heck does the opioids addiction fatality rate have to do with Medicaid! Man, you are clueless!
Indeed. Big Pharma unleashed epidemic, copied by street drugs, and thousands suffering. But #jeffsessions: Crack down on pot! Duh.#marijuana
For some reasons they won't legalize. It can't be money because there would be loads
It makes NO sense when @Potus allows mentally ill, not to get Free Federal #Medicaid 4 help, give'em Guns instead! #FederalMedicaid4ALL
The program was recently expanded and now overdoses jump dramatically. OBVIOUSLY the answer is more expansion to get those numbers way up.
Maybe if we had had tighter border control we wouldn't be facing this epidemic.  On your watch.
Is there anything that you would cut or should we just continue to borrow more money for things that we cannot afford.
Yeah chuck keep funding the druggie enabler program. Why do the people that choose NOT to use drugs have to pay for the losers that DO????
Chucky. Why don't you educate yourself on the problem first. Let's start by cutting your salary for lack of work.
Why don't u & Dimms stop using the low income people & give them some of the $ ur stealing from Taxpayers & Donors to keep ur game alive!!
There u go Clucky, the Dimms never let a tradgedy go to waist!! Why don't u keep the hate rhetoric up & Scaring people & #taking advantage
My money needs to stop funding idiots choosing to be opiod users!  Now IS the time!
What, cut the increase?
Obviously it hasn't helped
Better to cut the drugs!! Idiot! The poor always get health care.
So blame on cuts.  26% inceease during obama administration and now you want to blame it on trump. Hypocrites!
Do u think that only those people on Medicaid have opioid addictions??? Not an insurance issue or a financial status issue, its a drug issue
Very very very true !!  Someone with some sense !! Thank God
Wow Chuck please tell us how those two topics have ANYTHING in common...Duh.
It's clear that as long as you're in office NYS is SOL.
NEVER  CUT MEDICAID  MEDICARE  FOOD STAMPS  WELFARE, SSA, SSI, SSDI,  SSDA  VETERANS  POOR  OLD SICK  DISABLED  BENEFITS
WTH does tax payer funded Medicaid have to do with drug users? Everyone on Medicaid should be drug tested and users kicked off.
They chose that path addiction is a choice
You still going for O-care rather than Medicare for All? Change the pitch, get the seats or you whistle in the wind & we all lose.
No it's time to build a wall and stop drugs from reaching NY !  Duh
Medicaid has NOTHING to do with the Opoid epidemics..
What does overdoses and Medicaid have to do with each other, they should not even be in the same comment unbelievable
Opioid use is directly related to Medicaid. Means the abusers don't have to spend $$ on medical care thus they have extra $$ to buy opioids.
You have been in govt for over 30 years, now all the sudden you care?  This is #GarbagePolitics u r #SelfServing #Obstructionist
Sorry to tell u Chucky, continued Medicaid funding at it current rate is NOT the answer to dealing with a 26% increase in opioid deaths.
How does us spending more of our hard earned tax $ on HC for drug abuse help us!?    It doesn't.
Hey Chuck what has Obama care done to stop the overdose increase? Stop
Not cutting anything just cutting projected increases - facts matter hCuck - stop twisting them - Obamacare destroyed my plan - js
But maybe now IS the time to go after the drug companies for being  more dangerous than street drug dealers! We are fooling ourselves.
Yes it is when they are using entitlements to purchase said drugs!!!
There needs to be a system where the patient's records and diagnosis allows them to be treated properly you have no idea what it feels like
I am chronic pain I've had several neck surgery shoulder and need back and I suffer everyday because I'm not getting treated properly
Mr Schumer. Have we investigated the root cause of where it is coming from. All point to legal prescriptions. Not. Check out the border.
Very misleading statement.  You should move to the GOP.
I have chronic pain from head to toe my meds have been cut in half which is made me on functionable.
They Rose last year in New York because of what happened to dr. Gosy you put 3000 patients out in the street including me
Chuckie you have it backwards, they are getting narcotics because they have medicaid, you should know better.
Chuck Obstruct
Chuck Schumer - The problem is illegal imports of opioids. China,South America are big exporters. They're buying it on the streets.Medicaid?
Wait, isn't Jared handling the opiod crisis?
Maybe you should spend time on this to fix it instead of heckling and disrespecting @POTUS ! I've seen nothing from Dems except resistance!
It is time to look at the role pharmaceutical companies are playing in the opioid crisis. The # of pain clinics & opioid scripts  are way up
Exactly. Ty
less on welfare, food stamps, Medicaid! Sorry for dems voting base lost!
Attempted killings on Republican senators up
So there a problem and only thing that  an fix it is more government spending and control lol.
Now is the time for Dems to get off twitter and get in front of the cameras committing to withholding consent & filibuster by amendment
ARE U LISTENING U ELITIST REPUBLICANS  THERE IS A HEALTH CRISIS IN THE USA! NOW IS NOT THE TIME 2 DARE CUT MEDICARE & ESPEC. MEDICAID!!!
Facts, once again, showing their liberal bias.
Face it Chuck. Your state is full of drug addicts.
Medicaid don't stop drug abuse. Crack down on drug crimes.
More Deaths By Lead than Opioids.. eh Senator
The Drs prescibing medicine need to have patients at random called into the office to produce the balance of the Rx
Get out of politics Schumer. You and your ilk are an embarrassment to the USA. Lose BIG in 2018 n 2020. BIG.
Donate your paycheck
I would love to come to Washington a testify that if welfare recipients were drug tested just like the working class welfare cut in half
You need treatment centers , not more Medicaid.
Then you and your state pay for that.

Keep you paws off other's tax dollars.
Just over 24 hours after the shooting you're back are enraging the loonies with lies Shame on you.
the people are targeted from so many angles with no hope, they're exhausted being scapegoats of the rich: hard finding happiness in life.
stop it its time to get your party in line and stop the violence u lost get over it
#fakenews
I don't understand how Trump claims to be tackling the opioid crisis when he is "cutting state #Medicaid programs that save lives".
Sessions' solution for opiod crisis seems to be to put everyone in jail. Just think of the money to be made!
Fight against behind doors AHCA Disaster!Announce Dems will 
#DENYCONSENT
Here's Sec of Health Tom #Price on addiction treatment (THREAD)
#Price /8 https://tonic.vice.com/en_us/article/medical-doctor-tom-price-recommends-god-as-the-solution-to-the-opioid-crisis …
God? Where was God to begin with? Supreme Being lets a human fail, so He can then 'save' him?
So you want to save the program that provides opioids to stop opiods? I don't know about that doesn't pass the smell test.
I agree.
Yes it is, that has nothing to do with opioid abuse. It may actually help reduce ability to get the opioid.
Thinning of the Hurd!
Well, start working with #POTUS instead of constantly being counter productive.
No now is the time to get tough on drugs But u r soft Support the Presidents stand against drugs It's good 4 the country But maybe not U
SUE THE DRUG COMPANIES THAT PRODUCED OXY!!
FACTS?
Arkansas has a 35.9% obese rate. Now is not the time to close fast food restaurants.
These people need to quit depending on the Goverment! This is NY problem not the government!
Now IS the time to install methods to prevent drugs from entering the US. that means a fence, wall or a deterrent. Man up with @POTUS .
All these years and now you worried about opioid.  BUILD THE WALL
all caused by doctors and drug companies along with politicians allowing it to occur,sadly,we should soon run out of addicts
