I'm urging the Armed Services Cmte members to ask tough questions during his hearing.
We are asking you to resign. Signed, America
You don't speak for America.
Sure I do, you know deep down chuckles is an idiot. But the flag in your picture pretty well sums up your allegiance.
Chuck Schumer is my Senator.  Consider yourself lucky there are people like him in congress.
Wait..you're proud of that buffoon? No way? I thought chuckles fans were mythical like unicorns. I'm going out to find Bigfoot now #nicetalk
Go back under that bridge you crawled out from under.
Seriously? Ur afraid of bunking next to a LGBT? They serve beside of you, they die protecting this country, but they cant bunk next 2 you?
That was a serious question.Im trying 2 figure out why everyones against each other.I respect & appreciate our military. I just dont get it.
You are correct. I have not been there and I cant imagine the stress of battle. Luckily. But thank you for your answers.
Your against anyone the right ever nominates just admit it. You would rather put the country in pearl, than let Trump have his guys
Well everyone he's nominated is crooked or horrible, hateful, against equal rights. So... and it's in peril, not pearl.
Now let me correct you on making statements based on facts. No one was more Crooked that this past president and Hillary that's facts
No Hillary fan here. What facts do have to support the past president being crooked, esp when you don't believe Trump is. Preposterous
Benghazi, lies lies lies about healthcare, spying on Trump Team (unlawful to do on Americans) been established many times. Need I go on.
Congress (not HRC) cut security $ in Benghazi/no one charged, more people covered than ever, Trump and Team under investigation. Try again
Why are you picking on a group that just want peace? Stop being a bully with this group. Come on Chuck!
Post your concerns dude .. you make no sense at all ... half sentences, finish them chuck
I'm concerned about the man masquerading as POTUS. He's violating the Constitution and putting everyone in danger. #Impeach #Remove
And what exactly are those issues?
What are you concerned about chuck ? Do you have a clue ?
Concerned about: EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE ASSOCIATED WITH TRUMP AND THE GOP. Period.
If only you cared about women as well. #Chuckabuseswomen
Well Sen. Schumer, you are our voice and our vote in the Senate. You were hired to represent us so..... Represent.
Working on reelection?
Yep.
NO to Mark Green.
Wow. Trolls R out on this one.
Hillary is a troll!
Thank you for keeping on top of all that is going on - we need the House back, Sen Schumer.
NOPE!
Do not B concerned
Really? That's your big concern with everything going on in the world? #zerocredibility
Let's see Chuckie, do we want a military feared, or fearful?!?! What's your donors say?
Obstructionist as usual
I love you, Chuck, but please stop using the verb "impact" like that.  You sound like a robotic reporter on CNN.  It makes you sound stupid.
Who have you not been concerned with? And who did you stop from getting the job? Answers: everyone and no one. #GoodLuckAmerica
So, in TN it's hard to know what right thing to do is since we're thrilled he's gone from legislature and not running for Governnor
Why is #Trump waging war without going to congress
Why are you so mad at Trump?  You Lib Dems put him in with your lack of leadership FOR AMERICA. Why whine and act like children now?
I would tell you a joke about this but I'm afraid your cousin Amy might steal it.
Of course you're concerned Chucky.  That's the left-wing, partisan, liberal stance to take.  We're not surprised at all bubba
We are more concerned about your parties lack of effort in supporting the country and the president. #sourgrapes #butthurt #youlost
Why don't you go away?
Are you afraid he will have the Army attack the LGBTQ community?  #Confused
The army shouldn't have to worry about LGBT issues to fulfill it's mission.  Only in idiot liberal universe does it need to
96 tears. The same old song and dance Chuck.. Be careful you might rust up like the Tin man.
Espec if 180° is a direct policy change that hurts military in zeal to 'wash away the sin that was Obama.'  @realDonaldTrump Can't do this
Is there anything the Pubs or POTUS does that you are not concerned about?
You claim to be a Christian and conduct interview as opposite. If it's not Biblical,  your double minded.  Ask the Lord 4 a right order.
elections HAVE consequences ! REMEMBER!! Allow Trump's gov't to #MAGA - something you have NO utterstanding OF! STOP your BS!
Please Senator, When will Congress begin impeachment hearings?
Stand up for what is right and true. Vote no
How about working w/Prez Trump to heal our nation instead of working 4 the Party comrade?
I'm betting the LGBTQ community would appreciate it if you wouldn't USE them in your tiresome, nobody is listening to you anymore rhetoric!
So much crap comes out of your mouth, people can smell your breath even before you enter a building.
A vote for this bigot is a vote NY cannot accept.  The answer is a resounding NO
My goodness can't you care about New York State?  We are drowning in taxes with no real jobs.  We are praying for you to look at this
Bad policies only be countered by organising more & more as new Chairman emphasised in convention.2017 be year of organising
Chuck give it up, your to old to be going through a midlife crises. It's time you retire
Warfighting not social engineering putz
Is every damn day of our lives going to be a fight against these people?? What the FK has happened to AMERICA?? 87 days ago..it wasn't shit
Yes, because that is what keeps me up at night, the Army view of the LGBTQ community
Then you and the democrats in the Senate should act fast!
Ur the only one.
Of course you are Schumer, throwing obstacles in the road every chance someone can think of...cause and effect is strict.  Exhausted. Stop
It won't matter. He will be confirmed. It doesn't really matter whether he's eligible for the position. Betsy Devos sound familiae
We know Senator, we know. Blah blah blah
You never served Chuck. You must cry about something. LBGT is less  than one percent of population. You make it politically correct nonsense
Go stand in the corner Chuckie
This is a no vote. Not fit for the current Army.
@SMacMillanMD agree!
Since day 1 that's all we have been is concerned about nominees. Some how he finds a way of getting them appointed TRY HARDER to stop him.
Just leave already Chuckles. I'm tired of your obstruction.
Dude. Are you still around. Shut up.
US army in business of protecting  the nation not protecting gay rights
Uncle Chucky the LGBT community means nothing to normal folk. You just don't get, do you?  #wakeupamerica
Why R U concerned? U weren't concerned AT ALL when OBAMA & HRC were selling 20% of the USA's Uranium to Russia!  #obstructionist #THEPROBLEM
Trump would have sold 50% of the U.S. Uranium to Russia. But it was really no big deal if you know anything about science. But you a
Sex is not a political agenda. Besides after the first incoming round it doesn't matter. Equal rights for all. Means they're not different.
@seanhannity @SenSchumer of course you're concerned, wouldn't expect anything else out of your pie hole.Golly,I suppose you want Gomer Pyle!
Who haven't you had problems with Chuck??? You caused the Nuclear Option--you are a complete Hypocrite--Quit the biased bitching and LEAD!!!
Chuck, you believe in Islam, and Muslim law, so don't pretend you believe in LGBTQ!
WE WILL NOT STAND FOR HATRED OF ANY KIND ANY LONGER !

#RESISTANCE
Shut up, stop obstructing. The American people spoke Nov 8.  #GetOverIt. #GarbagePolitics
Chuckie the obstructionist speaks
STOP IT! WE ARE ALL AMERICANS START ACTING LIKE ONE. ENOUGH IS ENOUGH. GET THIS GOVERNMENT RUNNING OR LEAVE YOUR JOB.
I accept him being an Army Veteran any thing you say to undermine #POTUS I'm against you #MAGA
Shocker, You have concerns about nominees from @realDonaldTrump? Are you also gonna start crying and yell at an old lady while she's eating?

Send the mental cases to a professional
You only concerned about Chucky .. your to transparent chuckles
I'm more concerned he's qualified to protect this nation. He is? Oh... CONFIRM!
Yes, you want fly over American future support?  Not the Midwest!   Only Chicago shares Dem minority views.  Reps for next 5 generations!
Every cabinet member is frightening.  Why isn't anyone investigating DeVos????
Afraid that your opposition to absolutely everything Trump and Reps do has diluted your message. You cried wolf too many times.
Slow day Chuck, Russian narrative not working so you are trying to stir up new crap! Calm down the rhetoric it's getting ridiculous!
Given the current issues of the day if this is your priority chuckles you need to fire your twitter boy
them? Where did you get your personal information from? Someone help you get information? Wow maybe you should be checked into and the rest
What, the race card wasn't available?
I'm more concerned about @TomPerez schlepping across America with @SenSanders..GET it together Dems or lose ME & my R hubby turned Dem!
LGPBTQ community already have their own issues.
You are just going down Obama list of cabinet people how do you start? last name? or the letter of the first name? Do you have information
Why don't you stop your back stabbing of America and help to run the gov. In a positive way!
we're concerned about fake crying Schumer.
Need some cheese
When will you STOP being such as an obstructionist. Time to start working for rhe American citizens!!. One NUCLEAR option at the time. Sad.
Chuck you would be concerned about your own relatives if President Trump were to nominate them
Chuck you have been concerned about all nominees. Nothing but partisan politics.
OH just shut up Schumer
I'm concerned with the obsession you have with the LGBTQ community. Particularly your history with the human community. Are we all in a box?
Not the least bit concerned. A solid man. The US Army has found a true leader after an 8 years void in direction. Go Army!
He seems to fit Trumps backtracking agenda undermining LGBT rights!  Harvey Milk would be shuddering with disbelief!
Many comments are insulting to the brave LGBTQ men and women who serve out country. Very sad.
Then get upset with the liberals who made it an issue
Some of the comments illustrate the validity of your concern :(
I want you to tweet what you do all day. I think you don't do shit expect wait until the day is over and tweet criticism!
Thank you.
You are only concerned about pleasing your base.....you are the most UN-AMERICAN dick in the Senate...and crazier than Pelosi to boot
Since Hillary was not charged and jailed, don't hold your breath for Trump to be. She was the most corrupt candidate we've ever had.
Right bc the army has to be a social experiment 
It's not about the lgbtq community chuck, would be nice if you had dirt on the clintons, we wouldn't have to read your stupid tweets!!
Who cares about this?
Chuckie has to keep the Dems in the news somehow
It's the Army, clown Schumer not the lbgq army.
Until trump is removed from the WH and put in jail, I don't believe anybody in Washington is concerned about much.
Never gonna happen!
there is no problem chuck, LGBDKTICNENDNDNEBD community doesn't give a hoot about the Army
I agree. Just wanted to suggest you abbreviate instead of using all those letters. I've switched to BLT. Easy to remember
Chuck, I always thought LGBTQ was like a bacon, lettuce, and tomato sandwich with mayo.
Like fake news, yours is fake concern.
He is AWFUL. Several issues prove he has no business leading men & women of the Army. I don't want him in TN, but REALLY don't want in DC!
If #Democrats care so much about #LGBTQ perverts, why do they support #Muslims who kill gays? #hypocrites #MAGA #AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain
Geeh Senator - you complain about every Trump nominee. That's not leadership - that's whining and acting like a 5 yr old. Sickening!
Obstructionist.  How's Justice Gorsuch working out for you.
Of course you are Chucky, how about you pick your battles! You're getting way too predictable and frankly looking quite foolish.....
Chuckie. I hope his confirmation doesn't bring you to tears
Army Sec and your first thought is not about military ideals? Chuck you are losing it.
Yeah, because that's the most important consideration when picking the secretary of the army 
So much shame in this administration and their idiot party keep nominating and confirming these bigots!
Bigots?! How so?
I call, I vote, I email, I've visited offices, many protests, do all the same. What will it take before they listen? What next? Tell us! 2/2
How the hell do you keep getting elected? Our military needs to protect us, not provide "safe spaces" so your voters' feelings aren't hurt.
When are you going to pack it up and move to an elderly compound in Fla?
Maybe he can stay at Mar-a-lago with the elderly man who never seems to be at the white house
That's fine, as long as he's retired.
LGBTQ Comm?, what you liberals going to come up with next, heterosexual comms? Gay is the way they CHOOSE to live their life, not a comm!!!
We are concerned about all your lies and fake propaganda! You should be charged for all your actions that have caused so much turmoil. YPOS
I don't give a crap. What does he think about a strong Army? You know...his JOB? Idiot.
Chucky.allways concerned about republicans never about our country or rice
I'm so tired of these sick people. Can't you stop them from hurting Americans. We've been screaming our heads off, they don't care. 1/2
You have problems with anyone not s**k**g your penis.
Get to work Chucky.
I've given up that the Dems can do anything after Devos and Gorsuch.  Fighting, marching and to what avail?  Just noise with no volume
That's because they were voted out of power. We are all sick of liberal war on sanity
I think people are just sick of politicians in general.  Political fatigue
Chuck you couldn't lick the crappie of the bottom of his boots! !!!!!!
Why do you and the other Dems keep wasting your time, you can't figure out 52-48? What is wrong
omg here we go again stop worrying about peter puffers and start doing your job.  Calling everyone names don't work anymore
Concerned about your inability to support our President.....#SOURGRAPES
Concerned about your inability to recognize your President is incompetent. #notmypresident
Apparently competent enough to become our President and beat the corrupt Democratic Party. The same corrupt party who toppled Bernie.
We're concerned about pretty much every nominee pick, not to mention the supposed leader in The White House.
Chuck,Right now U have as much power as me,None! No thanks 2 #Hillary & the #DNC who cheated #Bernie & gave us #Trump! #BernieWouldAWon!
Salem enjoyed Witch Hunts, Drumpf plans more on Queer Hunts, he lied to protect the LGBT holding the rainbow flag
I hope #People realize that #Trump is all Hat,no Cattle! He is #BS!
Are those tears building up?
Do the Dems really have to oppose every nomination?
