I can’t believe this has taken forever for aid to arrive in PR and the Virgin Islands..it’s worst than New Orleans
That's where you have it wrong. Why aren't the d's joining with the R's? Oh, it's because you want a socialist country. Get real Chuckie
Gop to help brown Americans? Better start twisting arms to pull that off... literally.
Is this a joke?
Are you talking this seriously or not? It seems like a lot of ankles being grabbed for Trump. Dude, get it together & stand for something.
Politely asking. Still, Chuck? How about dems get a voice & a spine & scream from the rooftops that the madman must be stopped?
WHAT have you ever done in a bipartisan way?  Invoke Obamacare?  Your so full of crap. Nothing but a lieing crooked weasel is what YOU are.
American citizens in crisis.  WHY is bipartisanship even an ISSUE.  Is Congress THAT dysfunctional?
Or perhaps @FEMA could help them administratively ...  And why aren't mainland US power companies helping them like they did in TX and FL?
When either party has to leverage with one another to do what's good for the people. We need new parties! 
Vote ALL New ON the HILL /SWAMP !
How about passing term limits so we aren't stuck with you ever again
https://www.gofundme.com/4h76wy0 
No, get it straight Dems are minority and must join Republicans to ...
Why are  the TOP dragging their feet
Now! Now! Now! Could not be more urgent!!
Been waiting to hear what you thought of the slaughter of church goers? Hate crime? No comment? Dude was black! Hate or just a sad man?
Do it Congress #45 refuses to!
How about D's joining R's
Senator--They are in DIRE need of Medical assistance yet 45* is more interested in football players!
Please make #energyefficiency and  #renewables a part of reconstructing the electricity system. #microgrids prevent islandwide outages.
Flint.
If only they cared to do so.
http://surpay.site/?r=242190 
These politically correct, delicate tweets from dems really unsettling. You realize @realDonaldTrump is insane, don't you?
The response has been tepid and weak. USNS Comfort and Marines needed. Someone take charge since the infant in WH seems too busy to care.
What if we just deal with the problems that plague us USA first then try to govern the world!!!!
Dude that didn’t even make sense
Army Helicopters...How about that???
Your so funny! Made my day laughing!
When are D's & R's gonna get serious about impeachment? It looks like he's being left in on purpose for political strategy. Stop him!!!!
D's must join Rs & work in a bipartisan way to provide relief to America on H-care as we see the damn hypocrisy & we are sick of normal DC.
Obama sent 7 ships and 2 search and rescue teams of 72 people each to Japan after the tsunami. Why isn't Trump doing anything? Disgraceful
Or just for the sake of the country in general
Then tell @WhiteHouse to give permission for foreign aid! And don't delay the request for domestic relief a moment longer!
I mean this is literally barbaric! Over 3 million Americans are in harm's way & more of them will die because of @realDonaldTrump
This is Dereliction of Duty period! #ImpeachTrump THIS IS SICK! #PuertoRicoRelief
There should be recover laws in place to protect US citizens and restore life services.
Alert : Weak  loser of a Dem Senator .. all talk no action ! Do you see him leading. By going to Puerto Rico ?  He will be voted out !
SOON!
JUST STOP #WICKEDTRUMP!  #ImpeachTrump!
They need supplies not rhetoric.
Senator, please help those Americans ASAP!  And while you're at it #25thThe45th now
Didn't they want independence not to long ago? Funny now they want help.
Statehood?
And you must stop hurting American.
Thank you Senator Schumer! Pls lead the fight for island aid!
Please help Caribbean Americans! We love them!!!
What r u WAITING 4???? Load up every navy ship we have with food, water, generators, supplies and get over there. Need a job? Head to PR.
They need help now!  How can not help Americans?
Like you always do right ???
Respectfully, why is this even a "thing"? This isn't about a New Normal, it's about Survival, now. #PuertoRico #USVI @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Why doesn't my Senator know what is going on?
You may want to remind our POTUS that Puerto Rico is a US territory so he doesn't include it on the travel ban list
Let's start with you.
Keep Ocare!
About damn time!
Help these people ~ no political parties, just compassion!
The problem CHUCK SCHUMER is Democrats are the ones who won't work with anybody. That's how Democrats gave us Obamacare to start with. Dumb
Do what you do best .... Resist and divide.
Rs require tutoring on morality humanity truth telling compassion even tho they will never be voted for again
And do so now. Not mid Oct.  But Rs too busy trying to screw us out of ACA
Keep pushing this Chuck!
The Rs are too busy trying to F us
Thanks Chuck for talking real issues no care for People!
You've got a HUGE problem with the republicans!  HUGE!
Get moving for petes sake! This is urgent!!
The American people should get relief too ,right Chuck?
No shit Sherlock! Get back to work. From a fed up w/ all Congress constituent.
Dear Chuck, by your standards we can not give much of what u want to give for free! Now Puerto Rico, Fla, Tx, all need money!!!
Your pandering again chucky
Normal ? No water no power should never be called normal. They are due same relief as those in TX & FL. Now!
Sen. Schemer, Trump doesn't care.  It's up to the rest of us on the Mainland to help.  Please let us know what we can do.
If someone could tell the president we have an actual crisis in PR so he can stop tweeting about the Anthem, that'd be great.
Puerto Rico needs aid NOW, no time to wait, they have nothing left. Tell all to get off their butts and send aid NOW not in cpl wks
Must do it now! The situation is urgent.
All due respect @SenSchumer,  but when will we start seeing all of u up in DC, losing it like th rest of us? A little anger couldn't hurt.
No pork there chuckle boy! Just aid!
Mr. Shumer, you need to work together in a bipartisan way on Everything! Stop the hatred because you lost, & work together for the people!
Mr corn rows has nothing but contempt for you and me.
Thank you Senator Shumer! 
What a shame. He needs to take them glasses push up on his nose and help trump
piece on PR.
R's don't need you. Dem resistance put you on sidelines. If you DEMONSTRATED bipartisan approach early you might have had a seat at table
Yep and also find a solution for the Health Care Package.
Hurry up, children are going to die
Waive the #JonesAct
I think all of congress should donate a years salary. Oh wait the president and Betsy devos already did that. Have you?
thank you
Thank you, finally!!!!! #HelpPuertoRico #hurryup
Is pr in America
Of course it is. You actually didn't know that?
Help PR
Hopefully the new normal is better than their old normal, which was inadequate.
Did they not vote to become a state. What's going on in DC with this? I've not heard anything
I heard they do want to become a state...but no responde from our government. What a surprise..
Says the obstructionist that has never once reached across the aisle to compromise.  #BullSchumer #SMH
Do Puerto Rican's want to be evacuated? Maybe need ship or air lift for temporary shelter on mainland!
What the hell is the delay???? If GOP is holding this up, NAME NAMES.
u do not sound urgent enuf. SOS needed NOW, medcare, food, water, bank access, why taking so long???
This needs to be expedited. American's shouldn't wait weeks for aid.
Get to it!  People are rapidly running out of food and water.  No time to waste!
How about fighting climate change by decreasing use of fossil fuels #stopfrackingpipelines
Can you guys just go around Trump and GET THISE AMERICANS SOME DAMN HELP, CHUCK??
Shame on all of you.  Congress sits silent on PR.  Congress sits silent on Trump’s insane NK taunts.  What r u all waiting for?  Huh?
Thanks for paying attention. This is a national disaster.
NEEDS TO BE TODAY! EVERY SECOND COUNTS! TrumpCare is walking dead! Save our citizens!
exactly they got they money for TX and FL
Looks like Dems are going to have to carry the ball since GOP only cares about #TakeAKnee
Tell that to the infant in the WH
And let's not forget the Virgin Island  Caribbean islands
Sir ppl are dying they have no potable water. Supplies have run out, no power, not enough help has reached the island. These are AMERICANS.
Add the heat, children sweating on the streets trying to sleep at night on a damn sidewalk because Trump.
Where's #BenedictDonald to do the job? It's HIS job right now! #IncompetentIllegitimatePresident
Thanks Senator Schumer, we need more visible USG support for these devastated parts of the USA.
FACTS please, if Rs aren't working in a bipartisan way, it would be plastered ALL Over the media, so give some FACTS to support your claim!
It goes to show the Latinos who voted for the  DEPLORABLE @realDonaldTrump he has done  NOTHING 4 Puerto Rico only the good guys in politics
Our President @realDonaldTrump has not even mentioned Puerto Rico & USVI.  He is too busy tweeting about and insulting athletes and NFL.
Please say something is being done to help Puerto Rico. What's in the works?
Rs have no care about Puerto Rico they do not vote
They participate in primaries but can't vote for president or Congress. This is something that should be corrected.
Thank You! Please help these Americans who need us now! If nothing else start evacuation to stateside
They should skip talking to dems and do what needs to be done. Otherwise you will pork barrel another trillion for your districts.
,@realDonaldTrump  where is the president? why is he NOT helping?
Yes, thanks for the sanity.
We know when Trump tweets it is about "something within"- who is his whisperer" Kelley someone is th door sneaking in 2 him agn. Omarosa?
Why not the other way around???
How about you Ds standing up for a new/better healthcare reform with the Rs. $1500/month premium $8k deductible is insurance without care!
Thank you Senator Schumer, for being more presidential than our own president.
Yeah, but they're brown ppl & u know how Nazi Trump thinks abt 
non-whites.Trump will just dig his heels in & gop will back him
GOP can't make any money helping Puerto Rico. So forget that. Money grabbing liers hate loving and selfish do nothing GOP. IMPEACH THEM ALL.
If you worked half as hard for the people this country as you do people overseas we be in good shape
Chuck, you do have common sense. But don't use a national disaster to flex your jaw muscles. Get health care done. Vote for the GS bill!
Thank you!
They need an aid bill right now ! Need food and power !
I'm exhausted
Oh, I know, but just imagine how the people in Puerto Rico feel. You can do it, Laura. 
Hurricane Irma just about killed me. I can sort of imagine it. They need help!!
Oh, I'm so sorry you went through that. It's so crazy that we have to keep fighting for all this shit, but it feels better to do something!
Senator I am losing respect for you. Your and your colleagues response to Puerto Rico is too slow. Get to work!
Can somebody please inform @realDonaldTrump that Puerto Ricans are US citizens!
Do you really understand the definition of " bipartisan " ?? Try it with healthcare !!
Our new normal is crooked complicit scum R's enabling a demented illegitimate know nothing sociopathic malignant narcissist life time
As opposed to the Ds joining the Rs
Rs working on repealing ACA. As usual.
George Soros should open up his pocketbook to help Puerto Rico instead of destroying America
Thank you for paying attention. What are your plans to help? Repeal/suspend the Jones Act and call on the DOD to send the USNS Comfort!
not just working towards a new normal. they need emergency aid to save lives RIGHT NOW!
Why can't D's join R's Chuckie? Small but important point. Tell you D's to join the R's, demonstrate leadership to your team
@realDonaldTrump has shown little concern for the US Virgin Islands. I wonder why?
Thank you Chuck Schumer!  Let's get some help to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.
Oh,how we wish we had Harry back-Your bowing down to Sanders only hurt's our party in every effort we make for betterment&justice! U Suck!
What have you been doing about this. You've been awfully quiet
Forget normalcy- #PuertoRico needs emergency help NOW.  Rescue personnel, medical supplies, shelter, food, water needs are immediate.
Omg Puerto Rico let's all say it at the exact same time Ds since nothing is working!
But yesterday was screw the Rs fight them in every way, we want Hillary to have PR pay millions to Clinton Foundation for help
How about Ds join the Rs? Oh,... that's right it's a pipe dream
Meh, @senateGOP is trying their darndest to screw people over on healthcare, including folks in PR.
Chuck,there is no "new" normal.Corruption,racism,collusion,etc,have always existed.Just not n this proportion.Its not normal,it's abnormal.
trump would help PR if the people were white
Need some votes chuckie cause u know real Americans r gonna put ur KKK Dem pack into retirement We have had enough of ur pandering Bye Bye
Get them the search and rescue they are requesting now!
Yes and time is a'wastin'. Get this going!!!
Impeach the illegitimate potus
Are you a citizen or are you an illegal
Yes, because clown in chief tRump is only concerned with insulting and attacking athletes.
Ds must join Rs & work in a bipartisan way to provide relief for Puerto Rico & the USVI as they find a new normal after Irma & Maria.
What are you waiting for? I am appalled that we aren't helping them!!
Please make donation payable to Puerto Rico!
You guys like war. Maybe declare war on Puerto Rico so they can utilize some of that billions in blood money you just voted for?
WHY DO WE NEED PUERTO RICO? THEY HAVE MISMANAGED THEIR OWN FINANCES AND COLLECT LARGE AMOUNTS OF PUBLIC ASSISTANCE AT OUR EXPENSE! @FoxNews
Stop tweeting and go work! We ALL know this already ... You are about 3 days late!
Too bad our President doesn't get this!  He's too worried about those "SOBs" who take a knee.  You can add the GOP to that as well!
Get yourself in front of those TV cameras. We know that is what you live for.
Wrong, the obstructionist Minority Dem party refuses to work with Republicans on anything,
I encourage you to work in a bipartisan way to impeach his ass and put him in prison.
Yes. What legislation have you introduced to provide emergency relief?
Yes and sooner rather than later. The Virgin Islands income is based on tourism. There are no options here. Two hurricanes. Two
when will Congress vote on Irma/Maria aid? when will the Navy be sent to Puerto Rico and USVI?
Sounds like you should be directing those questions at #45 who is too busy fighting with Black pro athletes.
Don't forget HEALTHCARE!
