Incr. the ind. & couples tax ded's & child tax deduct.  Break for corps will incr. jobs & brings back offshore $$, but create ur narrative
U understand chain reaction? Consumers make the economy  if ppl don't have  2 spend there will be no need 4 those offshore companies back
The offshore money coming back required part of the plan.  I'm not defending or condemning plan I just want the entire story out there.
It's not offshore  OMG no way that's  where the rich hide their .
It's not all hidden, tons of rich folks bank in Ireland.  Rate is only 12.5% vs. ours at 39.5%
Trump thinks he can bring those companies to come back into US with tax relief. There no guarantee those companies will return.
27% savings is really a huge incentive for the legal money, so it will help. Nothing in politics is guaranteed, lol 
How many years have this same formula been proven to fail?
Even GOP tax "reform" doesn't need 280
characters
It is greed o people.I agree. Both parties are guilty!But President Trump is trying hard to give the govt back to "of,by,andfor the people.
He doesn't give two fucks about anybody but himself and you know it. Zero ideology. Don't go and choke on that Kool Aid now!
Finally, no more ideology, doing the right thing for the American people!  No more Death Tax!  No more AMT bs too! MAGA  !!
What Republicans refer to as the "death tax" only affects about 0.2% of all estates -- and only those worth more than $5.5 million.
Assuming your argument is true, which it isn't then good. Any percentage is welcomed from big brother taking $$ from the people who work it.
This makes no sense; a confusing contradiction. What are you trying to say other than propaganda?
There is no propaganda except from Big Brother and its socialist satellites and culties.
you know that's not true Senator- you know the doubling of the standard deduction plus bigger childcare credit helps middle class
It also eliminates personal exemptions, worth $4,050 per person. Figure that out for a family of 4
Trump voters are too stupid to realize this, also taking away head of household status which is a $9300 standard ded. + exemp for 3 is 12150
total $21450 and they want to ONLY give $12,000 (double standard deduction) for single & ELIMINATE all exemptions for yourself & kids!
this is a LOSS of $9450 in deductions for not being able to use exemptions for yourself & kids AND eliminating head of household status!!
The president doesn't even know what's in this tax bill. He reads nothing just shoots from his mouth
Wrong Senator. I'm middle class & it will benefit me greatly. Your HATE SPEECH is exhausting. OMG HELP US, PLEASE @POTUS
What do you define as "wealthiest"?  Devil is in the details.
Expected this from Lying GOP. Their "tax reform" plan is simply tax cuts for the wealthy.
No, the people will get this money. It will move from D.C. TO us. It is the Dems that don't want tax reform because of their corruption!
People will get this money at the same time ACA is repealed, a border wall (not a fence) is built & Muslim ban is deemed constitutional
@POTUS @VP @GOP  What the HELL? No seriously, WHAT THE HELL!?!!!  You are supposed to work FOR THE PEOPLE for GOD'S sake!!!
And, @POTUS @VP @GOP If you aren't there to make American lives BETTER.  STAY HOME.
And, @SenSchumer, THANK YOU for your hard work for AMERICANS.  THANK YOU SIR!!!
What? He is the evil one. Trump has already done a lot to make our lives better. The truth shall set you free. Swallow the red pill. Educate
Schumer or DNC IS PROBABLY paying these people to write these tweets. Total propaganda and brainwashers
Like your opinion is balanced
Hey Schumer, under socialism what would YOUR tax rate look like 75% even Russia has a flat tax. MOVE to Argentina it fits you.
Sen Schumer, Dems all over the country need to start talking to people in every town & every state right now! Explain this in simple terms
Lier read it before you trash it your an instigator.
This is a lie, just stop already.  All you ever do is lie.
Those of us in the MIDDLE *INCREASE*  5% 
Awesome, ill save :-) thanks for this chart
Not true, the standard deduction goes to 12,000 single and 24,000 joint.  You have to take that off the top of earnings.
Keeps me in the same zone still
You'll still have mortgage deductions and charitable donations.  And, if you have an HSA or 401k you can put pretax dollars into that.
YOU are forgetting one other IMPORTANT ded. that they are taking away.. EXEMPTIONS for yourself & any children you might have at $4050 each!
i dont believe u chuck
REMEMBER   DEMOCRATS WANTED A TAX HIKE FOR MIDDLE CLASS-THE FAIREST FOR ALL IS FLAT-10% TAX-WE THAT GOT HURT! FROM FDA/BAD DRUGS SHOULD GET!
no it will go down to 20% because every business will suddenly be a pass-thru entity
Chuck stop the lies!
You are true to you sick base. Resistance is the only thing you know. So much for true leadership which you will never be.
that is 100% false Schumer
Chuck your lies are not going to stop @realDonaldTrump tax reform get on board or go AWAY! We no longer believe your message!
The rich pay 87% of the income taxes Chuck, how many more centuries will you fail to state this fact?
What percentage of tax have you been paying @SenSchumer
You are a jerk - also exempts more people at lower income level from even paying - speak the truth not just negative Dem talking points!
FairTax, FairTax, FairTax

Ok do the math and you are wrong.
Liar
They put us all in HELL!
Stop !!
You  misinform the people 
Time to tell the truth ! 
Small business need help.
The people want 1 single page tax form
LIAR
FRAUD
That's a lie Chuck Schumer
Don't try your evil and divisive messages. Why punish people who worked so hard t2make $$? @DNC @khloekardashian @CNN @GOP @ddlovato @AP
So that means mlddle class and low income get kicked in the butt once again
Explain to avg Americans why Joe Robbie stadium is no longer J Robbie stadium
You lie at every turn, even liberal Brking's Instit calls out the death tax https://www.brookings.edu/research/rethinking-the-estate-and-gift-tax/ …. Who paid higher tax rate, Bernie Trump?
Even dumps in the worst part of the suburbs have RE taxes in excess of $5-10K in NY. Ending the RE deduction will kill NYS middle class
False
You are a no good Democratic and you know it
LIAR!!!!
For economic illiterate fools like Schumer, it doesn't matter that high corporate tax rates discourage jobs, growth and investment.
With the increase in non-taxed income, the people that were taxed at 10% will actually be in better shape.  Not as much as the companies got
Chuck, how much do you donate?  You always can be the second politician to donate their salary, oh crap, the first is President Trump! Lol
As I said earlier: you are either intentionally misleading people or just dumb. It DOUBLES the standard deduction Therefore less taxes paid
Not remotely true.
Standard deduction for a single person would go from $6300 to $12,600, that's double and for married $12,700 to $24,000 Remotely true
How’s it help a family with three kids?
Well the child tax credit would go from $1500 to $3000. Sounds helpful to me.
Where does it say it goes up?
Lying again
That is just not true America do not even believe a single word the leader of the KKK racist party dems continue 2 keep am blacks in slavery
This is a blatant lie. He is afraid of losing tax money that he pockets.
chuck schumer is in bed with the wall street dirt bags and loves too tax everyone from lower class n middle class higher...
Liar
Straight lie. You democrats are all liars.
They say "the rich" as if it's not them. 'They' make over 100k a year. So I'm supposed to believe they want to TAX themselves to death.
Chuck why don't you read the bill and stop spreading false info
Greed
Middle class cuts, stop lying! 35% instead of 39.6%  in federal taxes is fair! These are near retirement workers who have worked 40 years!
Helpful to know the experts consulted in drafting this bill. Need to understand the realistic impact to the economy.

So someone making $500k would pay $125k in taxes and save about $2k. And someone making $13K would pay 0. And still get SNAP. #TaxReform
Can you please start prosecuting this!  Here is the proof.
Dear Chuck, if you think $416K are rich, then how can you afford a multi million dollar mansion?  PS that is when 39.6% kicks in.

Chuck throwing middle class off the cliff so he can continue class warfare against rich. Chuck to middle class "let em eat cake." Excellent
The middle/lower classes have never had their lives significantly improved because the wealthy have received a tax break! Period. Full Stop.
NONSENSE.  So the all important CBO score no longer applies? Hypocrit! If personal deductions double, don't your poor dims save in taxes?
You have us taxed so high with no loop holes like you left for your big rich friends average person can't use only rich can
You@chuck Schumer are a disgrace!!and a liar!!
Narrow minded view. I am embarrassed that you are my senator. So many benefits for the lower and middle class you're choosing to ignore.
Yep.  That's what happened.  Keep digging something will stick to anger your base more.  Besides your base doesn't pay taxes they on welfare
I read it and it helps the middle class immensely. Not to mention the upper level, after taking out all the deductions, they end up higher.
All taxation is theft.
So now you care about the middle class??? The same people suffering under Obamacare???
Really what is the percent the rest will pay stop lying already
Give hard working Americans a raise... get your head out of your butt!!
LIES!!!
think before you speak
thank you
You are a dishonest, partisan hack.  The basis for this plan was done in consult with GOP and Dem input and support.  Stop lying!
Which one of those are you again?
Tired of same ole mantra from left & Chuckie re tax breaks for the rich. Yawn. No one listens to their lies anymore (unless you're a moron).
The top 2% already pay 50% taxes. The bottom 50% pay 0%. Is that the ones your talking about having a increase by way of losing tax credit
The tax reform they want it will never happen without the break they would have got from killing #ACA affordable care act. There's no offset
I believe whay you're referring to is Obamacare being paid for by not renewing the Bush tax cut in incomes under $118k per year.
UNDER SCHUMER PELOSI AND OBAMA, THE MIDDLE CLASS GOT KILLED - THEY HAVE #NOPLAN FOR #TAXREFORM   SUPPORT @POTUS NOW.
Chuckie you let criminal Obama almost destroy this country and jobs! Why are you so concerned now?? Just shut up!!!!
Don’t you mean; lowest brackets refunds will be less. Should never get back more then you pay in. Taking other people’s money. The dem way
Not true Chuckie! Tax reform will help all especially middle class! Why are you so concerned about the middle class now?
They never pay the 39.6% don't lie to ppl Chuck. at 35% with fewer loopholes, and a simple set of rules, it is better, I am not snap judging
U sure got a big mouth for someone who stayed quiet while obama tried to destroy America.....for 8 years....why not do that again.

You left out the facts to back up your claim. What are the old and new rates for people "working to make it to the middle class"?

Waiting.
@SenCoryGardner you're f*cking liar Cory and you know it.
and yet you failed to repeal bush tax cuts
Bull shit that's what you always say heard his speech today not true. You just want new world order.
Nice try Chucky, except that the standard deduction will be doubling so they will also be paying less
Up, tax the fuck out of the guy you want a job with. What is the matter with you.
Plain & simple Well get to work then!!!!!!
Remember the people he selling that to is poorly educated. I will keep it simple, Rich50%MC30%LMC20%Poor0% and no damn sales tax anywhere!
Seems like you didn't listen to Pres. not what he said. Not plain & simple. Rich lose deductions. Poor get DOUBLE deductions. Better. Read
Not what it reads, the wealthiest will pay another rate above the 35%
How so senator you gave % for upper what is percentage on lower and middle class? Don't mislead people be factual.
U had 8 years with obama and you guys didn't do shit!!! Now you wanna complain!! Schmucks.  All of you!!
@SenSchumer Let’s recognize this plan is in favor of your voting base-takes those paying 10% to 0%. Get on board. #MAGA
Tell the whole story Chuck. All u do is be negative!  Everyone gets cuts and top rate goes back to Bush days. Nothing wrong with that
Sorry Chucky!That's the Dems plans!Use middle class as Ur personalATMs!No more!We're severing ties with entrenched liars!VOTE OUT GOV IDIOTS
Why is Congress not holding our president accountable for violation of code of conduct @ AL Rally using the "b" word in front of children?
Once again, you lie and spin the facts Chucky. Wealthy surcharge? Double deduction for poor? Get the REAL facts cupcake
Not true at all, whatsoever. Stop lying about your president.
This is no good for middle class
What difference does it make if #DINOs or #RINOs are in charge? NADA, the rich will always get richer, and the poor get poorer.

#TaxReform
Oh stop Schumer with your obstructionist and get to work on the tax reform!  Pathetic on your constant negativism !
If these people and corps got more money, they could pass that on to employees but let's not do that.  Lets keep the corp tax high lose jobs
What a surprise!   Now you’re against this too.   Plain & Simple:   You’re full of shit!
The wealthiest of the wealthy already pay less in capital gains tax than the working poor pay in INCOME tax.
Like these honest civil servants you mean?Net worth in the millionsSuch honest group of #democrats huh#Azerbaijan #LGBTQ #TaxReform
How ?
Chuck doesn't want this to pass because he knows it's good for the country. Once the swing states see the progress they won't be voting Dem.
Enough Democrat BS. Dems had 8 years to improve the middle class & inner cities but instead you ruined it all. Dems are Limousine Liberals!
Please do not consider tax reform when we haven't seen tRumps taxes.
What is your solution. What we have NOW is CRAP. POOR STAY POOR, MIDDLE CLASS BECOME POOR AND RICH GET RICHER. Schumer tell them the TRUTH.
Have any of you "Bind Followers" seen their proposal. 
From what I have read, Chuck is "spinning" his reply. Rates on top 1% go up!
Heartbreaking in the extreme - the injustice of this proposal
Why you lyin' cryin' Schumer?
Not sure you have seen plan.  Those living on Investment proceeds only pay ½ of what wage earners will pay. W/o better opposition we lose.
You are already LYING about this?  Why are you against America?
Class warfare for the last 50 years has got to stop!!

Chuck likely hasn't even read the plan! Most democrats bash without even reading the info!
And the estate tax elimination
Oy.  My senator is always so predictable with divisive rhetoric.
Can u please explain how? With facts, not rhetoric and fancy talking points
Libtard spin. If you lower the rate and eliminate certain deductions, the wealthiest will pay more. Schumer is such a simpleton.
No middle are lowered to 14 and 25. 1% to go higher.
ALL YOU Dems should be up in arms on impeachment!!!!!!  You're all allowing a lunatic to destroy our country!!!!
You are on drugs sir.
Schmuckie, the poor don't pay income taxes, can't give them a cut. #PoliticalHack #LIAR
Depends on definition of poor. And let me introduce you to the earned income credit. Interested to see all changes to be proposed.
Standard deduction increased 12K or 24K. Those poor currently sitting at 10% are making less than 10K. Income brackets still undefined... 
STOP OBSTRUCTING Chuck!!
There is a difference between CORPORATE tax rates snd the so-called 1%you quoted the corporate projection
What about the Single middle class??
By how much?  Put real numbers after deductions....u can't tolerate a GOP positive, so u make up things to bash on
20 percent bracket for most Americans, double your standard deductible, increased child tax credit and this puts money in all Americans pock
Again, there's talk of potential 4th bracket of 39.6% for the 1% top-earners. See what they do, & then whine about income inequality.
That is simply not true. You are a pandering liar and you know it.  #StupidOrLiar #TaxReform
Just read the proposal, it's spelled out clearly. 
Chuck knows it, he just toes the party line. He's a liar.
1/ Too dense or lazy to read it? Typical Left response. Will not read anything, will not get educated, just blindly toe the party line.
As the @GOP drape themselves in the flag they will give the rich a tax cut and turn middle class into the poor!! /power/greed the gop way!
Senator, your resist ideas are bad for the country
Is this the only false narrative you lefties can parrot? It's getting old...and more and more are seeing it. 
Crying "Clownboy" Chuck say this, but it isn't true.
Justwatch the libtards like schumer try to "blame"trump for reducingtaxesso Dems can protecttheir secretcorruption. It's called distraction.
Less income for the government...larger deficit...larger debt.
@GOP is so wrong.
How about the Increased standard deductions for the lowest bracket and the NO tax on first 24K?
You haven't help the middle class at all. Shut up and go to your safe space.
At 35%?
no it doesn't scmuck
Have you read the tax bill?  Where is it.
Tell them they can have tax breaks AFTER supplying numerous well-paying jobs.
How much to the #KOCH Bros & #Mercer pay #GOP this time, to get a BIGLY tax break
Do you feel duped yet those who put DT in office?
Tax Reform also hurts Blue States, who pay higher State Income taxes that would not be deductible.
Doesn't make sense to lower tax rate on richest and make up difference by raising taxes on those who have the least. #TaxReform
Barb. U need to read it.  The lowest rate goes up 2% but they don't pay anything until $24k.  Used to be 10% at $6000. Big cut!!
Chuck, quick question, how is going to impact our security when 90% of budget is service on debt?
You cannot be telling the  truth
It's okay, he's gonna double the standard deduction ~while dismantling #healthcare networks so ins costs, copays, etc rise! #MathIsHard
#TaxReform removes deductions for Property Taxes.  This is targeted at home owners in Urban areas: $1m buys a 2 bed/1 bath home in SF.
No it doesn't, maybe you should actually read it.
lets see the combined amount in real $$ that prez tweetenstien and gop in congress will get in tax cuts with their new plan!
So basically the same sit they're always trying to pull. Help our rich asshole buddies, screw America
Tax reform= flat tax and sales tax All payThis gets rid of the IRS, gets rid of all the loopholes, No more April 15.
#helppuertoriconow
By doubling our standard deduction? Wow chuck, your lies are getting so much easier to detect

let the lies begin
Once again starting class war far. Trying to divide the country. Very sad chick
Nothing till his tax returns are released. ZERO.
Chuck is that all you do is cry and complain??? Let's see a good idea from you for once!!! LOSER!!!
That's just not true. It DOUBLES the standard deduction for middle class
Lol it's funny cause chuck would say anything to rally people against trump. 1st time I've heard this fun fact.
LIER, LIER PANTS ON FIRE!  ANOTHER FALSE RANT FROM THE HEAD DUMBORAT!
Why u keep saying middle class.u either poor or rich.
