When is the pedo ring going down  #Chucky?
You and Nancy Pelosi are SENILE and out of your minds.
You both have destroyed the Democratic Party.
Stopped watching years ago when you decided to put Hillary Clinton as a candidate. Nope will remain a liberal but, not supporting your crap
All because you refuse to work with him for the GOOD OF US THE PEOPLE
Like Republicans did with Obama. Boo hoo. But it's pathetic he can't get anything passed in a Congress his own party controls. Sad!
22 bills Lil lady. Oblamas had his first term. The subversive was an Islamic sympathizer. He was a total failure
"Total failure" would be the sad lives of losers like Konald K. Klump's supporters. So don't get it twisted, Vadge.
Or Oblaaama. And HELLIARY  LOL... total failures, no leadership, no business acumen
That's all you got? No wonder you like a POTUS as pathetic as this one.
Good job  Dumbocrats focusing on what didn't matter and overlooking what did matter like our safety, economy,  Freedom
You don't get to determine what matters. How would white trash even have a clue as to what matters? Y'all don't know enough.
Oh thank you.  What a comedian. My sides ache.  Let me know when the act gets to FL, I'd love to see it live.  Ouch - sides still ache.
Try working with our Great President Trump and maybe even U might look good. Like a Clown , but look good. U will be beat when U run again
Chuck I want a LEADER Like PresidentTrump not a CRYER with fake tears.We need to fight not SURRENDER. Only the strong survive get it or DIE
Please keep talking. Get in front of the cameras more if you can (like anyone could stop you). You ensure Repubs retain the Senate in 2018
All talk.  No action from the democrats   please get to work.
What America needs Schumer is for You to leave the Senate and Take Pelosey w/ you. U both R completely out of touch with the rest of America
Mumbo jumbo all that you can expect from the socialists.

Who wants to watch more demwit lies?
What else do you talk about?? The Dems and Republicans " GOVERNMENT PARTY' has an OBSESSION over Trump. Thank god for the outsider! JOBS!!!!
America and American haters want Trump to fail even if it means that America fails. As long as they get the votes, that is all that matters!
Why
Your jealousy is showing again Schumer.
Just stay home Dems# useless
Blah blah blah
What exactly are the promises he broke? He done a great job even with no help or support from the Dems! Drain the swamp piss off the gators
A++++ first hundred days. Perfection. Showing American What leadership is. Making American great again
Keep up your BS. Democrats will continue to lose elections.
Listen if you want to listen to comedy show
DEMOCRAPS = LIARS AND HYPOCRITES
Chucky your broken promises of doing nothing of 100. Days
Hey Chuckie, why don't you take a trip to Turkey. I hear they are looking for you.
You need talk about your failure
Suck it Chuck - your only move is to obstruct and hurt ALL Americans. You're such a Muppet
HA! How can Chuck obstruct when Republicans control both houses of Congress? Obstruction would be what the Republican Congress did to Obama.
Really? Have you been paying attention? He has flip flopped on everything
Have you? Schumer is 1 of 100 Senators, 1 who happens to be in the minority in this Congress. So he has no power to "hurt all Americans."
Well for someone who knows the least he sure knows it the loudest
Really? Schumer knows the least? After November 2016, you can't think of anyone in government who knows less about EVERYTHING?
I don't have time for this - he's the minority leader & Dems follow his lead like scared blind sheep. He'll cost you your tax cut... Im done

Will thi address be on UHF?
Dems lies & defending anything unAmerican the only person I trust in Hawaii is Dog the Bounty Hunter
And I'm sure that Hawaii is boo-hooing about your lack of trust.
Ewww gross.  Democrats =perverts
Let's talk about over 25 promises Obama failed to keep, and the hike in over 20 taxes
Chuckles name 5 promises you kept to the public. That did not involve taxpayer money or obstructing progress.
I think I figured out the new talking point for the libs .....could it be ...broken promises? Just a guess. Guess Russia didn't stick
Schumer you haven't accomplished anything during your tenure in Congress, quit pointing fingers and start doing good for America
The president is a fast learner do not under estimate him he will get everything promised done and you people will keep on losing seats
HA! He is no kind of learner. Not even a slow learner. He's incapable of learning. Besides, he won't be in office long enough to learn much.
Do not want to listen to your bias democratic bull crap !
Blah blah blah blah...
Now all you brain dead Liberal make sure you watch Schumer so you can get your weekly talking points.  LOL.
Ummm no thanks Chuckie, I would rather watch paint dry. 🖒
Great job, thank you
When you sit on your hands and do nothing do you suck your thumb too?
no broken promises. Your former liar broke more promises than any president. You can keep,your coverage. You can even keep your doctor. hmmm
The @GOP may label that as threat. trump will. but it's what a politician would know, and respect. #nowall. @potus hates Puppies.
They aren't broken...it's going to take longer bc u & ur Dems have blocked him over everything but he WILL keep his promises despite you
Trump's promises are being overruled by the GOP. They run the presidency & government. That's why they send Trump on his MANY vacations
Broken promises?  What role have you played in not showing up to vote or filibustering?  #whoislettingusadown
Like watching the walking brain dead! Same old Liberal bullshit time after time!
Stop focusing on him - put out your infrastructure plan and focus on that. Every answer to him on anything is 'our infrastructure plan'
give us an account of the 1st 100 days of congress
zero!!!!!!
Watched it. Didn't agree with it but I listened to the opposing view. You really should learn to use critical thinking more.
Go yell at some more trump supporters in public spaces schumer 
No
