Quid Pro Quo
Kushner and Ivanka need to be stopped. Who is going to stop the selling of our country? The proof is in front of you! Do something!!
I didn't vote for the idiot president!
Tax returns. Get trumps tax returns
Did you ask for Obama's birth certificate for the years he would not produce it? Oh he's a liberal, very special normal don't apply
Ummm. I thought at the time he should produce it. However, it should be noted no other president was asked for that, except the black one
Really, wake up, everything he did college transcript, application to Harvard hidden from the public. Most would be proud to share that info
How can you in one breathe say he loyal only to himself and in the next breathe say he helped elect Trump?
You have no loyalty except to yourself
Correction: Whatever is good for Putin.  His country is never his consideration. World domination requires hurting US and any other country.
sooo your friendship with Putin? there are photos of you two.
So what
As does any President of their country. You’re stating the obvious. The problem is the President of this country being managed by #Putin
You have got to be kidding?! Did you not see our hear Sally Yates?
*or
Unus... you're responding to an idiot who can't even show her face on her profile. It's like arguing with a shoe. Don't waste your time 
Hear what you're saying but gotta have hope. She may get it now if she's watching congress in action!
you should know!
What the fuck, it wasn't long ago you claimed @realDonaldTrump @POTUS and #Putin were best buds!
Similar to 0bama. Substitute Russia for Iran.
Correction...whatever is good to keep him as leader of Russia. Not necessarily what is good for Russia.
Oh Chuck! Everyone knows who the real Nazi is
It's not about what is good for Russia. It's about what is good for Putin. Important distinction.
Yes! Exactly!
Like a cup of coffee with you. All smiles
Interesting perspective! I wonder why our Congress doesn't think the same way! Open borders, sanctuary cities, boys in girls bathrooms....
There is no doubt Hillary would have been a much easier touch for Putin than Trump. Makes no sense that Russia would work for a trump win.
Small correction: Putin pursues whatever's good for the international criminal organization he's part of. Not what's good for Russia per se.
Why do so many in the @gop appear to be so cozy with Russia? Not just Trump's ppl, but @gop in general?
Amazing he's sending thousands of our troops  overseas while he never served. coward
how do you know? friends? close ties with Russian operatives? hmmm.......
You're telling me Putin is "Russia first"?  Isn't that what he should be? #GuamWillTipOver #RussiaInvadingNKorea #DimmsAreDumb
This doesn't add up. HRC was #PaytoPlay. Putin would have preferred HRC. She gave him raw uranium. Pay Clinton, get what you want.
hmmm... sounds like trump. Sociopaths Unite.
that's damn sure what he did for the last eight years
Wow Chuck that sounds just like you
Just like he did when HC brokered the 4 way Uranium deal .
Putin got the Uranium 
BJ Billy got 500k for speeches 
Clit foundation got 
what's your proposal to deal with Russia, exactly?
You need to leave Congress!  You are bad for the US!  Term Limits
No, it has nothing to do with what's good for Russia - he's actually only interested in what is good for Putin.
Then why did you watch Obama put the kibosh on the missile defense system in Poland to appease Putin & get zero in return?
And Obama has no loyalty either. Just different sick ideaologys
Why did HRC give him our uranium then? Oh yeah, MONEY.
@POTUS
@jennybethm
@fud31
odd you don't care about hurting your country, only what is good for chuck schemer, his party and its agenda
About like you chuck.
Talk about cold war thinking. Jeesh! 
Maybe age and term limits would bring modern day thinking to government?!
Let Americans vote on that.
And to that end we have an incompetent president. Think about it
You just made the point that the Right was trying to make.  Good Job.
Have you forgotten about the romance between Castro /Democrats?
How about these "foreign influences". They did not concern your party when you nominated Hillary to be YOUR president? Why not?
You finally said something intelligent.  I just cannot believe it. Now start working with the rest of Congress and the @POTUS to build USA.
Agreed, except it doesn't have to be good for Russia.  Sub whatever is good for Putin.  #Kleptocracy
Sounds like Obama and the democrats to me.
I though OBAMA told Romney Russian was no threat. Cmon this is just a diversion from your failed policies and resistance to Trump
Money goes outside borders and politics.  Whatever makes us rich even richer we will pursue at all cost (unless it involves spending $).
isn't good we have a President that does the same? Put America 1st It should always be America 1st! I put my family 1st
funny Church how, now that you have nothing on Trump you are backing back under your rock!!!
Sounds like you describe yourself. All about your party not the people you serve. Grow up, get to work and stay off Twitter # LOSER
Lots of Russian Americans would disagree Chuckles. Little bit of Racism going on here?
Atty in out travel ban case in Boston was truly terrible. J Gorton throwing softballs he kept missing...
Well Schumer, he IS the Russian president. Sounds like he is loyal to his country. Maybe you should take notes !
Chuckie, you have no loyalty to anybody. Does that make you like Putin.
we all agree ..
You sound stupied
Not "whatever is good for Russia" - whatever is good for HIM!!
Right you and Obama did nothing for 8 years. Pathetic
sounds like u chuck
prove it, or do you base your whole life on assumptions and accusations?
So Putin us a democrat?
WHATEVER IS GOOD FOR MAKING RUSSIAN MONEY YOU MEAN?
Sounds a lot like his acolyte, Trump!
Obama spent taxpayer $ & sent Americans to Israel to try to change their election! Where do you stand on that? Guessing you forgot
So he likes you in office then?
As his puppets in this administration and Congress are doing!
Schumer has no loyalty to The USA as a whole. Whatever is good for Democrats, whatever hurts the Republicans the most- is what he'll pursue.
so I hear now Russia influence France elections, I did not need Russia to influence me, I was you who made me switch sides, & lieing hillary
Chucky has no loyalty for his country. 107 days not worked a dam minute for the betterment of country He continues to tear our country up
Seems like a change of tune. You said he and president Trump were best friends.
We lost 8 years of this concept under Democrats.
Is this a Newsflash to you Senator?
Stop talking to him then
Your just now coming to that conclusion
All you have to know is
No collusion
So then ? Why did Madam Hillary press that dumbass Red Button with Putin? To get Huma all wet and wild ? 
I agree
See ? this is how your Foresight would help POTUS if only u guys could get together U R sooo "RIGHT"
Russian hacking is not about Democrats or Republicans it's about democracy and the United States
Russia hacked this election and there's nothing to prevent them from hacking the next unless we investigate
you would know - you socialized with him
So do we irritate, whine and taunt Putin or invite him to Mar a Lago? Wine and dine him and let him win at golf a few times. He might dig us
No bring a reset button , sell him Uranium let him take Crimea.
Pander to him on hot Mic like obama .
When Russia hack say " cut it out"
Sounds like T
Putin is predictable, yet unpredictable.
Funny ur the same way schumer loyal to ur own power even if it kills USA & u will & Putin will smother ur wimpy behind out best to u demmods
Tha HELL ya bellar? Sorta sounds like a czar... DUMAS! #Backtoworksenator #SchumersRevelations #OMGImsooostupid
You're describing @realDonaldTrump only Trump's loyalties seem to be for Putin and his family.
If you hate Putin so much why have you met with him so often? Guess you only like him when it's convenient for your pockets #hypocrite
And the Dems have really stood up to him, NOT.
That's all OK because she is a liberal. You know "HANDLE WITH CARE" media covers for her on all of her melt downs
Well then the demms should not tried to use to their advantage as pity  vote
Ironically similar to @POTUS 2016 campaign message - Make AMERICA Great Again. Not Dems global, world-view politics #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Obama had more flexibly after he won the second term...
Exactly
Putin doesn't care what's good for Russia, only what's good for him retaining power.
Not whatever is good for Russia, because he does not care about his own starving masses. Whatever is good for PUTIN, himself an oligarch.
Why was the former president asking him for more flexibility till after the second election? Just curious.
Really, Putin is like Trump. Both care only about their contries as cash cows for themselves, families and cronies.
You know perfectly well America needs a threat in order to justify the military industrial complex.
Well, he has plenty of help worldwide as the self-serving classes are more than willing to use him.
@MagicJohnson has hacked @SenSchumer 's account
You r finally seeing the light!  Hence, admit that POTUS knows what he is doing.  After all, he is a New Yorker.
Save Obamacare.
Yes! Please! My taxes aren't high enough already!  LOL 
Just wish more Americans would realize this, Senator. We Are Not Restarting the Cold War II ! This is a Putin thing!
And whatever is good for you and ideologues even if it hurts US is what you'll pursue... #hypocrite
I'm calling BS.  I don't think Putin gives a f-ck about Russia or US, as long as he has his wealth and power, much like our own Despot.
Also: @DNC needs to drop the corporate $, pick up a progressive platform, and pull heads out of their asses, and stop pointing at Trump.
And stop crying "Russia! Russia!  Russia!"
whatever is good for him not Russia the people #smalllittleman
Deflection from the Dems assertions of collusion with Trump I see. Poor Dems, they'll be trying to walk that back for years.
That also fits the model of the democrats lately too
WH cover up
So you should stop trying to work with this possibly compromised Administration until the FBI investigation is over. 
If only Dems could go after the pro-life voters... Instead we champion murder as a choice.  Karma balances all, USA reaps her just reward
U have to meet all standards for all. It is EU & UN that are unfit uneducated to make this organization. Move it to where it belongsUN 
Standard protocol & procedure @PresidentIRL ID card real nice  made for birthcertfact real lucky  read/write in same letters. Forge rest
Truth of Owner that visits. Match the standard for motive of ID theft point is to bury correct man. Fraudulent data breach will b found ©™®
Always WAR crimes @RussiaConnects junkies conspiracy simply math.Treasury prints bills  series not in print Rios highest level of bank©™®
Ask What happens i give u counterfeit money. i b on holiday Only black girl in prison on tv . Total treason . Cant b stupid ©™®
Teachers running bank accounts for others. All Rochford Frauds. Screen act bank employees' u find bank employers unfit on biometrics prints©
Private i add @DEAHQ add substance abuse screens all the same procedure required. Federal checks inbound Migrants hire college degrees©
Why u hire, for legal services systems in population growth. Never understood highschool only always need more education. Missed dataCEO©
Sounds ALOT like you Chuck.
Put urself in Russia's shoes.. Even if USA is friendly today, what happens when our uneducated populace bigly votes in a warmongering fool
"Russia has interfered in elections for decades" but not when Dems won of course
if the west hadn't been so happy to have Russia collapse after the Soviet Union split then this wouldn't be happening.
the west is very poor at creating positive outcomes
amending ... "whatever is good for [Putin & his cronies]" .... not all Russians benefit I'm afraid....
But he does have some sort of personal vendetta against HRC, yes?
Not so different to you, that whatever is good for your agenda, whatever hurts our @POTUS or our country's safety - that's what you pursue.
But trump is too stupid to see that, he prob thinks theyre partners, buddies, pals WRONG! putin is the same as trump-in it only for himself!
"Good for Russia"? Maybe just Good for Putin - not the same
An the president doesn't care. Disgusting
Lynch shall testify on H emails.
Lynch had a affair with Obama and also bill Clinton
Chucky big brother even though he will deni it.
#SallyYates: #BillClinton and AG Loretta #Lynch meet on plane privately in #Arizona to discuss H emails. #Tatiana
That conversation needs to be unmasked. # ALL GUILTY
