Why are Dems all of a sudden concerned about people's health? Dems passing ObamaCare was sign that Dems hate Americans!
Dems hate Americans by making sure they can afford healthcare? That doesn't even make sense
ObamaCare is not affordable! They forced people onto program that made people lose their doctor &insurance they liked Obamacare is disaster!
It had problems but instead of fixing them the GOP just wants to take any chance of decent coverage away - it's cruel & inhuman
Government should not be in the business of healthcare.
every other civilized nation provides citizens w/healthcare - it's revolting to suggest that only rich people are entitled to be healthy
I believe healthcare needs to be affordable for ALL people but the government is not good at running it. There are so many better ways.
The GOP is not doing better & trump himself admitted that Australia's healthcare is far superior to ours
Chuck Chuckie Chuckster....kids in danger?  How about the 500,000+ abortions in the USA every year ??? Did you lose your red nose???
If you cared about abortions you'd want to be sure that the birth control coverage requirement stayed in place GOP are just hypocrites
Good point. Same as if you cared about the black lives matter, then Dems should've done something in the last 8 yrs to bring them up, right?
More should be done for sure but we both know the republicans sure as hell won't not with racist sessions as atty general
Mr Schumer you are my senator please get the democrats to refuse to take any action in senate until hearings are held on trumpcare!
U are my Senator & I am embarrassed. It's so hard to believe a Senator would put Party over people.
Maybe you should take Trump’s word then -> Trump calls House health care bill ‘mean’ - CNN
The point is no matter what is passed it's better than Obamacare. Anybody that doesn't see that isn't paying for their share
No, increasing the uninsured by 23 million is NOT progress.
You know that half of the "23 million" choose to not have insurance. Read the CBO report don't listen to fake news @MSNBC @CNN
Cry a little more and maybe the dems will win 2020
How do u know if u do not have access to the bill?
The blog analyzes the impact to kids of the House bill, which the Senate bill is reportedly following.
I won't vote dem again because how u all r acting! Like children!
I'm tired of working my balls off so some lazy bum can get free healthcare!
Sounds like an unfortunate medical condition that Trumpcare would deny coverage for.
Balance the budget all households have to do the Gov has to as well! No way to help poor if u keep giving to them. I am poor and I know that
You can't keep giving freebees when you don't have the means to pay for it. It's time for people to be responsible & pay for their own kids
Which kids? Those in foster care? By definition, that makes no sense whatsoever. (1)
Kids who are adopted, like Nathaniel, and have significant disabilities? No. -> https://www.statnews.com/2017/02/21/medicaid-nathaniels-story/ … (2)
People who have private coverage but have children with complex health conditions, so Medicaid helps with life-saving treatment? No. (3)
Children whose parents have become disabled and are unable to work? No. (4)
Children whose parents have lost a job so need temporary assistance? No. (5)
Children who have working parents whose employer does not offer dependent coverage, which is high among low-income working families? No. (6)
Children with Medicaid buying private coverage, which is cheaper than the tax deduction for private employer coverage? No. (7)
If your state wants it, your state should pay for it.
Obamacare is putting them in more jeopardy! Its imploding due to Dems passing a bill that was poorly written just so Obama could have legacy
Not keep blaming others! Grow up/lead by example ur coworkers show them resistance will not win votes! Stop worrying over votes n work 4
4 People then WORK w/Rep not spread hate/resistance. U get nothing done for any1 this way! OBAMA care is not working be honest 4 once! Do
Violin not working. Millions SHOULDN'T Have been on MEDICAID to begin with. Shittiest health ins. on the planet! Drs. WON'T TAKE IT!
Really. And how does oblowme dont care work for American families. 5000 per family member out of pocket expense. And a $400 penalty
So a family can go bankrupt in no time. So. Tell us again how socialism works. Give the people drugs. They wont care what you do.
American people! Be real we can not afford to keep OBMA care!
Except when Dems are passing Obamacare #doublestandard
This is an abomination to my severely disabled child and what it would do to us
A
QQ
OBAMAcare has caused working people to have to choose mortgage/Heathcare? R insurance covers nothing/yet we can lose r home! If u care for
BARBARIC
Stop the repukes in the senate!!
They should about your Obamacare that was rammed through by Dems!
You lied to me about #ObamaCare so why would I believe you now?
Medicaid does not guarantee health in areas where doctors don't take it
Cutting funding to Medicaid by $834 billion would obviously make the worse.
Is it a true cut or is it just not an increase?
yes, but u & ur party supports PP who aborts children.............#Schumer, THE JOKER!
FYI...Trumpcare's Medicaid block grants do not adjust for population change. For kids, that means babies would be cut off. #NotProLife
PRO-LIFE......
YOU ARE INSANE!
People who are able should be working and not receiving medicaid
Chuck be a leader, sit down with the Republicans and WORK TOGETHER like adults do in real life. Otherwise you are at fault for doing nothing
Tyler, read the news. 

13 Republicans are meeting in secret. Even Republicans are not being included.
CUTS? How about cutting illegals getting benefits? No a dime to them under ANY name
Yes, starving children, feeding dog food to the elderly, blah blah blah. #Obamacare is a disaster. Someone has to fix your mess #chuckgohome
Take you word" you have non to take
Says the Russian bot with one follower.
. . . keep tweeting all those LIES, chucky boy !
Oh we won't take your word for it!
Maybe you should take Trump’s word then -> Trump calls House health care bill ‘mean’ - CNN
Fight back
Per capita caps put a pricetag on the value of my daughter w/autism. States will have disincentive to provide full amount of med. nec. care.
2 million mo ppl just dropped out of ObamaCare. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up, have no answer = resist! @POTUS
What can we citizens do to prevent the passage of this disastrous bill?
You are nothing more than a "tool" of George Soros. Nothing but lies and blocking - your agenda is not to help the American people
Blah blah blah
Do you actually work for we the people, or are you just in DC to slam, slander and try and bring down your President and Country????????????
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump  Donald, you cannot possibly allow this disastrous bill impact the lives of our sick, elderly and children. Please
Where were you when Obamacare made huge cuts to Medicaid in 2009? crickets......you're a fake, a scam, a hypocrite, and NOT My SENATOR
CHUCKLES STOP YOUR DAM LYING!
How funny you tweet you don't know what's in it, then tweet this nonsense. Make up your mind.
The parents who participated in making these children should pay for their healthcare. Not meu Chucky
My child's life in danger w #AHCA
More bullshit
#fakenews. Shut up chuck
I work in medical and it would make taxpaying Americans sick to see ill. imms. getting their health ins. for FREE WHILE THEY PAY $$$$$$!
I believe Gruber stated it well when he said we were banking on the stupidity of the American public! This is BS and you know it!
Thought you didn't see it? 1500 a month is not affordable
Don't worry Chucky, nobody will take your word for anything. That's a given for intelligent people.
Then start withholding consent. I'll be calling you tomorrow to follow up.
And don't forget, people will be dying in the streets...
Maybe the parents who bring those kids into this world should consider that rather than looking at how much they get extra in welfare.
Medicaid for the private coverage of kids via Medicaid is often far less than the tax subsidy for private coverage by employers.
Don't pretend to be concerned. You took millions of people's healthcare away from them to give it to others for free. Fair? NOT
You need to show a side by side analysis of each bill so the American people can make an informed decision for themselves. Afraid of facts?
Lies
What ever happened to even the concept of a limited federal government?
RAD Rise Against Democrats #MAGA
Specifics Chucky, which American kids illegal, which people specifically Chuckie?
Please take the word of a pediatrician then.Medicaid was designed for mom & kids.They rely on it.Most pediatricians take it.#ProtectKidsCare
Chucky, when are you going to start working and stop freeloading on the American people
YOU ARE THE BIGGEST LIAR SCHUMER!!!!
so so sad for kids
Stop lying  to fit your agenda crying chuck
We don't take your word for it anytime.
I will never take your word I'm sure this is fake. X Democrat
the More you DO THESE "SCARE TACTICS" THE MORE YOUR NOT TRUSTED KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK, you will lose the @TheDemocrats party in no time
Do you know the difference between Medicare and Medicaid? You are so pathetic! Step down and get productive people in politics! Term limits!
Yes, Medicaid covers kids. Do you know the difference?
20 trillion in debt, what's your plan, Senator?
There are the crap powerpoints that tell us bothing. Stop destroying the Dem Party!
Fake opinion. After all consider the source.
We'll let you pay the difference, @SenSchumer , Chuckey.
Wouldn't take your word for anything.  Snowflake
The sad thing is that is something he doesn't care about! Got to get the tax cuts for the rich.
Where exactly are the funds to cover your wants#dems#raise more taxes#promise more freebies on middle class backs
Don't worry Chuckles we don't take your word for anything...
Why don't you tell truth
and making stupid YouTube video's on the tax payers time is gonna help??? So despicable
There r so many government programs that give children health care in this country no 1 has to go without your in government and don't know
Just another idiot who automatically equates dollars wasted as services provided.  There has got to be a better way.
ALL COURTESY OF YOU AND OBAMA
Only danger ObamaCare completely collapses people will have no ins at all you're obstructionism is terrible Democrats fault if this happens
You ranbus broke. Dead f*ing broke. And you complain about cuts. You need help!  Real help!
GRIND THE SENATE TO A FULL STOP. TRUMPTAXCUT MUST NOT PASS. PEOPLE WILL DIE. Subsidies must be paid by end of June.
2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up, have no answer.
Oh chuck still obstructing progress. Look at ur self u dont have any new ideas. U thing ur job which america taxes pay for. Is to stop trump
chuckles the obstructionist
If trump makes any cuts to my medicaid I will soon be living under
so withhold consent then maybe?
So, passing the ACA yrs ago hurt them Dems, but helped millions. What makes the GOP believe Drumpfcare will be good to them in '18 & '20?

So why did you force ObamaCare on your people? You must be voted out.
Another lie from you and info for the fake news channels to spread faux propaganda...come on Chuckie...be real...
Trust me Chuck...I will not take your word for it.
Take mine then. Read it. It is simply math.
like the 12 yr old girl whose health u put in danger by overriding the visa process getting a visa for an imm who molested her?
They are going to kill hoards of people and make others rich on their backs
#ShowUsTheBill or shut it ALL down. People will die!!
DEMS must fight!!
RISE UP
RISE UP
RISE UP 
RESIST!!!!
obama care is falling apart ,  you have to steal the money from fannie mae and freddie mac to fund/subsidize the health insurance companies
Abortions, sanctuary cities, high deductibles and premiums and u care?
Obamacare was and a distaster and you know it. But best thing is, Americans know it. 
Just like #CrookedHillary, a flawed policy.
we would never take your word chuck!
LOL #Obamacare is in a Death Spiral and all you spit out is Bullshit like your Fake Russian story 
You don't give 1 damn about Americans
Then let ACA simply fail on its own. U voted for it, u own it.  Ur failure.
Is this for present receipents or future. Are future guidelines being revised and not current?
Kids can be on their parents ACA now . . . what do they need Medicaid for?
poll of 1300 people is not a true representation. CHILDREN have been & will ALWAYS be taken care of by the medical professionals! stop fear
I don't take your word for anything Nazi sympathizer in Soros pocket
"Don't take my word for it."
Realist shit he ever spoke.
Op-Ed from a guy who's spent his life working for Democrats and the Democrat Party. No bias here. Nope. None.
#fearmongering
Great. Block it. Do SOMETHING to stop this bill.
You are one of our worst enemies. obamacare was/is a disaster for most. We need term limits to protect us from the likes of you.
looks like a map of the next election
TERM LIMITS 
And what winner did that POS obamacare legislation create ?
Find them a job so they can afford Health CarelFind the FATHERSof the children make them pay for their Children's Health Care.
You are a fraud. #Obamacare was shoved done the House the same way.
We have an OBLIGATION to take care of the OLD, the YOUNG and the DISABLED as a civilized society.  Trump is making us less civilized.
Cuts are Washington Speak for no increases.Why?OBAMA CARE Total failure.Where is the Money taken from Fannie May & Freddie Mac?
WITHHOLD CONSENT SENATOR! Protecting ACA is THAT IMPORTANT! ACA is THAT SWORD to die on! We expect DEMOCRATIC STEEL WALL holding the line 
What will you be doing to stop this?
Happy to see the Dems working so hard to improve the ACA
Repubs cry, resist & persist. They are obstructionists.
Keep up the great work!
Thank you Senator!
OBAMA CARE IS IMPLODING THANK YOU DEMOCRATS AND OBAMA ADMINISTRATION  VOTE SCHUMER OUT AND ALL THE OTHER RESPONSIBLE DEMOCRATS
Health insurance higher then Rent?For shame senator Schumer, for shame.
If #Trumpcare is so bad, GOP will lose in midterms & you become Sen.Ldr.  If it's better than Obamacare, bye-bye Dems. You seem nervous!
Why do so many need Medicaid? It's your failed policies and job destroying liberal agenda. More jobs=less need! Get out of the way Schmuck!
Reading reports 2 million people dropped off ,of the AHCA.some people monthly premium is higher than rent.
Why isn't the Dem Senators shutting down Senate until there is a hearing?
Bottom line @realDonaldTrump hates children, look at Eric never got father's love. Poor guy.
#TuesdayThoughts #TuesdayMotivation #Covfefe
Shut down the Senate! That will get press coverage and raise awareness!
It's obvious..... They don't give a fuck about the kids.
Then quit wasting time and get everyone at the table to offer solutions.
You guys really need to come up with something creative/splashy, or this monster is going to pass.
Help @RandPaul 
https://twitter.com/RandPaul/status/874637949777915904 …
I don't think we should sell arms to Saudi Arabia if it might wind up in the hands of ISIS and if they punish people for protests... 
You obstructing the President is traitorous, you'll get yours soon enough.  Reap what you sow traitor.
Would never take your word for anything. You are consistently the most partisan person in the senate. Not working for the people but party
Socialism and your progressive adgenda are a detriment. Planned parenthood does more damage to kiids. Its not the govs. right to sell ins.
So what are Dems going to do about it????
What cuts?  Lies Chucky.
Obamacare is failing!! Insurance companies are pulling out. Healthcare is unaffordable. That's on you Chuckie and your liberal colleagues.
#DEATHCARE
Where is a link to the bill?
Dems are between a rock n hard place. Exchanges don't trust Trump n are pulling out. ACA failure will be blamed on Dems. Trump's plan .
Senator: you know what you have said is a falsehood.
Anthony Weiner puts kids in danger.
Ironic that in my timeline this tweet follows another saying Heller Portman and Capito voting "yes."
Liar
ESPECIALLY those with special needs!
lol..  scare tactics... is there no shame??
Bullshit Chuck! Obamacare you passed is useless if you can't used it and oppressive through mandates! @POTUS can only make things better!
Please continue to fight for the right of the American people to see the draft of the AHCA bill & let us decide if it will serve us better.
Did you ask to see Obamacare before it was passed? Of course you did not, Hypocrites never do.
I didn’t need to ASK because it was available. Here’s the proof - OPEN BIPARTISAN ACA hearings, per CSPAN archives: https://www.c-span.org/video/?292260-1/white-house-health-care-summit-part-1 …
"We have to pass the bill so we can find out what is in it." ~ Nancy Pelosi
Obamacare puts all American citizens Health at risk not just the kids
What's the matter, can't handle it CHUCKIE?
Do you plan to allow #TrumpCare to pass, as they say, over your dead body?
Schumer had no concerns for Seniors health when when Obama took 716 Billion out of Medicare to fund the failed Obamacare!
We would never take your word for it, you're a lying politician.
What is your solution Chuck?  Obamacare?  Keep trying to scare people? Most people with AFA can't use it anyway.
What is wrong with you
There is no Trumpcare so you bullcrap is all a bunch of lies to scare the dumb people of the US, Cant think of 1 time Dems told the truth
I wouldn't take your word on anything.  
#clown
Says the man who voted for Obamacare now in a Provider Death Spiral where many millions, children and sick are dying today
Senator, what are Democrats doing to fight this? We need proactive approach since the GOP is just a wrecking ball.
Healthcare should not be in the hands of the fed gov. That's the problem
