Being on Twitter is part of President Trump doing his job because of your friends at the media that lie
Puerto Rico has special problems we got supplies there it's &island vehicles were destroyed America can't see every eventuality immediately
President Trump has to be on Twitter because the news is not reported it's invented
Almost 11 million people in Haiti and 4 million in Puerto Rico. Let's be conscious of comparisons. PR itself what happened their leadership?
Schumer should get off twitter himself & START doing his own f*ing job...If you want to be president, RUN!  (NO CHANCE IN HELL YOU WILL WIN)
You are not a very nice guy are you chuck, Try praying and not blasting, tell the Puerto Rico President should be doing something
Sen. Schumer, please stop everything else and IMPEACH HIM. He is UNFIT FOR OFFICE and a disgrace to this country. We must remove him NOW.
Chuckie. Quit the twitter, roll up your sleeves and get to work period. You do nothing but provide lip service to the nation.
Hey Chuck  why don't you help out and put action where ur mouth is..
Trump tweets to get information across to the people. You tweet to spread negativity about situations + tweet everything opposite if truth!
Exactly.
Chuck and deep state are licking their chops thinking how to spin Las Vegas into something negative for our president. USA USA USA
And always remember ....face the nation is an example of our objective media.... please
What have you done besides running your loud mouth?  78 Mayors in Puerto Rico, and one complained. She lied too, no one has died since storm
Arrest Governor of #PortoRico & Mayor of #SanJuan. #PuertoRico  #SanJuanMayor sabotaging relief efforts!
I know that's why I'm posting it under all of their tweets
Thank you for posting it to these politicians that only want to spread fear
Gov of PR says Trump is doing everything possible and 77 mayors agree! Better than obama who was on vacation while Louisiana was under water
schumer places party before country
CHUCKY U R BUTT is really hurting. Please take these MEDS. Otherwise U may end up in Paul Reveres OUT HOUSE and owe all those sponsors
@FaceTheNation @SenSchumer SenShmuck you are the King of obstruction, majority of folks read right through your bullshit. Go rot in hell.
Or this:


U get the idea!

Maybe stay off Twitter and look into the real reason relief is not being delivered. Hint: corruption.
Oh, and this:
The mayor of PR should shut up and do her work it’s her fault she stole the taxpayer money to upgrade power grid
Trump hasn’t rolled up his sleeves a day in his life....
#daddysmoney
Sen. Schumer You do know that he hasn't stalled anything. It's disgusting to see politicians try to capitalize on natural disasters.
@SenateGOP @FoxNews @nypost @POTUS @VP     Senator, become a little more educated on what's going on, speak to the Governor of Puerto Rico.
Face The Nation:  quit your whining.  Focus on the truth.
HAVE  YOU EVER LISTENED TO SCHUMER HE CAN'T RECITE ONE SENTENCE WITH OUT SHOWING HIS IGNORANCE OR LYING ABOUT SOMEBODY OR SOMETHING
He doesn’t know how to work.  He just acts like he can golf and tweets nothing but junk.
LAME STREAM MEDIA
Good job highlighting what you want everyone else to focus on. Good job Senator, good job. Now... get off your ass and go show him up.
I think you're ALL crazy if you want to know the truth.
liberals make me laugh u complain he isn't moving fast yet the governor compliments Trump for all they have been doing. But u can't take it
I have an idea Chuckie why don't u stop this resistance crap & instead of opening ur mouth every 2 secs to bash Trump start helping instead
Hey Chuckie! Why don't YOU "roll up your sleeves" for a change instead of all your whining, bitching, hateful rhetoric and grandstanding.
And  maybe  you button your lips idior and you get to work, instead of bashing  trump
Why didn't you talk about the Union Transfers being on strike which stopped supplies from moving resulting in dozens of ships bottlenecked
Why don't you see if Soros will give you permission to fly down there yourself? Don't believe the media hype and please don't create it.
When are you going to quit your damn whining and go over there and roll up your sleeves? TELL US EXACTLY HOW YOU HELP WITH THIS?
Dems think not for theirselve but for their pocket books as does the main stream media.  Hope everyone listens as we are in danger from U
NOW you jump on these people of Puerto Rico.  They here maybe just basic news & believe this shit.  Dems care NOTHING for "we the people"
EVERYONE should watch "America Under Seige" on @OANN One America News. This tells all what you are. Kane's son arrested as part of it.
I'm now an independent and hope like hell you are voted OUT.  It is time we all say now to your antifa actions.
Here you jerks go again.  This should NOT be about politics but you have done everything to stop everything people need
Tell EXACTLY what he should be doing. Tell ALL what EXACTLY he could have done prior if he wasn't told. PLEASE tell EXACTLY what your doing
Mr.President, don't forget the other hurricane victims. Just let the USA people know the cost is coming out of their pockets.
@SenSchumer (smear) & N Pelosi (Bela Lugosi) team of lairs & masqueradars  professional black sheep. Message just pettifogger advise @POTUS
Stop horrible killing red tape:.
http://a.msn.com/en-us/news/us/in-puerto-rico-acute-shortages-plunge-the-masses-into-survival-struggle/ar-AAsINbC?li=BBnb7Kz …
Chuck stop the bullshit, you are the best example of rotten politician in Washington.
Yes Schummer should shut up and act. He should go to PR and see what's going on instead of tweeting from his office
The Mayor isn’t even attending FEMA meetings as other Mayors of PR are doing…she is not informed about what is really happening.
You know FEMA & other fed workers were in PR before either hurricane hit.  PR infrastructure & elec power grid was failing before storms.
Keep tweeting America loves it! Why are you. Worried about PR who claims Commonwealth status? All of a sudden now they claim U.S.A status!

Where was your criticism of Obama when he flew AF1 to CA. for a golf game @ a operating cost of 248K per hour?
Where was your criticism of Obama  when he was golfing within minutes of an American getting his head cut off?
.
Crying Chuck your terrible and an obstructionist!  Why don't you try doing something positive for a change instead of complaining!
.Funny how FEMA director AND GERALDO COMPLETELY contradicts you! They are there on the island! You are in THE SWAMP SO STOP LYING!
Other Puerto Rican Mayor: Trump Has Been Great, San Juan's Mayor Has Been AWOL
No one believes your lies, Schumer, except those who believe #TheBigLie
.Schumer STOP LYING & CAUSING DIVIDE IN OUR COUNTRY! IF IT WASN'T FOR THE LYING LEFT AMERICA WLD BE FINE!
Guaynabo Mayor Angel Perez Otero says Mayor Yulin Cruz a no show at coordination meetings between FEMA US military officials & PR leaders.
Exactly!!!!
And what have you done Chuckie boy for PR that doesn’t include putting your face in front of a camera?
SCHUMER SHOULD TAKE HIS OWN ADVICE & GET TO WORK. THAT WOULD BE A WELCOME CHANGE FOR AMERICA! DJT IS WORKING CIRCLES AROUND CHUCK AND DEMS!
U Firmly Believe that if U tell A LIE Enough Times People will Accept IT! DON"T It's Still A LIE! @SenSchumer @TheDemocrats @NancyPelosi
Senator Schumer just spent more time on this show than President Trump has on all of his tweets since the inaugural.
Schumer take your own advise & stop being a negative Nancy too. You tweet tweet away the sky is falling on every issue & you done no work!
Message to Schumer, get to work,quit crying,stop obstructing !
Ha, like YOU Schumer?! 
Why don't you do that? Chucky. Term limits are needed to get this unproductive leech out of congress!
CHUCK, isn't this the pot calling the kettle black? All you do is run your mouth skim money & let human trafficking run wild! Seeing pattern
Chuck "The Schmuck" wants @realDonaldTrump to stop countering the narrative that the lying press is pushing for the situation in Puerto Rico

Trump's tweets go straight to us without filter,good or bad we get them all,we can't trust MSM anymore for truth
He's incapable of leadership.  He's still playing golf.   #LockHimUp
It would be nice mr schumer if you would do the work of the people and pass something
sure chuck you haven’t worked in years just verbalizing complaints
So @Bloomberg wants to avoid being part of the Democrats' big lie. Some #MSM outlets are finally waking up.

.@nedryun: "We have a sitting Democrat US Senator on trial for corruption and you've barely heard a peep from the mainstream media." 
Why is Chucky not in PR to help, guess to busy screwing others to mess with them & no 1 gave him a few million to go, No $ no help from Dems
.

Message to liar @SenSchumer quit

 the lies and get out of http://D.C.no  one

 BELIEVE you any more

White man speaks with fork tounge

Liar

.
You quit the twitter you are the one busy causing trouble you ate no help help or shut up
Why is everyone trying to make Trump something he is not? Call him what he is .He is never going to change.
All politics. If she is really in that much disparity how does.she have time to print up a tee shirt. Really she's a political hack
That is like telling you to stop lieing you will never. Get you ads out the door.
you are telling someone to quit Twitter in a Tweet
.ha! That's funny
oh my god you don't actually expect him to actually work optimistic aren't you
You will have to admit and answer to God why #Dem Party kept his people in poverty before U walk into heavens gates or U want!
Will @realDonaldTrump listen to you @SenSchumer  on this DOUBTFUL. Someone must put a stop to his insane rants. He is dragging US DOWN
.lol POTUS isn't pulling us any where but safe frm NK, more money in our pockets, more jobs, more money in 401k! Oh & dont forget GDP 3.1%

Please ask the Senator from NY why the unions in PR refuse to do their jobs and unload the supplies sitting on the docks?

You didn't discuss the poverty and devastation prior to #PuertoRico hurricane. Everybody wants to deny to blame Trump who wasn't POTUS.
He's currently @potus [a self absorbed one] who's to blame for the delay in relief?
Step 1. Delegate !  Step 2. Hope the containers r emptied and distributed asap. Step 3. Visit and evaluate!  USA @realDonaldTrump
Chuck Schumer: "Bro. Delete your account."
Saying is not believing!Why didn't U do something about the poverty in #PuertoRico. #NewYork has a large Puerto Rico pop, they are R neigh
Guess you're in another world, he's been working harder than I've ever seen from you! Ironic, you're tweeting asking him to stop tweeting
When will @SenSchumer be on the ground in Puerto Rico ?
It's almost like Schumer is not trolling twitter.  How stupid does he think we are?
Guess u haven't heard the REAL NEWS. Why don't u & Pelosi go there & unload 3,000+ cargo containers sitting idle?
.Funny how you ppl have no idea what you are talking about. You just repeat whatever some lefty tells you RESEARCH YOUR SELF!
Trump is so pathetic and jealous of HRC. She has the popularity he craves, the leadership he lacks and freedom he desires. Just quit. #MAGA
@dacullington. Please stop tweeting and go to Puerto Rico already. You can google directions.
@dacullington. Oh sure Chuck. Can you see Trump wading in waist deep flood water w/ who knows what's in it? Yeah
And what about Schummer can you see him wading in waist high water or even taking a plane seat that isn't 1st clad to PR let alone helping
This guy *work*? Please. Never has, never will.
Schumer. U r right never worked an honest day in his life.
Please!!! Be honest
food water on the round but no teamsters drivers want to work ,somehow Democrats cities leaders have clean-hands,another bad democratsstate
Trump needs to quit blaming others for his incompetence.
Well you and others blaming Trump need to take a course in emergency managment. The Mayor of San Jaun has done NOTHING but moan
he sent everything they need ,where are you?you can fly to the ground rightnow!how much you donated?its showing Democrats can't run states
I have to agree Sen. Schumer on this one.  Poor response from WH.
Golf club in one hand and iPhone in the other, he will take on all his opponents.

Right after you
 #TrumpsKatrina #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #MuellerIsComing
https://twitter.com/TomWellborn/status/914528113538797568 …

.@nedryun: "We have a sitting Democrat US Senator on trial for corruption and you've barely heard a peep from the mainstream media." 
