Chuck, forget the FTC for a moment. @realDonaldTrump just fired Comey. He's trying to bury the investigation! No more votes!
Because the American people are too stupid to think for themselves and need the guberment to save them from themselves...
He looks like a muslim terrorist financer?
Blah blah blah  I don't think anyone wants you backing them, if so they are sure to lose
To think anyone actually put any merit into anything you have to say would be the one of those horrible late night jokes! Get the cane!
You and your ilk have been blocking every person Prez has nominated hope GOP does same to you! Grow up and do your job
No thanks, we don't want anyone you think would be "eminently qualified". You are done screwing our country.
If you @SenSchumer recommend him, he must be a POS.
Sorry. I'm sick of liberals in government. #ExDems4Trump2020
you had me until this name shows up bottom of article.   He is considered an ally of Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), shes dragging you down
You kidding me - Chopra is a sold-out to the big media companies -
Kiss of death is you submitting anyone
We'd like an American  - thanks
Wow. Came out from the wall you built between conservative America/WH, to recommend another leftist elite. Mud

No more Globalist, Progressive, Marxist Democrats! Your ruining our Republic!
Don't want a New Age guru  bro
anyone you know HAS to suck
Noooo Chucky
If you want him, then it's a big NO!
Dude, your side lost. You don't get to push one of your flunky!
10 MAJOR FBI SCANDALS ON COMEY'S WATCH
Hey Chucky, Don't you get it? If your high on recommending a candidate, WE DON"T WANT HIM/HER!
Chuck, HEY, CHUCK! The Republican party won, you lost. HEAR IT? YOU LOST. You don't get to pick and chose nominees. Sit down now.
I don't believe anything a loony liberal says
You lost...therefore you don't get a say.  Sit down and shut up!
Chuck thinks we are stupid, thanks to social media we can tell him what we truly are   Deplorable!!
Remember when @BarackObama sold guns across the border?  Where was the investigation?

I hope #Hillary & #Obama & #SusanRice are trembling Tonight Prison Orange to follow #ComeyResign 
No more Russian collusion crap! Go to work congress and pass some laws
No different than you and Wiener
Drain the swamp
No he is not

Anyone you suggest... HAHAHAHAHAHAHA #Biased
Senator Schumer this is crazy! The FBI and Comey were Americas last hope for prosecution of Trump! This is OBSTRUCTION! Omg is this a coup?
No silly, he should have been fired a long time ago! You and I both know that.
What have u done since Jan. NOTHING. Useless person who harbors hate.
Please tell us your plans to DEMAND an Independent Investigation. The firing of Comey during the FBI Investigation into Trump is appalling.
It's all bullshit. Trump called Feinstein at 5:30 am to advise of firing...wtf is going on here?
Ok it was 530 pm, but it's still bullshit
Why aren't you doing more of this, rather than whining and resisting daily like a clown? Just do your job! @NancyPelosi , take notes!
#TERMLIMITS
No
There is no place in politics for a person as obstructive as Schumer.
Schumers recommendation should be the kiss of death, he has no credability, other than as an Obstrucionist.
He can't be any good if Schumer thinks he is, Schumer is more bipartisan than Harry (the weasel) Reid.
Lobbyist Payola !!!!
Trump fired him per recommendation of Atty General Jeff Sessions, who lied under oath??!!
Hello Senator. Please respond to Comey's termination....!!!!
Like they are going to take your recommendations! Not a chance.

Hey Chuck - Comey has been fired.
