This latest test also makes clear that @POTUS ’s approach to #NorthKorea is not working https://sen.gov/LZJ4 
@BarackObama  8 years to stop North Korea Give @realDonaldTrump more than 120 days Give him his staff & stop the #Resistance bs weakening US
He has staffbut keeps firing them. Remember his best picks, he said he would fix everything in 30 days. What's up?
Only 48 of 197 nominees have been confirmed, an unprecedented delay in American History. The peaceful transfer of power has been subverted
But he said all this was so easy I don't want to hear excuses now.
5 are STILL waiting! Who wants to be nominated when the approval process has turned into a sham? It's subversive & weakens America
Oh no 5 get over it! That's what you focused on? If DJT is so wonderful why wouldn't they be lined up to serve?
5 Ambassadors only 48 of 197 appointments have been confirmed!  This goes beyond politics to corrupt unethical subversive behavior #MAGA
It was last POTUS policies that helped get us to this point.
But DJT is so wonderful fix it. When are we getting those hostages back? I thought it was sooo easy?
Since MORE of the USA is now inside the Strike-Zone perhaps @POTUS DT & @WhiteHouse will begin to #Lead and work to protect America
It's obvious he can't, get out of the way DJT. The circus is going to get closed down.
Yes #Sad
&
I'm so pleased that @POTUS DT has basically asked to #Evacuate the @WhiteHouse 
I will help him pack
#SendDTBackToNY
I must have missed what Obummer has done about DPKR Move out of his @Potus way and lets see what gets done.  20 plus years what is your Idea
Dems are so determined to destroy Pres Trump. they R willing to pick a fight with Russia.  Russia could B ally in fight against ISIS. But no
@Mfjean0213 @SenatorCardin @POTUS He hasn't signed that yet?
I would demand 2 C proof of interference, B 4 I took Russian property.  Y only 3 intel agencies out of 17  Were they Dem biased, like Lynch?
Send it to Gov. Jerry Brown of CA. He'll sign anything to do with foreign affairs w/o analyzing the greater impact to the country.
Oh your tough guy chuck who gave china billions of US dollars to become the world power will you fight if there's a war I doubt it just BS
@WhitfordBradley @SenatorCardin @POTUS -let's be real- POTUS isn't working-Fore! Except on his game
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10213268696529904&id=1171711363 …
Russia has been an ally to the US, more times than not; Amcn Revolution, Treaty of Ghent, WW1, WW2.  Dems now use Russia 2 hide inside job.

Let's start more wars around the world...
Maybe Shumer should highlight the fact that the CLINTONS created the N Korean Nuclear Monster that now has nukes! Money & Equipment to DPRK!
Trump needs to strike out line that limits POTUS ability to make changes. Democratic have opposed everything Trump does. He should not sign
POTUS is trying to work with China on NK issue.  What did Obama do?  Trump did not manufacture crisis.  Handed to him.

PETITION: 100,000 Signatures to Force Congress to Use Obamacare! http://conservativefighters.com/obamacare-petition/ …
Our politicians are way too old and or computer illiterate to make decisions like this based on faulty evidence..
I'm being they didn't design and build an ICBM in just the last 6 months.
Right, because the policies of the previous EIGHT YEARS RE: North Korea worked so well?
NK can see the President is in chaos and they are testing him.
Exactly! Captain Chaos! It's a huge pile of stinking steaming bull 
Trump should do what Barry O did about North Korea,give empty speeches...NOT! 
#MAGA
Any DJT'S empty twitter rants which Tillerson then contradicts.  PLEASE wake up!
schumer makes for a good back seat driver had 8 yrs all they done was load money on a plane and give them
Your a traitor.bill gives China Russia EU India perfect reason to drop US dollar leaving Americans w/hyper inflation and economic collapse
Whatever Schumer whatever
Maybe Trump should brag about something. That's his go to on everything. That or an insult
trump done more in 3 months obama wouldn't make good pimple on trumps ass
POTUS needs to RESIGN.... in all honesty
Lets cut the crap & face it, Trump is utterly clueless and only attempting to do what the GOP tells him to do...
In YOUR OPINION Cardin!!
if you agree the current policy isn't working why n hell rnt you doing your job with others to fix it???
Yeah, tweeting at dictators is typically ineffective as a policy.
And what the Nazi Fascist Democrats regime led by Muslim Obama did was better? by giving them nukes (Iran and Korea)
Hey bright eyes, where in the hell was ur pressure concern 4 the last 8 yrs and what did ur messiah Obama do abt Kim? Right nothing!

It only became an immediate near-term threat accdg to Obama Jan 20th 2017. Remember they were wrong on timeline? Ah
Thanks to Carter, Clinton, Obama.
But but but he makes tremendous deals... the BEST!
You all need to decide what you want and quietly take steps. Move NK from the front page to a footnote in the International section.
OMG  this is the first, he has finally agreed with Our President Trump! Wow 
Exactly. Running your mouth, making threats on Twitter. Excuse me for laughing, but only someone with no experience would do that.
Trump has no approach to anything. That would require thinking & he's too rich to do something like that.
#NorthKorea will make mischief as long as we have a dysfunctional and ineffective @POTUS. They thrive on the weakness of @realDonaldTrump!
Wm Clinton opened doors for NK's nuclear pursuits, name any policy since that has stopped NK.
.@SenSchumer Tx 4 defending Democracy from #RussianInterference-Would U Protect Americans H2O/Air/Land from #Fracking b/c @EPA can’t?
After Putin next up cum of sumyungguy. Just keep taking it deep Chuck.
Agree or disagree all the time. Never work never. Do something anything. Get of Reiter and do something. For the love of God do something
Democrats have had 8 1/2 years to address this issue now after 6 months you expect a definitive answer well BS aside what is your answer
Chuck, Funny how yr infinite wisdom and leadership hasnt done a darn thing for black youth, middle class or the country in general.
POTUS encouraged police violence&violation of RuleofLaw in Long Is. Speech. Congress #CensurePOTUS.
Totally irrelevant in the grand s heme of things Schmucky...cant wait for you to not be reelected...go on and cry somewhere....
#MAGA
Haha.Remember when Obama mocked Romney in debate over Russia and u all laughed. Now you're choking on Putins d*^k.So funny how irrelevant ur
Any chance U Senators can concentrate on Health Care since U left the tax paying, hard working mid class High & Dry for 2018 & beyond. HELP!
Russia has been a frequent ally to U.S, since our conception; Revolutionary war, WW1, Treaty of Ghent, WW2 & ISIS.  Dems are greater threat!
Dems would not like Pres Trump to have a cooperative relationship w/Putin, where Obama failed miserably.
Dems wld rather embroil our country in multiple wars than C President Trump succeed.  Vote out party loyalist, obstructionist & Globalists!
Fake accusations agnst Russia & Trump, have prevented any cooperation agnst ISIS.  They want 2 fight ISIS-China-Syria-Iran-N Korea & Russia?
https://youtu.be/57yQCVpbI1o 
Hay chuck Obama left  you a gift.  All americans have to be chipped by the end of 2017. So get your chip today by tied to your master
Please address the fact that we have no Homeland Security director. This administration is a train wreck. Please work to keep the USA safe.
As long as Congress is not working with #Trump, he should not sign anything you want & veto anything you pass.
It's a poor game 2 can't play
Asking China to apply more pressure to North Korea is like asking China to commit suicide? They live next door do you? Talk is cheap.
Don't U DARE say what @POTUS should do!U don't have a single thought that U aren't PAID 2 say.U/ur gang of Senate THUGS. U fool Dims Not us!
If U ARE a TAX PAYER in this country & U paid attention as Obama and the DEMS spent more than all administrations COMBINED ask are WE BETTER













Schumer you FRAUD you taxed the middle class right out of NY. $18 to cross a bridge. You have DONE NOTHING FOR PEOPLE
Because PBO and the Congress strategy has done so well in the last 8 years
Your silence over the previous administrations policy of appeasement, which landed us here, is laughable.
this is the most shameful president i ever seen in my life time this is a disgrace
keep up the fight chuck you can slow his agenda down Trump is only rallys white american extremists destroying the poor fixed incomes
Obama stole from.America and funded Isis. Debbie put IT people in WH. To steal tpp secrets from.us for muslim countrues

Deep State is saying they want to take kill Trump. We all know the truth chuck. HILLARY KILLERY NEEDS TO GO  TO JAIL THATS WHY SHE LOST
How can a President perilously question his intelligence community & not confront Russia head on!
You're a hack.
 warning  @SenSchumer there are rumors circulated that the bill is a trap and trick for both Republican and Democratic. Check carefully
WHAT IF TRUMP "VETOES" the bills !!?? What are the statements??? LOOK CAREFULLY!!!
forgot to thank you & all the Dem Senators & my amazing Senator @SenCortezMasto for voting no, you guys are our heroes
America doesn't want a socialistic government. ACA is not working if you have to keep bailing out the ins. companies and exp. Medicaid. 
Chucky what were you doing the past 8 years! Americans well know that @POTUS44 @BarackObama & crooked @HillaryClinton were ineffective!!!!!
It was a turning point, but not the kind you're hoping for.  See you in 2018.
Fake Tears Schumer praises McCain's betrayal -"I hope what McCain did will be regarded in history as a turning point"
TIME YOU WOKE UP,   USA IS A SEWER AND YOU HAVE JUST PISSED OFF TOO MANY COUNTRIES.....  GOOD LUCK WITH YOUR LIFE...
Is the current policy the one from Obama? Don't recall you tweeting about those inequities. Partisan hack.
Why didn't tou push this when Obama was President???
Yeah, the better approach would have been to fly hundreds of millions in unmarked bills into the country in the dead of night
The only one Trump should sanction is Democrats. Shut this dysfunctional treacherous Govt. down.
POTUS signs the bill shortly & we will find that the Democrats were the ones colluding with Russians. Get ready Chuckie, its coming your way
Even this conservative Republican agrees that's the least POTUS needs to do.
And exactly who was in the White House for the last 8 years?
If you agree, that makes me scared.
If you're for it Chickles, then it's a bad idea.
Shocker! You agreeing with another American terrorist!
& resign - sneak his resignation in & tell him it's new healthcare bill.
Did sanctions work for Bill Clinton? No! They didn't work then and they won't work now. A sign of insanity!
Maybe you should pass a new sanctions bill like the Russian one that worked so well!
Because TRUMP IS CLEANING UP WHAT  CORRUPTED OBAMA THE WEASEL DID.
Trump is trying to make up 8 years of failed policies of the Obama administration! Didn't care then did u
Nothing Donnie is doing is working!
He's scared. Yet has a lot to say when not in the office. Pres Obama is such a better man than trump will ever be.
But yet you supported the obama foreign policy of letting EVERY country bend us over and fuck us. Your hypocrisy know no bounds.
I/We support your thoughts on this subject.!And thank you for your Humbleness on the floor last night and your NO VOTEThank you for my Care
And ensure cabinet doesn't agree to Mooch deal w China
Do not sign this bill mr president. Please stick where the sun don't shine on mccain
He's the top dog, so it's your turn to suck it up schumer.
@Potus's approaches are not working for anything or anyone. #ImpeachmentIsNotADirtyWord
Go ahead and try to have him impeached. You will start a civil war. Our patients with looney liberals is hanging by a thread.
What did you and your friend "Fat Cat" Obama do the past eight years? Nothing! The ultimate in hypocrisy
Question... How long will Senate wait for Trump to sign this bill?
You were alright with nothing be done when Obama was in power. Increasing sanctions will lead to armed conflict. Hope you are ready.
I agree that current policy isn't working but @DNC tied sanctions bill is NOT A SOLUTION but MORE BAD POLICY!00123 @GOP KAT @VP @Pontifex
please 6 months in office and it isn't working ---give me a brake
...wirh Trump.  Be the bigger man for the american people and put the bullcrap aside. This is about dem agenda not what's best for AMERICANS
He needs to have the full repeal bill on his desk
Bc that's worked real well with DPRK for r the last 50 years.
Really, how long have you been in office and what has the congress accomplished during that time? This is more petty politics. Go sit down..
Great idea! Sanction everyone except Israel. Fool!
Israel doesn't need sanctions. Fool
Right. I forgot we love apartheid states.
Because there has BEEN NO policy. Zero, except for a few useless breaths of air he's uttered in the same manner he did during his campaign.
@tempteststorm2 NO RECESS until Dems & Rep work on healthcare. Don't slither away with doing nothing but obstruct. NEED 2 parties work 4 us.
Dems refuse. In one breath they say they want to work with Reps, then when given the chance they change their puny minds.
This yet another step to control by socialism our constitution is being destroyed. Your controling the president and foreign policy
After losing so many seats, they still don't get it that we have had enough. I thought the rest of Dems would shape up, but nooooooo.
Ummm,haven't they come up with any better missile technology than the 90s bs they keep peddling?
OMG! The LAST thing we need is crying Chuck to get involved in foreign policy!
Or OUR policy. lol
Don't pretend you care about America you obstructionist. Lil Chuckie Lies a Lot
Try Obama's lead and send them a couple of hundred million $ in the dead of night. #povertypimp
Far more dangerous issue for #USA is the blatant,treasonous attempt by #DNC and #MSM to overthrow duly elected #POTUS & U R a big part of it
You remain an obstructionist and counterfeit politician Hopefully you will have lots of misfortunes and sad story's in your life How Sad Man
His state should make him step down.
We are where we are because obama was a f in pussie. Trump is not afraid to nuke them
Why are we never sanctioned? Or Israel
Again the jerk can't focus & is distracted easily ADD??
Obsessed with sanctions which hurt the ordinary people and not the leadership
The sanctions on Russia is against the elite leadership.
Let's give Russia 150 Billion dollars in cash like Obama gave Iran.
WHAT DID YOUR BOY OBAMA DO?
Gee Chuck I thought the Constitution gave foreign policy to @POTUS Not the senior senator of NY.  He should veto on gen'l pcpls or sit on it

Look away....... I'm hideous
Go Trump go
After decades of sanctions, why would you think for a moment that more will change anything? Another plan needed but sanctions? Useless
Oh yeah thanks for the vote of confidence Chuckles
What would #Obama do? Redline again? You celebrate #ACA continuation. Oh shit, now what?
FIX IT OR PERISH.
You and Obama did nothing for 8 years but give away borrowed money to our enemies.  Get off the fence thug.
Time to impeach schumer the clown.
STOP OBSTRUCTING Chuck 
No approach is working. Past adim did nothing, and left us with nothing.  Your fools
Or #CrazyDonny could neither sign nor veto the bill causing more chaos and confusion.
Dems are so easily confused.
What IS working? Nothing.
Well Senators u know so much about foreign relations you put pressure on China and others. Sound alright. I would veto the bill. @potus @vp
I know crying chuck you want to go back to lead from behind.
Actually @POTUS needs to resign.
Not
The only thing u ever agree on is when someone disagrees with the President that's how cooperating dog dem style
When is the so-called president going to sign this bill. I mean he told us his penis in hand.
Obama plan for north Korea 2.0??
The current President isn't working.
Really? You would know about all the work he does if you stopped listening to liberal news.
You do realize Russia & NK are likely working together on this.
Not likely nk and Russia are and have been enemies for decade's! China has always backed nk!
Except have you noticed how closely tied activity from Russia & NK that is designed to get US to react has been lately esp since we have 1/
a highly reactionary President mostly in his rhetoric. Can't count on things changing. 2/
