Former FBI Director James Comey said he was never told to stop an investigation due to political reasons.. http://infowars.com/breaking-comey  #infowars
Are you gonna stamp your feet and act like a spoiled 2 year old... Probably
please resign now
You are always discussing the past. Don't you think it's time to move forward?

Wow the President just scored 2 more points. MSM 0,  Dems 0, president 136. Knock knock any brains in there? Hello hello. Fake News :)

well here's some news....
Looks like Putin sticking up for Trump yet again...
Amazing, Russia has transcripts, and US press was not permitted in the meeting
Pathetic democrap.  Shame on you and your evil party.  Hypocrites all.
Why would anyone watch when even the mentally disabled can guess what you're going to say?!
Do you do anything except stand at the podium and talk non-sense, get to work,  fix the damn healthcare mess you dumbocrats created!
Chucky please announce your resignation which would help AMERICA tremendously
Mr Schumer. More talk. Get the facts instead of false accusations.
#sethrich
Should take you about 2 seconds since you've done nothing !!  Chuckles tells us " I lied about Trump "
thank you Senator Schumer. We need you more now than ever. Please help stop dangerous Donald

Going to work? Here's a pic of ur best efforts. Sleep while u assist in US burning. Stay asleep, Sen.
@SenSchumer
Who cares what you have to say all lies anyway
thank you for ensuring Trumps re-election
Do you do anything except stand at the podium and talk non-sense, get to work,  fix the damn healthcare mess you dumbocrats created! POS!
Nothing to discuss start impeachment now
Please - no business as usual. Shut it down. Independent prosecutor. Impeachment. TY.
Blah blah blah
Go get em Mr Schumer-we are all counting on your leadership and clear thinking
@NancyPelosi over playing your hand often leads to folding your cards
Your confusing Comey with 2 unnamed sources. The memo was read to the reporter over the phone yet to be seen. A sliver of evidence please.
more Chuckles bull shit.
Senator, let's start a conversation of how we can help so many Americans get access to medical care without a huge cost.
More lying to all as is the way Dems plan to take control of the US. Need more Muslims to kill gays and control women & get rid of Trump
Waste of time by a waste of a senator
You're going to the floor to chew the fat with your cronies.  Strategies of resistance. No faith in you!

Slackers....
Exactly what we need from our senator, more damn discussion. How about doing work like the people you represent? Do ur job!
Make sure you bring this up. Thanks -
Big boy liar!!!
@Marco15Trump What's up chuck?  How was your meeting last evening?
@SenSchumer  his evening was scheming how to stir up more bullshit! #sailing2 u2
Please try to discuss something that helps Americans with Jobs, taxes and the economy!!
Thank you senator! Good luck. Godspeed
U r liberal propaganda. 
Wake up people there is a war being waged against US citizens by the dishonest liberal media and liberal Elite.
How about u do some work for a change?  You are either part of the solution, or part of the problem. Since election, u have been the problem

Save everyone some time: "Impeach Trump, Special Prosecutor, RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA! No facts but trust me!"
No #ThankYou.  In the rare occasion, we pay for #fiction at the #BoxOffice.

#AmericaFirst
Chucky why not head to bed your useless
I'd rather eat a box of thumb tacks.
Go get him Schumer! Make America Great AGIAN!
Head on in to spin and obstruct...that's all u got. Ur a disgrace to America, maybe you could shed some more fake crocodile tears you sissy.
Did you get your daily intelligence briefing from @nytimes ? Obviously the Govt intel isn't good.
You mean your distorted view of events based on fake news and as seen through your anti-Trump, anti-American lenses.
Taxes healthcare jobs immigration do your job
Would rather hit my thumb with a hammer, repeatedly.
What did he mean you jack ass ?
I have a question for you Chuck .What did Obama mean when he told the Russian president he'd have more flexibility after the 2012 Election?
You, my man need a little more of what's overeally head in the chamber, "In God we Trust".
Its time to start using words like impeachment and treason. Not moving fast enough. Get on with it before Russia owns us!!!!!

LATEST: Russia's Putin says he can give record of Trump and Lavrov conversation to U.S. congress and senate http://reut.rs/2reyeFv  

Sen. Susan Collins: "The idea that we would accept any evidence from President Putin is absurd" 
You mean health care and tax reform boarder security north Korea missile tests infrastructure deal  new fbi director And #termlimits ?
FAKE BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH
THANK YOU SENATOR!! I hope your words don't fall on deaf ears!! We need more like you! Beautifully presented!!
Even his wife is tired of listening to him rant. He's done nothing for anyone and it's time for #termlimits
Don't forget your kleenex
Thank you Senator Schumer
We know what has occurred last two weeks & before that...Piece of  @SenSchumer wants to rehash Fake News while doing NOTHING to help MAGA!
Impeach Trump
Where is Democrat outrage/demands for investigation into 'anonymous sources" release of national security information. Democrat obstruction?
Amazing Comey was such a great note taker but failed to take notes during Clinton interview!
Well ... got me there - Comey
I'd rather get a root canal
Keep up the pressure, Chuck. Thank you!
Excellent! We're so grateful for you.
Not a word chuckie?  Make this go viral DNC now involved in Class Action Law Suit  No report by MSM
You sir are a disgrace to our country, you should be impeached
Americans are tired of politicians on Capitol Hill "discussing & being disappointed" by Trump. ACT! = Independent Counsel
To find what and who exactly. It could be Schumer himself and even he wouldn't believe there is no evidence of any crimes!
Please work on legislation
You need to be heading out the door! Permanently
#History will watch, #Live #Schmuck #CumLaude  !
So u can spew more lies an fake news
Liars. Obstructionists. Doin everything and anything to try n ruin Trump! Face the facts Schumer u lost the election. Ppl are tired of you
Good luck Sir. We're all exhausted  by this Clown and his sycophantic administration.  The madness of King Donald the First must end.

no thanks..
Don't be wimps push all the way for Impeachment. (and Pence, what did he know?)
A note from Comey to Trump
I wonder where his Hillary notes are.. good read I bet...
Why is this guy still here?
