Are you a gambler Chuck? well I wager you're going to see the inside of a prison cell?
It's amazing people can't even tell u are not for this country
schumer how does it feel in NY they are gonna give a terrorist a hero today.. no doubt schumer supports this though he cant make it.
Chuck: Did ya catch the horse that also ran  in the Jaipur Stakes? Named after you? "Stormy Liberal"! Keep fighting the good fight, brother.
I guess we should waste more tax payer money on global warming #makes me sick
Shut down the senate until the GOP healthcare hearings are bipartisan and on C-Span! That's where the real horse manure is being dropped
Are you into organized crime now? Whoops, I forgot the Democratic party.
At least you have a horse that won. It had to work, though.
The Senate and the Koch brothers are about to repeal the ACA.If they do many people will die and many more will suffer.We can't let it happe
Nothing to see here
How was obamacare passed, dems pushed it through and nobody knew what it said.
If you would just work withe the president you would find out that this is what the people want your hurting our country shame on you.
Did you jump into the winners circle for your photo op?
Winning is not something you know about Chucky schmuck Schumer
Those are other people winning. You're still losing
New champion at Belmont! Congrats on good breeding, TL care, hard skilful training, & perseverence.. No handouts.. Sounds like a republican!
I really enjoyed seeing your pic with #Soros son.  How much $$ were you promised? Just wondering.
Chuckle why dont U go into the muslim no go zones in the Bronx and Brooklyn  and hang out.  Tell them how u bring in muslim rapists.
You owe America an apology
How was your date with Soros son on Friday Chucky boy. Did he come up w new ideas how to obstruct our POTUS. I bet he did. You are a snake 
Schumer you got your independent investigation so why do Democrats need to keep doing it ALSO The former head of the FBI will find ALOT more
Schumer has accused several GOP members of different things & found Nothing but by doing this the Dems have not done NOTHING for the people
Yes at least for a few min it kept you from trying to obstruct the GOP any way possible grow up & get over losing Trump Won
Georgie's son give you some more big bucks yesterday chuck?
You  when they won Schumer   obstructing all the time the American people's dreams all ways complaining and never give a solutions for us
You suck
Nobody cares what you have to say
Want to hear your comments on 

Shakespeare in the park (in your city) depicts killing POTUS.
What the hell, Chuck-Healthcare is more important-what are you doing?? Get on TV-GOP using 50 vote rule-again. People no nothing about bill!
Executing a sitting American President? Disgusting! Everyone pls #BoycottAmericanExpress #bankofamerica #DeltaAirlines #shakespeareinthepark
How was lunch with Soros Jr? How come your not talking about that?
Finally something positive from Chuck
TRUMP is your president for the next 16 years suck it up #MAGA
I really liked when  comey admitted that trump is clean of any crime and yet you keep on crying haha trump got you not once and he'll stay
Ya keep on talking about winning in sports but in politics you dems are buncha losers haha suck it up Trump keeps on winning every day
And another one, folks.  Gets facts and memorized from rt wing news lies
President Trump loves winning!  Isaiah 54:17 NO WEAPON formed against President Trump shall prosper! America stands w/President Trump!
Democrats really hate the American workers
Middle class out of work for climate . To make cars more efficient . Did I mention taxpayer funded technology .
Ho ho ho man did u screw up with comey huh? Dude ur@party has zero credibility. Why would u lie for so long?
Funny thing is China doesn't sell cars here, that going to be a big sound bite for 2018,2020 when adds go out ,you out American
Jerry brown sharing taxpayer technology with china . This is going to out out the automakers ,the American ones out of business
Elmomt?

Winning is probably new to you Chuck.  What conspiracy you gonna come up with

GOP was involved in amendment making on the ACA. Don't cry & whine when you are bankrupt paying bills for a loved one.

Go away Chuckie.  You are not important.  Who cares what you say!
Hey Chuck,
Are you going to wash out the mouth of your partner in Judicial Crime.
Man, look at all the sad little Trumpites on here. SMDH. Nothing better to do, I guess.
@HouseDemocrats Comey Says He Was Directed by Former AG Lynch Not to Call Hillary Email Probe an 'Investigation'
Amazing to see so many triggered trumpkins here. 
Another one-just like the other one.
What about those jobs Chuck?!? Southern Tier NEEDS blue collar industrial jobs!!!
Especially when it's @POTUS winning!! Right here at home is the USA!!! Congrats Donald J Tump #MAGA
Isaiah 54:17 NO WEAPON formed against President Trump shall prosper. America stands w/President Trump!  7+more yrs of 2 scoops of icecream!
Blah, meanwhile shech is ta shoot of 1800, hard at Mexicans???
How about winning for us the American people. Taxes healthcare jobs immigration stop the obstruction
I love you guys (Dems)From the only Women to win the Belmont. My hats off to you CS. Racing kudos
Explain to me why you misled me, a #NY resident, about @POTUS not being under investigation when you knew it all along.
What a Beauty! What a Winner!
Oh, oh! Coumo's favorite hang out- #BelmontStakes! Party time at the farm huh? #Schumer
All I can say, I have compassion, and feel truly sorry for you Nicole.  Go in Piece. (If you can find it)
Oh your a gambler chuck? Probably why you hate Trump, you were betting on Hillary huh?
Chuck..... your not fighting anything today ??? Be careful.... your looking like an American. 
They're ramming down a right wing agenda!! DO SOMETHING!!
Hanging out with the Soros family again?
Can you guys actually get any dirt on the Russia-thing? This whole flop pretty much killed my next movie.
President Trump's the most powerful and popular President ever! Isaiah 54:17 NO WEAPON formed against President Trump shall prosper!
U bet the americans money u steal
Great finish!
Good Saturday, Sen.Chuck Schumer of New York
Am I alone in thinking Trump looks a bit like a jockey?
Trump got you all by the balls haha he's your president for the next 16 years suck it up
Hillary Clinton is an embarrassment to the Democratic Party.
Matthew 7:7
“Ask, and it will be given to you; seek, and you will find; knock, and it will be opened to you.
