What is it they refuse to understand? People don't want the crap they're peddling. THE PEOPLE have spoken loudly and repeatedly.
You are correct, the people spoke, by electing the President, Senate, House, majority of Governerships and state legislations
Actually, THE PEOPLE did not vote for 45. He was installed by an antiquated system that makes some votes worth more than others.
Antiquated? As in the Constitution? You must live in either California or NY
Antiquated as in the EC was established in part to ensure the uneducated people would not choose some unqualified boob. It was a failsafe.
I’m confident in my educational resume. Why is it so hard for you to accept results? Trump won and the Republicans won in historic fashion.
Never meant to imply I don't accept the results. I've little interest in partisanship. I find this particular man totally inept & dangerous.
PLEASE GOOD LORD-MAKE IT ALL STOP & PUT OBAMA BACK IN THE WH.
Nope
If this was the only plan and republicans had to take this coverage they would reject it. Just stop trying
You're the monster!  You KNOW MILLIONS MORE NOW WITHOUT INSURANCE BECAUSE OF OBAMACARE!  AND MILLIONS LOST THEIR DOCTORS BECAUSE OF IT TOO!
The reason is because #GOP did not back financially back #ACA. Our common enemy is @freedomcaucus who has stopped #America  #POTUS 4 yrs!
Let's work together!!! I would like to unite with #Republicans that want to fix #Healthcare. My daughter is on #Obamacare.
Her cardiologist is not covered. She has a heart defect and will need surgery at some point. A "melody valve".
My daughter was born with same defect as #jimmykimmelbaby. She is 26 and fell off our insurance this yr. She is trying so hard. Unite!
Like Obummercare is any better? Smh
KOCH BROS BRIBE GOP-400M to cut ACA for tax cuts. @CNN @Maddow
https://amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/26/koch-network-piggy-banks-closed-republicans-healthcare-tax-reform …
Pay the man his #Koch cash. #GrahamCassidyBill
How about if we stop Trump, D  altogether as President, as impeachment?
Never going to happen.
Really you pushed obamacare, and that's a disaster,  bleeding people dry.
Call or do this:
Chuck.. quit lying.. rates just went up 52% in Denver.. enough of this shit.. repeal it
Thank you, Senator. 10968.
Shut up Chuck.
as long as Trump is getting his rocks off, feeling all over men, nothing will get done. They are too obsessed with sex!
Kill the bill = save Americans!
DNC keeps pelosi & schumer, who have no leadership what so ever. 
Boycott Dem party until they are gone!

you have a man that doesn't have his name on the health care what do you want from a narcissistic #jealoustrump he's racist and hates Obama!
Stop Trump care
Kill all Rep Bill sabotaging killing repealing ACA

No ACA Repeal.

Impeach Trump Pence Dump all GOP Reps voting ACA repeal
Trump thinks of Trump!We are all not rich
Crooked Chuck
#KillGrahamCassidyBill before it KILLS YOU
#TheResistanceTools to contact #RepresentativesSenators and ask them to #VoteNo on #GrahamCassidyBill
oh chuck you need to retire.
Stop Schumer he's a scum bag
If you want anything done in Congress, fire the Democrats and Chuck Schumer. They've already wasted $90,000,000 in salaries pouting...
Hey Schmuck watch your idea about Healthcare? What plan do you have? It's time for you to resign you are a poor excuse for a senator.
Why whine whn it keeps 99%of your failed Ocare.WE OPPOSE IT!#MAGA #DTS #teaparty
#KillTheBill #NoTrumpcare ##SaveACA #ImpeachTrump
Obamacare is the Frankstein monster. And so are you Schmuckie. Get lost you troublemaker. #DrainTheSwamp
Graham and Cassidy should be ashamed of themselves.
Keep close tabs on McCain-Collins-Lee and few others   U know who they r.
Chuckles they let you have a feel good moment
Call your senator at 202-225-3121 and leave a recorded message.
GOP is really MAD about Dem deal with trump. Trouble is their retribution won't hurt you guys. Only PUNISHES constituents. SAD DIRTY SHAME
That's what we said about Bill Clinton. He just kept coming back. That Frankenstein Monster !!! Ask his victims!


TY for hanging them out on the line, Senator.
Please pass this on. No parent should have to consider this. https://www.cancer.org/treatment/children-and-cancer/when-your-child-has-cancer/financial-insurance-issues.html …
I heard a guy at work TOTALLY claim he would be safe from any effects of the bill. GET THE WORD OUT. IT WILL AFFECT PREMIUMS. PERIOD.
That guy is uninformed if he truly believes replacing the ACA with the GOP bill won't affect him.
Yep, I think lots of Americans are doing the same thing right now. Even though they are mistaken, why don't they care about other people?
Only hope GOP Senators votes for people and not their 7 year effort to replace ACA so many will be hurt  !!
It isn't Trump care it is Trump kill!
Schumer U and Pelosi gave Trump credibility by meeting w/ him. This makes it possibke for him to get Trumpnocare billkcsú
Nothing can give trump credibility. Does he even know about this horrible bill?
Stop the Democrat Party
Why do Sens. Graham, Cassidy, and the rest of the @GOP hate the American people so much? #GrahamCassidy #ProtectOurCare
Whatever happened to "regular order"?? Thank you Sen Schumer for fighting this hard. Healthcare should be a right not a privilege.
If Obamacare so good why don't you have it why did y'all pass a bill so you didn't have to take it. Your crook hurting America
We want the same Healthcare you get. You should have the same care as the people. You're such a hypocrite. Pass the bill
Likes yours did 7 years ago.Crushed middle-class and killed growth w 67% rate increases. Unbelievable!
"Their crafting it in the middle of the night .." -- yeah I remember when Schumer and Pelosi did that with Obamacare !!#RepealAndReplace
How about putting the CAPITOL SWITCHBOARD phone number in the graphic? Let's make it as easy as possible for Americans to call!
202-224-3121
Single Payer isn't pie in the sky. It's the only viable solution to a bail out of the insurance industry.
http://landwheremyfatherdied.blogspot.com/2017/07/obamacare-is-failure-no-republicans.html …
You could always, oh I don't know, fight Trumpcare AND push for Medicare for all
Stop Trumpcare right NOW!!
You would get more support if you advocated for Universal Healthcare. How do you think families of those left behind by ACA feel?
gop is doing something the dems will never do with trumpcare is the will of the amiercan people
Obviously, you,be forgotten what Nancy Pelosi said about passing health care.  Get out of the way of the will of Americans!
At least they are trying to do something instead of just sitting by and watching the ACA drown us in debt.
You idoits started this by getting fed govt involved in healthcare and subsidies..WTF did you expect?
You are still jawboning.  Do something productive. Give up Senate/Congress exemption to ACA .(OPM rule 78 Fed. Reg. 60653-01) CC  @POTUS
And we know where the brains behind it came from.
Nothing is worse then ur beloved obama care that u never read 2 this day it has cost citizens $bil has failed did nothing 4 working citizens
Nothing could be worse then your Obama Care you came up with! People need to vote you worthless Democrats out! One big mess for 8 yrs!
No Chuck you are the vampire sucking the blood of taxpayers for years and not doing a damn thing to help!
Chuck we need health reform ,, fees are killing us .. Help!!!
Funny.  Rand Paul calls it Obamacare Lite.  Why would you oppose it?
Chuck, if it's that bad make sure it's VOTED DOWN! Use all your charm and favors. Cajole, threaten, whatever. If this passes I will die.

Chuck please refrain for say unkind things about your President it makes me sick
Senator, if this bill passes the Senate, then please give zero consideration to ANY hurricane recovery bill for TX & FL.
Stop complaining and fix it.
You are a Fool, Chuck U Schumer, would love to see U out of NY and out of this country
#SaveACA 
#SaveACA 
#SaveACA ..
#SaveACA 
#SaveACA 
#SaveACA .
#SaveACA 
#SaveACA 
#SaveACA 
#SaveACA 
#SaveACA 
#SaveACA.
#SaveACA
Because Democrats don't have a counter punch!
Worse for you chucky, your party is losing it ability to enslave America's citizens to your style of socialized medicine.
@GOP has become the #PartyOfHate
Damn straight

This is a two tier thread now !  What healthcare does, doesn't and what if Cassidy Graham ... https://twitter.com/pierremwest/status/910012341458276352 …
You mean Feinstein?
Can't trust them Republicans, especially Don the Con.
When you think they're working with you, they have triple working Against you.
Stop the BS Chuck! You don't give a sh*t about taxpayers or their healthcare. Obstructionist!!!
Then DO something! Why haven't u been in TV/media? Why were u dancing w/Sanders instead of telling citizens what Graham was up to?
This has nothing in it regarding the Jimmy Kimmel bill and the Slippery Senator promised it to Jimmy saying
this was a slippery slope 
Take healthcare from working poor, disabled Vets, Seniors and children during disasters- vote no - stop the soulless GOP.  Stabilize ACA.
Why is that? Maybe new & improved ACA? No offense, but Dems must grow a pair; play a bit dirty, just shy of R style. No small feat. Think .
Vote no.
I say Fuck Trump Care

Stop all illegitimate GOP Bills

Russia interfered changed vote count

We are Resistance 

No 5th Column, Never
It goes to show you that republicans are not to be trusted. Republicans are showing there true colors and we must believe them. Snakes.
@senrobportman counting on you to not let this monster consume our healthcare. #VoteNo #GrahamCassidyBill
I say let it burn to the ground and keep your paws off my Taxes.
"somehow"??  Wouldn't that "somehow" be your job to uncover??
What part don't you like?
Chuck: Please make it stop. You're an influential fellow. Use that influence. Cheers!
Exactly!
Please put more info out. Nobody understands what is in the bill. Asking people to resist with no direction is futile as folks are exhausted
#KillTheBill

Welcome to the swamp answering system that could careless about there VM
These guys are heartless
Yeah, l think the way to go is to vote the same insurance plan for the citizens as the gold plan you voted for yourselves. Good Idea?
Well @SenSchumer because it's more like Pet Sematary than Frankenstein. It was their beloved pet they keep burying in cursed land.
When are you going to start thinking and caring about Americans Chuck
Stop complaining and come up with something better #sosickofhearingexcuses
I'm wondering why the 100 senators cannot isolate themselves to jointly define a real solution & present a bill to @POTUS. #GetItDoneSenate
@SenateGOP @SenateDems 
Graham-Cassidy is not a valid solution. Pre-existing condition penalties obscene!
#stopwiththetrumpkoolaid
#GrahamCassidy is not a solution at all. It's punitive monstrosity driven by greed and politics. It hurts millions and helps only the 1%
And it's more and more harmful to women
Get your Trumpcare...everyone come and get your Trumpcare!
Counting on YOU, Chuck, and @SenGillibrand, to stop these incompetents from destroying health care in this country!
You people are IDIOTS it's already destroyed thanks to Obama & the Democrats party!
Another lying corrupt politician pretending he cares about something other then his bank Account! #sequestration
WELL FIX IT!  GET OFF YOUR ASS AND DO SOMETHING OTHER THAN CRITICIZE ANY IDEA!
We're scared! An older couple doing well on Obamacare. Please don't let these people take away our insurance. Thanks for all the hard work.
Glad your are doing well!  I'm getting tired of carrying you on my back. What happens to you when I break?
Let me remind you. So you hated Obamacare in 2010 what is it fix it then flip flipper
#Deathcare.  Not Trumpcare!!

Here's a thought for you chuckles. Keep Obummer's ACA and be responsible for killing people. You're a very sad man.
just kill obamacare please
Kill the trojan.
@SenatorCollins Who are the GOP senators who will vote NO? This bill is worse, so where do the last NO voters stand?
Kill the bill...not the people
So offer an alternative that YOU are forced to pay premiums on.....then pigs will fly; its all about your fiefdoms in DC
whatever it takes - stop that bill
were you not to blame on the original cluster from obamacare there chucky???
Starting to worry a little there schumey ? People are waking up to the tricks of your pitiful party . Your days in Washington are numbered
Hey chucky Nancy is being treated the way your party's been treating Trump. Looks like she doesn't like it and needs help #maga
Chuckie-Cheeze"
Stick to what you do best...
searching for and finding cameras for your blusterful bloviations!!
Does this mean you will sign up for Obummer care.

#Deathcare

Millions have already lost coverage, Medicaid is in serious default, pay for your own healthcare unless your legal and poor.



What is this resist anyway? Is it suppose to be an angry drain group
But gee whiz Chuckee, Trump LIKES you! Can't you sidle up next to him and get him to tell his GOP minions to knock this shit off FFS?!
i'm so glad you're my senator! thank you for doing the right thing!
Obamacare is the one bankrupting the middle class.
No kill Obomacare
Stop Killing choice in Healthcare
Don't you mean Obamacare!! There is Trump Care. You moron !!!
Why are you surprised? The goal is tax cuts fot the rich and destroying Obama's legacy. They will never, ever stop.
Only way to stop in coming back is REGISTER THEN VOTE to remove GOP most of whom just do as they're told.
Just get to work and stop lying!
Good reason to back single payer instead of continuing to push corporate profit taking healthcare like the ACA.
Republicans behave more like Dracula. You pull the stake out of their heart and they come back to suck the life's blood from our healthcare.
it needs at least a major overhaul, and the GOP needs a workable solution, and the Dems need to be open to it.

It's statecare, each state gets the money to run their own health system
Why don't we do Medicare for all? That's what Americans want
You should be asking the majority leader, Mitch McConnell.  Until 2018, Dem's do not control the agenda.
I'm asking Schumer. After all Mitch isn't gonna be majority leader for ever
Good to ask now I suppose as long as expectations are reasonable I suppose. 
I expect Schumer to back Medicare for all. Health care is a right.
Why don't you try getting on board and helping to negotiate a better plan if you got one. Be part of the solution not the problem

Yep i thought you looked like Frankenstein
So say "The Republicans want to take your health insurance."  That is what you lead with and keep saying it over and over.
It gets worse because the people behind it are straight up evil.
What's Trumpcare Chuckles?  Did you make that up all by yourself??  Ah, that's so cute!!
I heard you're paid 134,000 a year by insurance companies to not go with Medicare for all!?
Chuckle boy.  Dems did nothing the last 4 years.  Now you will do nothing for this admin.  What a waste of our money.  Yes.  Our money.
the sky is falling the sky is falling. Geez man you're way too dramatic, how can people take you seriously?
I'm confused by McCain. Didn't he make a speech wanting Senate go back to regular order? This bill is completely out of order. 
Do something!
Now Hiring:  Mobile Euthanasia Unit, looking for results driven people with "Can do" attitude.  Must have van and be willing to travel.
When will this end!
So after this they will be 0-58 in appeal attempts.
Hey let's pass it so we can find out what's in it.
The #GOP has no humane bone in their bodies.
 the sky is falling, there killing us with there words.
You must be talking about ACA or Obama Care tragedy.
What about citizens affected by hurricanes? Are they even aware of this sham by @GOP  ?
That's true! Millions of us affected by storms yet GOP busy harming healthcare. Incredible.
OBSTRUCTIONIST!!!
Interpretation instead of worse Chucky means more people are going to become independent and not dependent on the federal government.
You are to stop military base in Israel immediately
That is how many feel about the ACA. Wild idea, do your damn job, and reach across the isle. Stop letting ur hatred of Trump get in the way
ACA has hurt small business, jacked premiums up 116% for some, and is unaffordable to many. 70+amendments, still not rolled out 100%
Does my post say take it away? No, read it. It says work across the damn isle, and do your fucking job. Make it work
