Supreme Court is supposed to interpret the law, not be judicial advocates which is what Dems want
Interpretation happens when the law can be construed multiple ways. Gorsuch tends to interpret in a way that benefits corporations.
Yea, Ok Wat Ever
NO LIFETIME APPOINTMENT UNTIL #TrumpRussia Is FULLY INVESTIGATED & TRIED
THEN MOVE FORWARD
EVEN IF NOMINEE WAS JESUS CHRIST HIMSELF
JustWait
Ha ha ha.., NO RUSSIA YET, HUM JUS HOW LONG WILL THIS TAKE??
It going to take a while since about half of the GOP now work for Putin and hate America.
OK EVERONE, ESP.
 My fallowers I’ve Been Gone for a Yr. Costa Rica is so much more Fun... @ least there our POTUS  is very well liked
your mood did not shift. Your mood had nothing to do with the nominee but rather with the on that nominated.
PLEASE try to make one positive unbiased non-political statement. I know it's hard, but you can do it.
Please stop the misinformation. He responded the way all nominees reply, avoiding possible future conflict when deciding cases. #termlimits
Come on. We know better. And we're on your side. Be honest with the people or you are the same as the GOP. This was always going to happen.
U mean Like  " At This Point Wat Difference Does It Make"
And all of those who are fighting Trump so bad are the corrupt ones and you are very concerned about getting exposed
Ignorance from you, schumer
This is baloney - you guys had decided to not support Gorsuch "just because" Pres Trump and there is no honor in this type of governing.
Two words: Merrick Garland. Just because Obama.
Idiot
You lose

more lies from the Dems, anyone who watched the hearings know it's just more lies by Schumer..
please respond if you want me to have sympathy. I don't expect it as you never respond.
We're not listening...
...from pretend upset to really really pretend upset.
I guess it's gonna be "Supreme Court Justice" "Nuclear Neil". SAD! Stollen seat & change the rules to approval?!
So you want him to make judgments before hearing cases, that's a terrifying thought
Your "colleagues" asked him to prejudge cases he might be called upon to hear! Go buy a clue, Chuckie.
Your a fool Mr schumer. I'm embarrassed your my representative.
Ruling on Constitutional basis "judicial platitudes" & "practiced evasions" to Sen. Schumer. Disturbing from one that took oath to defend it
That is exactly why you don't want that judge in there he cannot be bought and paid for and you don't like it
Term limits?
We agree
No he didn't. But you were never honest from the beginning Mr Schumer. Just as @SenWarren hasn't been. Lying is the @DNC way. Ask Susan Rice

Gee so is over 80% of congress, most of which is the @dnc. But I have more faith in Trump
So Chuckie you are mad because the Republicans used a process that Democrats started.  Got it.
You had no idea on how to counter a man who has more honor and morality that all democrats combined. Face it Schumer Democrat party failed
you sir should be ashamed in your actions. Did you have the same conviction in years past. Note that you have confirmed him.
Over the course of excessive hearing Lib DEM LAWYERS couldn't find a reason that Gorsuch wasn't worthy of serving as SCJ! ONLY LYING DEMS!
But no worries Trump is doing just what we've asked him to do get the dog shit out of Washington DC oh yes you qualifies dogshit
Didn't your mother ever tell u that 2 wrong's don't make it right? I'm an independent & voted 5x both ways & I find Dem. childish, whining
Childish, to oppose an illegitimate president's effort to appoint a radical judge to a lifetime position in our highest court?
HE WAS CONDESCENDING AND DISGRACEFULLY INAPPROPRIATE.  NOW HE IS GOING TO BE A SUPREME COURT JUSTICE.  OUTRAGEOUS.
I'm glad you saw through his Schtick - Patrick Leahy had a great statement on Gorsuch testimony.
Schumer, it's called tit for tat....your buddy Harry Reid started this entire process...too bad u didn't rise above it
So he followed the Ginsburg Rule...ok. Noted.
Yeh, that was it. #fakenews
Wrong vote fool
He was limited by his Oath of Office! I know you don't have that problem, but really?
Blah blah blah
NOBODY FUCKING CARES WHAT YOU THINK
Answered all your questions.  U tried to orchestrate a childish game of gotcha. He was too smart for your game. So now u want to smear him.
BS! You're such a liar! What a surprise...
Shifted? That's a joke.  U guys always meant to block! #retirechuck #MNYGA
Reveal how he would vote on the issue. He also didn't promise to overrun Hobby Lobby, a clear violation of the religious protections in the
Constitution which trumps Obamacare as the Supreme law of the land....
You are a liar!!! Gorsuch was/is okay. and you know it.   You are a bad for the US and bad for NY.
Well, you are the expert on evading questions and stating meaningless platitudes. And the mood of your caucus never shifted, was always "no"
Boloney
the judge followed the constitution - why are you upset over that?  Isn't that what judges are supposed to do? Y do U hate the constitution?
Judas Priest Senator your mind was carved in stone before he was nominated. Stop the cowardice and own your assinine behavior.
Your ability to lie so easily is disturbing.
Oh please. The "mood of the caucus" was always pander to the far Left, raise $, and filibuster. Stop lying Senator.
No one is listening to your partisan drivel
BULL
We were watching.  He did no such thing.
If by open minds you mean empty shells, then yes, y'all had open minds.
This tweet is a bold face Lie Chuckie. The Dems promised to block any Republican candidate even before Trump was elected
And now you've forced the senate to shift the number of votes for a Supreme Court nominee.
Gorsuch showed what inept, impotent clowns you Democrats are. Your party is vanquished, bested, relegated to coastal irrelevance
Really, did you listen to Gorsuch's answers to your(ALLDems)questions? Two wrongs don't make it right, grow up, you work for us
Thank you Chuck RBG next . Talk about a sprinting to the knife strategy
The country can wait to fill the empty SCOTUS  position until after the next president is elected
He is an arrogant elitist and a radical.  #NoOnGorsuch
radical?  Lol! I have news for you, he's approved.
Really, is still block all that has anything to do with Trump is your motto
#MAGA vote for Gorsuch!!!
YOU PICKED AND CHOSE. SPUN THE RECORDS AS USUAL CHUCKIE. SPEW HATE INSTEAD
Sen Schumer facts are dems and reps broke the Senate long ago Neither Senate or House govern just line your pockets dont rep voters at all
Pants on fire Chuckie!!!!!
Did you mention being overturned by the Supreme Court while his hearing was going on?
There was no shift!!!!   Liar, it was a NO on Gorsuch from day 1
Retire. Uncooperative person
Did you mention plagiarism?
Thank you Sen Schumer&Dems! I actually watched hrs of the hearing-listened to his answers. Evasive&clever. #StopGorsuch
Yeah right...
he did evade you ask how he would rule on current cases.
Stop trying to postpone revote...Won't happen.. Gorsuch WILL be in
The congress needs to stop changing the laws to accommodate their agendas. This will not be forgotten on election day. A Disgrace
right, just like the mainstream media said the Republicans would lose if they shut down the government
thanks to Democrat Harry Ried for inventions and allowing the nuclear option.
Your "caucus" is a bunch of disrespectful, close-minded partisan hacks with nothing to offer to the American people but hate.
Listen, when u can prove ur not a paid puppet, maybe someone might listen...otherwise, woe to you
he did evade you ask how he would rule on current cases
More left. Your all cooked

Ur a liar. We all know ur plan is to obstruct Trumps every move. U excuses and explanations are bullshit. U know it & so does everyone else
IMPEACH INCARCERATE ALL. NOW. HAVE MANY CAUSES  NO AMENESTY,  NO PLEA , PRISON FOREVER FOR ALL TREASON CORRUPTION RIGGED ALL.
STOP ALL DEPORTATIONS ICE RAIDS ARRESTS EVEN IN PRISON DON'T DEPORT ANYONE HURTS KIDS WIVES OLD SICK DISABLED PARENTS CRYING
He will be a tragedy for our country; at least it will be remembered we tried to stop it
From the Democratic play book for the liberal "mainstream" nominees. Poison pill dems with Gorsuch.
"Golly gosh", "Gee wiz", "Goodness gracious"
 He basically filibustered his own hearing.
We are looking to speak to you privately bout your constant consistent Marxist lying.
And you have show that yo dont give a dam ABOUT AMERICAN PEOPLE. Pulling a visa for A SEX OFFENDER
budget solution: defund @usps take those billions for education & healthcare!! #defundUSPS
Thank Harry Reid. Your gift of the nuclear option will help undue the damage cause by Obama, Progressives, Socialist and Democrats.
TY 4 fighting against the @GOP corruption, 45 supporters have no idea they R being played, so ty 4 fighting 2 keeping out this corrupt judge
How unpatriotic can you get? I can't wait until they use the nuclear option on this, and the next appointment...enjoy.
So what you are saying is that Judge Gorsuch does the same thing that you do every day in the Senate............
Nuclear option
You're a #hypocrite. You had a different tone on a majority vote not more than a few years ago.
Dems making huge mistake
Schumer Wall - The mood of your caucus shifted to ANTI TRUMP TEMPER TANTRUM - if the Democratics can't have it , nobody can!!
We're behind you, Senator!  Keep doing the right thing for America!
Wrong!!!
Agreed Gorsuch should not be confirmed.  Oppose it with all you've got.  But please don't lecture about platitudes.  Glass House.
Strong 
Lie lie ur hypocrite rhetoric it's sickening , u will loose ,u n the Dems read it n weep next Supreme Court judge Gorsuch
Seems funny he was confirmed unanimously last time he was up for a position your nothing more than a waste of time and money for the people
As it should have. Gorsuch revealed himself through his rulings & "practiced evasions." He defeated himself w Dems, didn't care.
Gorsuch will be approved. Suck it up buttercup
REMEMBER  WE THE PEOPLE CAN AND WILL VOTE THE LAST OF YOU DEMOCRATS OUT
It's Bullshit that @SenMajLeader  is Going 2 CHANGE th RULES Party over PPL #SICKING
This will come back to bite you in the ass!
change the nominee, not the rules. #NoGorsuch
Filibusted.....
stay strong Yankee - time reveals so much - the USA will never appreciate how much @DNC - prevented - their is no profit in prevention!
But you don't have the balls to face a man head to head none of you politicians do your scaredy cats
The mood of your caucus was always to obstruct after your CRIMINAL candidate lost the election. Thank God for that!
the mood shifted?  From what?  From never Gorsuch to never never Gorsuch?
STOP! No one believes you and your leftist friends anymore. You lie to our faces and practice this con like a street thug. Enough of you!
Don't worry you will be exposed soon God will expose you you forgot who God was didn't you the Alpha and the Omega
Very interested in your thought of PRESIDENT TRUMP being BEST President EVER...Will you cry again?
You're doing the right thing.
Harry Reid.
Thanks for your leadership. Stay strong today.
Bull shit Chuck U. He can't answer how he would rule on a case and you know it you liar.
These are YOUR rules we play by. You do not get to change them mid-game because you don't like the turn of the game.
#NuclearOption
#SCOTUS
If Trump appointed garland as his judge y'all would oppose him cause Trump nomaited him. You all r obstructionist


How many Dems would have opposed President Hillary's Goodwin Liu nom on disrepect to Garland argument?
NO on Gorsuch.
He was acting like a judge, not like one of those activists you like.  Imagine that.
Just quit your BS Chuck!
Should Senator @SenSchumer justify his jobs as senator, and do what is right, by confirming Judge Gorsuch? @mrmik1234 @Lg4Lg @chrispalmer
A lot of assumptions here. Gorsuch is not entitled to a SC seat. He's a plagiarist and an extremist.
Soros troll
Are you trying to convince yourself?
Why #SusanRice's Role In #Obama Spying Story Is A Big Deal. Because during #WWII Nazis did what Susan did. #Tatiana
no one cares u lost period .
Get nuked
You're a QUACK!
What does that mean?
Ok #Schumer you are asking for me. T is on line.
during this important vote you are tweeting. glad you are not my senator
TWO WRONGS DON'T MAKE A RIGHT!
