Blah blah blah
So what all did/is the Clinton Foundation do if Haiti still need to recover?
#SaveTPS
I should know better than to even look in repies. The trump trolls are thick, almost think they are Putin propaganda. Plants from Sputnik.
https://youtu.be/4PeO0SfCw5s  try watching this. I dare you
Why not tweet directly to the Clintons, or, to a fellow republican that may stand with you?
So you don't want to know? Then keep scrolling. I'm sorry I disturbed you with fact.
I'm not sure what "fact" you are referring too?
Didn't the Clinton foundation steal from Haiti?
Yes they did
How do you think Chelsea's wedding was paid for? Don't think I'd b wrong on this one
But,But Bill Built 100,000 houses&Produced Over 100,000 Jobs! #BillClinton #Panhandling for #Haiti,Shameless Greed!https://youtu.be/GHKcm19bKTU 
You guys suck at messaging. Call everything a scandal like GOP did #Trump Russia scandal
Recover from the Clintons? The money they made and stole!!
Clinton Foundation ring a bell?
Why so HRC & Bill can raid their money again !!
What happened to the money collected for Haiti by Bill Clinton and George HW Bush.  It was 2 go 2 Haiti
But I thought the Clinton Foundation poured MILLIONS into Haiti? Why aren't you investigating what happened to that money?
You r good @ wanting investigations. Why not Bill and Hillary.  They should b in jail
Ask the Clintons about Haiti and their method of recovery, just lined the Foundation with cash, no help for the vivtoms of the earthquake
Why not ask Bill and Hillary to cough up some cash. Let's say the cash they stole from Haitian Relief.
@SenSchumer you are incredible. And every time you open your mouth, you're even less credible.  We see you.
Blame Hillary for taking $ from Haiti 
Where's the Black Haiti Chelsea Administrator Killer Clinton FoundationOfDeath LiarHiilary RapistBillDaddyGrandPa? PayToPlaySchumer?
Senators it would be nice, if by some miracle you all would worry about the American people and their struggles.
@realDonaldTrump is @POTUS America is tired of the Democrats hindering confirmations & #russiagate crap-we wil vote-out more Democrats again
Tell Hillary to  hand over the money designated for Haiti.
Screw Haiti...we have veterans and homeless that need help here!
Do the displaced People from Haiti want to become US citizens? If they do and they are not criminals HELP them get citizenship status
BS
Just have the Clintons return the money they stole from Haiti
Tell hillary to pay them back
Get $$$ from Hilary.
Ask @HillaryClinton and the @ClintonFdn  clowns where all those millions are that were donated for Haiti but all never given to them 
Not if they are criminals , Tapachula Mexico complaining about the crime their illegals bring .
You're wasting your time they all have short term memory syndrome.
Did convicted felon Democrat Congresswoman Corrine Brown join you?
How about your buddy HRC and their foundation give the money to Haiti that they stole?!
AETNA screw Obamacare
Didn't Dems Blll & Hill Clinton steal all the donated money to Hati??? Hmmm  went to Clinton Cash Never 2 b seen again
I know! Let's give the cash to Hillary, she'll get it there.
This Cover Up Involving Loretta Lynch Just Got More Serious http://www.americanpatriotdaily.com/latest/cover-up-loretta-lynch/ …
Well then have the Clinton foundation send all that money they raised there.
in other words, time to continue to line yours and the Clinton's pockets again. #weknowwhatyoudid #ScamAlert #haitians #Liars #scumrun
U didn't care about what happened to Haiti for the last 8 yrs! Why now? Need votes!? Hypocrite!
WHY SO THE @HillaryClinton  @billclinton  can steel more money$$$$
Time to bring Chuck up on charges and have him expelled from the Senate
Just get the money that Hillary collected and never gave to the Haitian people.

Ewww!
Call Bill and Hillary. They collected millions and kept it. Oh wait...you don't care about REAL investigations into real felonious activity
Chuckles YOU will soon be the MOST destructive Senator in HISTORY! By filibustering ANYTHING..YOU will force the Nuclear Option for ALL acts
CAN YOU EXPLAIN WHY YOU THREATENED THE POTUS WITH THE CIA A FEW WEEKS BACK,ARE YOU SAYING THEY ARE IN CHARGE AND NOT TRUMP WAITING FOR RESPO
Haitian still want their money back from the Clinton Foundation
So the clintons can steal the money again?
Chucky your anti American you cut our country apart every time you open you mouth Americans need to start to voice it to him. He totally nut
Call the #ClintonFoundation you fool
You need to focus on Susan Rice and "Fat Cat Obama's lawlessness before it's too late???
You need to get the stolen money back from the @ClintonFdn  and give it to where it should have went to the Haitians Keep #protesting Haiti

Why don't you ask #CrookedHillary to return Money they Stole from Hati Relief Funds #saveTPS @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #TRUMP #PJNET #LIBERALS
Senators, I'm sorry you're getting trolled. Americans' top priority is getting those thieving scoundrels out of our gov't. Focus on that.
The Dems r already out of office. They stole billions of our $.
Traitor Chuck Schumer. What about the Clinton Foundation failure to give money they collected for Haiti to Haiti? Investigate crooked Chuck
Better get the cash back from Bill and Hillary
Get with the program... America first... Get back to work.  Taxes healthcare
You all the millions the Clinton's raised didn't get to them.  No surprise there
Maybe tell Hillary to give back all the money she took to "help" Haiti then robbed donors & Haitians!
be careful schumey. haiti wont be fooled again
Thank you!!
Haiti - Clintons abused ignored by Fems Dems liberals...
Years of waiting and Obama & Dems said was being taken care of and all was good. So what going on? None of you doing your job
Thank you
MAKE CLINTONS PAY BACK THAT MONEY THEY STOLE!
hv to leave their home land,so why not fix their home land so thy can go back to their home
Words of wisdom: don't let the Clinton's anywhere near Haiti!
Preach! We Haitians do not stand with her
Nothing else but an independent investigation of Russia's intrusion into our government is important at the moment.
Do you think they will look at This?

what actions hv u taken against the Clinton's that stole #Haiti'S relief fund,that made them
When does it end Chucky?  Haitians have had 7 years.  Enough already the U.S. cannot support failing countries forever.
you're pathetic
Are they still suffering the effects of Hurricane Clinton?
All you do is lie Chuck.  Why would we listen to you?
