No matter how often you tweet it, it's still a stupid & uninspiring slogan @SenSchumer
3 what @MaxineWaters was doing & how effective she was doing it. Stop making campaign abt promises; make it abt what you are accomplishing.
And why weren't you advocating for such change during the 8 years Obama was in office? #toolittletoolate instead you turned back #Americans
PLEASE GET A BETTER SLOGAN. BETTER IS SECOND PLACE AFTER BEST. YOU'VE ALREADY DONE THAT AND IT CERTAINLY WASN'T THE BEST.
Like you care, empty words..only ignorant left will believe you
True that!
#NAFTA was created by #Dems and #BillClinton. It destroyed the worker in #America. This is one turd that can't be polished by you, Chuckie.
You're trying to won voters back on the back of Trumps message LOLOL you suck
What we need is a $15 hourly minimum wage.  The rest will follow
The rest is unemployment. U may win your wage, but jobs will be automated b/c of it.  Keep banging your empty heads against the wall.
So tell me chuck I've ask a lot of senators do you have Obamacare if it's so good for me how come you don't have it r u better then me
His yes answer would tick you off so he can't answer. Liberals think they are god like.
actually Dems need a better hashtag 
 you sound like Trump. Disappointed. With this.
Every word of Trump's is not wrong. NAFTA has resulted in rampant outsourcing. Even a broken clock is right two times.
Was the other TPP? What about 130+ billion in nature debt reduction targeting foreign debt holdings? Paris? Trump right on economy full stop
The saying I used is meant to indicate that everyone is bound to say something right eventually. I do agree with his action on TPP.
The point I was trying to make is Trump's economic policies are largely more beneficial than ones both parties have advanced for decades.
I'd have to disagree with that. Even though he's correct on trade, on the majority of issues he still stands for the status quo and big bis.
Which is worse than the economic policies of both major political parties during my lifetime in what way(s)?
I'm not saying it's worse, I'm saying it's more of the same.
A BETTER DEAL HAS NO MEANING TO VOTERS IF DEMS DON'T HAVE STRONG MESSAGES OR TALKING POINTS...TIME IS RUNNING OUT!
Following Trump now?
WTF?  Are you Republican Lite now?
No, he's just a 2faced panderer 4 votes, knowing that he's doing everything to shaft the American people, while he smiles, cries or whatever
We heard that NAFTA story before! Every union worker and small business owner knows what damage you and your leftist Dem friends did to us.
I agree, the trade balance is out of whack. We need to reverse the trend of Canada buying more from the states than the states buy from us.
That's the Canadian government paying for the military cover of her airspace. Security isn't cheap.
Oh well if that's the case I guess we can cancel that F35 order and save a few hundred billion dollars. It's a clunker anyway.
Oh buddy boy, F35's are Cheap. Canada's covered by a much more expensive system of weapons. Consider it a loan that your govt can never pay.
Matter fact what jobs have you ever created what company have you ever started to create jobs for people I can tell you none
Nice try Chuck 
2 To test the theory, compare response to #ABetterDeal (crickets) to that of #ReclaimingMyTime meme. No, not interchangeable but think abt
I agree. I think we need one where we trade our senators for some legislators from Mexico.   That's a much better deal.
You shaft the American people, take away our freedoms, sell off our jobs stick us w/ O-care while exempting yourself & u hav a better deal?
A better deal. LMAO
We already got a better deal...We got TRUMP!!!!!!
The rhetoric of day.
The "Better Deal" is you getting the hell out of our pocket books, out of our lives and out of our government.
You know what we also NEED? @realDonaldTrump OUT NOW no joke he us killing Democracy STOP HIM

Trump has already brought higher wages to the construction trades once again why don't you come up with an original idea
1 Dems need rallying cry better than #ABetterDeal. Nobody believes in ANY kind of deal frm politicians. You've all burnt the concept to ash.
Why don't you remind Trump that NAFTA is a republican treaty brokered by GHWB#41 & amend by WJF#42? Dems take heat GOP hast talking pts
Yes we do. NAFTA created about 1990. Much has changed and we should've backed TPP.
Tired old phrase. Find a better one. Pay more attention to #Grassroots #Resistance. No SAMO SAMO. We need #RevolutionaryThoughtLeadership.
We also need to understand automation caused job losses in the manufacturing arena, and maybe some help shifting into other areas
Wow, if it weren't for the president wanting to renegotiate trade you would have nothing to say here. Losing is making you change your tune
Chuck, why are you proposing something Trump is already doing?You dem keep stealing what he already proposed. Get on Trump train
My idea for new slogan "Protect & promote the people"
Crony old Democrats create an out of touch slogan and expect us to fall for it. Sounds great Chuck!
Chuck you sound like nothing more than a parrot repeating the same all the http://time.You  had your chance you're chance now gone.
Wake up chuck get your head out of your backside trump passed you and the dems on nafta months ago
Haha look at you, Chuckles....Riding the Trump Train & you don't even know it.....
A nice idea. Where have I heard that before? Hmmm...not the DNC's candidate for President, that's for sure. Abandoning globalism Chuck?
WTH? Am I on @realDonaldTrump twitter feed??  Sounds eerily similar. Just like "A Better Deal".
Copy cat. #republican
More failure from the left
Welcome to the #TRUMPTRAIN Chucky!  #MAGA
A Better Deal

Demmy's USED CARS

FraudBank loans available upon purchase
Stop copying President Trump's homework Chuck. It's embarrassing.
President Trump going to do that why we voted for him so for your last term in office you should actually try and help Americans n Trump
A little late to be thinking of the working class Chuck. We're not one of the minorities you can pander to when you need votes.
Oh Chuck - HUSH! - your opinion doesn't matter - you're a hypocrite who has stood for nothing or no one other than yourself - TERM LIMITS!
Wtf
You forgot 200 million illegals! Now you know why @TheDemocrats are going no where!
That is exactly what @realDonaldTrump has been saying!  Welcome to the #trumptrain now say it: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
So ur New platform is MAGA but with less Trump sorry that is called plagiarism crying CHUCK
Nice Trump speaking points there Chucky. Do you think voters are so dumb they don't realize the Dems are responsible for NAFTA? Hello???
You don't care about American jobs.  Why does anyone listen to you any more?  
Welcome aboard #TrumpTrain @chuckschumer Thank you for agreeing with @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Sure, just what our country needs; another "Turn around, bend over & grab your ankles..." concept from the Libtards...
HAHAHA the dems are trying to steal Trumps policies. Too too funny.
NAFTA is a democrat monstrosity. You're right. We need a way better deal than democrats offer.  They offer nothing but poverty and strife.
The people are and there is factual truth that the president has brought over 200000 jobs to the unemployed What did you do?
Come up with ur own ideas Chuck stop copying President Trumps. U Dems created this NAFTA .shame on u for taking advantage is Americans
Stealing President Trump's platform now? Dems passed NAFTA that screwed over Americans & after all this time U think we deserve better?
NAFTA is no good, repeal 
https://www.citizen.org/our-work/globalization-and-trade/north-american-free-trade-agreement-nafta …
Fund that border wall, defund CIA Jihadists, stop regime change, block dangerous and economically destructive immg and who knows there Chuck
Next you will be against abortion and pro 2nd amendment. After that fails you will be against illegal immigration and for lower taxes...
Could you be more of a blatherer? You care about nothing but resistance!
When you go home at night do you unzip your skin suit like that episode of rugrats and come out a dinosaur
Do ya chuckie do ya
Hey, you do know that there is no such thing as free trade, someone, somewhere carries the cost and it's usually the little guy.
If your product is good enough and priced right, people buy it. We don't need to add your grubby fingerprints on a commercial transaction!!!
Now where have we heard this before?  Oh that's right.  Donald Trumo has stated it.
I agree just make sure Trump negotiates it and not the anti USA dumbocrates
I think Trump said this months ago.


Don't worry yourself. @POTUS told us some time ago he was all over this! Just stay out of his way. Ok?
YOU R STEALING Everything that Trump ran on!!!! Not only is democrats corrupt but they're also thieves!
.@SenSchumer @ntvnyr173
What we really need is for U Schumer to retire. Ur worse that a scorned activist. Done anything for America lately ?
@realDonaldTrump is the master deal maker. Can't you get more creative than that?
Can't come up with any ideas on your own so you use those of @realDonaldTrump
We need to drain swamp both parties if u corrupt globalist dirtbags .
Looser
No we need the @realDonaldTrump AGENDA not your 
Welcome, Chucky! Glad you believe in President Trump's message! #MAGA
Hey Chuckles, just because you've adopted the position POTUS has had for years doesn't make you anything but a poser.HATER!!!
Oh Chuckie...you're an embarrassment. 
This is part of President Trumps agenda. So the Senator wants to #MAGA
Or better put #AmericaFirst end this awful deal.
You're a little late to the party. Our President already doing that.
That would be "A Better Deal"!
If all else FAILS, IDEA, Let's Plagiarize the candidate we hate! Steal his message and re-sell it to the People!  #PoliticalPlaguarism
How long did it take you to figure this one out?  hmmmm, seems you missed the boat on this one Chuck, Trump has got this covered!
That's #MAGA it was a #BetterDeal when we voted for it November 8, 2016. Why are you resisting?
ahahahahahaha are you just deliberately taking talking points from Trumps Campaign now? hahaha you're a joke and every1 knows it
YOU have the giant shoes, the baggy suit, the fake yellow hair & the red nose...you ARE a clown..but you ain't funny.
Hey @senchuckschumer thank you but @realDonaldTrump has that covered already
1st democrat Nafta screw job didn't work? when it comes to effective work, USA deserves #ABetterDeal u are useless! #Termlimits #MAGA
It's almost like you're trying to sound like someone else.
I hear an echo from trumps campaign speech...
Lying chuck at it again..
Yes Chuck, follow POTUS and MAGA!
Ross Perot was right about NAFTA, remember his warnings about that giant sucking sound?
That turd was created by DEMOCRATS and Slick Willy. It can't be shined up by you, Nancy and the Dimms.
Stop stealing the @POTUS platform, think of your own, loser
Honestly, have we heard anything in the last year from the Democrats that resembles anything to do with the economy that helps US workers?
What you need is a new Democratic Party that isn't so Socialist.  That would be a start and do something for the American people.
Your Social programs funded by draining every last drop of blood from hard working taxpayers for your #ABetterDeal freeloaders is BS #MAGA
Huh, Chuck Schumer is now a #MAGA Trump supporter. Will he switch parties like the Gov. of WV? Of course not, he's vying for power and $$.
Since when have you been pro-American anything? 
Where were you when Bernie was saying this? I guess you guys are finally catching on to what Americans care about? #Trump2020
They're copying the plan they supposedly despise
Only thing missing is a wall and @Josh_Moon paying for it
I wouldn't be surprised to see that added. Did you see the DCCC logos?
WHY you Dems. and RINOS supported the old NAFTA ! SWING BOTH WAYS CHUCK ????
This is what you, your Dem cohorts, and ethics are in a nutshell. The people are finally waking up to your sham.
#ChuckYou #CorruptDNC #SellOuts
Again, @realDonaldTrump talked about this 12 months ago. At the same time you said he was crazy for talking about changing NAFTA.
Finally Chuck, you have seen the error of liberal economic policy. Does this mean you will be switching your Senate Seat to Republican?
Stop with the BS lies. Your a snake and we don't trust you.
WHAT DID YOU DO ??  STEAL A COPY OF PRESIDENT TRUMPS PLAYBOOK??  IT'S FUNNY.. YOU CANT EVEN COME UP WITH YOUR OWN IDEAS OR THOUGHTS. lol !
Very soon he'll tweet "We must push for a better deal on Climate Change issue". We cannot be cheated.
Suddenly he agrees with @realDonaldTrump. I thought they said he was creating enemies by reviewing all the crazy agreements?
Go away
#ABetterDeal is watching Dems become extinct.
Only one question, CHUCK
WHY arent you WORKING on that
Presently, if your WAITING for reinforcements they ARE NOT COMING
not in 18 not in 20
IF America doesnt SEE some bi- partisanship WORK ETHIC, you wont be back either...that is not a threat, Chuck
Its the true temperature of US
U typed #MAGA wrong
Stop stop - you could give a about the worker.
Really. How do you sleep at night?
Or simple #endNafta
Chucky "AssClown" Schumer this is funny as hell copy and paste from president Trump's playbook. Dude, Dems are the author of this bad deal.
Tell me how letting unvetted middle eastern migrants and refugees into this country is a better deal for Americans? Terror attacks are good?
Tell me how your party's insistence on globalism and unchecked low skill immigration is a better deal for Americans?
Pretend to care about Americans now to get votes. You're a globalist, and if you should get those votes that "better deal" will disappear.
We have Trump now. We don't need anything from you. If you wanted to give AMERICANS a better deal you would have done it before Trump.
Wonder if ur parents knew u'd d b a fake-tears lying schmuck & that's y they gave u ur name? #ChuckTheSchmuck #contemptible #cheater #theif
Where were you in '92 Chuckie?
Hey Chuckie we told you that back in 94..
Great, it sounds like you're agreeing with the Chief Executive... work together, and achieve Greatness for the American People. Thank you
Nice try Cuck Schumer!
Americans who love America support President Trump.We are Republicans, Democrats and Independents. We love our country, we respect OUR POTUS
Sorry, cryin' Chuck!!  Pres.Trump already working on that!! #MAGA DEAL to be done in a couple of mos.   Got any other brilliant ideas?
# TheDealIsThis: Remember they sold you out before, they just need your vote to continue selling you out
NAFTA was bad for American workers and jobs. Brought to us by Democrats. Don't need democrat help fixing things. Go talk about Russia.
Sorry chucky there is will be no cooperation at all! October 1st premiums hike comes out! That will destroy Obamacare for good!
Nice, u agree with Trump.  Way to come around!
For all of you who probably were not alive in 1992-1993...here is history of NAFTA
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_American_Free_Trade_Agreement …
Then vote for #TRUMP2020 that's his message, get on the train! 
We got the better deal! He's president! "Trump"
His constituents must be getting to him -to little to late...Remember the affordable care act? Screw you Schumer
Nahnahnah his lips are moving but I can't hear him nahnahnnahnah
Hey Chuckie! Sounds like you're on the #TrumpTrain   #MAGA Nice effort, but we see right through you!
Sounds like something @POTUS  @realDonaldTrump  would say. Oh yeah, he did say it & he actually meant it. He didn't add useless NAFTA to it!
LOL! Sounds like you're trying to #MAGA! No shit!
Chucky, chucky, if you hate our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump, then why are trying to steal his policies and brand them as your own?
The only problem is Chucky, only he can do it because only he actually keeps his campaign promises. Only he cares about America's people.
Be honest with yourself and the American people. See how many you can trap in the welfare state. That's what you and your elites really plan
We Patriots will continue to stand with our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump. Get used to it Chucky, because we're not going anywhere!
@SenSchumer steal the ideas of a man you supposedly hate #loser
Get your own ideas #cryinchuck
You are a fraud.  You supported it.  You screwed the American working family.  Blow it
You truly are a piece if work, Trumps right you losers have no ideas if your own! You have to steal the President's!
Did you steal more homework from President Trump? #stoptheresistance
Glad you support @Potus agenda
WE NEED AMERICAN JOBS AND TRADE! MOVE TO THOSE COUNTRIES YOU SUPPORT! MUST BE HURTING YOUR STOCKS
The RAISE Act does that. When will you be co-sponsoring?
Talk to POTUS - he has a great plan to do just that!  #MAGA
How can we have higher wages when you support unlimited low skilled immigration from the third world?
In #OppositeWorld, this makes perfect sense.
So you're say we should renegotiate NAFTA? Lol  why do you remind me of someone you hate?
Sen Schumer it is so wonderful to read this tweet means that our infrastructure bills our budget and all POTUS platform Will pass onopossed
We appreciate your America first policy moving forward and thank you for NOW deciding that Trumps agenda is perfect! MAGA
You voted in Obama care and shoved it down the we the people's throat without one vote from the Rep.  People lost their ins 4 sake of others
Yes Senator, America does need a better deal.  Democrats had their chance, we the people,  got substandard at best. we won't trust you again
What we need is for your party to stop sacrificing we the people's future well being because you're not getting center stage
+
You should have thought about that years ago. A little late to the party.
Are you seriously trying to hijack Trumps agenda? How stupid do you think ppl are bro?..
Sounds to me like u r saying what president trump already mentioned.  U have now new ideas.  The dem party is done.  Go trump. !!!!!!
