Great Job Baby Bombers - you won four in a row over Cleveland- you can do it again! Go Yankees! We believe!
#Yankees fans be like, "This is our wall. There are many others like it, but this one is ours!!"
Love it! All RISE!!
What's the point when @MLBONFOX practically mutes it?
The only voice you hear is Joe Buck so I just keep my tv muted for the whole game
I put on my radio and listen to John Sterling with the TV muted lol
Glad I'm not the only one who thought they muted the stadium noise.... Right now Buck is in the Houston locker-room consoling Altuve....
Atoon cloutch
Sr hitty gregarious
 freakzier
 gonnee sanchez
Kk sawbatfear
Break warnear
Ur fans r with u all the way. U guys r the best.
Bring the noise!!!
It's cold outside. It's October. The #Yankees win. All is right. Let's keep going baby bombers  #ALCS
@WWEDemonDiva I think we were equally as loud and crazy last nite at game 3 
Attention Yankee Fans. See you at Minute Maid Park. LETS Go YANKees!
OK!!!!
The best. No one even close.
Yankees fans R Fantastic!!
The Yankees were amazing last night!
campaign BS
How about the War widow insulted by trump?
~ gop ignoring trumps insults of our troops/vets/former prez
Democrats have no leader
I take it back
Don't forget us fans at home jumping up and down in our living rooms and screaming our heads off too.
How do you get the attention of fans inside the 1893 Club at Yankee Stadium?  You drill their window with a baseball.  #ALLRISE
Best fans hands down.  Lets fckn win this series!!! Onto L.A. and #28

Well it's over now. The fat lady sang already
Todd Frazier was born to be a New York @Yankees
Yes indeed!
Indidi*

Who do you think he’s going to blame for the totally ill timed & Scociopathically botched phone call to the Military Wife?MY Condolences
Best game ive gone to. And i went to game 3 vs Cleveland!! My head is pounding from all the screaming. This team does not give up. All heart
yes todd

I wish I could be there  I'll be there in spirit 
Yes, you better do it while you can.
Big big Yankee fan
We will be there @mattdeparis12
YAY Yankees!!! #PinstripePride 
Go home
https://nysportschatter.wordpress.com/2017/10/18/best-yankee-comeback-ever/ …

#PinstripePride
Pretty sure my whole neighborhood knows the Yankees won. Screaming like a small child in Knoxville 
GREAT Yankee victory tonight!!
Keep the momentum into tomorrow!!!..... Yankee bats are on fire  . . . .......

@MyInfoIngridZ1
Haven’t seen the new yankee stadium this loud. It felt like the old stadium tonight during October.
Hook up some tickets

We love our Yankees.
Count on it
First of all, yankee fans are amazing every night
Resign Frazier. I don’t care what the hell he wants
Gotta love Todd Frazier. Dude guy is a natural born Yankee!
You know who would look good in stripes? Trump.
@LBIRobert  UnfrickingBELIEVABLE!!
WATCH SEAN HANNITY ON FOX.HILLARY SOLD OUT AMERICAN URANIUM FOR 145MILLION

We get more flack than any fanbase in sports.

Wins like this make it all worth it.
Yeah, let's keep it going! What a game and what a team! #PinstripePride
THE BOYSSS @jackmalone24
That's what I do lol
I’ll be there tomorrow #LetsGoYankees

That Razorback ace Keuchel could make them sad.
Go Yankees
Let's do it again. Hoping for tickets. Maybe a payback from when I had season tickets. I'll be on the hunt.
The Yankees are like the Goonies...and Goonies never die!!!!!!!  What an awesome win
Great great game
Did I hear it’s time for my redemption and you want me to come out tomorrow again in the freezing cold to cheer on my team sure free tixs?
YEA!!!! GO YANKEES!!!! 
You need to resign @FlavaFraz21 long term ASAP.
I'll be there

Great game go yankees
Keep it up guys #PinstripePride
Best gif eva!
Yes! This is all thanks to my liver, who started taking on alcohol when we were losing until we reclaimed victory again!
Steal one from keuchel please, that’s all we need id think, it’s gonna be tough but we beat that bullpen up. Let’s do it 
@Mike_Hill27


 Yankees 
Greetings from Costa Rica

Yankees team, you’ve been AMAZING all season!!! #BabyBombers #PinstripePride
Let's gooooo
We’re definitely bringing it down here in Virginia!!! Let’s take it back to Houston and win in 6! Let’s go Yankees!!!
Yankees vs dodgers.
I was amazing from my couch like the rest of us #PinstripePride
#the yankees win
I CANNOT stop watching this GIF!!!!!!!
Bravo
Bravo
Bravo
We’re never leaving. #PinstripiePride
LET’S FUCKING GO 
AND WE'LL FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT WITH ALL OUR MIGHT FOR THE BOYS IN THE PINSTRIPED JERSEYS
LOVE

no, YOU GUYS were amazing tonight!!!!! WE LOVE YOU KEEP THIS UP!!!
#BronxBombersAreBack 

Hey Fingers. You are not forgotten. Thumbs down to you.
KEEP ON FIGHTING FOR US.
