I don't understand why some of my colleagues support the Cassisdy-Graham bill, but I do know they need to hear from you. #ProtectOurCare
If you think Americans w/ pre-existing conditions should focus on getting healthy instead of fighting discrimination, make your voice heard.
If you think Americans should keep guaranteed coverage for maternity care, substance abuse & prescription drugs, make your voice heard.
If you think more American children, veterans, seniors and families should be covered - not less - make your voices heard.
If you think #Trumpcare should pass the @jimmykimmel test, make your voices heard.
If you think more Americans should have access to maternal care & contraception - not less - make your voices heard.
If you stand w/ @hospitals4kids @AARPadvocates @LittleLobbyists @AmerMedicalAssn & others fighting to #ProtectOurCare, you know what to do.
You forgot to mention @SenSchumer that it gives freedom once again to the America people.
So please tell us what you would do. SO tired of partisan rhetoric
Tupic liberal fear mongering.
More lies doesnt eliminate pre existing conditions Millions that had coverage now cant afford under ACA Those are forgotten that voted TRUMP
What does that even mean? Why vote for something like this without a CBO report
Thank you for holding out for a reasonable bill that protects the vulnerable.
You and the other 99 senators should sequester yourselves to  define a comprehensive solution & present the bill to @POTUS. #GetItDoneSenate
#USSenate ...
Get it Done! Or Get Out!!
#WeThePeople
Amen to that
Just like car insurance. Accidents = higher premium. F liberalism
#lyingchuckschumer is always the same.
GOP is looking frighteningly desperate to repeal ACA and take healthcare away from millions. Graham looks like a man with a gun to his head!
REPEAL REPEAL
I lost mine thanks to Obamacare . Millions already have lost but you don't care. Your doners are more important. Stop lies and work for all
Trump and GOP have constantly blocked ACA. Put the blame where it lays.
It's not working for most. It's raised prices sky high and costs are way over what most ppl can afford.
Some states fail their citizens by lack of full participation in expanded Medicaid- less people insured raises premiums for the rest.
We need Medicare for All. The Congress should have to use any insurance they expect us to use.
Stop lying millions are already without healthcare by choice because of the ridiculous cost of healthcare because of Obamacare.
Forcing americans to have health insuance is tyrannical at best. Senators like you line your pockets with blood money from the insurance companies lobbyists. We need to impose term limits to force senators like you to work for AMERICA. Go POTUS
If you think Americans with pre existing conditions should be able to get affordable health coverage and affordable care #RepealObamacare
I respect the hell out of you. So what are you and fellow Dems doing about this? We are making calls, faxing, texting. What else can we do?
Tell your friends to do the same #Resist
Sweetie, I live in fucking Texas. I'm doing the best I can. 
I'm with you.  I live in Utah & have Mike Lee & Orrin Hatch.  I literally expect them to have a party on my grave.
Oh LORDY! I'm so sorry for the loss of your state...  Yes, I agree. These assholes are happy to dance on our graves if it benefits them.
@realDonaldTrump & goons don't give a crap a/b average citizens. Pre-existing or not, all should have coverage. It's a/b almighty  $$...1/2
...and the fact that they & their families will have great coverage. Guess USA will remain only one w/o universal coverage. So sad!
Come on chuck you said trump likes you, let him know how hated he'll be if he signs this!
We need Medicare for All where the Congress and President must use the same insurance.
GOP has to hurry up and pass Trumpcare before the CBO gives a report. Millions will lose healthcare. Cutting healthcare by 100's of millions
So trying to call rep in PA to protest healthcare. Numbers not work.
Time to join #MedicareForAll , Chuck.  Don't just block, lead, offer solutions.  Join forces with @SenSanders and give All Americans HC.
is happening now with ACA! This garbage of legislation should have been repealed years ago. U broke healthcare and refuse to fix it
GOP refuses to allow Dems have any say to help to fix it. GOP want nothing to do with details of a plan. How lovely ng will states have?
Trumpcare isn't the answer either. They shouldn't be trying to replace, should just be repealed
And then what?
Open insurance and pharmaceutical companies across state lines and let competition go. Healthcare can never b a welfare program 2 expensive
Insurers don't want to sell across state lines. It's too complicated and expensive to set up. Profits first. People last.
More expensive than ACA or any other program the government could create? No, want to mess something up let government take it over
please do everything you can to stop it!!
Kill it
#NoTrumpCare or #NoGOPin2018
SO GET BEHIND BERNIE'S BILL, CHUCK! You & Feinstein are out of touch, & pleased with yourselves. Please unite the party with single payer.
You don't know what you are talking about!!  Obamacare people still can't afford nor can they afford the mandate the democrats put on us!!
And you think Obama care was better # repeal and replace
stop spreading the lies & IF YOU CARE SO MUCH ABOUT PEOPLE WHAT ABOUT PR
Oh yeah, you lying bastard. You and your miserable lyin' buds told us premiums dn, keep plan, doc, etc. Bullshit!
Your misleading your constituents chucky
Blah blah blah
Would cause millions to be able to make a choice.  People will purchase what is important to them.
Done
Millions losing coverage because of Obama care its worthless, hurts all working Americans
Chuck Schumer is not worth wasting my time on!
You're f'in nuts!  by your own assertion a bill that hasn't seen light of day, you know all about it. Wish you would have been so on O-care
LIAR!!!!
Not one elected official gives a single shit about the little people - we elect you and you fuck us. The whole system is corrupt as hell
I don't understand how you backed obama care but all dealt with it
Sounds like a typical GOP plan to me!

START ACTION NOW TO REMOVE EVERY REPUBLICAN RUNNING IN 2018!!!

TIME TO REMOVE THE GOP CANCER!!!
Running his mouth again, he and the Dems did everything with ACA that he is now condemning Repubs for doing ! What an amoral loud mouth.
Mr. Schumer - Is it true that Graham-Cassidy means premature infants could hit the lifetime cap before leaving the hospital?
@SenJohnMcCain
No Patrick that is a Chuckie lie, u have to realize he is a Democrat and that is their calling to lie.
Republican Govs from Ohio, Nevada, Alaska, Vermont, Massachusetts come out against new #TRUMPCARE bill.
What good is coverage when your premiums leave no $$ for out-of-pocket costs?  That is the reality under obamacare.  Save us from obamacare!
Is NY any closer to implementing statewide universal healthcare like in MA? People w/pre-existing conditions need this, especially now.
Because ppl can choose not to be covered. Choice, the antiDem
ACA is dead have u not been paying attention all these years most of the carriers have pulled out & more in2018
Hello crying Chuckmillions already lost coverage STOP with the scare tactics we don't believe you!
@BarackObama care their are millions losing coverage don't you understand that are you that dumb not to see that?
Why not fix what's wrong with it. Instead of killing everything that's right in the law.
Pre-existing conditions are in the new bill. You're running out of lies. What's next?
Thank you he lies so much if he told said sun was out I would look for myself.  Did you catch his Spanish tweet, how international of him.
I'll look for it. He lies in every language. Funny how he "cares" so much for latins, but still doesn't speak Spanish. Worthless!!
He is an American citizen & we speak English if you want to speak Spanish move to country where they speak Spanish, I speak Italian & French
Why not bring a bill in that gives Healthcare for all with an add on that takes away Congress & the Senates healthcare if bill is defeated
Because they would have to abolish welfare to afford it and since 92% of democrats are on some sort of assistance they'll never support it
Corporations take more from tax relief than they give. Big businesses screwing the American public for years but still people support them
You should have stayed in school and taken at least one economics class.  Big business and their taxes are the ONLY thing keeping us afloat
Really  Verizon Google, Apple , Facebook, Starbucks, to name a few have avoided paying taxes. I should remember never to argue with idiots
Chuck PLEASE do everything you can to save our healthcare. I'm scared
Chuckie quit with the #FakeNews #Obamacare is dead get over it
Really?  The GOP and Trump are failures already how many times???
SOSDD...winning by killing deplorable. Tags Repubs' behavior with definition of insanity.
Ben, are u advocating murder?  I think I am reporting u to the authorities for investigation.  We cannot have this nonsense!
5 out of 8 children diagnosed with #childhoodcancer suffer long term side effects and would lose insurance with #GrahamCassidyBill
I don’t understand why you don’t support Medicare for all, is it because of your donors?
No that's the Oboma health pill your old and forgetful
Jesus Chuck, this crap again? I've never know someone that needs a new shtick more that you!
We need more Reps on board to vote against this bill , praying MCCain will vote against it , but his best friend is Linsey Graham.
Duh... REPUBLICANS DONT GIVE A FUCK ABOUT OTHER PEOPLE! Only themselves!
In the future when you decide on a bi-partisan deal with Trump, can you not leave the GOP with 3 weeks of time on the clock?
If we were still debating debt ceiling and continuing resolution we wouldn't be having to deal with this right now.
I think you r confusing that with Obamacare, that's what millions r going thru now!!
You want to repeal Obamacare - your words, yet you say this is worse? You are political, end of sentence. Obamacare is horrid - you know it!
Medicare for all.  The ins and pharma are killing us

Pre-existing conditions exist for roughly 3-4% of the population.  Find a solution for them without destroying the entire marketplace!!!!
Government should stay out of healthcare, it screws up everything that it touches!!
You are a liar Chuck
Chuck: Trump is only in office to fill the stolen @SCOTUS seat and wait for another opening. He won't do anything else!
Trumpcare.... oxymoron!!!!
The government should fund healthcare totally
hope your view on 'Hail-Mary' will prevail
Lier did nothing to fix OC now chuky s....t is the answer Schumer. Pelisi. Rian. Mitch all lier STOP N RETIRE
right honest chuck, right!
Give up ur 73% subsidy that u & ur staff get. U have no credibility when u call 4 some 2 pay ins for others. Especially when u don't pay
Amen!!!!
That's why you should support the single-payer plan @SenGillibrand is supporting.
Just look around the world, socialism fails every time in the long run. This country was not built on ur thought process
What if I look at Norway?
Shame on the un-American Graham & Cassidy! We will replace GOP in 2018 & 2020 - and I bet after 2016 joke, GOP will b out 4 generations.
2/2 You're gonna ruin our country like Dems are ruining California. There is no end to the Democrat BS?
@StephMillerShow Why??
So work your magic, uncle Chuck
Wow... just wow. You got your dreamers as an olive branch. Take the win and let the man lead...
Bull  millions without it now Chuckie
In other words..........NO IMPROVEMENT!!! VOTE NO!!!!
Would it affect Medicare?
You need to speak in a more passionate tone.
If OCare so good why don't you have it!
Who's a greater danger to the well being of the American people, jihadists or GOPists?
CHUCK! You & your BFF barack with the dem majority DESTROYED the insurance marketplace with ocare
 HOW MANY LOST THEIR INSURANCE? 
#LIAR
You keep pushing your lies and scare tactics, what a poor senator you are.
They can pay for their own insurance, as I do. No one is stopping them.
Why the word "care" in the bill? Can anyone demonstrate how this provides any care to anyone at all compared to what we have now??
Chuck when on and on about what Graham-Cassidy won't cover, but claims he hasn't seen it?  This is how they terrify the public w/inference.
So offer solutions! Seems obstruction is all Dems want to do.
When will anyone tell Trump he's fired. This is a very serious matter and needs a real solution.
Thank you Sen Schumer for your steadfast support for progressive HCare support. TrumpCare is mean and devisive. Trump supporters need help.
Please derail it
I'm so ashamed an American lawmaker would do this
McCain 202-224-2235
Murkowski 202-224-6665
Collins 202-224-2523
Portman 202-224-3353
Capito 202-224-6472
Alexander 202-224-4944
Chuck what's the Dems plan? You just have an endless circle of useless complaints. Americans are on to You!
You should pass it so you can read it and then you would know.  Take it from Nancy
And we will brand this disaster with his name!
Dems trash all plans, instead favor Medicaid Expansion, welfare 2 sanctuary states.   All HC issues 4 Dems, revolve around illegals. No DACA
Chucky, how bad does it hurt to see the president become so successful? It must hurt down to the Core! Dims will be history and 20 18
I have lost BOTH my insurance AND my doctor bc of you and @BarackObama. Clearly your career is based & maintained on lies & deceptions.
@NancyPelosi @SenKamalaHarris @SenAlFrank You are up next, a tweet is ok but get out there and tell the people why this BAD...PERIOD!
Work on solutions to the root causes of the systemic problem, not more golden band-aides.
The federal govt should have never entered into the health ins arena - they could F up a good dream.
Have you honestly read it senator?maybe you just hit the high points in a sit down with one of your minions?
Republicans hate govt interfering in their lives.So why can't they listen to t/ maj of t/ppl&stop forcing their will on us.Their HC sucks.
Sm bus owner in GA. Ins broker just sent email - BCBS pulling out of market. Left only with Kaiser as a choice. Will lose ALL our doctors!!
Liar
FINE CHUCK Let it collapse all on it's on and no one will have to deal with the crap!
Obamacare is not free people!!!!! Some citizen is picking up the bill!!!

Wonder no more. The Koch donor network will give GOP $400M for 2018 *only if ACA is repealed* & tax reform passes https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/26/koch-network-piggy-banks-closed-republicans-healthcare-tax-reform …
@SenWhitehouse Republicans US Taliban. Hurting millions of our citizens after 2 major hurricanes. Barbaric greedy animals.
same old - same old. All this says to me is that it isn't "our" gov't and that the corporate gov't is a failure.
You're a liar chuck!
Wrong, does have pre-existing conditions!
but will you admit the current version does not and is not working.
TRUMPCARE = MURDER
No it doesn't Chuck U. You're lying again.
Why in hell is the @GOP even considering this bill?  They want a win at the cost to Americans healthcare. This will kill their party and us!
Blah blah blah...doom and gloom...blah blah blah...put on tin foil hat...blah blah blah
They don't care it is all about hem and their rich buddies...vote them out

Shouldn't that be #Trumpnocare?
Please be honest about pre existing conditions. I read it!!! It does not say that!!!  Try honesty to US folk in lieu of party politics.
ups out of-of-pocket costs? some people have a $7,000 deductible now!
Obama care has been the biggest joke and full of taxes.  Letting the states to have more decisions in health care is the right decision.
Chucky lies
Stand up to him show us that our Democratic Party has guts, our votes health needs children future is in your hands,take charge stand tall
This is a disaster. Everyone over age one has a preexisting condition.
What have the dems offered besides condemnation ACA needs to be replaced.
What do you think Obama Care is doing to the middle class ? You only complain about something for your own political agenda
Thank you for standing for us!
Real facts. Vote NO NO NO
Republicans don't give a damn about that. They will lie in a nano second to say it's not true, just to get it passed to hurt millions anyway
Well nitwit, it sounds like u r  talking about the Democrats.  Remember the Babbler & Chief saying u can keep ur Doctor, etc?  Vote to see..
The cablers need to cover this like they did the last time. Sure Russiagate is a sexy story and 'canes are visual. But this is catastrophic.
And it takes money out of individuals' hands and gives to States.
Same as it ever was. Nothingburger
Shut it down. 
Nothing gets passed, NOTHING! 
UNTIL WE HAVE #MedicareForAll #DreamersAct 
STOP ASKING FOR 10% OF THE SHIT WE WANT.
Every time aRepublicans on TV and asked about will people losing their health care they change the subject really quick they have no !
Why are you spreading false information about this Health Care Bill? Get on board or get voted out!
Help us KILL THE BILL
@LindseyGrahamSC - worst lie you have told - you full well know that most Republican Governors rejected the #FederalMatch$ for ObamaCare
The possibly affordable I don't care act..
We can get this passed !!   SI SE PUEDE!!!
Premiums going up .29 million Americans no coverage right now cause they can't afford it..and you still side with Obamacare
Thx Mr Shumer. @RepAndyBiggsAZ @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain @dougducey
@seanhannity @TuckerCarlson @POTUS @jessebwatters  Hey Chucky, You continue to Bore us to tears. Probably the same in your house. 
Get angry. Get mean. They are acting as your enemy. Turn your backs on them. No more "better deal" BS. @SenateDems mantra: Justice for ALL.
WHEN ARE YOU & THE REST OF CONGRESS GOING TO TAKE OCARE? ENOUGH WITH YOUR PLATINUM COVERAGE WHILE AMERICANS ARE FORCED TO  SWALLOW GARBAGE
Yes, we just wonder how these evil, heartless people took the reigns and are now a threat to our health care and our democracy

Blah blah blah. liar liar old Chuckie boy
Wrong. Millions would have the freedom not to buy, pre existing conditions r covered, and saves vosts. You liar
I agree any bill should be bipartisan!
Millions would not loose insurance. However, people would have a choice as to whether Thay want coverage or not
You mean Obamacare does that right,  you dems sold the People crap with Obamacare !!!! Just admit it!
See what happens when you sleep with the enemy?
The Bernie bros are too busy rooting for ACA to fail, so Berniecare will magically appear. And you helped!
nothing positive ever comes out of Senator Chuck; him & Senator Bernie always gloom & doom; time to replace both of them.
Thanks @iamjohnoliver 4 breaking it down Real & Simple ACA: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO) https://youtu.be/YEGpriv2TAc  via @YouTube
But your exempt though right?
We the people VOTE NO

quit calling it trumpcare please  you should name it #DeathCare because that is what it does
Eliminate obummercare 100%. Legalize across state line insurance purchases. Keep feds out of healthcare. Land of the free.. Not free ride
More lies from the liberal left. Facts Chuck. Gives us facts. Get the government out of healthcare NOW!
Must be stopped.
No Chuckie
Vote NO! And cross the aisle and educate those who might not
Outright lie and you know it. Have you no shame.
But it makes me very happy to see Dems so very afraid right now!
REPEAL OCRAPA-CARE! @SenJohnMcCain @SenFeinstein
did YOU enroll in the same law YOU forced on us plebeians yet? no? why not? why are YOU exempt from the nightmare YOU created? #TermLimits
