2. Former FBI Director Comey should still testify before the Senate.
3. AG Sessions & DAG Rosenstein should brief all Senators on these events, separately, and in a classified setting if necessary.
Dumbo that's not how it works. Stock up on grampers you & club gonna need 'em, buckle up ride is on 
Special Prosecutor must be appointed to investigate Susan Rice and the leaks and unmasking - Absollutely . No evidence means just that Chuck
Spelling! You already look and sound ridiculous, the least you can do is spell properly. But, the trumpus loves stupidity, so you fit in! <3
Nothing sunstantive to add I see. The truth is, Rice, Lynch and HRC all need SP investigations. Interestingly, u side w/corruption.
HRC has been investigated to death! NO WRONG DOING! What is is about Russian interference in US elections you Trumpsters don't get?
What about NO EVIDENCE do you not get?  Russia had ZERO to do with my vote - funny Comey listed all the charges against HRC .. you are WRONG
Be careful what you wish for Chuck...
A special prosecutor will likely land a bunch of Democrats in jail.
YOU ARE A BUNCH OF SORE LOSERS AND  CRY BABIES, YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT TALKING ABOUT WHAT WE CAN DO FOR AMERICA....
If one is announced it will be to investigate you Maxine Waters Nancy Pelosi John Obama, Hilary Clinton Bill Clinton George Soros and more
LOL.  Rosenstein is approved 94-6 two weeks ago and now he's a Russian shill you don't trust?  You look so ridiculous, Chuckles.
OJ Simpson was a football player...and then one day he murdered two people
No, OJ Simpson was a domestic abuser.  He eventually murdered two people.
You watch a non-functioning DOJ for 8 years, ending with an FBI director acting as a prosecutor.  Now there's a problem?
Please stop asking for special prosecutor, which would make investigation secret. Ask for independent investigation instead.
One thing needs to happen, All liberals should be put out of office
Keep working hard to make this happen. Reach out, there must be some Republicans who haven't lost their minds.
As Grassley said, "Suck it up and move on."
We don't move on beyond treason. Trump approval 36%. People get it.
Your tin hat conspiracy theory is ridiculous. And approval rating? Aren't they same polls that said Hillary would win? Fake news.
SHAME ON YOU!! The President has held the power to appoint and dismiss the director of the FBI at his or her discretion since 1968.
SHAME ON YOU!! The president should not fire the person who is heading an investigation into treason by him and his campaign.
There's no treason. LOL  There's no evidence of any collusion of Trump or his associates. Clapper said that during the hearings.
Evidence is they lied about dealing with Russians. Shows consciousness of guilt -- powerful evidence.
How is there not a way to overrule that scumbag McConnell. Your tweets are great, Schumer, but nothing is getting done
No special prosecutor necessary.  Quit wasting our tax dollars. Dems at lowest level of power in decades; might want to wonder WHY.
You guys really need to not blow this.
No one cares what think u clown 
Okay, so: hold Senate business until this happens, then. ALL Senate business.
Silliness #UseLess sch
3 things needs done you need to realize there a thing called video Tape and we can rewatch you say bad things about Comey over and over
You had better watch what you ask for. Spec prosecutor will prove Dems rhetoric is untrue.
AMERICAN. People who want good insurance good job and good salary like always democrats stepped on us every time.Schumer  
Put a democrat too investigate and make look bad our President and continue you agenda of difamate our lider. You difamate him is same do to
Trump in an absolute crisis of credibility. Does anyone really believe his decision to fire Comey is based on job performance? wake up
You asked him to recuse himself!
you want special prosecuter so it drags it out in hopes of getting seats back for dems lmao you are pathetic
yur are very transparent mr schumer, Yu don't realize that Yu are losing voters every time Yu speak ....keep talking
Special prosecuter to find out why democrats are acting like THEY speak for everyone. Better way to spend taxpayer money. TERM LIMITS
Mr. Rosenstein was confirmed with 92% majority. Now you are denying he can effectively do his job?  Turn your finger around Mr Schumer.
Nope Chucky! You lost the election! Republicans are in charge! No Crime Here ! Kicking & Screaming doesn't help!
Ur party lost the election, u don't get to make demands...
and the forth think you should be removed from your post, you are a fraud.
60,000,000 Trump Voters agree that Dems must put the interests of the USA ahead of their party's interests & must cooperate with PDT to MAGA
I totally agree. Thank you for working so hard for all Americans & appoint a special prosecutor
After a special prosecutor for Clinton and Obama followed by you!
Hypocrites
Senate repubs agree 1. Dems are powerless to do anything except cry on Twitter
@realDonaldTrump could not get OVER Comey saying Obama did not tap Trump tower. DT was lying in wait. Lies in wait. Obsessed w/anit-Obama
Rosenstein could be a pawn in the Sessions/Trump Trickery. Sessions should not have had a vote in the removal of Comey due to recusal.
Think! Why would Rosenstein make his first book of business to fire Comey? It makes no sense.What do you do when POTUS uses you? Don'tResign
Hey Chucky- try figuring out why hundreds of thousands are leaving NYS Get to work in the state that you were elected in...#WEREDIEINGINNYS
Career civil servant what like you?   Matthew 7:15-20.
3 things:  1. Focus on real issues. 2. Enough w partisan BS. 3.  Improve rather than resist.   & 1 more thing - enough with the crying
Hypocrisy-a pretense of having a virtuous character, moral or religious beliefs or principles, etc., that one does not really possess.
2. Special prosecutors for: Clinton Foundation's ties to shady characters, Top Secret emails released and Obama's Iran deal etc....
Go away you have no power here
Are there any career civil servants left that Trump & Sessions haven't fired?
Democrats are afraid of the real investigation leading to the Clintons, wish it would ! Your a FAKE!
You don't get to decide sqwat Chuckie  you lost. Remember??
Let's hope @SenateGOP has the spine to do what's right.
Ok Senator Schumer,  we will let you run the country and see what happens.  You and the President are a lot alike.
Unfortunately America is starting to give up hope that ANYTHING can be done with this corrupt administration. We feel we are doomed.
Trump must go before any real investigation can be completed without investigators being fired incl spl prosecuotor #impeachTrumpnow
You aren't the president, Chuckles.
You political hack. The 3 final healthcare providers are leaving Obamacare & you want to make Sh-t up. Americans need real leaders, not you.
No Chucky it's over. Nothing burger. Dems are irrelevant.
chuckles u really don't know what to do with ur cock holster after comey firing #thecryinggame #tearsofaclown #antiamerican #thebitterpill
One thing should happen U should retire America this racist bigot hypocrite is trying to take ur freedom Wake Up remove him NOW
Chuckie has his panties on backwards again. He just can't decide which way 2put them on or which side of his face to talk out of. Flip-flop
Blah blah blah
Would you please. Resign
Lol Chucky you are so funny, you just don't know what to do with your daddy TRUMP draining the swamp. Poor lit ,slip and fall snake salesman
Rosenstein chosen by Obama and confirmed by Dems 94-6 but because he is now working for Trump he must be corrupt. Chuck, he was your guy!!!!
Schumer, you are a LIAR! Play nice until 2025! Deal with it.
Thanks for your leadership. Stand strong against McConnell & his allies,use every means possible to get an independent investigation.
Mr Schumer with all due respect WHAT ARE GUYS WAISTING TIME FOR ? Till " IS TOO LATE " It's shockingly scary .
Can't you play nicely with everyone you are a flip flipper grow up
@bzwatching @SenateDems Preet Bharara is the perfect choice but pressure has,to come from outside of the adm
I would like to add that McCabe should not be acting director after his visit to Trump in Feb.
Mr. Rosenstein was confirmed 94-6 on april 25th. That means a lot of Dems voted him in. I'm guessing you want someone that you can control
RT 
THIS MESSAGE TO MAKE THIS HAPPEN.  ITS A INTERNET TWITTER MARCH THE BIGGER OUR NUMBERS RIGHT NOW THE BETTER  PRESSURE!!!
YES YES YES
Hey Chucky If you give us a name of just 1 Russian that supposedly "colluded" with Trump, I will switch political parties and join u.
Dems are keeping blacks down through it social programs.  Lincoln was a Republican and freed the slaves
Mr Schumer. We have spent more money running down falsities and now you want more?  Quit it. Why do Dems just keep lying to America. Why????
Thank you Sir. Hall hands on deck. #CountryOverParty
Sorry Crying Chuck it ain't happening!!!!!
A special prosecutor to investigate Hillary, Lynch, and Obama!
Hillary and Obama should both also be investigated. Along with a lot of Congress for how they made all their millions of dollars.
#DemocraticHypocricy #LiberalLunatics #DraintheSwamp
Keep fighting for us
That is just ignorant
Resign Schumer
Who died and made you the voice of America? You're unstable.
Shut down the government till we have a #IndependentInvestigationNow
And while we are at it, let's appoint a special prosecutor to review Clinton's email scandal, Clinton foundation, and plutonium to Russia.
:
 Chuckie, wasn't to long ago u and your ilk wanted him gone. So now that Trump fired him it's a horse of a different color.
The republicans need a hero to stand up and get to the bottom of the lies, collusion,they are all talk and do nothing
You and the rest of the corrupt lying Libs are trying to destroy Trump's presidency and the USA. We do not have a legitimate media. Haters!!
It was PAINFUL and SICKENING to watch Comey testify! The man NEVER answered anything or gave NON-ANSWERS. Just put on a show!
Why are we not impeaching Sessions for lying and obstruction of justice?
All senators and congressman should go back to being part time and hold real jobs Currently these scammers work part time but make millions
Please if your a man, retire you called for comeys head now he's a saint? Jimmy should walk with you! Just a bunch of pussies who want$
Sol Olinsky stooge or just unhinged? Wake up and read the 1963 communist manifesto- it was published in the NYT after all. Dems use reason!
3 different investigations going on that include some of ur fellow Dems u think a special prosecutor is needed? U trust no one apparently!
Do you libs support a special prosecutor into the Clinton server and coverup?  Obama administration spying on and unmasking civilians?
Do you remember what you said on October 31st 2016 senator you wanted comey fired because of what he did to Hillary now you cry foul hypos
...to investigate surveillance on Conservative Americans? For illegal storage & dissemination of top secret files? Benghazi? I agree!
Careful what you wish for 
Make it happen! Fight back! #RussiaWon'tGoAway
I can't get through to leave a message by phone so I'm saying here this #NYVoter from #Troy thanks you
What happen to chucky wanting comey gone last year. What a difference a year makes
Schmuck Schumer being removed from office; a positive for America! #LyingSchumer
Rosenstein won't appoint an impartial prosecutor
You know, you tweet more than @POTUS.  Don't complain about @POTUS when you do the same.
Can we have you and Nancy investigated for obstruction of national security over getting business done in Congress?  Please retire.
On Comey firing & @POTUS-Russia probe: "You can't cover up a scandal that doesn't exist. Where's the scandal?"
Can we investigate your connections with organized crime in NY.  How did you get your fortune?  Please move past your fiction and resign.
Chucky In starting to think You and Nancy were taught by Crooked Hillary! What a bad path You 2 have lead your party down too! Disgraceful!
What crime has been committed in order for a prosecutor to prosecute?
Continue to #resist #Trumprussia  #Impeachtrump
We the people agree on 1 thing Chucky. 

TERM LIMITS!
Thank you Sen Schumer this investigation should continue. Everyone Agrees. Those who like him want it to prove it isn't #russiagate
Schumer it's time to go fishing for you, you are not up to date with politics.
What about hiring back @PreetBharara since he has some familiarity with the background and plenty of incentive to do an excellent job?
Agree. This is most important. Rosenstein & Sessions have proven can't be trusted. Sessions will protect DT not country 1st #TrumpRussia
Ahhh, you finally realized that McCabe is running the FBI right now.  Kind of ruins your claim of potus45 trying to end the investigation!
#impeachTrumpnow #russia #Comeygate
are you even partially aware tht only some of the slower ilk of #whatsleftoftheleft thinks theres a cover up? CLOWN
Stick to your guns
So now you want to make the rules to satisfy dems?
I'm loving your antics. They're compounding the serious problems the Dem get Trump movement is having. Please continue!!!
4.start an impeachment process
5.block all new business,every appointment,every bill,everything in the Senate until independent commission convenes
6.restrict Trump from being able to deploy nuclear weapons,escalate military w/o Congressional approval
Shut down the government until that happens
I stand with you Senator!  Keep fighting @SenateMajLdr  obstruction of everything decent since Obama took office!
Dem resistance movement happy with Comey firing, but unhappy with timing. Boo!Hoo! Get a life already!!
Is there any evidence of collusion w the Russians & the Trump admin? #don'twasteourtaxdollars #gettowork #infrastructure #healthcare #jobs
Yes, agree get to work Schumer! How much of taxpayers' money are you wasting with your conspiracy theories?  GET TO WORK NOW!
Dear Chuckles. YOU. ARE. NOT. IN. POWER. Go sell some pickles.
#TrumpCoverUp
Are you going to cry ?
Exactly! Rosenstein is now too deep into the swamp, not to be trusted.
You are tiresome
Yes three things must happen. You , pelosi and Maxine need to resign. Then maybe our country can heal.
You don't get to make those decisions.
You are so full of yourself #cryinchuckschuner.  rep. Ur constituency in western ny instead of bloviating. Ur a despicable person. Hypocrite
I thought Rosenstein was all fine when you voted him into position/Like I said Senator Schumer; You ought to be investigated for wasting r $
So, now he's ostracized by the hard left. When one of the sheep stray, they turn on them 
Strong words are not enough Senator. Withhold Consent until a Special Prosecutor is appointed!
Hey Chuck was wondering how you can sleep at night? You are the most disgusting vile person i have ever heard, how much Soros paying you?
No not needef
Exactly!!!
