"Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now." Thank you Stuart Varney @foxandfriends Jobs are starting to roar,watch!
Cut the corporate income tax rate, ours is now the highest in the world, to bring jobs, if you care about the American worker Chuck.
B.S. Trickle down doesn't work. #GOPdoesntgetit
its not 1955 anymore, time to wake up and enter the 21st century.
Yup. It's why we need single payer health care.
This is why Trump gets elected, the democrats have so completely forgotten what the deal is with working people.
I agree. Now whether or not trump can help the situation is unknown. We have a major economic bubble, no savings and no real productive
Capacity, so trump really has been dealt a bad hand. Not sure if he can hold off a severe multi year recession
To me the corporate tax cut is crucial to our national economic health.  However, the healthcare battle has sown so much discord....
Key sentence "corporations have never made so much money before" he's working for corporations not American people
Who do you think "corporations" are they are American people who work. It's. It some evil alien from mars it's our parents, friends etc...
Banking their money and paying their CEOs big bonuses not helping the American people and don't tell me it creates jobs
Well that's who employs people. People get paid what they r worth. Why pay Tom cruise 25 mil??  CEO worth more than he is
I personally can't stand Tom Cruise don't care what he gets paid but I also hate corporate greed and that won't change
Corporate greed is a made up term. Unless u donate all of your money after paying ur bills then u have no ground to complain.
I live here I'm an American citizen I can complain whenever I want and corporate greed is not a made-up word only to a Trump useful idiot
If u want it go work for it plain and simple.
Why tax cuts if profits are so high?
If  US don't cut tax, cooperation won't higher workers& they won't invest money in d system. There is Competition I tax cut around d  world
There's diminishing return for laborers. There's need for invest in infrastructure schools sciences. no cuts for profitable corps at this pt
If don't cut they won't come and invest. Most of them will leave US. Do you have jobs to give and money to pay 50m US workers?
Bs. Cutting corp taxes has never done anything but tank the economy. They don't use it to hire people. History proves this 100%
And raising taxes makes them hire people?
Yes. Historically, it stimulates the economy and creates other jobs which then create demand in the big corps that paid more. #History101
Historically raising taxes stimulates the economy? Care to share a reference or 2? I'm not sure that has ever worked. Even once.
So cut taxes, Schumer, on the middle class. And quit spending. Look in the mirror. Hypocrite.
Trump will never care for the average person. NEVER!
Sorry,  you are WRONG! Trump didn't HAVE to give up his cushy millionaire life to MAGA, he chose to do that to serve his country. @POTUS
Ya, Chuck, you need to promise to allow more unskilled labor to flood across the border to keep those wages up...wait a second, that would..
As someone who works in a factory, when I hear the corporations are making more money, that just means more money I'm not getting.
Then quit or get another job or build a factory. Just stop whining as if you are being forced to accept your wages.
The Democrats don't get it and all their obstructing they can't see what's right in front of their face.Trump is making this economy amazing
Yeah, of course he is.
How are the corporation helping the workers who made them rich. Remember the workers are the ones who help build these companies.
The workers for a paycheck, that's how. Fair exchange. The workers do not own the company and do not deserve any profits.
Hmmm.....maybe if we had anything left after paying for Obamacare?!?!
You're a liar. If you're a vet, as your bio claims, you have free VA. So either your bio lies or you lie about premiums.
You didn't think too much about that the last 8 years you fake
The man has no clue. He is rushing to take credit for the markets before he puts in any work to actually affect it. #TrumpLies
Um coal mines hired over 40k ppl making 100k a yr gas industry hired every one back laid off '15 & construction co are begging for people
There is absolutely no way 40k $100k year jobs have been created by coal since Trump.
Must be the drug dealers in coal country - epicenter of Opiod addiction
Funny how it's not the coal miners overdosing . Plus all mines do random drug tests on their employees. Look it up in wv it's the welfare
Yes, pls tell us clown as you pay your interns $0.00 - phony liberal hypocrisy @TEN_GOP
Maybe all the the illegal immigrants with no skills are driving down wages.  Ever thought about that Chuckie?
Who do you think owns these corporations? WE do! In our IRAs, 401Ks and insurance policies! You attack American Corps, you attack Americans!
I want my question answered. If you care so much about the worker why haven't you helped us in NY?
Good old Chuck looking out for the little guy while he collects tax payers money and puts it in his pocket.
How about worrying about the people that work for these corporations and are barely able to make ends meet?
Thank you @SenSchumer #local3 has been on Strike for 128 days we aren't asking for more money we just want our Medical and pension.
As if that doesn't cost more money. You want a pension? Oh, sure, and medical, of course. How about a pillow for your head and a bib.
So why do they need a tax cut? I know why I need one...but corporations and the wealthy?
I LOST OVER $300,000+. AND JOBS,HEALTH, MONEY FROM DADS DEATH & ALL BECAUSE OF BAD DRUGS- MY DAD,UNCLE,AUNT DIED ALSO-BAD DRUGS - FIX FDA !!
Yes! Lets have $15 an hour.. With that we will lose jobs and maybe force bussiness to close their doors.. Can we afford more unemployment??
Obama's crooked regulations,corrupt laws,lawless trade,horrendous taxes,illegals, drugs,fast/furious,ACA,trillions give away-UR1 world gov
Who are you kidding look at all the retail businesses closing
Senator Schumer will talk about the economy.
Unions are ruining NYC.
And what are you paid.  Who pays for your Cadillac health care.  Hypocrite
There's a corporation in the White House, posing as a human. Lock HIM up, it's coming
You can not give corporations money and expect them to pass it on. Corporate America is Greed. There is no respect for workers.
What have you and your cronies done for the American Worker in the last 8 years?
Well Trump hasn't done anythit yet to fuq up the economy. We are still sitting on Obama's policies, so I guess #ThanksObama
It won't be long - dismantles, reconds and deregulates DAILY. #GiveItTime they say... thinking his economic strategy runs tandem with NUKES
What does a progressive communist know about such concerns? You have achieved 15 in many areas. Total disaster.
I think this is a pretty big slip up by him. You can run with this message. No corp tax cuts. Increase wages and worker protections.
Is it not cooperation that will give the people jobs  and pay salary and wages?
Donny only cares about the rich! He has proven that over & over!
I found this interesting. Not sure if you'd seen it so thought I'd share. Cheers 
Shumer, that has to be a joke, no way you care about the American worker. Your too far left. Where did the middle go?
That takes more time than a few months Chuckie and you know that.  This economic trend hasn't happened under a Democratic President.  #MAGA
Not to worry USA progressive libtardmods are here 2 ruin any gains that prove politicians R useless , just power hungry butt wads
Chuck I have read most of your tweets and wonder how the Democratic party have ever gotten to where they are today.
Your party is clearly not for the American people. I believe greed and power has polluted your party.
Thank you @SenSchumer !!

TOO MANY IMMIGRANTS increases labor supply and lowers wages. Economics 101. I know of #ABetterDeal - Vote Chuckles out of office 2018!!!!!
Low pay and undesirable working conditions is what happens when corporations and politicians make people think unions are unnecessary.
Minimum wage hike =Tax increase + it reinforces the nanny state where no work is done
You haven't done ANYTHING in how many years in politics Chuck!  Only worried about ur self.
Taking GDP into account, corporate profits after tax peaked at 0.1+ in 2012 and have slid a little since
His motivations are perfectly clear. Specifically, make more money for corporations so CEO's will buy more condo's in upcoming Trump Condo's
Its almost like some of us knew he didn't care about average Americans...
10 people seriously tell me how much more $ they're making, $ in Bank, mortgage pd off, etc
Well they obviously voted for change since u & ur cronies could only deliver about 1.5% of GDP growth over 2 terms
Yeah it's called Tax reform and repealing Obamacare if @SenSchumer and the Dems would quit acting like spoiled children more would get done.
You have resisted EVERyTHING from trump so the current situation is on Obama and you Dems. Blame yourself. Hypocrite.
Trump is responsible for better economy. @SenSchumer  look at Amazon today, look at new Wisconsin jobs.   Chuckie, quit lying. 
Trumpty Dumpty has nothing at all to do with Amazon's success.
What are they going to do with all that cash on their balance sheets? We've asked for years?
One day you will run the table
What have you done for past couple centuries.  Only lining your pocjets along with your lobby friends
Chucky. do tell the "American Worker"  how much you make. Also tell us how many days a yr you work. And. how is your health ins?
Sir, someone should tell the truth, more Jobs are automated. New skill sets are needed. Yet #45 and Congress fight over lies. Help American
Stop obstructing. Respect what the American people decided. We chose @realDonaldTrump.
As those who work hard to actually do the work do not share in this growth of profit! Good news for whom?
Oh, he has his new racist #RAISEAct to take care of American Workers, or so @StephenMillerDC blares at press today while marginalizing them.
Democrats did nothing.
Who do u want, immigrants or Americans
Dem get kickbacks from PPH, do not have to live under #OBAMACARE, work less & take more vacations than we Americans, & we pay them for that?
Which is why American workers are not making enough money to support their families. VOTE for what you want & deserve Americans.
Chuck,R full of lies for Americans. U R a copy of Obama. Rep R doer's except 4 Collins & McCain. Dem want Govt control over us & our Freedom
Suddenly, you've awakened!
If companies are not making $ how can they pay employees?  Come on Chuck, even you're smart enough to understand that logic.
It's his platform, right?
#trumpisweak
You tell him Chuck!!
Thanks to Obama bringing the economy back from another GOP pile of shit! #TheResistance
what about the workers getting some share???
How is T who never was in politics ever made this possible w/$& Lies our votes did not count how is T w/ Russian CONTACT still in office
I and stunned at this disgusting president. Disrespects women the Boy Scouts police department the cities have 2 clap 4 4him! #ImpeachTrump
GOD HELP IS ALL!
PLEASE SOMEONE TWEET ME BACK ON THIS ! Please someone tweet me I respect anyone who works in our American fields of our fruits of hard labor
Great question Chuck,this is how he misleads his base.some have jobs but no raise for 10 yrs. it IS the corps that r winning
Question? Is the white American class person going to pick our fruits &vegetables and take care of our horses or will we just not have food
Fact
But the immigrants he speaks of are treated horribly and get paid next 2nothing and work harder than most Americans that were born hereSO--
I understand more than I want 2 as a person who is on disability and if not taxpayers there would be no federal system4 me and ones like me
Is this Merit system t is putting into legislation today this RAISE ACT based on their skills for citizenship oh my gosh these ppl work hard
Hi Chuck I'm a supporter Trump is not my president he is a dictator thankU much I can't help but call you Chuck Trump is on TV right nowOMG!
His focus is making America Great for those with Large Stock Portfolios, rather than the struggling worker. #LipstickRevolutions
As you vote yourself another pay increase  with premium benefits to boot. Wtg schumer 
They don't care about us especially when they wanted to take our healthcare away

You may forgot the damn is lost the election it is up to you to go to the to compromise not the other way around
Need more unions! CEO's won't work w/o a contract 4 wages & benefits, why should we?
You can't be a diet-GOP and expect to win.
Why are you agreeing with the Republicans on tax cuts for the rich? If you don't offer a viable alternative GOP will win
@ColSand42 @realDonaldTrump companies complain they can't find qualified workers, maybe we should put some taxes towards schools
@DeanieB123 @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends So I guess corporate tax reform is off the table!
@ColSand42 @realDonaldTrump and they tell us corporations need huge tax cuts because they are "hurting".
Corp allow investors to profit but leave out employees and the community perhaps corporate, non CEO, salaries should be indexed to revenue
@SenSchumer do you honestly think @realDonaldTrump gives half a damn about workers? He is the robber barons reincarnate.
maybe because you shipped the jobs overseas and let all the illegals in for the rest..

Yep. I work 3 part time jobs to try to get by.
Yea what about it dick with  @SenSchumer  8 years of obama not 1 raise & In fact hrs. cut from 40 to 36 for over a year From a Machinist 
The American worker is a slave to the corporate capitalist proprietors modeled after plantations where ppl are replaced not taken care of
You talk about wages & incomes, yet you pay your interns $12/hr living in DC. Think about the American worker. Pay up & keep pace Chucky 
Low wages, meager social security, & poor people w/ out healthcare- that's the reality. There's no ROAR when you're living check to check.
What happened to the $15 wage
Anyone whose been paying attention for decades knows he doesn't care about American workers, or else he wouldn't have stiffed hundreds of $
Will all that money be trickling down to the rest of us?
All he cares about is the amount of $ the corps show on their reports. He doesn't care about anything else. We don't matter.
Trump is the president of fat, rich old white guys.
Charles Grassley called your ass out! Lying Schumer! Bahahaha lmao
What about them, @SenSchumer? You've been in office for 30yrs and haven't created a job or helped a single lerson except yourself! #MAGA
Good stuff Chuck, Obama had 8 yrs...give this POTUS 8 yrs. Dems are scared that ppl will see they don't have 2 depnd on gvmnt once jobs come
You mean the American workers without Caddy insurance who watched their policies blow up? What about the victims of your ACA? Hypocrite 
Hey Chuckie EVERYONE is hiring!!!! And LOOK  at the stock market!! We r recovering!!!!
If you, ChuckYou, and the other Marxicrats gave a damn for "the American worker," you would resign at once. 

#TCOT #TEAParty #MAGA
What kind of moron thinks wages should fluctuate with the stick market gains? Exhibits the stupidity of the @TheDemocrats party
@foxandfriends Donald Trump could care less about the average worker -
Look at Walmart.. How filthy rich this Company is and yet the employees need food assistance.  Corp only care to pad their own pockets. ugh
Maybe we should stop importing more workers. Reduce supply of workers and the price of work will increase. Simple.
Hey Chucky spread your wealth.
I am an American worker and due to new #POTUS I am making more money! #taxreform will help me keep it #stopobstructing
Wake up numb nuts, corporations put people to work. Not Dems. They prosper everyone does.
To which 45 would reply "Who?"
How much of your wealth is shared with your employees? To condone ur statement u best answer with at least 50%.
Are you referring to your plan to force double wages so you can get twice as much per hour in taxes from every working Americans paycheck?
Why do corporations only succeed in TrumpAmerica?
He does not now nor has he ever given 1 single sh*t about working Americans.
The average employee has not had any increase in income only insurance premiums going up.
chuck needs to be president
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems you antiAmerican hypocrits, now caught unmasking real patriots to try and ruin them!
@dNC collusion with Muslim Brotherhood, time for @HouseGOP @SenateGOP to ban together and support @realDonaldTrump or you will be voted out
Hey toad sweat, LOOK DEEPER. Any1, abt 79% work'n ppl, have 401k or Pension. Where do u think all this money is invested..it's stock market!
Just for the corporations, like you the little ppl make you rich, while others work 2 or 3 jobs to make ends meet!!
I'm confused - did corporations elect him?
They are ants to be stepped on.
Let's  see if he takes responsibility when the market falls.
Cutting your spending will help lower everyone's tax burden and help workers keep more if our wages. Which is effectively a raise.
you have done nothing to create jobs. So I guess we should thank Obama
Corporations are making money, that is true(but now raises for years for the workers) and one worker doing 10 jobs saves money for corps
For once You are correct.  Your party policies have caused this. Not Trumps.
Chuck, Obama obliterated the middle class AND lowered wages AND championed a victim mentality in our youth.  You sir are a HUGE hypocrite
What about yours

@realDonaldTrump doesn't give a fuck about the American worker. #ImpeachTrumpNow #obstructionofjustice #treason #abuseofpower #pickone

Thread 7)
GOP+PAC+corp $$ (Citizens United) -> propaganda -> con Americans to think more equality then exists.
@SenSanders @SenKamalaHarris 
So, the fact is that Co's are not investing in jobs not for lack of capital but Corp greed -> CEO comp , stk buybacks -> tax brk Not needed
And the rich get richer. This is beyond sad. When will DT SHUT THE F UP?! I wish there was a foot-stamping-pulling-out-hair emoji!
What about the women of @SenWarren office who DO NOT receive the same wages as men in her office? Hypocrisy rules supreme w/ Dems. #MAGA
What about the American woman, Chuck? #ReproRightsAreHumanRights
grow up  chuck
Pretty sure DT's talking about his 1% buddies globally, that already have or don't need very cushy jobs, Senator.
please resign now chuck
So if corporations have never made as much money as they are now, why do they need more tax cuts?
CorporateGreed is hurting the working class. #Local3 are fighting against Spectrum They are trying to take our Medical and pension away.
@foxandfriends He despises the American worker.
You said what I was thinking when I read Trump's idiotic tweet.
yours have. you still enjoying that 70% subsidy from obama on your insurance? Have you ever been honest?
In your dreams bud, where you got that? What did you smoke? U mean ur friends? no doubt the psychopath is getting more delusional by the day
Trump doesn't give a s#$t about the average American.
@foxandfriends Let's not forget, Chucky, everyone's 401k goes up with corporate profits=better care for seniors
Totally true. Years into Recovery and with Full Employment, U.S. Wages Still Lag. Here:
@SenSchumer youve had 8 years to help "keep the pace" but you failed
So that's on you Chuckie. You, Obama & the rest of the Dem oppressors tried to eliminate the mid class w/Ocare to fill ur own pockets
WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT IMPEACHMENT AND A NEW ELECTION, FFS!!
Well let's nationalize the corporations..for the worker! #Venezuela 
Yes, what about us..we haven't gotten a raise in years!
I'm not.
Senator - He doesn't car about workers after he fooled them into voting for him!
Total success. Huge! Exactly what they set out to do. Trumpers starve. Blame obama. Nice
But what about us worker bees?
With Trump the rich get richer and screw the poor and middle class
Careful, Chuck, Dems have had a hand in dismantling the middle class, and with it the American worker.
Where are the jobs?
Only Trump supporters are getting the jobs. Sorry 
<spittake> WTF u doing .@SenSchumer to create medicare-for-all or a national $15/hr minimum wage? Establishment hacks go home #FeeltheBern
Worker productivity, corporate profits, share prices & stock market , all costs of living up exponentially over decades, real wages FLAT.
It has only been 6 mos-at lst he got grwth in ngp-it takes time for trckle effect-But more importantly what have u & demorats done in 6 mos?
@Millennial_Pess @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Corporations are the only ones profiting off the backs of Americans !
Obama had 8 yrs 2 increase wages&incomes. U had, I think, MORE than 8. Why blame Prez Trump for UR decisions & policies that FAILED? HelpFIX
In fairness GOP made sure that doesn't  happen for decades, living wages are a sin 4 them. It's not just a Trump problem it's a @GOP problem
I agree
#MoreHumanismLessTheism #ETHICS #SinglePayer
Good point....what about the "forgotten man," Donald @realDonaldTrump ?
Schumer you have done your best to destroy the middle class.
You sold 'em out to China
