You're right. They need to just repeal that garbage #ObamaCare altogether.
That "garbage" is the reason I can still be insured at all, and covered me when I would have had a gap in my coverage. It's a life-saver.
It's my wife's death sentence 139,000 in debt due to ACA LOOPHOLES. Middle Class getting crushed Family coverage more then mortgage.
I believe you, man. ACA has saved a lot of people, but the insistence on a faux market mechanism and subsidies is problematic
I'm really sorry, those numbers may seem astronomical to people who haven't been sick yet, but those of us who are know they're sadly real
If you and your wife lived in England, Australia, or Canada, the very possibility of that kind of cost to treatment would be virtually nil
Where I live have a LOT of Canada residents who come USA under duel citizenship have surgery bc they say Canada Ins Sucks #Snowbird surgery
I know that's not materially true, though, because I have Canadian friends and I have considered moving to Ontario, and had to look in more
Ok. Sen. Schumer, now you and other Dems reach over and work with Repubs to get healthcare out of the hands of insurance companies!
Pharmaceuticals seem to be a huge part of the problem. Americans being charged 4-7x what people in other countries charged.
Who will pay for R&D in the future?
1/2 Why is the US footing the bill? Why are we paying so much more than other countries for same products? Because they can get away with it
2/2 There is little transparency here for the insured as to what anything costs.
For pharmacy, I agree. For medical procedures, there is pretty good transparency. Read the EOBs from your insurer.
That's why I didn't include procedures. (Though it still takes work to get the info)
Takes work?  The insurers I've had in last ten years all mail me the details every visit.
But when is the @DNC going to acknowledge that a single-payer system is the only logical and cost-effective way out of our subpar healthcare
I appreciate that you cats are fighting against Trumpcare, but the core problem in cost/access is private insurance, period.
No, the R's can't pass it...don't be ignorant.
Btw, those red exclamation points are scary ;)
What care would that be Chuck? I get penalized monetarily for not obeying orders by big government. Does that seem American to you?
U will be paying the Saudi's to drive on. How about allowing our national parks to become mining and fracking sites?
Saudis have been involved a lot longer than 6 months bud.
Yes they have been "involved" in some American business but not like this.
Ok
If Chuckie's mouth is moving he is lying.
Then you'd have a light  bulb!
You know what's so funny? If the Dems could get working people to vote for them, they wouldn't have to destroy this country
No, they are showing all America that obumnercare is a failure and they are letting you know it by letting it fail. Get real
Just like Ocare was. It's time for dems to stop whining and sit down and work with GOP.
If the House and Senate were required to be under Obama Care too, the solutions might improve! Talk the talk...AND walk the walk!

It will never be workable. The gov should not touch my car, or home, and differently not my health insurance. It was off before Obamacare
ACA is unworkable but you passed it!
Hey chuck. How'd we get here in the first place. I don't see you people on Obamacare either. Why not?  Good enough for us good enough 4 you?
Actually the ACA requires exactly that -- the GOP bill exempted themselves.
That should insure they are all voted out of office
Repeal Obamacare or your next election is your last
For sure OBAMACARE NEED TO DIE SO WE CAN HAVE COMPETITION AND LOW COSTS
there is only obama care. There is not TRUMP care. No matter how many time you lie about it. it isn't going to happen. FETCH. #maga
kind of like...we have to pass it so we can see what's in it??  Democrats own this monstrosity!
Don't think republicans aren't ready to work stand up get the real word out and MAGA
YOU ARE A LIAR! KEEP YOUR DOCTOR YOU SAID! DEDUCTIBLE WILL NOT GO UP YOU SAID! LIES LIES LIES LIES GET YOUR ASS IN THERE & REPEAL OBAMACARE!
Don't obstruct, Senator Chuck! Cross the aisle- don't pass the buck. Maybe then the bill won't suck!
you own the  debacle. You are a foolish old man.. republicans think for themselves. You are the party of lemmings, nice job.
It proves that the DEMS. ARE THE REAL OBSTRUCTIONISTS !!!
And you put so much into helping your phone hypocrite
The core of the bill is #Obamacare the shit bill you wrote and passed!! Oh and exempted yourself from!!!
You wish!
#FixtheACA Why won't the senators consider my hashtag?
U hypocrite! DEMs passed O'care w/o a GOP vote! My premium went up $400 in 2017! U think I can afford ACA? O'care is failure. Ur debacle. 
High deductibles High monthly costs that equal a mortgage payment Oh wait! YOU dont care! You celebrate suffering! You just Obstruct!No help
As is the core of ACA-----so now what do we do?
You democrats want to see this country fail and become a socialist country like Venezuela. You have lied to the american people long enough.
Please quit blaming the President Obama Care is on YOU
#DrainTheSwamp ROOT CAUSE: "Potted Plants". SOLUTION: #TermLimits for ALL: POTUS & SCOTUS (8 yrs); SEN & HOR (12 yrs.) Get behind this 
really. Obamacare is worse. Help
-(2/2) Dems r good at 1 thing: giving away taxpayers HARD EARNED DOLLARS!U have been doing that for over 8 years!Bankrupted the middleclass!
-(1/2)What it is proof positive of is this: Obamacare is a bunch of broken promises! Obamacare is failing and you Dems ignore! You and the
If Obamacare was workable as bad a train wreck is it is, ANYTHING else is workable
While your dickin around crying about Russia..you are letting OBAMA care implode without fixing it. It's YOUR Obama care-YOUR responsibility
Blatant lack of Integrity! Trumpcare/Obamacare whatever. Real issue=NONEOFYOUCARE for hard working people burdened with mess YOU inflicted!!
Chuck you are a liar in march  you said "the republicans should here this no democrats will participate in the repeal of Obamacare period"
Way2 pay4 single-payer, put Obamacare staff in all 1200SSA offices & work 2 shifts not 1/day http://whitecollargreenspace.blogspot.com   & it cuts pollution50%
2pressure Ins companies in Areas w/ no Obamacare plans govt must give citizens option of temporary Medicare/Medicaid cards(singlepayer test)
Well if the Democratic idiots had not done Obama Care on there own we wouldn't have this problem. #DemocraticPropaganda

@SenGillibrand Why is no one talking about regulating how much health insurance co.s can profit?  Isn't a sliding scale based on income fair
#DemocraticPropaganda #DEMLies we need term limits now to get rid of Democrats
You are a hipocrite did you do you let anyone debate Obama care NO DEMS DID NOT! U RAMMED IT DOWN OUR THROATS! STOP OBSTRUCTING #SUPPORT45
What's your plan besides obstruction?
Don't make the same mistakes the GOP did. Campaign on a FIX for ACA; shout it from the rooftops!
Chucky you dig the hole person falls in and classic lefty crap blame the person
You and Dems own Obamacare, you passed it, Obama signature on it! YOU OWN IT! Failure proof to show dems disconnected!
Under Obamacare there are more uninsured, premiums skyrocketing & deductibles through the roof. Obamacare/Dems 2 blame not GOP.
Thank you
It's not Trump care it belongs entirely to the GOP just like that horrible AHC belongs entirely to Dems Do your damn job or get the hell out
Mr. Schumer, you and your democrats are to blame for this mess. And you are the ones who turned the American people into “political pawns.”
Trumps gonna let it fail and Cryin Chuck's all over tv begging repubs to help save it.  LET IT FAIL!!!
American people know all that comes out of your mouth is all lies. Obama care is going to be a threat to life for the american people
We hope now the Dems can help lead the majority party toward something we can live with.
This isn't Trump's fault! This is YOUR fault!  By kissing Obama's behind & passing a Law you had no idea about! Your behavior is a Disgrace!
Please help them
Take responsibility for ACA It's imploded 4 those forced to pay. Someone pays for free. STOP Obstructing or no more free either
The joy on your face is sad.  My insurance absolutely sucks and is 200% opposite from 2007, and u could give a shit.
It's proof the left isn't going to work to help Americans.......your pathetic

Only failure is Obamacare!  You dems f****d it up  beyond repair. And most of all you screwed it up for the working middle class!
Repeal or resign @SenSchumer
Do you honestly think you Dums can do better??? Why haven't you come up with a better bill you bigmouth!
Let's see how "workable" your worthless Obamacare performs schumer. I say you OWN IT. You and the rest of the Democratic Party. OWN IT!
Now the Democrats can prove once and for all that Obamacare will work perfectly!
What is wrong is that progressive liberal socialist ideology doesn't work. The government needs to get completely out of health care.

So now is time for both parties to work on a real HC bill! Now is the time for single payer! Dems must offer a solution!
Senators so selfish!  knowing ACA is over, failed-take over that's wrong for US caused me and many others to suffer. UR mean
In your words "Stay tuned."
I don't care who said what or when!  Do YOUR job and fix the damn thing for the American people. These two parties are embarrassing!!
#ProtectOurCare repeal without replace obamadeath and gov stay the hell out of our healthcare!
#ProtectOurCare repeal obamadeath and impeach every one that voted for it.
#ProtectOurCare should have been hash tag when dc first got involved in our health care. Pack of wolves, all of u.
didn't stop u from passing obamadeath! u brought great harm to middle class Americans. u are a liar who cares only for self.
Now let's work together across the aisle to fix the ACA, if you can get McConnell to do something that actually helps average Americans.
Repubs didn't work with President Obama for eight years and now they are squawking about no bipartisan help. Revisionist history
AND it's immoral! Thank you for leading the Senate effort to defeat it.

To bad Dems passed a bill that was doomed to fail and you want to blame Repubs! Epic fail guess what u read it before signing @NancyPelosi
Please explain Mr. Schumer your proof positive

BS!
- obstructing for obstruction sake will NOT get Dems the coveted seats neither in Congress, nor in Senate 
No, it's proof that Dems care far more about their ideology than what's good for this Nation. Cont....
I think you all need to go on Obamacare
I support ACA as long we dont ever get "Single Payer"
Who cares bill is gone, dems owns Obamacare, let it fail.
Stop this crap.  Get to work.  There's no effort involved with complaining.
Chuck, I  wouldn't  be placing any predictions #2018. We see what's going on.
It's *actually* proof that ObamaCare is alive and well and political gold for previously wimpy Dems. Embrace it enthusiastically and win.
U Dems gave us this crap,now live with it. You Dems have no ideas, just more entitlements which got us here in the first place.Pathetic Dem

This mess created by Dems. Now the Reps try & clean it up the right way. Stop complaining & work together.
Republicans had 7 years 2 come up w a better plan, instead they came up w something that will hurt millions of Americans
No that was your Dem friends. They made Obamacare to fail so they could gain control over 1/6 of our economy. There should have been laws to
People are going to die because Obamacare still alive, this is on Obama/Schumer/Pelosi/Warren/Democrats!
I also pray that dems loose their seats in 2018.  We need to drain the swamp and your the swamp!
why don't you Dems stop acting like a bunch of children and take responsibility for your failed health care.
I also pray that dems loose their seats in 2018.  We need to drain the swamp and your the swamp!
Get off your high horse and help the American people
so far no one has been able to explain why we need Govt. run health care! let free enterprise work!

Yup and at the core is ACA.
Or could it be you and other Dems are " resisting" do what's best for America, not what you think makes Trump look bad..
Just like Obamacare
And so is Obamacare. What are you doing to help SOLVE the problem for your constituents & all Americans? Please be specific.
What kind of medical insurance do you have?
It's because #Democrats are resisting everything that President Trump is doing. You put everything & everyone before Americans.  #MAGA
I'd say "satanic!" How MANY ppl do they need 2 kill or make suffer b4 they R egotistically satisfied? Apparently, a lot! #MAGA #Dems
You people made pact to shutdown any n every proposal Trump would make.  We all know and you know it. Most America voted Trump
The CORE of this failed bill was attempting to save ACA...so I agree with you Chuck!  The CORE is failing
you mean protect the overpriced premiums ACA has created and deductibles that keep families from actually using their insurance.
Senator your a liar stop it and work with the President's agenda
WTF. Heard Cucky Schumer today. Is this old guy full of hate. He is a very bad hateful person. He has become wealthy spewing hate for years.
Don't need to work with any Democrats, we have already seen the turd they gave us. The Government needs to stay out of health insurance.
The core is obamacare. Repeal it. If Congress had the same health care as the American people you could/would fix it.#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
TRUMP could written a medical care law in gold and you still would have turned it down you'll turn down everything present Trump puts forth
The "great" negotiator #Trump hasn't defeated isis in 30 days, has not replaced #Obamacare. He's failing under his own words #fakenews
Obamacare has fail in every state multiple times. Proof the core policy sucks.
Why should health care be different than life, home or auto insurance. Let me buy directly from ins company. Keep govt out of it.
Thank you, Senator. #ObamaCare is far from perfect, But it's moronic to replace it with terrible law for pure politics. #KeepAmericaGood
Months ago, I had a friend say "Shumer is a really good guy"... Yesterday he said "I don't know what happened, he's never been like this B4"
You're.right. You won.Let Obamacare continue and as the results unfold,you and your Democrat colleagues earn all the recognition and credit
Time for Dems to prepare & propose in-depth measures to the ACA acceptable to both parties and work out something so everyone has coverage.
Because Trumpcare doesn't contain the core of what insurance really is, the effort to share risk across the largest number of individuals.
Now you and all the other Dems need to reach over and work with the Republicans to get healthcare out of the government's hands. #FullRepeal
Oh Chuckie it's the Democratic Party that's a failure Your party needs to get over the lose and start working with POTUS. #MAGA
Bad acting and corrupt politics concern your self with nyc
Take the power that the Pharmaceutical companies & Insurance companies have over our healthcare!
Please Senator Schumer take the high road, reach across the aisle and show how bipartisan works, especially show the White House!
Schumer, Obstructionist....
Unlike your side who just passes bills to see what is in it, all bills proposed should take some critical thought before a vote.
How many Americans already don't have care because penalty costs less than premiums?
"Cryin' Chuck," spineless  leading the double-down bet on pipe-dream socialist policy. Founding fathers rolling over in graves.
#resist #PERSISTENCE dont let @GOP and Trump destroy us!!
And Obamacare has failed! Give me a break, you hypocrite! I work in medical. Obamacare has failed miserably!
No, it's evidence revised bill is "Obamacare-lite" = another unsustainable, unaffordable Federal program for working class.
Obamacare's sinking fast and the D's are going down with the ship! Can you swim Senator?
The mouth that spits GARBAGE
Chuck, you are a good man!
Good luck next election you will go no where love trump
@HouseGOP should wait for the next round of 30-100% increases to hammer obstructionist Dems for their "cooperation" with Ocare fiasco!
It is time for the three C's: cooperation, compromise and communication among our members of congress
Actually what it proves is that Xcare by the government doesn't work. Doesn't matter who puts it in place. Your pompousness is showing.
I agree So now it's time for you Democrats to quit being babies and work with the president for a better plan for all.
Satisfactory
Repubs don't even care about people, they just are looking at it as a game they want to win, as Trump would say "SAD"
Mr. Schumer are you on Obama Care? How much do you pay? That's right ZERO!!!!
....says the evil and diabolical Chuck "Darth Vader" Schumer...
Thank you Mr Schumer for fighting for the people of New York City.
Try to convince Trump to go back to his roots! GOP unable to govern. Trump wants higher approval rating he needs to work with Dems
You guys are all talk and no action!! You have a chance to prove to the people that you care!!  Come up with a solution!!
Instead of just tweeting why don't you just do your job and work for the American People!!  Your just as bad not doing anything about it!!!
Why don't you DEMS work together and come up with a better plan!!!
Then do something about it!! Come out with something that works!!
FYI Chuckie it ain't "Trumpcare" geniusWe're "HERE" because of FAILED Barrycare & FAILED CongresscareDoyour JOB!!!
Let Obamacare die so Americans can come together on a healthcare system that works! America First
Chuckle, your statement untrue. republican party made up of moderates and conservatives unlike your alt left liberal dems like lemmings
It's not called Trumpcare!
So what's your plan? If ACA stays as is and fails who are you going to blame?
heard speech to work across the aisle-if each willing Dem takes the hand of willing Rep friend,sits at table-What a photo for Nation healing
Why you so happy Obama care is done and healthcare in the USA is in trouble and your happy unreal
Protect our care? Well by that do you mean the how I pay for 10+ illegals insurance and how my premiums went up over 200%?
Failure?  Since when are working proposals failures?  A failure would be the current Democrat passed Healthcare Bill.
I LOVE YOU CHUCK!!!!
