I want to read the actual Graham-Cassidy bill. Where can I find it or don’t you want us to read it for ourselves.
Maybe we need a March in Washington .... or some other "discource"
#ProtectOurCare #CHIPworks
Who cares? #fakenews
Trump lied about not touching medicare
No he didn't.
Time to Defund Planed Parenthood they kill 1 million Baby’s a year and Democrats support..Not the NRA they don’t support killing of anyone
Once again you obstruct. Try it can always fix it unlike you do for health care
I am 65. I’m scared by the GOP’s reckless disregard for elders and the poor.
Why don't you just sing on to #MedicareForAll Chuck? Give the ppl what they want you sellout!
Should have sent a sing-a-gram. I not sure he can read!
Let's repeal Obamacare and restore the $700B that it stole from Medicare.
Cut cut cut hahahahaha give me back my money. We have wasted billions on illegals and lifetime welfare people
Give us an option not just tweets
all entitlements need to be cut!  Big government needs to be cut!  You need to go!
Why don't you all right a tax reform bill how you want it ?
I want to know Exactly where the proposed GOP Budget cuts Medicare.  Time to put up of shut up Schumer. No more scare tactics
It's time to pass tax reform! Stop the BS!
Work your magic
Why don’t you give back to SSN and medicare what was taken years ago?
You should have urged your colleagues not to bloat the Medicaid rolls w Obamacare
Why because people will see what a fool u and your swamp cronies r. And the snake oil u try and sell us. Your done Chuck.
You aren't a economics major, so your points are considered invalid.
Please someone, tell me how & where this cuts medicare? Will it affect me? I've been on medicare for yrs. @SenSchumer @SenateDems
.

TREMENDOUS ACCOMPLISHMENTS

(in less than 2-weeks)

.
Schumer your still creating the monstersThey will come for you next like they did pelosi.Better start pushing that agenda towards the right
Yah, as IF he's even reading them - let alone considering them. Dems need to wake up & get REAL. This isn't politics as usual anymore Chuck.
Waiting on your proposal.
Pass the budget it stops all chuckies & his pack of dems pork belly programs for his daca & illegals Save America vote out all dems 2018
but at the same time you all have no plan
Wow. You guys should take the rest of the week off! You wrote a note! You must be exhausted!!
You need to start going on cable news and letting people know about these cuts! It is a back door way to gut healthcare!
Damn right cut Medicare
The obstructionist Democrats at it again... scare tactics and tired old cheap rhetoric ! Do your job Democrats and stop your divisiveness!
Better look out for this!
I bet that will do it!
Please support S253! We need your help Senator. Happy National #PhysicalTherapy Month! #APTA #ChoosePT
Just a friendly reminder that Dem Senator Menendez is on trial for helping his friend steal $105 million from Medicare.
It cut planned parenthood! That's it and any thing PPH has to offer can be found at your private doctor's and hospital's!
The only ppl that trusts you are mindless sheep. The rest of us see ur plan to destroy America.
Then make an appt to Meet with the President as soon as he returns from Las Vegas!!  And stop hiding behind your letters to him.
And he threw paper towels at you? @POTUS doesn’t get it. #ImpeachTrump
I'm waiting for your apology. You lier.

We wrote @POTUS and begged him to make you take same Healthcare as we have & no subsides like most of America.  Feel our pain
How do they keep doing this stuff and still win elections?  Crazy!
$20+T in debt and he wants tax breaks and no cuts. Classic Chucky.
You should be ashamed of yourself, acting like a child.
of course you know he doesn't and probably can't read, but the tweet may work if he follow you. sigh

.@ADL_NY getting reports that this hate mail piece has been sent to numerous Jewish owned businesses. We are in close contact w/ #NYPD HCTF 

dems do not count they are just obstructing with no basis in fact other than to look relevant

YOU ARE AN ALT-LEFT WACKO DEMOCRAT

Please urge them to Ban assault weapons!!
No such thing .
He is a moron Chuck. He won’t do shit.

Thank Mr. Chuck 
