Why is our president bombing countries?  Why isn't congress saying anything?
I guess Russia wants their pipeline as much as the Clinton Cartel wants theirs.
And our uranium. Thanks Hillary..
It also shows the lies Rice,Kerry, and Obama spend about the elimination of Syria's chemical weapons!
Hey chuckie. Where on ur list is voting for term limits and voting for the American citizens to vote for any raises and not I vote 4 ur own
Please tell us Chuck.
Then as senator, why did you let him walk all over Obama, seize Crimea etc., move his troops into Syria. U are so full of crap
I WANT TRUMP GONE.   HE IS A DISASTER
why don't you answer the phones at any of your offices? On vacation?
It's a shame that this simple logic is incomprehensible 2 the ppl that support this Trump Adm
Why aren't the dems trying to stop the start of WWIII? While the cats away the mouse (Trump) will play! Save the US before it's to late!
Congratulations! This was your best tweet of the year!
Keep at it. Trump needs to be removed. The sooner the better
Today's Russian charade was so obviously just that. An attempt to tangle the web of lies. We are not stupid! We see them.
You know what message I got from the bomb? I got our President is a loser, a liar, and a liability. Time to cut him loose. Chuck wake up!

U have been useless for years. Obama was useless for 8 years
What is YOUR obsession with starting wars with other countries why don't you concentrate on fixing this country bud out of other countries.
Is this a surprise to U after Crimea, Ukraine, and prior Syria Putin actions? Are U seeing the real world not the delusional BO verison?
Come on who's really believing they made Syria get rid of the chemical weapons or that they in anyway would try to stop the Syrians
Ok what do you suggest? All talk no action
The UN is a paper kitten filled with bubble heads and liberals.
Will you and your democratic partners and really messed up our relationship with Russia you cause a war you're going to be held accountable
MAYBE YOU SHOULD HAVE ANOTHER TALK WITH YOUR BUDDY PUTIN CHUCK
Obama's failure to back his red line ultimatum with action may have led to this latest murder of innocent Syrian civilians. Rice abetted too
Hillary, our almost president also aided and abetted in the Benghazi massacre by not giving our Embassy help and protection when they asked
And your investigation into President Trump an utterly Hollow investigation. Now investigate Obama, Clinton, 500 Billion error, uranium etc
Who supplied ISIS with weapons over there.
China abstains from vote shows things were not all that cozy w Trump from Chinas point of view.  Guarded.
Why don't you address what is going on in Chechnya
I never thought I'd say this but....I agree with you.  Theirs hope for America when we work together and compromise
Also shows you that Russia and Trump are not linked.
It also exposes the fact that Russia acted without and Trump faction. Now it's a completely false editorial from the left.
good thing 44 & Dems put faith in Russia to get rid of Chem weapons in Syria; how did that work out; world happy 44 is gone.
Exactly.
Let's get Susan "all the poisonous gas is gone through diplomacy" Rice in front of Congress.
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch....rolls of your tongue..doesn't it Chuckles??
Nice try...tough break...now crawl back under that rock!!
Time for you to step down as democratic senate leader need nee blood
So what do you want to do Chuck drop a bomb on Russia? What an idiot
Trump doesn't want one either. All noise. They are in this together. Look into the timing of the chem attack. Too convenient for DJT.
Hey Chuck what have you done for me lately? Worry about #NY and worry about #USA
unless it is raising taxes; highest utility costs in the country, decaying infrastructure; I think that covers it
Chuck, Chuck, Chuck.... please just go sit down & shut up for a change... you are draining me
Yep and your master knew it prior to leaving and kept it secret.
Too bad @BarackObama gave him the flexibility aid Assad. Right again Chuck #obama left a mess for @POTUS
He has no commitment and never will have a commitment to working with the Int'l community.....
WAKE UP and get used to it!
Hollow?
He's the most powerful,most dangerous Int'l criminal responsible -> terrorism, billions in $ laundering, assassinations, invasions..
I stand with Trump!
Stop your propaganda, people are smarter than you think !
Like you hollow
Why is obama going to visit merkle. Should not be allowed!
And your promises to us are hollow as well
Was there any doubt this would happen? Don't think so
Duh....
As hollow as Trump's pledges to eliminate the debt, build the wall, label China currency manipulator, repeal and replace ACA?
Its because the UN would be biased against Assad. Propose an unbiased 3rd party to investigate and they would most likely agree my friend.
where was your investigation into israeli war crimes and terror attacks in new york?! Sellout zionist
Somebody should throw a net over you for your own protection.
Finally agree with you Senator.
Funny , how they welcomed an investigation ,on yesterday’s UN meeting.
@AmerMedicalAssn has a set of qualified workers @IDFPR licensed coroners! Ladies Nikki &sister not qualified©™®Finish up ACA. ARDCfrauds
CMS reading  economics in DO science tific math formula. F is fraud. Prediction of death is related to unlicensed working within state™®©
Research to ensure proper practices are in compliance. @EPA water at hospital corporations systems key factors. Alarms of 176DEC12. Truth©®™
@RussiaConnects check it all. Rule out not an issue. Heavy metal recap. Theory of blame others. Death planned nature of Jim Jones cult®™©
Predicting end of life. Junkies reality is earlier death than normal. Color grey hues vs time of deaths. Science block substrate©™®reading
Connelly-Wilson scam send support services to employees' b unlicensed practices in facilities. Have errors not accurate. ©™® test for gas
By the time Trump is done destroying everything we'll be in WW3 with Russia in no time
Hummm. There could be hope for you yet... hate to say that.
tell Putin to recuse himself
