#BREAKING: Trump has decided to end DACA, with 6-month delay
http://politi.co/2gvodg5  
Can this be defeated? It would be an important moral victory if possible.
There always is a way. Where there is life, there's a way. Obama needs to help.
this is a tricky topic. parents came illegally. Think this way: should children of criminal parents keep ill got wealth from bank robbery?
What if they were fighting to get that legal status? Now these poor souls can’t get anything now
Then they should want to convert from illegal alien to legal citizen using the Rule of Law NOT placing themselves ahead of those that are.
Looks like Texas was going to file a lawsuit if Trump didn't do this. Is that true?
Please no compromise with Trump attempts to backmail Democrats playing DACA or ACA, etc. against his never ending ridiculous racist wall!
I thought Mexico was paying for the wall???  Did @realDonaldTrump LIE??? I'm devastated 
He's holding these kids hostage and he can not be trusted.
You would think that the pathetic, corrupt, shady, Mexican Govt would have the decency to be embarrassed!  They must see us as simpatico!
While I agree w/helping DACA recipients, it is the fault of all you representatives that they are here in the 1st place!
There's about 5 billion people (these aren't 'kids') in the world that want to be good hardworking American. How many do you want to take?
These aren't 5 yo. 30% are criminals. Try defending the laws you swore to uphold. #CHUCKYOU
Many against DACA don't even understand it and lump in with "bad hombres." "Dreamers" were brought as kids, registered,r educated and work.
Average age of DACA is 36 yrs old. Every day, EVERY DAY they could have started their paperwork to be legal. 13,000 days they ignored law.
If Obama created it Trump wants to crush it.
Not what you said before Chuckie
CHUCK SCHUMER

Says ending #DACA is heartless…
- Chuck, WAKE UP! It is up to YOU and Congress to resolve this DACA ISSUE! Stop blaming @POTUS, and step up and do SOMETHING-ANYTHING!
Hope you can rally Congress to do something!!
We need a hightech wall w/towers & armed drones-many many of them! You & that mentality feeble @NancyPelosi need to contribute not obstruct!
Trump will stab everyone in the back. He must be fought on every level.  Don't think you can dance with the devil.
You just want their votes...you are scum.
Democrats could have passed immigration reform on 2009, when they had the majority in Congress + Obama as pres. Why didn't they do it then?
@realDonaldTrump is disgusting. It's time for @RepComstock to support America and the dreamers and #ImpeachTrump #VA10
Total confusion in your tweet you can't do both its either support America or support the dreamers
Ending daca hurts America but ur brain is too small one understand that....
Your not going to change my mind and I'm not going to change yours so I guess we have to agree to disagree
Sad, you don't even care about facts. If u had any good argument how ending daca is good, let me know. I can give u many on why it's bad.
Returning to law and order there is a line of people trying to come here legally they want to be here get in line
How did your ancestors come here? Who let them in? Too bad they didn't get send back
And why is it with your replies you have got to slip in a insult I'm not insulting you just trying to have conversation
Please do not give into him on the wall.  Making a deal with the devil doesn't work for anyone.
Work your magic Chuck.  You can do this!
Like you should RETHINK NOT supporting @BernieSanders Medicare For All bill. You and @NancyPelosi disgust me and so many others. TIME4CHANGE
Why Mexico hasn't been dealt with over these last many decades while their citizens flea to our country is beyond me!! Why are they coming?
This is a nice photo of 2 friends having coffee and doughnuts together. #SchumerPutin
- Chuck Schumer has colluded with Russia, and the picture proved it!!!
It's up to you in Congress to rectify this Pontius Pilate act. He's washing his hands of it and it will sit in your laps. What will you do?
Oh you Liberals are just freaking unbelievable the hate in your hearts, Satan's got you by the tits doesn't he
I love Satan. Hail The Dark Lord. <- Atheist
Which way should we now be going on DACA?  We get mixed messages----
SCHUMER VS SCHUMER: The next time someone calls @POTUS a racist show him this...
He's just enforcing a law you helped write in '86! Dems need to have the courage to change the law or stop bitching about it being enforced.
Amen!
THANK YOU!!!!!!
Que the tears Chuckie. Too bad you aren't as concerned about a spy ring in Congress, nothing to see there.
If this is important to you why are you still whining about instead of writing a bill to pass a law. POTUS don't pass laws it's your job!
This is t hate bases agenda since 08-16. UNDO ALL 44 DID! If u want2no what t Repubs want, just @what44WAS able2accomplish tRump will tak
what will your branch of govt. do about it? Surely there is compassion on both sides of the aisle for this. This is so cruel.
The parents are the ones that broke the law maybe they should be deported first
So there Chuck Schumer.   Only want to be good, hard working AMERICANs.  Better rethink that one.  Oh, he is showing you "one".
#DOCA needed to end   #congressdoyourjob
scum sucker chuck
Fighting for policies that benefit illegals over American citizens is not a winning strategy
Is that the best you got? insult our president? come on you can do better than that,but knowing you liberals it would probably even be worse
Maybe, sometime in the past 20/30 years Congress (you) might have passed legislation rather than pontificate , This is Congress failure
Its up to Congress to write and pass a bill . So working together will acomplish what you want. The ball is in your court.
Sometimes right, sometimes left, the only way to get things done. DACA for existing but no new DACA. Law s/b citizen only if born of citzn
Not in effect for 6 months so you incompetent fools can do your job.
Bullshit  
Think? Are we talking about the same person?
These "kids" are in my country illegally. If they want to be hard working Americans then come back into the country legally
Melania Tramp came on a tourist visa in 1996, which she overstayed. Worked illegally w/o permit, which means she didn't pay taxes.
Never got her green card until 2001. Bet that's okay with you.
Thought:  As a United States Senator, perhaps you could focus of the "United States" or become a CNN employee-
Hey Chuck, executive orders are not law. Making laws is what you do. So fix this, work with republican. Quit this resist gargage & #maga
Congress do your job  Work tgthr @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorTimScott

What! Marie did you also sell your to the devil? Please ask God to forgive u.before it's too late
Trumps a mad man , why is congress on vacation while he instigates Korea into WW3 ? @keithboykin @SenSchumer @RepMaxineWaters @GeorgeTakei
Meanwhile chuck u don't talk about the heroin epidemic n the country that's killing our kids u haven't spoken out once about help stop that
Why??!!  "Because Obama". What a mean-spirited little man. :/

The DACA program is unlawful. For an explanation, look no further than President Obama's own words at a 2011 town hall with Univision. 
@POTUS you suck since day one agent Orange #ImpeachTrump
Some they are NOT, just say it Idiot!
Your president did this! Have you forgotten!
The only thing I didn't like about your speech on DACA was that you didn't cry!! Boohoo. So sad!!! Not!!!!
How horrible
ever think to protect American citizens, chuckie?
Flip-flopping @SenSchumer.
CHUCK SCHUMER

Says ending #DACA is heartless…
He just gave you a chance to write law to protect them in purpous.that is you're job. Not to complain. Pick up the ball and do your job damn
As a law maker U could write a law that would truly aid #DACA kids! This was the challenge the jerk put to you. Alas, you just do BS Press.
Not enuf to have become citizens tho. Maybe let those stay who will go thru LEGAL process.  Others #byebye and no more, no relatives. #MAGA
Defend DACA
DACA is an UNEQUAL & UNFAIR immigration program. It excludes many other nationalities & leaves USA kids with the DEBT it creates. END DACA.
I like to help them but they should follow the rules. Congress should discuss these issues and provide funds.
I think we've already provided enough funds for these illegals in the form of food stamps housing education
Kill climate accord, ban Muslims, cancel DACA, piss of NK & risk war, Trump is killing this country the other politicians must step up now!!
You're assuming that the corruptor-in-thief knows ANYTHING about working hard.
He does not care
More lies, fake news. POTUS has not made his announcement yet. Why you think you should feed negativity &fake news. Are You on their payroll
https://www.facebook.com/groups/287388808277398/permalink/513817435634533/ …
Any intelligent president welcomes great advice when it comes without motive or racism
pretty sure he doesn't think. He just reacts...impulsively
I don't believe this was an impulsive act by President Trump. DACA was an  illegal unconstitutional executive order by Obama
So illegal and unconstitutional that trump will 'revisit' the issue himself if congress doesn't act? Sounds familiar
Send the children back with their parents, no freeloaders which was started by Socialistic Democratic Party under Obama
Trump for the people
You have been in office for 10 years, what have you done to reform immigration? You spout off alot but yet you have not done much else!
Oh hell chuck, you don't care one way or the other, just something else for you to bitch about

WATCH .@SenSchumer VS @SenSchumer on ILLEGAL ALIENS
Begging for votes again Chuck!!
You and the rest of the democratic party have a chance to finally find a PERMANENT SOLUTION to this issue. Be OPEN TO NEGOTIATE!
POTUS don't write laws. Government 101 Obamas executive order on this subject was unconstitutional. We are a democracy not a dictatorship.
Omg! All they know is the US. They grew up here, this is their home. Doesn't take much to understand this
Yeah Our Great President Trump is a genius stopping DACA. U Scum STOP illegal aliens coming into Our America R know U will pay 4 what U do.
@SenSchumer and @POTUS will keep doing what he's doing cause no one has the balls to stop him. All this talking is just that.
Chuck, you've been there a long time and you haven't done squat. Stop bloviating and stand up.

He's already damaged everything by being elected. He don't care about us common people trying to work for a better life no matter what race!
Impeachment!
Stop the emotional partisanship. DACA is not rocket science but it does require you to do something unusual. You have to DO YOUR JOB!
These people, not kids are all criminals along with their parents. the us people did not cause this problem and people like u made it worse.
Trump's in office 7 months.Congress was aware he was going to repeal DACA and yet for 7 months they did nothing but take a 4 wk vacation!
Can't stand DT! But they entered the country illegally. I'm an immigrant and went through proper channels.
government data documents no wage growth:  the effects of the labor glut created by illegals: they subvert normal market forces: end dace
Illegals.
There is a way for them to do it legally Chucky.  Just ask the millions who have done it the right way.  #yestolegalimmigration
#SanctuaryNow #DefendDACA
Allies will respond to DACA repeal. Clergy, attorneys, and lay people who want to help: pls contact us www. http://sanctuarynowlv.org 
 IN THE #USA WE
                #HONOR
        #RULE OF #LAW !!!

  #CONSTITUTION !!
OF THE UNITED STATES OF 
            #AMERICA !!
Lead the senate to pass real protection for DREAMers, @SenSchumer.
General consensus Schumer get off Twitter and pass some actual legislation that means something
It's the only was to talk to #45.  I feel like I'm communicating w/adolescent. Stupid 1!! #ImpeachTrumpPence #resist
Impeachment isn't happening so get over it
God knows how to divert funds better than Mr. T...hurricanes...no walls!
Stop whining and pass some legislation to fix this. You'll get support from other side of the aisle.
Chuck it's time you worried about American Children and stop this non sense with immigrants. Build That Wall ,Tax Cuts,  Repeal &Replace now
What a damn hypocrite you are. Two years ago you wanted them out. You're only doing this to spite TRUMP!
Do something about it.
#45 continues to undermine my country!
How is Trump undermining the country? By wanting people to come here LEGALLY, which seems to be a word you lefties don't quite understand
Is it "heartless and cruel" when these "dreamer children" murder American children? THAT is heartless and cruel! Not all are kids!
Were I @JustinTrudeau, I'd welcome these good young adults with open arms. Our loss would be Canada's gain.
Good let them go!
So much for national prayer day @Potus.  I guess it was just another con job
There's no such thing senator. That's the problem he's incapable. He's impulsive. He left a highly Hispanic Houston and returned to end DACA
DACA was it unconstitutional illegal executive order by Obama,Trump is giving Congress 6 months to fix it
What changed your mind since 2009? Votes?
You are such a hypocrite. Have you on video saying THE EXACT Opposite!
"You don't like a particular policy or a particular president? Then argue for your position. Go out there and win an election." - Obama 2013
He gave you 6 months to work on it in congress.  I am sure it will get done, like healthcare....
You only want them here to expand the liberal voting base Chucky. Come on you are WAY too transparent.
Is your goal to solve a problem or win?
Lis you make me laugh you are so funny. You hit the nail right on the head "Schumer resist resist resist" that is all he does.
Chuckie is Cheese.
He spent all that money buying votes but balks at spending it on the people he's supposed to be protecting
Time to pass legislation in Congress to save the Dreamers.  Get to work.
What a terrible human being.
Chuckie, you are so detached from the people, all you hear is the screams of minorities who like children don't know what they want.
It is beyond time for elected Dems/Republicans to come together & stand up to the ridiculousness of trump & lead this country!
Our president gave congress 6 months to fix this illegal unconstitutional executive order that Obama shoved down our throats
https://twitter.com/freeyourmindkid/status/903340691056676864 …

It's easy #TheResistance 
Via text, you can fax your senators!
#DACA
Dreamers are Americans!
Think about those who elected you and pay you.


Please protect the dreamers. They only know this country! Pass legislation!
Shame on you for announcing a deal on DACA, when you knew it is not complete. How is it OK to play with peoples lives like this?
@POTUS more viciousness to distract from Russia and his crimes.That & his goal to dismantle all the good @BarackObama did. 45 is insane.
Research shows that DACA beneficiaries will contribute $460.3 billion to U.S. gross domestic product over next decade! Should this stop?
No they don't, or they'd have started their paperwork to be. Avg age of DACA is 36 years old. They have 6 MORE months to start legal process
This is a matter for congress to decide change the law
U need a reminder of what U, BHO & KilLIARy said...
how about us ending Trump's presidency NOW
I dream of affordable HC!
There are Americans who want to be good hardworking Americans but 800,000 illegals are given preference over them. This your 'Better Way'?
Chuck there are laws made follow them or change them. Illegal is illegal look it up and if you don't want to help resign
We don't believe a word you say! You are so disingenuous and we see through you.
I hear 5 @SenateDems voted AGAINST Dream Act in 2010??!! DON'T LET THAT HAPPEN AGAIN! However, if DACA tied to ACA Repeal or Border Wall-NO!
No negotiations. No coupling it with anything. The clock is ticking on ACA repeal via reconciliation. This may be a hostage situation.
The Senate Parliamentarian ruled last week that the GOP can only use reconciliation on ACA until September 30. After that, full vote.
The thought has crossed my mind that this could be a foul political move to force moderate R's to bend on HC to get a #DACA law passed.
Problem is ACA Repeal KILLS MILLIONS of people so tradeoff is apples to oranges. WE NEED BOTH the ACA & DACA. Both save lives & improve USA
Right. Like I said, no negotiations. No coupling this with any other legislation. We can win this on the merits.

You'll be voted out soon. Head clown won't fight 4 American ppl

CHUCK SCHUMER

Says ending #DACA is heartless…
Trump is an awful human being
He's giving a 6 month delay, ti make Congress fix the system.
I am all for DACA as they are innocent in the illegal decisions made by their parents. They should become citizens asap.
The law is the law, we no that you  don't  no it
Past presidents on the issue
https://twitter.com/usatrump45/status/905232264560340992 …
If @potus ever "thought" about what he did, it would be worse.
Not true, many are committing crimes against US citizens.  I wish you cared as much for US as you do Illegals.
Damage to the economy has already happened! My tax money being spent on an illegal immigrant! Rule of law!!!!
The damage done is on your plate.
No, U should have done your job years ago & this would not even b an issue.
Please don't allow this to happen!
Canadian says what?
How about Americans affected by dreamers? Once again, Dems prove they don't care about Americans, and only care about illegals. #Pathetic
I believe the damage was done. Y @BarackObama when he created this false hope....

DACA goes against our constitution.  Didn’t you take an oath to uphold the laws of our constitution?
Which Schumer are you? Liar.
Give the power back to the people, remove special interests and campaign finance reform! Bipartisanship is what we need!! #realswamp
@realDonaldTrump Such a good bizman u cant see return on investment? Thought so.
Are you praying for Texas or illegals?
Americans just care for one thing "#MAGA" most Americans don't care a hill of beans about "identity" politics. That why Dem Party is fallen.
What about the hardworking American kids, they get no benefits just to work and pay for DACA kids, I don't think so, time to go DACA.
Mr. Schumer, this POTUS is incapable of thought or intelligent action.  When is the senate going to stand up to a White Supremacy POTUS??
What about the Americans that doesn't have
Jobs because of them
This fits in with his desire to create chaos in the country, cause extreme unrest. Plan is to make us bend or be broken. Not hyperbole.
What do you call not deporting a kid who was brought to the US as a baby and has never known any other culture/environment? COMMON SENSE.
Problem is; trump DOESN'T THINK! He has no clue how he's going to DAMAGE our Country!
These kids are NOT Americans-altho ppl. They are Dreamers ONLY protected unconstitutionally by DACA for 2 years...Americans ARE legal!
Get the @ACLU
