And there's still a lot more work to do: #DREAMAct, Children's Health Insurance Prgm, Flood Insurance, FAA, and national defense bill.
Good job! Get the Republicans to fix gerrymandering, vote suppression&manipulation, and the EC so they can get rid of radical right
Shut up
Why are you afraid of the Truth? The Truth will set you free. How dare you to tell me to shut up. Go treat your wife that way.
I was telling Shumer to shut up
My sincerest apologies
<----used
But Senator, aren't you colluding with a treasonous Russia-loving racist???  What's that you say? Oh, now he's cool to hang with? Oh, ok...
Please support legislation to automatically fund disasters.  No more Hurricane Sandy hostage-takers.
No automatic funds the knuckel head will go nuts spending money we do not have
This is a funny bot that just started.  Best quote, criticizing Schumer: "Why do you live within your means?"
Chuck so much grandstanding debt ceiling needs to be capped your fiscally irresponsible . We all expected relief for hurricane victims
So what happens the next time Trump doesn't side with you? Is he back to being a deplorable racist Russia-colluding traitor then? 
Pl tell sen graham that only  his healthcare bill is 'march to socialism' redistribution of tax money to red states.
Thank you #PresidentTrump! @realDonaldTrump
Democratic don't care about you and  American poeple
Now play some hardball & get Dreamer issue resolved.  No more Nice Guy Dems.  Leverage every advantage.
Border security can be enhanced more cheaply & effectively w/o a physical wall.  Ds need to sell that approach to Cheeto in Chief.
Silly. He hasn't built anything in years.  He is now markets the Trump brand.  Let him "brand" an electronic wall patrolled by drones.
Bigots want the wall. Trump promised Mexico would pay for it. That was a lie, so have the #FakePresident pay for it.
Thank you. Now to contend with Irma the bitch hurricane. Plus, two more smaller ones behind her. And the islands are gone.
Jose is a Cat 4
look at that...doing your job...guessing u want a bonus or another couple weeks of recess?!? Get the work done ppl elect u to do
Wonder if you spouted this stupidity when republicans in Texas literally said screw Sandy victims for their personal vendettas.
Can't really breathe a sigh of relief if the #CorruptGOP is going to make another attempt to repeal ACA.
That's a great start.
Here's another thing to accomplish:

#ImpeachTrump 
Thank you.
Wow! You actually did the right thing for a change.
Avoiding default is a SHAM! Do I have a choice not to pay my debts AFTER I spend the money. Excercise restraint when you spend!
So what made Trump suddenly acceptable to cozy up with? Is the big scary Prez suddenly ok to work with as long as he sides with you? Odd...
How about doing the same for DACA?
Sen.  Schumer, hold fast with the creeps in House and Senate: Ryan, McConnell, Gowdy, Rubio, Cruz, and all the rest of the swamp.
Just don't forget to impeach El Cheeto if Dems win majority in the Senate or House.
I won't be relieved until Trump, Pence, Ryan, McConnel and all the rest are in jail,
GET IT DONE.  REMEMBER #DACA, TOO!
Chuck Schumer and Senate  Buddies still looking to line his their pockets at the expense of Americans More concerned with illegal immigrants
Just read that he did not sign the legislation. Is he playing games to get the Republicans to dance to his tune? Sounds like he used you.
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled to long in office
Thank you. Now get back to work and help us recover from Hurricane Donald!
Trump won, he won by dumb Luck, dumb Luck...
Great job Senator. Now get the bipartisan Dream Act 2017 passed ASAP.
If only DREAMers could share that same sigh of relief  #DefendDACA
Let them come live at your house.
Like you had anything to do with it.
That Graham-Cassidy bill frightens me all over again!
We got to keep fighting Clara
Possibly good news
McCain walks back his endorsement of Graham-Cassidy earlier today https://twitter.com/sahilkapur/status/905552334440235008 …
No wall though i hope
Build the wall, keep criminals and Muslim terrorists out.
How nice that the congress that works for us actually does their job instead of picking our pockets.
Glad your working together on this for the people but don't trust the great orange CHEAT-o. He's not doing this for the ppl he wants a "win"
Better be careful when dancing with the devil @realdonaldtrump
Pls include Irma too
A temporary sigh of relief. A lot of ugly legislation waiting in the wings.
Watching you embrace the Racist in Chief was disgusting & disheartening. When will the Dems stand up to this bully? He’s playing you, fool!
Now you have POTUS working with you, get OUR work done!  Beautiful!  #MAGA The Democratic Way #MAGATDW
Nice work Chuck.
We won't breathe a sigh of relief until Cheetolini is gone.
By dealing with the devil. Do not give him an inch on the wall.
Don't break your arm schmuckal patting your back. You still have no man pants. Do your job
You people think you are actually working and all you are doing is paying the bills. Get something accomplished besides paying bills!
thankfully they all came together and agreed with @realDonaldTrump for once.
Chuck I'm proud of you. I'm a trumper but my true love is about what is fair and right for Americans. Please don't divide country w/race.
Well done!
Well, thank fuck for that anyway
You mean the Swamp King actually came up with a plan?
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=2022059801349543&id=100006366282897 …
Did you cut a deal with the devil?   Hmmm
I am so glad that the president is working on a bi-partisan basis to move our country forward. Thank you!
You are so wonderful lol
Dear Sen. Schumer, do not make the mistake of trusting this liar! Keep your eyes on him at all times!
They are friends! Schemer knows Trump very well! They are both the same.
Senator Schumer is a first class schmuck and a fourth class politician
He has forgotten political economyb101
More debt with an ever weaker economy.   Tick-Tock
Are you that gullible?  There's no such thing as a sigh of relief.
No relief until that Nazi is behind bars.
Good job sticking it to McConnell & Ryan.
and what about standing up for DACA. You had some real leverage and you used it to cozy up to trump. #ShameonChuck
Wow! Amazing work doing the absolute bare minimum that should be expected of a functioning congress.
It's certainly better than the alternative & at least Harvey victims aren't being held hostage until some new mean-spirited whim is added.
Bravo Senator.  Way to show the carnival barker the real art of dealmaking !  We all know it was you not him that won. Next up: maj ldr !
Why do you live within your means stopspending so much
I'm in shock! There is something I actually agree with you on.
Senator, The continuing resolution, debt ceiling, and Harvey relief should have been separate. Or is it they wouldn't have passed alone?
Senator, dont be fooled by trump playing nice.  He will turn on the Dems soon enough.
Thank you for the deal you struck yesterday, even if this president is acorrupt renengade.  Now please push the Dream Act. #DefendDACA
Now explain single payer and tell him how loved he would be if he got it for the US.
What do you mean "we agreed"? It's YOUR job to help Americans! You're a joke Chuck! Just for that statement you should be voted out!
Yup u have a caring heart as long as you got your way with the other bill. Otherwise none for Hurricane Harvey. Some of us paying attention.
Beware of strange men bearing gifts
Thank you Senator! We are so blessed to have you on our side!
Yeah yeah yeah. No, we CANNOT breathe a sigh of relief! Get back to work! A constituent
If the idea of this rediculous wall would die out. We could focus on better ways to spend peoples hard earned tax money.
Well... yes, but premature for 'sigh of relief' - Puerto Rico, USVI, and states to be impacted by #Irma... PLUS western fires... lots to go.
Mr Schumer. See, you can work with the President. Now get with the program and give America good healthcare and tax reform. Obamacare dead
I am happy. Now impeach Trump tell the GOP not to interfere and I will be ecstatic.
Will there be a similar effort for the wildfire victims?
Thank you for your leadership and commitment Senator Schumer
Dont get too relaxed though. Irma is on her way still and Trump + minions still have plenty of cruel ideas floating around their empty minds
what about Hurricane Irma? She 's going to affect the entire eastern coast.
Next up, Florida, maybe the Carolinas...
@POTUS is doing a great job!!! Now sch doesn't it feel good to help instead of resist and obstruct?? What say you? #MAGA
Think how great the U.S. might be if only the Democrats & the Republicans worked together on more issues.
Good job to both you and @NancyPelosi 

Time to get Congress working again, in spite of the GOP.
20 trillion in debt, what's your plan, Senator?
Great leadership, Senator Schumer!
Congratulations
Thank you for working with @POTUS
Good job @SenSchumer & @NancyPelosi! Nothing like watching that smug "smartest guy" smile on Paul Ryan disappear as a$$ is handed to him.
Keep on chugging away, Chuck&Nancy! UR doing the job Americans need U to do! 
Except Irma-Really!
Don't trust the SOB in the WH...he's trying to disarm you now but he'll stab you in the back the next time he can.
Please don't be fooled by DJT, always keep #WeThePeople in mind when dealing with him. Thank you
Short term fix right before another vacation! Do not be fooled! You and Nancy are just a pawn! DON'T kid yourselves!
Thank you for your efforts! And say Hi to Amy
The other shoe is gonna drop.
Wish the rest of us had such a low bar for "success" - entire Congress should be ashamed but as along as you get yours it's ok right?
So where does it end chuckie. You keep raising but you don't cut any costs. Common sense says you can't spend more than you make. Idiotic!
Glad Trump is more worried about getting money for FEMA than playing politics. And Trump has cut more gov spending than past Presidents.
What about the #Dreamers in Houston? They can't feel safe!
Huh. Congress finally accomplishes something, and speedily too, and look at that ... it's the Dems leading the charge. More of that please!
Top beautiful art of a deal. Well done. 66 years of government experience between you and Pelosi against 229 days of governmental experience
The public should never be aware of an impending shutdown. Federal government is the only business that regularly threatens "customers."
Not counting Comcast.
Can't keep happening
We do not want u working with #trump in anyway!
Thank for providing some sanity in this new reality of this insanely chaotic administration!
Thank you so much 
Well played!
A brief sigh of relief though, only
First time Trump has success is with help from DEMS it exposes who is the problem in Washington and its the GOP
A temporary reprieve Lets Not get complacent . There will be few such Bi-Partisan Kumbaya moments & No Third way is Not making a comeback
Sigh of relief wat abt #DACA
#ImpeachTrump
Keep up the fight!!!!
And Hurricane Irma as well?  All future hurricanes & disasters?  Thank you, Congress!
Call me crazy but all of a sudden we trust what Trump "Promised" #IllBelieveItWhenISeeIt
You got in league with the devil to make sure we support #Texas when it does on want to spend 1cent of it's own money for relief?
And you owned the GOP in the process. 
Novel idea in this era: tell 'em the truth.
Go Dems!!!
You got more done than McConnell
It's only a 3 months reprieve. It will be worse in 3 months. This is not good news why don't you see that? I'm not a politician and I see it
why don't you thank @POTUS ?
Thanks? For doing your jobs.
I was thinking the same thing!
Thanks to President Trump!
Sorry this doesn't qualify for a bandaid.
We won't default. Paying debt is written into the act as essential. Stop lying to people!
Yeah?  At what cost to Americans? Any agreement with trump is terrifying!
Nice work Chuck.  Keep it going, brother.
For a couple hours anyway. Then the reality of who is in the WH sinks back in. #DACA #EPA #DOE etc etc etc
If they learned to harness his ego & pettiness for good occasionally, OK by me.
Yeah Chuck, BTW, how much do we owe trump now?
It's time to get you're house in order! No wonder you only have a 8% approval rating! Balanced budget amendment!!! Shame on Congress!!!
You, sniffling Woose didn't do crap. A ninety day cap approval. But you'll vote to send billions to Iran. I hope they plug you for TREASON!
As long as Idiot-in-Chief will sign it. Have you secured that yet?
Overthrow the government and the American People can "Do it right the first time"! Take out the corruption in D.C. Now.....tired of waiting
Be careful. Making deals with the devil will result in you getting burnt in the end. Didn't you learn anything from the GOP?
Glad to see you and Nancy working with the President 
Too soon.
@nancypeggy So... when can we start sleeping at night peacefully ? Asking for a friend...
If you think T won't turn on you, you're disillusioned.  He's alienated the @GOP.
Must be nice to raise your credit limit when you over spend and waste money.
Well played sir, now can you guys get some strategy and quality candidates ready for the '18 midterms so we can 
#ImpeachStupidity
good, it's about time you worked with Republicans instead of sulking.
Thank you . Always a class act .
That's damn good work you and "Nancy" did yesterday. Very smooth.
@SenSchumer Be careful...Trump could be playing you
TIME to start working with @realDonaldTrump
Well chuck nice to know you can get on board to help Americans recover
What about Hurricane Irma?
and Chuck
#Americans waiting for you to AGREE WITH US:
#ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
I AM SO HAPPY!!
Mind you, it could all change once Fox & Friends tells us what they think.
Well played.
Thank you sir and to all Democrats!!!
Good job chuck
Interesting that it was trump that made this deal with dems. Ya think he may be trying to work w everyone?
Don't count on it Dave. I'd love to see it happen but he's been quite predictable in reverting to his nature time after time.
Thank god for that. He is doing exactly what he said. Shutting down the slime left by obama, and residuals
Forget about BHO. He needs to focus on NOW. Not sure he can.
Good job.
What about #DACA? Need to do something ASAP.
DACA LIVES AS IT SHOULD!  WONDERFUL KIDS, WE MUST ALL BLESS THE BEAST & THE CHILDREN OR WE R NO LONGER A CIVILIZED SOCIETY!  RT!
@JoyAnnReid
Hypocrite Drama Queen!
No thanks 2 u chuckles, We have a great president 4 that. U will b back 2 obstructing soon enough!
Get ready for hurricane Irma and Jose.  Holding breath again..
I agree that we is good news; however, these items should have never been a debate. They should have just been done cause it was right.
Great work Senator. Looks like the worm is turning.
Please don't count this as Trump doing the Dems a favor. He now thinks he owns Dems for one damn agreement. It's a trick..it always is.
I feel that this is a trap. Trump is up to something.
FINALLY-SOMETHING YOU AGREE WITH!
Thx!! For the leadership.
No thanks to the GOP...is Trump now working with Dems??
All because "brainless" president as you called him on national tv decided to work with you on this. You still dont see why Dems failing??
And you'll take credit for it. Just you. Nobody else. Keep on going Chuck.
Thank you for your ability to work with the President yesterday.
Don't be fooled by Trump. He is cuddling up to Dems b/c he thinks it will help him with Russia investigation.
You better get on morning news. Rep blaming military safety at risk because of your budget deal
Thank you @SenSchumer on your "art of the deal" prowess! 
