...occasionally exploiting children for political reasons never hurts anyone, does it Senator ?...
Read up on these kids, there is no exploitation here it is life or death for them
of course, cause it's in favor of a democrat...I've seen & read about the things said about repubs kids by dems, hasn't been so nice at all
Check their timeline, they visited all 100 senators in the last week, party doesn't matter when the welfare of your child is at stake
...what exactly is your argument here ?...is what I said not true ?...you looking just to bow up and fight with someone ?...liberals.?.smh:(
My point is no one was exploiting those kids & the group was not favoring Dems over GOP, they were thanking those who voted to save the ACA
So yes, what you said was not true
Ok, then it is ok to exploit children for political purposes...Thank You for clarifying your position on that issue...anything else ?
it's gonna go away on its own. prolonging her inevitable. even ChuckYou knows ACA is not sustainable
If the republicans block all the payments, it'll go away. If not, it will last. They should know, they came up with it in the 1990s.


Between waters,pelosi,warren it be a hard pick as who is the dinghy one,running neck and neck!

PETITION: 100,000 Signatures to Force Congress to Use Obamacare! http://conservativefighters.com/obamacare-petition/ …
Sorry for all the trolls showing up on your feed, @LittleLobbyists. They're jerks and very much in the minority.
PELOSI AND DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ GOT SOME EXPLAINING TO DO CHUCK ABOUT THE CAMPAIGN.SETH RICH.
You, just now:

Our government cannot afford to pay for all americans.unless you don't mind paying 50 60 percent tax's
Schumer wants you under government control. Anonymous source claims he is a NAZI!
Adorable. Wouldn't want them to be without the best health care. 
Why do libs think that republicans are taking away healthcare?  They're trying to bring quality and affordability through the free market
Y'know, like it was before Obama screwed it up
Like the old days with lifetime and annual limits, pre-existing conditions exclusions, and 50 million uninsured? You mean those days?
Yes, affordable, low deductible insurance.  You can't save everyone.  Btw, there's still 35 million uninsured.
28 million uninsured now. 50 million before. 

And 49 million under congressional plans.
What good is insurance with premiums and deductibles you can't afford?
Right, and Trumpcare would have made that worse. That is why the uninsured rate was projected to increase.
EXPOSING KIDS WITH PHONY SIGNS IS DISGUSTING.RESPECT YOUR PRESIDENT.
What happened to Check Schomer? Where did you disappear to?
Great Job @LittleLobbyists!! Keep speaking out! Push Equal Pay 4 Women and stop so called "right to work"....that is all for $ from you!
using children to push Socialism is not the way to go! cut off congress from health insurance make them pay for it themselves
Using kids. The Lib way. How many lost it due to ACA? #IFYouLikeYourDoctor #IfYouLikeYourHealthcarePlan #Obamafail
me too because I LOVE MY 5000 dollar dedictible. Glad it worked for you  but lots it didn't work so well for
Fake news.
The Democrats took away your healthcare when they signed this monstrous bill.
Kept your doctor?
Deductibles went down?
Hmm What went wrong?
Dems didn;t fight hard 4 your HC, they fought 2 save Medicaid Expansion.  They want Gov $ 4 their healthy, but lazy constituents in ea state
Exploiting children. Pretty low.
Thats right USE children 4 ur lies. U dont mind killing babies
w/ur abortion bill  Childrens healthcare WILL NOT B taken away
Ur a HYPOCRITE
What a spectacle!
Using innocent children to run a con game on constituents
#Resist is going to backfire in your evil faces come '18 & '20
it would be nice if you did what was right. Obamacare blowing up is really Democrats fault. If you want to keep it, suffer little ones.
Nothing makes me sicker, than people using children to push their political agenda.
Be sure to remember it was 48 DEM., 2 Independents, 3 GOP SENATORS who sold out America!! All DEMS & 2 Independents R up 4 election 2018!!!!

Poor kids have been brainwashed, or maybe it is their mom
Use kids for props and then some are they part of your pizza parties too? #Evilisasevildoes
the middle class & their families have done without long enough, if we have NO access to healthcare why should anyone else?

KILL #OBAMACARE
Very effective, although untrue.
YOU were the true heroes of this story. hat off to @LittleLobbyists & @NationalADAPT 4 educating public & congress on Medicaid's importance
Your health care was NEVER in jeopardy. Mine is gone 4 2018 & beyond. ALL LIVES MATTER. Is Senate working hard 2 fix this? No,Aug VaCa time!

Sickening how you prostitute these little children for your propaganda.
Please extend my thanks to all the Dems who contributed to this current bill's defeat.  I contacted my own & the brave Senator from Hawaii.
wait until cadillac tax kicks in. You not seen anything yet.
Senate  and  congress are exempt  from obamacre you know why? Because they would have to  pay thousands. All you need to ve on it
Va health ins. People wait months to see a dr. Hayi have a great idea put all the   Senate  and congress on it. They wont do it.
I am loosing my home . Cant aford to go to the drs.  7000 in preamiums  600 a week out of my pay. Killing tge middle  class comunisium
Americas middle  class  being  destroyed  by Obamacare.  Comunist healthcare working just LIKE  it should. Drs quitting  people dieing
Democrats use their voters when they can't get votes. @POTUS has your back. He is America... Long time over due!!!! X Democrat
This is The cutest
Thank you Little Lobbyists!  You saved the day!  

This is the most pathetic reach for liberals. Good the less libs the better. Keep going 
Kids shouldn't be used as pawns in this healthcare issue.
Schumer u r disgraceful. Using children to promote ur "victory"? Disturbing
Just think, if u Dems had more concern for Americans u would not have forced ACA on us. Saving ACA will not save yr butt. Yr wrong. By, By
How horrid that @SenSchumer exploited these children in a political issue!! You c/o Trump/boyscots yet you believe these kids know meaning
This pic is a perfect example of what makes u a hypocritical low life user of anybody to make a point. How like Joe McCarthy!!
I knew it; immigrants; possibly illegal.
no one is taking away their Health Care except the Government because your Parents can't afford the Premiums under Obama Care
Idiots to believe that you would lose it. Only if you opted out or you are an illegal would you lose it.
You mean your Gold Plan that is 75% taxpayer subsidized, that plan? #EndCongressionalExemption to the ACA.
As far as I know there's no congressional exemption to ACA...
Oh I love these 'giant lobbyists'! My heart is so full is it pouring over.
Well, isn't it just like a democRAT to hid behind little kids. Why don't you leave kids out of you're politics? Or can you ? LoL
Thank all of you
OMG please stop Obamacare is killing hard working Americans so free loader illegals get care for free.  Shows how much he really cares
@tempteststorm2 Ocare is dead & u know it. Peeps have high premiums & higher deductibles. Can't use it unless ur dying. You know it's true
Thank you @SenShumer & @SenGillibrand we so appreciate your strong help w Healthcare repeal. Don't be taken in by Trump & @SenateGOP ! 
Obama care in trouble soon enough. Wait til cadillac tax.
how low can you go
Chuckie cheered when Charlie Gard died. It proved the power of Statist healthcare to murder its unwanted citizens. Disgusting!
My healthcare was stolen from me due to Obamacrap. You are a criminal, Chuckie!
When They go low, we...bring in kindergartners to share their expertise on the effect of universal healthcare on a precarious global economy
#outofideas
Chuck likes socialism programs as working citizens pay high premium and get high deductibles so liberal can give free care to illegals etc
sad using children to push your lies....
Little ladies ur mom & dad have u praising the wrong person Hebis not worthy of ur support
Fake account
Be thankful your kids are healthy!  And keeping Medicaid should not be you goal.  You deserve, and should want BETTER.
I am not. My 20-year-old daughter broke her skull and suffered TBI & Hemiparesis.  Medicaid saved her, Expansion won't let her rehabilitate
He's a fraud, and a hack.
I'd start looking for a job if I were you.
Congrats for being insured with so many uninsured.
Enjoy it whole it lasts. Schumer and crew are headed towards @GreatOrmondSt type rule. I hope you all get picked to be worth treating.
Naysayers obvs haven't been following the LL's.Many showing their ignorance of/parroting lies DJT & Repubs have been telling about the ACA.
They weren't at risk of losing it because they fall under CHIPS. Now go shove your lying propaganda where the sun don't shine.
Hello to my friend with cancer who cannot afford Obamacare you are a liar and a sneak. You should go on Obamacare
using young children like this, shameful, really disgusting
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chuck! 

Thank you senator Schumer. We are not happy that we, (mid class) are each paying for 15 families of those brats to keep their healthcare.
Child abuse.
Guess your parents did not understand it enough to explain it to you,  nothing would have changed . So now their premiums go up,coverage dwn
OMG! At their young age they understand the importance of standing up - - speaking out for what is right and affects their lives.
I wish they did. Schumer and trolls are headed towards Charlie Gard decision-making. I hope this kids make the cut and live to vote.
You can thank me also. I know I'm paying a hell of a lot of taxes for this Affordable Care
Thank you little lobbyist!! You helped save your own healthcare and millions of other Americans health insurance!! You are American heros!!!
And trapped millions into paying fines because they can't afford to pay the healthcare tax wrongly forced on middle America.
And to that I say if the @GOP would just work with dems to fix Ocare that wouldn't be a problem anymore...but a win is more important to GOP
Theres a reason 3 GOP senators voted no and many others wanted to vote no @SenJohnMcCain gave the no vote so the others could save face
Adorable.
Only people like it get it cheap or free the working class are paying for. Them
No, most of the people with ACA insurance pay for it and like having it. I'm one of them.

Nice try though.
How much you pay?
NICE.
Did you think about those being crush mercilessly by the ACA? Of course not, you don't read anything you put your name to. #DrainTheSwamp
Translation: "I am being crushed by a law because it was made by a black president who I hate."
"hate" no. This was not built right the first time, any patching makes it worse. Let the market decide not a F'ed up government entity .
Thank you @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand having had Breast cancer your braver my save my life someday⚘
Thank you, Little Lobbyists.
I'm glad you guys stuck to the rules about picketing near the Capitol Building.
The liquor company I started with my friends last year has its first bottles from the Philippines!!!  Made from coconut nectar & distilled in a husk fired, copper still to make a beautifully clear & smooth spirit. Order at https://www.holidaywinecellar.com/p-30591-papo-js-lambanog-vodka.aspx …. #PapoJsVodka
