Oh great!  Two hot head morons talking to other lemmings on a nearly failed leftist network!
Don't worry mental illness is covered by Obamacare so is butt hurt.
Well then you should be covered!
Ha ha great come back
GOP had 7yrs and all they could do is fubar.
Dems had 8 yrs and they almost collapsed the country It's going to take time
Example of Collapse of the country. Just one
Never had a quarter above 3% GDP - A record. Do you want me to keep going?
Fake News meets Fake Tears.
You lost the vote suck it up snowflake
Beware of the wounded animal...it ain't over. Reps will work to ensure Obamacare fails. Beware America..
Dont worry. Obamacare will ensure Obamacare fails.
Single payer
Bright side is now we get to watch Obamacare collapse and have a "I told you so" moment then enact a new bill.
Don't hold your breath sweetie!  Your guy has been a total failure -- shall we count the ways!
Taking out ISIS with the Marines and Special Forces.

The military is voluntary you have to follow orders...not every mission can go perfectly...George W. Bush needs to give answers not DJT.
both of your deplorable Presidents need to give answers!
#fake news Maddow is no surprise! She will really challenge your views?! Right! Such nonsense!
thank you for standing with avg American on ACA. Tweak the ACA to make it more affordable & our cornerstone.
#maddow's "Weaponized" episode, Rach seems 2 4get tht David #Brock's super PAC, CTR, paid trolls 2 harass online
Two clowns in a pod! Hate I missed this riveting conversation between the biggest embarrassment on TV, and the biggest Senate  embarrassment
Maddow such a po
#fakenews and a Loony Senator! Is this a comedy skit? 

when it collapses you own it , and you have no ideas , til next year, republicans working on other things
Trump/GOP tried & failed to repeal/replace so it's on them now. Need to fix ACA since GOP had 7 yrs & can't get it together
no it not , pelosi cheering it failed ,,schumer day after inauguration won't lift a finger . It dems
I heard that he was going to ask America and all the Americans that stood by him, for forgives
#MAGA
Every democrat has that same smile on their face right now. About time we have something to celebrate since Nov 8th
Maddow, OMG 
I love the show I watch it every time I'm constipated really get the shits looking @ her faces
Another career Suicide.  Hilllary was the smart one to vote for Trump.
this guy is a clown
It ain't over. Reps will now work to ensure Obamacare failure. Beware Ameeica!!!
I have never seen such idiocy. People rather destroy their own country than to say, "we were wrong".
#fakenews
YOU'RE bragging about being on madcows show 
@maddow

you are just as looney as your distant cousin Amy. And just as clueless.
VERY FAKE NEWS and No Facts and all Fiction from a Senator who can not tell the truth, No one is listening!!!
does ACA cover removing permanent smile I saw on Schumer all day, or bus Trump threw Ryan under yesterday
45 will now toss many under bus, beginning with @SpeakerRyan sad to see a @POTUS with no integrity.
Steven Brill can help the ACA.
#MSNBC #Democrat #Communists #CNN #HuffingtonPost
Two trust funded liberals... Great
You should ask @MSNBC why they wont report about the horrable attack and rape of a little schoolgirl buy gang of illegal
show ur utter stupidity tonight Chuckie .Be care what u wish for,ha.Al Franken clown #1,Ur  clown #2
No more victory laps. House & Senate Dems need to get together and propose whatever fixes are needed to the ACA.
Be very public about the proposals & try to get moderate Repubs & even Trump on board. Don't worry about who gets credit
& don't take credit for defeating the Republican plan. The people who showed up at town hall meetings & demonstrations..
& called & wrote & emailed & put wanted posters out for their congressmen deserve the credit.
But if the Dems in Congress don't move on this right away, Trump will sabotage the ACA until it implodes.
And when Trump & Congressional Republicans take steps to sabotage the ACA, we're counting on you to let the people know
I am so thrilled you guys held firm for American values to protect the elderly and vulnerable.
2 idiots in one room. I'm impressed. I thought Maddow moved out of country?
i would rather watch a kaptain kangaroo r-run
pos Schumer
2015-16 health insurance for my wife and I $1162 month then cancelled by Aetna in 2017. @SenSchumer you are truly a pos
if the people can survive nancy pelosi i'm sure they will endure paul ryan
Schumer, you need to be indicted! https://www.facebook.com/FoxNews/videos/10155244635171336/ …
One loser talking to another..sorry, i'll skip this group of liars
Give Americans SAME healthcare congress senate president scotus and families have THAT WE PAY FOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thank you for bringing Trump to light that he's a low level bum
Love you rRachel Maddow
it's going to be a really good show folks really good show it's like crooks takes Washington lies and more lies
Senator you are one class act !
HaHa...sounds like the old movie 'Dumb and Dumber'!!!
@realDonaldTrump #MAGA
as long as the topic isn't same-sex marriage or right to abort........ah who the fuq am I kidding?
Not a fan.
nothing better
God bless the senator and MSNBC for taking this to the next level. Take up Graham's challenge to work together.
You now own Obamacare!!! That means doing you job GOVERN!!! No accomplishments no reelection
Stop playing politics for special interest groups. You get paid to work for the American people. Embarrassing party of no.
u are both great leaders, watch Rachel every night. Love it.
Like Democrats never did this? Get real and stop pushing the politics of hate. It doesnt do the country any good!
no one watches this show Maddow is a joke so r u noone likes the left but the left made up of illegals
Resign you evil man!!
I would not watch this jackass on any show. Everyone know is answers to everything without ever watching him.Same with Pelosi/Feinsten/Reed
we look so forward to watching Obamacare implode south Carolina has 1 insurer u guys are going to eat your words
I urge all my colleagues to vote you out of office, You are biased in all you do where as Judge Gorsuch follows the letter of the law.
good show to be on dumb & Dumber
discuss the child molester that Chucky pulled strings to bring in US and continued rapes of US girls by illegals
Please get rid of Manchin & Bernie Sanders, who'll chase voters away from Democratic Party
Wonder what the Dems will do when the lynch mob forms after their insurance providers all drop out.
As a member of the Ass. of Former Intelligence Officers, I feel Putin has compromised Trump w 4 of "MICE" methods
NEVER forget this is the Liberal agenda-OBSTRUCTION, SUBVERSION, CENSORSHIP, VIOLENCE & ANARCHY!
Have U switched 2 Obama Care 4 U & UR family???
Reminds me of UR telling us that U had 2 Pass the Obama Care so we could see what's in it!
ACA is no longer funded or enforced as orig. intended. 
The unsupported vsn is Trumpcare 
https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/01/20/executive-order-minimizing-economic-burden-patient-protection-and …
chuckles, you and maddow deserve each other. Both losers. #stupidy
Tired of Dems giving 2nd chances (Nunes) He Ned's 2 b dumped now b4 he c's n e more classified 2 tell trump.
I suggest you start working on it for next year . You went around telling morons Obamacare was wonderful
Chuckie Boy is the shittest actor on the planet. Extremely unconvincing crying over Trump's 1st travel ban.
it was great! Keep it up.
Trumpcare Is A Failure
I Like Chuck Schumer
still better than passing it so we can see what is in it.
Advice from outside. I'm on the team and #Schumer and #Pelosi offer terrible optics. Leave the stage, get youth!
Dems trying divert attention from this!!! http://www.davejanda.com/guests/general-tom-mcinerney/sunday-march-19-2017 … @realDonaldTrump
Dems need to face HAMMERgate a REAL crime. http://www.davejanda.com/guests/general-tom-mcinerney/sunday-march-19-2017 …
Not only should that  bill have been pulled it should have been burned. Immediately.
Shout out to the brave and courageous politicians like Schumer who aren't afraid to stand up to ridiculousness!
Dems should work with AARP, etc. to draft and propose fixes to Obamacare. Moderate Repubs would likely support.
wait until obamacare implodes. The Dems own it now and it will crush them in 2018 & 20
let's do a detailed audit of chucks financials for last 20 years including accounting for all ppl he spoke to
you did good!
Oh hell NO!  Why would I have ruined a perfectly great Friday night?  Rather watch paint dry, less painful!!!
senator don't let the whitehouse forget the people of this country. Keep working on healthcare
Trumps the winner! Dems own Obamacare!
as he ages with Pelosi they have became more senile along dementia and forgot about America Values.
won't lift a finger, seems that obamcare going to die next year. Yet you a person of your word ,you have nothing
Sure listen to these traitors if you like being lied to!
u know the country is doomed when members of Congress won't vote for a SCOTUS candidate because he follows the constitution.
how about you get back to Washington and do your job
These  r the only 'Til due us part' role players! We need 2 ensure they're 4 ALL NOT just TRUMP!
Thanks for what you do Rachel!!! #BeBlessed
Contrary2belief Filibustering is not about revenge it's about 2 ensure the legitimacy Judge G's appointment 1st!
Sir, as long as Trump is under investigation for whatever reason, any Supreme Court nominee should be blocked.
 you own Obamacare let's change name to democratic care cause we r the party that cares #TrumpcareIsWorseThan
, PLEASE find ways that all parties can work together. WORK/PLAY
NICE!!!!!!
let's all tune in to watch the left celebrate that some still can't afford insurance.
one show my friends and I wouldn't waste time watching.Schuner night cry his fake tears
put the tax penalty back if we stay with Obama care
- still avoiding the Maryland rape story, but that's what u are all about ...politics not news
Not sure how Liberals can be happy.  took from people who had ins and gave it to others & now others can't afford
First who cares what Chuck Schubert thinks about anything. Second I wouldn't watch MSNBC if it was the only news!
two losers losing togetyon a loseing show of losers y'all should resign
Who would watch this Maddox & Schumer ?? No thank you ! What a circus ! More tax returns ?
Cool! Two dudes discussing politics with the most left leaning views possible!
Oh this outta be a massive shit show...
I'd rather get a tooth pulled
The chair of the dnc needs to put out ads about the obstructions they face in all the races next year
don't underestimate the short attention span of voters. We need to start pressure now to fix ACA
please keep this in voters minds and keep reminding of all obstructions to repair, voters have short memories!
But NOW be sure the DEM's learn from the GOP; don't just oppose, have a plan!
I watched this twice!! Thank you for being voices of reason & sanity! Grateful for your leadership!!
Rachel, the National Enquirer insight is genius! I fully expect Trump to publically push Flynn under bus any day now.
Awesome-I love Dumb and Dumber
Obamacare is 100% Democrat, they own it. They had a chance to replace it. We will see if people suffer from it.
@maddow@Schumer It's time you retire
I hope Trump keeps letting it fails so all you democrats have to beg him to fix it
.@MSNBC @MaddowBlog @SenSchumer @maddow #NeverTrumpHillary How Many @FBI Investigations & Decades? Clinton Scandals:
Just add all of the American people to Chuck and Nancy's policy at no charge.
My new crush. Not saying which one. Maybe both.
So nice to see Rachel in such a festive mood, forgoing her customary black for grey tweed.

Party On!!  
Republicans want to repeal  ACA, the Democrats want to fix. OUR TURN. We just need the next step. What is it?
YES fakey #Gorsuch act. Yes, slow down confirmation! I don't care for nixing filibuster though. Careful please.
please wiki leaks drop the bombshell info u got on Chuck's pedophile activity's. Arrest shummer
; schemer you the biggest 
Lair on gods ground, ok its your ball dummie how you going to 
Keep Obamacare butt head
great show tonight!! that last bit about the enquirer was a little chilling too, conspirator in chief #impeach
you're the best. You and @NancyPelosi always looking out for is.
Appreciate your work for the greatest good.  Many thanks - -
So now our President Trump made his choice and has his right to have Gorsuch in that seat.
Maddcow just sitting there sucking this in.  Schumer, GOP voted for your Judges and didn't like them but felt Obama picked his choice.
Gorsuch going through.  Not slowing it down at all.  It doesn't matter what you thought Chuckie!  NUCLEAR happening very soon. Screwed again
For over 80yrs, NO sitting President ever filled a SCOTUS seat in the same year of an Election! FACT.  So Obama had no right.
This is so funny...   the DEMS LOST! What do they have?  Just their lies.  They have nothing! They know it.
, love you Rachel, thanks Sen Schumer
she's is great for our communist cause love  what she stands for crooks and communism
Schumer is such a snake! What a load of BS!  This is what your Party is best at .....
GOOD INTERVIEW AND Sen. Schumer was great!
do u like that jackass a Schumer his policies r killing businesses high taxes high premiums high compliance costs
Chuckster, like I have challenged you before, come up with a solution to an issue that can b financially verified
More
Same
Nothing
But
Crap
pull his teeth..thank you
