The Senate Dems & ALL @TheDemocrats need to get on board & REALLY start doing their job for The People! ENOUGH is ENOUGH! Stop the lunatic!
They are trying but the cult of 45 is pretty disturbing
beats the bottom feeders of 44.
I'll pardon your delusion :)  To each their own! Have a blessed day!
You are the delusional one.
Look what a mess the VA is. I am not interested in having a single payer system.  Look how we treat our heroes now in VA. SHAME!
If you cared about Vets you would have done something under Obama You turned a blind eye to the Despicable way our Veteran's were treated!
Like u left r vets to die in the vet hospitals. Y all of a sudden do u care about the vets? Cause r sitting pres is bringing it to lite
an excuse me! Veterans are not getting adequate or quality care now. The system is a joke. How much worse can it get than the current one?
You font care about anyone but your self. Crying queen 
What did Obama do for 8 years about vets' healthcare?
What did the republicans in Congress do for 8 years.
Yeah that's it! Change the subject and redirect! That's what Libs with no answers do.
No. It is pointing out that the GOP Is responsible for obstructing what needed to be done. You know that is true that is why you tried
the ridiculous response you did.
MORE lies from the Liar of the left.
@SenSchumer scare tactics, tipacle liberal bs. COMPROMISE, it's the right thing to do. Partisan politics sucks.
Stop that. Don't drag us into your insanity, we have health care, Please go back to being Senator you were the one with his own balls
Sure, now you are worried!  What about the prior 8 years?  What were you doing?
Do you ever get embarrassed for your lies?
Then why so many vets died on your watch?Democrats can't answer thats why or dont care!
Not true Chuck!  Try authoring a bill to help the VA.
#fakenews
The VA was riddled with corruption during Obama's 8 yrs. why never mention of that. Please quit playing politics!
Fake news man upstairs is watching
How dare you liberal liars, be honest, if u cared you had 8 yrs to help them, their blood is on yours and Obamas hands!
So if Veterans get fucked more with the new Bill, are you willing to drop support for Trump?
They won't!  Because something Trump has that Obama didn't was empathy and compassion for our vets and our cops!
Any response to them possibly closing VA facilities?... @mallee52
Not true, do you even know what truth looks like?
@SenSchumer Where have you people been the last 8 years when under Obama our vets were dying because they couldn't see a doctor?
Please read the new bill trump signed... forgot it already?
Wait he was all for vets? Or at least to get their votes I guess
Amen, the govt HAS to insure our Vets.
The VA. Dems in Washington D.C. vision for America's single payer system. What a nightmare. Get out of health care, you're destroying it!!!!
@TheDemocrats and Obama have not taken care of vets. The AHCA has no impact on the VA. Why didn't Dems fix VA and healthcare?
Didn't DT say 'we're gonna take care of our vets....soooo good'. The contractors he stiffed tried to tell everyone, this is what he meant.
And push grandma off the cliff....don't forget that one!
Trump the un-patriot & draft-dodger, all this adds up to cowardice and elitism
Push for Independent Commission Investigation Trump/Russia
Your Republican Party at work.
Where the hell were u when veterans died waiting on Govt VA Healthcare?????? And NOW u want people to believe u really care???? Pathetic
Reminds me of The Metallica song "Disposable Heroes"
Not true. Prove it.
Why r the Dems worried about Vets now. They had 8 yrs to fix VA and just made it worse. They don't care!
Don't forget about how hard #Trumpcare is trying to screw women and old people and little kids too. How about adding a WOMAN or POC to panel
Dem idea is to let them die. U are more interested in welfare recipients for their votes. The people know, we live in this world.
He's a draft dodger  he doesn't care abt vets or  USA. He's a Russian sympathizer, a traitor, why the surprise he wants 2take America down.
Bull shit fake news dems trying to scare Americans again
Vets receive VA's comp Med Benefits which includes preventive, primary & specialty care, diagnostic, inpatient & outpatient care services??
ObamaCare stole affordable care from miilions of working folks to cover welfare folks already covered under Medicaid.
You are attacking welfare as if it is important, corporate welfare is larger than social welfare for the poor & disabled. #factcheck
Stop pointing out all the individual groups. It hurts everyone who is considered low income, disabled, elderly....Everyone.
Lies lies & more lies by Schumer!
I am a vet looking to make a better life for my family we only need 1,790 more $50 donation to do that
PROVE IT OR SHUT UP
This is false beyond measure and is yet again another disgusting scare story.
Breaking:after 8 years covered by Obama cow patties & lies. Dems think they should yell about improvements & saving the Doa Obama fieasco
And suddenly, Dems care about veterans!
How come you have a duty now but not when Obama was President????
Can ANY Democrat try to DO something instead of whining and obstructing??!!  How can we vote for you if you won't DO anything?
And where were you BEFORE the bill passed? Oh yeah hiding with Pocahontas
So using what some consider a slur is reasoned discussion. Proves you have nothing of import to say.
Dems need to get together with President Trump and help him get his agenda through to make America great again after 8 years of misery
You all are a bunch of crazy lunatics
@POTUS TRUMPCARE WILL kill vets
Wow ur self serving pandering has no end u have no shame u & the whole dog dem racist bigot party never cared 4 us till Pres Trump did
Pensions for vets in 2011- 9,669. Salary for congress - 174,000
2013 quoting you " U.S military has 2 do their part and take a cut in their retirement,members of congress should not be forced to"
Much better than the shit Obamacare that is the abomination of our country
WRONG FOOL WE HAVE SERVICES UNDER VA CHIICE AND/Or TRICARE
Y do U bastards continue 2 B so anti-American? No 1 has done more harm 2 R cntry than Barack HUSSEIN Obama. Did he even finish high school?
How about sanctions against China
Instead of spreading propaganda , North Korea were building islands under Obama . Russian phobia , but China ass kissers
Even though the premiums and deductibles were skyrocketing under Obamacare and Insurance companies were fleeing it we should keep it anyway?
VA is a socialist healthcare system.Its a mess that you want to push on everyone
It's a government takeover #NoMarxists
You've just described the fiasco known as #Obamacare and it's YUGE ASS Premiums and Co-Pays.  Get a clue, Bruh.  #MAGA
Support #HR676 Please #MedicareForAll
Since they don't have to travel over hundreds of miles to va
Obama care did that ,,vets are getting choices now since they are paying more than the illegals on Obamacare . They don't need a credit
Sit at the table and HELP!!!
Chuck the only thing you "care" about is getting their vote.
You think that those who support #Trumpcare actually #CareForVets or the rest of us. Its all about the @GOP giving tax cuts to the rich
That is a lie Chucky boy. What hurt vets is the VA, Obama & Dems, said was fixed, truth is you did nothing but talk out your butt as normal
Care for vets?  Where were Dems on the horrible VA issues for the past 8 years?
Trump doesn't care about Vets or anyone else.  What has he ever done to help people?  He & his $$ are all. For those he'll do anything.
What percentage of veterans have preexisting conditions? I suspect it's quite high and their premiums will skyrocket.
You don't give a damn about the Vets anyway or you and Obama would have done something 8 years ago for them.
You did nothing
B S look what obama did for 8 years for vets. many died foe lack of care because of him and the democrats
Trump doesn't give a shit about the currently serving troops, why would he care for the vets, he can't make any bank off their backs! #Greed
In fairness, the VA is a cluster. Has been, and continues to be. Please find a bipartisan way to fix it. Vets deserve better
How do u figure? U just said it wld make it easier for our Vets to get care w/o going to VA??! U r confusing
VA will be overwhelmed and we will be paying for vet's care anyway, why not just do the right thing and give us all medical care?
Fake news again
Never ceases to amaze me how the Left tries to twist things to fit their twisted agenda
NOW YOU ARE WORRIED ABOUT VETS? I am certain @POTUS will do more for us than you haters ever did!!!
The time is now. 
Obama on single payer health insurance
Such a fake statement Schumer. Trump just made it easier for them to get medical attention no matter where they live.
Why is it only 13 reps. Men working on revs? Why aren't they working with the Dems? You can't let this happen?
Sorry Mr Schumer, I will trust everyone else but you right now. Your past is checkered enough with lies.
Amen
