Those of us w/ flashbacks of Sandy know, as this storm & hurricane season continue, we cant allow the nat'l flood insurance prgm to expire.
The NFIP covers approximately 5M Americans, many on LI. While the NFIP should be improved, especially now, it cannot be allowed to lapse.
From Bungalows to Mansions in Long Beach. How did that happen? Fraud!  Why is our insurance like a mortgage payment? Sick of watching abuse.
Why don't you fly there? The president did !!! While you and your fellow dems sit on your butts and complain and rob the American people
Congress should be awestruck by the most corrupt and non empathetic President we have had in history!
I agree Obama should be in prison.
Yay Chuck Schumer
Hey Senator can we be counting on your $25k donation/challenge by JJ Watt for Harvey Relief?
Of course not.
This hurricane is second only to the damage the man-child in the White House has wrought on this country. Time for a change!
We must stop thoughtless building to prevent flooding and allow nature to consume water. God help the people of Texas
but hey..at least Melania got to wear her fuck me pumps
Did you donate any of your personal money like our president did, Chuckie Schumer???
You suck!
Really your awestruck ? What have you done to help the people of Texas ?
I agree
How much have you given?
Maybe you and @NancyPelosi  should go swimming in hurricane Harvey with blocks tied to your feet
America is on to you Mr. Schumer and we don't like the game you obstructionists are playing. As your employers, your job review is a failure
What a hypocrite Chuck! No collusion with the Soros group! Where do you get your direction Chuck?
Don't own a hat, not a big fan of Trump but Schumer and Liberals are Hypocrites
And at the same.time this is what they created. Decimating land for profit
Obama would still be thinking what to do
OUR hearts are heavy, and pocketbooks a little lighter. Why are you incapable of acknowledging the great job Pres. Trump is doing?? Jealous?
Crooked Chuck Schumer. Hes in the pocket of the lobbyists. An embarrassment to America
You steal from the American people by taking a paycheck
You could care less.....don't even go there with your fake BS
We are also awestruck by the way most of you politicians are. What a stupid thing to say
Isn't  POTUS doing an excellent job of providing emotional and economic support to the people who are suffering
Very nice but how about saying our President has done an awesome job preparing for this and  has been ahead of the storm from the beginning
Getting in on the ground floor: funding for border wall should not be attached to Harvey relief funding.
So what are you doing about it besides trying to create conflict for my president?

Hey. How about making it Mandatory to build an Escape Hatch From Attic to Roof in Flood Prone Areas? Make it CODE.
Then why don't U take some of the money U stole while in office and help the people in Texas? Let's see your bank accounts, the 1's hidden!
Stay in N.Y.
Will what you and ur snowflakes going to blame Trump lol..
You have a heart???  Doubtful Chuckie.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO HELP VICTIMS OF HARVEY???????????
Not the entire nation
the only sensible thing you said yet
Replace tbe words Hurricane Harvey with trump..u better have been sTrategizing the Dem efforts to REPEAL &  REPLACE TRUMP.WE ARE OUT OF TIME
Really? Then what are you and the other clowns in the senate doing about it???
Well... some of us are. Others are more concerned about TV ratings.
BS! You're just looking for one mistep to bad mouth Trump! Guess what Chuckie- the Dimm strategy of NO & name calling is causing us to laugh
I believe in climate change,I believe in climate change,I believe in climate change,
I was raised in Galveston and Houston. I love you all and have been praying for you day and night. I wish you gods blessings.
Have you denounced the call for Trump's assassination by your MO Senator yet?
Pray for them and help then physically and financially. Individually and through the government.
For the life of me, I can't seem to remember anything you said when Hurricane Katrina hit the MS Gulf Coast.
And antifa
Why don't you go down and help them? Hearts have two hands & two feet. Gogetum Chuckie!
Yet your Leftist pals in the media are focusing on lying about the president rather than focusing on the Texas disaster!  DemocRATS = liars
HEY @SenSchumer GOOD VERY GOOD YOU ARE SOBER. NEXT TWEET TO ANTIFA, BLM, KEEP OUR HISTORY. KEEP OUR MONUMENTS
And our president is doing an awesome job!!
Let me guess chuck schumer it's 
Donald Trump's fault!! You Smuck
you forgot to blame @realDonaldTrump
Even during a national calamity the media attacks potus & flotus. Where is your condemnation? Proves you have no interest in coming together
Texas Forever!
No bailout for a state that does not believe in global warming!
Explain this idiotic tweet!  How does a state not believe in GW. Furthermore what does that even have to do with this?
And that trump is an epic catastrophe
How so?  Please tell me how your life has gone to hell in the last 9 months.
So where are you ?and what physical work are you doing for suffering Americans..Send me a pic to show people. Or is it just talk! Ya Trump!
So why don't you continue to resist! You and yours do not help the country. You are only destroying us.
prayers going up for all hurt by storm
Well seeing how Democrats have no agenda,why not make that your agenda
Now just where the hell did you copy that from? Cause we all know that not your words CrYiNg Chuckles
Thank you Chuck, from a Texan
Little late Chuck?
National Flood Insurance Funding Expire?  For all of us in USA who paid flood premiums we best be covered no matter what.
Prayers for all those affected by this tragic storm. Hopefully a very Speedy recovery and rebuilding for everyone who was hit by this storm
Sympathy from country hater Chuck! Get with support next month and show your colors. Old soldier 89.
And the @POTUS is doing exactly what we expected unlike former President Obama. But your ANTIFA supporters wouldn't like you saying it
Lol dem and schumer sure tweeting a lot.  Trump teach you how to use Twitter?
Thanks Chuck. Now get back to work with Congress and quit thinking about your poor pathetic self and the rest of Democrats..
And no mention from the democrats on what they will do to fight against climate change so these sort of storms don't happen.
You realize hurricanes happened before the Industrial Age. So what was your point?
Chuck How come your not tweeting about the DNC scandal and Debbie wasserman Shultz?  I hear you constantly discussing the president
"People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love..."
Look at all the love.People are inherently good 
I'm sorry to disagree but people are inherently evil. Only God thru Hos Son can change a human heart.Also, love  has 2 hands & 2 feet.
Chuck the path is Texas and Louisiana.
@SenSchumer For God's and our country's sake - get that #madman out of the White House.
Set on it and spin best PRESIDENT we have ever had Obama is a fake
You have been brainwashed, you knew that, but you keep forgetting. But, there are Americans genuinely concerned for you and are fighting 4u.
Not me ! The dems are evil and only care about control over us but we will change that
See, told you keep forgetting
Not sure you took the right pill this morning
Weather station called it. Shouldn't surprise anyone they predicted 30" of rain in Houston. Those who could get out left, I imagine.
Finally something I can agree with you on.
Your heart must be heavy for the Prez then Chuckie. He's in Austin doing what he should. Where are you & Nancy? Having a cocktail.
No, the entire nation by a long long shot. There are higher percentages of citizens in other nations who care more than many US Americans
You don't give a crap about those people, so just kiss of flake
There's also another problem in this country--tyranny. Your refusal to calm down your constituents makes me wonder if you are fit.
If only you had a heavy heart for the victims of muslim terrorist and illegal aliens.
Thank the good Lord we have a @POTUS who was able to get boots on the ground BEFORE the storm, not two days after. Obstructionist.
You are not believable...you have zero credibility. Go in the corner and cry, that's your best attribute

@POTUS @GOP @SenJohnMcCain @DNC @seanhannity Schumer & McCain should both be voted out of politics for failing to do the people's work!
Not heavy enough or you'd be there.
Things are going to be okay. We have a good President now.
It's unbelievable to me the Houston mayor didn't tell people to leave last week.

Surprised you're not down there trying to hog the spotlight chuck. Trump is doing a great job and cares, all you care about is yourself
Too bad that #45 doesn't know how to talk like you
Snakes in the grass; popping his head out.
Get Al Gore's world team a nboarf advisors on camera Climate Change is a fact  don't play politics Dems need to stop politics Mueller ok
Unfortunately #POTUS is again only talking about crowd size and "what a turn out". I haven't heard him say one word of encouragement. #Sad
("we are here to take care of you” and promised a “better than ever before” relief effort.). What else do you want. Good gosh
About time.Awestruck?Where have you been?You excoriated trump for a measured delay in Charlottesville. Your delay is deplorable.Shame on you
I wish I could do more to help . No wall ...help the victims of Harvey
Thank you! This is what compassion sounds like!
Unbelievable! We need to stop constructing & developing.  Water has no where to go with concrete.
Your true sympathy will be shown is a clean rescue bill can be passed without extra pork for area's outside the affected area.
Bet you'll find a way to blame it on Trump! Please vote for term limits.
no need to evacuate
We need Dem leadership very much now - who would you sendto Texas tohelp our fellow Americans intime oftrouble? Please send  Kamala Harris
U chuck are evil, and an opportunist

Upchuck, never hear you say anything about antifa. Why is that???
Guess u don't have anything bad to say about @POTUS
So get your ass back to DC and do something for them. Cut your vacation short since you don't deserve one anyway.
Are you going to blame Trump for this disaster?
Mean statement at a time of crisis
Returning the favor to the Senator. In reality, that's your opinion and I do not agree with your opinion. I am not a Trump supporter.
Support for Texas from the legislative branch needs to be expeditious. No goofing off. Get it done ASAP!
And thank God we have @realDonaldTrump who cares thank you @realDonaldTrump for being here
so what are you doing to help?   TRUMPS THERE WERE THE HELL ARE YOU & @TheDemocrats oh that right no where to be found
What about the crowd? The turnout?
.@SenSchumer @SenGillibrand @SenateDems @SenAngusKing @SenSanders Time 2 discuss connection among #Consumerism #EnergySaving #ClimateChange
Now you just stumping for votes!
like you libtards give a crap
But it's an easy ay to go.
You got that right. I'm running towards the cloud.
Need more tin foil for that hat?

gosh, Trump is positively buoyant!
Why aren't you out in front of the press calling out yes Cruz lies about Sandy relief ? Have you given up ?are you now complicit ?WAKE UP
Why don't you donate a million to help them.
The entire nation except @realDonaldTrump who is campaigning and telling people congrats. SMH #NotaLeader
#delusional
Well, this illegal @POTUS just went 2 TX, acting like it was a rally.
He needs 2 b in padded room!
Danger to others
Almost everybody knows how to say something that helps disaster victims feel better except of course @realDonaldTrump
OK now that you acted as you give a crap no you can go back to slamming Donald Trump
For once I Agree with you.
Seriously, not to take away from Harvey victims in anyway, but I fixed your tweet.
With no health care
I hope this tragedy doesn't become a political footballl & Congress will pass funding for these poor people  in Texas can start rebuilding

He will do both & before his re-election.
Even @SenTedCruz and @JohnCornyn this time?
Hey Chuckie why not have all your Antifa thugs make a trip to Texas and help save lives and protect property.
Sen Schumer could they start becoming more of a forward thinking vs past repair agent. I know it takes money. It would take heavy investment
Alert: Schumer doesn't give a shit bout these folks he just wants the spot light.He can't even locate his own voters in New York.Chucks gone
with one exception: #POTUS he is selling merch.
Thanks Mark more BS from the great obstructionist Tell your buddy to go to work and get something done
And our souls and energy is collectively focused in helping the recovery
Pander alert 
And somehow you jerkoffs will make it Trumps fault. #MAGA
Time for you to 
STOP OBSTRUCTING
and work together w/ @realDonaldTrump  Chuck. 
#TexasCares and so should you Chuck and company!
Your hands working would be a hell of a lot better than whining about your heart. Your too emotional for someone who doesn't care.
Right now Chuck is likely praising God for the leader America has! Trump is not refusing to leave a golf vacation! As Obama did last year!
Except for these idiots.
a bunch of alt-left extremist beat down free speech in Berkeley. yet, a bunch of rednecks are out savings lives.
I know you will vote for aid for the victims but when you cast your vote say Ted Cruz and John Cornyn this is for you 
At least everyone but 45. #ImpeachTrump
Impeach him for what?  Be specific. Cite legal staututes. I'm a lawyer and like that kind of stuff. But you won't.
It must be hard for you not to blame Trump for it.  Oh wait, you eventually will.
it's called climate change Chuck
Climate change, don't stop saying it.
Climate change is a scam driven by the threat of pulling grants from institutions, to allow globalist politicians to regulate and legislate
Agreed BUT Look at volunteering by ppl w boats saving elderly kids families on roofs-1st respndrs civ vols NGuard=TruUSA
Hmmmmmmm....you have a heart?
You Democrats should go help
Except Trump.  He's celebrating in ratings and crowd turn out
I want every Sen to vote & assist the people who've been displaced by #HARVEY but each Sen must remind Sen.Cruz that he voted against NY aid
No thanks to you   You are working to undermine PRESIDENT and economy every day. You should step down  you are too corrupt to serve
Prayers to the family of Officer Perez gave his life to save Texas
I do not agree with you often but I do on this
Is this about a storm in #houston or about the code name for #trump? Not sure. Reads both ways.
Obama left Flood insurance $25 billion in debt why didn't you fix earlier
God Bless police chief Steve Acevedo the most benevolent humanitarian on earth today &God Bless Texas
Think of what all of you could do and it wouldn't hurt your bank accounts hardly at all
Why don't you and all of your buddies in the Senate and the house donate 1 million dollars each
DemocRATS caused more damage to the American people than any natural disaster.
except for @realDonaldTrump who is bragging about crowd size and selling 40$ hats @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDemocrats
You are slipping old man. You didn't blame the rain on Trump.
Please, your heart is heavy 4 money & power, that's it!
And only Trump is supporting Texas while you and your party supporting Antifa and the destruction of America.
right now the entire nation is hurting because we have a divisive POTUS...release the dossier transcripts
While 45 is talking about his adoring crowd size in Corpus. #ImpeachTrump
You need to say thanks to #CajunNavy chuck
And heavier still about who is at the helm of the response.
Hurricane Harvey's damage is nothing compared to the damage you and corrupt @SenateDems are doing to the whole country. @FoxNews
Amen!
The president is working it.  Question for you:  do you support ANTIFA?
Did you focus group this statement? Who talks like this?
Oh yeah.  Rely on Schumer and the Dems.  The last 8 years were so great. Ask why they approved the Iran deal and all the money sent to them
Not exsit it would fit right in with your climate change!  What's worse is that you not even gained any faith.
Not @stevenmnuchin1 's heart - if he has one.  He's already salivating over whose funds he can cut to give to TX.
How long before you blame Trump?
Are you leading any efforts Chuck? Let us know please.
Very slow racist reply
Where you been Chuck? In a coma?
