Los soñadores son personas trabajadoras y sus contribuciones son vitales para nuestro país y nuestra economía. #DefendDACA
El costo humano y económico será catastrófico. Haremos todo lo posible para evitar que esta orden errónea se haga realidad #DefendDACA
Hola Chuck Schumer. All Americans from all languages understand English. Don't discriminate by language. Why not cantonese
TOLD YA DAT DA SMUCK IS A WETBACK>>
it's America English is suppose to be primary not Spanish if one can't learn or speak it then we shouldn't be giving tax $ to
Somebody get this guy an Enlgish dictionary.  Show him that his face is depicted in Schmuck.
Necessitas huevos, Pancho.
Schumer is hispanic?
This tweet is great for the parents of dreamers, but many dreamers never learned Spanish unless they took it in Hi school.. GOP is cruel
El cruel parte Obama era prometedor lo hizo poco esfuerzo para legalizar... Todos hablan!
Translation:  I love you illegals much more than these greedy, hardworking American citizens.
Pandering to your favorite base: The illegal alien, illegal voting, "hiding in the shadows" constituency?
Andrew 3 tweets all in Spanish are you for America or just representing the illegal Spanish community Law is Law like your investigation !!
OMG!!!! GO run for Senate of Mexico!
He would not be allowed based on the Mexican constitution.
Mex Constitution, Arts. 55, 91, 95: No naturalized Mexican citizen can become federal lawmaker, cabinet secretary, or Supreme Court justice.
too bad! I suppose Hillary wouldnt be allowed either?, What about Maxine?
Quit stirring up hate! It's the law and we could be shipping them back! You need to resign if you can't uphold the constitution!
This must be what the senate Senate
Stupido! adonde estaba para los Ninos de DACA "legislatively" Cuando    El Presidency, House y Senate Iba en Tus manos?
English please. Should be the only language in USA

If congress wants to CHANGE THE LAW, then Trump will be happy to implement the new law, but based on existing laws, DACA was illegal.
Apparently, Mr. Schumer, you are not aware of the principle of the SEPARATION OF POWERS! Obama never had the authority to sign DACA!
DACA did not solve the residency issue for dreamers it deferred it, it kicked down the line. Trump is forcing Congress to resolve it.
Pandering fool
Speak English
Chuckie what R U Complaing about? @Potus has given U & @TheDemocrats @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP a chance 2 Shine!
HA!  Your base is disintegrating, isn't it?
El Presidente Trump quiere una ciudadanía permanente que sólo puede ser otorgada por el Congreso.
A la sen. Schumer no le importan los amer. mexicanos. Todo lo que le importa es que hay mano de obra barata para recoger cultivos en CA.
Trying to just get support of votes, legal or illegal
No Obama broke the why this country was made you go through Congress not by pen..
This is America land of English not Mexico,Americans first.. Snowflakes
Bobo
#MAGA @SenSchumer Renunciar
Ohhhh!  Nice playing to the illegals!  Speak english!!  We are in America!! The innability to communicate will be the demise of any country!
Trump ama a #Dreamers. Ahora es USTED quien escribe la ley para mantenerlos aquí permanentes
Que mierda eres.  Como es posible que los "demócratas" no tengan una leí lista?  Eres un idiota imbecile
Hey chuck who typed that for you
do your job
Schumer playing all you Mexicans for chumps. Don't listen to propaganda. Schumer is counting on ignorance. Do your own research.
(Means two double burgers with extra fries)
You are one queer person ChuckSchumer!
STOP IT! STOP IT! STOP IT!
More pandering, Chuckie? By this I can see you are a bit worried it's not going well for you. US Congressman not using official language.
This is the problem. This is America, we speak english, salute the American flag, have laws to obey & penalties if U don't. U R problem
illegal alien , US citizen , l don't understand Schumer, FOLLOW the law U clown illegal is just that , illegal
LMAO...
And it forces a bunch of democratic voters to leave!  Two birds with one stone!
Er... Wnglish please.
You're a pandering tool.
Trump dejó de DACA para que el Congreso pueda aprobar una nueva ley para proporcionar unasolución permanente!DACA fue temporalmente solución
Should not give in to blackmail. Don't believe in wall but DT promised Mexico would pay for wall not US. Pass DACA no strings attached.
He didn't say anything about deportations. Its not cruel to not renew DACA. others come here legally & apply for citizenship. Laws mean a/t
#AmericaFirst
eres un perdedor!
Maybe Spanish T.V.....Just with a screen that says    VOTE DEMOCRAT 2018!!!!!!   Give it a shot.
Why didn't the Dems pass immigration reform when you had a super majority under @BarackObama? No one to blame, but yourself.
Because they were more concerned with passing the horrible Obamacare bill.
move to mexico
No it doesn't. Do your job and pass a constitutional law that works for everyone!! And how about you focus on NYS DEBT. WE'RE SINKING FAST!
Speak English you fool you live in the United States
Nice try, your voters are leaving, you are free to go too!
@SenSchumer es may loco. 
Press 2 for ENGLISH?
Translate from Spanish? You don't care about these people you just want there vote! If you did care you would have fixed it by now!
Bet You can't speak Hebrew, American Traitor!!
Our constitution is written in ENGLISH Chucky. If you need to use Spanish, then you're not speaking to legal citizens
No  speaks de Spanish. Iam an American &wish to be spoken to in my country's English. I find it degrading when speak down in this way .Shame

Nice to see your preaching in English. Votes,  votes, votes baby
Yo why don't you speaka English. You know the language of the land.
Puto
Hey, Chuck, We're in America...we speak english here.  Why don't you go to Mexico and patronize the drug cartels who democrap's condone.
Good political verbage Chuck, but it's up to you to create the law, now. Don't sherk your responsibility and make politics out of it.
An illegal alien being allowed to stay here and recieve benifits is a slap in the face to immigrants who did it right.
We speak English here! That's where your priorities need to be if you want to keep your job.
You protect the few that come to take our jobs & our federal money! Do you not think they wonder why? What's in it for the Dems.
Y sabemos que el presidente es cruel y es un idiota
Lol.  Who translated that for you?? We all know your lazy and don't do a god damn thing.
The man who filibustered congressional attempt to do something is now the AG telling congress it can write a law. Cynical D.C. at work.
Well the ball is in your hands now, perfect scenario to show true collors of congressmen. What are you afraid of @SenSchumer ?
Did you use google translator
Oh you think you're cool now don't you.  Stop protecting illegals and start protecting the forgotten American citizens!
Democrats invented this harship for people thatYou allowed here illegally without an immigration FIXthat you FAILED to make the last 8 years
Speak English jerk.
No sapo feo, dejate de ser tan mentiroso #DACA
Stop it. When are you going to defend your citizen constituents. #unAmerican
They don't matter. DRats know his constituents are in the tank 4 them, need new blood hence illegals.An example why we need 2 #DrainTheSwamp
50m americans on food stamps,over 90m out of job,poor economy recovery increase in poverty rate among minority in d past 7yrs.U did nothing
Did you copy and paste that off Google translation app?You are a piece of work!You &compadre Obama just no comprende! U started the mess !
I guess you should have been doing your job for the past few years!
You are in America. We talk to our friends and constituents in English. Grow up
Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) - operative word "deferred" now its time deal with the problem with legislation!
Spanish or English it's all the same. Immigration reform. Hello. Fix it
Why didn't you try and fix it before
Build the wall #CryBabyChuck #LegalImmigration
how do you say democrats are failures in Spanish?
Ud. no ha hecho nada por resolver este problema durante los 8 ocho anos en el congreso.  Ud. y sus colegas son unos hipocritas.
Pass a bill.
Por que uds. los congresistas no han hecho legislacion para resolver el problema de imigracion en este pais. Han tenido much tiempo para eso
Si.
What was cruel, was you dems lied to them saying they can stay against our laws . Accomidation without consequence, silly chuckie
Verdad!!  Lo ciento mucho a todos. Espero que el Congreso corrija esto.  Time for CA to stand up to Trump!!
Obama could've made a better decision Done immigration reform instead of some paper that he knew was temporary kick the can down the road
He knew that executive order was overreaching and was not going to be valid forever just a few years now you're trying to blame Republicans
You are very wrong, numb nuts
Or language in this country is ENGLISH senator. How dare you!!!
Submit a bill to right this wrong.
Do I have to push #1 to understand your message chucky?
Sorry if your parents broke the law bring you here . You're still illegal

Correspond in english please. This is America! Does not impress anybody.
The DACA program is unconstitutional. (Not the kids fault) Obama and Dems want the votes,  not right!  FIX Your mess along with healthcare
Pandering Chuck. You are part of the illegal immigration problems.
We'll keep DACA if ALL FREEBIES R REMOVED! No free housing, food stamps, health care and education! Want to B Americans?Earn it like we did!
Beso mi culo-!!!!
Do something! 800, 000 thousand Americans regardless of their legal statutes or brith place are part of our American society.
America has EVERY RIGHT to vet who comes to this country. Chuck Schumer does not care about illegal immigrants, he cares about VOTES. #DACA
Perhaps you should have enforced our immigration LAWS from the beginning and there wouldnt be this problem right now. use head not heart
UR constituents would love 4 U 2 care 4 them as much as u care for the illegals! W know where ur loyalty is!  We w remember!
Chuck... you are pandering.
Hahahahahahahahaha!!!  Virtue signaling at it's finest.  Nice try though.  People are people.  NOT races
Please do your job to legislate #DefendDREAMers
Schumer no dice la verdad. Mentiroso el. Los democrats han tenido tiempo suficiente para crear un ley con protecciones. 6 mezes mas tienen.
Que
I don't understand I live in America.. great idea??  you should go run Mexico and help that country we do need your services anymore goodbye
See ths is why ths country is in trble.U r nt doing any immigrant legal/illegal any favrs by pandering t a native language SPEAK ENGLISH
Chuck, stop it ! Your Pandering is going 2 make me puke. Where do you stand on homeless veterans, inter city schools. R they 1st for help ?
STOP ALL YOUR OBSTRUCTION MR.SCHUMER
Do not fund the government until DACA legislation passed. #DefendDACA
I would shut down the government if they did
El jack ass
Speak English, you're in America you fool.
I translated this to mean pandering to your base
Oh, schmuckie, pandering for illegal votes is SO below you....oh...wait.
English pls
Chuckie your in the USA English is our language
yo es stupido...English is THE language of the USA, pander mucho????
This is American, and I'm also sick of your talking in Spanish like we aren't hear this is America and English is our language
U expect us 2 believe u wrote this in Spanish? They aren't being deported, read the regulations. Time 4 u 2 #retire!
Very American Tweet Chuckie.
... #loveMyPresident #MAGA #loveMyAGSessions

Now, you speak Spanish #loser
No es verdad.
Chucky boy who do some workfor a change it's not that we hate these people can't afford to pay for themanymore. We havepeople here need help
Claro que se tiene que ir. Los quien vienen aqui ilegalmente toman ese riesgo. Hay leyes en los Estados Unidos. No es cruel, es la LEY.
¡SCHUMER NO TRABAJA POR DERECHO PAGANDO A LOS CIUDADANOS! TRABAJA POR SUS PROPIOS INTERESES PERSONALES. ¡ES PARTE DEL PROBLEMA EN EL CONGRES
Stop lying.  We stand behind Trump, so do the legal Hispanics for Trump. Allowing them to stay is a slap in legal aliens faces!!
#pander
SCHUMER DOESN'T WORK FOR LAW ABIDING TAX PAYING CITIZENS! HE WORKS FOR HIS OWN PERSONAL INTERESTS. HE'S PART OF THE PROBLEM IN THE CONGRESS!
For those of you in DACA, it appears that Congress doesn't want to help you. They keep blaming Trump. What does that tell you?
Tu acceptando dinero de Dr. Melgan, amigo de Menedez, que tiene fiestas donde violan a latinas jovenes es cruel. Basta con tu estupidez.
Now we know that Schumer isn't handling his Twitter acct. Some staffer sitting there typing BS about how righteous Dems are.
Hey Chucky are you really sending these tweets?
No lo veo como cruel lo veo como oportunidad para que congreso escribe un let justo que proteje estos chicos
Pretty sick Chuck when you find it necessary to Tweet in Spanish.
Press 1 for English Chuckles
I as an American do not think that the POTUS decision on DACA was cruel at all Mr. Schumer.
As an American I think it is cruel, they grew up here, contribute to our society
I wonder how many used other people SSN's.
Still illegal no matter what language you speak
¡ES LA COSA ADECUADA PARA JUGAR A LAS ORDENES EJECUTIVAS DEMOCRATAS QUE TENGAN EL EFECTO QUE RATE A NUESTROS PROPIOS CIUDADANOS!
Shu tup mane
Illegal voters. This is all you are about. Corruption and graft. Power and money. Your day of reckoning is coming.
Here we go push 1 for english 2 for Schumer. This is where US is headed with career politicans at the wheel . Take action vote out of office
I'm an American, and a NYS resident, you don't speak for me Chuckie now or ever
Are you actually representing Americans, or are you a foreign agent. Cause it seems like you take the side against Americans.
¿De verdad crees que el uso repentino del español está engañando a alguien?
Yes....- the Young dreamers need to be put ahead of Legally born USkids if need be!! The fed govt is in such good financial order tx Obama!
Que importa, si no pueden hacer nada en contra este "presidente" que no sirbe para nada
Senator we need to spot this from happening, we need your help in congress!!!
We count with you, Thank you!
Si DACA era lo correcto. U debería haberlo hecho LEGALMENTE por Congreso hace años. Haz tu trabajo.
Do you understand the definition of the word "illegal" ?
Will your next tweet be a lie about how the path to citizenship must include learning English 
Speak English you hack
Finally, you hit the nail on the head. DACA is cruel and should have never been permitted. Glad we could come to an agreement on this.
