Here DT goes again flipping his middle finger and then goes into hiding. And he does it while hurricane is happening. Such a COWARDLY move!
He can resign to go back to that tower and stay there!
And leave it all to the democrats. Yeah that's a plan!!
A good plan. Repair the damage he gas done!
You know a funny thing about electoral maps - they CHANGE!!! And just so there is no confusion, - a RACIST pardoned another RACIST!!!
Funny how following the laws of our nation makes one a racist you've way overused your nasty adjectives & now they mean ZERO!
Please for the love of god DO SOMETHING. Are there no decent Rs in the Senate who will join forces with Ds to save this country??
Actually there are only a few decent (D) that would join the (R) but they fear being blackballed
U know the easiest way 2 spot a bot? They ALWAYS hav a Trump pic or Trump reference in their bio. Real adults don't do hero worship of pols
So you're calling me a bot pretty sure at 54 I'd know if I were one . Hero worshippers are the Libs & MSM that treat Oblabla like God!!
Either a bot or staggeringly unsophisticated and naive at 54!
Typical sore loser resorting to name calling! You're just pissed your shitty candidate lost She couldn't get elected to pick up dog shit!
Honestly, yawn. So childish.
Calling names is childish. Instead of acting like a five year old, how about you spend your time actually READING about your candidate 
@POTUS is in full control of things at Camp David. He's in contact with Federal, Stste and local authorities taking care of people. #MAGA
No..... there are no phones or internet.... it's Camp David... you know.... like camping.
EVERYONE knows Camp David is equipped to run our nation. #You're from Greece! Mind your own damned business. Your country is a hot mess!
I'm American born Greek..... dur.....
Insulting
Well I scrutinizing anyway and so is most of America.  This is outrageous and it must end soon
I just think it is funny..you idiots actually think Schumer will do something...ha he ha...he is all talk
Senator, a simple House majority to impeach Trump, then 2/3s of the Senate to remove. Please talk to your Congress buddies.  #Impeach45
What a cry baby!
Yes. @SenSchumer &the entire @TheDemocrats party r whinny cry babies who cannot except election results. STOP OBSTRUCTING &start working!
Once again you've proven you don't know what the hell you're talking about. Better deal, my ass.
America, vote these swamp dwellers out.  Pres is in Camp Daivid and any place else, because the WH is undergoing renovations.
@SenSchumer thank you for calling out blatant disregard for all. @lutetiav30 writing in capital letters doesn't strengthen your message.
Lut is clearly just as delusional and unhinged as her president.
Lutetia is living proof why there should be a law against siblings fucking each other.
You have to impeach this man.
What are you even saying? President Trump has dealt & is still dealing with Texas's severe hurricane; very critical. You've been on Vacation
u r not a patriot at all u sold out to globalism this is our country Obama is a criminal as bad or worse then Clinton so r u
He just threw the RULE OF LAW out the window has to go someone kick some ass of the Republican party or they may never recover (okay w/it)
Why don't you run awY somewhere, Chuck? Please...
That's very Christian of you...follow your own advice please Ann.
Old Chuck can go fuc himself! Useless democrat, reason I don't support the party anymore!
Please do something to stop this madness!
He's such a 
He is a freaking COWARD! The GOP @SpeakerRyan  own everything he is doing. EVERYTHING!
Best president this nation has ever had.   Tough job to fix everything Obama messed up for 8 years
He wrote a million dollar check....you?
Who wrote a $1 million check, Dump?  I'll believe it when I see it.
Why are YOU reflecting on @realdonaldtrump instead of all of TEXAS and LOUISIANA.  shame on you!
Reflecting on Trump means he's scared for his job if Trump drains the swamp. Where do you stand on term limits Chuckie?
Chuckie, Chuckie, Chuckie You know they are remodeling Whitehouse.  He is focused on Hurricane Harvey at Camp David.
ISN'T SCHUMER THE SAME AS HITLER BUT IN A DIFFERENT LANGUAGE?
No. He wanted the attention! Too much hurricane coverage.
It's ok Linda... go to your safe room and color!

Shut up. WORK. EARN YOUR PAY for which You are so GROSSLY overpaid by American taxpayers. You are a public SERVANT, so BE one.
You need to be concerned with the American people and what they want not want you think thanks GOD TRUMPS our president
Chuck Schumer, you lied to America for a Year knowing your Trump/Russia story was BS. Dems don't even believe you.
There is no cover up.  Pres has more coverage under Harvey than without.  You are such a liar.  All your ideas are nothing but $$$$$$$$$$$$
You are full of 
Oh yeah because the Democrats never did any press releases on Friday before holiday weekends. You have such integrity. A**hole
The governor of Texas has praised him over and over again for all of his help. Stop crying liberals and donate some money to rescue efforts

Governor just said this is false news. There are no changes all victims will be fine.
There's a lot of information out there with a little effort you to can be informed
You are so weak, emasculated urban nonsense from you #usefulidiot
Or he's completely lacking in awareness and cognitively-impaired. Or he's just lacking in decency. Maybe all?
Chuck Schumer, cannot wait to vote you out!! Second only to voting my President Trump in!!Woohoo party time on THAT day!!! 435 days away!!!!
Time for you to run out of office schumback!
He unlike you lifetime liars and thieves he Joe was enforcing the law of the land. You Nancy and Maxine keep drinking until you make sense
You are the biggest waste of space and money ever.
What have you done or said for the Texans? That's right, not a God dam thing!
Don't you have some Antifa heroes you need to praise?
Crying Chuck is talking tough. Didnhe mention he spent the week on vaca in Florence, Italy. Real man of the people #elitist #DrainTheSwamp 
Taxpayers, vote these Liberals out!  Everything constructive & economical for the taxpayer is not expensive, or illegal enough for Dems.
Then he continued to WORK 18 HOUR DAYS ON HIS "VACATION" WITH ZERO PAY while you sat around criticizing him. You have zero INTEGRITY.
Please resign

Camp David, not one of his golf clubs, cuz he's a COWARDLY CHICKEN SHIT afraid of the criticism he'd get. We all know he hates Camp David.
And people could show up to protest in Florida- no one can get near him or cameras at Camp David. He's even more insulated there.
Well, at least he's forced to spend the weekend in a place he hated after 30 minutes:
I think I read that he said it was boring. I'm sure he didn't like the lack of lime-light. Of course this weekend that's just what he wants.
And gold leaf. Camp David needs more gold.
Is there a golden shower there? Ooooh. Sorry. Might have crossed the line but I just had to!
Like usual Chucky boy in the rest of the Democrats like spreading hate with their Democrat CNN. We care about these people in Texas u don"t
How is Trump showing he cares for the people in Texas?
You nailed it Senator
Trump was the first one there before Obama on the last storm when Obama was Golfing remember I Do ..Trump is Prepared
yup. Coward in chief.
I think you are confused, this is a coward in chief.
Where where you during the many trying times here in New York , that is before you had your eye on higher office
You're insane if you really believe that. He's got more balls , brains and backbone than anyone in Washington.  Why the people elected him.
http://www.lifezette.com/polizette/texas-lt-governor-not-time-criticize-president/amp/ … people in Texas says to shut up
Go away you hypocrit liar. Go pout with the rest of your Demacrook friends.
Hey Chuck Schumer, remember your big fake cry stunt over better vetting? Why no tears for Texas...a REAL tragedy?
Are you talking about Obama? Going on vacation/golfing, not acknowledging tragedy. Where was he when hurricanes hit? Stop BS already.
Right on target! Plus biased and self-serving!
Your an embarrassment to this country
He is NOT my president! Why can't someone or group of people get him out of office? I just don't understand. Everyone complains to no avail!
This ugly leftists hateful rhetoric will not deter patriotic deplorable Americans any longer! We will fight this absolute hate!
Trump is a malignant narcissist and a pathological liar.
You just described Obama, Schumer, Pelosi, DWS,  Both Clintons, Brazzile, Lerner, verified liars all #usefulidiot
THIRD GRADER CHUCKY.PLAYING POLITICS WITH THE COUNTRY
He took Marine One  Where was your outrage when Obama pardoned Chelsea Manning or traded 5 Gitmo terrorists for traitor Bowe Bergdahl?
TRUMP IS A PUSSY!!!
And to signal to those who have incriminating info that he is willing and able to pardon them, if they don't spill...?
He committed a misdemeanor not espionage
He's a dishonorable person. A vindictive, toxic individual, using his pain/resentment from childhood as a weapon. Please stand up to him.
You're talking about Schumer right?
No Trump, No Wall, No USA at all. ANTIFA chant. Are these your people Senator. You must denounce this behavior. Stand against these thugs.
Chuck Schumer you to play to pay guy
You have NO CREDIBILITY- you are a lying, dishonest, con man and have no business representing NY!
Done NOTHING for the American citizens! Waste of our money!
A presidential loser. Unity to him means uniting around him, not uniting together.
You still on vacation after working so hard to obstruct and smear President Trump? Go join your Antifa buddies.

Trumpett
Yup. Chicken little he is.
Chuck where are your prayers to all affected #HurricaneHarvey ALL you do is bitch about @potus. Need some midol for those cramps? @VJCortese

you rant about President Trump, claiming he has used this storm as cover, let us not forget the king and queen of the "turn and look here"
Obama and Hillary were the king and queen of the "turn and look here" media. If others use it that is because they learned well from them.
I pray for your hardened heart.
Scrutiny 4 WHAT! Leftist delusion that Trump is committing some  "heinous crime". We in REAL WORLD see wht u'r trying 2 do & we WON'T FORGET
You should unite yet you divide...please resign old man, your hate has overtaken you. There's no hope for you.
Trump has surely broken every law of land and should have been fired by now
name one
Dems blow everything out of proportion, while diverting attention from controversial pardons by Dem Presidents Obama & Bill Clinton.
Disgraceful
...Hey Schmuck, just curious how many times you thought Nobama "ran off", he was gone on vacation quite a bit, wasn't he ?...not a word then
Think you should clean your own house before starting on Trump we are sick of you hypocrites
You need to be fried you sew hate & violence see no untiy.Holding revenge @ the peoples expense
They did this with Hillary's email updates too...cry more 
Nahhhh, he announced it in Phoenix at the rally Chuckie! Didn't you watch it? lol #lyingasusual!
#RacistTrump #CowardTrump #CowardInChief #racistPOTUS #RacistInChief
Please, end this nightmare.
He pardoned a convicted man as a threat to meuller~might as well call off the investigation-I'm gonna pardon all your parties of interest !
You lefties need to get the middle finger....lol. It's about time! Hope you get quite a few more!
Somebody should do something about this. Send a doctor to #CampDavid  Face the truth @realDonaldTrump is an elderly man suffering #dementia

Chuck why don't you go to Texas so you can be blown away and save the good people of Texas who are worth way more than you !
@SenSchumer you are a traitor
Wrong...@POTUS TALKED about over 5 days ago...You are Bent on Negativity against our President...Shame on you.  Americans know Truth.
American people see right through you. We're all coming together to help Texas while you try to use the storm to your advantage
20 minutes from the White House wow
I'm confident angry mobs with pitchforks, shovels and sticks are not allowed at the retreat anymore. That's why he went again so soon.
& masks & weapons & self loathing
Chuck you seem "unhinged". He isn't doing the wave in Cuba with Castro. Stay on topic we appreciate you. #maga #deplorables #veterans
Because he's so strong and brave,  right?
Of course he'll use anything to deflect! I'm surprised he doesn't hide behind women and children! Oh wait he did that yesterday !
I guess the Dems never use the cover of other news to avoid scrutiny (sarc)! Ya, ok buddy! R u shedding crocodile tears over this too?
As far as Schrumer is concearned he is an American congressman insulting an American President in a time of disaster show some character
He learned  from the previous potus.
@tempteststorm2 Pres Trump has received an A for his response. More obstruction, lies
Criminal
ANTIFA , the Democrats Doom!
Fix it! You all need to ge together and drop hom lile a brick. Come on, stop talking the talk and walk the walk for the country
To blame a Hurricane, which ny nature is an act of God, on @POTUS is so hateful,is definitely the lowest the minority leader has sunk so far
He's a coward.  This same guy who took deferments for an alleged bone spur is kicking out good people who want to serve.  Shame.
Rome is burning
Na the Democrats just farted.. false alarm
Coward, unfit, divider, racist, no regard for rule of law. Trump must be impeached. #ImpeachTrump
Obama releases terrorists from Guantanamo and real criminals from prison and Democrats say nothing. Democratic party in imploding.
http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/aug/17/obama-gets-update-la-floods-heads-back-golf-course/ …
the place he called a "dump"
That was the wh.

https://youtu.be/QE98t-l2zPI 
You have got to be kidding, do you have a schedule of when things should and should not be done?
Lol u should grow a beard and appear on infowars
And i didn't hear a word from your lying lips about them...Did i!!!

Thems dik suckin lips if I've ever seen'em
Ouch! .  

We will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as #HurricaneHarvey makes landfall. America is w/ you! @GovAbbott @FEMA @DHSgov 
I bet you are sitting in your office
crying over President Trump showing compassion for the people of Texas, unlike Obama that did nothing
BS. There's ALWAYS something going on in DC. Is this your excuse for Congress getting nothing done? Worried sick about optics of a decision?
Camp David is a safe space for him...no public allowed. #CowardInChief #SmallestDickOnPlanet
More rants from a Sterile Brave referencing dick size. #liberalLogic.  What happened to the Russia story??? Jump on another horse to beat.
Never let a crisis go to waste. What is it exactly you want the President to do? You're just sitting on a pedestal whining FFS.
To suggest this bout the @POTUS  during such a difficult time for so many...have u even watched the news?This is unforgivable. Party of Hate
Chuck the Schmuck is a HATE MONGER!!
stop with the bullshit and go do you job and make our county what it should be.
Disgusting god help us all please stop this from happening again please
You are right Senator. POTUS is a despicable human being
Resign already you anti-American. You stand with Obama and Lawlessness.
and if anyone knows how to deceive the public it would be you chuckie
THANK GOD FOR DONALD TRUMP.
Get this delusional lunatic out ASAP!
Have to say it Chuck, you are what I call White Pollution.
Get over it and worry about something other than what Trump is doing. You prove your idiocy on a daily basis!
Please so something to save the country from trump.  I've never been this afraid for our future before now.
This is true; however, don't claim moral indignation when Presidents of both parties have done this with controversial issues for years.
You can't even do the job you have so how can you tell our POTUS how & what to do? Do your job & help the American ppl!!
What's the matter? Jealous you can't multi-task?
My God-there R no words 2 describe how ugly & rotten you R- If God loves this country he will see 2 it that the likes of U & Pelosi go away
You realize that this is practice for granting pre-indictment pardons for the whole Russia & trump business investigation gang / witnesses.
He was hiding behind little kids as he walked to the helicopter.
So please give me a break
Too bad becomes we will not forget. It's time the house and senate stop this madman before he kills our country.
The only one doing as you suggest is you. Practicing your narrative rhetoric in a mirror?
Chuck your sounding like William our tampon mayor.Oscar Lopez??
Bullshit!
Bunch of idiots always trying to stir the pot.
Chuckie,i thought i saw your cousin amy wallowing in the mud down in Texas,somebody wanted to catch that pig.
He didn't run you jerk. I used to think that at least you were positive some of the time compared to Pelosi. I'm disappointed.
So where did U run to may I ask, Texas to be with the people you are so concerned with? I know the answer to that. Empty polls, and promises
And what are you going to do about it? Talk is cheap! I am one of your constituents

https://mesg.ebay.co.uk/mesgweb/ViewMessageDetail/0/All/89540635009 …
I don't believe anything you say!!!
But he must not miss his Golf Game this weekend !!!!
Last time I checked Camp David fully equipped to handle everything and monitor hurricane which has to pass first to see damage.
Hey @senschumer guess what? He doesn't care what u say. Bet he wishes he never donated to your campaign, tho.
Screw you and your BS and lies, he didn't run any where, what, u aren't happy enough that your lies created #ANTIFA what do u want blood

Poor Chuck always negative, yet refuses to reach across the aisle and offer any solutions for working America who is suffering #MAGA
