#climatechange
Is that why NY school water fountain pipes contains lead. Most schools failed the lead test. I didn't hear you warning parents.
If you want cleaner air, try shutting your mouth ! Next to you, coal and water pollution is a Godsend ! Change has been here a billion years
get in there and fight. We the people DEMAND an independent investigation.
YEAH! investigate Obama.  We all know he is a crook!
the futility of engagement with those with tunnel vision has not gone unnoticed. #drainthewh
Democrats aren't scared of what Trump will do, they're scared what he will do will work.
penquins are not scared to fly, the just cannot. #drainthewh
wait who's a penguin... or is it Democrats are penguins,  Trumps not scared, or Democrats can't fly?
trying to follow your logic. Most of U.S. not happy and are all scared of what he is doing. Loyalists love him.
can't speak for the people, but Obama said a lot of what Trump is doing and nobody blinked.
Bogus facts! The question is what caused the climate to change? There is no evidence to suggested that it was caused by human. Fake data!
Custodians are running from school water fountain to fountain running them in the AM so they will pass the lead tests.
Sounds inflationary...burdensome and bankruptive.........
Thank you, @SenSchumer !
Climate change is not a scientific fact there has been no studies done on the actual climate but rather in a Laboratory setting.
Stop spraying the Atmosphere with Heavy Metals. Stop Poisoning our FOOD. Stop putting FLUORIDE in the Water.
When the Native Americans lost their sacred and "protected" ground, it was downhill from there. He's lying to the miners too.
so true, but money is root of all evil with these devils
@Wolf_Wolfman Keep trying to change the subject we want to see how many times you changed the rules to block a nominee
How about Flint Michigan? What did the Obama Admin do to resolve their water problem? Nothing, they are still on bottled water.
Climate change is a normal cycle of the earth.  there is pollution and that should be fixed, but you're fanatical & wrong!
Then just maybe the US should elect a president with a brain.
then I guess you should have won the election
Water/air yes. Renewable if makes sense. Fossil fuel lifts countries out of poverty. Climate change complete political sham.
.  Wonder if his record attests to such a belief.  Congress needs to act, not pontificate.
beauty of sience is that it changes as new facts emerge. Wake up.
Scientific fact coal/Activated_carbon filters water and air. Plus a new concrete made from coal reduce carbon emissions by 90%
Why don't YOU,  Chucky do something about Monsanto.. That affects ALL people through our food supply and destroys our soil.
Ok Chucky then why don't YOU do something about GEO engineering being sprayed down upon us. !
Blah Blah Blah Sen. Obstructamerica! #MAGA #retirechuck
Just because Trump is changing regulations doesn't mean he doesn't want clean air!
been there we done that and spent enough of our tax dollars!
you are a nobody please keep your crying  at home no one cares about your corrupt politics
Scientists proved you wrong again and again! Trump air will be better for we the people who care about our own people! Wake up!
Jobs for these tasks are a bonus perk for the economy.
@sparkkymark which side of his mouth is he talking out of today?
Start with your hudson river
what are you ever going to do when Trump stops to the opioid use? You will go through withdrawals
Stand up for America's lands, waters and air. Majority of Americans want environmental protection.

renewable energy is not efficient, look up "rare earths" that make wind turbines and car batteries. RE doesn't exist. Moron
@Cherish300zx #
@BaittyJulie  well we all know how Trump knows everything. .he went to Wharton you know!!
yes. We all know that his parents paid Wharton
Where is Al Gore? He needs to do a rally on the steps of the white house. Invite the world. Make it national and international.
climate change is not bullshit
it sure isn't !!! I live in California and we are experiencing it first hand !!!!
The only negative impact on any progress has been caused by your party. Get out of the way, and let us handle it. We are smarter than you.
you are a shyster, not an engineer, stick to your disrespectful profession.
You mean the scientific facts that were falsified in order to get more grant money?
if you want to invest into the past then buy antiques!
And you should be taking your meds
SHUT UP
China is going to own Climate Change Progress. Read Tom Friedman in the NYT today. Trumps position is pathetic.
appears u choose 2 NOT understand clean coal. We have the technology to protect the environment. F'ing libs r clueless
18004494717 Press 1 to set term limits. It's time for new blood remove the clot that's killing America. Retweet
perhaps if elected officials (you) would quit whining and DO something, things would improve.
@orangepussygrab - That's right. So let's do something other than babbling in Washington. Health plan, reboot the climate plan.
Wow. You don't even believe your own BS. AND NEITHER DO WE!
dummies don't use facts just lies-
crawl back under ur rock schumer
tell your followers about Flint MI water Chuckles
@flipflop4u2 that's what intelligent people would be doing but there's a bunch of idiots in charge now. Money hungry assbags
Getting screwed on your green energy shares now ? @johnpodesta will give you a hug
Money talks, Science walks. Utah Leg just ended tax breaks for solar energy installations.  Often worse air quality in USA 
The US should be investing in their people. Go over to China and convince them about your facts first and then we will comply.
we cannot let this Russian admin get away with this. All must go.
#TheResistance #Trumprussia #EmolumentsClause #nepotism
You are a complete  phoney!
quit crying Chuck. Seriously.
you mean like that water you Dems provided Flint Mich. You mean like energy like Solyndra? You mean like polar ice caps growing?
You mean 39 degrees in NYC in March! Lol what global warming sir? Oh yours lol
Trump is anti-everything positive for America. But then he's the AntiChrist...pure evil.
@CHamptonGray We're going to be tying this stuff up in the legislature and courts until we can vote them out, right Boss?
ABsolutely ! Please keep fighting this corrupt sickness!
You're #clueless. What are you going to do about it? Nothing just like a typical establishment politician.
Are you an engineer or scientist? Do you have a clue abt what is a stmt of theory vs a political stmt? How do you tell the diff?
100% agree #StayInformed
Hey Chuckie if your against it then I'm for it that's how much confidence I have in what you say.
No. We should invest on fossil fuels and make our nation energy self sufficient. That's what Dept of Energy was supposed 2 do.
its not progress. That's why SCOTUS keeps overruling the EPA. They are performing unconstitutionally. EPA cannot make laws.
Don't judge what people do, if you don't know what they've been through. -> @RelatabIeTweetz <-
hey Chucky!  Remember Solyndra?  Obama's first big fail.  Goodbye taxpayer money.
Every time you talk you are adding carbon to our planet. Please stop. #ElDouchebag #SchumerIsADouche
somebody from NY is talking about pollution? sure
well Trump is retarded what else can I tell you
How about enforcing immigration laws??
Schiff must recuse himself. Benghazi coverup/ rabid hillary supporter/cannot verify claim/lied/partisan hack. do it now
tell us where you're cutting back to save the planet Schumer or is it just the middle class that needs 2 do without. Hypocrite !
No the U.S. shouldn't. It's too expensive & a scheme.  Global warming is a lie used by statists like you to control people.
IMHO you are ever so DELUDED.
You think it's ok to abort a nine month old human being!!! Climate change progress??? Your joking Please support real issues
I vote for our president Donald Trump . Let's pick up a restaurant  in Manhattan  and talk about my choice .No screaming please
you are not paid to think
can I put the renewable energy on your visa card?
exactly what have you EVER done to help the people of Clint Michigan
how about assigning yr illegal aliens to clean the water
Why just coal miners back to work? Why not whalers,buggy whip makers, outhouse builders,switchboard operators, screw progress!
Chuckie stop all the bullshit. Slimey Schumer
Amen to that. I can't believe this has become a political battle.
Progress? Show me how these regs have undone Climate Change? Climate Change isnt a bad thing.
SOLYNDRA! #EpicFail
.@SenSchumer I have a micro-sized record player, one millimeter in height, that is playing "my heart bleeds for you"
hmmm, before SUVs and oil companies and Trump, my whole city was a deep lake and now it's desert. Climate change is inevitable.
Wouldn't know a fact if you were slapped with it. #Useless
Chuckie, all of Barry O's failed solar BS showed the best way to lose millions of dollars. Let's drill, mine coal and export.
such a liar and panderer. No comparison between Gorsuch and obama nominee, per Biden rule. Heard of it? Money pandering loser
All your Obama regulations are gone Bozo!  And you'll lose the Supreme Court!
Climate change is nothing more than a cult religion.  Ploy for globalists to legislate.
oh bullshit Chuck
We have soo much open land in the U.S. why not install Solar Panels to create clean energy
Natural cycles of the sun and oceans controll climate not man or CO2.
Man caused climate change is bs. A lie perpetrated on the American people by dishonest politicians & frauds hooked on grant  $
Global warming, BS has been goin on 4 decades.  In 1959  North by Northwest Cary Grant talks about it in a elevator scene.
climate change a FARCE. JUST LIKE YOU!!
let's see, flint was on your watch
About that fence!
So what is your excuse for the water crisis in Michigan under Obama & EPA NAZI Gina McCarthy ?
go ahead and ignore the fact it was the Democrats that destroyed the Flint River.
clomate change is a religion and nothing else
@sahlee426 it's crystal clear. The planet will start agonizing should nothing change in near future. And  that issue is serious!
what kind of planed will next generations inherit?
planet, I mean ..
At every step trump is moving America backwards Every bill he signs makes it worse.
Idiot!
America will continue to invest in this. But you can not switch an entire country to this overnight. Quit it. Get to work.
Are people really stupid enough to believe your lies?
#climatechange is reality. Nrgy companies should be incentivized to invest in job training so new methods can be integrated.
already have princess
The US should be focusing on getting people back to work! Unless China's Air Quality gets better, our air will be bad.
the US Should mandate Psychological evaluations for politicians when they verbally abuse someone for who they voted for.
#falsenarrative #getrealchucky
I can even sit back and blame it all on China.
but hey, I can buy a 40" flatscreen for $200.
oh right.. that's because we've really only moved the problem from here to other industrialized nations.
When was progress ever really made?  Last I checked, even with all the regulations, we were still warming.
There are great business opportunities with being green,
#TermLimits chuckie time for you to go
science facts?  It's a consensus, not facts. Consensus is when people decide something without facts.
That's not what consensus means. I think you've confused consensus with belief. Not saying either is bad, btw.
man made climate change is a climate scientist consensus. But for those same scientists, it is belief.
That would be true if not for all the observation, data and evidence, and analysis.
all of which is taken over a small period of time and is not necessarily indicative of man made planetary impact
True, 97% consensus does not prove causation. I wonder, though, why 60% of politicians choose to side with the 3%.
My 1st instinct  says follow the money via campaign finance. My 2nd says playing on the fear of job loss gets votes.
following the money is spot on. Climate sciences has always been about the money.
energy policy should be an all of the above policy.
climate change is junk science.
Climate change has been on 4 millions of yrs. Guess had not worked so CC. Where is global warming then cooling, now change?
Just like last 8 years by putting people out of work, slowing growth etc. Renewable energy will be part of unleashing economy
Reducing carbon footprint is not in your actions.  You are biggest spender when comes to private planes within Senate. Hypocrite
you should be writing your resignation letter, not tweeting about false ideas
Go have a drink Chucky, you're hands are trembling
You would not know a scientific fact if it hit you in the face. Ignorant about science like most of your kind.
....
....and so...Senator Schumer, these Trump people are planning to destroy  us?
Trump rolls back because his buddies are bellyaching the money isn't rolling in.
can't he be sued for committing human rights violation to our planet ?
tell that to China the worst in this crap chucky
Chuck did you know that 20% of global methane production comes from cows/cattle, what are you going to do? add a pipe?
cry me a river!
@beatlebabe49 - ExxonMobil state operations being established right now.#CommunistKKKRepublicanParty selling USA 2 oil/gas corps
The goal should be viable sources of renewable energy, not renewable energy sources that use more energy than they produce like
corn ethanol...
I agree! Stop lining the pockets of the rich by letting them off the hook for their toxic wastes! #climatechange
Climate change is nothing more than a cult religion for globalist elites to legislate on!
#totalbs
: We all want a healthy environment, however good paying jobs and a robust 4% GDP  Trump (like that play) hugging trees for now.
Obama had 8 years and billions of dollars, guess what, no change in climate, clean water, energy etc. Such hypocrites! Who were you paying?
The president shouldn't be executing the laws based on ideology, left or right. Obama had no room to talk where ideology was
concerned on immigration or other laws passed by Congress
how about investing in science so we can crack nuclear fusion, the ultimate clean energy source!
You should resign, you are no longer effective
your fired
So do something! Obviously, he does not listen to us poor little citizens!
maybe global warming is from all the hot air from the DC elite windbags
The EPA has been doing it since Dec. 2, 1970, and it's never enough.  No scientific proof of climate change other than the norms
