Too bad Dems haven't stood with the good men in blue for a long time.
That is unless they're going after illegall immigrants, then u want them 2stand down, oh & when they respond to #SethRich, stand down then 2
Save it Chuck. Everything that comes out of your mouth is BS, especially this. We'll be just fine without you.
Illegal immigrants lover over Americans! Go dig a hole, 
We all know democrats hate police and support jihadists
There is no evidence of collusion between Russia and TRUMP what lie are you going to use now joker
and you put them in more danger by harboring illegals. liar.
Does the pimp really means this? This guy makes me fucking sick
We are on something!!!
We finally agree on something!
Obama was against our laws and constitution especially our 2nd amendment he wants America defenseless
while they kill black people for no reason
Also need to remember all assets, whether ours or our allies', risking their lives undercover across the world. Not have Trump exposing them
And what have you done for them? Not a damn thing
Wow Schumer's own tweets get him shit.  That's when you know you're doing something wrong.
You are a hypocrite and should resign
And what about the asset #Trump just put at risk by giving Russia a location? No matter what country s/he is from, exposing him is BAD!
Thank God Obama is gone he could've cared less
Amen to that brother!!!
Says the man that accuses them of constant brutality.  We see through your tweets, Chuckles.  #BullSchumer
#cuckschumer
Yeah you are for illegal immigrants who are criminals. You are standing strong for killing of our police. You are playing a game with us.
I don't believe you supported the police in the last 8 yrs! Hypocrite, anything for your political career!
Might want to remind your mayor.  
PS. WH will be lit in blue for them.

Like you do??? Your a mess!!!
Blah blah blah
What about politicians? Do they really put national interests before there own greed or selflessness.Our soldiers always honorable & respect
Chuckey boy, could u please tell me how President Trump & the Russians interfered with the election.
Trump may not have revealed sources & methods but he revealed CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to our enemy. What's it going to take for R's to act?
@TruePolitico is 100% positive #Putin instructed #POTUS45 #Trump to fire #Comey before #Kislyak arrived.
Not with your catch n release program out of jails
Stop playing politics and work to fix the enormous problems left by you guys and Obama!
Hey Chuck do you read your replies?
Hipocrite
Put a muzzle on your Azzwhole Warner.  DEMOCRAPS ARE LIARS AND HYPOCRITES.
Impeach Trump! Reveals top secrets to Russians! What's next? Stop this nightmare man!
Wake up! I can't believe how gullible you people on the left are. Hillary gave uranium to Russia. Obama gave millions to Iran ! Duh
Why would Trump give a hostile nation classified US information?
Why?
Why would Hillary give uranium to Russia and Obama gave millions to Iran? Facts mean nothing to you Libs.
Funny when cops were getting murdered by the Doz. All we heard from Dems is Crickets. Now u think ur a hero... FAIL!
Trump's sharing of intelligence information received from an Ally with Russian diplomat must be addressed. He is out of control!
In your dreams. No wonder you lost. You believe everything the left feeds you.
Chuckie's going to lose AGAIN...Chuckie's going to lose AGAIN...Chuckie's going to lose AGAIN!!!  "MINORITY"....the smaller number, or part.
Just like you put illegals safety before ours?
You care more about illegals than the police. Nice try
Fake news, fake tears, fake concern, fake senator!
They should have arrested Schumer!  His voting record shows he cares nothing about first responders or any other American!
Now you support the police, you truly a hypocrite!
Hard to believe Sen Schumer backs our first responders since he never said anything when first responders were attacked or killed
Your party has created a political civil war. Please stop all of your ludicrous narratives and your immature sniveling! LOSER!!
Special interest prosecutors that got paid by the Clinton foundation is what you want to investigate the Russian delusional collusion .
Your obstructionist behavior will be at your own peril. Quit wasting our time and $$$$$$$$$. #draintheswamp
Right, like you give a crap. #draintheswamp
The only day you choose to support them. Shameful
U can thx ur friend #Obama for the negative progressive outrage of police.
There are no limits to your shameful hypocrisy.
How can you remember fallen Heroes you don't know.  You can't remember what you just about Comey a few months ago!
Hey Chuck no Govt Fbi Congressional investigation find colusion so you find a "Special investigator"to find The President guilty w/no proof?
Your a Joke . You want to push a lie that validates your imagination. Your a crook and liar. And hopefully someday our history will show it.
So phony of Schumer! Dem who puts corruption & lies above fallen heros. Prefers to encourage violent protests & denies terroism. Hater! Lies
The people you vilified for political points?
How about you remember the President admitting to obstructing justice!? Take action!
Are you talking about Obama?
@realDonaldTrump @EricTrump @IngrahamAngle @larryelder @FoxNews @CNN Chuck. Your a black lies matter guy! You hate the police! Be honest!!!
it's anti-democratic to see dems bribe population of another country with huge tax funded benefits to cross-border for votes at usa expense.
Biggest in history and you do nothing
Somehow doesn't sound sincere coming from you
ironic that Schumer/Reid became prostitutes for power after mexico toss enough illegals with help from foreign interest proxies like ACLU,
Vote for Kate's Law!
You have much in common...youve put your interest above taxpayers for decades. Hebrew home is calling you Chucky
Lol just he's name please he's to dumb to no anything else, but he knows how to steal from vendors and molesting women and he's girl Ivanka
#dumbasstrump lol
Funny, Hillary gave uranium to Russia and Obama millions to Iran. Duh! Do you even process facts? No that's right facts mean nothing to Dems
Too bad Congress doesn't work as hard to protect them! Our Congress is a bunch of cowards who make our country less safe every day!
Are you kidding me Fake Tears? You and your ilk have pitted race against race for 8 years.
-You have done NOTHING for the law enforcement community! #PoliceWeek
We all know a crime needs to be committed for a special prosecutor. You're pushing politics. Why not for IRS, Benghazi, others? #Partisans
The irony of you posting this is astonishing. You play politics with our police and citizens safety. Go ahead, block the new FBI director.
IF SCHUMER THINKS HE CAN AVOID JUDGEMENT DAY AND "NOT" PAY FOR THE SINS HE COMMITTED AGAINST AMERICA HE BETTER THINK AGAIN. GOD IS WATCHING
I've been around long enough to know god expects us to handle our future ourselves and doesn't expect us to allow stupidity b4 he judges
I never know when you're being sincere. You shovel so much bullshit it's hard to separate the two.
Please spare us your fake concern hypocrite
Remember Dallas
there needs to be a #shotbythepoliceweek
Oh now u care?
You are a Obstructionist / Democrat you hate Law and Order and the Constitution.
Teary eyes with lying mouth,  crocodile Chuck!
everyday you prove how little you Care. Help us by working on Jobs healthcare taxes immigration. Stop the obstruction
LOL!!! Democrats don't give a damn about police.  Are you joking?
Remember the senator from New York that doesnt do a dam thing 110 days getting paid also guess what his name is Chucky that's correct answer
But yet you like sanctuary city's..new FBI director will need to find what you are hiding ...YOUR FEAR IS SHOWING.. WE CAN SEE IT !
You should be with @POTUS in honor of  #PoliceWeek.
HUSSEIN OBUMMER WAS AGAINST OUR LAW ENFORCEMENT AND SO WERE THE REST OF YOU RIDICULOUS LIBERALS!
Then why are you in favor a group that wants to murder police officers? Take a clear side!
If u really gave a damn about police, u would call out BLM as a terrorist group, and stand with police.  But you don't.  #GarbagePolitics
Will you then stand up and say:
"BLUE LIVES MATTER"?
Just curious if this is just another ruse of yours
Chuckie the hypocrite!!
#ImpeachSchumer
Oh now you support the men and women of the military and the police. You must see your poll numbers in the crapper.
Thank you!
Haha nice try, but it's so obvious you don't care about policemen and their families!  Doesn't go with your absurd liberal narrative!
now say it in spanish chucky
Im saving this tweet for next time you pull an anti Police political pander act Chuckles. #BlueLivesMatter
Yes, the President is finally giving the LEO family the backing they never got from you or President Obama.
And please guys...a moment of silence for the fallen Comey! Bahaahahahaaa!

Chucky get some contacts I'm tired looking at kid glasses. You look like a big goopy maybe you can get your girlfriend Hillary to put themin
Lmao! 
Hey Chuckie! Can't wait to hear from Comey in a public setting! 
Really? So why don't you support us?
