It would help more people today realize US history is one of Legal Immigration
How about the downward spiral path of 9M Americans overseas because of a law that YOU support? #FATCA
Chuckles the clown is at it again.
Retire, Schumer!
My last name isn't Schumer
I'm glad to hear it.
Having a last name like Schumer tends to lower one's IQ by 50 points 
Well my IQ is pretty high
I'm going to the Renaissance Fair this summer dressed as a jester. Any advice on wisecracking?
Yeah, just do what I do
Please get back to D.C. R da** president + heads of military can't remember where r military ships are!Important don't u think?
They know exactly where they r. Why would they tell u or the world. Snowflakes think they should get everything free and be told everything.
Bless ur heart sweetie pie
They were LEGAL immigrants who stood in line, filled out paperwork, followed our laws, learned English & got jobs to become Americans.
Leagal immigrants, I'm all on board!
Legal immigrants, gladly sir
Lol wow left wing turrets syndrome I know I'm a : hater racist mysonginst nazi facist white man etc etc etc. If you can't be logical sorry
NY should have vetted you but it will all come out. You can no longer hide.
Key Word: LEGAL immigrants. Dems need to support @POTUS plan to build the wall. #MAGA.
Many paths to Freedom!
They were legal immigrants.
A few were sent back.
What are you doing to fight illegal immigration?
Crying!
Take note at Ellis Island they were registered, given medicals & known to the govt! Much bigger difference than crossing into CA illegally 
That's how it should be done. We should know who's here. We need to protect OUR citizens
yes,the LEGAL immigrants who went thru a lawful process of entering the USA..those people Chuckles?
Chuck Remember?
And they ALL came here LEGALLY to become Americans. Those who didn't pass screening were sent back where they came from. Good system.
Chicks put a sock in your mouth
They had different values -seeking a better life the majority coming now do not respect our values nor do they want to integrate they divide
Ellis Island the Legal entrance to the USA! You are such a hypocrite! Race Baiter!
It would be nice if you really cared! Fake concern, bad motives, deceitful. You are a dangerous person who's only concern is to harm America
Why don't you take a trip and maybe one of your immigrants will shoot you in the face
Chuck they all filed paperwork and did it legally.  Stop bringing down immigrants with law breaking people. Don't like it change the law.
We went through this in 1986, we can't keep doing it. At some point, we have to get control of our borders.
Good for them. They are Americans just like you and I. Unfortunately, you only care about those who cross the southern border illegally.
Thank you for pointing out the many  legal immigrants went thru the process to success. We need to help courts with paths to citizenship
Here's one ingredient you left out of your imagination platform Chucky https://twitter.com/trobinsonnewera/status/854668812888788994 …
Follow their paths to Ellis Island where they were vetted before being allowed into our general population? Great idea, Chuck! Who knew?
Chuckles..Chuckles..Chuckles..nice try..but..NEWSFLASH..they came over LEGALLY..obviously your silly rhetoric is for Dems only..lol
They are still law breakers!
You just want that voter base. After Voter reform you will personally escort them to the border. We see who you are!
18 U.S. Code § 2385 Criminal anarchy statutes ruled constitutional SCOTUS 1922. 1st Amendment does not apply if "public safety" is at risk.
They entered legally Chuckie.
Are they illegal aliens or Legal immigrants? Why did you take a bunch of money from one of the most dangerous muslims around?
Those immigrants were not in the era of terrorism that exist now there's a big difference mr schumer!
A YUGE difference Chuckles. Back then they immigrated legally. Over the past 8 yrs Dems allowed illegals in, in exchange 4 their votes. Sad.
How do we fire you
Build that wall!
Chuck you're playing games. The 12 million immigrants you are talking about were legal immigrants, not your illegal groupof the bloodsuckers
Yeah, but @TheDemocrats want to bypass Ellis Island and just bring them straight across the border. Legal vs Illegal, Chuckie
Except you backwards Dems think US should be just like the Middle East
They should all be getting the Ellis experience before being let into the US and learn English and the American way of life.
Chucky those were legal immagrants,assimilated! Many were also turned away. Get yours facts straight. Legal immigrants welcome-illegal not.
Chuckie. Remember that they were L E G A L. THATS THE DIFFERENCE
Sounds like LEGAL immigration to me.
12M LEGAL immigrants, some of whom were returned to their country of origin for a variety of reasons under the law. The rest assimilated.
chucky the clown
Bring back Ellis Island and immigration would be much better...those immigrants WANTED to be Americans
12M LEGAL immigrants made this country what it is today. Emphasizing Legal,Chuck.
They entered legally, right Chuck? How dare they....
When will you start standing tall and leading the Dem Party, establishing the direction it will take #growaset #youngvotersneededindemparty
Sure is a lot different than simply walking across a border isn't it?
#buildthewall #trump
Yes chucky, are you finally waking up?...get legal or be sent back home...no more illegals..no more excuses..GET LEGAL OR BE GONE!!!
Chuck Dems going to go down in history on immigration as breaking the law instead of enforcing or changing the law.
Stop breaking the law!
I'm too focused on the millions who came thru the borders not vetted under your watch.
the biggest regret i have is voting for U
I see U doing nothing 2 protect me the American voter
Learn how millions of immigrants did it LEGALLY. #noillegals
Is Ellis island open from repairs?
How dare you draw attention to this subject when you are deep in 45s pocket who despises them??!!
How is Chuck Schumer "deep in 45s pocket"? Genuine question, haven't heard this before.
We honor & respect those who come to America Legally. Illegals who bring a background of crime, mayhem, murder & lawlessness don't belong.
Do it soon! National Parks will soon be sold off to the highest bidder.
My father passed through with his mother. Coming from Italy. She was alone with her 3 year old boy. Arriving at her new home.
The only reason you care about immigrants is because you see them as potential votes Chuck you Schumer
we told you to go back to sleep chucky.
