EXCLUSIVE: @SenatorSchumer opposes TN Sen. Mark Green's appointment as Army secretary http://gaycitynews.nyc/exclusive-schumer-opposes-trump-army-secretary-pick/ … @realDonaldTrump @HRC @SDNYC 
I'm an AF vet. My 2 sons are active duty Army. This guy is hideous. We don't want him.
I don't like chuck
It's a disgrace when you speak about anything to do with the military. You were very smart young man who did excellent in school
So why is he being considered?
Losers & SERIAL LIARS
And yet for eight years you did nothing to help the middle class get real jobs. But you were globalists
Schmucky...noone...and i mean NOONE would ever want to be in a foxhole with you covering their...you would kill the military if you could
You will lose again. #clueless
Put on a uniform and serve in today's military. Then I will listen to your views on this nominee.
Your standards and "moral" judgments are wrong and immoral. You demonstrate this by continually lie and distort facts
Even to do you had a number of stitches all insurance support costs up 50 to hundred percent you guys failed miserably
But you're a silver spoon baby.  just a rich Democrat Who lives at the top of the food chain
Chuck is the best

High ranking military officials should not publicly express personal political beliefs. They represent our military, which includes LGBT.

Are you kidding me right now? Hitler despised socialism. He was a fascist. Just because meme says something doesn't make it true, sorry.
 despised socialism  sorry your evil ideology sucks and doesn't work
FASCISM is extreme  RIGHT WING. COMMUNISM is extreme RIGHT WING. He hated communists, and believed he was fighting Jewish Marxism.
You are instrumental in trying to get rid of the President
What an insult. Now Nancy who said that we must pass the ACHA  then read it, is criticizing The current bill
Can you move the work overseas the good jobs. Then you say you want to raise the minimum-wage to $15 an hour
go away
U have never served. Have no clue what cohesion in the military is. Keep ur trap shut about which u have no clue, and no experience.
Lots of chairborne wannabes think they know what's best for the armed forces.
Chuck. You will oppose anything.
Truly a reflection of you, is disturbing
Not true. Once again your out of touch with America
Sounds like you are commenting on your self  Chuck!
There is an awful lot of fragile masculinity in the GOP.
@GayCityNews @SenatorSchumer @realDonaldTrump @HRC @SDNYC Get 'email Chuck! #resist
Hey Chuckles, who does your tweeting? We know your tired, old, irrelevant ass is in bed by now after the early bird specials.
If crying Chuck can't respect our immigration laws, I don't think he can follow any laws in this country.
You know Cuck, is there ANYTHING other then negativity that comes out of ur mouth? You r the Grinch 24/7, 365!
but the candidate you supported for president calling 1/2 of Americans deplorable was ok. Your a joke!!
Thank you
Intolerant? I dont think you know what it means
You are going to lambaste anyone to the current administration. Shame on you. Obstructionist. Treasonous and as Dangerous as Kim jun Un
Chuck is Against everything that is Pro Pres. Trump yes it is that simple!
Chuck whats more important Pro America or Pro Dem party?
Anybody who's that angry about people being gay...is gay.
What are you doing about Cuomo wanting our pensions? Why are you NOT speaking out against that?
Wait, you're a Vet Chuck? You have no clue what's going on in today's service.
Boy Scouts are Vets?
Chuck is a clown and that's about all I'm sure of
I agree
That's what vlad wants. He's just following orders, makes perfect sense.
We get it. You are against any  action this administration takes. Act like an adult. Start working in good faith for Americans.
If Trump suddenly favor abortion rights, I guess crying Chuck will turn to pro life immediately , cry hard for unborn babies!
If ANYONE believes that Chucky is concerned for the "morale & cohesion of Armed Services & fabric of America" 
I have a bridge to sell you
Mr. Green seems to not like you, not that many do so he may be a perfect fit.
I think it is happening quickly.  We will make our voices heard to our reps. Keep up the resistance.
Thank you.
