Hateful? Seriously? How can @senSchumer fix the problem when GOP rules all 3 branches. If dems were in control. T would have been fixed fast
classic trumpie- call on @senSchumer to stop being hateful and then tells woman to shut up and calls her 'old bat'. You really defy logic.
Rhonda I bet Cindy is a Trump Christian, no hate there 
Couldn't some of you be spy's? Some nazis? Some of you are "christians" AND some of you are just cult followers. You don't have to be ALL. 
What the hell have you done besides obstruct?
Hahaha. Republicans are majority, they own everything, dude. Can't blame it on the Dems anymore.
By that 'logic' taxpayers shouldn't pay another dime of salaries to Democrats until they decide to work.
You mean the same "logic" used for tax payers that paid out salaries for the Repubs from 2008-2016? Please, is that all you've got?
MeThePeople ..  perfect example of a leftie; me me me me me me me me Give me Give me Give me Give me Give me me me me me me me ... get a job
I find it interesting that my having compassion for my fellow man correlates, in your view,  to the assumption that I am unemployed.
Average trump supporter too stupid to realize they voted against themselves

Yes @SenSchumer why can't you work with republicans the same way they worked and embraced President Obama? ...Oh wait 

How cute! Blaming the "Muslim" president for the ills of the world. No racism there . Wanting to "scalp" liberals, darling pleaseee! 
More of your Russian and Trump lies.
Are you stating that Trump has NOT lied? 
Its unbelievable wht DT has put ths nation thru. Lying comes easy to him & ppl have to keep tht in mind. My heart breaks for the families
 @realDonaldTrump is #Teaching a #Generation that It Is Ok Too #LieAndCheat  To Get What You Want #TheResistance
As a parent I wld not expose my child to Trump. I wld explain that he's dishonest & unfair to our nation. It wld be a lesson in Why Honesty?
Cool! We #Democrats DEPEND on no-information pinhead non-critical thinking youth who spend their lives on the dole!
Keep up the good work!
U saying its good for elementary age children to be exposed to everything this potus is abt? I Agree critical thinking is important for them
Nope !
I know not you, its King Andrews comment.
  #OK
And how many broken promises did @BarackObama have?  He had 8 years to lie to us.
Yes always looking for that twist chuck Schumer tell me American people how many jobs you brought in zero

You didn't seem to care when You and Obama blew smoke up our ass why do you care now?
HE ONLY GAVE A TAX BREAK TO HIS BUDDIES AT CARRIER! TRUMPF KNEW ALL ALONG THEY WERE GOING TO DO THIS! LIAR-IN-CHIEF!!!
Is Carrier going to give back the MILLIONS of taxpayer dollars they were given to save the jobs?
They weren't given tax payer dollars. No cash was exchanged.
#BrokenPromise = #TrumpLies

Tell us Chuck, ... how many of the 7,000 Carrier jobs did u & Hillary save in NY compared to the number of Carrier jobs Trump saved in IN?
The score ... Trump 600! Schumer 0 Instead Schumer bristled that Carrier had "turned its back on us, and we will not soon forget it."
It was all BS, like everything that comes out of Trump's mouth. Can we please just remove him from office already?
Good try, though
The #Maga peeps will insist that Trump is in fact making America Great Again,& the important aspect of that is, his repeal on all things BO
As long as Trump keeps showing hate and spite towards Obama, HRC, & opposition, they will stand by him. They love his hate for opposition...
They love his hate for fake news fake politicians on both sides don't believe the poles, he's way more popular than anyone will admit.
They love his hate for fake news & don't even realize he is faker than fake. He's the "fake politician". He is indeed popular among #cult45
You are hoping more job cuts to come.  F_   ugger.

Nice Schumer,. celebrate people getting laid off. This is why I as a registered Democrat dislike 98% of all politicians. We need term limits
Chuck you have failed! Look st your city. Very sad! http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/03/nyc-homelessness-crisis.html …  https://www.google.com/amp/amp.gothamist.com/amp/articles/create%3farticle_id=582a10bcada6e2220f4d6d39 ….
Life-long NYer and I love it! Keep up the good work and don't listen to the non-New Yorkers.
Life long Albany NYer, cant wait to retire and leave. 2 more years
Come downstate! It's great here!
Because that's where all the welfare and corporate welfare goes.
What the fk are you guys doing except obstructing American progress?
You do know, this will be Hillarys fault right? Or Obamas? Or the Dems? NEVER Trumps or the GOP. 
The real story Schumer fails to mention as well as the lying media is over 1,000 Carrier jobs were originally leaving.
We should debate that on C span like #obozo promised
#Carrier was laying people off under your god Obama.  Another piece of manure brought to you by Chucky Schumer.
If your trying to convince your sheep that we are losing jobs in America, then your a corrupt lier
Always right there with your nasty negatives. Look at jobs created since. I honestly dispise ALL Democrats now because the ALL sound alike
That is nothing to gloat about
WE WILL KEEP IN MIND HOW HAPPY YOU ARE TO SEE AN AMERICAN BUSINESS FAIL
He tried very hard WE WILL KEEP IN M
What have you done in the last 6 years? You suck at everything! You & Nancy with that stupid Waters should just stay home!
You're nutty
Please hold press conf w @SenSanders & others @Carrier.Present @DNC Infrastructure&jobs plan ASAP. Bring back hope & decency & solutions.
I'm sure you can fix it
Funny how quite .@POTUS and .@VP are regarding the 300 job loss from Carrier after ALL the peacocking they did
@SenSchumer Chucknuts! Why mislead the American people? Those layoffs were common knowledge and expected when Carrier announced. #anotherlie
When are you going to be part of the solution instead of being the Problem Get out already
A decision made during end of Obama's watch. Unemployment now at 20-year low. Eat that Chuck!
All because u Libturds work so hard against the POTUS...u r the problem not the solution the stench of the swamp is getting worse bc of u!
Please inform the people of what's happening with our institutions that are suppose to protect us.P45 vowed to dismantle.Folks will care
What have you done to help the American people? How does this help the middle class in anyway? It's obvious U don't care about us!!
FAKE NEWS as usual !!!!WE WON GET OVER IT !
Any idiot knows a president cannot control free enterprise and corporate America. That would be communism or a Democrat...
Nice job Potts!! Dare you to take credit for that!!
What did you do to help
Not that I want anyone to fail if it impacts the citizens of our great nation in a negative way, but...
#fakenews schumer. Your a total broken promise. @mfay1957
This guy dosen't give up at least trump does something what did schumer do in 30 yrs 0000000000000000000000000
What have u and your cronies done lately
If the jobs go outside of country do not buy carrier
ALL I SEE IS A TWEET WITH NO PROOF OR LINK.  #DEMSRESPONSIBLEFORNAFTA

And how many did he save?  What an ass hat. #your #lies # are #destroying #america
Damn that pesky 1 million jobs already created, too bad the career wins that workout would have just up the ante for us even more 
The only broken promises are from all the career politicians like yourself #selfserving #obstructionist #termlimits
Yea well at least the whole company didn’t leave the country! Jesus.Sometimes companies make cuts. But they r still in USA because of @POTUS
Can't you ever say anything nice?  So negative all the time.
Great @realDonaldTrump tactic. Instead of answers, ask a different question to misdirect attention. I see what you did there. @POTUS
Again. Question in reply to a question. So Trumpy.
What jobs did you ever get or save for US?
He didnt break a promise.. He can only try to influence companies to stay.  Give it a break dude..I DO NOT RECALL U GIVEN A CRAP FOR 8 YRS..
President Trump has done more in his first 6 months  for Americans and the middle class than Obama did in 8 years!
Shut up Chuck. You're useless.
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE? WHERE IS YOUR BILLS? WHO ARE YOU TO SPEAK?

Did Carrier still get $7mil tax cut after laying off these people! Why can't that money be retrieved!
You still use crying children as a debate prop
George Sores invested in Hillary to win then did a massive short sell on USA market ..oops polls were wrong cover it up
President Trump has improved lives worldwide due to strength of market . wtf have you done lately .
Due to President Trump stock market gained 5 trillion dollars in value.  100's of millions people union retirement and pension now stable
Chuck, you can't see the forest due to focusing on the trees. You're getting pretty desperate trying to mislead people. Very sad.
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy
Anybody who is paying attention can see Dems are doing everything they can to make sure Trump fails and America suffers...
Chuck you're such a slug anymore! Dang! This baloney isn't news- c'mon...
Tell the truth.  He made them keep the Indy location open.  Saving 800 jobs.  #Schumer Fraud
Everything trump touches turns to ashes
What the hell have you done to create jobs? Oh ya Nothing
@realDonaldTrump 
This is a shame DONNYBOY
America believed you had a full commitment with CARRIER
THEY ARE LAYING PEOPLE OFF W/MORE TO COME
All that means the crap Trump does n say is toxic
Trump's vocal promises aren't worth the paper they're written on.
But he knows how to make deals!!
Call Trump he can fix anything

it was already in the works.  Nothing he could do.  This is on BO
Sen. Schumer, how about using #TrumpsBrokenPromises. Every Dem. should use this, just like Reps. repeated on "Obama's failed policies."
Oh brother. Get a life.
You are a broken promise 4 our country, Sen Schumer! Take a good look @ yourself You don't do your job!! You are a public servant. #MoveOut
I told Trump & Pence they should ask that their tax break be returned. They didn't reply...
we need to create jobs, not cut them.  people should have some sense of security when they go to work.
And this surprises whom?
More fake news from schmuck Schumer. You should be indicted for treason.
at least he tries to save jobs.. not like your so call president "big ears'obama
So Shummer Bummer what do you and the Dimms do?  Nothing but complain and obstruct@POTUS. Your kind have no agenda. We are on to you all.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump YOU'RE AWFUL!  Go back to Carrier & tell them now how you were going to MAGA.  I dare you.  Lying, spineless, COWARD
Actually you must be getting old bc when Carrier announced saving jobs in US they disclaimed this round of layoff. No broken promises.
His conflicts of interests should be enough to boot his ass out!! He's only interested in lining his and cronie's pockets...wake up!!!
Report: "Ex-Trump campaign manager was millions in debt to pro-Russia interests."   The swamp is now at the White House.
Please wear your pink hat when you tweet your next lie.
You keep on it Chuck!!!
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
We knew they were laying off people, but are keeping the people they were going to move.
But as a Democrat you need to tell the voters specifically what Dems would do to fix this. Make your message speak to the voters !
do nothin chuck
only Democrats CHEER unemployment
You need to worry about Chucky Schumer #WethePeople will worry about @POTUS #PromisesKept
You seem happy that people are laid off. Go back to la la land
Chucky. What have you done for jobs. Nothing at all. You run you mouth with no ideas except run trump down. Ever try to work with him. No
at least you did all you could to try to work with him and not undermine his every move
Bernie would have been great in hindsight huh Chuck.
So sad. This folks are just regular people who were hoping for a break. Not only does he not help he lies. That is the worse. Been there 
What did you expect!
Look how far he is willing to go to "keep his promise re ACA"..they are not even willing to FIX ACA and he is DELIBERATELY SABATOGING ACA
If you Pelosi Warren Watters did more than spewed crap out of your sewer holes this country would be a better place. Ratboy.
Why don't you try working together for a change and get something done in Washington besides criticizing and working against each other.
Keep st it Chuck! The word must get out!!!
If you spent as much time helping aka working instead of mouthing off, congress might be able to get stuff done
I wonder how much of your obstructionism is to be blamed? In reality you celebrating Trump's failure and the misery inflicted to the people
The media needs to expose your disdain for the American Worker & Republican voters

Well, they didn't move and who is it standing in the way of relied from the ACA , and tax reform? Quick look in am mirror. You seem happy
I promised to keep/bring U.S. jobs back & bragged about Carrier!  Hey, why aren't we investigating HRC's emails? This is Obama's fault!
YOU SHOULD WORRY ABOUT NEW YORK JOBS WHERE PEOPLE ARE MOVING OUT IN DROVES BECAUSE OF HIGH TAXES AND AND NO JOBS UNDER OBSTRUCTIONIST DEMS
It would really be good for America if the highest ranking members of both parties stop trashing each other on this stupid forum.  ENOUGH!!!
That's exactly what I thought. More and more companies have been having big layoffs too
Not a broken promise - just simply a LIE #TrumpRussia
Ford sending production of vehicle not to Mexico, but to China. Another broken promise to keep production here. #POTUS45 failure
@FoxNews @CNNPolitics @GOP Hey Chuck, let us know when he hits BO44's total.
not a broken promise, 800 jobs were saved, sounds like layoffs are due to automation, business decisions change all the time, give it a rest
@SenSchumer work together or go home.
Don't you mean another LIE? He knew when he told them their jobs were saved because of him, that their jobs were going away.
You are ridiculous.  He can only create a business friendly climate. You and your despicable party are the obstacles.
@realDonaldTrump You are a LIAR!!
Chuck u forgot to mention he saved most of them BEFORE being President. Dem voters have been suppressed for 50 yrs there eyes are opening
Sir, it's likely the broken promise is by the CEO of Carrier more than trying to blame @POTUS. Doing so is ignorant on your part.
Pick and choose chucky baby pick and choose.
And what exactly have you done to help American workers CHUCKY
Gloating is another quality Chuckie Chaos has mastered. It's a quality that Dems learned from teachings of Saul Alinsky - SATANS disciple!
I missed your Solindra tweet. That lost BILLIONS. Stop the petty shit and start doing the business of the people. You look like a fool.
...and another #brokenrecord news byte from you, #LittleChucky
Yep you need to scream this from the roof top
Why does people losing jobs make you so happy Chuck? Why aren't you interceding for them instead of gloating? 
Do you love to gloat don't you. Do you every have anything positive to say about anything or anyone? Grow up!
And how much did trump give carrier to save jobs that they are still getting rid of? Wasted money just to fake out his cult following.
Just how does Carriers decision become Trumps fault? Lib logic again.
I assume @potus is also responsible you are low on toilet paper at home. #Rabiddogs #unbelievvable - Stop complaining at everything.
Looks like only promise u have made to voters Senator is to suck up all the air conditioning in DC w/your hot air & raise the electric bill!
Why r u not giving Carrier grief??
Trump knew they would do this. He asked them to wait 6 mos before doing this so it would look like he negotiated something great.
What had the left done for Americans in the last 6 months
You are such a liar Schmuck Schumer
Of course his followers still believe he is creating jobs
boy u seem happy about this...u do nothing to try to help the economy
Just saw new motto from DNC-Have you seen the other guys? Does this party not have something better to run on but we’re better than them?
You don't wanna talk about lies or broken promises Schumer.
#ResistSchumer
Hey everyone Chuckles here would have rather seen Carrier move to Mexico, right???
What exactly did the president promise???
Lets count the number of people laid off from 2009 until 2016. I was one of them.
He has no idea which promises can't be kept and which have to be kept. "Repeal & Replace" is one of the former.
Not his but Carriers broken promise, and just what have you done to make it better? Yeah, NOTHING!
Frankly it's time we think about voting against all incumbents
You're an Anti-American Obstructionists. Go play with your dreidel! You closet queer!
But we knew that was a bullshit promise b4 th echo of his voice faded frm th room. @realDonaldTrump is a fraud. He has always been a fraud.
Now go check the CEO's bank records for that time period? Let's see how much he was paid to delay the layoffs 
Thats ur fault mr obstruction. U libs killed by raising taxes to high
How is it a broken promise when that was part of the deal?
Hey, Chuck, list what you've accomplished to stimulate the economy!  The way you criticize others, I'm thinking maybe you helped the market
Hey 45 have not seen a tweet from you on this. When I was a Fed we had annual ethics training. Do your folks get annual unethical training?
Way to break your promise, @realDonaldTrump. One of MANY.
It was a lie from the beginning.
Funny how you don't share all the positive things he's accomplishing. You and your cronies are so disrespectful!! SHAME ON YOU. GROW UP
Block everything Chuck & imaginary programs #StartupNy. What are we paying you for? Stop snickering Chuck, it is unbecoming.
So much winning! We are tired of all the new jobs and fantastic health plans.
