Pass gun legislation so they don't have to
If you want gun legislation, why are you liking tweets that use a strawman to argue for gun makers to have special liability from lawsuits?
Because blaming people for making objects they are told is legal to make is ridiculous. Make those guns illegal to manufacture
Heroin isn't illegal, people die from perception fentanyl and morphine all the time. It's when they are hooked that they turn to the streets
heroin isn’t illegal?  what are you smoking?
Heroin is only a form of refined opium, others are opioids. That refers to a wide variety of prescription drugs, some of which are stronger
And should condemn the idiots filming everything rather than picking someone up and helping the injured from getting trampled. #VegasStrong
"We are not doing enough...and we have to change...surely we can do better than this." Barack Obama- after Newtown.
@smshow RT @SenSchumer: I commend the Las Vegas 1st responders, the SWAT team & the regular ppl who acted quickly & saved lives. Thank you.
Would you anti Trumpers stop killing people
I wouldn't say anything if I thought this was sincere But I known it's not I will use any event to forward ur own self serving agenda
Why did Russian Bits know about this so early? Why did they start spreading disinformation? Russian sanctions are due today. Stay focused.
Stop whining and pray for the victims and their families.

Who cares what you commend
Thank you for not politicizing.
#uniteblue RT @SenSchumer: I commend the Las Vegas 1st responders, the SWAT team &  regular ppl who acted quickly & saved lives. Thank you.

See @NancyPelosi even Chuck gets it. Not the time for politics!
Please explain to American people HOW Gun Control works in a Vegas Gun-Free zone with a military rifle in the hands of an ordinary man.
Where people determined to kill will simply disregard ANY laws you or the locals will pass.
Along with racism.
"Regular people"?  You are so odd!
Thank you for more white liberal Democrat murders chuck. Following in the footsteps of founder Andrew Jackson. Indian and slave murderer
It's just a matter of hours before the nuts come out demanding gun control. Oops! Too late. Take guns away and they'll use other weapons.
I'd like to commend the United States Senate for acting quickly to enact common-sense gun control. Oh wait, that never happened
Now, Senator Shumer? Is now ag good time to ban assault weapons or will Senate just have another moment of silence?
Now is not.the time for.this. and this weapon is banned.
Well, yes, BEFORE would have been a better time for this. But since we didn't NOW is all that is left to us. Ban ALL Assault weapons.
Yes, I am tired of praying for victims and their families. I am praying for Congress to get clear on this issue.
Mentally ill WHITE men who commit mass murder = Domestic TERRORISM #sensiblegunlawsNOW
@smshow RT @SenSchumer: I commend the Las Vegas 1st responders, the SWAT team & the regular ppl who acted quickly & saved lives. Thank you.
Vegas concert area: GUN FREE ZONE. Shooter: blatant disregard of the law.
So, what you gonna do, Chuck? Draw a Red Line like Obama?
Thank You Senator Schumer for recognizing people who keep us safe and protect the rule of law every day. Best statement by Democrat today:-)
PLEASE do something about this @SenSchumer   Gun control is a must. How many more innocent people have to die?

The tragedy in LV should wake up the msm & Democrats to stop the daily division, hatred, & political agendas they push daily! #TIMEtoHEAL
Thank you for focusing on what's important at this time.
@CNNPolitics @CNNTonight @NBCNightlyNews @RawStory @PalmerReport @NancySinatra "THIS" is the way 2 address a TRAGEDY..understand POTUS?
when talking, it is SIGNIFICANT to THANK those who HELPED, which is what was MISSING in TRuMp's delivery to the nation. just sucks.
Regular people? You are a piece of work.
Thank you for not dividing us during our Tragedy...
Let's fix this problem. No one needs assault rifles for any reason.
Society must detest such behavior, rather than exalt, to mold a peaceful community. God bless America, down with "anything goes" liberals.
Our hospitals are in need of BLOOD.  Please donate.
Commend them and condemn BLM and NFL.
DO SOMETHING!
@NancyPelosi @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems NOBODY NEEDS AUTOMATIC WEAPONS!
Those affected by horrible Las Vegas shooting need our words of comfort. The rest of us need politicians brave enough to stand up to NRA.
Past time to pass much better regulations on guns. "A well regulated militia....."
WE NEED GUN CONTROL ON THESE SEMI-AUTOMATIC WEAPONS!!!
.@realDonaldTrump Refuses To Call The Worst Mass Shooting In US History Domestic Terrorism maybe because is a 'white man' and NOT Muslim
I am grateful to read your classy non-political responses to this awful tragedy, senator.
How long will it take you to politicize this massacre?
Do something
A white non-Muslimdomestic terrorist/massmurderer rights is more important to our right to live freely #EnoughIsEnough #NRALogic
When are people going to demand banning Assault Weapons by civilians? Horrific shootings at concerts, ball fields, malls, schools, theaters.
"I commend"? "Thank You"?  Very cold hearted statement Chuckie.

Crying Chuck stay off Twitter do your damn job
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled don't care American families and democratic care about them self only
Let’s hear you promoting national gun control bills. Background checks and waiting periods. Incentivize smart gun locks/tech.
All these politicians just talk.  Never any action when it counts.
People listen to you. Please ban these horrible weapons.
They didn't do it when all those children were shot.  They are in bed with the lobbyist.. Vote the do nothings out
Bill of Rights is a list of natural rights, not an exclusive itemization of gov't permission. We all have the inherent right of self-defense
@SpeakerRyan do something to reduce the killing power that a single person has. Don't prevent people from having hunting & protection arms
SWAT teams save people because SWAT has guns, not because they diplomats.  Private citizens with carry permits saved hundreds of people.
This is why those kneeling protests against the police are so unfair. Most police risk death every day to protect us.
They aren't real Americans. They simply follow white liberals. The real Americans are the ones that fought for these fascist idiots
We are waiting for your next move Chuck, we know where you are going with this. First appearance on CNN will be to politicize this tragedy
yes people who do the real work for the American people.
"Regular people?"
And your stance? Depopulate jails close RIKERS
We need to have national carry permit we need to be able to protect ourselves
We want #GunControlNow
When and what will it take to get stronger gun legislation in USA? How many more need to die? 21 children die and Congress does nothing.
Look at Repubs in congress for these killings in Vegas. They get huge money for the NRA lobbyist. Dems get very little from NRA.
Gun control NOW
Don't know if my heart can take much more heartbreak...thank you to the brave first responders.   Love to Las Vegas and all those affected.
Free country or give the gov your rights
.@SenSchumer we want #GunControlNow ! Ban automatic assault  weapons nationwide. Bring it to the floor #AcceptableLevelsOfCollateralDamage
all ready banned since 1986 federal firearms act
Need common sense gun reform. Need higher vetting/background checks
Because that stopped the Bataclan shooting?
You're right. We should do nothing and keep letting NRA put republicans in their pocket to sell more guns so Americans can kill each other
This guy was using an automatic weapon which he more than likely did not obtain legally.  How would "gun reform" have prevented this?
How about stopping the hate rhetoric against #POTUS Get tax cuts passed #LasVegas 
Gonna get rid of Semi-Automatics and High Capacity Magazines now? How about now? Now? Say when.... NOW?!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is what negative propaganda gets us!
Took them 30 minutes to kill him. Nothing to commend.
I commend you for not politicizing this now. That debate will come, but this is what a leader starts with. Ty
Mental health & #Medicare for SENIORS. 

Plus NO TAX cuts for seniors mainly DIVIDEND means of survival. 

ALL TIES BACK TO MENTAL HEALTH
1. It's 50 lives lost. Don't change this to a positive news. 
2. If you had figured a way to enforce gun control, we wouldn't be here
What will be done to help protect their lives and eliminate the senseless, dangerous situations they are tasked with managing?
Yeah, can we get stricter gun control now? How many times do we have to see this song and dance? How many lives lost til we get serious?
Gun control only works on law abiding citizens! Criminals will still have them! They will smuggle them make them and steal them!
Stay away from gun control card it will mKe you look very insensitive!
Get those Gun Nuts in Congress to make changes in gun laws or more events like this will be unavoidable.This is more important than a Wall.
Law won't stop the lawless! They will steal them make them and smuggle them! Stop living in your make believe world!
I blame the people who advance cruelty and tell intentional hurtful lies which makes people angry and unconsolable.
the civilised world doesnt have these sad angry people shooting up concerts but america does. think about that
That's because America has a mental health crisis that has been unaddressed for decades.
Tragic and heartbreaking. Why anyone outside the military can access/own automatic weapons is beyond me.
Their is no law that can be written that can stop a criminal madman from getting automatic weapons bombs hand grenades..! If they want them!
The same ones Michael Bennett called racist two weeks ago?
#GunControlNow
No reason for weapons of war to be in civilians hands they are meant for WAR PERIOD!
This isn't exactly true though there are loopholes
You're late Schumer!! Should have been on this hours ago like @realDonaldTrump was!!
Amen Senator! Amen! 
