Start by cutting your salary. You haven't accomplished anything in past 8 mths except to attack @POTUS. NOTHING! I want MY tax $ back #MAGA
You fuggers.  Everything is "the sky is falling" if you're not ass raping our wallets.  You're embarrassing and can't balance a checkbook
Cuts to abortion WILL save lives, Chuck. That's a fact. Yours is a scare tactic. Liberal logic = emotionalism.
and that has to do with cutting funding to weather satellites how, exactly.....?
Follow close...weather warnings equate to preparation & saving lives. Abortion equates to intended murder.
Follow close? Gi back in your swamp
We still talking about the 5 hundredth priority. When we have the American agenda the #1 priority to work on. You have no credibility.
But it have AL GORE!
Hopefully Florida doesn't get a severe hurricane warning and Mar-A-Lago can be dragged to sea for good. Please go on...
Sorry, I don't talk to stupid, racist people.
I think you should be thinking of other things like health care Chukie and the problems with North Korea
Waste of taxpayer money.
Cut all of it
Upstate you say. Your backyard I'm guessing.

Liar
Quit supporting illegals. Quit SUPPORTING abortions, quit helping druggies, congress and up needs to get pay cut. Greed is killing America.
I sure wish you would shut up.

Fed govt used to buying whatever it wants. Sometimes don't need the best. Maybe that money is better used elsewhere. Plz work for ppl first!
you can't tell the people how great our country is doing.More jobs more money.Businesses are coming back.Record dow and stocks.Your pathetic
Want to save BILLIONS @realDonaldTrump Stop spraying poisons on the population 24/7.
#GeoEngineering #Chemtrails #ClimateChange #Agenda21 

oh hell chuck , we have fantastic weather forecasters right now and the satellites work fine , great imagery ... enough of your pork already
Here is an idea Chuckles. Let the Networks that forecast the weather pay for part of it! #cutspending
We need missile defense
Not sure what's worse....YOU LYING about this, or the number of people who blindly believe your lies.
TELL THE TRUTH CHUCKIE #AreYouAble
Use that money to build the wall
For chrisssake how else can DJT pay for his security detail for himself Melanoma and the 4 horsemen of the APOCALYPSE?
DNC priorities are really funny  do you follow horoscope literally, take a hike in the woods maybe you find Hillary following the stars
Can't let that happen. #trump isolating truth @JoyAnnReid @MSNBC FCC approving deal 2 spread pro#trump #FakeNews by purchasing local tv
So which donor is this hurting?
Seriously Chuckie. What do you know about budgets. This explains why the circus closed.
To think u have input into spending my tax dollars. #Moron This tweet should be added to the numerous examples of why we need #TermLimits .
Let's cut money to foreign countries and we can keep that what do you think Chucky
why is it necessary to try ro cut all humanitarian science expeditures? please cut millitary budget
Use the Planned Parenthood money. Just another Schumer lie to scare folks. We're on to you Chuckie.
Does this trump admin want 2 go back wards with regard 2 science & technology whilst other countries are moving forward rapidly!
Know you think American lives come second to illegals but how's that compare to the military budget so our bravest aren't using 1949 equip?
Fake weather!!
Check the money from the company that stands to profit
No one cares, Chuck. We want our tax money refunded.
Must need more money to replace all the bombs they've dropped if late.
It could also lead to a more balanced budget
So if we contine to use the same equipment, it somehow gets passive aggressive and starts issuing less accurate and less timely results?
Hack
Most would rank this issue last. We care about healthcare first.  Can you prioritize issues? Can you focus? Do you understand strategy?
I notice none of these right wing people are up in arms about the tax cuts for the wealthy which will raise the debt the most.
20 trillion buck Chuck....your zeal and excitement for spending other people's money is breathtaking
No more gov involved in giving away money. Public industry can do it without taxpayers money
You guys can't get the weather right with them now!
Cryin chuckie get your stuffed toy & go to bed. Don't worry no 1 will miss you
You weren't worried about accuracy when you passed #Obamacare.
With the technology we have now what more is needed to predict weather??? Really?
Weather pretty inaccurate already.  Also not as important as many other things.

Now that disaster cannot be staved off - the fakes on the Democratic control arm do their theatrical act on weather. No hard decisions made.
Trump doesn't believe in anything other than making money. I hope it rains everyday while he's on vacation.


Just checked my 8 ball, chance of rain with partly cloudy skies. Hmm, just saved USA millions!!!
Now your a weatherman
So out of touch Chuck!
My God, when you can't afford to live, who cares what the weather is? Somehow, we got by without the Doppler years ago.
NOAA asked for 180M. SEN approved 419M, House approved 50M will request for more info before approving the rest. Why senate give 2.5x more?
Damn Russians!
Wow, all of a sudden ur worried about "upstate"? U could bring back $151M/yr to "upstate" w/0 tax$ if you really wanted to. Delphi pensions
You already have us $20 trillion in debt and a failed healthcare. You have no clue. Vote @SenSchumer out. He is failure defined.
As for upstate NY; forget weather and do something about property taxes. We pay the highest in the USA to support your welfare voter base.
Concentrate on Repeal and Replace, tax cuts, and illegal immigration. Democrats never learn. That's why You lost and will continue to lose.
Oh Chuck, just go away. No one listens to your BS along w silly ole Nancy. Lips r moving we all know what that means.
Let's cut funding to @PPFA that should help the budget. #SanctuaryCities would be another nice cut. #thinklogical #rational #America #TRUMP
Just keep spending Chuckie don't worry you can still tax us 30 more percent and then then you'll have the whole paycheck
Ask Al Gore he can predict the weather
@POTUS @JEFFSESSIONS @4US_WORKERS STEP OUTSIDE FOR THE WEATHER CHUCK, WHILE YOUR THERE MAKE A STMT ABOUT AMERICANS TRAINING H1B REPLACEMENTS
Chucky, please point out where in the Constitution it gives the government the power to force Americans to pay for weather satellites.
Let me guess, Vicodin Nancy and meth head Maxine told you it was in there ? Come on Sen.
Is their any cuts you would support or should we just borrow and tax more?  We need to reduce the size and cost of our govt.
I say go back to Russia and see if they can give you Democrats more money
Worried about weather satellites seems ridiculous when folks healthcare insurance is escalating in cost!Keep your eye on the healthcare bill
But, Rick Perry and Ben Carson are on FEMA detail.
(That feels safe for any upcoming natural disaster ::: cough :::  )
Who cares
If there's a hole in the bucket you'll soon be out of water. Same with tax money.
Really. Lol. They're wrong 60% of the time anyway. Who really cares!! Bring it weather people!! Get on our level. #weathermansucks
Chuck, WE ARE ALL GONNA DIE ! Is that your point?
Time to switch them to a private company  Just saying
More fear mongering from "Wack-A-Mole-Chuck.  Atta boy! Don't work w/Prez Trump to make USA great again.  Work 4 ur donors & Party comrade!
Chunky is talking about "could".  But Obamacare "did" increase health insurance for most Americans, not Congress, its staff&other indigents.
Must govt be involved in everything? Its rhetorical, you're a democrat so we know the answer. Also technology doesn't reverse course over 
Is that the best you got Schumer what are you go live in Israel you're more worried about them than us
We don't have a Revenue problem We have a Spending problem
Huh? More budget cuts at 10:30? You left me hanging. Is there a thread somewhere? Tad egocentric? I've got things to do too, you know.
(1)the country is in debt.  Guess what us regular folk do when we don't have the  money for something?  We don't buy, we make cuts, we don't
Triple it! The weather man is inaccurate most of the time
Hey Chuck pack your things and go help Venezuela. We believe in capitalism not government run anything
This is absurd! The priorities of this administration are completely irresponsible!
DEFUND Planned Parenthood & save millions of lives. REPEAL the LAW of ACA, shd not force US to carry when U refuse, save TAXPAYER$ #EndHoax
please resign now and get back to work to Washington
please resign now and then I will be happy
What did Schumer achieve for next generation? Increased illegal immigration, bad economy, so national security...list goes on
Chuck.
Resign and let people come in who work for people not your power.
Well maybe that's OK...our current satellites couldn't predict the ship storm they call Trump!
Grow the hell up and work togather and no that don't mean here is what we want take it or leave it like the last 8 years!
Oooorrrrr less waste.
That money can be used for more worthy projects. Only NY would benefit what about rest of country Senator...get real
Idiots representing NY in Senate should require more accurate & timely warning labels...
People upstate can deal with it. It's the snowflakes down here driving in the snow with performance tires on their lexus' that FU commerce

Turn on your TV, Sen Schumer. North Korea (that's in ASIA. Go to Japan. Make a left) is threatening our national safety.
So? What's the government doing in the weather business?
Cut welfare and get our $ back?
Is it a true cut or a reduction in the size of the increase Chucky?
Yeah ok
You're corrupr
Satellites have nothing to do with 'warnings'... Jeez... Maybe learn something rather than spout off nonsense.

Hahahahaha you're a piece of work!!!!
Get a budget that doesn't consume all of our money. Get rid of all the waste and give us our lives back!!
look at the dam window like we did!
Oh no? Seriously? You mean weathermen won't be accurate? Whatever are we to do???
Doesn't matter Schuck, if @realDonaldTrump says it, it's gotta be genius. Liberals need jump on #TrumpTrain before it's too late
When has the weather reporter ever been accurate?  #GarbagePolitics if u put this much effort into America, as u do hatred, would be nice
Talking about $ to NOAA? Didnt need a satellite 2 change DATA re: Avg. Global temp. 15c to 14c. BTW, -80F in Antactica today !
When was the last time you gave a flying crap about upstate New York?
For every dollar we taxpayers spend on the Mueller Witch Hunt a small child dies somewhere on the planet. #EndMuellerNow
I guess you don't understand a budget.
Shut up
If he added money to the satellites you'd be saying how they are bad etc
Let's face it Trump's budget must NEVER, see the light of day. DOA.
stop paying Musk for Tesla cars (over 5 billion) and we'd have enough to pay for it,stop crony capitalism
we're broke we can't afford them now,we all want things we can't afford don't we?
Really? Weather satellites? There must be a reason someone thought this line item wasn't required... Hey look, there's a Russian. Do ur job!
New York wants it, New York should pay for it. $20T in federal debt! Because of mouchers like you!
We need to work on budget ...even if great programs may need to cut or let programs go public 
No forethought, now and ME!!! TRULY, how can you leave next generation more vulnerable than we are now? What am I missing, please explain.
Why are yo against so much, what are you actually for.
How dare you have anything to do with brave men. Draft dodger
Better stop disregarding federal laws then
AND PEOPLE WILL DIE!!!!!!!!!
just what we need as we pull out of Paris Agreement. NOT
Chuckie You have your own personal agenda to vote no on everything, never mind the American people. Your just Talk
Chucky, Chucky, Chucky....Your Clown shoes are ready for pick-up!
Fight it!
Because weather forecasting has ever really been accurate? Money is better suited paying down debt.
Worried abt Americans getting jobs let weather channel do job and u do yours now !
Let Al "the flim-fam man" Gore cover the cost with his carbon tax
Just spend spend spend!

so how to much of a kickback would you get that has you pushing for 369 million for weather "satellites"? Trying working with the PREZ!
Stop your nonsense and help the American people out! You think because Trump is President you get a 4 year pass? Get off your lazy _ss !!
This will save us millions! And save lives
They have special equipment now that they can't predict the weather. Well be a waste of money just like the Democrats  bridge to nowhere!
Because who needs to know that a tornado may drop out the sky at this exact moment or time or location? Urs truly~tornado alley resident
Not true,and stop hindering the POTUS at everything he does your like a spoiled baby
About time, save the AMERICAN taxpayers!
we have the best satellites for the http://weather.You  don't care about the weather unless there's money involved.Your a fraud &phony
Here you go again with 'cuts'. Reduced spending does NOT = cuts Chuck! Amer ppl have to tighten belt, time for gov't to also!
EVERYTHING cant be funded fully Chuck. Time to run leaner&meaner. Slowed spending(ur cuts) is need to bring budget under control
ARE YOU KIDDING ME!? Who CARES about weather satellites when we are in DEBT! Stop WASTING my tax dollars!
If you don't live within a budget you have to cut something you should have thought about that while spending useless billions over bud
Gotta find money somewhere for those tax cuts the repubs have promised !
And the deficit? How's it doing? Oh yeah, you don't care!
Extreme efforts by @realDonaldTrump & @GOP 2 kill the poor people! Trump uses the poor 4 what benefits himself & klans. He feeds the rich-
Schmuck! What part of
"We're a Debtor Nation" are you failing 2 comprehend?
#Dems have sold our grandkids 2China

http://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/debtor_nation.asp …
Do be ridiculous & so irresponsible with TAXPAYERS $$$!
BS. Trying to spread more fear
Somebody had to be an adult and make cuts. You career politicians don't have a clue how to be fiscally conservative. Term limits now.
Weather people suck now.. what's the problem?
This is why Democrats will continue to lose in 2018. Your priorities are in the clouds.
I don't even need to look to know your "cut" is less an increase than you want as you push your fearmongering
So let's find the lobby group funding  that is set to lose money here. Politicians aren't about us, they're about themselves and donors. 
That's a lot more than a subscription to The Weather Channel.
Like the forecasts are ever accurate. Have you ever held a real job? Always sucking off the govt teat. #Useless #PovertyPimp
Hey Up Chuck!
That's Chuck for ya, spend like a drunken sailor... He doesn't care how he spends OUR money. 10 trillion added to national debt with Obama
No sense in cutting any spending right chuckie
Now Chuckie's a Meteorologist .Cb a new career once his constituents realize how lame he is.for the time being  try passing some legisl.
You could borrow that from the 528mil budget for planned parenthood. Like obama took from Freddie & Fannie Mae to pay for obamacare
You are NOT in charge of the weather
U BOOBS HAVE BILLIONS OF DOLLARS WORTH OF WEATHER EQUIPMENT & CANT LOOK OUT A  WINDOW & GIVE AN ACCURATE WEATHER 4CAST.......DOUBLE THE CUT
If they can predict global warming and our demise I'm pretty sure we can predict weather  but if not we won't be around according to Libs?!
Is there a valid reason that you are a part of my government because i sure as hell havent seen it
