Mr.Schumer, hypocricy from GOP is profound.I honestly question the maj. leaders commitment to ALL Americans. It is clear he advocates-cont.
The hypocrisy on the "left" is absurd too. Soon as Trump fired those missiles, Schumer & Pelosi (and other Corporate Dems) praised him.
That's fine they supported attack,nothing hypocritical there.My reply to Schumer strictly w/ regard to "nuclear" option & McConnell /GOP.
What about their Anti-Trump #resistance mantra?! Soon as he went to war he became their president! Isn't that hypocrisy?!
Not because of this one incident. They supported attack, doesn't mean they now think he's a president, they agree w/ him on this, I do not.
It's still a bit odd though because they've been so "anti-Trump." Yet they agree with him on war. They confuse me lol
Agree w/ attack or not ,why are we (U.S.) alone in this  response, where's NATO?,GB,France,Germany etc .If military, coalition is needed.
Excellent point. Also, why is it OK to bomb Syria but ban refugees from there?! Absurdity everywhere!
for GOP in a clear power struggle to dominate GOP agenda.If you folks can't work together,trump&admin. will be/has been least of our worries
Nope, no way McConnell. You obstructed us, and now you get the resistance. Obstruct everything republican.
Not so FAST CHUCK, based on the BIDEN RULE, that was followed, no one has FORGOTTEN, and playing the GAME U ALL DO THE "RULES" HAVE CHANGED
There is no such thing as a "Biden rule." That is all gop bs. Get your grade school level bluster out of here.
I hate calling it that...but Joey did say it..like it or NOT
Hmmmm.  Treason...like paying get Iranians, treating Bergdahl like a hero, lying about benghazi..on and on
Well, the Majority Leader is #SOL We don't forget, we don't quit, we don't stop fighting, we just keep moving #ForwardTogether #gopFAIL
Yes we do, and yes we will...!!! 
And every time you hear the name Gorsuch over the next 30 years, your IBS will flare up Binky. Enjoy!
We will not forget on Election Day!!!
Ok Chuck, as bad as this is, i think we have a more pressing issue with 45 & his admins illegal activity & u should b working on impeachment
Another election is less than 2 yrs away & ppl r more involved than ever. GOP will lose many seats bc of their actions & support of 45!
GOP need 2 understand that ppl r angry @ them & will not forget or forgive.  Dems that vote w/GOP will b primaried & replaced.
GOP support destroying gov, ACA, Medicaid, Medicare, environment, & have no prob violating constitution! They gave us traitor trump!
NEVER AGAIN! Ppl r sick of GOP hypocrisy & will vote them out. We need every Dem in office 2 stand strong against regressive GOP! #Impeach45
Sen Skeemer do you not remember your own words about filibusters and Biden rule about last year of a Lame Duck POTUS & Supreme CRT Nominaton
Boo Hoo Chuckie ! Grow up
No he didn't.  You just aren't smart enough to figure it out.
I would say most people don't care about garland
oh yeah now that they are in power we should forget all the fighting and bad behavior over the past 8 years.
Stop smoking the pipe Chuck
we will never forget that and never forget the nuclear option
I think he is asking you to get over it.... you lost... you wasted time.... fight battles you can win.
Dems needed the seat. They were assured Hillary would be filling the vacancy as POTUS.
All you had to do was win election. SCOTUS a key topic. You lost.
Obama was the weakest president. He was all talk and no action. Putin was happy because of his weakness
I thought both parties in last year could not pick scj.if this is true what is wrong with the democratic party. Quit whining move on
KY needs to wake up and stop electing this clown who is hell bound on destroying America!
Yes! He sold out the country!
Y is it he sold out country but its ok Harry Reid to do same on 10 lower court nominees in 2013? Those nominees stacked the circuit courts
1) I don't believe two wrongs make a right. 2) this is a SCJUS 3) what McConnell has don't to betray the country goes far beyond Garland!
The GOP may have short memories, but WE DON"T!!  They refused to cooperate with Pres Obama on everything (McC bragged about it) #RESISTANCE
He followed your advice... Or did you forget?
Rather, if Dems completely capitulate to the will and wants of a fascist, corrupt GOP. He knows what to do with the horse he rode in on.
Waaaaahhhh!!!
Neither party is squeaky clean. Start working together for your Americans
Chuck. You have become so sad and petty. What happened to that good hearted young msn who represented Kings Highway. Please remember
We will remember when we vote Democratic 2018, 2020
Turtle head is such a lying sack of shit. Republicans didn't nothing else than obstruct Obama for years.
Thank God
So now you stomp your collective feet and look like fools. No Garland, no HRC. Deal with it.  Elections have consequences. Remember?
The GOP did what Joe Biden suggested.  Are you suffering DEMenria, or is it just sleezey politics.#hypocrite
If I had my way the reps would give you 1 chance to vote on all bills & appointees & then use nuclear option. Wouldn't waste time with you
You did it to yourself Chuck! You and Hill lost all on your own!
McConnell believes in an autocratic style of government. It's either his way or no way!
Get over Judge Garland!
Shame on you on Gorsich and your continual obstruction.  U Lise credibility when all is bad and no
Reaping what you sowed. @SenateMajLdr
Charlie & #Democrats should have given up this past #History & voted in the affirmative but they are far too wedded to pro-#abort #ideology
You know your full of crap Obama was a lame duck Pres in his final days of term. If democrats owned the spot then Garland would have it now!
Give me a break!
McConnell needs to take responsibility for obstructing Obama for 8 years. Stealing the seat was just icing on the cake for them
could have got a lot more positive things done if Republicans worked with Obama
@westgal51 on his adenda. While they hurt american people 4 $$$. Step off no  power
Dems didn't include SCOTUS. McCuntal is a hateful spiteful hack. Party and power over country..... again
Most white leardership has ruin america.
bottom line Senator Schumer is your party was out maneuvered. Whine cry complain all u want but at the end of the day you were outsmarted
Time to grow up and start acting like adults no more arguing united we stand divided we fall you guys need to get it together
Any reasonable American would say work together. United we stand divided we fall. It's time to act like adults.
No, @SenateMajLdr wants to put this behind us and move on together. You are asking us to maintain a pusillanimous outlook and never forget!
But but, Hillary was supposed to win. Wasn't she? 
Does the name Bork mean anything to you, Senator Schumer?
Majority Leader vowed to frustrate Obama initiatives to ensure Obama was one term President . What a hater he is
I am usually supportive but forcing nuclear option now was ill-conceived & leaves us with zero ammo for the inevitable next SCOTUS fight.
Still crying. @SenateMajLdr out foxed you again. #lunaticleft
TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS
Vote these idiot Dems out in 2018.  23 seats up for re-election, go Republican and unite our country. America First!
When you are the victim of your own shenanigans, don't scream foul.  Americans R watching & listening more than anytime previous.  We know!
Judge Garland was not considered because Joe Biden set a precedence.  No outgoing admin should name justice.  Reed set up nuclear option.
What a joke. Absolute power corrupts absolutely and McConnel is corrupted. We need a balance of powers and if that requires obstruction!
The whole world can see that we have a corrupted government under the relentless onslaught of democracy by Sen. McConnell & GOPs
Biden rule.... your assertion is false. 
NEXT?
@SenMcConnell is delusional. He's a sick, tired man who laughs at the discomfort of others and whenever he is questioned. He is not American
Judge day is coming Mitch. For every ride on the crest of joy, there is always an equal and opposite time spent in the trough of despair.
Stop pandering to the left. That party is lost
Your job is to make @SenateMajLdr pay for this crime against democracy. Slow all Senate business to a crawl. Stop what can be stopped
@SenateMajLdr McConnel should resign he still can't get over that we had a black President he and the GOP must move on end WH CONFLICTS
@SenateMajLdr broke it he bought it. Give him nothing
It's time for both sides to stop playing the tit for tat game and work honestly for the American ppl. WE PAY YOUR SALARIES!
McConnell is a demented old fool
Will you stop! U all played a game and lost! Move on!
The only way to forget the GOP is to vote them out. It's up to Kentucky to put out the @SenateMajLdr garbage! I'm not optimistic!
Senator you are the Republicans secret weapon.
R's stole this SC seat & D's made sure R's will pay the price in the future
Your comment is as relevant as you
I will never forget what he did
Didn't you say with 8 months left Bush shouldn't be able to someone to the Supreme CourtThe lying Democrats. Was Dem now GOP 2018 Chucky
so chuck the best you can do is get even! can you even understand bipartisanship? can't you see the opportunity you have to lead us there?
MITCH MCCONNELL CANNOT HAVE IT BOTH WAYS.  HE IS THE POISON IN THE WELL OF AMERICAN GOVERNMENT AND HE MUST BE REMEDIATED OUT.
The GOP owns this entire situation.
No one cares about Judge Garland.
Wake up.
Incredible. This, from the party of obstruction during the Obama presidency. Hypocrites.
Hahaha republicans win.
Mcconnell's hypocrisy appears never ending. His refusal to make public the Russian intel makes him complicit to election crimes. #Traitor
@SenateMajLdr your actions are crooked. History will remember you as a traitor. #lockhimup #investigation #collusion #RICO
You can thank Uncle Joe for that one.
stop being bought off by extreme lft wing billionaires! Serve the American people Chuck! You've never tried.
Its disturbing Mitch McConnell REFUSED to work w PresObama on ANYTHING & now is suggesting the fallout is someone else's fault.He's gotta go
I can't believe he would ever "work together". He is at the top of the corrupt republicans list.
McConnell is evil and the people of KY need to open their eyes.  He needs to go before he destroys our democracy completely.
McConnell is the biggest POS liar in Washington. Worse then even Trump & Ryan. We need to vote them out!
You forget what you said about a nomination in the last year of a presidency?  Biden rule?  You are extremely hypocritical.
This should be trending #mitchisfullofshit
Liberal crybaby, retire
This coming from McConnell is the height of hypocrisy.
WE WILL NOT GO QUIETLY! WE WILL NOT BE SILENCED. #TheResistance is real, and Now.
Hypocrisy from the Dems are profound. I question your concern for ALL Americans. You lost the election. Go Trump!
tell the truth chucky you only want it when it benefits you rules are make for both sides you change law for you
Now that is fucking funny.
And Dems want GOP to forget that Obama stacked lower Federal Courts when Reid started the nuclear option.  Don't forget Chuckie.
The resistance is not blind. @GOP wishes it were.
The Democrats r the currpted ones.spying on America
@michele5411 @washingtonpost Violates two hundred years of law and order says he's willing to keep office open if she had one ??
CHUCKIE BOY.  remember what you said a few years back.? We know your getting old and forgetful, BUT?
MOVE ON CHUCKIE BOY, You started the BS. LIVE WITH IT OR GO HOME.
Doesn't matter, they did the right thing, had to teach you a lesson, there will be many more if you continue.
Biden rule chuck. But you are not going to work on anything with them anyway. Take your ball and go home.
Give it up Clown u lost, start acting like a senator and work with GOP to get bipartisan legislation passed to make America great again
Chuckles, do you remember the speech when Bush was President and you said we should not confirm ANY Bush nominated Supreme Court nominee?
You are leader, it is your job to help find the middle ground. We won't be silent when you put party before country anymore.  #compromise
I just can't get over what a fool you are. Why you are paid to obstruct and waist time is beyond me...
But most of us have NOT forgotten what your President did to the World.
Pitiful dems. Crybaby
Pathological Liar, Susan Rice needs to be impaneled and questioned under oath?
The minority leader who once supported Gorsuch let politics cloud judgement in SCOTUS vote.
McConnell's hypocrisy and lack of morals is without equaled only by Trump. They don't care if they break America and we need to #resist!
Get rid of Chuck Schumer and NANCY and you could probably work together.  We the people speak.
@cgshort @GOP @SenateMajLdr Want us to forget GOP mtg day Obama 1st took office, vow 2obstruct him on everything, NOT FORGOTTEN
You got what you demanded. Remember? No last year appointment to the Supreme Court. You're a hypocrite.
@SenSchumer if anyone did anything to judge Garland it was Obama for putting him up in an election year! You can't deny the tradition!
I wont forget what McConnell and Republican party did to President Obama either. For 8 years! Work together means capitulate.
The Bidden Rule
Ask the Majority Leader to propose something serious that you can work together on -- WITH checks to make sure they live up to commitments.
Ds have lost everything. 20+ years of R rule. Your complaints are music to the ear. And avail you of nothing. #madamepresident
We won't forget
The vain complaints of the vanquished.
You'll always be the little congressman from Brooklyn. You are incapable of statesmanship. And now, a bold-faced liar too.
Blah blah blah
@mitchmcconnell_ is a joke
garland was a waste of time. YOU LOST. WE WON. Run along. You're of no use. We don't need you.
You need to grow up and listen to Ameican's.
I think to ask for unifying is productive but GOP made obstructionism what it is today  illustrated by #Garland.
I just donated to the DSCC so McConnell can become the minority leader in 2018. I channeled my anger. Beats punching the wall.
McConnell can fuck himself. Gorsuch will wind up Impeached. By nuclear option if necessary. Live by the sword, die by the sword
McConnell needs to get out of Congress
Biden Rule chucky
Get over it
Still bitter over LOSING!!
Amazing the force of STUBBORNNESS...
your resistance benefits me
We don't not want to work these traitors of of Constitution. Investigate @SenMajLeader 's wife.
You didn't say that when Obama was President, so don't say it now.

Let Mitch McConnell know that we will not be voting for him in any upcoming elections! The "Nuclear Option" was not Democracy!
We will not forget that Gorsuch got into the Supreme Court in a Non-Democratic way! Democracy failed on this Supreme Court Judge!!!!
Hard to see what was non-Democratic about it
Really? The Nuclear Option that the Republicans did in order to get Gorsuch on the Supreme Court was not Democracy at it's best! Democracy F
You're changing your argument. 1st you said it's non-democratic. Now you're saying it not democracy at its best. Which is it?
GFY
There's no reason why every D but 2 to oppose Gorsuch. You wanted a liberal that you could count on pushing your agenda. You're a cancer!
McConnell never tried to work with President Obama all he did was nothing.  Agreed to disagree. Now he wants 2 work together  don't think so
Keep your pecker up Schumer, democrats are the left.democrats r the resistance I'm sure many are still with her 
Are u with us? #resist
now that their done being a-holes, let's get along!
To my grave I will tell people how HE subverted the will and intent of the founding fathers!
Sen. Mitch McConnell's actions on Judge Garland were despicable and classless.  Like he should lecture to the Democrats on their actions?
McConnell is the worst! He is a very horrible person! So partisan, unAmerican & unpatriotic!
@boandsunny now what do we do about this?
US aircraft carrier-led strike group heading toward Korean Peninsula as a show of force, US defense officials say. http://cnn.it/2odc2JA 
Fundraising?
he's using his missile strike for a fundraiser. 
Mitch McConnell is laying sack of shit!! To accuse us of not wanting to work together is about all I can stand from that chinless bastard!!
Dems did the right thing. What McConnell in denying Garland a hearing was frankly unAmerican.
McConnell is a has been and time for him to go and you got the man in you will have to deal with impartiality inconsistency, racist rulings
Schumer...the GOP has more morality that obama, the Clintons, Pelosi and you all together, so continue filibustering and we continue nuclear
Sorry Chuck but McConnell has eaten your lunch.
