We’ve even asked to vote on legislation to stabilize markets & help American ppl. @SenateGOP won't give bills the time of day.
Their day is coming. If they pass the bill they are out of office. America has had enough trauma out of Washington. Do something about Trump
I am tweeting with a Marine in Afghanistan. He said his guys know what's what with Trump.
Our soldiers will never follow Donald Trump. There is a 500,000 person vet group that hates him here on twitter.
MITCH MCCONNELL is a TRUMP TOADIE. Rich wife @SecElaineChao is in Trump Cabinet. MCCONNELL planned repeal plan with 13 @GOP OLD MEN. #secret
They will get it done without without your help. Its going to get repealed and not a damn thing you can do. Get those Fake tears ready!
Hahahaha! Will do! You can go to bed now:)
Lol fake news. Ask again Demo incited violence against a senator shot him Demo will hurt anyone who has different opinions than theirs
Have you tried sending them an email saying that you're a high-level Kremlin-backed lawyer and that Putin wants healthcare to be bipartisan?
and have "clinton emails" in the subject line.  OINK!
Senate Democrats can present a Medicare expansion plan for all Americans which will give Republicans the "repeal" they need to save face!
Here's a pill to swallow, America said 'no more perfume on a pig'.
It’s “lipstick on a pig.” You might want to go back and review the American idioms list that you were provided when you started this fake account.

You are too old to function chucky - your poor brain needs some help
Well if you would walk away from saying that health care was a right.
Do it publicly so that America can see exactly what you are offering.
They can't because they are liars
If the bill was a good one why does it need fixed?why did u pass a bad bill in the first place?That was very helpful, look mess
Breaking: Schumer more worthless then a close pin holding our flag during a hurricane. The man has no influence, nor care for his own voters
Zero?
Dems lost the Congress! U don't get to dictate the terms. U need to go work with them. That is how politics works.
Repealing would improve it
Let's just get rid of health care altogether. Fuck it.  Just like we did in the 1930's
because he cares for Americans and you don't you just look for ways to make you rich resign now chucky
REPEAL..DON'T WANT GOV CARE. LIKE LONDON
He'll only work with you if he has absolutely no other choice. He'd rather upend the entire healthcare marketplace.
Obamacare sure works well; doesn't it.  Instead or you claimed 22M it will be 122M if Ocare continues.
Chucky do I sense a losing posture coming from your voice. OMG you have finally realized ACA is dead you poor thing
We can't count on you to do anything for anyone ... retire career terrible politician
What is sad they don't care about the American people Only their party & Ego's.They haven't listened to 1 word we have said about it.
Please keep it up! Keep fighting for us.
When it all falls apart it will be the fault of the Democrats
The lies will only work for a little while there's no substance behind what you say
It doesn't work
Mr. Schumer time to try it their way dontcha think?
You just want Obamas tag on it as though the whole idea was his
Mr Schumer. I have asked you for months to help and all you do is talk. I hope Reps pass this without you and your party. Dems lie about all
I say let it die on it's own and then EVERYONE will blame the http://DEMS.GOP  is doing Americans a favor.
Again, Dems are assuming GOP cares about health care or the American people. They seems to preoccupied with their own power and wealth.
.  Gotta tell people that ACA is not failing. Again say it.
.  Yes yes publicly so people know!
.   Again you have got to let the people know so they can react. Why keep things quiet?
Because you all sound like chickens with your heads cut off.  When it matters no one can hear you.  Way to go
You can't improve that POS chuckle! Face it. It's dead and gone.
Because we want it repealed!!
Probably about the same number of times GOP asked about Obamacare
Like never why would they u apparently don't know the first thing about healthcare or Obamacare would not be the law now
Trump needs to let Obamacare just plain die!!!  You Democrats should wait and see what is in the Trumpcare.
What year was that? 2013?,2014?,2015?,2016? Did you ever approach President Obama to address our concerns over the rising costs of ACA? No!
please fight hard against ACA repeal.  Modify? OK  in 35 years of Hospital work I have seen much suffering & death.  Why go backwards?
It's kinda to late now isn't it? Being a business man I am well aware of showing up at the end of a job and wanting praise for it! Too late
Where were you this whole time? Oh that's right, you were protesting, resisting and talking smack. YOUR FIRED
How you get a liberal to shut up....ask them to explain their views! RESIST LOL
No deal without repeal.
That is the problem. Dems MUST ACT. DO MORE than just "ask" to stop trump runaway train of disaster
Why should he? Why didn't you turds fix it from the onset?
Dems have to GET LOUD & VISIBLE EVERYWHERE! Now is NOT the Time to Play by the old rules!We must CRUSH this MONSTROSITY & KILL THE BILL NOW!

We can't count the # of time you obstruct and continue to do so, approve the rest of appointees now!
thats what its all about "your" plan being fixed even though it has imploded! we pay you ALL to work together for American's not your ego!
It's comical. Almost like you never heard of Harry Reid.
I dont believe you! Lying, Crying Chuck!
Well maybe if u keep Bernie out of the mix and make ur own decisions u will get further #Bernie needs to go
Keep up the fight. No repeal.
Joke!! No ones listening to your nonsense! Stop screwing entire USA! U & pelosi go away.u & lib media-We know what u are! Deplorable!!!!
Socialist Dem's & RINO's Lie, there is no cooperation! Repeal! Issue Facts on Medical death and hardship. Begin with the Bush's admin.
YOU HAVE FAILED TO NEGOTIATE FOR THE PEOPLE.  YOU JUST A CONMAN !
McConnell is the definition of obstruction. He represents lobbyists not constituents. Greed is a mortal sin Mitch.

Repeal!
Mr.Leader can't hear to well with his ears buried in his shell.
So why didn't you Dems "improve" OCare when you were the majority??  Hypocrite!!
Stop and provide a better option
Time to repeal and give the middle class relief.  You know, those people you don't care about.
Stop Asking. Start Demanding! The people have your back! Don't underestimate the power of our voices.
Keep going, @SenSchumer. Someone needs to work FOR THE PEOPLE and clearly, the @GOP isn't up to the task.
Speak the truth! U will be fired soon old bat!
You cant count because you never asked..always demanded like your in charge...now youre in charge of.mopping the mens room Schmucky..
#MAGA
Lol... You're trying to paint it as if the democrats  wanted to work with the Republicans when infact had faught hard to destroy America.
So stop asking and start your own movement: #SinglePayer
After all the lies & the disastrous NObamacare law, Cryin' Chuck & the Dems have #zerocredibility when it comes to Healthcare.
As progressives we can't even count the number of times we have told you the ACA is an immoral alternative to #SinglePayer.
@SenMajLdr Is The 2nd Biggest Problem In This Country Just Slightly Behind #Russia
Go on a tv campaign.  Not enough exposure on twitter. And bring details of your ideas. It will get more people out to fight! Thank you sir.
Didn't know you could count. You lost the election so you have no right to set prerequisites to negotiations. Loser.
Blah blah blah
Please answer for the record why the citizens should not have HC without the gvt meddling in our private lives? #FullRepeal of Title 1
Then DON'T, Sen. Schumer. Being a constant Goody Two-Shoes to McConnell only lowers your integrity and makes you a fool. Let him Eat Cake!
We know. The swamp wants to control healthcare. Bad idea for Americans
typical liberal socialist scam offered 4 political purposes. Trusting Schumer is like using a dirty needle. It will eventually destroy you
Please, sir, let's have #CongressCare for all Americans! Use the tax cuts for the rich to pay for it! Thank you! Both houses will win!
Have you stroked out and died yet?!! Hurry up and give a conservative Rep his seat back!!!!
You created it
The only answer is Universal. Single Payer. Even Warren Buffett is saying it.
Anything less then repeal of obummer care is a non starter. Repeal then improve a capitalist system with no govt intrusions or handouts
He (@SenMajLdr ) left his American values in his other piggy bank!
Chuck, keep message laser focused.  We are counting on you.
Frankly Chuck, y'all seem far more interested in Obama legacy than helping  America irregardless of party, you were elected to serve us all.
Do need the Democrats to fix the problem they created in the first place, let it fail, then don't need to replace.
Repeal Odumbocare or let it die, then they won't need to replace it, then the democrats will have nothing, don't fix it.
Sen. Schumer, then it's time to get a clue. Sorry to be the messenger, but you, of all ppl should know. Let the GOP soil themselves. Thanks.
Not too mention zero committee hearings, panels or any sort of public imput. McConnell whined about obstructism today. From who?
Well Senator Schumer the GOP needs a very painful lesson now. They must work with you and impeach Trump and Pence at the same time.
Didnt have away to pay for it which is why its got until mid August until its dead these are facts from the court records your a lier
We know this- unfortunatelyGOP is more organized in their false messaging.  Dems need new leadership at DNC level
Thats your problem there is no fix smart ppl have read The House of Representatives Vs Price we know it unconstitutional and we know you
Oh I'm sure your hands are clean on this mess.
You passed ACA without any input from Republicans, ramming it through around midnight, without a single R vote. You own it and its failure.
You had 6 years to fix #Obamacare , why now?
new plan.  If u can find a way to calm your ass down
oh...it's gonna be repealed chucky.   And it's time u accepted that fact. U can maybe help out w/ the
That's what should be done.
All the GOP wants is a bill passed a Yes...for a corrupt Pres. Are the GOP members all signed up for their Russian lessons? Shameful!
Ask him everyday until the Turtle comes out if his,shell. Given this lolitical climate, strike while iron is hot! Trump admin crumbling fast
Open your eyes. It's getting stronger.
shame on Mitch McConnell!!
Who is"we"can't you count ?I can't afford healthcare because of you idiots I lost it had to repurchase it now can't afford it thanks idiots
Pls keep up the pressure @SenSchumer - focus on healthcare until this bill is truly defeated. Then we fix ACA, fund it - it/us will thrive
the only way to fix is repeal and sorry but drop the 26 year old married people
And crying Chuck you can ask all you want .. Repeal and Replace.... Who wants a health care named after a terrorist.. Hussain Obamacare?
@SenSchumer you are a Obstructionist using @SenateDems "sabotaging the @POTUS Presidency"
You should be in jail for treason.
They're just a bunch of opportunists. #countryFIRST
Chuck, I don't remember #HarryReid working with Republicans?  How come not even ONE Republican voted for Obamacare?
WHY CAN'T DEMS AND GOP WORK TOGETHER ;ON EITHER FIXING THE ACA ;OR WORKING TOGETHER! ON A COMPREHENSIVE GREAT BILL WHICH WORKS!
REPEAL THIS DAMN THING. you guys couldn't close a paper bag much less create health care/ insurance or whatever you want to call it bill.
Maybe if you worked with Republicans 8 years ago... just saying, Karma!
the reason the GOP owns House Senate & President is because the ppl don't want your input. You failed.
Republicans are all about political party and screw the country. #dangerouscult
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Mr.Schumer!!!
Yes, this is important & thank you for fighting for it. But what are you, dems & principled GOP going to do to get this rus mafia out of WH?
Paper ballots w/ teams watching the manual count, if need be! Get this miserable party of corruption & destruction out! #unhackthevote
Repeal & replace the failed system.
Well, Paul Ryan have publicly said that, he won't work with Pelosi or you or any Democrat. #disgraceful
"Work with us" = "Do it our f***ing way" in Dem speak.
Dems see bipartisanship as a one-way street
And chuckles #WeThePeople know you do nothing AND need to go home 

Enough of YOUR fake tears and sob stories
Shut up! He's an honorable man, who will help the people unlike the POS!
Senates Dems have been asked to participate but you refuse unless its on your terms only. Dems created this mess Obamacare! Why keep it?
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Mr.Schumer!!  Confirm @realDonaldTrump appointments now!! Stop OBSTRUCTING the political process!!
They just deflect, project, and blame.  SAD
Well, you need to get the word out. Take off the Cloak of Invisibility.
ya'll better be thugs about it. We want #siglepayer end of story or I will die
Chuck, you are not dealing with a legitimate political opposition. The GOP has reinvented itself as a gang of seditious traitors.

You screwed it up and think he will ask for your help?  You oppose and obstruct every single thing. Now you want us to believe in you. BS
We don't believe McConnell, and his "obstruction" stance. Keep up the good work Senator!

Respectfully, there is something really wrong with @SenateMajLdr.
They are traitors it will come out
2018 is coming.
In all fairness, if you could count you wouldn't have passed #Obamacare to begin with.

We can't even count the times that the Democrats have screwed the country
Reps are too blinded their hatred of the ACA's accomplishments & want to destroy its legacy
Please keep fighting this awful bill!
Yes, after that. Get big gov out of my health insurance. It's unconstitutional
#shutupchuck
Typical one-way street. GOP is supposed to work with you but not vice versa.
"If we talk about healthcare they won't talk about Russia!" 
We see you, @GOP
wow... you cant count to 3... ouch
Mitch needs the ACA for re-election.  He's an ally of yours!
Not gonna happen in this climate, sadly.
Wall Street 'Whistleblower' Analyst Exposes Clinton Foundation As "Charity Fraud"
