Sessions "amazed" judge on "an island in the Pacific" blocked Trump travel ban http://bit.ly/2pWJD8Z  
Jeff Sessions as AG is wrong. Treason and perjury should have disqualified him from the position. #TrumpRussia and #TheResistance   will fix
You don't give a rats ass abt one committing treason, if u did u would have had much to 2 abt OBama &HRC! And perjury? Yes they did that 2!
You need to stop listening to your FAKE NEWS and everything the Russians want you to believe and wake up.
You're an idiot who drank the Russia koolaid. Your party is circling the drain and it's long past due! It is a beautiful site and funny too!
You are all about that FAKE NEWS! When is Cheeto Jesus bringing his own jobs back to America? Keeps getting Chinese trademarks. Sad!
I love my Cheeto Jesus! He is amazing & will save America in spite of the damage your black Jesus did to Our Country! The Dems are flailing!
Republicans can't even pass legislation. Can't agree with each other.
True, they disagree about issues, it's called independent thinking. The Dems r ALWAYS IN LOCK-STEP regardless of Right & Wrong! That's SAD!
They need the back of the hand for their reversal rate... when you're wrong 8/10 times 
Sessions an embarrassment to USA!
Tell us about this backhanded comment to this poor working woman you made Chucky
Guess you have never been there as the native people hate us mainlanders
Hey Chuck, if you have this much respect for Hawaii, maybe you should call off the dogs who are trying to take down @TulsiGabbard?
Two guys that ruined congress.
Enforce laws. Stop waste, fraud and lobbyists.
Do Tax reform & cuts, infrastructure & jobs.
Stop Sanctuaries.
Schumer = good case for term limits!!
Your gob was shut when Obama sued state after state.  Don't pretend to care now. #GarbagePolitics
Couldn't we just have one measly day to savor the canning of Bill O'Reilly without one of Trump's minion harshing our buzz?
@SenSchumer  like we really care what you think , you're such a crook and a hypocrite
Not Hawaii just the judge that makes decisions based on a whim, he should get a slap from DOJ he is well desirving of one
You're such a divisive smuck.
You are part of the problem Schumer. The judge in the wackiest jurisdictions in the US doesnt have a legal leg to stand on and you know it.
Once a raciest,always a raciest Iv'e heard stupid stuff come out of politicians mouths,but he takes the cake.He needs to apologize
He was making a point like your doing on this tweet. Do you really think people will believe your that stupid
That judge didn't need a back hand!. He needed a $1000 beating for being an anti American left wing pig.
I would like to start a movement Immediately upon Trumps removal everything he does is automatically revoked and erased from history
To give Americans the back of the hand when we are demanding border security and deportations is just plain wrong. It's treason too!
Please stop to much BS
Sessions went to law school? Hehehehahaha
Thanks for being an awesome leader. #NoFreakingWall #TrumpTreason #GiveEmHell
Race bailer-Look in the mirror before you speak of others! What have you done for NY? When are you visiting Wall Street to Grease your palm?
.@SenSchumer Meh....most people forget it's there
To give Hawaii the back of the hand when it's one of our great 50 states is  just plain wrong. https://twitter.com/tpm/status/855136906996326400 …
Democrap liberal judge zero credibility
Schmuck...YOU ARE WHAT IS "ALL" WRONG....JUST YOU!!!!
Sessions needs to check the calendar...this is 2017 not 1960..
Dosen't diminish the fact that 1 judge out of over 700 over rode Trump's right to issue an order designed to change process to protect US!
Chuckie better look at some travel brochures for Hawaii. They're described as islands.
.@1choice no one gave Hawaii the back of there hand this is fake concern by the biggest faker in Senate. Period
...and this picture shows to me the ignorant shellbacked dwebe I have heard speaking with brittle conviction!!
Hawaii - Trump can't spell it and sessions doesn't realize it's part of us
Chucky so you support a Judge ruling based on Political correctness and not the facts of law. SIR, you're what's wrong with this country.
They are just going to love the Evil Keebler Elf in prison... passed around with the frequency of a cheap hand radio.
The only goofs that think this is a big deal are Desperate Democrats. And Crybaby, you are a Desperate Democrat.
It's just plain wrong and shameful to see #dems stay silent when an #American citizen was released and not welcome her home. #avahijazi
It's ignorant and makes me question Sessions mental capacity
Why is this perjuror still the Attorney General. Seeing this evil elf pushing his draconian measures makes my blood boil!
I thought Obama said there were 57?
not to be mean, but this looks like Mr Magoo
@USAGSessions is correct. By the way, #BuildTheWall !!
What happened2 the Chuck Schumer that I voted4 even as a registered Republican? That's what happens whenu preside over a dysfunctional party
Rather than starting political brush fire perhaps you cld do Hawaii & islands a real favor by blowing up Jones Act constraint on commerce
Obama said their were 57 states,you sayin he lied?
Hey stop ther, give the back of the hand and a foot.
I agree with Seasions. Why Does any state have that authority over the other 49.... simply because we have lost site of the constitution
Sessions is a horrible AG.
But it's judges block common sense legal checks on terrorists entering the United States mainland. #clueless
When ru democrats going to stop voter suppression?
What do u expect from a mentally challenged trump supporter he's nothing!!!!!!!
The sad thing is, he probably doesn't realize that "island" is at least aa viable a state as ALA, or is his knowledge of USA pre civil war?
Wow insulting our great state of Hawaii. Does Sessions know Pearl Harbor is there?
#sessions walks around in a perpetual state of contempt
I guess Mr Beauregard didn't lose anyone at Pearl Harbor. Only the War for the Confederacy matters in his small mind
@TPM @CNN @MSNBC @NancyPelosi Admin.insensitive, arrogant,larger than life &better than you attitude.Sad!
To give Hawaii the back of the hand when it's one of our great 50 states is  just plain wrong. https://twitter.com/tpm/status/855136906996326400 …
@TPM Please stop drinking from your sippy cup.
The ignorance and arrogance of this man only equals that of DT.. it's simply appalling !
& yet they want protection from NK. We want protection from illegal immigrants and they said no!  You pick & choose issues to attack @POTUS
Really?! Dems routinely give back of hand to us in fly-over country! Do you think before speaking?!

Someone needs to give you the back of their hand.
Chuck are you fake crying as your typed your tweet
Their all nationalists... Just like hitler!
Their ignorance knows no bounds!
Could Sessions be any more of an idio?Oh, I almost forgot;he was appointed by the potus idiot of all times and confirmed by idiots i.e. GOP.
One good back of the hand deserves one right back. You are ALL abusing the US Constitution, we need term limits
I'm amazed that any human being can be as dense as Jeff Sessions.
LOL Jeff Sessions the man who lied under oath is from Alabama, A state that bombed black churches and blocked blacks from going to school
And all these years later, they haven't improved much at all. Lived there for 17 years and don't know how I didn't go crazy!
I'm amazed a racist geriatric simpleton who committed perjury is our AG.
It's a cesspool
Jefferson Davis P.G.T. Beauregard Sessions is outraged that the dictatorial impluses of his boss are held to established legal standards.
@TPM to quote Forrest Gump: "stupid is as stupid does"
Last time I checked... Hawaii is an island in the Pacific. The judge (Obama's bud) is the one that deserves a back of the hand. Political!!
Clueless in Washington
Amazing Senator, u know ur gonna get a rise out of ur base #resistance seems to b working, ur party just lost 2 local elections.

Sessions is one of many clowns Trump has given power to. The Dems need to unify and fight these idiots. Get your acts together! #resistance
He didn't he was saying that a 2 bit judge doesn't have the authority to stop a presidential order.  Stop lying senator
I don't think he knows Hawaii is part of US typical ignorant Trump 's cabinet
Chuck you are alway negative
You allow him to exist. All you had to do was lead shut down of New York in protest and these idiots would have resigned before inaugural.
Sessions is a bigoted weasel
Can't expect much from a petty racist that lied to congress and should be in jail
To have one crazy liberal judge hold up a reasonable order is even more wrong. Expect the Supreme Court to overrule this
Its not a backhand, its a truth. Hawaii is not affected as much as the rest of us by the immigration problem.
Jeff Sessions is an antique relic from the Old South. He's ignorant and out of touch. He's such a mistake as AG
Stop your jawboning and help. You are elected to uphold constitution and represent Citizens & Not your liberal ways and lobbyist buddies
And a judge that violates Federal Law isn't wrong? It's against the law to be an obstructionist as well and yet you seem be pushing that.
To have you as a Senator is absolute BS as well.
@pinkspider4evr Why don't u threaten to shut down government until we get a 911 commission Sessions is going about killing this
The confederate elf needs to keep his mouth shut...glad he is no longer my senator, but frightened for America!
Racism. He looks very stupid, behind the times. His words idiotic.
It wasn't a back hand.  You missed the point.  But then... you miss a LOT of points.  #BullSchumer
@realDonaldTrump @jeffsessions Lied under oath, says racist, bigoted, uneducated, unbelievably dumb things? Fire him! #TheResistance
The safe act is just plain wrong forcing me to pay others college tuition is just plain wrong forcing me to pay for others abortions is ...
I vote in NY.  You have been wrong about just about everything lately  Go spend taxpayer money, the more you spend the more you get.
Sessions must be removed..if not by democracy ,than by force!
Just how far south does this doodledip come from?
Racist do racist things Chuck.
Sessions should #Resign.
Plain wrong to someone who doesn't respect the constitution, but plain right to someone who does. As usual, the judge will be reversed.
It's all about knowing your history. This admin knows no history.
@jeffsessions Keep up the Great work Mr. AG!
I wish you Dem's would really pull it together or you might see a Super Majority in both Houses Supreme Court and @POTUS U R headed that way
I agree Chuck, now what are we doing about the ego maniac, who is destroying this country, sitting in the oval office? Just Wondering
A plantation owner in search of a plantation after slavery abolished.
Well, New York is a State as well, and ...oh never mind!
Fire Sessions 
They gave the rest of the country the back hand while taking no refugees! Smh
Guess the DOJ sees fit to discount a judge based on state of origin as POTUS did based on country of origin! Recuse Adolf Sessions for good!
Chuck...the little peckerwood is as dim as the in- Chief.
You just know his POV is it's full of brown people.
He's a first class imbecile like his boss.  Ignorance is dangerous and deadly, the Trump Klan will destroy this country...soon!
Lol this thread is cancer, Sessions is the last decent person left in the administration minis Bannon.
Jefferson, I say, ah Jefferson Beauregard Sessions is not the sharpest elf in the Keebler tree.
Are you going to cry again?
Back of the hand ? Last time I checked it was an island.  Nothing new there except the judge is a lib.  #MAGA
Sessions is an embarrassment to this great country along with the entire new administration . America,she deserves better than this.
& the US entered WWII because some asian power, china or something like that, attacked some navy base in an island somewhere in the Pacific
This is an History lesson from the current White House
I bet that Sessions is amazed just how close Alaska is to Russia....or maybe not!
Time for the Keebler Elf Racist to be removed from office.  Perjury is a crime, even in Alabama.  #TreasonousBigot
Read the constitution Chuck. No where does it give a single judge the right to block the federal government. Judges make up laws. Wrong!!!
Wrong, true. But consider the source.
It's ridiculous. His whole idea about what to do in his new position is also really wrong.
He's also prob amazed women can work outside the home and that you can make single brew coffee "for when it's just you"
I want to be a liberal for Halloween but I don't think i can fit my head up my @$$.  Could you post an instructional video on how you do it?
You deserve the back of President Trump's hand Chuck - You're as phony as a $3 bill - Obstructionist, opportunist, hypocrite, self-serving !
@jeffsessions Why don't you release your real disdain for the great state of Hawaii?
He's an ignoramous. Shocked??
@TPM More states need to do what Hawaii did and stand in solidarity against this law.
It's unbelievable that an Attorney General would say this.
Sessions is over the top he must get out
Dear @SenSchumer -- the USAG is a BIRTHER .. didn't you know that? OF COURSE he doesn't consider Hawaii a State!
You have such a partisan bias it's amazing. Why don't you care more about our citizens than you do about foreigners.
A guy from the great state of #Alabama should never say anything about another state  He has not earned the right to do that
Little Keebler elf forgot geography.
Clearly geography and US history he flunked in his early academic years ...
Hey, Session only likes 'red' states!
I know. It's sort of like how you talk about "red states".  Good God, your feigned indignation is hilarious.
Hawaii can join Canada! ! 
Release your tax returns lyin chuck
Oh, Senator, at least it got him off reefer madness for a day.
IGNORANCE
This guy's the village idiot anyway. His overestimate of the need for cops, his opposition to prison reform and
His ridiculous stance on marijuana is so uninformed and only popular with the old white guys. Oh yeah, he's a big old racist, too.
Sessions is a racist JERK!!!
All 50 states r GREAT! Work to make our country GREAT. What's wrong with you? I can't believe u would not want that too. Follow the LAWS!
You are so right.
Well, one thing is for sure, he is still racist.
Let's send him bs k to the 1800s
THIS, is why YOU lose CHUCKY MY BOY,   just incase you AINT EDGIMACATED. . . HAWAII is an island and it IS in the Pacific. . . GROW UP CHUCK
Sessions has no business being the Attorney General!!! Showing his true self! Truth!!!
What I'm amazed at is that NONE OF YOU ARE DOING ANYTHING ABOUT THIS!
Pretty sure that was his was of saying the state's citizens and the judge are all **eyedart** you know. Not white.
This is the attitude of the super (R) of today. The laws and rules do not apply to them and only to others. So this clown is the AG? 
How stupid the trump administration can be
Just further evidence of how ignorant and second-rate this administration is.
You're too stupid to understand the context of his statement. They have a HUGE WALL , the Pacific Ocean. They don't pay the price.
Session's amazement is equal to mine at his being the AG. Who could have thought such a tiny racist could get so far?
No putting Americans in harms way for stupid liberal policies is wrong.
Time for @jeffsessions to go - WAY past time for @jeffsessions to go.
When will the Democrats grow a spine and bring GOP to Court for their lawless actions in the Congress, Senate, White House & Agencies? #Act
Obstructing efforts to keep us safe and help us prosper is just plain wrong.  #AshamedOfOurDemLeaders
Sessions should be removed from office. He lied under oath. GOP double standard is staggering & hypocritical. Please sue & bring to Court!
That is the nicest way anyone could describe Jeff Sessions. So many other derogatory adjectives come to mind.
IT IS NOT JUST WRONG - IT IS TOTALLY NUTS.  WHO WOULD EVER SAY THIS AS ATTORNEY GENERAL????
He's ignorant. The whole toxic White House is toxic and crooked as hell. Hope the investigations continue as he fires too people
This guy needs to go back to acting!!!  Wasn't he in #Burbs
Session needs to brush up with the land of the laws. He's about an idiot!
@pinkspider4evr Only doing this because big O is from there.
Behavior is rather shady!
Belongs in a preschool recess ,
Not here.
The Lib judge from Hawaii played god and blocked the travel ban. He also didn't open his home to them.
Why don't you take care of New York State
Session is a liar & disrepects our judicial process. You should have demanded his resignation from the start
@pahstock someone needs to tell him to go "off to work" with the other 6 dwarves
Sessions is an idiot!
He is correct, why should a lefty loone have that kind of power, this leftist Judge should be impeached.
