This s so weird, but when I first read your tweet, I literally saw, "The Putin-Kobach voter purge." How weird is that? I'm in overdrive. :-/
Good question...#TraitorTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #RussianRepublicans
Clinton & Podesta’s $35 Million Russian Deal http://www.g-a-i.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/Report-Skolkvovo-08012016.pd …
How Republicans call themselves Americans and support or stand by and allow voter suppression and Gerrymandering, they are not Patriots.
"World Peace/remix"
this is a disgrace for the Human Race
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAdg-NbkQ1c …
Can you name 1 OCED country where citizenship is not a req to register to vote besides the US?
Please all remember or make yourself aware of what Kobach
Did to suppress and purse voters for GOP last year
To revise the historical record vote hrc got...n deny anyone not in lock step with their version of gop 2 vote
So ... illegals and dead people won't be able to vote. And registered voters can only vote once. And the Russians did what exactly?
Your fake outrage is transparent.
I trust an answer from a marine.
You afraid of the truth that their are millions of illegals that voted
More Than 5,000 Non-Citizens Caught On Virginia’s Voter Rolls http://www.illegalaliencrimereport.com/uncategorized/more-than-5000-non-citizens-caught-on-virginias-voter-rolls/ … #MondayMotivation
Fake news! There is millions of fraudulent votes for Democrats and losing them has them terrified!
Amusing how you bought that #fakeclaim by your #charlataninthewhitehouse.
Good Op-ed Ms. Gupta. Is it true they plan to store all voter information within the White House severs? If True, we're in real trouble.
This is unconstitutional and Fascism !
What negativity. If you are registered to vote, vote. If you're not, if your dead, on multiple registries, or illegal you won't be able to.
Do you seek a solution to Liberal vs. Conservative? If the answer is yes, visit: http://www.realists.com/category/my-evidence/ …
Vote tallies are not on line. The only way they can be tampered with is by the people in charge of tallying. The Russians are doing what?
Pay attention.
#Kobach  life mission has been iteneRANT CircuitRider for writingModelLaws (ALEC style) for #suppression  states
Dems protect illegal votes from your detection.  Don't want taxpayers 2 know how heavily illegals participated, they censor YOU, not protect
You don't want people voting illegally right?
While they lie about the purpose, and low morale trump is up Putin's butt.
@nuffsaid_h2o @nytimes #unhackthevote http://unhackthevote.com  @mikefarb1 @saill
Not only do we want transparency w/2016 election registrations, we want a national photo identification for future.  Hillary was not popular
We've got to stop those fools with an all out effort to reach out and make sure our friends family all colors/races are registered 2vote
Critical story- scary times
Their goal is to give Putin as much US voter data as they possibly can.
To find out how many people that have no right to vote did? #FactsMatter
Amusing how you bought 45's fake claim that hasn't a shred of evidence.
Pure evil. This administration is out of control. Pence will pay for his indiscretions. Karma is a bitch.
YES, to prevent ILLEGAL VOTERS...THEY help Dems. get elected !!!
Blah blah blah
Damn! Trump wants to eliminate dead people and illegals voting! How unfair is that? Even though voter info is public, don't give it again!
Kobach on CNN was as scary as ever
USA wants federal voter system same in all states. Proof of citizenship with valid photo IDs ! Why would anyone not care? Smells fishy!
Their goal is to get rid of dead voters, stolen ballot votes, illegals voting, busing of individual that vote multiple times!
The three greatest voter suppressions and how to remove them
people tend to believe Pence, trump team's best liar..the public has caught on..
called the old soldier..fraud commission shows truth
They buy votes for 25-$50. They prey on rehab houses. They vote multiple times different states bus illegals and then lie lie that's a Dem
The goal.  Stop voter fraud thought that was your goal with Russia can't keep it straight hey
Yes,the true goal is about removing dead people and foreign nationals from the rolls. The illegal vote the DNC depends on, #ThursdayThoughts
Still waiting for even a shred of evidence for that #fakeclaim.
@SenSchumer @nytimes Have you considered suing your brains for nonsupport?
Kobach is worse than Trump who at least can claim Putin blackmail for his anti-American decisions. Kobach thinks he is a plantation owner
Voter suppressionists!
Most Kansans get why the 'voter fraud' push. Brownback's # 1 appointment? Kobach. His #1 move, voter ID, 33K voter registrations purged.
what is your goal with open borders. give away america for vote and  your great grand children would be under Shari Law. so dumb. #maga
What they would love 2 do is purge every African American & Hispanic from the voter rolls & only have white people voting! Preferably rich!
Making it more convenient for Russia to tamper with our elections here on in. Trump has to pay Putin back somehow.
Help me out here
To take over the world, and kill us all.
Yeah to eliminate massive election fraud. You'll fight it all the way because you know it's responsible for Shitload of illegal dem votes
Sadly @vanitaguptaCR @nytimes horse already left barn. Vote suppression largely explains 2016 election.
Elusive Victories: Voting Rights, Desegregation and the Erosion of #CivilRights http://www.truth-out.org/news/item/39879-elusive-victories-voting-rights-desegregation-and-the-erosion-of-civil-rights …
More urgent than healthcare and even #TrumpRussia. PAY ATTENTION.
Get another 30,000,000 voter ID records ??? Forward them to AlphaBank ? Extend the Trump Campaign conspiracy? Free Apartments as Bribes!
Yup, Rump looking for the 3 mil pop votes that went to Hillary. Why on earth do investigation when HE did it himself
So scary!
The commission farce doesn't have to do anything aside from exist to accomplish Cult 45's intimidation goals.
Corruption of republicans at its finest they can't win an election without cheating by voter suppression
At 1st, misread your tweet.  Thought you said, The Putin-Kobach voter purge commission.  Freudian slip.  Pls RT
Take down this commission!!!!

Don't bury the lead. Kobach said he can't be sure Donald Trump won either.
You must be dizzy with all the spinning you do.
This is a ridiculous article.
All involved in this Cabal are traitors don't ever forget that! #TheResistance
To disenfranchise American voters
The true goal is to stop illegal voter registrations and votes. Nothing else.
USA goal: legal legitimate votes from registered citizens NOT ILLEGALS DEAD FOLKS & SH!TS voting 2,3xs registered in more than 1district
Yes to keep illegals from voting and the dead that always seem to somehow vote Democrat
Thanks for focusing a lens on this. #crosscheck (as reported by @Greg_Palast) and any sort of voter suppression is some evil stuff.


The only fraud here. Is this Trump appointed commission...
Republican TREASON Commission, led by KKK @VP Pence and KKK @KrisKobach1787
To #PurgetheRolls of illegal voters? Got it!
@KrisKobach1787 @VP @MSNBC @BillKristol  Is this commission info going to be used to target alleged enemies of the Trump admin?
@SenSchumer @nytimes The goal:HONEST and open elections that are fair, right?
Their goal is to remove undocumented democrats and prevent dead people from voting. The two largest voting blocks for DemoncRATS
@POTUS to  we're going to let healthcare fail; Kobach to @KatyTurNBC unsure voting process vaild. These MF's want to cause chaos - WHY?
THIS coming from the party who purports to be "all about states rights" ... Basically all unusual activity that occurred, favored Trump!
@realDonaldTrump best watch what you ask for, you'll find you lost by larger numbers than already reported...maybe didn't even EC qualify
Where are the #FamilyGuy Giffs? Beyond sick of the #RepAgenda. We are a battered people. #KeepFightingBack against #Trump
they've already been happening...
Does anyone remember blood on draft records?
True Goal-to insure the validity of our election process.  Only American citizens can legally vote!
We have right to vote but under our own identity.  If someone can get ID card so they can collect welfare, they can get voter ID card.
Our right to vote is one of our most basic rights as an American!
Hitler's playbook: destroy the press, get rid of voting rights, destroy economy, destroy education, destroy free speech, impose slavery.....
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chuck!!
More accurately: The Putin-Pence-Kobach voter purge commission.
Goal of the democratic party to install the practice of Communism,  re-education camps always interesting to see what the clowns are up too
@SenSchumer @nytimes Schumer you are the best at looking small and diminished. And it's not even 2018 yet. #termlimits
@joncoopertweets @nytimes This is The unamerican voter purge council by white biggitied males
You mean Voter Integrity? Stop treating minorities like they are incapable of providing a simple ID.  You appear underhanded.
How do we fight this?
There should be a picture ID voter required along with ONE VOTE. Why would Democrats/ Republicans refuse to do this unless hiding something?
TY for coverage on this - it's another urgent issue among so many that we have to keep re-focusing just to capture all the crises flaring
What are you hiding?
first they come for illegal immigrants, then they come to purge non-GOP voters...
Trump's VoterFraudCommission is Big Sham. You want transparency Trump.Release your taxes #fake45Potus What are you trying to hide?! #resist
If there's no voter fraud, then why are you worried about purging the voter lists of dead voters?
@SenSchumer @nytimes After that, it will be the "purge anyone we don't like" purge.
You're serious, aren't you?
Voter Purge is the only hand left to play and the only tool in their toolbox when it comes to trying to win the next election in 2018.
What is voter purge? What are they planning? Is it going to hurt people?
Republicans looking for any excuse to remove ur name from ur states voter registration rolls. Google Brennan school for justice/voter purge.
Yeah I googled it and read some articles. Lol noob 
What is our answer to these un-American Republicans?
When did America become a Nazi state? Or Russian state? Donald Trump is truly the worst president in US history and acts like this prove it!

Putin inspired, Trump is the perfect patsy for this.
Kobach needs 2 be ousted 4 his previous propaganda abt voter fraud. Kobach whispered to the naked DT "ur suit is of the finest fabric"
Thank you for drawing attention to this. Need reminders with so much chaos they intentionally create
Try, only alive, legal U. S. citizens are allowed to vote.
Insidious plan...voter suppression.
They want to see who their buddies are, so they can protect them from The Rapture.
@billmaher

@DonaldJTrumpJr
Yes it is to intimadate voters & to rig future elections like most countries do that are losing their democracy
Kobach is a fraud look at his records in Kansas
It's about time that the WH starts investigating voter fraud across the country.  Too much corruption in the states voting system.
This is a complete joke; not to mention a waste of time and money.
we remember the true goal is to prevent past voter fraud . this holds true no matter what the fake NYT says or dimwitted chucky
Are you sure they won't lock us in camps for the way we voted?  Don't forget Japanese internment.  Our names reveal familial ethnic lines.
Hell they need to if you are here Illegally
I am stunned that someone able to be published in the media actually agrees w/ fraudulent voting by non-citizens. Shall I go affect India's?
I just sent this email to a friend, and thought I'd share...
My laugh for the day Orange Baboon? How about the chimpanzee looking Muslim that thought he was a king?
You wish he were a chimp, Muslim or king! Obama, one of the best presidents in history. Cheat-olini will go down as a treasonous tyrant.
Any one of a number of state AG's will stop this in its tracks in federal court.
#RespectMyVote
No, Voting rights are for legal voters not for illegal's and dead people
This is probably the most important battle we need to fight in terms of protecting democracy.
Although unlikely, if there is any evidence that commissioners thought people would initiate self-imposed removal that may violate the NVRA.
This must be stopped.  It begins a silent coup
#WeThePeople
#TheResistance
#StopVoterSuppression
No Voter Purges. No Crosscheck.
Twitter Townhall!
i'm sorry, but the Democrats are too concerned with Russia to pay attention to actual problems like this.
Yes, dems need the dead and illegal vote to win.
Must resist
Steve Bannon is pushing this. Ask ur self, Why? A merge of 2 operations. 1. Russian Destruction of NATO & Control Europe 2. Right Wing n USA
brief history of voter suppression moves in and out from under the carpet
Good.   All these fake and dead people are suddenly going away to avoid being tracked back.
Coming? Already well under way. Escalation better term
Thank you for your leadership!
ALL who believe in America, in Democracy, demand this commission be disbanded. Resist voter suppression NOW!
Sounds like you are scared to death of this. Why?????
Publish a list of State Sec of States & state election officials w/contact info. We can mobilize to force them to verify election procedures
get my old fat hands around the dems blue tax dollars
This.
We'll all have to reregister
Use UR platform 2 tell everyone 2 get WRITTEN proof of their VOTER STATUS in person from local ROV prior 2 Reg. deadlines both primary & gen
#RespectMyVote
With the passing of each election cycle in America, democracy, voting rights and the power of voting is further eroded. Fight back. 
It can be protested you know. @votevets @VFW @iava  @TheYoungTurks @MoveOn @IndivisibleTeam @UniteWomenOrg @MomsDemand @ACLU @emilyslist
Fraudulent elections is a hallmark of Fascism. Of course, they don't admit what they're doing to try to ensure GOP stays in power.
Get a grip on reality Vanita & Grow the Hell Up while ur @ it!
To make ppl afraid to register to vote! Thousands of ppl removing names from voter rolls! This is what they wanted! WE CAN'T LET THEM WIN!
How many states sent them information?    And what official power do they have over state voter roles?
All NYT stories and op-eds are only fit for lining the floor while potty training puppies.
Anyone have some rotten eggs? They need greetings showered upon them..Kobach is the vilest pos on this planet-the commission is a hate group
Aw the Republican MO do anything underhanded necessary to win. Like Voter suppression with the king himself kobach & Trumps yes man, Pence.
Registering republican to control who runs is a really good strategy.  I wish I could convince more to do it.
That, alone may get me kicked off.
Even though I'm registered rep.,I will probably check b/c I seen all the mail from Trump back marked 'Refused. Return to sender.'
I can't vote in the dem primaries, but my registration doesn't affect my ability to vote in the general election.
I registered republican so I could vote in the republican primaries and have a little say over who gets to run.
Secure Voting ,but that's Not their intent
I lived in an open primary state for 20 years. When I moved home, my state has closed primaries.  I missed being able to vote for all.
If you are a democrat you should check with your local election commission B 4 the deadline to register B 4 the next election.
Onlyright women have under the Constitution is the right to vote. The #Equal Rights Amend proposed in 1923 remains unratified. Need #ERANow
Just Shameful! !
to seek out democratic voters and erase them from the voting registry.  Is this american? or  a spoiled child getting even. Obama forever
Yup
On direct orders from #VladimirPutin.
Anything with "Christian, first" @VP @mike_pence name on it is white, homophobic, anti-science. Going for a theocracy. #NeverEverPence
Why are Indians trying to influence our election? Oh
