Stop it, Chuck. We remember the incessant stories about @HillaryClinton emails, and the Russian hack, And she still won by 3mil.
But she didn't.
Yes, she did.
That's our problem as Democrats. She lost and he won, and we have to move on and hold on as best we can.
Dems don't have a problem.
We have a nitwit in the White House, a Republican congress, 30-plus Republican governors, 32 legislatures
Except this Election was different! RUSSIA CHOSE OUR WINNER! #TrumpRussia  #UnhackTheVote #IllegitimatePresident
No Russia didnt. The Democrats did.They were so sure of Hillary they pulled for Trump to win primaries thinking easiest for Hillary to beat
States that R in trouble under Obamacare are the red states who snubbed Medicaid expansion putting rural hospitals in squeeze
No all the mandates take away all medical care. Medicaid expansion hurt more than helped too.
Google Christie tunnel: https://www.google.com/search?q=Christie+tunnel&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8 …
Practice what you preach, Chuck.  You have been "Russia, Russia, Russia", EVEN when you knew better.
For a Dem (Tim Ryan) to say that is pathetic.Do your homework, everybody, find out about the Koch brothers' money, used to control the gov't
Your comments are about as genuine as your tears.
Chuck you have done nothing but blame, resist, push for Russia even though you have known for a while @potus wasn't under investigation #smh
Sorry for the people who are absolutely ignorant of what he is doing against the country!!!
Need to start speaking up and stop trying to be nice.Those days are over for us! Trump saw to that We need to get tough! Do like Joe Kennedy
FAKE NEWS just like CNN
first truth from Chucky Teardrops in a long time... but it was more than economic Chucky

Corporate Establishment Dems Are Simply GOP-Lite.
Dems Do Not see the Wisdom of  Getting the Full Support of Progressives & Independents
Your Disconnection With Real People & And Their Issues Is Why The Dems Are Disintegrating And Why Progressives Are Thriving. #ResistCorpDems
Senator Schumer, is totally spot on. Dems are to blame for there losses.
They blamed everyone but themselves
Lying Schumer! You're going to lose more seats in 2018!
I'm sorry people understood your econ msg it was poverty &Taxation &more abysmal care nobody wanted any of those  &certainly didn't want H C
Wow! How about doing your job! Instead of attaching the president! Oh ! Stop the fake tears! Yes you are a hypocrite you sir have no vote!
He also said "Knowing his relationship with Putin" even after the world knows it was a big fat lie he keeps at it. I dislike you cause you
Lie, and smear other mens reputation over politics, that's bearing false witness, need I say more?
Mr. Schumer, do you use Obamacare?
Yes Schumer's economic message is to increase taxes on working people so he and the Dems can give it away.
Like you blamed Russian collusion liar liar pants on fire
Do the Resist Obstruction advocates know this? Including the leftist once upon s time democrat party now hijacked by socialists?
Block grants to states is just a way for states to use  that money to balance their budgets. The big crooks R at state the level!
@POTUS has a great economical plan, He meets with CEOs, workers, etc.
Why do you believe a Dem plan will be trusted? CA & NY is all U have.
SCHUMER IS A RUSSIAN SPY

#Resist 
#ImWithHer 
#ShePersisted
Quick someone call @ericgarland we need his investigative skills on this STAT
If I remember correctly , YOU WERE RIGHT UP THERE WITH PELOSI, OBAMA, AND HILLARY ..BLAMING EVERYONE BUT YOURSELVES ! EVEN DEPLORABLES !
The Dems are Missing Everything, long gone to the Left of human common sence...  they will keep on lossing...
Chuck show us your crocodile tears!
So start admitting you're obstructionist's!
The Democrats are not interested in understanding why they lost which is why they will keep losing. It's ok, I'm not tired of winning yet!
Trickle Down Healthcare... The rich will be healthy...Just sayin...
There was a time when Russian espionage was a bad thing..
This guy reminds me of a used car salesman! A bad one at that! Creepy!
Problem is. The Democrats scream their lies in unison. And 90% of their spoken words are lies.
We need a sound message, but you can't ignore the fact that Pelosi is a lightening rod for the right to tie around the necks of candidates
.@TheDemocrats need to fight as viciously as Reps. Tie #ToxicTrump on every one of them. I understand @ossoff didnt. Should have.
Maybe they should have run someone that actually lives in the district the guy couldn't even vote for himself
What @jmoore3309 said.
Schumer like Hillary is an elitist who believe they know what's good for Americans better than regular Americans making our own decisions!
I totally agree. D's have messaging problem.  Must talk to center, not far left. e.g. Obama often cut taxes. D's did not take credit for it.
Trump is like an old oak tree, shady...
Simply bullshit. Hillary had economic message. Press ignored it in favor of EMAILS.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaholololololololololooollheheheheheheeheheheheh
#MAGA @BMW  adding 1,000 new jobs in SC
Are you gonna admit your farce against @POTUS ? You've been gnawing & regurgitating Trump Russia but Comey told you months ago no collusion.
Don't change a thing Chuck! You're winning and winning everywhere. So just retire now and join Amy in making another kind of joke.
That is what I want to see in a politician, accepting mistakes is the first step to correct them, @SenSchumer keep up the good work.
Democrats can't do that they're hypocrites, and their narcissistic
Lyin, cryin @SenSchumer
@SenSchumer I think this new "speak" isn't because they finally hear the people's voice, but Russia investigation getting too close to Dems
Please Chuck, let OBAMACARE FAIL. Then the argument will be moot.
Democraps are sore losers
Mean  ER
Try speaking based on heart. Not talking points, policies and percentages. Our message should be authentic. Tell true stories. Ppl respond.
Dems better stand for something yes they do OBSTRUCTIONISM, you leading the pack! Dems 0 for 4! Get it?
Looks like Trump will get another Supreme Court Judge soon....POOR LIBS...Talking Russia-Russia,,,While GOP keeps Winning!
Hey chuckle,  you, your party is so outta touch with America. I'll bet your new message will sound like Trump's party. Haha
this is why schumer should not be minority leader...to weak to stand the test of time...miss you Harry @SenatorReid
Doesn't matter he will never agree to anything to anything he can't even get his own party to agree on anything but obstruction sad day
About time! What happened Chuck? Somebody put a few bucks in your pocket?
The entire @DNC and msm owes @POTUS  and the American people an apology for the waste of time on Russia, schmuck.
Even if you get a message Dems r still radical obstructionist. People won't believe resistance for 6 months, bashing Pres &"now we care".LOL
Democrats message is they R corrupt anti-American commi lying evil demon devils don't care about working Americans! Thank u BABOON BAMA
There's the 180. DNC doing the flip flop after Georgia. Russians out, economic message in.
Americans don't care about an economic message cuz we're doing well.  Still on O's fiscal year.  That will change next year w a new reality.
Then Chuck why are we wasting millions on B.S. Use that money to help USA pass some bills stop doing nothing it doesn't help getting me back
Finally,  a Dem recognizes the problem1
If D want the south back, they have to chg or silence message on abortion, gays and religion. Sorry that's the way it is.
The Dems did not empathize with all people in the mid to low socio-economic range.
Let's see if he's saying the same thing at the midterms.
Dang, one Democrat finally gets it!  The rest and their votes are still in denial.
Dem's new message: Bring Back the American Dream. Decent jobs, healthcare, GDP going to middle class, not trickle down. A melting pot.
Yes, lets come up with new ways to make the ppl think we are all 4 them..& then carry on with our communist agenda! Money..every1 likes $$!
Shelly that's so ignorant it's a limp dick. There's nothing "communist" about Dem. Come up w/better argument. One using actual intelligence.
You are as much a problem as Nancy Pelosi. Continue to act, and lead, like you are and you will give the repubs  a super majority. Wise up.
Have you not learned anything. Polls are NOT accurate. Some choose NOT to tell the truth. You are a sucker if you rely on them.
We are broke and you guys want to keep spending and making promises. Stop spending, maybe cut a dept or 20
It's NOT JUST economic message Schemer
the youth, Millennials, and BabyBoomers want more Progressive
postions on issues+SINGLE PAYER
Call out Trump everyday. No income taxes, what's he hiding..
I try not to be low class and call names like Republicans. Libtard, etc. I find those people usually uninformed..
No kidding! Talk about not connecting with the people! You are the party of revolution, we reject and despise you. We will not be socialists
It's called Giving A Shit About Other People and not raping and pillaging like the fucking Republicans. FFS
New blood for Dems, Adam Schiff, Kamela Harris, etc..
The differences between Bernie & Hillary divided the Democrats.  Time to unite on one platform...
Chuck, I am part of the Deep State, I admit it.  I am, definitely, a Democrat to the core....
So come on, Dems.  Let's fix it for the sake of our country and our democracy!
It seems to be a winning strategy for Repubs. As Dems when we win, we still act like losers.
The message is: Dems serve the ppl. Now busy yourself doing that & quit the blaming/bickering.
When the election is hacked by a hostile country & the opposition party, you blame them. Stop bickering & get back on message.
And DEMS needs to quit their DNC-CPUSA shared message of HATE & RESIST.  Good Americans are sick of this CPUSA message the DEMS use.
Looks like you D's are down to paid protesters as your message. Americans expect better they want unity & the People's Agenda passed.
Schumer : pandering puppet , his leadership is why his party is dead . No ideas , just hate spewing responsible for GOP shootings God Knows
Sounds good but no one in your party (including you) are acting in a responsible way. Start doing to work of the people. Work together.
I have been tweeting you and Pelosi for months that there is not enough money that will get you elected, without a plan and message. Putz
Really? The why aren't you leading us in the right direction. Your only plan is Trump hate, Russian collusion, false statements 2 enrage us.
You also need to take sound advice when you're giving it don't think you know it all because you don't.
We all know you lied continuously about Trump being under investigation. No credibility. You think we will forget during next elections ?
Let's get to know the many new regional voices . please dump Sanders at outreach. he is last year's flash in the pan. UR screwing up w/him
Former GOP/ndies coming to local Dem meetings.Trump/GOP driving them here. we want progress,Sanders is wrong messenger
It took him 8 months and many losses to realize this. Was he educated in USSR?
Then why are you blaming everyone but yourself.  Also stop lying about everything.
Sanders is dividing us and bveing used by the GOP to divide us. he isn't a Dem and is not an 'economic' message savior. need regional voices
keeping non Dem Sanders at outreach is cutting our party off at the knees. I'm rural, red swing. Sanders is not the answer.
Schumer is a fool.  It is an insult to all that he thinks we are too stupid not to see through his bullshit and lies.
WHAT!?!  The DNC & CPUSA Shared message of HATE & RESIST is working great for Republicans.  DNC should quit using CPUSA messages.
What a hypocrite you are.
Economic message needs to be clear as to how it effects EVERYone, and social justice issues paramount for our base. Don't fool yourself
Please also talk with Tom Perez and Keith Ellison & get in the same page.
Dems need a good platform right now.. Higher paying jobs, environment, public schools, healthcare..
Yes, and including voting rights, criminal justice reform, etc
LOL! Finally on the correct meds??
Wht are doing to thrw trmp out? 39 states cnfrmd russa hackd thm, so trmp not legit prez! What r u doing abt it!
The democrats lost these elections bc they have lost all reasonable common sense
HOW ABOUT A WALK-OUT UNTIL THIS INVESTIGATION IS OVER?!?  Maybe that would help them speed things up.  #notourpresident
Tell Hillary that
You kept the Trump/Russia story going when it wasn't true. Clinton, Comey and Lynch ... corrupt   on the American payroll.
First thing you said I agree with. Party who cares! Deliver America a better life, The American Dream is not dead. 
Once again you forgot African American Women make up the mass majority of African American Votes. Middle Class doesn't constitute all votes
Chuck you and the rest of the Dems have done nothing for 8 yrs now all you can do is a resist.  You are a failed party.  Shame on all of you
Middle class Americans! You got it wrong again. The working poor are voters too. Once again we taken for granted. Advocate for Change
@SenShumer Praise be...someone who knows who to blame for his problems.  Spread the word!
Finally blaming yourself instead of playing your normal games.  Get on board with trump and MAGA
While he sits in a northeast Liberal safety zone augmented by big time Wall Street donors.
Tell us about knowingly lying to the American people. Senate Democrats need to remove you from your leadership position.

Grassley: Schumer Knew Trump Was Not Under Investigation When He Publicly Claimed Otherwise [VIDEO] http://trib.al/ZFmdqZm  
Harry Reid now u how sad!
Democrats r finished in America
U have no ideas but hate & division
Kudos Chuck....Great therapy progress!!! Sadly took 8months & nearly successful assassination attempt on GOP congressionals to get to this.
Schumer find Jesus repent for your lies
Your incompetent pRtisan
A croc sht
I'm middle class Schumer quit lying to public Obamacare stinks and is only getting worse liars like you is why democrats are in the mud
Yep, time to retire schemer!
Dissing @HillaryClinton whoa
I'm not laughing.  Where's the income taxes.  Follow the money. That is all Trump cares about.
Lol....but that is NOT what u did.  U blames Russians, trump and GOP.  U and ur beliefs are why Dems keep losing seats



You are like a child,  do it my way and you can play.  Obama's fault re: Russia hacking! Dems colluded and LOST! Face it, you're a failure!
Mayor @PeteButtigieg has a message of attraction that could & should be shared from coast to coast. #p2 Also read: https://medium.com/@buttigieg/hitting-home-a-new-politics-of-the-everyday-76316121f06a …
Totally Agree! It's the ECONOMY!! Too little focus by D's!! Must re focus!
rotflmao... is this reptile for real... lol! Just how stupid does he think the snowflakes are? #WeFeelYourPainSnowflakes
Every other thing coming out of Democrats mouths is GOP and Trump killing people.
ur only message is obstruct/resist/bad mouth, u have no message except blame others for your faults & continue to do so! self responsibility
That's not what he tweets. That's not what he feels. He's putting on some collaborative face in the MEDIA to fake a REPAIR for both. Nope!
Did anyone inform Hillary of this??!
Tell that to your queen, @HillaryClinton
Dems have been lying to & at the same time screwing the working class for years. You got busted in November for not have a message. Too late
And "we're" still not doing shit about winning! Stop talking about it and be about it.
Are you changing your mind Chuckie?
Disclose the deal for me!I'm a Republican going forward!
When does he make peace with an old friend POTUS & participate. We would all love that. Now that's an American cum bi yah moment. Just say'n
And when you get caught lying, the good Americans don't vote for you!
I'm a Dem, we want a party in the middle, opportunity here for Dems to reemerge as that party. Both parties too far in either direction now
proven voter suppression by republicans, proven vote tally tampering, interference by Russia, and still HRC won popular vote by large margin
Yes she did! In 20 out if 50 states!
Oh, wait ----
Hillary has never blamed herself
