When something happens to you family members and it's a illegal  Imigrant you will feel the way we do! I pray it happens to you
Conservatives are the danger not immigrants
My grandparents came into this country legally, if they had to everyone should follow the rules of this country
America needs talent, skill, educated professionals. You are just using oxygen
All at an additional cost to federal tax paying citizens.  Use NY money for your needed repairs
Senate Dem's are a bad joke on the American people! You're so involved with your own divisive behavior that's all you care about!
Let's do away with obama care once and for all! I don't give a shit about Obamas legacy I care about the money in my pocket
Selfish liar.
Still not English, Slav troll ?
Grow up snowflake
A slav troll indeed
Nothing under oduma ecpt low paying part time jobs and wasteful odumacare
N.J. is a lost cause
The DEMON. CRATS
Where was YOUR potus the last 8 yrs?! Plz enlighten me! What the hell did he do besides give all our tax $'s away? Well...I'm waiting!
Compromise compromise compromise that's what you need to do chuck . Instead everyday devisive word are all you say
No compromise.  Resist.
Sadly, I can't RESIST acknowledging the fact that you're a brain dead sheep!
Not name calling at all, just describing brain activity, or lack thereof...
Oh now I understand
Wasteful spending for the last 8 yrs you fraud #fakenews from the clown & posterchild of #DrainTheSwamp #Termlimits #SchumerMakesAmericaSick
Schumer has no plan ecept to raise taxes
Schools, public transportation, parks, research = lots of jobs in infrastructure
Create user tax for NY transit repair. Don't use my tax money for making commuting more convenient for a select group. No one subsidizes me.
Give Trump the support and money he needs to build the wall and end the nightmare called Obama Care I can't afford it
You had 8 years and did Jack shit put push Obama care and shovel ready jobs that failed.  Trump is doing right stay out of the way
To be real @BarackObama did good but democrats put money in there pockets n now it's @realDonaldTrump turn he does both $ his pocket n rep.
Boy! You're very misguided if you think Obama did good. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
@terry_mancini  hahaha I know it's a joke compare to what we have now a world class clown
The libs under Obama can keep the trophy of most debt ever created by 1 person & printing a trillion in counterfeit $ & most lies ever told
Gee a Trump idea
A plan like Obama's "shovel-ready" jobs that weren't there? You have NO understanding of the economy, much less jobs. U only know Corruption
He has it out there. Join him and Make America Great Again.
What creates jobs and grows businesses is lower taxes.  Going into more debt for infrastructure to create some jobs is not fiscally sound.
You want everyone in low paying jobs. Shame on you.
Where was it @ the last 8 years
First show us the results of the TRILLION dollar stimulus you passed under Obama. Please List in order what was repaired, built, or improved
The demwit infrastructure plan funds croneys and wastes billions on pet projects not the important things. Secretary Cho has a better plan!
Trump never made promises. He only told lies.
Yes just like all those shovel ready jobs under Obama.
He's way ahead of you.  Where have you been?
Obama stimulus failed - Double down on failure is a Democrat trait
Except when BHO did it - what a waste of $$$.  Trump will do it correctly!!
He is a liar.His Followers are going to freak when they see the tax cuts for rich and health insurance failure.
Then you all need to get on board w @POTUS infrastructure funding but you won't so thanks for the fake statement and phony support.
You are so full of SH*T
WHERE ARE THE BILLIONS your party @TheDemocrats stole from us the taxpayers?
@POTUS
Trump want's to make America great again, Schumer wants to make America Venezuela! @SenSchumer @SocialistParty @socialismdosentwork
You had 8 yrs hypocrite
You did absolutely nothing for the past 8 years. Now you have a plan. You are an obstructionist and your conduct is hurting the country. Sad
Where was this plan 8 years ago?
The southern border wall is classified as critical national defence infrastructure, one that your party is so against. 3 decades of failure
But under Dems Socialists 1 billion was given and $10 bucks was let after they pay all their friends off
If you and your dem colleagues would stop wasting time obstructing maybe things would get done.no surprise people think senate is useless.
A wall is infrastructure we want a wall
The wall is a very much needed infrastructure. "We the People",  (not just California and New York) let you know what we wanted, so do it.
Where has Chuck Schumer been for the last 3 decades on Immigration Reform?????? Schumer was a key player in the 80's immigration bill. FAIL
Your plan sucks.  Need to come up with a bipartisian plan that serves more than democratic pockets.
Yes. Big plan. Only plan they've ever had is to keep their seats at any cost becsuse they're too inept for the private sector.
POTUS is wading thru your obstructing agenda. So unAmerican of Democrats.
You're right Senator so why are you and the Socialist Democrats standing in the way?
The question is where have you been 96 days compared to years of disservice take responsibility for your ineptness 
Name calling did not serve the campaign well Where is Schumer compromise law making and posit positive End Hate the President
If you'd stop obstructing @potus he would be able to get things done. You're very annoying CHUCK!
He's too busy signing bogus executive orders of which he accused Obama doing during his campaign!  Can't govern!
More hate from Schumer.
Here's one for you: BUILD THE WALL! And BTW: it's going to be built with or without your support. Deal with it.
Say it with me TEMPORARY jobs. U must have forgotten Barrys shovel ready Broken promises.
Shovel-ready jobs.  Right, Chuck?
#DoYouMean #ItsSnot
#Criminal to #Borrow #OtherPeoplesRetirementFunds like #SocialSecurity & #NotPayItBack #LikeCongressDoes
#Owes5Trillion
Does "shovel ready " ring a bell?  Dufus
well why didn't Obama call for it? Oh yeah he was too busy trying to make us 3rd world country
Democrats and Republicans 'GOVERNMENT PARTY' did little as possible for infrastructure! THANK GOD FOR TRUMP!!
Because your #slimmy paws are already in the slew. When #government is involved,  time is #never of the essence
Call him out, Chuck! We don't want more contractor run toll roads!
NOT BROKEN PROMISES... OBSTRUCTION!
We need better people in Congress. They all Obstruct and get nothing done on our dime! CLEAN HOUSE
So would building that wall !! You do nothing for Americans but OBSTRUCT
Because you didn't go along with Iran deal. Next Ilhan Omar is voting to give insurance payments to jihadist , we now the new Palestinians
Not true Job creator it a stimulus plan , what about Iran deal investigation you voted against it,you were lied to and then NYC funding cut
Senate Democrats only plan is Obstruction. 67% of Americans say Democrats are out of touch with their needs. #Trump100days
Democrats know NOTHING about job creation, the last 8yrs is solid proof of that, STOP YOUR DAMN LYING YOU CROOKED LIBERAL B*STARD!
Are these the shovel ready jobs that have been on hold for 8 years?
Blah blah blah  more would be done if it wasn't for dems fighting everything
You haven't had a plan to help America ever! Your only plan is to destroy America.
Shut up CHUCKY CHEESE! All you are is an obstructionist!
At the white house. Have you been there?
Yes, infrastructure for jobs! No to wall! Keep fighting for us @SenSchumer!
Yes they do and it's a good one! Thanks @SenSchumer for taking the lead!
@POTUS has done more work than 100 years of Liberals screwup.
We know Schumer to chicken to run for Prez! How about you anti Trumpers? Are you running in 2020?
How old are you? 5? Is a message such as yours appropriate when speaking about or to the President? Conduct yourself as a Senator, Senator.
No it isn't! That is tried and true proven
PLEASE STOP

We are NOT BUYING WHAT YOU ARE SELLING!
What's your plan Chuckie? U DON'T HAVE ONE! SICK OF U & ALL OBSTRUCTIONIST DEMOCRATS! Trump has accomplished more in 100 days than most Pres
Turn around of the failing economy that he inherited from Bush, almost solely a result of Obama's stimulus package
Yup where is the Trump infrastructure plan?
The irrelevant Dems trying to lay claim to @POTUS' infrastructure plan. #pathetic
I'd be embarrassed!
Schumer is one of The biggest crooks in Washington! He is the swamp!
You act like a 2 year old!
If you have a plan why haven't you shared? Because you've been too busy obstructing. You & rest of the Dems despicable behavior. Term limits
You mean like Obama's "shovel ready jobs" stimulus? You do know that people have memories don't you Senator?
The wall is coming, wait for it.
He chuck, why don't you reply to any of the comments? Hit too close to home?
Please stop trashing the President and be the leader you are supposed to be.
That's assuming POTUS really cares about investing in America's futures and providing jobs to the middle class or his base.
Senator, you are a typical politician. And that ain't good.
So is building a wall! A wall that you voted for in the past! #BuildTheWall
Please keep fighting! We need you to represent us! #NoBanNoWallNoRaids #HealthcareNotWealthcare #EqualityforAll
More pork barrel spending and union bailouts like 2009.Wasted taxpayer dollars.
so U have a plan & want to talk, how about healthcare why aren't you joining in & help plan a better one the the ACA
Yeah, jobs for overpaid union goons on projects that run over budget & take forever. Quit urinating on r legs while telling us it's raining.
Schumer= POS
RINCE, REPEAT,
Can it Schmuck!! .. He could plagiarize Obama plan and you would still obstruct
Don't try to take credit for infrastructure trump has always had plans for infrastructure you're counting on people not being informed
YEA WE KNOW YOUR PLAN TELL U WHAT DEMS GIVE ALL THE MONEY BACK THAT THEY HAVE STOLEN OR WASTED AND LEAVE THAT IS A GOOD PLAN. 8 YRS..NO TY..
Yeah just look at all the roads & bridges that need fixed from obama's reinvestment act of 2009 what that cost 1.2 trillion???
Only if ur socialist & believe in state ownership. If u took your liberal socialist blinders off u would see @POTUS plan. More than yours!
@tempteststorm2 it took all this time to get the Cabinet confirmed. Please Obstruction, Party of no. Every word coming out of the Dems hate
So I guess the story goes you need replacing. Also do what you were elected for work with our president not politics.or get the he'll out.
As for broken promises trump has done everything so far he has said he would. You Chucky have done nothing but complain. You are a totalidot
You've obstructed everything he has tried to do so far. Maybe try staying out of the way and letting him get started
He's probably at the WH but which one? DC, Mar A Lago, Trump Tower, Bernardsville? Don't you know we have 4 WH's now............
He's a job creator, I never seen it. He can't work with republicans or president thats what his job supposed to be. Elect someone that will
@SenateDems had 8 years to fix our infrastructure. #youfailed
Does this mean you're admitting the Democrats did absolutely nothing the last 8 years? Looking for guidance from President Trump? Smart!
Chucky has a plan to continue to tear our country apart. Dems can't think on there own without backlash from Chucky and Oboma polose sad sad
If infrastructure is funded by private sources, who will US be indebted to? Who will own U.S. & who among Trump's circle will make billions?
Well why has that not worked over the last 8 years? Well guess is ok for low wage jobs like in fast food that was done in last 8 years
I'm glad U have a plan. Please reveal it and show country how it's better than #trump. #GOP always talked of non-existent plans. Talks cheap
TRUMP campaigned on our infrastructure needing attention why didn't you and Dems do a darn thing about it the last 8 yrs He will get it done
Where is the accounting. One trillion under BHO for infrastructure. Seen stickers on the city busses, still city bus still a rual road Chuck
@IngrahamAngle @larryelder Must be a secret plan!  You kept it quiet for the last 8 years. #cluelessdems
Any Idea you have Schumer should be flushed down the toilet. 20 TRILLION IN DEBT by you're fucking president an anyone should  listen to YOU
Go look in the mirror.  You are obstructing progress chuck.
Get talk is cheap Chuck. Get together with POTUS and work it out
He can spell PLAN.
The Democrats are clearly not for Americans. This continued political bull should stop. Your party is in the toilet.
He is busy violating women.
My guess POTUS is watching FOX to see what he should do.
You are running for President in 2020 right?
Yep those shovel ready jobs really attest to that. #WellDone
That won't mean shit to a nation with no borders when it has been overrun. Chuck you work for the all people but all the people don't want U
No. Reducing taxes drives investment. That creates jobs. Not government, programs which are temporary. Look at the 80s and Reagan's results
Truck once again you're with some moving so therefore I know you're lying. Obviously you're not doing any of this.
if it is anything like the aca, we are doomed. You really showed how your plans work with that one.
The dem plain is take the money and put in there pockets just like they did in the corrupt Obama administration. No work gets completed
Well the fuck happened in the last eight years? I mean really. All of a sudden you have these ideas but didn't give a shit until now?
Pace yourself clown  Chucky! It's going to be a long 8 years!
You dems are pathological liars President Trump has got more done in his first 30 days as president then Obama did in his entire 8 years
Hmm, didn't work for obama?. You are out of a job very soon!
Fighting Canada
Too spending millions going to Mar a Lago, golfing and eating chocolate cake!
what promises has Trump broken?? Right, None. He Could get more done if you helped.
Never help a con man.
mmm...guess that is BHO didn't do anything that wasn't on of his own agenda? #ridiculous
8 Years of Obama Administration and infrastructure was fixed by his massive shovel-ready jobs bill. Not Really!
Hate to beg but would you PLEASE DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS NOW!
Dems like Chuck want the drugs to come into the US that creates gov jobs. 
The dead are someone else's problem
You're only plan is to obstructive. Give it up Chuckie
It wasn't for Obama
POTUS believes that all of these executive orders he is signing is his way of showing that he is doing something presidential. What a joke!
Don't worry snowflake.. Some of the infrastructure bill is for new safe spaces with cocoa and crayons.... Your welcome!! 
#maga
Depends on what your plan is and why don't you try for once instead of making it look like you are the good guy
How'd that shovel ready shit work for America when Obummer tried it
You had Obama for 8 years, where was he?
