We do NOT want the government in healthcare! the #ACA has destroyed our country.  #RepealAndReplace #MAGA
I do. I don't want to be forced to buy insurance from price gougers.  Why don't I have the freedom to buy Medicare? It's cheaper and better.
Interesting... but not feasible.. socialism only works if everyone participates
Communism is the end goal of socialism... is that what you want?
Every country-even ours-is already a Democratic Socialist country.There are only 2 communist countries left. Take a political science class.
Ours is, presently, though not if the Soros "Democrats" get their way, a Democratic Republic.
This is what corporate think tanks create to get the working class to vote against itself.Soros gives to Dems,just like Kohk gives to Reps
The Koch Bros are businessmen looking to support ideas best for their business.Soros hedged his funds against the survival of this Republic.
Very rich to hear you this morning tell lie after lie.Ocare passed by changing rules & with no Repub votes, so don't lecture us!
The ACA did not pass by changing rules.  It passed via budget reconciliation, the exact same method the GOP tried to use this time.
And to be fair,it passed via reconciliation cause said it was not a tax. But SCOTUS said it was which makes reconciliation an illegal vote.
Uh..I don't think so.  Reconciliation has little to with taxes and more to do with not increasing spending.  http://www.taxpolicycenter.org/briefing-book/what-reconciliation … #Next
It allows spending of taxes, but not the creation of new taxes.
Simply not true.  I think you'd be hard pressed to find evidence of your claim.  It has to to with spending and revenue...not taxes.
True, spending with existing revenue, not creating new revenue.
"New revenue" in the context of reconciliation does not appear to be a thing.  https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-budget/introduction-to-budget-reconciliation …
u stated republicans need to bring their plan to the floor,to the public and to a vote as it has for 100 years.Why did Obamacare not do that
BTW--the ACA was a HERITAGE FOUNDATION plan.  Your representatives don't even support their own plan!
No.... where did you hear that?
CNN?
IN 1993,The HEART bill by Lincoln Chaffee and Bob Dole introduced a very similar plan; with mandates and exchanges.
YOU ARE A LIAR! KEEP YOUR DOCTOR YOU SAID! DEDUCTIBLE WILL NOT GO UP YOU SAID! LIES LIES LIES LIES GET YOUR ASS IN THERE & REPEAL OBAMACARE
The Dems were invited to the table but refused to participate.Nancy Pelosi said she couldn't work with Pres Trump.
Hey chuck. You Dems could pass a bill to fund transgender surgery abd abortion but you can't figure out how to fund healthcare! PATHETIC
GOP been running theirs mouths for 7 years had a chance and you also failed
So I see your excited about your party of scummy leaders . They had no problem funding a bill to have transgender surgery but not healthcare
Not their call anymore. Buddy 
It was their call. Obama pushed hard for transgender bathroom and operation. The Dems supported it all. Pathetic and crooked
WIN for the OBSTRUCTIONIST JOIN US! You too can play a part in bringing America down. "Ask not what you can do but rather what you won't".
Its so funny to listen to you beg GOP to work with Dems on healthcare After you cry babies have been freaking out about replacing Obamacare
Speaking on the floor, u said the 'door' is open to discuss healthcare.  It sure as heck was NOT open 4 GOP when you forced Obamacare on us
Advocating fearlessly for my patients. If you can't do anything but deliver ridiculous speeches full of lies then you need to step aside.
You should be fired for not doing your job.That's what happens to the rest of us.If you can't work together u need to resign.
The democrats need to define the word wealthy.
Because middle-class is footing the bill for the Obama Care.
And the Dems robbed Medicare to destroy our healthcare system.
Stop ur scare tactics please!
64 followers, 888 tweets? Baby Russian troll to block!
They are acting like idiots.
What's next is that you stay with your Obamacare as it fails the people you claim to support
You need to stand down chuck schumer for 15 consecutive years the democrats have done NOTHING contributing to forward progress period.
Again get off your lazy ass and submit something. To date I have seen nothing from you dems except obstruct and resist
REPEAL OBAMACARE & START OVER NOW! ENOUGH BS! #RepealObamacare
Please help us.. the working poor, the single moms, the vets... don't let Trump kill Obamacare.
Socialism is for those who want a mommy/Santa Claus government to take care of them and tell them what to do and think ... weak cowards
Gov must link huge profit$ that insurers already get from Medicaid/Medicare to participation in Obamacare
Give people Medicare @ age 62 instead of 65 more would retire early thus leaving more jobs 4 younger folk #ExpandMedicareToo
#SocialSecurity
Well your plans of calling the disatrous falling apart UNSUSTAINABLE Obamacare- TrumpCare are diminished!
@POTUS @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
What else? Repeal the disatrous,falling apart UNSUSTAINABLE Obamacare! American taxpayers are sick&tired of the abuse of power in OUR GOV'T!




#DemocraticPropaganda #DumpDEMS
Thank you for leading the Dems. there so skillfully.
Working with the 3 GOP senators who helped kill it to fix #Healthcare
Wait, so the GOP saved 20 million people from certain death?
NY Voter abroad thankful for your tireless efforts on behalf of Americans who really need health care. Time for leading bipartisan effort
What have you done in the last 7 years to fix Obamacare?  You are lazy & gutless.  Calling on concerned citizens to fight for  TERM LIMITS!!
for President 2020 
I was a democratic until you&  Mr Obama harmed my family in 2010 with Obamacare so save all your drama you and yours are heartless elites
TRUE OR FALSE-THE REPUBLICANS ARE THE PARTY OF THE KKK- SEE ANSWER: Carol Swain interview with Dinesh https://youtu.be/E4_wqwbLeh4    via @YouTube
Senator! You have no clue what bipartisan is. U want it all ur way or no way. Control freak!
We have heard enough from you! It is our turn. Sit down and shut up
Medicare for all, Chuck. That's what's next.
You have turned against what is good for our country. ObamaCare is your failure. You are a failure; an obstructionist failure. Resign.
I have 2 ask the #Dems,R U with these CEOs,OR U with us? So Far UR showing U W/Them! #SinglePayerNow Or Lose #Elections,UR Choice!
DemoCRAPs R empty.  Just like BHO was an empty suit. If ppl don't want more GOP wins, better vote for every Green/Ind cand on the ballot
I love the Dems #SinglePayer plan! Oh Wait U guys have Nothing! #SinglePayerNow OR keep losing #Elections & No more Cheating!

Not good enough. We want #singlepayernow. We deserve an #NHSforUSA. #MedicareForAll @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @SenateDems @DNC @SenSanders
Just another empty suit. You're a joke, Chuckles.
Shown your true colors there chucky. The American people know who you are really working for !
You screwed it up. We will fix it. Stop stumping. You aren't fooling anyone with your righteous indignation. U DID NOTHING FOR EIGHT YEARS.
Are Dems pushing/hoping/cheering for the worse possible outcome for Americans? They will only vote extra $ for Ocare.
Hope they let your Obamacare implode. Then maybe when people die..your mantra, you can figure out the next step. I don't want to bail it out
Chuck you said you will have something ready.... what had happened??
You mean to tell me you don't know what's next?????
# LET it DIE 2018 these politicians come into the office as middle classAmerican financially and  know millionaires how is that possible
Not everybody has FB, Sen. Schumer.
You are so proud about spending America into oblivion. You won't be around when our kids have to pay up.
Are you on Obama Care? How much do you pay? Stop talking about something you are not even on.
Fucking boob
Your #resignation
I'm beginning to think the whole healthcare thing is a scam against Americans.
You own it until it self implodes. So be ready to get your phone line flooded with calls from people who cannot pay for insurance.

We need to repeal Obama Care talk about a peace of junk, then we need to replace you.
Who cares bill is gone, dems owns Obamacare, let it fail.
Somebody needs to save the middle class from Obamacare!
U Dems gave us this crap, now live with it. You Dems have no ideas, just more entitlements which got us here in the first place.Pathetic Dem
No free health care

Save your breath. No one want to hear you bloviate. No solution Chuck
Your obstructionist ways will not be forgotten.  You are The Swamp.  History will not look kindly on you or your party.
How can u celebrate the failure of this bill?obamcare has collapsed thanks to ur dems.ppl r suffering! Ur evil & a liar
Your words were eloquent and uniting as usual . Thank you Senator !
Term limits!! Shame on you Senator proud Navy veteran not so proud of our  New York Senators new leadership needed new idea Work FOR US !!!
Thank you for fighting against such a nefarious bill!
#obstruct #nosolutions #schumersucks
What more obstruction from Dems. What a surprise
You don't care bout any agenda but yours alone. And sidekick Pelosi. You two need replacement
Not anything you bargained for or the voters! You want us to pay the insurrance co money
Looks like the Dems own NObamacare now. Good luck as this disastrous law collapses.

I want your step with the Republicans
As I remember, it took U & Obama almost 2 yrs 2 get Obama Care & we had 2 pass the bill 2 see what's in it? @TheDemocrats @SenateGOP @POTUS
I just listened to your "holding the door open speach".  You are such a snake, all you have done is resist. People dont buy your B.S.
It was Dems who shoveled ACA down our throats. This horrid law has failed. You've got some nerve to blame the GOP & POTUS. You are shameless
You should have let this bill pass. The majority is fighting for a full repeal & will get it. It's the only reason it has failed so far.
What's coming next is a total obamacare failure. Designed that way from the start
Something else you want to obstruct to screw over Middle America? #drainingtheswamp of creatures like Chuck
Whats next is you will have to meet in the middle or lose out in 2018 chucky because now the pressure is on DEMS.
It's like this Chucky, the people think this issue is about healthcare, when it's really about which party gets to steal the most $$$$$$
Because the AmericaLastDemocrats want to destroy this country. Bankrupt it. Venezuela here we come.
What's next should be a long vacation or a timeout from DC politics
Alert: Schumer can be ashamed that he cares nothing to help the thousands of his own voters who will suffer under the failed Obama Care
Obamacare continues the downward spiral. Watch
Don't believe the hype. gop won't give up their campaign $$$ depend on it passing
Chuck you should be ashamed of yourself for not helping @realDonaldTrump - all you do is cry and complain and drag your feet
Obstructionist. When the swamp is drained you need to go down the drain as well.
Because republicans don't have any back bone!
Let Obamacare continue to implode - you might then have incentive to fix the mess you all have put Americans in!
@GOP poisoned #Obamacare and now own it. A straight repeal will be disastrous and spell out the end of your 2018 chances
You need to speak to the American people and spell out what you and the Dems would like to do to improve Obamacare.
Obamacare must be repealed. Let the free market offer replacements.
What a failure you are hanging on the senate the swamp needs drained all the way not only are you failing the American people the world
Looks on to the division of our country with weary eyes. You Mr schumer are undermining our democracy and your constituents should notice
He is so Fake!
Dont blink Chuck or you will miss the next step.
How do people like you keep getting voted in
Thank you so much Chuck, we admire you as we watch your stern commitment  to making the right changes, for the right reasons!
You don't have to worry about health insurance,you cut out an exception for thr Senate. What about us? YOU only care about yourselfs
Let Obama care crash and burn! What politicians deserve
Good get rid of that disaster and get government out of health care
Schumer u got to hold back jumping 4 joy while Obamacare breaks my savings
U don't decide what's next, u sit in the corner and wait. If u want to help, offer to meet with GOP to create a brand new system that works!
Trump voters will repeal and replace Republicans in 2018. MAGA 
What a pitiful US Senator you are you are there to help not be a Ass try to be someone to be proud of and not a joke
If MSM would give us the truth instead of their BS opinions we wouldn't have to go to social media to figure out what is going on 
What's next, America will cry for insurance and they will bring theirs back
WE read the story about foreign  Dr.s who have their job at the hospital because parents are in the foreign-arms business, Hospital slanted
No ACA Repeal!!!!
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy Pence Ryan' McConnell ++++

Repeal, don't replace. You'll never get it right.
Have you ever worked a labor job?Lived next door to welfare recipients? Seen the government waste? Taxpayers see it every day. We are mad...
Well, I'm sure Obamacare will turn itself around... otherwise Dems would have nvr passed it with out a single Rebuplican vote.
You and other Democrats do not care about the American people. Quit fighting with the Republican & start working together for the people NOW
You have not wanted to work with the GOP at least be honest. You've been all about obstructing and resisting!!!
ur stmt is disingenuous & untrue, u are on record 4 not participating in the bill from the beginning b4 it was introduced @potus @TEN_GOP
Screw you Schumer, it was the Democraps who got this mess started.
Repeal Obamacare. Expand Medicaid. You shouldn't be making laws for Americans that you do not follow yourself.
Let Obama go belly up. Then the dems will get off there lazy aaaas. People of the dems will get it when it hurts in their pocket. Tuff love
Why are you not trying to fix ACA Chuckie
Medicare for all
Dont gloat Chuck. I hope the Republicans abolish the Filibuster and cut you obstructionists of everything. You deserve it!

Do you really believe half the crap you say? If so get help!!!!!!
Why don't you stop tweeting and actually do your job of repealing the miserable barry healthcare screwup that you voted for but didn't read
PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICKPRICK PRICK
PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK PRICK
What's next is more of the same. Congress screws the American people.
The republicans shouldn't be allowed to threaten a vote every 2 weeks. They're mind-f*cking Americans. There should be a waiting period.
Do you just want America to fail? Actions speak loudly! Obstruct and resist! You have no platform but hate of America!
made into better quality for all Americans. Can be protected from anyone ever molesting the ACA  again. SAVE OUR ACA. SAVE MY LIFE.
We would like to legislate a bill, or law or something that protects our ACA from ever being molested again but instead can only be
Well you got what you wished for. Now explain this to constituents. Was full repeal your end game or did you over shoot your mark
The Democratic Party- all obstruction and no leadership!  What a bunch of clowns!
I want to know-in all the talk about giving us "choice"-we don't get to choose a gov't plan? Why are we FORCED to buy for profit insurance?
Who on earth likes what Schumer had to say?U r either brain dead or so brainwashed that u no longer think 4 yourself.Better get deprogrammed
#healthcare Remember what happened in the House? Everyone relaxed and they got it through. This Senate turkey isnt done yet!
Where's your plan to fix ACA? We want to see it!
so much "winning" under Trump - i don't know if our country can handle much more....
That's what the Dems did by lying to the American people.Shame on you for not doing your job!!! I am a retired RN that worked tirelessly
Keep the heat on Senator. I know one of my senators has your back....@SenBobCasey. The other is a traitor to the people of PA.
Shame on you Schumer ! You do not care about the Republican Americans who need health care and are just stuck with a FAT FINE ! 
The Dems have done irreparable harm to our healthcare system and many people have suffered as a result and some Jane died without care.
The Powell doctrine applies here. If @SenateGOP break healthcare let them fix it. DO NOT HELP THEM IF THEY REPEAL!
Ps.its Not Trump care !It's for all people !Not like obama care that leaves me and my family out because we can't afford it except a fine!
@SenSchumer Good Job! Now we need to be more public with @TheDemocrats @SenateDems solutions! More public statements about bipartisan work!
They don't have a solution! They just want to point the finger! So tired of politicians
