Pls Add "no tax reform until Trump releases his tax returns (5 yrs worth)"
Excuse my language, How fuck*ng long is his audit gonna take!
He's lying, he hasn't pd taxes, so he won't let anyone see this.
His progress 
The "Ban"
Healthcare
Tax Reform
Jobs
Th "Wall",now a fence
Th billions, outsourced abroad
DACA?
I agree to disagree
Take time, do th research. President Obama inherited th Bush "mess".
He saved th country from certain Depression. You've been BRAINWASHED
W/O disrespect. You couldn't have done your research that quickly
It was Hillary being discussed, although, she got a lot more votes (1)
Then why are you DESTROYING US middle class families overseas? Just b/c they found work/love abroad they must be punished? Stop citizen tax.
How can we believe in your tax relief when you helped to cause national debt to double and harm economy?
When corporations and the 1% don't pay taxes on their millions and billions the rest of us don't make enough to make up the difference!
You do realize that the top 5% pay 70% of all taxes? And that some 45% pay no taxes?
The 1% ???
There is a double taxation as well as a small business issue. All tax regulation needs improvement.   ^..^
What i know is the 1% gets more tax breaks than any other portion of the tax base. I know that working class people pay 28 to 35% taxes
I would suggest it's time you do more research than 30 second soundbites
Only room for 140 letters! Shouldn't take more than 30 seconds...
Thanks Chuck
Schmuckie never saw a tax he didn't like and want to increase. Stop spending and pass a FLAT or FAIR tax. All else is just more corruption.
Uh, Schmuckie, maybe you need to actually see who pays taxes and who doesn't.
If you want to give the middle class some relief, sponsor the medicare for all bill. Mid terms are coming up NY'ers need someone who reps us
Mr Schumer. I may agree with that. However, providing incentives to the1% to hire more people, should be part of the discussion.
In a country where we value equality under the law, tax relief should be available to ALL earners, not just the few chosen by politicians.
Start Here: Every Tax Paying Entity(Excluding first 50K) pays the say % of their gross income, period.  Negotiate for there.  Tired of the..
Right that is why NOTHING we voted being done you Dems sit  on your butts being like children don't give crap about Americans just illegals
Chuck- we need a tax deduction 4 #parentplus loans. We sacrificed & invested to make tax paying educated kids. We did our part. Do yours!
Fair Tax is what is needed. Everyone pays fair share, poor to rich. Keeps Politicians out of the pockets of the American Citizen.
This is where you get it wrong. The 1% keeps more of WHAT IS THEIRS!! ITS NOT YOURS CHUCKY!!
Where was your concern for he middle class when Obama was decimating them for 8 years?  Hypocrite
Save tax dollars by supporting @RandPaul amendment
50% top bracket progs=
Party Unity
The greater impact is that estate tax repeal will actually INCREASE taxes on inherited assets when sold. No step up in basis.
#NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReform
The death tax. Inheritance tax. Money that already has been taxed...Democrats want double taxation. Simply not fair.
I'll believe it when I see it!! I no longer trust my #GOVT!
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled to long in office
Oh and while your at it please have @POTUS & @FLOTUS release their taxes!  The US would love to see what their hiding!!!
Keep helping us....we need a lot of help!
The wealthiest 1% pay a far greater proportion than everyone else. EVERYONE should pay something.
Blah blah blah. That's why you employ no one, failed economics, and work for me.
That's is why the "middle" class voted for TRUMP, cuz ur party panders to "no" class & forgot who's footing the bill. Americans weren't 1st
That's the joke of the year u have never promoted a tax relief 4 middle class u don't even know who the middle class is America he is lying
A single mother with 3 kids who paid 200.00 of federal tax can get $8,000 from govt - STOP THIS, Must be part of reform, WRONG
Tax cuts are tax cuts are tax cuts. If all percentages are brought down then everyone gets a cut. I think "everyone" includes middle class.
An elected official CAN'T be this STUPID!
Income taxes are theft. Stop stealing from both the middle class and the one percent
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayerNow
From middle class: we do NOT think wealthy should be punished (good for them) work, everybody pays the same %, stop trying to redistribute
Parading as sn economist now. What a hoot!
really? why dont you reduce taxes for seniors and cut road and bridge  tolls so the middle class gets relief?
fuck, chuck.  answer your phone in DC so I can urge you to support #Medicare4All .  I'm a New Yorker.  Walk the walk.
let's cut taxes for all and let's have those that don't pay taxes get some skin in the game.
I don't think that's what Don the Con and the GOP grifters have in mind.
Every penny everyone pays is their money taken by YOU!!!Pull your head out chuckles.When the top 1% pay 90% of the taxes they need a break 2
Tax relief? How many people in the middle class actually have to pay in April 15th
You mean more obstruction so  NOBODY IN  AMERICA GETS A TAX BREAK WHY DO DEMOCRATS DO THIS TO HARD WORKING AMERICANS
Yeah just like you've done for the past three decades. You're so full of it. You're only fighting to stay in power. #TermLimits
Then repeal Obama Care the largest Dem tax increase ever!!
No, you will spend it on pork! Oink oink
And don't you dare make a deal on trading DACA for the wall.
Thank you!
Yeah, and middle class will be defined just like it was for the free NYS college program.
Include tax cuts for middle class that actually pay fed taxes:  otherwise it is a giveaway with other people's money
Where were you for the past 8 years.  O that's right you wanted to increase taxes for the previous pres
I really do not believe you nor your buddies. Play games is your best thing to do.  Don't understand you people.
Senator Schumer, don't be so selfish. Everyone should get tax relief including the wealthy.
Your plan has never worked!
That simply is not true. Middle class people worked for what they have and when they die they are taxed again on what they have already been
Right on!
Chuck, let's take a step back. Before tax relief for us, return of our stolen pensions would help WNY economy by $151M/yr. DO UR JOB!
That's right chuckykeep trying to divide the classes just start a war why don't you.
@POTUS is fighting for middle & low class too! Are you delusional!
Only till you keep your job
So in other words you think your constituents in NY should stay suffocated with taxes? $250k in NY is $100k in Iowa. All income isn't equal.
Read   this  very  slowly
This really says it very well.
Sure you are Chuck. You being a life long politicians. You haven't accomplished much. ALL TALK with NO ACTION to suport your RHETORIC. SHAME
Exactly...trickle down doesn't work for the working classes!!!  Tax overhaul needs to be aimed at the true job creators...consumers!!!
Thank you Chuck!
Not one penny should go to people who did not earn it.
More like #NotOnePenny going to reduce our 20 trillion in debt, right Senator?
We don't believe you you've been screwing our country for over a decade
Where was the middle class tax relief over the last 8 yrs. #MAGA
O  you forget Obama wanted to destroy America 
I won't forget. Fundamentally Transform is code for Destroy. #MAGA
K
You sound like a Russian Labor Party communist ask Jay Z if he was handed anything in order to b a billionaire or if only rich love him
Lies all lies anything you say is lies!!
Increase top tax rates; no taxes for those making $100K or less. That'ill grow the economy as that money will be spent and boost the economy
Then cut our income tax across the board! Can't do that, you'd have to stop spending like a drunken sailor

You have never done anything for the middle class, and more welfare and food stamps don't count.
Spoken like a true upper .5%er Dems dont care about the middle class if they did the middle class would be the upper class by now
We believe You Chuck! ? Lmfao!  Why not end your obamacare exemption?  Taxpayers shouldn't pay for your healthcare!
Take all the rich peoples money! They have too much. Give it to the poor people.
Will think bout this when you & other Dems taxes are at 100% and you do not take any gov. salary if you are worth over $500,000
You have a better chance of seeing God.
SCHUMER YOU ARE PISSING IN THE WIND AND YOU KNOW IT, YOU SOUND A LOT LIKE LITTLE RUBIO.
Thank you. The middle class money drives more demand thus more jobs. Trickle down never worked.
What about the middle class individual? What do you consider the middle class? Do you take into consideration cost of living per state?
Tax the rich to their knees.
A typical comment from a Progressive Socialist. You got Trump elected and will get him reelected in 2020. Increase incomes by work.   ^..^
Why don't you fight for Tax Relief for New York state !
And not one penny should go to the lazy.
400 million would have helped the middle class!
You've had 20 years to do that Chuck. Why should we believe you now? #TermLimits
Maybe YOU should have done something to prevent obama from giving over 400 MILLION OF OUR TAX DOLLARS TO IRAN FOR INTEREST!
Trump ran for president to cut taxes to the 1%. Not that he has paid any, he just doesn't want to go to prison for tax evasion.
Just get something done. You guys don't do anything except argue. Can you please do something for the people.
You're wrong!  Not one penny for illegal aliens!! Get it straight! #resign
Increase taxes on those earning above $1m per year as well. Preserve the estate tax.
It's still #NotYourPenny
Tax the earners once, then tax their estate again, stop expecting the top earners to subsidize govt spending. Balance the books!
Well u better get your ppl on your side
You're not giving any $ to top 1%, they earned it themselves. Clueless govt just keeps trying to increase taxes on those who pay the most.
Hey chuck, why didn't you do this when dems had super majority in obamas first couple of years. Let's hear a truthful answer
It's pathetic how socialist Dems are fighting AGAINST lower taxes for hard working Americans. Shameful. #VoteRepublican2018

The poor and middle class are paying the rich taxes. Have been..loopholes going to 1%. But the middle class and poor none.
Not one Penny should go to illegal aliens or DaCA!  They r stealing middle class jobs n tax dollars! Enuff!
Thanks! Millions of us could use some of that.
We have a President who is only concerned with short term gains of the 1%, not the American people, not the Planet.
Yep didn't worry about taxes goin up under Obama did ya  Chuck?
Hey Chuck. Middle Class is 150,000-200,000 a year. Don't forget the 70% of America who makes well below that. Thank you.
Hey chuck, you do know a tax break for the rich is a middle class tax break right?
Ok chuck. You get no tax breaks and neither do any of your http://friends.like  Obama
Hope those 3 Dems having dinner with Trump tonight are too??
RIDICULOUS talking points !! Who pays for them AND the No income? Even your millions in kickbacks is not enough
SENATOR JUST SHOW AND PROVE TO GOD YOU CARE ABOUT THIS WORLD OUR HOME AND THE FUTURE! REMEMBER A 50 %'EFFORTS GOD WILL DO 101% EFFORT !
Estate taxes are wrong. They affect more people than you think. Small businesses are the most effected.
What do you consider top 1% does include business that are family owned
Thx. While you're at it, universal healthcare, a right rather than a privilege, helps the 99%, too. No incrementalism, no qualifiers.
YOUR ONLY ONE VOTE IN THE SENATE SO SHUT THE HELL UP AND READ THE TAX BILL BEFORE MOUTHING OFF
SENATOR I HAVE HELPED TO SHOW THE WAY I STILL AM HELPING! GOD HELPS THOSE WHO HELP THEMSELVES!
What about the financial discrimination faced with in our family court system
SENATOR AT THE SAME TIME INVEST IN ELETRIC FUELING STATIONS! AT WHAT COST!
SENATOR ALL THESE HURRICANES AT WHAT COST? IF WE GIVE SUBSIDIES TO CAR COMPANIES TO CHANGE ONLY ENGINE WHAT WILL IT COST?
Dems getting on board with POTUS. RINOs had it all. They just had to put America first but couldn't do it. Now they will lose their jobs.
UNDERSTAND GOD HE IS A PARENT !NO PARENT TRULLY HARMS HIS CHILDREN !GOD WANTS US TO MOVE ON  INTO THE FUTURE GOD SAID BE FRUITFUL AND MULTIP
How about a damn FLAT TAX
GOD COULD ALTER GLOBAL WARMING ! BUT WE WILL STILL DO THE SAME! TELL ME A PARENT HOW DOES HE TEACH HIS CHILDREN ?MOST LEARN THE HARD WAY!
Are you with @SenSanders in supporting Medicare for All?
You know damn well, Senator WallSt isn't.
Ahhhhh! Identity politics! AGAIN!
Since when have you gave a damn? Your state is the first to live and retire in!! WTF have you done for your state except tax us?
Corporate tax breaks should B based on employment numbers, wages/benefits, investments & restraints of automation!
Really good idea!!!
Been suggesting this 4 a while-Unfortunately, No ones listening. Until their favorite politician or pundit suggests it.
Then tax investment incomes
Its the 1% who create jobs for the middle class.
Wake up and quit creating this mindless class warfare!
What koolaid do you drink?
Schumer you have been screwing the middle class your whole career and helping the bottom with freebies and the top 1 percent who pay you off
you weakened social security with the tax holliday
Aren't you in that 1%?  PRESIDENT TRUMP pays 25+ % in taxes, what do you pay? What about killary or bernie or maxine?
Sir! Stop creating class watfare and just do right by the American people!
The tax reform bill gives to the 1%. Trickle down has been tried 3 times.
IT DIDN'T WORK THEN AND IT WON'T WORK NOW!!!
NOT TRUE! The best economy I have witnessed was under Ronald Reagan which the liberals nicknamed "Trickle down economics".
You need further research...
I lived it! No further research needed.
I lived all of it when trickle down did not work as huge profits made for CORPORATIONS: CEO'$ MILLIONS
WORKERS-ZIP JOBS GONE OVERSEAS....
Sorry, it didn't work for you. Best economic times in my life! CARTER DESTROYED AMERICA! Gas lines, weak military, no jobs.
Reagan fixed it.
Like I said you need to research..
What is it with you and the 1%?  Don't a majority of the 1% support you and your socialist economy?  Something to think about;)
The top 1% pays the most In taxes now. I think you should be paying more, you get to much money & benefits as it is
We need to rethink tax structure to help poor and middle class.  Trickle down has not worked and has created huge disparity in this country.
Why now. What have u been doing all these yrs. Your tax and spend agenda is coming to an end. Your days r numbered Chuck.
I need a vacation
Tax cuts should be for ALL
I don't understand Sir, you are elected in 1998. twenty years ago, what did you do?. You are the swamp.
As a middle class taxpayer I think too much of my money goes to your salary and all of the others in congress.
Which mansion are you tweeting from?  Same old broken record there Chuckie.
Liar.
Nothing you have ever done has helped the middle class
Come on Chuck
Pass the Dream Act! It is number one priority!  #Dreamers NOT criminals!
How about the American people act. Working people and vets first. Then others.
...and legal immigrants.
Dreamers have been waiting for 16 years for comprehensive immigration reform which never happened. They can't wait any longer!
There is immigration laws on the books now. No need to make new ones. Just enforce the law.
Found the clowns replacement..
Me too! 
Why didn't you fight for this when Obama was president? Because you don't care! You are a fraud, a liar & a hypocrite!
Thank you Senator Schumer we are middle class, we pay taxes and we are with you! #NotOnePenny
I'm fighting to make sure you and your kind go away for ever. #TermLimits
 you betcha Cryin Chuck #DemocraticClown #Socialist #Communist
All you're " fighting " for is downfall of our country
You never fought for the middle class on you life and yo know it. You also have never told the complete truth.
Please push for daycare expense relief for single & working parents.It's a huge expense that we ALL face if we want  of capable ppl working
This will only increase your taxes. Someone had to pay.nhow about finding a way to make it more affordable. Look to the states to do.
The estate tax is immoral. It's not your money to spend. It's not the community's money. Someone earned it and has every right to keep it.
It's double taxing. Unconstitutional. Don't care what the corrupt courts say.
Why is there a such thing as a estate tax or death tax anyway? We Democrats do a bad job at explaining..."why". Please do a Presser to...
...why does gov't want more of familes inherited money/land/estate after someone dies. We Democrats shouldnt hold on to every single tax...
Is that the only thing liberals come up with? I guess that's part of the New Deal which sounds like the old deal.
That would be great, it get's old living pay check to pay check at 60 & 63, then having to fork out thousands at the end of the year.
Than u are a fool

Already we pay 44% our country needs growth

And u  cause shrinkage to all mankind
U're clueless how to help the middle class. Hint it helps the mid class to hav jobs. Jobs u drive away with taxes regs hi energy prices.....
Consumers create jobs!!! Tax us less and you will see greater economic growth. Tax businesses and owners less and they hold on to the money.
Some might others will invest their money to make more money but giving us products we consumers want that creates jobs in the process
$20,000,000,000,000 
Sen Schumer: why haven't you co-sponsored @BernieSanders #Medicare4All bill? It's the right thing to do. Time for Dems to unite
We of course have money for that , spend spend spend , liberal motto
Chuck u r a socialist pig and you suck. Please go far far away from USA
The middle class is getting the biggest cut! And many loopholes elitists like you use will be removed!
Really, it has to go to them, so they can give us raises and share the wealth, plus hire more people.
The tax reform bill gives to the 1%. Trickle down has been tried 3 times.
IT DIDN'T WORK THEN AND IT WON'T WORK NOW!!!
@SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr will never allow that to happen.
That's not how it works.  Take care of us. Don't obstruct.
Can we stop wasting billions on Israel?
And every where else. Iran, India, u name it we give our tax $ to for free. Why?
Because American citizens are the only people on the planet without influence over American politicians.
Very true, and very sad. We need.to take back this country.
YES, and please stay with that position throughout.
How about closing all.the loop holes the top.1% use to hide their $. He doesn't talk about that. And he won't.
STOP OBSTRUCTING Chuck!!
Keep up the Good Fight We're with you.

Such a simple solution.  And some people complain about "complicated tax codes" and "complicated finances."
Then you won't win it. You can't punish top 1% without affecting others.
Hats off to you, Chuck, For getting that deal done the other week, You made Mcconell and Ryan look like dumb & dumber.
Sure. Let's see how this goes.
