How about getting the rest of the cabinet confirmed?
He needs to nominate them first. The Ambassadors he mentioned in his tweet tantrum today are *Appointments*, he knows that.
And there are only 2 in the pipeline, both nominated just last month.  And Rs are in charge of scheduling conf. hearings not Ds.
What difference does it make? Every nominee has been held up by Dems that are proud to be called 'obstructionists'. Very patriotic, chuck.
U can't hijack infrastructure. Dems had their chance with "ready to dig" and u failed. Not a dem message any more, Trump's now.
How you going to pay for it Chuckie?
Is this one as good as Obama's "shovel ready" jobs in his "stimulus" package.  Only thing that got stimulated was donor's pockets @POTUS
Again with the not paying attention .Your glasses don't work and your hearing aids need new batteries I didn't vote from the guy but come on
How long have you been a senator and what have you done?
didnt #obama promise that #stimulus  #strawmen democrats are famous for
A trillion here, a trillion there. Pretty soon you're talking about real money. Something Dems spend like it's not theirs. And it's not.
We heard that all before....Billions of $'s WASTED on infrastructure plan that was, in reality, payola for Obama's supporters. #DemocratPloy
Obama did a great stimulus plan. SOLYNDRA. great deal
Nobody ever uttered "infrastructure" until Pres Trump made it a goal.  You have a lot of nerve, claiming a Dem accomplishment.
Good, so you do have some common ground w/ the Trump. Now get to work to actually get infrastructure done, unlike the "ready to dig prog".
You can't hand 50% of America freebies and then expect them to work, Chuckles.
Trump must have inspired you to do something needed 8 years ago.
You had 8 years to do it and you did nothing. Now you are just talking smack!
Why have you stalled these tjings? Not getting a cut of the money...TRAITOR
Same real $847 Billion plan that created all of those not so shovel ready jobs in 2009?
Hey, and make sure you protect the failing schools not giving inner city kids a chance in life, u hypocrite! Follow the money, NEA=dumocRATs
Hey maybe stop blocking trump appointees, you stinking hacks. Then u complain. Nothing but a bunch of empty do nothing suits.
Why isn't there a dislike button?
@POTUS would rather sell our infrastructure to the Saudis. Air Traffic Control, Roads & Bridges, Energy...what could go wrong?
#fakenews
Our infrastructure crumbled under your watch, with all due respect. The Obama stimulus was wasted to donors.
#MAGA #Draintheswamp
BS - if u will remember several states that needed the funds said they didn't want them, those that took them used them effectively.
All $$ was wasted - what do we have to show for it? Please show one solid example of $1T in infrastructure spending by Obama admin
Please - u forget what the economy was like when Obama took office, and if u saw nothing at all then u r just closed to the truth. Research!
Dems want a $2 dollar gas tax!!!
One like Obama's trillion dollar shovel ready program? Money went to unions and he joked"I guess there were not many jobs ready"
Stop outsourcing American jobs.  Stop allowing countries lesser quidelines/requirements to take our jobs ... you're the great avoider !!!!
Oh yes, the very infrastructure your lot ignored under Obama, yeah? What did you do with the money added to the deficit?
You had 8 years to do it before. Dems have no credibity, no leadership and your party is in shambles. You couldn't run a Lemonade stand Lmao
I'm sure the 1 trillion would find its way to dumocrat hack supporters, like SOLYNDRA  hmmm, where is,that mill. Dollar company now
You mean to pocket $1 trillion
the plan. All democrats will start doing construction work. That way you can earn your paycheck and feel what it's like to really pay taxes
I'm so embarrassed that you are my senator.
@AJ_9342 @SenateDems we see through the corruption spend a bunch of money before your people are out
Hahahahahah  !!
Why haven't you and the rest of government not done this I'm the last 8 years? Pot calling the kettle black
Um what happened to solutions under Obama?  Now you have all the answers!
It's not going to happen with this Whitehouse!!
Put your money where your mouth is, and work with the president instead of against him 4 a change. The political BS has got to go.
Would it be like the Obama stimulus package and the "Shovel ready jobs?" They were a total hall of mirrors.
@SenateRPC take whatever they say and do the exact opposite.  They had 8 years to try their ideas.  #RadicalThought try something new
While you're at it can you pls fix the ACA? @CNN @KamalaHarris @SenBobCasey @MSNBC
What have you been doing for the last 8 years except polishing Obama's shoes?
Work together not apart-Make America #United   From the outside looking in it appears we are nearly in a Civil War.
Hi IMPEACHMENT NOW
...put fwd a real, $1 trillion plan that will create jobs...that will actually fix our crumbling infrastructure.
- I'm with her
ok so how r u going to pay for it????
And take great strides to line the pockets of Democrat benefactors with pork barrel.  Yea we've been down this road before................
Yeah, we've been down that road before. The "shovel-ready" jobs that were a big, disgusting joke.... you know just like you Schmucky.
No one cares what the Demodummies put forward. Everything they do is to line their own pockets. Let the President make the deals.
It is much more likely that the "infrastructure plan" will further line Trump and friends pockets. Please do not allow this to happen.
Blah blah blah
Your comments suggest what undisclosed sources have reported infrastructure plan will line family pockets.  Questions comments on Traffic
Sir, what plan did the Dems put together in the  last 8 years, get a grip
Dems did a Trillion dollars waste program on not so ready shovel ready jobs and nothing got done! It was all wasted.
@CNN Let's hope Anderson Cooper takes a big dump on your desk so you have more crap to report on.
For  8 years Obama spend billions to repair roads & bridges, nothing got done, it all when to finance corrupt unions
Well Chuckie,you Dems pissed away 10 trillion & accomplished nothing,but hey whats another trillion for your rich pals !
It 'll be private leaving govt out of it. Which means ON TIME UNDER BUDGET. when is the last time u heard that Chuck U
USA will never get anything of value from Dem Senators.  You had your chances and did absolutely nothing under Reid and now you.
Your obstructionist party needs to stop with your BS and let Trump fix what Obama was busy destroying for the past 8 yrs!
Thank you for including #publichousing in your infrastructure plan SenSchumer!
Another pipe dream from the progressive liberal socialist party!!!
You've had 30+ yrs to address a 50 yr old radar system. Why now? You've never mentioned it before?
Chucky put fwd some help for our president trump just once stop listening to obama and hillary and stand o, your two feet God gave you
Can you tweet a comment about bill Maher
It just started crumbling? Where the heck have you been? WE WANT REFUNDS FOR LIRR!!!!!!!!!
like your health care plan
Why now? You couldn't do this a few years ago? I wouldn't throw a penny at the Dem party after the past year. Keep resisting, the people.
And how much more tax money would you be taking from those that cannot even afford to use their healthcare because of you dems?
Yea like the one you did under obama that accomplished nothing
What about your God Obama?  He put us in debt forever and no jobs.  Please retire
You guys just pissed away a TRILLION and nothing has changed. #draintheswamp
Schumer you r a joke.  Start legislating and stop obstructing.  The people want something done. You are really looking bad.
Sen.,where has this plan been for the last 8 years?  Did the Dems have an epiphany.  Where did all the money go for shovel ready jobs
Was infrastructure crumbling over the last 8 years?  Why didn't you do anything about it?
Where have you all been for the last few decades?
You had the last 8 years tied up, but @BarackObama decided to spend Billions on #Iran!!!
Chuck are you still around? I thought you retired?
Impeached This Treason Trump.
How much is your kickbacks going to be
If you were a Republican you would call it crap.
Please keep moving forward on your plan and do not approve anything that privatizes any US infrastructure. Thank you.
Term limits
Right - like Obamas shovel ready jobs - Nice Try Chuck - we support @POTUS
WHAT IS IT? DID NOT HEAR ABOUT IT?  ANOTHER DEM LIE.....
and 40 billin to save people??? Steinle Shaw??? opps Mils on Wheels???
Oppose Privatization of ATC
Is this your idea of a JOKE? Econ Col Prof
Wow we're privatizing air traffic control isn't that such a radical idea doing so much for roads and bridges!
WHY IS OUR INFRASTRUCTURES CRUMBLING DIDN'T @BarackObama REPAIR AMERICA with OUR $825 Billion taxpayers hard earned$$$?
SOB's
@POTUS @VP
Chucky, for the good of our country - go away
I cry BS

STOP THE BS & SNAP OUT OF IT!
YOU @TheDemocrats LOST THE ELECTIONS, ALL OF THEM! We don't want your Trillion$ plan! WE WANT @POTUS TAXPLAN!
WORK WITH THE REP.AND GET IT DONE.???
And not out in a bunch of toll roads that most people can't afford??!!!
The Democrats do nothing except spew hate and violence in America!
Why didn't you guys do it in the last 8 years?
U fools have a really abysmal record on infrastructure bills. Remember the $1T wasted in 2008/9 on shove ready projects that feed unions?
It'll never pass repub controlled Senate however good. They'd rather ride the trumptrain till it crashes and burns. Which is coming soon.
The only thing the dem party can create is debt, taxes & unemployment Under ur leadership America has fallen into disrepair & more poverty
Hey Chuck what going on in deerborn 
Guess huma, hillary is non of America biz, stick to #thecryinggame #tearsofaclown #antiamerican
I thought you morons in the Democratic Party fixed the infrastructure with the Obama stimulus plan. Shock, were you lying about that.
What a joke, nothing thed @SenateDems SenateDhave ever done has created a job. Didn't we hear this BS  with Shovel ready . #DemsBS
And have the usual inefficiencies of government within it, i.e. four-man crews doing a three-man job because of the labor union rules.
Yes because only Dems proposals work, and you guys lost the House and Senate why?
trillion taxpayer dollars, plan?Like it worked the last 60 yrs!Means 1trillion spent:illegals,refugees,spongesVotes
STOP THE OBSTRUCTION SENATOR GET AMERICA MOVING AGAIN
He has you keep blocking it. STOP LYING SENATOR U R MAKING NEW YORKERS LOOK BAD FOR ELECTING YOU
Stay away from it Chuck. You & Reid Screwed up Obama's Stimulus. Next to No Jobs were Created.It was a Mess/
Chucky, are you nervous about the FBI raids on Humas house in Dearborn Mich last Friday? If they flipped Huma, Dems are in trouble...Bigly!!
I thought you fixed that with the stimulus for shovel ready jobs years ago
Oh, like Penn Station? Ya kinda dropped the ball on that one Chucky!
But that being said you and Andy have made NY the Cadillac of welfare states! For that we would love for the 2 most corrupt politics retire
1 trillion of money the government doesn't have to spend on projects that are constantly over budget?
Thank Goodness there r some adults n th room
Bullshit!  You had 8 years to do something and did nothing!
HOW WOULD YOU KNOW !! YOUR A LOSER DEMOCRAT LOOK AT YOUR WORK IN Detroit  its so sad you see it !! clown ACT
You finally found something you like,jerk
Term limits! You have done absolutely "nothing" but talk Chuck.... you need to be fired !
Schumer, when are you going to learn that when jobs COST money, they are bought, not created. Those jobs are only there till the money dries
Where've you been for the past 8 years?
What about Pres. Trump's deal to sell our infrastructure to the Saudis for$20billion?
Like Hillary sold 20% of our uranium to Russia?
.@FoxNews .@seanhannity @charlesornstein Did either you or Soros discuss.@HilaryClinton Russian Donors or did you help arrange it?
It's going to be a giveaway to special interests, Trumps buddies, and probably his children. Just watch.
Did you submit that plan during the Obama's first term? If not why not? It was surely needed then? You must now want to work with Trump? LOL
.@seanhannity @charlesornstein Did you meet with Soros at anytime to discuss not asking for a SP to investigate.@HilaryClinton?
I don't trust Trump. His plan to privatize air traffic control and infrastructure will be more money for him.
The Dems already had their shot of a $1 trillion plan with Obama but nothing got fixed. Money wasted!
That. Is simply not true.
Like you guys did the last 8 years, right Chuckster the huckster?
It people like u wouldn't still the $$ for your pet projects there be $$ there u 
Why haven't you asked the FBI or the AG to press charges against.@HilaryClinton for lying under oath when she was in front congress?
The answer is easy why you haven't asked for a SP or the FBI 2 investigate Seth's assassination because it would wipe out your Russian lies
no matter what the president puts out you will tell the American people it is the worst thing ever people will die Nobody believes you #LIAR
.@seanhannity .@charlesornstein What do you know about Seth Rich & why haven't you asked 4 a SP or the FBI to investigate his assassination?
THEY EVEN SCREW THEIR OWN (BERNIE SANDERS).
Go back to rock
.@seanhannity @charlesornstein When you met with Soros what was the amount of his "Donations" & was it every meeting or every other meeting?
Plz don't allow this asshole to sell off our country...it's sickening
.#infrastructure  If the Dems came up with it, Trump will toss it. His utter disregard for anyone not a GOP rich, conservative is undeniable
Your ignorance is undeniable
Quit bitchin and stop obstructing!
.@seanhannity .@charlesornstein We need to know how often you met with Soros during the election & were U aware he was paying protesters
DEMS DO NOT KNOW HOW TO CREAT JOBS OTHER THAN USELESS GOVT JOBS...JUST RETIRE ALREADY SCHMUCKY!!!!!!
#MAGA
Since #Demokrats are not willing to work with the @GOP the #GOP is not willing to work with them. What else could you expect? #chuckshumer
Oh, really? Where were you the last 8 years?
Chuckles unemployment is at its lowest. With the new regulation changes bigger and better is to come. get the hell out of the way!
What the hell did you do with the money 8 years ago, Chuckles?
Chucky, what your plan doesn't include is how to pay for it. What govt waste are you going to slash? Spend is the Dems way. How bout SAVE
Thank you Senator Shumer!!!
Thank you for a tweet that contains something relevant to your job as Senator and not just Trump bashing
He just did.  You don't like it because there is not enough waste in it.  It's time to give the taxpayers a break!
.@FoxNews How much money has Soros "Donate" to you since the Russian investigation started? What was the frequency & the amounts?
Just like Obama spend $10 trillion and get nothing. Dems dont know  how to do anything but cry and complain
.@FoxNews  The day before you went on the floor asking for a SP What did either you or .@SenJohnMcCain discuss with Soros about Comey?
What about finished confirmations always complaining and  about people's my PRESIDENT PICK MAKING DRAMA BECAUSE IS NOT DEPROBABLE DEMOCRATS
The crap that comes out of your mouth is as bad as your cousin Amy. Bad stuff.
.@chuckschumer How many times have you & .@SenJohnMcCain meet with Soros   at the same time & what did either of talk about Russia
