President Trump has undercut the great conservation legacy started by Teddy Roosevelt to protect these #MonumentsforAll Americans.
Thank GOD  he's reversing bad decisions of the last 8 years of bho evil fundamental transformation of America
Like clean water and clean air. That's pretty evil. Can you even name factual "evils" ?
U didn't have clean water & air before bho?
And no. If you research the trend, our water and air are at risk. Open your mind to what's beyond Trump. Exxon is our Dept Of State 
Did u see what bho's epa did to river in CO? Detroit water scandal happened on bho's watch.  Open youre mind to FACTS.
Coal waste in drinking water, can I count you as Pro Coal Waste in drinking water? Also the Republican Gov caused the Mich Water problem.
Have u been drinking water with coal waste? Fact: u still have clean air & water.  Fact: bho announced fundamental transformation.
It's not public lands; it's government own restricted lands. We do not need our government in the land management business. Govt is a plague
Why dont you just shut up. No one believes anything you say.
it means the parks will continue to be safe.No land grabs like what happened with Obama
Counting on our elected officials in DC to stop this move!
YOU WANT THE GOVERNMENT TO OWN MORE FEDERAL LAND TO RESTRICT INDUSTRIAL EXPANSION, HAVE MORE CONTROL OF WE THE PEOPLE!
YELLOWSTONE PARK brought to you by Yahoo! CHACE CANYON  (formally Grand Canyon national park). Makes me sick.
Can't u do anything to stop this? Our parks don't belong to him!!
Off what?
Y want t shut the government down because we're not billing out Porto Rico, go right ahead
Bull . Obama stole that land from the states and you know it Chuckles
Stop them. You are our leadership!
oh bs
SHUT DOWN GOV UNTIL FUNDS RECEIVED FOR WALL!
If extraordinary they'll be safe. Only marginal lands will be scuttled.
How much money does the #TrumpCircus & friends stand to make off of the exploitation of that land? It's all about the Benjamins
He probably wants to build a resort there so he can make money.
Again Chucky you're wrong. It's limiting your over reach of Government control. Such has your predecessor did and personally benefited from
Removal of the Confederate Monuments in New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu (D), is testament to the epic ignorance of Political Correctness.
@mokylatn here's an idea, only tweet positive items, if u notice, yours r usually negative,
And you are lying again
So sad that Republicans love MORE money better than our Natl Parks!!  They are shameful!
And make sure you do ur job to fight our parks and other extraordinary places...
Dont sell out our National Monuments -the GOP's latest attack on our #publiclands -puts at risk some of America’s most extraordinary places.
Clean the effen swamp already @POTUS!
This administrstion is illegitimate
And the risk put on so many american Ranchers, Fishers, Farmers was such a great thing that Obama did? Think again if it were your family.
What part of $19 TRILLION debt do you not understand? All you want to do is STEAL my hard earned money to spend on your BS.Time to CUT!
At risk, at risk, at risk. U need a new song. The BHO land grab last year was one of the worst assaults on western land onwership in 50 yrs
@DNC @POTUS DRAIN the SWAMP of this long term boat anchor! He's the Capt Smith of the Liberal Titanic with Pelosi as the night watch.
You don't own those lands Schumer, those are the American people's lands, pay off the debt with them you created!
Mr Schumer, we are waiting for your response; what is the date that you will begin regular community meetings where you get to hear us?
Yes because giving presidents the power to create national monument unilaterally is so in line with having an executive & legislative branch
Where's the check on the executive here?
@OralXpert I'm seeing tRump Towers at Old Faithful.  He wants to destroy EVERYTHING!
The only thing he cares about is how he can personally profit. He'll destroy anything if it'll make him more money. #Impeach45 #resist
Protectionism???!
@FreedomTowerNY 
@billclinton @HillaryClinton 
@SenFeinstein 
@ruthbadergins 

In A nutshell?
The @LGBTfunders have
mail
Why does the federal govt need control of land? The states should administer their own land (not BLM).
@Cathy789 Congress has to protect our public lands!!!
U r probably the most uninformed politician in DC.
I am deeply saddened by this malicious Prez & his disregard of our National Treasures!  Can't Congress STOP him for our Grandkids & beyond?
Or fighting back against big gov land grab
Obama captured land all over US and took it from US citizens for gov't. Democrats never complained. What a hypocritical party policy!
What is your solution to 21 Trillion in debt Chuck . That's right you don't have one and have not had one!
Please Chuck, save our public lands
Give it a break Chuck. You lose. Get over it. You are not doing your job if the only thing you contribute is undermining our country
How can this idiot be stopped?
This must be stopped.  Our national psyche is attacked by so many atrocities under tRump, we cannot tolerate losing  our public lands. 
No it does not Chuck. Tell the truth this is a review at this point, not an attack like you said.
Independent investigation for treason #stopTrump
I don't think so.
He gave land back to the people to enjoy you troll.? This is our land not three Governments. It is time you get on board this train.
Don't tell us...we know it! STOP HIM! Come on!
Gee, you're a funny guy Chuck!
Well when dems can muster up the courage to stand with the American people instead of every illegal alien that shows up then we can talk
He has no care for OUR children .
Just disgusting. This is what happens when grifting traitors are allowed to take full advantage of their coup.
THIS LAND IS OUR LAND.
Chuck if Trump wanted to give every libturds a million dollars each you would be against it.
No it doesn't. If it was extraordinary it would have been fine before Obama sucked up enough land, resources and water size of Texas X 3
It's inconceivable to me that our National Monuments (Public Lands) are under attack over big business lust for OIL. This rattles my world.
How?
Hey Chuck who pulls your strings?
Our country, our way of life, our precious natural resources, & even our lives are being threatened by @realDonaldTrump He's INSANE
Please, stop this from happening! I'll be glad to help. Obvious that DT loathes nature, animals, democracy, and freedom.
OH MORE BUNK CHUCKIE BOY
@realDonaldTrump Schumer IS a government control FREAK!
Teddy Roosevelt will rise from his grave!
Sorry to hear @POTUS is upsetting your #lunaticleft environmental lobbyists. #draintheswamp
He's doing all this to keep everyone on edge and distracted so the invasion can continue. Putin will actually be in the White House soon.
Blah blah blah
So angry about this move from the Liar in Chief! @realDonaldTrump I am scared to go to sleep every night for fear of what might happen.
U mean Private Farm Land that U think U might like? Or might see a sunset on?! Ur Big Government! We don't want U any more! Go away!Far far!
@ScottPruittOK & @realDonaldTrump are running some kind of sick side bet
Guessing for oil, fracking and strip mining
Nice try, but Obama's HUGE landgrabs of millions of acres, have hurt many states, its called another example of over reach by Obama
That land doesn't need sold to giant oil companies, Obama understood that.
Thanks, senator. We can always count on you to look out for the good of all!
Donald Trump doesn't give a damn about clean air & water, our beautiful lands, wildlife & animals & affordable healthcare for average folk
Positively Obama didn't care about affordable HEALTHCARE. Carter wanted USA energy INDEPENDENCE yet you have issues using  resources REALLY
Risk monuments? As u ignore the graffiti in Yellowstone & fires in Redwood forest all thanks 2 illegal squatters
"Wack a Mole" Schumer strikes again!
Fake news!! You have no idea what if any lands will be given back to the public. Why don't you wait to bitch till you know what's happening
He did this to sell it to the highest bidding  oil company. Wake the f*** up and get with reality.
Risk? States should man their own land. Here in MT if the gov tried to sell pub lands there would be a war!Another pathetic scare tactic.
Me
He must be impeached.
Your progressive liberal socialist ideology is the only risk to all Americans!!!
This is abuse of power! Please stop him!
Build the all
WTF is wrong with DT? He's just wants to kill America!! What for?
#cryingchuckie
Designations for partisan political purposes are not in th he country's best interests.
Who cares goofy?
All for drilling a making money for billionaires. How overwhelmed with wealth can people actually be?
Oh and you don't have a 401K ...please
Had a 401K. Worked all my life, got sick money gone for taxes, medical and bills. Hope it never happens to you.
I don't understand his purpose ?!
No, the most extraordinary places are already protected. O was just trying to hide land from the oil companies.
Why do insist on lying to your people?!?! No monuments are in danger. Obama over reached, and took land from the people. @POTUS gave it back
@ClimateGuy1973 @MegMurrayMusic
Sir, please do not allow the Washington Monument be painted gold and stamped Trump. Keep fighting Sir. We need the Dems to keep it sane.
@POTUS is He Who Must Be Stopped
Just what does "at risk" mean Chuckles?
How can you not support the Taylor Force Act?  If Jewish lives don't matter, don't American?
I swear you liberals and especially YOU Mr Schumer have some serious mental issues fretting about anything and everything!
Or maybe, being more involved in it than you, he understands better the long term consequences of this greed grab by Trump.
Negative, nice try tho
Please do everything u can to stop this American horror from destroying the world. Repubs r killing everything. Fight them as hard as u can
They don't care, they are greedy aholes!
More foolishness from the head clown. The federal govt is barred by the 10th Amendment from owning State land.
@jennybethm
@Heritage
And what gives the Government the right to designate that it's theirs? Ever heard of Government overreach. Or maybe plain old theft?
Wasn't one today. Makes you want to weep for the beauty...and the potential loss.
Do u ppl do anything but complain?  Do u ever do anything positive for the country? YOU PPL IN CONGRESS HAVE CUSHY JOBS!!
Trump and his corrupt toady cabinet, his corrupt crime family and the enabling, corrupt GOP have no business being in US government.
Wow like #Hillary and her 33,000 emails destroyed & 13 iphone devices crushed & destroyed in 3 yrs!!The Left is melting!!
Can't democrats stop this? Their has to some republicans that know this so wrong to do this. Or did they lose their back bone?
The POS is DESTROYING AMERICA #RESISTANCE
You are losing!
giving that control back to the states is cool but what's going to happen when the HIGHEST BIDDER COMES CALLING
That's what you said about the Alaskan pipeline too. Tell me genius. Did it wreck Alaska?
Some real losers on this thread
Lets investigate Trump/ Russia.   Fake POTUS
oil spills in Yellowstone....Nice!
That was a land grab by Obama and the Federal government. That land belongs to the ppl that live in those states so hands off, DC!
@SenSchumer Thanks to the traitor in white house, Canada pissed, travel biz pissed, mexico pissed, australia pissed, germany, france, etc.
traitor? I see you block anyone who disagrees with you. That's mature. You are a sad snowflake.
The land the government steals from the people Chuck? You politicians have overstepped your boundaries for so long you don't even realize it
Selling to the Russians
Don't let this happen! Our National Parks/Monuments are OUR pride; the nexus of family vacations, and Ansel Adams photos...
Over 80% of land west of the Miss. River  is BLM  why does our government have that much control?
Trump wants land for FRACKING!
So dishonorable to do this to our #publiclands
@SenSchumer That would be what a traitor trying to run the country into the ground for Putin would likely do now wouldn't it.
It can be undone 2020. @SenFranken @RepAdamSchiff @SenateDems @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer you guys need to get your act together. #uwork4me
Ohh Please..Barack wouldn't even let Americans go visit places..even shut the WH visits off. Hypocrite once again.
You don't want to pay any taxes, than we can't pay the 75k a day for you to tour the WH. Sorry Cheryl.
He did it to be mean. Kids have been touring it for years. I did in 8th grade. And I pay more in taxes then you probably make all yr
No, gov control of a gazillion acres is an attack on states and the people...righting the wrong is a good thing
can any of this be stopped....these are some beautiful places in our country...
No attack on public lands, but it does give control of those lands back to those states and the people, where control belongs.
Try giving the land back to the Natives it was Stolen from.
The lands belong to the people.
Yup, corporations are people too.
Yup. Same as Unions.
So when Obama signed to save Montana Land was ok with you, but now you're against Trump. #brainless
Not worth getting into it.
Is that Russia investigation moving along? #LockHimUp
I think a oil rig would be perfect on the front lawn at Mar-a-Lago.
I think we need a wind farm in Nantucket Bay... Oh wait the Kennedy's stopped that proposal
Take to court immediately.
Please do something to stop this maniac before he irreparably damaged this country and what makes it great.
Do u realize chuckie does nothing to stop this and just complains
Give it to the states that's why we have a tenth amendment
I know you believe that the federal government needs to control everything but it's just not so.
