You came to the debate with made up minds. To resist resist resist. Lying about it just makes people angry. Why not at least be honorable?
Cole w/ all due respect to you. Don't you think Sen McConnell did the same to the Dems? Need a bipartisan Judge.
I stopped playing "gotcha last" in 3rd grade. I'd like to think our well paid reps are mature responsible adults for the good of all of US.
Then perhaps YOU should act like a mature responsible adult. M Garland was not even interviewed. Your boys are playing games, not Schumer
Kissn my tuchas. My boys? Congress is OURS. No?
Why personalize this at all? All I talk about is congress working together so all our interests are taken into account. That's all.
Which is the democratic process. Even though we disagree politically. Well said Cole. 
BS, you're a Marxist revolutionary who is only interested in your lust for power & control.
BS trump is an unqualified power monger who is making uninformed decisions that will destroy our way of life.
Crazy concept I know....but actually both statements are equally true...
No, not true. Really. Schumer is not a Marxist revolutionary. Better hit the books for some definitions.
My wife went to picnics with him and his family for years...yes, yes he is. But by all means continue feeding at the media's trough.
Well, gosh, fellow picnic participants? That certainly seals it for me! And I guess I'm also a Marxist revolutionary because I'm w Chuck
My point was that what he says in front of cameras and what he says in private are not always the same.
Big deal. He's human. And people  evolve. At his core he has conviction, a moral center. I'd be happy with him in charge. Current pres? NO
No, Dems #notfair No open minds, political move. #justicegorsuch will be confirmed
They held a hearing for Gorsuch but Garland wasn't given that same chance. R's are politicising SCOTUS nom process. #StopGorsuch
Yeah right! Everyone unanimously voted for him before, but now all of a sudden he's evil? You guys are delusional
Never said he was evil + it has little to do with him personally. McConnell stole SCOTUS seat from Obama and now intends to nuke filibuster
Didn't steal it, used Senate rules in his favor...
No, rewrote senate rules in their favor. Garland should have been given consideration. Up or down. It was anti-Obama 100%
I'm not. I do know the origins of the process. I do also question Gorsuch being so critical to the R's that they chose to take this path now
u had your mind made up a month ago. You said you don't think he's the right choice.  Such a lying lil man! Shame on u!
Neil Gorsuch: "Education never hurt me none." http://tiny.cc/o7b0jy  #gorsuch #gorsuchhearing #house
Did our new justice borrow your hat for the photo?

Actually, he prefers different hat wear: http://tiny.cc/o7b0jy  
(corrected)

We would expect nothing else of our officials. Get over Garland.
#BS Democrats had already predetermined their votes. You are 10x of whatever you accuse the Republicans of!
You sold out
I'm very disappointed that it ended this way.
Keep lying Chuck! U wouldn't have given GWB a  #SCOTUS appointment. All this is your fault to begin with!
My Hope that u keep listening to all of these Far Left retards that have no clue as to what is going to happen in the future.
No clue as to what is going to happen in the future? Like how GOP denies climate change? Incites violence world wide? Ruins the economy?

Dont pretend you have forgotten the Biden rule..or Reid rule. Playing dumb isnt working for u. #tcot #maga
Hahahahahahahahaha!!!!!
BS
When you say "open minds" does that mean "what's good for USA on Balance" or only the "less Fortunate?" U & Ur Party seem anti Biz/Corp/chrh
Now work on 2018 get the GOP oit get the majority.
Vote No on Gorsuch!  Complete your investigations first. It is important not to have a  SCOTUS justice that enters the via Russia influence.
What Russia influence? You r in a dream trying to figure out how you lost. Better look into ur own party.
You don't have open mind on anything the President is doing so stop lying. #Dems destroying the whole political system. It will be on you.
What? The destruction you see rests wholly and solely at the feet of the least qualified "president" in history!
So Ronnie, diplomacy your strong suit? I KNOW the Dems created this. I KNOW history. I'm NOT crying about it. I DO wonder why R's use it NOW
If trump had proposed qualified people for the few positions he's bothered to try, the Dems would have voted . Perry? DeVos? Carson? 
You do not know how to be honerable...
Bull$hit... #LIAR. You were opposed to Gorsuch from he beginning. BTW, you mind is anything but open. Your way or the highway. Not today.
Projection becomes you. The main closed mind resides in the White House. For now.
I don't think the system will work if the wheels can only turn right. Are you not rewarding the cheating that has occurred?
Fair process? I heard your questions. My 8 year old grandson seen that you clowns were trying to hurt the nominee
In those famous words, 'You lie!'. You never fairly considered Gorsuch and knew how you would vote when Trump won the election.
You never intended to give him anything fair.   Please start acting like you are true representatives of the people instead of petty babies
Open mind my arse. Garland fell victim to to the Biden rule. Keep up the good work Chucky Cheese!
As if the Biden rule is a real thing, and not something floated that never came to pass, with completely different implications.
Blame "Ritz Carlton" Harry Reid too.
Blame Mitch McConnell too
Hey Chuck the USA is toast if one more justice dies or retires we are under the oppressive GOP forever, they will kill all of us
I wish you as a So called Senator would stop crying and an embarrassing yourself and the State you represent
BS.. You've stalled and stonewalled the Democratic process at every turn. YOU LOST GET OVER IT.
Doesn't matter you lose AGAIN! 
Would you all stop it and do the job r tax dollars r paying u to do. High schoolers act better
Yeah right.. Tell us another one... Just say no to @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand
Just thank the Biden rule for that.  You liberals have selective memories.
#Liar #obstructionist #DoYourJob
Liar
You asked for it! This is the can of worms that Harry Reed opened that has come back to bite you in the ass. Keep obstructing & see future.
Your own Biden said in 1992 there should be no SCOTUS nominations in election years. Loot it up
Didn't you mean you came mindLESS
oh boo hoo. Grow up and admit all the crap you allowed with obama and Hillary
I don't know why you did that: that is the problem with you guys: they win because they don't reach across the aisle. And now we're stuck!
Dems just crying cause our right to bear arms is now protected
Garland was denied by the American people.  If they wanted him, Hillary would have won.
You would have done the same thing.  I did not agree, but you would have done the same thing.  You guys are quoted as saying you would.
The people spoke you lost !
Win some elections you get to do more of what you want to do. #demsstilllosing
You're just another con.
Biden rule...
um maybe you shouldn’t have? Just saying results matter. I think you might have my spines coming in the mail
Biden Rule that you loved #headclown
Can the fake #SCOTUS be removed when the fake @POTUS is impeached? Seems like a criminal appointee shld go down wthe @realDonaldTrump ship
How quickly you have forgotten the Biden rule on #SCOTUS nominations, a rule that YOU supported!
Gorsuch will have 2 asterisks after his name. 1) Stolen seat; and 2) He was appointed by a president under FBI investigation for treason.
That was your mistake. He should have been denied any consideration until Reps gave back what was stolen. Period. Maybe 2 as a penalty.
You never had an open mind and you controlled the other dems. If it had been done with open minds, more would have voted in favor.
America has spoken.. Down with the left and up with the Constitution and freedom. House, Senate, and WhiteHouse
You can continue to lie continue to resist but we can all see your truth
You are doing nothing, but throwing a temper tantrum... That's it... My children stopped doing that at 5-years-old...
No you didn't, you came to get revenge.
STOP BSing US, LIAR! No SCOTUS Judge is elected during a Pres's final year. In fact, YOU withheld a nominee 4 18 mos during GWB's last term.
He was attacked the moment he sat down in front of y'all.  Open minds? Right.
Chuck you mind has never been open, started whine day Gorsuch was mentioned.  You are bad not to tell truth to the citizens
Somehow, we feel it's payback for Garland. Wonder why?
Open Minds? Why have I heard Merrick Garland more now then when obama was foisting him upon us.If your mind is too open ur brains fall out
you mean like demeaning him on Twitter befor the process even started.  Doesn't sound open minded to me
please call harry and ask him why he changed the rules! But, you advocated for an up or down vote. You got it!!!
YOU denied Merrick Garland since it was YOU and BIDEN who stated SC Justice is not to be nominated in election year.
your a lying no account sen. people like you should be thrown out
You lose
It was the beginning of the election year I am certain the same would have happened the next president would choose
We need a judge that rules by the law and the constitution
False, you came with false and closed minded views with a pre-decided denial (per your own words)
The #GOP is made of a gaggle of self-serving hypocrites playing to win for themselves w/ no interest in the American people.

Merrick was not considered because of election. The Biden rule. You started both  Biden rule and majority vote for your party benefit
They will pay for this someday they will be the minority and them dems better use the 51 vote the same way or I'm done with voting
Schumer you were not fair.  You are destroying future moderate judges by forcing the majority vote. How stupid you and the Dumocrats are.
What a ridiculous statement! America considers you  an impediment to their Voice and a laughing stock!
Hypocrites
No you didn't. Liar.
You are so dishonest, Gorsuch was never going to get your vote. The Democrats acted like sore loser children. The obstruction was ridiculous
Elections hv consequences.If the Dems didn't sabotage Bernie the shoe might be on the other foot.Dems hypocrisy & corruption wl destroy them
You refused for 18 months to allow W. to put a nominee forward, are you now admitting that was wrong?
Came to the debate with open minds, my foot. Give the American people a little more credit. Can't believe you have the Chutzpah to say that.
This is impossible Chucky. Democrats don't have a "mind" to bring to any table!!
Unfortunately nobody gets pts for playing fair. If gun laws become more liberal under Gorsuch, big win for @NRA. Shame on @GOP.
@SenSchumer
Chucky,  you lie.
a fair process?@SenWarren spelled it out well. We wont confirm Trumps pick. It was never about the pick, was about @POTUS
Lair! everything out of your mouth is a lie. I'm not judging you but our father will
Schumer talks about a fair process, just watch the Cspan videos of democrats questioning, then you will see Schumers deception. Disgusting!
LOL
Why do you libs never hear what your own party says in the past
You have never had an open mind where President Trump is concerned! Retire!

get over it already Chuck.
Yes just state the obvious your from NY it's okay we will commend you enough said
You sound like the younger sibling that pretendS they never get way and keeps blaming, Lying about the older sibling. Grow up. #bigboypAnts
Right.... tell me another lie and I'll sell you some beach front property in Arizona!  Get my drift clown?
LOL:
This whiny, self-loathing, anti-Constitutional Jew/Senator walks into a bar...#kvetching; bartender hands him a #tampon. 
Bullshit and you know it.
Baloney
Merrill Garland aside....what REAL issues do you have w him? Just a revenge vote?
you lost the election and both houses. You're not in charge. Grow up crybaby.
Proud of you guys. You did everything right, but you didn't have the winning hand.
Alzheimer's setting in? I remember your statements from day one of the hearings demonizing this man. #TermLimits would rid us of you.
Keep fighting on for justice @SenSchumer
@RogueED GOP made up their minds to obstruct in 2008. Our kids will pay for years to come. This anti poor, gay etc Fuck GOP
You lie to the American people and fellow New Yorkers. Your mind was made up not to vote him in. You, pelosi, and warren need to retire
Your live in a ridulous bubble of left wing extremism group think.
That is the problem.Democrats need to give those dirty Republicans a dose of their own medicine.I am getting  fed up with my own party.
Thank you! I appreciate your princpled stand.
Bullshit!
Ask Uncle Joe about nominations of SCOTUS justices in a president's last year
@SenSchumer stop using Rules for Radicals as you guide.  Saul Alinsky does not become you.
Forgot  the Biden rule?  I'll be blunt.   You're a liar and disgrace to the Senate.  So glad you are not my Senator.  Stop hating U.S.A.
Chuck, please, you're embarrassing yourself
NO WAY IN HELL DID U CHUCKIE HEAD CLOWN!!
Garlands could not get 60 votes...
Are you trying to be funny, or is it just that easy for you to lie?
Buuuuullllllll SHIT!!!!
Nice try.  You sir, are simply a liar.
WHAT? came to the table with open minds are you kidding?you Dems have had nothing but closed minds on everything and everyone
You are not the President
No no no you did not you are a liar in Chief a divider a bigot is sexist
No,you dims have done nothing but wage butthurt war on @POTUS.Precedent set was never to seat a SC justice in lame duck year of a president.
I don't know how you're going to get anyone to do an exorcism on you knowing that those demons have to go somewhere close by.
No one takes you seriously, Schumer!
You have a "forked tongue", Mr. Schumer.  You say one thing, and mean the exact opposite!  YOU ARE AN ABSOLUTE JOKE!!!
you are aware you were in minority last session? Garland would have gone down in floor vote! & don't forget your @JoeBiden rule
More BS
Bull!  You came with an immature chip on your shoulder and destroyed Senate tradition with a filibuster. "Reid Nuclear Option" is on You!

Elections have consequences. Where have we heard that before?
Very well stated
Open minds, that's rich.
#ConfirmGorsuch 
Majority should rule.
who's Merrick Garland?  As I recall Little Joey Biden said no @Scotus nominees during the lame duck presidency. You agreed w/him
Really Chuckles.....and who do you think believes your crap?
OH, yea?  Early on you said "we'll fight him tooth and nail"! Sen.Merkley vowed 2 stage a filibuster BEFORE the pick was even announced!
Is Gorsuch honorable enough to recuse himself from Russia case against Trumpanees that might reach SC?
games statement!!!
Elections have consequences. 'Fair process' and 'open mind' mean anything and nothing.
bullshit
ALMOST EVERY senator gave a PHONE VOTE for Gorsuch 10 yrs. ago!! This WOE ARE WE. . . puppet show is PURE poppycock!!!  They got ALL THEIRS!
Twitter really needs a slap the shit out of you button!!
You numb nuts are the reason Trump is now our POTUS. We The People are really tired of both parties and the constant quest for Power & 
And the Republicans had to change the rules. SAD.
Bullshit, Chuckie!
WHAT IS GOOD FOR THE GOOSE (harry reid) is good for the gander. . . The dems changed the rules and MANY publically GLOATED about it!!
Go play in traffic guy...the American people are really sick and tired of both parties and the games!!! Grow some balls and stop it already
Blah blah blah
Baloney on the open minds! How's it feel to have your filibuster denied? U loved doing it to the GOP! Karma baby!
Ur still an idiot
"...debate w/ open minds." What a disingenuous statement Mr. Schumer. You lack the ability to lose, or win, with decency and dignity.
And the GOP proved they care NOTHING for compromise or fairness or balance. You're a New Yorker, Senator. STOP kowtowing and FUCK THEM UP!
That is the most dishonest statement I have read on Twitter. And that's saying a lot. I am genuinely disappointed in you.
You wasted your time blocking Gorsuch.
are you really a stand up comedian,  cause you are one funny guy.
Liar
That's exactly the problem.
You can not stop GOD. He always wins . I know because I have a copy of HIS play book!!!
Now they should be big boys and girls...certainly not adults and vote for the qualifications of the judge not their politics we did Sotomeyr
I'm glad you're happy. I hope your still happy when we get term limits passed. Pride cometh before the fall. God bless America 
Now they don't like that rule : they want to change it ... Dems made the rule against Republicans Wayback when.....it's come back to bite
You're a joke..your party is in ruins, stop whining
The only thing you come to debates with, are open mouths. No minds are anywhere in sight.
Open minds?  Bullshit...
