Don’t be fooled - #SkinnyRepeal would destabilize individual markets, drive up costs & pave the way for full repeal http://bit.ly/2tGO5L4  
Hey Chuck will you go after the hospitals they must lower the cost
The hospitals charge 10 times the usual Medicare fee for services
The real issue Chuck Schumer hospitals are out of control
So you aren't a doctor and you are a sheep on the exchange who is bellyaching about what is provided for you?
Obamacare is terrible for New Yorkers, but you won't listen. You're 1 reason why we want term limits.
Not if your illegals or welfare that's all these bastards care about.if your getting in on the backs of others it's great
I am not fooled by u
Hey Chuck will you change the background of you profile picture to include the gay pride flag to show your support of the gays?
Did you really say #ACA could have been more bipartisan? A Heritage Foundation RomneyCare policy adopted as a pre-compromise? #SinglePayer !
Run the Obamacare numbers silly headed fool.
Obstructionist Schumer.
Repeal Obamacare. It's bankrupting working New Yorkers.
What's your solution ??? Obamacare is not what you democrats said it was-benefits those who the govt subsidizes but not those who can afford
Disgusted with all of you. Pray Karma comes down on all of u
My fortune we the people hired you/we want you all to work together or we the people are coming and taking over all jobs from the Senate 
2018 is fast approaching.
Obstructionist will be replaced. 
We want our representatives to work 4 us,  not 4 their political party.
#Hack
So what is your plan ? Husband and I have no insurance and we do not have enough work to pay our ins and our mortgage, we live in NY
Democraps are hypocrites and liars.
Americantraitor
Congress was to make amendments the Skinny bill to make it acceptable. Don't twist the truth. Typical lies from you & Dems.
Hey Chuck, how many amendments did you propose to the bill? How many offered since 2009 to the shitty bill you helped pass. Hypocrite!
Are those numbers on top of the 1k+ premium increase already slated for next year with obamacare in NY?
We in NY pay high taxes, utilities and mortgages and have stagnant wages , how can we pay for this healthcare bill also. Thanks Chuck
i had the worst surgeon ever tell me the worst thing ever and i never want to see him again because of obamashit... lies lies lies
Like we're supposed to believe anything democrats put out.
Now you care about the millions of people that got screwed by Obama Care.  What happen to  vote for the bill before you know what is in it.
If Schumer says it is bad it must be great. Do it. #SkinnyRepeal
Schumer does nothing to help New York
Satisfactory
Schmucky..YOU are terrible for new york...go on and cry now loser!!!
#MAGA
The only people u care about are your illegals n wefare recipients sorry u think so little of the middle class.I trully have become so
Restore Risk-Corridor pymts to bolster ACA!
Obamacare is terrible for every state. HUGE difference.
Please stop this nightmare. We are counting on you.
All fake numbers from the libturds
Full repeal is what we want.
What are you people doing? You should focus on the Russia thing. You folks in Washington can't  accomplish anything.  Unbelievably useless!
Russian is a hoax even Democrats said that
cryin chuck
GOP plans are terrible. People on ACA complain about high deductibles & increased premiums, skinny bill does nothing to curb that #voteNO!!!
#skinnyrepeal is a trap
.@SenateGOP should not pass #SkinnyRepeal so the House can pass & send straight to the President--w/o consideration, hearings, scoring. 
You're terrible for New Yorkers and Americans. My body. My choice to insure it. Certainly not yours. Yes to #SkinnyRepeal. #JustResign
Thanks Faso. We won't forget this.
Blah blah blah
You're terrible for NYers. Unfortunately, like a VD, you won't go. #SkinnyRepeal = liberty. Should be MY choice to insure MY body, not yours
U talk about a 20% increase for premiums in health plan. Where were u during O Admin when Arizona increased 120%? U r a liberal hypocrite

Get the hell out of the healthcare! U educated trolls can't even balance the budget... uneducated in 2018....
You are the one trying to foolus. What  will you do if Obamacare implodes?  You did this to the American people
nyers abuse Medicaid more then any other state, fix that problem and maybe we have a reason to talk
Schumer all you talk about is Russia Russia Russia
The American people are tired of acting like babies work together or quit
You don't like anything PT does at all I bet you you got great health care
Come up with a better bill. U going to repeal it when it was Obamacare
Can't be worse than Obamacare's numbers
REPEAL & everyone work toward a plan that works for all. NOT insurance & pharmaceuticals...oh wait they pay u
You're terrible for everyone! The supposed 16 million to lose coverage are those who now get to opt out!
If Schumer hates it, it must be a good bill.
Zip it, Chuck.
Someone should look into how these politicians get so rich!!
u expect us to believe what comes out of ur lying mouth? Give us a break. u did not even know what was in Obamacare. #RepealObamacare
Are we supposed to believe you of all people?
Not forcing people to buy insurance is a good thing.
I get the feeling that less obstruction might have staved off this disaster.

America is paying the price for your arrogant obstructionism.
@lanihirsch terrible for everyone 
Hey Chuckie just keep obstructing. Have u seen your approval ratings lately.Not good. Dems actions and hissy fits best endorsement for Pres
Obama care did all this. you want single payer and that is not an option. start working with the repubs to dismantle obamacare
All Americans get ready lube up and bend over the GOP is going to stick to you no matter who your insurance provider is.
Hey Chuckle, here's the real story with the wonderful Obama care you voted for. all lies !!!
Leader Schumer, skinny bill is terrible for America.
Fear mongering. Be ashamed. #lush
Are we protecting the hospitals or the citizens.  Costs have to go down if want socialist medicine system
Geez you tweet more than the President
Have U looked at Obamacare's #'s ?This is in 2026. U can't Lose insurance if U don't have it now. Costs go up? Already have. #Repeal
Good point
Oh, please. Like that isn't already happening. They're trying to fix your mess! Stop the fearmongering.
Shut it, Chuck! Don't tell me about NY and the 1+ Mil people paying $74 more than a montanan. Huge disparity when looking at annual salaries
Good!
And what's it look like if YOU do nothing? Where's the comparison? My daughter broke her skull & suffered TBI.  Please DO something!

Americans can't afford the rising costs of #Obamacare. The average exchange plan is nearly $3,000 more expensive than it was 4 years ago. 

During the last year of the Obama Administration, 83 insurers pulled out of the collapsing #Obamacare exchanges. 
Alert : More terrible for Chuck Schumer because he cowards in his hole of no engagement , no ideas ,  on his way iut
So is Obamacare.. you shaft the voters b/c they don't want to buy crappy Ocare.. downgrade full time to 30hrs.. We'll relieve some voters
@JECDems don't nobody care about  new yorkers, ya gotta have $ to live up there anyways.
If Democrats don't like it, it must be pretty darn good.
One Mom's Fight for Her Special Needs Son in the Age of Obamacare
http://dailysignal.com/.../one-moms-fight-for-her-special-needs-son-in-the-age-of-obamacar …...
It's not skinny - it's anorexic. Fight like hell, Senator! I need my health insurance!
Exactly what are you doing to correct the horribly crafted social program Chuck? Do something for a fresh change.
read this. Look at Kentucky
...won't be necessary.  Even you have admitted the present situation needs to be improved.
If that is what it is going to take for Democrats to quit screwing around, so be it.  Offer some real improvements and drastic measures...
Fake #maga. Lose Obama care
Well not worse then the bull shit O'care you didn't read and voted for.
Senator, would you please explain who was paying Imran Awan's salary and why he was  fired only days ago?
Look at the increase to AK premiums. Keep Lisa getting Lisa to vote NO.
I have some experience with this @JECDems  I went on a twitter rant about Repeal but no Replace,
Wow! @realDonaldTrump latest Tweet: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/887134287350439936 …   Not what he promised when he ran. His 7-point plan has disappeared, literally!
NY spends $1.7 billion a month on welfare. You muslim friends will be fine.
Chuckie, why do you think we should trust "your numbers"?  I have not seen a reason to?
You're terrible for NY!
Get your people off Gov assistance then!
Chuck! We want full repeal! #Repeal #drainthesewer #donttrustdemocratswithpowereveragain
Can we see those numbers with Obama care? I believe they all does cause Obama care bursts.
We don't want #Obamacare your trillions in taxes #DrainTheSwamp #LyinChuckSchumer
Obamacare is terrible for the whole country
NO SKINNY REPEAL!!  Let Obamacare implode on its own!!!
Yes.   Full repeal is what we the People WANT
No
I won't be fooled because you folks are upset your kickbacks are getting ready to stop!
And so are you terrible for America
Jesus ! How absolutely CRIMINAL on behalf of @SenateGOP What creeps! What and who are they? Certainty not American Patriots but just scum!
Democrats give us not choice but a full repeal thanks to delays & obstruction Schumer only votes for his  party not the citizens
No, what's terrible for NYers is our 2 Senators. They have done nothing for Delphi constituents healthcare loss (& pensions) by their team.
Look I found another nut job!
if universal HC or Medicare for All comes to floor for vote you'd better be a YES
You going to like retirement
You're terrible for New Yorkers
MORE FAKE SHITE!
Mr Chuck you are lying and plz don't fool Americans
Hlth costs go up 20-25% every year and will continue
Chuck will never be logical.He is to deep in his ideology to be reasonable Facts Evade Chuck #MAGA #ACAReepeal now
https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/890643127693828096 …
Lol you mean the great stable market that is in place now for Obamacare? Stop pushing the issue of a failing Obamacare onto the GOP
So we're supposed to believe what a bunch of biased economists say?

60% of House Dems endorsed this legislation & today not 1 Democrat Senator is willing to stand by and defend their socialized solution
Always  an rely on ole Chuck to spread the democratic message.  Wait, democrats dont have a message except "we hate trump" @TaxSnafu
...the current plan screws your constituents too, it was just a Dem idea, so it's ok
U can't predict what will happen in one yr. Now u base your # on 9 yrs. Your a fool.
More lies to get what you want so you dont lose your kickbacks
Its good for me the middle-class worker.
Why did senate democrats block the testimony of a key witness in the Russian probe. Is it the witness couldn't help the fake narrative.
Stop your "golden" insurance with the government and enroll you and your family in Obamacare plan!
Have you losers come up with anything yourselves? Have you worked with anyone across the isle? You just obstruct w/zero contributions fu
Obstructionist liar.
Look at these numbers that you idiots created
Stay strong stay focused New Yorkers are behind you and stand with you.
Speak for yourself.
@SenDeanHeller @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC Look at the data. #SkinnyRepeal NOT innocuous. #SaveOurCare

That's great but with single payer he will sit in the emergency room for endless hrs maybe more. Don't be fooled by Chuck's promises.
Looks to me like every state loses. What idiot Senator would vote for this?
New York keeps sending you up there, who's responsible for getting us into this mess, so they get what they deserve frankly. #Unmoved
Wait , you've seen the bill? Can you show it to Ben Cardin
Hey Chucky where were you when AZ's premiums went up 116%!
You have no cred! Go away
Exactly what they want. They think they will stain 44, but they will stain themselves and the masses will feel it!!
44 stained himself and the ACA is the skidmark ;)
your numbers are just an out-and-out lie. They reflect people CHOOSING to not be a part of #highdeductible #highpremium plans. #repealACA
The numbers for Florida are terrifying too!
Are you counting the people that would voluntarily leave the marketplace once individual mandate is repealed?
when is this waste of time and grand standing going to be over
Thank you for fighting to save ACA #skinnyrepealsucks
He wants to keep raking in the money. He doesn't give a damn about you.
He doesn't need to care about me as long as he fights against this incompetent administration and the repeal of ACA #skinnybillsucks
Come on chuck, give us a option that does not include government run healthcare, Obama care is a failure.
Well come up with a state plan too take care of the new Yorkers .... y can't the state come up with there own plan ???

There is 50 states does it work for Maryland PA Florida
I'm not sure who does your paperwork for you,  but you need better people.  At east make it look real.
What Maryland PA Florida new york ain't the only state where ppl live there is 59states
Keep up the fight, Chuck!!!
the worst thing for new york is chucky
Ha
