No I won't watch you 2 liberal cuckolds hold hands in you pretty pink puffs!! 
Creating a Federal Insurance Open Market covering ALL. Nationwide. Let the rich compensate by higher premiums. Federal Funding. I am Actuary
U are in part responsible 4 this weeks shooting bc of all ur rhetoric against @POTUS. If u cant acknowledge when ur wrong,then retire.
I'd be nervous about being that close to McConnell while I was holding a baseball bat.
Then you democrats start the hate the day after the game Schumer. You have pissed the conservatives off and we will revolt against liberals.
Hey Upchucky didja get all 3 of your supporters to come to the game too?
@SenBobCasey 
If it becomes law, the American Health Care Act (AHCA) will cut more than $800 billion from Medicaid over the next decade
why you don't stand against the Madonna's, Griffins, Shakespeare plays, etc...is a mystery.  Your omission condones the violent anarchy!
Schumer, you miserable SNAKE, you have blood on your hands! Scalise's blood, and the other victims, to be exact.
You are not interested in unity or what's best for America, you are interested in the democrat agenda, you are fake and corrupt.
I'll pass.
Unity should b lasting.  Our nation needs ur example.  Now u know that #Resistance with hatred yields violence & will destroy our nation
Schumer your vile hate & Dem leadership is responsible for Scalise. You've got blood on ur hands.
Anti-Trump Senator Mark Warner Made $6 Million in 2012 From Russian Tech Business Schumer Waters invested in Russian Investments?
Which dugout will you be sitting we know you do nothing

Vote your #criminalparty home
How sad U see other Americans as enemy.  You don't have to agree with everything, buy why demonized anyone?
Your rhetoric contributed to the left turmoil and violence! You should be ashamed of yourself!
Republican plan 2 cut Medicaid would be devastating 4 Matthew & Cindy. #NoCutsNoCaps #AmericaSpeaksOut
Can't wait to see you get to work and play on @POTUS's team for the good of the American people.  Quit the games.
U people stop taking money from NRA and notice those families who live with threat of violence every day. No platitudes!
Anti-Trump Senator Mark Warner Made $6 Million N 2012 From Russian Tech Business Chuck Schumer?Nancy Pelosi?MaxineWaters?Booker?Lewis?Perez?
Glad you two can put aside your differences while taking healthcare away from 24 million people
neither of them will lose their health care!!!
They and Democrats expect others to pay for their health care, just Socialism/Communism.
heath care is a human right! #KeepUp #Neanderthal
Yes it is, you have the right to work and pay for it, not expect others to pay for the lazziness of others.
its a basic human right, like clean air & water!!!!
It is not a human right, where do you come up with this crap, only a lazy liberal would think it is a human right?
Chuck You are my HERO! Thank you for always fighting the good fight!  My family truly honors and respects your hard work.  #Democratslove
Tina....you're joking right?
After reading your profile, clearly you're the one that is joking! Bible quotes and gun emojis, really!
Sorry guess I'm missing your point. God, family & country and yes I respect the rights of people to keep and bear arms, our 2nd amendment
it's ur hate speech that sparked this!I hope you learned ur lesson!Denounce all violence publicly
Chuck. YOU ARE the reason the shootings occured. Take responsibility for your treason, anarchist actions and rehortic!
the chief of hate and violence toward the right.
I am sorry, everytime I see a Democrat talk, it feels really hollow and empty of humanity.
You are responsible for mos of the hate and division in the country, are you going to bring your hate to the game?




I'll see you on MSNBC in the future
I hope t republicans annihilated Schumer & his EVIL band of treacherous obstructionist in their game after t shooting they R responsible 4!
But you are doing EVERYTHING you possibly can to hold @SenateMajLdr accountable on the "healthcare" bill? That's on my mind...not baseball.
Yes your hate rhetoric is responsible for the shooting !!!! Shame Shame
Hey Mitchy

What are U getting for ur Back Room #TrumpCare dealings that you REFUSE to show the Public?

What tax cuts are the RICH getting?
Why? For a cum-by-yah, that will last as about as long as a half an inning of the game!
Mr. Speaker- why are you jamming thru a secret healthcare bill that no one has seen? Even the crazy Pres calls it "mean". You have no heart.
Wish you cared about your employers. We need protection from illegals, unvetted immigrants and idiots!
Phony lying Democrat your rhetoric is the fuel for the shooting at the ballpark
Thanks too you DEMOCRATS wee have a men fighting for his life you and your congrats have been planting hate in people's in this country
You're a despicable hypocrite Senator-
NO THANKS, I DON'T WATCH FAKE NEWS OR CORRUPT POLITICIANS!
https://twitter.com/davidsirota/status/875545335581507585 …
#NOMOREWAR
#NOMORESANCTIONS 
#STUXNET
US has a long history of illegal intervention in Democracy.
#ENDUSFOREIGNWARS
The US government has helped unleash military cyberweapons that could easily be turned against us - in horrific ways http://www.ibtimes.com/political-capital/cyber-attack-enemy-nation-could-cause-mass-casualties-us-says-new-documentary … 
OBSTRUCTIONIST!
No-one cares what you think
This election & the challenges after stole my sense of security.  Seeing our Senate leaders come together restores that feeling of safety.
Enjoy it while it lasts!
Congrats Dems!
I wouldn't watch that with toothpicks in my eyes!!
Sen. Schumer, It was great that u shared bipartisanship at Congressional bball game tonite.Kumbayah. Did you have ANY TEARS for HMW SCALISE?
HELL @CNN we BLOCKED U LONG TIME AGO! #dems R usurpers. We PUT up w/ obam prez. of 58 states &dems_soros_cartel attack our PREZ. &us daily
Shut up Schumer
@GOP Now that you played baseball with Dems, will you let them in your secret healthcare meetings? #Unity #DontSquanderIt #WorkTogether
inciters of Violence Schumer and cnn spewing lies and propaganda Disgraceful
Everything is a lie unless a Republican says it? It's people like you that are dividing the country, shame on you.
No desire to hear anything you violence promoting people have to say.  Stop promoting resistance and get with the program
Since you're both on this tweet ...
Play ball!
No, we are NOT "all in this together", sir. You, as a senator, will not be discriminated against for pre-existing conditions. Remember that.
Primary chuck

@SenSchumer @SenateMajLdr @andersoncooper #CongressionalBaseballGame
Bullets don't resolve anything, but this circus of dysfunctional, don't get along crap, politicians want praise BC today they get along.
Hope you get egged you divisive, hateful enemy of the people!
McConnell has a lot of nerve making unity statements while secretly trying to take away healthcare from 24 million needy people.
Needy people? Premiums going up! Get a job and pick a plan that works for you. Choose how you live vs allowing the government choose for you
i'm out.
Please keep the unity going.  You could start with the"secret" healthcare bill.
how r u friends w/ that jerk? #StolenSeat and he's going 2 kill thousands w/ no ACA!
I want to hear YOU apologizing for inciting people like that guy to commit murder! Blood is on YOUR HANDS commie!
Schumer, only person at this game dem or repub that I dont think cares what happens to Steve Scalise.Pelosi did a better job selling unity
Chucky a bat boy Hillary water girl
Please take offense about what I'm going to say. Words matter, the things you say on the Senate floor hurt Americans. Please help good luck
Yes go to CNN do they can spread more of your lies and bullshit You can bet very few will be watching
These two lifetime politicians have been lying to Americans their whole life, these two geezers will not change.
Is there hope? Do leopards change their spots?
I never watch CNN sorry.
No way we don't watch hateful fake news CNN or obstructionists
They,don't care to see you chucky
Chuck is a 
I hope tonight's winner doesn't have to go to the Electoral College. #CongressionalBaseballGame
Go Dems!  Almost rooted for the GOP, in light of yesterday, but then thought, Nah, Scalise wouldn't want us to just give them the game.
We've got video of your hate rhetoric clown Schumer. GOP assassination is your fault. No doubt.
Please don't go to the game. No one wants you there.
Stop liberal terrorism, Ban the Democrate party
Blah blah blah
Don't forget to mention to @SenateMajLdr that he's inhumanly denying healthcare to millions of people. #PlayBall
Cant wait to see many of you at the #CongressionalBaseballGame - don't forget to tune in at 8pm as @SenateMajLdr & I join @andersoncooper.
Oh there is s shocker-Dimms,CNN  caintwait to hear the rhetoric BS & Lies u will be pushing to Blooper shill
I hope they Booo all U Dems out of the stadium! Hate, RESISTANCE is Ur words! Now eat them!
You should go out and get some fresh air... maybe you wouldn't be so angry, and miserable... bless your poor little black heart.
Mix the teams. Not Dems v. GOP. MIX IT UP for unity.
Good idea!!!!
See if you can get
‘#TerminateGOPgroup"
That remains on Facebook for help sagging some balls

You know the Liberal Terror Hate Group!
Whose money will you be giving for charity? Wall Streets
We hope this bipartisan event will last longer than this one game please.
Pelosi and Schumer are already back in their hate mode, I certainly hope they realize people are fed up with them.
You are a nice guy @SenSchumer unfortnately @GOP does not relate. Time to take the gloves off.
When everyone is laughing at you Cucky, just remember they are laughing WITH you, hun.  #cuckyschumer #Termlimits
Tune in to #fakenews
Maybe you could ask him why they're passing AHCA in secret w/ no debate? If they use reconcilliation, Dems should propose 40K amendments.
God forbid
Thanks for yr service Sen Schumer. 

Glad to have leaders who are not TRAITORS like @SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr

#FlipItDem #FlipIt #resist
Listening to the Turtle talk about 'Unity' would be to much hypocrisy for my stomach to stand, but thanks anyway.
Here is some light reading before your interview. http://www.bluedotdaily.com/400-trump-docs-leaked-russian-money-tied-to-mcconnell-cruz-rubio-mccain-and-rnc/ … Thank You SIR! 
Happy they are playing the game today maybe this year is the most important year
Ask @SenateMajLdr how he sleeps at night.
words matter! Go look at the things you've said.
Bannon has more sense than all of you put together!
you've been stoking the fears
Schumer this is your fault.
Seriously? If its really the nasty POS evil Alt Right Bannon! This is GOP fault for siding w a crazy racist. Death 2 You All. #NoFucksGiven
libtard alert. 
Hope McConnell doesn't lie. We're on to him.
I would, but I don't have a big enough bucket to contain all the vomit that I'd produce listening to @SenateMajLdr lie
Don't forget to mention it one hero was a lesbian woman of color. Mitch McConnell is trying to take her rights and her healthcare.
Because people aren't people. We must recognize them but category.
Goodness! The lunatic had to resort to shooting up your practice time for you all to start acting right. Damn shame!!
Please make sure the mutant turtle tells the truth
Go Dems
I'd rather chew glass than see you cry on TV.
Hannity reports Trump will issue Executive Order to ban baseball to prevent any further shootings of Republicans in the future
Please bring up AHCA!  I know we are trying to come together, but secret bills are not OK!!
I bet you said the same thing about Nancy "We got to pass Obamacare to see what's in it" Pelosi ... 
