Are you saying these 'millions of women' don't have the required health care via ACA ? Why can't they access it ? No need for PPFA
Defund the Planned Parenthood Mengele Babykillers!
Make up your mind. Wasn't this you in 2010. So what is it
It would all b different if men needed pap smear, reg testing for ovarian & uterine & breast cancer, they'd be singing a different tune!
Good. I don't want my tax dollars killing babies
Seriously?! It's called planned Parenthood for a reason. If you don't have coverage they provide free cancer screenings & so much more
But everyone now has coverage because of Obamacare. You just opt in and pick a group.   That's what they said, duh
If #PPFA did their job and prevented unwanted pregs instead of murdering unwanted babies, they'd have my support
Hey Crybaby Chuckie, YOU & EVERYBODY else knows that PP is a human murder machine & human parts broker/seller!! #LockThemUp
#DefundPP
I think your starting to believe your own lies i do not trust politician's 8 yrs of dems BS
We are through lining your pockets with money
Government should not be in the healthcare business in the first place
Planned Parenthood takes taxpayer dollars & contributes hundreds of thousands of dollars to Democrats, virtually $0 to anyone else. Unfair!
I do not want my tax dollars going to the abortion clinics know as Planned Parenthood!
PP big abortionists. They don't need federal funds
Don't miss work. Ha ha ha
They have OBama care!!!!!!!
Another lie and scare tactic. Sit down, shut up and watch it get done right. What you did was really bad.
Federal government should not be funding.last I heard they were making profits in the millions I can think of a lot of ways our fed $ can go
Schumer help me they are going to kill me
Omg.  Your life depends on planned parenthood?  Really?
#Resist
Saying PPFA is 4 women's health is like saying since KFC has biscuits they're PETA friendly. It's a front 4 tax funded abortion.
PPFA should be unfunded. Abortions are murder.
Crook
Crying chuck America wants planned parenthood defunded. Then we want the doj to prosecute them for the horrible acts they committed.
This alone is reason to pass. We should not fund a Democratic reelection money laundering operation that kills innocent babies.
I just use a doctor.  We all know who goes to planned parenthood.    Please send funding to my doctors office
They don't give health care. They can do a Pap smear that's all. They DO NOT have machines to do Mammograms. They do abortions
So you think women can ONLY get affordable health care at PP & every PP will close without federal funding.
Neither is true, & you know it.
Google what businesses donate to them! They don't need our tax dollars. Why do we not have a say where our money goes?
You vote to murder babies! Dems will never get my vote for this reason.#abortionismurder
Defunding @PPFA would save millions of babies lives #AbortionIsMurder
You paying for all them babies?
So just kill them, try not getting pregnant with free birth control from OBama care
You mean the abortion clinic
And the birth control clinic abd primary care clinic and cancer screening clinics for women!
If they're all about women's health,  then they'll stop performing abortions so they can get funding and provide the care they claim to.
Whether you like it or not, abortions are still legal in this country.
Alcoholism is also legal but one can't buy alcohol with food stamps. Legal or not, abortion, like alcoholism, shouldn't be federally funded.
Lie It doesn't strip any right to HC but it does save millions of lives from ur abortion factories & selling their body parts hypocrite
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION MR.SCHUMER!!
Sure PP can take time to protest those babies are not going to stab themselves in the head with scissors so PP Drs can drive sports cars.
Health care is not a right and women can get fantastic care in other places besides PP.
How can the Republicans pass anything until we know EXACTLY what happened with Trump, Russia and the 2016 election?
Really?  Obamacare stripped millions of Americans from the right to affordable health care!
Goodbye healthcare for women! #GrahamCassidy #SaveTheACA #HealthForAll
PP failed to abort all the losers in St. Louis riots! Shame on them ! Defund them now
Annnnd what's wrong w defunding an abortion factory?
LIAR As usual.
Then I definitely hope it passes. You defend illegals but can't protect the unborn. Hypocrite!
They have affordable sexual healthcare at @cvspharmacy its called contraception, you don't need PP for that 
Are they pissed off that Handmaid's tale sweapt the Emmys so now punishing women?!
Planned Parenthood is a parking lot for taxpayer money to be returned to Democrats as campaign donations.
You play the woman, DACA, ACA, homophobia, race, and a bunch more cards - Why do you not play the American card? Always divisive and hateful
I guess u enjoy the fact that Planned Parenthood murders over 300,000 preborn children every single year!! 
As if @PPFA was a "real" healthcare provider.  As if they don't have other options. As if anyone thought you could "keep your doctor"
Women can get affordable healthcare at a drs office.PPH really is just a corp. that wants subsidies. The PRES OF PPH makes high 6 fig a year
BS you are such a liar old Chuckie boy
& free abortions! They leave that out. But, they do like abortions & at the same time they lament loss of healthcare for babies Craziness!
Chuck, please stop with the bull scat.  Killing a living human fetus is all PP does.  That is not healthcare unless pregnancy is disease!
Planned parenthood can fund themselves.
All you know how to do is lie and use scare tactics.  What about your job.
Planned parenthood is not the only provider of women's healthcare. If they can have money to donate to politics they don't need taxpayer $$
Lets keep trying to put your parties vi ews out there because we dont want you ir the rest of making descisons  for our lives
@SenSchumer whose bill do you like @SenSanders if you are lucky enuf you will get appt in 4-6 was? If not show us you insurance to compare
You left out abortions, you know killing babies, while you scream about all the babies being killed by Trump care! #hypocrites
Money should go directly to individual organizations to help women not a political pawn.
Sorry @SenSchumer - America is done with @PPFA , their racist roots and selling of body parts. It's over.
Where in the FUCK is this person that wrote this shit????? Let me know!! That's some real FUCKED UP STATEMENTS!!!
Lies. Not increasing something is NOT defunding. Your a fool
You should have to have Obamacare bet your ass would vote to repeal it then
Oh shut up Chucky
Just not to fund abortions.other women's clinical care included.pp used to be state and benefactor funded.wheres our State
CHUCKY Were are you going to go to get your LADY PARTS CHECKED if TRUMP CARE GETS PASSED
Untrue, the same funds are to go to women’s clinics, just not PP.
Planned abortion hood will survive without the mere 1% they get from the government
SO misleading, Chuckles!  Tsk tsk... #BullSchumer
Wheres the sweat shop princess I thought she was going to look out for women. She is best at looking out for herself. She's a Trump okay.
We also know that #Trumpcare defunds @PPFA which helps defund millions of dollars of campaign contributions they make to Dems!
There are lots of places for women to get affordable care, just PP for killing there babies so good to get rid of PP, I dont paid 4 killing
you're fine with approving $700 billion for the military tho? #McResistance #DemExit
Don't let them pass this new Bill..  R's had 7 yrs of bragging, saying they had a better plan..  Come up with a Better Plan for Everyone!
BS anything @PPFA offers can be obtained from private doctor's and hospital's!
These constant attacks by the GOP are time-consuming, resource-consuming, & are wasteful of the people's tax dollars. They need to stop NOW!
They just want insurance companies to make profits! To hell with the people who depend on it. Medicare for all!
Keep passing out free birth control and condoms while they still have a baby a year.
More fake news! !
Get off the gas Schumer. Abortion is not a right.
Defund planned parenthood. Repeal aca
do not give up on aca chuck!!!
Seriously? Or are you just talking about not paying for abortions?
Don't pay for abortions then but psy for other care.
Since DACA is falling apart.....
Poor little kids :() you tried Chuck but just like the gang of 8. This ones dead to!
