You can't even do right by Americans and you want to throw refugees into the mix. Get your house in order!
You can even take care of the elderly and poor!  You just want voters!
Sabotage ACA violation Hm Rights

VOTE OUT ALL GOP Reps sabotaging ACA, supporting muderous tax plan, & not impeaching Corrupt Trump Pence
Obama sabotaged the ACA, by forcing H.C. providers to cover people, regardless of liabilities. This resulted in escalating costs.
The tax plan is shitty, although the working middle class is the life blood of the US. Only small and big business deserve tax cuts.
They'd be able to put more money into their business, which is good for the economy. Big banks however, do not deserve tax cuts.
What about safety & prosperity for Americans?  What about up economy for Americans?If we get we get going we will help the rest of the world
They should be here legal just like my grand parents did
Oh ya. Like totally the wrong time. I mean look at all the rape & other crimes being committed by the ones Sweden, Germany & France let in.
I think we should pass on the refugees until we can get our own house in order. We are 20 trillion in debt and it isn't getting any lower. Not to mention the giveaway policies both sides of the aisle push. Let's slow down this insanity and get the house in order forst.
What will happen to these human beings? We have some responsibility.
Sure, let's just keep throwing money into the fire.....

What is so hard for people to understand money doesn't grow on trees? We are 20 trillion in debt and growing. We are not the world's keeper, our bank account proves it.
This isn't the "world" these are part of USA!  Didn't you know that?  Or does it not matter?
Houstonians & Floridians we're helping each other with rescues and cleanup.  Dont see much of that in PR. Waiting on gov'ment- demoralizing
Refugees need to live free and safe in they're own homelands.
If they pay their own f-ing way, that is fine.  All you want to do is find something else to waste money on.
Here's the Sudan refugee terrorist that went on a murderous shooting spree in a Tennessee church last Sunday, it's the right time

You are a con like Hillary and obama tell the American people how you sold out our country
Tell the American's people how you and Hillary&  obama sold out our country !all of u con's will go to jail soon !
Yes for more illegal votes!
Get ready for a big law suit from the real Americans! U are a con

Don't U EVER get tired of spreading nothing But LIES??UR 8 Yrs U made wealth Super Rich & destroyed Middle Class! @SenSchumer @NancyPelos
These are not refugees, these are AMERICAN CITIZENS
That's a nice sentiment. Who is going to pay for all these folks??  Land of the free, not free stuff.
You care more about them then you do for us
realy move next to your house no guts
Make sure the cap does not include refugees from Puerto Rico being brought to Fort Lauderdale FL. for care.
Puerto Rico is an American territory, the people that live there are American citizens
Then I will call it resettlement. Katrina displaced many and these Americans felt like and called themselves “ Refugees “.
Well what can u say about that. U con
Yeah, we could be sharia Europe in no time, you socialist-commie asshat old fool.
It’s never the wrong time
You just let them soak our tax payers money just like you
Set up safe places in their own country or region. That way they get to remain within their own culture
You suffer from a mental disorder Schumer
Schumer, u r a disgrace to ALL OF AMERICA! #RESIGN
Of course it is, elections r next yr, & Schumer wants as many refugees, in Dem states, as he can get, & wants to give them right to vote!
NOT WHILE YOU'RE IN OFFICE.  I hope you are voted out you weasel.
اینها چه گناهی کردن که به این وضع اسفبار افتادن باید یه فکری کرد
How can a country function if you keep filling it  with foreigners without skills or knowledge of the language
Your party dead to people 
We dont need anymore Muslims! Setup safe camp protected by UN and all country's pay for housing,Med,food and then send them home to rebuild!
And trying the strong arm technique with Trump saying that he said we don't do the wall will never work with Trump. He'll call you out lying
Keep using NYT for your sources. Record number of fake stories. Anti American journalists.
Start with puerto rico
Doesn't seem like Europe is doing so well with their refugees.
And is good for our bottom line, POTUS might care about $$$$ if not interested in saving lives!
We have to take some Rohingya refugees! Please! Fight for more Chuck!
But 1st instead of playing golf, @realDonaldTrump should help his own country by starting with Puerto Rico. They might end up refugees in other countries!
Or they might take the money from China and turn commie.
I don't think so Chuckie

We should be leaders for freedom safety and our republic. Our safety come with vetting of refugees and closing our borders
You can't even help the homeless Americans but you want to help everyone else how do you think this is right
Stop!!!!!
Chuck Schumer and dems. should be sued for damages to working Americans for misuseing there money to take care of non citizens. Classaction!
You are a sell out to your country.
There are 6.5 mil. more illegals now than there was after your 1986 reform (amnesty/border security) When does it stop? 10, 20, 30 mil more?
And it certainly improves their chances of getting in and fast tracking to citizenship b/c 80% vote for Democrats, doesn't it, Chuck?
And when is the right time?  When we turn into a third world country. And that is right around the corner unless we put a stop to it
A must read for "both sides."  
Michael G. Mullen thank you for this extremely insightful article on how refugees add so much to the US.
Why don't let them in into your beautiful house?
So chuck, y haven't u solved ms13 problem since u think they're also great! U tend to lump them all together and that makes me bristle4 any
This is the perfect time to cut back. Evil prays upon weakness and for some reason, you look as this as an opportunity. Not fooling anyone.
“Charity begins at home”! And if you destroy the well being of the people of your own and and destroys the very refuge everyone fail.
Of course not Chuckie
Keep refugee admittance low. We need to take care of us first
But Democraps hate democracy and love crime, ask hillary
OMG you don't listen or understand about what the people want just only your Democrat agendas.  Its really selfish.
Illegal immigrants cost the American Taxpayer 135 BILLION dollars a year. Are YOU going to pay for that?
Stop all immigration for several years. Help  people help themselves in their own country.
US has too many homeless. Stop importing more.
Stop
Stop all immigration for several years . Help people help themselves in there country.
With limitations. And you know there must be limits. We don't have financial resources any longer to be fiscally irresponsible.
How about vetting them so American citizens can be safe
go live in England
Nothing in the U.S. Constitution about refugees.  Let someone else take care of them.
Leader for freedom ,right but bringing in terrorist doesn't help us brain dead schumer
Chucky the days of #OpenBorders are over!
How many live in your gated community?
Safety for them to go elsewhere.
..no it's not.  Put them on a train back across the border
Especially those pedofiles you demand entry for. NY cannot be that stupid to have this slurpy represent them.

The first part and second part of that sentence are in no way related.  I dont think safety and freedom mean what you think they mean.
so just when is the right time ole chuckie???
No Chuck , you cannot have it. When you look at an immigrant ,all you see is another vote . You have a warped mind .
Nope, not under control here..... gonna be awhile..... wouldn't want them coming in and kneeling at the wrong time
Cashing in on the votes. What we need to do is get the UN to do their job, stop the leftist bullshit around the world that is creating this
Blah blah blah. No one is against legal immigration and a sane number of refugees. You know it. Term limits. You've been there too long.
Why don't you go make Chicago a safer place?
You just can't stand seeing a slow down in new democRAT voters
Senator Schumer, wrong as always!
Schumer can't wait to vote you out.
First of all we are not a democracy and never have been. Secondly we should only take in refugees that wish to assimilate into our culture.
We do not want them Here.
Let them stay in ur neighborhood then chucky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHXIAayEDtc …   how can we be free if allow people who want to kill us in the usa?  thats wht @POTUS wants laws to protect
No
Stop putting American in harm way
We cant take everyone.
Hit & Run politics from Schumer! Say something controversial and never wait for the reply's, just move on to the next talking point.
Many of us will be "climate refuges" in the near future.
Resettling refugees into the US is BAD for the economy. Our allies abroad were dumb enough to buy into Merkel's migrant trap. #AmericaFirst
3 Countries in the EU however, are not dumb. Kudos to them.
I guess since we're running a budget surplus and have ended poverty for all American citizens we might as well bring them all in! Tnx Chuck!
Where does it end?  Between immigration and refugees, the numbers are staggering.  Let help them fix their own countries.
You are so full of crap.   If you were any kind if a leader you would quit.
There are Americans who are  worse than refugees in their own country. They are beat down,jobless,homeless &sick. Udon't care abt them
Eight years in the worst GNP. In history Reagan  7%, Obama never broke 3% you guys just don't get it your failures you're fired
You need to fix America first. You need to follow the legal processes of immigration first. We need jobs in order to help others.
One way 2 help #Refugees? Stop bombing their countries:#Iraq #Libya #Syria #Yemen etc...
No it is not! We don't pick up the dime for the world. Bible says don't take into your land edom.. is ID as Babylon & Islamic ppl (Esau ppl)
Missing from looney Left is wisdom. We have that now in the White House. Can not help anyone if you are unable to help yourself.  #MAGA
Nope.  Judging by the responses so far, you and the NYT are again on the wrong side of the issue.
Fix America first and there are many problems. Instead of filling you pockets
This coming from the man that pushed US into NationKilling 20 TRILLION debt! Set RaceRelations back 40yrs, & Destroyed US healthcare! #MAGA
Everything is wrong for you. Upchuck
Senator. I was going to comment but you can read tweets to see your all alone on this.....again.
Nah.
Hey swampking don't you think we have enough problems of our own 20 trillion in debt  plus all the hurricane relief needed USA first
Refugees need to be vetted
America must protect its citizens first. Our National Debt, and unfounded liabilities, is a serious national security threat. Think first.
We can't keep on bringing people in and support them and we can't support our own people they are starving and out on the street. Wake up!!!
There are 60 Million displaced people in the world. How many are U suggesting we let enter? All of them?solution help in their country.
How about safety in our inner cities Chuck? You love to garner their votes with all of your liberal promises but when push comes to shove?
Did you read about the Syrian refugee who allegedly raped and murdered a 26 year old Lebanese woman in her home?
So much for gratitude for giving him work in her home
Chuck u how do you sleep at night?
Quick,  write Schumer a check. His beach house needs repair.
Please shut your un informative trap
accept the freedom part. words hurt and guns are bad and we can't allow people to pay taxes, we have to steal from their paycheck.#notfree
When will u be a leader for freedom for us in this country? All you want to do here is cram bigger & bigger govt & down our throats.
Schumer you think you have ppl fooled....only fellow Dimms!
Talk about safety?! What a joke. Illegals youre tryin2 protect took Nancy right off her pedestal. Illegals demand?!
No it's not dummy!!
You are jsut looking for voters.

How does taking refugees 5000 miles away from their home help them or ?

-None to little English
-Traumatic stress
-Welfare recipients
No Chucky, no more refugees,  did you see what happened in Alabama?  We're taking this country back, you need to get on board.  Wicker is gone in Miss.  Guarantee you.
Get more Dem voters AT ALL COSTS----We The People are wise to you
What part of AMERICA 1ST don't you understand. We have enough problems
Move to a different country chucky
How do we know these refugees are not terrorists?
I wish you would spend just 1/3rd of the time that you do on US not all this crap with every other thing that apparently you stand for refugees and anyone else that takes OUR money to help them not US
Why don't you go to where he refugees are Chuck. Make their lives better in their home countries. You know what's best for everyone.
Historically, immigrants were welcomed to the US as a part of nation building, increase population. Now it's a burden on our country.
@POTUS @teleCommuTing cryme ariver schumer is a nut! Pure, simple! Refugees cost us, middleclass everything! DermsVotes
@realDonalTrump with American natural disasters costing 100 Billions, the last thing we need are more Demstofeed
Please resign Schumer!  Your useless!
Europe has adopted this policy already. Now look at the mess their in. We already spoke to this topic on Nov 8th.
Chucky the clown wants to help refugees instead of our own American people! Smh! How do you sleep at night? #termlimits #shameful #retire
How many refugees did you take in Chucky????? USA full and broke because of politicians like you! Take them to your house and pay for them.
No we do not need all these refugees, how about taking care of the Native American Indians.  They are more important to America.
Come on Schumer!  Stop  with your Politics! #maga
Alert: Schumer takes road of ending his leadership . Sadly man has no sense of country over his politics! Will be voted out !
Not on our soil or with my $   Donate your millions
We don't need to be flooding America with refugees and illegals. They can be taken care of in their own countries & neighbor countries
As long as they are returned to their country ASAP.
Thought u we’re in favor of Obama’s leading from behind policy chuck?
Refugees not in our country we can help them in their. Every abled-bodied individual should stay in their country, fight for change.
No it's not
I do agree with Senator Chuck Schumer a Trillion Times
A trillion wrongs still makes you wrong my friend!
Nope... we need to take care of our citizens who will need to come here From PR fist. We won’t forget the beech invasions in Spain, & terror
I agree, but we can't even get American's back from Puerto Rico...
Then YOU support them chuck.
Can you guarantee there are no terrorists among the refugees so no harm to ppl
Hey chuck it's not your 1.35 billion dollars it's ours get rid of them
We already have a homeless crisis...Schumer wants to bring more in, which pay to take care of them with you money.


