ALL states should refuse. That's an invasion of privacy!
I totally agree.

Why do they want such details on voters? It's horse that it would be for any count verification. Mobster shakedown.
It's actually a violation of the first amendment to the Constitution,  making it illegal!
Explain how.
I think she means 4th amendment.
4th Amendment is against search and seizure.  Not obtaining information the government already has!
Just like the 2nd amendment is meant for muskets and gun powder?!
Please show me where in the 2nd amendment it says muskets and gunpowder.
Don't give him a damn thing till we see tax returns. @realDonaldTrump
Not required to show tax returns.
NOT REQUIRED TO SHARE  MY VOTING RECORD OR ANY OTHER PRIVATE INFORMATION.
This does not require to show your voting record, only your registration information, most of which are already on file
Whatever happened to "State's Rights"?
So please answer, are you for states rights?
Of course. Aren't you?
So when the states vote against gay marriage or prayer in school, you agree they have that right?
So far NJ has been dead silent. @ChrisChristie @KimGuadagnoNJ I do not want @KansasSOS @KrisKobach1787 having my personal voter information.
I live in New Jersey. Better not give out our private information. I'll sue Christie along with everyone !
You talk so big. You aint goin do shit. News flash, the gov already has your personal info.
So why ask for it again? You don't talk so big.
And maybe they are dead Republicans are voting too.
Agree. There is no fraud. This whole thing is a scam and a waster of tax dollars.
If this voter crap is so important to Kris, do it for free
He wants them to better prepare for cheating next time. Keep lists away from him!
Why do they need this information?  I have a problem with "Man Baby" having access to my private information.
You're freaken outrageous! Look in the mirror you cry baby! Aren't you tired of looking stupid???
As it should be,too much fraud on part of you dems
I believe the states are telling them GFY!!!!
I have to assume that CA will not go along with it.  I'd guess others like OR and WA, too.
Now MS is not turning it over, either.  Good luck with this.
He wants to stop voter fraud. This and show ID to vote is something the left is against. Without voter fraud they can't win.
Hilarious 
oh yeh - my governor @GovernorVA sent out a tweet about this today. POTUS administration slipped this in. Voters better watch out & speak up
I would be concerned that POTUS would sell the info to Russia or some other entity. @RoyCooperNC
What is outrageous is the possibility someone voted fraudulently!
Well at least we will know who voted
New Jersey Had Better get on this list. Here that new Governor hopeful NOT ON THIS LIST.
Don't forget Cali.
Outrageous is you guys hiding what is going on with the voting
He's a fraud. He's only found 12 cases that "may be voter fraud"
Really - I don't pay Lifelock $25/month to keep my SS and info safe for nothin'.  Sorry Trump.
Is this legal ? Dont I have a say in my social security number ?
You sound bipartisan, but you aren't. We know that you have no intentions to work with Pres. Trump. You don't want Pres. Trump to succeed
I'm enraged. No way do they have any right to my SS# OR who I voted for! Get these clowns out of office.
He's putting other major topics into hands of States so "President Jack-ass" should accept their responses. "NO VOTER INFO!" @CNN #AMJoy
It's ok Chuck. They just want the ones for the living voters, not all those dead ones who vote Dem.
#Montana .@GovernorBullock  said absolutely NOT!
Montanans deeply value our right to privacy. We will absolutely not be providing citizens' private voter data to the federal government.
Second thing ever that Mississippi does best. First is CFB tailgating.
22 states so far
I'm trying to figure out why you find this so outrageous? Hmmmm....
#unhackthevote 
I've compiled a list of state responses to Kobach's request below. :)
.@realDonaldTrump Election Integrity Commission asked ALL states for PRIVATE voter roll data, such as political party & SSNs. #unhackthevote 
well done and THANK YOU 
Hope it helps. :)
hell yeah it does. Remember when it was the right wing that claimed federal overreach? *winsome sigh*
Why can't Congress stop @POTUS inappropriate behavior & demands? Congress shld be the on the pres! The government is failing the country!
Govt has been failing the country since Regan!
In many ways, I'd have to agree!

Excellent, Jacob!!!!! Thank you!!
Thank you, friend.
17 intelligence agencies 
Kris, are you doubting there are 17 Intelligence agencies or do you think there are more?  Not sure what you're trying to say.
As per wonderful amazing journalist @maddow what else are they going to ask for? Bra size?!? WTF!!! #impeach45 #impeachtrumpNOW #russiagate
I have NO PROBLEM in your giving them mine in order to protect the integrity of our voter systems in the future.....
This is definitely outrageous. And they call themselves the party of small government. #Resist
That's right, you Democrats know there was voter fraud, so don't BS anybody.
Subpoena the records. Chuck what are you afraid of. We all know what you're afraid of
He can do this, but he can't release his taxes?
It appears no state, even red ones, will cooperate with this blatant NAZI action
@MadelyneRants @POTUS I think WE the People have the right to opt out! My info is none of their damn business!
I couldn't agree more.
Kobach himself has refused to turn over KS SSN information...
DB
22 states now won't hand over voter info to Kobach: CA, CT, IN, KY, MA, MN, NC, NM, ND, NV, NY, OH, OK, PA, RI, SD, TN, UT, VA, VT, WA, WI
And I heard Kansas, Kobach's own state??
I hope you're right. Haven't heard #KS yet, but they're coming in fast & furious now.
Agreed!!  NH announced today that they are "happy" to comply. I may have to move to a state that protects my personal information
OMG that sucks Kim!
Unfortunately our governor will do whatever he has to in order to kiss up to Trump.  It's disgusting!  
Do not comply.
#voterfraud Russia Collusion has no proof, must investigate. Voter fraud has no proof, must not investigate
Republicans are petrified of gun Registries and yet they weren't voter rolls turned over! Private information! Go Fish
It's his thank you gift for Putin next week. But it's cool. What could go wrong ?
Cc @secstatewa don’t do it. Don’t you dare.
WA said no!
Why is it outrageous everyone wanted voter recounts when he won the election now he is fixing a problem career politicians let go for years
Because Dimms have been stuffing ballot boxes since God knows when.
New York City has the most corrupt BOE in the country# Drain the Swamp
The info is public with exception of SS# & the gov has it. Big deal.
The voters info is to be sent to a MILITARY Safe site,please read the Korbach letter carefully IMP IMP
The SAFE site is an acronym - it means a file transfer protocol for large data files - Safe Access File Exchange.
No read the addresses in the actual letter closely....two SAFE sites listed..one is Military..Army actually
That is just the location of the SAFE site - it doesn't mean the information is safe - it says it can be made public -
Safety is the least of the concern
..would you want the Military to have access to your personal info ?
I definitely don't want the GOP to have this information to purge voters from the rolls!
@Graceann319 @POTUS No voter information for this administration. Trump is a Waste of money, time and effort.
Donald Trump doesn't care. He wants to be an Oligarch. Centralizing our voter information lets Russia to further destroy our democracy.
Why do they want this information - this is scary and absolutely an invasion of our privacy and goes against the 10th amendment.
They have all the information already except how you registered!
Do they have your SS#, name and address?  If so, the only thing they are requesting is voting registration, which I don't agree with.
What happened to no big government?
Horrible invasion of privacy. Thank you for denouncing this.
You do understand all of your "personal information " has been issued by the government right
My govenor @GovChrisSununu NH gave all our information away and didn't even know what they will do with. I'm very upset!
He wants to know who voted for him and the rest of us go into "Concentration Camps."  Ha Ha it's curtains for us liberals.
Funny, Not Funny 
I know.  I really shouldn't joke about that.
U Could Always "Smoke" n Watch Comedy!!!  I Do
They need to legalize pot, then I wouldn't give a shit.I would laugh at everything Trump says.  We all need pot to get us through this 4 yrs
Exactly Not Legal Here Either but Hope it will be soon
I'm waiting!
Doesn't care abt the Russian's hatching R country bt to many votes for H is worst he is president nt her he going nuts Russian fraud nt her
Dems seem to be protecting voter fraud and social security fraud. They're also protecting drugs, cartels, criminals w open borders.
Outrageous, we need to protect our privacy
Give out my info Christie you assmuffin and I will sue you personally.
I fear that Trump stooge Christie will sell out NJ. What can ee do?
NO!!!!!
They have countless voter fraud in Virgina Indiana California and Nevada #NoIDNoVote
Help me understand. The IRS already has our names & SS#, which is part of govt, so why so upset if the govt get names/SS of voters?no2FRAUD!
What are you afraid of Chucky
The domino effect.
Until the Democrats realize that the Republican Party's only mission is to destroy our democracy, we will not be able to defeat this danger.
1984 is here!!!!!
And voter history.
I am so glad that small government, state rights, individual freedom loving Republicans are in power - not those sneaky liberals #GnOP
Georgia's Gov. Deal Is Going To Hand Over Every Georgia Voter's NAME, Who They've EVER Voted For, Address, SS#. Confidential? Yep
It Is Wrong For The Admin. To Collect Every Voter's Name, Who They've Voted For Going Back Years, Address, SS#-About Gerrymandering.
Deny, deny, deny and the do not provide.
I find it just as outrageous that they also want party affiliation. The party any person registers with has nothing to do with eligibility.
The tyranny of @POTUS is getting worse by the day
I thought we have been told NOT to give out SS number... I don't remember having to give to get my voters card
Its outrageous that the dems are accusing potus for the Russia matter, no proof of anything but they keep on wasting time money perusing  it
They should show or do they have crap to hide
Last 4 of SS#.  Govt already has it!
Besides criminal background and who they voted for. INSANE.
I'll go off the Grid!
You are correct - this is outrageous! Imagine what they might find out if states provided the information!
Please CO do not send voter info
If my SS is given out I will sue this White House!
How can we let this crap continue??
LOL It's The Last 4 digits .. Show You Have Nothing To Hide !!!
@SenSchumer Thanks again for standing up for what is right. We're supposed to protect our SS #'s since they can easily be misused.
I'm screwed. Live in GA. Kemp will go along, at least in part #resist
Notice its all the super liberal states refusing to cooperate.
Hmmm
This is definitely a violation of the first amendment.  Illegal!
What's the matter Chuck are y'all afraid they'll find that you were committing voter fraud
Guess we're not a free country anymore, what did we do to make this stop? Nothing. Thanks @SenateMajLdr @SenJohnMcCain @SpeakerRyan @POTUS
so convince some of the fellow 1% to do something about it.  whats the point of senate if you can't be co-equal branch.  Stop bannon
Voter fraud fake issue. Thank you, NY, for not turning over voter info
What's wrong Schumer, you are just proving Trump is right! Dead people, illegals are voting!
ACTUALLY, he should appoint another Constitutional Conservative to the Supremes and get voter ID passed. U Dems have cheated long enough!
I say let it happen... Let the hackers have a field day with so many SSNs to the point where the gov enables a massive credit reset.
Anyone remember the end of "Fight Club"? The shoddy idea at a credit reset? Your president just figured out a way to make this reality.
Voter lists and SS numbers? Big Brother has moved into the WH! No one has a list of all the voters in 50 states with SS numbers. Dangerous.
I haven't heard anything from Washington State yet... Please Please PLEASE!! @secstatewa @GovInslee @attgen @AGOWA
Because of voters who are dead and all the ones who are illegal aliens. Voter fraud!
Please explain how you propose to make sure that only U.S. citizens are voting in federal elections. Always bashing, but no solutions.
VIOLATION OF PRIVACY ACT ...  @realDonaldTrump
Do you have something to hide? Let's start with California. How many illegals were bused in to vote in return for sanctuary?
Of course there's voter fraud; as 45's commission collects our personal 411, he'll steal our identities and then our votes!  #CrazySOB45
Maybe if dead people weren't being signed up by democrats to vote there wouldn't be an issue.
What do you got to hide
It is TOTALLY outrageous!   Yes, the states need to line up.  NO!
Great idea !! Worried Democrats ?? Voter fraud is real !
Add PA to the list

If ur 4 this ur crazy, they are talking about making things like yous SS# public-not to mention its all based on a lie
Unfortunately Maine's governor is a Moron.
Wrong! Voter registration rolls need to be cleaned up now. Stop the obstruction!! Many vote in multiple states, dead people & illegals vote.
Chuck U guys better not let this happen.Protect r rights.Do not allow voter suppression.Keep r Democracy in order. BTW get rid of Elect.Colg
Alabama should not give away voter information. It is a lot to deny voting rights to citizens
@FLGovScott Floridians #JUSTSAYNO to Kobach & trump request for our voter info.
Having a list of all citizens that might oppose you, is a dictator's move. Wake up folks we need to read the writing on the wall. 2018 vote
200ml ppl r eligible to vote..breaching a dozen privacy laws by putting it all on the web is not legislation.. its a control mechanism.
Me and others have encouraged our Governor @JohnKasich to refuse to participate in this alternative reality narcissistic sociopaths BS!
Massachusetts will never abide. 
But this you know. 
He's crazy, unfit, bizarro! He needs to be stopped, since he don't want to be schooled.
All states need to give @POTUS the middle finger.
It's outrageous that they should have to. DNC supports voter fraud so I guess this is what has to be done.  Support Voter ID.
Uh Yea, @BrianKempGA  tell them NO Coter info from Georgia
OUTRAGEOUS. What can we do against it. This is voters' suppression on a crazy level. HELP.
Voter registration list are public information.

24 states have said no far, Mississippi winning the response game telling Kobuch to go jump in the Gulf of Mexico.
This is a very good thing, WE must know who is voting in this countrySchumer U R A 
We thinks POTUS has a great idea!
You mean KY and VA's lead
What are you afraid they'll find?
GA is giving PUBLIC info only. So they say.
Just shut up. The only person we are more tired of is Pelosi. All of you fight against each other without trying. You encite
Afraid they will find out who actually voted illegally Chuck?
Invasion of privacy 2.0 times infinity!
Voter Intimidation out the arse!
Hostile takeover!
Good there goes a third of your voters.  Kiss the Democratic party goodbye 
There's more support for them now then before. Mr. 35 percent approval rating isn't doing too hot.... but you're not a fan of real facts.
a violation of my constitutional right to privacy. Am sure the SSA prohibits disclosure of our numbers. May sue if AG doesn't.
Shut off ALL FED money to states that say no, why so nervous, cuz dems know they will get caught
When pigs fly and Trump releases all his tax returns
Can somebody talk to that bully oaf toady Christie?
Incredibly FUCKED up!  I'm fighting the fear as hard as I can
Exactly. So they can HELP the Russians hack us?  No doubt that's what they want it for. No one trusts @POTUS. Sad!
Who is more of a threat to our democracy,putin or trump?The simple answer is putin but upon a closer look the lines r blurred.
Obstruction from you as usual. You need to resign.
@GovernorTomWolf in Pa is NOT GOING TO COMPLY!!  Thank you Governor!!
...and we know why "Chuckie-Cheeze"@SenSchumer's pissed...
He couldn't be DOG CATCHER without illegals' votes; without MULTIPLE votes!!
Yes, well if the law doesn't apply to potus, they shouldn't apply to us either.  I hope all states say no.
And Kobach is apparently not even responding to HIS OWN REQUEST speaking for the State of Kansas.
If you are truly a patriot you will fight this
No way !! BTW where are your taxes #45 ?
Chris Kobach needs2b@ the top of the list of GOP operatives that #The Resistance needs2 destroy. He wants2 rig all elections infavor of GOP.
Yup. You are afraid of proof that many many illegals voted. A large Democrat voter base.
How about defunding commission and give the money to planned parenthood!!
They are... dude, keep up. At least 18 states are saying NO.
He wants our info but refuses to show his taxes.  What's he hiding?
All the principles involved are voting suppressionists + the req is on behalf of Russia in preparation for 2020. #StopKobach
Chuck, "outrageous" is all you can say? They are attempting to take away voting rights. Will you please start talking tough and direct?
I don't find it surprising at all! Putin is on the rise in the WH! The Gestapo in the WH is killing this country daily!
I wouldn't trust them with a roll of toilet  paper let alone my SS#.
Nooo way..THIS IS NOT Russia or N. Korea& as much as TRUMP thinks HE dicktator THIS IS STILL democracy! Or atlast i checked! 
They like to counter with "no, it's not, it's a republic", anything to fit their narrative
Yup....gotta to comer up the truth A Chuckles.
Outrageous attack on our Democracy and an affront to all of us Election Officials who take an oath to follow rules
Sure. In New York I need an ID for just about everything I do, except VOTE!. Gotta keep those illegals voting Democrat!
Please Ct. Do not allow!
Get it straight! They asked ONLY public information. They asked CT. And Only last 4 digits of SS if public in that state!
And the games begin! Knowing these fools you will need a 800 credit score to vote.
As of this moment there are around 31 states that are not complying with the request. WA's gov told the admin 2 go jump in Lake Washington.
I do not trust our WH and no way should they get that information.
