Didn't your idol Obummer give away control of the Internet anyway? You can better than that chuckles...
Where are the leaders of our land!
This should be the prowess of congress
Yeah and u allowed transfer of its control to foreigners
And we still don't get to see his taxes.
Best seen by the IRS. Have we seen Schumer's & yours?
Trump has serious conflicts of interest. And I'll show you mine if you show me yours!
All talk & no action.
You started it. So show me your taxes. Or are you scared? Don't start something you can't finish.
Hopefully you've learned that POTUS's tax returns is the business of the IRS & no one else.Please congratulate our POTUS on great job done.
There are serious conflicts of interest and you know it. If the same situation was with Obama or Clinton, your hair would be on fire.
Consumer protection is and always has been a joke.  When it comes to Democrats, follow the money.

Why do Republicans seem 2 get such a thrill out of knifing American people n the back? Even their own followers. Some mental illness here.
Perhaps you missed the behavior of Obama for the past 8 years?
Can't wait till we see: press trump most common search: Vladimir Putin sexy
Didn't Obama do the same thing for Google and Facebook? Yes is the answer to the question, why? Because they donated to Obama
Didn't you cry about it then? So now it's ok?
It does make you wonder what he was thinking.
OBAMA LET FACEBOOK AND GOOGLE DO IT FOR YEARS
And you cried about it for years. But now it's ok?
It's time for all freedom loving Americans to Not Take This Anymore. If we have change parties to protect our Democracy Do It Now.Scream Up!
#SenSchumer. I disagree with you on many issues but I agree with you completely on the Internet privacy issues  by Executive Order.
Shocking!!!  Idiots are in charge!!!
Move to impeach the Cheeto in chief.
It's going to take YEARS to undo all this damage.
I hope that the first thing sold and posted are Trump's tax returns!
It just gets worse and worse. Where's my rock? I'm certain it's past time for me to crawl under it. #NightmareAdmin
Awful! Its like being violated by strangers in our sleep. I had my network hacked by fixit peple and this is worse! This must  now. Please!
I don't think Trump has the faintest idea what he is signing. They put something in front of him and a camera and he signs it.
I'm taking money out of my 401k. I'm buying @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr browser history! MITCH SUCKS! He's 1st!
What does he get out of this??
I have a feeling it let's gov at that info easier too. But advertisers wanted this. I'm sure they donated lots of campaign money.
The money part I buy! He can never have enough and he doesn't care how he gets it!
Well then speak to Donnie's internet and get his tax forms. Then when he's in jail @HillaryClinton can put us back together again.
I'm not nervous about my internet surfing Shmucky,   how about you??
Dems are vile lawbreakers who tried to steal the election. Their candidate was such a horror, they couldn't even win by cheating. #RiceGate
U worried Cuck ur secrets r going to get out!! Hahahahaha they will!
This just makes me sick to my stomach.
And the Donald cares less about other people PERIOD
and what are you and everyone else doing about it?  What on earth do we need to do to impeach this asshole before he destroys us all!!!!
Please start impeachment proceeding. Soon. Please...
the NSA has it any way so why not
No different from what FB and Google have been doing for years. Why is everyone so up in arms? It's been happening to you for years now.
Gee which one of his rich cronies will benefit from this ? #FollowTheMoney
Companies that donate  to campaigns of congress members have an opportunity because of what DT signed 2be able 2buy our private data! 
Perhaps we all need to start googling Russian golden showers? Let them sell that data...
Hey Obama let Google and Facebook do it. So what the big deal? Dems arent getting a slice of the pie?
Let's hope he's the first victim.
Excellent...should have been done a long time ago...getting away from '1984'
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
Look into how Cambridge Analytics might play into this.  It might not just be about making money, it might be about controlling the message.
Shouldn't have used the terms "highest bidder"; it probably SOLD @POTUS on it. Literally. >_<
Trump is a pitiful excuse for a president. We appreciate all you're doing 2 fight the Reps. We have 2 make sure this doesn't happen in 2020!
We are so unprotected with nowhere to turn actually
That certainly seems like a conservative thing to do. #cognotivedissonance #gop #impeachtrump
Oh, the irony. From the criminal who accuses everyone else of spying on him. POS!!
@POTUS is ruining my country.
Hey jerk, one day democrats will be in charge again and they will reverse all your terrible ideas.
#SaveUs
Its not like i dont already get 5 phone calls a day from call centers. no biggy..
Hey Fake Tears, POTUS Trump's law permits internet providers to keep doing what they've always done.  Be honest in your statements.
Nothing weirder than middle class voting Republican.
Hard to believe the stuff this administration thinks is okay.
@realDonaldTrump does this include Trump private internet Data??? Or will they be the only ones exempt
@SenSchumer remind you of what obama did under his term w/ info taken by Americans. Didn't he run on not standing w/ that? #funny #maga
Susan rice just exposed Americans to illegal identity identification. Dems use Court for personal gain. Quit it and get to work.
liar
What do you expect from @realDonaldTrump? He's an asshat and needs to be impeached.
Browser history is already for sale and tracked. Look at google, adds coming your way always fit your searches. Wake up.
There goes ALL your secrets
Thanks for standing up for us, Chuck!
U r a joke
I'm old enough to just say "fuck 'em"and throw the computer into the cactus. Seriously. I'm so tired of the shit that shows up in my emails!
Don't kill the messenger. Your computer is innocent
This from a guy who won't release his taxes.
U have something to hide Chucky???
Would that be the bill you whole heartedly supported a few years back?? That's why you are a phony political shyster #LyingChucky
Schumer &other lib/mod party are the highest bidders
Hey, your buddy Podesta and Hillary got hacked because they're stupid..NOT because of Internet protection law...Bwahahahaha haha!!!!!!!
Oh and incidentally there is NOTHING Americans can do about this extreme violation of our privacy?
Where are our protections as tax paying citizens!?!?!
I still say it Violates the 4th Amendment! Do WE still have a #Constitution,B/C Im not seeing it! #Dems,do UR Job!
Right of the people to be secure in their persons,houses,papers,& effects,against unreasonable searches & seizures,shall not be violated!
Disgusting

And when/how are Dems and courts going to fight this. Another serious reason for for some real change this election cycle. let's impeach.
#justwrong
It was an executive order,  Congress had nothing to do with this
Stop living in the "Glass is 3/4ths. Empty " world. Good place for losers.
And Schumer signed away his soul to the extreme leftists in his party.
Schumer sells out country. Hack politicians in #DNC worry us. Broken party w/obstruction agenda. Pay your insurance premiums. Stop freebies.
Let's pray they go after Trump's privacy rights first & every person on Hill who voted for this!
I really hope they see my searching on Internet. Impeached Presidents, avg age of human death, how to hide money, make friends in Russia!
And the highest bidder will sell the info or lease the info to many other parties, so just assume everyone gets it...
No comments today about your president OBAMA and Susan Rice?  Didn't think so 
Dumb-a** move
Will it be a company he has stock in the purchase these rights
once again Chuck paints with a broad brush when it suits him. The bill leveled the field between ISPs & search engines...
Get the money out of politics.
Disgusting
you're an embarrassment to this country Schumer! Please retire!!
Thanks trump voters
How do you like him now Deplorables?
So... not like anything is private anymore..like phone conversations etc. @POTUS
Senator, what is your position on Susan Rice scandal? Even fake news trying to avoid the topic.
Where is the Trump taxes... @nytimes @NancyPelosi @maddow
Could that be Russia?
Bullshit!  Every user of social media is already tracked & profiled. U know this senator, you R trying 2 scare constituents.  Lie & scare
That doesn't bring back jobs. Just puts more money in marketing pockets.
Stop the political rhetoric Chucky and come back to reality.
And all you do is cry! How about you get off your high horse and work with the President
No me moleste más  MAGA
Tor Time
I hope you are the first one hacked!
Excellent! Hopefully, I'll get some good offers sent to me. You're the definition of regulation gone wild.
Don't see you commenting on recent revelations that Susan Rice had surveillance of Trump/Team Intel which had nothing to do with Russia!
@chellewilsonaka @POTUS not surprised-the greediness of the trumps and their ilk never surprise me
....are you hiding something chucky??
He's a monster and so is most of Senate
How many jobs did that create?
Do you have something to hide Chucky.....
This pales in comparison to the American freedoms the @dnc have signed away.
Why are 7 Dems voting for Gorsuch!?  Who are they? We need to know BEFORE VOTE, not after!
WhT??
Too bad the news isn't reporting that. People ( especially trump voters) need to know this stuff BEFORE it happens
It always has been for sale and was never private, the only difference is the ISP can now do it too...
What you got to hide Chuckie??
What about HIS and YOURS? That's the inclusive, congressional YOURS.
I think we should raise $ to buy info of every trump supporter we encounter on twitter. Sell it off to whomever wants it & recoup $.
Serious question... Is there software available to keep my isp provider from seeing and sharing my info...  If not I see a market for it
odd that cnn has nothing about Susan rice
Gather all of congress republicans information and broadcast it everywhere
DISGUSTING
POTUS likes hacking.  This should be no surprise.
and who are the Rs who spoke out against this? all those libertarians and Ayn Rand groupies?
What is the URL so that I can read the legislation?
Chuck Schumer @SenSchumer signed away our country to politics.  Schumer does not care about America nor the American people.  A:banish him!
copy @RepTomMacArthur thanks Congressman and @GOP for not giving a shit about my personal info...I WILL REMEMBER!
I knew he would
Where can I place a bid? Is there a gofundme account?
You took for free
did he say why? WTH.
Bulk data, not individual. That's illegal. And you know it.
That is a crime nobody ask me iWork 16 hours a day for 50 years I'm one of the people who help turn the wheel make him who he is,no respect
Wait, I thought Obama already gave away protecting us!
Hello VPN-encrypted browsers and VPN mobile apps.
This has me mad as hell! Whoever wants to see my internet history is going to get an education! #CountryOverParty #Impeach45
I'm very upset. Why even do business online anymore? A lot of us are going to take a hit, especially e-commerce and using forms.
better then you signing away our country.
Why didn't you filibuster it? Because it was exec order #ObamaGate signed to block @realDonaldTrump style of campaigning. It was an HRA.
my information was already being sold and used to get me to buy other products on the internet
You and obama tried to internet control to China and Russia - fact. You have no voice
We need a go fund me to buy his browser history.
kinda hope someone hacks and leaks @POTUS history. I'm guessing it's Sick! Sad! Weak!
Which of potus' buddies get rich?  You are fired!
All the while refusing to release his tax returns.
Russia can just buy our browser history to target us for their attacks!  No need to hack us illegally when they have DJT
Was it a midnight deal?
Government representing corporate "people" over actual people every damn time.
That's ok, his is up for sale too along with all of @GOP
Getting government out of my business is very enlightening. Let the consumer decide.
'bout what I expected.  Thanks @gop  Republicans, you're the absolute worst.
Everyone keeps telling us that. I sit here relatively powerless. Repubs don't care. What are you going to do about it?
#WorstPresidentEver
@realDonaldTrump How money did Trump and his big business tech buddies  make from this EO? Investigate now.

