Obamas appointees were voted in w/ Reps support.2 in fact! If Hilary won,no guarantee she would keep Garland as nominee!Fake outrage!
Not with a president under federal investigation he should not be able to nominate anyone until it is complete
Hillary  is under fed inveztigation
The house investigation FBI and senate and I hope it ends in an independent investigation and they nail him
JAN GO SIT IN THEDUGOUT YOUR TEAM LOST AND LOST BIG
Wow you are really a very angry man do you feel threatened by women
DEMS are full of s#*t, they are exercising hangster rule; you snub one of ours, we snub one of yours. Do the right thing confirm Gorsuch.
Why didn't GOP do the right thing and confirm Garland?
If Garland meant that much to the Dems,  Hillary would have won and the Senate majority would have changed.  Dems didn't show up. Sorry!!!
The dems did show up, in fact 3 million more dems showed up. #Trumprussia
Dead, or illegal russians. LOL
Dems changed the rule. Don't complain now.
Not for Supreme Court justices, and you know it.
Nucular option was for all matters that comes before the Senate for a vote. Suggest a little more research and reading.
Wrong. The SC was deliberately excluded.
Sorry, but incorrect. Takes 60 votes (super majority) to end filibuster. Only 51 to confirm nominee. Harry Reid  used nuclear on 11/21/2013.
@realDonaldTrump 
@RealJamesWoods 
@AppSame 
@CarmineZozzora 
 @slone
@peddoc63 
#SundayMorning
#MeetThePress #FakeNews about #FakeNews
@realDonaldTrump 
@RealJamesWoods 
@AppSame 
@DRUDGE_REPORT 
 @slone
@peddoc63 
#SundayMorning
#MeetThePress #FakeNews  Bull Schiff!  #Awan
Sean Spicer HAS TO GO. I'm done paying his salary.
Has this question of "how do we stop this?" Ever been pointed to the man who's ultimately responsible? @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell's
@SenSchumer 

If a nominee is so crappy they he/she can't get the votes, why change rules? Just change the nominee!
FAKE NEWS!
Your hashtag for one. We are all Americans, so we should vet people together, instead of dark money
Deflection to 2013 doesn't add any substance to everyone working together to better the gov.
Ignorant rules are destined for change!
Thanks Harry Reid
Chuckie, ur logic sucks. U fail 2 see that the Dems(& u r 1 of them)have created this resistance &carrying judg Garland over & overwith them
Harry Reid changed the rules Chuck you buffoon wake up
Obviously scared shitless about their own nuclear option being used against them. LOVE IT!
Wait until Trump nominates RBGinsburg's replacement. THAT will be a drama of nuclear proportions & even more entertaining.
Omg stock up on popcorn lol
I've got champagne for Gorsuch this week & replacing RBG will/b even bigger party. (Not wishing death on anyone of course, she could retire)
She will die on the bench. She will never retire.
When the other party becomes the party of "no" you neuter them.
GO NUCLEAR on the @TheDemocrats #Karma
The libs want the rules changed when it suits them!
You are absolutely right.That is why I became an Ex-Dem this year and voted for Trump. I woke up and realized they don'twork for the people
You just now figured it out?  Wow, you are a slow learner.
Get the republicans out
When you're the winners you can do what you want , under the rules at your disposal ... losers
I totally agree Senator Schumer. Also it was shameful what they did to Merrick Garland. That is who deserves the seat.
Except when it is the Dems right?
This sounds like someone who forgot they lost in November.
All of a sudden what assholes liberals soon forget go nuke
Schumer wants what he wants just like a baby.
Stop digging your heals in. The dems will lose this battle Gorsuch WILL b on the Supreme Crt & Donald Trump will pick 1 more 4 supreme court
Dems did in the lower courts
@SenSchumer Well, the #dems want to #RESIST ALL things TRUMP/Republican. So a different #nominee will NOT suffice the #dems

Trump didn't win, until we investigate the Russian interest in our politics!
Common sense! It's a wonder that most of us just don't use it!!!!
No change in nominee. No negotiations with Minority party about nominees.  US needs originalists on SCOTUS to protect the Constitution. 
WaPo&Politifact:"There's no 'traditional' 60-vote 'standard' or 'rule' 4 SCOTUS nominations, no matter how much Democrats claim otherwise."
Interesting is the insane GOP's vane enough to think they have a chance of electing more than 1 Judge, R they going to do kill or retire ONE
What u don't set is this type of gridlock is what brought Trump to power. U are feeding right in.
There r consequences 2 losing elections. Americans voted - Dems lost. U look petty for acting this way. It has 2 stop somewhere (both sides)
It wouldn't matter who Trump nominated, Schumer would block the nomination because he's a total obstructionist ASS! We need #TermLimits
nukeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee yoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
THE REGIONAL PARTY (D) resistance suffers Huge Loss #SCOTUS  http://www.redstate.com/joesquire/2017/04/04/uh-oh-theresistance-suffers-huge-setback/ …
Change the nominee?  priceless.  Can we change YOU #chuckSchumer ...oh oh, and #NancyPelosi too???#DNCFuture .
We confirmed your liberals judges because they were qualified like Gorsuch even tho we didn't like it! U don't play fair. Karma is a b**ch!
Democrats are right to embrace their principled opposition to Gorsuch and if Mr. McConnell chooses to respond it will be his decision alone.
So misleading. Conf doesn't require 60 votes, just a simple majority. 60 votes is req'd to stop a fillibuster and allow vote.
Unless it's in favor of the democrats.  Right!
Very interesting.
Why did republicans follow the rules for Kagan and Sotomayer?  You are obstructing for no defendable reason
Quote of the day..Donald Trump could nominate Schumer to the Supreme Court and he would vote against himself just to OBSTRUCT Trump.
@RepJackBergman Please listen to your constituents! #noprobenorobe!
Susan Rice, someone get her a cigarette. Obama( Der Furher) put the her on a shoe box and she just fell off. Let's try again.
Hope u have some better snake oil to sell than this, 1st #Democrats created this option & repubs allowed the vote. Caught by ur own trap!
@SenSchumer What's the end game here?
GORSUCH is honorable,not 1 black mark, but because the Dems lost election,u wont approve anything - DISGUSTING...anti-American, childish
Change Schummer!!!
hypocrite you are sir and a Pharisee for sure. So so sad
FLASHBACK Feinstein in 2006: You Can’t Filibuster a SCOTUS Nominee Just Because You Disagree With Him
Not going to happen
Of course,Senator Chuck forgets to mention that NO SCOTUS JUSTICE has ever been filibustered in the history of the Senate. #DisgracefulChuck

Schumer, consummate a$$ clown.
Excuse me but Harry Reid changed the rules for the Democratic Congress, did U complain then? You can't have it both ways Senator, compromise
@realDonaldTrump @chuckschumer No we picked him months ago. You all loved him before President Trump liked him. No No No! Not fair!
Bl w me Stoner...
When the D's control nothing, hissy fits are all they have left
I can't wait... 2018 term limits will drain the swamp.
Wehopeto reachpeace intheland between the hikers an thedurationof the loveandbe as solid as the mountain ofthesnow isthemost beautiful peace
How many democratics didn't have a problem in 2006
News flash..to the victor, go the spoils
#JusticeGorsuch will be confirmed...and the next SCOTUS pick will also be Pres Trump's so Dems can resist or be adults
As long as rules help the dems they're okay?  Career politician needs to go.
You are pathetic. Period
No, we need to change the Senators.
You mean like you did on the lower courts? Webster dictionary has your picture next to "hypocrisy"
What was good for Harry Reid and the Dems is fair game for now.
Should have told Reid that. Party politics rules the country & Congress isn't doing the work they r paid to do. Country can't move forward.
@SenSchumer wildly hypocritical Senetor, the #harryreid nuclear option is coming home to roost #MAGA
Sen. Schumer on Gorsuch nominee: "When a nominee doesn't get 60 votes, you shouldn't change the rules -- you should change the nominee." 
RIP dems. Nukes will follow.  Dems screwed themselves royally on this one
Obama & Reid changed rules; gave unconstitutional orders; hurt the economy. Which lobbyists are paying you?  U have no credibility
You two, "Chuckie's" would love that, wouldn't you!  Not gonna happen. #paybacktime
Wrong @SenSchumer. We should change our representatives. And we will. You have destroyed the Democratic Party.
Quit your crying I'm looking forward to seeing the dems force nuclear option. Very good sign of their intelligence.
Shmucky Schumer strikes again!
Stop Nagging
Gorsuch would get more than 60 votes if you weren't such a "childish" leader and reach across the aisle knowing he really is a quality judge
@NancyPelosi thanks Harry Reid for us because now we're taking our country back and the Supreme Court
Funny, Chuckie, it was YOU that started all this, now it's commuppance time
Thanks Harry Reid for us because now we're taking our country back in the Supreme Court
Stop your bullying tactics against your own party. Do what is right for the American people and vote him in!!!You are acting ridiculous
Time for a mainstream senator from ny. Time to support Gorsuch
Schumer is a idiot and Todd is coming in behind him....
@chucktodd and @SenSchumer You are both so tiresome. Give it a rest!
thank you schemer
Haha Schmuck Schumer and Schmuck Todd....perfect together!
Dems lost so we MUST have a Liberal Justice!!!!  Unhinged.
I am ashamed someone let this camera addicted clown speak in my hometown of Velveetaland #SchumerisaLOSER
Schumer is a tool. Go nuclear!

:D  :D  :D   Loser!
Going nuclear. Been waiting along time for the Dems to muck it up. June is the next one to go. I'm sure they'll b 1 more b4 Trump gets out.
Democrats are a bunch of Criminal scum. Schumer KNEW about the illegal unmasking of private citizens.  can we send him to prison also?
When you vote against a qualified nominee just because he is republican, we should change the senator, not the nominee
You are out of the mainstream
Chuck Todd aren't you ashame of your non reporting???
Ah heck Chucky, they'll let ya have a vote on Garland. Have one today. This afternoon in fact. Jump back in the sandbox and raise your hand.
So Chuckie, you mean like Dingy Harry Reid did?
Yes!!!
Chuck, it's time to #retire
It’s infuriating Reps act so self-righteous in judgment
to Dems RE: Gorsuch. The Reps feel no shame for
denying Garrett his nomination!
This is so bad - It was your party that enacted the nuke vote. Deal with it. You made the bed - now sleep in it.
Does @chuckschumer think people just don't have a memory,no data to refer to when he and Democrats push lie after lie! It's just gross!
You don't make the rules @SenSchumer while your party is in minority. You and the Dims are just being obstructionists.
Why ? Because the dems taught us the idea is just win baby 
Excuse me Kagan and Sotomayor are "main stream"? LOL Nope the Republicans just rolled over for Obama like all of you did!
This man is either a idiot of just loves to push lies and propaganda! His leader changed to way it's done! Blame Harry!
@chucktodd When the host of a 'News' show is   a 100% biased lying Liberal, it's time to get a new host.
IF Obama had nominated Gorsuch instead of Trump nominating him would you still be voting no??? Answer the question @SenSchumer truthfully!
The false claims and hypocritical politi speech Mr Schumer is a joke. Pelosi and Dems will stop at nothing to prevent this nomination. #Lies
Schumer you are so full of it, you were going to vote no whoever @POTUS nominated because you r upset about garland, tell the truth!
Then how comfortable are you working AGAINST Gods will? You do realize whose side that means you have been on and still are?
That being the case.. of the election of this President in answer to MILLIONS of fervent prayers from Christians everywhere.
of our precious AMerican babies at long last from a fate so heinous those who do it deserve the death penalty. God made it happen.
What you see before you is the hand of God.  If another conservative replaces a liberal on the court and we can finally save the lives
Do you have the courage? Nancy Pelosi can't save you. She is just as lost. Diane F. can't save you..she too is lost. COURAGE chuck. COURAGE
into the hands of that Living God. Your fate awaits you but you still have a bit of time to change your eternity in hell.
The Living GOD who said it would be better for those who have hurt children to have a millstone tied round their neck than that they fall
so many MILLIONS of children's blood on your hands and then you are now what? Seventy? soon you will fall into the hands of
FACT: You weren't as opposed to #NuclearOption for USSC picks when Reid & Kaine threatened it before election. Remember Chuck? 
#Gorsuch
You want people who don't mind slaughtering another fifty five million tiny Americans because of Convenience.
They do not come any better than this man Gorsuch and you know it. Your side has just become so very EVIL that you don't want good people.
@SenSchumer I called your office no luck. Hope you see thiscan the Senate boat up or down vote and still block Gorduch?
I so often cannot even believe you have the gall to say the idiotic things you say and this one takes the cake.
Mind you a seat already taken
what it really means is we need to change YOU and all dems because it is YOU not Gorsuch whose character is DISGUSTING & ROTTEN!
Then why did you lead the change in Senate rules in 2013 for Harry Reid to get Obama's appeal court nominees thru? Hypocrisy
Aww. Poor Chucky. It's okay to change the rules, break laws & lie when it's his party. He's just not use to the rules of the game.
Wrong. There is NO good reason to oppose someone Dems approved unanimously only a few years ago. Same judge now that he was.
Remember when Dems controlled both Houses for about 40 yrs? Think that can't happen again but next time for GOP? Actions have consequences.
U Dems changed rules w/ Reid. Now you're screaming about the Repubs using your rules. U wouldn't allow Bush to nominate a SCOTUS. Hypocrite!
You know when you and the rest Dems lay your head down at night your voting against Gorsuch because you lost sore losers Americans suffer
When a man is as well qualified as Gorsuch and you think that he's not mainstream, it's time to change the rules.
This wouldn't be an issue if the Dems weren't playing party politics instead of voting on his qualifications. As a NYer, I want u 2 vote yes
Reid changed the rules to appt judges who would burn the Constitution and thn ram them thru! Hypocrites and LOSERS u are!
What's interesting is to scroll the comments and see the likes.  Schumer and other lib should look at the "likes" conserv views liked 3 to 1
The democrats are responsible for changing the rules in the past.
 Let's try a republican effort to follow.
Joe Manchin should run as an R next time, he doesn't seem to get w the D values + agenda
