But why can't the Dems admit Obamacare is bad? Then come to a bipartisan solution
Because it is not a bad plan. It may need improvement. But the insurance companies haven't liked it so they are smearing it for profit.
$1600 A month!!! No thanks Obama care is horrible.
Let's see your statement. I have YET to see an actual statement from someone claiming to pay so much under the ACA.
Sisters insurance went from$200 to $600 a month and no you are not seeing my statement.
Through employer? Self insured? Kids? Spouse? State? Kind of coverage? Has the coverage been utilized?
If you think questioning ppl about the cost of their insurance will make them less angry about the cost of their insurance you may be...
I'm just honestly curious. Here's why, I pay $28 a week through my employer w/$350 deductible. I'm just trying to understand the rest.
So can we see the plan the democrats have? You can't just cry about something and not show a better way. No wonder this party is going under
Really? That's your argument? 7 years your party could have come up with a great plan. But their only goal was to repeal
My party? Lol, I'm just analyzing and democrats right now look like a bunch of fools. I have no party sorry. Let's call a spade a spade.
Well, let's call a spade a spade: POTUS lies, is incapable of governing, GOP puts party before country, lobbyists rule..
Show me a politician that has only told truths.
Show me a human being that has never lied. Sorry, that is such a weak argument, it almost makes me smile
If calling Donald Trump a liar is all you can do it say, he's doing pretty well. The guy said he doesn't give away his moves.
 I am really starting to feel sorry for you. Yeah, he is doing very well...FOR HIMSELF! Not for the American people.
we have the world's highest debt. Surely we can't do anything.
Nope. Not as a % of our GDP. High but not the highest. Maybe due to spending so much on military
welfare
What's more important? Keeping people from starving on the streets/committing crimes or buying more shit no general actually wants?
Surely you see more than two options. And I know your name isn't Shirley.
Vast majority of people get off welfare within 3 yrs. It's a myth that there are hoards of lifetime welfare queens.
True before 1965
You seem forget  to tell us that citizens pay a lot under ACA and can't get care because deductibles are so high. ACA is garbage.
Also that if we didn't take insurance the government wins taking our taxes.
It's only the wealthiest country for the top 1%.  It's a third world country for the rest of us.
Give be a break!  Obviously you have never lived anywhere but here.
It is all facade Schumer. The wealth isn't real until the debt has been paid.
My neighbor, a Republican,  said I just don't like the rich when I told him they need to pay their fair share of taxes. And he has no teeth!
You had your shot Chuck and the result is an atrocity. Now be a good boy and be part of the solution or go away.

#HealthcareBill
Loser!!  You rip the benefits. Not Americans.
Why didn't you do that when you had complete power in the #OBadministration !?
Senator shut up!!! Somewhere in America thousands of citizens have been screwed by Obamacare!
And millions are about to be screwed by Trumpcare. Instead of building on a foundation they are making it FAR worse. Without reason. #Wakeup
U twist the truth like a snake Twists itself before it's going to strike. U don't care about We the People u care about your Twisted reality
Chuck "The Doomer" Schumer: Put America first. Drop the partisan whining and false talking points. Dem party = resist, lie, obstruct, deny!
You tried it didn't work out; and another thing when Obamacare came out you blackmailed the last vote. Quit bullying the Republicans
amen to that sir.....and no tax breaks for the richest in America
One must actually care about the plight of others for this to happen. All GOP cares about is appeasing their wealthy donors!
They don't believe in spreading the "wealth"
"Wealthiest country on Earth"? Not even close! Good try though.
Wow did McConnell just say that three days was too much to read and decipher his Trump care? This dictatorship has got to stop!
Stop blabbering and do something.
A Single payer system would fix the problem!!
The government big enough to give you everything is big enough to take it away. This will end with death panels decided who will be saved
I'm just a dumb drag queer but you all need to figure out whether healthcare is a right or a privilege.
watch out a lot of trolls seem to go after you they misdirect and are not honest people sorry they are very active right now sir
YOU DIDN'T EVEN READ IT AND YOU COME OUT SCREAMING AGAINST-TYPICAL HYPOCRITE!  READ THE BILL FIRST.
Cut Senators pay by 3/4 and put that money into Medicaid.  Problem solved
Hon, you're not looking at the whole US balance sheet.  Do you need me to show you the liabilities column?  Or explain over-leveraged?
#MAGA
!!!-it won't be next year that the uninsured affects are realized! Grip it- effects are post 2020!
You take the side of the Illegals too! Crying your fake tears for so called Refugees. What about US citizens pal? What about us? Huh? Shame!
HOW CAN BOCARE BE BETTER WHEN MOST PAY THOUSANDS AND CAN'T USE IT BECAUSE OF HIGH DEDUCTIBLES.  WHY AREN'T U ON BOCARE?
really disgusting. You leave millions hurting who are self insured to fully cover the lazy and needy.
Obama care is circling the drain. You should be sending Thank You cards to the President.
You haven't even read the bill you lying sack of manure! ObamaCare is collapsing! You and the rest of the Dimms are at fault for that!
DEMS AND GOP THE SHOULD START TO WORK ON A COMPREHENSIVE GREAT BILL TOGETHER ;INSTEAD OF PLAYING GAMES & WASTING TIME,!
I agree, so what is the Demo Plan?
What do the rich UberRich care about Insurance?
They can afford FULL price.
Make it crystal clear for the American people:

#Trumpcare. Will. Literally. Kill. People.

Lack of insurance kills.
So, Crying Chuck, who do you think the DNC will replace you with?
All senators should be required to have obamacare for their families. Live and learn. You  can't beat experience chuck.
What do you mean??? We have huge amounts of national debt. We spend more than we take in. You politicians are driving us into the ditch
Apparently we can't do better because god forbid billionaires might have to contribute more in taxes.
Billionaires pay more in taxes in one year than most people will make in their lifetime
You're a bot. What do you know about billionaires?
Read my profile. I'm clearly not a bot.
Classic bot response.
And you know the classics so well.
@SenSchumer California and Nevada are going single payer in response. Who do we talk to about doing it in NY? Don't let us get left behind!
Guess you have amnesia!!  You supported the "have to pass it to see what's in it " rhetoric for Obamacare cause u couldn't read 2300 pages.
That's a tax bill. We already have a health law. It helps a lot of people have insurance.
I always feel like he's going to cry.
Ron Reagan "Trumpcare is a Bag of Crap!" Trump & GOP's Goal is to Kill 20 Million Americans & steal their money #TrumpCare #HealthCareBill
I have filed for citizenship I'm not even a citizen yet. But your party has no one's interest in mind except for a perverted few; I go Rep

your med bill was 2000 pages it must be nice to have selective mem as Nancy Pelosi said we'll pass it first then find out what's in it
How the hell did you read all 142 pages so quickly to start condemning it? Give us a break!
Are politicians are the most wealthiest, not the average man
@SenShumer, I am all for you, but you praddle on that you are boring. Get off political likes and talk like a human being
Balance Budget and stop spending my kids money
The wealthiest country on Earth is not $19 trillion in debt. 

Take a seat.

Why don't Americans have Universal Healthcare! Other countries have managed it and they are not as wealthy as America.
How much do you pay for health care per month if I may ask? I live in Holland.
Does Holland have universal healthcare?
Everybody is on healthcare. We can choose for basic insurance or more expanded. Ppl with low income get reduction on monthly payment.
Everyone's healthcare is the same here total coverage. We get insurance if we want a private room, newspaper, tv and ambulance service.
Any Canadian out there that could add to this or correct me if needed?
Oww now I understand I thought you live in the USA 
I thought you were too relaxed about the new hc bill. Assuming you were very very rich 
Ur bill senator push my premiums from 436 per month to 1889 per month with a 5500 ded. Anything better than garabage u forced on us in 2008
Really. Did you get your house foreclosed on. Or lose all your retirement savings?
Right because no one that got trampled in that doesn't live "responsibility". Gimme a break. How about accountability. CEO gets bonuses.
Democrats say Republicans want to kill you .
Democrats scream let's kill the Republicans .
Chuck your the problem
If it's so good why did you all in Congress and Senate vote yourselves out of having to use it? Ridiculous!
Chuck, listen to what you just said after 8 yrs of Obama Care.... might want to reconsider so you don't sound so partisan and stupid
But how will the super rich get richer?
You could have negotiated the house bill but sat on your hands and turned the bill over to the conservatives, is this how you do better?
, what is your plan? All you do is complain. I have yet to here a solution from dems.
Obummercare was their solution. We don't want them to participate. lol
Tell you what Chuck you get rid of the 20 Trillion in debt and then we can talk about Free crap!
Mr. Schumer why is it that people who look see that our balance sheet has too much debt already yet you want to spend more?
You all are in DC..DO SOMETHING....
Insurance doesn't equal healthcare. Full fckn repeal. #FullRepeal
Can you get some democratic reps to McConnells office they are hauling away people in wheel chairs protesting it's sad
Yes. Just put another $1,000,000,000,000 on the govy Amex card. No biggie.
Liberals do enjoy spending our money on stupid crap.
What's your plan Chuck? Are you just going to point fingers or will you do something about it?
Sen Schumer, please ask Sen McConnell ON CAMERA why he got free polio treatment & rehab as a kid but will take away treatment for kids now.
. Looks good to me #BetterCare
Are you serious wth is Obama care failed us big time you care about obstruction and your pockets not the American people
Anything
Admit that Obama Care SUCKS and join the REPs in fixing it together.
Yeah, except it takes balls, or it took balls long ago. Where'd the vision go?
Well said. I agree. We can and should do better! We're supposed to be the best?!
Nice try Chuck. Now again w some energy & possibly a couple of passive aggressive  comments on Republican Tax Give-backs to the rich.
Do we really live in the wealthiest country in the world.
The Democrats have not had a Good Idea in 20 years!! Chuck Schumer Is A Liberal Gas Bag!!
Yeah universal health care. Single payer like all major countries around the world. Why is America still in the dark ages. Bite the bullet
Boy, you sure read fast Chucky. Did u go to Evelyn Wood?
1. Bull. Working people are tired of paying $1400/month for 3 ppl. Then $8000 deductible before ins kicks in. Should be no mandate to buy.
Why doesn't the senate sign up for Obama Health Care?  Who is your health insurance carrier?  You're such a troglodyte!  You and Polosi ARGH
True! Why did Obamacare turned out to be a Big Fat Failure. We deserved better than that socialist health care shoved down Our Throats.
Let's do one more thing stop calling it obamacare, its the AMERICAN HEALTHCARE ACT.  ACA DAMN ENOUGH IS ENOUGH
Let Obamacare die.  It would be the best thing for Dems in this battle.  The people who voted for trump are the ones most affected.
Yeah, we can. But not with your pathetic "MEAN er. Can you see it? Should I color it in?" routine. Jeezuz, grow a pair, would you???
After #Obamacare that you pushed down our throats, I would keep my mouth shut and maintain a low profile, if I were you, @SenSchumer.
And if the good Lord shows me away to win the president I hope that left gets comes after me like I do Trump I don't play
Why we owe $20 trillions & can't pay off? Our largest creditor-Japan-a stratovolcanic archipelago can't produce enough rice/meat for itself!
War
Nope. We are not "wealthiest" when we owe others money. Obama borrowed $10 trillions & had nothing to show for.
Two war fronts after 9/11 didn't cost US anything?!! Even with the housing collapse and the car industry bailout?!
$10 trillion.
Your speech on the Senate floor was wonderful. Keep fighting for all of us!
Ya wealthy for you worthless Congress & Senators. Made sure you all got RICH while the country went to HELL!
Well then work with them, maybe you can get some of that lobbyists money that you're all worried about not getting
Pple can affrd Healthcare prev but chose not to until it was too late when they needed it. People need to take accountability for themselves
I'm confused. I had insurance OBAMAs . They doubled premiums and copays. They can't vote until they refine it. Power of the consumer?
Why can't we improve Obamacare?
Just called Sen Todd Young's Office in DC and of course they are afraid to answer their phone as well!
The Republican healthcare bill is something I would expect from a communist banana republic country.
I thought you said you never saw it? Which is it Schumer? You're the laughing stock of the Democratic Party! 
What Obama Care?  Are you really that disconnected from America???
Schumer does NOT know what is in the bill! These speeches are ALL scare tactics to upset the snowflakes and incite anger and confusion!
We need to be calling it #BitterCare instead of Bettercare
Why can't the Repubs admit Obamacare is good but just needs to be tweaked like any other system. DUH.
Since when has #America ranked the wealthiest country on earth??

https://www.gfmag.com/global-data/economic-data/richest-countries-in-the-world?page=12 …

http://www.worldatlas.com/articles/the-richest-countries-in-the-world.html …

http://www.businessinsider.com/the-richest-countries-in-the-world-2017-3/#17-sweden-gdp-per-capita-49678-40532-14 …
Look at the health care bill you passed - a disaster
Obama care devastated middleclas & dem did that Anything would be better You never mention millions who can't afford insurance but get FINED
Why in the world is the Federal Government involved in health care at? I was totally happy with what I had until these jokers got involved
I feel so helpless. Republican senators will just stand by their man & Obamacare will be gone. Why did Harry Reid create nuclear option?!
Why not retire.. u just don't GAF about Americans just ur paycheck and benefits
Chuck, You obviously don't understand economics. We are the biggest debtor nation. My grandkids owe $20 trillion thanks to that thinking.
Yeah free healthcare for everyone but bread will cost $15 a loaf and SS gone and WELFARE FOR EVERYONE...NOT!
@billmaher our country is literally trillions of dollars in debt, but I agree better solutions must exist
Well, you don't think we got wealthy by taking care of the poor, do you?
Hopefully it is better than the democrap stufg
20T in debt thanks to the likes of you

Oh Chuckie Obama care is dead cut the bull this is much better when you say may may not could be your lying to people such a liar
*(part 2) to point where surviving US businesses could not turn a profit, hire or expand. (R U concerned? No! Y not? THAT'S 1difference btwn
If all you can do is say "no" or "bad" or do "make-believe tears", resign and get a job. Perhaps you could peddle NYT on Staten Island.
Simply disgusting how the GOP treats healthcare as though it is not essential-the world is aghast!
Work on the 3Rs and kill this shit!
Be strong #mcconnelldontcare #resist let human decency prevail
Why does @SenateMajLdr not remember his oath to represent all American People not just Rich American People. Where is drug cost containment?
Mr Schumer. Get off your butt, quit talking and utilize this week to introduce changes to the bill during open hearings. Quit scaring people
So tell me, Chuck. What are YOU going to do about $1200+ monthly premiums & $10K deductibles? Or don't you care we can't afford this?
We have the largest debt in the world!  Stop enabling dependency on government handouts!
Why don't you have hussein care why are you people exempt from it but not Americans across the country
We can of course but the republicans are to afraid
well we can certainly do better then #obamacare which robbed the #middleclass
Surely we can do better than Obamacare that put a crushing burden on the middle class.
20 trillion in debt moron.quit obstructing and help fix. Many sacrifices necessary 2 reduce debt so large.Barry wasted a lot of tax revenue
Fix it.. REGULATE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Heck, you didn't even read what was in obama's. Now millions of us lost our doctor & insurance
Sorry, not the wealthiest country. Just the country with the wealthiest 1% and 99% that get shartzed on by em!
Poor wee chucky, the money train has dried up for the Dems.......MAGA
Of course we can, but not if the majority don't want to. Which they don't.
This from same @SenSchumer who helped bring us the recession => Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac: Turning the American Dream Into a Nightmare
Anything better than what dems gave us blah blah blah
Stuff
Yes. So introduce amendments. Lots of amendments. Lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots of amendments.
Pretty soon only the WEALTHIEST(aka Billionaires & Trillionaires) will be able to afford to live in the WEALTHIEST country on earth
It's a great malicious game. People of means get to keep more paper that they don't need while those without means wither.
I saw u on tv & u attacked the bill before u read it! What a lying hack u r! Americans voted Dems out of power bc of O'care!
What wealthy people is this going to support you with the insurance companies
surely we can do better than having U in R government U & all Ur liberal friends should move to Syria so ISIS cuts Ur heads off
Yes, we can do much better. With #SinglePayerNow #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
Wait one you passed with Harry Reid Christmas Eve 2,100 page bill written by Jonathan Grindr, who called Americans Stupidity !Now weclean up
^Gruber
I wonder how much the billionares will save in taxes. Not right!
Dem riots, killing police, hi poverty no jobs, hi taxes, worse peo dying, working their land all their lives an gov gets 50% when they die.
Those are the reason you lost Democrats are not good for America and Americans realize it.
Lib speak for I came to rescue you, give me your money I am the only one who knows how to spend it!
you're on crack if you think we are the wealthiest country on earth. sick of supporting everyone
sure we could but the gov has allowed people to live off the system making us in certain brackets pay for their lazy butts
#USGov will go broke trying 2 supply free everything 2 everyone >  How about less funding 4 non-citizens & more for law abiding #Americans
Surely? If the GOP has an sanity left they better start aiming. They appear drunk with power and are foaming at the mouth. Koch fingerprints
Sign up for Obamacare or shut the heck up Doomer!
Why didn't you do it right the first time?
You sure seem to "know" a lot about a bill that you say you haven't yet seen.  Why is that?  Making up bs again?
Do you have a soul?
Do better?!?! #medicareforall we have the system, the desire, and the money #dems don't fight hard enough for #NotMeUS #exitdemleft
We certainly can do better but the GOP won't allow it.
Why did you saddle the burden on middle Americans? OCARE is crap. Get on board and help solve this. Your first attempt hasn't worked.
Goooo ggooo SenScumer
PLEASE strongly encourage Senators to work for the interests of The American People!!  STOP the Lobbyist influence!!
