but you condemn Trumps action without your long drawn out criticisms. Jealous hypocrite.

The American people are condemning the attacks on the civilians of Syria. This does not include Trump.
are American troops being deployed to Syria. If so why are we the public not more aware of this?
You sound like Obama
Well why weren't you outraged when Obama left Aleppo after the red line was crossed? Where were you calling out Obama on this??
Yes
Your prayers are a hoax - they are blocked by your sins.
I viemently disagree with your views but you have finally shown some decency. I applaud your tweet.
Prayers? WTF good is that? Blow up Assad's palace. level the fukin thing FFS!
Understood it was horrible, but blood shed never solves the issues
Don't be naive, it's solved many, many things.
please act to allow Syrian refugees asylum in the USA. We cannot condemn the attacks and refuse to help those fleeing them.
Your Obama has this blood all over his hands
Pound the crap of Trump for not taking action just like he did to Obama
Oh, you mean Sen Schumer's own tweets aren't news?
Finally something real, I'm so tired of hearing a grown man act like a 6 year old, day after day. You have became a Joke!!!
Condemnation and standing with other country's doesn't help the horrific autrosity that is happening in Syria ! For God's sake help them !
I agree with you there, Chuck. What are you going to do to help ? How about it, Chuck
I'm sure the syrian people r grateful for ur prayers...amen chuck...preach it brother
But you don't want to do anything about it.
I fear that Putin and Trump were aware of this abominable attack to detract from the collusion investigation. Dear God I hope I'm wrong.
Great! But your just talking, what actions are we going take to stop this barbaric behavior?  Everyone is horrified yet doing nothing!!!
then why did you not use your position over the last decade to influence prevention of this atrocity?
Thank you Senator.
The United States condemns these attacks.  Do you? #BullSchumer #Bad4America
why not under obama administration 1 sided schumer the people see what you really are it's not good for America resign schumer
Karma Death to killer Putin. Revenge the Syrian children.
Thank you for your concern for global human rights. Nikki Haley is not qualified.
They don't need your prayers, they need cruise missiles.
Really we condemn the attacks? Then who the Fuck was trump meeting this week? Bullshit used to have faith in this country. So over it
DID PENCE TELL FREEDOM CAUCUS THEY (?) CAN HIKE PREMIUMS  ON PREEXISTING CONDITIONS!  ?
While your tweet is true, you don't speak for Americans. You represent only the fringe Leftist extremists and not normal Americans.
We have no leader at the helm.  When are you going to invoke the 25th amendment?
You Pray? Wonder to whom??
And @POTUS can't keep blaming everyone else. He's a joke and needs to be kicked to the curb!! #ImpeachTrump
Less government the better
Planned Parenthood has Syria beat ten fold. Where's your condemnation of them.
Only prayers or condolences not sufficient to address such a heinous crimes.being superpower & most advanced country inthe world u owes resp
right
In the words of you... "Blame doesn't solve the problem!" Yes, we should not blame those people killing children on those killing Children!?
How about the savage stacks in the USA
Nobody knew Assad could be so vicious! Putin said he was a great guy.
A little late 4 your Prayers ,Tears or Red Lines..it is Up To OUR POTUS NOW!
YOU RUSSIAN LOVER
President Trump will deal with this. Set back shed a tear sch. The grownups are in charge now. #DemsUseLes
I like these tweets from the Senator. There true and heartfelt. I finally agreed with one of your tweets
Forget the posturing. You're a well known hypocrite as are all Dems. Character and ethics was flushed away years ago.
if 9bama had actually been a real leader this w pooulSD not have happened he was too busy destroying this country
Mr Schumer, do we know for a fact that Assad regime was behind the attack?
So!! You sided with Trump!! Twice this week!! Wow!!
No one wants to hear your b******* No One Believes you are sincere
Then why aren't you on tv crying you don't care quit acting like you do you major liar and clown! You sympathize with nobody but yourself!!!
@SenSchumer you keep acting like you're POTUS. You do  understand that you aren't don't you?
Absolutely a horrific attack on innocent people & children!
This is the 3rd Chem attack in a week! Children are innocent. Heaven awaits their souls, Hell awaits the perpetrators. The world mourns. 
RED LINE.....RED LINE.....RED LINE!
Prayers will do nothing. War will do much better
And we have YOU and Obama to thank for it!!
And Obama did nothing and you say quiet when they started doing this Remember the line in the sand? Your weakness brought this latest attack
Many of us worry @potus will support Putin in blaming the victims. We do not TRUST a liar. #tillerson and @StateDept is acting pro-Russia
Thankyou for being a strong voice of empathy.  This is the America I am proud of.

not our fight...
Prayers will not stop the attacks. Democrats & Obama made this happen with talk and red lines
President Trump was left with such a mess by Democrats. The world leaders know Obama was weak but can the harm be fixed??
And we will still do nothing. We’ll just sit here and let Putin and Assad kill countless humans. Our inaction speaks volumes.
And what is the UN doing about it??????????????????
Its time for USA to do something about Assad
Why didn't you do anything about it when you had a chance? Don't act all upset now. #fakeredline
The adult in the room.
Stop praying and DO SOMETHING. The words ring hollow when we stand by and allow this carnage. We are better than this.
Prayers are useless to those poor dead children and their families.  It is time for action!  Assad must go and Putin must pay!
The human race is shit!
What about "thoughts?"
@ConniMcA Well, at least most of us & most of us really mean it! Others offer only empty words, yes, 45* I mean you. #Resist
the time for 'condemning these savage attacks' is long over. The Assad regime needs to be dealt with now. Action not prayers are needed
Praying does nothing.  What will we do in response?
"you have to take out their families" - Donald Trump, Dec 2, 2015
The Donald needs psychological help. He is criminally insane.
DEMS need 2 tell it like it was. Pres. Obama knew Cong was trying 2 sabotage him. That's why he asked Cong & they chickened out! Say so!
This wasnt the first and wont be the last. Sad
U need 2 stop being silent! U know Congress was trying 2 sabotage & embarrass Pres. Obama during red line. Asked Cong 4 authorization denied
Mr Schumer, you are a real person. I agree with you. Nice job Chuck, now let's do something about it...
Nothing you say has any meaning you lost your credibility. You are party/self over all else including country.
Ah. I see. "They are in our prayers." Yeah, guess we should do for them what we do when we have a mass shooting here. And nothing more.
Every US Citizen except Trump.  Trump hates Syria
today Peru conmemorates the 25th anniversary of @albertofujimori 's self-coup Wich opened the door for corruption and authoritarianism.
Nothing fails like prayer.
Says who you? You will eat those words one day you clown! You need them now black heart that you have! You will see!
I hear you talking about what are you prepared to do
The United States President is a partner with Putin in these crimes! Maybe you should do something to stop him from booming Iraqi civilians!
Where was your concern 2012-2016?
#ConfirmGorsuch
#SCOTUS
#NuclearOption
Are you serious? Are we not bombing Syria? You dog.

same those #let'emdrown??? you look so good in your make up
i am sure your prayers are a comfort when obama  did nothing to help these poor children
The President already said that. I realize you don't consider him as YOUR president, but he was elected by the people. LEGALLY ELECTED
Revelation 2:5
Remember therefore from where you have fallen; repent and do the first works, or else I will come to you [1/2]
quickly and remove your lampstand from its place—unless you repent. [2/2]
