Talking is your specialty Chuckie.
Now you want strong action?  LOL.  So you admit Obama was a weakling.
Yes because wimp Obama could not do anything but apologize to foreign countries.
Perhaps as strong as we did against Russia when they obtained uranium from us. Wait, nothing happened - because it was HRC
Keep your pants on.  Give him time to act. geesh!
Maybe we'll wait til the folks in NKorea are not pointing nuke all around.
Dems could work with POTUS in a positive way for joint desired outcomes. Maybe?
How long have you been in the Senate, why didn't you an Obama do something in the past 8 years (minus 8 years)
hey cry me a river chucky, where were uall when this all started? Backing ever bad trade deal! Your votes don't lie!
THANKS!
Oh talk like the bs u libs have been puking up for ur entire life oh ya thanks for the advise useless guy
Or, maybe instead of talking trash about other people and telling them what to do you could #DoYourJob & actually represent #NY. #WeAreNY
The WTO should be terminated! It cost US 70,000 factories since founding by Bill Clinton. He probably got a lot of money for doing it.
Poor loosely wound up Chuckie
Thank you senator I know it's nuts in Washington
Oh now you give a shit
So says a guy who has done absolutely nothing to deal with unfair trade practices. DJT will clean up your party's mess.
hard to undo the poor policies on trade by the Obama administration and you. Shame it took you this long
Obviously, you're confused. You are in Congress, not the executive office.
good luck!
Yep. Did you ever whisper that into Obama's ear? Didn't think so. Coward.
What a do nothing blowhard
Yeh chucky you have been one tough guy all these years. Your all talk no action Israel?
why crying? you can just stop trading
And still not a peep from chuck about Antifa or obamas 400g windfall from Wall Street
Chuck, you sound like a fool sometimes. If China can help against  Korea be quite for once! If they trick us, Trump will take care of them!
WOW 3 for 3 tweets I agree with, you're on a roll.  Keep working together.
Get off this tax thing. Utter nonsense.  You liberals have nothing positive to say. No ideas just hate. Grow up.
Again Chuck, you had 8 yrs to address this. Where have you been? Maybe it's time to roll up your sleeves and work!
Disgusting
Schmuck...i dont remeber seeing your name on the Bilderberg guest lists...but the way yih act you MUST be globalist...worried about the WTO
Don't forget about the Chinese billions buying up American resources.
So why haven't you been doing this for the past 8 years?
OBAMA HAD 8YRS TO CLEAN-UP THE LITTLE THINGS=HE DID NOTHING.?YOU ONLY WISH YOU HAD TRUMP THAT MOVES AT THE SPEED OF LIGHT.????
U wouldn't know the first thing about taking action getting things done! You have and are a huge tax payer burden Ur nothing but speed bump
Go away
Why he is at 31% approval rate....
where is talk Republicans exempted themselves staff from insurance. DNC needs uniformed force all week same topic like Reagan did!!!
At least he is talking and doing not capitulating
Yes I did Notice 45 didn't use the word "China" in his statement today! Irresponsible
If you're worrying about his job, who is worrying about yours?
You have no integrity , why not cry now about immigrants wearing aluminum rings and how Trump is hurting them ...
While you focus on the little stuff, he is robbing us blind and ruining democracy. Figure it out! Do something!! Wtf @TheDemCoalition
Awww here's good ole Schumer with his daily dose of Trump bashing ! FYI if the government shuts down tmw we are going to blame you !
Damn...and i mean DAAAAMN SKIPPY THERE SCHMUCKY!!!!
#MAGA
Don't approve any budget until his tax returns are released. You need to force it to help stop this madness!!
First we have heard this from you. Where have you been the last 8 years. ML do your self a favor and get off Twitter. Your record precedes U
Schumer how come you did t do anything in the last 8 years. Not a peep. Not a wink. No mention of it. Now all of a sudden you are tough guy
Yes, let's slap tariffs on aluminum so that we can make American consumers poorer. Great idea guys!
You need to organize impeach/remove proceedings
Now u want him to get in a fight when we need China to keep NK in check. Guess u want WW3 ..  don't think we can't see what your doing.
I'm concerned about the air quality and would there be a guarantee the aluminum manufacturer would abide by environmental standards?
You constantly want to deal with UN WTO screw em that's what #AmericaFirst means 
We don't need Global permission to look after ourselves
Aren't American based businesses ordering this stuff? If no one ordered, China wouldn't send it. Or am i not getting how this works?
You definitely are not getting it. Google aluminum production last 50 yrs.
bullshit. Trump imports Chinese steel and Aluminium for many years. Are you blind ????
but Trump has a new bestie...he won't take strong action against China..and ivankas business would suffer so....
Funny how late you and the rest of the democrats are to this party
It's vital you give people on social security a raise to afford to survive in this economy
It is vital to replace Obama care as I am being forced to get medicare and I can afford the insurance industry retired with.  Wake up Chuck
Chuck , nobody needs or wants your advice , you and your kind caused all this mess !!
Tell that to Syria.. all talk would be Obama and his moving red line..
What did Obama Do? Released prisoners and gave money to the #1 country producing terror.. Guess that's the action you like.
The idiot as you call him is cleaning up the mess Obama created. His foreign policy was horrible.. left the world on the brink of war.
Oh I have and believe me I watch all news.. funny Schumer is trying to stir up trouble with China now when NK is testing us.
But they have been so nice to the Trump family.
