You need to be going after Comey for leaking info. Scary, what has he leaked to our enemies?
And just exactly what would that be?
Don't know. We have director of FBI leaking info to NY Times. Investigate.
Personal info not classified is not leaking anything. drumpsfki playing to his ignorant base. Thanks for proving it.
It is assumed when having a meeting with a President it is classified.  If your girl Hillary got elected she would have fired him.
Hired Trump?  That makes no sense. She would however have an unsecured server as SOS. Which btw is illegal and PROVED.
Either you're a bot,  or very lost.  Good luck.
Guess what Chuck...he already offered....you ain't calling the shots.    how bout you invite Lynch too?
From the Trump ProTroll Training Manual, page 3: If you can't defend; deceive, divert or deflect.
You are funny 
Also from the handbook, if you don't have a comeback just call them a snowflake.
And block.They block when you critique their horrible art work and crayon drawings. They get butt hurt and cucked so easy.
There is NO proof!   But you'll keep right on believing there is....sad.
Go Chuck Schumer!!!!
That would be the first time someone will swear NOT to tell the truth.

We all know that idiot can't speak truth to save his life
I'd sure love to see him try under oath though ;)
I would too, but I doubt his lawyers are that stupid...then again....
Oh dear, I think I might love you!!!
Love can be a beautiful thing when it's united to fight against the kind of hate we now face.
We all know this was another "bluff" (LIE) from Rump, right? He's going to blame his attnys & say they won't let him testify. #LiarInChief
I'd like to see you offer that same invitation to Lynch and Clinton on why the obstructed justice and tried to influence the election.
And I would like 2 see real tears from u on Americans who died from terrorism & illegals instead of alligator tears never forget 9/11 u did
Chuck, Let's get Loretta Lynch to testify and get the REAL scandal... or what are YOU hiding?
And if you were serious you would start pushing the LIRR to issue their schedule. But you're just a talker. The POTUS Isn't going anywhere
He of course will not- because he's a fraud and a criminal

and then what?? you still wont believe anything he says, several investigations on going and nothing time to move forward, put aside ego's
How's the visit with George soros's kid? Did you get the pay off you wanted
Seriously, Chuck?  Trump? Under oath?
OFFER it to HIM  !
Stop being afraid 
 This is our COUNTRY 
We demand  answers ~ put him UNDER Oath 
Stop shadowboxing
#Perjury  #LockHimUp
UR many, many dealings with Russia must be investigated
Why? He will lie under oath too.
Bring Lynch and Holder to stand.
Chucky you might want to watch what you wish for!! LMAO
Hey! Chucky, just checking were u in that play "SHAKESPEARE IN THE PARK" wow! u DEMS are really F'd up,surely I can swear if KIRSTEN can.
Bullshit flag officially thrown on the field.
Please do and time how quickly he sputters *NO* or responds with one of his obvious stall statements.

Crooks in Cahoots with the Russians to destroy America,Drop dead Schumer.
I like to discuss you using sanctions on Iran as a bargaining chip . That should play well in you district .
Please would u ppl stop calling 4 Orange 2 testify under oath, the man's middle name is mendacious
Senator as you play your political circus with this administration China is on the move with soft $$ Russia on the move too. WAKE UP !!!!
You'll have to subpoena.
Wait until you have enuf to be able to prove he's lying. Build the case. Brick by brick
no thanks big sissy!
There are no tapes or they have been destroyed. If they supported Trump Fox news would have played them a million times by now.
Only reason Trump claimed tapes is so Comey would not lie.  It worked....

Why are they asking? He agreed to testify on National television. Just send him the date and time.
I don't believe anything he says, but lying to the Congress under oath would be another nail in his political coffin.
.. but.. but.. he has no experience...
AND if he lies under oath its just because he is new to telling the truth!
@ReneeWatson68 @realDonaldTrump BTW thank you for being on the side of integrity and truth @SenSchumer 
You're a laugh a minute
We aren't here for your entertainment.
You're definitely not here to help, we had the last 8 years of lying, coverups, and failure
Why "If"? He said it. Pick a date. Its enough
If he can straight-faced lie to himself and all of us every single day, I don't believe he will tell the truth, under oath or anywhere else.
The people would welcome you're resigning and stop your obstruction
I am the Senate.


Mr Schumer, sadly Trump wouldn't have any problem lying under oath. He has no morals.
Good of u 2 extend invite. He's not coming, nor ever intended to. He just likes hearing himself bluster

If you were serious, you'd stop with the nonsense #RussianCollusion and your #russianconspiracytheory  You look like a #SoreLoser
We all know there's no chance in hell @realDonaldTrump will testify under oath publicly as Comey did We also know he has no tapes 2 produce.
Wow, major loony liberal snowflake meltdown. How about showing your heads explode? Maybe when some of the dims are charged with treason? lol
Comey was the whiny one, like this is his first job. Didn't know what to do, I was so confused... so I leaked. Oh poor me I was fired
Congratulations you and your liberal friends are destroying the Democratic Party with your lies and  fake news #DemLier
He is a lying liar, who lies. What's an oath? He doesn't care about oaths, he would commit perjury over and over.
Surely no one expects Trump to tell the truth even "under oath". #TheResistance #TrumpRussia
Keep fighting for us. Don't let @realDonaldTrump become normal. Russiagate is real & must be prosecuted to letter of law.
THIS IS SO FUCKING SERIOUS! RUSSIA CYBER-ATTACKED US &MANIPULATED OUR ELECTION &SO ATTACKED OUR DEMOCRACY! TRUMP'S TREATING IT LIKE A JOKE!!
Do you think just because they went online and made up lies, people listened? Crap about killery was true. Dems had nobody good running.
As if an "oath" means anything to this morally corrupt infant.
It certainly doesn't mean anything to dims
@mattwhouse @realDonaldTrump He will lie under oath. It is a part of his nature. Had a step-father like that. It is unbreakable
Obama 
since he and I are the same age, no. But I sure am laughing at u!
Under oath AND connected to a lie detector!
A shock collar that detected lies would be better.

You love wasting publics tiiiiime , get to work instead of being an obstructionist
Why do you keep calling dems obstructionists? The majority is republican everywhere, if things don't pass it's because Trump isn't winning
Oh yes they will pay are we will throw the illegals across the border
Ok then, Maybe @POTUS should do like N. Korea, Put up razor wire and land mines between borders?
Answer that want to Chuck.
Answer that one Chuck.
However, he has lied under oath many times. Does he even realize how much he lies? We sure do.
Your a good reason for term limits.
Trump BLURTED that he would "100%" testify under oath! We are waiting #BabyTrump #TrumpLies #SadTrump #ComradeTrump #Trumpstruction
He doesn't need or want an invitation from you !  Look at how brave you are now ! The @POTUS has offered to testify ! You're GRANDSTANDING!
Lying sonofbitch. Not Trump, YOU.
Oh Chuck, you're whole case fell apart move on!
Why this is acceptable from a state Senator is beyond reason! Are all Dems going to ignore this trend building on the Hill ?
Trumps hate breeds hate!  Horrible!
Agreed . Hate has never in the history of this world been productive .
DO YOU KNOW WHAT 'TRUTH' MEANS CHUCKLES?
TRUMP's WAY IS THE ONLY WAY!!!
TRUMP's WAY IS THE ONLY WAY!!!
TRUMP's WAY IS THE ONLY WAY!!!
You are the serious matter Senator! You Al Green, Maxine Waters, Pelosi et al sb hauled before Congress & censured for lying & malfeasance!
Here's the problem with that... Donald and his ilk don't take things like oaths seriously, they only do and say what's best for themselves.
he'll lie anyway, whether under oath or not. could be good for a laugh if it wasn't so serious
you would have to have him hooked up to a lie detector the entire time

lmao
When are you going to start working for the country instead of your ego?
You are doing this country a great disservice by continuing w these hearings when we have real issues! We don't care about the scandals!!!!!
He is afraid Schumer might start crying. Schumer can't handle the truth.
You're afraid that your minions are going to speak the truth that you are directly involved with Russia.
This POTUS owes U nor Ur corrupt buddies in the Senate 0! U will soon be investigated urself & it WON'T be Fake News! Ud do well 2 shut-up!!
He said he would do it 100% but then he says so many things that prove to be fantasy.
Amen x 1000000000000000000000!!!
.@SenSchumer @realDonaldTrump will gladly lie under oath! No prob!
Get the last person that was in office and the last one that wanted to be in office testify on all they did 
Schumer is a bad joke. It will be a long time b4 Dems will be elected to anything again. Thanks to Schumer & Palosi.

Even the chance of acceptance is small, it is necessary to invite him.
I think 45 has forgotten that he is still under oath and has been since January 20th! He commits perjury every single day!!!
Oh sure, the scummiest of the scum in Washington issues him an "invitation"...how fitting.  Suuureee...that will go over well!
CLOSE DOWN SPECIAL PROSECUTOR
Do it I dare you
I'd like aN invitation 4Some JailTime.. Let's start with Hillary Clinton.. Lynch + Work our way down.. If your really serious About Crimes.
What's the point. The guy is a liar
Why didn't you offer the last POTUS (who was worthy of inv) this opportunity. Give it up, clown.
@ShaunKing @realDonaldTrump And have him bring along his taxes returns and tapes...
He would still lie.
He may cry
Race Baiter!
...... Chuck, have you been drinking with Soros again
Why don't u step up to the plate Mr Schumer and finally work for the American people instead of blocking everything Prez Trump does!????
you all are crooked .. if you all would just get behind our Potus we could move on .you are blocking anything he does !!
Stop embarrassing yourself!  Be honorable for a change.  Do you have ANY scruples?  Your narrative is false.  You've lost voters like me.
Why to listen to him lie under oath? We listen to him lie every time he opens his mouth.
New sanctions coming next week in senate? Hurry up rubles already worth less than toilet paper, time to deza @nuttinbutrue
What are separation of the branches? Answer that please.
"Under Oath"... that's just a suggestion, right? Like, a figure of speech? 
#TrumpMustTestify
He & the GOP will make excuses, lie and, continue to cover for the liar in cheif!
Oops, 45 and the GOP will make excuses, lie and, continue to cover for the liar in cheif.
Oaths are taken on moral anchoring - the word has no more meaning than an actor reading lines to a narcissist.
Why don't you invite the real criminals,obama,hilliary,lynch
Never happen, he would appear weak, he's too chicken shit
Chuckie, Americans are on to you and your ignorant, corrupt, left-wing political hacks. Support America or resign.
He is all puff and no substance. He won't testify.
Chucky ask lynch to come also i bet lynch woudnt come also bring Hillary and also Obama
Do you really think he would tell the truth?
Make it happen! When he lies under oath lock him up!!!
Wouldn't you like that, what goes around comes around , let's hope it will happen very soon because you deserve it.
Sounds great but @realDonaldTrump has a long history of lying under oath.  He makes his own reality minute by minute. That why he is unfit.
Well articulated & point made. THIS IS NO GAME dt.
Why invite him to lie openly- just impeach him
Testifying in front of a bunch of goons like yourself is a colossal waste of time
That ain't happening. If it did u and the rest of the wolves thatt couldn't get him for Russia then tried obstruction with Comey, an Obama
Wonderful Chuckie ,lets get to the bottom of a lot of things,invite rice & lynch & holder & lerner first,just so we get a clearer picture .
Never heard you ask President Obama on the Iran Deal or the Paris Climate Accord
Don't stop pressing - you are doing the right thing. You have no end of support!
Please stop the theatrics.
He won't do it just like the "tapes" he won't render them over! Just White House games!
This is nothing but a "set up" ! Russia has been interfering in USA politics for 25 years it is nothing new. DONT DO IT @realDonaldTrump
Will you then be satisfied?! I doubt it! Maybe we can focus on the real dangers of Hillary, Comey, and Lynch after this conspiracy is done!
He would lie because he is compelled to do so. Why don't we get that yet?
Bull crap
He is the reason Mr President that we need term limits........
Haha sure you would
May I suggest start asking every witness if they believe our Nation's security is in jeopardy by leaving @POTUS in office during the inquiry
#Fakepatriots
Dignified? Like he gave Russians official intel & endangered our allies. He needs to be grilled for on going hours!
YOU DA MAN @SenSchumer !
Thank you! #KeepPersisting
Actually Sen. 'Short-eyes' Schumer..YOU will be testifying sooner than u know! 
#Pedogate #DrainTheSwamp
That would be a clear violation of 'separation of powers'--Stop being a hemorrhoid in the rear of this country!
Senator would be as dignified as a pig race. Who's he fooling?  Not most of America I'm sure
You know he'll lie his way through that too thi
Get Lynch  former AG to also testify. Let's not sweep that under the rug. Let pursue vigorously.
So you want the president to bullshit the public like you and the rest of the democrats [small d] oh that is helpful
@CoryBooker @realDonaldTrump First, please, please protect the CURRENT ACHA, vote down Trumpcare, millions depend on it!!!!!!!!!
Just as soon as you testify under oath that you didn't know he wasn't under investigation in January
Under oath, means nothing to 45.
He will lie.
Good luck on him telling the truth!!!
Conference on her citizenship has yet to happen! Do not fall for it! More Trumpian Lies!
really, time to move on, no evidence, #phonyscandal
Politically savvy moves require more obvious threats; invitation to special counsel is impolite & requires effrontery type apathy to voice.
Trump only said that because he knows it will never happen. It's like everything else he promises.
For the love of God, what r u working on with our tax dollars
