We Americans smell a cover-up by Trump & his administration. They're backing Russia & doing Putin's bidding. We're ruled by Putin thru Trump
You people are obsessed with Russia! It's McCarthyism all over again!
Sorry, but we Dems do NOT condone the act of TREASON 
We need an Independent Commission to prove his treasonous acts 
#ClearAndPresentDanger
No we just now laugh how stupid yall are guess when Chucky was crying last week how Comey should be fired & now Trump did it now he's wrong?
Reason WHY Trump fired Comey is the clincher! Trump is using delay & diversion tactics because Comey was getting too close in his invest.
He was fired because he was an idiot! Democrats thought that too!
Let's put it this way: Better to FIND acts of treason thru investigation than not to have thorough investigation & allow treason to continue
@DAGRosenstein INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION!! NOW!
Wasn't Comey investigating for the past couple of months?
If there is an independent investigation and no evidence is found, will you continue this ir will you actually work?
You are like McCarthy with Russia! Enough! Get to work! Your state is falling apart and you don't care
y'all shut Republicans out for 8 years and did what you wanted,do you think your still running this show?????!!!;
We're getting there. Too bad for you.
to bad fake news has you believing that.
and I've watched, listened to, and read from a lot of different news agencies. The republican party has had lying, obtuse, womanizing 2/4
Hey, R's: Think of it this way. Agree to these mild steps now or risk your seat and allow D's to impeach. It's not a hard choice.
LOOK UP THE PARAMETERS FOR IMPEACHMENT, THEN SPEAK.
Go Senator!
It's was just last week he was crying saying that James should be fired You Democrats are beyond stupid and Hypocrites
The minority leader can demand in one hand and in the other. Then tell us what you've got!
Did Clinton do that when he fire director and 73 judges
Someone kick this guy in the face
did you send a detail letter requesting Susan Rice to testify ?
He can demand but will it happen?
LoL! Dirty Chucky is gettin scared that he's going to prison!
Signing up to work at polling place!  #IndependentInvestigation
did you not call for Comey's firing in the past? Did you not say you lost faith in Comey?
Blah blah blah
Looks like you know how to clear a room. That last lady must be on your payroll !

Schumer should be fired.
Democratic Hypocrisy....
-Pretty soon the dems will find the underwear tag that says-made in Russia- there you go collusion !!! Hahahahahahaha- ABSOLUTE DEM ASSES
We demand Sen. Schumer resign, immediately!
Well let's all hold our breath until this happens or better yet hope you even get a response
Schumer will continue to harm this nation until the Rep majority go after funding of his state. Subway rat to church mouse he then will be.
Demand Chuck resign for being a bald faced liar and total phony political hack.

Hey Chuckie, is it a flip or a flop day today?
As a taxpayer I'd like to know more about all the cash given to Iran, Hillary's 33K missing emails, etc. You should be fired Chuck! #Comey

Taxpayers-know these swamp dwellers by their resistance 2 President Trump.  Their whining over everything, resist & obstruction, vote em out
Stop wasting tax $ in committees.  Clapper (Obama appointee) testified to intel committee, no evidence found in Russian conspiracy W/Trump!
Timing?  Firing came on heels of a recommendation by Rosenstein.  Rosenstein joined team Trump 2 wks ago. Took time to study & recommend axe
What's your outrage?   Do you think Comey worked alone in an attic.  If he has anything & he has said he does not, then he has people below
Two choices today for Republicans: 1) man up 2) political suicide
“I do not have confidence in him any longer,” Schumer http://thehill.com/blogs/floor-action/senate/304082-schumer-ive-lost-confidence-in-fbi-director … Flip Flop Fkip Flop Flip Flop
MINORITY leader 'demands'. Laughable.
@SenSchumer Go pound sand. As your Anti-American president said "Elections Have Consequences" U steamrolled @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP...@POTUS
.... 4 8 yrs now it's UR turn. Besides U & corrupt #SWAMP DEM's called 4 Comey termination N past...See @POTUS can consider bi-partisanship
you sir are a complete joke and embarrassment to our Great Nation!
That's all you do Schumer is throw out demands and attack @POTUS. Do you have no intention on working?
Why bother? You don't care about it. You are a hypocritical hack who wants his pocket greased. #DRAINTHESWAMP
The establishment is melting down all over because they don't want to lose power that they have lied and cheated to obtain.
Grow up already Chuck
Yes u libs praised him a few hrs ago. Ur all f'ing hypocrites
Chucky, do you have any idea how pathetic you look.... Coney needed to be FIRED AND ALL KNOW IT
@SenSchumer is not in a position to be demanding.  Ask with please Senator and stop the grand standing, it's unbecoming
@SenSchumer is one of the biggest hypocrites in D.C.! Once called for Comey to be fired & now blasting the decision to do so. Shameful man!
DEMAND-seriously-
U the man making accusations, viciously attacking POTUS, pretending investigations has stopped
while NOT helping people
no one needs to tell you crap. If you don't like it go get another job. Schmuck
Mr President just ignore these dem clowns and concentrate on fixing America and draining the Washington swamp.
do not trust McC. At all. Please. First hand info here.
Lot of noise signifying nothing. Tell Rosenstein  IGNORE @jeffsessions @POTUS
Perhaps the young lady should kick U when U contradict yourself. Lookin like a senile old fool there dude. Write your own stuff & read it
Schumer making demands.
LMAO
You just never know which Chuck the Schmuck will show up. Is his middle name Sybil? Term limits and get rid of the NY stench.
like watching a cartoon on Saturday morning everything he says is a lie
like you have any credibility, all hot air schumer loves playing politics news flash democrats lost the election
Call Justice Department 202-353-1555 re #FBIDirector Comey. Ask Deputy AG Rosenstein to appoint special prosecutor
AG Sessions and state department should investigate the consistent leaks coming from the Dems. Nations security depends on it.
You are a liar and you know it. Poor loser trying to take down Trump. You will all pay in 2018 
For the love of god, do not demand a briefing. Make claims and demand govt grinds to a halt until special prosecutor is apt. Nothing else
Mr Schumer demanded he be fired when investigating Hillary. Now he demands why when it is a Republican. Stop it and try and help America.
So emails are more concerning to you than foreign collusion? Unbelievable.
Sure. Live in your Fox News fantasy.
Open your eyes. You are helping to destroy this democracy w your unwillingness to question your dear leader
They'll just lie to cover their asses.
This insanity needs to stop now. This man must be impeached and his entire crew gone before they kill us all. NOW!!!! Stop waiting!
Freak show
We demand a special prosecutor Hillary and Huma
Hello
FLASHBACK: Democrats attack James Comey. http://fxn.ws/2qSDYov  | #Hannity 
Demands?? Demands??  At breakfast you wanted Comey gone, you DEMANDED he be gone. Next time be more careful about your demands. #HYPOCRITE
Of course he does- because the democrats have to spew hate - they seem to have nothing else!!!
Hell no. Get to work on real legislation, getting Our GREAT PRESIDENT TRUMP's people, judges & others our President Trump needs to do jobs.
Please educate me , what has changed since you called for comeys firing? Honestly please explane.
Investigation has been going on for 9 months.  Enough.  Start working for the people.   Healthcare..tax reform..
You wanted Comey gone when he had more evidence in regards to that Socialist Scumbag Hilary.
Why does Chuck schuer think he runs our country He thinks he has all the power. Not Chucky your one senator with one vote no more no less
THE PEOPLE DEMAND CONGRESS SUPPLY PROOF OF COLLUSION FROM TRUMP CAMPAIGN. AFTER NINE MTHS ZERO PROOF
If im not mistaken, Bill Clinton FIRED His FBI Director One Day Before Vince Foster Was Found Dead, that timing was odd wouldnt you say?
Hey meathead. Outside of New York how many votes did you get? That's right sit down you unhinged kook!
What do they have on you Chucky?
Check Chuckles for Russian collusion!
@pinkspider4evr @SenSchumer You are the check between all of these people and u r unable to even hold sessions accountable
I NOT MY PRESS TUNNEL HATRED NETWORK
Hey Chucky, now you want a special prosecutor? Where were u during the IRS scandal? The Clinton Foundation? Benghazi? Fast & Furious? Asleep
I am so tired of you and all Democrats complaining about anything President Trump does.  Find some integrity.
That's rich.
Nice play on words to try and dupe your feeble minderd supporters How can you have a "Special Prosecutor" when no one has been charged
More doubts about schumers sanity
Of course.
Liar, Liar pants on fire.

He waited until now. After Comey's investigation was getting close to uncovering something. Praised him b4. @Rach21695 @VP @realDonaldTrump
I demand Chuck Schumer work as hard for America as he works as hard to discredit Trump, Republicans, and American Citizens.
You have no credibility and your judgement is lacking!!! Russian Ruse! Fake Narratives! Please stop wasting my taxpayer money GOVERN!!!
All he has to do is READ his letter! Its clear as day. We know demonrats never actually READ anything, but its not 2700 pages like OCare
Crying Chuck Schumer is worse than $58 million Nancy Pelosi and has no ethics or soul. God Bless @POTUS and everything he is doing
So Much is Tainted Now per Trump Admin. & Cohorts.......
Where was Cryin Chuck in dealing with despot AG Holder.  Where's the Spec pros for Fast and Furious...huh Cryin Chuckie?  Loser!
Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia on home Chuck Schumer because you ain't got no Russia tied to President Trump loser
Chuckie, dirty likes dirty and demo-rats need to come clean themselves.
Demand they resign, Schumer. Their briefs will be lies. How can someone who lied under oath be AG? HMMM?!?!
Take a walk in the woods
Yeah, we got nothing else to do in DC.  Let's have some senate meetings.  legislation, what's that?
Schumer has no right to demand anything he should shut up and sit down!!
Hypocrite
But, but, he cost Hillary the election. 
They do protest too much. It's all they got. Losers
Schumer you are the one who called for his firing. So back and suck Putin c@ck some more
phony Chuck senile? Called for #ComeyFiring not that long ago
If you didn't fire Comey six months ago then don't  him now. Especially when he is leading the Russian investigation
Stop demanding chucky nobodies listening to u
They don't work for you Chuck. You are in the back of the bus remember....That line from your Boy Hussein in 2009.....

DEMANDS
SERIOUSLY
you need to rerun some of YOUR OWN REMARKS about Comey
rerun Hillary's while at it
THEN 
ASK
if still need to
DOUBT IT
Chuck Schumer is upset because he thinks he is commander in chief and should approve all decisions the President makes.  Support your POTUS!
The boy who cried wolf... between you and Hillary and Warren. Makeup your old mind
ABC news is a fake news network we all know that
Demands?  They don't answer to that idiot!
Read my new column,n for @Newsweek: James Comey is unfit for public service and must be fired. http://www.newsweek.com/fbi-director-james-comey-unfit-public-service-517815 … …
@ABC so biased, it stinketh. Ew-w?
Demand Chuck Schumer start working on saving us tax$$$$$
@ABC will make it sound right shummy
#notmysenator #deport@senschumer
"Schumer says," "Schumer:" and "Schumer demands" are universal journalistic convention for "partisan gobbledygook follows."
#SessionsMustResign
