Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
get better soon u r one of the only GOP people I like
Really? Because he is a globalst elite that caused much of Syrian crisis? He who is responsible 4 christians being murdered, soldiers killd?
Exactly we have the technology go hard or go home Chelsea manning ain't gonna give up either cheer him with more help than this
So was Hillary, yet, you insult her and damage your base.
As are you. With all due respect
John McCain is a true American hero, and  he endured more than imaginable as a p.o.w.  The U.S. needs John McCain now more than ever.
I dont wish ill on McCain; but i dont think its appropriate 2 sugarcoat his senatorial life. He has done such irrevocable damage 2 th nation
Really, Chuck? U pray?!  Btw, glioblastomas are not "beatable."
Thinking @SenSchumer is plotting his next move
He better be thankful he isn't on Ocare. He would not be allowed to be treated!
It's terminal. Can't win this one.


Our friend who tells us that we can all be heroes! Prayers for Sen McCaine & his family!
Yuck, primary Schumer

@SenSchumer
Oh Chucky the only one you pray to is the devil.
We all must face the reality that one day we will cease to exist.
Schumer would throw McCain down a flight of stairs.
Fortunately for McCain, some people went to medical school instead of joining the church.
Fortunately for McCain we have the best doctors in the world thanks to UN-socialized healthcare.
You don't want this man praying for you @SenJohnMcCain
Your prayers are worth infinitely less than capturing the Senate in 2018 and properly funding cancer research.



Ur gonna pray? Seriously?
Why have you co-sponsored S.720, a bill that punishes Americans civilly and criminally for their political speech?
Oh well SongBird..
oh goody we get to see who the real people are that pray for their comrade.
You're just happy if he doesn't vote.
Where were you when Obama humiliated McCain for wanting bipartisanship during Obamacare summit, yet you want it now

Like you care. Ridiculous
You don't pray! Stop lying
Trumpcare would kill him!! Think about it Reps
#MakeMuellerNotFireableByTrump
But you spewed so much hate toward Sen McCain in 2008. You're vile!
We need shirts that says " YOU WORK FOR US" I don't believe @realDonaldTrump understands that. United isn't one of your companies
praying for our country's hero
My heart goes out to Senator McCain and his family at this difficult time.
You really want to make John MCCain well .... STOP being an obstructionist and fight for the American people !
THANK GOD HE HAS THE BEST MEDICAL PLAN CONGRESS CAN STEAL FOR THEMSELVES AND LEAVE US HANGING. WAY TO GO CHUCKY...
Well Said.  Prayers!
Yes he will and by the way you are doing a great job in Congress
Amazing man  @SenJohnMcCain 
Many in the country are concerned about McCain's health situation.
Amen.
Good luck to you sir
Yes! You are un-killable like we tell my husband. #9Lives Prayers for you & your family. 

Thoughts and prayers for @SenJohnMcCain
Please ask someone else you know to pray, the family want the prayers to be heard.
But isn't he a murderer for wanting to slow down the rate of future Medicaid increases???  It's hard  to follow your insanity
He is a wonderful person.
You folks are great!
Ironic how u and all these other Democrats have such nice things to say about someone who is a republican only after they get very sick.
That's because this is not politics, this is now about a fellow American fighting for his life.
And NO one can argue what John McCain has given to and for the United States.
our hero
If he was running for president you would be trashing him like he was David Duke. Save it
Video from 2007?????
SENATOR McCain GOD ALWAYS PERFORM MIRACLES !I KNOW HE HAS DONE MANY TO ME ;AND TROUGH ME !HE WILL PERFORM MIRACLES ;THROUGH OTHERS FOR YOU!
Please remember we are all susceptible to illness, we all deserve healthcare.  Thinking of John McCain. 
Choices...we all deserve healthcare choices
McCain will get through this.
One of the reasons I admire you do is your heart
That's unfair.  This is a lethal cancer. Pray/hope for quality of life, dignity, and to company of loved ones. No more battle mentality
@SenSchumer America feels the same w/exception of 1... Trump, can't being himself to even tweet about it! He's the spawn of Satan!
I am a democrat, but I have nothing but respect for Senator McCain
To all those with glioblastoma who will die or go bankrupt without single payer...
As with the ways of Chuck. Thousands will die in line waiting for care under single payer. It's a death trap.
fuck the (R) and fuck the centrist (D).
That's a good way to.start a dialogue.
1. That's not slander, it's an opinion.
2. I am not obligated to be civil, this isn't sorkinworld.
3. medicare for all.
Medideath is a death trap.
You also have an opinion, this is good.
So here's where you show me that either pre-obamacare or obamacare itself is superior to single payer.
Finally a kind word from Sen Schumer - thank you
#LyinChuck
