you're aware trump is on Track to spend obamas entire 8 year traveling budget in one year?
lol it's funny how you guys believe anything just as long as its obamas fault. Idiot
you're a puppet for putins puppet
lol ok! Maybe you think that but he was just cemented as 12th best president ever, and that will only increase as we see 45 admin
Stop giving our money away and you'll have plenty for our social security ! Illegal is illegal !
Quick question Schmuck,where'd all the money go ? if it's entrusted to congress as a savings account, then it should all be in there,right ?
Well because of voters like you, we do not have a "Lock Box" for SS....remember that? YOU voted to raid the fund....cause yu voted for GW...
...lol...you're doing a lot of assuming, and like a typical arrogant ass, you're also wrong...but good effort trying to scold me...;/
I correct you, only "arrogant asses" use derogatory language and attempts to intimidate on SM....Nice try on that, as well....
Didn't the last President double the National Debt during his two terms? How dare you lecture us on this subject!
I think yu confusing GWB with BO....GWB is your man for that...
No. Check the facts . Natl. debt doubled during Obama's administration.
And why do we have such a large deficit? President Obama can answer that question for u.
Social Security is theft. You will see a check Schumer but people my age who have to pay into the system will never see a dime. SS is broke.
Sen Chuck, why won't u address the solution: adjust actuarial tables to reflect the accurate life expectancy? Pandering more important?
Pandering is always more important. Democrats are masters at pandering. Think about it.... it's sickening. Crybaby chuck has perfected it
Isthat why you gave all the SSA recipients about 1 dollar raise last year
How did Obama deficit spending stack up? He raised taxes! Lowering taxes booms economy!! Are you using Common Core Math??
Do you understand how much debt we have?? We are under water! Reforms are necessary & can be done w/o killing Soc Sec.
Not my Congress man. Thank God. I couldn't vote for the mentally ill. You suck crying Chuck the clown. Ss and medi aren't going anywhere.
SS is a separate tax from Income Tax?
Dems using scare tactics again!
Pharmaceuticals should be threatened not social security
Schumer your a lying Dimms Politician You've been stealing from SS for years, and for 8 years there's been no COLA from Obama the CrookDTS
Then put back the money you to out of SS
How much money has it cost us to support illegals. Easy foryou to say it ,youhave millions of illegals and there families inyour pocketbook
Well then have your people put all the money back they agreed to take from it.
Honest question senator: how much of my paycheck are you entitled to and why are you entitled to it?
All of you are sick That's what got our president in office!
If you Democrats would focus on creating environment to get people OFF welfare instead of putting more on it, SSI wouldn't be a problem.
Govt. already STOLE r Social Security money, so what's  big deal? POTUS can make r lives better by CUTTING TAXES . Deficit already xploded!
Big government makes it harder and harder for Americans to rise out of poverty. Big govt is the problem NOT economic inequality.
Where was this deficit concern when Obama doubled the national debt?
Lying Chuck it's not like that. Dems keep lying only the stupid follow you
True! Particularly since we elders PAID for that Social Security. It is no gift. It's the government returning OUR money.
It is ours but he's not being honest.
Social Security & #Medicare is paid by the Employer & Employee! It's the EMPLOYEES MONEY. This would be biggest robbery US history by @GOP!
Know your Rights. Social Security & Medicare have been robbed before by Republicans, that's why #Gore wanted a #LockBox law to protect #SSA
You're not too smart are ya?
Your pay scales should be threatened not social security
Social security shouldn't be threatened , illegals persons should be
Trump isn't cutting SS, you clown! Stop spreading false claims!
There's nothing to fear but Schumer himself.
So get your greedy hands out of it!
And one of our seniors was knocked down and dragged today in Boston by one of your ANTIFA'S
OMG. You can't honestly say that you care about SRs and disabled since all of you have been robbing SS money from them for your own benefits
And we shouldnt let fear mongering politicians lie to the People any longer! Your hate for @potus is stronger than your love for Americans!
Anybody with any Common Sense would dis  this POTUS he is a disgrace &  laughing stock of the world!.. that's not hate from me that's a fact
If we can balance a check book , and buy what we need so can you . It's easy just do it , for all Americans Just not a chosen few
Chuck, you are a joke. Go home and look in the mirror.
You are so right Senator and the COL is not keeping up with inflation rents, groceries and just living.
Lower the student loan interest rate!
Did you look at the debt from the last administration? You have a spending problem! Cut ALL subsidies would be a start.
Quit trying to scare everyone
leave our social security alone that we paid into for many http://years.Tax  plan does not touch it your lying again stop it
You mean Medicaid robbing Medicare
You and your democratic partners have been using our money for years and killing it. I'm for anything you can't touch hypocrite.
Hopes for the assassination of a sitting President...totally inappropriate and disgusting from a Senator...
I call for the removal of senator Chappelle- Nadal to be removed from office...she is a part of the problem and not the solution to say she
I call for senator Chapelleg
give back the money you an the rest of you thugs stole from us to use for your own agenda an it will be just fine !
At a Soup Kitchen recently I heard an elderly man herald & praise Trump, while taking his handout of free food.  Does he even realize?
To those Trump-followers who salute everything he does, have you even looked past your own nose to see how this will affect / devastate you?

Your not worried about anything but filling your own pockets. Just shut up we are not all stupid
You had no problem stealing it for obama crap
What are you going to make sure he doesn't get us a tax break either because we can't get health insurance that is decent because of you
Mr Schumer, if the Dems would quit borrowing money from it we wouldn't be in this situation! 7 years, what did you do to help. Nothing!!!!!
Never will on Trump's watch You need to get out of his way.  God is greater than you.  He doesn't lie.
Said beautifully.  SS will stay but Trump must go.  The sooner the better!
Well it didn't seem to bother Chuck when obama took $800 million from social security. Hypocrites
It's time to play HARDBALL, Chuck.  Start with getting Pelosi to step down in favor of a younger MAN.
And all the illegals, women having kids from 5 fathers who are not around n ppl faking disabilities u schumer
Hey Chuck, stop dipping into it.
Lol obama doubled our fucking debt
We were forced to contribute and it is not a giveaway.
Republicans should be shut down 100% until & unless they rid us of Trump
Chuck, seniors need a decent raise this year.  $5 total last year and nothing for few years before...
Hey Chuck, stop taking our Social Security to pay for your social programs.
Really? Vital? Ive been denied for 7 years, broken neck, but I dont "LOOK" disabled "enough"... had to move to france for healthcare. Thnks
Excuse me SSI some of us are old enough to have an attention span longer than 3 minutes.he got shot & it never got paid back
U stole from it.
You let obama take $800 million for health care.  You people in congress are theirs. Both sides
True.  We paid into it and should not lise our investment.
Just make sure you are keeping a list of all the laws/leg/$$ that have to be CHANGED BACK when the freek show leaves town!!! Change ASAP
more lies
And you and your buds stole Social Security by making the income part of the budget,.
No tax reform is going to change SS or Medicare. You use that as a scare tactic. Stop it!! You need to be fired!!
What. A. Hypocrite.
Judgment Day simply cannot come soon enough for hypocrites.
It's NOT threatened!!  You are regurgitating FAKE NEWS!!!
Quit trying to scare Americans .. social security is paid for by us Americans.. chuck schumer do you pay social security??
How long have you been in Congress why haven't you done something.
then quit stealing it to fund leftist programs
Democrats own Obamacare and now you want to continue to punish the middle class with Obama's tax attacks. Greta strategy Crybaby.
We the retired living only on SS need a decent raise. You should not collect SS with your hi pension and your $ you don't need it
@TheDemocthede@gop 
@SenSchumer #FDR wrote to issue. Raise age 2 years.
Come back to the rest of it later, (2) yrs?
Bipartisanship dead?
Tax reform is not threatening my social security. You and you and the rest of your democrat and rino friends are!
Stop being an alarmist chuck, no one @potus is going to take social security away and you know it, your acting pathetic and desperate.
Work on healthcare, tax cuts4 middleclass&poor and small businesses,infrastructure, education, school choice, jobs & especially job training
Now you're worried about the deficit???
Social Security would be just fine if the Congress had not used it like a slush fund.The money we donated all of our lives for retirement.
For Lyin Chuck to mouth this about SS sums up a sorry apathetic,  inept & incompetent career in congress
Why have you been robbing it blind?
Hell y'all have already sucked it dry
SS has plenty of money now you liberals just pay back all the loans that you've taken from Social Security amd!it will ne just!fine LIARS
Yes. We must fight our Cheeto and Chief at every turn. Give him nothing. His legacy will be tweeting hate. That's all!

Maybe we should keep Social Security for who it was intended for!  US Citizens who have paid into it!  Not "Chain Emigrant" dependents?
what have you done,,take from it never put it back,,you won,t take the CAP off social security so it would stay strong.

c
How many more Americans will die because the @GOP wants bigger healthcare kickbacks & lower taxes for their greedy counterparts? #IMPEACH45
schumer thats a lie an you know it ! Do you dems ever tell the truth on anything ??
Yes chuck for the people that paid into social security NOT for those that DON'T pay into it
Lift the payroll cap on Social Security
Are you at it again. Stop with the bull and start working with the GOP to pass the agendas of the Prez. You try to panic the people
Thank you so much for fighting for Seniors and Social security... Veteran of Vietnam and 5 years in Iraq.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgzCswS-okk …
For once I agree with you. Socsec however shouldn’t have been put in the general fund and those who don’t pay in shouldn’t draw out.
You proposing repaying the billions taken from Social Security during the Johnson Administration? Or are you ignoring your responsibility?
Believe it has helped the Government spending more the Seniors & Disability
More scare tactics from the left. You stoop to new lowest level.
The Baby Boomer generation will have a lot to say come election time if Trump & Co mess with it.
Hey Chuck. Obama doubled the national debt on your watch. Were you paying attention? NOT!
No the looney left blew the roof of that already. #MAGA @SenSchumer Resign
but deficit exploding entitlement spending is ok with you, right Schmucky?
Yessss!
Then why did you allow obama to steal from it
Remember Cuck, we Seniors n Disabled paid in to SS all are working years for our retirement HANDS OFF!!!
 Antifa DOJ going after Lib's hate group. Pres Trump using their IP address. ROLFLMBO
What benefits seniors get from Social Security is far from being able to house feed and clothe them!  need to have affordable housing asap
Probably shouldn't have spent that money then huh?
Ur donors want "tax reform" they pay u & ur fellow party members to not fight against them. Either work 4 us or them, can't work for both
The only things threatening it are politicians dipping into it or misusing it Senator Schumer . #Crooksinoffice
The angel of doom as usual.
WTF.  you have no idea what your talking about.  before you die please tell the truth at least once.
Why is your mouth still saying things that go without saying never going to be messed with you just like hearing yourself talk we don't
Make Social Security the ONLY retirement plan for Congress.  That will guarantee it works forever.
Since when, are you concerned with deficits? You are a liar and a member of the now, Socialist Democratic Party! Ask Bernie
it appears as if you are trying to change the narrative,  chuck,  ANTIFA, is not going away until you condemn this group
What about you all borrowing it all the time ?
Well how about the Government pay back all the $$ it has borrowed from it over the past 30 years!!!  Their would be no problem......theif!!
the Democrats should put the money back they stole!!!!
If Demwits hadn't stolen from the Social Security trust fund, there would be no problem. Need to get more honest about it as a line item!
Social Security is the people's money.  Using for government purposes is stealing from the people.
Cutting taxes killed Kansas economy.  Raising taxes gave California 4.9% GDP
TV ads for tax reform by too rich people who want to be richer.  Won't help SS-only helps Wall Street. Raise taxes!
If you really are sincere about Social Security you will not just talk and sit down with your other Senators and make the changes required.
Social Security has to be reformed or it will go BUST.  You know it, we know it, yet no one will stand up and do anything to fix it.
Chuck this is a Gr8 tweet, deficit-exploding just makes me laugh.  What has been going on for the last 20 years, your all spending our money
I guess you have forgotten you exploded the national debt to $20 trillion. How quickly you forget.
Have you seen the actual plan? How about working to reform? We are over taxed in every aspect.
Year after year after year of record federal revenues and deficit spending in EVERY year, where do you propose cutting spending?
After YEARS of borrowing and abuse your worried about deficits?What have you done? ZERO. Stop the DEMagoguery and work together to fix.
You are not a business owner, so I already know you haven't a clue the cost it is on those of us who pay it. #REPEALANDREPLACESCHUMER
You libs DOUBLED the debt over the last eight years.  Wow the hypocrisy is strong in this one.
IT's a proven fact that lowering taxes on the rich has never gone down to the poor!
They just get Richer...
Ill take my money back through tax cuts rather than you have it to mis-manage. Oh, pay the money back to SSN that congress took too.
Can you actually spew this $hit with a straight face? Only the Dem sheeple might believe you. FLAT tax please.
So doubling the national debt in 8 yrs was a benefit to Social Security? Your concern seems oddly political.
Very true Chuck. I don't agree with you much. Where was your concern the last 8 years while spending away and doubling the debt in 8 years?
Deficit exploding??? Schmuck, did you see the deficits & debt from the last administration? $10T to over $19T debt in 8 yrs.
Did you see the Budget surplus we had in the beginning of GW ???? Did yu see what it was when he left ?? Better watch yur numbers...
Stop stealing $$ from it Chuckie...
Are they getting in your cookie jar chucky?
Don't want your dipping pond messed with huh
Before u start kissing Pakistani a$$ today I'd rather wish the country of INDIA happy freedom from Sharia Muslims Day and now:
After 8 yrs. of obama. you're about the deficit. LOL
You are correct we need what you and your kind have been doing for the past 8+ years.
Is that like the time obama robbed SS for 500m overnight
And now you're suddenly worried about the defecit?  Give me a break Chuck.
They try to touch SS & they will see a protest of magnitude proportions.  Fund a stupid wall but harm seniors -the Trump way!
We need to get the lazy not wanting to work off it. We need to get the loans against it paid back
Well you have screwed with it for decades. Raise the age now or increase the tax which you will then spend and place an I.O.U
It's been stolen from for years. Stop with the sky is falling routine....again. Progressive thinking not SOS hating
THIS HAS BEEN GOING ON UNDER YOUR WATCH FOR YEARS! CANT BLAME TRUMP BLAME YOUR SELF SMUCK
Keep blowing smoke!!  No more pay increase and less vactions!!
If we didn't have Social Sec., our seniors would live mostly in poverty. People worked very hard to depend on SS for as long as they lived.
Never once have I thought that Social Security would be a subjects. many people worked for a company with a pension plan that covered them
Then work with the GOP to form a flat tax system that won't cut social security & make cuts elsewhere to increase spending for the disabled
then Congress needs to stop robbing it then. Right? and remove all illegals who are not entitled to it.  removing drug users from it too
Mr. Schumer go away you are so pathetic just like Feinstein do your job that's what us taxpayer pay you for
how about when Obama increased our deficit for the last two terms?? You didn't mention anything then. Now you care? ;)
Stop the BS. Social Security is self funding and doesnt need anything except Congress to pay back what was taken from the fund.
But Chuck social security is a bankrupt, bloated, bureaucracy. Someone has to fix it sooner or later. What is your plan?
cs-urhate-alloverurface+ur-potus-snakebackstabitshows-giveitup -already!hoponpotus-train-stopurpartisan-msmdalo-it'sa-nogo-ur-embarrassment!
urightabtdefctxplode-butwrongabt'insinuatingcause'-comsense-past8feckless-&uguysout'fcntrlappalling-SPENDING-havocfr-sen's&ALL-potusfix 
you politicians are the ones that have squandered it and used it for ur own slush fund!
We need tax reform.. enuff with scare tactics..
Will u ruin #SocialSecurity like IndyMac Bank which set off a Bank Panic that caused the 2008 economic collapse???
Thank you Sen Schumer.
https://twitter.com/AltNatSecAgency/status/897299982126133248 … sending this to all Dems and GOP have you seen this it's dictatorship 101 very dangerous move
(Thread) This is a huge step toward an authoritarian regime, possibly the biggest yet honestly... For the DOJ to
http://thehill.com/policy/cybersecurity/346544-dreamhost-claims-doj-requesting-info-on-visitors-to-anti-trump-website …
Cut spending
Too Late.  Obama and Democrats finished breaking it with unrestrained wasteful spending. $150 billion Iran expedited nuclear weapons, etc.
Nonsensical, ridiculous argument.
