Schumer's said he is part of the resistance so anything Trump does he's against even if it benefits poorest or him a rich guy
Well trump is out for himself and all his little crony friends. I'm happy to have people still looking out for the middle and lower class.
Here's is the difference-Trump went in Rich- congress has done nothing but make themselves rich working for us
If you're a millionaire or billionaire then you have nothing to fear. If you're not and you're like the rest of us, he's not gonna help you.
lI am a small business owner you obviously have not been paying attention to his plan!
Also he shouldn't be able to touch tax codes till we see his tax return. And I think there are lots of people in congress who agree with me.
not many agree with you
And you should also want to know how Trump will profit from this garbled mess he calls tax reform.
I'm lower middle class and this would be huge for me! Also, our economy is not mature, it's stagnant.
how ?
How to who and what?
how does this tax cut benefit u exactly?
We haven't seen final version yet but what I've seen so far will make about 6-9k difference for lower middle class married couples
SenSchumer why do people hate it ? I mean on both sides not just liberals it's has to hurt certain people
On lib side, they want equal results not equal opportunity. So want to punish success and move them closer to everyone else, hate capitalism
Here we go again, The 1% are suffering and need tax relief
As a middle class income, you have made it impossible for me to live in NYS. HIGHEST TAXED WELFARE STATE IN THE NATION. NO JOBS. NO WAY!
I'm middle class & thrilled w/plan! Doubles my deduction, allows $24k income b/4 having to pay tax!Helps business YOU'RE INSANE @SENSCHUMER!
What BS by Schumer. He knows it will help middle class,and upper class will pay more with fewer deductions.
His answer is to keep spending into oblivion. Keep the status quo and pass it to our kids ! Not leadership,Rome fell this way !
You had 8 years to "fix income distribution" and it got worse so maybe try something new??? Something that will provide for better pay jobs!
Shocker.  He's protecting the rich NY'ers that have to pay those high state taxes and want to deduct it.  People r tired of his obstruction
Or are you talking about the backdoor welfare system where those that pay no taxes somehow get a "refund" anyway?  I know several who do.
You seriously didn't expect him to approve it, did you?
I mean, all of the alt left congress men and women keep saying this, but why wont they tag some proof to the statement.
The middle class & lower income Americans disagree with your statement @SenSchumer. Finally some hope for us! Thank you @realDonaldTrump !!
It was Reagan trickle down economics which created the income inequality we experience today! We never recovered from it! Now this? Sheesh!
 haters. It's a good day America!
NOT fooling any1 Chuckie, except ur braindead voters!U've done ZIP for 20yrs 4 inc.equity, deficits,tax reform,jobs!ALL about Soros$/RESIST!
Worst how?  Explanation.
Is Schumer among the living? After 8 years of democratic controlled government, we are lucky to have any "wealthy" left.
Dems shouldn't even discuss taxes until Trump releases his taxes.I'd love to see a unified front declare this ASAP #NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReforms
Who cares about what Trump paid?Hopefully nothing?
I know the Russians don't 
If Trump does not release his tax returns there should be no negotiations on any of his proposals
Tax returns released by Maddow - Trump paid $35 million in AMT. He now wants to cut it. Still think this tax plan is about middle class?
None of Trumps proposals are about the middle class Health care & tax revision benefit the wealthy The rest of us are screwed again
Exactly.
Old chucky "WHOPPER" Schumer loves the revenue collected from consumers by the corporations. He knows they don't pay taxes, they collect.em.
@SenSchumer needs to step down as leader, he's doing a horrible job
Paying no tax makes life harder for middle and lower income Americans...I see you didn't major in finance or economics in College.
Hades will freeze over first.
Why doesn't this guy run for president since he has all the solutions to America's problems?
@SenSchumer Resist Trump and these conservative nuts. Kee up the good work.
Chuck Schumer doesn't like an idea from @POTUS ??????  
Sen. Schumer the Republicans stole the Supreme Court so let's not give them the tax cut the big tax break 4 the rich & the middle class🖓*!!
Income distribution...where have I heard that before....still playing Robin Hood, huh?
WHAT YOU, THE ELITE, HAVE BEEN FIGHTING FOR IS THE MARXIST DISTRIBUTION OF WEALTH TO DESTROY THE MIDDLE CLASS, MAKE US ALL POOR, SLAVES!
You're always good for a laugh.  Dems raised taxes on the wealthy and it didn't help middle class at all. Sit down Chucky.
Schumer is a liar. The tax cuts are designed to help the middle class and small businesses. Why are dem leaders so against the middle class?
Everyone txt RESIST to 50409. Follow prompts. OR call your reps (202) 224-3121. Let them know NO tax reform until Trump releases his taxes.
You have no right to see them
I know it isn't a law. Transparency.
Alternative Miminum tax- paid by wealthiest- gone. Estate tax paid by wealthiest- gone. Repatriation tax didn't work last time. Wealthy 1/
win- middle and lower class lose. Again.
for a guy who has "never" held a job in the private sector giving advice about taxes is totally stupid.  he's been congress for over 30+ yrs
The last 8years the Democrats way didn't work wake up and listen.
But family's making btwn $10-$30K in annual income would get $10 for childcare. So there's that.
There are #Only18EnumeratedPowers for the feds in the #Constitution
#LuckyForUSA  #IncomeDistribution #IsNot one of them  #Art1Sect8
You are a #LIAR with NO understanding of economics. Reagan cut taxes, government revenue went up!
Pretty sure Schumer is off his meds, again. Someone on his staff forgot to refill the prescription.
Schumer would be happier if the tax rate was 100%
proof he will be against everything Trump proposes
The Dem leadership needs to listen to us and NOT engage about tax reform until we see Trumps taxes
You have no legal right
@SenSchumer The only president that did nothing 4 the Midle class was BHO leave DT 2 do something 4 us. Enough of the BS ofDems
I wish Sen Shumer were correct, but he's not. As a 1 percenter I'll pay more under the rumored tax plan. The lower brackets will pay less.
Back up the statement with facts!
Really?
Is Schumer mentally challenged? Seriously, those talking points make absolutely no sense to anyone who has seen the tax plan.
Schumer is right
He probably wrote that two months ago...Schumer could have written that plan and he would have said the same thing to criticize Trump.
He would be funny if his lies weren't so damaging to the American people.
Schemer has shown time and time again that he can screw up a wet dream so his blathering shouldn't surprise or concern anyone.
Why does this liar go unchallenged? Facts and truth don't matter!
#WakeUpAmerica
Schemer needs to go
I like it, simple, lower for most people - what's that clown problem, less money to spend at FED level - well to bad, Great PLAN - GREAT MAN
income and he'd be against it.
President Trump could hava announced he was sending a special $1,000 rebate to all taxpayers with less than $25,000 taxable
I didn't think there could be a bigger jackass in the Senate than Harry Reid, then came @SenSchumer. Party + Power > Country. On the take.
GOP TAX REFORM in English means: "FU@ck the poor, grow the deficit, and promise 3% growth so red-hat idiots swallow the LIE
He is an idiot. Must have a comprehension disability. Poor thing.
@WashCoNYDems #cult45 freaks
gop is licking its chops, calling this opportunity for unleashed greed something that doesn't come along very often
What the heck is Schumer talking about? How is the tax plan hurting the middle class?
Schumer & his minions are harder @ wk to LIE about tax reform than N. Korea to build a nuke.
Schumer is a boob.
With a prosperous, self-sufficient country, you & your party cease to exist. Let's hope tax reform brings about that end.
Income distribution? ?Obama collected $300,000 for a speaking engagement..this guy needs to research before saying stupid things

Americans see through your bullsh t and personal self interest! Get over your personal butt hurt issues with our 45th and put America 1st!
Schemer, what a drama queen! You need to chill.
@SenSchumer need a flat tax for all 15% people and businesses
@SenSchumer Your disregard of facts was never more evident
Obviously Schumer hasn't read the tax reform bill....He is completely wrong!
Everyone gets a tax cut. Businesses will bring back trillions of $$ overseas; stop moving to China, Ireland, India & Mexico! VOTE FOR IT.
He's an idiot ! How is lowering taxes on the middle class making it worse !
Kick Shumer out of office!
Chuckle, get over yourself.  Let the President do his thing. I guess I will see you on TV crying tomorrow. # cryingchuckie
Schumer SHUT UP!!!!!
Don't they have any new arguments? They used this w/ Regan! Wrong then wrong now! #taxreform #First100
Reagan was in recession by the end of his presidency moron.
Schumer's statement is meant to cause more hysteria amongst the liberal sheep followers who oppose everything Trump.  #MAGA
The wealthy pay most of the taxes, so it just makes sense they would benefit the most. It's called simple Math. U should try it sometime.
@SenSchumer no chuckie you and Obama made the rich richer and punished working folks with Obamacare
Hypocrite! As long as you keep greasing your palm on Wall Street all is good in your world! Why don't you live amongst the people you bait?
Does @SenSchumer even believe the BS he pontificates?  Because no one else believes this crap.
Schumer is a blithering idiot that probably drools while he speaks!

Is that why you voted for him, middle America?
Schumer is just stuck on stupid and can not get off!
Idiot
Those of us in the real world earn our money...It is not distributed to us and we'd appreciate it if you'd stop taking from us...
Trump plan to go $24,000 tax break for family of four, radical Dems won't give up getting taxes, want more
That guy has totally caved to the far, far left of his party. Sad
Stick your partisan democRAT class-warfare lies where the sun don't shine, Chucky. Crooked Hillary LOST. Face it.
Dem sheep if you believe one of your fearful leaders you can continue with the 30-35%, & please continue with low start income not the 24k
No fool like a old fool, chuck schemer is the worst.
@SenSchumer  is being narrow minded about improving economy. Easier to say no to everything than be a statesmen and help create solutions.
You are a joke! America first not politics. You should be ashamed of yourself!
This guy is such a jerkoff!
Then how about you give up your salary because you don't need it . You must have a couple of million to share
Can't stand Schumer. He's a pansie !!! He's so off base. He and Pelosi should get out!!
Not a surprise @SenSchumer is opposed to @POTUS tax plan. Dems are opposed to anything & everything @GOP. The Dem agenda is to reject it all
like right after 8yrs of Obama malaise that killed middle-class without low wages & Obamacare premiums,pathetic
Amazing how Schumer is willing to show his stupidity on tweeter . He has no  financial ability and just tried to be negative to the right
That is what Schumer always what people to think, as he will tell you he is the only one in the world who know anything.
With that statement mr. Schumer I can guarantee you're not a bookkeeper this is false news from you and you should quit misinforming people
You didn't think @chuckschumer would like anything POTUS put out did you?
He is really a nasty man who was a terrible representative and now senator.  Love to know how many perks he abuses!!!!
maybe a Rico investigation should be done on all the $ missing from the past admin.$6B just in Sec. of State, then all the money to Iran etc
@FoxBusiness Chuck Schumer is an idiot. Just blows Lefty BS and collects lobbyist money.
You only know how to spew hate! Shot up! Trump is doing the best for ALL Americans!
No 1 Poor Pay No Taxes 2You would not agree no matter what. Not worth arguing #Clown
Yeah we should increase taxes on everyone so the govt has more of our money to waste or give away to illegal migrants & lazy Americans.
we can give billions to Iran and such regardless of deficit.  But not to let us keep our own money?! FU #MAGA #Deplorables #DnC
YOU HAVE MORE CORNERS IN YOUR MOUTH THAN A POOL TABLE!!
Do you even read it Chuck? Or just reject it because it did not come from Hillary? Seriously you people suck. Get a grip on reality.
Chucky is taking the side that will end Dem party 2018. What a dummy!
Chuck's got no idea what's in the plan but will open his mouth & insert foot.DEMS R taxing small business & middle class out of existence.
Sen Schumer you sir are a how you say..........A Schmuck!!!!!!
MY UNDERSTANDING THEY DIDNT RELEASE THE WHOLE PLAN SO HOW COULD YOU COMMIT. ALSO IF THE THE DEMOCRAPS HAVE A PLAN PRESENT IT. IF IT BETTERS.
Hey chuck? Income 'distribution' is a kind way of saying 'were taking ur money to give to others'.
This man should not have the word "leader" associated with his name.
So predictable.
Oh Chuckles. Tsk tsk tsk. Explain harder for middle class. Be specific.  Oh wait - u can't. 
More Trump talk, talk, talk
Almost 100 days and no bills passed
That's Trump's fault how??? Co-equal branches of govt. The Congress needs to get it DONE.
Please tell us exactly the parts that make it worse for the middle class?
DEMOCRAP = LIAR AND HYPOCRITE.  PATHETIC AND EVIL ARE DEMOCRAPS.
By law he doesn't have to release his tax returns and frankly I care more about what he's doing on tax reform.
Schumer left out the part about Trump cutting taxes for middle class, small business & cutting out death tax.
The left knows squat about economics, and charlatans like @SenSchumer exploit Millennial ignorance to grab more power. #EconomicStupidity
Totally disagree, as we don't know the full details how could any of what was said today make life harder on middle/lower class?
Can he lie anymore that this statement. POTUS has no special interest groups like Schumer and Obama killed the middle class.
Facts please not sound bits Schumer
Mr. Schumer how long ago did you have that statement written for you?
Maybe by going more socialism, like Venezuela, it would work like that here Senator Schumer?
Fox actually tweeted that out? Whoa!
As long as we have Schumer & Polosi Republicans are guaranteed a second term.
Of course @SenSchumer typed up this reply last week.  It didn't matter what the plan was...
Caligulas horse makes a better senator than this clown. Complete waste of oxygen.
We knew you would fight this tooth and nail. If it was perfect you would complain. Time to go.
I'm thinking as a retired person with little income i'll be in that 10% bracket which will save me 7 to 10 % of my income So PO Schumer.
Many people in that range - would agree, I mean 1 or 2 percent helps but up to 10 - can really help people ... not rocket science
DemocRATS Globalist Islamist v. USA
As usual he is lying. When will people realize how crooked dems are?
WTH is he reading!??
Schummer here's a message for you.... isn't it great when they got nothing!!!
Gosh I'm surprised & when did income distribution become American way?
Right out of the liberal playbook, regardless of the plans content.
That is the most stupidest thing I've ever heard
Just in case you want to tweet again, stupidest is not a word.
Chuck: why no statement that you oppose elimination of deductions of state and local tax? Important to your constitutents.
Clown schumer stop clowning around , ur a pathetic dem , hypocrite n UN AMERICAN
And what did your party do to help the middle class and lower income Americans? DEMS STILL HAVE NO MESSAGE! #GETTOWORK
Pulled you out of a recession, brought home values back up, restored your 401k, stabilized the market, saved the auto industry, created jobs
So why is the middle class getting smaller under Obama and democrat in control
