#Breaking: Trump rolls back Obamacare's contraception rule http://politi.co/2fQM0Hd  
More access to birth control means fewer abortions. Are pro-life people blind, crazy or just stupid?
Try abstinence and responsibility
Yeah right.Ban the sale of Viagra and this penis enhancers.Takes two to make babies.Even the fairy tales in the bible know this.
Who is banning contraceptives? I didn't Kno birth control was an aphrodisiac . Or vagina enhancer. Must be liberal fairytale
Abstinence is always the argument and it's unrealistic. Plain & simple. What about married women who don't want kids? They can't have sex?
If they are married and cannot afford 9$ a month, then something is sadly wrong , or husband can not afford a .50 cent condom??
Guess you've been lucky.
Tell ya what if you're unlucky enough that you cant find 50 cents, I will show you how to sign up at your local health dept.
Would be interested to see your list of fundamental rights
How about the right to have the same coverage as men for reproductive based medicine? Viagra=covered. BC=not covered. Wonder why?
You're telling me the law compels employers to cover Viagra, even if they have a moral objection?
No. I'm saying that somehow "religious" exemptions are always aimed at women-based healthcare services.
I'm confused. I Q'd Schumer what "fundamental right" is taken away. You said "the right to have same coverage as men" & brought up Viagra
So I asked if insurers are required to cover Viagra, and you said no.
So I'm not seeing how religious exemption to contraception coverage denies women equal right to something men are guaranteed?
It seems like your real complaint may be w/ the nature of the religious view - seeing it as pretext to harm women
Birth control is not a right. Lol
I don't believe you.  No way.  A talking point as false as your leftist heart.
“Birth control” is used for more than preventing pregnancy.
And that changes my responsibility HOW?
Do you feel the same about chemotherapy? I’m talking about medicine that combats illness and medical issues.
We should be free to pick our own and everyone else can pick what they need--it worked for many years before Obamacare.
I am 52 I’ve had my own insurance since I was 18, all major hmo/insurances. Plans are based on out of pocket cost not what they cover.
Excellent.

Are you asking if bc has been banned, no.It just gives the right for some employers to no have bc http://coverage.Like  n the 80s-2000syrs
crying  sch get a grip. #MAGA @SenSchumer resign
Weinstein' dirty rape money. #chuckschumer #womenshealth
Let me guess, men get viagra so it’s not fair?
Let them pay for their own birth control. Better yet buy condoms
No one has the right to have someone else pay for their contraception.  Stop pandering to your lobbyists Senator
Chuck hard working women can afford their own BC
Like you’re trying to do with guns?
It's nine bucks. Stop bribing ignorant voters with stupid perks.
"IF oNlY pOoR pEoPlE wOuLd StOp BeInG pOoR"- Steven Smith, probably. If it's so cheap and affordable then covering it shouldn't be an issue.
I would like to know what person living under the poverty line can't squeeze $9/mo into their budget..
The kind of person living under the poverty line, probably
Poverty line for a 1 person household in US: $11,770
12 months of birth control: $108
Amount left after birth control: $11,662

YUGE!!
Average annual expense of a single child: $14,970
Average annual rent (2013): $10,448
Now what about food and other essentials?
Now go ahead and figure out how much welfare and gov. subsidies a single mother receives, and recalculate.
Nah, I'm not gonna do your work for you
@RealDonaldTrump Why??? Why would you do this? Do you want more abortions to occur? Do you want more unwanted babies born, may not have care
Why do you think that it's illegal now?I buy my own it's 9.00 a month pretty cheap.
Chuck...how did you survive without a brain or soul for so long? YOU pay for it if you support it
Fuck. Off.
Very intelligent.
If you ever have a moment of self reflection please include your part in the LV tragedy. Your hate fuels their insanity.
Thing about fundamental rights...they come from God-not government.  You know, like right to religious liberty that Obama rip away from nuns
Being able to buy birth control is not a right. Costco sells birth control. Stop treating women like children.
I’m a man so I’m not qualified to comment.
Methinks he's being facetious

Save us the faux outrage, #CryinChuck. Birth control is not a right #FFS.
No but separation of church and state is. Keep your nonsense out of my life, it’s my constitutional right.
Unconstitutional. Driven by uniting church and state. Judges? AGs?
Where is birth control listed in the Constitution?
GOP wants us to keep our hands off of their guns. I want them to keep their hands off my vagina!
They are it's called personal responsibility
Millions of women need birth control for medical reasons other than avoiding pregnancies. Read a book other than the Bible.
Maybe buy your own...
And when these babies are born, GOP wants them to not have insurance, not have food and not have an education.
What will change?  We can still get bc as we always do.
Companies can demand insurer  NOT to cover it, so they'd have to pay full cost every month - no doctor visit or script coverage for  BC.
Fundamental right? Birth control? Seriously? Where is that in the constitution? I’ll wait.
Fundamental right does not equal "in the constitution"
Marriage is also a right, however you can’t demand the govt to pay for it.
This is beyond stupid. How can they not understand that contraception prevents abortions?
No,it's not.  It is NOT a right, Schumer--stop lying.  You democrats think you can make anything a right.  Got news for you, Bud.
Source: a girl
Mine actually cost $50/month before Obamacare as I was self employed and had terrible insurance.
Get better insurance.
I did. Obamacare blue cross.
You're welcome....since I'm the one subsidizing it.
So GOP doesn’t want to help w/preventative birth control OR abortions OR prenatal/infant care. Sounds like a great plan. Anyone surprised?
Would you rather pay for birth control or welfare for unwanted children?
is it mandated by the government to be paid for?  it shouldn't be and if it is, it should be stopped
Why are you LYING Chuckie ?
It doesn't do this at all !
Oh wait, you probably didn't read this at all, did you ??
Health care, birth/gun control are not a rights, they're Social Imperatives administered for the well being of society.
Typo: ...are not rights...
Wait so birth control for women won't be available anymore?
This is unconstitutional! My mom hoped my life would be better than hers, and now we are back to the dark ages
It's not illegal to buy it. I buy my own. It's not very expensive.
How does that make sense? No birth control,  No abortion,  no prenatal care. What else is Trumpcare planning to take away?
My requirement to pay for your indiscretion
So attention all woman BAN intercourse with any man who supported this.  And don’t bend on a knee for this one!
Pence is behind this, right? I mean Trump has to be a believer in birth control...
Pence is evil for sure but Trump is the destroyer of anything Obama regardless of how he feels. Neither of these men give a crap about woman
Too true.
Triggered?
I don't think you know what that actually means. Language has purpose. But angry? Fuck yes. I am angry. You should be too.
I've been angry for a while having to pay for other's birth control--and abortions.
I have to pay for viagra and prostate exams. Everyone pays in to all medical. That's how insurance works.
And we're forced to pay a premium that does this?????--UNFAIR!
I'll take "what it sounds like when someone has no idea how insurance works for 200" alex
Psssst (ivealwaysbeenforcedtopayforyourshit) just admit you think dollars are more important than the women in your life and move on.
Who would think he'd do it any other way?  And the GOP response--teenagers won't have sex if they can't get BC. Yeah right.
Or they can take personal responsibility for the choices they make
Any Woman Who Supports Trump Has Some Serious Abuse Issues ! 

#MAGA #AbusedWomen #WomenAbusedByTrump #WomensRights
It’s not just $9.00 it’s the insurance cost then the dr visit/pap then to the pharmacy for the pills! 

Men: to the drug store..done!
I had my Dr write them when I got my gyn exams  and picked them up when I got groceries.
U still pay ur insurance/ur dr. bill/the cost of the script. It’s more than $9.00. Govt should not be involved in this..but it not $9.00!
Are you saying your insurance doesn't pay for all or most of you yearly gyno appt?I am saying that is when I do mine.And I no PP does them.
It isnt just for BC those pills do so much more & those idiots need to research it. It helps skin, regularity, migraines, cramps. Stupid men
Well it's good that it helps with all those issues but you still have pay for it.
I never said anything about it being free, U missed my point, which is, to deny BC is wrong it isnt just about BC it's about health too.
Same pill, diff indication. Hormone regulation, dysphagia, etc. just not birth control. You can still have it all!
I'm not worried about it, lol, my birth control pill days have been long gone.
Getting someone else topay for what you want is not a right! 
....“Fundamental right” my ass
Hmm. No?
I have a feeling Viagra and Cialis are still covered.
Yep. And so is BC under MOST plans. It just is no longer REQUIRED under EVERY plan. 
I am sure you will get whatever you need.
. .They Aren't in Charge of Women Screw These Morons! WE WILL END THE REPUBLICAN PARTY OVER BIRTH CONTROL THIS IS PERFECT WATCH US
Lmao you couldn't get Hillary elected
What do you expect from a satanic president. When will Trump be removed from office? What R U waiting for?
That’s perfectly illogical. His support of Christian organizations who desire to follow the teachings of their church amounts to satanism?!?
Are you guys suing? This is unconstitutional.
Why is it these idiots want to stop abortion, but make it harder to avoid unwanted pregnancies. #RepealRepublicans
It's called taking responsibility
That means men take responsibility too. Paying chid support for 18 years
Absolutely. Men and women both have to take responsibility for their actions.
Does @potus have a clue how this is going to  affect pockets? With insurance we are charged $60. Only get a couple free. Cost will skyrocket
Go to Walmart
This will not change 90% of insx plans. Your costs won’t change unless you choose a plan that doesn’t offer BC
I think it won't change 99.5% of plans tbh
Prolly right. 
Have a feeling payers will offer an updated set of plans which will amount to 10% which have no BC coverage.
Nah. It will be offered just as a prescription at $5 or $10 a month. No biggie
What "right" is being taken away? The decision still between the woman and her doctor. Ohhhh ..you mean the right of someone else paying.
OK Drama Queen..Get the facts He is not taking away contraception Planned Parenthood is still giving them out FREE
And his penis grew another cm
Crying Chuck are you going to give free condoms to men?
Please do not give him any more ideas on how to waste taxpayers money
So women will have to pay a co-pay for a product. Oh my it is the end of the world. Still not a right!
BC is NOT a fundamental right!
LIAR!
Women still have the right to buy & use birth control.
That fundamental right is MAINTAINED!
Even diabetics dont get their meds 4free

Not a right Chucky
You are a moron. If a woman wants birth control she can buy it herself
If you can afford a cell phone u can afford bc!  If you can afford makeup u can afford bc. See where I'm going w/this?  ACCOUNTABILITY!
Go to your local Elementary school and they will give you condoms
Isn't this the result of the Religous Freedom Act you and Bill put together?  Tell people the truth.

Omg so they’re  taking birth control off the shelves....No... just not forcing PRIVATE companies choosing what insurance to give employees.
Stop it just stop this stupid nonsense! $ 9 bucks for birth control a month...wooopie! Wow! That's Outragious for women to pay! Nuts! Lmao!
I paid for my own 40 years ago. Never dreamed it was ANYONE else’s responsibility, @SenSchumer. With a college degree I made $800 a mo.
Apparently birth control is in the Bill of Rights somewhere, but the 1a and 2a are negotiable.
People don’t have a fundamental right for the government to buy them something
So employers have no right to manage employee benafits packages? Untill congress and staffers END there privileged ACA exemptions SHUT UP!
A man commented to me: “Where in the constitution does it say women have a right to BC, where does it say women have any rights?”.
Freedom doesn’t mean free shit. It means you don’t have to pay for someone else’s free shit.
#fearmongeror
Yeah just checked the Constitution. Doesn't say anything about the 
"Fundamental Right to free birth control." Your a hack. Resign now.
Don't talk about fundamental rights you hypocrite. When you're trying to strip an actual fundamental right away from millions of Americans
Scuse me..please show me where it is written as a fundamental right to have your BC paid for..are condoms included for men?
The Constitution does not grant the right of public funded birth control and you know it. If you wonder why people despise you Chuck, this is a good example.
Doh!...
Why is he looking at our taxes?
Is this a lewd comment If Trump said this you would call him a misogynist
Prez Scumentia is sucking up to his holy advisors.
What is outrageous is that Big Pharma hasn't developed birth control for men! That is shameful.
Simple: Try abstinence !
100% effective and no birth control or abortion is required !
Yes, men should try it! I completely agree.
Its been 11+ years of abstinence for me.
Does one say congratulations to that? I 'm not sure.
Hard working .......but can't afford $9 a month
I’m actually not bothered by this at all. If you can’t afford birth control then don’t have sex. It’s called being an adult.
Women's birth control empowers men not women. Do the deed with no consequences. Men, ever heard of "pulling out"? #birthcontrolisnotaright
What, pray tell, is the fundamental right? Which one says the government can steal, by force, the fruits of my labor and give it to others?
It's outrageous that babies are killed everyday with your full support. #DefundPP

Not understanding religion/country debacle- no ones biz!! Not understanding #POTUS having such a hard on for Obamacare. #whatgives ?
It won't affect many. They can go to planned parenthood who seems to have lots of excess funds to give to the Dems.
How so? Can you not still buy BC? Maybe you can show us where in th constitution it says the govt should pay for BC?
Fundamental right my ass.
Will you defend all rights as an elected official?or just the ones you want?
I've searched the Constitution and am unable to find the "right to other peoples' money clause."
Oh wait. It must be in the constitution, right?
Why do I have to pay for other people’s sex lives?
Why should I pay so women can prostitute buy their own drugs
Stop listening to this fool! This is so your EMPLOYER isn't FORCED to pay for your birth control. You're EMPLOYED buy it yourself!
Just pay for it.  I paid for 20yrs out of pocket.  Whoopiedo.  Are condoms free?
I know you love saying things are "ripped away", but nobody had a fundamental right taken away.
#BeHonest
lol pay for your own sex life losers.
It doesn’t rip there right away. I have no problem paying for birth control and obama could have made birth control free for woman & didn’t
You think free birth control is a "Fundamental Right." Who are you? What about the fundamental right of tax payers to not have to pay for it
If they are hard working- they can pay for their own damn BC.  #MAGA
If your so poor you can't afford bc, there's a billion free clinics you can get it for free, and you certainly don't have insurance anyway.
Where in the Constitution is this right to free birth control?
Will you be making a statement on the outrageous acts against hard working women perpetrated by your dear friend and financial supporter?
No one is being denied anything, what's the fuss?
Buffoon. Walmart has bc for like $9 a month. If you can buy sexy underwear, you can afford bc.
Since when is birth control a right?
So the government not issuing me guns is a deprivation of my 2nd Amendment rights?  Please, go on....
How did you get elected if you have no idea about fundamental rights?  I bet you failed in government class
It’s $9 a month Chuck.
Don’t be a Schmuck, Chuck. 
Exactly what “fundamental right” are you referring to?
Contraception is still available to EVERYONE. 
Stop lying
Not only working women, but women in school too. I was on bc in college and graduate school for health reasons.
Abortion kills more humans than guns.
I'll stop whining. They can either keep their legs closed or by the birth control is not that expensive.
Where do you buy your birth control so cheap? And Condoms aren't that cheap either especially w/an allergy w/latex•Viagra NOT birth control?
What's outrageous is that you are still employed in our government. #TermLimitsPosterChild
Wondering if your copy of the Constitution has been modified. Life,Liberty and the pursuit of happiness doesn't mention free BCP
Chuck, it isn’t a fundamental “right” if I have to pay for someone else’s birth control!  Are you really that ignorant??
Aholes we birth control, it's expensive to have children & also it's good for are periods. Men stupid when it comes women's bodies
Nobody is outlawing BC.
Bullshit. We still have the right 4 birth control. R employers and taxpayer $$ should not pay for another's birth control. It's not health
Birth control has other uses.. it's not always a choice.. some people are prescribed bc for health reasons.
You still need a prescription
Rather than eternally paying for birth control pills the Govt should pay a one-time fee to have you sterilized....or you can buy your own.
They’re trying to bump up the abortion rate. Opposing it is their bread and butter for getting cheap votes w/no effort.
OK, then every month Men get Case of Beer. Grow UP,Everyone doesn't have 2 pay for Women's Birth Control. Unless we get to test it w/Randoms
If they work & get paycheck should be able 2 afford $9/mo BCP! Geez.....ridiculous!
Why should I as a taxpayer be required to pay for the contraception devices of a stranger when I don't believe in it. Buy your own pills.
What's the abortion body count up to Chucky you genocidal Democrats make Hitler , Mao and Stalin look tame .
Is there anything POTUS does that you DON'T feign outrage at?
Why don't you take some of your tax fayed funded per diem and kick in for them? You are in the 1% after all.
The right to be sluts?
Hard working has nothing to do with birth control. Nice try Chuck
The right to arms is a fundamental right as enumerated in the Bill of Rights. The “right” to birth control, not so much.
This is Good news
OK-yes, enough is enough-so when are you and others like you, going to do something about it!? #ImpeachTrump This is treason!!
No treason is trading 5 Taliban terrorists for a desserter
Dems are confused. Birth control is not a fundamental right.It is a personal responsibility, not an employers' duty to cover.
No it doesn't! But at this point in your pathetic career,  all you can do is LIE!
He is so enraged about the Steele dossier this is what he does. That is called Maniac. Remember the 25th.
The controversial Griswold decision made access to birth control a fundamental right. It didn’t say government had to pay for it.
OMG! How DARE @POTUS treat these hysterical nitwits like adults who shld pay for their own "choices"!  Horrifying!  Terrifying!
Ladies... Chuck Schumer seems to think that you can't afford $9 a month for birth control. He thinks you can't function without his help.
Do something Chuck.Figure out how to impeach him or invoke the 25th amendment.
Who made birth control a right? Do guys get free condoms?
Birth control is available...just not free
This fake outrage is merely a shameless ploy to attract the female vote.  Women, can you really be bought with a $10/month freebie?
Obamacare was unconstitutional, stop being delusional #SchumerSpyRing #ImranAwan #CriminalEnterprise #LookHereFBI
You’re a US Senator.  Please direct me to the part in the Constitution that covers contraception.
Rip a "right". That sums up everything wrong with the @democratic party today. Well that and Hillary
Let your followers grow up and pay for their own birth control. I would never expect tax payers to pay for mine.
Why should I pay for a woman's birth control.
Why should gov.be in birth control?
Please explain how sex is a right? Govt shouldn't pay for things that people can control by saying no. Married couples should have access.
Bull. It's $9 a month for birth control. You know it yet you are lying to the American people. Show a little character, please.
I agree with Chuck that all liberals should get free birth control because we don't want them to breed. Keep fighting Chuckie!!
How can a product be a right? Companies choose to produce it. If they all stopped making BC where would the right go?
Nice animated logo
once born the fetus loses all importance - no health insurance, no jobs, no clean environment...nothing
Schomer I don't know you personally but you sure come up with some stupid shit doesn't make you look good OK
“Fundamental right” ??? It’s just another handout. If you can’t afford contraceptives and don’t want to get pregnant...THEN DONT HAVE SEX!!!
Not a right! People can pay for their own BC!
Where are Dems on SCHIP?????? https://twitter.com/nowthisnews/status/917118159521378304 … @NancyPelosi @SenatorDurbin @PattyMurray
Reminder: Millions of children from low-income families just lost their health insurance, thanks to Republicans' on-going war on Obamacare 
how much money you get from left wing pervert Harvey Weinstein?
How much are they paying you?
Unless there was a 28th amendment passed while none of us were looking, there is no "fundamental right" to birth control.
Millions of non-working, single mothers. Why do women give their children a life of poverty?! Stop smoking, buy contraceptives.
Why they don’t want to pay for an employees birth control pills, and that’s even sad.
You are such a crybaby @SenSchumer you gotta give to get and all you do is prevent anything getting done GET TO WORK COMPROMISE W/ WH
@politico How much does birth control cost?
How about calling this decision a choice by the GOP to regulate uteruses more than they regulate guns! Get simple so people understand.
You can get a 30 day supply for $9. Why shouldn't I pay for it? It's my responsibility. Not my employer or government
No, They are old enough to be having sex they can pay for it..
