Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S.
You are an eternal optimist. I don't think Trump will.
Always wait for physical proof. Also make sure the Democrats haven't already done it and Trump will take credit.
Why do you think Trump only worked 17 days during his 100 days. The GOP are keeping him on vacation... so they can run THEIR Presidency.
He is bringing jobs back what more do you people want? Where was all this demand when Obama was president? Nothing was said no one did any
Please include Tech jobs in this!  No reason to send jobs to India or give them visas to come here to work
Before you tell the @POTUS what he should do,  why don't you start working with @POTUS and stop your party line crying.
1) you expect folks to support banning immigrants, denying health cover to millions and deporting innocent women and children before they
Exercise their right to free speech against him and his policies? Weird.
Mr Trump said he'd save those jobs. He didn't. They went to Mexico. And now he blames Obama? Whenever things go wrong, that's what he does.
Obama blamed bush for everything in his first term. Do your point is moot dude, get a real life, your head is up your butt
I do not remember him doing that. Please refresh my memory with specific clips.
Ethel, please look up on YouTube, it is not hard to find
Amen Senator.  The tech industry was effected by this issue along with reports that age discrimination had a role to play.
Did you see the new French President inviting our engineers to come to France to work on climate change?
thinking of yourself think of your children and grand children what they will have to face in the future
is best for our country and keeping it safe is a number one concern while many are against the wall against the ban of refugees instead of
His words are unethical!
bill is just a cover up to continue globalization - we need a stronger bill that really cleans the slate
Blah blah blah
Oh yeah...Obama's fault...ALWAYS his fault
.@1choice huh chuck all of a sudden chuck. Who are you #nodems18 none liars all Hillary has control over party 
Give Chucky the Fake indignation award 
Where You Been Schumer?Trump Supposedly God? Do Your Job!
What You Done In Your State Chuck?
Schumer you should Practice what you Preach!
thing, the healthcare passed with votes of democrats that didn't know what was in the plan Give him a break at least he is trying to do what
Hey Chuck why don't you talk about how increased security on the border is working???
When will the Act's entire text be placed on LOC. it seems to be missing
I think as the minority leader, this week you should be concentrating on the healthcare bill before you. Get to work!!!
President Trump has fulfilled more promises in just 100 days than Obama did in 8 years. All of Pres Trumps were for the good of the USA!
Chuck you may need lessons from the Donald about handling business matters?????
This was a state thing.  Doesn't this fall on Pence's head?
Chuckie the entire time under Obama you voted yes on every bill that killed American jobs
No
I've got a better idea, Sen Schumer; why don't you move to France!
Why should @realDonaldTrump listen to anything u say chuckie? You haven't helped the American workers in the 30 years u were in office
Perhaps we'd be more likely to believe him if he first moved all his production back to America. JS
It's going to take longer for more Americans to get private sector jobs because of obstructionist like you. You are a hypocrite Chuck
Post the bill please, wow a positive statement for a chamge..
It seems to me that congress is paid to craft & vote on Bills & then present them to the prez to be signed. LOTS of Bills collecting dust!
Liar
but he wont because he was installed by the @fbi and they hate America's workers.
Huh?
Let's end his time in the White House and GOP in house and Senate.
Has any industry that manufactures Trump family products moved to the U S?
He is
You should support the president
Shouldn't he first stop outsourcing all of his and kids products before demanding others too?
FACTS Please another tweet with just words and no facts to back it up
That would make sense Chuck, but you know as well as I that he is a democrat and they are the enemy of this administration & doesnt need us
Chucky back in town the idiot talking like a mad man
You  haven’t figured this out yet. Trump doesn’t make good on his promises!
Manufacturing jobs without living wage & proper health, safety & environmental regulations aren't good for anyone
Hey Chuck, it's Sunday ...enjoy your BBQ and give your BS a rest for a day, ok pal!
The electoral college let's minority rule happen and look where we are, you need to start the process of repealing it
That is the deal Schumer & Donnelly works on with Obama. Now they want Trump to bail them out as Donnelly will be on losing end
But if he ends outsourcing, who will manufacture his goods?
It's a plan from a Democrat, so @realDonaldTrump will not listen even if supports his promises. 45 is not the US Pres, he is #MAGA Pres only
Only now you mask yourself as a senator who cares about America or Americans. You have betrayed America and all Americans TERM LIMITS 
Wow so it y'alls idea now! Believe Trump was saying this a year ago! End out sourcing and ban Muslim coming here and killing us!
#NotMyPresident
Yes!!!!!! Thank God!!!! I'm so glad @SenSchumer is #not my President!!!
Including end 40% outsourcing of manufacturing of Dental devises, putting millions of US patients at risk, mainly China.
& no more green cards to get cheap foreign labor at his properties, huh?
I'm sure there's plenty of that from Schmucky and Bernie. Schmucky takes millions from Wall St and Bernie needs someone to clean his 3 homes
And Mike pence was governor of Indiana
What about the ties suites and jewelry who will manufacture the presidents products then? All the illegals will be deported ? Problem
Create a bill: all incoming: #POTUS, VP, Cabinet, agency heads provide: 
> 5 yr of pers & corp Taxes
> All investigations NSA CIA FBI Police
He could start with his and ivanka's clothing lines.
Maybe Schumer could donate the millions he takes from Wall Street
The guys that Trump took to the WH get jacked by Schumer? Do they donate it to him or does he just run up and steal their wallets?
You Sa it right just the Simon as the 1960's??? Sacfracie???
@realDonaldTrump Any American company move to another country for cheap labor,ban that product being sold in the US
You should support the @POTUS
Shut up Chuck!
He doesn't make good on any promises.
Youy arw right @SenSchumer never makes good on his promises.. Piece of cry baby shit he is. Takes care of others rather than his own ppl...
