Not for nothing but "A Better Deal!" is not a crowd chant. We need a better slogan or catch phrase to sell this.
You mean like "Make America Great Again" was?

Cool. Noted. Thanks for your honesty. :)
I  you Christine. Kaboom! :)
As Barbara Bush would say, "Reading is fundamental."
Exactly. Pls. direct me to the #MAGA plan for middle-class me. Seems that plan is just tax cuts for the rich/sanctions relief for Russians.
No they don't never have..y'all are like cancer to thriving cities...just look at Chicago and Detroit
Stop referencing Detroit to Chicago. Our Police actully are allowed to do their jobs.
Well considering Chicago has 0 gun shops and the strictest gun laws..apparently its not working. Arm the people and that shit will stop..
Detroit crime is actully down 13% over all US crime. Sometimes the ppl get tired of it!
No source though..ok
Do you live in Detroit? I do. 

Nice try at looking Dumb its basic information on our local news! 
Crickets
Sorry don't babysit or have alerts on for Twitter...
And trump's tax cuts mean CEOs! CEOs! CEOs!, not jobs! jobs! jobs!. Please show us that you will defend the Middle Class!
Where was your plan for the last 8 years. What a joke.. You have a plan
Fact check: Last time Dems controlled Congress & White House (2009-2010) they passed agenda that helped launch 8-year economic comeback.
Yes created alot of minimum wage jobs. Obama care made people have to work 2 job.need quality jobs. Not that Dems know anything about that
Incorrect. Middle-class income has gone up since Obamacare became law, after tanking under GOP trickle-down policies in prior decade.
Lol is that why the unemployment numbers where so low gdp in the toilet. Trump is doing what Dems could not do. MAGA
Low unemployment is a good thing.

As for GDP, so far - as with jobs - Trump's #s in same range as Obama's:
In light of Trump's apparent belief that quarterly GDP growth has suddenly reached extraordinary heights, I made a chart to give him a hand. 
Took President Trump 6 months to pass 8 years of Obama.
Doubtful, but feel free to outline that plan any time.
@SenateDems @NancyPelosi, and where pray tell was this plan for the last eight years! @BarackObama FAIL!
You Democrats have been saying that for years & you've
NEVER
been able to do it.
#Liar 
#IgnorantPolitician
#AmericaFirst #MAGA
You have no plan. Never have, never will.
Schumer why didn't  you Democrats do anything in the last eight years you BS
Then start working with our greastest Commander-In-Chief ever Donald J. Trump.
You have a halfasz slogan ....# ABetterDeal <<< now I know what you been working on for 30 years of service !
Never have b4....why now
Sure then lower everyone's taxes that means anyone who pays taxes even the rich and I'm not but fair is fair they pay plenty
What's the plan let in more illegal immigrants to take jobs? Then send the money back to their country?
Why hasen't it been done already? You had 8 years with Obama to provide these things. Your vengeance is preventing any changes. DO YOUR JOB
How bloody Christian of you. Pathetic double standards you have
Let's hear the formula that "creates" jobs.  Pres Trump has actually pulled corporations back into the States, by the nap of their necks.
What? After 8 years. Why did you keep The Plan a secret?
are these the plans you have been working on forever? hmm, seems like you have had plenty of time to get them done.
I have a plan too; Get rid of the democratic leadership. You circus monkeys are irrelevant  to any kind of progress
Well why haven't they come up with it before now?
Show me your plan and stop the constant attacking of the administration.
LIER!!!!
Wow Chuck you have a plan... a real plan.  Really a new better plan... and that's different than the past 8 years .. when do you really care
Yeah....right....with more taxes and government rules? The democarats are the cause not the solution!
democratic's have had a better plan for 200 years but never works lol
Demoncrats  had 8 years under Obama to do what Prez Trump has done in less than 1 year. Chucky, your nose is growing again! Work w/POTUS!!!
You can start by trying to work with republicans on the new tax plan instead of just throwing stones at it.  #getstuffdone
So you support repealing DACA?  Sweet
Why didn't you do it for the last eight years ?
Please crawl back to your hole
You had 8 years and failed miserably
Under Dems and Barack, 47% of Americans cannot weather a 400$  emergency, without borrowing and 22% below poverty level.  No Thanks!
Dem plan in effect 4 last 8 yrs; lost homes, retirement accts & HC.  Mass immigtn.  Massive debt (20T), grows 2.4B daily.  22% poverty.
And, so what exactly in detail is the plan?? So far haven't heard a thing except anger and hate speeches from the Democrats! So?????
Then what is it Chuck please let everyone know
No you don't , otherwise you had put it into action . Lies.
I will say...he's funnier than Amy
They had 8 Years and did nothing but raise taxes on the middle class...same old same old
Really when? Talking heads .
They sure do and you Dems have proved it's not you.
Yeah, by replacing us with low wage slave labor AKA #DACA/DREAMers. #ARawDeal4Americans
Yeah like min wage of $15 by 2024. We are not buying it any longer Chuck Baby, the gig is up.
How about pulling together to help #HurricaneHarvey victims get back on their feet rather than spewing old, tired, deceiving lies. JS
Not much support there CHUCKY.... Try Pizza Hut slogan...
Single payer HC? Ask Cali. They found $180B Budget $200B 4 HC. $15 Min wage? Ask Nevada. They just lowered to $10. Going broke @$15 congrats
Sorry Chuck POTUS is already on it too late!!!!!
No you don't...
Yes same one raise taxes and call people names that disagree
#foodfolksandfun
That almost sounds like it was coined by a focus group...but we know its organic right?
If you're looking for a better deal for America get out of the way and let Trump implement his agenda and make America great again
Then why did they not do this when they had control of the house?
Does that include raising taxes? Hope not we want less taxes more simpl taxes
Hey Chucky thought you had that with Obama are you telling us that the last 8 years sucked for jobs and wages news flash we already know
Great. How? Please share a credible plan.
No, no you dont
You had 8 years!  Trump is definitely moving the needle!  About time!
Yeah right..... Just like your help with healthcare
you had 8 years and all we hear is everybody is Racist,,
And why should we think Democrats would deliver anything different from the last 8 years? Go back to screaming "NYET", it's what you know.
Does it involve bring in millions of illegal aliens to drive down wages for blue collar jobs?
Or let millions of educated asians in the country to drive down wages in the tech industry. I know silicon valley would love that.
Lets just side with big business to screw over the people already here. What a better deal.
Lie
Chucky boy the only plans you ever had were plans for CORRUPTION you and the rest of the sewer need to be flushed away FAR AWAY
You haven't had a plan for 16 years so now you hv one? I don't think so.
Stop lying chuck. Why didn't you do this plan when you controlled all three houses.
A better deal only for dem elitist politicians. You're scum and no one believes your crap anymore. #MAGA
Then vote to lower taxes
Suuuure....you do! Sounds like what President Trump has been  campaigning on. SMH
It's funny how the anti-Trump rhetoric has died down when the news of Clinton/Comey/Lynch/Obama/et al broke? Going to be crow to eat.
More jobs? Higher pay? Savings? Democrats have failed failed failed my working family for 14 years
Your plan is always to protect illegals at the expense of the American.
We all know that, thats why the Republicans are ruling.
Bahahaha and Bahahaha  
Or maybe you revel in it, in some form of perversity.
Don't you see that nobody believes your lies? Go away already. You really are a glutton for punishment.
So wtf were you guys doing for the past 8 years that you couldn't implement this "plan"?

You had 8 years to do that, sit down
A better deal will be when you leave
Dems steal from the public for their own benefit --- the Dems are so freaking jealous of a REAL President.....WE LOVE TRUMP...
Our President is already delivering a better deal!  Nat's debt down more jobs economic growth & security.  Gonna b hard to beat that.
I hope your plan includes working with President Trump and getting his policies in play.  Enough of the obstructionism.
Fix immigration, fix the taxes, do your job!  2018 should mean a firing for all of Congress on both sides of the aisle. You all do nothing.
The Democrats plan is more taxes and less money for us. Same old Democrats
We deserve "A Better Political Class"
New report shows Americans pay more in taxes than food.  Stop taking OUR money to fund all your pet projects and fill your pockets.

More lies Chuck, career politicians got to go!!
I've have been hearing that from democrats for 50 years.
Is that why you are obstructing tax reform?
If you had a plan wouldn't you just tweet that plan instead of the purely political statement? You ain't got shiiiiiiiiiiiit
Sounds like you are trying to reclaim a long, lost plan that has been taken up by Republicans! Too little, too late!
Why not robustly promote it & other Dem initiatives? I am a lifelong progressive activist & keep waiting for the Dem's perspectives on media
WHUT YA GONNA DO?? DECLARE ANOTHER WAR III ?  CHUCK-SMUCK
You got nothing ..... Maybe a bag of lies! We r tired of your fake self. Go away. Hope u get voted out! Oh and #MAGA TO U!! 
Yea, where was your plan while Obama was screwing things up for 8 years?

Talk is cheap drama queen 
You do not have the deal that we would trust
U guys keep saying higher wages but giv raise 1% raise t price on EVERYTHING! Necessities&NOT. Learned this when  bars were .05,  .10nSum
Where is the plan to help get 1800 New Yorkers back to work we need #ABetterDeal from Spectrum Cable. Show something RT come out to meet us
chuckie, there are plenty of jobs. stop the hate and fake statements
Really? Because they just blew the kast eight years.
Yeah, RIGHT! (NOT)
Yea c schumer, like my dad used to say tell it to the marines. No one helped me to go to college I also dreamed so no thank you.
You've had a plan since Bill outsourced the good jobs but it's been a 15 year one that never materializes, We had y'all gave, Trumps in
High taxes expense, >73k pages; burdensome regulations; $20T in debt;$200T unfunded liabilities; ACA, as starters. All on your watch!!
How bout you and @NancyPelosi and @TomPerez get out of the way so we can get a real new deal from real progressive leaders.
Sure you do at the government expense.
Are you sure?  Why have you waited this long to announce??
Only 8 months after controlling the White House for 8 years and both houses for two.  Douches.
Unfortunately, "NO" they don't!
Where was this"plan"over last 8.5 years? Why'd you hold it back if you know so much? Why do you prefer illegal aliens to real constituents?
I find it funny you Democrats all of the sudden have all the answers sad
What is it?????? The country is waiting.
Maybe the Republicans can stop your plans like you're stopping Trumps?  You folks only talk till you r elected then it's back to lies
BS.
How do you do that? Oh I know, put cole miners out of work
Sure, it's Trumps plan, plagiarize much?
Lmao, what plan do you guys have? Ffs you have had 8 years to do something and all you did was zero
Do dah do dah
Hahahahaha! You're killing me Chuck! Hahahahahahaha
Which is exactly what would be happening in this country right now if you and @TheDemocrats would stop obstructing @POTUS.
How is this different from drump's plan less taxes = lower expenses, more jobs = more jobs, higher pay = wage growth #sameplan
With who's cash
You had 8 years for that. Didn't work. Bye 
Stop taking me into the whole loser
Crooked Schumer -- American Fraud

Well then, why didn't they?
You guys had 8 years where was the better deal !
Chucky, you had 8 years to show USA the deal the Ds offer. It failed, we voted you out. Resign so we can #MAGA #TrumpTrain rolls on.
Lyin' Cryin' Chuck is back on the Joke of a Deal. Why don't you get off your ass & actually do something in the Senate?
With all your wealth, why are you not donating to the Hurricane Harvey victims?? Or are you playing "what's mine, is mine" card.
Your only problem is; @POTUS is already doing all that! He actually IS #ABetterDeal to #MAGA!
Actually, your plan is as great as the republicans plan to repeal and replace. #noplan #nomessage #limpDNC
Yeah, right, lol best economy in 20 years, jobs same way. We want you in the trash bin of history with whigs. And we have just begun.
LOL we have DACA and Dems dreaming together. What a bucket of crap. It is time we start enforcing our laws and deport all illegals. @POTUS
Wow Chuck, the trolls love your posts. It's a huge block party every time you post anything.
 You know what we need, don't post it do it!
Listen close....we don't want your damned plan
Where was that "plan" when u had the power and the WH!?
You said that almost 9 years ago, but have not done anything good for citizens.  Now what you did for yourself and establishment is a story
Where was this great plan 8 years ago. Dufus
And it's not just a slogan. Democrats have a proven record of delivering more jobs & rising wages in the wake of GOP trickle-down disasters.

What god you do the last 8 years? Nothing!
FAKE NEWS!!!
No you don't!!  But, why stop lying now
What have the democrats done for the past 8 years?
You now have the same talking points as President Trump
Shades of Franklin Delano Roosevelt. #Retread
Where was it for the past 8 years. Locked up in your office?
You have nothing, you had nothing during the whole election and still nothing but obstruction.
U read Fast Food wkrs given raise having it taken away bec owners say not afford to pay more.  Politicians agreed owners. Forgot state name.
The best plan would be for you people to stop obstructing President Trump. Join forces with him and help make America great again!
I will take anything except what the Republicans are selling, tax cuts to the rich off my wallet.
I hope your plan is to start voting yes.
Let me guess.  Higher taxes & bigger government.  No thanks.  Been there ... done that.
Your joking! Democrats had 8 years! (LOL) same old rhetoric/ sorry don't believe a word democrats say/ obstructionist, corrupt, hypocrites
You had 8 years and gave us nothing
Heard this from you people for 20 years now, GO AWAY!!!!
No--American people need gov out of the way so they're free again to make choices. You are not the people's keeper & you do not own us.
You don't have a better deal. You're just trying to politicize everything with no substance, no real plan retire Chucky
Hahahaha u have no message
Best plan you executed on was losing. Your "plans" didn't and don't work. America is awake.
Where can I read the details ?
Hilarious... You suck.
We're going 2 get our jobs from Pres.Trump.U Dems have had yrs 2 help us.U just stood there & did "0!"U all can go take a flying leap!!!!
Get out front of the @gop tax cuts for the rich plan with a pro-worker alternative 90%marginal rate for investment income over $100,000
Really??  where the hell has it been ?
Did you mean to say lower taxes?
You always say that then cave into whatever the Rs want you to do - give more tax cuts to you and your wealthy donors.
Let's hear the plan. I'm certain that empiric data exists that demonstrates whether or not the plan can actually work.
Dems always have an answer, just the wrong one! @POTUS will lead the way and you will be the one begging to stay!
Your lips are moving chuck but all that comes out is blah blah blah blah blah!!
