#Save32Mil
13 million lost their Doctor and 10 million lost insurance because of Obamacare.no matter what Trump will do better. Fear mongering needs 2
If Trump comes up with something that's better and works, I'll support it. Truth is Trump is all talk and a terrible leader.
Unity is everything! He'll do us proud! He's proven so far 2 b a stellar leader! Wouldn't be where he is if he wasn't. #TrumpStrong 
Unity is important, be he is very divisive and doesn't know how to unite people.
Congress is dragging things down and obstructing everything he wants passed! As for unity, he United enough peeps to get him into the WH!
Because Trumpcare is a disaster, he can't get his own party behind it, even when they have a majority. That says everything you need to know
OCare is the disaster, that's Y it's being replaced. When both parties are obstructing only tells me we have the right leader in the WH
So happy your boy is doing well....do so wish celebrities would stay out of politics though....
Seriously? Do celebs have less rights? #FreedomOfSpeech
No but they don't not have knowledge to back up any political commentaries..and sadly too many who are unwilling to do the work believe them
We ALL have opinions, right or wrong or uninformed they may be, but it's our right. Agree to Disagree.
If he has such serious aspirations....he should go to Congress himself and not bother people who are looking to him for a joke
As I'm trying to say, I respect your opinion, I just don't agree with it. A celebs followers doesn't influence me. I make my own choices.
Good for you but studies and statistics have shown that there are MILLIONS who do not have such strength and do rely on stupid endorsements
what a cutie! Oooo I love babies..
@jimmykimmel  U're a multi-millionaire, of course ur child got the best of  the best in medical care. U cud have written out an effin check
Your anger shd be directed at lawmakers, not the father if a critically ill child who is advocating for healthcare for all.
This made me smile! #FridayFeeling #HealthcareBill
So beautiful! Very happy at the good news. Sending love to your family!
Beautiful boy, @jimmykimmel
Those lashes!!!!
He is adorable!
Ouch; too cute. A little wiseacre in the making. I recommend a martial art, and clown school. 

An awesome smile!!!!
He so handsome!!!
He looks like you, Jimmy! I write reps almost every day - TY for activism, & blessings on your beautiful son.
My baby went straight to NICU upon delivery. Absolutely terrifying. Incredibly thankful for amazing doctors and great insurance.#SavetheACA
Can't look at that face and not smile a little yourself.
What a lovely smile! Best of luck, Billy!
He's so stinkin' cute!!  And that smile!  ACK! I just wanna pinch those cheeks.
Thank you for standing up for what is right for all people in American.
So cute!!
God Bless him.He's beautiful! Glad that he's doing well...
Definitely your son Billy is a cutie patootie
Happy to heat!  It shouldn't have to even be a topic of discussion, that's the sad part.
*hear
Those lashes 
@SenMikeLee @senorrinhatch @RepMiaLove @RepChrisStewart @RepRobBishop TRUMPCARE hurts children.
Come on @jimmykimmel!! Everyone deserves the same care but you've got bank! $$$$
Uh, what does his wealth have to do with it?  The whole point of ACA is to provide coverage to people who can't afford it.
For people who can afford it!! I'm a single female without ins. and it costs me $813.00 per month for the worst plan and a $6800 deductible!
Come on .. there is nothing affordable about it whatsoever. And if you don't sign up, you are penalized! It's a joke!
and what do u get under the GOP plan?
I've been in the medical industry for 33 years .. my benefits used to be stellar prior to Obamacare!
u work in the medical field and u don't have insurance?
Obviously, you have no clue what's going on in our industry. All benefits cut 3 1/2 yrs. ago.
& who really give a F!
I can see you in him. Love that smile!!!

@perlmutations Can you please tell Billy I said: Is that that shoo shoo boo, that that boo boo, that pooty boo. He'll thank you
So adorable
And they had healthcare before ACA and will after! Stop lying you freaking loon! Go pickle your brain some more and have another high ball!
I'll bet that it wasn't Obamacare that is making Billy feel great. God bless him
So cute
Omg, he is adorable!
What a cutie!
Hospitals don’t turn away kids with life threatening issues. They care for them or refer them to facilities w/ indigent care programs.
I will & am so glad your little doll baby is doing well!
He is adorable.
What a beautiful smile! (He needs a Red Sox baseball hat)
glad for all of you
He’s absolutely adorable!!!
Ahhhh,  he's Daddy's double xo
@RedHourBen  great news; great guy; great message.
He is just spectacular. Thanks for sharing your love, your emotion, your life w/ all of us. That's some smile!!!!
Thank you for sharing your story You and Billy have made a difference in the healthcare debate As a pediatrician I thank you and your family
#SaveACA #TrumpcareKills
Wait. Even before Obamacare Billy would have gotten care. We don't need government in our healthcare people.
Congrats. And, he's as cute as a button!  More even. 
ok
Thank you Jimmy! Billy is adorable!
ur a fool....how about u ask CHARLIE GUARD about that?
Stop making absolutely everything on this earth(especially ones as beautiful as child birth) an excuse to cram what you believe should be done politically in this country...if you want to talk politics run for office
Love and prayers for the Kimmel Family....
He's Adorable
@bkindivisible he is beautiful! Thank you for all that you do! Calling reps $ fighting greedy politicians daily.
a handsome lad, looks just like Kimmel
Adorable! God bless you and your family
happy for you beyond measure
What a BEAUTIFUL BABY
I Don't Know His Story
He was born with a heart issue, would have died without health insurance. Jimmy shone a huge, national light on the issue for families
People give to charity, rather than stealing from their fellow man.
Sadly you equate life saving medical treatment for a child to theft, and you probably think you're been a victim of the theft. I pity you.
Ends justify the means for you?
Yeah, Im from a long line of "thieves," GGAuntie Delia was imprisoned 4 Slave Stealing,The riches she gathered earned her an unmarked grave
Jimmy l will be praying for you your son your wife your both combined families God Bless keep health care fight up James from Ontario Canada God Bess Jimmy
Oh my goodness. How beautiful and happy. So glad I saw this pic of Billy today. Congratulations to you and your family, Jimmy! 
what an ugly baby lol
God Bless you and your family.  You are a good man.
stop with this crap.  Every major city in the US has hospitals that are dedicated to helping children with little or no cost to the parents.
Adorable! Thank U 4 taking up this cross & inspiring us. Purpose + Voice.  U've brought love 2 Billy & Byond. Don't stop until!
Jimmy, thank you for your compassion and your humanity. Keep the faith. Prayers of strength for Billy from Brooklyn! Stay strong.
Jimbo is now the expert on Cassidy bill. ANY chance Jimbo read it? Hell, no!  Schumer's baby boy.
So adorable!  Does he look like papa?

Oh ... Billy is an angel on earth. Baby's are so resilient. Your little guys like Jane is a blessing. I LOVE this little guy.
As a person who understands Billy will be proud of his old man for standing for what's right on such a public platform. Love you Mr. Kimmel for saying what we can't :)
God bless
Thank you for being a powerful voice for all Americans Jimmy.
So happy to see this!
And you are so right: a healthy life is not just a priveledge of the rich.
If you're on the verge of death, yes they have to try to help. But if you need a physical, or if your child needs her cavity taken out.. 
When you say "we" you mean the USA?
Ok.. my bad then.
I'm Canadian. :)
What hypocrites. Yet you're ok with butchering millions of babies via #abortion. So killing them is ok? Got it.
Well the babies aren't born yet and there's no support system for them to grow up in.
So killing them is the answer?
gimme some sugar!!
He is just the cutest!!
Such a sweet face! So glad he's doing  better.
What a precious smile.
A father that had enough sense to get insurance to provide for his family and not wait for the gov't to do his job?
Little Billy rocks!
OMG, Look at that smile!!!! Magnificent. 
I don't agree with all of your politics but I agree with your heart. > . <
You can remind then all you want. Unless you give multi millions you won't be heard. Then you don't need it. Irony
/Beautiful Jimmy. A New Hope, my friend -LS #
Amen! Praise God!
To cute!!! Those eyes and that smile. Your very blessed.
Unfortunately, I heard a Rep guest on NPR say yesterday that he believes healthcare is a luxury, not a right. Billy is a very lucky baby @vp
It's not a right.  Never has been, neither is food, a house, or a job.  It's not the role of the Government to provide any of these.
Awww!!! That golden smile, damn cute!!! Happy 3 months Billy!!! 
@DarrellIssa Does this make you even a bit ashamed of that vote for the ACHA, Representative? It certainly should.

Glad Billy is so well.
Such a cutie! Glad he is doing well 
Are you done yet?
What a great pic! Thanx for sharing Jimmy. You're a national treasure so all the best. Hang tough, Billy!
God bless him and your family. Love and prayers for all.
Awe, precious 
@SenJohnMcCain is flying to DC 2morrow to make sure babies not as fortunate as Jimmys don't get the care they may need.
and remind yourself, it shouldn't be up to the government to decide your healthcare. REPEAL OBAMACARE. PRIVATIZE HEALTHCARE
HE'S SO CUTE!
Beautiful boy!
Heartfelt congratulations @jimmykimmel  @SenCoryGardner Colorado is watching how you lead, Senator Gardner. Do the right thing and say NO
He is so adorable and cute
Continued prayers from our family to yours , omg , he is just to adorable for words what a blessing for your family..
Very cute kid. Kinda ruined it by making it political though.
Thanks for sharing your story and follow up. Found out my unborn child has a CHD at 22 wks & your story gives me hope.
Sending love and prayers
What a little gummi-bear.  Beautiful!
And every Dad deserves the same money you make , sooooo
How precious is that!
Billy defines adorable!  That smile!!

So cute glad he is doing well
Lovely little boy! 
Beautiful baby! Thank you for speaking out. Many have stories about being fortunate to have insurance and FMLA to care for ill newborns.
He looks like you, @jimmykimmel 
So cute 
Beetle Juice retweeted?
Yo beet!
 Wishing you and your family all the best!!!
YOUR SON IS BEAUTIFUL AND THANK GOD FOR ACA CONGRESS CONTINUE TO DISREGARD THE AMERICAN PEOPLE TIME TO MARCH ON WASHINGTON AGAIN
Just adorable. Congrats! 
So glad to hear that he's doing well! And, I love this photo! Cutest, sweetest face I've seen all day!!! Thanks for sharing! @Cyriousfun
Have you thought about running for office?  We could use someone like you.
Baby is going to take after Jimmy, not only in looks, but he seems to have a great sense of humor as well.
Thank you
Too freakin cute.. Congrats!
This is Benji, he had surgery at 3 days old and has been in NICU for over 50 days. Trumpcare would bankrupt us.
I am glad your son is doing well. Before you speak badly against the new Health care Bill you should know what's in it Apparently you do not
He looks like you!  Keep rallying for the rights to health care!
Outstanding!
#GOP
I knwon what be father of a cardiopatic child is like. Stay Strong, give thank to the single second! 
Luv his infectious smile. GOD BLESS

So happy Billy is doing well. We have a ToF baby, too. It's a hard road but it gets better after the full repair. No more pulse ox monitors!
Please remember that even before ACA every kid would have gotten the care he got.
Billy + Jimmy + mum, you're doing great sweetie!
Republicans have no soul!!! What they care about is money and power.
Awww, he's adorable. God bless your little miracle baby. May his health continue strong. Many more blessings to him, you and your wife.
Eyelash warrior!!! 
Yay!! Beautiful Boy 
My kids needed expensive plastic surgery & therapy for birth defect.  Difference is our health ins. covered 75% & out of pocket 25%.
He is a very lucky young man to have you as his father. God bless you and your family.
So glad that your son is doing good. I agree everyone deserves health care. I fear that I will become one of the casualties with Trump care.
When did everyone become so ignorant? No one can be denied Healthcare since 1986. Obamacare nor Trump care change this American Standard.
We don't all have the money you do
Thing is neither plan solves everything but ACA at least helps more. Sad truth Republicans aren't looking to fix things but f most votes
Billy is adorbs.
You have an absolutely beautiful baby. <3 Sending our thoughts and love to you and your family.
 That's so PRECIOUS to hear...God bless you and your sweet family Jimmy K....HE'S A GORGEOUS LITTLE SWEETIE LOVIN' LIFE..
Gorgeous baby. 
@richeisen yup free shit for everyone
Yea!!
Awwww  Precious Thank you for sharing.

I don't know...it's a "clusterduck"! (I just couldn't put the other word while looking at a photo of your beautiful baby)
Congratulations to you and your family. Most pure love ever 
He is the most handsome and happy little guy I've ever seen!!!!  God bless you all!!!!
Cuteness overload 

WHAT A CUTIE BUG!!!
What a smile! glad he is doing well!
So happy for him.
Glad to hear that he is doing well. Keeping him in my prayers Beautiful smile . God bless you & your family .
I Love Billy's smile and enthusiasm. Congratulations to your family as you grow together. "Holler" if he needs a surrogate #LasVegas auntie!
Yes but not paid for by everyone else. You need to support your family with the means you have
Love one another 
The Kimmel Amendment - medicare coverage for every American from birth  to 5 yrs.
Such a precious gift from God
Awww so cute. That's great news. 
He's adorable. Maybe he'll meet my cute granddaughter one day
trump promised not to cut Medicaid Medicare coverage for disabled, preexisting and lower prems. He lied, repeal will cancel care for kids
He's adorable.  That smile... 
I'm glad that your son is doing better
A-fuckin-men.  (Amen, but with an expletive in the middle) healthcare for all!  Glad he's doing well.  Love, a fan.
It's all about life and being kind to one another...
He's adorable! Thanks for your support.
Thank you for raising awareness. My son has had Open heart surgery twice now, 14 surgeries in total starting at just 3 months old.
Everyone deserves the care he got. Even Congresspeople.
#BillyKimmelIsUS.
Fabulous smile... all the best Billy
So cute!!!!!
How dare you @jimmykimmel , trying to bring health and happiness to all.
Hello cutie pie!!!
Ack ack @jimmykimmel ;)
Billy looks great!!
Even with Obamacare most people still couldn't afford the same doctors your son had
God bless your family....
I'm so glad he is doing better. He has a wonderful smile. Please cont. to speak out about this issue. Everyone is entitled to health care.
Oh stop it!! Are you seriously trying to use your innocent child to make a political point?!!! That is WRONG!!! 
Adorable
Thank God.
He is adorable
HE.IS.BEAUTIFUL!! Congrats!! . Enjoy every moment!!
precious happy boy. xx
God Bless!!!!
Totally awesome!
What a beautiful smile!!
So happy for you all. Always in for Billy
For you!! I could not be happier! God bless your child and your family
