The judges are partisan and the ruling split by party. @POTUS reshaped SCOTUS and beginning to appoint judges on lower courts.
Chuck Schumer you're an idiot. You must really hate America.
Sen. Schumer does not hate the US, my dear, but you will soon learn how misplaced your loyalties have been with this current WH  Circus.
People who want President Trump to fail are terrible ignorant people. When POTUS succeeds AMERICA succeeds .
Is that how it works? Because I think 1945 Germany missed that memo.
Maria you are simply another victim that has fallen for the fake news. Our government is in trouble because of the Clinton cartel.
The people that own Clinton and Obama on the media and 70% of Congress and Senate. Poor Lackey Dems are in the dark to corruption happening.
By Lackey Dems I mean the constituents. The Democratic politicians and leadership are corrupted nearly entirely.
And yes there are definitely corrupt Republican politicians. McCain is not only corrupt he is an agent for Israel.
Why don't you want our country to be safe. This is not a muslim ban, same countries Obummer had on the list! Pathetic
This tweet has not aged well!
Another victory for the Constitution

There is no indication on that site of what the authors credentials are, or who even edits the paper - the whole thing is an opinion piece
Wow, denial is strong in you. I got you started, now do a little more research for yourself.
Religious freedoms my arss! You meant to say- more state aid on those welfare sucking slugs....
but in Supreme Crt = federal judge that reads the Constitution prioritizing religious view over rights of all citizenry = DANGEROUS choice!
All this BS over a temporary 3 mon ban. Religious freedom doesn't include the right to leech off taxpayers for support, abuse of women/kids.
What say you on Female Genital Mutilation, Child rape, treating women/children as property as a religious freedom?
Another victory for terror aided by the Democrats. I just do not understand why Democrats are unwilling to see the problem we have.
More a victory for dems to have the non citizens vote for them. Or Isis in the country.
Horse dung Schumer. YET AGAIN you forget about America. You are also very inept as your don't know the diff on the ban #NOTMuslimBan
Chuckie it's not a Muslim ban you persist in lying and twisting the truth.
Will you still celebrate when more Americans are killed from terrorist?
How is it a Muslim ban if Christians live in the countries OBAMA chose?
Again, u spread lies in the form of propaganda. It's not a ban, but a travel restriction. No dissent when Obama didIT
@SenSchumer @USATODAY
Not a Muslim Ban.  More hysteria fake news. People who don't support a ban with immigration  from high risk areas are stupid ignorant people
Stop drinking the Kool-Aid my people. The Democrats want to keep you down and in the ghetto. Rise up and achieve.
Crooked weasel Schumer when will you stop receiving cash from Russia and stop suckling on crooked Muslim brotherhood Obama
@SenateDems I actually agree with Trump.  If all Democrats will do is resist, it's time to kill the filibuster once and for all.
Between looking like an idiot shoving a foreign leader, getting his hand crushed by Macron, and losing in court again, Trump's day is great!
You dont get it. They want Hispanics because they know you don't understand the constitution. They don't really like you. They use you.
You mean the way Trump and his followers don't understand it? Federalism, separation of powers, religious freedom, equal protection, etc.
What do you mean succeed?  I dont get it. There actually are hispanic Americans who get this & love this country without wanting to destroy
*shrugs* And there are whites who haven't been brainwashed by Trump into turning their backs on this country and its constitution.
Until Obama driving  wedges did I ever think you would refer to us as whites. Try American. This is my point. Used and brainwashed. So sad
Seriously? This from the person who wasted no time claiming "hispanics" don't understand the Constitution?
It's not meant to insult you, because a lot that I know personally think so as well. Obama didn't have the corner on Hispanics. Some R wise
Don't hear Chuck commenting on the terrorist being honored in the Puerto Rican day parade. Can't snark President Trump. PHONY Schumer
A slap in the face to American's grow up Senator Schumer.
LIAR it's a travel ban!
If Trump sent classified info on private email,destroyed Blackberries w/a hammer, & used Bleachbit to delete emails,would it be obstruction?

How daft are you DemocRats especially after recent terror attack in London from family from Libya? SCOTUS will uphold @POTUS Executive Order
You truly want to harm America. You want Isis here. Do you have a special ticket to underground living? Makes no sense. You know better.

Muslim Who Blamed Denial Of Visa On Trump's Travel Ban, Who Schumer Got Back Into U.S., BUSTED For Felony Sex Abuse  http://usherald.com/muslim-blamed-denial-visa-trumps-travel-ban-schumer-got-back-u-s-busted-felony-sex-abuse-minor/ …
please report on this
yes it is an evident of judicial decency.
SC will wipe that smile of your face...
Another liberal judge in a liberal state soon to be de benched. Traitors.
Admireable of you to be concerned over Trump's #MusliimBan------hope it works out ok---
Muslim Who Blamed Denial Of Visa On Trump's Travel Ban, Who Schumer Got Back Into U.S., BUSTED For Felony Sex Abuse  http://usherald.com/muslim-blamed-denial-visa-trumps-travel-ban-schumer-got-back-u-s-busted-felony-sex-abuse-minor/ …
Are you willing to jeopardize American lives because you can't let TRUMP win?
Very childish democrats.
You will have a change of heart if something happened close to home.
You Fools. It's not about Muslims. It's about TERRORISTS.
You did hear about Manchester? Ban will be upheld by Supreme Court justices who actually follow the law unlike flunky Dem judges.
Supreme Court is only resource truth has when Obama has so many appointees in District Judge positions. Will address this demwit corruption!
Another victory for Radical Islamic Terrorism!
we want Trumps ban stop blocking everything america voted for!!!!!

Federal Marshalls need to arrest these judges for not following the Constitution.
Supreme court will correct this.
You would cheer for that?  When one religion wants to kill people of another religion?
No, not a victory but a sad loss for common sense approach to protecting American Citizens
Are you all that ignorant it's not a Muslim ban. It's trying to control imagratiion from countries that are of High Risk For not vetting.
Chuck, we need a travel ban. It will get done. 
Then we need to close the 9th Circuit Ct, for good, because it is liberal and worthless.
U hail .court who refuses 2 keep Americans safe. HYPOCRITE, U look at Manchester England saying can't happen here! If it does u r 2 blame
it doesn't bother you that isis have access to passports? I'm a little worried to be honest. So should you!
TO THE FAR-LEFT:
https://twitter.com/Allthatjewelry/status/868465044375429120 …
TO THE FAR-LEFT
https://twitter.com/Allthatjewelry/status/868477885513912320 …
To the Far-left
Corruption in our Gov.

https://twitter.com/Allthatjewelry/status/868243209650155520 …
Not a Muslim ban, dems will keep losing.
It needs to be called the terror ban.no refugees from terrorist hot spots.They want to kill us all when ur child is killed ur views change.
ON TO THE USSC! #MAGA
Did you cry real tears for Manchester? Oh wait that would be phony wouldn't it?
Dems lose elections because they refuse to protect America. Use non-existent civil rights for terrorists to shame us. We are sick of You!
It's not about religious freedom. It's about protecting Americans. The new rally cry... " "Remember Manchester!"
Thanks for looking out for our safety Chuck.
SHUMERS OF AMERICA ARE ANTI AMERICA! # KEEP AMERICA SAFE!
Why do you support TERRORIST to come to our country? You know that's what the BAN is all about. Oh but we can't let Trump succeed.
God will allow u ALL to reign for a time and I do believe he has chosen right is Right and Wrong is Wrong. What have u all been displaying
Didn't u all learn anything Nov 8th 2017?
Aren't you all proud of ur selves ur time is coming ole man. "GOD"
Schumer is #FalseNews-No Proof Leakers LockThemUp 
Schumer Rich White Privileged
you are such a liar Schumer, it's a ban on immigrants, the Liberal left is once again dilluisional, the entire party needs  psychiatric help
When the same bombings happen in NY as did Manchester, where will you be Mr. Stupid Senator?
Another door left open and unguarded to terrorism.  Throughout our history as a country we have banned immigration.  What's different now?
U STUPID DEMOCRATS USE UR HEAD. HE IS TRYING TO PROTECT OUR BORDERS. SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING AROUND THE WORLD. SAN BERN. NGT CLUB IN FL.
what victory for the terrorists Chuck guess you don't see between the lines. Piss up a rope Chuck
You mean another victory for the radicalized extremist of the world- thank you @SenSchumer and federal appeals court
Only a victory for people who don't want our country safe from terrorist
You mean another victory for those who want America destroyed.
Chuckles you sir will see when one of these loons attack us.
will you say that when these losers attack us again? Oh and you had no problem with Obama doing the same thing. 2 face
Just stop! Not protecting our security is a victory?? Bullshit!!
Religious freedom? You mean Muslim freedom to do as they please?
Its a victory for Radical Islamist, so yippy! You freaking piece of unAmerican, low-life, idiotic turd.
One more slap in the face to every American and America. Fire the Judges that disrespect our greatest Comander-In-Chief Donald Trump
You are an idiot. X Democrat
Go ahead, eat a big handful, I dare you.
It's not bout religion, it's freedom from wanton murder by a religious faction. History proves a TEMPORARY Muslim ban is needed NOW! U fool!

Keep up the fight Chuck!
Another victory for terrorists and their thumbsucking supporters, dummass.
A defeat for our safety.
Yippee 
YOU SAID I COULD KEEP MR DOCTOR - LIES YOU SAID THE DEDUCTIBLE WOULD NOT GO UP - LIES... now you want me to believe YOU... OH HELL NO!!!!!!!
It' not a Muslim ban! It's putting American safety 1st. You should try that sometime.  You took an oath to defend & protect. What Happened?
These people care nothing for the people of this nation. These judges are corrupt and are just the eyes and ears of the devil of this world.
You mean I can include in the pledge of allegiance "Under God"? Hypocritical schmuck!!!
How can you say thaT ABSOLUTELY nothing to do with R freedom just you being great at wrecking our Country When do you put on the BROWN SHIRT
Unless your Christian.....
Again U do not what your talking about, we the people want every one checked out before they enter this country, U suck
Yay lets see what terrorist attack theyll come up with next. Anyone wanna guess?
And don't worry it will go to Supreme Court and get overturned
Schumer, Pelosi, and Maxine waters are the 3 most disgusting people walking the planet.
Yea victory in the courts but NO VICTORY at the polls eh chucky boy!! Republican win another election your party is out of touch

[VIDEO]Malcolm X: Black Democrats are 'chumps' - http://YouTubewww.youtube.com/watch?v=XkgA2rUAY-oBy … BlackAndRight · 3 min · 54K viewsJul 14, 2013 · Malcolm X: Black
And another loss for the American people when it comes to our security.
another loss of common sense
Religious freedom? Tell Manchester. Idiot. Courts politicized. Hopefully SCOTUS will fix. You were ok with obama doing it. Slimy hypocrite
The Dems have so many leakers in their party Schumer and Pelosi are now handing out depends to their members!
The Supreme Court will agree with Presidents Trumps executive orders and you Dems will lose again just watch!
SCOTUS will fix it
.How are you so clueless?  If makes us all less safe.
Lol supreme will back our president!
Liberal judges will continue your left wing agenda so that we will not be safe. You make believe you care about people from other countries.
The truth is that you are just being an obstructionist, & you are paid to sit on the sidelines to complain. We are the ones that lose.
-(2/2) are illegal immigrants, your friends, and the group that you and the Democrats prefer over American citizens. Despicable! Deplorable!
Another win on our attempt to overthrow the president of the USA.

Not true. Ban is against failed and failing states. Letting these unvetted folks in is hurting our national security
Obama 10 trillion in debt , surveillance. Chuck Schumer stopping government. Hillary Clinton head of resistance. Call should be arrested
Obama 10 trillion in debt legal surveillance. Chuck Schumer stopping government. Hillary Clinton head of resistance. Call should be arrested
Obama 10 trillion in debt legal surveillance. Chuck Schumer stopping government. Hillary Clinton head of resistance. Call should be arrested
Trump was applauded by Muslims on his trip. They also want to stop Islamic terror. Poland has closed borders, no terror attacks. Wake up
Is that how you see it? The Manchester  bomber had just returned from Libya and his father was arrested in Syria. You're an idiot
Not a Muslim ban, why don't you support protecting Americans from terrorist, vote DEms out!
Purely political . Hopefully Trump can appoint constitutional competence in the future
Wrong
No another loss for American safety and freedom you just won't quite until we have another 9/11 will you 
Do not think for one minute you know what's best for us and ignore us we are tired of ugly political agendas taking priority over our needs!
Another victory for terrorism! You're a schmuck Schumer!
Chuckles the clown 
A wall/inforcement of immigration laws would have aided us with less deportation family issues/ disruptive displacements. Your work neglect!
If/when an attack happens here, the blood will be on your hands. We all know Europe's policies have worked out so, so well.
The wall is about illegal drugs killing our children and violent gangs/criminals/child molesters/terrorist/complying with immigration laws.
how is it a victory for religious freedom? you and Merkel have the same talking points.
Democrats need to listen to us work for us! Stop putting political agenda before our country and people you represent.Stop drugs from Mexico
Any attack will be blamed on you and your pathetic Party.
I'm tired of you and many in congress dysfunctional destructive behaviors which threaten the security of my country because you hate Trump 1
Attacks as result of your political agenda which twists the real truth/reason for the delay. President Trump wants due diligence!
Wtf chuck do u not read the news hello people like u are protected and ur not living in the real world one day ur day will come
Btw, the constitution says Trump can ban terror countries. Supreme court will prevail. Your lobbying won't help.
Chuckles, I will help your competition campaign against you for the 2018 election. You're OUT!
Only winner here are the terrorists.  Even the "Muslim-majority countries" agree this is not targeting religion.
Your job is to serve & protect our citizens first & foremost. I hold you and the others responsible for the results of any terrorist attack
ISIS took over government offices that provided passport/Visa services with official documents.ISIS changed info records & falsified them 6
Migrants have ruined Swedish country & culture they cannot live with expectation of any safety! The Travel ban intention was never permanent
Do what your saying I'd that you want terrorists in our country.  If you say that's fear mongoring look at you heathcare comments.
You don't know what religious freedom is!!! It's not a Muslim ban. It's a terrorist ban which you apparently approve of.
Again justice prevails. The courts and the media are the means of saving this country from the Trump corrupt agenda!
Sweden for example,rapes,thefts,burning cars, attaching & intimidating citizens, financially taxing resources take money don't work. 4
That has never worked! Oil & Water We love our country opportunities they don't they don't assimilate they cluster together and resent us. 3
These people don't like our culture our values or respect us. The US has tried for years to shove our way of life on other cultures! 2
What is wrong with you the ban has nothing to do with religious freedom & U know it. It is about ISIS infiltrating migrants. 1
Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi are not for the American people they are distractors
Nothing will get done with the new Administration because the left won't allow it all you democrats should be very upset they're playing you
It wasn't a Muslim band
