Democrats are driven by hate. Ur hatred is so strong, even if Trump nominated the Pope, u would oppose it. Completely driven by hate
Rob, you should check out your own "hate" levels. This post had nothing political, yet you turn it to your hate of another political party.
Everything the Democrats do is political. Show sympathy for people killed by terrorists while wanting open borders in our country.
Everything all political parties do is political, not just Dems. And no political party is for "open borders". Immigration reform yes.
Not true. Many on the Left advocate for open borders. Many on the Right care more about the safety of US citizens.
Who?
...and vet immigrants more carefully?
Immigrants are vetted for months & years.
Travel ban. We need it now more than ever.
Protect yourself from racist Brits?
No, to protect our beautiful country from third world terrorist and moochers who want the death of America to come quick.
YES stop racist whites from coming in finally  some since
No, statically whites are ok. It's people from third world countries that are not okay.
A. It is Statistically. B.  The majority of mass murderers in America and around the world are white males. Get it right.
No, they are Muslim terrorists.
either acknowledge both Islamic terrorism and white anti-islamic terrorism or acknowledge you're a hypocrite
It's okay we appreciate the kind sentiment
You're a terrible person, call it quits?
*council
Very nicely stated - @realDonaldTrump waiting for your response
It's not gonna get a potus-notus. Not his kinda victim 
so by that logic all republicans are responsible for the mosque attack deplorable.

Vicki, go suck a hockey puck .
You and your party started the hate factor when crooked Hillary lost the election.  She should be investigated.  Are you scared of it?
People in England are going to start killing Muslims until Muslims figure out killing non-Muslims is not acceptable. Get with it Pal.
TOO BAD U DON'T CARE ABOUT AMERICANS
Here in the USA you promote hatred to our President and for people to resist. Then when chaos happens you say we are praying
"I was on her like a bitch she was married" Donald Trump, That's why.
Big man
he's proven to be morally pathetic
Your character is so perfect, your my hero 
Did you go to a mosque to pray ? You know JESUS doesn't hear those who are ok with KILLING BABIES in the womb! U might want to repent!change
Has that been confirmed? Last report I saw stated that a vehicle rammed a mobile police unit. Nothing on driver.
Damn. Thanks for update.
YA KNOW WHUT TO SAY >>CHUCKUP
YOU SHOULD TALK ABOUT HATE & TERROR THE WAY YOU TALK ABOUT YOUR PRESIDENT!! You're a hypocrite & a joke. RESIGN ALREADY!!!!
It's an unfortunate situation but it was expected.. Attacks against Muslims will continue until they renounce terrorism.
Then tell the demac rats to stop the hate they have been sending out. Also respect our greatest President Donald J Trump.
It is ISIS yet again.
IT SEEMS ALL YOU DO IS PRAY FOR THE VICTIMS! TRY A CHANGE IN STRATEGY! LIKE GETTING OUT OF THE WAY OUR PRESIDENT!!
The President who remains silent anytime the victims are not white christians - that President
Are you Crying again Chuck?? I pray for everybody's safety all around the globe. But you Chuck need to learn when and where not to cry. 
Chuck what has been more hateful & terroristic than the buy-bull sir?
So why ask for cult psychosis prayer shithead?
http://youtu.be/5hdX1MUOgQw 
@SenSchumer 
What do 
Madalyn Murray OHair 
James Garfield 
& Abe Lincoln have in common?
https://youtu.be/yflQd2jyp7Y 
https://twitter.com/vvvoltairee/status/800336625632841728 …
If you mean it start CONDEMNING VIOLENCE & hate speech within your own party. When you don't condemn it, you are promoting it! Stop the hate
Seems most prevalent in Liberals and Muslims though huh?
GOP HEALTH BILL REMAINS MYSTERY ?PENCE sold AMERICANS OUT WITH CLOSED DOORS. McCONNELL.. CRAFTS BILL FOR WEALTHY
These actions on HEALTH BILL also terrible attack on AMERICANS. HIDING,RUSHING VOTE. GOP RUNS FROM AMERICANS ON TRUMPCARE WE PAY
start with your own party biggest threat to USA is the Democratic Party getting tired of Dems bullying it's going to stop
Yet you continue to spew hatred Schumer!!!  Let's put YOU on the streets of one of those middle east countries and see how well you make it.
But Democrats want as many unvetted immigrants as they can get.
Schumer could care less about making anything in America great again. This is a politician posturing for votes. Period!
I sincerely doubt you even know what prayer is.
Then stop your obstruction! Stop your resistance recruiting! You're responsible for encouraging riots! Just stop the bs & get out of the way
Hate and terror.. funded by Soros/democrats/Clinton inc. not sure why your in Washington. You can't even be honest with people.
Caution your followers to guard against a backlash against white people.
Since when does the left turn to prayer. 
Who started all this hate Muslin crap anyway-TRUMP
Focus on home issues. We're in the middle of a civil war & you're too isolated to see it, and YOU'RE OUR LEADERSHIP! Wake up! Single payer.
All of our Thanks to those who were able to restrain the person responsible.
Thoughts and prayers to all that were injured and the person who lost their life in this tragedy.
Hey Chucky schmucky schumer... Are u prying for Otto Warmbier & his family? Or r u sitting on ur duff up on capital hill?
#RIPOttoWarmbier
Before you start whining, take a look at what we do in the US. 3 strikes is worse than North Korea.
Loss of ANY Innocence Life is Tragic but dont kid ur self, US is the Bedrock of the civilized world - its USA 1st, then help the world
you are the one who spews hate the most, look who is talking.
except when it comes from the dems,against other Americans.Then totally acceptable
It is about time karma came back to bite the moslems
You DEMS hold the sole responsibility for Rep Salaise being where he is today. You people are so partisan & filled with hate for America
If anybody should remember that chuckie is YOU and ALL THE DEMS. Last 10 mos you people have throen out the most vile and hate towards Trump
You are the KING of hate and terror, Chuckles.
Chunky. Wish we could trust what your saying, but?
You're (libs) are driven by hate and terror. That's your style. When we have a terrorist attack here you will own it. Yep you will.
Don't talk about spreading hate when you supported Hillary's run for pres. Her campaign was hateful against Trump. Retire Chuck
How bout the Christians being slaughtered in Middle East while Muslims demand more and more and more from Christians here?!
Let's pass it so we can see what's in it.   Remember that Chuckie.
Like what you say here, but where were your prayers for the non-Muslim victims of terror?
Pray for the the young Muslim daughter in Virginia taken from her family as well! America has domestic & foreign terrorist! Replace the hate

NASA's Kepler space probe finds 10 + planets that could support life! Send @POTUS please! https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA …  & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/MjFNGikKt7L …
Im sorry for what they endured but what about the terror in the US
good place to reach across the aisle and work together
Thank you for acknowledging this. It would be nice if your president did.
Ironically that's what Dem are preaching against the new US administration! Very Sad
Is liberal terrorism just as unacceptable Lyin Chuck? Plenty of examples out there to ring your hands over. Your silence speaks volumes
You have Nothing Chuck !!   We will PASS Our Health Care ! For Our President Trump!!! And we Don't Care what you THINK !
If that is true go to the table with the president and resume civil discourse. An American died from 17mos of torture from NK&your silent?!
Practice what u preach Chuckie, stop bashing our President, Hillary lost move on & work for the people of New York. Ur hatred is frightening
You comment how bad this is but yet we hardly anything when muslims attack christans. It is like you accept it and go on.
U dems show the world your hate on tv interv Sessions & other cab members
Stop hating on Trump while you're at it!
Chuck you are one of the biggest political Ho's ever elected to congress.
Too bad you preach hate violence all the time stop itSchumer! You are a bad person!
What about the hate from the democrats
Is it unacceptable when Liberal use hate and terror against POTUS? or is that just called #resist?
Best thing u have said all year!
Hate
Thank you, Sen Schumer, for speaking out against the terrorist attack at Finsbury Park Mosque.
Wow, thank god your praying jewchmer. That's solving the real issues.
How come our President isn't commenting on this terroristic act, or fact that Iman protected driver til police came? Sad!
Most correct thing I've seen outta his mouth in a looooong time! But yeah. Prayers n peace
The answer we receive when we desperately need help from your office or any government office is sad to say the least. Prayer our only hope!
You think those knees would be sore by now w/ all the praying You've been doing....or is that for another reason #cuckyschumer #termlimits

#Qatar_funds_terror
Qatar exposed out in the open,why is Al Udeid base in the midst of terror funders Watch the film
https://youtu.be/pWPa6ew7Xrg 
Oh Lil Chuckie lies a lot.. u are such a hypocrite
Then why don't you stop fanning the flames of hate Scmuck?! Stop lying to the American people and inciting violence w the unhinged left!
100 with you .. hey about insurance just waiting for directions from @KamalaHarris and @ChrisMurphyCT what can we do out here to stop repeal
CUCK
You stop spreading hate...
@POTUS @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @FoxNews @seanhannity Chuck; set example and leave the democrat party. H&T is your party's playbook!#lofo
You are one of the Haters. So....you going to clean up your act?
Does that go for your party and supporters???
where is now our president to condemn this one as a hate crime and terror
absolutely agree
Your right ML, that includes the House & Senate where your party clearly demonstrates hate, is terror right behind? Did you condemn anything
@maddow How is Jared Kushner still being involved in foreign policy decisions while under investigation for fabricated security clearances?
Did Democrats think only one side's blood would be spilled when you decry for citizens to create blood in the streets?
Yet you welcome it into the states....there is something wrong with you
You contribute to these stop spewing hate
How about setting the tone for your Dem compatriots?
praying for the would-be  victims at #champselysees  too? Idts
I agree your hate for president and his supporters is unacceptable, stop the drama!
@AP It amazing how the President of Russia controls every impulse of the Republican Party. The GOP has turned on its constitution & country
Total nonsense!
It seems the Whitehouse is functioning on total nonsense!
Thank you for your comments- think you could get our President to step up his response to world terror attacks- SAD
Thank you. Appealing to our best selves shows leadership.
Do we know the motivation yet? As of yesterday, religion or race wasn't a known factor
Especially in the congress
Hey chucky time 2 do the right thing, your party is failing & u know it. I am getting u a new shovel so u can dig that ditch faster fun 2 
How @ in US Senate where U r the biggest advocate since McCarthy. I'm sure U're delighted to in such vile company.
shockingly the Tweeter in Chief hasn't mentioned it, too busy tweeting about his ugely fantastic terrific poll #'s 
Sure you are Chucky pray that you will work for our country
For months they have had their Jihad in Europe. All the Ribbons and Prayers hasn't stopped them.God Helps those who help themselves
But it's ok if it's repubs right Senator?
Were's ur fake tears at???
These people have just started, Just keep   your eyes open don't trust anyone people like U can not trusted eyes on U !

Trump agreed to testify under oath. Trump gave no specific to which agency. Every investigating agency can demand his testimony under oath. 
you know AMERICA MUST DIE !!AND ALL DEMOCRATS ARE IN FOR THIS ,THEN THEY NEED NO BAD TRADE DEALS TO KILL US OFF OR BANKRUPTCY LOST SOVEREINT
Sorry Chuck, prayers will do nothing to stop hate or terrorism. Much hate and terrorism is based in religionS -radical religion of any kind.

Nothing about Portland either
Depends on who YOUR praying to.....the devil!
Then do something instead of hating the President at every turn. Damn it. Do something.
Not the Finsbury Park Mosque, but the Islamic Welfare Centre. It is quite close.
Tell Trump aministration that.
Better. How do u look your self in the mirror
This attack is horrific, but your constant attacks on out president r even worse. Says he wants to kill baby's. U insight hate. U r no
Poor London. I stand with you as the daughter of a Londoner who survived the Blitz. You will prevail!
Again, all things Muslim. You do know Obama will never be king?
Just a matter of time. You would love for that to happen here. Just so you could blame POTUS. Democratic party should be ashamed.
Please @SenSchumer Use your voice, urge colleagues, do not allow this to become normal. Do not let people continue to die in vain.
You are a liar .
Thanks for working so hard
Shumer working hard? The tweets are from aides. He is passed out drunk.
What about the attacks on US citizens
So why not be a model for peace and cooperation in your own country where it would help our ppl?  Instead of calling for war and resistance?
"I was on her like a bitch she was married" Donald Trump. That's why
Hate & Terror are unacceptable particularly when it happens in your own backyard...like horrible MS-13 attacks on Long Island.  Crickets!
then let the president keep them out chuckles
Let's stop  selling weapons to  @saudiarabia for  killing civilians in #Yemen we  are  nation  of  human rights no  murders merchant's
thats why Obama and Hillary sold weapons to terrorrists.Shumer being investigated by Turkey now
Keep Americans safe impose the travel ban.
against racist whites
Please help the govt get a grip on our own home grown terrorism. Just becuz ours is white grown men doesn't mean it's hands off
So why isn't WH saying anything?. Guess that demonstrates where @realDonaldTrump places his priorities and feelings for Muslims
Cheers Chuck; this and all other hate won't bust us up. May break our hearts but not our spirit. We've seen off a few evil madmen before.
Wht abt our own Muslim girl who was murdered?This home grown whilst nationalist terrorism needs to b addressed seriously by govt
by an illegal muslim
