Coalition letter to NY Congressional Delegation warns of #AHCA’s severe harm to NYS. 
Problem is you don't even know what affect it'll have.Just like the ACA,you had no clue what that would do either. IT FAILED !!
Horribly failed!! Premium skyrocketed, deductible tripled, PPO to HMO, lost all our doctors..had to drop.. #ThanksObama #Traitor
ACA just terrible! $900 a month $12,5 deduct. When I decided to not have it at all. f-ing penalty. Anything is better!!
Mine $1500 a month(equal to my mortgage),$14,500 deductible,PPO to HMO, and that's crappy bronze plan! No doctors my family uses accepts HMO
WOW..that is Just plain Pathetic.It was all about adding more people on Medicaid.w/these costs.Ms America gets 
Sucks we pay for others to have what we can't afford! ACA is total crap!
We pay for Europe's protection so that they can give away frr stuff to THEIR citizens
Trump needs to Get the point across... The American Government will lookout for Americans 1st !!

And NY must be full of a bunch of needed bastards, dependent freeloaders like yourself u @SenSchumer  GET A JOB
You are DELAYING proper healthcare for people in need Chuckles.
Key word"proper." Have you seen the bill.  The one that nobody can afford.
It's time to put Democratic Pressure on to impeach Trump. Get on the talk shows. One said we might have Russian spy's in WH. Pull clearances

If the revised bill (AHCA) is hurting NYorkers what is it doing to the other states where jobs are scarce for all of-age brackets for ex.
Yea Chuck every vote in NYC counts outside that they sure as hell don't count or u would not be our Senator!
Drain the Swamp starting w Schumer and NY Dems
You liberals are not fighting for anyone's health  it is all about control to people like you not country and not people.
Chuck- In reality you stand for nothing but resistance and Americans are sick of it already!
Started with Mitchell and the pubs. How does it feel being on the other side. Not so good, huh?
I prefer to call it #RyanCaust due to the millions of deaths it will bring if passed, but #Trumpcare is good.
Millions of deaths ?!?! What the hell r u smoking? People weren't dying in the streets before Obamacare. The poor have Medicaid already
Fact Check: "No Republican Healthcare Bill Would Not Cause 23 Million People To Lose Healthcare"
https://m.townhall.com/tipsheet/guybenson/2017/05/25/no-the-republican-healthcare-bill-would-not-cause-23-million-people-to-lose-insurance-n2331434 …
@SenSchumer @GNYHA
If you cared you would quit blocking Trump who wants to help the American people You don't care about us You have your own agenda (resist)
And Repubs did when Obama was in office?
WHY AREN'T YOU IN WASHINGTON DC DOING THE WORK OF THE PEOPLE I SURE WISH THE PEOPLE THAT KEEP THIS COUNTRY MOVING GOT AS MUCH VACATION
ACHA could not possibly harm NY any more than #Obamacare has. I know. My carrier of 10 yrs abandoned NY b/c of Obamacare. #OCareVictim

In Trying To Open Secret Back Door With Russians, Mr. Kushner Should Be Kicked Out Of The White House Today. Any Alternative Is Dangerous.
He should at least have his security clearance yanked. He also went in S bank under US sanctions. Presidenof bank appointed by Putin.
Chucky can you come up with something real.. How about what you can do, not scaring people on BS you make up
@SenSchumer #donothing
@GNYHA Retire Chuck.Your policies are old and need change.
So true! Pelosi, Warren and McCain need to go with him!
I agree with you Linda!
We've experienced your healthcare, no thank you. Denial of the facts calls into question a person's mental stability. Shrinks talk to him.
Did you see Trump walking away from Netenyah absentmindedly he's mental.
Obviously your a continent bound citizen. Extensive travel wears the body down. Good for us your not a licensed shrink.
The only thing threatening health care is failed ACA which you supported, Hippocrit.



Here to remind people, if Chuck Schumer gave a shit about your health care. He would've done something about it long before Trump . Liar
Do you think by fighting the battle for Clinton,Soros and Obama will make America a greater nation for your family or any of us?
AHCA definitely needs to get passed now.
Blah blah blah

#Trumpcare isn't health care any more than #Obamacare is, both are govt insurance schemes to line the pockets of insurance companies.
Best thing to Lower Medicare age to 62 and Remove all income tax caps from Medicare income tax. Sanders want to raise 250k I say remove caps
Every vote counts for Chucky when it comes to New York insurance health Chucky me me me again but a pair of big boy glasses not your grandma
Chucky you got better insurance than us Americans you know it so why not get our insurance plan. I will tell you because Obama plan sucks.
Sure hope they vote u out of office in 18

New Yorker,s are stupid. What proof @NYCMayor 
Bill De Blasii was elected.
 yea while you use our police for body guards. Use our $ for health insurance. Let illegals do the same..  god bless america 
Once again chucku posting a lie good job keep up the democratic number one rule lie

False it's harming people now and will continue to FullRepeal
Schemer, you keep spitting out of your mouth!!
Again I say look at the health care mess you Democrats got us in under Obama!
Ya how's ur kiddy porn ring doing schumer when did u know & y have u covered it up hmm
Because the Democrats couldn't have ever just passed their own single payer plans in individual state. One size all legislation works so
Well at the national level when conditions aren't the same in every state
ACA is in its death spiral, too $$$. Fine for not enrolling unfair. AHCA affordable & fair. Dems must work with Repubs or we're doomed.
ISIS SYMPATHIZER
To bad you don't stand strong for America. You didn't fight for us with Obama care you hypocrite
YOU SAID I COULD KEEP MR DOCTOR - LIES YOU SAID THE DEDUCTIBLE WOULD NOT GO UP - LIES... now you want me to believe YOU...HELL NO!!!!!!!
@GNYHA No Trumpcare.  Act for the people not yourself
Are U ever going to face reality? ACA is a Healthcare & fiscal disaster. What good is ins if U can't afford to use because of high deducts?
If that were true, instead of blocking everything, you would be "working" with, not against all healthcare reform & against the POTUS.
Really sad how you people only listen to liberals concerns about healthcare. You're way too partisan which is why we'll need to replace you!
THE H. PLANS ARE RUN BY NY.STATE?? CHUCK DO BETTER.????
80% of NYS RESIDENTS ARE ON MEDICAID. ALL LIVING OFF THE GOVERNMENT. WAY TO MAKE NYS THE HIGHEST TAXED WELFARE STATE IN THE NATION. HELP NYS
Chuck Schumer YOUR FIRED
I notice Chucky Boy that its all Unions that signed the letter. Arent they the ones who FUND YOU & other Dems?
The only way it increases is because of the mandate. It's so bad you have to make people buy it. And we have to pass it to see what's in it
Are you working in the Senate to make the needed reforms or just pushing your false narratives. You are not moving forward but stuck in muck
All of those have interest in obama care if is disappear they not make no more money from the poor people shame on you   using people
It's NOT Trumpcare, Chuck. Donald Trump isn't in Washington to create a "legacy". Wrong President. He's there to Make America Great Again.
Who not uou
What bs
Did you read the article in Newsday today about ACA and premiums? Does any politician tell the truth?
As a @CWAUnion Member I can say that since the passing of ACA my healthcare cost have increased with every contract #RepealReplace asap
I wish that President Trump would have left Obamacare alone and let it explode on its own. Hand the mess to u Chuckie so you could fix it.
Work with your colleagues in Congress to implement the new plan.  Stop the obstruction.
Ok
It's time to retire Chuck and take your lame niece with you.
Kushner?
Yeah, every NY vote even illegal aliens who vote illegally. #MAGA #BuildTheWall @POTUS @GOP @OrangeNYGOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @NewYorkGOP
#MedicareForAll Thank you @SenSchumer
Who the pervert chucky



DRAIN THE WASHINGTON SWAMP!!!  TERM LIMITS
Hey Chuck, you and Bonner need to go have a good cry together.
#UseLess schs
No one cares what u think!
You know what cool,
 kicking a reporters ass and then winning the election all in the same day.
Montana
NY spends $1.7 Billion a MONTH on welfare. Cut the illegals off...problem solved. But the who would vote for you?
Yeah Zeldin's on notice!
Well if NY healthcare was getting cut then I'd be worr5
@GNYHA Are these the same organizations that supported Obamacare? Probably... how'd that work out for us... #hypocrite #liar
They don't care. All they want is to say " people will lose healthcare" "the poor will be hurt" "it's only for the rich". All lies of course
What planet are you on?
If Schumer is for anything , u better know its wrong for sure. He needs to resign. 
Your a disguting lying obstucting delaying traitorous fool jerking the AMERICAN people around for your own agenda
you are a PERFECT example of why there should be fixed terms in the legislative branch.
He is a pretty good poster boy for abortions too.
Remember that part about the votes counting when bitching about our awesome president!
Hey chuckie schmukser what kind of health care you got o yea the best and free and your rich oh and your family has it to. You lying crapper
Hey chuckie schmukser what kind of health care you got o yea the best and free and your rich oh and your family has it to. You lying crapper
How many of those organizations are funded by Soros, Rothchild, Bezos, Rockefeller?
You have no integrity
AARP sold the retired people out by supporting ACA and the stealing of 500 million dollars from Medicare.
lobbyist all need to be _ _ _ _ _ _
Chuck, I don't stand with you on anything. You've become what you called the republicans for the last 8 years; An Obstructionist!!

@GNYHA 
Remember what you said about "every vote counts" when you're up for reelection. #DemsRDone
The Dems are not Progressive the Dems are the breaks get your hands out of our pockets no more victims no more mascots
Oh chuckles you poor lost sheep @SenSchumer U lost ObamaCare U want American ppl2do w/o because U refuse 2 work 2018 vote UR criminals home
Teeteehee...well suggest changes and promote additions to plan...be part of making it affordable Senator.  Bettcha won't even try?
Yet no comment on jacob schwartz?
Do I see some organizations funded by @georgesoros in that group?
Oh my god the sky is falling and people are dying in the streets in NY, but is only the Democrat, so if Rep you will be fine per Chucky
YOU ARE A FRAUD
GOP must be stopped.
Forget about Trump We want #SinglePayer #UniversalHealthcare #MedicareForAll #hr676  Get to work on a companion bill to #hr676
Where is your plan to fix Obamacare?
SENATOR SIR I AND MANY COMMON VOTERS ARE BEHIND YOU!
Not true, many stand against him, he's a nut job. resign Schumer
Hi Chuck, I know it's a holiday weekend, but can you please stop by the White House and revoke Jared Kushner's security clearance?
Maybe also mount pressure also on the @IDC4NY to either drop the Dem membership, or caucus with Dems.

@NoIDCNY 
you mean American health act
Thank you for Anthony Weiner.

Trump is a fat old ape with Alzheimer's. He needs to be taken out. NOW!
