Or blackmailing them or making them disappear... oh wait that was your side.
Including Snowden, right?  Right?  Fucking answer me
I'm curious
Same
Will you be the one to invoke the 25th Amendment of the Constitution sec 4 and remove T rump from office . The emperor has no clothes
Who will blow the whistle Senator on what you and your coworkers (both parties) have done to us? THIS is all you shld be worried about.
What about Edward Snowdon and Julian Assange? they are heroes and framed by deep state

#Mark836King: Trump Family Willingness to Sacrifice America and All In It To Profit, Without Detection! At The Expense of You're Tax $.  
Answer me
Right, tell that to the Clintons...... They kill possible whistleblowers.
Now you want the whistleblowers protecting who is a pathological liar, denied unmasking&did something illegalI guess President Trump
will be doing this in 2020Oh wait, it will prob be a felony then & ALL the Democrats will be screaming impeach!impeach!impeach!
Said King rat.
@SenSchumer Didn't you vote for the Patriot Act?
Tell that to #SethRich
Unless they are leaking classified information. Then they need to be in jail....period!
Congress needs to stop trump illegal military actions.  Do your job
Not every whistleblower tells the truth, need to be a case by case basis, you should know that.
Please keep your eyes on Trump/Russia?  I don't believe the credibility of Syria    Cmon 57 and no real damage??
$90,000,000 for the cost of the Tomahawks? ANy serious damage to their overall air power? aLL sh0W
You can't just read the headlines! Damage was to munitions storage, Sarin Gas, this is where flights came from dispersing on children!
Russia was told in advance, but our own State Department was not. Assad flew planes from the site we targeted today. You think we win here?
Really? The Secretary of State & National Sec Council all agreed prior to attack, and amazing U are so much wiser than all the Generals?
Not claiming to be. But if you think this ineffectual strike actually did anything meaningful in Syria, then I have a bridge to sell you.
are you fucking kidding me? when obama was in power what did you do to snowden?
Keep protecting them
For haters over whistleblowers and they are cyberharrasser orstalker and how would it apply in illinois in protection to womens
and what about @Snowden? No clemency for him? No praise for what he's done or protection for him.
Exactly. Tells us illegal data collections and to what extent it's happening, but he's a traitor for understanding your rights to privacy?
Of your leaking illegally, then it's not good. Do you even know that?
Schumer (donut man) lacks the credibility to judge anyone's use of communication. Stick to eating donuts with Putin!
When Obama wiretapped reporters did you say anything you partisan hack?  Felony leaks occurred and you glorify criminals. Typical Dem

Thank you Senator for ALL you do. And it is A LOT!
Anyone that obtains and/or states facts is valuable to not only law enforcement but the public. We deserve to know& make decis's accordingly
Which is why @SenSchumer is creating safe spaces for those whistleblowing on Susan Rice...not
Trump loves Wiki Leaks
So, you'll be investigating the death of Seth Rich now that Wikileaks has confirmed he was the leak from the DNC and NOT a Russian hack??
Thank you, @SenSchumer!
@CoryBooker @nytimes Or killing them like Seth Rich


@CoryBooker @nytimes  glad you like wiki leaks cause they give us more info than congress.
When someone blows the whistle on @BarackObama and @HillaryClinton will you feel the same??
"Because Republicans are in charge now and that means whistleblowers will hurt them, not us." - Chuck Schumer, hypocrite.
Thanks Chuck for not having a spine and giving us Justice Gorsuch. Repigs would have found a way to block nomination. Not you though. Sad
Like Edward Snowden?  Yes?
Hey, Chuck, is the DNC still taking corporate donors?
Is there a list of them?
Could we see that list, please?
Only if it is aginst a Republican right Chuck

I'm currently struggling with the #VA and everyone should protect the people are willing to protect the vets.
Right....Obama loved them...........
Seth Rich may have been a whistleblower,look what it got him.
Only when they align with your political agenda!!  CHUCKY CHEESE you're vile!!!
Snowden is a man with a moral compass, unlike many who gave infested Washington!
Shut up go home your irrelevant now  bye
You're right Chuck. We should be praising WikiLeaks and, to whatever extent, Russia. You said it.
OMG
Are you going to start defending #WikiLeaks?
Women are important too! We shouldn't be assaulting them in restaurants and in public. Way too late for an apology now!
Rump is the" get even"potus, he own words. Is not presidential ! Twitter don't ever give in or you r no more. & Thanks man
Why are you tweeting VERY FAKE NEWS!!! You already have a serious credibility problem?
The 1st official to admit that the @Twitter lawsuit was a result of the TOTAL lack of Federal employee whistleblower protections. CC @htsuka
But only if it's in your political interest eh Chuck!
Right. In a real democracy that's what we do. But in Trump's wannabe dictatorship, the rule is to ruthlessly destroy opposition.
You are delusional!!!  You must be talking about Dems!  Thanks for the laugh!!!
Sir. We ask and implore you to find out who, and are we going to be targeted by the GOV from now on for our rights to free speech? Concerned
The question remains. Who authorized the go ahead? That person I am assuming is losing their job? The rights of all citizens need an example
have you seen the "Inside Trumps Life @RogueLeaks " WH LEAKERS FROM FEB 1 saying it was planned to start WW3 on April 7?
@Lee_in_Iowa Absolutely! Whistleblowers help to usher in a more transparent administration n instances of misgovernance
Especially in this administration!
Unless they show Dems' cheating... Then it's attack, attack, attack! So shallow.
I'm  glad you feel that way,   cause  I know some stuff about you  the public might like to know.  So you are gonna protect snoden good
@RogueInformant @nytimes @ACLU THANK YOU, SENATOR! That suit was an assault to the 1st Amendment! #altGov
Filibuster ha shot your self in the foot shoulda been in the head just sayin
So you'd be for a Snowden pardon now?
Only if they support your position, Chuckie. The others you insult. Like us middle Americans
This medium is truly freedom of speech.   We are the watchdogs of this government.  Active engagement is our Duty as Citizens 
Well then who ever outed Susan Rice should be protected, right?
Not if they are breaking the law!!!Duh!! Would expect that from you.

Then Free Julian Assange you hypocrite.
Did you say that when Obama was president?
that's a moronic statement. Whistleblowers are traders and should be hung...As well as every self serving politician 
Look out chuck you may get what you wish for and sooner than you think
Yes because maybe you are involved too  
I hate your duplicity especially when it's your heritage at the forefront of abuse. I love isreal, but I don't love you. Prepare for messiah
Seriously. I saw the Democrat state department video threaten Americans. So one sided. I am disgusted.
CHUCK-SPEAKING FROM 2 SIDES OF YOUR MOUTH AGAIN.?????
Treason and Obstructing are not legal and should be prosecuted
2023, that's how long we have to tolerate this idiot, unless he's re-elected. No matter what side you're on, GET OUT AND VOTE!
what a bunch of losers. Unmasking is a crime for everyone but wen Trump wants it done. He is extra righteous.
Free Julian then!
Thank you for all you do! I've been curating a #twitterlist for #WeAreAltGov #altGov #resist Check it out almost 300 https://twitter.com/webvixen/lists/roguetwitter …
5  Spring Street. Lombardi family.
Including Julian Assange, Wikileaks, @JamesOKeefeIII and Edward Snowden?
If you feel that way, then why is @Snowden hiding in Russia again?
is that how you feel about @Snowden ?
You just can't seem to make up your mind what is right and what is wrong!?! Just whining bitter old man that only cares about himself!
Chucky, a note for your file... more tweets does not make you more relevant.
Schumer, You and your comrades are attempting to undermine our President. When you act so carelessly you put Americans in danger.
Do it without breaking the law or suffer the consequences.  That's how I see it!
You're soooo full of shit on this one. How can you even type that without lightning striking you down?
I'm assuming you're including those revealing Obama Admin surveillance of Trump and his campaign as well right?
Then why have you not been supporting the whistleblowers who've been exposing the atrocities at the VA? Bc you have nothing to gain Schmucky
I agree
Good night Mr Schumer. I don't know how you sleep!
People need a way to communicate without government or networks changing our words. TWEET TWEET
You're such a phoney
Shut up.
Unless they're blowing them on Susan Rice, huh?
remember all that come$ from the terrorist white whorehouse i$ more TURD$ for the 
CE$$POOL like grunge GORSUCaHole
@Potus I agree whistleblowers like WikiLeaks on @DNC
then maybe you should come to New Rochelle where “if you point a problem, you’re the problem”. We could use the help!
if it's against GOP , your colleagues will always punish them, former of dictatorship
Is that why you guys chased edward snowden into russias hands?
Was this true in Snowden's case as well? Or is it selective?
Always selective with Schumer
Sorry Charlie. Whistleblowers use proper channels.Felony leakers use anonymous internet accts&improper unmasking& disseminating of citizens.
Personally, I think Senator Kirsten Gillibrand is more balls than Schumer. At least she didn't vote for so many Trump nominees
Just saying
HRC is Kirsten's mentor, of course she wouldn't. Her vote is influenced by corrupt Hillary!  Smh
... You really have to ask yourself, who benefits from this?
The answer is Obama, Clinton and the DNC.
It's a catch 22 w/ Whistleblowers... ya wanna know... but the info is dangerous to our security. But in this instance, an exception... yes
#WestWinGate, how embarrassing for Democrats. 
Susan Rice
Evelyn Farkas
a gift to President Trump. 
Good luck in 2018!...
What? You want people spying on @POTUS? How's he supposed to his job properly? How would YOU like that to be done to you? #illegal
You know we the parole see through your bs
Why didn't you say that with Obama?
@ALT_uscis  Hurray!
Good another win for america
Fire schumer!
Wow! Are you for real? What a hypocrite.
Ok then...come on whistleblowers, what do have on Schumer?  You will be safe and the American people will definitely support you!
@MarkRuffalo Whistleblowers are not protected. Local, State, & Federal gov. are infested with Malfeasance. Laws must change.
@MarkRuffalo @nytimes fake tears may be on to something
Chuck IS the McCain of the Democrats; talks a lot of things that make sense, yet his votes agree with the same government he decries
Aah! Donald got his feelings hurt.
Amen
?  unless they hack the DNC emails right!!! And reveal the corruption of you all, so where do you stand with Snowden ,wikileaks,
@MarkRuffalo hope that includes @Snowden you hypocrite
I agree, how about Snowmen and all the whistleblowers the Obama administration criminalized Chuck? What about then?
@SenSchumer Then stand up and protect @wikileaks Assange, @Snowden @xychelsea , Wells Fargo whistleblowers + many others from prosecution.
Can u say felony
. Lock Schumer up for exciting riots!###
Such hypocrisy from the leftists!
So you support Wikileaks after all?
So you approve of Assange??
Oh that's rich! Are you aware what's happening to the whistleblowers of planned parenthood?! #shutupchuck
Agree. What happened to Seth Rich?
Unless it's Rep. Nunes type of "whistleblower." Not a daring accuser, but a disinformation agent.
Cc: @JulianAssange & @wikileaks
Your insulting people skills are positively Scottish. Bravo.
You are COMPLICIT in supporting #Trumprussia by endorsing the breaking of constitutional law #resist #traitor #trumpcollusion #WarCrimes
What Constitutional law?
@twitter well done twitter folks.
#firebannon  #resist #trumprussia #RussiaGate #firetrump
Liberal commi snitches are not whistleblowers.  They are anti American spies for your commi cause of a socialized economy
Leakers aren't heroes! They constantly pose a danger to the public, national Secuiry policy, and American lives overseas. Don't protect them
Can't help but notice that your twitter people have not said ANYTHING about the Syrian issue. What's up with that?  Where do you stand?
He supports it. Kissing Trumps ass, supporting unconstitutional acts = collusion. Another traitor along with @NancyPelosi
Wow-Schumer and the Dems love law breakers!
Not when they are using their twitter handle with a gov agency name on it
@xeni wondering if @SenSchumer ever said that to @BarackObama
Complete abuse of investigative summons by Homeland Security.
did you say that when Clintons e-mails were shared and you and the Dems were exposed for who you really are?
He always blinks when his bully tactics don't work.
agree do your job and find a way to stop the WH INSANITY
@MikeIsaac Would you consider Wikileaks a "whistle blower" since they released truthful, albeit damaging to Clinton, emails?
Whistleblowers more like felons!
Not always. Sometimes it is so they don't get convicted for the boss' felonies.
Really, a Twitter account is a whistleblower? #clueless
Can o get this straight!!! You fight a travel ban but praise a ballistic missle strike....like what the heck???
Until they tell on You!
Even Wikipedia??
Wikileaks
Seems they're needed if we are to ever get the truth!
Chuck look what you've done in NY. Every time corruption is being investigated  you or Andy disassemble the investigation. Stop the lying
I agree. Any person putting their country over Party is a patriot not a criminal. Speak out against tyranny justly! If you have it show it!
How many others have they asked to unmask?
Funny how you don't bother with US MSM for spreading LIES and PROPAGANDA, but you mark Assange for publishing absolute TRUTH!
Then work to get full pardons for @Snowden @xychelsea , and the others. They're heroes.
Snowden? those who leaked CIA Vault 7? They have ENLIGHTENED the American people and the WORLD of US corrupt government. What Chuckie? HUH??
It is called spying on American citizens which is illegal something the democrats think is fine that way they can rule what Americans can do
Screwed up didn't you! And H Reid. Looks like a whistleblower exposed Susan Rice & others!
Do you feel that way about  Wiki-Leaks, I didn't think so.
#biggerconcernsrightnow
So why aren't we honoring Edward Snowden? He heroically risked everything to protect us from our own government conducting espionage on us.
So why don't u support the whistle-blower exposing Susan Rice, ahh what only when it benefits your far left nut positions
