.@SenatorBaldwin & @SenDonnelly have bills to keep jobs like these at Carrier right here at home. Why wont @POTUS help make them law?
You've had LAST 10 yrs as well as chunk of that with a House majority. Now u use this to score points against Trump? TAKE RESPONSIBILITY
You n the Dems had 8 years to change the laws but chose to do nothing.  Didn't fix ACA or create jobs either.  For 8 years nothing was done.
We need Universal Basic Income so we can stop worshipping the idea of spending our lives making air conditioners like that's an achievement
Everything 45 try to do and accomplish will fail. It will turn on him because he, with Putin's help, stole the election. #EverythingWillFail
Just because Hillary screamed Russia with 0 evidence doesnt make it so. The DNC  server in question was never turned over to FBI. 17 intels
connection. Hillary was trying to avoid the content of the emails which proved the DNC hijacking & more collusion . Seth Rich was a DNC
As much stuff as #SatanSeed has hidden...you people should never mention Hilary ever... Lock her up... wasn't that y'all's chant? Ironic...
LMHO... He knew his ass was #Dirty from the beginning. That's why he said his base would stand by him no matter what...and HE WAS RIGHT!
Then get off your ass and start passing laws. Quit obstructing. We don't care about the fake Russian narrative.
@SenSchumer you've been in office 100 years. When do you propose we change the laws?
Will you get our $7M tax break to @Carrier back? Please respond.
Act instead of complain.  A one off deal is more than you've done.
You have had 8+ years - doubt you know what to do.
Gee. That's funny. Isn't that what President Trump is trying to do.
No we need to follow the ones we have to the t
Go away hypocrite your mouth is running but don't hear you anymore you make no sense /don't forget u & liberals, obama created the problem
You sound like Trump now. Are you becoming a fan?
That's what Donald Trump wants don't act like you care about American jobs now
What you a Career spent, now you figure, jobs gone, you might want to do your part, change laws an all? What a Moron. @seanhannity
Next you'll be lecturing with Nancy the Victims and Families of Manchester Needing open borders and free ranging air travel. Your ridiculous
We need to change lifelong senators.
And Carrier is keeping the $7 million that Indiana taxpayers paid for that deal too, right? I bet @Carrier isn't refunding that tax break.
Thought #45 stopped this for the American workers.
Don't buy any carrier products.
You are responsible for the job loss. People love Democrats so much
You, Obama and #Democrats did nothing for 8 years except ruin healthcare in America. That includes @SenGillibrand.
Schumer Democrats in office 8 years U just now think of this,U said Trump budget bad 8 yrs ago had 3 Trillion debt 8 yrs later 20 Trillion
Lies??? Again Chuckie with big boy lies
What you need to do is lower taxes and spend within your means. Read the Waste Book, schrimp on a treadmill study..really?
From pseudo Socialist to concerned Capitalist? What a metamorphosis!
The Democratic party is a job killer in itself. What did Obama or any Democrat do to save jobs in this country besides your own?
Britain, Canada, Ireland all more business friendly and provide more perks...
Really because I don't see Democrats clamoring for Visa reform to displace American workers in the USA with cheap labor
8 yrs you had shut up now
Blah blah blah
Then stop holding press conferences & get to work for a change!
Too late Chucky. Americans know your lack of  leadership and bully obstructionist tactics. You Dems fall on deaf ears. No class, no brains
Hilarious now you talk NOW about outsourcing M.  Obama and you hustlers outsourced millions of jobs. Chuckie YOU are the RICH.
Chuckles Schumer = DELAY, OBSTRUCT, & disallow the middle class from succeeding in life.  CHUCKLES IS BAD NEWS.
We must inforce the laws on the books right now first.
Hell you Liberals don't obey the laws America has now . Why would you want to change something you don't abide by
You are a senator. Stop talking and complaining. Write a bill; that actually is your job.
did any one ask why Hussain told the Medevdev  "after the election he would help Russians '. you hypocrite "
You're really late to that party Chuckie
Quoting NYT is like quoting Chicken Little.  Nobody believes them !!
Isn't that what our POTUS has been saying?
They want to outsource meaning the worker got screwed again by NAFTA..ez decision..#boycottcarrier
We need to improve education! Laws aren't enough as new business follows workers. See NYTimes story on Utah.
Then maybe it is time that you and the Democrats quit resisting and start doing your job support our president and make America great again
Many bills were introduced that never made it floor thanks to the GOP. They controlled the house for 6 of the 8 yes obama was there.
Just like they control the house, senate, and Oval Office right now, but still can't get anything done.
Had a super majority for 2 years over 6 years ago. It takes time to write legislation... and they got lots done in 2 years...
Google it.
We need you out of office
better idea: change the Roman Senate bent on giveaways, bribes and stupidity-that is, the dems
Seth Rich
Do you read your tweets
Exactly lil chuckie. Start with #TermLimits very first thing. Second vote should be to be on the same healthcare you vote on for the people!
Wonder how the schmucks in Indiana like their boy now. Liar n chief.
Press Conferences? That's all you do is press conferences. You love to be before the tv camera. You are still not working for the people.
#termlimits chucky. Go join Hillary in the woods.
Chuckie, nobody's buying it. You are so pathetic.
All o a sudden u care about American jobs Where was the outcry when ur beloved obama sent r jobs to china U agreed & kept silent HYPOCRITE
Change our laws ? What we need is for all politicians to follow those laws, no one even you Sir are above the law
You Dems were in charge for 8 years destroying the country now you blame Pres Trump - i dont think so.
Fake News!
You are a Obstructionist / Democrat you hate Law and Order and the Constitution.
Factory work, and the no-lifting customer service work that little cripple ladies like me can do, please thank you.

Your president at work
This needs to be a BIG PART of your message.
...whaChuckle is saying this...
maybe you could pay attention to NY?
u mean nyc he doesnt care abt the rest of us
Tax reform?
Oooh look a birdie...
Maybe when you realize that hugging extremists & giving them handouts doesn't work, this Country will feel safer
We need to drain the swamp and alot of Democrats
We need to change the laws... yet you had no problem with all of the regulations signed into law for the past 8 years though. #HYPOCRITE
You need to tell CONGRESS TO CHANGE LAW. Executive Branch doesn't write legislation or did you forget that?
Chuck you couldn't change your pants in the dark. Let the adults run the Country. You know it's working
Speaking of losing, the swamp, Trump, Wall St. & money laundering businesses... Stop protecting Wall St, fines mean nothing, prosecute them
Who would pay Obama 400k an hr?
Yes!! @SenSchumer @SenateDems Charge companies that outsource for the retraining and cost they impose on safety net programs.
@realDonaldTrump ICYMI
What have you done Chunky? Trump saved 1400 jobs even though some are leaving. Lower Corp Tax is primary, lower union wages secondary.
This comment makes you so small and insignificant
You are the very one that vote for outsourcing jobs
What happened to traitor trumpys jobs jobs jobs? Seems they are going going gone to robots and AI. Trump lies Prue and simple,
@realDonaldTrump got PLAYED!!!
That's why they leave in the first place, because of government mitts all over businesses. Taxes, rules and regulations. Hands off.
People have avoided paying taxes in the country that helps them succeed, increase profits. We need to inspire loyalty.
Need to lower the tax rate - Liberals standing in the way as usual.
When you're paying NO taxes, I cannot imagine a lower rate bringing you home. I'll stay hopeful.
Explain to me how someone on gov assistance gets a refund and I work my butt off claim 1 (actually have a house and 3 dependants) And pay?
It ALL needs to make better sense for ALL of us, no doubt. We're smart enough to fix it, to make it truly fair.
I think a certain acceptance that the very rich no matter what will remain very rich it's about making it easier on the rest of us..
I have no problem with the rich. We shouldn't have to bargain for fairness in our middle class world, though.
Trump knows what he's doing Chuck. Focus on keeping Anthony Weiner in check up there in NYC and Trump will KEEP JOBS HERE
Keep jobs here? Didn't you read the article? Jobs are outsourced to Mexico...there isn't any jobs...#WakeTheHellUp
More than @TheDemocrats are doing
There should be serious tax consequences for any company that does this.
Horrible- what can the average person do @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand ?
Bore off, you had 8yrs to do something!
Did you forget the republicans blocking the agenda all that time?
