Who should we blame when white supremacists keep attacking people? Because that keeps happening. 
How do I know he's a white supremacist ? Besides I think they belong to the right not the left.
I was responding to previous poster and referring to earlier attacks by alt-right adherents. No idea who today's shooter is yet.
I see that now. 
Sometimes it's hard to make point clear with 140 characters!  I always end up editing repeatedly.
well I'm not. I have no idea what political party any of them belonged to. Do you?
Save it for your reelection run..... You and the rest of the Democrats are the reason this has happened.
Jesus Christ. I'm a democrat. It's all my fault. What is wrong with you???  This is scary shit for ALL of us. Stop being divisive please.
Yes...I believe that is what is b omg said here...unhinged democrats buying into media narrative...it was bound to happen...
Well you're probably right. Eric Trump said we aren't even human, right?
When you hold a severed head of our POTUS then crying because you get blow back... then yes, you are not human

Yeah yeah..... and the person that did this was running for office, a celeb???
I'm sure those people are republican. So, like you, should I paint with a broad brush and say you are also responsible for this?
But not grateful enough to stop spewing the ignorant, duplicitous, inflammatory rhetoric that triggers these nutcases.
Empty words from you.
Thinking like this is what keeps our country divided. We are a country not a party. Stop the hate.
You mean, speaking the truth? Holding them accountable for their language and dishonesty?  That kind of "thinking"?
Spare me.
Well myself and thousands throughout the world must all be delusional . Please pray for us.
You are, and you show no signs of improvement.
Schumer the blame starts with you and the rest of you Demoncrat partners, yours and MSM's feeding of this hatred toward @POTUS .
Yes because none of the hateful rhetoric from the right has ever caused any damage... Oh wait the Oregon Train Stabbings & Kathy Gifford
I love how the Right quickly 4gets all of the incidents caused by conservative nut jobs -We have nut jobs in both parties stop playing games
Troll there DAn .. 0 followers
Yeah, just blocked him thanks
Me too
At least they could do is get facts straight, but thats being a troll, that'll probably cost me 12 hrs of time out
I hope you don't become a victim of political violence! That would just be so awful!
This shooting g laysxat your feet
Lay at your feet. I didn't vote for Obama but I did t throw fits and act like so many people are today. I find it all disputable
I have many friends who are registered Democrats. They are sick of how all the Dems in Washington are acting
Hey #democRATS

This is the hatred that u have created!

U own it!

@DPCconsultants
Yeah how's that working for Paris, England and Australia?
Your party has been inciting violence.  How hypocritical of you to comment at all.  Shameful, Senator.
I'm sure you can give examples of that of course. Meanwhile trump openly said he was willing to pay legal fees if supporters injured protest
They came to Trump rallies looking for the shit, and they got it.
Have you apologized to the family of the man you ran over and killed?
NOW is the time for you to step up and lead,stop resisting,say "let's all work together" Lead by example.Sadly, this has gone on too long...
if the Majority Whip wasn't there they would have all been sitting ducks. There would have been no protection against this Bernie terrorist
You radical Democrats, CNN and Hollywood are to blame for this shooting. You preach nothing but divide and hatred. Sad time in America.
It's a gun that saved their life.  And a radical liberal shooting  hmmmm.   Now more than ever we need to protect our 2 a rights
I'm in Korea atm, but can smell your deceit from here. Ur lucky all we have here is cnn to monopolize fake news and ur agenda.
u are literally everything that is wrong with our country atm
You and @NancyPelosi need to stomp out the rhetoric that Republicans are evil. You are part of the problem.
Senator, Now is the time to start doing your job and work for the American People # We the people
Good job blasting that Bernies Nazi of the week. One less wacky dem!
Thanks @SenSchumer America always comes together in times of crisis
Even when democrats caused the crisis?
go back and hang out with soros. I'm sure he doesn't mind listening to ur bought and paid for bs
Someone has to shut trump down re tweets. What can legally be done about Hannity?
#BanDemocrats
Maybe now the hateful rhetoric your party uses can come to an end & you can be more of a Statesman.  If not now, when? This has got to stop.

good guy with a gun stops a bad guy with a gun
Don't you play softball Chuck?
Next time u speak about being anti-gun, think how many lives were saved today cause guns were in hands of the right ppl, not just the wrong
Guns In the hands of law enforcement yes...not untrained inexperienced civilians
A) just cause civilians arent police doesnt mean they R untrained/inexperienced & B) if Scalise hadnt been there there woulda been no police
What we don't need is a bunch of civilians with guns shooting at anything, Putting more at risk.
Mandatory gun ownership in Gun Town, USA. They were gun death free for 25 yrs. 2 since artcle written in 2007. 35 yrs w/ 2 gun deaths.
BIG FAT LIE
Snopes is your friend.
POTUS & Staff are making this a partisan issue - painting the Republicans as victims of leftist hate. Dividing us one tweet at a time.
What do you think this is??
No more likely a hell bent on murder anti-Trump democrat.  Let's TRUELY call it what it is.
That's why you get a concealed carry
Because you can shoot the person instead of being a sitting duck....
Those killers were sniping from a garage not even an m4 would've got those guys
Good job your strive to divide brought on this shooting have your dems keep it up next time it can be worse
Seth would be alive today if the Clintons did not have him killed. Your "parody" of President Trump on our tax dollars was disrespectful.
Its still ur fault that shootin happend with ur vile bullshit Thats why I say pple get a weapn and protct ur self Bcause it is th Dems mouth
Reason you couldn't look anybody in the eye during your phoney apology is because this is your fault.  Steve's pain & agony is on your head
Many lives!
You know how close this is to home.  Why won't you call for unity and prosperity for the country.  Cooperation.  Not disruption and contempt
Stop your negative rhetoric and become part of the solution. You are complicit!
Stop this hate, your taking people over the edge
No Democrat party left just lying demon anti-American swamp monsters should not b around humans we will take every seat away from u 2018!
you're a phony
On top of that you & Democrats Deserve No Extra Protection You created this environment I have to live in it so should you #TermLimits #MAGA
You have ruined The United States of America!
U need2 tone down your RESIST TRUMP rhetoric .This divisiveness is inciting civil unrest. Look at VA ball field yesterday! @realDonaldTrump
Because you're Ignorant & Reckless Propaganda they got shot. You @NancyPelosi @SenWarren are responsible
Remember that next time you spout off about gun control!
you are a joke.
One of the few smart things he said... thank you officers
Thank god they had GUNS
Can we stop playing cute little games now and lead with dignity and seriousness?
You keep fueling the fire with the DEMS. That man was a supporter of Sanders. Fighting for all the fake news against Trump. He held the guns
Karma is a bitch How about if this starts a reprisal campaign on the Right? How would u like that?Words matter Stop the hypocricy!!
Bad situation but please remember Democrats words - his actions. Inciting others does not take away the guilt !
It's a good thing they had guns!
Smarter more important people than you are choked. If Mueller doesn't recuse himself you are going down a dark path. The people will win!!
You have done more to promote this hysteria than any political leader!  . Keep it up and cause a civil war!
Chuckie Schumer makes me want to vomit.
But..they had guns
Why are you letting George SOROS dictate how we should run the USA? His violence towards the Trump Admin will soon turn on the Democrats.
Step up NOW and start working with the administration and stop the left wing radicals. You are the Democrat leader. You have to speak out.
WE DEMAND MUELLER RESIGN!!WE WILL PROTEST AGAINST THIS.BY THE MILLIONS!!
UR 2 BLAME FOR THIS EVIL.U&OBAMA&PELOSI,HILLARY,DIRTY LEFT MEDIA.WE WILL ALL GET OUT AND DEFEND OUR PRES.MARCHES LIKE U HAVE NEVER SEEN B4
You are the problem of hate in our country don't act like you care now
Yep. We're all glad everyone's ok; And in more important news: the EPA just signed away the health of a large number of kids IFO #bigenergy
It's the venom of the left since the election that caused this nut job to start shooting... You are complicit @SenSchumer
BRING PEOPLE TOGETHER-as Minority Leader you can do it+ It's your responsibility. DONT encourage division.Be our hero. Lead the way!

Their bravery AND THEIR GUNS saved lives.
#ChuckyCheese if only you weren't a corrupt politician we could actually believe you. Youre only sorry cause it exposes your fake news loser
now you are blaming good gun owners for the shooting.  Licensed gun is not the problem.  Go after the real problem crazy lids.
Interesting.  Usually you guys just hate the police and throw them under the bus every chance you can.
Your vitriolic rhetoric is to blame for this shooting....STOP IT!!!!
45 men & family members could have been killed. America is sick of the hate coming from left Why don't U lead by example 
Lives depend on it
Time for you to calm down your rhetoric, you only fuel the crazies
Well Senator, for once we agree.
Schumer you are part of the cause of this
Embarrassingly weak response from the DNC today. Where's the accountability for the irresponsible calls for resistance and civil unrest?!
Words matter. There must be a way you can disagree, in a civil manner, with your political opponents. Your colleagues deserve better.
Now please stop the hate
Couldn't agree more! Thanks certainly go out to these heroes! Thankful to have them on call!!
ya right this libtard was a leftist terrorist that's right that is the future of DEMOCRATS @realDonaldTrump @SenTomCotton
You didn't cry today did you "Cryin Chuck." You & the DEMs violent rhetoric, demonstrations, media rants will come back to haunt your party!
You are a terrible excuse for an american
And one American Hero gave his life.
You're evil and deceitful. Shove you gratefulness.
I thinking that's a call for u in Congress to get ur act together. People think ur out of touch and u r. Get on board the Trump train.
Quit spreading political hate and use debate and good arguments to prove your point and agree to disagree people vote with pens not pistols
@kharyp Yes, love you Chuck. What can b done ab the deported veterans who saved our lives?
I heard the local police were also a great help.
You are partly responsible for the hatred in our country. It is always the democrats being violent rioting and destroying property.

You're politicizing something that you are partly to blame for
Now how about toning down the "resistance" rhetoric before you get someone killed, Senator?
#StopTheHate sch
They wouldn't be necessary if you and Nancy Polsi didn't always say Republicans are killing people. You both should be charged as accessory
You, Nancy and that black traitor, all have a special place in our contempt for the hate you have created and endorsed...
Blood on your hands tonight Mr. Resistance
Whatever Chuckles!  Good thing you have aids to make you look like you care about people!
R u feeling remorse for the violence today? I doubt it. Yr remorseless  attacks of personal demonization r to blame for this. Own it. Ahole
We love our guns now don't we Chucky!
You helped cause the attack with your hate of Trump!
Rhetoric like yours and others can be blamed , in part, for ballpark shooting. Shame on you.
I'm sorry to say this but the President and GOP have perpetuated this hate.
First positive thing from your mouth since POTUS @realDonaldTrump elected. Man up and participate in government voters elected.
Immediately contact your Congressman+Senators to demand Schumer's Expulsion from Congress. Stop his incessant hate mongering vs. POTUS+GOP
I want to protect myself and my family! End No Carry in NY! How do u expect us to protect ourselves, we don't have pvt security !
You are truly depraved+reprehensible. Blood of GOP lawmakers+staff is on your hands for promoting divisiveness+hatred against POTUS and GOP!
amen!
Where are your TEARS for these victims or are you all faked-crying out?
I you Chuck, but you forgot USC Police Officers' TRAINING! Any yahoo with a gun couldn't do what they did. And did well. #TheResistance
This was the result of Dem's hateful rhetoric and decades of lies! Keep it up Chuck. Blood is on your hands. I will NEVER VOTE DEMOCRAT!
MAYBE U NEED 2 REMIND UR PADRE THAT HE NEEDS2 HOLD TOWN HALL MTGS & REALIZE HE HAS CONSTITUENTS
@undercoverelf Who the hell are you? On your way to being blocked.
You are a terrorist party. Hope you are happy what you have done to this country with your lying, evil talk.
This is the fault of the pure hatred you & your Dem party have encouraged.
As the so called Senate (minority) leader it's time to speak to your leftist democratic socialist activists supporting your call to "resist"
Why don't you speak out and denounce violence from Democratic supporters? Up until now you've supported it. #ViolentDems #ViolentLeft
Your call to resistance and rhetoric has caused this

Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch recently called for Blood and Death on the Streets! #Alexandria #TRUMP 
Thank goodness they were there this AM!
Maybe if you and your cohorts would stop the absurd anti Republican rhetoric such lunatics wouldn't be inspired to do such horrific acts.
The blood of these public servants is on YOUR hands Shumer. Stop your hateful rhetoric!
Telling people republican policies, will kill them is the cause of this! You are the cause of this, with your hatred and fear mongering!
You and nancy divide the nation and act like this is a surprise when the leave gets this high. Trump is not any better.. but shame on all
@SenateDems dear congress may you show this unity in regards to healthcare and Russia  @SenateGOP
You are also a cause to the problem . You  & Dems have spread hatred at unprecedented level. This was doomed to happen.
Your bullsh*t leads to this
What, no more hate speech. Are you so blind that it is people like you that cause people like the shooter to hate so much. #MAN UP
Your Opposition and Resistance is motivating wacko progressive liberal socialist to violence! Unacceptable and unconscionable
Weds, USAG said "An appalling & detestable lie" Directed at U wasn't it? Today, U put out another effectual hypocritical note @ Maj Whip
Your crazy talk has the disturbed left causing 99% of the hate. Disarm good people more crazy talk!
This wouldn't be happening if you would stop lying about our president and get together and stop all that damn fake news
Help the Country heal, Stop the hateful rhetoric, ok to have differences but you have to stop the pure hateful messages.
Stop your lies and spouting hatred towards our president!
The trolls are out for the day...they cannot admit their own hatred (must be Russian). 8 yrs of this and you want to blame DEMS? Try again.
Looks like this was a big success today for the resistance movement. Keep up the good work Chuck. Keep spreading the lies & hate. Nice job.
Blood of GOP lawmakers is on your hands for instilling and promoting divisiveness, hatred, anti-POTUS and GOP vitriol, Russian conspiracies!
Mr Shumer why don't you set the tone for more civility. You are in leadership for Dems therefore YOU should stop accusing and start leading
If you don't think your continual hate speak contributed to this morning's shooting, you are sadly mistaken.
If no one but the army and police had guns, it would be a very different America. We can only hope..
Like North Korea, China, Venezuela, Iran.....??? Yeah,......it sure would be a "very different America"!!
Amen.
Too bad
Save it Chuckie.  You toads are behind this behavior.  And your voters are obviously unbalanced.
Stop pushing sedition & maybe your brainwashed voters won't go out and commit horrible atrocities. Instead watch you'll push Gun control.
You democrats in office along with the MSM are responsible for this act! You have blood on your hands!
The Democrats are falling fast.killary , Loretta Lynch, etc
