#trumpcare sucks #SchweddyBalls #ThanksMcConnell
Not all sweets, stop making shit up.
Bcra is going to make it impossible for me to afford health insurance, not making it up-@gop is proud of this "feature"
My reply was to Lara
Hackers successfully CHANGED voter rolls. We have an #illegitimatePresident #Revote http://thehill.com/policy/cybersecurity/338971-election-hackers-successfully-altered-voter-rolls-report …
Yeah. They were altered to favor Hillary over Bernie (see arizona).

Fellow Twitter users please note: this self-described "Trump girl" just successfully replied to a Russian language message.
Republicans healthcare - install windows at Doctor's offices so everyone can see a Doctor. Guaranteed lower premiums but at what cost?
The only thing missing with this speech was tears. I may have bought that @SenSchumer knew what he was talking about had he cried!
Please keep up the good fight against Trumpcare.  Don't let the GOP throw the neediest off of healthcare
You and the Democratic Party remind me of the old Soviet Union.
You are old. Go away. You and Nancy Pelot see our tales from the crypt it. We need term limits on our representatives
But Trump is 5 years older!...
He should go away too :-)
Stop lying
And Oduffas care is the greatest thing on this planet. Get your head out of your ass.
God help Amerians, under this current adminiManipulations...
Start listening to the poor rural people instead of a hand full of rich people!!
ACA is meaner, Why are you people so dishonest,
Best I can tell 95% of replies believe you are lying. Great leadership- keep guaranteeing Repubs dominate local elections
Schumer is an agent of the establishment f/ global communism. The guy is only concerned with power & to make sure that his comrades like him
Sheep's clothing!?! It's a wolf with friggin' rabies, who hasn't eaten in a week.
You have no bills of your own, so you complain about somebody else's. You are the reason I will never be a democratic again.
I mean, the ACA is their bill. What are you talking about? The @GOP took 8 years to come up with a piece of cruel & unusual garbage.
STOP LYING! People have opioid addiction because Obama care gave them free pills! Allowed doctors to hand them out like candy! DO YOUR JOB!
Well, Wolf....THAT'S  something you would know a LOT about! Your obstructionism is nothing but a ploy to stay in the spotlight. Go home!
Stop lying Despite What You've Heard, The Senate Bill Doesn't Slash, Gut, Or Even Cut Medicaid
It's not a wolf in sheep's clothing, this is just a wolf.  Stop playing nice & fight & call it what it is, a massive tax cut for the wealthy
Vs your parties LION in lambs clothing. Our heads are under water already.Congress should of controled rising health care costs long ago.
No, Chuck. It is a pack of rabid evil hyenas being let upon US citizens, in  a pack of rabid evil hyenas' clothing.
The only wolf in sheep's clothing is you and your Democratic cohorts. The sooner we vote you out of office the better we will be
Just like you chucky, you act all caring but you not. WHY DID THE DEMS MAKE IT WHERE YOU WERE EXEMPT FROM OBAMA CARE - YET NOT GOOD FOR YOU?
Chuck is old. We need term limits. Go away.
@HouseDemocrats @GOP @FoxNews Cryin Chuck, I think you got it in reverse. The Dem Party is a wolf in sheep's clothing.
Proud to have given you my vote Senator.  Keep fighting like hell. We are all counting on you.
I'm curious. Where is it written in the constitution that gov't is in charge of healthcare anyway.  You screw up most everything you touch!
Until Democrats take a stand against aborting a million babies a year, they can just shut up about the Republican Bill "killing people."
No, it's worse, they're hardly TRYING to hide how awful it is.
We call a wolf in sheeps clothing a Democrat.
YOU & YOUR CO-CONSPIRATORS ON BOTH SIDES ARE WOLVES IN SHEEP'S CLOTHING!
Schumer is the wolf; now exposed. Vote him out.
You are always crying wolf when you don't get your way.   150% fear mongering.
A wave of Americans are starting to recognize your posturing for what it is. Anger over your newfound loss  of power.
Exploiting sick and disabled people to exaggerate your lies is appalling. Democrats need a new playbook. That trick is old and doesn't work!
Better than putting lipstick on a pig aka Obama Care.
We want Single Payer!! Get off the Corporate Tit and start fighting for poor and working Families of this Country!!
Why did you people fool with health care to start with? You all have screwed everyone starting with Ocare
Stick it Chucky where the sun doesn't shine
It is more like "The Empire Wore No Clothes "
the current Democrats are wolves, period.
This idiot (Schumer) you know who I meant, had 8 years to fix the health care and has imploded since. Instead of complaining he should help
Let the people decide if they like it or not as we did with Obama's plan. The fucking pass the thing.
Hard to say something like that Chuck when you and the democrats are the wolves.
And you're a douchbag in reading glasses
Liar
Dude, it is a wolf in regular wolf clothing.
WOW a Political Wolf Snitching on a Wolf
As proven in recent elections, no one believes what you or the Dems say anymore Chuck. Your party is dead. Get out of the way!
So help them make it better instead of just saying how bad it is. Common sense.
The wolf is not even bothering with the sheepskin. And his name is Mitch.
Can't be worst than the fool that lives in your skin
Chuck pretty sure it's a wolf in wolf clothing they're just gonna lie and describe it as a sheep
Crybaby chuck
Not true Schumer!  It's much better and more fair to the middle class! Schummer is another Anti America liberal Democrat.
It's not a wolf it's a gargoyle a snake a hyena a coyote all animals who eat carrion 
You must be talking about the crappy HC bill you passed.
Funny to see @SenMurray fighting to stay awake during your riveting diatribe.
Democrats are Enemies of the Republic and the Constitution delusional, socialist communist propagandists, economic slave makers, LOSERS!
Well, you corporate Dems know what sheep look like.
Are u actually speaking on obama care now
Warning:  Chuck is the Obstructionist-in-Chief.
and you didnt have a problem with medicaid reforms when the same thing was proposed by Clinton in the late 90s
this bill keeps part of obamacare & only gets rid of the worst parts of it. exchanges and subsidies are kept in this bill
I don't think that it's a wolf in sheep's clothing. It's pretty blatant now that it's finally out there. No surprises. You knew it would be.
You mean yourself
Promises made, promises broken. Ww'class conned, Wwc begging for more.Rallies of adulation for Dear Leader-sheep being led to the slaughter.
Better to be a wolf at the table than a sheep on it
Is that because it cuts out fraud and waste??
And you're a Teardrop in a Senators suit
Just STOP the histrionics. You're destroying our country. And don't insult ppl taking about nursing home costs. Been there.
so was the ACA remember???
What?? I appreciate the downplay, but it's a freaking Tyrannosaurus Rex in Wolf's clothing!
Is it even in clothing?
Crying Chuck,  ur a fast reader.
It's not #TrumpCare it's #BetterCare, as in you better not cry this time.
Better than a con artist in a suit at the podium
Please fight this. And continue fighting until it's dead. Thank you.
Please fight till the Obama care fails completely  so everybody will laugh you on out
And obamas wasn't?
Unbelievable you have been able to read, absorb and retain all the key points & compare  in such a short time. 142 pages minimum correct???
It's not that hard.  I posted key elements.
dont vote for the death healthcare bill
Chuck Schumer Show Boat and lying politician needs to go with Nancy but better they stay they will destroy dem party
It is not a wolf in sheeps clothing. It's a wolf, plain a simple. The Wolf didn't bother to get dressed
Here's Mitch delivering the Bill.
please explain why this is a tax cut for the rich.  Everyone says it but no one seems to explain why. Thanks
Just means that you want have to pay taxes on the money Russia gave you.
It is interesting to all replies from ppl that have not read or understand the bill.. just parroting what they hear!!
If anyone knows sheep it's you and your fellow democrats.
I don't think anyone sees a gentle lamb here.
STOP IT
Obamacare is the wolf
They don't support abortion under any circumstances but they don't want to pay for people born with medical needs that can't pay themselves
Must be losing your hand put a from the government
Assumptions...no handouts here its about the people born disabled the elderly that have nothing left those are the people that will be hurt
Not even - It's a pack of hyenas in wolves clothing...There is nothing that seems good about this mess.
You are a sheep in City Slicker clothing!
You're a #Schmuck in Senator clothing!
I want to hear from the 13 senators, that are SUPPOSED to be working FOR American citizens, why this bill was written to hurt old,young,poor
@FoxNews @nytimes @politico Corrupt opposition Democrats had their talking points ready 2 go B 4 they read the bill. Didn't Pelosi say that
You know that routine called resist no matter what!
And u sir are a senile lost cause in a suit
Knowing Obama Care did NOT cover rehab! One could say Obama care was trying to kill the poor with free pills to do it!
ACA did cover rehab.  Read the bill.
Actually Chuck Schumer is a wolf in sheep's clothing especially after the last 8 years and now all the money's gone thank you Chuck
You're a snake in old man clothing.
Republican message - Work for scraps, suffer silently & die out of sight.
Crying chuck if that's all you do is whine Chuck then maybe you should find another line of work because you're not doing anything there.
Why wasn't there a Dem senator w/ ADAPT protesters? All news cameras there as police took away people in wheelchairs-
Pot calling the kettle black?  Leave my money alone!!!   20 mm ppl should decide the fate of 300mm ppl.  Low taxes, lower HC costs.  #MAGA
What happened to the Congress having the same plan as the rest of us? I bet that is long gone in this poisonous bill
W H E R E      I S      Y O U R      P L A N  ?
And Obama Care is just sooo dandy.
Agenda driven for sure.
let's stop saying republicans on the right, dems on the left, let's go with republicans on right, dems on the wrong.
It's NOT #TrumpCare he hasn't SIGNED Anything! #Schumer #Pelosi #Reid #Democrats #ObamaCARE was #SIGNED BY all of YOU! No Debate or hearings
Talk about wolfes!!!
Sen Schumer, tell those you work with on health care, we want the same insurance those in CONGRESS and in the Senate have...nothing less!!!!
@CitizensFedUp @BeltwayPanda #Veterans Profit OVER Country NRA TeaParty Ryan/McConnell & Treasonous Trump MUST Go http://www.cc.com/video-clips/4nc2so/the-daily-show-with-trevor-noah-timothy-snyder---a-guide-to-maintaining-democracy-in--on-tyranny-?xrs=synd_TWITTER_20170528_908981598_The%20Daily%20Show_Image%20with%20LInk&linkId=37929582 …
 sore loser
#DonTCare will be @realDonaldTrump legacy for all eternity.
Screw it then. Keep your Obama care.
Ooh so scary
Rather than just bashing it what about concrete proposals to fix it
Somewhere in #America right now (D.C.) someone (#Schumer) has #Bad #Hairplugs they #Paid too much for & didn't get #enough #ObamaCare #KILLS
Warning, #cryinchuck FLOOD ZONE
Schumer, just one of the three stooges along with Warren and Pelosi need to retire, they are an embarrassment to the nation

And don't forget the average family was supposed to save 2,500 a year! Lower premiums and deductibles! Lol what a bunch of bull that was!
Not so much sheep's clothing as a torn, badly-fitting clown costume.
The Wealthcare bill is more like a fucking murder dragon wearing the pelts of wolves as a necklace
Lotta posturing- howz about some specifics? Oh that's right - your followers don't need them to be whipped into a frenzy 
It's not even in sheep's clothing. It's wearing snakeskin.
GOP has released the Deja Vu Act.
Dear Senator, if this bill goes through I will be quitting my insurance. This bill is UNCONSIONABLE! This WHOLE thing is BULLSHIT!
I've just read it! It almost made my brain explode! If it goes through I'm quitting my insurance. It would be cheaper to just pay as I go!
Go for it
the staus quo must stop: the number of insured or the cost of the preuims? SENETOR MCCANELL
So. Scary.  What can we do to help #trumpcare die?  #notmypresident #Resist
Run around screaming Russia with a vagina hat on,  then thank Pelosi for being such a great leader, and tell Bernie it's not fair.
Where's the Sheep's clothing?There is no softness about this bill-It is strait up EVIL-Unless you are Big$ you are screwed #LIningGOPPockets
Don't just talk about Medicaid.This bill takes away benefits from people w/employer-based ins. Back to lifetime caps & less coverage.
Just talked to Cornyn's office,Cathy. Texas will have "option" to end these things- and believe me- they will do it.
#CryinChuck who told Americans along with Pelosi "We gotta pass it so you can see what's in it"
I think there is a fair bit of fear mongering going on here!
You mean just like @TheDemocrats and the disaster that is #Obamacare
You mean like #Obamacare and #JonGruber who said it was built to fail for #SinglePayer?
Well. You're trying. It's a shame people aren't catching on to these fraudsters.
Schumer is the fraudster
U haven't even read it yet because it hasn't been released! What a liar u r! Rjus is why we r so sick of you!

You said you haven't seen it..... how do you know
WARNING: Schumer is full of *hit
WealthCare Chuck.
Uh I guess, if sheep looked like wolves in the first place
Here's what everyone is missing. The GOP didn't release this until after the special elections because they would have lost every election
Now that's a stretch...u base this conclusion on what, pray tell?
Common sense
Let these ignorant ass Trump supporters get with they voted for, dont save them
Thank u...we don't need saved. Trump is doing that from all of Obama's disasters as we speak.
Ryan is the biggest pussy Trump has grabbed against their will. Must be easier to bend over without a spine
I wonder if Bannon's liver replacement will be covered under Republicans new Healthcare plan...
