Is anyone else enjoying how BUSTED the Obama Admin is on this surveillance of Trump business?  Both hands and feet caught in the cookie jar.
I Love Winning   20 years of leftist policy's , going to disappear in 20 days. Make America Great Again
Well...........any comment on the Susan Rice story from you?  Guess not all you Dems are talking about everything but.......... 
.@SenSchumer @AlbanyLaw
One of the worst scotus appointments ever.
Brilliant is a clearly stretch, activist  is more like it

first I though Kagan, who never sat on the bench or issued an opinion but somehow was confirmed. Go figure.....
What a leftist she is, has no clue what working hard for a living is.
Come On Senator Schumer, get with the program. #ConfirmGorsuch #ObamaGate #SURVEILLANCE #LEAKING #draintheswamp  #DeepState #WitchHunt
#SusanRice fall out must be addressed by #DOJ And #FBI. What Susan did must be addressed and investigated. Enough is Enough. #Tatiana
Another paid Putin's troll. But now easy to see them. Normal pple dont repeat lies. Rice did legally, and it was her job duty 2 look into.
Brilliant legal mind, my butt!! 
Wow! #SusanRice #unmasked #Trump officials.  #Tatiana
These Putin's trolls now don't even bother to choose English names.
Neil Gorsuch is just as brilliant as you well know!
Activist judges are not great legal minds as much as they are political hacks. Your type of folks Chuckie.
And next week we shall be able to hear from the newest #SCOTUS brilliant mind, Judge Gorsuch!!
Another corrupt pick by Obama, he filled two Supreme Court Spots with partisan lawyers who don't care about the law.
"Brilliant" because she shares your political views?  So typical.  #BullSchumer
Don't surrender, block this bastard! We r watching! If nuclear option launched, it would be good in the future! 2018!!!
,I have follow for the last 12 yrs,you are a great Senator of New York. I am a New Yorker and a fan.
She needs to go!
Who is more qualified for the SC - far left Kagan, far left Sotomayor or moderate Gorsuch?  I will wait for your answer.
Sen Schumer are you buying Obama's new Book " How I Destroyed America with Chuck Schumer " OOPS  Publication stop enter President Trump
You mean brilliant Liberal mind. Very little to do with the law or the Constitution.
doesn't hold a candle to Gorsuch
Soto mayor overrated look who nominated her low life OBAMA
She's Brilliant?
Hannity: Senate Dems' hypocrisy on full display over Gorsuch

oh you mean the justice that despite incredible liberal bias republics voted because it was the respectful thing to do...
I thought you were introducing Justice Gorsuch
Was she filibustered, Chuckie Obstructionist? Can't wait to get to the bottom of the Susan Rice debacle. Did it for Obama, for sure.
Oh please.  Sotomayor is a jurist with half a blind fold on.  Decides based on how she feels that day, ignoring written law.
Brilliant legal mind, whatever your smoking why dont you share it... Brilliant LOL....
Yes, remember Republican Congress helped her receive the highest office in the land. They weren't as partisan as you, they were fair!
According to who?
Second only to Gorsuch, DO YOUR JOB CONFIRM HIM NOW
She's a libtard just like yourself.…
Is she going to teach them how to legislate from the bench?
Preface that with social justice Justice not aConstitutionalist!
While you try to deny another brilliant legal mind from serving.  The REAL bottom line is you're a bunch of crybaby LOSERS!
has never made an intelligent ruling yet, total wast.of tax money!!!!
Whirling dervish.
I'm excited that your stupidity is now being made known to EVERYONE. Obastard for prison.
Oh you mean the one that wanted to hit Scalia with a baseball bat.  She's crazy libtard.
Don't change the subject clown.  #SusanRice
TRUMP IS PRESIDENT. GET OVER IT.  AMERICANS ARE FED UP WITH DEMOCRATS. AMERICA FIRST.
But not too excited to talk about Susan Rice? WTF, you Dems are so full of crap.
So you think Bartiromo is a brilliant legal mind? I thought she was into business stuff.
Partisan political hack in a black robe
Just remember this is what you'd of done if tables were turned.
In 2016, Harry Reid on future filibuster of SCOTUS nominee: 'I’ve set that up.' http://ow.ly/Xtz830axcL0 
Yeah like nominee Gorsuch. Another brilliant legal mind and honorable judge who is going to vote for change that US citizens want to see
#ConfirmGorsuch #NuketheDems
What a Punch in the gut to America . Lowest point in American History. She made the Constitution CRY
As Admin Dir of NDNY-FCBA, I can't wait to hear #SCOTUS Tuesday night.
Wow, they get to hear from Maria Bartaromo!  I like her too, Chuckie.
Embarrassed to have you as my Senator...Oh,wait a sec,your NOT my Senator
Were there any protesters there, those let her speak ?
The country &  Supreme court needs more statesman/ women like her who works for the people and not for their own grandizment.
Schmuck, how's it going? NEVER MOND...... YOU and Your party DONT MATTER !!! LMFAO 
AMERICA now is COMPLETELY convinced DEMOCRATS are ANTI-AMERICAN. Your party is DEAD .
Do mainstream nominees assault women? Tick tock, no apology. History will show you as a woman abuser.
BARF!!!
Chuck your such a creep when you talk!
Had higher hopes for you Chuck. Filibuster #gorsuch is  a weak move.
Thank you for voting against Gorsuch and voting for the American people. I wish republicans would put the people over party too.
Republicans voted for her and NO FILIBUSTER!
@SenSchumer  would you say the same if it was Clarence Thomas speaking? Just curious....
Don't forget your box of tissues @SenSchumer
This is the judge who applies the law through her filter of being a Latina woman. Apparently, Lady Justice peaks under the blindfold.
As a citizen I want answers from the GOP members of Congress! Why did you steal a SCOTUS seat and lie to the voters about the reasons?
Sotomayor will be there, too. Who else is speaking?
I thought you like mainstream SC justices. This liberal loon is anything but.

Not as brilliant as Neil Gorsuch
Chucky, you are so funny
You are such a brown nosing politician Chuck. You should have done more to stop your party from a filibuster. Democrats will regret it .
Brilliant like Gorsuch you mean Chuck? Vote him him in and move on so him and Soto can decide cases.
You are done me chuckle go away already #susanrice #SusanFriedRice #ObamaGate #ObamaWiretapLeaks
Hey! Lol. I don't care for @chuckschumer but I'm from Albany.
Sorry to hear Sotomayor will be polluting your fine city.
Lol. Hey you said it. Better and nicer than I could.
....yeah, that GOP confirmed despite political differences...too bad u aren't able to put what's right before politics....shame on u!
BRONX girls (ha!) rule. Literally.
Chuck Schumer is a saboteur against America, our elected officials and our values --- he WILL be held accountable !!
You are the best Chuck!  I am so happy the stupid Dem Filibuster  will soon be gone and Pres. Trump can get his agenda passed. MAGA
If your talking about the person on the right, I don't know who that is. You certainly can't be talking about Sotomayor.
Neil Gorsuch is on equal ground as a brilliant legal mind.  You're just too obstinate to admit that.
And someday, they will get to hear the brilliant mind of the newest Justice, once you stop lying and playing your petty games.
I hope the @GOP throws a curve ball at you by using the nuclear option to install Judge Bill Pryor.  #MAGA
Sotomayor is far more liberal than Gorsuch is conservative. U DISCUST me; however!! U just ensured more seats for Republicans in 2018!!!
Only Chucky would think a racist could be a "brilliant legal mind".
Democrats will Not Allow PUTIN To Appoint A Judge To The SCOTUS THROW THE BUMS OUT SCREAM BLOODY MURDER AMERICA
Wow....the Democrats sure brainwashed you.
You got that right. She must have had extra Kool-aid
