Yeah where have you been about Chicago??? Mums been the word from you
the most important thing for good Government is for the so called leaders to get out of the way especially YOU!
And you did what exactly when O was Pres and you controlled both houses ....? #guncontol
I'm sure your body guards are armed?? But that's none of my business
Ya you have looked a little dead lately Chuckie.  Consider your first responsibility is to get something done with your colleagues.
Nope
Thy shall not kill blame those that removed these words from the public
Passing  gun laws is not going to keep pple safe.  It's pple that kill.  Not guns. 
We will all come to your house and put us n bubble !?
The US already has a history of banning the most vulnerable - "Negros" whether slave or free- from owning guns.

http://www.old-yankee.com/rkba/racial_laws.html …
You know who couldn't own guns in Nazi Germany? Jews.
So glad I voted for the candidate who voted for gun control.
https://twitter.com/OmarOmian/status/915218902757470208 …
If it's pathetic than why don't you have an actual counter argument. Your response is pathetic
Why should responsible gun owners be punished because we don't have comprehensive background checks?
how do you do that when what you really want is a ban & then we will be defenseless. will you require police to have a legal duty to protect
u know too make the us safer vote all dem out of office
The first duty of the government is stay out of our business. We'll keep ourselves safe. 2A keeps us safe from the government.
SENATOR CHECK THOSE WHO HAVE MULTIPLE ASSAULT WEAPONS AND ARE TIED TO GAMBLING OR CRIMINALS!  WHERE THEY CAN BE BOUGHT!
Remember that when it comes to sanctuary city's
You’re against proper vetting, guns, what else?
Says the guy who won't enforce fed law on the border and allows victimization of Americans by foreign criminals!
Congress keeps only the wealthy's money & interests safe; not doing its job.Need a referendum to decide healthcare and gun control choices.
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled don't care American families and democratic care about them self only
Hell of a job you're doing in Chicago.
Careful Chucky... they may investigate you for Communist Party affiliations...
Good point Chuck, build the wall!
Safe, yes. Controlling,no.
You are part of that government. You have opposed every legislation the @POTUS tried to get passed to keep us safe. You are the problem.
So you will be speaking out for the  #AbortionBan
That doesn't mean taking their guns. Government has no right to make decisions for its citizens.
Hypocrite!
SENATOR I AM SORRY ABOUT LAS VEGAS I DID SAY THEY WILL ALTER PLANS! INCREASE SECURITY ON ALL  CROWDED EVENTS!
I think when YOU introduce a bill that POLITICIANS ARE GOING TO GIVE UP SOME THINGS, we will THEN LISTEN.


We wish you wouldn't speak at all
That's right. Build the wall
So let's build a wall and implement a travel ban for immigrants that are out there to kill us.
.@SenSchumer @realDonaldTrump don't let a-holes out of prison on good behavior or let illegal crims back in country 2 commit more crimes.
That doesn't mean stripping them of rights.
How about keeping Unborn Babies of this Country Safe????
Please also save the chips program. 9 million children are at risk.
You’re SUCH an expert - NOT!
Tell that to Stalin Mao Poi Pot Hitler etc Those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it
How will you protect me chucky?   You want to disarm the law abiding.  What would you have done to stop niece France.  80+ dead.
Be a lot safer when yer gone chuck. Only thing we wanna hear u say live is yer resignation.
You're right, ... build the wall and destroy our enemies.
I guess Chucky there forgot,  the man who murdered all those people was a DEMOCRAT
B.O. was clueless.  Glad @realDonaldTrump has got you straightened out on that Chuck.
Spoken by someone who wants to flood our streets with people who chant death to America
All we want to watch is you step down from office.  You and your agenda are anti-American
I prefer a colonoscopy
Why aren't you in PR..all we hear is your hot air.  Time to work
Sorry you in no position to help but cause division #votechuckout
Oh God. Give us a break Chuckie.
Well then let’s build that wall.
I don't know where you've been, but we have been "Good Gov't" in a while.@SenSanders @SenKamalaHarris @SenBooker
Then why did you let CIA make up obama and he is responsible for Benghazi 4 and you do nothing.  Practice what you preach
How about the unborn Chuck?  Would you be pro life if they killed babies with an AR?
Since when up our people have been second or even third concern of our government. But illegals have been a top priority for quite some time
-Then why do let in illegal aliens, and Muslims who want to harm us & take our guns away?!
NOTHING YOU SAY OR DO WOULD STOP SOMEONE BENT ON BREAKING A LAW. YOU ARE REMOVING MY RIGHTS. AND YOU DON'T CARE.
Agreed so why are you against the wall and travel bans?  #liberalHippocratic
Alert: The first duty of good government is to vote fetid grandstanding do nothings , obstructionists exactly like you out of office !
If that's true, Trump and his cohorts are killing us. Who will protect us now? Ya'll don't seem to ever care who gets killed.
Talk is cheap!
The first duty of government is to uphold its laws.  Not pick and choose those you like.
To bad I don’t follow ur own advice. U r only worried about keeping ur power. Stop ur false narratives. Stop bullying ur Colleagues.
#GunControlNow
If you wanted to keep Americans safe in America you would re-evaluate your position on gun control.  You and other Dems would support CCW.
No chucky. The first duty of government is to make sure the citizens can keep themselves safe.
All your laws and phony promises could have done nothing to stop the Las Vegas killing, nothing and you know it!
Come on Chuckie! You know that you, Democrats and Deep State planned this shooting just so you could try and take our guns away!!!
Wish I could have caught it, Chucknuts. There was an Abbott and Costello film festival on @ the time Much more beneficial 2 learn from them
If that's true then why do Libs always want to cut the Defense Budget? No you want to take guns away from ;law abiding Americans. @FoxNews
@bells110 
You're wrong. 
The first duty of government is the protect the rights of the people. 
And you want to take them away.

Waahh
Defund planned parenthood
Then build wall.
BUILD THAT WALL!
The only way YOU and YOUR ILK wish to keep us safe is through POLICE STATE ACTIONS AND TACTICS
Your only job is to uphold the Constitution, it is the PRIVATE CITIZEN'S DUTY to keep themselves safe
Start by stop preaching hate against GOP and funding Antifa then. Dems are the shooting of Scalise and Vegas, Paddock a democrat
Chuck Schumer policy is Open Borders , amnesty for 10 million , sanctuary cities ,over tax working class , take our guns and Obama care .
However, this Congress & this WH have ignored this duty in deference to the pro-gun lobby, & organizations like NRA. $$$ greater than duty!
Dems with no vision or plans. Obstruct is all you can doe best
So why don't u focus on that instead of getting into every other aspect of our lives!
And here I thought it was to protect freedoms.
Does this extend to healthcare?
Maybe address how American lives are more important than NRA scores. Your R colleagues seem to be confused. Thanks!
What makes us think that “we the people” have the mental capacity to own military style weapons?
But u want open borders! Can’t have it both ways Chuckles
I'd rather see your character from SNL talk
Finally someone admits congress fails to keep us safe because NRA wants to get richer. Tired of all the grifters
Heard in DC ... Sen Schumer will run for President.
He plans to lie and cry next July.
Oh my, oh my.
Start with sanctuary cities Chuckles. Your party is more interested in protecting illegal criminals.
Are "ones people " American citizens? Or the refugees u want to bring here u said had to keep safe? Chucky you're such a politician!
When do we get GOOD government? @SenSchumer rating in toilet. Stop obstructing and resisting our @POTUS with useless self serving games?
Hmmm interesting, sch. your concern has been more about resistance and obstruction lately. #MAGA @SenSchumer resign
YOU'VE MOVED YOUR VIEWERSHIP CHUCK TO NFL STATUS: We have turned you off sir!
Yes and you have done everything in you're power to fight any common sense leadership to do so! What a flat out liar!
Just a little reminder in case you forgot.
Please, please don’t demean yourself or our nation by using this awful tragedy for cheap political theater, Chuck.
Stay away from the gun issue!!
Is that after your party incites hate & violence or before Chucky?
So then why do you support  lax immigration laws???
Number of unarmed civilians killed by governments in the 20th century alone:  262 million.  Let that sink in.
Then pass gun control legislation NOW.
Not the duty of government to infringe upon ones rights regardless. Governments job is to protect our rights! #2A
To comply with that statement u must stop daca Disavow antifa control borders no sanctuary 4 illegals put America & citizens FIRST
then why is islam not banned in america.why are illegals ok.why are demorats & liberals allowed to break laws.why punish lawful americans..
Oh yes like Benghazi?
You're correct for once Schummer. Therefore, I'll keep my guns in order to protect myself, so government can butt out!
Saul Alinsky, “Rules for Radicals" being used here by the Democrats.  Never let a good crisis go to waste
Save it Chuck Sewer. Nobody cares about the propaganda you are about to spew.
...American People
Most Americans favor sensible/common sense gun control. Tell republicans against it to stop working for the NRA and start working for the...
Don't know why you want to give up your freedom?
Hmmm, isn't that what Trump is trying to do with the Wall and immigration policy?

Your not helping
But you helped cover up Waco
yes, and u have done so well w immigration!
What about unborn children's safety, Chuck?
Chuckie. But you support Planned Parenthood with $580mm when they eliminate any chance for life? Heard of social services or adoption?
So let me guess.... collect all of the guns?
They can have mine but ammo first.
Our safety has always been compromised by poor gun control but now it is globally compromised under this POTUS
Gun control is a massive fraud and failure. Criminals don't care about laws.
So why does it work in other countries? 

…http://26t4l93f9dhe439yxm286lpv.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/Graph-1.png …
No that is the individuals responsibility. Govt is never the answer. Ask Chicago
Are you banning trucks guns and Muslims. Most common used tools in mass murder today.
"You never let a serious crisis go to waste" - the new democratic tag line brought to be Rahm E.
Well the "Good Government" part leaves you and your cronies out
The tourists need to ACT and #BoycottGunStates until those states change their laws!
Always the liberal way. Boycott! Everyone gets hurt in a boycott.
No, Better the "conservative" way: Everyone gets shot dead. #BoycottGunStates
Not if you have a gun.
oh wow. Great solution. Really helped the people in Las Vegas
Funny that was not the priority  when an embassy in Benghazi was overrun, but of course that ruined Obama's narrative for re-election
None of this makes sense.  I lost my sister to gun violence.  If not now, WHEN?!?
The only people that will watch anything you say will be yourself and  other resistance communist terrorist group hope George Soros pays you
Not everyone does FB. There needs to be multiple venues.
Agreed. I rarely enter FB. It always makes me sad. Strange.
Several friends say they’d like to end participation in FB for same reason, but it would distress family, etc. So glad I refused “friends.”
The operative word being 'good'. Any rational person knows we don't have a good gov. Not since, well, EVER.

Lead by example and travel with unarmed guards.
How about north Korea? Missle defense system is a joke
Ugh.   No thanks!
Wow! The ignorance of some & the evil of some democrats! Hitler controlled guns. Chuck you can't protect anyone, you just want the Control!
We have reached the time where we are no longer safe! It’s time 4 all 2 accept living each day is a risk! Nothing will b done 2 control guns

Oh, you're going to request truck control?
Freedom of assembly is a critical right and trumps unchecked gun ownership
Buy a gun and protect yourself. Most libs have probably never held or fired a gun. Guns are not to be feared except by bad guy.
Be ever so careful if you start that gun agenda of yours only democrats need to have guns taken since they are the ones going nuts
Ah, more Lies from Cryin @SenSchumer
Good glad to hear you support the wall
I thought for liberals it was ignore the Constitution
Gee, in govt your whole life, you can't get healthcare right.  How are you going to legislate against evil.  Just go away.
The second thing is pass legislation. I'll speak on that as well.
@SpeakerRyan not good govt doesnt care if people safe a monster shuts down legit debate? #BloodOnRyansHands
Please don't!
don't listen to him y'all he's full of shit.
Don't forget to condemn White terror attack
you do that chuckie
We need more then just talk the people are looking for action taking place asap
https://twitter.com/OmarOmian/status/915218902757470208 …
Like this!
#FAKENEWS
Real news
I would go with gardens of poppy before land mines...gotta step up your game..
Thanks for your support!

