Let's pass that travel ban build, the wall and take the first step in the right direction right Chuck?
WRONG
These Islam People Is that like These black people or these Mexican people. Not I'm not going to blame a while race for the actions of a few
I know what I said You're still labeling and blaming a religion to try and make your case  A few can make it bad for the whole still wrong
Since you wanna call out Islam. It's a few using it to defend their actions
First thing to fight hate and intolerance is get rid of you!
BULLY CHUCKY SCHUMER - Remember the 49!!  When you say our promise to fight hate and intolerance, who are you talking about ??
Bet you and the media are still trying to figure out the "motivation" behind the slaughter, aren't you?
more horse shit from the shit monger
Why don't you start representing the people that put you in your office and stop wasting your time
Lier you have hate going thru your vains.
But you keep wanting to import the very hate and intolerance that caused their deaths. How is that honoring them?
You are hate and intolerance! Don't you know that?
But the cause of their deaths, the motives of their murderer, apparently are ALL TOO EASY for you to forget. #RadicalIslamicTerrorism
Your party is the party of hate and intolerance
Democrats are the poster child for HATE and INTOLERANCE!
It would be great sir if you and all your colleagues would tone down the rhetoric!
These days the Democrats/Liberals lead the world in hate and intolerance and u can ad violence as well.
Then go hard after Radical Islamic Terrorists!
It was not simple hate and intolerance. It was jihad.
U better approve the TRAVEL BAN because Ur pet projects HATE LGBTs!Sharia says U can't chg a Muslim with murder if they kill a non believer!
How about the 4 men killed in Benghazi, Chuckie? U and the Dems have forgotten since day one they were killed, and how about the millions of
Amen 
What kind of action, exactly, Chuck? 1st action should be for u stop obstructing-let the pres do what he's got to do to protect OUR citizens
You need to wake up! The president is getting us deeper and deeper in turmoil! He's a dictator! Who wants to live like that?
http://www.dictionary.com/browse/dictator?s=t …

Maybe look up the definition of what a dictator is before throwing around that word like it's going out of style.
Why are you suddenly preaching? You never cared before. Looking for votes?
You spew more hate & intolerance than anyone else! #chuckthehipocrite
that flag lacks other COLORS!
CHUCK WILL SAY ANYTHING TO GET VOTES
Build the wall stop moslems from entering are great Country
Then help President Donald Trump build the wall and stop Muslims from coming to America 
Babies that have been killed. U Dems r murderers.
What about the hate and intolerance of Christians who obey God, not you or the immoral?
#rememberthe49 was an act of Islamic terrorism. The truth seems to be light years away from you.
But you still won't call it Islamic terrorism. Coward. Fake lying politician. Shame on you.
A Radical Islamic Terrorist caused this. Repeat after me, Chucky. A Radical Islamic Terrorist.
Hate and intolerance is only part of your hateful platform You and you party are coddling the ilk that that does this to people
Stick it Chucky just stick it Chucky Americans can't stand people who lie and doesn't work for the betterment of our country so look stickit
REALLY?!?  Then why are you not showing it by working to keep Americans safer?  Obstructing does not honor anyone, shows intolerance. #MAGA
You are the face of hate and intolerance!
Radical Islamic TERROR attack. A horrific event that should have never happened-because the @FBI KNEW about him. Thank you James Comey.
Well, one person seems to be forgotten. The Islamic jihadist who did this. You and your ilk have done a hell of a job whitewashing reality.
Still-you will not call the perpetrator a radical Islamic terrorist. Just a simple shooting (damn NRA) by a misunderstood middle eastern boy
Who killed them Schumer?  U who's all for open borders
And Chucky vows to bring in millions more LGBT killer each year to get rid of all of U. So make sure U have death insur. up to date
Then stop supporting the sharia pricks that want to kill them.
What have you done to fight radical Islamic terrorism?
Sad you don't react to who is responsible for killing these people and act accordingly to help see it doesn't happen again
You hate Trump. You are in tolerant of the voters man dates that he is trying to fulfill.
Seriously? From you? You are a major breeder of the hate and intolerance!
it seems the #WashingtonPost and many in the #MSM have forgotten that these folks were murdered by a #RadicalIslamicTerrorist
So young!
Hay chuck what action? Have to do more than open your big mouth
Schumer these people are dead because you failed to prevent their death because you spend more time trashing Trump then caring why they died
@Schumer put action behind your words. 
Stand up for Americans, stop the obstruction #MAGA #drainthedeepstate #draintheswamp
#Persist
Funny since the left is the ones causing the hate and division.
Just a bunch of worthless talk from a worthless politician.
Democrats policy created this terrorist attack by not protecting Americans
Yet you still support and promote Islamic Terror!
We're supposed to forget that the democrat party was the party of slavery, Jim Crow and segregation right, Chuck?
how about radical Islam Chuck??
#SethRichMurder ?
It's time to add LGBTQ Protections to the Federal Civil Rights Act. Every time I travel outside Maryland, I face Hate + Bigotry.
Let's not forget Bengazi Boston etc.
Prayers for Orlando and continued healing.
Chuck your needed in North Korea go at once very high levels of radiation accident take a few democrats with you !! and my you rest in piece
You fake cry yet vote troll by not passing the Obama travel ban again
How are you fighting hate you A-hole?  Those were OUR citizens, brothers and sisters killed by hateful cult, U continue to allow into USA!
Yes another win for Obama and the democrats war on terror
You wont forget a lgtbq. Yet u remain silent on 140 officers murdered
Pander much?
Your perpetuating the hate but that's your legacy now when we look back everyone will see you for who you are #investigateschumer
You will never forget by bringing THOUSANDS more jihadist's into the Country???
Empty words chuvk you want to bring more Shira law terrorists into our country they want to kill Gays when will you start to protect usa
You are hate and intolerance
@IvankaTrump This is what real viciousness looks like.
You are a #Democrat, ChuckYou - you SPREAD hatred daily and divide the nation.
Do you forget the names and faces of the women you assault while the media covers for you. Sick, sick man.
Fix it by not obstructing
Best honor All America vote Schumer out do a recall . Any bets he does Soros's bidding not voters.
Radical Islamic terrorist that is what it is called.  Funny how Muslims attack the very people that want them here
@SenSchumer what are the Senate Dems doing to block healthcare bill? Why are Dems quiet?!? #ACArepeal #Healthcare #Resistance
But you will let it happen again by opposing Trump
WERE ARE ARE YOUR TEARS FOR THE MURDERS BY A TERRORIST ITS NOT HATE IT WAS  ISIS THE VERY PEOPLE YOU SYMPATHIZE WITH,
You ain't doing shit to try and prevent from happening again...... actions are louder than words
How can you talk about hate when all you do is cause hatred in the world
ur a coward too worried about ur future in congress so ur empty words n promises r noted. Change is coming. TERM LIMITS.
there would be no victims if you and your hate squad didn't stop surveillance of radical Muslims for votes.
FBI investigated. Not a terrorist. A nut job. 
Still allowed to purchase an automatic weapon. 
In FLORIDA. @FLGovScott @SenBillNelson @GOP
If you don't have a gun you can't fight back. Islam is looking to take over. Killing Jews and gays is in the Koran.
Who is the hate comin from. Let me guess fire arms. Couldn't be radical part of Islam could it. U don't see Christians killing n name of God
To fight hate and intolerance the first step is to identify it
Just a thought: when we move from urging "tolerance" to practicing ACCEPTANCE, we'll be making progress. I've said this for decades now...
Resist those full of hate, don't call someone with a gun when hate visits you. Just stand there and call them homophobic and resist
If that is so Mr Schumer, why do you fight Pres Trump's travel ban?  
TRUMP's WAY IS THE ONLY WAY !!!
Bernie Sanders said for Progressives to take over the Democratic Party. Viva La Bernie! Viva Los Progressives! Resist Democrats NOW!
Chuck, this was a "terrorist" attack, what America needs is a real leader, DONALD TRUMP! America d/n need Your empty words, u r so impotent!
Seriously Chuck. I haven't seen any action out of the Democratic Party unless it's to attack conservatives or suppress @POTUS.
Btw neither seems to be working
please resign now
I had blissfully forgotten them until you all came up with these soggy remembrances.
Another self serving ass hat who has NO respect for America. If you dod you would stop crying and support our president on making us safe.
Fight who?
On your hands!@SenSchumer
: Trump is doing a good imitation of  Kim Jong Un. Congress really needs to consider the 25 Amendment as Trump is unbalanced.
You represent the party of hate and intolerance.
Breaking: Chuck is Dems worst panderer! 
Puppet imitation of Harry Reid but with less influence &dead support.When he comments Dems cringe
Honor them with action? Really? REALLY?You've done NOTHING to assist in the prevention of future terrorist attacks. You're a fraud. #fakeSen
yet you welcome those that will bring Sharia law to our towns and neighborhoods?gays will continue to be slaughtered by Muslims
Libtards, the only true intolerant folks around
says the Mercer bot
Remember when Loretta Lynch tried to hide the killer was Muslim
Hate and intolerance by who Chuck...
Can you have the intestinal fortitude to say what drove the murderer to do it?
Radical Islam ideology.
Why aren't any democrats referring to what happened as terrorism???
.@SenSchumer By "hate & intolerance" I assume you mean "Radical Islam".
That's right we need to stop terrorists before they get a chance to act
By letting in millions of people who hat LGBT's and Christians, Jews, and manly Americans
So 2 honor them, your plan is 2 keep borders open and allow more terrorists into our country that want 2 kill members of the LGBT community
If Trump Fires Mueller as Special Prosecutor, Senate and House should appoint him Head of the long overdue Independent Investigation Group
You dishonor them.
Right ... as you support Muslims and sanctuary cities ... you are such a hypicrite
We best honor them by ensuring that the ideology responsible for their deaths finds no haven in this country.
You're such a joke. A hippocrite.
Isn't he pathetic?
Keep this in mind as @SenSchumer tells you how dedicated to your safety he is that he absolutely would deny your right to defend yourself.
"We're going to fight hate and intolerance by emigrating more of it than you've ever seen in your life. Sleep tight, suckers."
Go away!we are taking this party over.
This is the first sensible words out of your mouth in a very long time. Good4 U and our hearts pain for the lives lost at pulse nightclub
Where are your fake tears?
There is no action coming from you other than lying & obstruction!  The TERRORISTS and your party are the ones that hate and are intolerant!
Ok seriously Chuck how could you leave out fighting Islamic extremism and terrorism from that statement? Why do libs refuse 2 acknowledge?
They want the Muslim vote they always prop up who they want votes from they have no other objectives or platform, $$$$
Chuck it's your fault them people are dead don't try to play like it wasn't
Really so why don't u support the Presidents ban on these illegal muslim terrorists that committed this hate crime U permit them in America
Islamic terror
Fight? Your words are empty pal. You would not know Fight even if it busted you in your lying face.
That includes fighting you Schumer. You are part of the people that has caused death and heartaches to those that gave their lives. Schumer!
Exactly
Finally something positive out of your mouth
This was a horrible tragedy. Speak out against the perpetrator and the ideology behind it! That is how you can honor them!!!
Never happen with schumer or foul mouth democrats
Hate, intolerance, a little bit of extremist islamist mixed in. Did you know they hate LGBT??
Yet, you want to disarm ppl? So, how many more namesmust we mourn and remember?
He wants the immigrants and the poor votes. Obviuosly they are smarter then him!
Hey @SenSchumer do you remember the 3,000? Enough words, how about some real action.
Thank you Senator Schumer
Stand up against it!!! Honoring is empty. Do something!!
Religion of who shot them up?
You seem to have forgotten to include radical Islamic terrorism, especially it's the cause of the loss of 49 souls.
Sunday, 6/12/16, UCLA @UCLALambda marched to honor Orlando and Gay rights! "Never forget Orando"!
Just go away Chucky's we know the Democrats are in destruction mode of their own party and you're the cause of it!
I don't approve of same sex perverts lifestyle but had no right to be gun down like they were. The Government failed.
What action are you proposing?
#StandTogether
Only love can conquer hate
I'm one of those bleeding heart pacifists but I understand many people have good reasons to believe as you do.
As a nurse I've spent years keeping people alive so that's why. Have a lovely day
