that's great but resistance is not working
Chuckles you and the rest of the country know the children will never be turned away... so knock off the crap!!!
Are providers expected to work for free? They won't and can't...so kids will be turned away.
No they won't and never have ever, and Trump hasn't taken anything coverage away, Ocare has collapsed the ins. Co.s are pulling out,
Only because republicans pushed them out
There will be across state line competition and no more drug lobbyists paying off DC. Rates are going to drop way down for everyone.
Without the subsidies those sick kids are screwed but at least the republicans will save money for the wealthy tax cuts!
So if The republicans fix healthcare and unemployment are you still going to hate them?
I don't hate anyone but employment was already fixed.  And they are doing squat to fix healthcare except cut sick children out. Cruel
The children break my heart
These are 94% of the patients my medical group treats. They will always be dependent on medicare/Medicaid.
Yes and they need health care
More than you can possibly imagine. and the games that keep getting played has some ugly ramifications to include having to place a child
Correct they need it.. 25 year old healthy Americans who stay at home and play video games don't.
And I get the impression they are only concerned with the healthy 25 year old whos does nothing...it becomes an excuse.
Children are never turned away there are many hospitals that offer free medical services. They r not there to use as pOlitical pawns
But if you like your doctor you can't keep your doctor. #lies
Come on he didn't know that because he had to pass the bill to see what was in the bill...
Exactly
Chuck Schumer fights 4 nobody but his own Pockets him and the rest of them huge corrupt joke Chuck Schumer's now on Obamacare is exempt
You ain't fighting for sh&t!!!
While simultaneously looking the other way as Trump, GOP and Team Treason ravage the country side
You just can't get through one day without lying! Shame on you for your obstruction!
Leave it to scheming chuck schumer to always invite a photo opportunity, then when photo is taken these people never see him again
Photo ops r always useful tool of the trade for deceivers
Put your big boy panties on and go the hell to work for the American people and stop acting like the schoolyard bully.
Typical phony politician.
So did you coach the families on what to say? You know...like MSM is coached on the lies they spew?
thank you.
Photo op!
We can blame hate spewing, race-baiting DemocRats such as Schumer and his minions for the shootings in DC last week.
Correction its the GOP that spew and incite hate
Yea it's been the republicans shooting people, attacking protesters, wearing masks so no one can identify them.constantly attacking our Pres
What fight?? R u talking about #resist where all the DEMS sit on their A##ES all day and do nothing?  Helluva fight.
What about all the millions Obamacare screwed where are they
What are you doing Chucky except bitching, what is your proposal?
So the rest of the country goes without health care, so a few who will never contribute to society can have health care. That's not right.
Your a fake chunky millions of Americans are hurting with the failing Obama care get with the program it's your you keep losing
Communist Propaganda, go to Cuba.
Translation- Democrats exploits children, as usual, for political gain.
@CNN the worst station I have ever seen and am stuck seeing their faces when other real news shows what they say
That's great Chuck.  Are these kids the only kids who deserve healthcare? Cause what we had was not healthcare it was catastrophe insurance
Photo op only. You don't care about people in America just what Soros tells you to care about.
STOP THE MADNESS!!
Chuck love that you are using sick kids to benefit politically but please rembr the word FIGHTING implies to CRAZY DEMS the wrong message
What a liar U R! OBAMACARE IS ROTTING OFF TGE VINE!
You are not the least concerned about them. Quit pretending you are. Nothing more then a overpaid hypocrite
they need 4 U to vote 4 the Repeal and Replace Healthcare. More people lost their insurance under Obamacare . Help these kids ! Vote yes!
Your a card Schumer
Sounds sugar sweet.  Now stop the politician corruption of $ laundering & help us all!
I don't have a problem with supporting new borns as long as it's fair equal just & transparent....& I am staying out of this "CUSTODY BATTLE
@AnnCoulter    Unfortunate props...schumer politics at its lowest.
-when politicians set up fake photo shoots to convey fake concerns to get their way #babyhuey 
You will never be able to shame, humiliate, or embarrass a person like Chuck Schumer. We can only make him more of a political failure.
He's fighting against health care, MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN AND AMERICA  FIRST
But when Trump does this kind of thing, you call them "pawns"
No you are not. You are fighting for re election. You don't give a shit about those kids or you would work with the GOP to improve the bill
Tell them to get off the government teat and fend for themselves, like the rest of us have to do!  No one pays my bills for me.
There broken kids.
All your doing Chuck is wasting money. 20 million on a failed election how many fragile kids would have benefited from that.#Losers
How much did you pay them to pose for the photo?
using kids for ur agenda!! how low will u go?! NO Physician would ever not treat a child or anyone else for that matter they have conscience
Stop using them as a political tool...Shame on you!
Thank you, especially in this climate, it's important those children and families have support 
And that support will not come from obstructionist schumer
Thank you
You care about Chuck and the Liberal obstructionist party !  Stop the BS photo Opps
Did they get to keep their doctors and their health plan under Obamacare? Oh wait that was a lie
You will never help anyone with socialism there Chuckie
Obama care has failed them...
Dems should draft an infrastructure bill using the money the GOP wants to give the 1 percent of tax breaks. Dems only bitch
Why,, GOP is going to pass the bill
You rock @SenSchumer . You and @SenFeinstein are the only politicians I believe now.
Me too....its sad because GOP is sticking it to us
Nah! Y'all are doing that all by urselves
Just zoomed your face CHUCKY CHEESE. That's a fake forced smile if I ever saw one. You can't stand being there...your expression says it all
Senator Schumer we need you and Dems to show what a repair and fix of the ACA would look like.   Please use this moment to show people.
Of course we are, that's why we need the new American affordable healthcare act. @realDonaldTrump
Oh please!!!  The only thing you're fighting for is your political party!  You're not fooling anyone!  OBSTRUCTIONIST!
Ty so much for mtg w/ these families & advocating for our kids. Their lives depend on #ACA & #Medicaid. #ProtectOurCare
Read and learn
Another one bites the dust! I want to congratulate Pelosi, Schumer, Waters, Warren, Schiff, Obama on Handel's win.
Oh please. Whaaaaa. Whaaaa chuckles. Give the country a break   We don't want what you trying to sell us.
Great political pawns...bet u don't even know their names
Georgia yes!!  Beautiful!!              What's next Hollywood  Democrats are so out of touch with the middle class
Tonight's elections r a referendum on your politics #Democrats We r tired of ur witch hunt against #Trump end this farce & start governing
Chuck hiding behind kids after all your tough talk you hold a sick kid up and say look at me I care - you don't have the conscience for it
You are too damn old to be such a damn drama queen!
Fighting for them how by bankrupting the insurance industry
You're not fighting for them, you're fighting for votes. The American people see right through you.
Your Anti-American Socialist party lost again!! 
Money can't buy elections!! 
Either work with the @GOP or cease to exist!!
All the $$$ from socialist George Soros could buy the Dems the elections
You are?   What a guy! ( sarcasm) in case you don't get it!
First nice thing you've said since @POTUS was elected. Maybe you're not that bad. No, come to think about it you are bad. #fakePolitician
Thanks @SenSchumer. Wish our rep #leezeldin had done the same
You should be ashamed of yourself for exploiting these children in order to obstruct the passing of the new health care plan.
Thank you, sir! 
Are you using them as props for your political agenda?
SENATOR THEY ARE SO CUTE ;CHILDREN GIVE HOPE TO THOSE WHO ARE SAD AND LONELY!
Tony no offense but the children might be scared of you
Makes me sick Chuck uses kids & family to make himself look like he has family values!
DON'T LIE, we are so sick of it. You could care less of a rats arse about the people. You just want them ignorant that GOV keeps them poor
Please explain why everybody else should pay for his kid while he retires early??? How is that fair to tax payers?
I know a guy works for the govt he's mad a program is handicapped kid is in might get cancelled he may not get to Retire early 1of 2
Why aren't you meeting with Republicans to help them out?
Hmmmm.... maybe because the republicans are meeting behind closed doors?
That's leadership!  
Somebody has to look out for all Americans. Good job
good job, what kind
sure u are  a  joke  to them as they are to u. Cos  the last 8yrs u  didn't  do  nothing for them. Who is fooling who...all talk no action
I would love to hear what you're really thinking when you see them
They could obviously afford #Obamacare. Part of the privileged 2m out of 318M.  You pose a pic with people you don't give 2 craps about
God bless the children and you only fight for yourself. Weasel.
The democrats are not fighting for anyone. Hypocrites all! You have told everyone you are resisting! You are not doing any work
Retire Chuck...#Liberals  are hypocrites.
@lulu82824 great job
Do your constituents know NYC stole 15 billion from aca , they got more subsidies while you stole from other states
Ask them how they feel about you killing of seniors and vets? You talk a good game but do you know what wrong with aca ?
Fighting for them??  So you've become a Republican then?! #BullSchumer
Why we can't kill 4 them we do 4 everything else! Children,men, & women dying n war torn countries we tore the f**kup!
And you have your #Soros funded face on.
Hey chuckie your tie was crooked at the podium today! Looking old & tired!
With #Obamacare Americans are stuck with higher costs, more taxes, and fewer choices. Americans need relief now. #RepealAndReplace
You have no honor jackass! It sickens me to hear you referring to honor! As if. Hypocrite!!!
Kudos to you and those families for fighting for all of us!
Yes, so our healthcare can go down the tubes, and cost can go threw the roof.
come on. You know Obamacare was the worst. Stop the BS
To fight to keep Obama Care is to fight AGAINST these children. Hypocrite!!
More like robbing them blind
Why dont you walk them over & introduce to @SenMikeLee, @SenJohnMcCain  @SenRubioPress @SenCapito and Mitch McConnell to name a few
We can thank Schumer & his ilk for the collapse of Obamacare and all they do is piss & moan without offering viable solutions
Hard to do that when the republicans meet behind closed doors... blame is on the republicans
Photo op chuck is at it again
And why did you choose to ignore them 2008 - 2016 ?
Arrest unlicensed in practices @ChicagosMayor u waiting for what ? Right next plan to divert attention  @USSupremeCourt block all. ©™®
pick up your fucking pen, lead from the front, and quit pretending to do something
Real smart I'm sure those relying on those programs love to hear that.. budget is due soon.

You're not giving it a chance. You go out in public and attack before you even know what the new plan is. Fear mongering!
We're counting on people like you Chuck, whatever happens make it count
Then u must be used to constant disappointment.
Not sure you realize but these are medically fragile kids that qualify for Medicaid because they are disabled.
Quality leadership right there senator!
From an advocate for people with disabilities, we will all stand up to be sure people get health care.
SCHUMER IS JUST PANDERING FOR VOTES.  SCHUMER IS JUST A CONMAN
Hey chucky - my wife can't get Obamacare - come talk to us
Keep up the good work
God is calling you to turn away from this darkness that will ultimately destroy you. Turn to Him now.
You do realise that the bible is a work of fiction and there is no god? Like Harry Potter or Lord of the Rings. Only less believable
