LATEST: Ten US Navy sailors missing after destroyer USS John S. McCain collides with merchant ship east of Singapore http://abcn.ws/2wfWcTv  
Is this really a Coincident?Are these ships being Nefariously Hit on Purpose? Too many in a short period of time...
That sounded sincere, Chuck.
Well done...

#Phony #MAGA #TRUMP #AmericaFirst #DrainTheSwamp
Can someone tells me what in the fuck is happening with our navy, it is like bump cars at a fair when ships collide with merchant vessels
One of the injured is from Queens, NY
All of us need to pray for the sailors and their families and hope that they can all be found and brought home
Prayers for all.  How many accidents have happened? 4? Why?
Maybe Russia is doing it! Putin worked for the Mob, so it could be something he is doing! I think Trump put the US in jeopardy
So sad. This is the 2nd naval ship. This seems unusual.
Very unusual.
Difficult for us non-sailors to understand how 10 sailors on board USS John S McCain can suddenly be missing. How can that be?
We need to know what really happens.  This is fourth of the year already.
Your soul belongs to the devil. Calling on this nation to worship your god is an insult. Just remember, our God is bigger than yours.
Hahaha, like you really care about those ppl, you forgot to blame President Trump at the same time.
Was that sabotage? Putin did promise payback for Russia sanctions. And President Trump's "Too bad" response was very strange.
Wow.  Chucks the jackass has been quiet lately.

Here, here...but is it possible that are our state of the art technologies being hacked?
Chuck we all know you didn't pray for them. 
Chuck, you & your colleagues got to shut the hypocritical White House down, they're calling the AntiFa movement Terrorists?!
Prayers!
That ship is cursed just by having the same name as a RINO
Our Captain should be Court-martialed and jailed for life! There is no excuse for this!
wouldn't be quick to Judge, something is "off" about the short timing of the frequency of these collisions, nefarious possibilities
Thanks for showing leadership senator
Crying Schumer doing nothing but obstructs the President.
On this, we can agree.  See?  We're making some progress, anyway.  God bless our military men and women. They're the greatest in the world.
McCains a Dem anyway.
Protect us from Donald Trump. 25th Amendment, please.
@ABC yea a liberal loon would bless never condemn!Need to bust some butt first!Lousy leadership,training,snowflakes or terrorist
Simply fire the navy secretary and naval operations commander
One must ask, what is going on with our destroyers?
Senate investigation please. #4 this year. Perception is reality & reality is our Naval warriors are not safe.
Gee Chuck. Couldn't you have said something like. "That's too bad". You know, something heartfelt.
Its time you work for the people and not your pocket. Lobbying needs to be illegal. Its legal bribery.
Its time Congress had monthly town hall. Time Congress had term limits. Time Congress was NOT a career.
USS John McCain (D-AZ)
Why all the US Navy crashes?  Supposedly 4 since this Feb.
Obama:
Sorry @USNavy the cuts to the military affected the amount of training that we can provide and the ability to keep our Sailors safe.
DUMP crying chuck.
Chuck please keep up the identity politics.  Trump will soon have filibuster proof majorities in Senate.  Good work. MAGA
Have you condemned your Senator's call for Trump's assassination yet?  Have you asked for her resignation yet?
Trumps fault Chuckie?
Stop acting like you careI just puked in my mouth a little
Sorry to tell you but God ordered the flood that drowned everyone and everything on the planet. So I would skip a blessing from that guy.
Who are you kidding. You don't give a crap about OUR MILITARY
You need 2 get control of Dems. Bcaus Russian collusion didn't work now r calling all opposition racists Dangerous someone else will gt hurt
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chuck!
Dem defense cuts in last 8 yrs are responsible for the dead & injured  American naval personnel
That's it act like you give a dam
What is happening out there on the sea? Can't they see a ship coming at them? Something is very wrong
Sadly there was equipment failure. The failed equipment is called eyes. 
So crying Chuck what are you going to do? This seems to be a problem. Wait you'll do nothing but attack the President.
Shame chuck wasn't lost at sea!!
The bigger question is why does this keep happening to our war ships??
Servicemen suffer when dumb congress pass sequester, cuts budgets 4 proper training, equipment & maintenance. God Bless our Servicemen

This is the 2nd incident in that area, what is going on Sen Schumer, u need to find out
Sleeping again???
What took ya so long chuck? Your response is so late and generic. The President commented on this within hours. #Backtoworksenator
Happy to have the voice of reason speak sane and comforting words. Your words trump the voice of Binkey every time. That's too bad.
Don't worry schumer, I heard none of them are registered in your district.
Who hit who? Seems to me if the destroyer hit another ship, damage would in front not on side
Somebody is attacking us, spoofing GPS or something. You need to call a spade a spade and defend our nation.
Why so many accidents with our Navy this year? What has changed?
And why are our ships suddenly colliding?
You don't give a damn about the men and women if the armed forces. If you did you'd denounce Hillary now. Benghazi!
all Russians need to do is launch a surprise attack and give their anti ship missiles the signature of a large freighter our navy is toast
What did #trump say?  "That's too bad" #USSJohnSMcCain  @SenSchumer  Hurry & find our sailors.
For sure!
Senate hearings now! This is a disgrace.
Wtf how are US navy ships supposed to survive multiple incoming missiles if they can't avoid a large freighter
Thanks chuckles for those kind words. I to pray for them along with every American living in a sanctuary city. Time to step up chuckles.
God couldn't prevent accident, so why would you pray now?
Do we still have no leader in the navy? Like secretary of navy appointment? Trumps lack of appointments is killing our soldiers!
Just curious here. Who do you pray to? Serious question.
Love you Chuck! Please get to the bottom of why we've had two such incidents in close succession. Our military looks bad right now. 
#TrumpResign
May the 10 misting sailors be found our prayers are with them & their families
The good news this ship was not named after the traitor it was named after his father
Chunky Cheese POS!!!
I believe not one word coming from Schumer and putting it on ABC to top it.  Fake news and fake feelings.
Are you saying ten missing Americans is fake news you can go ahead and block me cause you're just like the trump clown no morals boom!
DID YOU CHECK IN WITH HILLARY ON THE WORD SALAD FOR THE DAY.CORRUPTION SCHMUCKELS.
This is becoming too common.  What are we going to do about this to increase discipline and keep our sailors safe.
"too bad"   ...says president Trump.
Prayers to all of the sailors and their families
What is the democrats plans to help, active duty personnel have a safe workplace.
It's the Democrats fault
Yes chuck you are about 2 hours late...why didn't you do this before? Why did you wait so long
You like investigations. Why can a ship run into a sophisticated navy warship?
Cry! Now!
North Korea is building a torpedo that moves at 10  knots, 400 meters long, 8 stories tall.   Dimensions known to be invisible to US radars.
Are you crying Chuckie?
Too many collisions happening. Somebody should have a meeting with the Secretary of the Navy. Oh, wait....smh.
so will the def committee ask for explanations from Sec of Navy on how 2 ships collide with larger ships with all that technology?
DEMOCRATS ARE STILL THE PARTY OF RACISM AND HATE.  THAT'S REALLY OBVIOUS.  JUST LOOK AT ALL THAT HATE IN THAT PARTY.
GET A CLUE !
Kind of behind on this, happened days ago. Shame Shame Shame frigging Democrats always behind the times
Can you ask to have a hearing held with Navy brass on what the issues are with our combat ships in Asia? Seems like we're not in shape
Cause of obummer
Computers are supposed to prevent this; they can cause this too; so can leaks to Russian security
What the heck is going on? The Burke class DDGs are fast, very maneuverable, and have superb nav systems! This is 2 this Summer!
So am I. I'm also watching the dem party go down the same WRONG road with the same WRONG ppl that rendered it's self NEUTERED. RESIGN as ldr
It's under Trump that our Navy can't sail straight anymore.
Yes it's Trumps fault that Obama cut funding and  let the equipment deteriorate and give minimal training!! Yes definitely his fault idiot
Except Obama did no such thing, drooling Fox minion.
Search will go on even thru the night , pray !
and 44 went out golfing after an American was beheaded. Can you say selective outrage?
What is happening out at sea?
What is going on with all the military ship accidents lately? With all the technology aboard how is it possible to ram into another ship?
I agree, that is wacked
This happened yesterday and your just now saying something!
It happened this morning
