Here's how much more people with pre-existing conditions could pay under the GOP HC bill up for vote today. My @Morning_Joe chart: 
@SteveRattner @Morning_Joe my family will loose big time. @GOP selling out 2the ins comps.Millions will loose #ASD #Elderly #ALL
we are ALL are watching!  We all know ppl that will loose including my daughter w #autism
How can it get any worse? No insurance companies cover even basic speech therapy anymore thanks to ObamaCare! $120-160/hr for therapists!
never had that covered ind hlthcare 20yrs paid nothing 15000 dept on OT
Use to have it paid for by Blue Cross Blue Shield. $20 visit for OT & speech.Used it in FL & http://GA.Now  $2k month out of pocket
we're still paying 24000 med bill from 12 yrs ago but she had ASD wasn't covered
Yep and a dental visit means that they put them under and costs over $3k for a teeth cleaning.ObamaCare has fixed none of those problems.
dental what you got dental before Ocare. Didn't have that option lucky you
Chuckles your an embarrassment, you know this isn't true you liar
nut case
If you don't contribute in negotiations you should keep your mouth shut, are you a Senator or an obstructionist liar? Work with Trump. MAGA!
Remember when we had to pass it to see what was in it an we could keep our dr. Chuckie
You can keep your doctor lie. You can keep your plan lie. You will pay less lie
Liar they will pay less but not on the backs of the healthy like your failed socialist medicine did.
Obama care is pay more for no Care you can't afford it
There deductibles keep them from getting care today insured but go bankrupt paying deductibles
NO COMMENT'S TILL AFTER THE SENATE CHANGES IT.????
Could or would. Get your facts straight then tweet.
You say "will cost more" and your reference says "could" cost more. Try copying the text from the bill showing it "will" cost more please
Again the #Dems dropped he ball,U should've had UR own Plan 2 bring up 4 a #Vote like improving the #ACA! #NOAHCA
you demons screwed up a free market....who said, "if you like ur insurance you can keep it.?" Yeah, the vile snake obummer
@SteveRattner @Morning_Joe Chuck supported OCare that taxed working class who couldn't afford to pay for insurance. Retire Chuck
Sen. Schumer we already know. It would be really horrible.
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the "you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan & premiums will go down" ObamaCare lie."
@SteveRattner @Morning_Joe This is horrible. We live in a third world country for health care. Shameful
do you actually ever get anything done or just tweet about it?
Ok. Chuck U. The ball will now be in your court. Work across the isle to make it better.Yea right! You don't want to help you want the issue
U should call it TRUMPCARE Learn how to message sir. And maybe tell folks w pre-x may lose coverage because the Obamacare protections r gone
@thehill same crap different day steal from middle class, poor give to rich, cause middle class poor to die so rich can live it up.
How about you make the same healthcare you have available to the rest of us?
You are full of it. Read the bill, I know you did not read the ACA.
Talking points from Dems are always lies.
blah, so you know howl to fix dat, have 4 kids and let beome gang members???
PLZ HELP BREAK THE MEDIA BLACKOUT. Union workers striking at Spectrum..Want 2 cut our health & pension. IBEW LOCAL 3 STRONG
That sounds a lot like ACA to me!
@SteveRattner @Morning_Joe health insurance will still be available to me!  Just like a yacht or a 10 karat diamond!
Blubbering mouth just can't stop his diaharrea attack. Can someone put a good Portuguese cork on him?
Pre existing conditions are a bad thing chuck, but Spock said it best.....The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.
Liar
You are all full of it
Pregnancy costs $17,000 MORE on #AHCA ? Surely, they can't be serious?
You've accomplished that with OCare . 6K policies with 15K deductibles. How do you sleep at night. Thief!
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson  Dont Be Impressed With Chuck Schumer, He Retweets Toilet Paper. He Is But A Panderer To Fools.
my kids will too can't afford ins for my family because we all are pre existing. GOP IS OUT
Your credibility was shot by Obamacare. What makes you think you have credibility on AHCA?
I hope you guys have a plan to fix ACA...the Rs are gonna grab onto the fact that you don't have one ready in 2018
Obamacare has made people with no pre-existing conditions pay more for Less
Stop it at the senate if it gets there this #AHCA is garbage
One third of Americans have one insurance company under Obamacare. Premiums skyrocketing. Why did it fall apart?  Your party is inept.
@MSNBC   Reps admitting "they have NOT read the bill"????Shameful! Throwing the public under the bus so DT can say he did it!  At WHAT cost?
Millions on Obamacare paid thousand then couldn't afford the deductible to use it when they needed it!
Great source. Center for American Progress. Sounds middle of the road. No political bent at all. You use this bs to present your argument
Oh, so it's like Obama care. And you love that, right Chuck?
This is not governing this is IMPOSING their agenda on the public.  It will HURT MORE PEOPLE
Doubt if Chuckie has even read the bill.
The Existing ACA is not performing and is an Illegal piece of legislation.
Obamacare: You described as a cancer yesterday. GOP version not perfect but getting closer.
You keep pointing out the supposed faults of the new bill Obama care is broken so what have you contributed to help the new bill succeed?
Sorry - no facts to back this up. If you were MSNBC it would be called fake news.
Once again the GOP has put party over country and are lying to Americans just to help Trump get a "W" on his head board.
@SteveRattner @Morning_Joe the question is why America is the most expense country for care! Greedy politicians that's why!
"Stop the Chaos"
Look Chuckie, #Obamacare is flawed. You have had 7+ years to fix it. You brought nothing to the table.Voter citizen voted for a @POTUS
who was going to, at the very least, repair a broken mandate. We see the @GOP attempting to make up the difference from a, to quote one of
your constituents, "shitty" deal. @POTUS is right. There is no one in Washington D.C. who knows how to negotiate a good deal. #MAGA
I'm nauseous. #SavetheACA , #SaveOurHealthcare
Your full of lies Chucky!!
Obamacare has already forced us to pay a lot more and now we can't even go to the doctors because our deductible is too damn high.
It will also effect employer based insurance by taking away out-of-pocket caps.  This needs to be discussed too.
Good - Obamacare makes me pay more for less you Schmcuk - Repeal Obamacare NOW - It sucks and so do YOU
Down with an expensive disease. Why am I paying $2000 a month for this. Tell me Chuck how is this fair. Or is it just so u can get votes
Start screaming bloody murder
How about if we make all branches of govt work more for less money..that seems like a fair trade-off!!!! #DoubleStandardPukes #VoteOutYeses
So tell me why a 35yr old who has not enrolled in healthcare all his life, Kept his $, and now wants healthcare because he has come
Under #Obamacare, millions of Americans had double-digit premium increases last year. What good is insurance if you can't afford it?
Why do you think only insurance companies favor pre-existing benefits clauses?
This is all about destroying Obama's policies. They despise him and have no compassion for people with pre-existing conditions. So wrong 

Weren't we just here a few weeks ago. The dejavu is hurting my head.
Insurance companies are not in the business of paying benefits to those who need them most.
GOP plan is not perfect, but the best thing is : fairness! Also GOP's preexisting plan is solid.
Then maybe so, but that person does not have coverage today! If he did this would not apply
oh Chuckie, ACA already took care of that.   How about you offer a real solution? #worthless
Sir, you are a hero. Let's hope and encourage the Senate to be the moral compass.
Is this why there's also a separate bill to exempt Congress from the terrible #AHCA?
As usual-dead wrong. Look at Community Pricing/impact on healthy enrollees. Pool approach of AHCA will mitigate PEC impact. Big improvement!
My adult son could die if he loses his insurance. He was born with birth defects & was uninsured most of his life. Shame on the Republicans!
To take care of bottom 10% by hurting middle class families , who are not rich and have to fork out all their hard-earned money for nothing.
Amazing hiw chuckie puts out anti propaganda against Trump an ppl fall for it. Chuckie wants 100% control of the ppl an well do anything 4it
If this bill passes, so do the congressional seats of the GOP in 2018.
They can polish that turd all day long, but at the end of the day, the AHCA is still a turd and it still stinks! #trumpcaresucks
As Bill Clinton called Obamacare ridiculous, everyone knows you will lose more if you work hard and overtime.
For once, be quiet and be happy.  Are you on Obamacare?
WE NEED TO VOTE THE GOP OUT IN 2018!!!! ANYONE ??? #ResistTrumpCare
Haha, that's not going to happen. In 4 yrs Dems will be a faded memory. Something about self destruction. Lol
Chuck: the biggest problem for current system: people who pay the bills can't afford use their ins. People who don't pay use it for free
How is this any different from auto insurance?
Hey CHUCKIE! You need 2 move the party further left. Hillary would have won if the election were a day earlier because of Comey, Russians...
PROGS hate Hillary! Bernie Hayes Hillary! Obama coalition hates Clinton! But shes gonna work on the 'resistance' hahaha I may send her money
GOP is willing to deny healthcare to millions because they & Trump hate ACA. Doing so without CBO numbers! They don't care! #SADISTIC
You're going to sit there n tell me that Obamacare went through the CBO? Didn't @NancyPelosi say you can read it after we pass it? Get real
The DNC is finished! Perez, Maxine, CHUCKIE & PELOSI! Hahaha there's a reason the DEMs have lost everything including GOVs & Mayors & states
Now that's interesting. So, there isn't much diffference between AHCA & AHC (Obama'scare)? Repeal it but don't replace it!!
1)my 6yr old has asthma=$4,000
2)my 9yr old has ADHD=$5000
3)my PMDD($8000)&poss BPD($8000)=$16,000
4)WHY THE F*CK IS PREG A PRE-EX CONDIT?!
What does the word could mean / it could include care for the Easter Bunny but it may not. Thanks for the insightful analysis
"Could" means, who the hell knows, without the #CBO score. Show us the score!
You need to scream till the rafters in the ceiling shake, and demand a no vote on trump care!! It is poor legislation at best!!!!!
Fake. News. #chuck sucks
Why are you misleading everyone Chuck?
A European modeled national health system is the answer. Take the profits out of the equation.
Have you ever used European or Canadian healthcare? I did, it's much better here before Obamacare.

Healthcare solution - I've got it! Have Obamacare for all Democrats and Trump's plan for all Republicans. See who survives.
@SteveRattner @Morning_Joe 
Just as I thought. Trumpcare is Unacceptable!
"Single pay" will work
@SteveRattner like what happened to me. A lot more for a ton less. Obamacaresux
I think they should pay more if they use the system more.
Don't be fooled by the pol's. who foisted the "Unaffordable " ACA health care system on us. Con. Pelosi, We have to pass it before U see it.
The Senate better not pass this horrible bill
And if you vote yes, you lose my vote.
Call your congressman and let them know you don't want Trumpcare. House switchboard 202-224-3121.
Mom of special child. Scared. My child could die. Her meds r 15,000 a month. If this passes it will kill her. I can't afford her meds .
All this from liars Schumer & former Obama Auto Task Force head liar. Is all could be if the sky falls  or the sun shines at midnight on&on
Or the carriers will just leave the states under Obamacare and leave American Citizens with no options.... You decide with your vote Chucky
We don't get care now too high of deductible for the high premiums
The uninsured will end up in the ER. Are hospitals going to turn away the sick?#VoteNoAHCA
Leave @POTUS alone for a minute and do something about the lake flooding in N.Y. Remember '73 and '93 ? I'm sure there are local TV cameras.

DONT DONATE YOUR KIDNEY UNDER OBAMA CARE IF YOU DO YOUR CONSIDERED PRE-EXISTING FORGIVEN SOMEONE LIFE DONT DONATE
@POTUS Chuck, you can't figure out a balance sheet from a lemonade stand. I trust your assessment like I trusted HRC, NOT AT ALL
Sounds like a caring christian group voting for thier saviors approval ratings Doom will follow! Say no to trumpcare
Allocate some of the funding from useless Gov. Projects to cover those Americans. You people better start thinking outside the box.
What will it do for the millions paying triple what they were paying for insurance b4 Obamacare?
@jahimes @RepRichmond @RepSwalwell Save your country from the bottom up we all need #healthcare #shelter #food this administration is wrong
exactly. Very sad that Trump supporters do not realize how bad this will be for them. Shame on the GOP
yes. The ACA has saved millions of lives. Very sad what Trump is trying to do to us
Not true. #Tatiana
Then why don't they explain it? Get Mulvaney out there. He sort of convinced me on budget.
