does USA have to pay for the others who continue to business as usual. Especially when we have to borrow money to give it to the countries.
"The trick?"
The magazine picked that word, not me :)
I figured. Ugh, huh?
Nope.  Big hoax.  Lots of suckers believe in global warming.  But real science isn't a popularity contest.
LIAR. Everyone does NOT believe in global warming!
Climate change is a hoax
No not every one. You don't speak for me.
It will take 2 feet of water in the GOP'S living rooms before they will admit to global warming. Unless there is more personal money in it.
More than that I live on a hill!
My "hill" is 1,005 feet above sea level.
Nope.
I realize you are a puppet! Want the sea level supposed to swallow Florida and California by now?
Blah blah blah
Nothing's weird but U; There is absolutely no scientific “consensus” about catastrophic manmade climate change.
If I thought Chuck Schumer really gave a rip about "Climate Change"...  but I don't. It's just one more faux "I care" moment.
Get over it!
Global warming more wasting time Support the President and put America back to work Please
Way to keep up the rhetoric, keep up the divide.
Shut down HAARP
The climate changes naturally every 100,000 years. REAL science, Chuckles.
Hey, Chuckles. Has the earth imploded yet?
The climate has always been changing, before humans existed, now, in the future...
The earth has always warmed and cooled without the help of mankind. Our temps now resemble those in the late 1800's. One day it will cool.
Global warming is a hoax, propaganda. Just a way to line your pockets @realDonaldTrump
Job 38:2 (ESV) 2 "Who is this that darkens counsel by words without knowledge?
OMG! is that what's left of the South Pole?
.@NYGovCuomo @NY31Alcantara @dennyfarrell Pass #NYClimateCommunityProtectionAct A8270/S6617 into law b4 06/21/17 @NYRenews @greenwatchdogNY
Not this crap again. Obama gave the country away in Paris and you did nothing. Please go home, retire.
Bold strategy Cotton, let's see how it plays out.
Chuck! It's a hoax! Go home
No everyone don't. Just the one that make money off a fake narrative
Hows that crow taste Chuckie?  We can spend that money in our country. Let the other rich countries foot their own issues
Global warming is a scam. It's just a mechanism supported by the Democratic Party and liberals around the world for wealth redistribution.
Waaaaa
That also goes for fairies.
Schumer is!
Global warming could be reduced when u & Madox get fired and stop talking Cause all that comes from ur months is hot air
We can see a snake oil salesman a universe away. You're just one of many. Why should anyone listen to you? No really, why? I'm not convinced
Like when Obama told us that we (deplorables & dems) just didn't understand how good our economy was? Youre so full of yourself. Yes you are
You are better actor than Amy though. Your crying on cue is inspiring
Crazy hoax. Co2 is plant food and a way to control people. 95% of greenhouse gas is water vapor. Co2 is 400 parts per billion. Just crazy!
It's called mother nature
Lieing news Lieing dems lieingdems
Lol.....Russia and now the climate. Keep on losing while trump keeps winning. Keep making stuff up chuck. Who knows u maybe on the stand

Come on down to Texas I will show you Climate Change
Considering large city's like NY do cause local Climate problems . Does that mean all of them should be removed . Think about it
What an idiotic statement.  #climatechange is #fakescience everyone knows God is in control!  not man! Except @senschumer & @khayhoe   lol
Chuck, Chuck, Chuck ! Honestly, why a new subject all of a sudden ? It's as if you heard something you didn't like.
Breaking: Chucky Cheese back at it again pandering to his abandoning base!! Even bad ass Harry Reid had more balls! Chuck take up gardening!
We noticed that the air has left your sails. Your now looking for another bumper to hang on to.
And how about The $300 million you gave to some group in Israel to overthrow the government Democrats you're the worst
Hey chuck how is the Turkey investigation going you know where you got involved and throwing over the government
Please educate urself. look at the scientific chart of climate for the last 10000 years n maybe u'll see the alarm you're setting is false.
I'm not afraid of global warming,  I'm terrified of global government
Chuck global warming is just a government money grab... just look how fat Al Gore got off the scam
I need to think your thought process over....hmm
#nocollusion  #lyingfuckingliberal #democratdumbass I'm ashamed you represent me
Me Too!
Schumer, no one is denying climate change, we are denying what is causing it.
GLOBAL WARMING?  I thought it was now CLIMATE CHANGE,  besides its June 8th and its 60 degrees in New York, Explain that.  MORON.
try working on something important like the debt and deficit
"Yeah, the Weather Has Been Weird" was one of the first things the first talking Caveman said to another.
Global warming is bullshit
Coldest winter on record wherei live. Bring it on.
Oh were back to global warming now. Make up your mind Chuck. Cooling, warming yes that is climate change. It's called the seasons.
You #ActOnClimate first, Senator, and the rest of us will observe how that works out
Focus on healthcare! That's what's changing!
Nope - many scientist don't - especially those who aren't getting government kick backs.
Fake
Than you better find a way to kill the worlds TERMITES 
They emit 10x the amount of CO2 as human pollution Google it
http://www.iloveco2.com/2009/04/termites-emit-ten-times-more-co2-than.html?m=1 …
only the global elites believe the top scientist do not and can prove you wrong.Can you pay the 1 trillion a year for Paris accord
not everyone Chuck!
Yeah and I have Beach front property in Nevada I like to sell you you are a POS
Weather changes some. Lets stop wasting money.
Kinda like everyone believed in global cooling in the 70s 
No! Only liberals and Democrats believe in global warming!!
If these models are accurate, then why can't we predict weekly weather with that same accuracy?  #cuckschumer #cuckyschumer
Do your job Chuck and stop your obstructionism... better yet retire !!!
Let's discuss the chemicals used by the U.S. GOV. to spray the skies and cover the sun with a constant haze! WEATHER MODIFICATION??? Hello?
Again...Steven Koonin, under the OBAMA admin. admitted climate scientists fudged the numbers. Hello?
Everyone?... not me!!!... go to bed old man!
...more than it will hurt the economy? Is it really worth the jobs and the money you Dems so desperately create legislation to obtain?
Chuck U used the wrong narrative. It's climate change.. that way we can blame anything on it rain,snow,ice,temp. U name it it all works
Chuck, do you really believe the US strangling itself with emission standards the rest of the world won't follow will really help the earth
STOP THE BS GLOBALIST! YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT THE MIDDLE CLASS TAXPAYERS! YOU'RE  READY TO REDISTRIBUTE OUR HARD EARNED TAX DOLLARS!
America First Schumer!
thanks for sharing! and -- sorry for all the crap you got from doing so!
Climate Change is real, the explanation fully exaggerated. Money making scam when reality is Earthquakes 9+ & Tsunamis shift Earth Axis.
How far down the rabbit hole do you want to go with that logic chuck?  What are some other things people believe in but don't realize?
How many believe Islam marring off 12 yr olds ?this is not my USA u r my senator time 2 make sure Islam politics doesn't break r laws
#SchumckySchumer this the dream of big govt: Tax the air we breathe! Pathetic. Climate does change, #IceAges prove it. Only morons believe
Schumer!
You are the biggest embarrassment of a clown in government.
Senate been the weirdest.
@HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @ForeignPolicy Go blow Schumer. You guys are all liars. You must be watching ReliableFakeSources. BS
Laughable
Scientists can't even agree on climate conditions.
Problem is that it's not man caused, climate has changed since beginning of time

Chuckle is a Swamp creature.
No we don't.
#fakenews
Yes the wind has been blowing up your ass more lately
That at all. All fake agenda by the Washington swamp to help their cronies make $. So stop all the lies.
What's wrong Chuckie nothing to say after the whole Russian narrative has been shut down?
Not according to the founder of the weather channel. He was on CNN recently and 100% said there is not enough scientific data to prove
So you know for them?
Shut up & get some sunscreen old man. Looks like you leftards had a couple of bad days. No impeachment, no collusion, no case against POTUS
I don't believe in global warming and I realize I don't believe in global warming.
No they don't
People may realize there is global warming, the controversy is what caused it. Fact is the sun goes thru cycles, but we are cleaning the air
No everybody does not it's the government wants us to believe in it bullshit.
Please speak for yourself. Our country has and will via responsible people & business practices act oh behalf of our environment.
One has as much control over climate as one has over tides and plate tectonics: all planetary cyclical systems beyond human manipulation.
We at least can control r government and keep Islamic government out of the US
Cynic: Even that remands to be seen. Have fun, stay in trouble: be safe.
Chuck Shmucer, SCIENCE is NOT Consensus… science is based on truth.
Thank you sir!
Comey destroyed all  democrat Russia narrative, quick pivot to fake climate change
I disagree. Either you didn't watch or you don't understand
Of course you do
You will tweet anything.
Politicians monetizing carbon dioxide. Genius! Will you try for oxygen next? Can we avoid the next ice age?
hey smuck chuck I AM AWARE OF MY BELIEF. speak for your self
Go home Chuck
Everyone believes climate changes but many don't believe man made BS that depends on probabilities fr "adjusted" data
We're done funding your hoax. Let's see how serious the "rest of the world" is without US taxpayers shouldering financial responsibility.
I don't believe in global warming and I'm pretty sure I realize it .
Following The Senate - Comey Hearing, Good Thursday Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York
Yes if u want all your Russia collusion speaking to blow up in your face. All lies.
Everyone is a "YUGE" assumption. Just the politically correct crowd & those benefitting financially.
When are you going to act on net neutrality? 8 more years? You're worthless.
Hey chuckles! Where ya been all day?
Does Weiner???
Now it's time to act? Where have you been for the last 8 years while fucking nothing got done.
Chuck, "global warming" was retired in favor of "climate change".  

Stay on message.
Look who's tweeting....
