You talk out of both sides of your mouth. One time you say Trump should do somethimg the in your next comment you criticize him for doing it
Unfortunately Neo-Libs like yourself got this Cheeto in office...
Thought that was big part of his campaign rhetoric, hard to remember what lie goes with what story.
You're the big tade hawk now! #joke
If you expect this criticism to carry weight, you'll need to openly address the failings of the TPP pushed by the Democrats
TPP was not pushed by Dems it was pushed by Ryan and the GOP
What?! The TPP was negotiated under Obama, HRC called it the gold standard of trade agreements, and it was fast tracked in 2015!
it was pushed by the chamber of commerce and Paul Ryan! All the other Free Trade GOPers pushed for it too
I didn't mean the Dems are solely to blame, or that Trump shouldn't be blamed -- only that the Dems don't seem to me to be blameless.
Look, it was a bipartisan deal! In all normal worlds, but there wasn't a wide support for it in the DEM as it was in the GOP!
Sen. Schemer, Reid, and Durbin were opposed to it (As you know the DEM is the party of labor)
While it was supported by Ryan, McConnell, and every GOPer out there except Trump (who only opposed it without knowing what's in it)
Sounds like you lost your binky again today..cry cry cry is all you do Chuckie.
And what did Obama do for 8 yrs?
But pulled out of Iraq, left a mess and lets not forget the JV ISIS team
Fake news BWANA86 - Fake news....
Have a Happy Pesach + try to think about @TheAmericanPeople For ONCE!
You make me laugh with your BS
Give it some time! POTUS WILL win this one also!
ATTENTION: Chuck Schumer quote: "I've had my eyes closed for the last 8 years but now they open, it's like I just woke up".
CHINA: "Think about your trademarks we just granted you before you accuse us of currency manipulation".
It doesn't seem to matter to you what @POTUS does, you find fault. Try working with him.
He already did. Obama didn't. You have it backwards.
Really Chucky?  Obama didn't call China anything, nothing, zilch, nota, but because POTUS is a republican that makes him automatically wrong
@POTUS betrayedworkers. #TREASON #TrumpTreason @AFLCIO @steelworkers @TheDemocrats @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats
Nah...it's because they gave him 40 trademark deals after decades of saying no.  Look for Trump hotel deal in near future
Surprise! Trump lied again. So very much lying, and his base doesn't care? All talk, no action. Carnival Barker in Chief. #Trumprussia
But I didn't say anything
Senator, admit it - you don't know what's going on in President Trump's Administration. If Hillary were President, you'd be in the loop 
Please send me the link to where Obama declared China a currency manipulator #China
Trump has done more with China in 2 meetings than Obama did in 8 years
Chuck U where you been for the last eight years
He needs China in dealing with North Korea. National security is more important than false protectionist talking points.
Oh, the art of the deal.
OBAMA wouldn't do that so don't blame trump
Withallduerespect - trade is implying a give & take
#POTUS dose not understand that concept
He is a taker and a fake.
This coming from someone who has been in office far longer and continues to fail the American people. Get an IDEA!  Work with the Repubs.
He only stop China buying coal from N Korea an getting it from the US. I know you want coal miners to be dead but we dont
Currency manipulator in UK to.
I have never heard you mention this before. Hypocrit!
Hello? Trademark deals in China.  Go figure.
Excuse me? Did ur team name China a currency manipulator or is this just more political BS?
Thank u Senator @SenSchumer wondering if there's anyway it can b put on NYS tax forms that we can donate our NYS refund back to NYS???  TY
He owes China a butt load of money, they will need to work that out first. I'm sure they can come of with mutually beneficial deal wink wink
TRUMP just flipped-flopped once again on one of his MAJOR campaign promises! Are his followers listening? They're being conned
Why don't you try picking your fights instead of throwing stones?  Did Obama act on China?
He is no longer the president.
So you blame someone when your President didn't do what you think should have happened?  No sense there.  JUST SAYIN'
And where were Democrats calling out Obamas weak approach on China. Weren't about to call out their guy
Did Obama name them as one? No?
How long did it take U 2 become a full blown A-- H---?

It figures... #Trumpf  is an idiot!
you get a A+ on beating the war drums but unfortunately you get a F- when it comes to actually doing anything constructive
Pouts' failure is symptomatic of horrible @GOP policies and people.
Why wasn`t this mentioned when obama was potus Chuck
Never seen so much backtracking.
like his stock in trade "using other peoples money"  
HE SAID HE WOULD TRADE AMERICAN JOBS FOR CHINA'S HELP WITH KOREA
what happen chucky you finally grow a set. Because you were silent for the last 8 yrs when the world was running all over us
Seems you care more about opposing Trump than your country.
Chuckles harvard wants their diploma  back.
China seems to be pushing N Korea maybe we can wait a few minutes on tne currency.
What about korea Chuck?
Schumer should be labeled Traitor
did the last @POTUS44 name chine a currency manipulator? was he tough on trade? your memory may be clouded
Sadly, need for China to help us contain N Korea limited what Obama cd do as much as it inhibits Trump. Obama just quicker to see.
Um we kinda need China to push on North Korea.  Obama was weak and left the world a mess.
Schmucky you would've bought N Koreans coal-we know you ;)
Is it true that China cancelled a coal shipment from No. Korea & agreed to purchase lol coal from the USA?
You tweet to much, back to work and explain to be please how n why I'm going to be taxed to pay for others college when my child goes local
Trump owes China Millions of $ s
His clothes are still made there
Schmuck still stirring all the idiot schmucks like him-you're laughable and irrelevant thank goodness!
He talked strong about taking trade action against China, then punked out.
You're another complete piece of work Mr Schumer! Found in what section...fiction perhaps? Did you just lie to yourself the last 8 years! 
Prior to trump's making Chinese curr. manipulation a major issue during campaign, I don't see much evidence of you mentioning it.
The Polyp&Predator must have Putin's permission!!
#RussiaGate
#tRumpRussiaCollusion
#GOP Russia Cover UP
Now that Trump's won, he's flipped-flopped on most everything he said he'd do. We need people who'll look out for the least among us!
I'm a currency manipulated. I manipulate millions of federal dollars towards several of my properties.
Go back to bed Chuck. Adults are running things now.
ChuckSCHUMER IT IS OBIOUS YOU DO NOT KNOW THE ART OF THE DEAL! READ ABOUT IT! DO USA & VOTERS A FAVOR, RESIGN!
CF MANAGING PARTNER, F&F CPAs
Tough talk now after ur head up Obama's azz the past 8 years. As friend 2 criminals Obama & Clinton, u can't possibly say anything credible.
are you watching what's going on chuckie? POTUS is taking care of problems the golfer in chief would never have done. Sit down!
EPA, BLM, SCOTUS, China, domestic jobs, keystone, TPP, border, illegals, media, Kansas election, Syria, drain the swamp
You can't trust anything @realDonaldTrump says...He needs to quit relying on @FoxNews  for Info and more on Intel Community #Truth
And what have you done about it except criticize.  NOTHING !!
Why didn't you push Obama to do something? You are a coward!
What tough action did u Dems and Obama take?
And Chuckie is a libtard mind manipulator
Cc: @BarackObama
And u know this because u r such a good businessman.
Hey Chuckie, you and that Democrat legend, Obama did nothing for 8 yrs, now you take offense, bullshit.
What happened when your commie pres was in office
U consider Americans fools/idiots by believing we have no memory of 8 yrs of Dem driven trade policy. WE REMEMBER what U accomplished-zero.
Lol. Lol. Lol. Lol
and that's a great way to encourage China to assist with the North Korean threat...that's exactly why you are not the @POTUS
What.  Never mentioned by previous administration. Trump consistently has
Hey...if he took action against China, the Walmart imperium would have him run out of town on a rail, with tar and feathers even.
now more affordable!
LOL
WOW you've had MANY years to call China out, what a hipacrite.
@POTUS only discusses China currency with his constituents. They don't understand it either.
Or symptomatic of an ignorant person who lacks the curiosity to understand issues affecting the country.
Let's see...you complain about Russia, Syria, China. You seem pretty xenophobic!
Wake up!! POTUS has been talking China and manipulation for long time. What did Obama do about it for 8 years. U of course are useless.
http://ln.is/www.youtube.com/4IRNp … once again chuck your 1000000% wrong again and spreading lies as usual,you should step down
He has Chuckie.
*raspberry* you will NEVER be on the side of President Trump.
u have no shame For 8 yrs u & obama gave China everything they wanted They r buying r land with American money u gave away Hypocrite
Remember, all those trademarks that China gave DT?? I'm glad you're enraged. How about the Emoluments Clause? Treason/impeach
Oh but he had no problem calling them currency manipulators before election
Did @BarackObama call them that? Nope. Now you all of a sudden care?
TRump is all tough talk no action. Syria was a sideshow to distract America from his treasonous liaisons with Russia
yes of course it was
CHN is cooperating with US in regards to the situation in North Korea. That takes precedence right now.
@ShepNewsTeam - It appears you received your talking points from @SenSchumer, Shep. How about just sticking to the unbiased news.
#DontheCon #PUTINLOVER #PUSSYGRABBER #Russiagate 
#KremlinKlan #presidentJACKASS
Just more political drama from the left!!!!!
GET TOUGH EVERYONE SAYS U ARE ANOTHER TRAITOR ALSO BOUGHT BY ILLEGITIMATE THIEVE. IMPEACH INCARCERATE ALL
Unfortunately you're a complete failure!
How long have you had this tweet waiting?
ILLEGAL PRESIDENCY, GORSUCH , ADMINISTRATION , CABINET GOP  REP CONGRESS THIEVES TRAITORS WITH PUTIN . IMPEACH INCARCERATE ALL.
Typical #racist #Democrats - attack #Asians but fully support #terroprist #Muslims and #Obama  #illegals. #liberals #GOP #Tlot #tcot #MAGA
Looks to me like with all of #45's ties to China and his investments in business there, that he will be once again lining his pockets. Thief
And what did Obama do???
Do you really think people are interested in anything you have to say ? Same old crap, different scenario. He's your President, too.
Unfortunately you're still in office
Just like you and Obama should have done years ago. Instead you dummies laughed at Romney
Get ready for 9 Borks, full repeal and Reaganesque tax-econ expansions that will put you completely out of business, regional coastal type.
I guess it was better for what's his name to give Iran billions and allowing them to build nuclear weapons not a word from your lefty mouth
But now Trump has to say sweet things about China or they won't pressure NK for him. A rub/rub any way it's sliced, and both sides know it.
Hahahaha . After all the time the democrats had in power and NOW you want to bitch and complain. This is why I voted republican this time.
Look who is talking tough action!  Where have you been hiding the last 8 years!
you mean 38 yrs.
#ChickenDon
Oh really hypocrite. Please, go cry the sky is falling elsewhere. #chickenlittle
POTUS named them a currency manipulator a couple weeks ago.  A guess the beautiful chocolate cake changed his mind.  Help save us Senator.
you're a disgrace to politics
And is also complete hypocrisy from what he saying during campaign
He did call China a currency manipulator but he made that up they aren't.
Well, he did. Before he didn't. Or was he didn't before he did?
Are you comparing that to the last 8 years
