I'll agree when he calls for Trump's impeachment
YOU Helped broker deal with @TheJusticeDept for Weiner's light sentence before @BarackObama left. #childabuse
NO YOU DON'T
He supported Graham Cassidy. Good riddance
Liar you're happy he is leaving. Thats one less Repub for you to deal with.
Term Limits....knew he didn't have another chance to Win.
Do u condone taking the knee? We hear nothing from u. Do u fully back disrespecting our Nations Stars and Strupes? U group doing it
Schumer,you have no friends& no job after 2018!!
Why don't you take the hint to @SenSchumer
Did anyone briefly panic after misreading it at 1st glance as Cory Booker?
Nice to see more drainage of the swamp.  Goodbye!
Puerto Rico is hurting Senator. Please don't forget those people. They are American too.
Another Republican sick and tired of playing the racist and white supremacist games the Republicans have been playing for the last 8 years.
LOL! How wrong you are! Dems are the party of division! They NEED victims! Sexist, racist, any kind of label to create division = @DNC
He was a disrepectful seditionist to 44.dont let the door hit you on the way out
why?  How can you call someone conscientious when he pushed for ALL the horrible healthcare bills?
This is why most of us couldn't be politicians. Even Bernie won't criticize Corker now he's retiring.
seems like more of us should be politicians.  I dont think  you have to criticize someone when they retire.  But dont celebrate them either
It's Congress Culture. I don't really understand it.
The only good (R) is a retired (R).
Isn't it the opposite: a good (D) is not easy to find. The old good days of implementing bipartisanpolicies amongst R &D are gone. It'sshame
That didn't happen by chance, you know. It happened because it became official Republican policy.
Perhaps because all the Dems can do is obstruct and #resist.  It's ridiculous and costing us a lot of money for them doing nada.
WHO IS WE?
This is the best response ever.
Please consider supporting #MedicareForAll , Mr. Schumer.
Yes, then only the wealthy will have quality healthcare. Think a little deeper than free stuff
Hmm..."free stuff?"...alright. Like free public schools, roads, free police/first responders, free trash collection, vaccines, etc etc?
The Republican constitution is Citizens United. ALEC writes for profit legislation and they bark sedition and obstruction
If he's a friend of yours that is all the reason we need to be glad to see his back! Thus begins the purge!
More like a co-conspirator
In Tennessee we are HAPPY to see Corker go. He was not behind @realDonaldTrump 's agenda, so adios! And adios to all @GOP that obstruct!
Nuff said
Yeah
@gmo1stmimi  So do I.   He had a good grasp on the meaning of the bill.  Plus he didn't mind rolling up his sleeves! BUT why would he leave!
He's probably leaving because his 'friends' from the other side of the aisle have turned into complete a-holes.
A lesson on civics your party refuses to teach its constituents:
Taking down your friends, one by one.
Corker is leaving????
Word is, you worked with DOJ to get a lighter sentence for #Weiner , is this true??!! You just aren't looking clean at this point.
Do your job.  We are tired of waiting.  The man in the office is volatile and down right dangerous.  Please. Impeach.
What reasonable Republican with a conscience would want to serve under Trump's administration? More will follow! @jaketapper @chucktodd @CNN
A republican that wants to protect the US, treat Americans better than illegals, support law & order, just like @realDonaldTrump
Blah blah blah
You should follow his lead. #termlimits Too much power for too long corrupts. Chucky YOU are corrupt
To bad the same cant be said for you.
But he was planning to vote for a bill that would take away health care from millions? This means dead Americans. Don't normalize evil.
It's a shame you're not leaving !
Total class Chuck !!!!!
Drain the swamp!
Great to see congenially amongst senators-been too long without
So what your saying. HES NOTTING LIKE YOU. Worth less  and useless #crybabychucky
When conscientious & hard working Senators are leaving I'm saddened. When they're Republicans leaving their Party, I'm  frightened.
Well, @SenSchumer, perhaps you would consider joining him? Along with several more more of your colleagues? #TermLimits
Wow, he is everything you're not.
Are all Republicans who are not completely insane retiring? I can't think that's a good idea. They should start a new party.
term limits are needed for all
Please have Sen Corker work with you on #25ththe45th. Glad he spoke up a few wks ago
U sir r a enemy of this country
Maybe you should follow his lead
Oh sure.  Hypocrite.
No really.
I would imagine that he cannot stomach the thought of having to deal with trump any longer than he absolutely has to.
Your Buddy, huh? Explains a lot!
Anti union hack... deserves no respect at all... Just ask the VW workers in Tn
great now can a Democrat replace him?
If we could just get the other 99 to pack up and leave.
I wish all of you Obstructionists would leave! #TermLimits
But NO ONE CAN BLAME HIM,AS MORE AS SURE TO FOLLOW....BIGLY!
Also your friend!  Both pervert democratics!
Ok...Now go for his Senate seat Dems!
#ABSOLUTLY
I always thought he was overall a decent guy, but he was only too willing to kill not fix #ACA & I can't as a Tenneessean accept that.
You should consider it as well.
Bob didn't feel he needed to become a lifer in the Senate,,,,follow his lead Chuckles.  #TermLimits.  Thanks Bob for your leadership.
Will shut up you lying phony?!
A Republican terrorist leaving is a good thing.
There's not enough money in it
Another corrupt obstructionist bites the dust.
Yeah, we can tell it is tearing you up....
just think he could be replaced by a forked tongue, sycophant Marsha Blackburn.Dems need to find someone who can win & take back the senate.
Maybe you should take his lead, and retire also
It seems likely that Corker remained silent on Trump's abhorrent, dangerous deeds- made this decision and THEN spoke out! Maybe not SO GOOD?
Another swamp creature. #DrainTheSwamp
Not all of us! Time for a party
Maybe you'll get more support from someone else.
No, we don’t, unless he’s replaced by a rabid Trumpian
Establishment Rino
Bull You know what liar!
Is that the really really short guy?
Schummer is the biggest waist along with Pelosi! Both have no idea what work is
LOL!
In his statement Tuesday, Corker said that he believed "the most important public service" he had to offer would come in upcoming months.
.. meaning, he has a sweet deal on K Street as a lobbyist like every other politician that leaves.
Corker would not be my choice to leave.  Not a blind follower of Trump. Dems a big chance to take that seat. Do it!!
In Tennessee? Umm. No. Lol
One less Republican for you to chastise.
Model Senator like you, Mr. Schumer?Where are your bipartisan  policies? It's orlyto implement your socialist agenda or else.
Think USAFIRST
Maybe State Dept?
You may think he is your friend, but because you are a traitor to the American people, you have many more enemies.
You're a liar  only care about yourself I dislike you so much and to think you are a senator from my state makes me sick go away
He's a RINO loser who gave away the ranch
NOT!
Youre the worst
This endorsement is like the Mafia kiss of death. Right decision Bob.
Questions what info does trump have from the Russians hack on the Republican Party just asking one by one 
You're a nice man
chuck  will you move on 4 the good of country?History books will not speak well of you.Your service to this country has become a joke
Examples?
Put a cork in it.

Mr. Schumer Your need to get this health care bill passed You know Obama care is terrible I'm one of the people that Has to pay a fine $2000
@SenSchumer has always been a New York City Schmuck. A useless obstructionist. Why do New Yorkers keep voting for him? Because he is Jewish?
Hard working at voting yes to take healthcare away from our most vulnerable. 
When are you leaving chuck. Sure the mob will hire you back
Working along side of trump, it's easy to see how that would cause you to want to leave office.
ACA has been a disaster 4 my family ,our business & my employees. U have done nothing in 7 years to repair. &UR  TALK THIS?RESIGN TODAY
WRONG,  don't forget the union busting
Why don't you follow him.
Are we talking about the same guy who would've voted to take health care away from millions of people?
I think you mean Bernie. Medicare for all will kick 180 million of us off of our private insurance.
So many GOP have realized they cannot aid and abet crimes
Lol. What are you, a Scientologist? 
Ah, the Sen. who helped Obama get the Iran sellout through because he & others wouldn't stand up for your Senate treaty review power.
He supported Gorsuch and horrendous GOP health care proposals.  Long flirtation with Trump.  Goodbye.
Didn't know that! In that case, good riddance.
He used racist ads to defeat his democratic black opposition - he is no better than the rest of the GOP
True, or the Democrat party. They're all schmucks.
His outspoken opposition to GrahamCassidy was especially noteworthy  evidence of his thoughtfulness & dedication.  Oh, wait.....
Now if he could take a few more with him. Maybe 99 others?
Hopefully the American voters will get tired of partisan politics and repeal and replace both parties.
for a republican
More “Career Politicians” should follow his example & retire or go to the “Private Sector”. If you care about America, do it, we won’t missU
Was it a sex scandal?
Oh, I was hoping you were leaving chuck.

I don't think Corker is evil, which is the highest compliment one can give a Republican.
And democrates are what ? Besides shit , hate America, do notting but lie and cause bullshit . Soooo snowfall go melt
Nothing like a DC Deep State Shadow Government send off to Lobby World

Jumping ship
You'd do better to do this more often and avoid #GroupThink

Good riddance really.  11/06/2018.
We don't he's an obstruction and a disrespectful lout
One doofus senator giving another doofus senator a slap on the back.  Let the swamp drain.
Yep, he's a Tennessee boy.  We like him too.  Sorry to hear of his departure, but doesn't surprise me at all with our so call leader.
You're hysterical!!!!  It's your obstructionism and the Reps inaction that has sent him home. Y'all need to go!!!!! 
Talk obstruction,try 7 years of NO!
Thank god Obama couldn't do any more damage to this country.
Please get impeachment proceeding going b4 he leaves since he knows DJT sb impeached now
Al green tx announced today
Making room for a felon to come in and aid with the conspiracy.
But an obstructionist no less.
We know you’re salivating at the thought of picking up this seat, Senator. You should be.
Isn't he on trial for .... bribery?

