A "Cruz insurance policy" is worse than none at all because vast majority of ppl would pay a monthly premium & never hit their deductible.

Why can't the Republican see Trump means us no good impeach Trump
Government health care is flat out theft.
So I imagine you feel that way about roads, schools, parks and other Municipal type community things that taxes pay for?
I'm fine with roads.
So, if a town needed flood control you better build their own right? Or had to spray for Zika due to mosquito infestation they're on Y/O?
It's more the fault of govt working with insurance companies to raise rates to the point that private HC fails and has to be single payer
45's been forcing ins co to raise rates by refusing 2 pay subsidies & wants ACA to fail. Envy is eating 45 alive.
And regulations created during Obama regime
Shut up and resign Schumer. You have never done anything good for the State or Country. TIME TO MARCH ON WASHINGTON IN PROTEST OF DEMOCRATS
Cruz is a dope!
No he didn't just more Liberal BS to feed to their brain dead followers that do think.
As did ObamaCare.  Cash is the only thing that drops prices.
We pay your insurance, why can't you get out of my wallet??? I believe that you and all of yours should have to deal with what we do..U suck
There is no way to make it free. SOMEONE has to pay for it! Like you and the other Dems will pay for your obstructionism!
Sir, you don't care one bit about how expensive #Obamacare is because YOU'RE NOT ON IT. An action that is certainly hypocritical.
no it wouldn't, but you need to lie and scare people, so you can keep #control over them. What is you fetish with controlling people?
FORCING Those in a FREE society to BUY Insurance is the ROOT cause of Obamacare's utter failure! Our Freedoms & Free will is GOD not Gov!!!
BS~ You lie!!!!!
Can't make it more expensive than ObamaCare, deductible up 130% & premium up 120%. Not an ounce of concern from Dems when that happened
Good job keeping eye on the ball. Let DT admin tie itself n knots over Russia connection  while D's stop R's on the hill.Let them dig holes
Why does congress have better healthcare insurance than the voters?
Hussain care sucks,  expensive and too much out of pocket and this idiot should be blamed for it, the same person who is an obstructionist
Children 26 years of age should not be on their parents insurance.  They are adults.  Should get their own.  Ridiculous!!!
We would all be silly if we thought this healthcare issue would be solved in the 1st or even 4th go round. The American people aren't stupid
#KillTheBill
I don't believe a word you say, Sen. Schumer.
Who finally got him to admit.
Please keep fighting against this bill!!!! You're doing great. #fromaconstituent #585

As @SenateMajLdr prepares a revised #HealthcareBill, am sharing this post by @other98 laying out the #SinglePayer math pretty clearly. #ACA 
Experts & insurers concur that ACA was abject disaster but lyin Chuck is fighting tooth & nail to keep. Not about people but legacy #phony

Throw Cruz out with the rest of WH trash.
Healthcare was so much better before Obama care... Democrats should be ashamed of how our healthcare is now..
Look at the current healthcare you and your friends shoved down our throats... You don't seem to proud of that now...
Really???? I can't afford mine now, I could before obama care.
MT "@SenTedCruz was born under the Canadian health system" moreover he & his family have tax paid ceversge 4 life .@CNN
Ryan can not be trusted
Since when does that bother you, fake-tears?
Your Plan, Schmuckster?
Chuck E,  just go away please , you and you cadre of anti Trump Demon crats are finished.
They dont give a damn Chuck.  Only care about more $ in their pockets not about the Anerican people.
Its NOT healthcare ! Its Insurance for the Lazy and Ilegals off the Backs of the hard working Citizens ! Stay the Hell out of our Healthcare
Stop the GOP Healthcare millions of American ppl will die.  GOP/DEM/IND take Obamacare work together fix the parts that don't work
CRUZ CONTROL?
Tell us about your insurance Chucky
Senate & Congress have to use the new healthcare, that's why they don't want it. Try being honest for once Chuck!! 
Ted is trying to screw as many poor & elderly Americans as he can, party & personal agenda is his focus
I have a friend paying $3,000 a month for 3 people, 1 is disabled child. Single friends paying $900 a month & don't make high deductible.
You just tell lie after lie after lie, don't you Chuckie.
Chuckie the clown  is killy people right now.
Name one thing govt ever saves money on? It's endless spending and o-care is no different .
Why does it cost me 75.00 cash for doctor visit but 168.00 if I use insurance?CATSCAN 350 cash but 2200 insurance price?
With all the O-care regulations u put in place no wonder health insurance sky rocketed. But u won't consider free market alternatives
Yes, we wouldn't want give anyone a choice in their own healthcare outside the govt box u put everyone in.
Anything is better than Obamacare!!!
Lie!
Y do u ppl ignore the cost ACA is on us?
I want your healthcare chuckles!!
Only 8 million mostly illegals n immigrants get the Failure 8 years pres obama...FREE Failed ObamaCare. Taxpayers pay for anti-Americans.
U don't like it? That's surprising? 
No.
Chuck Schumer.....Stop your blocking now!
Lying crying chuckie still at it #crying chuckie
Anything the Republicans do will be a disaster for the health care system.
And you know this because you have dug deep into the details before you opened your face cave?

STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION!!
Of course it will. Is Mitch trying to kill this thing? No one like Cruz. How can he broker a deal?
Anybody with half a brain knows this! Amazing how Trump leads his sheep to slaughter.
WSJ this morning points out the negative impact of yr slimy scheming to disrupt functioning of US Govt. What goes around comes around!
Get off twitter and come up with fixes to health care instead of finger pointing
Hang in there Senator.  We actually may get to debate and work a bipartisan bill that is good for All Americans.
Between You Pelosi The Fake Indian , Watabitch Water's  ALL of you Should be Arrested, Tried, and Imprisoned
Stop obstructing government Schumer!  People are tired of it and want you to work with the new administration.
U can believe the fact that you will not be reelected and you will be a normal citizen someday, and if we the people can help it Prison 4 U
Repeal the whole law and save America or let it die and let the people see you have no interest in saving them
Instead of complaining about GOP Plan, why not add your wisdom to make it better.  Perhaps you don't have anything to offer....challenge!
Democrats have lost all credibility! ObamaFAIL is a disaster @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @GOP @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump @HouseGOP have this
No it would not you are only fooling your stupid followers not the rest of America thank goodness stupid is a minority
@BanjoPat1 You ALL know that Cruz is a sociopath and pathological liar whose only concern is himself! That was evident early on!
The GOPers are now following Cruz?? I was under the impression that most hated him? Desperation is setting in if he's the answer!
Is it true the bill covered conditions but not treatments? Diabolical!
Sen Schumer u need to keep fighting for us!!
How would you know Chuck? Layout facts to support your views. Ramblin on again Chuck.
Yeah and we are saving and have more choices with Obamacare?
Cryin' Chuck lying about Healthcare again just like he did with NObamacare. #zerocredibility
Explain, Chuckles....it's easy to make empty statements
Lower- and middle-class citizens don't make enough $$ to use HSAs, either.
@NancyPelosi I am so sick of you lying Communist Democrats, all you are good for is destroying America.We are fed up with your Russia farce!
@MarkWarner Here's is ur criminals.Their crimes are so many no witch hunt required. They're a disgrace to , corrupting every dept. in Gov
I'm a firm believer that if you're not part of the solution, you are part of the problem!
Why don't u try and give some legitimate healthcare ideas? Obamacare will not work and was never meant to.

It's HORRIBLE!
England has the best healthcare system. Talk to them.
They choose 2 let a baby die even when there is possible help &seven if parents pay for it.
Pricing people right the hell out the market
YES..PLEASE explain this to CONGRESS then a PRIORITY MEMO to SENATE..WE THE PEOPLE ARE GETTING ROUGHED UP TRYING TO SPEAK TO OUR REPS

Pretty clear where Cruz is coming from
Don't let him get away with this 
All health issues should be in all policies. Is someone needs a particular coverage they can add it. Birth control, sex change, baby.
What is your plan?
Just. Kill. This. God-awful. BILL.
He does not care-- he'd like it to be CruzCare, cheaper faster better and the Veterinarian  is an option..
#KillTheBill #NoTrumpCare #NoRepeal #FixACA #ACA #VetoTheBill #CallThemAll #SaveMedicare #MedicaidnotMillionaires #NoWealthCare #BREAKING 
no suprise there...
Let make sure it never see's the light of day. @SenTedCruz Sorry no sale and please do not run for reelection you are going lose badly
Blah blah blah
You had a lower approval rating than Trump, Ryan, and McConnell in latest poll. Keep tweeting, you are really helping the GOP
Please explain
Ask @tedcruz to give up HIS @Obamacare first. Ted just couldn't wait to get on O-care after his wife left her job...
How would you know you did not read the last one you are a nut.
It figures. These liars.
Cruz is full of shyt. He just want air time
 He will vote for the current Bill. He's really irritating. I wish he'd move back to Cuba.
You're full of it
several years ago i had to get a out of coverage test and the care com said the cost would almost be 1 k which i would not be able to pay4
Premiums are already so high, insurance isn't affordable now. Insurance costs only stay low when no one uses it
Ur delusional!
More expensive than Obama care??? I don't think so. You Dems hammered the American ppl good
you read this bikkg
OBSTRUCTIONIST AND LIAR!!!  You should be ashamed of yourself, but sadly you have no morals thus your false comments. Disgusting! Smh
Horsepoop!!
Liar
How about we #Deport #TedCruz Back 2 #Canada where he Belongs?FACTUAL #TedCruz #CITIZENSHIP TIMELINE
Absolutely-- government can screw up a crowbar..Just saying..
Having you in the senate makes everything more expensive.
Only Ted Cruz could take something that is almost universally despised and make it worse
Of course it will, no doubt.
How did this even get though? Hating @tedcruz is one of the most bipartisan positions in Washington.
Cruzin' to bankruptcy.
That's because Cruz is a lobbiest that lets the insurance lobby write his amdt's then he is just the pitch man. Gets his loot & doesnt care!
And what about THIS from the GOP while no one is looking...
#LockDonJrUp
That's the point. They want poors to die. Camps were too obvious and private jails are getting a bad rap.
Ummm. Obamacrap already made healthcare more expensive and upped out-of-pocket expenses for ove 100M people. Obviously, you're a liar.
Lie Nothing is more expensive then ur beloved obama care It has failed and taxed the working people unfairly But u voted & passed this on us
So, single payer then?
And kill more babies.
So fight, get mad, be a loud leader. No more PC argue facts we need an equal to opposite action. #resist #healthcare
Shut up politician 
#HystericalBoobs
Hey Chuckles if you're party would have done the right thing with Healthcare we wouldn't have this problem would we? It was all about votes.
Why oh why is the GOP trying to kill us all?
u schumer and the matzoh ball u rode in on @mfay1957
What do you know? GOP showing no concern for "average" Americans & higher costs don't matter to the wealthy, do they?
Unacceptable. Thanks for having my back, Chuck.
You're mistaken, he doesn't have your back. He only has his own back!  Smh
Says the dunce who gave us Obumacare.
Please just go away.....
GOP,with 70 votes to repeal ACA, was preaching to only donor class. GOP voters never realized how much ACA & medicaid exp covered. NO ACHA!
On whose back?!?!  Clueless!!!
They always just wanted to repeal then Trump came around and said replace they didn't have that part in the plan
Wrong
Time for @SenateDems to act to stop this bill with moderate patriotic @republicans -if they exist- and #stateGovernors
These are the same Machiavellians that want to take away the food   stamps, and healthcare from the poor. because they have money and HC!
FALSE!
....and BTW you all need the SAME healthcare as what you push off on the citizens
Oh and the fact is that there are some people that will NOT have insurance regardless of what you D.C. Morons pass.......
Let's just b honest, Repubs don't give a shit @ any of us peasants
I haven't seen your plan chuckie. All you do is gripe and moan. Present a plan!!!

U dont know that...u are the king of making negative things up to meet ur partisan anti trump narrative.  R u an oracle!
No way ! Please stop this ! My mom is 92 lost her fortune due to W is on Medicaid help !!!
Please be ready to jump in with single payer. Did u see NYT piece saying it will be least costly?
"Single payer"=socialized health care ?doesntvwork and is TERRIBLE. My comments based on personal experience. You know not what you say!!!
What is wrong with him? We will catch up at the elections. Vote, vote, vote, but just vote once (we don't want Trump up all night). LOL!!!
Is the gop just looking for new and different ways to trick us?
Are you related to Waters or Pelosi since you're similar in dumb comments?
Where is the chuckles amendment
@SenTedCruz CRAZY like a fox; imbalance for the markets to overload premiums on us older, sicker folks....best markets take all-comers
Cruz, Ryan , McConnell, all of them should be hauled out of their offices and kicked right down the stairs and fired.
The success of @SenTedCruz plan to change GOP ObamaCare repeal bill hinges on CBO score and nobody asking to see his birth certificate.
True I agree
criticize, criticize, criticize, do you have a plan, a solution, a thought, no not now, not ever, u really need to step up your game dude,
What the heck is wrong with Mitch?  He really needs to get his head out of his buttocks!
Tell them. Then offer an alternative and start talking to each other.
Again, nothing positive from Chuck & the dem's, a continuation of the sky is falling strategy, so sick of liberals! Obamacare sucked Chuck
HSA's don't help ppl who are barely living paycheck to paycheck
But lower taxes can help you build your HSA. We need both healthcare and lowered taxes done ASAP.
Just keep obstructing you and your party or not relevant any more. Keep it up and enjoy your last term chuckles #maga#termlimits
IT COULD NOT POSSIBLY........ EVEN FOR A SECOND GET MORE EXPENSIVE Than I'm paying now........ you are lying to the people who elected you.
Where can I read that?
Hahahahaha c'mon Chuck!  Hahahahhahaagaha,no ,really, hahahaha c'mon and stop with the lies, hahahahahahahahahahahaaahhhaaahahahahahahahaha!
Tell us more Revelations from your crystal ball fake tears..
That's false *
Pretty sure if you weren't exempted out of insurance debacle, you would be motivated to fix it. Now, it's just a political propaganda weapon
Exactly...they want to keep their Cadillac plan, that's why Dems and some Reps won't agree with it. It's always about them not We The People
Sure couldn't be any worse than what we have now. It takes 1/4 of our income for SS and coverage. I say repeal and replace.
I imagine most things Ted Cruz does makes things worse. Isn't there a reason people on Capitol Hill don't like him much?
