I'm hopeful we're nearing an agreement that makes clear we wont support @POTUS' efforts at sabotage. 2/
If @POTUS now supports agreement that stabilizes & improves the existing system under the #ACA, we certainly welcome his change of heart.
If you and the @SenateDems wouldn’t have screwed us with Obamacare then our rates wouldn’t have skyrocketed. Let Trump do his thing.
Lying..fake..rat dems....youve done nothing but mouth off and Trump bash..should have your asses booted out of congress....anti AMERICAN
I haven't seen any effort or plan on your party's part to solve anything.
There is a bipartisan committee working on it right now.
Promises...promises...

Good.

During the past 8 years, health care premiums have doubled to tripled.  I know as a small business.  Obama care does not work for my company
And with a stroke of a pen our president did so without any help from Congress, especially you guys.
It's time to prove once and for all how the GOP have undermined Affordable Health Care since its Inception
Stabilize markets!  You and party failed.... with 20... 30% increases in premiums... plus ins. companies pulling out... the ACA IS A JOKE!
Lie
How is it a lie?
Bipartisan nothing ever from Schumer for start lie. Than the fact that he has done what in 30 years. Time to vote that guy out
You would have said that at any point during his career. Practically meaningless.
Always said that are you suggesting his lack of continues accomplishment is reason to keep him
For months you have done nothing but obstruct, why dont you do your job? Grand standing is not a job
chucky
Your plan to "stabilize markets" is just Dem speak: take it from taxpayers & fill the insurance co pockets to get me some campaign $$!
BS.  
You created this #PonziScheme 
How many Congressmen have Stock in the Insurance companies that were getting Government subsidies?
You do realize it goes to help those 7 million who need help paying for their insurance right? AKA if you are poor...
Nope they built this to Fail and to get rich off of it
You don't become Millionaires on $175K year salary #PonziScheme
Obviously you have no idea what you're actually talking about. Bot on bro.
And obviously you have your head so far up your ass you can't see daylight 
I hope your Proud of the monsters you support
Oh yeah, and pretty sure this guy bragged about grabbing women by the pussy and has several pending accusers. #justsaying 
Chuck / the only thing you're working on it putting our President down.   More than 250 bills are in the senate-get working
And?
captain bullshit strikes again.
Why didn't you do this to begin with?Democrats pushed a terrible healthcare through without even knowing what was in the bill.
Chucky stop saying bipartisan. In your world means if they do as I say. Trying to put the failing ACA on admin “sabotage” is laughable.
Bullshit there up and your insurance Friends are rich

You want to improve it but on your own terms. That's not working together that is dems once again being obstructionist so nothing gets done
You haven't done anything for anyone but yourself! You're a 'deep state' operative in cahoots with senate RINOs (mccant, graham cracker).
We all ready know that you will do nothing but resist, resist and resist! That is your platform!
You could have fooled me!
Yet you fail over and over and over again
The Democratic Party should be renamed the Idiocracy Party! Whats crazy is you actually believe the crap that you & @NancyPelosi spill out!
All you do is sabotage.  Nothing gets done.      I don't know how Dems and Rep are still voted in.  No one gets anything done together
for years 8 years to be exact and u still have a mess on your hands. u own it chuckee, you and ole nanc.
bs
Chucky Chuck the liar you've done nothing since he's been voted in except for the impede progress you're not acting in the best interest USA
Here are Schumer’s 2016 Senate campaign contributions according to Open Secrets. The contributions contradict his "populist" rhetoric.
Chuckie you lie! You and Democrats and Insurance Companies have been raping the American People for too long!
Why the hell don't elected dems call out this lying buffoon in the WH! GET LOUD! Enough with this policy crap.
Liar
Dems destabilized  health insurance forcing through Obamacare,flawed designed program built on goals of welfare,redistribution,not insurance
How do you sleep at night?
One lie after another you did the damage and ruined Healthcare for your own profit and this is how you help?
BS, McCain is NOT considered bipartisan or GOP, he is a Democrat with an R behind his name. ACA did not keep premiums down. #FAIL
So the ACA has failed, by your own words. YOU promised the ACA was to keep premiums down, didn't happen.
Really Chuck? You must be terrible at what you do. Premiums have doubled and tripled to the point that I couldn't afford insurance anymore.
Been a reg. Dem for 46 yrs.
The only way to make changes is to begin with political finance reform.  Money ruling elections on every side
Really? Please tell me this happened. If not, you are a liar Chuckie!
If all sides keep referencing "millions of Americans" you're not adding clarity by sounding the same. Quote CBO instead of hyperbole. Data
No you haven't!  I told you already,  our EYES &EARS are WIDE OPEN, Stop LYING!#UNTRUSTWORTHY
#Obamacare built by @POTUS44 Hussein @BarackObama & @TheDemocrats w sink like a rock w/o gov't support!!! 

Premiums up #Obstructionists!
Dems don’t have power. You need to work with Repubs. Anything but is obstruction!
for 7 yrs aca has been funded illegally by presidential decree. for 7 yrs congress has neglected their reponsibility to fund it. will u now?
Schumer learned lying from some of the best ever, Barak Hussein Obama and Hillary Clinton.
Schummer's lies make me want to vomit, he and the democrats just can't seem to tell the truth about anything.
Democrats have for years screwed the American tax payer with higher premiums, who are you kidding?
Democrats have raised premiums and taxes for years, how stupid their constituents are for believing otherwise.
Screw all this bullshit! DO SOMETHING TO GET TRUMP THE FUCK OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE, BEFORE ITS TO LATE CHUCK!!!!
Are you high(again)?
It's your mess chucky, Trump is just putting it to death to save this country. Pass it then you can read it chucky.
Get a life chuck.
No. It true my wallet proves it
Repeal Obamacare. The president just did the replace.
Ur full of it. Liar
What is your plan? Spend taxpayer money to prop up the greedy insurance companies who collect premiums & subsidies for useless insurance?
Have every Democrats talk about that for the next 18 news cycles!!!!!!
But yet nothing has been done right old Chuckie boy
cryin chuck, the aca subsidies are an illegal tax. Of course your congressional subsidy is illegal as well. When r u boys going to repeal it
Chuck, your dem Obama don’t care severely hurt my family and my small medical company! You created this mess.
We need a better slogan than "A Better Deal". Something that indicates that "the people" are what makes us great, not big money.
schum is a circus clown
This is a guy who does nothing for a living! Why pay any attention to him?

BS u demand things and guess what? You’re not president
U cant be serious! Wow can u lie so easily
You need a job at Burger King because that's one big whopper of a lie chuck!
Make your programs more known.
This is new “fake news” the Democrats had 8 years to do something and did nothing.
And the republicans claimed they knew just what to do for 8, and they still have nothing.
Change the name so his is in it and tell him the people will think it's beautiful. He'll sign whatever. If you remind him to sign it. 
And Trump Screwed it All Up !
Keep premiums down? You have got to be kidding me. I am insurance poor because of you guys! Obama care is costing me thousands
Your ideas haven’t worked at all. You have stabilized nothing. Premiums are higher than ever. you’re high if you think it’s working.
Fake news! Keep telling yourself that you are working!
For months you've been blocking a president I elected to get rid of the ACA, which is nothing but a stepping stone to socialized medicine.
@POTUS So how’s that working for you?  Not very well considering the implosion and enormous increase in premiums! #fb
Shoving ACA down our throat and now everyone has a cough.  Your solution is obstruction.
Really!!!  Months?!  Wow thanks for showing up
Florida healthcare insurance premiums are going up 45%. You failed!!!
Well Chuckie....it ain't working
trump needs to be sues asap over ...millions losing h/c is no joke and will screw the whole economy
ATTENTION WORKING CLASS REPUBLICANS . Please watch this to the end: https://www.facebook.com/RBReich/videos/1735113743167881/ …
Not hard enuf! Trying to preserve Obama’s legacy and it’s a failure. Should have read b4 u passed it!
You didn't allow interstate associations and competition over  state lines which will keep natural group insurance prices down
All you do is block legislation.
What you say is scripted by your $$ Sources.
Premiums in NY going up again next year 30%  Where is this (secret)bipart plan? When will it be published? Fake news-TERM LIMITS!
If that's the case,  then why have premiums gone up every year???
How much did you make off OCARE?
No you haven't.
Lier lier pants on fire.
Hey chuck, I want the healthcare I'm paying for for Congress
Then I will believe you are at least attempting to be human
For 8 years you destroyed the middleclass. Too little too late
Chuck you are so full of it. Hey New York, you have a liar that wants to keep you in the poorhouse while he gets kickbacks from insurance
That's a bunch of bull Schumer!! All you dems in Congress R doing is stalling @POTUS nomination& dragging things out. OR you're on vacation!
You don't give a crapy about working Americans or you would go behind closed doors instead of media to get bipartisan
You should have done this with the last administration, but instead you brought this nightmare on!
Nopie. You act like no one is watching and paying attention. Really?
For months? WTF
Liar
How's that working ?
youre smoking crack Shroomer, 1650/month for ins? OUTRAGEOUS.  Get a real job and pay what we pay. oh thats right 4 legs good 2 legs better
What a JOKE!  There never were any stable markets under Obamacare.  The economics are FUNDAMENTALLY BROKEN.
U & u r party have done nothing but obstruct. Retire already. Term limits! U r all WAY OVER PAID whiney embarrassments. Smdh
Somehow, I just don't believe you.
Premiums aren't going down because Obamacare is a failed law. Premiums have been going ever since it went into effect.
Your a lying reprobate....
Stop giving me American people a handjob. Not  once have you offered up any ideas. A better deal? What the hell is a better deal?
What happened the last eight years? You've been working hard for months?
What a lie.
Dems need to get it together and stop bickering- Take in the fringe green party etc- start fighting like a Repub and stop whimpering around
You haven't done a damned thing except flap your gums. TERM LIMITS Chuckie!
Bullshit @SenSchumer!  Months? Well how long does it take? You’re a LIAR!
Stabilize markets? Rate are skyrocketing. You probably should have worked harder...
You've got to do your job as Congress & get that maniac out of our White House.  Speak up, like Sen. Corker & Sen McCain, (both GOP!)
More lies
How can so many insurers have FOR-PROFIT status? They refer to billions in profits as RESERVES & pay their execs millions.
And @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand want to keep #ACA illegal corporate welfare payments going
Didn't work, my premium went up 65%
If #ACA is so great why did you exempt yourself as well as your staff from #Obamacare. Let’s see you and other Senators sign up?
Getting bad when the deductibles are higher than the premiums
history tell me not to believe a thing you say,DEMO-rat
You're lying. You obstruct! Time to retire chucky. Take nancy and maxine with you

No, you and Dems have done everything to keep premiums high. You thought by subsidizing the insurance companies would help. It didn’t.
NFL players promote hate and disrespect towards those who protect our country, military,  police . And show disrespect to it fans !
Are you high. #takeadrugtest
CHUCK THAT'S THE WORST BOVINE CRAP: You've come up with yet! Your party stole from Freddie & Fannie to subside the ill conceived broke plan!
BS.  You guys have done nothing but resist....U deserve what you have coming in November 2018!!
no you haven’t
Spell check Chuck....
Months? Or has it been 8 years? Time to work across the aisle and do your job!
Bull$hit you been trying to find dirt on Trump and fighting to keep Ovommitcare.
You outright lie. Obamacare was designed to fail so you could Marxist up and force single payer.
For months? Why weren't you working on it when Obama was in office and premiums were skyrocketing? It's too late for you now. You lost.
By raising taxes on everyone, with Dem ppl always pay ever more
blah blah blah blah blah Chucky
Liar!
Fake news !
Chuck keep telling urself that ur helping. U & Dem’s R just a p i a. No help just in the way. U just bitch & say the same crap repeatedly.
Lies
I would tweet something profound but my fellow pachyderms are already kicking this ass in his ass ~ Chuckie u n Pelosi are swamp thing 1&2
Funny how you were all exempt.
Obamacare forced my family to pay a high monthly payment or the penalty was on your taxes no thanks
Does anyone think that he ever reads the tweet responses that he gets. If he did, he'd switch positions tomorrow. He is pure evil. Chuck u!

Forget the 45 crew, they want to hurt us,any way they that is why they put in the snake oil salesman he is the best they could find
Hypocrite why didn't u & ur pack do that when ur beloved obama care was forced upon us U have made ur insur lobby buds very rich w/ r rates
Chuck, you lie. You never even attempted to work across the aisle.
Thank you for all you’re doing on our behalf!! 
He's doing nothing for you. Wake up and look around
Medicare For All Now!!!
ACA = Raging dumpster fire! Rates have only skyrocketed since it passed
Trump just can’t help lying when the cameras are on! Plus he mentioned multiple times how unique both he and his plans are even though false
Stay strong Chuck, 45 is not worth his word as you can, play his game to the end
And theRepublicanshave done absolutely nothing except work hand and foot with SteveBannon and DonaldTrump lying destroying America lying
Bs
Really haven't heard about it from your media. Full of it I think. #obstruction #AmericaFirst #repeal
All I have seen is abstrutionist
Keep working but assure ACA participants don't get stiffed.
So what became of that. Do work with 45 and GOP gang? Or do you just post. Work harder.
And how is that going with a Dotard at the top?
You have obstructed at every turn& now u r boxed in cause illegal subsidies to your insurance buddies are in jeopardy. Tell the truth.
Work harder it’s not enough. He is ruining this country
You really do believe this crap your selling Chuckie? Get some help my friend!
Obama subsidiaries were illegal did not go through Congress it was an executive order come on Chucky you know that stop lying
Wrong! I call BS Chuckie.
If that’s True why has Premiums doubled?
LAIR
All Democrats OWN the failure of Obamacare. You ALL voted for it. You passed Obamacare knowing it would FAIL!!  LIAR!!!
Chuck; your babbling again. You asked me to tell you when you make things up.
Hard to be bipartisan when you dems won't agree on anything!
