WATCH LIVE: Police are trying to wrangle a cow on the loose in #Brooklyn http://4.nbcny.com/PEpeWOi  
Oh you miss a lot more than you know. Lots goes over your head!
What a bunch of BULL.
crooked Chuckie,
Chuck, do us a favor and wrangle the cow out of the Oval Office, we are over it.
That would be our great president you are talking http://about.You  act like a 5 year old.
New Yorkers have known Trump for a long time, and we know there's nothing "great" about him except his ego and total absence of class.
I  will give he has a big ego without it he would not survive like he has.I really think he wants to MAGA.
"Survive" what? His 69th day of golfing as California burns, Puerto Rico becomes a bonafide humanitarian crisis, & he ignores dead soldiers?
Oh I'm sorry should he work 24/7 get real please.He still has a right to have down time.Sure he would like to golf with friend then senator
If he wanted to golf w/o criticism, then maybe he shouldn't have lied that he'd be working so hard he wouldn't even have time to play golf.
He does business at the golf course.
But...How dumb are Brooklyn cops? What the hell do they know about a cow? #CallSomeoneWhoKnows
I'd rather have a cow on the loose in @WhiteHouse than @realDonaldTrump. Can we point that cow south down I95?
When will people realize cows suffer (that’s why they escape) and become vegetarian?
Still can't believe you're not addressing this uranium one deal that is hitting the fan
Wondering why you voted Callista Gingrich in as Vatican Ambassador? #shameful
Shut up Chuck, nobody likes you.  You're probably a Mets fan anyways...
#PinstripePride and #holycow ....Phil Rizzuto is cheering for both!!
Are you also celebrating the Trump admins phenomenal triumphs over ISIS.  Great job President Trump!
Saved by a MOO!
Where is the democrat outrage for trumps total disaster with another Gold Star Family, Wife of Sgt Johnson .
Finally something you can be proud of old Chuckie boy
Glad to see he’s not returning to the slaughterhouse. There was an incident just like this in Queens about a year ago.
Celebrating another day of doing Jack Shit and getting paid for it..you are a piece of work
No one takes you serious Go spend money on ad: show people dangers of not voting or in political process Senator!
Participating*
Well don't miss voting for tax cuts.
Why would he? It's something that would benefit all of the American people. He's a Democrat.
Not a cow just another typical dem tying to get out of schumers city.
In sure you can relate to the bull (sh!t). Great story.
So when is Congress going to do something about this? Were you in on it too?
dont let Iran and NK
Rosie got loose?
A Tree Grows in Brooklyn and a cow hides behind it in Prospect Park!
If Schumer is pulling for the Yankees then I must pull for the Astros!
We need a third chance... Get of out the senate.
too bad our congress won't save us from Ryan, Tea, Koch Trump.
Party over Const., what a congress!
Senator...wondering if you can help! #WeThePeople have been SCREAMING about the deplorable state of @NYCACC! Risa Weinstock's mission is...
to MURDER as many animals as she can & @BilldeBlasio will DO NOTHING!! @NYCACC is a nightmare for any animal who ends up there!!!
And pople r still buying your lies chucky chuck incredible
Don’t believe this is a cow. It looks like either a bull or a steer. Feel sorry for it. Man’s inhumanity to animals.


Puerto Rico's secretary of state filmed this in a dumpster.. AID thrown away & mishandled & they blame @POTUS 

Oh st fu
And Chuckie it's not a cow, it's a steer. Get out of the city and see how most of America lives.
Lmao a cow on the loose! Go Yankees! What a night for the NYC boroughs!
All I saw was "New York has a lot to celebrate," and I immediately thought #Sleazeball #Schumer resigned. But he didn't, and I'm sad. 
I'll root for the cow. But the Yankees? Never!
I didn't know DEAD PEOPLE WIN!
Oh my, you should be watching Hannity ! Lots of explaining coming from your side really fast .
A cow in Brooklyn??? Most have never seen a cow, or a conservative, or cigarettes that cost under 5$ a pack. The 3 C's
Maybe everyone should see a calf grow up and be slaughtered so we can see how we come to fill our arteries with animal fat and give ourselves heart attacks. Better yet, see the baby calf stand in a cage for a couple weeks after being birn and then slaughtered for veal, yummy
I'm not about slaughtering baby's human or animal. But, I love my pets, eat meat and wear leather and fur and not a hypocrite about it.
Which is more than I can say about the PETA Nazis. Do your thing, I do mine. It's a free country last time I checked.
You miss everything Chuck.
Hahahahaha!
Yeah your hilarious too.

Mr Schumer  Maybe Trump might give his next salary gift  to widows of 4 military KIA 2B split kids college?
Trump to pregnant widow of U.S. Army Sgt. La David Johnson's: "he knew what he signed up for" https://www.local10.com/news/politics/trump-speaks-to-widow-of-sgt-la-david-johnson … 
I hear the Trump sons enjoy shooting large animals.
Buy some $10,000 tickets to a play and enjoy!
Minority Leader, @SenSchumer  of New York;  The U.S. Senate has gaveled-out for the day. @YANKEES WIN☻☻☻
Please resign and return all the money the Kremlin gave you
I thought Killary was out of the country.
Nice looking bull and that’s no bull
I'd rather celebrate your retirement along with your buds McCain, Pelosi, Waters, Warren, and a handful of others.
Good comeback win for the Yankees tonight.  Go Yankees!
Do you have any comments about Russian Uranium 1?
Hipster cow hits the streets of Brooklyn
Mr. Schumer do you have any comments on the Rangers performing so poorly this year. It's early but they are not hot
oh man lol. Poor confused cow has stumbled into a cement pasture.
I always root for the runaway livestock!
New Yorkers would have a lot to celebrate with you out of office.
Maybe if he were a Republican...?
FIX THE SUBWAY
HELP PUERTO RICO
Redirect your complaints about the subway (definitely warranted) to Governor Cuomo plz. Senator Schumer is not involved in NYS politics
Mr Schumer would you spend some time golfing with Trump some weekend & talk to him about using better words w pregnant military widows
why  not, you  miss everything else.
How did a cow get to Brooklyn?
Practice. And a trust fund to buy a two-bedroom condo with a separate hay room.
