Thanks to the first responders, fire fighters & law enforcement working around the clock to save lives & get more people out of danger.
what are you going to do when Trump blocks support for those people? CA didn't vote for Trump.
We have flooding Chuck....in your state because of your initiatives
Do that if you wish, but you are in a position to enact relevant policy. Please do so.
#hanity
Don’t tell me about bad wildfires Chuckie. I spent 1.5 months in smoke, heavy smoke and watched my state burn under 55 active fires.  SMH
Considering the CIA connections to ISIS, Chuckles, are you praying for victims to be saved, or for them to be consumed?
How about that revolving door between Obama's "moderate rebels" and ISIS, and the ease of moving from one group to the other?
You certainly must be wondering how many "moderate ISIS rebels" have been brought into the US to continue the fight here.
Let socialist California burn. They want to succeed from the rest of country let them deal with these firestorm’s by themselves
But you'll continue to take their tax dollars, right?
So take action. Climate change is to blame.
We should outlaw fire like we do guns and drugs that’ll stop them
Oh so you pray now?? Hmmm

How very tolerant and inclusive of you. This is offensive to people with sub par IQs. Why would you attack a whole group of people?
Don't get a hard on - his cult base isn't that big & if the shoe fits, wear it !!
It was big enough to win the presidency sooooo..... "but he didn't win the popular vote" I'll save you time on your presumed rebuttal.

I believe a vast majority believe that about liberals.
What vast majority ??  Less than a third of the country are Returdlikkkans that voted for the Moron In Chief !!  Check your figures !!
Meanwhile back at the white house, or golf course,  our liddle potus l
Joyce wake up.
Communists don't believe in God....
Why don't you pass more laws forbidding wildfires from spreading? That'll fix it. Just like gun control.
Typical lefty state...letting it all burn ala Baltimore
CA spent so much on liberal causes they have nothing to spend fighting fires. And fire fighter unions probably only working 8 hr shifts.
They are probably setting them on purpose knowing you will send more tax $$$$$ their way.  They don't care any more than you don't.
Again, we are operating with no President!
What's next the whole country gets swallowed up...and he will still be beefing with NFL & others
Dee ,what is it? Your brain is the size of a small bean bag ,get over it.
Prayers are nice I guess. Perhaps working on. Climate change solutions would be helpful
Melissa gd point on prayer. Howevr, evn if pple were nt on ths glbe thre hs been, & alwys wil b, climte chnge. Ice age past. Ice age future.
It turns out that the government has been manipulating climate computer models
Please pass something that reins in the President. We can't take a WWIII!
Amer  plnty awre disastrs around globe. We dn't need tweets frm polititions who shld b wrking!!
& the gd book says nt 2 advrtize ur prayer!
Must be climate change. No?
Why isn't the state putting them.out???
So, what are YOU doing to help??
Terrorist fire???
CA has a fire and the world ends Montana has 55 different fires and@no one could give 2 shits let alone a fahq. GD hypocrites! Piss off! 
When do you speak out against the sexual predator who helped finance your campaign? #HarveyWeinstein
Maybe the criminal illegals California protects will return the favor and put them out.
Why do you not go after fire lighters?
Out law fire!!!
they should pray for the firefighters and giving your taxes to them not sanctuary cities
Maybe California should gather up all the illegals and put a bucket of water in their hands.
Amen.
Whatever you do don't give California any federal funds! Their movie stars/football teams have the money to rebuild the entire state!
https://www.gofundme.com/get-trump-and-crew-out-of-wash?pc=tw_co_share_m&rcid=r01-150765882784-8751391557584add … via @gofundme
Is this the predecessor to the Blame Trump for the fires tweet or did you tell Gillibrand to tweet that one
Thanks,  fake potus doesn’t seem to know what’s happening.
That is why you as the property owner fund property insurance each month.
And yet the Moron In Chief has yet to mention a single word about it !!
@realDonaldTrump  @VP
Your team eats it's own. This is why you lose. Working class don't buy any of your lies and are watching the left destroy itself.
Yes.  Also, please don't forget Puerto Rico.  Trumpf is not doing nearly enough to help them.
Praying does nothing for victims, lives are gone, destroyed by fire & flood & wind. Voting in '18 will help more people.
I don't see your President tweeting about this.  Are the fires threatening some brown people, perhaps?
Another racist trying2use the race cardPres DT cares about all US Citizens no matter of their skin colorIt's too bad u arent like that
You must be an angry"brown person"Leave race out of things & people won't noticeRacist are ALWAYS looking to somehow be a victim
Well if he isn't your President, you must not live in the US, so why are you worried about what he does & does not do
Send mine prayers later
We need to pray for everyone  including the firefighters.
Hope they are given support as well as continued support for 3.5 million Americans living in Puerto Rico..... remember them???
Is this trumps fault too?
You should try a little more education before speaking of which you do not know. Hint, try fact checking. HIV people cannot donate blood.
Praying? You have a bit more power than that, Senator.
hey chuckie why aren't you talking about the rapist your seen praising and accepting money from. You fools are for woman? Ha
Amen! I’m and all with you! 
Thought I respected U but no more. Go golf wth ur buddy & stop wth the public prayers. So ashamed of #congress' lack of integrity! IMPEACH!
Time to ban trees as they are burning houses
Dems also have to deal with the Weinstein wild fire
And yet @realDonaldTrump tweeting abt @SenBobCorker #NFL #UnfitToBePresident
Yet, our Moron-in-Chief worries more about his IQ test than the suffering of his citizens in CA & Puerto Rico. The man-baby is pouting #sad
BostonMaga - typical ignorant response by a Bot !!
You have to pass a law now to stop the fires!!! It's the democrats solution to everything!
maybe think-up a fire-control bill
Did you start them?  I know how you like to fire things up.
Meanwhile, POTUS whining about his IQ.
I’d be more worried about anyone being hospitalized and receiving HIV Tainted blood #HIVbloodLaw
Sorry Chuck, praying does nothing except stroke the ego of the prayer. If people want to help, send clothes, money etc.
VOTE THIS ELITE #SCUMBAG OUT OF OFFICE
Victims can now receive HIV infected blood. Fo Calli!
Chuck, the prayers aren't going to work.  Please toss @realDonaldTrump in as a sacrifice!  Only he can prevent forest fires  #MAGA
Could you please state exactly what good "Praying for the victims" does?  I must be missing something ...
We don't need prayers.  We need FEMA.

Many families are without homes.
You could careless! Your just thinking about the votes In the next election!The people are becoming more and more aware of the lies of DEMs!
God answers no prayers whose hearts regard iniquity....by extension your prayers are ignored ...
Thank you Mr. President. 
Wait, the president is tweeting about #ESPN and #IQtest.
That's our real life.
Oh stop it Crying Schumer, you could care less about Americans.
Like you really care.....
No word and no help from Trump?  I guess not, they voted for Hillary.
Senate should do less praying & more helping people by providing financial assistance, preventive measures & reducing carbon footprint.
Pretty sure they'd like actual help not just prayers. Just sayin!
No we don't, remember we are a sanctuary state. SMH...
Mr Schumer, I am deeply concerned about the people of Puerto Rico & many not having access to basics. How are you helping this ?
