Putin's interference in our elections last yr. Attack on our democracy. House needs to pass Senate sanctions bill. https://www.dni.gov/files/documents/ICA_2017_01.pdf …
Putin's interference in the elections of our European allies & partners. We stand with our friends in Europe.
Putin's occupation and annexation of Crimea.
Putin's support to Russian-led separatists in the Donbas & failure to comply w Minsk Agreemts. We stand w/ our Ukrainian brothers & sisters.
In Syria, Putin's support to and cooperation with Assad regime, Iran, and Hezbollah. We stand with the Syrian people.
Putin's suppression of political dissent in Russia.
Putin's energy manipulation and coercion of our European partners and allies.
Putin's threatening of NATO allies, including deployment of Iskander missiles in Kaliningrad.
Urge Putin to work to mitigate the threat posed by North Korea's nuclear weapons program.
Putin's ongoing violations of INF treaty.
Putin and his oligarch's corruption and fleecing of Russia and its people.
do you have any thing in your mind, empty head!
Not Really that BAFFLING @realDonaldTrump Is in Bed wth Putin,If hes not he Should Release his TAXES He Also hasnt ACKNOWLEDGED Putin
Did you share your potato salad recipe with javanka this weekend at their party ?  #resistance #kabukitheater
It's baffling that you Senators have not threatened him with impeachment or your colleague, the traitor McConnell, with the same.
Chuck Schumer...I am convinced you are full of dooty.
Can you please be president?
Putin controls that agenda. Trump is there for a performance review.
He is remarkably unprepared and non-briefed. He talks from the seats of his pants. He is about to be had, again, by Putin.
Nah.Trump's just going to stand there with his hand out, begging for the pee tapes now that he's done his service to Mother Russia. #traitor
There are no pee tapes.  Try to leave the drivel to our enemies.
Urine poor company with that thought. Common wisdom trickles down to the fact there are PEE PEE TAPES, and not just yellow journalism
OMG sober up and read your memo Any idea who Demo going to have next shooting contract on
Considering how it went in Saudi, maybe he's going to hand over airplane jobs? He gave helicopter jobs to Saudi & the Carrier jobs to Mexico
trumps fascinated with Putin wants to be just like him, so trump will brag to him, give Putin more classified info & talk sanctions $$
Yes Trump scared of Putin, isnt quite sure in how many ways P has him by the b*lls, has no idea what to say or not say. In over his head.
Chuck...not confusing. He's going to talk about business deals, how to win 2020 election by rigging & how to make transition to dictator.
Oh...and how to bury the media.

Don't think Trump needs your help, Chuck!!
He started a list but ended after "Ride horseback shirtless."
"Ask for pee pee tape back"
If I was Trump, I would have FUN with all of you Democrats/media. Putin &  I would pretend that we are conspiring using the shhh method. LOL
While the Democrats / Media are running around like a woman and a mouse, Putin  & I would be LOLing our #ossoff
How much are trolls being paid these days?
Asking for a Republican...
Democrats are historically known to create the problem then to come forth with the SOLUTION to gain the "TRUST" of the WE THE PEOPLE. - FYI
I hope someone is going to make some "tapes"? for real?
Oh. I'm sure he has a specific agenda. But he'd probably be in legal trouble if he revealed it publicly.
No, it's common to publish agenda prior to, so ppl can plan ahead. Just framework, ext. details not needed
I understand that. My sarcastic point is that his agenda CAN'T be shared because what he's discussing with Putin probably skirts legality.
Gotcha. I suspect it resembles a rough draft of Treason for Dummies.
1999 Apartment bombings.
Baffling? Or just more of the same from @realDonaldTrump. Clueless-In-Chief is a grave danger to the world #25AmendmentNow
Democracy???????!!!!!!!!!
Trump isn't in the driver's seat. He's there to do his master's bidding.
@teenytinyflame @POTUS it's baffling to me that trump is potus. I will never respect a narcissistic misogynistic bully.
Like you were there to know that right Chuck?
@SenateGOP @SenateDems @DeptofDefense @StateDept Due to continuous leaks POTUS doesn't want Putin to be warned until they meet, smart move.
Maybe he will show his crowd sizes? Hope he doesn't hand over voter personal info
If only you were in charge...but you're NOT. In fact you're not even a MAJORITY...you're just a plant in the corner.
Imo it's bc it's the aides who are intended to do the talking whilst the old  is busy in photo ops. That's if nothing stupid is interjected
He will have an agenda when he returns from the meeting
I have NO confidence whatsoever that #45 will enter this meeting w/the U.S. best interests in mind. I believe his whole goal is Trump brand.
If "winging it" is a plan...
Don't forget: Putin's purchase of uranium from @HillaryClinton !
Hillary is gone. Don't try to distract from what the donkey in the black house is doing. It won't work here. Move on. I bite.

Ok. That's only said after you say something not nice so... What did ya say! Loll Have a good one!
Are you as terrified as we are?
He wants to restructure his debt, come on. Who thinks otherwise.
We knw y he had 2 meet putlin! POTUS thk him 4 win. Pple think putlin has info on Potus. Potus is play a dangerous game with Amex lives.
I think this mtng was planned last yr.  Trump in WH for 6 mos; then meet , evaluate, adjust plan and proceed to undermine the USA.
He doesn't have the attention span or intellectual capacity to think deeply (or at all) about these things. Can't *something* be done?
But he does. It so happens that it coincides with Putin's!
Sure he does...he just doesn't have to share it with you. If he did you'd attack him.
A loyal US POTUS would strongly address these issues. Wondering whether Trump will is wasted time; his loyalty is not to US or Constitution.
I'm sure if @POTUS wanted u to know he would have told u. Maybe if u stopped ur temper tantrum he might share
What's baffling is your inability to focus on what congress needs to do... instead you continually focus on a job which is not yours
stop whining
Save your breath Chuck..Putin is gonna sink more hooks into his big mouth. As he reveals more secrets Hopefully U.S./Euro intel can minimize
But none of these. Just whisper more secrets during pillow talk
Don't worry, he does have the best words.
But the House didn't pass it. Wonder why.
Isn't his agenda to appease Putin?  To lie down like the doormat he is?
Remember that dt has BILLIONS invested in Russian oil & planning future billions from deep ocean drilling & ruin the Arctic;thats y no epa
Well, we know that few things come to Trump's mind. If it doesn't have his name on it or shows his reflection, he's not interested. #TheAss
are you serious. His agenda is don't include listen to you because you would cut down anything he proposed.
Because 22 FBI investigations on 45s campaign are wrong. Media ,hillary and obamas fault. Lol hahhahaha. Oh i forgot democrats.
Oh Shelia.. they dont call em Democrats.. Anyone of speaks ill of Der Furhre is a Libtard regardless of political affiliation.
shucks Sheila :)
What's baffling is your party has no message for the American people except:
hate cops, the Flag, God, and the military.
hows that working?
Yes he does jerk, it's that he didn't tell you, because he doesn't have to! #MAGA
Thank GOD you are not going to see him...he would throw your ass out.  Trump knows what he is doing...he works for the USA, unlike you.
puppets don't set agendas for their Masters.
You're literally the prime example of the pussification of American males
Could it be, IDK ? A hidden agenda??
Obama/ Clinton  knew of Russia interference prior to election.  Had Hillary won, there wouldn't have been an issue.
When are you going to start getting serious, being Mr. Nice Guy is not going to save our democracy
In the days of evals,If a teacher showed up to teach without a plan, they'd be found incompetent and would be nudged out of the profession.
He Can't Very Well Outline The List Of Classified Secrets He's Getting ready To Give Putin...That Would Be TREASON!
Uh.  You must think #44 is going. They need to tell him he isn't safe alone w/Putin & must have sec. Svc. In room, slip in a couple G men.
Hey chuck if you are ever elected president then you may have an opinion
He should just show up and cry like we do
How about a reset button #baffoon
Where is all of the proof that Trump is tied to Putin?  Of course other than fake news
You could have stopped at @POTUS "doesn't have a specific agenda". He's proven that time and time again.
Yeah he's going to be kissing Putin's ass. Then he's going to ask about building TRUMP MOSCOW
Ever think he's not obligated to tell YOU his agenda
Schumer 2020
I think he has an agenda.  He just doesn't want us to see it.
Also on the agenda:  How to solve the annoyances of a free press.
If we could get Mich McConnell out Dem & Rep will talk,McConnell is in with Trump check him out,
#putin  is gonna compliment #trump and then trump is gonna be like putty in his hands.  #PutinsPuppet
I don't think there's gonna be much talking
Well put Senator Schumer, his big proposal is a global trademark for "Putin Plaza" with a follow through plan for a PP at every TT......
who cares what sissy boy thinks
They will probably deep-tongue kiss for the first 10 minutes....then take it from there 
You don't have any clue on being a senator you hack!!
There is likely a reason for no agenda. Comrade has made one. 
Not to worry: I'm sure @PutinRF has one.
Just a simple meet and greet & @realDonaldTrump will assure Putin he'll have more flexibility after election.
Trump unscripted is asking for trouble... his aides are committing governmental malpractice.
A sardonic note of bewilderment, I assume. Trump's agenda is to indulge his fantasies and little else.
Are u serious?  U actually believe DT is not going to suck up to Putin as he did in the White House with Larov & Kislyak !!
Geezzuz!!
How was hanging out with #Ivanka of #SweatShopShoes  this weekend?
Right on Chuck!  That said, he has an agenda, just doesn't want it known that he's there to pay the piper!
How about there both heads of nations. Damn I'm smart I should be doing your job.
Baffling you don't work for the American people. You just cry all the time. And if he does he dam sure wouldn't tell you
#TrumpStrong #Trump2020 #MAGA
When did you become president?

Sadly it's baffling that you have no problem partying in the Hamptons with #Jared and #Ivanka.
Can I have an extension on my loan until I rape America for more money
Dems don't have a clue agenda tell the Dems to get it together
How do you know @POTUS doesn't have an agenda?  Are you now his new best friend that he shares anything with you.  #GiveitupSchumer
No one cares what's on your mind upchuck! Your going to be surprised in the next 2 elections the size of your loses , time will tell.
Sure Charlie that's about the maximum it can hold.
You as usual don't know what part of the band you're playing in. All you know is as a Dem you must make sure NOTHING is accomplished.
What's funny is the fact that the left has no agenda at all
Not baffled. Putin has his agenda, get those sanctions dropped. Trump will ask, are you really that rich??
He'll probably ask where the closest golf courses are.
He has an agenda: to thank his master Putin for hacking and getting the moron elected.
"The 80's called, they want their foreign policy back." 

"I'll have more flexibility after the election"
Our forefathers are spinning in their graves. #WTF #ResistAndReplace #NoMoreChaos #WhatsSoFunnyBoutPeaceLoveAndUnderstanding
That's what the Man-Child SAYS...we both know that means nothing.

No one cares.  Can you get off this stuff and get a bipartisan infrastructure bill done this year.  We're living now, not the next election
Chuckie, he isn't going to tell you anything. I think your anger shows you have so much to hide.Not looking very stable? Just saying
Why would he clue you in on anything Chuck. You'll just twist it to fit your obstructionist agenda
You don't have a mind Schumer
Sez who, MR. INNUENDO?
our president will do his job !! you are not our president .. so get behind him Stop making trouble for America !
Good list, but we all know that Putin is Trumps puppet master. He and Pence have to be impeached and charged with treason.
 RUSSIA, MAYBE!!!!!RUSSIA
Do you realize you sound absolutely pathetic?!! Our @POTUS & Team have the right agenda. Count on it.
Ask Putin about Syria murdering 1,000s of prisoners with this crematorium
How do you know??
Those were the exact words of his NSA H.R. McMaster
How about real leaders trying not to destroy the earth? Just a guess....or thank him for winning the election for him? Don't think Chuck 
Come on, man. You know he has an agenda. That man has an agenda for tying his shoes.
That's bc they've been "meeting" all along. Just a few 'slaps on the back' & they're all caught up.
Why is Russia being given a radio station in DC, when they hit us with a disinformation campaign?
You know, that does seem like an awfully good question.
Chuck Schubert is a pile of garbage.
Once upon a time, US foreign policy was based on principles, not personalities
Putin's occupation and annexation of Crimea.
@jensstoltenberg @eucopresident for Europe,I think they should know the Russamus,estUkraine,Crimea,and the last winter.
for me, my job very simple RUMA & ENTRI. @US_EUCOM @NATO @estNATO @theresa_may @USArmy
Yessir?
It's baffling to none of us that he didn't share it with you
You are the one that is baffling
He should cry and wear fake glasses.....or get that reset button from Hillary ,,,  lots of thought was put into that
He defiantly does...he just does not share everything like president Obama did. Some things are okay to be top secret Mr. Schumer.
I think @jessebwatters would agree!
Scummer, keep your filthy, lying, deceptive mind away from this. 

We simply don't need any more of your ilk involved to ruin things
Because he is a Traitor and sold America to Russia~~WTF don't you understand. JFC get with it
You don't need a weatherman to tell which way the wind blows: Trump colluded with Putin.
What's baffling is that you keep getting reelected! Do your constituents get paid to vote for you or, do they just not care about the US?
45 does, he just can't tell us. Keeping what he's planning for the date with his boyfriend secret. 
#TrumpRussiaCollusion 
#PutinPuppet
Hey LYING CRYING CHUCKY SHUMER, Y do U attack POTUS for using TWITTER yet U use it?  HYPOCRITE


DEMAND HE GOES PUBLIC WITH HIS MEETING OR STONEWALLS PUTIN FOR MEDDLING IN OUR ELECTIONS!!!  They are BUDDIES.  ARROGANT!
I see a train wreck on the horizon.  Please don't let him meet in a closed room.
Why would he share it with you?
Why would he tell you anything? You'd only twist it. I think he has a number of options. I hope he gets along well with him. Can't hurt.
Will never have an agenda for anything. Why? This is ALL over his head! He was nothing but a tv guy w/big mouth! Bankruptcy & not paying!
He wants to foster better relations with Russia, something Republican presidents are apt at doing.
How would you know. I doubt he shares anything important with you.
Could it be that Putin has something on Trump??? Or he is simply a coward!!!!
@mentalpausal @POTUS they putin will laugh at trump
Will, he's been laughing at the buffoon for years. That's why he helped get him elected.
Yeah I think Trump will just ask for pointers on authoriatarianism.
That would be relevant if you were President but you are not. We voted for Trump. The Left Agenda lost and continues to lose.
You know who else lost? The Atlanta Falcons in the 2017 Super Bowl. Also completely irrelevant to Trump/Putin meeting.
I am so glad you know that football is not relevant to politics. Whew! Close one!
Pointing fingers at a Twitter user, just as at @SenSchumer -- likewise irrelevant to the Trump/Putin meeting.
Shut up Chuck.
Why would Trump advertise agenda & give Russians first psychological move in this 10-D CHESS GAME.. A GAME THE RUSSIANS KNOW FROM AGE 3???
Trump is a coward. He's proven it. Abuses women because he's powerless and doesn't know what being a truly good man is.
Not true, #1 on my agenda will be test fitting the c@&k holster.....I can't wait!!
You have a mind? :::shocked look:: Wow, and here I thought all you did is whine like a crybaby.
why is it baffling? he's never had a plan/agenda just snappy 1 liners & pat responses while he claps his hands and gives the thumbs up
chris kobach@fake prez are communist colaborators working for putin@the powers rhat be are all in on it
You're surprised? He hasn't had an agenda in six months.
Why did you all allow him to leave the country? He embarrassed us last trip+ now he is under investigation. You are all magicians of sorts.
please resign now and then I will be happy
We all know he's disinterested in that, besides Bannon is director, eh?
He's going to get his next assignment from Putin. The Agenda isn't his. I cannot believe this is happening to our country!
No one cares what you have in mind failure. You only want to obstruct any kind of progress. America is finally moving in the right direction
Uuh.. does anybody care what u would do..? No.. ur party lost.. get to the legislating.. DONKY dem..
I am too!! I'm surprised he didn't share them with you... being his best friend and all
He's too busy trashing President Obama. Unbelievable how he embarassed himself once again on the international stage!
