Classy, heartfelt speech and call for bipartisanship.  Thank you.  Proud to be a Democrat tonight.
Well said..vs. the Republican train wreck.
Short memory? it took the Dems 17 months to figure out OC, but you didn't hear about it everyday by the media, more proof of media bias
It took them 7 yrs 2 whine This is not a partisan issue it is an American issue & can b improved bipart.If the name offends u, call it ACA
This was never a bipartisan system. It was a take over of more people. Opposite of our founding fathers. More of your money in their hands.
I'm celebrating a little. You're right, it IS time to turn the page. Work together to achieve the goal. Let us in on the plan. No secrets.
pffff, yeah right
Nice words. I would want to admonish them more, but my husband said it was a moment to show true class - which you did. Thank you!
Schumer doesn't know what class is. It's his way or no way. Says he will help IF the Rep. Will commit to single payer.Which people dont want
I haven't heard him say the Rs must commit to single payer..they have to commit to compromise and fixing ACA not repealing..
He didn't. Just ignore the spreader of disinformation below.
When you out government in charge of Heath insurance and make it a law, we are screwed!
So gracious, hopeful, and kind. Exemplary use of power. Thank you.
You should be forced to live on Obamacare just like you are forcing the people. Obamacare has taken away our medical care & a lot of Doctors
It was all a lie and the Dems k ew it was and they let you suffer! And now you are just going to let them do it all over again!
I'm actually on the government plan... Yes, I was sorta screwed by the ACA when I had it, but this is the golden opportunity to modify it.
Why try to fix something that is already practically dead!? It better for them to start on a clean slate on bipartisanship.
Because it actually had a lot of great things to it.  Only one side wanted it dead and sadly their solution was never a solution.
The reason Dems wanted to keep it is because they want people to be penalized for not having healthcare. They want to insurance bailouts
They can work on that facet now.  Even Schumer said the ACA wasn't perfect, but the GOP could have voted on amending it instead of 30+ votes
Very relieved
Thank you. Relief & tears of joy this didn't succeed
Two words: RISK CORRIDORS
Wonderful speech sir. No gloating, reaching out. Thank you.
2 words....UNIVERSAL CARE!!!
Never! Too expensive
Really.  People in England, Canada, Spain, France and countless other countries pay less, are healthier, and live longer than we do.
As a dual British/American citizen who moved 2 Europe after being raised in the US, I agree. I was shocked @ the free, accessible healthcare
My daughter is marrying a Brit and moving there in a few months.  I'm amazed how well their system works and how much less they pay for it.
Thank you! Now get some sleep!
Will your relief continue when insurance is gone due2 those who pay can no longer afford 2 pay 4 those who can't.Btw just got my rates,ugly
Excellent. On to single-payer now, right?
Awesome closing remarks.Gracious and patriotic. Thank-you.
Absolutely right. Work together to fix the problems and make it better. Thank you.
oh christ....yeah like fucking Chuck Schumer is the savior? Spare me with your bullshit obombercare!
Thank you for holding your caucus together, sir
That crappy law is your fault!
Time for "Repair and Replace" with Great Health Compromise"  GHC.
Thank you 
Work together to improve a wreck u helped create without GOP? Do u repair a house that's burned 2 the ground or dump it and start over?
Nice Chuck. Classy and much needed speech
#Resist thank GOD
You belong in prison, Schumer!
Full Repeal of ACA obamacare, No replacement and full IRS refunds of all previous penalties.  Nothing less.
Thank you for a beautiful response. I am relieved and hopeful for better days ahead for healthcare.
Thank you for your vote and for your sensible, reasonable words. It is time indeed for cooperation.
He is a Soros shill nothing more
Said the Trump shill...
I love how you demilusionalists always go there.  I'm saying the same thing as @KrissyMAGA3X did and trump can mya too!  WAKE UP!!!
You have no idea how idiotic and hypocritical you sound...
Thank U Senator Schumer! I am so relieved. I wish you were my senator. Arkansas senators won't tell us anything, ever!It's very frustrating!
..and leave politics behind.  Or if you choose not to, please think of this baby girl every night before you go to sleep at night! No more..
Just a suggestion - leveling fines on poor people who cannot afford any form of insurance will drive many under ground. #imo #healthcare
Great speech!!! #Letsworktogether #SinglePayerNow
Thank you...now fix the ACA!
And you care nothing about the millions that want to dump the crappy system because they don't vote for you. Very non-partisan of you.
TELL THE FLIPPIN TRUTH FOR ONCE! If you don't trust me, so many Americans see it... that's why you lose and will lose again!
Thank you for your gracious comments, and for your leadership.
thank you thank you thank you!!!
I am not one who would be affected by ACA repeal, but all I feel is deeply relieved for my country. The madness is at bay for now, thank you
If this administration would finally work with Congress we can work for the needs of all human beings for once!
— When ACA implodes, "who you gonna blame?"
Your speech made me tear up. That's how it's supposed to work...for the good of all of us, not just the few at the top.
Leave ACA alone! When it fails do not pass the buck!
Thanks to you and all @dscc Senators! 
thank you thank you thank you
Thank you for your words tonight. Our country needs you to come together. Please keep at it.
Yes you are, and its so GOOD....we want you to have it!
Yes we need to keep the ins & pharma companies from robbing Americans blind
Thank you for holding the Dems strong and speaking up for reason and compassion!
Wait until you are on #Obamacare and we will see real tears.
Ok. Hands up! @GOP seems to be unable to stand on their on. Best of luck making healthcare work for all Americans.
Absolutely!!!!!
Tell that to those in the markets where insurers no longer exist or to those pay 2-3x what they were b4.Let's remember who's responsible4 it
Nah I'm Celebrating that people won't lose their house when they get sick
Yes, people shouldn't struggle to stay healthy and EVERYONE should have healthcare and our gov't should see that THAT happens!
Way I see it Employer healthcare is great but what happens when you lose your job? I know first hand that situation
How abt the irresponsible Congress allow billions in the budget to pay for healthcare for Americans instead of a useless border wall? 
THANK GOD SENATOR. AMERICA FOR ALL AMERICANS AND MAY THEY ALWAYS HAVE MEDICAL HEALTH CARE. @AAPSYC @cadigirl13 @Jaime4ou 
@PATRICIAMEEHA17
Imagine that .. I still HAVE my OWN healthcare
CHIEF Sitting BULL, MEDICINE MAN
WE ARE CELEBRATING!  Good God man!  We deserve to celebrate.  The PEOPLE have worked their asses off to save this!  SMDH
I Don't feel confident celebrating. This is a vindictive bunch
And we still have the #orangestain to deal with and we need those "mavericks" for that. #tRumpRussia
We sure do!  We had a victory last night but major major work to still do on repairing ACA and getting trump and team out and . . . . .  .
"U can keep your Dr. If you want to",  "U can keep your plan if you like it".we've heard those words before. How long before ACA IS DEAD?
Lie lie lie lie lie you lie and lie and lie… Will never believe a Democrat! I am a true resistor
Should be called the Democratic Care Act.U guys signed it.Is the public overall & businesses better off now than B4 Big Govnt got involved?
Full repeal. Nothing less. You have no authority to be involved in healthcare.
Two geniuses , your funding corruption not HEAlthcare
Socialist! Turned ins companies into 3rd party administrators for gov't ins in private market!  Next up, tax work benefits to fund it!
obama care sucks. $500/mo w/$4000 deduct is NOT good insurance. Why are you not using obamacare? Hypocrite.
I'm exhausted.
Rest, take the weekend off but then we have to get back to work. This adminstration is hell bent on destroying the country. Resist, protect!
I'm refreshed this morning. I woke up happy and ready to fight! Thanks for the encouragement, fellow traveler.
Glad to help. We all need to support each other.
WeThePeople WillNotexcept Failure Democrat pres obama KillerObamaCare DemsKillBabies
Schumer has BestMedical NOTMilitary,Veterans,Taxpayers
Improving it means you first have to admit that it's a broken promise to the American people. "If you like your doc, you can keep your doc."

All Senators should be locked in a room together and not allowed to leave until a majority coalition has come up with a plan to fix the ACA
You should be forced to take Obama Care.
Sen. Schumer could you please consider running for the Presidency, with Sen. Bernie Sanders as Vice President. Both excellent politicians.
Medicare for all, Chuck.
Straight out of the Alinsky playbook. Control healthcare & you control the people. No thx. I choose FREEDOM as an American.
People don't get it! They cry for one payer. Ignorance breeds chaos
Thank you
No you must repeal it
Single payer now!
Way to go ,Sen. Schumer
unfortunately, millions now have to pay EVEN more every month, NO SIR, you are CELEBRATING!  time to get the elected ON OBAMACARE!
We know @SenateDems r not celebrating.. also McConnell's hate 4 @BarackObama so deep as @SenateMajLdr he wld stop breathing b4 fixing #ACA!
What about those of us who can't keep our healthcare? U only care about the non-payers. Without us payers, there is no ACA. U forgot us.
But something good happened none the less. My brother met you on St. Paddy's day in Buffalo a few years ago. Just thought you'd like to know
Your speech was inspiring. Thanks for all you do. Glad I could watch that live. #History


Thank you for all your work tonight Senator Schumer. Your closing statement was so on point!
Thank you for fighting for what's right.
Sir, the law is a joke and only hurting Americans. You tricked a republican to vote for it in 2009. The law is nothing but a lie! Repel!
Thank you for your leadership!
Correct. Not celebrating because this wasn't a game we won. It was people's lives. #classy
Wonderful.  Don't you dare let them slide thru horrible cabinet picks. No time to soften up now. Work together. But be tough-er! Dems 
Guess Ted Cruz didn't hear you say let's work together.  The blame game begins
You are so right, Senator! I feel tremendous relief right now... I certainly do hope that we can start to work together again!
Thank you sir - with all that is going on, your speech reaffirmed my pride in my country.
Thank you for from the bottom of my  for being the voice for us Americans thatare against TrumpAnd his policies! You are doing a  great job
Thank you for working so diligently against Trumpcare. Thousands of Americans appreciate your efforts to save healthcare
Yes, thank you Senator! 
& yes, hopefully now you all can work together for the good of ALL the people
I didn't vote Trump but his supporters should I understand no one wants Trump to fail! But you can't lie and be corrupt! Trump won't work
Thank you
Schumer, you're as useless as McCain.
@lowkell I'm celebrating.
Then reach across the table and create a much better law than the failing current law
Well said.  Any Dem that is "exulting" should put it in check.  Now is the time to lead by example.  Now is the time to come together.
Your president apparently thinks otherwise - he is treating us like some collateral in a business deal gone sour. - (see his tweet)
Thank you and please thank @John McCain for doing what was inherently right.....
Balls in your court. Fix this and get premiums way down.
8 years of nothing now you obstruct And want people to believe you? Lead the sheep the rest will shake our heads
Umm speak for yourself, you corporate neoliberal shill.
said the ignorant twit...
You only want to work together when you're in the minority, but at least you held off the #faketears tonight #winning
Thank you Senator McCain
THANK YOU!
If you have your way on healthcare, you will bankrupt America and that is unconscionable after Obama put us another 10 trillion in the hole!
Victories like this make me want to re exam my athiest ways. It's hard to believe when things go right these days
Relieved at the Raping of the American citizens?!?! Our Representatives are not acting in the our intrests and continue to lie to us! SAD!

A better deal!
I'm celebrating! My neighbors kid won't die bc they get to keep their health insurance & can afford to get treatment & keep their home also
This is not About parties, this is about America, stand up and lead, show us it,s not about Obamacare or Trumpcare, but American Healthcare
Time to expand Medicare for all.
I'm celebrating
chuck...gop pushed so hard on this empty shell to do their donors bidding...it was the koch agenda...overturn citizens united
Well done!
I pray that you all can work together! People need to swallow pride and ego and stop the hate on both sides!We all are all Americans!
Without doubt, there are areas that need revision. Let's get moving on making ACA work for ALL americans.
Let's work together 
@IndivisibleHoCo When the @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @POTUS are ready for the Affordable Care Improvement Act of 2017 and not REPEAL and REPLACE
Thanks Senator Schumer. We waited a long time to hear this.
Thank you, Senator.  We Dems in the country couldn't agree with you more.
Prayers answered but insurance companies have gotten bold, give mis information and raised prices under Trump.
Hope for improvements for ACA and bipartisan support! Work together! Please let this be a turning point to show true leadership. We need it!
Chuck continue to stand your ground. #Demsfinallycare
They just can't suck it up and work with you, Chuck. It's not in their DNA. It means that they would be tied of "winning".
- make Congress give up their current insurance plan for the ACA replacement programs they proposed?  Would McCain be covered?

Fuck them. We can be relieved AND celebrate. This is a hard win victory https://twitter.com/senschumer/status/890811598788468737 …
We're celebrating.
I'm splitting the difference and whistling the chorus to Kool and the Gang's "Celebration."
Celebrating while Kim jong has u in the crosshairs as u all are taking selfies.
Trump Train goes nowhere but round and round, back and forth. Like a rocking horse, lots of motion, but not movement.
Thank u for not gloating. ..it means ALOT!
Yes. Fix the ACA. Think about making health ins. in US non profit. Will help. Expand Medicaid & get rid of opt outs for states. Uniformity.
Are y'all going to work with the other side or keep hurting Americans?? I heard you cheering and ranting, it was sickening!!!
#NeverTrumpHillaryCare Push for #SinglePayerNow Healthcare Is On—Democrats Should Get on Board or Get Out of the Way http://bit.ly/2pv6Qjm 
Thank you
Yes, don't gloat, help fix the ACA for all of us!
Why are u not on Obamacare?
What healthcare insurance haven't had it for 2 years thanks to Obamacare!!
With no providers and jacked up rates. You all need to go to jail.
Funny, you Democrats rammed Obamacare down our throats when you were in power without bi-partisan support now long & yearn to work together?
Where has THIS @SenSchumer been all year? This is how a U.S. senator is supposed to behave.
THANK YOU for your heartfelt comments after the vote. Proud to be a New Yorker today. #ClassAct! #NoSkinnyRepeal
Thank you sir for all you do and being a great champion tonight!
Don't talk about it!! Do it!!!!
Hallelujah!
THANK YOU!!
Thank you for your leadership.
communist schmuck.
Your mature words stand in stark contrast to Senator McConnell's. Thank you.
Thank you for your support for the American people. Working together for the benefit of all of us is what makes you a true Patriot.
Be a man. Stop folding to the pressure! #losing #weak #coward
Yuck.
A Better Deal Healthcare Act must include all stakeholders from the insured to the insurance providers, caregivers, pharmaceuticals, Etc...
Now, get up and get some hearings on what we have to do to make our health care system and legislation better! @SenJohnMcCain
Thank you
thank @SenJohnMcCain  @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins  that wasnt easy...took guts
You didn't win anything. The people lost.  Now Obamacare will die and they'll have nothing.
and save it from Trump's willingness to let everything just implode now that he failed.
It's a great outcome. Thank you for doing everything you've done. Now we're trusting you to stay cool and to do the right things.

Trump has already defunded Obamacare. Closed most the call centers. How can u fix it Chuck with this lunatic in the WH?
I'll celebrate for you - going to fewer funerals is cause for happiness.
When Schumer says "together," he means Republicans should shut up & agree with Democrats. He had his chance in 2010. He ripped us apart.
TY for championing Am. Majority! After vacation, pls educate Congress on these must haves critical to care for all:
Thank you for standing up and reaching out to the other side.
Bull... you are Bam's boy ... own it Chuck
@SenatorSchumer, thank you for keep out Dems together and standing strong!
Yes. I hope that the aisle can be set aside, at the least as far as healthcare is concerned. This is real life-and-death legislation. #NY10
Respectfully-  Millions ARE celebrating. The right team won.  Period
Thank you!!!! Now, I can sleep.
God bless you.
Thank you senator schumer  you and those who spoke for the people are appreciated.
Let's try a public option!
you should have this healthcare and if you want to be a public servant do it for free.
And we'll be relieve when you resign.
Chuck Schumer will stop at nothing to destroy America.
LOL! I love repeating the things that trump says. He's a god. I admire his hateful and misogynistic ways.
#SinglePayer, #MedicareForAll
Congratulations!Outstanding & well done! BTW on your behalf I tweeted @GovMikeHuckabee & asked him,"Who's crying now?!"
Thank you Senator .
Senator, What plans are in the works for lowering premiums? And what about the people that can't afford healthcare now because of cost?
A long day and so much road to go.Thank you for your endurance and the humanity of those who voted with you. Many will sleep easier tonight.
