
no, not really
End the attack on Americans, vote DEms out!
. HATRED is the name of Schumer.  & we are ashamed of you. Gorsuch is hated but NO ONE has done this to other judges ever.
You are promoting lawlessness. We are a country of laws. You should step down if you can't support US laws
Laurie, you r just wrong. Long tradition of non-violent protest in USA. Plus I marched in DC in Jan. No violence.
My reference was to the hashtag. There r laws for immigration. I support organizing, calling and PEACEFUL marches
Chuck, being in the Senate, should understand we are a nation of laws
sure, promote anarchist uprising, illegals DEMANDING rights?  R u kidding?  Yeah, sure, u r a lawmaker?
There are 23 D senators up for reelection in 2018.  You are leading them in the wrong direction.  It is time to work together.
no their not!! You people are grasping at straws
My message to you is that your grow up and retire! Your rhetoric is boring. Same ole same ole!
why do you work so hard for illegals, put America first,
didn't u swear to uphold the law?  If u don't like it change it. Congress makes law!  Not fair, citizens have to obey laws
#TrumpTaxesMarch 4/15/17 http://taxmarch.org  - We *do* want to see his tax returns. We are *very* interested in what they can tell us.
you sir are making a mockery of the laws that congress passes! You really need to retire!
I did try to call you as thousands of others did.  You turned off your voice mail so it just disconnected us.
.@SenSchumer I want to personally thank you, .@BarackObama , .@HillaryClinton & .@TheDemocrats for all you do, to "[#decimate]" your party
hey chuckie I'm almost god, n boy do I hv a msg for you. FO!
You mean, keep burning keep vandalizing keep assaulting. Again you are a danger to the republic.
And you keep up the good fight. We are proud of you.
say no to ILLEGALS
Yeah, they're making us more angry & fired up, notice we elected Prez Trump & lots of repubs?  You don't get it so get out.
God  will not except you  You are Evil ,,
obviously being sworn into office to uphold the law is a SHAM!  No wonder congress has NO RESPECT!  Used car dealers better
inducing violence are you
I thought dems said it was important to support the results of the election and work together???
Literally calling Congress every damn day. It's almost literally part of my job now to make sure you all don't f up country. wtf
Republicans are we are sick of the Democrat's stupid laws
Yep helping you win favor with corporate greed

you're a typical dem if you don't get your why throw a tantrum like a petulant child.
TU for the encouragement. Some days r really hard. For me, it was yesterday. I'm an environmentalist. But I won't stop fighting.
yes, they are. They're guaranteeing a Trump #landslide2020
#EndCorruptionNY
u r actions are those of a man on a path to destruct our country STOP now
HOW ABOUT ENDING THE ASSAULT ON US CITIZEN'S FAMILIES & NOT THE CRIMINAL'S WHO ARE NOT US CITIZENS?
nice to see that you support the communist and anarchists assaulting women in the streets. #demsnewcommieparty
3 million marched peacefully 1/21. As you see we still march peacefully. Who pays 3 million for 9 weeks? We will stand by you.
You wish. You continue to lose every day.
You are pure evil!! Working for the devil to destroy our nation...man up! WE THE PEOPLE voted TRUMP! WE THE PEOPLE vote you out!
like the assault you made on black families when you decided to eradicate them from white neighborhoods in the 1970s? HYPOCRITE!
R.I.P Democratic Party 1776/2017 
is sick. A very sick man.
My message to you: If you suspect illegal activity involving illegal aliens, call ICE @ 1-866-DHS-2ICE (347-2423)
We the People Stand for & her Citizens! U R a traitor to our Republic & should be imprisoned for ur part in the attack on !
So you're calling for violence? Because that's what YOUR people have been doing, macing & assaulting peaceful citizens! Shameful
Head Clown is too nice of a title for you!
my advice to you. Go dig a hole. #TrumpStrong #ResistTheResistance #MyPresident #MAGA
Hey chucky cheese what is this assault you speak of. Are you letting your imagination run again.Need to go back to your Dr.
desist is a much better word
No,end the assault on American citizens! Are you that dumb? Americans  first!!!
you are not for u.s citizens we demand security and safety in our america!
we must RESIST
keep using pepper spray against others using their right to speak. Real mature Senator
ur an obstructionist , who also encourages resistance , I hope it bites u in ur behind , what goes around comes around
lmao.....
Thank You Senator Schumer for voting to protect our internet privacy
come her the legal friggin way, then it's cool. He had more than enough time to get legal jackass
You should be shouting on every program to call US to action! Convince us, make an unrelenting case! I love you but be bolder!
If someone wants to assault families by killing the unborn in abortions . . . is that one okay to do? #EndKillingofUnbornBabies
Keep fighting for the truth and for the greater good senator, we're ready for action to assist in any way.#ResistTrumpTuesdays
ur almost as funny as ur niece. Clown
Fake claims and more Fake News from you. Recuse yourself from politics; LIAR
You're encouraging civil unrest! It's a crime!
#OBEYIMMIGRATIONLAW
is a major reason I can no longer support the @DNC  They'd rather promote "Fight & Resist" than work together to better America
Right over the cliff. U Putz, Dems just lost some more legislative seats. Keep it up
Bunch of cry babies
you are a complete danger to the USA ! We are a country of laws why don't you start respecting them " you clown.
-You are encouraging people to terrorize American citizens and their children....you are a nebbish of a man...
-You are supporting Islam and illegal aliens over American citizens. You will lose in 2020..We the people have had enough.
U ARE A DANGER TO AMERICA
my message to you: stop talking & tweeting and start working for the state of NY.
Protesting is doing nothing but blowing your steam off. Will Have no effect on our Govts future, Just a waste of time.
you forgot...keep dividing the country
Yep! Strengthening POTUS`s support, resolved you are as crooked as a dog's leg!
THANK YOU.  PLEASE KEEP DOING WHAT YOU ARE DOING AS WELL.
attacking women ?
Marching ... meaning being violent, riots, burning cars and buildings, etc.  Got it!
Where are the women who marched in Washington? Why are they silent against you bullying a lady having dinner this past Sunday?
u and ur friends are dangerous don't care about no one but ur wallet that's what this immigration about. Votes ?  Conscience ?
no they are not working they are screwing up America more wreckage by you and your party
wow.  A US senator calling for more riots and violence and destruction. Reject the law by breaking more laws! Good advice Chuck
you mean keep being defiant , keep interfering and keep obstructing . Let's get a Term Limits bill .
how abot keep fighting for the developmentally disabled who need housing
Lmbo what's it doing other than making you guys look stupid and violent?
Illegal aliens w anchor babies know the risk, yet still choose. That's called #PersonalResponsibility which liberals can't stand
really how? Has it created jobs? Improved health care? Improved the economy? NOPE~ it just has created hatred and division.
@TeaAdvisor I highly doubt if they will stay liberal now. Thank you for opening their eyes.
snowflakes are low energy
@TeaAdvisor I have innocent liberal family who live in Ferguson cant sell to get out now&you say this crap? May you pay for this
You're not the one going to jail for assaulting peaceful protestors.  You don't care about these people...you are using them.
you don't like America by telling people to keep on destroying our country
Nunes needs to be called as WITNESS BY SENATE&HOUSE DEMS on intel comm&Nunes has to recuse himself from Intel chair
ORGANIZE AGAINST CORRUPT OBSTRUCTIONIST LIKE CHUCK SCHUMER VOTE HIM OUT MAKE NEW YORK GREAT AGAIN
You need to #EndTheAssaultOnTheTruth, but experience tells us you really only care about YOUR agenda. #WeAreNY
So, if we do, are you actually going to listen to the people you "represent", or will you continue caring more for your agenda?
my message to you. Beware
Your are the new deal Sen Schumer
you have no idea what your brainwashed head is doing. I believe that your all insane, and out of touch with reality.
and your actions are moving voters further and further away from ever considering you for re-election or any election!
Your party has been losing elections since 2010. If they don't figure out why, they are doomed.
Does this include verbally abusing people in a public place because you didn't like who they voted for?
Because if this is what you're calling for, then Trump supporters should do the same to you wherever you go. #MAGA
that's it Chucky boy. Have them riot and beat people up that they don't agree with. Just like most of you liberals
@realDonaldTrump Mr. Schumer, stop acting like a little brat and grow up. We need leaders in this country not babies.  Go Trump!
you doth protest too much these days Chuckie Sh*tmaker. What are you trying to hide?
You threaten my senator @william_crumb. Come to NYC and say that abt @SenSchumer.
This marine will make you re-think your life choices.
Their actions are going to get someone seriously hurt or killed.  It's already escalating.  Can't wait to see this summer's act.
they are only hurting the Dems, so yes keep it up! Geeewizzzzz
keep spraying innocent Trump supporters in the face with pepper spray right @SenSchumer
So what he really means is #resist #create violence  smash windows, block traffic interrupt everyone's lives no matter of political view
You got it; we're on it, keep us informed whatever else is needed. 
Yet you dare to verbally assault a constituent in a restaurant?  You need help.
only a communist would call for protesting and destruction. You sir are a traitor to this country. The lowest form of a person
their actions are now getting their teeth knocked out people are sick of you and your minions
please resign now
I will against you!
@KimberlyEndico5 please listen 
yeah you're actions are getting you noticed.
to bad you care more about the people breaking laws than those that put you where you are chuck..
The other 310M of us have families Too, need affordable HC, need Jobs & Tax cuts. How about start making that Happen?
and forget about a job and paying off your student loans.  Mom and Dad's basement can be your new home...All for a great cause!
#EndtheAssaultonFamilies   @SenSchumer says after verbally assaulting a woman at a restaurant.
Trump for 8 years 
screaming at women in restaurants is working like a charm eh?
#SchumersWarOnWomen
KEEP DIVIDING CHUCKIE,  U R AD BRIGHT AS A 2 WATT BULB! IT'S GOING TO BE A LONG, VERY LONG TIME BEFORE U SEE ANOTHER DEM POTUS!
you are democRATS you are an anarchist, you should be indicted you are calling for people destroy  privates business
tick Tock chucky
You are not a lawmaker or a public servant. You are just an obstructionist, and we;re getting tired of your crap!
how about you stop making scenes at restaurants. That's my message to you. How about Americans first. You're a joke.
my message to you keep TROUBLE making keep talking against POTUS your actions will make a difference in next election!
keep yelling at people when they are trying to eat chuck
Are you telling your "Brown Shirts" aka antifa to keep on attacking ppl.  I havent hear you condemn them so u must support them!
U socialist snowflake screamed at an elderly woman last night cause she voted for Our President? Step down #libtard. #MAGA #45th
People,need,to call the  Senators from Alaska and express ur outrage at the proposed killing of animal cubs in their dens!###
the assault would nor exist if it wasn't for your party creating this mess with the destruction of the middle class
You, sir, nor anyone in this country, is above the law. Your bipartisan vitriol is why Pres. Trump was elected.
are you really calling for these marches destroying property hurting Pro Trumpers because I haven't seen a peaceful one yet
If u spent half as much energy supporting citizens who didn't break law to have children here...
resign!
Schumer needs to step down! He is not working to help the US or American people, he is working to get power! Terrible!
United we stand in protecting our democracy against=tyranny of trump & his boss Putin! @SenSchumer @realDonaldTrump @gop @dnc @SpeakerRyan
Look was Schumer is doing, asking people to not support our president but to fight against him! No unity America, just Power!
Umm... Mr. Schumer? Is it OK to verbally assault WOMEN who disagree with you? Isn't that a type of abuse? You are a senator?
Keep accosting ppl who voted for @POTUS? Ppl eating dinner?Ppl peacefully going to rallies? You are a hypocrite of the 1st kind.
@Carlyraedietz 
So many thanks to you Senator for leading the charge and hearing your consituents!  
NYers won't forget! 
You are dead wrong again SenAsshole, more BS from another crybaby liar
