You mean CHRISTIAN Coptic community, right?  28 CHRISTIANS murdered, including children. Cowardly terrorism? You mean cowardly #RadicalIslam
Trumpster sold them out to Saudi Arabia. Saudi's get arms, sells to ISIS and boom more dead..15 terrorists came from SA for 9/11..Cowardly?
Not cowardly. Trump put the onus on the Arabs. They must defeat extremism on their soil. Good strategy. If they don't, consequences.
no there isn't..don't you get it..I'll sell the Saudi's all these weapons they sell to Isis and they bomb the crap out of us..he gets hotel
Look at Egypt's response today after slaughter of Coptic Christians. I believe Arabs are on notice to stamp out extremism. Agree to disagree
Egypt is much more civilized when it comes to accepting others..Saudi's not so much they have a history
I'm well aware. I'm taking a wait and see stance. It's in their interest to ally with US as Iran grows in power and Saudi oil is running out
don't you think the two will over run iran and take their oil? Trump mentioned it numerous times..
Not to mention the Christians
democrats ignore Islamic terror.
Is it possible for you to stop speaking in gross generalisms?
is it possible for you to skip a meal?
Thoughts and prayers are nice, but they do nothing of action to prevent future incidents or rout of terrorism.
If you didn't notice, Schumer is in the minority. Hillary and Obama are not in government. Maybe go leave this comment for @realDonaldTrump
I'm just politicking a politician who would chastise "thoughts & prayers" responses for gun violence incidents with calls for gun control.
They are just digging their own grave by showing their true colors, thank god america is seeing it!
Yes it is but based on your previous tweets against retaliation what are we supposed to do hold hands and sing kumbaya.
I Do Not Understand This Kind Of hate,
With all due respect, it's time you pull the left to the middle. Stop your partisan sh*t. #contstructive vs Destructive
The Russians and Trump did it.......

Can you imagine if Hillary won? After seeing this hate and violence from the left would be horrific!
You pray while endorsing stop the ban. We will vote you out
John r u from NY? Im from Brooklyn I cant wait2 vote this  out of office He thinks it could never happen, but Hillary wouldn't lose either
Florida west palm beach. Wish i was there to vote along with you.
Are you a NY transplant
Providence Rhode Island
then stop blocking the travel ban and protect US citizens
Kerry says it will be a nucsence we will have to learn to live with. Hmmm? That's why my husband boycotts Heinz. His family business.
But you think we need open the flood gates an let's them pour in, hugs and love will get you killed. These are racial terrorist kills people
Democrats denounced god 3 times, they don't believe in god, and its obvious! We are in a battle of good & evil, the good always wins!
This is why we need that BAN. It's not a religious BAN. BAN will save lives. Or Manchester will happen here. Why can't you people see it?
Save ur tears for when US citizens die because of ur 'resistance' to obeying the law. Letting unvetted ppl into this country.
God does not favour the prayers of evil men and liars. You hurt them instead of help. Change your heart. Let his love work in you instead.

You're a depraved hater of women.
Yes an Islamic terrorist act.that is happening to Christians constantly. Where is the outrage? Not hearing you speak out. Why?
You and your dem buddies are making it all possible. Proud of yourself?
You being civil and not playing politics is rare. Very rare! Are you fighting a serious illness. Best wishes to the Fly.
Also Chucky our thoughts and prayers go out to all Americans to protect themselves and our great country since you care less of us American'
and if I DEMS keep blocking immigration ban that's what u can look to happen here. Smart up
Christians getting slaughtered all over the world & that's it.No crying on tv to show how upset you are! #ChristianGenocide #NY #Egypt #MAGA
More radical Islam. The west has let it spread out of control
Chuckles tough talk shows he fully agrees with Trump's plan to exterminate ISIS
Your words are empty when the next tweet you put out wishes Muslims a Blessed Month...#ADoubleMindedMan
You are insulting Sen., thoughts and prayers, you don't care!
Yet you dont want to do things to secure our borders to protect us from such attacks. Stop hypocrisy and be proactive to protect U.S.
Duh, that the Muslim world committed! Yes the ones you are wishing happy holidays
Say it Chuckie say who committed the senseless act, come on you can do it!
Then why do you and your crummy judges support it? You are fighting America here Chuck. Montana last night proved it.
BROUGHT TO YOU DEMS ACCROSS THE GLOBE. #WEAK.

Finally making sense
Schumer you are an Islamic Terrorist Sympathizer & here go your #Fake tears again

YOU SAID I COULD KEEP MR DOCTOR - LIES YOU SAID THE DEDUCTIBLE WOULD NOT GO UP - LIES... now you want me to believe YOU... OH HELL NO!!!!!!!
Religious freedom is still a fight. Live and let live.
Don't call it violence you schmuck! It is an act of terrorism!!  RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM crossed your mind or still in convenient denial
Such a sad event. #cowards Christians and Muslims have lived side by side for centuries in #Egypt This is senseless violence!
Aww he doesnt want to say CHRISTIANS. We know you dont mean it shChumck Schumer.

they're coptic christians.  I'm sure his speaking out against this senseless attack was genuine.
most don't know what Coptic means. He doesn't want to say Christians. Coptic means Egyptian Christians
yeah, he should definitely be dumbing down his rhetoric for us. After this election you'd think he'd know better. Good point.
Radical Islamic extremist
Barbarism is not an act of devotion, it's an act of psychopathy. As a Muslim man my prayers are with the grieving families.
blah blah blah,just the same old token condolences that are meaningless dribble from liberal progressive career politicians
Always thoughts and prayers with you lamo dems , do something you ignoramus.
Wow! What an ineffectual piece of dribble. Yr meaningless words have absolutely no impact of perpetrators of terrorism.  Do U feel better?
Declassified memos show FBI illegally shared spy data on Americans with private parties. Pushed by Obama, Schumer & Pelosi
Just think and you Democrats started all of this crap
Hey Chuck...these are hollow words, just like @BarackObama words. You don't care about human life at all.
Oh wait it's not Trumps fault..He just made a deal to sell more to Saudi's who will give to ISIS to kill more..just think about it.
Seriously chuck ? You are a leftist. Christmas are a anathema to you
@NancyPelosi time to #Stop the #Witchhunt w/ BS #Russiagate, support @POTUS in fighting #terror. How many more must perish? Sad!
what are you doing as a leader to end these acts of terror? Mostly what I see is resistance, and reluctance to act. SAD!
And yet you still fight to bring people just like them here into America WHY??? Is it for the vote or do you just not give a shit?
Maybe you'll wake up to what's happening around the world andwork with the trump administration to keep those type of things from happening
Just Lip Service. . .
Tough for you to feign sympathy for Christians eh Chuck?
Once again, you've beaten Trump to the draw by expressing condolences & condemnation on a global terrorist act. #Potus45 lost in #Trumpland
They are probably getting thank you notes from him.
Make sure the US borders are open and left unsecured Little Chuckie Lies A Lot!
It's Coptic CHRISTIANS. Can't wait until Trump's travel ban gets to the SCOTUS. You don't care about American safety.
And evidently you don't care about the Constitution.
Tired of politicians going on and on about how awful this is without actually doing anything. This is religious fanaticism and hate
Hope they get you
Yet you want to protect those cowardly terrorists and welcome them to America with open arms. Schmuck!
Then why do you want it to happen here?  You are complicit in every act here in the US. #Pathetic #GarbagePolitics
And it's coming to you home state if you keep doing what your doing so start praying for that too

Don't wear yourself out there scmucky...
its cheetolini fault
Schumer you are a domestic terrorist  trying to bring down our government
Not senseless, this is a carefully planned attack with a perverted logic.
No tears for these people I'm sure...
Ok yea it unamerican.
Remember chuck, religious freedom? You want to let all terrorists come to us. You will sacrifice our children and country to terrorists
How anyone can support you, including the Muslim community in your district is beyond comprehension. Misplaced pandering is not leadership
And yet you and your party assail POTUS choice of words,while innocent people are being murdered.
SO WHY DO YOU WANT BRING IT TO THE USS
Is that the new abbreviation of our country now? United Soviet States?
Avoiding violence is the bravest act.
Don't lie, policies like urs r responsible for allowing the attacks to take place.
Odd. We're do obsessed w Muslim immigration that we forget the persecuted Christians being slaughtered and sold into sex slavery
Your a Liar You Support the DNC MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD!This is what you Live For!!
You mean to tell us that you're not going to blame guns or global warming for these Evil Savage Terrorists Attacks. Welcome to the party pal
And you want terrorist to come here..smh
It is here, Lady.
Why don't you tell that to yuor left-wing media friends bc they don't seem to care at all @CNN,@MSNBC,@ABC, @CBS!
Was it isis
Wow! I finally agree with you.
You're still a clown Crying Chuck
you encourage tourism by not doing anything about it 

Own it...
If you libturds would stop bringing them over here this wouldn't happen
#atheism
That'll only happen after WW3.
May God bless you for standing with the Christian community.
Who did it?? Say the name
It appears the Islamic state has claimed responsibility. 
Beyond that, they are searching for the actual people that carried out the attack
That's the answer I was looking for, buy chucky the clown won't say islam
Because it's entirely irrelevant... Should we also yell that it was a man? Because it was probably a fucking man. God I hate radical men...
I really don't understand the fascination that some people have with political figures parroting certain words. Free speech right?
Ha ha!
