Then stop taxing the shit out of us to pay dictators to make nuclear weapons and arm Muslims! Deport illegal aliens!
Congress doesn't care, they get paid for life. Not worth it when they are "working".
We don't have a way to save because democRATS keep coming up with new entitlements for their special interest groups!
Don't forget we have to give free education free housing, free cell phones, free healthcare ... did I miss anything chuck?
Um, they can open an IRA at almost any bank or credit union in America. In about 20 minutes.
UM, that's not through their employer.
Um, so what! People should gaf about themseves and do something themselves.
Because you have accomplished nada!
Thank God we have a new President
What's YOUR plan? 
He has no plan except bitching
Did that just happen within the last 100 days Chuck, or are you pointing out correctly the failure of Obama's admin last 8 years?
So true
Chuck, the focus today should be:ACA repeal, Comey testimony. These random unfocused tweets don't help.
Neither does Chuck
That's not my concern. Everyone is responsible for their own future.
Sorry @DestroyThe Gop. Elderly, no. Just a lot smarter than your lower double digit IQ
Smarts don't guarantee health, ask Steve Jobs.
Shameful
I'd like the same retirement and healthcare that our government employees receive!  It is a big deal!
I not need to save for my retired that's social security is pay me back for all the money and contributed to the sistem. Schumer  
Because SS was supposed to help those who couldn't save or wanted to feed their family first.
Your set for life don't act like you care we see what your all about
and 55MM workers don't need the grubby hands of government to get involved. You lose again!
That's right so put our social security money back!! Chucky
True Words and Keep Reminding the Republicans it is Not their money to play with nor our tax payers money for Trumps enjoyment!
Chucky stinks
Bullshit ... the Age of the Robber Barons disproved that decades ago ....
How much do you pay your employees now...?
Same ol rhetoric sounds nothing more or less than a scapegoat to simply advance a personal agenda.
Gee Chris ... that didn't work before do what makes you think it will NOW?????
Reps don't "think" they knee jerk, but they should think how this will effect economy over time. We all should!!!
Silly woman
Chuck you should have a look at the Australian Scheme by former PM Paul Keating. Australian employers have to pay 9% into pension funds.
And evry body is responsible for their future like all your tweets are  and complaining about american people you not deserve be in chair
How's your retirement schumer? I did 21 years active duty and I get pittance.
Why do they need employer to save. How about taking money out of pay check and saving yourself.
but wait... I thought Obama was the greatest president ever wasn't all this was taken care of in his 8 years? Lol!! Silly lib.
Why can't Americans have the same insurance the gov.?
Your crying now when you had 8 years! Go freaking away or do u wanna pay my premium it's only $1,195 per mo. R u on Obama care?
How can you save for retirement when you spend over 600 a month to get to work the corrupt @MTA @LIRR
Is this something that has just happened?  I guess this is Trumps fault.  What have you done other than whine.
so what are you doing about it. Stop bashing Trump and work with him. You'll get something done.
Redistribute your salary Chuck, you make more than two times the national average and work a quarter of the time.
And most of them make minimum wage or slightly above. 
Stop pushing everything on the employer. Why does the employer carry the load?
Not everyone makes $174,900+benefits each year to sit around and have a b*tchfest and do nothing to help the people that voted them in.
Ever heard of an IRA Chuck?
@SenSchumer - why do politicians get better medical and pensions than the average american?
Sch will have a tear in his eye, but do nothing. @SenSchumer #Useless
Residents of Upstate NY among the 55 million would like to have just 1 working senator.
Perhaps if the economy were better that would change but that's 
not going to happen because of obstructionists on both sides of the aisle
That's their problem. As a tax payer it should not be put on me. No more big government programs
@SenSchumer maybe you dems shouldn't have put your dirty hands in social security. Stop stealing from social security
Yep. You & the rest of the dog dem racist bigots in the dem party have been stealing r SS money 4 yrs America vote to put congress on SS too
They r not children. As adults we have responsibility to save for the future. Govt is not the answer.
We cant give everybody everything, Chuck. People just have to be responsible for themselves. There are other options
And you had 8 years ti do something other than posturing
Who's fault is that senator fake tears eight years of failed policy that made no sense what so ever that's way senator fake tears
HYPOCRITE Republicans have tried for years 2 set up privat retirement accounts &  democrats balked. NOW you want us to feel it Democrat idea
Too bad they don't get a pension like all you in congress!
Would you like the middle to pay for that too???
You nuts are doing such a good job with SS! Like we need a solution from you Senate turds.
They can open an IRA and do it themselves.
I know that you're not familiar with the concept of personal responsibility, but you should look into it. It's awesome.
Is your momma dead? Or using Medicaid to pay for her assisted living/nursing home?
My parents had catastrophic coverage and everything was covered. Thanks for your concern.
You should know...since you've been in DC making this "difficulty to save" thing possible. Keep up the bad work Chucky
Q: Why,Why must employers, gov't,society,etc provide every little thing,4every moron who is too stupid/lazy 2do it 4 themselves?
And that's why trump became president if dems cared about working people it would have been done years ago
You are just like harry Reid except angrier and uglier
Why did you wonderful Dems do last 8 years. All you all do is fight. We have not had a government for years. You do t even earn your money
Yeah I bet U have Plenty of ways Schumer since U R part of the demo. cratic corruption in Washington obstructionist,resist. government
Japan's pension fund is over $1T. 
Don't tell Trump, he might try to take it..
You mean someone can't go online and open an IRA for free?
This is not a new issue??? What have you done but cry!!!
U have been a congressman & now a senator 4 many years. What have u done on this problem except complain and obstruct! #MAGA #retirechuck
That doesn't keep them from saving themselves!!
Nice of you to point out problems you and @NancyPelosi haven't fixed on the DECADES you have been in Washington. Time to cooperate w POTUS.
Potus is craaaaaazzzzzzy
Chucky your tweeting again shame on you
Yep that's why they should use a bank
That is because of Democratic influences suppressing  ability by funding illegals.
Are Democrats to stupid to save money on their own?
yeah we did, it's called social security until you damned dems robbed us!
Uh... Damned dems created Social Security. Repubs never gave a rats ass.
Probably because they are paying for Obamacare and don't have any money left
Dems push materialistic values of procession over living within your means
Not true, anyone can save if they chose and make it a priority.  Retirement or fancy car.  Dems say fancy car others will pay for retirement
But they have the ability to open Traditional IRA's, Roth IRA's, and Money Market Savings Accounts.  Whats your point? They need free $$????
didn't Congress conceive of and implement 401k's and ROTH IRAs?
It's not the Employer's responsibility. People need to be accountable for themselves! !!!!!!!!
Thank you CAPTAIN OBVIOUS. What are you doing about it. You're a talking head with no direction.
Maybe Bernie Sanders can sell a couple of houses and contribute that
how about letting us join the retirement fund you and federal employees enjoy? It is very good plan with rich benefits. Better than any piva
@TheDemocrats Thank"s 2 U Politicians & Govt. EE's the Country cannot subsidize anybody else due to UR Lavish Benefit Plans.
It is not the employers responsibility to save for the employee's retirement
"Employers" no longer look at employees as assets. To them, we're a necessary evil in their quest of extreme wealth & power. #shame
Which is why we have social security! Until congress mucked it up and fail to fund it properly!
Most of them don't have a nickel to save by any means.
but they have a $800 Iphone, nice car
How very ironic that those who scream loudest against Trump always have something to hide.
Maybe fed. state and local gov’t should let people keep more of their money #heychuckitsnotyourmoney
You have us paying your retirement Chuckles. You are out of touch. The employer isn't responsible to give them a retirement. They save!
Save what??
It's called $. Not that many do today. They live for today and hope mommy and daddy bail them out later!  Maybe Chuck will send you your SS$
Thanks to Barry and followers.
in a free society, the answer is not more government, more of you, but rather...dude, get another job with benefits. It's about choices.
Allow significantly larger contributions into IRAs and cut Social Security. Problem solved. That was easy.
What have the dems done for them 55 mil didnt appear in the last 100 days u have done nothing chucky just obstruct
do what democrats do best..take it from somebody who actually earned it..eff you chuck
Tell them to SAVE - new concept, if that doesn't do it take a second job
Do something worthless Chuck, less talking more action, start earning your salary before next recess
Our employers think like trump, more for them and less for us!  Some of us haven't gotten raises in over 5 years!  Downsized  & overworked
So what have you been doing in Washington all these years besides selling Bullshit and lining your own pockets ????
Worse than that you're doing nothing to win our hearts forget your constituency think national
Now it seems all you guys do as you're sitting on your hands and doing nothing for us
America is sick of politics as usual and that's why we voted for the outsider
Yeah. That moron move working out 'great'.
It's like watching two family members argue with him in Italy but nobody talking solutions just blame
Can't you demonstrate competence through the sharing of good ideas on how to fix many of the problems
Thanks to you and your no nothing Dems under the community organizer mentality if the last 8 years . It rests directly in your lack of guts
With tangible reasonable solutions to all the problems facing America that makes sense.?
We Americans who are now independents, are sick of finger-pointing with no solutions can't you guys come to the table
Demonstrate some intelligence, demonstrate you have solutions, demonstrate leadership and get out of this cat fight
If you guys would stop focusing on tromp. Step up to the microphone with good ideas on how you would fix things.
Here's "Chucky come lately"! Where have U been for last 25 yrs? Why bring up now? UR just as bad as Pelousy with UR diarreha of the mouth.
Thank you @SenSchumer I myself have put away very little (almost laughable). Cost of living today is too high. Need to be @ $25+ to make it.
No u chose not to make it.  Move to lower cost of living area, get rid of Iphone, no hair cuts, stop buying makeup.
Already do all of that for school. Once I graduate, I start paying off debt. Again, when do we start saving? God forbid an emergency arises.
my 2 kids in college, paying bills, living in apartments, and both have already started saving.  They just sacrifice other things
So?  Let us set up our own retirement accounts and you stay our of our personal business.
What stupid fucking scheme is this tweet leading up to?
Someone in the investment biz should invent some sort of individual retirement account.
Allow them to invest their SS tax themselves. But wait, then you couldn't steal it.
And not one @GOP member cares.
Since you obviously care, what would you do about this? @SenSchumer @GOP
This is an outrage
Well they could open an IRA or a Roth IRA. A little personal responsibility won't hurt a bit.
That's why you start your own retirement like those of us who are self employed.   Stop encrging  dependency &start encrging self reliance
I am one of those ....so is my husband
I call BS! WTF is an IRA?
Why are you putting this on the employer? What happened to self reliance and personal responsibility?
GOOD THING TRUMP IS WORKING SO HARD TO BRING JOBS BACK TO US! DEMS JUST STUCK EVERYONE ON PUBLIC ASSISTANCE AND SKEWED UNEMPLOYMENT #s
. Employer retirement entitlements haven't been around for years where have you been?
So, Great One, you want Congress to start an IRA for 55 million of which 45 mil are illegals & the other 10 don't get off their ass & work!
Speaking of asses, we can smell where you got those numbers.
Which is pretty impressive over the Internet.
So what are you going to do about it? Congress is all talk no definitive positive action to make life better for the American worker.
tough, where there is a WILL THERE IS A WAY!  bet your retirement is set!  give them some of your money!
So you did nothing about it in the last 8 yrs, but hey tweeting about it will help.
The problem is that they don't have any money left after inflation and government have emptied their pockets. Fix this first.
How are you strengthening, protecting and improving our Social Security?Also, how's your tax payer supported retirement plan?Well protected?
Well that didn't just happen in the last  days why haven't you done anything until now
Raise IRA max to.same as 401k
We're with you Sen. Schumer. Give 'em hell!
Why didn't he do anything before Trump
Don't you think it's time to increase the IRA contribution rates to those of 401K plans?
Well, they do usually have savings accounts through their banks, though.
CUT PERSONAL TAXES!
But you have a golden retirement and insurance paid for by tax payers !! That's all u care about.
Like GOP congress have great healthcare but don't want anyone else to have it?
Call your local State Farm Agent!
Um, they can open an IRA @SenSchumer. Are they completely helpless??
Counterpoint- Freedom! Free from retirement, free from healthcare, free from renewable energy! Lol
And the banks are excited about the few who do.
Chuckie anyone can set up an IRA or Roth
On my health care plan.  Why is my monthly payment $6000? This is killing my business and my employees pay check.
They don't have any money to save. It's all going to health care. I am a small business owner in NY. I have 6 employee's, and 5 on
Then they need to save on their own. 
Ever heard of a 401(k)?
You had control of the House, Senate, and White House in 2009. Why didn't you fix this? Oh yeah, more impt to screw up health care system. 
When you regulated the plans so heavily they are no longer cost effective for a small business to offer, you are the biggest wall to that.
Easy solution, allow higher IRA contributions for those whose employers don't have a plan if current limits not high enough.
take half of your prison population put them in house arrest let them feed themselves put the money back into Healthcare
So what are u saying u want people like me who work 3 jobs now to give them money to retire&college can l keep someu
Here's something you're apparently not aware of...ANYONE CAN OPEN & CONTRIB TO AN IRA..but then U dont tell truths do you
As long as Republicans are fracturing regs, the little guy will be screwed.
Please provide ONE example of how your asinine comment is true.
& those that do have a way 2 save 4 retirement are susceptible 2 Dems. illegally seizing their pensions. Chuck tell us the truth. Delphi
It's not their employer's responsibility to fund them for life. Personal responsibility is a thing...
Saving plans thru employers r a method they use to attract good workers. The rewards for being a good worker are not "rights" for everyone
Yes, thanks to Dumbocrats like you and 44.  #TERMLIMITS
No Shit CHUCKIE ! But You Get Yours Off The Backs Of Those Same Americans!  WHEN ARE YOU PEOPLE GOING TO TAKE A PAY CUT?????
GOP feels that number is not high enough... before SS they had a source of desperate poor who did not vote and died young... saved billions
That's because you have them all on welfare! What now we are gonna have 401 k for welfare recipiants? If u had ur way Im sure u would agree
I guess if employers had consistently paid a living wage plus enuff to put in an IRA, we would never have had welfare.
We will always have welfare. Their are always people who don't want to work as long as the government pays them to sit on their ass.
thank you for staying on topic.  Economics over this obsession over identity politics !
You have to be a member of Congress to have a nice retirement package
Problem with pensions is that they include OT pay. Pensions should just be straight pay average. That's part of the reason for underfunding
Even those of us who do- it won't be enough to live and pay health care costs. And forget retirement before 70.
Somewhere, there should be a solution where every full-time worker should get a pension.
Too many federal employees/union workers have huge pensions that are underfunded and headed for trouble.
U have been in office for years, not 100 days!  YOU MADE THIS PROBLEM FOR US!!!!  TIME TO LEAVE.@TERMLIMITS
How long have you been a senator? Now under a new Trump administration you raise this issue? Did you know about the IRA established in 1975?
Quit taxing the shit out of us, problem solved. We can take care of ourselves.
we need you to speak out about the fact that potus is mentally impaired. You must lead. We need you to. #Adultsfordemocracy
Youre claiming the potus is mentally "impaired" while purposely choosing some muppet thing as your profile picture. Life is hard for you.
Thanks to over regulations which killed high paying jobs and company sponsored retirement plans like in mining, steel and paper industries.
Are you forcing this as a precursor to getting rid of social security? I want to be in control of my money & investments.
Then get a new job?  #Victimhood
More reason the last  8 years of pathetic GDP & wage growth,& failure of real household income to return to pre-recession $ is devastating.
maybe they should save on their own.
U will be alright sure, u made plenty doing nothing for years
Yes they do. And they don't need the government to do it for them or government tell them what to do. I reject your socialist ways. @POTUS
Lol .. sez the "retired marine living 0n government socialism"! "Irony" is not something done to Class As before inspection ....
Yep, your stupidity is showing. And your liberal socialist tactic is exposed. Can't provide an argument so divert the subject.
We should then have Government Retirement Plans...Wait that's SS and you guys raided the trust fund...#FoolMeTwice
A benefit most live to regret they never had. Those who doubt, ask anyone who depends solely on Social Security payments. So sad Senator.
Chuck - 55mil work for minimum wage and 15$ that the Dems are promoting is not going to help. Work with Trump for real jobs,BENEFITS, 401K's
Term limits chucky
So open an individual IRA they do exist or don't u want anyone to know how 2 care 4 themselves!?!
But isn't it nice you have such a gold package on the backs of the taxpayers?
Are you working for Corporate HR Depts now? Get employers out of the health and retirement biz and #freetheworkers
