No one in the world ever thought that anything Ted Cruz did would make it better for Americans. Even Ted Cruz.
SCHUMER IS JUST A CON MANIPULATING HIS FOOLS !
Trump is a traitor to America. Trump is an illegitimate "President", installed by his master Putin, a dictator who attacked the U.S.
GET A CLUE !
I BET YOU DONT KNOW WHO THIS IS ?
WITH MAKEUP !
I mean, just this week, Trump and his WH Mafioso were proved to be liars.
GET A CLUE !
That's the dumbest meme I've ever read, well one of them, seeing as how a huge part of the Democratic base is people of color.
Just hand their cash to insurance company & get nothing in return. Bad idea!
because Chief Clown @SenSchumer says so. Crystal clear with his crystal ball. Too bad you cant predict democrat healthcare bill fails
The UNAFFORDABLE CARE ACT U voted in worst piece of legislation EVER! Taxes, high premiums & deductibles make it impos. 4 families 2 afford.
@POTUS @JEFFSESSIONS @STEPHENMILLERAL @4US_WORKERS U CARE ABOUT THIS BILL? HOW ABOUT THE HUNDREDS OF THOUS AMERS WHO LOST JOBS TO H1B VISAS?
Keep fighting the good fight Chuck
@POTUS @JEFFSESSIONS @4US_WORKERS @STEPHENMILLERAL CHUCK-IF U DIDN'T SELL US OUT TO CHEAP FOREIGN LABOR WE'D B ABLE TO AFFORD HEALTHCARE!
You're the worst chucky
It's crystal clear that Obamacare took away my healthcare and taxes me for it. 
You don't care about us, just your own job. 
Faker
So how's about advertising the suggested repairs to ACA? Something constructive is better than everything negative.
Dems don't have a plan. They knew it was coming with all the efforts to repeal, but no positive ideas to fix O'care. It's easy to obstruct!
A lot of data in that tweet.
Luckily this time around, both sides of the aisle actually can read the bill before having to vote!
Only through your liberal obstructionist glasses.
Again U have no clue do U Mr.get out of NY find a new Job out side of the US,sick of U 


Mr Schumer, more choices less money. Quit lying to the American People. Get to work.
If you say it's bad , it must be what us conservatives want. Get government out of our healthcare.
stop whining.. what would YOU do to make it better?
Stop baby making sluts from chewing up tax payer money! Stop endless Medicaid!
Now you know why we voted @SenTedCruz out of TX! That man would not walk alone on a Texas street for all the caviar in Russia. #Healthcare
Mr. Schumer are you on Obama care? Yes or No?
And you're getting senile.
@GOP are perverse. The joy they get at the idea of destroying the lives of the American people borders on ghoulish/serial killer insanity.
Do you ever say anything positive about anything? You just try to scare people,  intimidate
We can see how you hate free market solutions @senschumer. Is it because you can't tell us what to do? #HealthcareBill #BCRA @SenTedCruz
If you don't like it then it means it's good for the country! Thanks for your help.
Thank you Senator for constant criticism but failing to engage in health care reform....more democratic losses in fall elections.
What's clear is Left Dems refuse to work at all to replace a failing ACA. Soon 23 million lose ins. When it collapses #139,000 debt from ACA
You'll never be happy till we have a Government run HC System. Wrong move...Can't believe you supported the failed Obama HC. SO unaffordable
The Cruz plan would take coverage for pregnancy chemo and rx drugs away - how is that even considered CARE?
It does not take these things away. It gives people choices on what's needed. OCARE forces coverage. 65yr old women need pregnancy coverage?
But instead of whining what would a Schumer amendment do?
You want citizens to buy insurance for things don't need to help insurance companies make more profit. Push middle income premium not afford
Give up YOUR EXEMPTION to ACA along with your pals in Congress & Senate
And AHCA is better?.. No, it's much worse and collapsing... Open your eyes man... Your health care act is dead..  Stop obstructing progress!
Sir, You're not a doctor & the govt shouldn't be in the healthcare business, but you &  @TheDemocrats own this disaster: #Obamacare.
Chuckle, you are a jack wagon of huge proportions.
Reading comments confirms Schumer misleads Americans with his lies, crying, and comic act.  Boo!
Alinsky law: repeat lies and the voters will eventually believe them. You're misleading uneducated Americans with your lies.
True
@SenSchumer drop dead please
That's what @tedcruz is doing to Texas.
Really all the gop people in this country should leave the gop party
They made the bill better for the gops to vote it in  by making it worse for the people of the USA who are also gops
I hope the dems will soon propose some bills to improve and update Obamacare.  I think this senate bill will fail.
Whatever Chucky. Keep obstructing. That's what u and DEMS do. #MAGA

DEMOCRAP 'S SCARED HUH.  YOU HYPOCRITES
Right Chuckie

Not that @SenSchumer has attempted to help on behalf of his constituents. He's so pigheaded that he doesn't care about Obamacare failing
And the insurance companies have even spoken out against it!

It should just go back to how it was before the Obacare started this shit
Of course it would be he wants to repeal not fix anything. @tedcruz
Still better than the ACA that you crammed down our throats. That millions lost their doctors and insurance.  #DNCHypocrites
It's crystal clear you are an OBSTRUCTIONIST and LIAR
And you have the right solution!TinyTears Chuckie be quiet. You whine more than a two year old. Geez, give it a break. You're pathetic!
I agree with you. I just want to see Obama care go belly up but unfortunately the idiots that voted for it would not be affected at all.
I had COPD I use a nebulizer twice a day and I say repeal Obamacare
Tell us what the problem is and offer a solution instead of all ways criticizing it with no solutions
Lol sch is beyond funny. Everyone will die if the @GOP does anything. Silly crying @SenSchumer is full of  #MAGA resign sch.
Do you need a waaaaaaaaaaaaamulance
Why? Because it expects personal responsibility of the individual?
Whaaaa!  It's just that NY wants free money to pay bills its racked up by being too lax with Medicaid!  Toughen up like others (Except CA)
I cant wait till ur no longer in Congress!
Just stick it where you would like it : like up you butt
Instead of putting #HealthcareBill  down, what would your office do to fix it? So far we hear negative rhetoric
You can't trust lying Ted
Love the Cruz amendment. So much better than Obamacare which you thought was WONDERFUL.
Then help then bh
Anything the Republican do is worse because all you care about is control not working to help the American people
Again, it not bad to rally the true believers, but do we see a better plan and some compromises in the near future?
And Obamacare is bloody awful!
WTF?
Didn't think anyone could do worse than Obama.
What's the dem proposal? No joke...someone needs to present a solution
@lisamurkowski
@DeanHeller 
@SenCapito
@SenMikeLee 
@senrobportman 
@JerryMoran
Americans are Still waiting for Obamacare to be AFFORDABLE and NO DEDUCTIONS: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=HIVqInMfghA … . TERM LIMITS 
Then help bh
Chuck,what are you doing about it?Do something,tell us how u can improve http://it.talk  is all you do
According to you, anything that you didnt think up is awful; doubly awfull if it Rep idea.  Obamacare was your last idea. Hows that working?
Because the insurance companies oppose it. Who's side are you on?
@SenSchumer STOP DRINKING, GET SOBER
Your worse than ever before
You and  Dems created this problem of Obamadoesn'tcare now be part of the solution.
BEST PART OF IT BESIDES CAPPING MEDICAID.
Mr. Schumer nothing can make that monstrosity Bill worse than what it was you sit up in that mansion you're so far out of touch with reality
He is clueless

All you want is more giveaways, you're just looking for votes. You have no bullets in the gun whatsoever.
What is wrong with taking the ACA, working together to make it better?? And control the prices of medical stuff. Egg prices are controlled.
The only thing Crystal clear is your willingness to complain about anything Republician!   Guess what?  YOU LOST. GET OVER IT. MOVE ON
Complain?Really?Dems created the unaffordable "affordable care act" where insurers drop like flies & folks can't afford deductibles&premiums
Wonder why f Chuck actually read it or just throwing allegations as usual???
Then why don't you try to do the job you were  to do and help
Wondering when the @GOP gonna wake up and see how unpopular their legislation is? 2018!!!! Vote them ALL out!!
@tedcruz making something worse? Surely, you jest!
@SenTedCruz Your amendment just kills more people. GOP needs to accept Health Care is a right. The profit line is not a right.
You have no ideas of your own but you criticize  others.
Explain how this amendment is bad. Americans need details  not propaganda !
It's crystal clear that you will obstruct anything and everything just because.
so what do u have to offer to fix it
Chuck you know all about failed health insurance. You have been promoting it for 7 years
Liar!

and then there's this the GOP's misinformation comes from the top down
Why is the expansion of free market worse?  We WANT free market competition to drive down ins cost!!  That's why Dems against!!!
Oh wait till I get my surprise look. cruz has always been against helping the people. Help himself and the rich
Nowhere close to as bad as the ACA disaster. Shame, shame, shame. What an attempted coup of the medical system by the socialist Demos
So your saying Obama care is a horrible bill?  About time you admit it sucks and cost the American people good quality care.
It's crystal clear you're still an obstructionist....spelled D-I-C-K-H-E-A-D
In ur eyes But everything u see is blinded by ur hatred 4 ur Pres I pity u having 2 live w/ such hatred inside u Ur a poisoned person So sad
and they are gleeful about ripping healthcare from the poor, Ryan fantasized about doing it in college, hold Turtle man accountable
What's worse than a SCAM? You and the other evil Democrats FORCED OBAMACARE on Working Americans. Trying to monopolize insurance co.
I am begging you please bring forth ur ideas to the press.Then the American people will have something to fight for. You guys are blowing it
Crystal clear DEM party died. It failed/fails US daily. Not 1 DEM w skills to work w/ @POTUS? Not 1 good steward of US $. No leaders! #TOXIC
The looney liberals took over the dem party. It used to be horrible. Now it's treasonist.
They want to kill us !!!
I haven't heard your idea of health care Chucky boy.
That's what you get when Cruz is involved.
Obstructionist gather...they do not work ! 
They cry !
Shame on schmer
When are you Dems going to come up with some ideas?
It's disturbing that because of a dislike for our president you fail to participate and do what's best for our country! U need to go!
Really? Where are your amendments? Oh! That's right! Your ego is more important than what's best for the American people! We get it!
What did anyone expect with Cruz?
How could it be any worse than the ACA - big failure for dems!
exactly. He would not sign off because bill not harsh enough. Cruz Hates Americans and wants to #makeamericasickagain.
It's got to be good if you don't like it.
I agree
How do you exacerbate death senator. BO care is dead, gone. And why is healthcare a right? And why is govt The answer?
Please help us

Sir, where are your ideas, clearly stated in opposition.  The negativity with no plan is worthless
Senator you are ineffectual and feeble.  We need this to be all our opposition sir! Use your techniques to do something
There is no pleasing  the  bullies  in  congress
You're a clown....what else needs to be said.
And your plan, "Senator"?
So resign!
Ya ya ya the world will end and all that crap we heard it already every time you open your mouth
Dems don't want solutions, that would look too good for Pres Trump.  They use taxpayers & issues to obstruct issues.  Vote these crooks out
We knew it would be another evil disaster.
THIS IS ALL FAKE NEWS
Something fishey here?
You can't make chicken salad out of chicken shit...
How can you,  after being in the Senate so long not have influence on reasonable Republicans??? #trumpcast.com
Total LIE!!!!
Since when did @tedcruz ever do anything for the American People?

Not for those of us working our cans off 60 hours a week and paying high taxes and premiums!
Blah blah blah

Dems should be working to fix ACA now, while Repubs trying to pass BCRA. When it fails, have the ACA fixes ready for bipartisan meeting.
Healthcare Hunger Games for all pre existing
Even BCBS agrees with you.
Clock is ticking on Obamacare implosion just in time for 2018 elections. Democrats obstruct any fixes. Great strategy.
Anything + @tedcruz makes it worse than it was before.
Dems hate America.
At the least we need to have the offensive mandates lifted!
We must put an END TO THIS. MUELLER MUST ALSO WORK FASTER TO GET TO THE BOTTOM OF THIS.  GET THEM OUT,  LOCK THEM UP. TRAITORS
Anything that removes any aspect of socialism from our society has you screaming like a stuck pig,  Chuck! Happy Days!
If any1 made #hotdogs the way you didn't like it it would b a #disaster. We #voted 4 a disaster #you
The leader of the party of No continues to hurt America by blocking any legislation. It is time to grow the economy, end the embarrassment
Allow shopping for insurance across state lines Chucky
Even insurance companies are against it,that bad
Who is going to protect everyday Americans from the evil of Republicans? Who?
Just fund abortion if this is what you're going to do to healthcare. #FundPlannedParenthoodFully #NeverTheocracy #keepYOURlawsOFFmyBODY
First mean, then meaner, now meanest
Yes he's going to start crying now !!
So why not #MedicareForAll, Senator? You only have shame to lose.
DOJ announces charges against 400 people for $1.3 billion in health ...
https://www.washingtonpost.com/.../doj-announces-charges-against-400-people-for-1-3- …... REPEAL
So? After Putin takes over we get MoscowCare don't we? Or are you bullshitting about that too? ROFL you are entertaining at times. Myrth
Dear Chuck: It's crystal clear that it's not Cruz or @GOP that's keeping 39M folk from #singlepayer health CARE. #DemExit @GreenPartyUS
It is a death and poverty sentence for millions. #NoBCRA @RepTenney @ClaudiaTenneyNY @claudiatenney
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION MR.SCHUMER!!

WORK TOGETHER AND SOLVE THE PROBLEM INSTEAD OF ADDING TO THE PROBLEM!!

AMERICA WILL SPEAK NOV 2018!
Is it fair to call it the #CruzMissile to target healthcare?
How much money did you take to make that statement Chuck
