Your name says something about yourself...lol
And to think you can vote.. that's scary
They have been saying the same thing for over 3 decades, so far nothing.
Never trust someone with the last name Weiner..  #doesyourbalognahaveafirstname?
BS...there is no exiting from trying to make things better...but WE should not carry the majority of the burden.  Best to handle this at ...
Saved us lots of redistribution in taxpayer money. Did nothing effective for mother earth or ppl.



yet We the People applaud his withdrawal! China is biggest polluter yet they got a pass??? it's about the money! nothing more!!
Which Greenhouse gas has the biggest effect water vapor, carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, or ozone on climate change?
Wrong.
do something about it??? That's what I thought,shut the hell up!
Who cares what u or head clown Schumer thinks.
Obama shoved this down our throats. If it had come up for a vote it would have been shot down and we wouldn't be talking about it.

BOT alert.
Of course he says that...because he never took the time to see what a scam that agreement is.
It's a plan to melt all you snowflakes... haha!!!
As with all MSM news, just because you say it doesnt make it true
You are welcome to donate your own money. You have lots. @realDonaldTrump
No, Chuckie. YOU are a failure of historic proportions.
It's mortifying! In just 4 months, we change from being positive world leader to degrading under Trump admin. We MUST #FireTrump #VoteOutGOP
...the local level anyway.  The Feds have enacted too much stuff to help areas with loudmouth democrats and harmed the rest of the country.
I bet you're more scared of climate changes than criminals crossing our borders or ISIS. I don't have armed escorts. Ridiculous politicians!
He said when its changed and good for America and its citizens then he would talk. He isn't going to agree w/regulations that cripple us
And Chuck Schumer is who? Just a representative of a small area of Liberal New York. He does not speak for the majority of the US.



we're all gonna die...we're DOOOOOOOMED!! The end is NEAR!!
aaaaaarrrghghghghghgghghgh!!!!
the hysterics from u kooks makes me chuckle..TY!
Let's hope Anderson Cooper takes a big dump on your desk so you have more crap to report on.
Take a look a schumers career then see what his opinion is worth nothing
Trump looser Hate Hate him

What an extraordinary display of real leadership. Thank you #MrPresident . Enjoy your weekend Sir -
Since when do we care about what Schumer has to say? #Trump won the presidency, not Schumer.
If Schumer, Obama, HRC and Al Gore are angry, I know #mypresident made the correct decision to withdraw.
Oh no. Hillary Clinton losing to Trump was a failure of historic proportions. Now the rest of you Dems are going next. Ur out of touch.
Needless to say, that this is a ploy, To get people attention away from the Healthcare budget plan!!

@StevenMWolfe3 why?
Invalid agreement......senate never approved 

Obama wanted to circumvent Congress 

We have NO obligation

Never approved by senate= no deal @POTUS
Does Schumer really think NYERS are going to be thrilled by a 55% increase in electric rates similar to Germany in the last 5yrs, Doubt it.
Schumer, what a  source. Schumer blinded by hatred & fundamental lack of knowledge @ PCA. His concern isn't US jobs only making Dem serfs.
All Trump policies are a disaster and guaranteed to hurt someone or something. Why should this decision come as a surprise? Trump destroys.

who the heck R U mark? some dingo?
Chuck Schumer is an idiot of historic proportions. Shameful.

TRUMP DID THE RIGHT THING! The Paris Climate Accord was not voted on or approved by the U.S. Senate. RULE OF LAW!

Thank God for Trump.  Agreement is worthless, costs USA more $$$.  USA has done plenty to help environment.  Other countries need to do more

Failure is, what failure does...
Just deal with it.

Only an ignorant democrat would say that!!
Chuckles says it's a failure but Chuckles is wrong.

Schumer does not give a rats ass about economic survival of American workers. The elite in US are all about themselves not us. Sickening
@SenSchumer HAS never been the brightest bulb in the room. The nastiest
OH REALLY! BILL CLINTON BACKED OUT TOO and yet you did not give all doom & gloom your doing now... So that just says your A LIAR!
Q: If a failure why did @BarackObama never send it to cong for approval?  A: He & dems knew it wouldn't pass, so stop your hypocrisy & BS.


no, he acted for middle America, remember who they are and  and not globalists
Failure to have the treaty ratified, I guess is what you mean.  Live by the pen, and die by the eraser.

Then history must have been his strong suit while receiving his share of liberal indoctrination..
Can someone tell me what was so good about an agreement the the UN scientists said would only change the temperature by .003 degrees

How/why. The taxpayer won't have to come up with $100 bullion
The "failure of historic proportions" will be the the international Obama spy network!

Not a failure....just taking the moneybags out of WA.  Sit back and learn ppl
Get a grip Chucky. Giving billions to Iran a terrorists state is far worst then not allowing Americans wealth to be redistributed

Of course it is....clown Schumer. Pffft

Does Chucklehead Schumer have anything else to do other than being an obstructionist & propagandist? Waste of a Senate seat.

Best thing that could have ever happened! So glad we are out of yet another money pit that the democrats put n place!

Another disasterous decision by a demented ignorant despot.

#MAGA
Stand with our potus! It's good for our country! Stop spreading propaganda chuck

Paris accord is nothing more than a wealth redistribution scheme. Wake up, liberals...


Chucky says I can make your hands clap.
Chuck is also one of the most corrupt politicians in Washington. The left Libs can't be trusted. All liars and obstructors. headed sheep
No worries...Brother Sessions has his  on him.
LOL Chuck  Schumer has to re-tweet his own tweets 2try 2make himself more important. How narcissistic. He looks crazy yelling & waving arms
He is crazy.
Hey Chucky boy. Why don't you go find a nice transgender and discuss the possibility that the climate has and will always change?
Yeah and make sure to use the correct restroom this time.
Chucky knows more about failure than anyone on the east coast.

Only real question is, what is this meant to distract us from?

You know better Sen SCHUMER. You did not even know what was in the Paris Treaty !!! Judge Not !!

Let these metrosexual, open border, G7 smirking little cynical CHEAP Leaders foot the entire Bill themselves. Act like men @BBCWorld

Sen Schumer also stands for Islam, Illegals, pedos, and covering up #SethRich

TRUMP is the BIGGEST LOSER IN THE WORLD. His father was the one who always got him out of DEBT.  How TRUMP FOOLED ALL THE GOP PARTY.
Seriously dude  @SenSchumer  it didn't even go through Congress & your ok with that? Did you even read it cover to cover?
@TheDemocrats DON'T READ

Maybe you all should read what is in the Paris accord instead of opposing the president's decision for spite.
It was a bad deal for US !
They all pissed off because Trump interrupted their kick-back scheme with American tax payer's 
Historic failure Only 4 countries addicted 2 US $ & coasting on USA coattails
Senator Schumer, Democrats and other ... what did Hillary insinuate "high info voters" (NOT) don't know the agreement. Never got to see it!
This could be the stupidest decision EVER made by a President!!

They say we have enough regulations and are lowering carbon emissions.  Then they go inside and cut the legs of those very regulations.  SMH
It's called less government. It's called investing in America. #Trump promised to MGA, not Paris and the 
The failure of historic proportions was when chuckie & obama signed the deal in the first place Wake Up America get rid of these in Gov't
Drain that #phucking #Swamp #MrPresident
So are you!
SMH the hysteria over a bad deal based on bad science rewarding bad ppl
@realDonaldTrump is a failure of epic proportions.   This is another price to pay for his election.

Right! Schumer says...& NO ONE listens!
Most people think Schumer is a failure of historic proportion,and every tweet provides evidence to prove it.

Trump: Really it's this big, I swear, ask Mel, Vanky and Fanny. @realDonaldTrump
#MrPresident this is a #bigphuckingdeal
He is wrong
an excellent title for his entire presidency

I am speechless!
@realDonaldTrump is the failure. He is the bigger loser in America and to mankind

Of course he did, you expected anything different?
Indeed it is. An ignorant move by an ignorant man.
Throwing money at something doesn't fix it. Actions do.

If Democrats want it it's probably not good for America citizens
Success for PutIn

Only if your a globalist..
The States them Self Legally Sign On to the Paris France  Climate Accord. 
  Sign the States themselves Up. America
read point 4 http://www.breitbart.com/economics/2017/05/31/every-bad-thing-avoided-rejecting-paris-climate-accords/ … Smashing Small Businesses, Helping Big Business. why do you think they are crying so loud lots of money
get the buiness end of the I dont give a hel??? Border Town USA is on deck, where is my net Steinle Shaw, gotta pe???
