U forgot the warning. During Ramadan terrorists r promised more of a reward thru murder during this time in Paradise.
@SenSchumer
Horrible
You are showing your true colors, TRAITOR of the people. America 1st, not a political movement called muslim. Vote out this liar
NO to RAMADAN!!!!
Deport all muslims. They are our enemy.
Why don't I see twitter flooded with Muslim Americans speaking out against the Radical Islamic Terrorists ?  #StopIslamicTerrorism

Chuckie have you ever been to their sun down party, if not please do would be like your passover
Crooked weasel Schumer when will you stop receiving cash from Russia and stop suckling on crooked Muslim brotherhood Obama
It's Memorial Day Weekend and I have yet to see your post thanking those who gave all
Ameen . Thank you! May our prayers for impeachment be answered!
It my President!    He's doing awesome!   
And I hope the Muslim world denounces the death and destruction from their radical segments.


How many murders do you predict by peaceful Muslims worldwide? Happy Ramadan.

Hello
Hello
Thank you, Senator. America needs more love, less hatred.
America needs to wake the fuck up. Build it walls ten feet higher and kick all the the globalist traitors out of this country.
Diversity is just a cue word for displacing a native population with immigrants. It means we lose our fucking countries.
Any body that supports themselves losing their control to immigration should do the country a favor and move the fuck out.
Yes Crying Chuck. You have the World's "Peaceful Religion" in High Gear With Your KowTowing. London Bridge this Time.
It is respecting other people's religion and culture.
Typical...While REAL Americans here at home Recognize our Fallen and Active Military..This Democratic scum back celebrates Ramadan & Muslims
He's a traitor to this country and supports genocide brought about by globalist central bankers and their forced policies. Evil as can be.
Better yet meet them in Dearborn for their Death to America and democracy march.
Yeah I'd really like to see @SenSchumer do that, wouldn't show up in person he full of hot air & chicken to show up at a patriot function 
Absolutely brother
No such march exists, you're just a low-life.
You must be Iranian.
149 Ramadan murders so far Chuck, not counting the people killed by the Religion of Peace using their love van & coexist machetes in the UK.
Guess they are making it meaningful, huh?
Hey Schumer are you happy with all the bombings going on during Ramadan happy Ramadan to you to you mother 7%8% £/
Hope Chucky is happy with all the bombings during Ramadan
Deport them all
Thank you
you always were a thoughtful gentleman - never judgmental about one's faith or financial standing either.  A true spokesman for us all
Did you cry as you typed this? For the Coptic Christians?
What you do to help fix issues lower the Medicare age to 62 instead of 65. Remove the maximum income of 106k for Medicare tax.
What is your message to the radical  extremist groups?
The irony, a Jew wishing blessings to fall upon Muslims.  Can't even be true to your heritage.  Ramadan Bombathon.
GFY Schmucky! Of course you think it's a good thing to praise Islamic holidays.
Are you monitoring the incident in Portland? Can it be connected to stabbing in Maryland? @AnthonyBrownMD4 @SenGillibrand @SenRonWyden
You converted
coup da ta
Ironically, you were silent on Resurrection Day ("Easter"). Guess we know which god you're loyal to #shocker
Till they blow you up
Thank you Senator Chuck Schumer!
You forgot to say; Keep killing Christians and leave us Jews alone.
So you are behind the isis bombers? Wow need to put you away
What about the Radical Islamic folks? Will you stand on a stage and cry with them? The ones that will BLOW UP your American kids.
Or will you protest and say something like 'not all Muslims are terrorists'.  Or, will you say 'All terrorists are Muslims'
What will it take to wake people up ??????
Did u even know that if a muslim doesn't fast or eats during the fast they will be jailed or worse Yep really loving "religion" u praise
Duck and cover Chuck
Oh & when did u ever give a Christian praise for lent or wish a Christian "Merry Christmas" Or praise the resurrection of Jesus HYPOCRITE
Yeah like you give a shit
You are so phony!

Why did we elect you to protect americans. Voting for Shariff law for us or just lying for votes. Unemployment for all Democrats
When they're not killing people I guess.
P.S.  Please don't blow me up for no good reason whatsoever.
Reminder..Shavuot is May 30-31.
Thank You Happy Ramadan To You Too  Im White, Im Muslim & Lets Spread Peace To Everyone This Month Is About The Sick & Poor Pray 4 Them
WHEN DID YOU BECOME A MUSLIM?? TOO BAD FOR THEM IF U ARE AA MEMBER!
Whichever way the wind will blow you will be sure to find Schumer in front of a camera. How about God Bless the U.S.A., and our military?
When we hate any group in its entirety we only reap harm onto ourselves. To the truly good Moslem people - enjoy in peace!
Thanks and same to you
ramadan mubarak mr chuck
 traitor 
#banislam #bansharia #democraticterrorism #leftistterror #vermin #cockroaches #muslimban #deepstate #sedition #LiberalLogic
I just LOVE it when folks exude their hypocrisy. Wonder if this is a good time for a REFUGEE PAUSE? http://thehill.com/blogs/floor-action/senate/260471-schumer-refugee-pause-may-be-necessary … #MuslimBan
It's not for you unless you are a Muslin.
hey how was the death toll in 2016 during Ramadan?it's the time to jihad against all with extra blessings in heaven afterwards
Ahhh Cucky at it again, making sure he's got that #alohasnackbar voting base covered.  #cuckyschumer #cuckschumer
Do you really care?  Are you being Politically correct?
It's actually a month of extreme terror. How many attacks last yeAr around the globe? More than we can count
No Merry Christmas to christians chuck baby of course not
And peaceful
#YourAreAnIdiot
Chuckles so all inclusive 
Also, please stop killing Copts and blowing up kiddie concerts. Shalom!
Terrible, Chuck!! Like Obama, you hide behind the illusion of PC ideology and passive diplomacy.  Like Obama, you are killing our Nation
But your president Blessed only the Bad Muslims in Saudi Arabia
He's your president too. Just because you don't like it, doesn't change reality. Every president has kowtowed to the Saudis. It's not new.
And you are of course asking all the imams in ny state to condemn radical Islamic fundamentalists
WISH YOU SHOULD THIS MUCH COURTESY TO CHRISTIANS
Chuckles  you're really a disappointment.
Chuck doesn't care about Christians, unless they vote....term limits asap
You're a devil schmucker
Thank you @SenSchumer ! May the blessings of this month bring peace to our communities


Stop the obstruction and propoganda
Then a great day for you to reflex.
What about  our troops .
Give me a break kiss ass!
Thank you chuck. Don't forget Coptic Christian month. Should be coming up soon.
Somebody post scumers home address please. Jihadis can break fast at his house
Loser

Wow, sounds like most of the liberals in our country. Not much difference.
Wherever Muslim Terrorists are in need.... Chuck Schumer and Democrats will be there to help.
Screw you schumy! Let's see what you say on Veterans Day!
Thank you @SenSchumer.
Thank you
And may you kill as few Christians as possible.
Whilst Christians are being murdered
Go ahead and poke the bear. Insensitive
I'm more interested in Memorial Day....
Pandering d-bad
Old Crying Chuck... Saddie the Clown. #Pedogate
Hey Chucky, yah lost another one last night! Montana said byebye libturds! I told u what u had to do to win & no Russia is more important.
There is no joy or happiness in you. You're a vile disgusting evil person & may God have mercy on your evil soul
Don't deserve the rights you enjoy so much. That was paid in someone else's blood.
Country and for snakes like Schumer. What then will you rat bastards do when no one will fight for you ?? You are ungrateful and don't
That gave the ultimate sacrifice for this country. There will come a day when men and women like minded will stop going to war for this
So the hell w Memorial Day huh? Democrats fight for illegals,terrorists so they can fly freely into the US but can't say shit about those
Gee maybe there won't be any terror attacks by Muslims! That sure would be a meaningful & blessed month. But out of Schumer's mouth just BS
W no terrorist attacks perpetrated by someone of your faith -
@USFreedomArmy  Enlist
You must have missed the news about all the Christians killed by muslims in Egypt
No he didn't. Liberals hate Christians. Well, they hate everyone except muslims. They act like terrorists too.
YOU SAID I COULD KEEP MR DOCTOR - LIES YOU SAID THE DEDUCTIBLE WOULD NOT GO UP - LIES... now you want me to believe YOU... OH HELL NO!!!!!!!
A PANDERING FRAUD. Schumer nobody believes you're nonsense.
@MMFlint Go to the middle East Michael, and see how long you'd last! https://twitter.com/Fxit2/status/868147951037808641/photo/1pic.twitter.com/YgWHlfpGFo 
Thank you senator Schumer. Keep up the fight! I appreciate you standing against the travel ban.
Thank you and God Blesd you all and GOD BLESS THIS GREAT NATION.
You seriously will stoop to whatever level to keep yourself in the media spot light!
When done he ll need to wipe his Obama
LOL good one
Chuck, are your lips sore from kissing all the asses.
Nancy and You can spread the love to these anti American revolutionaries
Invite CAIR over to the mansion for dinner , share the wealth you enjoy Rich Socialist Obstructionist Politician.
Schumer you are a fool
Chuck schumer your the best Mann! You always stand up for justice
Chuck I'm really getting ashamed of you, I think it's getting time you need to retire...
And hopefully no more bombings and killing of Christians,  news and gays

UnLess you forgot Chuck!!! I haven't forgotten and I sure the hell ain't forgiven either what kind of New Yorker are you??? Traitor
You conveniently forgot they were mostly Saudis while Trump was curtsying and playing with orbs from Spencer's Gifts
early merry christmas to ye cuck
Yep, even with the skirmish in the news, he still won. That's how much people are sick of liberal dems and their agenda.
You are a crazy man, tell this to the Christian's in Egypt
If your not part of the solution your part of the problem.
Why don't they come out publicly and condem these attacks. They also need to rat out this cancer.
You do realize they are going to commit more terrorist attacks?
you're a failure
You pandering POS @SenSchumer !
Relax Chucky. They don't want you.       "YET"
Source? Not breibart or fox.

SENATOR SIR MAY THE MUSLIM HOLIDAY BRING PEACE AND UNIFICATION WITH ALL PEOPLE OF ALL RELIGIONS!
Thank you Sen Schumer - God bless!
A meaningful and blessed month?
28 Christians slaughtered by Muslims today in Egypt, many were children.
Manchester is grieving for theirs.
HOW LONG is Congress going to put up with this?  Are they milking out their own agenda before they get him out?
You need to be asking the question to @SpeakerRyan and the @GOP They have the power right now. Dems doing all they can.
I agree GOP has to be targeted, but I'm believing DEMS can do more.  There has been legal reason from beginning ... Profiting from position.
How is this bs any different from @POTUS wanting to try and build relationships with not so friendly countries?? Simply hypocritical!
Hope your out of office in 18
We The People need to vote out ALL libtards in our cities and states.
They will destroy this country
We know it won't be a blessed month for you Schumer dens continue to lose and you're the top loser
Head Clown In Charge.
Head clown must be talking about Bill Clinton
