My mom & brother are on the roof, still waiting to be rescued. Her phone is about to die! Please help. 6606 Reamer St, Houston, Tx 77074
You should call 911 and give them her location.
I live in S. C.. just saw this on Twitter, thought you could help
Such transfer of calls to other cities would require standardization of call handling.
Redirecting calls is only one piece of the puzzle with such a widely affected region.
Yes, but I'm saying 911 does not have to be overwhelmed. Chicago could be answering the overflow. But, that would entail standards.
The tech for emerg responders to communicate across cities that far away is not available yet.

Sounds like Houston agencies are asleep at the wheel should have water rescue teams out. But apparently not very SAD

How soon do you expect to start blamming President Trump for Hurricane Harvey?
Don't worry...read the Clarke book and feel good that your leader is going to Mo. so he can have his base fellate him while you drown.
Not all MO is his base. That's why we have Claire McCaskill.
What if roof in inaccessible?
Take an ax or saw. Something.
Always taking the credit of others...that's his play ground!!! Scum!!!
The one to blame on this mess in Houston can be blamed on the Houston Mayor for not taking the Advise of the Governor & move to high ground

What if it's too windy and rainy?
Do it anyway

Everybody at #Berkeley Need To Go home and Go To Bed and get a Life! #AntiFa #blm #WhiteNationalist  https://www.pscp.tv/w/bHHx4TFQbUtxUnpOeXhqb1l8MXlvSk1wQlpibHpHUXFn-J7E6piE-_xul4a9wwzSgMj921oWd7k94i2MOxbL …
More numbers you can call GOD BLESS YOU ALL
So so sad this is happening to America 
Mother Nature does not look at boundaries
Also if waters rise too fast, you can become trapped in your attic and drown.
Calling 911 ha ha ha
PLEASE POST HERE where boats are supposed to meet to rescue people. Volunteer phone # is useless. People w/boats are waiting for this info!
It is a caution

I heard on TV not to call 911 unless life and death to just get in roof and wait.
Imagine elderly people trying to climb to the roof? I'm not sure I could do it
It's gonna be shear hell there for a long time
 Just awful
I can't imagine..
@FEMA_Brock batteries only  last so long
Muốn STRESS Người không nên đi vào attics của họ, nhưng thay vào đó lên mái nhà, và nếu gọi 911 ở lại trên đường dây cho đến khi tôi ...
لوگوں کو دباؤ دینے کے لئے چاہتے ہیں ان کے آثار میں نہیں جانا چاہئے، بلکہ اس کی بجائے چھت پر، اور 911 کال لائن پر رہنا جب تک میں ...
ต้องการความเครียดคนไม่ควรเข้าไปในห้องใต้หลังคาของพวกเขา แต่แทนที่จะไปบนหลังคาและถ้าโทร 911 อยู่ในบรรทัดจนกว่าฉัน ...
U DIYAARSANAYSO Dadka waa inaysan tagin qolkooda, laakiin bedelkeeda saqafka, iyo haddii ay wacaan 911 inay joogaan xariiqa illaa inta aan .
ХОТИТЕ СТРЕССЫ. Люди не должны входить на их чердаки, а вместо этого на крышу, и если вы намереваетесь 911 оставаться на линии, пока она не
Chcesz zmęczyć Osoby nie powinny wchodzić na strychy, ale zamiast na dach, i jeśli dzwonisz do 911 pobyt na linii, aż ...
می خواهم فشار بیاورم شخصا نباید به اتاق زیر شیروانی خود برسد، اما به جای آن روی سقف، و در صورتی که 911 تماس بگیرد، تا زمانی که من ...
스트레스 해보고 싶다. 사람들이 다락방에 가지 말고, 대신 옥상에 911에 전화를 걸면 ...
ストレスを与えたい人は屋根裏にいけないのですが、屋根の上に、911に電話をかけておくと、私はそれまでラインに留まります...
!!!!! Le persone non dovrebbero andare nelle loro soffitte, ma invece sul tetto, e se chiamare 911 rimanere sulla linea fino a quando io ...
Utilize the free Visual 911+ app to signal responders & let ur loved ones know ur GPS location and status @ETLights
INGIN STRES Orang TIDAK HARUS pergi ke loteng mereka, tapi malah ke atap, & jika menelepon 911 tetap di telepon sampai aku ...
SZÜKSÉGES A SZEMÉLYEK A személyek NEM mennek a padlásukba, hanem a tetőre, és ha a 911-es hívás a vonalon marad, addig ...
तनाव चाहते हैं व्यक्तियों को उनके attics में नहीं जाना चाहिए, लेकिन इसके बजाय छत पर, और अगर 911 फोन लाइन पर रहने तक मैं ...
ΤΟΝΙΖΕΤΕ Τα άτομα δεν πρέπει να πηγαίνουν στα σοκάκια τους, αλλά αντίθετα στην στέγη, και αν καλούν 911 παραμείνουν στη γραμμή μέχρι να ...
STRESSEN Personen sollten nicht in ihre Dachböden gehen, sondern stattdessen auf das Dach, und wenn Sie 911 auf der Linie bleiben, bis es ..
Les personnes ne devraient PAS entrer dans leurs greniers, mais plutôt sur le toit, et si appeler 911 rester sur la ligne jusqu'à ce que je
GUSTO SA PANANAGUTAN Ang mga tao ay dapat HINDI pumunta sa kanilang attics, ngunit sa halip papunta sa bubong, at kung pagtawag 911 manatili
ŽELITE STRES Osobe ne bi trebale ići na svoje potkrovlje, već umjesto toga na krov, i ako zovete 911 ostati na liniji sve dok ne ...
想要压力人不应该进入他们的阁楼，而是到屋顶上，如果打电话给911留在线上，直到我...
ՑԱՆԿԱՑՆԵԼՈՒ ՈՒՂԻՆԵՐԸ Չպետք է ներս մտնել իրենց շերտերը, այլ փոխարենը տանիքին, եւ եթե զանգահարեք 911-ը գիծում, ապա մինչեւ ...
تريد أن يضغط يجب على الناس لا تذهب إلى أتيكسهم، ولكن بدلا من ذلك على السطح، وإذا اتصل 911 البقاء على الخط حتى ...
DUA TE STRESIT Njerëzit NUK duhet të shkojnë në tavanet e tyre, por në vend të kësaj në dhe nëse thirrjen 911 qëndrojnë në linjë deri sa unë
QUIERE ESTRESE Las personas no deben ir a sus áticos, sino en lugar de la azotea, y si llama al 911 permanecer en la línea ...
NWS Houston, Please Help this Lady
My mom & brother are on the roof, still waiting to be rescued. Her phone is about to die! Please help. 6606 Reamer St, Houston, Tx 77074
Please go into your attic and never come out.
N mark ur roofs so u can be spotted....help that elder neighbor...hang tuff houston u r in our thoughts n prayers
Plain and simple you don't want to go anywhere where there's not a direct Escape Route up
Or call a friend to let them know where they to convey where they are,as staying online may not be feasible,batteries may die.
Ppl on twitter saying attic only option for some. Tell them to break out! Wave white!
You may be trapped in a attic as water rises.
@Hope012015
Please RT this
GOD BLESS ALL ARE PEOPLE AND FRIENDS IN HOUSTON. WE ARE WITH YOU ALL AMEN TO ALL OF YOU.
911 centers should be able to shift calls to other cities 911 centers which would direct calls in the callers area.
Please tell them to take something with them to the roof that will help them float.
@aaronloeb Time to activate the redneck Navy?
Listen and don't go into attic.
Phone service is mostly cell service for ppl
Not charging phone is not same as no phone service
Nobody needs to hear it from you chelsea they have their state officials and fema for that
Too little to late @SenSchumer , OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP @POTUS has got it covered. 
You can go back to sipping your latte now. How's vacation?
Call Cruz/Cornyn...karmaaaaaaaaa!!
Or until your cell phone batteries go dead.
If you are in need of rescue, and cannot get through to 911 call the Houston Command Center at 281-464-4851
Trump will visit Texas
Takes the means. No tornadoes.  And cell phone power if dry phone.
Looks like ur in a tweeting match with the People's POTUS never seen u so interested out of ur voting district self serving pandering hack
Brock Long of FEMA appears to be a leader.  Very good to see.
I was impressed with him at a briefing on Friday.  Solid experience as I think Alabamas equivalent to FEMA.
You could careless about those people in Texas! A little late on the helpful suggestion! It would be wiser to leave before it rises to high!
Sometimes things rise so high and quickly people can't escape
Another idiotic comment by upchuck schitmer
Grow up, Schumer. American people are so tired of your obstructions.
Agreed
Can't use a chainsaw over your head and not enough room to swing an axe
They don't like you there Chuck and we have news stations for this, tooting your own horn again
You want them to get on metal ladders during a storm?
Metal dont mean shit for a lightning threat
Its more of a threat to be on your roof then metal
Yea everyone has a door to their roof in their house great chuck
If flood will rise up to the attic how will you get out or rescued?  No one can see you.  You will will be trapped.
Which is why you shouldn't unless you have an axe. Even then, it's hard to break through. Best is the roof if absolutely needed.
From Friendswood
Good to know when our house floods on Lake Ontario. You going to rescue us?
What if we leave in apartments and unable to get on roofs?
Someone rt this in Spanish, Chinese, Vietnamese, and other languages
Seems like it would make sense for people to put on life jackets if they have them and have to go to their rooftops.
A lot would make sense
Warnings of flooding for days 
Like new orleans late or no evacuation order by city leaders once again
That's not true either.  Several evac orders.  Figure where issued only 60% complied.  People have free will & will pay for their choices.

Good sense!
this is your fault. Clinton would never have done that.
Good advise but when @JerryBrownGov spends all the money on illegal and THE dams break citizens waste high while illegals spend money
Oooo yes! I'm up for another invigorating round of "Bot or Stroke?"!
I'll take bot for $500! I'll be impressed if Harvey can affect California right now!
can you give me any info about deer park tx? is it flooded?
