This makes a lot of sense.
Can anyone out there tell me if this bill breaks HIPAA laws by allowing access and selling of people's medical information? I'd like to know
If this bill puts personal passwords on the table for exploitation, wouldn't this be helpful to Russian and other unfriendly hackers?
don't think you'll see Christian girls sold in Russia like they R doing in UK Middle of rush hour in front of everyone no one bats an eye
Not aware of this. Have you links to reports. If true, it should be addressed.
Nancy pelosi and democrats passing bill to make sharia law legal that is unconstitutional and when do canings begin n beheadings ?
Yea, I know...  I don't know where she got that info from...
Yea I see you didn't look up what I told you no response? Of course not it couldn't happen in downtown London right? Selling girls common

Why doesn't everyone ask him why Obama gave power to a political institution, instead of giving the power to citizens and localities?
Yes because acting like a whiney baby with Gorusch vote and not voting based on his ability is how you get the president to veto a bill
Chuckie should do standup with his backasswards approach to negotiating. And Democrats call Trump incompetent in spite of Chuckie leading
Them off a cliff
Gorsuch?
Chuckie, you're fanning political flames! All DJT is doing is returning us to the status quo ante Trump. Still plenty of privacy protections
Why should Trump do anything you ask? YOU are the bad guy, not our president. Show some cooperation and then he will. Right now, NO!
Do u really want to #FilibusterGorsuch?

#NuclearOption #Ginsburg
I mean she's "next up"

Maybe u should pause for thought

#ConfirmGorsuch
its only a matter of time.. #Ginsburg 
#NuclearOption do it! #ConfirmGorsuch 
@SenDonnelly @SenToddYoung @McConnellPress
We the People demand a status update on the Articles of Impeachment. We will not wait for more appts. and noms. He must go!
You mean the one you supported under the malignancy before Trump. People see through you
@SenFranken @SenSchumer @POTUS you want something to go the Supreme Court PRIVACY this is next serious issue do the right this Trump
Nuclear option.  You just destroyed ur party.  Good riddance.
No we want your information so we can see what high heels you buy!
Someone please explain to me how selling my browser history is not against the HIPAA Law?????
Doesn't this resolution enable easier hacking by enemies?
why what is in there that the American people need to know?
I urge the Dems not to listen to this Devil!
You need to be veto out of Office. Nys residents against Schummer and piglosi
@SenateDems give @SenateGOP taste of their own medicine.  Don't play nice
He won't
I will finally agree with you on something
I agree with the Senator on this one.
You've proven yourself to be self serving political hack not interested in protecting average American poor/middle class. We are on to you.
Hey Chuckie, if a bill doesnt have enough to pass you shouldnt change the rules, yet you and your team under Reid did! Junk rhetoric!
Now you want  the @POTUS to help you? Wasn't this all put into play by @BarackObama Baracand his Administration s actions
I wish that I lived in NY, I would not ever vote for you. You are a disgrace to this country by not supporting Our President.
Too bad you didn't do this to Obama for Facebook and Google
I hope that he changes his mind on that, but both you & I know that it's highly unlikely. He needs common sense. Smh.
http://www.nationalreview.com/article/446148/russian-farce-trump-collusion-hysteria-diverts-attention-surveillance-scandal … Here you go Chucky investigate this!
Democrats don't worry about privacy when they use it for political gain.
@SenSchumer Creepy old men like constantly negative Schumer are a gift to the Republican Party. After nuclear option you'll have zero power.
Urging the @potus to recognize you as the bottom feeding lying liberal that you are.
Whats the difference. You democrats already have all of our private info via unlawful surveillance.
How do you like having the 'shoe on the other foot?'..now YOUR own words are coming back..and biting you in your ASS!  YES..YOUR WORDS! Yay!
Chuckles The UpChucker....MINORITY ( you )  =  Neil Gorsuch  SCOTUS..
Nice Try...You Lose...Now go back under your ROCK!
Schumer, the senator of the little people, funded by the NY banks & financial industry. Somethime hypocrisy is so obvious, it's funny.
How can Uexpect Trump 2listen2 U onThis
When Uwon't vote Yea on Gorsuch
His allegiance is2 Constitution as it should B
NOT BusinessOr People
I sold SCHUMERS information lol. I bought ammo to protect my property from his illegal aliens he supports.
Hey Chuck, no one cares what you say anymore. Everyone knows your a Liar , criminal and hypocrite so please move on & turn your life around.
#dirtyrice
Made super easy by Clinton's deregulation of the telecommunications industry. But you keep pointing the finger because Russia or some shit
Maybe you shouldn't have been playing partisan BS Russia games instead of getting down to business since the January-Finally serious now?
Each State needs to produce a bill to protect those within their state. are you listening Gov. Brown
Please emphasize to #Trump that this would make not only our private info more "hackable," but hi$ as well.
Gorsuch WILL get the 51 votes he needs. Doesn't need 60.
What if Flynn met sessions on tarmac to discuss grand kids ? You'd be ok with that right? Cause bill n Loretta Lynch did it so only fair !
The hypocrisy and double standard is astounding !
Schumer your concerned about privacy bill but none of u concerned when u knew Trump being spied on by obama n Valerie Jarrett regime 
I bet if school vouchers for kids to be in a Quran class teaching how to kill infidels the 5 pillars that school would be applauded by left
Hate Betsy Deveos voucher program because how dare parents want to put their child in a Christian or catholic school ! Ain't that right ?!
These liar rats democRATS hate Christianity, Jewish religion but embrace Islam with their black souls , no one finds that scary ?
Lets pick a day, time, ask EVERYONE to not use phones, comps, tablets 4 just 30 min. Like The Day the Earth Stood Still. See what happens!
You get nothing
Read @SharylAttkisson true story how her computers, cell phone, and TV were all hacked.

We don't trust Schumer.
No worries Chucky Gorsuch will get the votes




Send Schumer.
This bill hasn't even been implemented yet. Did you miss it?
Back to real news.


Thank you!
This bill is of no concern unless tour a globalist or in their pocket.
Blah blah blah
Thanks for continuing to fight for consumers and #Broadbandprivacy
Looks like the judge will be voted in. Your party is sad. Trump another 8 years.
WHY WOULD POTUS LISTEN TO A SAD FAILING SWAMP CREATURE? YOU'VE BEEN HOISTED BY YOUR OWN RUSSIAN PETARD. PREPARE TO GET BTFO ON GORSUCH FRI!
REMEMBER  @AnnCoulter advice to Republicans - if Chuck Schumer is smiling, Vote NAY!
Yes he is evil. He even has the face of the Devil. Even his own don't like him Evil
If @realDonaldTrump vetos #Broadbandprivacy, @SenSchumer & I have agreed to release our browsing histories! @Newsday @Tedephillips
The senate's browsing history;
Trump pee pee tapes
Gorsuch 
How not to investigate
Trump Russia
Girl scout cookies
What is a Bribe
AT&T Is Spying on Americans for Profit, New Documents Reveal http://thebea.st/2dERTng  
Bill makes no diff; except helps defeat $oros
schumer=$orosian whore; $oros owns TONS of Time-Warner as in ATT merger. ATT already sells customer info; bill levels this out
Veto the bill
Not siding with liberals on any topic!
Schumer worried about pleasing $atan $oros who wants his grubby hands all over the ATT info; ATT ALREADY SELLS this info!
You have my interest. But your party will never have my vote again.
I am curious what are you doing to help me as sub middle class American? I urge all that read this tweet to ask schumer this question.Maga
Chuck, he is Deaf, Dumb and Blind !!!!! A waste of good air !!
Maybe if you said it in Spanish, he'd listen to you.
Can it be done state by state?
There's a chance the nursing homes will shut down their p.c.'s I've heard others might take that route also.Thank you for all you do.
Only if you cry!!!
Demanding should be more like it! I don't think this is an urging kind of issue! #privacymatters #privacy
chuck he doesn't listen to u. Only u listen to u. In 6 days it's gonna hurt, bend over & grease up for Gorsuch
GORSUCH will be confirmed..schumer child of satan.&Hillary..resulting evil crooked imbecile lying dummie...kiss the Clinton ring pathetic
FYI your info is already being sold by other entities, just not by the ISP... but hey let's make this about Trump, because you know...
You viciously attack Trump but expect him to work with you now? You Libs can't have it both ways
Thanks @SenSchumer for your continued stance against the chipping away of people's rights.
You let Obama surveille Americans....you are the picture of a hypocrite.
Might have to show @POTUS some support before you start asking for things.
.@SenateDems @SenateGOP @People4Bernie the GOP doesn't have the votes to overturn the sixty vote standard/stop gorsuch #dems stand up #dnc
This @POTUS dosent read whats put in front of him to sign he just likes attention Pretty sure he'd sign his own death warrant if televised
Oh how nice but yet he refused to publicize his TAXES. I VOTE NO
Why should @Potus do anything you ask, Traitor to US!
Whether Gorsuch gets 60 votes or not you will loose again! Must be tuff to be the one who keeps missing the basket, maybe become team player
Wonderful. I hope you succeed.
He won't wants his buddies to make money off his presidency too.
Always twisting, baiting & misleading the TRUTH !! BEWARE !! Chuckie is a WOLF in sheep's clothing !!
$5 to charity that the sign will say "1 days" at some point...
Is there an ounce of decency in you???
Meaning trump, not schumer!
Just lost yr off my life listening to @MarshaBlackburn (who took 550k in telecom $) on @CNN spew total nonsense!
MAYBE YOU SHOULD TELL TRUMP THAT ALL HIS INFORMATION WILL BE SOLD TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER? OPPS...HE WOULD BE THE HIGHEST BIDDER.
And because you're asking we will vote no on your request Senator!
Because libs hate privacy
@realDonaldTrump Every person who voted to pass this bill/Trump if he signs it/betrayed and sold all Americans privacy/SHAME #TheResistance
Like that's really going to happen. The guy is nuts!
You aire so ignorant. You think you better then the Judge. He is fanstatic. You cannot get anyone better then him.This judge is smarter dems
So shit on POTUS this entire time and then ask for something. Lets see how that works out for you
So, where's the opposition bill?
He'll never do anything you ask Senator. He is a petty small minded sack of garbage in an ill fitting suit.
He won't.  Besides being a jackass, he's doing it to rollback President Obama's directives, even if he knows how much damage this will cause
Snake Oil Schumer trying to make points, except he's ignorant of IT and the protocols
President; Trump, doesn't like to be wiretapped,but want's to allow  ISPs,  to sell your Information it collects on the net!! Hummmm?
yea that is Obamas job
If the RNC are like CATS in a tree,u guys must be the RATS in a HOLE. "BUSH'S HOLE" remember,well ! HUSSEIN THE MOUSE made that hole bigger
Elections have consequences I have heard that somewhere before.
.

YOU'RE THE HEAD OF A MINORITY PARTY THAT DOES NOT CONTROL ANYTHING!!!

YOU LOST THE W.H. THE HOUSE & THE SENATE 

WHO ARE YOU KIDDING ?
That's funny. You want something from him?  DB
He won't out of spite, so hopefully we can buy his weird browsing history
What in the world are they thinking?  What a bunch of idiots?  This definitely needs to be vetoed
Gop is going Nuclear
What about working to unfreeze federal hiring I need my job at OGC in NY HUD Office. I can't support myself & kids!
Sit DOWN CHUCKLES!!! Keep running your mouth. You're not in charge. People hated what the DEMS STOOD FOR AND VOTED THEM OUT!!!
You can blame obama
Not a snowballs chance in hell. trump is doubtless taking kickbacks from the major ISPs There is NO personal reason for him to veto it.
You can obama on this one
Bye Chuck
Let me see, we lived without this rule until 10/2016. How did we get along without it? Privacy on the internet a joke .
#MAGGOTS

MAKE AMERICA GREAT
GET OUT TRUMP SOON
VETO
Explain it to him in a pre-K vocabulary
You can blame obama
@chivocubano @POTUS @Newsday @Tedephillips You want something confirm Gorsuch one hand washes the other
Great tweet
You have done everything to undermine OUR President so why should he even given you the time of day Mean old Chuckie   LOL
Crazy Schumer who does nothing to earn his pay from NYS. IS ASKING TRUMP FOR SOMETHING. Why not quit. Get a person who wants to work 4 NYS.
Trump will do the absolute worst thing.
You can blame obama
No, no, no, Schumer. Sit back and be quit!
Make sure we get a filibuster on Gorsuch
Buhahahahah
Waste of time he will never bow down (to him) a democratic
READ THE BILL. ISP cannot sell personal info. Apps can. And do.
Again, it is illegal to sell personal info re:Telecom Act. This doesn't change that. Bulk data. Google and FB CAN and DO sell your info.
He won't though.
Thank you Senator Schumer for coming down on the right side of history on this issue.
Blame obama
Donald Trump needs to veto. This bill is a disaster. We cannot allow it.
Tell Trump that they'll be selling his browser history. It may be necessary to explain the term, but he won't like it being for sale.
You should explain it to Schumer. He, along with dems, voted to allow Google, Facebook & others to gather UR info, but not ISP's.
Someone please share how individuals can avoid this invasion! Which ISPs have pledged to NOT sell my information?
Great! Make him stand up as the populist he pretends to be.
Blame obama
He won't do it, Senator. Ya'll better put this monstrosity right around GOP necks in 2018. Easy issue.
You can blame OBAMA!!
Suggesting that Trump is a real president who can be reached with reason.
Where do @Google @Apple and others stand on this? If this bill is signed there will be massive defections from these popular platforms.
Google is an app. They can sell your personal data. ISP's cannot due to Telecom Act. This is about bulk data, not personal. Still...
no we want to see all the sinful sites Schumer is viewing
Supreme Court Justice, Neil M. Gorsuch! I like the sound of that, don't you Chuck?
Perhaps you should call him on the phone & request a meeting with him to discuss the details Instead of flag waiving on the news or twitter.
You just described Trump word for word.
Have you noticed who is the president and who is the wannabe? Show some respect and maybe it will b returned in kind.
Respect? Trump is on Twitter everyday knocking someone for something tell him to try what you're preaching.
Name one time he's been wrong about someone? He tells the truth and the truth hurts.
Lets start with all media is fake except the ones that praise him, Hillary sold uranium to Russia, Obama was born in Kenya. All lies.
