Hatch?  The idiot that came up with the bill to want a list of visitors at Mar-a-lago, for no other reason than to harass Trump, even...
If the Democrats try to filibuster then the nuclear option is exactly the path the GOP needs to take. Gorsuch is right man #GetOnBoardDems
No he is not!
Yes ma'am. Niel Gorsuch is the right man for the job and he WILL be confirmed.
u r kidding. Obama never sought input from anyone on anything
you must live in an alternative. Obamas line to the "Republicans we won you lost". Well this time you lostso deal with it
and I bet you think you are smarter then all of them. You are a disappointment to the people of New York!!
I think any partisanship work failed after McConnell publicly promised to block EVERYTHING the new Prez. Obama tried to do.
What did he block?  Obama got Judges appointed debt ceiling out of sight he even got to block travel
Bipartisanship only matters if you are a Democratic president.
Chuck shummer we all know u prefer little boys not old men. WIKILEAKS please hurry ! Release Chuck's pedophile file ASAP
And the GOP took the advice of Biden.
#rabiddogs retire
You can thank Harry Reid for the pickle you're in. I know I am! Next time try playing by the rules rather than making them up. #nuclear
no wonder we are knee deep in shit. Blah blah blah
Since Republicans are the party of reason and Constitutionality, why wouldn't everyone consult them.
McConnell is going 2do whatever it takes 4 a conservative SCOTUS! Gorsuch IS NOT the right nominee! Sides w comps way 2 much!
you need to b impeached and thrown out of office. U don't work for this country, only yourselves. Stop this childish behavior.
Where were you when the GOP hijacked the Merrick Garland nomination??
Oh so you are a hypocrite in addition to being retarded? Biden rule?? Joke...stop listening to right wing radio
Ur a perfect example of y u can't talk to "Stupid".
Keep living in your cult like denial. And apologize to your grand kids when they are older and ask WTF did u do?
FALSE
What was the Biden rule regarding appointing a justice?
Trump ALSO sought advice on judiciary picks. Remember, during the campaign? And it was from that advice that he named possible candidates.
Critical time in our nation's history. Breaking rank must have consequences.
#Heitkamp #Manchin
Whoopdee 
You said no president should nominate a SCOTUS during election. Remember that Chuckles? You ate a jackass.
Well, both were worst presidents in history
And look the the "Legislators" we have on the bench because of those discussions! Orrin Hatch can be wrong as well.
new Sheriff in town Chuck. He doesn't need your advice. Makes you pretty butthurt I can see. It's time for a good cry 
That's because Hatch has a brain.
DUH, U want a carbon copy from your rule book. When u don't get it u throw a tantrum. Where's the meat why Gorsuch is not right?
Ahhh the good ol days of Presidents with level headed thinking.
orange is the new black. Deal with it Chuckles. Dems screwed things so bad it will take years to fix. #debt
hahahahahaha
Obama skirted gop and constitution for 8 years. Govt by EO, judicial fiat, and authoritarian heavy-handedness
Hey Nutcase. Your not in control of a damn think. Your completely irrelevant. #thanksHarry
It's time for the Democrats to Unite and take back control. I don't want to live in Trumpland anymore! #unite #midterm #2018
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/03/29/flashback-in-2013-chuck-schumer-argued-against-obstruction-of-nominees-no-matter-whos-in-power/ …
SO?
Clinton's should be in jail
well THAT was b4 'Destroying Americas Democracy' made @OrrinHatch BucketList  AND he brought #TrumpCircus to town. .@utahshame
things change you fool deal with it
@POTUS Drain the swamp!!! You and Hatch need to go away!
Maybe you should go get some advice too Chuckles the Clown. Time for you to retire! 
Not telling the truth. If Obama did not like it, he would issue an Executive Order.
he did not.  Remember he didn't need congress he had a pen and a phone
@ABC @CBSNews @NBCNews @CNN Trump also asked Hatch's advice! You and 99 Senators voted for him once quit playing politics.
@potus Welcome Justice Gorsuch.Look forward to watching you for 50 years restore law and the Constitution...Chuck stop wasting $

they actually knew how to make deals...not sure what this new dude is doing...
@potus @seanhannity  lucky for you no need 4 advice. You can just remember what you said. Relax and watch 51 Senators work #USA
Congress needs to stop partisan politics and do what's right for everyone.
They sought out Sen Hatch's advise because there isn't a Dem w his level of experience.
we know that Chuck but did Obama?
End of his tweet says Obama did as well.
You cannot block him,  stop wasting time. Shoes on the other foot now, sucks, don't it?
You lost, get over it.
How much did @HillaryClinton pay you for 
"Operation Mockingbird" ? 
http://990s.foundationcenter.org/990_pdf_archive/311/311580204/311580204_201312_990.pdf?_ga=1.5545712.291683474.1434655854 …
Senator, WHY are we allowing someone under FBI investigation to nominate a SCOTUS? This must be stopped until trump is cleared.
the President isn't under investigation! The Russians r!
you're kidding, right?
nope..u need to get your facts straight. What is he under investigation for?

#TrumpRussiadossier 
#Trumprussia 
#TrumpRussiaCollusion 
#TrumpTheTraitor 
the FBI has confirmed they are investigating trump and his trans team for possible cooperation with THE RUSSIANS.
not according to national review or USA today...I just Googled it
If you watched Comey during the Intelligence committee, you'd have heard him confirm he's under investigation.
you guys are and have been playing two different games. Wake up Estb Dems.
well Chuck, you can't expect that from this incompetent nincompoop cry baby in the White House.
to show how many people care about what u have to say jim crammer of nbc has 2 times the followers than u
Sadly, Trump would never do the same. He’s too proud to ask for advice or help, unless it’s Steve Bannon or Ivanka who has his ear.
Remember when he said he was "too smart" for the briefings? 
Exactly, that is a very dangerous assumption. Hopefully, this Intel Hearing will slowly weed him out. 
Sir.  Think carefully about the "nuclear option".  I don't want our system to completely shut down.  #hyperpartisanship
