Are you making money for us?
@JulieSczesny We are under attack from within. SOS!
Excellent! Keep the grubby hands of govt away from retirement. Thanks @POTUS
Chuck just wants to gives your job to illigal aliens or o foreign lands.dem party/corporate elites, stripped the employee of benefits
Why should the state and federal gov be responsable and not corporate America. Oh, that's right corporate America gets democrats elected
That's a lie it called an IRA
Anyone can open a "IRA", "Roth IRA" or "Money Market" account to save for retirement Schmucky...  Or do you just want to give out free $$??
so, their are 55M workers who remember to pay their Cable/Internet bill ea. month, but cant remember to fund their own 401K?
IDEA: Let's pass a law to force all US workers to pay payroll taxes into a  Federal retirement account. We'll call it #SocialSecurity #tcot
And you get it or your spouse without fail. Why FDR thought about PEOPLE & what would be good for them. Imagine that.
PROVE that it's failing. Don't give me talking points. Hard facts numbers. Cause per GOP it's been failing for 50 years.
: poor Chuck. What a mess you are
Yes because there aren't ways to invest except through your employer . At least if your uneducated, naïve and buy the crap Schumer is
Shoveling. Learned about investing  from my parents when I was a teenager. Don't have to be rich or have an employer investing plan to save
For your retirement. Just have to be willing to put in the time researching what works best for you
Where are the retraining jobs programs to help people earn enough to be able to save for retirement? Been needed since 2008; still are.
But you fuckers give out OUR social security to non residents.. Or cut the payout to those that paid for it.. #senschumerstepdown
Hey Chuckie they don't need The Government to put money aside every paycheck 
Most people learn that from their parents as kids
I want to end you & the whole freak'n congress money grabbing pension you all receive form the american working people How about It chuckie?
Hey Chucky, why not get BACK to NYS and start creating some jobs instead of wasting MY TAX DOLLARS
There are other ways to save than your employer Senator. But being a Washington DC fatcat, you've never has to worry about it.
Tweeting or talking, we always know youre lying schmucky!!!!!
What do you know about american workers???...NOTHING!!!!!
if you had any PRIDE Chucky you would step down
We lost everything in 2009, including decades of retirement savings. We'll never recover no matter how hard we work. "Retirement" is a joke.
True under Dems watch too!
Ann I agree!  Stay strong. :)
this is plain wrong, everyone must be able to save for retirement
I thought the (please stop calling them grand, they're not) republicans were all about less federal interference with state laws? Hmm?
Lol GOP wants to help. WOW
That's because so many jobs were lost during Obamas administration.  If your not working your not saving.
lots of companies don't have 401k plans or they don't match etc. get your head out of the sand. We need jobs like yours!!!
JEWISH ChuckSCHUMER BETRAYED ISRAEL UN SECURITY COUNSEL, IRAN DEAL TO EXTERMINATE ISRAEL & MONEY TO HAMAS! OK?
CF MANAGING PARTNER, F&F CPAs
Because senators like you don't do anything you can blame yourself and the rest of your cronies 106 days of nothing self explanatory gotrump
Huh, thought these idiots were all about "states rights".
that's not the government's problem,you screwed enough up already with Obamacare bill you never read
Screw everyone except the billionaires that's what we have come to
You are a very very boring man omg get a life
Old white liberals like you need to go away. #Trumpnation

Hmm... so Rep plan = states SHOULD be able to deny Healthcare to people with pre-existing conditions, but NOT help them save for retirement?
It's called a 401, and it takes personal responsibility. Even a liberal can learn it.
So what exactly did Dems  do for the 55M  US workers in the last 8 years Chuckles?
UNSPOKEN HEALTHCARE HORROR - LOSING EVERYTHING TO LOVED ONE, SPOUSE OR PARENT IN NURSING HOME... OWNED BY HOSPITALS.
Who Pays for State initiative Chuck? Elaborate More!
Why can't I just get the govt out of my retirement completely and manage myself?
They are flip floppers just like little donald
What is the number of this bill?
So what? Get the government out of our business.
GOP didn't mention this. His supporters will all have to learn the hard way what they are doing to their own children! Do your homework!!!!!
Under Obama he allowed a loophole that allows the plans to bypass a consumer protection law.
Many ways to save. #PersonalResponsibility something we lost after years of dems "government will take over"
Put out facts instead of jawboning
all dems need to give their taxpayer retirement to those 55 million!
What have you and your liberals done to help us? Of course, raise our taxes. Retire Chuck & take career politicians with you.
YES they do Chuck
It's just one shit storm after another with this illegitimate administration.
State your facts . It is fully legitimate . Electoral College saw to that. Don't be a traitor, Snowflake
What are we the people suppose to do?
Once again why should you or an employer be responsible for anybody saving money? Sort of verging on socialism. Get the gov out of my $!
You're unbelievable Chuck! You know full well that 80 years ago Social Security was created for this reason!Seniors without savings/pensions
they want to steal all the pension money
Stop stealing form Social Security and pay what you owe and retirement will be solved!
What Chuck are all of us who have saved for retirement now have to take care of everyone who didn't? You people amaze me
Pass a bill so all Americans get the same deal u do - salary for life!   Don’t start crying now, but action talks and bullshit walks.
Fake news
What? Another fleecing of America?
It's called an IRA
You need to make correct choices Chucky! I make less money to work for someone that offers retirement plan.
NYers don't have to worry about retirement! With the cost of living and taxes, we will have to work until we die!
Are you people that dumb that you believe this crap? Schumer has been in office since the late 1990s. He hasn't done anything about this?
Why not stick to your own business, like balancing our national checkbook, without that your bankrupt
Lower taxes
Yip lower taxes and jobs what a novelty ppl working instead of getting handouts
What happened to SS! That's right the government controls it! Stop acting like big brother! Stay away from us
Well they are voting to end that. Seems they have a good chance.
Liar. Read the bill if you can read
Re-read 10th amendment and retweet.
Greedy Old Party.
U should give them some of ur money, OBAMA , Pelosi ,waters n all the righteous Hollywood elites otherwise shut up cause u all r hypocrites
Screw you. You are the same as all Dems. You had years to do something about things and did nothing. No money in it for you.
well when Obama kicked in employees turned   full time jobs into part time jobs.
And Trump just took away over time pay, employee protections & ended reporting of job injuries. Pay attention get woke, ur getting screwed
The POTUS did no such. The federal government does not control states laws on overtime pay. Where are you getting this fake information from
Don't let the senate take this away.  How long can America take trump?  He has done every thing to end Democracy, he wants to start WWIII!
We don't have any money left for retirement after taxes and insurance.   Nothing to save, thanks for that!!
Let's use our tax dollars to #SaveRetirement instead of funding @realDonaldTrump's golf trips to Mar-A-Lago!
Whoa! You want to use my money to pay for someone else's retirement? Get a damn IRA
Vapid lunkhead @chuckschumer considers ordinary people too stupid to plan for retirement without diktat from faceless government overlords.
Do you ever stop complaining??
If you don't have to save for retirement I guess you don't care...
Is this part of that strong belief in states rights thing that the @GOP and @realDonaldTrump talk about all the time? No, wait ...
How right you are as long as Obamacare remains we won't be able to save we have decide on food or pay out of pocket expenses
The Golden  Age of bottle collecting and garbage picking. They want no retirement. Work till I die
Cuomo changed rule to 63? Why didn't you complain? Also wants to take pensions! Again, no complaints
That's entirely false Chuck. #FakeNews
Social security services set rates appropriate ly. Money taken out of checks. Goes to savings. Taken what was never owed for frauds. Devon©
Shocking!!!  Who would've thought? Arrogance! Keep depriving Americans! It's the new American government way! 
You mean over the past 10 years employers gave their workers a retirement plan? Now it's gone?
Trump & his administration isn't government. They are their to make money for themselves. Get woke cause they ate screwing U without lube.
They want us all to work 'til we drop. Many teachers say they'll die at their desks.
Omg.. so sick of the "evil republican" propaganda. Yeah, yeah.. all republicans  wanting to screw elderly, are racist, xenophobe, greedy.Ugh
I'm curious. What does the @GOP expect to do with all these people who have no retirement? Soylent?
What has happened the last 10 years? Didn't anyone care then?
I trust my state over a finance company.
Chuckie last thing we want is the Government Saving our own money  
Fix the Federal Reserve so we can get interest on our Savings
They can contribute to an IRA
Hahaha! NOT when they're living paycheck to paycheck just to pay the bills!
So you want the states to give them free retirement money?
