And their prescription plan sucks, it does not cover all medicine!
SUPPORT AMAC! @MatureAmericans is in my opinion a better alternative than Socialist group AARP!
If you want to help seniors, bring down what is charged for healthcare, not give them money to pay excessive costs...of course many...
AARP advocates are not qualified to speak. Quit waisting Twitter space. AARP is a liberal agenda pushing org
AARP is looking out for themselves, just like Congress. You really want credibility? Take same healthcare as us! #RepealObamacare
And the AAA or arshole American atheists stated you have reached lifelong membership status
AARP is not on the side of older Americans. It does what it does to increase it's wealth.
Maybe you should have to go on Obama care then Chuck you can actually see how bad it is
It's not Healthcare It's #DEATHCARE
#DEATHCARE is the most accurate description out there of this heinous, shoddily crafted "plan"...
aarp is not. Their premiums are off the charts
Yes, seniors have ALWAYS had to pay more for more services...should not be singled out just so you can dole out more money.
Hmm, ACA= 116% increase. Not very affordable is it. Built on lies, shoved down our throats. #liars #hypocrites
NO @AARP is NOT looking out for seniors!
Why we dropped our AARP membership.
...politicians will have to give up a lot of kickbacks and other perks they get for allowing such costs to get and stay so high.
Can we trust u and AARP to tell us the truth? Which lobbyists influence ur campaign?

7-pt Thread re GOP senators' positions on #BCRA as of 7/13/17.  Source: http://ow.ly/9d0m30dFEYr   Their Twitter adds 4 you 2 tweet!
Yet these morons promoted the worst legislation the country has ever seen in Obamacare.
AARP is looking out for AARP so they can sell medigap insurance. AARP sold seniors out.
AARP supported Obamacare. They were wrong then. Why would anyone trust what they have to say now?
AARP made a deal w/Obama & greatly profited from Obamacare.  Give the whole picture,  not just a piece.
HMMMM. AARP THAT ENDORSED OBAMACARE AS A GREAT SYSTEM.  These AH opinions are worthless they are hypocrites, liars.  AKA democraps
AARP sucks money from the freeloaders! TELL THE TRUTH!
Get some balls & get in there to help GOP with healthcare u r absolutely nuts & a partisan hack it's your duty to get it done u hypocrite
Schumer is a freaking Jack ass
Thank you for you relentless resistance! You are courageous and honorable. You give us reason to believe in Democracy at its best.
There is the guy you are thanking
Oh Johnny Boy, are you one of those unactualized low class Trumpets. Take a class, get an education, loose some weight and stop blaming.
#AARPSucks #ObamacareSucks #ChuckSchumerSucks #ChuckSchumerIsACrybaby #HighDeductibles #premiumIncrease #NoExemptionsForSenateAndCongress
Yes Chuckles. "The results are the same" as terrible Obamacare.......  get government out of our lives.  Stop experimenting with my future!!
when are democrats actually gonna start working on producing bills rather than rejecting them?
you can call what you do as "politics", but American Christians call it lying/ deception! A price to pay!!!
How much money does AARP make from Obama Care?
so your counter legislation is pending where exactly??? No? Lost your pen?

Do you mean the liberal AARP
AARP is a leftist group that is milking seniors.  They supported ACA as seniors lost their insurance, medication and cut backs on Medicare.
Must Repeal Obamacare. Expand Medicaid to help poor sickly. Lower Medicare age to 62. Remove SS income tax ceiling of 106k tax all income
They are in the pocket of the DNC
Another lie aarp doesn't give a hoot about us They lobby u & fill ur pockets with money They as bad as u & the whole dog dem pack of thieves
Seniors should be on Medicare not on Medicaid
AARP looks out for itself.
thank god for aarp hospitals too are not for this bill keep pressing the gop and no give backs
Wrong - AARP looks out for the Democratic party. They take $$ from old folks, throw them a few coupons, then give $$ to Dems. #corrupt
Yes
Oh Chuckie..ALL you do is LIE..LIE..LIE. And YOU LIE about anything & EVERYTHING! It will be YOUR DEMS that get wiped out in 2018! You wait!
BS they supported ACA so they could make money on supplemental plans sold to the elderly making money off the aged.
How much to you get from under the table? Have joined the Millionaire Senate Club. What is your net worth as a political leader?
More spin by Dems and Reps.  Can you look up for the people instead of for yourselves for once?
AARP sold seniors down the drain with Obamacare. Millions of $$ taken from Medicare to subsidize OCare. Why should seniors believe AARP now?
AARP nothing but liberal socialist paid for by liberal socialist dems to get socialist programs through.
AARP is a left wing socialist org.  Look up what they promote.  This Christian cancelled when I found out.
aarp sucks
Thank you AARP. Now what happens if you're ny lucky enough to be 65?
Let's not do anything. And watch the failure called Obamacare explode. That's your idea?  Or throw good money after bad with failing system?
AARP will pretty much do whatever United Healthcare says=their income, to include perceptual dog & pony shoes as needed
Schumer only looks out 4 his personal vendetta of hatred U don't give a shit about the country just ur personal hatred Ur a very bad man
Chuck, the #AARP sold there soul a long time ago.  They are just another #PhonyAdvocateGroup that will say anything you pay them to say.
Lawsuit over AARP's promotion of UnitedHealth insurance revived https://goo.gl/V5oQL8  (no license but gets royalties)
In addition to insurance AARP is making money w/RX discount card by Optum and selling United Healhcare owned hearing aids
Higher than ACA? What's your solution? List it here!
The only one AARP is looking out for! Is the AARP!! Tell us how many $$ it cost tax payers so AARP would sell Obamacare to seniors??
How would you no Chuck ? You would have to read it and according to you it's obstruct and resist so I doubt you even read it
Ahem..how about the AARP deal w/United Healthcare 80% of their revenue! https://goo.gl/2QaLjJ  Medigap skirts some ACA rules
THIS IS ALL FAKE NEWS
Do U trust these liars not 2 poison the population 2 relieve HC expense?  I don't.  Gave monopoly to drug co. over Medicare, donut hole born
AARP is a political shill for the Democratic Party
Single payer system puts cost on Gov.  They can get out  of that expense, by an unfortunate contamination.  A bad batch of serum, w/cull pop
That is a terrible LIE!!!!!!!!
More Bull Shit from the Left. I voted HRC. I'm out. U have no idea how to keep voters or get folks to the Polls. Good Job Senator.
I should add Obama Care destroyed my small business and years of retirement planning. Please HELP us too. I am AARP.
Dems will try to force us into single payer. UK is single payer, 2400 hemophiliacs died from tainted blood.  How does this happen 2 so many?
Dems won't punish drug industry because they are on their payroll,  especially Schumer.  Vote these crooks out in 2018, unite us.

Drug companies were aware of opioid epidemic. Sold enough dope, to medicate "every" American for 3 wks, 24 hours a day?  They knew it!
AARP looks out for itself!
Go after drug industry.  They knew from sales, that America had an addiction problem.  Punish them, ten times the 45B damages to HC.
Isn't that the way it is now and getting worse? Work to replace it. Neither is any good Chucky
AARP is a concealed arm of the socialist party, which has now been forced into the open by the threat to socialist medicine. Like the media
Got to be better than Obamacurse healthcare unemployed and rich get gold plan everybody else a penalty tax
Done be fooled AARP are a lobbying group with $$$ ties to @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand @DNC #carreerpolitician
Chuck, your endorsement alone is enough to make scores run from aarp
DOJ announces charges against 400 people for $1.3 billion in health ...
https://www.washingtonpost.com/.../doj-announces-charges-against-400-people-for-1-3- …...
Schumer obstructs till he promotes mob universal unsanitary hobo helping white cracker low lives packed house long lines death sentence care
socialist liberals all ! Would Chuckie endorse if they were not ?
Actually, AARP looks out for insurance companies an business interests, not its members. People only join for discounts not their positions.
This bill is shameful.
You do a lot of tweets on Shabbos
AARP hasn't looked out for Seniors in years..

WE WANT YOUR PLAN CHUCK!!
STOP LYING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!!

WORK TOGETHER AND HELP US!!

STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION MR.SCHUMER!!
IRA & 401k seem to be doing well in the last several months. Focus on keeping that going.
These 2 AARP'ers don't agree. Get gov out of healthcare business.
So then.. Unlimited premium increases.. Don't cover people with pre existing conditions right?
Don't think it's gone through all the steps, but maybe dems will get invoved to fix this crap they thrust upon us ALL. EVERYONE.
The GOP is morally bankrupt!!
Liberal that supports abortions calls the GOP "morally bankrupt". If it weren't so sad, it'd be hilarious.
The comparison between allowing a woman to decide what to do with her body and stripping basic Healthcare for Millions illustrates my point.
So it's wholesome and moral to take a baby apart piece by piece, but wrong to expect abled-bodied people to help pay for their healthcare
You mean elderly who will have to give up their residential careYoung people dying from pre-existing conditions You ARE the morally bankrupt
Once again since you're so dense, I mean ABLED-BODIED citizens that think they're entitled to my tax $$, apparently YOU'RE one of them. 
HOW MANY PEOPLE WHO NEED HEALTHCARE ARE ABLE-BODIED?? Do you have family , friends who need care? Are they deadbeats too taking your tax $$?
The AARP was bribed by your party to support ACA, they are in Insurance co, not a retiree advocacy org. #FactsMatter
Then who cares if that's the case?
Soooo....S1462 and 1354? Gonna talk about those for the love of god?
AARP sold out seniors
Just like the @AARP looked after seniors when they endorsed $500 billion going from Medicare to Obamacare. They have no credibility @FoxNews
Joined last week
I am thinking about it. Do they have different plans ?
The GOP and our So-called President intend on killing every non White-male in this country.
LOL STOP drinking the koolaide!!
How your Gonna Pay MORE 4 LESS COVERAGE PREEXISTING CONDITIONS IF U HVE ANY U WILL B FCKED GOP R EXEMPTING THEMSELVES ASK YOURSELF WHY
and you have the answers????
Yup, Trump and the GOP are taking everything from us including our lives
Buy your own heathcare like the rest of US working shmos. Or get a government job.
