Time for GOP to work w/ Democrats to pass real solutions to lower premiums, stabilize the market & improve coverage for mils of Americans.
Talk is cheap.  Dems have not contributed a damn thing,  They simply resist Pres Trump until Obamacare is resurrected.  Not what I voted for
The middle class cannot afford to pay for all the goodies in Obamacare.....where are your suggestions w/o freebies?
Get the hell out of the way and they will get it done. You and I both know their success is subjective!
Satisfactory
It's the Dems fault
How is it you continue to lie in the face of successes the media refuses to publish?
only 14 million r under Obama care where did the rest come from
You would be the expect on promising health rebates to families and giving them skyrocketing premiums instead, Chuck
So you say. But you socialists aren't known for telling the truth or transparencies. Remember Benghazi or is it emails?
Anything like you can keep your doctor or $2500 a year less for a family????
The same CBO that supported the lie our premiums and deductible would go down under ACA.  Oh and the lie of the year we can keep our doctor
8 million of those Americans refused 2 buy AHCA. Preferred 2 pay Gov 2 not participate!  Then Dems include 15M Dreamers & 31M illegals? 54M?
you wont say most of that # will be people who opt out.govt has no business mandating we purchase something..then impose a fine if we dont.
BS. 2026. REALLY.  What abt 2018?  Lies Lies What happened to Capitalism?  History has proved socialism/communism doesn't work! Repeal
the cbo is pure fodder and you know it...
And a lie here. That's by 2029 and counts people that dropped it and dead people falling off.  Ignorant.

Get DEMS together, a bunch of experts - start process of fixing insurance coverage.  AFFORDABLE CARE INSURANCE. Do it publicly. Live stream.
GOP should let OBcare FAIL and hang that POS around the DEMS> necks where it belongs !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Did it ever occur to you that the 32 million people you refer to just DON"T WANT TO BUY HEALTH INSURANCE??
N your no help at all u schumer @mfay1957
Those who sells nations through harlotries and sells families through sorceries will all erode and Dust Storms are just the beginning...
Upchuck, stop bitching and give me some solutions. That's for the Democratic Party is a little short, no bullets in the gun
Right. Obama care needs to be completely repealed. There is no fixing that garbage!!!!
Anti-Dems forget insurers control prices. That is why they went up under Obamacare. GOP is pushing to enact law that guarantees increase.
It's the other way around. GOP refuses to work with Dems, just like @SenSchumer said.
Tha CBO has no idea They're report on ur beloved obama care was 100% wrong So what makes this report any different
So your telling us that the GOP Trumpcare plan will leave 24 Million uncovered, whereas no plan at all only increases it to 32 Million.
Karma is a bitch and one day you will meet her. Ask your pal Rino McCain.
This is your wrong doing . You shoved this down the working class throat.
You have to use "YOU" in your tweets. Trumpers only care what costs them. "..each proposal Repubs offer would hurt you." #HireAMarketer!
People can decide not to buy. I DON'T CARE about the CBO. I care that YOU don't have control over me!
So be happy our healthcare system is in trouble so let's just talk about Russia and ignore healthcare
8 years to fix this crap and you have not fixed anything Chuck.
Well let's see Chuckie, higher premiums or no coverage at all. Obamacare exchanges are empty.
If you didn't live in a world that us Taxpayers paid your way. You would now we in the real world have paid more and more for nothing
We American citizens are tired of the nonsense. My girlfriend had health coverage until Obamacare, all BS.
They can always get jobs
Stay on them! They would do ANYTHING for a win now..even screw Americans on health.
@SenSchumer YOU ARE A LIAR AND A HYPOCRITE.  PARTISAN PUTTING SELF AND PARTY BRFORE COUNTRY.
You & Pelosi dumped the lie of ACA on us promising the very same protections.Difference is GOP is trying to fix, unlike you. Obsequious Putz
What is your solution Mr. Do nothing Critic. We are growing weary of you obvious unwillingness to work on our issues. Come up with a plan.
SO obvi that the ppl who want to repeal ACA don't have a pre-existing health problm & could care less about those who do. Give em hell!
What about when Obama said we could keep our doctors and our premiums would not rise. What about those lies? Get off your high horse Chuck.
Obama care promised to lower premiums, did it deliver?
Trump(we don't)Care
why do LIARS KEEP GETTING re-ELECTED?
It's the same 32 Million who currently are uninsured. Ugh Chuck you suck major balls
U liar! Obama & u promised lower premiums! It was not a "proposal"! Look what's happened: higher $, lost docs, costs out of control! THANKS!
Can anyone explain to me the obsession over lowering premiums yet total out of pocket costs seem to skyrocket under the Cruz proposal
Can we review how many people didn't get mortgages after Dodd-Frank?  Insurance is a financial product - not a medical product.
And why would they be uninsured?
Sounds like what Obama promised. And we all know how that turned out.
really? Obamacare was suppose to do the same. What makes you so sure now?
THE US GOVT SHOULD NOT BE IN THE BUSINESS OF PROVIDING HEALTH INSURANCE ITS NOT CARE  BIG MISTAKE hate obama care
while you Gloat Senator people cannot afford the deductibles under Obama Care; great having insurance you cannot use; way to go Chuck
and for the millionth time what is your health care plan? is it Obama care??
and what plan do you have to improve ACA, its easy to complain about what the other side is doing while your doing nothing

no we're in the constitution  does govt run health care, you the dems passed this for votes, and now have screwed up the whole system
Sounds like you're describing Obamacare! Huh Chuckie?
So you use O'care? My bet is no! Until you speak from 1st hand experience using O'care I choose to not believe anything you say about h care
Keep #Obamacare #Obamaca enforce it fully LET IT  FAIL!
Like all the shallow promises pelosi made at the arrival of the now infamous OCare
My goodness, it looks like ACA health care.
And yet the Republicans get on TV today and say that is because 32 million Americans would choose not to carry insurance They keep lying!!
Just as stupid as @amyschumer
chucky, the cbo has yet to get a single estimate close to right.
Why they must sound exactly like @TheDemocrats did when ObamaCare was passed... lower cost, keep your Dr.
Congress is slap full of liars!
Senator - Thank you for fighting for the ones that have no voice.
Just like Dems effort on this matter. ADMIT IT; WELFARE HEALTHCARE IS NOT US.
Instead of being an obstructionist try helping fix the problem. #DoYourJob
wrong place
you are a nice guy
can't do a real job of opposition as a nice guy
resign
Senator - Why did you vote to exclude Congress from ACA and have your own Cadillac plan ? Hypocrisy !
Politicians are like STD's easy to get but damn hard to get rid of without effort. Between you and the RINO's this nation is hurting.
Oh well you shafted us with the ACA with I think knowledge that it could not support itself. Any more gifts your going to spread upon us
CHUCK SCHUMER IS AN OLD QUACK RESISTER OBAMA BUTT SNIFFER.
I had better cheaper medical before affordable care act
Premiums yeah went sky high!!
Sounds like Obama care.. sure I kepta doc not mine
With 15% of medicaid patients on opioids, and billions being spent to 'treat' ( provide fixes for ) addicts ...  that's not in your formula.
Only if you use the methodology of ACA. If Chuck wants the American people to believe something he should get somebody else to say it.
It doesn't work chuck stop your senile rants. Ur ruining your legacy.
U should be proud of OCARE. U own it
Isn't that the same CBO that said Obamacare was cost effective? Hmmm... Why don't you get involved and work to make it better?
No.
This is going to occur when Ocare implodes. 38% of insurers are dropping out 2018. So that is over 50% drop out rate so far.
Get Real Schumer! You Work For Taxpayers! Remember? Oh Russia?
as of NOW UNDER YOUR ACA MILLIONS PAY FOR INSURANCE THAT CANT AFFORD, THEN TAX PENALTY, BECAUSE THEY DONT HAVE INS
I suspect they think a dead horse will get up if they kick it 10 more times
They just want to get past the next election, and then Americans can just drop dead. No big deal to them.
I just found out about a 574 Million Health Care outreach fund they have been using to sabotage the ACA .... I think that's illegal
Very illegal. What a disgusting thing to do.
They work too hard at figuring out how to, without empathy, screw the little guy. Gutting Medicaid, for 73M citizens is unconscionable
Just like Obamacare.  Let's talk about your support for Obamacare in a year.  Ok?
You screwed all of us with your Obamacare now here's your opportunity to make things right. Put away partisan affiliation and work towardsHC
Everybody knows how accurate the CBO is.
I didn't know the CBO and Congress could predict the future?
As long repealing O'care is on the table you won't work with GOP. EVERYTHING @POTUS claims you guys are..well, you are. #liberalidiot

Sounds like the promise of Obamacare
I am victim of loosing everything i owned at NYC & paid taxes what is security & justice u r providing to recover the damages i suffered.
Pay attention, sounds like they are going to keep trying. & they are going to gut ACA and medicaid in the budget. #focus
Lies
30 million lost health coverage because of you and obummer. Reality 32 would not be forced by you to buy HEALTH INSURANCE. U R dumb #maga
How many millions will lose coverage under Obama care?
Just like Obamacare.
Even better give us all the same healthcare that we pay for you to have.
Just give everyone the same health care sen. McCain is going to use.
The CBO did such a great job estimating Obamacare. It is budget neutral, you can keep your policy and dr. They are true visionaries. #BS
And o care is the plan u dems passed with all the prices skyrocketed!!! U r such a low life!!
And now they go after Medicare.
Why don't you come up with something? Because you don't know how
http://www.jewsnews.co.il/2017/04/20/pissed-off-yet-syrian-man-with-four-wives-and-22-kids-gets-360000-a-year-in-welfare.html …
"Do what I say; not what I do"... GOP empty-promise expressions are deployed to keep base lulled, intact, & politically amnesic.
Hey chuck: you think Obamacare is so great, why not use it yourself.
So sick of your calm BS. GOP would be calling it out- stealing healthcare from Americans so GOP can do tax bill to steal more
Elim Medicaid $800 Billion and either cut the deficit (highly unlikely) invest in infrastructure (unlikely) offset tax breaks to the 1%. Yep
I'm still waiting on the promises you and obama made on the aca lowering my cost. How about admitting you lied also?
DON'T TALK SCHUMER IF YOU CAN'T PROMISE TO DELIVER AN AFFORDABLE HEALTHCARE PLAN TO AMERICANS. MY ANSWER IS TERM LIMITS 
@Lee_in_Iowa @POTUS Business successfully took away everything, we've gone back 100yrs. #fakedemocracy
PREMIUMS WOULD SKY ROCKET.
Possibly you and your fellow Dems could rush to the aid of the Republicans and get a better healthcare plan for all Americans. ASAP
They want the big tax breaks for the stinking rich while killing off the middle class. Once we are all dead who are they going to feed off?
You need to have a aca improvement plan & plop it on Trump's desk. He'll go for it to look good.  "Look, I got the dems to work with me! "
Come like you promised right in Obamacare you had your chance to make it good and you didn't so why would we want you to do it again
"If you like your plan you can keep your plan. If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor." "...premiums will drop by $2500" B. OBama
You and the rest of the Nazi Fascist Democrats have the art of lying down to t y'all must be so pride of you're low life sefs
And your plan completely failed
Sit there like a know-it-all on top of a steaming pile of Obamacare
What a joke #TermLimits #TermLimit #MAGA
It is hard to unscrew your screwup ObamaCare
Americans are HURTING....
The only viable route to more covered and less cost is to change to single-payer Medicare for all.
Yes American the welfare nation sounds nice, huh
Stop your lying.  It will because of obama care and ppl can't afford IT
The #ACA was perpetrated on the American people by the Democrats ONLY. Democrats own this horrible law.
@jennybethm
@LouDobbs
@SenateGOP
So what has ACA done to lower premiums and increase coverage?
Who do you think selling that load of crap to Chuckles??????
Mitch Mconnel needs to stop drinking all that free bourbon.
Well instead we now have your Obamacare. And to hear you whine now about having it, after hearing you whine about not having it.. speechless
Repeal the entire Bill.
Unacceptable!
This is the law your party jammed down the throats of the American people! You own it, plain and simple. You had 7 years to fix!
So why aren't you pretending to cry again?
Trump/GOP lying about this from the start. Trump says won't touch Medicaid, Medicare, Social Security. GOP promptly tries to gut Medicaid.
Like your doctor you can keep him,the ACA will lower health care cost $2,500 per family. Not to mention the ACA added 25 mil to Medicaid
Chuck, Dems stole healthcare from the previously covered because they can't even afford the fricking deductibles now. You're playing games
how do you know if your in the dark with your face in your hands crying
Time to replace cbo
u know that statement is a lie Chuck!!
Because it's a tax bill under the disguise as a healthcare bill

Where is your proposal???  GET TO WORK!  Publish something to fix #ACA. PLEASE!!!!!  Don't just be the squeaky wheel. WE NEED YOU.
The same thing you Democrats promised with Obamacare
you haven't done anything to help my family either my premiums have more than doubled and no obamacare in my county!
Yeah cause your plan worked so well
By choice Mr Schumer.
Bull poop!
All you Dems want is single payer! You ruined our health care system!!
What have you done chuck to help. How bout rather than fight and divide you help. Otherwise get out.
Shitumer go back to bed you lying hack.
Just remember that when ever Schumer's lips are moving he is lying just like the all the other dem stooges and hacks
No question!

Because they would be exercising their free will, not listening to the orders of some asshole bureaucrats.
Dems. said we'd have lower rates already? So you ran your car without oil now it's the mechanics fault. & the plans & doctors where r those?
You remember Sen. Schumer "if you like ur plan you can keep your plan, if u like your Dr. U can keep ur Dr". & my favorite "PERIOD!!!" !
Hold his feet to the fire, less expensive, coverage for all, totally terrific. Single Payer
"Would" do the opposite.  Your law "does" do the opposite.  Predicting the outcome of legislation is very very difficult and partisan.
Medicare for ALL. Listen.
Yes I have my passport
You rammed through the ACA that made hospitals more profitable, redist rax $ to insurers, raised rates for 93 mill in the middle class
