It is a spiteful act of vast, pointless sabotage leveled at working families and the middle class in every corner of America.
Make no mistake about it, @POTUS will try to blame the Affordable Care Act, but this will fall on his back and he will pay the price for it.
Actually, Chuck, Obama & Dems have done a bang up job of creating a death spiral, where young/ healthy refuse 2 enroll & the risk pool sucks
Exactly. Perhaps if they lived by the rules they pass for US to live by, they would be more productive instead of ruining our daily lives
It’s sad that legislators ( mainly Dems) don’t live by Federalist 57- they should only pass laws they live by 2: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federalist_No._57 …
Laws are for worthless peons, not for the elite of our society, and worthless schumer is the elite of the elite
We r all done!  #25ammendment  fucking NOW!
Herein lies the problem:  We apparently have a POTUS who SINGLE-HANDEDLY IS RUNNING THIS ENTIRE COUNTRY - businesses included.
Yes: Running it in the ground. This executive privilege use is scary & shows no respect for the US's separation of powers principle.
Geez...Obama did 8 yrs of executive orders...we're you afraid then
1/2.  Each POTUS has EO power.   Other POTUS used it wisely & sparingly.  For Trump it is a weapon used to dictate.
His hatred for Obama is at the expense of the American people.
Obamas hatred for America was at our expense also


It's all about the haves and have nots. If you have the money you're good.  If not, sucks to be you.
You mean if you have money the Dems want it. If you don't have any  money - the Dems are fine with that - keep you dependent on them
Because socialised healthcare = the evil!
Premiums were already rising. I will risk paying a little more this year if Trump blast ACA out of the water! Thank u Mr. Trump for helping.
You've been proven wrong again and again President Trump is trying to help the American worker you're losing ground by the day Chuck
Impeach #45!
You lie, Obama created the illegal subsidies to mask the failure of Obamacare.
All due 2 Obama h8. We are living w the psychic break from the Cor Dinner when O jammed T. It’s Trump’s primary wound and reigning pathology
Every ACA using person who voted for Trump is getting their just desserts. Unfortunately many who didn’t vote for him are as well.
Does he really have the authority to disrupt a law that was passed by congress and the senate, with a stroke of a pen?
GOP are going to pay dearly for this. Trump will as well. They deserve everything coming to them.
You didn't complain when Obama forced us to buy something we didn't want/need or pay a large fine #UnlawfulTax
Medical bankruptcy happens too often in US. Before ACA, once you needed it, you couldn't afford it. 2/
Yes, premiums went up for many and that sucks. But that's what happens when there are risk pools. 3/
You can choose to take the bus instead of buying car insurance but you don't choose to get cancer. 4/
and no one should die in the greatest country in the world because they can't afford treatment. 5/5
He does not understand what he just did no idea. He has gone rogue that is not ok #DumpTrump
The number 1 Rogue President
OBAMA

I will take it as you are calling this current administration idiots and I fully agree thanks 4 feeling the same
You would be correct. Thank you so much.

Obama, w/out congress, bailed out a dying Radical Islamic regime that chants 'Death to America'

But Trump is "jeapordizing peace"…
You can continue to deal with the past or look towards the future, the future that wont be here for your kids because Dumptrump = WWIII
Trump will surprise all of you...and fix what mess Obama put us in ...God is in control
Help Us!!!! For fuck sake your our checks and balance and this man just killed us!!!
CHECKMATE, Democrats / Leftists / Corrupt Media!

Go peddle your Obamacare and Single-Payer somewhere else - in Canada or Europe

Bye!
By eliminating illegal bailout payments to insurance companies?  u really want to call out POTUS for stopping an illegal act? U want illegal
Would you guys please #Impeach the #MoronInChief #trump?
Sadly you won’t work with POTUS
It is now time for you to let him know there will be no deals made. He has crossed the line. Shut the government down if you have to.
Get a clue, Chucky. You and the other low-life's aren't doing anything to help the American people. @potus is!
REALITY CHECK: The Single Greatest Threat To The Health And Safety Of Americans Today, Is Donald Trump.
Obamacare never worked and you Democraps forced it in. Good for Trump for the beginning of this terrible healthcare's demise!
Trump is forcing congress to get off its ass both Rep. & Dem. # Do Your Damn Job
#25thAmendmentNow
From the man who puts illegals before Americans do he can get amnesty for votes . Fraud
I hate him. I hate the stress he is causing me. I hate the stress he is causing to the poor, low middle class, middle class, POC, and more.
Sounds like you could use some counseling then!
That's covered because of the ACA! Who knows for how much longer though.
Now it will be considered a pre-existing condition, so the states will opt out of covering it.
I will probably die with out subsidies I won’t have insurance and needed meds.
Chuck, you and Dems have done a masterful job of bolloxing up the health care industry
And Jesus said let's take healthcare away from the poor. Amen & Merry Christmas! #25thAmendmentNow
What's the point of healthcare Idiot Chucky when you can't afford the costs of simple tests because it's too F##king expensive?
Chuck I like that you said “it seems” because you don’t know.
The Art of the Deal for more profit. #Impeach #corrupt #Trump #LockHimUp He's stolen enough & he must pay back. #FirstCorruptFamily
Chuck #25thAmendment! Get this complicit @GOP to grow some vertebrae and end this facade treasonous presidency...
Pls Read  The Dangerous Case of Donald Trump: 27 Psychiatrists and Mental Hlt Experts/Their Duty to Warn. Dr. Brandy Lee, MD
Do something about it! Make noise at the least! Impeach the guy! Start to make noise!!
He owns it

He says he want Dems to go to the White House to make a new deal.. What do u say @SenSchumer do we trust the 
Chuck lets push Medicare For All ASAP!
So, how much do YOU pay for health insurance, Chuckie? Do YOU have ACA insurance?
Because he’s a scumbag and we need to get rid of his traitorous POS ass quickly.
Scumbag? Traitorous? Sounds like you're referring to Barack Hussein. He's no longer there!!
Enjoy the Mueller investigation!
What the Pokemon investigation?? LMAO
Turn their profits into losses and unleash the insurance industry LOAN SHARKS on the American public..
This POTUS is an embarrassment to the human race by proving daily he has no regard for anyone other than his Orange self. #25amendment now!
STOP LYING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE CHUCK 
Well, since it's a meme, it must be true... 

Because they aren't through the roof and climbing already.
Hey look the sky is falling. The sky is falling.
Please do something. Arrange protests. Get ppl out there. Not in DC. In their hometowns.
#25thAmendmentNow 

@realDonaldTrump is unfit for the Presidency
Just like you and Obama did by ramming Obama care down our throats lying about it all the way
Trump only cares about destroying anything Obama built. An extreme form of racism and GOP is helping him.
Opening up state lines WILL reduce premiums. Sad that the Senate and Congress were and ARE unwilling to do even this little bit on their own
And more importantly, POTUS is playing w/the lives of real people. Real people, some of which will die as a result of Trump's recklessness.
Awwww now Chucky he tried to work with you guys.....and when health care is lower what r u gonna say??
Work with the president on a new health care plan this one is failing you know it you're lying to people when you tell them it's not
Why are you saying that, Chuck?  That's what Obama did
Time to catch up Trump. 

But, I guess you're not that quick.
Why is no one trying to stop this madman.  After what is going on in PR, his genocide agenda is obvious. Killing Americans.
Why should the government pay $8 billion per year to bail out the insurance companies just to keep Obama care going it's failing anyway
Chunky your lies are really getting old
Chuck you're kidding. You and the Dems did that with Obamacare and Obama lied to the American people in order to ram it down our throats SAD
This why millennials are marrying for health care
1700 IBEW local 3 workers on strike in NYC since 3-28-17 against Charter/Spectrum families starving need your help to save our jobs,benefits
If it wasn't for lying Chuckie would have nothing to say.
That's just saying opposites
Ignorant, insensitive, foolhardy, politically inept & out of touch with the needs of the American people. It's sickening.
This whole mess is on the Dems pres Trump trying to fix huge mess
yoo hoo....
Say hello to Cory Booker. Another up and coming Dem "superstar". Then read the truth & enlist with us at http://USFREEDOMARMY.COM . #USFA act 
@POTUS wants a telephone call from you. Call the man on the telephone.
How are those impeachment proceedings going?@senschumer
I'm tired of this kind of partisan crap. You know full well that premiums were already doubling in many places & choices were limited to 1
So it seems
He removed subsidies for poor people. He'strying to destroy the program anyway he can. Will cause price to hike next year. Than he will blame Obama care.
Liar
Oh kinda like Obama care pricing everyone out of coverage? To fail so he could get single payer...you mean like that?? 895/mo +12K deduct??
Shit up. Fake news
#fakenews
We will see you dem wits have done a good job raising cost !!! Idiots
Can you do ANYTHING to stop this? @SenKamalaHarris , @SenFranken ?
Just stop. Obummer care failed and you won't help Americans because you hate Trump.
Trump'care' -Friday 13th- October 2017
Why should taxpayers bail out ins co when they make massive profits? And don't say they have losses, we all know how to show a paper loss
@SenSchumer @TheDemocrats @SenateDems @NancyPelosi That is exactly what Obama Care did Raised Premiuns, Co-pay & Deductibles!!
#mentallyunstablepotus #nevergetsitright
Is there anything this Congress can do?
DO SOMETHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Being sad is not enough. Millions of citizens like me are being forced to choose between our lives and our reasons for living. We MUST ACT
pis avek you pisher
So when are you all going to begin the process to impeach???? You're implicit in @realDonaldTrump's madness if you do nothing, Chuck.
Sadly?? Y’all need to take off they friggin gloves and get your friggin hands dirty! This guy is rolling over all of us, sadly doesn’t cutit
Trump's cruel, selfish Executive Order cutting Subsides to Low-Income Americans will impact his base too, right around Mid-Terms & General!
#MedicareForAll no one in the wealthiest nation on earth should go without healthcare because of money, religion #MedicareForAll
Just the little problem of $20 TRILLION in debt.
No, what u and Dems did (ACA) singlehandedly hiked premiums.  Rates have tripled and choices have shrunk.  ACA is a disaster.  Only 1 carrier left in my area.  Can't keep trusted doctors.
Chuck you and your ilk in the Senate have been nothing short of obstructionist.  You should try working w/ the majority for America.
Thus his foul scent is now exacerbating the cumulative misery of everything he touches-TheFecalMidas.
Seriously, you are such a fool. Stop the corruption of Medicaid and all the individuals on "disability" who don't need to be on it.
I don't see you doing much other than running your Damn mouth. How about rolling up your sleeves and work on something everyone can agree 2
Sadly, we had a Liar for 8 years that ruined my Health Care! Can't Afford Cancer Test Anymore! Dems Are Liars
work with POTUS or get left http://behind.watch  this movement gain momentum.
He is ending the WH policy to usurp congress when it comes to the “power of the purse” how is that wrong?
Sadly, instead of working to lower health costs for Americans, it seems @POTUS will singlehandedly hike Americans’ health premiums.
Out of pure spite!  Please find some way to stop him!
He's a sick man
No sympathy here...Potus took the bull by the horns The bull Obama made and Nancy &U approved WITHOUT reading 
You incite hate and race
Apparently Trump represents "Christian values".
#Christians
We shall see senator! Premiums cant be higher then obama care and that mess
Why do you lie Crying Chuck? All LIES, you can’t stand how well he’s doing, shut up and do your damn job, whatever that use
Obama Care has had rising premiums. Are you ready to negotiate yet?
I think we should re frame this new healthcare as Trumpcare.  Since 45 is sabotaging our healthcare, make him take responsibility
Mr. Senator I’d like to know how much money Congress Appropriated for the payback subsidies on the ACA for fy 2017? How about ‘16, ‘15??
Bull....Obamacare raised premiums every year, this one included! Stop lying...and why are you now defending welfare for the Ins. Industry?
You are such a liar
Sadly, you won't admit that O care is failing millions, sadly you have offered no solutions, sadly you're a habitual liar,cheat& whiner
Republican conservatives have lost sight pertaining humanity. Their desperate and very very dangerous.turning on each other, GREAT
Chuck it's time to rally the troops (senate/house) and do something, if nothing else take away his nuke codes! Protect your constituents.
I don't believe anything you ever say. POTUS is for the people of this country working, unlike congress.
MT ".@realDonaldTrump raises heath insurance premiums" Cruel & illegal from @POTUS who receives tax funded care for himself & his family

OH Chucky' your days are numbered. Can't wait till you're voted out. Stop misleading the American people. #LIBERALCIRCUS
And kill many of them in the process.

do something.... get some balls and save this country,,, the time is now for you and your colleagues to do something extreme NOW! you tweet about it you, other senators, congressmen and women and no one is doing a God damn thing. DO SOMETHING!!!
Crying @SenSchumer is lamenting BIG INSURANCE COMPANIES BAILOUT but has been silent for years as premiums & deductibles go up every years
You have plenty of money Chucky. If you unconstitutionally care so much why don't you an ur Hollyweird friends put up the money.
That is the "great" health care he promised?
That is what they count on, I imagine, but most people may not be as dumb as they think.  Well, let’s hope.
You Demorats singly handed ruined Healthcare should have been left alone give us the same Healthcare you hav Demorats should be on Obamacare

People won't afford it & be without coverage
Sorry Jim, that happened years ago when when health care went for profit.
Come on Schumer u guys had 8 yrs to grow the economy and DID NOTHING! Move over the A team is here!
Trump's administration has told him that putting the country into bankruptcy is not good optics and will ruin his ratings, right?
You mean the 'corrupt' 'lawless' administration?!?
LOL!! Yeah, but I didn't have enough space all of those words too. LOL.
you and your corrupt  party are done
And sadly, Congress will let him keep going till the sick and elderly are in as bad a shape as Puerto Rico... dying in the streets.
How can they get any higher?  Mine is $2000 a month with 7350 deductible each for my husband and I!  We are both healthy too!  Disgusting!!!
Uh....Chucky....that’s what your boy Obama did. R u really losing it this badly?
no you and nanc and BO did that!
And what is the Senate and Congress doing about it? Surely there must be a way to keep him from doing what he's doing!!!
#ThanksDonald! How's the #GolfGame?
All because we call it Obamacare and not the ACA
#MoronInChief will deepen our debt, and hike premiums so millions won't be able to afford healthcare, even if there's any left. #SaveACA
Too late, my middle class healthcare costs have already "hiked" more than triple since the ACA went into effect. Guess someone is paying for those subsudies, and we don't use the ACA. MOST middle class don't. Get a grip, Chuck.
No Chuckie, that's what the #ACA did.
You yes you… Have to do something about this madman
Yes, while colluding with Russia and getting Armageddon started with NK and Iran. Great job, Chuck!
Fight back please!
They are already being hiked. BTW, are those glasses meant to boost your IQ? It's NOT working though.
If you have Cancer, plan ahead
If only you could work to remove him from office.
Sadly - instead of getting rid of Trump, many of our most powerful Dems take to whining on Twitter.
The @GOP sued & won to cut CSRpayments @SenSchumer @SenateDems tRump just calling their bluff. Well @SenateGOP & @WaysandMeansGOP Now what?
You are either someone with a brain injury or you are with NWO and the traitors against America. You want America to fail to spite POTUS.
Don’t forget Republicans in Congress could fix it!
He's such a dick
Oh I forgot the most important world famous elections have consequences line try winning an election
You and your lies suck.
I'm a democrat so I'm tweeting you.  Please impeach before it's too late.  Will it take a nuclear bomb before we end this?
Trumps russian handlers must be proud of him causing so much disruption in our democracy, and Paul Ryan and his cronies are enabling him.
Why does this pRez get to act so independently making these single-handed idiot decisions that will affect Americans, must be stopped!
Maybe the sooner this happens, the idiots who support him will realize what they have done.
How can anyone who is good friends with Harvey Weinstein lecture anyone Schumer, he was your big doner?
Hey Chucky, @AARP, @NAACP, @ACLU, etc are all associations that can now offer group health insurance to its members. Why is that bad?
