When u declare u refuse to work on any Repeal & Replace, u forego ur invitation. Shameful politicians. $$ wasters.
The pitiful democrats continue their losing ways. Why should @GOP waste time with obstructionists?
@jennybethm
@LouDobbs
#Winning
#MAGA
Its a two party system. Liberals and Conservatives.
No, Democrats and Republicans. Dems are mostly far left socialist/progressives and Repubs are mostly scared moderates. I am neither.
#MAGA
The looney liberals took over the dem party
This kind of sh*t is why Democrats cannot be relied on to provide any kind of credible input on important bills.  Just a bunch of children.
Why don't you go to a #timeout? American people are tired of the hypocritical #liberals. Once a supporter of you, but no longer.
@MarkRuffalo oh Schumer guess u memory Dosent go back 8 years now does it .oh keep crying over the 8% of the country that loses
Millions Of Illegal Immigrants Likely Voted For Barack Obama http://www.westernjournalism.com/report-millions-illegal-immigrants-likely-voted-barack-obama/ … #WednesdayWisdom #MAGA
We knew that, but thank you for the link.
Ok Charlie Brownglad to see where my money goes! Everyone make copy of this and refuse to pay taxes!!?
LOL funny you should mention charley brown. That's the music I thought was in the background.
SENATORS: It's SIMPLE,  We deserve the same healthcare Ins you have We are Ppl too.

I'm afraid they can't be shamed into doing the right thing.
So true the DEMS has no shame and don't know how to do the RIGHT thing even if their life depended on it.
??? I was referring to the Republicans and their secrecy around this bill.


Are U kidding me right now U have time for a comedy video but have no time for the people's business U just obstruct and wonder why U lose
CHUCK SCHUMER IS A PUZZZZZZY CAT
yep - @SenPatRoberts staff has been telling me I'm wrong. There IS no secret meeting, Dems ARE participating.  It's simply business as usual
As a Republican I agree the public & Dems need to see it. Obamacare did not give that option to Reps & public. Let's get it right this time.
The ACA was developed over a year with dozens of committee & floor hearings, 100+ repub amendments accepted. Hardly a secret.
Obamacare took over a year to create?Then why are Democrats giving the Republicans the "bum's rush" to create & get theirs out immediately??
It's not the Dems rushing things! Idiots in gop are so anxious to tear down anything President Obama did, and they only care about the 1% 
Chuck, stay strong, Jon Ossoff took 19 points away from republicans in the 6th District of Georgia. Tom Price won by 24 points. Go strong 
You couldn't find the tip of your tin foil hat
Time to retire the nursing home crowd in Congress. They are angry, bitter, and don't have a clue except to obstruct.
Love this senators. 
#Americahasspoken, that's why there isn't a Democrat in the Oval Office.
You never showed republicans the aca.
I.M SICK OF THE LIES FROM THE DEMS. I'M PAYING SO MUCH MONEY WITH OBAMACARE AND THE DEMS. DO YOUR JOB DEMS. AND STOP THE HATE
Why, none of you read healthcare before voting for it anyway! We see through your stupid games. Dems just want to obstruct!
Are u guys two years old? Go do ur jobs!
Chuck, great job! Trump trolls can't keep the lies together any longer
Somewhere in America there's a Schumer/Soros collusion to destroy anything & everything the GOP & POTUS tries to get done for this country!
@GOP SENATORS Give us the same exact healthcare plan Congress have Or give Congress the same exact healthcare plan you want 4 us
SERIOUSLY
What gets me is with you and Pelosi leading Dems,u lost house,senate,31 states,900 seats,WH,&4 emergency elections. None calling 4 ur head.
RSVP Single Payer!! We want single Payer imagine the boost to the economy.
If you cannot deliver Single Payer why are you there?
Learn the TRUTH on why people did what they did!!
Unacceptable that lobbyists have the bill & are negotiating w/ GOP abt #Trumpcare over Democrats. Halt all senate business. It's absurd
Keep strong Senator. And thank you for working for all Americans.
Wtf is this music? What tone are u suggesting? Is this a joke or something? Maybe this is why democrats lose elections.
Boycott the vote!
Wow... Republicans should not be allowed to run the government like this?  How has this happened? How can this be remedied?
Obummer showed them how
Go back to school
Maybe we can SHAME the D.C. republican trumpCronies into behaving LIKE AMERICANS for once!
We'll be there, if we can find it... #ObamaCare #ShowUsTheBill #AmericaSpeaksOut
Cry babies!  Didn't y'all do this with Obama against the Republicans & the American people?!?!!!  Democrats are idiots!
That's rich....in case u forgot @NancyPelosi on Obamacare "Got to pass it to see it"
@SenSanders @SenJeffMerkley @SenWarren The people need the Democratic Party's alternative health plan. One scores no points playing defense
Hmmm. Maybe it's on the back of the Declaration of Independence. Has no one looked there yet? Sick, poor, old Americans are your hostages 
#HealthcareBill #TrumpCare please do whatever you can to stop this travesty...people will die with this bill!
People died under Obamacare as well.

Death is a normal part of life, stop fearing it.
You need to Resign Meatball
Stupid is as stupid does.
Try google maps to find your way out of you a$$
Chuckles totally irrelevant 
#cryinchuck
Cryin' Chuck!!!
Why bother. You corporate democrats will just bend over backwards to the evil, cheating republicans. Losing is your forte
Cryin Chuck 
Quit obstructing and maybe the GOP would include Dems. Dems have made it their mission to resist and obstruct. Time to retire.
You can find out what is in it after you pass it
So what progress will you disrupt today?
Your leader Sleezy Schumer stated on 2 occasions he would permit no demwit senator to vote for it.Need new leadership if U want 2 see bills!
Schumer, such a hypocrite.Twice you stated no demwit in the Senate would support or vote for it no matter what was in it!Why let you see it?
Why are you concerned? You said you have no interest so stop being a baby.
Seems to me Dems been dazed and confused since election day. We probably should SALE them guide dogs.
. @SenSchumer fight with everything you have like your job depends on it... newsflash, it does. #trumpcare #healthcare #behindcloseddoors
AS BATHOUSE NANCY SAID" VOTE IT BEFORE YOU READ IT" DUM DEM?
You didn't have any problem with not revealing what was in Obamacare. Why the fake outrage now??? Hypocritical behavior.
If you can find what ???   common sense. I seriously doubt you can achieve this.
Obamacare is a joke! The world is laughing at US politicians! You are nothing but clowns! Putting your own agendas first
Yea sure!! Obstructing more and more!!
Chuck, I can remember (even if you can't) all the "you have to pass the bill so you can find out what's in it" this makes you look stupid.
Hey, Chuck - remember when Pelosi said Congress had to pass the ACA in order for Americans to see what was in it? Did you object then?
2 things for your To Do list lil chuckie...pass #TermLimits and bind yourselves to the same healthcare you put on the American people
Do it up, Senator. Enjoy that LOVELY CAKE and bring your constituent a slice! #fromanewyorker #tompkinscounty #resist
You Dems are SO PHONY!! Until you start working w/Republicans NO ONE WILL LISTEN TO YOU!!! Bye bye
Have the #Democrats worked on any bills to offer HC solutions. If #Congress had to use/endure OC it would be fixed overnight. #Obamacare
What would happen if All of the media quit covering Trump? Seriously. Nothing at all.
You people are like little children.
Where is the Democratic proposal to fix problems with Obamacare? Offer an alternative.
What's the difference if you see it? You know what you'll say that it will kill people, fail etc etc etc. You're not looking to help anyway.
How quickly you forget "you have to pass it to see what's in it" nothing but a bunch of hypocrites you are!
Bye bye Schumer no more corruption in government. Obstruction instead of working to stop the welfare of NYS. HIGHEST TAXED WELFARE STATE
Remember Nancy Pelisi: Pass the Bill so we can see what's inside it!? You Dems have much to say but NO PLATFORM to Stand On!
They dont want to show the bill because its just as stupid and horrible as Obama care.
Point is Chuck with the RNC YOU WILL SEE It before it's Passed! Unlike DNC We Have To PASS It BEFORE YOU SEE IT! How did that work for you?
Schemer must go. We need bull dogs, not Trump pen collectors #dempartyreboot
Why so you can put it down no matter what it says. Try caring for Americans for once and not yourself Chuck.  Lets make America first.
"You have to pass the bill to know what's in it" - Nancy Pelosi
Invite me.. I will be there too .... !!! hahahahha
This is adorable.
What dems can't defend is the biggest failure of ACA, you create a gov't program that more people opted out (penalty) than participated
Time to pick a different strategy Chuck! Until your party comes up with a solution for something we can believe, you're circling the Drain!
Your a joke just like your party
A week since the GOP assassination attempt by a Democrat political terrorist. And your party continues to call for resistance and fighting.
Maybe you can read it once it is passed. Oh wait that's what Nancy said 8 years ago on OBAMACARE.
Thak you, Rep. Schumer.  I'm proud of our senators.
Keep it up @SenateDems
And didn't you guys say no matter what the new bill says, none of the dems will vote for it. NONE. So why go to any mtgs at all????
Obamacare was drafted in a secrecy too, no? Do the words "you have to pass it in order to know what's in it" ring any bells?
Where was your outrage at the refusal of transparency when ACA was passed blindly?  You & your hypocritical Dems should be ashamed.
Why do u always have 2 B sarcastic & condescending when talking about the Repubs. When they present the bill you'd find fault with it anyway
Please, keep fighting for us. We have got to stop these horrible people.
Go away please.
Chuck Schumer lies to American people again saying he hates secret healthcare bills yet he loved secret lying Obamacare Bill. Pure hypocrisy
Hey Chuck, shut up!!!
Will ya all be havin the Chicken Kiev ?
Are you talking about the members of Congress. Are you on vacation again. Call the Russians
Every day is a good day to wonder if it's time to retire & join God, Light. You could do great by leading all of them to Light. Stop evil.
Took u 8 yrs to attempt being witty...ur more like the definition of irony
Do not let this pass. We need your leadership.
You amaze us with your love for ACA and your only strategy is to condemn and make fun of AHCA.
Thank you for your undying support for the middle & lower class. Now more than ever we're counting on you but what can we do to help?
How does it feel to still number 2 politically and still behind Nancy!  You're Demo leader by name only.   Pelosi' s  b÷×*h.
0-4
Love this!  Raspberries to all of the Trumpanzees who are "Obstructionists of Reality!"  Let 'em bitch!
Health care then I'm not paying for yours.
Senator Schumer, we the ppl demand that all of Congress go onto obamacare as of tomorrow. We pay ur salary and if we can't have Cadillac
Whether Secessionist or Obstructionist, you Democrats Suck.
Chuck you belong behind bars with Andy, Hillary and George
This Must be Stopped
so your 1st tweet on show the bill day will go something like "..kids will die, seniors will die..."  Stop resisting #MAGA
What happened last night Chuck???? obstructionism doesn't work
I do believe that if anyone can find #ShowUsTheBill show its you my Senator from The Big Apple..sending out love & admiration
Real Americans have long memories. We remember how you handled Obamacare which you screwed America with. This shows  how evil NewYork is
It is showmanship like this that repulse Americans.
"It's crying time again...". Ray Charles
Chuck you are an aging actor. We are not convinced. Please retire
$15 min. wage, Medicare for All, no for-profit prisons, leave it in the ground,  women's repro rights, repeal Citizens United. Just do it!
Find it amazing that now you want to see the bill before its passed. Unlike Obamacare
CHUCK how have all of the special elections worked out for you?  How does it feel to be the leader of a bunch of losers?
The best! Always spot on!
Chucky, you just don't get it. Stop taking our money and giving it away! Democrats are no longer for the working class!
You voted for Obamacare! You own Obamacare! Why don't you fix it?
No one ever said you are bright, call a friend to help you
Well why not pass the bill first then read it later like @TheDemocrats did with #Obamacare when @NancyPelosi was the #puppet-master
Stop playing games with USA. Roll up your sleeves and work with majority to make America great again. Stop the division. Your party kills.
Just got out of a great session with the @SenateGOP on the new #Trumpcare bill... shame no @SenateDems could find us...
Thought you didn't want any part of it? Make up your mind. Your theatrics are soooo childish. You've become quite the performer. Grow up
Resign traitor
Would you grow up Schumer. Acting like the unpopular 16 year old who didnt get invited to the party. Boo hoo. You're a clown
Dems have lost ALL credibility !  Watch how you start loosing "safe" democratic seats. The party is dying due to rotten leadership!
Republicans have to pass the bill so that you @SenSchumer can find out what's in it...
#LaughingMyOssoff
#TrumpTrain #HealthcareBill 
Republicans must pass heathcare bill so @TheDemocrats can find out what's in it.
You dimms did the same thing drawing up obamacare- secret and the famous pelosi quote- have you forgotten?
What a stupid video from the Stupid Senate DemocRATS!  Take Schumer, Murray and the rest of the Nazi Soros-owned filth and find another land
Just like Obama "shared" with Obama care? You a being a hypocrite.  We keep losing elections.  Work together, for the people of the USA.
Hmm that's funny you say that Chuck, you didn't care about seeing the bill for Obamacare. Nancy said, let's pass it first , then read it !
Love this!
If you were willing to work with GOP then you might see the bill! Stop trying to hinder progress.
Good luck Chuckles
Aww..Chucky upset he dont get 2  the BillWhat Difference Does It Make Schume?You'll RESIST it ANYWAYBut nice LOSS in GA though
Yo Chuck, for you to allow this Russian Fake Collusion story to go this long i lost total respect for you. U could be questionable Character
#UseLessSch can't find a way to help tax payers. No way sch could find this.
You all are sure showing your media savvy! I hope to see more of this on campaign trail next year. #ShowUsTheBill!
That's what you get well your entire party rhetoric has been 'obstruction'. No complaining now.  Sit back and the adults will handle it.
You can see what's in the bill after you fucking pass the bill!!
If you guys would stop obstructing Trumps's agenda, maybe he would be more forthcoming.
How quickly you forget how you Democrats passed  the ACA  "We Have to Pass the Bill So That You Can Find Out What Is In It"
