Why are the Republicans blocking underride guard legislation? #resist
They r too busy trying to take healthcare from Americans so there's more money to send to his boss, Putin!
Exactly! It's like Trump doesn't even understand that the lack of underride guards kills more Americans than guns do!
If one killed your family member, you wouldn't b so flip about it.
Obamacare killed a member of my family by making costs hyper-inflate while simultaneously ruining coverage. Did that money go to Putin?
Obamacare didn't kill anyone. ERs r there and they have to save lives. And yes Trump sent the money to Putin.
My family member couldn't afford the ER because of Obamacare so he died. But it's neat how Trump sent the money to Putin before the election
If my family was dying, I would have worried about the money later. Sounds like family didn't care
Especially the second one from the left. That cow could fuck up my overnight Amazon Delivery.
Oh Ulick, Trump has quite the quality Ppl loving him. Too bad Dems r outsmarted the POTUS at every turn!
Wow!
Wow!
Wow! Surprised u haven't called me vulgar names again!
Dont have to again. We all know what you are.
Really? I'm a girl?

TRUMP IS A RUSSIAN PUPPET AND AN ILLEGITIMATE POTUS! He's the box of rocks.
Some more !!
Look up the real deal about the uranium deal. America did it in the open and congress approved.
Shut up snowflake, I didn't approve !!

Yes it's the law
Truthfully cars need to pay more attention and realize you can't stop 80000 lbs on a dime and watch that right side when turning.
Chuck Schumer has joined the President Trump bandwagon and he is running for him to win in 2020..President Trump is the best
Not my president. We are a country without a leader
Hillarys not either
Were we talking about Hillary?  Mad Housewife
I was just pointing out the fact that Hillary is not our president. Neither is Bernie.
Senstir
Is it in your vocabulary to ask people to take responsibility for their own actions? You always have a direction to point a finger.
And my mind almost suffered a meltdown when I couldn't find some way to blame TRUMP. I needed 15 Advil.
Campaigning early, Chuckles?
Actually, people need to drive better. Too much speeding is the main problem. Not paying attention is the other.
Agreed! This is my daughter's car on 6-29-2017
I will be leaving the Democratic Party because of you and a few other democrats.  The divisive attack against Hillary is repulsive.
There you go go speaking out of your butt again. 87% of all accidents involving big trucks are not trucks fault. Why not educate public.Hack
Grandstanding as only phony chuck can do
Mandatory in many countries. Proven to save lives.
Im a NYS employee who has been stopped going 54 miles per hour in a 55 by state troopers while trucks Blow by me at 90 miles an hour on I-81
I retired early because every day my 140 mile round trip to work was endangered by large trucks
the i-86 has a bunch of shit heads on it too from Binghamton to Rochester
Did you know we ranked dead last as  drivers in the state of NY. considered the rudest &most misbehaved.  what happened to driver's ed
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION MR.SCHUMER

WORK 4AMERICA & STOP TRYING 2 DESTROY R GREAT COUNTRY W/YOUR OBSTRUCTION!!

VOTE OUT DESTRUCTION 2018!!
@SenSchumer AND...a underride doesn't stop a car from going under the truck! God you're stupid! 
Here's an idea Chuck- how about making every1  who drives a car take a course on how 2 drive safely near a semi! It's 99% t/car screwing up!
REPUBLICANS WILL LOSE PLAYING THIS GAME, IF THERE WAS ANY SUBSTANCE TO   THERE IDEOLOGY THEY WOULDN'T HAVE TO SCOOP TO CORRUPTION TO WIN..

keep talking shit about hillary and we'll lose again you fool!
Your Hillary attacks not appreciated
More regulations on the trucking industry isn't the answer.
Underside guards are not the answer. Proper driver education of motoring public and traffic enforcement is. Get bad drivers off the road.
I just said the same thing! The truck driver is 99% innocent! Cars have no education how dangerous it is 2 try & outrun or cut off a semi!
Do something about Trump
Like what? Stop Trump from bringing in over $4 trillion back into our economy?
Mark that's Fake News. Keep up
So how many happen per truck on the road per miles driven each day? So you want more Regulations? At whose cost? How about more hair Plugs?
Please, just step down, you are just a clown turning our congress into a circus for your enjoyment
How about people learn how to drive better and not be on their phone
Do trucks entering from Mexico need underside guards or just U S Trucks
Opportunistic panderer who never gets anything done
HEY>LOOKIE ANOTHER AMBULANCE -CHASER SMUCK?  SCAM SHUMER
.@SenSchumer the guy who handed Dem outreach to a non Dem & who bashes Dems every day has the nerve to bash Hillary. Go to hell .@SenSchumer
Company that has paid y'all off in Congress to run by there own rules!!
One, the vehicle was tailgating or two the driver of the truck didn't have enough experience to be on the road but was allowed to by big...
Chuck you don't know the first thing about trucking. I've been driving 15 yrs and that accident was created by only two possibilities...
More regulations?  You just won't quit!!
Just retire you senile old vampire
George Soros Open Society Foundation gave you this year Follow the money and you'll see who's pushing the narrative #MAGA
More regulations shoved down your throat - removing your freedom one small step at a time. Go Chuck!!
I hope you dont forget about this family in a few days after youre done using them as a political prop

They already do, are you that disconnected from the real world? Time for you to go
This guy is a hindsight genius. He has the answer for every incident after it passes. Total suck up
Try not tailgating trucks.
Easy to propose it. But you should fund it too.
As usual missing the root cause. Safely equipment can't stop a driver that can't see a truck from crashing. See if you can regulate stupid!
Schumer is only happy when there is blood to get behind . So sad
No.
I hope the protestors like this show up at your meetings and De Blasio.
He swerved to miss a deer! You can't prevent all accidents!
YES!  Government can solve all our problems, put a government agent in charge and we'll never have a problem.
Well, simply impose your will upon the people. It is what you all do best in NYS.
Never get in between Upchuck and a tv camera. He'll run your a&& over!
More self responsibility is the answer Upchuck. They are big rigs. Give them room, don't tailgate and show them the respect they deserve.
Can you imagine how much more you could get done if you were not so invested in fucking with Trump & the Americans that chose him?
Finally something of substance from u
I agree Sir. Lucid and common sense. Who are you and what did you do with Senator Schumer?
Trump tripled ICE AGENTS in USA plus more action against illegals in NYC than upstate & get felonies on "misdemeanors"like David Berkowitz
Hate NYC sanctuary lawyers obstructing arrests of illegals assisting illegals 2run free?Write OCA u WANT ICE 2 complete arrests/deportation
Can there be a more glaring example of why Americans despise career Washington POL's??!!
They are there chucky u havnt noticed!
That won't help if the people are driving like idiots ,my hearts go out to the victims
You are truly an ambulance chaser
DISGUSTING... using a tragedy for a photo op like Al Sharpton just to get some tv time. You're a loser Chuck
Give truckers a break on the tolls and it will be done
...but that will effect fuel economy...greenies not going to like it
Then propose legislation rather than just using this tragedy as a photo op
why are you not working on health care, oh that is correct you are an obstructionist #demcogs clueless putz,  here to pander and meander
America  what's up
Oh please stop the insanity - You Democrats love driving up the cost of business over stupidity.
Let's regulate more, is that your only solution. Sounds good but how realistic is and what is the cost for such a proposal ?
My experience of nearly 19 yrs As CDL driver and Owner Operator is that the 4 wheelers do dangerous maneuvers near big trucks.

As usual you have no details
Wonderful, so put independent truckers out of business with more Gov regulations. Sometimes trouble accidents are just that.
pander much, have stock in the company that installs these, likely ineffective at highway speeds and should not be a substitute good driving
The Senate shouldn’t confirm FBI nominee Wray until Special Counsel Mueller has done his job & investigation of Comey firing is complete.
Hey Chucky, there is a federal law requiring under ride guards for these trailers and large box trucks? The problem is no standard strength.
Better to pass laws to have auto drivers pay attention to the road. Stop from using cell phones behind the wheel.
And State Police shouldn't be acting like cowboys  with high traffic speed traps  creating accidents and near misses..Cameras not cowboys
Or maybe not trying to pee into a bottle at 70mph.
Yeah, see...  I have a way of avoiding this. I don't tailgate trucks and tend to just stay clear...
Hey chuck was the truck full of illegals
the truck part a unlicensed Latino driver from Mexico?
Is there anything you don't want to stick your nose in?
People need to pay attention when they drive please leave trucks alone it's hard enough already and you don't have a clue
My gawd you're sooooo phony!
@realDonaldTrump what did u do today Donnie? Help anyone but yourself?
How common is it? While a tragedy throwing money at it and legislating may not make any difference. What are the relative numbers please sir
My name is Chuck Schumer. This is a photo op for me. I don't care about any of these people.
It's a Russian plot
Might be another way the Dimmocrats can levy another tax on the backs of hard working transportation industry. Safety not priority.
Okay so do you carry a podium around with you
When u going to make a speak You do. Duh

Tragic. But I saw no genuine, nor fake crying on this occasion. Why not, when it's nothing to do with @realDonaldTrump ?
I profess ignorance on underride guards.  What are they and how would they help?

Thanks
A sensible and easy fix all things considered.
You carry a podium with you? Trying to impress? Not working the people of NY see EXACTLY who and what you are. @SenateGOP
Very funny  - the podium bit. 
No close door hearings America deserves to know.  No interview UNDER OATH
You should make our military look like 18 wheelers because we see invisible to the motoring public on the highway. You should watch YouTube.
If we haven't been in a war we didn't need to b at that's destroying military inventory everyday. You might see
Go, Chuck! We got your back. Now go to DC and fight like hell. Your whole life up to this moment has prepared for this struggle.
Yep !!
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Mr.Schumer!!
Agree 100%
