We're live with @SenSchumer from our Adoption Center at 11:30am! Tune in to http://facebook.com/aspca  to watch!
you are the biggest POS ever drew a breath. I wish there was a way to get all of you "obstructionists" out of office!
you Sir are a Dufuss
You won't have any luck adopting our Chuckie, he couldn't even retrieve a newspaper!
That's nice but please filibuster Gorsuch #kthanks
fuck schumer!
please listen more and talk less.  Dems are eager to share "their vision" but next steps must reflect real people's needs
@ASPCAYou own this Obamacare now so I can send my high premium bills that I can't afford and I'll be mailing them to you!@POTUS
Chuck you really should be helping Trump fix the mess that you guys created instead of playing with puppies.
#MAGA
He kicks his dog when he has a bad day. Bad choice by ASPCA
I'll adopt schumer & teach him about God and manners & not thinking the world revolves around him.Then dump him at pound
as you filibuster Gorsuch, I wonder if you are even smart enough to realize he is the best you are going to get.  #politics
why does your face look like a goblin?
awesome call! He's a walking Halloween costume or is that Halloweenie#biggestlosah!
THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT!! Your appearance is a model for all politicians and important for animal safety & protection.
oops just there up
Again sir, thank you for allowing me to continue tweeting you Senator Schumer sir. New York, New York is a caring city.
Thank you for allowing me to tweet you Senator Schumer sir. I still think Senator Durbin is a detestable filth though.
U & Natzi pelosi R making it soo easy 4 GOP 2 get more seats next year...thanks, we talk 2 a lot of people and know
Why???? Nobody will adopt him!!! He'll keep people away for God's sake. #bigmistake
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! @NancyPelosi  thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! @TheDemocrats @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats
Who cares? Do your job for humans.
you are a joke. Have some decency and just quit. You don't do nothing for the people or the country.
you need to learn to pick your battles. Going after a justice isn't one to fight bcause there r bigger fish to fry
You Senator are numb to what the American people want. Obamacare should never have been passed by you and Nancy thats on you. U work for us!
I think you should put your PRIDE AND YOUR LOST a
side , think about the good for the AMERICANS .
How could you stoop so low. He cares nothing about animals or humans. Hateful & nasty. Deplorable!!
who on earth wants to hear him cry and belly ache. Ugh! No thanks
you should really consider Gorsuch we know youre backed by big money but...
lmao
Get your party together. Why not try acting like ethical adults?
yes, u like babies & puppies............lol, joke!
We the people insist that there be a full independent investigation into the Trump/Russia collusion & conflicts of interests.
The hope Americans have is that you'll never get the chance to assume the leadership of the senate.
. For Once think of American's not your Party. It's time to GROW UP be an Adult & Work with the PEOPLE'S CHOICE or Resign 
why all you do is lie & lie & lie....
You sir, are the problem!!
YAWN...
hopefully they put you in a cage like the dog you are and always have been.
thank you.
OMG, please focus on #KilltheBill and your filibuster! Come on! Wanna see washington reeling from this! Give it all you've got!
Yes, let's let Obamacare fail and implode on its own. It's what the Democrats deserve.
shoe has an alterior motive
Seriously, all members of Congress should not be on Facebook, geez..starting to make all look a bit juvenile..
ONE thing Schumer and I can agree on!
SIT DOWN! And behave!
Doing a tour of lies on corrupt facebook.Schumer you are a desperate liar
Heres what Chuckie will have for us. He will not Vote for anyting the GOP puts in front. Chuckie answers to George Soros
I'm not saying this isn't important. But. Priorities? I mean I hear Congress is busy this week with some other stuff.
new drinking game.  every time schumer bashes the president, trumpcare or repubs, take a drink!
you guys will be drunk fast then.  We look to him for truths....trump is all lies.  You'll see. #Russiagate
people like you are dividing the country.  exactly what they want.
people like you would rip hard workingAmericans and those needing healthcare in dire straights.
zzzzz.  Get your own insults
AWESOME, someone please adopt him.
He up for adoption?
