Vile Dem serpent Schumer slithers out of his hole 2 spread hate/division. Americans thankfully ignore his self-serving Partisan propaganda
that is  bullshit
Won't be long ! We will replace you!
With a American! No more fools!
Only reason you think he's using the hurricane as cover is because you're against what he did.
Hard to believe anyone would think what he did was good
Do you agree to jail Obama for BREAKING HIS OATH OF OFFICE? "...to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States."
Hmm?
Does your insane ranting rhetoric never end?!? So, I get it. THIS is what American taxpayers are paying you to do... Tweet all day long. 
how can you live with yourself
People will lose their lives, their homes, & their livelihoods. drumpf's focus is on taking away people's rights & pardoning a criminal.
Obama PARDONED convicted felons...300+ on his last day in office and more then the last 13 presidents combined.

Ur despicable. Bet its Hell on earth 2 see crowds brave the rain 2 see/cheer 4 him. Bet u hate that folks of all races came together  2 help
Schumer, how can you be such a low life liar and sleep at night?  How can you stand yourself?
Stop your bullshit it's getting old
Chuck how much have you donated? What have you done to help?
Your last day in government will be a very good day for this country.

Pardon a man who violated a court's order to stop discriminating against Latinos and 2/

How much cash have you coughed up for disaster relief? BTW you're con man
Arpio got screwed by liberals like you. Better than releasing traitors, terrorists, and violent criminals.
OUR President is actually SPITTING in our faces now!  What can we do to protect ourselves and others?
This is why we did and will again cross party lines.  You're both sad and pathetic #Hatemongering
Your sickening! Think we forgot where obama was for everything bad that happened to us? Golfcourses & vacations!  #hypocrite
Don't talk about Texas, I/We don't need your words.
No, u seem to be using the storm in ur political games.  At least he is out there doing things to make Amer. better.
Get'em Senator Schumer!
Hopefully pull Trump's businesses  NY state business license for accepting emoluments from foreign governments.
You're ignorant!
Dear Chuck, this needs to be the Dems message: "Give us the congress and we'll take care of Trump."   Try it.  The voters will like it.

U R definitively Anti-America(ns). WHAT did U say abt BHO releasing releasing murdering terrorists? Almost 2000 pardoned by BHO
I hope you can find some way to destroy Trump over his response to Harvey. It would be bad if you said something good about him.
Liar, Liar pants on fire. How do you look in the mirror and not want to slit your own throat?
Oh you figured it out cryin Chuck. Prsident is always 2 steps ahead of you and your lame ass party
Oh give it a break already.
You are pathetic! Oh wait a Demoncrat
Yea because we all know he really cares what your left arm media says. You are clueless what its gonna take to expand your party.
Hypocrite! YOU use YOUR office to: LIE, CHEAT, & STEAL freedoms of legal Americans, SUBVERTING the Constitution YOU swore to protect.
As @SenSchumer spreads propaganda, Still no Message from Dems...The party of yesteryear...The fall from grace must hurt...
Sen Schumer, please stop dividing the country.  If you help the President then you are helping Americans.
What are YOU PERSONALLY doing to help the storm victims?
You do know you and your party are the most hated form of human in the world?? We vomit when you speak! Protected civil servant! GETTOWORK!!
Really?
b
You are 1 hate filled, vengeful, lame politician.  I despise and loath you and your cohorts.  Partners in CRIME ALL OF YOU.
PHUK YOU Judas Schumer, strong letter to follow.
Chuckie, what exactly are you doing to help, except being a political hack!
Chucky, you need to pipe down & go away. Your obstruction strategy will blow up in your face in 2018. You are a do-nothing dolt.
No wonder we call you Shmuck.
Sorry no cover,he announced it at a http://Rally.Now  Obama gave$300+2Iran tried 2hide it thenliedabout amt,then confessed
That's a bald faced LIE and YOU know it.  Just stop obstructing and lying and get things done...JUST STOP IT.
and what are you doing?
Don't pretend "Chuckie" that you even give a crap!
How about looking out for the average taxpayer you know the one that pays your salary; instead of political action groups
DJT could be personally out in the storm rescuing gifts and you'd criticize him! You are a despicable pile of !
Idiot

And your using the storm to bad mouth president. 2 wrongs don't make it right. Get rid of Dems 2018
Will Not Denounce ANTIFA , the Democrats Doom!

Sad thing's I think McCain & Flake would before Pelosi,Schumer,or Schiff. PLEASE say I'm wrong @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff https://twitter.com/MichelleAKline/status/902015402854703104 …
You Sen are instigating radical domestic TERRORISM. I believe you know exactly what you are doing. Lying to the American people.
As TX and LA suffer a crisis political hack @SenSchumer exploits it cheap political shots. Good boy Chucky. Youre a real hero.
How can we get rid of this idiot Schumer, a Soros puppet?
Sorry stu8pid, the Sheriff was pardoned long before the storm. Lie again... elsewhere.
Go home
Hahaha
After assassinating a @GOP @POTUS, @TheDemocrats started the #KKK. After Trump won, they support #Antifa. Different hood color, same hatred!
I have to ask, How many readers knew Opec (Saudi Arabia) Now Controls the largest oil refinery in North America?
Media is talking about Harvey and refineries nothing about the sale of Port Arthur. Shame, shame, shame.
Arpaio was charged with a misdemeanor.  Trespassing and public intoxication are examples of misdemeanors.  Get a GRIP!
You're such a disgrace!!  He pardoned a man that had worked for the ppl for yrs unlike the traitor Manning that the Dems pardoned+criminals!
Schemer, quit the party politics and do something to help.  Be a real leader for a change
oh  that's typical democrat talk and should be stopped asap time for you and other soros payoffs to get to work and leave Trump alone
you're a sorry excuse
Stop lying
He's tweeting about a book today!! 
Stop lying Chuck
If you can't show me proposed legislation, then shut the hell up about Trump. Get to work and do it in a public way. Enough food fights.
Burns you up that he is actually working doesn't it and he isn't being paid like you. Hurricane business is in check since before storm hit
Poor chucky needa his DEPENDS. Changed but even his wife won't do it. While rest of world focus on a fighr Potus is being Presidential 
We the people cannot stand you @SenSchumer.You are so wrong and off base on everything. Stop politicizing this!So many ppl are in harms way!
Of course to be expected!

You are despicable to use a natural disaster to spew your liberal bs and hatred for the POTUS.Really pathetic.
It took a natural disaster to get you out if bed. Go back to sleep, old man.
Stop
You, Chuckie, are using the hurricane to insult and use your HATEFUL rhetoric for politics.  You do nothing useful for Americans.
Chucky the liar!
Little chucky still throwing baby fits.  Dems 2018 and 2020 are in a free fall.
HMMM!! FUNNY HE HASN'T STOPPED WORKING. HE HAS BEEN TALKING TO THE GOVERNORS. QUICK TO THROW STONES ARE YOU. THEY MAY BOOMERANG. GOD'S WILL.
You're politicizing Chuck can you just shut your trap for a few days?? POTUS doesn't need to hear nonsense from you right now!!
As millions in TX & LA are suffering,  u r talking about a reasonable Pres pardon, when No 44 pardoned a terrorist, a traitor & drug dealers
There ya go, the liberal mantra;
Never let a crisis go to waste.
You're pathetic Schumer
Chelsea Manning is from OK and I was embarrassed with Obama's pardons.
Chucklez, you are a national embarrassment, please start promoting america in a positive way, also what have you done to deserve your pay?

you are pathetic....stop whining, we expect MORE from our political leaders....EARN your YUGE govt salary!  #MAGA
He's multi-tasking. Congress should try it and @TheDemocrats should work on more than bashing @POTUS
Shut up..
Grow up! We all know you work with the Shadow Govt & launder our tax money for personal gains. 1 of these days u all will b held accountable
BULLSHIT, you're a pathetic liar!! Your attacks on @POTUS Trump only make him stronger!! @TheDemocrats will get destroyed in 2018 & 2020!!
Take a break from lying and help
A Coast Guard helicopter hovers over Dickinson Bayou, hundreds of rescues already have been made in Houston with more expected Sunday: 

It looks like extra help is headed towards #Houston to aid victims and people dealing with #Harvey damage 
it's absolutely DISGRACEFUL/DESPICABLE that @realDonaldTrump chose 2 play politics when MILLIONS of ppl's lives are on the line in Texas smh



Q: Know how to tell when @SenSchumer is telling a lie orbeing deceitful?

A: he's moving his lips.
Incomprehensible!  You, sir, are disgraceful. #Harvey is no time for politics, as good Americans are suffering. Get to work!
@HillaryClinton has killed more people, and caused more havoc than Hurricane Harvey. What aren't you tweeting about that, Chucky?
Continue to focus on Clinton and Obama while Trump ruins us all and makes the country a much worse place to live.
Stop spreading LIES and making stuff up. Idiots can hear you and don't know the difference.
Where is the National Guard and the military? 6 coast guard copters is all???
Try watching something other than CNN and u will see the Guard and Fed are there.
Try watching something other than Fox Fake Propaganda "News" and you will find they were not there. How come so many are still stranded?
You are a bad freaking joke
Idiot
You petty, partisan #DEM politician! You cannot see your way thru uniting with @POTUS to benefit the people of our nation... even in crisis!
you're  so jealous!
Again crickets are very loud
Isn't time u carer politicians step down and allow other citizens to represent in Congress. U are an abuse of power

Myanmar troops fired mortars and machine guns at Rohingya civilians near the Bangladesh border yesterday. 
The case for #TermLimits .
yeah right, whatever, just like you just played your own politics while millions of people suffered.  #twofaced
Put a sock in it.
I REALLY hope you aren't going to start crying AGAIN!
What is he supposed to do about the Hurricane , the people, animals etc. it sounds like you would do nothing Sad
He should have used Obama's tactic, release it @11 PM on the Friday before the 4th of July!
Thats what you would do That's why you think this way. Evil people think that other people are evil. He's taking care and saving lives
Schemer, still lying and causing controversy.! You are the Father of Racist! Please! Stop showing your Ignorance! #MAGA
You are a LOOSER! 
Quit spewing your lies Senator.  It's beneath the office you occupy.
Nobody listens to you anyway.
Trump is moving forward to give TX fed help whereas Obama's only move forward during a disaster was to yell fore
So he does something bad and it's horrendous, he does something good and it's cover for doing something horrendous. Have a balanced view.
What are you doing as a congressman to help the people of TX and LA? Tweeting about Trump? You've failed the American people and now TX & LA


You are a Putz
Poltics over country as usual for you dems...our President has worked with state local govt and fed govt on this hurricane. What have u done
#TermLimits
Wow chuckle's.  You are more worried about politics then the pl of Texas. Bashing the POTUS is more important than Americans. You r a waste
Shame there are a lot of good republicans in upstate New york
Texas is truly under siege right now and Schumer uses it as a political opportunity.  I loathe that whiney, NYC, piece-of --!
..why pardon a man doing his job? Liberals & RINOs hate Joe. People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
..why pardon a man doing his job? Liberals & RINIs don't like Sh. Joe. People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
Doing his job? I know that's the RtWing talking point, but could you at least look into it a bit further?
We've been covering Joe Arpaio for more than 20 years. Here's a couple of things you should know about him... 1/many
That is outright disgusting of you.
Go practice your "Crying" routine Chuckie. 
Stop spewing lies... nobody believes a word you say. 
#MAGA
Yes chuckie. Because he planned the hurricane too
Another delusional democrat that sold there soul to the devil. Go sit in the corner, and take your medication.
Look here Schumer, u need to stop adding to the problem. I live in the affected area, u are just a thorn in America's behind go to bed.
Has every Lib lost their minds? How can INTELLIGENT ppl accept this crap abt Trump? Give the man the same chance as a Jr. Sen frm Illinois!
They are mass delusional. They have the truth of DNC deep collusion and selling out American yet they profit from POTUS good deeds. SMH
Sad state of affairs. The light of the world is diminishing quickly. If the US is lost, the NWO gets its wish.....Global power in few hands.
I'm just wondering when - IF - @theDemocrats are going to do ANY work FOR THE COUNTRY? Sowing dissension isn't work. #PoliticalHarlots
On Smercosh: possible alternative. POTUS knew ppl watching more news due to Harvey. And he wanted a huge audience for audacious actions.
Just can't get over the November wipeout, eh, Chuck?
And you are using the same thing to try to make yourself look like "the good guy". Don't bother nyers at least..know better.
sociopath will always accuse you of doing the very thing that they are guilty of themselves They do this to deflect the attention from them.
That's because he's a RUSSIAN FLUNKIE COWARD
