Dems haven't cared about spending money in the past, why start now?!? American people voted for Trump to #buildthewall
Correction... American people voted for Trump to build the wall AND have Mexico pay for it.  Another broken promise!
Correction:  Mexico will eventually pay for the wall. Ur just quoting sound bite. & ppl who voted for him don't care
So then if you're so smart, tell me how a fucking wall is going to prevent them from coming by boat.
Or overstaying their visas, or using their tunnels, or using a ladder
GITMO asswipe it's empty what his name let the terrorist out to terror
It isn't empty. Try again.
Dems have neglected illegal immigration and border wall because they want their base expanded #buildthewall
no better place for the $ to be spent. Illegal Immigrants cost way more to our country than this wall will.
Source?
There is no source, because immigrants benefit more than they take.
Actually immigrants paid over $11 Billion in taxes last year.
Maybe but they placed a $ 23 billion drain on the system via consumption of public aid such as food stamps, medical, infrastructure spending
Tell me of wise one how can a person with out documentation get food stamps lots of Americans who need it WITH documentation turned down
THat is was I thought as well.
Go to ANY Mex consulate and they will issue u an ID whether u r legal or not, take that ID to any calif DMV and a get a Ca ID
It won't stop drugs which is 45's latest line of faux reasoning.
No, studies have been done. A wall, a fence won't stop the drug traffickers. Money is too good. Drugs are a lucrative business and have been
Mary Alice, just FYI, Obama sent back more illegals than any other administration.
@HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @SenateDems @SenSanders @SenateGOP @UN @HillaryClinton @JohnKerry @BFostersbox @Willis_Hubbard_ @GodsWordIsFree
@GOP @TheDemocrats @NancyPelosi @SenWarren @hrw @MaxineWaters @RepAdamSchiff @BarackObama @MarkZuckerbergF @BillGates @MMFlint @MeetThePress
Again, let's do a "FACT CHECK" on the relationships Trump & his family plus friends and members of his administration>still have with Putin
please resign now
……Great
We need to fix the wall we already have, expand it, and enforce the laws that already exist in this country. Stop your pettiness.
So what are you saying I think you should go down by your self and stop the drugs unless you are a user.
Don't cave in. Democrats need to stand up to Trump and the GOP. They will pass Daca and if they don't it's their problem.
Maybe if we didn't fund/protect illegal immigrants we can pay for LEGAL Border Wall. Maybe we can use drug cartel $, so many ways.
Secure Fence Act 2006 supported by OBAMA, CLINTON, and YOU, Schumer voted for this act.
maybe the Secure Fence Act of 2006 is another lie to the american people, supported by You, Obama and Clinton.
But #FAKE45 doesn't care.

Politician Chuck Schumer in 2009 was "#BuildTheWall" Somehow his position has changed with a republican in W.H.   
We voted for a wall there's money for a wall. Afraid of never getting enough Dem voters? So you flood the country with illegals to vote.
That's the problem with you Dems. You always want to divert money into your own programs. The truth is that no politician cares about us.
heh, I'd love to hear the more effective ways to secure the border.
No, you would open our borders to everyone and everything it brings.
If there are better ways to secure the border, why didn't the Democrats do it? You had eight years.
We don't want the wall Trump you do-you pay for it!!!
Your polls are fixed if you want to refer to those. NEVER have I or the 10,000 people I work with ever been asked what we think. FIXED
if you and obama had did your jobs we wouldn't have the problems we do now, with drugs, ms13 gangs across america. dems. to blame
WOW, it's easy to blame the prior administration for all of the problems we have.
How about suggestions on ways to fix the drug problem.
the wall,fence, something to help slow the flow down. seen how much the border guards catch coming across. tons of drugs. we need something,
They have tunnels that are already built, a wall won't solve that.
ALL 5 ARE BS. GET OUT OF THE WAY AND THEN WATCH WHAT HE DOES.....DEMS. ARE THE SPEED BUMPS TO SUCCESS !
@SenSchumer is a waste of public money.
Build The Wall. Most Effective! The fence is a joke. Congress needs to keep promise of a Secure Border!
The Secure Fence Act of 2006, Then-Sen. Obama voted for it. Sen. Schumer voted for it. Sen. Clinton voted for it, now political Moron!
There is no better use of money or more effective way that's why you hate it so much give us our wall
Lets have Trump voters pay 4 it, & the rest of us will eventually pay them back N some manner @ some later date!  Now, that makes real sense
PS: The US economy is based on exploited immigrant labor (cheap). The wall isnt to keep them OUT but 2 keep them DOWN & marginalized.
didn't you and obama want the wall a fews yrs. back, even had money for it. we cand get the money by defunding liberal colleges @POTUS
#6 we don't wall, we want votes from mexicanos.#7 we don't want wall, isis won't try to come across  border
No Chuck! The American people elected Trump to #buildthewall We don't care how it is paid for, build it!
You may not care how it's paid for, but many of us do. Not all voted for Trump or this wall.
The Democrats say Fuck America why build a border wall when we can give that money to Iran to support terrorist like our Hero Obama did!
The ONLY thing I've heard you say since u became LEADER that makes sense. 1 out of a million is better than nothing. Bernie keep up pressure
We wouldn't be here now if Dems had done their job of securing the border and built the wall years ago! #buildthewall
And Mexico will pay.... He did state they wouldn't write check to begin with, god your memory is gone.  ALZHEIMERs?
Schumer has become the caricature of "Wack a Mole" regarding Prez Trump agenda.  Party goals overrides those of we the people's Comrade?
Yet another example of @Dems not accomplishing anything useful.  Only attacking the @POTUS #JustStop #WeAreNY #DoYourJob
@POTUS @seanhannity @GOP @DNC @NewDay @FoxNews Democrats hypocritical! Never saw a democrat cry so much about spending money!
Blah blah blah
How's that clown job working out for you?
You really have to ask yourself why are Pelosi and other liberals so Bent On Letting more drugs into this country from our Southern border?
@senSchumer Oh Chuckie you're still talking trash.
Because you are in the pocket of George Soros internationalist out to destroy America beginning at border than suffocating regulations
Money better spent? From a Democrat must mean more abortions.
Most effective way to secure the border is to put Chucky and Amy 
Schumer pictures there with their "Big Mouth" open!!!!!
Quit putting your personal interests ahead of your constituants!
We voted for @POTUS and The Wall. You Obstructionist Dick
The Wall is NOT unrealistic. It would be among the biggest constructions in all of human history! Three times the volume of Hoover Dam!
Ppl living on border have rcvd letters from 45 2 take land & Hispanic owned construction companies have contracted 2 build wall illegally!
45 hired military contractor 2 contract w/Hispanic American owned companies! None of that is legal w/o Congressional ok & funding! #Impeach
Taking private land from Americans is another thing Trump forgot to mention on campaign trail.  Wouldn't that be held up in Court for years?
don't want a wall then how about an E-verify with TEETH.  ILLEGALS please self deport so we don't have to build an expensive wall!!!!
#LieingDemocrats #CrookedSchumer #DumpTheDems
#SelfDistructDems
Why do we fight this battle on SCROTUS' terms, never pointing out that border wall already exists in problem areas?
Only thing they've been clear about is creating mascots and victims
Suggest to 45* that government can sell 'wall bonds', and let contributors have their names proudly displayed on the wall.
I get the feeling that points 2 & 3 are probably the bigger part of tRump's intention - no wall, just get the $$$ and appropriate elsewhere
A WALL will pay for itself. Much cheaper than welfare, education, healthcare,etc for future Democrats, aka ILLEGAL ALIENS. We want a WALL!!
Please fight to scrap the wall! It's a useless waste of money when there are so many other needs that will actually benefit actualAmericans!
Pretty humerus reasons since Dems are the kings and queens of spending! You only care cause u want to piss that money away some place else!
& support our @POTUS like you expected the Reps to support Obama. U &the other dems don't have a clue about teamwork.  shame on you!
stand fast Chuck!!! Don't saddle us with debt for Generations from Trump's stupid & worthless Wall!!
Shut it down, Chuck. It's time for a Bartlet moment
If trump wants his Ego Wall, let him start a GoFundMe page, his supporters can donate & pay for it. Majority says 'Don't use my tax money!'
Don't you mean GOVERNMENT money? You should know the difference.
If Mexico is going to pay for wall, Why would we have to fund it in Federal Budget?silly wabbit- dummies believe trump
#1 is irrelevant; # 2 & 5 absolutely need to be addressed and fixed.  Splitting up a college campus by the wall in Brownsville must be fixed
Where again is the Win-Win?
The first step in changing a free people is to install Nationalist ideals in there day to day lives. We no need a stinking wall! FREEDOM!
It there were more effective ways to secure the border, you would have put them in place by now.
#3...who gets to decide what "elsewhere" is...Democrats????  Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.
The pointless waste of taxpayer money is the system currently in place.  Those costs will go down far more than the cost of the wall.
Screw that! America is n has always stood for those yearning to be free of tyranny n facist leaders. A wall demeans the very idea of America
You did vote yes on the Secure Fence Act of 2006 (Pub.L. 109–367)
hey sen sch the wall is soeasy to build just drive on route 347 in smithtown ny on your way to the hamptons this weekend and see it
Build the Wall!
Secure the Fence Act 2006? Obama, Clinton, Schumer and 23 and Democratic senators voted in favor passed in the Senate by a vote of 80 to 19
If we can pay Iran a freaking plane full of cash, we can build a wall.
Does it matter most Americans want the border secure or just potential illegal dem voters are happy?
19 Million get free Healthcare while 300 Million get screwed with absurd premiums, and UNaffordable healthcare.  Makes sense.
No Damn Wall
who cares about the border wall. if he builds it he builds it
I agree with Chuck and @NancyPelosi @nancy please keep fighting against this mad man. @realDonaldTrump @SenWarren don't give up.
Progressive Liberals continue to be like the communist party of the USSR hurting most citizens! It must stop!
You say there are more effective ways to do so! Why haven't these methods been implemented? Party over people you're so pathetic 
You sure can't come up with any on the level reasons can you CHUCK SCHUMER?
The cartel gunfights needs to be on public safety
THE WALL IS DOA!!! NOT GOING TO HAPPEN
Its all about PUBLIC SAFETY chuckie!
Got enough MS13 yet chuckie?
This fence is leaking chuckie
Getring the message chuckie?

Public safety chuckie, its all about public safety!
Please do what you can to stop Trump from waisting our money on rediculous campaign promises which is what this is all about. Don't allow
Chuckles you dont control the Senate do you? The American people spoke build the wall.
Hypocrisy
Plus it's a stupid idea supported by stupid racist white nationalists. Other than that, it's ok.
I'm trying to figure out what side of the river they'd build it on. WE OWN HALF THAT RIVER! Do we forfeit our half or sell it to pay for it?
Who cares what it costs?  This is to make are children and grandchildren safer
http://freedomdaily.com/marine-border-warning/ ….    We want the wall.
From these posts by Trumps supporters we see why he got so many votes they are downright stupid&don't know how to read facts
I mean #1 should be #5 but whatever
So instead you would rather pay for illegals school, healthcare and housing. How does that make sense?
Do us a favor and work. You guys are all caught up in self importance sometimes it seems the most un-American people are our own Government
#10 we rather tax dollars go sanctuary cities
#8 there are other ways to secure the border, we just  don't know what they are#9 our job is to make trump fail#10
Schumer lies! The left doesn't care about keeping drugs,criminal illegals & dangerous MS-13 gangs out of US. Wake up America,Trump does care
You are still obstructing? Gorusch. You lost. Sessions=lost. Election lost. Your re-election? A lost cause, same as your fake tears.
Then why did you vote for it in 2006? #liar #disgrace #crooked #initforyou
Check Schumer's positions over the years. History shows he was always wrong, lying, or totally hipocritical
@GenioShow
BUILD THE WALL.  WE WANT THE WALL.  BUILD IT.
If you don't fund border wall how about a new idea. Don't spend the money anywhere else. Give it back to the people. Dem only want to spend
ah yes. The Art of the Deal. @POTUS just confirmed the loss of additional congressional seats currently held by Democrats. We want the wall.
I, citizen taxpayer, is willing to help pay for that wall. We trust @realDonaldTrump Congress? Not so much.
remember this?1.4B in campaign money to lose election. As we see money being thrown at elections, then we are compelled to vote against them
You have no message beyond hating the other side. What is your plan for the American people. @POTUS plan is loud and clear. You hide behind
smoke and mirrors. #MAGA #TheWall
Indeed!  Ad costly.
Stop your jawboning. You dimms had plenty chances to secure border but elected not to. Time to move. We do not negotiate with blackmailers
CHUCK TELL US PRAY TELL US THE EFFECTIVE WAYS TO SECURE THE BORDER.?WITHOUT A WALL?ONE COMES TO MIND=SHOOT THEM.???
schumer,you're the pointless waste of taxpayer money
build the wall period
Why don't you just shut up
The border wall would be monument to racism.  You left that out.
when obama asked for it you supported it. But you only supported it because it was worthless under Obama. #demsoutoftouch.
And that's why you keep losing elections. Always on the wrong side of the illegal immigration debate.
You would give the entire rio grande river back to Mexico..it's a natural border. It floods up to 30 ft per year..make sense?

Bunch of non Americans
Chuck you are all lost! Watching @TomPerez rant and scream vulgarities proves this there are no policies no direction
They'll just parachute in ... there must be better ways of tackling the problem.
You wired for it
Has a real study been done, other means investigated (tech, more personnel on border)? Where is results?
The Democratic party must not comply with Donald Trump's disastrous border wall deal, it puts the economy at risk and it hurts the taxes.
Kind of hypocritical statement since Obama raised our debt to 20 trillion dollars. Really great for our children and grandchildren.
Trump is off to a great start. Border crossings are way down since inauguration day...
know for sure CA ppl will go stand there any bulldozers nobody wants his damn wall
Trump will bury this cost within future budgets, everyone will have moved on & forget about it or excuse it. Taxpayers will pay for the wall
It is racist it is innefective & it will be replaced by more of what is there: safari hunters killing people for sport.
Vote against it and border security and ensure the loss of more dems in 2018. We did this in 1986 and are SICK OF IT!
So. Dem's aren't in control anymore. The People have spoken! YOU need to come to Repubs for your socialist agenda. Good luck A-hole!
6. Latinos decided they no longer want to come and live and work here because of, well, Trump.
@LynneMPatriot although some of HIS VOTERS live in the path, I would hope he build right through their living rooms?
Yep. Get out the demolition equipment! Goodbye Rio Grande
@LynneMPatriot exactly.  Don't approve this mess
Reinstall the Boarder Tariff tax. the wall will save lives were the Mexican Coyotes take $$ from the illegals were they could get a attorney
Take the locks off your home &remove your fences &allow anyone who wishes to move into your property. So your Open doors
Your salary is a pointless waste of money.
Sen Schumer you must get your senate colleagues on both sides of the aisle to keep us from getting into a war.Partisanship must have limits.
#ChuckSchumer - your lack of embracing the wall is exactly why you and the #DNC are going to continue to lose votes.  #WeNeedTheWall
Fight *45 tooth and nail on this. #NoBorderWall
Senator blah blah you would find any excuse to oppose Trump A few years back you voted for the wall  please please stop this Americans first
You should've made these points during the general election.
.  Do you think taking money from Medicare for Medicaid is fair?
Get along Chuck...be nice like Amy
1)Dems apprvd Wall when Obama was President 2) direct pymt by Mexico not expected 3) Amer. elected Trump 4) use all methods
Respectfully, Senator Schemer, Donald Trump is a pointless waste of taxpayer money and a shameful example of the human species.
 no here's  why because you don't  want Trump to fulfill his promises. & you love America being destroyed  = Obama
The money will be well spent if you all impeach his ass and investigate him and Russia along with  sending his ass out the door for TREASON
1. Mexico will pay for it through reduced aid. 2. There is a plan and bids are being taken on its construction. 3. Where on your entitlement
Programs? Lining your own pockets? 4. What others ways have you championed? What more of the same? Open borders isn't that your platform?
5. What has stopped you in the past?? We are talking about a fence and a road. How much land will that take. Compensate them or
Trade out land for acreage else where or/and both. The truth is these are just excuses Schumer!! You just want to keep the country
Have another glass of Kool Aid Chuck.
Trump forces things by sheer ego. Democracy has to force back.
dealers, and paying medial bills through insurance for people addicted to drugs.
