wow extreme denial there are 4 investigations #trumprussia & the email thing is over
6 months and u have no evidence. when do we call it fake news?
Yeah, except he didn't.  And Comey even testified under oath that it never happened.  Grasping for straws.
Agreed...It will require a lot of courage to face down the Democrat leadership, the violent #Resist movement to reveal the truth of nothing
We are not violent We are trying 2 save our country from elites who plan dismantle it for their own pleasure Healthcare, schools, internet..
Then u r on wrong team. Democrat is party of elites. Academics. Bankers. Lawyers. Lobbyists. Gvmt lifetime bureaucrats over 95% Dems
And someone the Dems want or we'll not play. Same old story.. the more they do this the more they become irrelevant.
Shut up schumer
The New FBI director should be handcuffing serving an #Indictment to #HillaryClinton 
Certainly none of these;
Unless its a deep state progressive. Woo hoo CNN the tabloid on your tv. You can still fail!
The new Director should go after the press and the democrats.
Schumer hypocrisy is monumental and must be logged for posterity into Guinness world records book.
Yeah!!!!! Right!! Keep dreaming, Chuckie!
Obstruct! No politicians and no new director without an independent investigation into Russia collusion!
Oh, you mean someone totally unlike you & your liberal hacks-You all go down next election! @potus @TEN_GOP
And someone who won't cover for Hillary
New fbi director will LOCK UP corrupt politicians like you andrew cuomo eric SCHNEIDERMAN kristen gillibrand anthony weiner and clintons ETC
Schumer and CNN.  Now that's a match made in heaven.  Both as dishonest as the day is long
Trey Gowdy is the only one completely qualified for this position.
and his first course of action should be #investigating @SenSchumer for #nazi ties. there is no evidence, i know, but that doesn't matter
wait, I think we need a special prosecutor to dive deep into this "smoke" about @SenSchumer being a devout #nazi, no evidence, but thats ok.
The president job is to choose, we don't need your twisted input
Like Comey was in Obamas admin. And Lynch. Didn't hear a dems asking for special prosecutor then
I'll never  vote  democrat again!
Did Trump have a good reason to fire decent Mr Comey? Who ever is picked for FBI Director, I am sure Trump will try to get close to him..
You seem to think we need you? Forgot about your precious Nuclear option that your party fought for to use? Youre an invalid Chuck!
Do you know how many conservatives Obama appointed?
"Not a partisan" means an HRC supporting hardcore leftist.
CNN shit and chuck  part of this shit
When does the investigation into Schumer's close ties to Russia begin?
Thank you!! I couldn't agree more!!
Chuckie would rather "blackmail" the American people by holding off on a FBI DIRECTOR TO GET LEFT AGENDA OF unnecessary special prosecutor
Guess what crying chuck? It will be who ever POTUS wants it to be, you don't have a dam thing to say about it. Hope It's Trey Goudy.!!!
You stupid brain dead Chuck start working for the America people okay, you are so one way ass-hole get over it Hillary bitch loss , okay.
@SenSchumer a real JOKE!
Your afraid Mr @TGowdySC will get in. He won't let Americans down. He'll do the job RIGHT!
@realDonaldTrump 
#Hypocriticalsnake #chucksucks
@SenSchumer U R NOT correct. New FBI director has to be a law enforcement person w/proven track record of arrests/convictions of lawlessness
How about @SenJohnMcCain 
I doubt #Swamp45 will propose an acceptable FBI head.
The Senator is closest to credible GOP I can think of
Someone with courage means able to drag this witch hunt out for 3/12 years, minimum.
Schumer and Dems refuse to appoint an #FBI Dir unless thy get their way putting partisan politics above America's safety. Stop playing games
Non partisan means Left of Putin..
In other words, not Merrick Garland.
When are you going to stop all of this partisan crap and get to work for the people.Americans are tired of obstruction.
I guess I missed that when we had a democratic president or maybe you just forgot to mention it
First thing cheaters do is blame the other for cheating. Chuckle the obstructor
That would exclude any Republican, maybe an independent would be a good fit?
Chuckie says no matter who is up for job dems will not support. Anyone, how weak I'd chuckle. Obstruct with NO solution. Dems need chuck out
What a biased person you are, you care nothing for our country, what are you thinking ? we need to investigate these leaks, very dangerous
Leave MCCABE there. No Drama Trump! For a f*cking change.
So,someone who is not like James Comey, a democrat sympathizer.
They should give U no say in FBI Director.Part of a cover up? U are deplorable n have 0 credibility. I'm ashamed U represent our State.LOSER
Shouldn't be partisan, but he should be a Democrat right Chuck
Courage enough to investigate real #Russia ties to @HillaryClinton @johnpodesta.

I totally agree. Trump thinks he can nominate the guy who will investigate him. HA! It's idiotic to believe we would go for that one.
It just came out that schumer wont confirm new FBI director unless special pros in selected for russia?So its politics again,and safety.
SCHUMER IS HOLDING NEW FBI OVER OUR HEADS BY SAYING NO NEW DIRECTOR NOW UNLESS SPECIAL PROS IN HIRED FOR HIS FAKE rUSSIA/TRUMP STORY?
So we are basically looking at a partisan, who is a newbie and a coward? Cause that's what Trump would want to hire
Schumer you mean like the INTERFERENCE WHEN HRC WAS BEING INVESTAGATITED, & WHEN SEN DEMS WERE SCREAMING & DEMANDING COMEY TO BE FIRED!
Oh BUT we forgot that is ACCEPTABLE FOR U Sen Dems! Always what and when it FITS THE SEN DEMS AGENDA & What is in in 4 the Sen Dems!!
Chuck, you are a transparent snake. You're gonna milk this Russian fantasy until the last ashes of your integrity, waft away. #Trump


That's why it's going to be Trey Gowdy!
In other words, not a Repub.
So I guess that rules out a Democrat!
@SenSchumer what you need to do is be working fixing the Healthcare, help create more job. help lower the gas prices, wasting time on Russia
PROOF OF Fast/Furious-IRS Attacks-Benghazi-Illegals-Uranium deal(RUSSIA)-Iran deal! Not ONE call for SPECIAL INVESTIGATOR from Dems!
No shit.
ask him why the FBI hasn't bren allowed to look through their entire party to find the LINK to RUSSIA? oh i forgot you are FAKE NEWS!
In other words Mr. Schumer you mean a director that will further cover-up the illegal activities of democrats and republicans.
Resign Schumer.
just keep crying.
You don't get a vote.
Trey Gowdy!!!
What are you afraid a Trump appointed FBI Director will find?
Shut up Chuck!!
Most of these comments are negative towards cryin Chuck and his opinion. When will @CNN learn they will go down with the liberal party.
This guy is a phony, fake tears sob. #maga
#SchumerIsScum!
Oh yeah someone who can go after you Obama hillary pelosi water warren and now retired reid
PC democrats always think they have the moral high ground when actually they represent the most evil things in our society! Advice BS!
You are creepy! How did you get elected? Think your appearance reflects your moral depravity, ethical relativism & legal questionability!
@potus what the New FBI director should be is of Trump's choosing and I hope he or she is so far right that the left cry for 6 elections
Me me. I'm neutral. I think constant negative news have no business in media
SCHUMER needs to rethink his plastic surgeon
I sure hope the fake Russian crybaby Dems drop it after new FBI guy kills investigation
Why you already stated you wouldn't vote for a FBI director anyway
Stop obstructing . You are ruining our country. Pull your big boy pants on and start working for the good of our Country!!!!
biggest crybaby I ever have seen. If you so worried about Russia then let the FBI look into the DNC servers but wait there is no russia.
Thanks Chuck that's brilliant!!! Not partisan with you, Warren and your progressive liberal socialist ideology??? Impossible!!! Wake up
right on, shihead...
Get out of the way ML or you'll get run over.  Your no match for the POTUS. You are a member of the swamp people. POTUS will DTS.
Schumer, do you think Comey was "non a partisan"? Review his history with the Clintons, he is a political cop! We know it, why don't you?
Oh he knows it. Washington is all inbreds. The joke is on the American people
so mad comey got fired yet you demand a person with opposite qualities of comey. Weird
Thank God I didnt go to Harvard or Yale Law. Embarrassment.
When the Trump "cult" leader says jump, Trumpetts only ask how high. Be careful cult leaders often suck the life out, and demand more.
You better hope not Chuck, you might have some dirt on you like the last administration,#yourProtectorIsGone#HappyMothersDay!
We ALL knew who Jeff Sessions was when he was confirmed. Coretta Scott King and Ted Kennedy told us. So did Elizabeth Warren.
You are the most partisan person,in Congress.Keep up the lies.Dems are doomed and will continue..You can take the credit
ANYONE WHO BELIEVES THE RUSSIAN'S INFLUENCED THIS ELECTION IS "SMOKING CRACK" @tedcruz @JohnCornyn PURE POLITICS. LETS MOVE ON W/O THE DEMS.
You just confirmed that Comey was partisan, inexperienced and lacked courage. Is this a breakthrough?
There isn't a futhermucker alive right now that Chump Schumer would vote for FBI director as long as @POTUS is the one who nominates he/she.

Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
And when you're fired from your seat, the next senator should be non a partisan, experienced and tells the truth
LOOSER SCHUMER ONLY INTERESTED IN SAVING HIS JOB WHILE AMERICANS WERE LOOSING THEIRS.  YOU WASHINGTON HACK!
Schumer you're so smart why don't you start investigating Comey
Obviously.......
Disturbing how Contraversal these Fundimental Qualities are to so many commenting here.
That's right Senator and no interference from ANY NATIONAL SOCIALISTS DEMOCRATS  either
But we know  it will be someone who will be 'loyal' to leader in chief .  Stay woke !
You had that. Now you'll get who he wants & nothing anyone will or can do
In other words NOT a partisan, hypocritical hack like yourself.
The Other Senate Jester has spoken.Did you and Barney  collude on this.
Schumer I hope you and the hateful ppl that are like you see the light one day soon.. God is the light he loves you more than anyone wakeup
Fortunately, other than rhetoric, he has no say about any person selected. Just running his mouth with no power.
Won't happen, pockets are already lined. No fairness, no trust, no honesty. I have serious issues with our government at this point.
Schumer you are one creepy dude!
SCHUMER YOUR THE Biggest LIAR IN Congress!!!!!!!!!!
Same goes for our Supreme Court, but WE all know that's false. I'm afraid that the US will have another civil war to set things straight
Here we go again. More nonsense. Gowdy for FBI Director. Maybe now hopefully Hillary will be indicted and help clean up the corruption
We don't need another Comey do we!!!
In other words he the new director should have never heard of the Democratic party. Schumer is all mouth and the Dems are irrelevant
Gene Hackman, it is.
@SenSchumer
Thank you
With courage to wiretap US citizens and lie about right. Just like this Sen who has courage to embarrass self everyday on CNN
Hell, who would have thought such a person exist!!! Definitely not in DC. Be what you expect from others Chuck!!
Someone unlike you, huh!
In other words - no @GOP need apply.
And MOST importantly NOT in your back pocket Chucky-boy! Don't forget YOU really DON'T have a say since you DON'T have the majority LOL.
I truly hope it is someone with courage. If so, Hillary will be in big trouble.
Boring
But calling his acts atrocities,  he should be mad.  Maybe he knew more than the rest of us, & his actions were driven by right conscience.
IM SURE CNN IS BACKING SCHUMERS BOGUS REMARKS ..SHOW EVIDENCE OR DROP IT ..WE KNOW IT WAS A DEM MADE UP STORY TO DISSCREDIT PRES TRUMP
About the old FBI,  he made a mistake perhaps driven by political pressure, perhaps driven by fake media "pizzagate" and so forth.
51 votes and you can't do a thing about it. If that doesn't work then @SenateMajLdr could just call a recess and in 10 days Trump appoints.
Nobody involved in selecting our next FBI Director asked you, #CryinChuck
Good luck with that.
What you really mean is left leaning dem stooge
Schumer is the pot calling the kettle black go back to New York and have lunch with corrupt Hillary
you are correct now take your own advice and re open Clinton investigation bet it turns out different bipartisan
Well when will this happen
Merrick Garland
And someone not afraid to go after Hillary and the DNC for rigging the DNC primary
Will that person want to work in this admin. That's the million dollar ? I think you have to be crooked to work w him.
New FBI director needs to investigate YOU only problem is being a complete pile of  isn't a crime. #MAGA #DRAINTHESWAMP #OUTWITHCORRUPTION
Honesty, Integrity and No Blind Loyalty to Trump!
