With @RepJohnLewis on Capitol steps fighting #Trumpcare. Health care is a human right. Join us & watch live: http://cor.bo/2tdFiny 
By winning you mean golfing and wasting taxpayer money right
You seem really upset you know you can unfollow me right
You're really mad dude you can unfollow it's fine
You seem really upset you can unfollow if I'm triggering you
I lost all respect 4 @TheDemocrats party! U lost me as one ..never will i vote democrats again and i voted 4 Trump! Lies & most corrupt ever
Single payer would kill so many less people. So would our end to imperialistic bombings around the world. Don't "resist," do something.
Single payer will actually kill more people. More people will be denied treatment and care due to being too old or comorbidities.
...to death rates, and overall costs for U.S. multiplayer system. Empirical data shows how wrong you are.
Unfortunate
Well isn't that just ironic?  "Thank you Senator for screwing us before but glad you're fighting our cause now".  To Libs. Don't you get it?
Liberals are just the most unintelligent bunch of double standard lunatics ever.
Truly a great American
He's a great American. Let me guess you don't live in NY
has this devil trump put a spell on U ?  What kind of person puts trump on this pedestal?  Are you ok? He is the father of all lies
No one needs to put a spell on people that know how to read and are being played byntbe Democrats that pretend to be for the working class
Please, look for the truth in what I say. I reiterate, are U ok ?  Put the good of the country before you give adoration to a cancer on USA
What part are you not understanding? I explained it in very simple terms. Schumer is a fraud! If you live in NY you understand. If you don't
understand, then I can see why you support him. This HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH TRUMP! Schumer has been a Sen for over 15 years.
America tune in to how the Dems take your money and do nothing to earn it. Think your boss would let you get away with the same? # fire them
Stop fighting the American people
When Trump lies, yell "You lie".  He needs to hear it
Now that CNN has been exposed for the Russia fake news, are you going to apologize to @POTUS and the Nation? #schumershouldapologize
yep, blah blah blah, lie, lie, hypocrisy, hypocrisy, lie, lie, blah, blah, fake tears, fake indian, blah, blah.  bags!
Shouldn't all you senators be working? The American people are getting sick and tired of you all never getting anything done!!#draintheswamp
@CoryBooker @repjohnlewis Healthcare has never been thru goverment except medicaid. Obama is the one who started this crap
@CoryBooker Will T-Bone be there?
Call out liars to be the liars they are
Come on, Chucky,  you need to get Hilary up there to talk about how"she persisted"and how it'd be different under her.
Oh,riiight 
She lost.
Thank you from the bottom of our hearts and wallets. We need healthcare to sustain the health of our country and the heart of our democracy.
Yeah well we never needed u to "fight!" We just wanted u to cooperate! Maybe come up w a solution but ur egos got in the way!
You're all liars each and every one of you's don't want to hear what you have to say anymore! What a disgrace my party had become .we r done
LMAO @ Booker and Lewis And Crying Chuckie. 3 far left liberals who were part of this HC mess. You created this mess
It was the Rrpublicans that wouldn't fix anything for 6 years. They just tried to repeal 58 times...
Who created this HC mess that we have now? The Libs. Neither side will work together. Don't blame one side that's BS and  you know it
It's all on Republicans now, Democrats were never this mean...
LMAO are you kidding me. They took HC from people who paid their own way and gave it to others for free.
How do you think car insurance works.  The more people, the cheaper the price. That's insurance..
And you do realize that Obama care needs a bail out? If ya don't believe just watch and see.
Obamacare helps mentally ill, handicapped, vets & seniors.  It needs to be fixed..Trumpcare sucks
Fighting what? Against a better America ? Start finding ways for people to get off governments programs than focusing on keeping them on.
@SenSchumer and @NancyPelosi can't endorse bill although I believe most democrats would.  That means @realDonaldTrump succeeds in #MAGA
That is the dumbest and most flawed logic I ever seen #dumbmeathead
What, Chucky,,your not "persisting"??
Just talking and "fighting"?
You're party is dead on arrival. You have screwed the American people. You are the reason for all the violence against America! Ignoramus!
All you people do is fight & obstruct
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., released a statement saying “the bill cuts $772 billion from Medicaid.”
From the CBO Medicaid spending would rise from $393 billion in 2017 to $464 billion in 2026—that’s a $71 billion, or 18 percent, increase.
Keep it up Chuckie  - lose another 1000 seats!
gonna pretend care, go all the way an bring a pasture, muslim religious leader take it to the next lvl that cant be denied, thats how u win
an make sure the media shows everything these leaders have to say about healthcare ... booom REP in checkmate
Instead of standing on the steps, sit down with republicans and work! All you know how to do is lie and obstruct! Obozocare sucks!
Schumer, What a joke.
Quit lying chuck
From the CBO, Medicaid spending would rise from $393 billion in 2017 to $464 billion in 2026—that’s a $71 billion, or 18 percent, increase.
We know you are fighting that's what liberals do hurt people and wreck stuff
. Keep it up, Chuck! We are counting on you.
Your not fight for me!!!!
Talking the democrats in to jail
But not doing much of the people's work. #GetOffYourSchumerAndGetToWork
Cryin Schumer looks like a little girl sitting on the Capital steps with legs crossed. Obamacare is collapsing & close ur legs.
Who cares Chuck!  We are STILL WAITING for your retractions & apologies for disseminating false CNN news that YOU HELPED CREATE!
You're waiting to do it all at once you say? ....... "crickets".  Ok, go ahead and apologize 2,655 times for each individual embarrassment!
Fighting 4 whom All ur special interest groups that make u & the rest of the dem party millionaires Cause it's not the working people
Thanks for fighting!It's hard to believe in a country as wealthy as ours that politicians are OK with watching citizens die from lack of HC!
What happened to you?  Liked u in NY, now you are sooooo partisan. Get Reat and realize americans dont agree with Dems.  Ever want to win?
GO @SenSchumer
Thank you for your leadership against this bill. We need health care, not tax cuts for the wealthy.
One thing I'll give You and Nancy, ..Chucky ....Your both good at talking, We all long for the Day that You do something good for the USA!
You mean obstructing
Fight on Chuckie..fight on!! BUT..what it's actually called is....OBSTRUCTION! But Fight on Chuckie!  It sucks being 'MINORITY..doesn't it!!
No it's not untill government got in to healthcare thair are things gov. Needs to stay out of
Could you stop fighting and work together.
Fighting for a replacement to bankrupt Obama-care?  How ineffective are you?! How about solutions instead of fighting.
Why Are 'Pro-Life' Republicans Pushing a Bill That Will Kill Tens of Thousands? #TuesdayThoughts
Obamacare has killed tens of thousands of people and clearly Dems didn't care. Dems are heartless professional politicians who are worthless
Hey you spelled #Obstructing wrong. #tcot
Are u going to lie and tell us that @POTUS is under investigation, again?
Schumer has been exposed for lying about FBI investigating POTUS. Now he can't be trusted on anything. Ppl must research info on their own.
#TrumpDoesntCare is how you should refer to the proposals being brought forth. Says it all. #trumpcare is a mischaracterization of the bill
Take a look at the CBO score of O Care then compare to what happend.  Stop bitching, get on the floor and debate a better bill #idiot sheesh
Because you and your party have ZERO answers.
Obstructionist-in-Chief.  Not a very nice moniker.  I hoped you'd be better than this.  No, you're not as nasty or violent as Reid.
Get off your ass & get to work my taxes pay your salary you work for me!
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah zero substance
I agree that the budget is filled with dumb cuts but Senator I feel that these cuts allow increased power over people Against democracy
You clown, if it was the best plan in the world you'd fight it. You love face time! You are an embarrassment to NY. Obstruct and smile
Fighting? You mean obstructing
BS, liar, Healthcare is NOT a right. Show me in the constitution where it says that Healthcare is a right! #SchmuckieChuckie
Quit fighting and do something about the issues we have in America instead of resistance this your doing now isn't working
Why are we fighting for something that should be a human right???
Because it's not a "human" right or any type of right. How can you people be so stupid as to not understand that.
The government might have to drop insurance. This is getting out of hand. 
What's your solution? I have written you about ins not affordable with real example. NO REPLY to my mail. Even called-again NO REPLY.
Hopefully it is raining all day while you are talking on the steps.
#Obstructionist The death of the Democrats.
If it is a human right then that includes a choice and a monetary penalty for not having it is not a free right.
Why don't you want Americans to have health care? Obamacare is done and was too expensive. This plan works better . Why can't you admit it?
You Democrats are so hateful, violent and aganist anything to make America Great Again!!
We are in this health care  mess because of the Dems. This is your mess. At least GOP is TRYING to fix it.All Dems do is protest - NO IDEAS?
Hey, instead of fighting why not try fixing the healthcare bill? Chuck I'm sure you suggest a few changes they would jump on it.
R u ready to resist by procedure & filibuster by amendment? #GOP wld have shut the gov down by now.
Health care is not a right.  It may be a need - but it is not a right!
The GOP plan is much like Ocare it's going to suck.
Instead of a right maybe people ought to get a job and earn their healthcare like I do
Well so do I and I still do not want to see anyone lose their health care
Also yours and mine are going up
Yrs ago when party lost. U had to wrk harder to get on comm to effect decisions for your constituents. Now Pol just OBSTRUCT. Both Parties
In case you miss it the President won you. Big mouth
Sorry. Had to go to extra work to pay my O'Care premiums. ;)
Is John Lewis Gonna play the Race Card?
Trumpcare? Nice try.
You fools should be talking and solving, not fighting!
Healthcare is not a human right because rights cannot be given by humans.
Keep government out of healthcare

Two corrupt political liars, thieves, & the rest of the lying leftists.
Healthcare is not a right. Unless we're in communist country
Snowflakes
DUDE ! Didn't u just get caught lying to the people. Stop while your ahead
You mean still crying and obstructing..
Theoretically speaking, if people decide they don't want to be Doctors, healthcare being "a right." Do we then force people to be Doctors!?
Keep fighting, Chuck!
Health care is not a human right, it's a privilege!! Im not paying for someone else to have coverage, that's socialism ass wipe!
If you have health insurance, it's almost certainly subsidized by the government

((( pathetic))) #CryingChuck
Go to work. Read the reports of failing  Ocare. Upstate n rural hospitals failing due 2low reimbursement. Get up off the steps & GO TO WORK
Chucky your next on the list we are coming for you to what part did you play in the corruption
Work together
@SenateFloor Talking is great but do U have to say still fighting? We didn't elect you to fight but to help draft legislation to benefit us
@CoryBooker 
Do unborn babies have any human rights Cory? Or its OK to just kill them with no regards?








it's the American Healthcare Act. 
Tit for tat game? We're over it.
 It's not Trumpcare.  #CoverAmericansHealthcareAct
I care :-)
Obama care has left people with insurance they can't afford.  States are left with one plan .  It's failing don't you all see that.
Fighting for what? Obama Care is dead and are all those babies you allowed to be murdered in planned Parenthood.  What else you want to f up
Omg will you actually do something for the American people and stop the obstruction.
Wouldn't join the likes of you posers. #Demexit
These are actual lives! And the jabs and grand standing is BS!
You need to take your job seriously. I'm so sick of the childish jokes and statements you make. Wolf ate 3 pigs and blew Grandma house down!
GET SOMETHING FOR NY! SO YOUR JOB! I'M ASHAMED I VOTED FOR YOU ALL THESE YEARS.------------–-------------------DO YOUR JOB! #fireschumer
Go away
Why don't you introduce a Single Payer amendment during reconciliation?
You are still obstructionists
If you would of just fixed the problems with obamacare you wouldn't of had to fight to keep it
@CoryBooker  you fraud!!  You took big pharm $$ and voted against cost cutting drug bill. You and Sen Murray both are lying hypocrites
No thanks old man
Quit fighting and work for the people. Obamacare is not medical care& will bankrupt the country. Single payer just faster.
Wish I could be there! Thank you Senator!
No sorry it's a privilege!
Keep it up!
Proud your my Senator @SenSchumer 
Wish I could be there. Fight on!
Losers
Chuck, I voted for you against Al D'Amato when I was living in Toronto. I watch you from Colorado and am so pleased with your work.
Still going now? I want to join.
TRUMP WON AGAIN!!HE JUST KEEPS WINNING.WE LOVE IT!!
@CoryBooker @repjohnlewis If you're fighting, you're losing. If you're in discussion, you're winning.
Trumpcare has to go down..
Senator Collins is voting no and wants to work with democrats.  Praise her publicly and offer to meet right away. Include her and others.
you guys remind me of a Laurel and Hardy movie...which one are you.
Ty keep going
Wasting more of our country's time...
Thank you senator!!  I have a disabled adult child who relies on Medicaid and disability.  We need to stop this at every turn.
So senator Obamacare will stay. And when it implodes, you are responsible.
U people are a disgrace . Election cycle is coming 
Shut up Chuck!!
In the Future, don't Vote for these Republicans!! with there Machiavellian ideas, and princables! They care not about the poor!
You will lose.... Chucky ! The lying is catching up with the demised Democrats !!!
Where can we get together in NY in solidarity??
I do not believe you honestly feel health care is a human right. Is that for all humans, or just American or anyone who get here .
Oh poor #chunkycheese bet you had tonnes tears today. What a phony haha. People are beginning to talk about your crimes. 9-0
Fighting for the unborn!
To keep people from having a better health care plan? Or for Abortion health care.  Don't use my money for that.
Go ahead wittle Chuckles you fight as hard as you can... no one believes you DC Dems anymore, you guy's  lied about Obamacare and it's over
