Hey Nutcase. We don't have privacy in this country. Gov has been spying on us for years. Intelligence agencies have been weaponized TERRIBLE
Hey Peenutcasebrain, "SELL". As in "for a profit". "Without your consent or a cut for you". Capisce? Wake up.
Is it better that you party spies on opponents? Shame on you.
Rice was doing her job. Period.
"she knows nothing"
Nothing surprises me with Trump! Horrible
now you really have to protect the dnc website or all your lies and cheating in the elections will be out there to see just like the lastone
it was ok for Obama to give our internet to the united nations I didn't hear a peep about it from you
Terrible? Worse than that Sir. The infrastructure for a surveillance state is nearly complete. Nothing could go wrong there.
Sent you a DM.
Hey Obama let Google and Facebook do it. So what the big deal? Dems arent getting a slice of the pie?
Hahahahahaha!  Good reply! I wish that I would have thought of it!
#Broadbandprivacy is essential to a free society. @realDonaldTrump doesn't care about freedom.
Obama gave it away for 7 YEARS of his Presidency.  Stop the drama and patronizing.  We all know u don't give a shit about our privacy.
Do you want his tax returns now!
Hey chucky, any comment on Susie rice yet? Looks like your mission is toasted! Hahahaha
What's terrible is having a self-serving "senator" like you obstructing the President of the United States of America, at every turn!
Ummm, Google, Yahoo, Microsoft, AOL don't sell my private stuff? Hahahaha, just another crap Obama EO gone.
VPN
Yeah we should have kept it with only Google and Yahoo being allowed to do it because they support you guys financially LOL
What a hypocrite. Don't hear a beep from you on Rice.
Yep, that's trump making America Groan again... Your fired! Or impeached...I guess that's trump being your voice... Invading your privacy.
You sound worried Chuck. Better start deleting your history old man.
Obama was giving our internet rights to the UN. You really have to work on the hypocrisy.
@POTUS is a putz. You know, we all know he is super unqualified to be Prez + he is passing legislation harmful to our environment.45 big poo
Where is your bill protecting Americans from this?  And why don't you care that Google and Facebook do this also?  #hypocrite
If 45's info is for sale or when it's for sale l want to buy it and conduct my own independent investigation. 
Yet there's no concern from you about illegal unveiling of US citizens!  My guess is you knew about the OBAMA illegal activities all along!
James Cordon, why do you continually alienate half of America with your liberal bias?  Please stick to fun instead of politics!
Yes I am a victim of identity theft. Maybe we need legal action against the ones that voted for it when new identity theft occurs 
I thought he vetoed the bill?
Do something!!
Hillary Clinton 
National secrets 
Home server
Shumer asleep at wheel
Wrong jerkwad!
OMG! Today my land phone no longer works and ATT has no record of acct after 40 yr customer w same #!! Hacking? Privacy gone?
Delete your browsing history every freaking HOUR!
It's unthinkable POTUS would throw the American ppl under the bus. Only explanation is he's foreign agent hell bent on destroying democracy
Is it weird my instant response is "Obama did WHAT!?".... and then I remember 
Just plain greed on the GOP side.It's time to start draining the swamp before it's too late.
Who possibly benefited from this ?
I know right?
Obama gave it away to FB and Google -- Trump is just making the playing field even. Get four facts straight.
The dems are into everyone's privacy every day. Aka trump for example. They will go down for it soon to jail with Schumer and palosi!!
POTUS's reversal EO did nothing...none of the one-sided favoring privacy practices from Obama's EO were even implemented yet.
#FAKEOUTRAGE
Please please make it stop.
Privacy  grow up there is no such thing.
This doesn't exclude the 45th #potus
Is the @POTUS reveling his browser history?? @SenateGOP
I'll tell you what's terrible! 60 million unborn children murdered in the womb! Do something about that, will you?!
It was Obama that gave away the internet registry
But no one cared that Hillary Clinton had an illegal server which was hacked. So, God heals America if we all do our jobs with honesty
Agreed. Anything bad for US citizens, he is all for it. Shameful and disgusting!
yes. exactly. Now when do we take this to court?
Its also hard to realize your own government is spying on you. But that isn't your priority right now. Is it #ChuckytheClown?
A Corporatist's dream. American people has no chance against this. We really vote away our right to exist? What more do they want from us?
Somewhat ironic.
give me a break your party has been spying on him &and illegally leaking ...clean up your side of the street
OBAMA WAS GOING TO DO IT AND I DID NOT HEAR YOU SAY A WORD
Bannon would use this information to rule us all as he used stolen voter reg data to cyberwhisper us into voting against our best interests.
making it easier for Russia.
@VP @CNN @MSNBC Amer having to wake up to chaos,destructive policies every single day.Our kids,families deserves better.
Agreed!!
You don't think for a minute that GGoogle, Facebook and others haven't already been doing that, do you? SMDH
They are terrible people. Awful disgusting thoughtless selfish greedy lying people.
Chuckie WE SEE RIGHT THROUGH YOU ...... like a piece of GLASS . Weak - No message- 
Chuck believes only the Government is allowed to spy on us.
Yes and he HATES it when he thinks his privacy/calls has been invaded. Have at us "little people."
It's hard enough to live everyday  without you and Pelosi running your two sided story every minute of the day. Relax!! Help The People  N/U
DO YOUR JOB!
You Never tell the truth!!  There are so many safeguards and existing laws to protect all consumers & businesses. You twist & twist & twist
Chuck keep digging Trump is a crook
Obama gave it away via Google and other Obama friends. This new act levels the playing field.
Please take back the senate so we can end this madness!
#wrong #bigly #WeDeserveBetter #RecallThemAll  #PeopleBeforeParty
After the scam your party is caught in no one has privacy except the select Washington elite.
Your a disgrace to all Americans @SenSchumer
They didn't give it away.  Lots of $$ changed hands to get them to vote away our privacy.
About as horrible as the man who started the no SCOTUS in last term year in '07 can't take his own medicine. Get ready for Gorsuch!
Ur out of info again cry baby
So now that @POTUS has given our privacy away - HIS Internet usage should be the first sold & published for all of us to see
It's ok chuckle, if you stay of the kiddie porn sites nobody will know.
Impeach all of them
That should be mine to sell. If they are going to do this, without our consent, we should get party of the profit!!! Bad deal .@POTUS
Lol, but it's ok if Rice spies on opposing party for no good reason ? Right Chuckie?
Schumer you and your Democrats STOP your childish temper tantrum. Admit Hillary was a bad choice. You would have been so much better.
Schumer go nuclear on Trump! Mitch is a potz & GOP has no balls to stop, impeach, allows I & J in WH
I guess that means WE THE PEOPLE can buy Trump and his Cronies info! #CountryOverParty
oh yeah, what did Rice & other obummer pipe rats collect & leak to all the cancer leftovers in every Gov dept, every lvl
It should be criminal!!!
Chucky is your pie hole lubed up for Friday? My advice, bend over,close your eyes and take it like the coward that u r
Chuck all you've ever done in your career is put NY in debt in the millions. The Dems used our resourced against us and for your profit! 
Please don't let that happen
They aren't giving it away, they're making it available to sell 
GOP greed & Trump a powerful tool for nationwide vetting. Just a heads up.

we have to fight against these unnecessary intrusions of our privacy rights
We want to see Trumps And President Bannons and Vice President Kushner's also! #TrumpRussia #GOP Greed #SlipperySlope
Hey Puppet, how come U R not screaming about Citizens Privacy Rights? U do know lying Susan was spying on Americans 4 political purposes?
It's worse when the gov uses their power to illegally surveil innocent Americans. Where's ur concern about privacy there?  Politics. 
Again to have YOUR president and dusk U.K. Susan Rice take away personal privacy is terrible.  Right?  Of course but mums the word 
It is atrocious. The current occupants of the WH and the current GOP majority are apparently in league to destroy our democracy.
Gives away our privacy yet refuses to show his taxes. Curiouser and curiouser...
This is unbelievable and unacceptable
Terrible, but hardly surprising.
Why is this administration in concert w Congress waging war on the American people? What have we done to deserve these attacks from our gov?
It's hard enough to avoid having your private conversations remain private, but to have a shit head corrupt senator listen & spread is EVIL!
How's this even legal? Who's allowing this? We citizens need to refashion our govt as it's not working for us anymore.
Tell us about Hacking & Spying Chucky Boy Sounds like your Boy Obama and his Girl Susan Rice did a lot of Hacking. Hope they like Prison!
Yup and you respect the privacy of the American people.. Not!.. Proof is out there
Let's talk about Susan Rice!
Another reason why @SenateDems ALL need to #Obstruct everything this bunch of criminals is trying to pass. PS - tell Manchin we're watching.
I hope the trolls target Trumps "very bad" internet activity and make it public! 
That's why the #RussiaTrump must be turned over to a Special Prosecutor and entire trump administration removed #Revote
Political speak (George Orwell)-How did RICE get unmasking intel on opposition party during n after a PRESIDENTIAL election u political hack
Better than obama, Susan rice, and dnc.
Can opt out of showing your location. Google Facebook & Twitter already apply ads to what you have been browsing now others can do same.
Oh, So Chuck it's okay for the Democrat Communist Party to illegally conduct surveillance on American citizens. We know your game Chuck!
It's privacy for sale. And they have an issue with (legal) unmasking? This is unmasking deluxe.
Another reason we MUST fight tooth & nail to block Gorsuch. A responsible SCOTUS will rule this as Unconstitutional invasion of privacy.
Well tax payers know how it rolls in DC if GOP & trump fam can make a buck they would sell r mothers 2 Apparently they can do what they want
It appears that Susan Rice did it anyway, no warrant, not even in connection w/ #Russia interfering in #USA #Election2016 #USPolitics #OYWAY
News flash!  This is already the case.  All social sites R tracking & creating a user profile. This information is already shared. Stop hype
Agreed!
Anybody using social sites is already being tracked!  If u use an APP that U did not pay 4, they are using you.  Stop all the hype.  Liars
Can we sue trump?
Wow are we surprised. Just line up all the protections they take away for the next few elections.
What can we do? Seriously?
You need to give up trying to make something of this. The @dnc has signed off on more American freedoms than @POTUS will have time for.
You lose again!
The continuation of a death by a thousand cuts.
Don't understand how U all can let this happen? Trump is trying to Destroy everything this country has worked so hard and long to accomplish
Late to the party Chucky?   Google, Facebook, and Twitter have already sold off our online privacy.
They will be the first to cry "foul" when they realize they are not exempt!
Its especially hard to avoid being hacked when Democrats use the full force of US intelligence agencies to spy on you for political gain.
sounds like Chucky is afraid he might show up on Anthony Weiner's frequently visited list. Chucky, does Huma have pictures of you in drag?
Why are 7 Dems voting for Gorsuch!?  Who are they? We need to know BEFORE VOTE, not after!
Too late! Obama surveillance of ordinary ppl without us knowing! #privacyingeneral
It's all about money.
They're not GIVING it away, they're SELLING it!!
it will be a commonplace occurance
No, they already have it
What did you do to stop it???
What kind of lies are you perpetuating now?
What do you have to hide Senator? A closet Anthony Weiner?
You mean SELL our #broadbandprivacy. It's actually Broad Band Piracy.
You need to fire whoever tweets for you. Or at least teach them how to research.
But it is ok for Obama to Hack Trump.
Where is your outrage that Obama Administration was spying on Americans?
@LouDobbs
@FoxBusiness
@jennybethm
@MorningsMaria
Maybe Snowden is forgiven if he can find proof of actual top hidden-doubleface-respected-Muslim-leader who creates any-kind-of-terrorist
I certainly hope NY is willing to step up and protect their people.
So they are free to sell it to Russia.
No, you wait on leaks-but no you are privy to those transcripts way before us! What a joke you are @SenSchumer
Why would he do this? I guess my question is who will benefit from this?
Now the truth - Schumer was referring to the Obama admin! Do u know Susan Rice? Catch up Chuckie.
Obama was the king at spying, but u never said anything then. That proves u are just playing evil politics, shaddup all ready ur annoying
Susan Rice abused her power.
This puts them on the same playing field as Google and Facebook. YOU SCAM THE PUBLIC EVERY DAY. WHY ARE YOU COMPLAINING!
You don't care. You are a political winthrop
this is Chuck playing to the base
He is doing so much diversion that the media is missing the Garbage getting passed!
That includes their privacy as well, right?
Psalm 69:28 you are them and this is my prayer for you.
Agreed. How much $$ will their ISP want for their data? Wait. Did they think they were exempt?!?! #Broadbandprivacy #CriticalThinking
You're so full of it, as usual.
Then quit watch porn Schumer !
So much for watching online Porn. Watch for DVD's and Magazines to make a big comeback. 
It was Obama who sold us out. Where were you when that was happening? Did you just wake up? Get a clue, this is not new.
