The Senate MUST kill this repeal!
Most of them don't work. Creat jobs for them. We are tired of paying for those whom can work
This is disgusting! Claudia Tenney voted for it. She will serve only 1 term. Vote these republican morons out of office
That the 24 million that payed the fine under Obama care. Not everyone in America believes you BS
There are over 30 million Americans uninsured today because we can't afford the costs. Thank you GOP 4 fixing this disaster
Trump using the President to line his pockets
Chucky is going to have a heart attack!  He didn't care that 30 million fewer Americans had insurance that blew up!
Are you talking about the same 24 million that opted to pay the fine instead of enrolling in ObummerCare!
Many reports on states where HC choices down to one, tenuous at best that there will be any choice. How is that better than a new plan?
Dems don't seem to like rules. Can't even abide by a time clock.
HITLER KILLED 6,000,000 JEWS.  TRUMP AND RYAN KILL 25,000,000 AMERICANS.  MORTICIANS WILL MAKE $250,000,000,000.00 FROM THE TRUMPCARE BILL.
I wish you cared about hard working long Islanders that suffer with #lirr as much as you do this health care bill.
I hope passing AHCA makes you cry again
Chuckie, my wife just priced Obama unaffordable coverage $1050,/mo, $7600. deductible, at 64yrs old how is that affordable! @SenSchumer POS!
healthcare is NOT a right, you nimrods
They currently have an insurance card but can't afford care due to deductibles that's not insurance Chuck
So you quote the CBO which has never been correct. Sounds like fake news. If you cared, you would request or demand reliable methodology.

24 million that I won't have to pay for ! Doing All I can do to pay for mine !
Stop ur lying to the American ppl.
LIE
Remember Obamacare screwed 85% of the people to insure 15%, how did that work out. Oh and don't forget Ins. bailout clause in Obamacare.
As if they don't already. They don't care because they're not the ones in the firing line.
How many illegal immigrants will lose coverage? Tine for all the lazy bums on welfare time to get a job!!
By their own choice you piece of dung
And they don't have it now and many more losing it because Obama care is a complete failure by design
20 Million currently don't have insurance under #Obamacare
hopefully you are the 1 of the 24 million
just shut up
Where does your 24 million come from? BS
First STOP calling it trumpcare,  makes people think its insurance like medicare when it is NOT, it is a piece of legislation. Second, BS
Talking points from Dems are always lies.  No reason to believe habitual liars.
YOU & @SenGillibrand have 0 credibility on healthcare! You KNEW plans would cancel & price would increase under Ocare! #liar
Please stop these maniacs!
NICE TO JUDGE WHEN YOUR EXEMPT FROM HEALTHCARE WE ARE FORCE  TO HAVE
They are KILLING people
damn, drink???
This is heartbreaking. So many will suffer.
you just want the taxpayers to pay for insurance for the 24 million leeches. I got your number chucky. Let them pay themselves!
Hope some day you find yourself in the position of the leeches-- it will be educational.
why should I, or anyone else have to pay for their insurance? They're not our responsibility.
my question...why is  government sticking their nose in my business? I don't need you dictating my insurance. Stay out of it!
If u screw balls would have done it right in the 1st place we wouldn't be in the mess we're in now all Dems plan and trying to blame others
you mean the 24M who are now Medicaid freeloaders and will now have to pay for  their own coverage.
it is NOT the government's responsibility to provide health insurance or health care.
Yes it is. At least that's how the civilized world (to which we no longer belong) sees it.

Lies
I pay out of pocket for routine care and have ins for catastrophic.... I save a fortune on premiums!
They all should forward their medical bills to their representatives.
Thank you
We need healthcare that works for EVERYONE. Thank you for doing what's right for America and not just the GLOBALIST ELITES. #VoteNoACHA
Evil GOP almost deserve to see what would happen if the repeal passes. Horrific stories of people sick and dying. Good luck in 2018!
Let's see, well over 300m population in US, so around 7 percent? That's pretty dam good for a country that isn't yet socialist.
Remember Trump, Ryan and the GOP on Election Day. Trumpcare is self serving and will kill more people then the 9/11 and 12/7/1941.

Let's stop listing everybody it screws, cut to the chase, and just list those it DOESN'T screw:    The Super-Rich.
See, much easier.
And how about my special needs son, who gets much needed in school therapies, and likely would never have spoke without them?
Trump supporters will love losing their healthcare.
50% of the population have pre-existing conditions.
When sexual assault, or a previous C-section, are pre-existing conditions, the expansion of the term means a whole lot more than 50%
Chucky Chucky when will you stop fake news your mommy didn't teach you to tell truth. Your daddy would have given you a lot of spankings
If not more. AND higher rates & fewer necessary services.
: idiot
yes,yes you are
PLEASE DON'T LET THEM KILL US!!!! HELP THEY ARE NOT PRO LIFE!!!  @SpeakerRyan @CNN @ABC @IvankaTrump @ABCPolitics
Illegal aliens are not entitled so this number doesn't matter.  They should be off the rolls. @realdonaldtrump @FoxNews
There will be a special corner of hell reserved for the cowards who have worked so hard to deny people basic health coverage. #VoteNoAHCA
Added money for pre-existing conditions pool would mean about $1.00/mo per person over 5 years.  Who the hell is that going to help?
@gop you know this could be fixed so just fix what's there and everyone wins. This is another tragic bill that fixes nothing!!!
Yea right bullshit talk that's all u lefties do tell the truth just once
ok I'm a t and this is nothing @POTUS promised. Bless you anyway
I'm tired of paying for other peoples health care!!!!
Giving "power" back to the people is ultimately saying they don't care whether someone gets covered or not. Extremely selfish.
Pls. let everyone know that the repub congressmen have exempted themselves from pre-existing condition clause. Important. Tnx.
Responsible Reps can save theACA,  to get further development via the win-win way, for the common good and for mutual benefit.
This is an act of violence committed by the rep party vs the American people!
Senator please fight against this monstrosity if it reaches you guys. It is NOT a good bill.
Truth tellin' - plain and simple! .@GOP u will suffer for this in 2018! .@HouseGOP .@SenateGOP #resist
Awww you mean 24 million illegals won't get it.  My heart bleeds
illegals are eligible. Please go get an education
