The literally just released it! You haven't even had time to real the whole thing ....
Literally doesn't take long to figure out what is going on
So you can not read something and know what it says .... since when?!??
Beeatch I am not Donald trump I can read and understand
What I said was, it just came out. How did you knew what it said if you didn't read it?
Once again I READ IT! Perhaps my news force was faster than yours
Scumi give it a rest....same thing same old ideas from you
There's a small part of me that wants this bill to pass just to watch the effect hit the Repubs HARD. Only prob is it hurts us ALL! *sigh*
Youre pretending obamacare is sustainable and people's premiums and prescriptions aren't sky rocketing by 300%. Trump is fixing what broke
Not pretending anything. ACA needs fixing, but Trumps version will KILL people. Even ppl who know no better & continue to believe otherwise
You have no idea what the bill will do.
Sure. Keep believing. I'm done here.
Okay I will. You keep pretending Obamacare saves lives and isn't a disaster that makes healthcare unaffordable.
Clap all you SUCKERS! Here comes Chumpcare  This is what you voted for 
Rally around Chumpcare or die
Schumer is an idiot.  Only worried about his wallet.
Youre a sheep in wolves clothing
U bet it is!!!!!
Don't have to read it to understand it's motive. The Republicans wrote it, so we know it screws working people, elderly, children, the sick
You know whats mean? Making half the country pay the other halfs bills. Thats mean. Resist socialism
I had Great  Health Care and Insurance before ObamaCare...Sick of these Dems putting Party before The People.
The Senate wrote the bill, Chucky, not Trump. Take it up with your peers.
If u get rid of the fraud in government programs like welfare and SSDI you could probably pay for most of a single payer system
Dems, please keep Pelosi and Schumer.  They've been great for the GOP.
This guy is a classic con artist I wish he would just shut up already tired of people in this country thinking everything's mean toughen up
@MSNBC Just remember, the more the Dems squeal the more we are doing something right!
Lying crying Chuck Schumer lies to the American people

Nevr n history has thr ben society with no segmnt of poverty fact is regardls of opshn 2 mpruv/choic 2 aid r 2 c thm die American honor  uc
The Senate "Suicide".."Unhealthy", Bill...Is "Meanierer"!..Meanimaximum, Meanisteroidical, MeaniWitchie,...Meanicrap!..MeaniYourMama..!
Schumer is the real wolf in sheep's clothing, rotten corrupt Dem. Remember these jokers in 2018. Pathetic.
Until Democrats take a stand against aborting a million babies a year, they can just shut up about the Republican Bill "killing people."
I could have been a Republicant but my parents were married
They can't have it both ways. What is good for us should be good for them. Wake Up and Challenge your Party before you attack the other one.
Just because you favor one party they work for you. If your lawyer was not being honest with you would still keep him as your lawyer?
Nothing was more vicious to Americans than Obamacare. Ocare was for foreigners and ppl who do not work.
$15,000 deductibles, 300% increase in premiums & not being able to find a Dr. who will take your plan. That's your O-Care. Talk about "Mean"
Do u always make ur comments BEFORE reading? If so YOUR THE PROBLEM WITH THE DEM PARTY!!!
Listen clown you think it wasn't mean lying to people about their premiums, their doctors and plans, not to mention how it affected FT jobs?
If the Dems don't change the leaders they will continue to flounder and they should change the media that backs them you people are a joke
These people are a joke, we can do so much better.
@MSNBC @NBCNews May be? Any doubts?  Why don't you expell it as Britons will do with their Conservatives? Mayxit.
Schumer is a #LiberalPussy
The President could have said "Pass it in order to Read it?" #rememberthatone #forgetful
The President also said you were up obstructionist
I think most Americans would join me in saying-check-please shut up
This critter needs to go
They mean the crooked president/lier and going to be IMPEACHED
It's downright Dickensian.
Replacement plan benefits people who are healthy and high income and disadvantages those who are sicker and lower-income. MAGA if ur healthy
Wealthcare
This guy sounds like he is telling bad bedtimes kids story....
@SenSchumer @NBCNews Of course it is!
Your mean putting your ego in front of the Americans needs
Somehow people are forgetting Obama's ACA is in a death spiral...if Repubs do noting...THEN Liberals will be really screaming!
Wow! He reads fast! I mean..... He DID read it, right?
The house bill is mean?  Seriously?  Are these Democrats in 3rd grade?  How do they describe .@barackobama Lie of the Year?
Either way, NOBODY REALLY GIVES A SHIT!! Im to rich for the poor,to poor for the rich..here i sit in need of healthcare 
Crying Chuck!!
Where's the crocodile tears Chuck?
But #OBAMACARE was the MEANEST! Quit fucking LYING to US! #Obama #Care cost #Americans #Jobs, #Money, Forced us to PAY for #BULLSHIT! #MAGA
Seriously?
This is all you got?
Y'all need to #GetTough.
You need #crazy on your side.
Hire a new #PressSec now!
The GOP will release the Trumpcare bill after his lawyer finishes proofreading it.
Planned parenthood not getting money for abortion, well stop having unprotected sex.
Sir: your statement was made without reading it. This means your comment is disnengenous and false. You are an actor, blowing smoke
What's there to read it's same as house bill,  R's said it themselves.
2 words for you Chuckles...TERM LIMITS!!!
Aww Chucky!! Are you going to cry now!!
Prez sez it's mean so "put more money in" Duuuuuuuuuuuh. There wouldn't be a problem if rich people didn't want a rebate.
I'm actually starting to feel sorry for the Democrats, their old, tired, and have simply lost their way.
Mean is all America should expect from GOP Trump churning their LieMachine2hurt Americans
http://www.amazon.com/Sharia-Exposed-Farzana-Moon/dp/0996663452/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1458732620&sr=1-1&keywords=Sharia+exposed …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
DEMS HAVE NO DECENT RESPONSE AS ALWAYS..... so easy too. GOP makes it sooooo easy. That's why you keep losing your talking points suck!
Chucky read the darn bill before your come out with your old hateful rhetoric !  Do your job !!!
@JohnCornyn isn't looking too good in this exchange. He doesn't have his act together. He's refusing to accept an offer to work with Dems.
And now all the @SenateGOP have disappeared from the room. Why are they afraid of discussion? Why don't they want to answer questions?
Why won't the GOP take up @SenSchumer 's offer to work on bipartisan health care bill? What are they afraid of?
what a drama queen, he makes me laugh just watching him
Schumer
Baby killer McConnell - Medicaid cuts will cause babies born on the street
Crazy Chuck all he does is abstract progress
Abstract?  As in not defined?  That doesn't make sense.
Chucky is a lying POS he will never have an honest debate   Pure Political Animal
Schumer, are u a speed reader? Dems project fear to the American people about healthcare. O care has destroyed Americas confidence in U.
When will MSNBC demand to see the Democratic plan for healthcare in detail.
Schumer is a wolf in sheep's clothing.
Wasn't promise to IMPROVE healthcare, not degrade it? Whose "heart" did Trump have in mind amyway?  I'd need to sell it to pay my med bills
This is a tragedy for all Americans young or old keep #Obamacare!! The tweet that Trump tweeted about pelouse is mind games to get her out
Keep up the good work.
What a tool
Do not cover Trumps speech on healthcare!!

Chucky is in need of medical assistance he is suffering from dementia. Keep Pelosi and keep Chuck and we are guaranteed to have many years
More like a wolf in wolf's clothing.  The Senate Republicans aren't even trying to conceal their contempt for the American people.
If the GOP are so concerned about the complicated tax code, why complicate it more w/ Healthcare tax credits? Just let us have heathcare pls
i hear "tax,tax,tax" money.....where is  health,health,Health? where is CARE for MEDicare? where is concern for patients?

you're making yourself look bad
Suck it snowflake... you make yourself look bad by electing traitors 
do you have any idea what you are posting right now?
Do you??
I know I'm not rooting for my own destruction, can't say the same for you
Does anyone else's blood pressure go up when they listen to him?
@GOP is undisputably the #GovernmentOfPutin. With repeal of the Affordable Care Act they are declaring war on the American people. #Resist
ACA has declared war on the American people for 7 years. High premiums, high deductibles, corporate welfare to insurance co's. WTF
but it makes K Street happy - that's who the GOP Congress is working for
Go Sen Schumer!!!!!!!!
He is garbage
Yes just standing there lying. People can't use their coverage now. Is he going to cry now? He's a bag of B.S.
