Hey I've got an idea:
http://www.medicareforall.org/pages/HR676_and_S915 …
Why are you not putting commercials on the air telling about the increase of deductible, job losses, and ALL consequenses so people will cal
Obamacrap is toooo expensive!
We should have a choice as to the risk levels we are willing to accept.  Low premiums, high deductibles. High premiums, low deductibles.
My Deductible is $1500 + Co-Payment + Monthly Healthcare Insurance Premium. Free PreScreening Doesn't Help if I can't afford the Rest!
This is why we need Single Payer.
If Chuck really believed @GOP  healthcare bill is destructive & bad for America? 
Why not toss them a few sabotage votes 4 approval?

#MAGA
Why r we having this discussion if obamacare was supposed to fix everything? & If single payer so good,Y didn't you pass w/super majority?
Thank you for coming on board with President Trump's idea of getting out of pocket cost under control so CEOs can't rob American people
I am an Ocare subscriber purchased thru the NY exchange. It sucks. $500 monthly; $6k deductible; covers nothing. Shut up Schumer
Ha ha ha u have ZERO idea what ur talking about HC. You should be ashamed of this abortion u call HC. It's breaking Financial backs of ppl
They know that! They want control of that $$ &make slaves of the people, total control! What would you do to get your family treated if Ill?
U want to just keep putting America in more debt! Deductables have doubled, tripled under O Care! What the hellare U talking about?
you and pelosi increased my health bill over 150%. thanks...
#SinglePayer is the ONLY solution!
Thanks for standing up for what is right and saving #ACA from repeal.  Protecting Obama's legacy should be key.
Fool.Obama's legacy was to drain Medicare&SS funds to cover imploding O'Care that he couldn't even force us to buy b/c it was so expensive.
Congress has best healthcare paid by tax payers. Give us your plan and pay for it by deducting from Congress salary.
Great idea.
Lower premiums mean bigger deductibles.  that's what a catastrophic plan means.  There's no such thing as a free lunch!
It helps the wealthy. Ins co are part of problem & a huge lobby. They are tge swamp as nuch as GOP
my husband w/cancer prem was raised 2 2000 w/ded 8000 when you made aca the rule. devasted us & we r in 60's. can't recover. u don't care!!
People will just drop out if that's the case and with a loss of business, insurers will revise plans and drop their rates. Supply and demand
FAKE NEWS: In Bizarre Rant, Schumer Claims Gas Prices ‘Never Go Down,’ Despite 12-Year Low Under POTUS
How disingenuous of you. Where have you been under a rock? Out of pocket costs have been rising through the roof and you said nothing.
How's that fundraising coming along?
Fed govt has no business insinuating yourselves into our healthcare. Just a cashflow scam. Repeal & privatize!
Aren't you the most unqualified person in the country to rate healthcare cost? Your the reason everything is screwed
Chuck you increase in stupidity, I would love to debate you on this!BTW:ANYBODY CAN MAKE A GRAPHWHAT A SOROS TOOL
As usual, you don't know what you are talking about! And if it doesn't go with your agenda, you just make it up as you go along! So funny

Is this the same nonpartisan CBO that was wrong in scoring Obamacare?
Nope to the CBO! They work with the Architect of ACA! You know he one you folks are exempted from?! Give me my Real Insurance back!
And under Obamacare no one can even reach their deductible.
The INLY WAY IS COMPETITION AND YOU KNOW IT
People carry around a Ocare card in there wallet but they cant fckin use it cuz deductibles R to high Its an pricey card 2 just carry around
Liberal propaganda!
Then come to table and fix OB care
The funny thing @SenSchumer is that you used an amount you thought was high for an example. That amount most pay already. Your CLUELESS.
"Ask not what what you can do for your country, ask what your country can do for you!" We'll borrow it from China!!!
Republicans are trying to polish the turd that sent my rates, deductibles and co-pay thru the roof. Still the same damn turd
Shame on the Democrats they can't even have a discussion about healthcare. I hope it comes back to bite you in the ass
Obamacare is killing millions of people who can't afford deductibles or skyrocketing premiums, let it fail.
Quickest way to fix Odumbocare is to force Congressman to have it rather than their health care program.
Obamacare is in failure mode, don't fix, don't throw more good money after bad, give Obamacare to Congressman.
You have all the answers @SenSchumer then do something.we already have astronomical out of pkt costs which came from you n the Dems!
YOU mean like OBCARE did???
Obama care increased my deductible from 300 to 2000 pays less lost my Dr #RepealReplace
u schumer
Wow schumer has microsoft office!!!
My out of pocket has increased 800% since Obamacare how can you clam that you are keeping out of pocket cost low what a lier
lying fool Schumer!!
What's wrong with you?Millions of American families DON'T HAVE HEALTH INSURANCE!! They can't afford Obamacare and you're talking about trash
obama care has increased deductible through the roof. Yet not one word from crying sch. #MAGA @SenSchumer Resign
Since when did America become a lapdog to a tiny country? When did America stop being a superpower? #BDS
Since when did America become a lapdog to a tiny country? When did America stop being a superpower?
Lie
Really DS
When you will YOU get honest and stop your lying and obstruction you coward SOB?
Oh please.....
How would you know? You screwed everybody with Obama care.
Costs are the same...you left out "Taxpayer Mandates" in your chart.
Chuckles..Be THANKFUL for Maxine Waters..otherwise YOU'D be the DUMBEST member of the US Congress!! Still be proud..you're a CLOSE 2nd!!!
You created the healthcare mess.  Don't get up and blather unless you offer a solution to fix it!  Hypocrite!
How can that be Chucky. They haven't passed a bill yet.
Dems have no clue. Came up with ObamaCare that forgets the self-employed. Republicans have not clue. Get out of the insurance business.
At some point you have to realize nothing is free there is a cost to everything. The government needs to get out of healthcare.
Come up with your own plan then and try to sell it to the American People; r u a problem solver or just an obstructionist #MAGA
I don't believe you & your chart!
Competition is what will save our healthcare not government screw ups
MORE FAKE NEWS=OBAMACARE DOES.????
It can't get as bad as COMPLETE FAILURE!
Just make Congress take the same Health Care we have. Then they might try to fix it
please resign now

Senator Schumer, I just cannot trust your word on this or anything else.
Amy told me you touched her on her (no no)
That's just your deceiving fuzzy math.
The insurance companies and providers are going to get their money from you one way or another.
Cryin' Chuck Lyin' about Healthcare again. #zerocredibility
Liar
But it cuts taxes for the rich! That's all they really care about. #PartyBeforeCountry #MakeAmericaSickAgain


@SenateDems
Hey Chuck! Have you read the latest? Tick. Tock. Election days a comin'!
Get gov out of health insurance
Hey Chuck under Obamacare my deductible doubled  I wear prosthetic I can't even buy a new one
Compared to what?
If you do not work and immigrant there is not cost . If you are a working American,  no discount , no coverage . You are a liar .
Breaking: Schumer more worthless then a close pin holding our flag during a hurricane. The man has no influence, nor care for his own voters
Look familiar?  This is your doing.  Democrats passed (shoved it) now democrats own the failure
Don't cry Chuckie  but have u checked ur favorability in NY lately Looks like they don't love u like they use to. A drop of 10 pts since Dec
Chucky I guarantee u don't know a soul  that has Obamacare
if congressmen had to use the insurance everyone else does
things would get done
well the affordable care act is not working
What about Tort reform and lowering actual medical costs 
cut out the middleman (insurance )
#thatsfunny you're blowing smoke because this applies to ACA compliant policies as if no others ever existed in human history. #clownalert
This is such a lie. I don't know anyone that have low deductibles. XBOX is corrupt
Same thing as Obamacare
obamacare premiums doubled 2,000 a month people had to http://pay.Plus  high co pay.The middle class got screwed by obamacare
ACA IS NOT LOW NOW A H
https://www.pscp.tv/w/bD_qqDFyYWpaRFhlclJSUXp8MWt2SnBqTmRrYkRLRS_qRHhFwRksKMoWM1QaDyjUiB8qPvqQGHGc1pH5c9lt …
if 10% doesnt cover it. Govt covers the rest. If you want more, you buy it.
How about we follow Switzerland. EVERYONE pays 10% of income for a basic plan.
Americans want #UniversalCoverage!
No. Americans dont.
Osbamacare LIED about EVERYTHING. Everything Schumer ..  EVERYTHING. From day ONE.. LIARS to the HILT. Of course for your party, the norm!
Time to pull the plug on insurance companies and go single payer like every other country in the world.
Chucky how will these numbers stack up when the #Obamacare ship sinks?
Keeping out-of-pocket costs low? Think again when it comes to Obamacare. It INCREASES your deductible. You Chuck and the democrats are liers
We cannot afford free Medicaid for all, get people back to work and off of gov't money - our money
The current AHCA has made my premiums rise slightly, but I am finding my coverage is better, as in it covers select areas not covered prior.
Where's your better plan ? You sound like an GOP for past 7 years
They try to be tricky like that...
HEY CHUCK, PLEASE PUT OUT WHAT YOU PAY FOR YOUR HEALTH COVERAGE. HAHAHAHAHAH. OH THATS RIGHT. NOTHING. AND DONT PAY FEDERAL TAXES EITHER
Sir, you, @NancyPelosi & @BarackObama over-promised & under-delivered re: #ACA, which has already ruined millions losing their insurance.
We want the  Health Care Plan that you & other members have for yourselves & your families.
They were Wrong on OBAMA CARE by the Millions How can you trust them?

It was going up anyway with the aca. Congress ruined healthcare and dem led the charge.
Tort reform, cross state sales, one size does NOT fit all, competition, no Rx drug advertizing on TV
That is what we have under your pathetic Obamacare
You're full of shit Schumer.  What were deductibles before Obamacare?  A hell of a lot less then they are now...1 of 2
All complaints...no positive interaction...shame
Do you think 5k or 10k deductible is low?
Only way to reduce premiums is to have more people insured. No one talking reducing health care costs. Health care costs / # = premium.
Not true.. the avg bronze plan (cheapest plan) deductible is 6,000 on medical and 500 on rx.. then a 30-40% coinsurance.
Solutions solutions solutions not hysteria extremes end of time Schumer can u b helpful please
Funny how you criticize the GOP plan that you want to replace your fabulous Obamacare.  If OCare is the answer why are you open to replacing
#shylock
1 thing I have learned, will only vote local/state where my vote is actually counted, I hope 2018 is a huge wake up call to all in politics
Really? 7 year and this is all Republicans can come up with one sucking plan after another? So what were they doing for those seven years?
Playing politics and padding their pockets, and I'm a republican!  I'm furious with the whole lot, democrats and republicans alike!
At some point it becomes clear to most that GOP has no empathy, no moral compass. The elitism has created a caste system in US, appalling
Chucky, stop the obstructionist way of governing and do your damn job.  Come on man go to work.
He's working!  Working to block Trump no matter what!
FAKE NEWS FAKE CHART!
@1choice No obumacare did that you and every Democract socialistR Responsible. You Lie Sir. You have lied for 8yrs get treatment
What part did you contribute to the plan?
I'll keep saying it. Time fr free market healthcare and to get politics self serving politicians and unelected bureaucrats out of our hcare
Deductibles can't go any higher then your current Obama failure
Osamacare deductables are $7500. As if thats a low out of pocket. Stupid is as stupid does.
As long as government is involved, there is no solution for health care
You mean like Obamacare did?? U attack the Senate bill but fail to acknowledge that ACA did everything you bitch about the Senate bill. Fool
Sir.  Please assure all of us that while the GOP was creating their healthcare bill, democrats were crafting fixes to the ACA.
Schumer The Government been in my Pocket 45 years!You Don't Care!
How was anybody alive before Obamacare!??!
Better off
It should fail and then you can try to explain the failure.
SCAM ALERT!!!
What's the point of insurance if you're paying out of pocket for insurance and still paying out of pocket for health care?
Insurance companies have to make a profit somehow. Don't you want to pay for their profits in your healthcare?
When you find out the fraud insurance you bought was a scam. 
Chuckie what planet are you living in? Wake up smell the deductable stench maybe your congressional insurance has 500. Let' switch.
They r guessing just like they said 22 million on ACA but only 10.3 million are on it now
As drastic as Obamacare? How about premiums? They skyrocketed with Obamacare too.
Penalty if you don't have insurance but can't afford the preniums.  Get to work for the people.
So does and did ObamaCare!!!!
You people are destroying us!!!!
Terrible shame those uniformed voters will pay-out-of-pocket, but empty pockets tend to dissent and not from the pulpit will control prevail
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Mr.Schumer!
We the people want your healthcare plan not your #FakeCare for peasants!!
WE THE PEOPLE VOTE AGAIN 2018!
How can we believe you anymore?
Cant Remember The Boy Who Cried Wolf? He is Schumer!
#TheRebellion has begun @SenSchumer your #Resistance is futile. #TheRebleUSA @GOP @YoungDems4Trump @SenateDems @dscc
-NO IT DOESN'T!

Lower affordable single payer !!!!!  Fight back
It's funny you are all about blaming and criticizing. When do you ever help with a solution? Or is your job to antagonize USA citizens?
Schumer Don't Work! Russia?
Chuck it's cheaper to pay out of pocket as your premiums are lower and insurance companies are out of the equation - please understand this
Where was your crystal ball when you were patting yourself on the back for Obamacare? My deduct went from $1000 to $12000, premium= mortgage
Sorry, call Fox News
Hey Chuck, Single Payer is the best option, saves the most money all around, but I bet your owners won't allow you to sponsor. #Sad
No second opinions with single payer.
The health care exchanges are good enough for US..... but not good enough for Chuckie and his staff.
Or his staff
No male Democrat has the balls to advocate for Medicare for all. Bernie's balls are bigger than all the balls in the Senate combined.
You seem to be intentionally  forgetting that Obamacare has done exactly what you claim the Republican plan might do...increase premiums.
Lyin Chuck here we go..
Lyin Chuck Schumer - the man who took away my family's healthcare and doctors with #Obamacare on Christmas Eve 2010.
Why aren't you and your staff required to use the same exchanges you're ramming down our throat?
They do.
You need to edgycate yourself a little more.
