KaBoom. Dems lose and rightfully so

You lost again Chuck Phoney!
You're just upset because your guy did not get in there the same guy who wants to strip people from their rights  like the second amendment
Poor poor chucky
Can't get anymore partisan than it is right now and your probably the biggest reason #MAGA
THANK YOU HARRY REID
Remember what Ginsberg said about candidate Trump ? AND SHE'S A JUSTICE ! Step down Chucky, you're a jester in a Democrat kingdom ! move on
One of the biggest reasons some voted for @POTUS was for conservative judges. Didn't want HRC putting anyone on the court.
No YOU are making it more partisan NOT the GOP
what is the sense of a court if all the cases are decided in advance?
More partisan? You voted against a great judge. You are so ignorant
blame Reid he started this problem. Mitch warned you about it
Just so it slows u and overturns the 9th circuit it's fine with most of America
So what ACTIONS can be taken?? We look to you as ALL Congressional Dems to take visibly angry action. 2018 is coming.
Your approach to liberalizing our court system with the 5th and 9th circuits is what is dividing our great country. You are the problem.
You and Dems are ALREADY partisan
Ya think?
please prevent this option from occurring on future supreme court nominations

We c when the fat lady sings
I thank Harry Reid for that. He a good man Chuck. Smell what 51 is cooking.
just what we needed to keep the communist at bay!!!!
you have only yourself to blame for this.
Let's hust pray on it. I'm still behind you Chuck.
U started this crap  deal with it u 
Can't way to get you out of office
It will be more of what the people want. Not what you think people want.
Who wrote the law/rule.... ?  #backtoworksenator
Really! I want you to do something about Gov. Cuomo and his FREE COLLEGE FOR SOME! I am not paying any more taxes!
We won't die with new SC Justice, but I SWEAR to you, they better not get another one. (TS)
You should have overturned desks. When they changed the rules they spit in your faces.... You gonna allow that Senator?
Blah blah blah
Chucky, talk about not seeing that one coming.  How bad did you and your Libtard friends screw up.  Thanks for Gorsuch and more to come
No one cares what you believe.  You lost.  Now get over it and start working on making the country better.
Really? You guys are dishonest tax payers money grabbers. Will vote for term limits.
Do you mean more partisan than your pal Harry Reid?  I believe that odd duck first took the nuclear option. But, I digress.
Look in the mirror Senator. You are the leader of opposition. Doesn't take too many brain cells to resist. What a waste of taxpayer dollars.
every tweet from u is negative
Gloves are off Chuck, the Republicans now own your ass. 
Keep preaching to the choir, maybe it will save your job.
Too late. YOU and lefty libs already did that. You deserve all the credit for that
Thank that filthy mouth Harry Reid for changing the rules, remember? Democrats are great liars.
Reach down between your legs and grab...they're called balls sir. Oh wait nvm check Mrs. Schumer'a purse
Again, you created that stupid rule and didn't care when Reed broke it. GFY
Don't bring a knife to the nuclear gun fight chuck
More partisan than what? You have become unhinged
If the shoe was on the other foot you dems would do the exact same thing
Dude how can it be any more partisan? #Stupid
Yes..partisan to the founding fathers. Not whacko liberals who think they know better. Lmao. And when Ginsberg is gone it's a Trump ck mate
Good! That is why I voted for Trump!
You have done nothing to stop the partisan bickering you are the problem not the solution
We sure hope so, I hope they use it every chance they get to keep the clown democrats from destroying the country.
Blame your buddy @harryreid2016
Are you a Sage?
I'm sure the new party of "No" has nothing to do with the increased partisanship either. Blame is very clearly at both parties feet.
Too bad Judge Gorsuch would not commit on issues, only the law!
Oh yeah, and what about when Senator Harry Reid pulled a similar stunt a few years ago!? U won't say anything about that, eh!? HYPOCRITE!!
Tough shit! Reap what you sow!
Who r u kidding there is no DJT scotus nominee that u would   support !  @realDonaldTrump
Your ultra partisan behavior also contributes to thar
You can thank Harry Reid! It was okay for DEMS to change the rules when it benefitted them. GOP & Independents are not stupid.
You have no one to blame except yourself you partisan hack.
How can the Senate be MORE partisan than it already is.  This is on you, Chuck.
But its ok that the democrats have done it in the past? Come on!
What? Do you think it's possible to be more partisan?
Stop crying! #soreloser
Conducting the FIRST partisan filibuster of SCOTUS nominee made the Senate more partisan. Ginsburg and Sotomayor made SCOTUS partisan.
Sorry Sir, but the Left Wingnuts can't get anymore partisan.
Shouldnt you be lecturing @SenatorReid?
LOL. You dems started this. elections have consequences. America needs YOU to stop the partisan BS. Why do you hate America? RESIGN!
Gee do you think  chuckles
You have your old mentor Harry Reid to thank for the nuclear option.   Nowhere in the constitution says it takes 60 votes to pass a bill BTW
You should of thought about that long ago Chuckie.  You and Harry were warned when Harry changed the rules first. Cry if you want to.
Yes of course it does. That was the whole point.
I don't understand how the Repub' think. How is this ok.
Couldnt possibly become more partisan than you and the Dems have made it.
Also, water is wet and flowers smell nice.
It would become a less partisan place if you resigned Senator. Why not do that for the good of the country?
How does it feel Schummy?
Then you should have fought it much harder
you forced the nuclear option by not voting yes because you are a sore Loser not because Gorsuch wasnt highly qualified
Thanks for fighting Senator. #resist
I support you opposing gorsuch, but was anyone really surprised when Rpblns went straight to the #nuclearoption? Saw that coming a mile away
Then the Dems shouldn't have done it in the first place, FYI u lost because of the candidate it's time to move on and get to work !
You should stop casting stones & accept responsibility for your rhetoric and calls for obstruction even before President Trump took office
You didn't seem to mind when in 2013 you changed 60 votes for 51 so you could appoint judges you wanted.  DEMOCRATS ARE PHONY
Again Schumer running his mouth and not know what he is talking about
You are the problem. #getoverit #youlost
Term limits
Harry Reid invented the nuclear option and used it as well.  What goes around comes around.
MORE PARTISAN? That's hysterical coming from you!
I'm afraid you're right, Chuck, but thank you for standing by your principles and doing your job. NY's proud to call you senator
The Dems gloves MUST come off! #FireWithFire No more nice! Obstructionist GOP must meet their match!
bullied a Pro Corp interest nominee. If you can't beat them cheat your ass off! Dark dark day!
If you want to be less partisan - repeal the 17th amendment and remove yourselves from partisan popular elections.
As apposed to the liberal activism you would like to bring into the fold? There are 3 branches of government. Judges do not legislate
They went Harry Reid on your A$$. Oh the pain with NO LUBE huh??? ahahahahhaaaaa
Can we start over....fire everyone and vote on an entire govt??? Pleeeease?
SCOTUS will less partisan since there will be >5 conservative justices on the court before all is said and done. Thanks to you and Reid.
agree
Don't worry Chuck, the Republicans have a long history of looking out for the little guy!
If this is the game they want to play then we will see them in 2018
I believe the Democrats caused this.  you guys really need to look at the bills and not who writes them
Count yourself as part of the problem & not part of the solution.What will YOU do to change it? It's about the people, not the party.Grow up
no we want judges that rule on law not make it up from the bench
it's been partisan for years! Only not leaning your way for long!!
Filibuster deserves to die. Founders wanted Senate supermajorities only for treaties & Constitutional amendments.
Never has such a supremely qualified candidate been so vehemently opposed based upon partisan politics alone.  You made it necessary.
Chuck you're a schmuck
Did U maybe forget U & Reid started it all??
Well if the Dems didn't change the rules first.....
More partisan than the democrats did when they took the nuclear option, or unilaterally forced Obama care on the working people.
We hope a #great chasm exists between #Constitutional interpretation of the #law and fleeting political hackery. #Life

#TGIF #FridayFeeling
And it's your party's own fault
Only people incapable of winning, change the rules they play by. To quote someone, "SAD! VERY SAD!" @SenSchumer @SenateMajLdr
Sad day for America...as the gop celebrates at the expense of all else....the end does not justify the means
Absolutely! Thank you for fighting this partisan shutdown of the Senate, and the devolution of the Court into a political body.
No question
Quit your crying resign
Elections have consequences. Go out and win some elections.
Yes thanks to you and your politely crap. This is on you!
do you want a Puffs to soften the blow, Chuckie?
The Dems started it with Reid. Now we have a dictatorship with every branch Republican. No checks
One word for you CHUCKIE. H S.  AS USUAL.
#NuclearOption is Dem invention now blowing up in Dems faces. D&R Estab. pro politicians are not interested in helping We The People
How is this even possible on a life long position this is something that will change things forever and they have no RIGHT TO DO THIS
It's you and your leadership who has created the divide. Please stop deceiving
look in the mirror ole chuckie. your lack of ;leadership caused this. get bipartisan or get OUT
Remember the Dem Reid put the NuclearOption in place!  Ready for a Constitution Supreme Judge!  Yeah!!!!!!
Then resign yourself. Idiot. This is happening because you don't accept you lost. Previously  the House and Senate, on way to lose more !
Make it more Partisan??? Lol .... you and your democrats did this... #hate for our #POTUS  it's sad that you threatened house democrats
Wrong again
It's the partisan politics that required the #NuclearOption in the first place. BTW, thanks Harry.
There should be no vote at all until the Trump-Russia investigation is complete. Illegitimate president=illegitimate SCOTUS.
You just mad you can't get another leftist on the Supreme Court  that could and would take our guns
You mean like Obama did?
He tried but failed the SC is the ones that has the power to do that that's why we need to keep them libs from flipping the courts to them.
No you are the problem.
Amen
No you all have been partisan bias gasbags for decades! Hence Trump win! You still don't get it do U? You're part of the problem
It already is. Duh!
Congress already congress of no.
Why change?
Thank you harry reid
Come up with a plan, new law, to prevent that
Yup. Now fight everything he wants confirmed.
America is screwed with DT in the WH. Every choice he makes undermines USA & makes #TrumpRussia stronger-We must #Impeach that 2-bit bastard
Well how about voting yes for Gorsuch, because you are the reason they they have to use the nuclear option
Keep fighting the good fight! We appreciate it.
Chuck Schumer, Nancy, Pocahontas, and dirty Harry all showed the Republicans how to do nuclear option. Whatever to make America great again
Who gives a crap what you think.
Thank you @SenSchumer. You have my full support. #INY
You have blood on your hands Senator.
Senate can't be more partisan  There is no partisanship in the Constitution..Partisanship only comes through activist judges...#UmakeMeSad
And we can thank you and your cronies for the handling of #Scotus for this!
You are incapable of the truth
Ole Chucky & Nancy are delusional! Check January 2013 whe the Dems made this possible! Tough when shoe is on the other foot, Huh Chucky?
McConnell made a destructive decision. A good leader would have brought 4ward diff nominee

You left them no other choice. Democrats will come to suffer because of their stupidity. This is not what Republicans wanted. You are wrong
#FakeJustice
@SenSchumer ur party steered the Ship that Sailed in 2010 when u didnt allow GOP to read/submit input to O-Care then 2013 used #ReidOption
This is BS. ACA was Republican plan originally. Republicans refused to participate. They had ample opportunity.
How could GOP add amendments when Pelosi told Anerica, "We gotta pass it before we can read it." Get off media matters website.
Because they had 16 months to give input and they refused. It should have been much more than ammendments at the last minute.
Chucky,,,,you're bitch whining again. Man up!!
You started it!
GOP made this partisan when it refused Garland a hearing... further effort of a the true "minority" party to tyrannize the majority's will.
...You clearly tried to do that again in this case, claiming he was being evasive to your inappropriate questions.  You failed this time.
Your "nuclear option" is just returning federal court appointment voting back to the standards of 2003. When Democrats changed the rules.
Through irresponsible pandering to your base you have been backed into a corner. Stupid move.
The Supreme Court is not partisan...Democrats just keep putting in "judges" who make the law, rather than interpret the law...
True
