All shud up! You forced it on all of us.  Obama knew it was going fail it was part of his plan thinking Hilary would win to go single payer.
America First! illegals are NOT the victims
Every illegal alien gone is a job and benefits for an American citizen. #DeportThemAll #YourFreeRideIsOver #TANSTAAFL #YFRIO #NoRefugees
Ron- I love this!  The buck stops here! 
There should be zero illegal aliens in the USA and NO immigration until American vetetans have homes and are gainfully employed.
I wish I could press the like more than once!  God bless our troops, veterans, & families of all who serve this United States of America
Enough is enough. All patriots need to call congress every day. They represent us, not their own interests.
That's ridiculous to tear families apart. The illegal parents should explain to the kids what they did when they're ALL deported together!
@chuckschumer illegals are NOT the victims!  And who's tearing families apart? what parent would leave their child behind?
They would!  they pack those kids up and send them across the border alone!
What type of brain you have ?
And you think with that thoughts are you going to make this Country great?
My brain is smart and knows people who break laws deserve to be punished. Making people respect our laws makes our country better.
Pufffff !  I feel sorry for all the people like you . Read again what you wrote .
I don't understand how you're arguing in defense of people who break our laws.  I know exactly what I wrote.
If you truly cared you would dedicate your self to fixing their homelands

Instead of giving ours away
Why would we tear them apart when we can send the whole family back
Duhhh!
Batmans Gotham city *REALITY*?
Bypass sanctuary city mayors
By calling DHS to turn in illegals
866 347 2423
Get the law breaking illegals out
Ohhh Puuleeassee!! Come on Chuck u & Nancy pull big boy pants up and let's fix it so we can take care of U.S. 1st Then u can grandstand
How do they justify 23M Americans who may not get HC but include 15M Dreamers & 21M illegals?  Do the math, don't B suckered by sympathy.
I do not stand for people breaking the laws and getting rewarded.
then send them all back since you have no intention of fixing it. Build the wall, that will be a great start
Appeal 2 sympathetic Americans 2 save their illegal voter base,  Try 2 shame into accepting mass immigration. You will B replaced by the #'s
You'll stand for whatever POTUS decides you can stand for...now STHU
Maybe, just maybe, if we start defunding all these entitlements Americans would have an "Affortable" Health Care Act! #americanfirst
Illegal is illegal NOT undocumented my father came here LEGALLY if you commit a crime suffer the consequences. As bye bye
Ain't gonna happen slick Chucky. Time for ICE to come a callin. Legals no problem. Illegals get ready 2 go. #MAGA
They tore their own families apart.  they sent children here, w/o parents.  Immigration laws are not unfair, if obeyed in the first place.
I agree so deport them all together
You, sir, are acting like Chicken Little. Stop it.
#BuildTheWall

#DeportThemAll

#NoSanctuary

#NoAmnesty

#DemocratsRMoronsChuck
Dems have lost their American voter base.  American voters R replaced w/loyal illegals. Trade citizenship & social benefits  4 votes.
Not one legal person has been deported. You are for in forcing the law aren't you?
Your so distraught bring them to your house.
Here's a beautiful woman who was torn apart from her family because an illegal immigrant killed her. 

#defendourborders
That's the risk those people took when they broke into our country!!  Gonna let a burglar keep your tv? Yeah i didn't think so.
You break the law by flooding our land with these individuals and now you say what? Only Chucknuts Schumer could act innocently @SenSchumer
Why not?  Congress  has failed to address  unconstitutional DACA. @POTUS give you 6 months!
Why are you supporting this and subjecting illegals to such cruelty? You encourage them to bring kids
How about standing up for citizens you snake
Why can't the "dreamers" leave with whoever brought them to the USA? It's not the USA's job to take in the entire world!
Well this is America and this is what the ppl voted for so continue to be obstructionists.
No one is tearing them apart they all can leave. If your parents are illegal you are illegal.
In California, kids are wetting the bed because they are afraid that ICE will get them if they get up.   Our hearts are breaking...
Can you imagine the economic devastation that will occur if Trump implements massive deportations?
Let's give it a try!
Will just invent a machine to pick apples.
Prepare for more.
Use tag line We Stand For in all comms.
Thank You
You & the Dems don't care about anyone but yourselves, upChucky, and you sure don't care about America! Let's see if Republicans care! 2018!
I'm tired of supporting them find another way for them to live here and take care of themselves and I'll be OK with that
But you are willing to do so should they boycott Israel.  #hypocritical
According to the CONSTITUTION...THEY ARE BREAKING THE LAW just entering our country ! DEPORT THEM ! COME IN LEGALLY !!!!
Why would you care more for illegal aliens than the people who rightfully reside in our country?
You are in the Senate. The place where people write laws. If you don't like a law you can actually do something other than cry.
I'd rather see families be "torn apart" due to deportations than witness legal citizens' families being torn apart by murder and rape.
No, we won't! They can all go back together!
Chucky boy u ARE NOT the boss, not #CareerCriminalClintons who are above the law & what's #HereToStay is our amazing Pres @realDonaldTrump
Kate Steinle was unavailable for comment.
When we break the law here we pay the penalty. How does immigrants get away with these crimes? Illegal plus illegal equal crime.
No. DACA needs to go and they all need to be deported. Agreed we shouldn't split families up though. SHIP THEM ALL TOGETHER!
Illegal Aliens Killed Newborn Baby In South Carolina
Previously Deported Illegal Alien Caught Selling Cocaine In North Carolina
Those families took a ris coming here illegally and staying, and you're taking one with your constituents. #deportnow #BuildTheWall
their families are so important they would have done what your and my family did when they got here. Learn the language and become citizens
Hey Mr. What about the families torn apart by violent illegal murderers? Crickets yes crickets you hypocrite
Hey Chuck, are you not standing for these people torn apart? Just their killers?  I can post pics for days and not repeat a single one.
Chuck, you are giving my hard earned dollars away to folks that have no intention of making our country better. Send them back.
Bill Clinton happened
We are tired of people being here illegally and taking resources that Vets need . Come here legally and contribute!
But U are very convinced to limit our right to defend people under siege, just for a bunch of dollars. Stop demonizing democracy, stop lies
They take the damn kids with them! They are not my responsibility! I have my own responsibilities. I work my ass off and it's NOT for them !
Send ILLEGALS packing. Enforce Laws. DACA is a Lib Scam! is run by Law & Order. @HillaryClinton is a Crook!! 
It's YOUR FAULT that we have all these illegal immigrants in our country. Democrats care more about illegal immigrants than US Citizens!!
What about families torn apart b violent immigrants? You going to stand up for them to Chucky? #kateslaw
No, we don't have to support anything that is not a law. What is wrong with you. You are suppose to support our laws and constitution. Why??
Your allegiance is to the Constitution. Your service is to the ppl who elected you - not illegal immigrants. Uphold your duties or resign.
And we won't stand for family's being torn apart by murdering illegals.  Your priorities are with the wrong county!  #ShameOnSchumer
Deportations don't tear families apart.  Families can always be together where they belong.  Illegal immigration tears families apart.
You have to pay more attention to what the Republicans are doing not to the donny show going on .
enforce the law or be voted out
What about families being torn apart by illegals actions?  #sarahroot. #kateslaw.
#DefundDreamAct #DeportTheEntireFamily #IllegalAliensAreCriminals We need to stand with laws. All go to home country.
No you sick f#@k We need to stop American Families from being destroyed by Illegal Aliens.
Only you Senator &Congress can fix immigration laws change them or shut up about laws enforced.
Families are separated every day Senator change the laws and stop your hypocrocisy
The reason you have not is YOU DON'T CARE. You are a hypocrite & vile inside destitute of moral courage. You approve infanticide òf millions
Try offering a solution for a change. You Senator have the ability to bring a bill forward to change immigration laws for years. Why not?
Try thinking things through Senator. Families are torn apart every day by criminals going to jail. Illegal alians break the laws of the USA
A question even you can answer yes or no: when a married man, father of 3 commits a crime & goes to jail should the family be tor  apart?
a bank robber is caught, and goes to prison 

their family is torn apart as well 

Illegal is Illegal, Chuckie 

#NotMyResident
CORRECT!!!!!
Come to USA, have children, go home with your children.
If I have a child in china, do you think they will let me stay as a permanent resident? NO! 
Same goes for illegals.
They are not undocumented, they are ILLEGAL…
Would you fight to keep a murderer with his family? There’s  no difference. Both broke the law.
Let's bomb the shit out of their countries and then allow them into ours. Makes perfect sense,too an idiot.
If you are here illegally. It is illegal. FACT. Deportation is in order. FACT.
Deport all of them.  Anchors, too.  They are parasites and gang slime.
WHEN ARE U GOING 2 DEFEND R AMERICAN CITIZENS WE WERE UPPER MID CLASS NOW MOST OF US HAVE LOST WELL PAYING JOBS WITH MASTERS AND DOC DEGREES
Just think of all those illegal votes your are losing ....everyday.

God Bless @Potus #Maga
I can think of one family that should be torn apart when they go to jail.
Mr.Schumer,you need to defend Americans first,not illegals!New Yorkers hopefully will wake up to your uselessness & vote you out.
It's anuda shoah!
Hey Schmucky....you're ok tearing babies apart but not illegal aliens who are in a continuous process of breaking our laws? You're a fool...
You won't stand for families being deported and not voting Democrat. #StfuChuck
They have to go back. All of them.
So I guess we should release all prisoners with familes too.
good point Chuck, send the whole family back!
Did you save any innocent babies from your abortion industry today?
Why tear them apart just deport them all! #AnchorBabies should be deported with their #IllegalAlien parents! #MAGA 
There you go @SenSchumer now you are onto something with our talking points. You guys need to find your way back to Immigration!!!
We won't stand for the United States of America being torn down by liberals and Chuck Schumer.  END DACA #ChuckOUT
Bull.  Send them back.  All of them.
Youre one big headache Chuckles!! And a pain in the ass
Yes you will
Nothing stopping the whole family going back to where they came from. Their kids will have to live with their parents bad choices
You'll fight for noncitizens, but you only have mockery for those losing jobs at Carrier. 
You WILL stand for it if we enact it no more DACA no more amnesties no more 5M illegal votes sanctuary cities you've gone too far: exposed
Don't just deport the parents then, deport their families too. Problem solved.
You need to accept the fact that WE won. You are no longer in charge. WE are. You don't care one bit about illegals other than for votes
You don't care about people remember? It's all about resist you freakin' pansie !!

The families should not have been here at all.
YOU and your ilk are at fault here for helping to allow Illegals in to create this situation.


No
Who said the families will be torn apart? We're going to send them ALL back, rofl
Hey chuckie u need to have 1 of ur assistants read the US law on immigration & have them define the word illegal in words u can understand

Then send them all back home, no room for law breakers! Some lawyer you are!
Our new president has become this monster NOT for the people instead for profit pure and simple. Roy Cohn taught him well.
Will u also stand against families being torn apart by illegal aliens & support #KatesLaw & law against #SanctuaryCities or r u a #Hypocrite
Don't separate families, just deport them all together young children should remain with their parents!
Isn't it past time for you to retire?
If they are here illegally and you help them then be prepared to go to jail. Aiding and abetting @TheJusticeDept it's wrong and illegal.
Would be honored for follow  back - I worked with the late Jim Oberstar - he was like a father to me . You follow me already @HomefrontHugs
Hey Chuck you have a big house.  Take some families in to live with you then you can say you did something for a change
What about the families of Americans who never see each other because they're working to pay for all your programs to give to illegals.
Send them all back so they can be together
AMERICA SAYS NO MORE ILLEGALS ! DEPORT ! DEPORT ! DEPORT !
MAGA !
Chuck, check the laws obama put in place for this. He let them all in and get lives and have families then separated and  kicked them out.
We spend $80 billion a year on ILLEGALS. Send them back as family.
Hey Chuckie, here's a novel idea. Spend time helping actual CITIZENS of the US instead of grandstanding and posturing for ILLEGALS.
Illegals that do not and will not conform to the proper documentation status as every other legal citizen needs to be shown the door!!!
DACA serves no purpose to Americans. All DACA freshmen should have till the start of their junior year to become citizens or it is adios.
u support them....no on my dime
Deport the whole family. Don't break them up. Kids belong to their parents not a country
DACA IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL AND SHOULD BE RECINDED!
Democrats just keep on whining and complaining meanwhile Republicans just keep on quietly showin up at the polls and WINNING THEM elections!
But you will stand for illegal immigrants to steal..rape...kill innocent Americans..babies..children..Mom's..Dads
I really hate the law that requires me to pay federal taxes, so i'm going to ignore it.  Just like you ignore immigration laws. Sounds fair.
You break the law, you leave the country. It's very simple. So, Chucky there are lots of laws i don't like, which can i ignore?
You stand for American law. That is your duty as a US Senator. You're a lawmaker. Change the law if you can, otherwise support our laws.

I agree send the whole family across the border.
DACA is unconstitutional,never approved by Congress or the ppl;Obama polled it out of thin air and forced it in Americans,There is NO DACA
Once again you don't want people held accountable for anything!! The Democratic philosophy!
Yes we will. The parents should of come here to correct way
They are here illegally! Should have thought about that sooner!
Violent illegals must be deported regardless    This is what America voted for not for what schumer thinks
Then have their parents come here legally.  Problem solved.
Then Let them join their deported family members elsewhere
No, you're trying to destroy us like Europe and we're not going to stand for it. #MAGA
real headline: 'Hamptons liberals need cheap labor'!
Chuck, put your head in an oven, turn on the gas, breath deep, repeat.
