Great smile kid! We miss the balance we had with you and @BarackObama

Can you please run in 2020? We're going to need someone REALLY good to fix the mess Trump & Co. are creating....
YESSS 
joe you are one awesome dude
YESSS You Are Awesome;We miss your love ,strength humility and WOW-that sense of humor 
So tired of this presidency and it hasn't been 100 days yet.  How will we survive ?
Awwwww......
YOU GO JOE UR THE MAN

You just love that they are cheating on their wives with each other don't you 
WTF are you talking about You need to stop  talking sooo many drugs,get a job and cancel that "Go Fund Me"gig
Sorry,I misspelled taking (sooo many drugs )
I'll pray for your sad black miserable soul!
Thank you so much Mr Vice President. I know that you'll do more work on behalf of the #lgbtq community then Trump EVER WILL. #HappyEaster
Why would we want to help them?
Unity
LGBT 'rights' are purely 'synthetic'... what's next, trans-zombie rights? "I woke up and needed to eat brains, don't shame me!!".
What happened to separation of church and state? the world is overpopulated my friend, and no one has ever said everyone should be gay...
Our democracy was quite literally founded on the ideal of the separation of government&religion...does the first amendment ring a bell?
Keith Ellison used Qur'an, John Brennan used the Constitution, in sure there are more... Bible is traditional but not a legal requirement
Quick google search showed even John Addams actually used a book of law to take his presidential oath!
please support libraries in Delaware   They are facing budget cuts
And yet when those crimes happen to a Christian, Joe is silent.
Thank you Joe - we need as many voices of sanity as possible to support innocent people being persecuted simply for who they are.
I think u misunderstand, just because they are being mistreated does not mean they dont have rights... their rights still exist
But Mr. @JoeBiden , what are citizens to do when the POTUS has tossed the Constitution out the window of Mar-a-Lago? #NoRespect 4 process. 
NO WE DO NOT HAVE TO support Lgbt.  Its morally wrong.
If you think the alternative was better u are sick
And there is no such thing as lgbt rights.  They have the same rights we all do, for just being human, given by god.
Ha Ha Ha.....
Miss you
YESSS-We Do Miss You  Sooo Very Much 
why should lgbt get special treatment.what 2 adults do in there bedrooms is up to them.Most people don't care.We don't ask for any thing
thank you for being the first public figure to speak out forcefully against concentration camps rounding up gay men in Chechnya.
Must? Only thing I MUST so is put NOONE before or above GOD! GOD IS GOOD you Joe Biden are evil!
Miss you so much!
But it's unfortunate sir, most people don't speak up because they think hate and bullying is okay and part of our culture,thanks!
YESSS-AMEN Mr.Vice President (Whom we love and who will always be an important leader to us) you are completely correct 
We were speaking out while the Obama/Biden Administration was selling weapons to Saudis. You didn't listen.
@Number10gov @BorisJohnson @geraldhowarth What is the UK doing? Nothing?
To disrespect any of God's creations is to disrespect god.To be pro life, while destroying life does not make U worthy, rather hypocritical
this nation's heart is broken w\ your absence. Your consciousness & depth are valuable- they speak to a collective higher goodness
Dear Joe, can you consider being president of the world or something like it?
Are boy toy victims of rape by muzzies a part of LGBT rapist "rights?" Or are they victims of inhumanity? Can't keep it "straight."
Country is doing better now peace terrorist loving chumps
What rights do they have?  Would you allow them to show their sexual practices in a classroom full of first graders?
Show me exactly in the Constitution where they have rights in addition to mine.  We have rights not to be subjected to their bullship.
We all wish you would have entered the race. How great it would be to hear intellectual power & savvy in domestic & foreign.
You should've run instead of HRC!
What's this in reference to?
LGBT is no different than BLM, it's made up and wouldn't exist except for the the last 8 yrs
thank you Mister Vice President for speaking out when so many voices are silent!
Thank you for speaking out when others aren't. (And please run in 2020...).
Thank you!!
Please start speaking out against trump. We can't afford to wait for the next election. Please!
Please run for president!
Speak out? Conscience, Joe? You, and Barack, were faced with mainstream, rampant Islamic homophobia, and all you ever did was suck up to it.

still mourning that you are not our President
But you don't when it comes to Muslim countries. Coward! And call out your buddy Chuck for assaulting women!
YES,  SO ASK YOUR FELLOW DEMOCRATS HOW THEY SUPPORTED CASTRO WHO IMPRISONED GAYS.
Do you want to pee in the girls room while wearing makeup Joe? Then go ahead. Just do it in California where it's ok.
Are you Gay or Bi or Transgender on top of being illiterate? Is that what this is about? Joe?
Joe, I love you, but platitudes won't make it anymore. We need real policy changes like Sen. Sanders offers. Join us, Joe, the real Left.
Thank you Joe!  Wishing you were President!
Agree.  But what about chemical death of innocents => total silence.  Or do those lives not matter, Mr. VP because they can't donate $$
See if your pal De Blasio would concur about the MS-13 gang
He's right. It's about time these CRIMRS AGAINST HUMANITY and that's exactly what they are, are addressed by all governments around
@SenSchumer @PrisonPlanet 
No more refugees! Close all borders! Letting in the scum of the earth! Stop this liberal lunacy!
He lived his values. He followed the teachings of his church but understood it  was not his right to impose those beliefs on others.
And discrimination based on race, religion,GENDER.
Great human
Civil rights aren't subjective, Uncle Joe. Being #LBGTQ isn't a privilege.
Everyone deserves to be loved
Every person DOESN'T have 2speak in support of LGBT.. STOP THE BS 
HATE crimes&inhumanity against ANY humanbeing is when we should speak up!
Right...when faced with treason, shouldn't president or vp sort it out?
Happy Easter  to our future leader, next POTUS 2020  I know you&your wife @DrBiden44 are doing Great things & we thank both of you! KLR
Biden has finally come out of the closet.
Please Rubin 2020 and rescue us from this madman
Done supporting those bigots. They demand tolerance for themselves while refusing to extend the same tolerance, to those they demand it of.
@SenSchumer No discrimination BUT No Special Rights. Keep your sexual preference in the bedroom.
We love and miss you Uncle Joe.
Thank you 
I miss you
I agree with you but it really shouldn't take a hate crime for one human being to be decent to another. #LGBT #NoTimeForBigots
Thank you Mr Biden. Thank you.
Mr. Biden, We need true leaders like you now more than ever.  Please run!  I'll be there.
I love you, Mr Vice President!
During your Tenure a VP. Obama sold the Saudi's over $115 Billion in arms. Was that speaking out in support.
So sick of #Altrught propaganda @JoeBiden @Lawsonbulk
I am a Scottish Socialist. Not right-wing. What i said in the tweet above is true.
@realDonaldTrump @VP @jensstoltenberg I said straight backbone.& I respect others.
The voice of common citizens are being silenced by the "Fake News" ranting of an aging, elitist, tangerine lunatic. Death of the 1st ammend
My god, I love you. Come back, somehow?
RIGHTS FOR ALL!  Sorry for Bo, more sorry for us  
Hey Joe, is this your "coming out" announcement?
Thank you uncle Joe. The only politician to address this. You are truly a good man
Thank you, sir.
I so agree with you!
No we don't - why should we support LGBT - that is immoral
Thanks Joe, that really means a lot to me, it really do.
Keep focusing on the important things, #not
When guilty of plagiarism, Vice President is a over-achievement at the @end of the road.
really wish you were the one who ran for president. People really love you
@SenSchumer LOL Biden sounds like a new cartoon
I LOVE YOU
Hope you are enjoying life. God bless you!  
You are so right.
what about the right of hetirosexual christian folks?
Thank you Joe
I miss your voice of reason.
Biden/ Warren 2020
glad you are around for young Dems such as Cory & others that can use your many years of guidance to make this country progress!
Well SIR, you & your fellow cohorts appear to be okay with allowing those same folks in to our country so maybe u should rethink that??
"Gay marriage is a slap in the face to the sanctity of marriage" he said to his 4th wife. Kind of messed up perspective, eh Mr VP? Thank you
It is criminal and inhumane to oppose Medicare for all. LOTS of GOP posing as Democrats in control of DNC
There you go again. Why do you try to force normalization of abhorrent and deviant behavior?
We are understanding toward the community. You never heard any conservative harass Obama for married a drag queen.
Thank you Joe.@HRC
And your Faith and your RC Church teaches what ?  Check the Catholic Catechism to find out.
I miss you @JoeBiden! Thank you for taking a stand for #LGBT 
You and Obama have contributed to a forseen 6th Mass Extinction. Male homosexuality created The Aids Virus. DOMA was important Joe
run dammit, for pres i mean not away lol
Dear Joe, I MISS YOU SO MUCH !!!!!!!
I agree.
We love you Joe! Miss you every day!
Thanks Joe. You are missed. Gay in pa
We miss you, Uncle Joe!
thank you
@realDonaldTrump is making an A$$ of the #dems . You guys were so weak glad I switched parties
Thank you Mr Biden
Ok...
vice president biden i love you and i cant wait to see you speak at cornell
Can you  and Barack out Donny's nose in the Corner and then come back and save us? Pretty please??
what?
Now is only the LGBT that should have rights? Dont think so maybe need to go back an give them brain retraining
You said a mouth full!
What about the non LGBT people Joe?
Joe: How about the blacks being killed in Chicago; you don't seem to want to talk about these crimes of hate & inhumanity #TX1
Stand up, fight back!
that's right, Joe. 
How are ya?
How about female genital mutilation that's taking place here in America? Are women's rights not important enough?
Love you Mr. Biden!
Thanks Uncle Joe. 
@cammiescott Uncle Joe! I love you!
Thank you!
THANKS JOE. YOU ARE GREAT.
Let's speak out for the Catholic Church!!! One, holy, apostolic and truth !!! Joe Remember what is important
and you did nothing Joe.....
Because sexual preference is our nations number 1 problem. Go build a bathroom.
Vote democratica whenever at every level of government.  We must take back our country!!!
No such thing as a 'hate' crime.  Its not a crime to have emotions.
GET THEM OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE.  CLEAN OUT SECURTY DEPTS.  OUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT.
Saw Jackie Evancho and her sister Juliette on the view.  What wonderful young people for transgender rights.  Very impressive.
Seared conscience?
If they can come after one group, they can come after your group.
The president is a crime of hate!  Need you to keep us energized.  Tim Hagen's Cleveland group had 300 people & we're starting a PAC!
How about female genital mutilation in USA? Happening NOW (ironic NOW = National Organization of Women )
Thank you, Joe.
