you'd have international diplomats negotiating with U.S. Canadian\  Mexican citizens at town halls- it would be chaos.
Your not for america nor the people NAFTA IS A JOKE.  UNFAIR TRASH.
You of all people talk Transparent . LOL
Just like we deserved open, transparent OVOMIT care. Not we have to pass it so that we can read it @NancyPelosi
Chuckie what don't you know about back room deals.
US workers deserve the jobs back that the corporate/war party sent out of the country. End NAFTA.
Jason you really need to learn about NAFTA. Cos your solution would impact US jobs and business. It's complicated.
Yes, NAFTA cost the US jobs, lots of them, and they were good jobs, too. Cars didn't used to be made in Mexico, you know. Do your research.
You don't care care cos it won't affect Spain.
Spain? I live in California.
Barcelona is in California? Who knew.
Are you goingto call me a Spanish troll now? This thread is about NAFTA. The only one talking about Barcelona is you.
Did I call you a troll? Nope, and research, why don't you come up with total figures on benefits rather than cherry picking one industry?
I would like to see what they come up with before it is agreed upon.
you mean like the Iran deal ??? You buffoon
Obamacare and TPP were back room deals. Why do you care now?
U mean like Obamacare?
@SenSchumer can you please send similar requests out for the rest of the horrid decisions this #ClownCircus of an administration are making?
SCHUMER BACK DEAL, SIDE ROOM DEAL FRONT ROOM DEAL, WE HAVE SO MANY DEALS AND SENIOR CITIZENS CAN'T BUY FOOD ! YOU ARE THE BIGGEST LYING DEAL
Like those transparent, lying to the public Obamacare deals? Oh..u forgot about that huh...
No
Denied
Nothing positive at all on you page Chuck. Nothing. How is that good for America?
The Trump administration is trying to fix trade deals to bring back the millions of jobs lost to NAFTA. Ross Perot was right
You mean like the transparent Iran deal that put all Americans in danger? Lmao.
Chuckie, I think a lot of people are onto you.  Why aren't you in the Hamptons for the fall?
.  Why not, it was a backroom deal originally
The best thing that came out of NAFTA? Damage to the UAW and the opening of car plants in right to work states.
OK tearing chuck, how was the original nafta deal? developed?
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @HouseGOP
Pot / kettle. You are the KING of backroom deals AND corruption, Schmuckie! I want you to retire, doesn't mean it will happen!
Backroom deals are your specialty Schumer. Investigation will switch. Racism your call to everything. Enslaved minds may buy it, we don't!
You lie and areno good for the  USA
its not cool w/ me that mexico is going to get all their product from argentina & chile instead of usa... going to lose billions in revenue
Your hypocrisy makes me want to puke
Chucky.they deserve so much more than representatives like you and your corrupt colleagues. NAFTA was a shame imposed on our workers #MAGA
Why? So you DEMS can put on a show with your SORIS PAID attendees to cause a ruckus & know NOTHING about NAFTA?

When all you can come upmwith is a pizza slogan, you're in trouble. Poor Schumer. Outraged at everything, boo hoo
I wouldn't trust a corporate democrat no more than I would trust Trump negotiating a NAFTA deal.

US WORKERS DESERVE JOBS!!! #AMERICAFIRST LIFT THE BURDEN OF ALL AMERICAN COMPANIES & LET THEM GROW ALONG WITH OUR US WORKFORCE STOP BEING A
Who held these meeting before NAFTA was instituted....No One. A lousy deal for the U S.  Stop campaigning and start working for the country
So you don't want them to do back room deals like the DNC?
Wait a minute sir. Wasn't #obamacare a backroom deal? It wasn't public on C-SPAN as Pres. Obama said it would be. #politicalhypocrisy
Hypocrites
Great Idea!!
Your only complaint is your exclusion. Nothing to add since you created this disaster
Says the king of the backroom deal.
You mean, just like what Obama did with Iran? The only difference, Iran will kill us all given the opportunity andTrump is protecting us.
I don’t understand how real Democrats are not so tired of you. You are an opportunistic pimp, big fraud & a power hungry obstructionist.
Nice picture with you Obama and the serial rapist. On tv
NAFTA has been sucking $$$ and jobs out of the U.S. for too long.  Time to change that, Chuck.
Hey chuck are you going to give Harvey Weinstein his money back?
You mean like Obama care was
You're right. Why didn't  you do that in '93?
You’ve been talking about a better deal and have literally laid out nothing. And that’s all we’ve had for the last 8 years.
You would not understand? Trade, Capitalism and Business are foreign to your progressive liberal socialist party!!!
Just like Bill Clinton!!!
You mean like the backroom deal that mafia was in the first place?
Don’t you ever work?  All you do it tweet garbage. Do something.
Why?
Keep dreaming...........if you really cared about American workers than @POTUS would not have been elected to clean your sh#T
You're the biggest hypocrite- tell us about the transparency of how Obamacare came about.
That is rich coming from you. You r such a hypocrite. You've done more than your share of "shady backroom" deals. U have no conscience 
Stop negotiating with Trump to build a wall. Dems should be working on their own issues and ignore the moron. Call Obama if you have to.

Says it all. You are who you hang with.
US citizens deserve an open, transparent Congress, which doesn't negotiate its legislation in back rooms.
I want the US government to leave NAFTA alone!
It's been a win-win for everybody and one of the most successful trade treaties in history!
Are you going to stop Cuomo from taking our pensions? Probably not because he is a democrat and a THIEF!
The answer is teaching from youth living the 10 commandments in particular thou shalt not kill!!! More gun laws is not the answer!
Just another stunt to prolong change. Do you even realize how long it takes you people to do anything. Meanwhile the working folks get screw
The same as you did.
So sez the master of backroom dealing...just go away Chuckie.
Hey chuck democrats are known for corrupt backroom deals!
Iranreleased terrorists 4a traitor,obama care pelosi we need 2pass B/4 reading it
That's some of your corrupt backroom deals, Ring a Bell hypocrite Chuck 
Now that we discovered we were getting shafted for many years, you want to negotiate? Obvious something was in it for you.
Loose lips sink ships 
Chuck, they also need you guys to do your job!
Seems that you folks did that when you were in control and negotiated it.
Oh like you did with obamacare swampking
Start with demanding Mexico bring its currency back to 4 when NAFTA was signed from 18 today makingit imposable for us to complete
I'm tired of buying US fruit & vegetables the are rotten in a couple of days.
No NAFTA "LETS MAKE A DEAL" NOT W/ AMERICAN LIVES THIS IS NOT A TV SHOW A H
Aren't ALL of republicans' negotiations back room deals? Ryan, McConnell, Nunes, The Moron, et al, are all lying, cowardly weasels.
US workers need politicians that don't party with Koch bros in the Hampton's. (I heard Lally's party was fab - wouldn't you agree?)
PUT AMERICAN WORKERS ABOVE COMPANY PROFITS.  CHUCK THE CRYING, LYING, SCHUMER OUT OF OFFICE.
Alert Chuck Schumer Grandstanding Senator . All talk no action . Coward to get in and roll his sleeves up and actually do something .
The problem with open hearings is corrupt, demented liberals like you  will crap on every word if you support it or not. Dems support Nada!
NAFTA was a backroom deal when Clinton signed it to law which again repubs did not want....proven wrong again Chucky
We need town halls for all major legislation. We pay all y’alls salaries 
They don't even have town hall meets for health care what make you think there going to do things different.
Oh God no. Please don’t let the politicians have a mic
He is going to blow it anyway
Like Obamacare
So don't let dimocrats take it to the back room to sell us out again.
Honestly, I'd prefer we not renegotiate any treaties while we're under a Nazi/Russian coup.
I would hope our allies would refuse to acknowledge this "government" at all.
You mean the duly elected government?  Unlike the fixed elections of hillary?
You mean like how @BillClinton and the congress negotiated the deal last time? #historyofnow
Um it was Reagan and Mulroney, Clinton just signed it.
Hey Chuck, NAFTA is a back room deal created by lobbyists that Congress signed! Don't worry, President Trump will fix it. MAGA 
NOPE....get on board with @realDonaldTrump  Sen. Schumer or you will lose!
That would interesting considering most Americans have no friggin' clue what NAFTA really does.
Thanks to DemocRATS we are screwed with NAFTA , why you never said a word about the TPP imbecile,hypocrite
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10155962362823754&id=525693753 …
Hey Chuckie, we don't want NAFTA at all !!!!
We also "deserve" a sane leader, can you get on that Mr Schumer?
GOP drafted secret proposal, want it to pass /w simple majority and argue Dems should work in bipartisan fashion. Interesting but no thanks!

You guys are the kings of back room deals. Obama care and the tpp .....
We want you to get to work. We don’t need townhalls. Just do your job. Stop wasting our money! Focus on one thing, tax reform! Get it done!
Puerto Rico is in trouble. Please do something! Thank you.
Thank corrupt incompetent San Juan mayor/ a corrupt liberal who should be held on criminal neglect 
Take care of #PuertoRicoRelief first
You wouldn’t even be talking about NAFTA if it wasn’t for @realDonaldTrump #DrainTheSwamp
Looks like donjon might try fixing his own Golden Throne?
Focus on one thing, tax reform! Get it done!
It’s crystal clear why you’re not presidential material, Chuck. You have no business experience or success. No track record=no credibility.

Who knows?  We're all so rattled we can't think straight.... just like the Dotard in Chief set out to make us.  He's won for now, Chuck.
HILARIOUS how U/Pelosi have embraced "resistance," encouraged hatred of our pres,  treated him like CRAP & now u expect HIM 2 work w/ you?Ha
You mean similar to the way the ACA?
Shut up.  You did nothing about NAFTA for years.   We support Trump on trade 100%.
As Obama said: "Elections have consequences so sit down and shut up."
US workers deserve an effective negotiation that isn’t second guessed at every step. One that isn’t sensationalized for political purposes.
But the "We've got to pass it so we can see what's in it" deal (ACA)was ok w u!

Yr just as phoney as yr plugs, Sen Forehead!!
Yes like the one they got with Bill Clinton that sent 70,000 companies overseas.
That kind of transparency
It takes all 3 Countries Mexico & Canada won’t deal with Trump once he tries to undo the Iran Nuke deal.
Chuck they are operating like you do on a day to day basis. Would love to have you have open transparent meetings on your proposed programs.
Hypocrisy survives, Chuckie voted against NAFTA in 1993. Now he likes it?
8 years of Back-Room deals and not you say something? What a JOKE !
We trust the president that is why we put him there. No one would every trust you. Besides the clown you are you have horns
Wait, backroom was okay for Obamacare. Again, you & your party never hear the American people. Time for most of you to retire. Too old...
I'll happily retweet your retirement announcement!
I am for that, how about you hold ALL of your negotiations in public as well. U know that that is not a viable option
Sir, are we going to die in the next few months? I really am not fond of that idea.
NAFTA screwed the American worker already
Maybe you should practice what you preach.
US workers deserved open,  transparent NAFTA during original negotiations.
and are you going to help all the farmers in the US how are you going to sell their crops?
Chuckles you don't speak for us. We want a better deal than the idiot that did the current one and don't care how it's completed.
US workers didn't deserve NAFTA. Where were you on that? Crickets.
A back door deal....are we talking about the deal @BarackObama made with Iran?
Americans needed open & transparent Obamacare legislation information prior to its passage, but thanks to Democrats it was a big secret.
how many billions will that cost?
You Dems ought to know about backroom deals. Remember Obamacare?????
Hey Chuck Weinstein supported so much the DemocRAT party lies about Women. Why don't you speak against Weinstein abuse of Women
So NOW you’re concerned about the bill you and Clinton developed. And you want to drag out discussions for how long? 2 years? Patriot 
That's funny coming from you.
Rich coming from Dems who sold oit American workers with cheap illegal labor
MR. SHUMER, PLEASE FOCUSNON GETTING THE MANIAC OUT OF THE WH!! You know dann well 45 NEEDS TO GO!! #IMPEACHTRUMPNOW
You need to get something done with the California fires. Massive pollution. Huge health hazard.
Maybe time to outlaw matches, cig. Lighters etc. The environment just can't take much more. The cause of these fires have to be found.
The time for action is now
What we want is for you to be out of office.
Not many of YOU, Jaye!
Backroom deals u know a lot about that
As USA largest trading partner, so does .  has asked 4 worker protections n at will work States. US needs to b humane & fair.
What about Puerto Rico? What about chip?
All of your deals are backroom. We have to pass it to see what’s in it.  Short memory chuck.
Exactly: !!' Chuck just like to hear himself talkhypocrite
Chuck has a memory ptoblem
Liar
Chuck,Workers Deserve Real Senator's.
support DACA build the wall help the dreamers don't just do nothing.
Chuck you and Obama showed us so well what a back room deal was that we now find it highly appropriate to replace it in another backroom!!!
Negotiable, Ask, Free, Take, Ask. More like NFA so as to not Take. Better than Chair & Wheel, New Cancers, Dolphin Palace, Cot, Box
Really Chucky!
How can you support the American worker and push a deal that punishes the hard work of the American worker by promoting outsourcing/ deficit
Right now we want trump out of the WH and we want Puerto Ricans to have food, water and electricity. TRIAGE
So you are continually taking matching orders from George Soros and Clintons.  You lost and are losing Americans voters
You and your buddy Weinstein are two sick people.
Here's Bernie Madoff's pal @SenSchumer with rapist Harvey Weinstein.
Oh, like your Obamacare back room deal.
Transparent, you are not.  When will you mention the tax plan would give those making 24,000 a break. They'd pay ZERO .
That’s what he is doing with DACA and soon to be Iran deal. Quit misleading people. You are the swamp.
We have to laugh at this coming from a life long politician
American worker don't need NAFTA.
All you Democrats and republicans how vote for NAFTA destroyed the Tool & Die and Mold Making industry. Politicians destroyed manufacturing
No they don't.
Why are you such a liar and doing nothing for ppl!  Resign,  let someone in that will do something for the taxpayers.
Sorry Chuckie, America FIRST. Charity begins at home. Wise up Chump!
OMG! Dems perfected backroom deals!  Signed - small business owner getting crushed by skyrocketing ins prems!
As transparent as the Obama Administration?????
YOU'RE one to be commenting on NAFTA, the deal U and the Clintonistas forced up U.S. and destroyed the middle class!

DC is all about backroom dealing
Too bad you didn't feel that way about healthcare.
@Eminem @BET watch the rap, "freestyle  rap" to grasp how to reach people, not just voters.  People influence voters. 
#lineinthesand
Your party gave us the back room deals on this already. Companies left in droves.
No deals with the Orange clown, we are watching
Stuff it!
Let's talk about your non compromise stance first.
Oh yeah that’s what we need,lol,will leave negotiating to the billionaire experts who do this stuff for a living. Are you really a boob?
Chuckie, please contact @BET and Eminem for real street cred please.   And I'm Republican
US workers don't benifit from NAFTA?! Like as if people who live in greatest country in the world are going to go work in mexico
You all suck Chuck. Rep. Dems. All of you. It’s just about gaining and keeping power, the “people” are not really what you are protecting.
NAFTA Obamacare Iran Deal Paris Climate Accord HEY CHUCKY ZERO TRANSPARENCY #TERMLIMITS #TELLTHE TRUTH
Open negotiations really? Did you do the Iran deal open , the Obamacare deal that nobody read, the Uranium deal , DNC deal to favor Clinton
#ISTANDWITHTRUMP #TRUMP2020 How many covert operations have you and the Queen of darkness ( @NancyPelosi ) held privately HUMMM CHUCKY
Schumer,Obamas, Clinton's, Time for you amoral scabs and your BFF @HarveyWeinstein go crawl under a rock  n hope the @FBI is obama appointed
