Another project us tax payers will pay for so New York State will not use their tax dollars.  Money no object when federal tax dollars
U secured that to line the pockets of ur union buddies who do not even do the same work as the ppl they represent.
The fact that it got to this horrific condition is astounding. They take commuters' $ and don't take care of their own infrastructure.
Amtrak is a private company right,...so you are giving money to big business 
Come on #CryinChuck
The government pays for every empty seat seat in Amtrak. That's the only way they get to keep going. Look it up.
The US puts government money into all sorts of things ... like subsidies to Big Oil. I prefer my tax $ goes to Rail instead of War!
You need to have a strong military to protect us. Show weakness like Obama showed and Europe shows then evil moves in. It is necessary
Do you realize we spend $2M per minute on military? Strength is one thing, excess is another. It's a DEFENSE budget NOT OFFENSE.
I guess you would say that after we are attacked by our enemies as well... #ClulessLiberals
Firstly, I am not a liberal. Secondly, it reveals a lot about you to resort to a personal attack rather than substantiate your position.
Kinda like how you wanted a flight delayed so you could finish your phone call? "Bitch"
Mr Schumer. More money. More money. Democrats staple.  Just spend and spend. Richest state in the US yet I have to help pay for it.

What's this? Another "Shovel Ready" boondoggle like what U did with OShito? The $ needs to go for Medicaid to save ur base; Illegals, Cheats
OH now you are a construction engineer? You have no idea what your are talking about
Great job delays and over budget

Sanctuary city's don't get funding
A lion doesn't need to tell people it's a lion. Everyone already knows. #behumble
You mean to tell me that you did this all by your self
Are you not the Queen of Delay Mr. Resistor? Delay is your style.
No money 4 sanctuary cities
Did cuomo get his cut?
Why aren't they???
Tell them to cut executive salaries and compensation then move forward instead of using tax payer dollars
What are they waiting for?
WHY do we have the worst rail service in the world?! Invest in public transportation!
Here's an idea Chuck, make it self sufficient!  You know, like if it where a private business. Everything the the gov runs is in shambles!!
How long has this needed to be fixed? Sounds like more dem failure to me. You have proven that you are incapable. Step aside Chucky!!!
Great job Chuck! U obtained $430M in Fed funding. Now how about obtaining $151M/yr in private $ by returning stolen Delphi pensions? Hello?
Schumer : pandering puppet , his leadership is why his party is dead . No ideas , just hate spewing responsible for GOP shootings God Knows
Patting yourself on the back? Don't worry Trump is actually going to do something about the infrastructure, unlike U, all talk & no action
government needs get out of running anything.  Let the free market work!
Too little....too late Crying Chuck
Why should we support U New Yawkers U don't support the middle of the country where the REAL AMERICANS are?
If you secured it and they are not fixing the tunnels where is it going ?
Resign Schumer
Politics wasn't suppose to be a career.
After you go with your head hung begging for $, hope they laugh like hell at you. Let the commuters pay for it. The rest of NY don't care 
With all the taxes you kill us with, your going to Washington and beg? After you call them the swamp? You have no morals or sense of pride
.@1choice  that's a lie you didn't secure anything you sold soul to the devils obuma and crooked. Now you want to SCREW voters
I love this comment 
What exactly does "I secured" mean, Chuck?
Adapt or perish.
How about a realistic cost benefit analysis.
Only 430m. That is the problem. NY politicans say it isn't enough for them to drag off the top. Bet only 1/2 would actually be spent on work
Amtrak looses billions each year. No more monies.
Hey Schumer - what about a tunnel extending the SI railroad to Manhattan? We only have a crappy smelly ferry & expensive bridges. HELP SI!
Chuck Schumer, you are the most hated Democratic Senator of all time!!
If you secured it - why aren't they using it?
Shut up Chuck
Chuck, Amtrack loses $32 per passenger.  Only 3 of 44 Amtrack lines make money, the rest lose money.  Maybe you should go to Japan  & at
It's just the east coast. U guys don't work anyway cute ur party so what's the big deal? INEPT Chuck
Sounds like another project that the D's mangled. This is reminiscent of the big dig,AHC & The Great Society. Nice job Chuck
Grateful to Sen Schumer for standing up against the White House corruption.
Excuse me ,corruption? I think you are confused, corruption would be the Clinton/obama administrations! There is factual proof!
It's awful to watch the democrats not care about their fellow Americans. Work for the people
@twulocal100 blocked me lol
How much of a kickback is @twulocal100 getting and @JoeLhota ?
Hat back room deal did you make foe 430 million. How did the rest of of the country get fucked?
They are going to wait till the Organge one finds another use for it.
Disrespectful, how would you like for me to call obama names?
No amusement park rollercoaster needed for a thrill. The subways are very scary along with the rats on platform's.
So proud securing Fedral Funds for New Yorkers! A true politician so proud to take the bacon home for his constituents, screw everyone else!
Didn't you know? U used your $430m to buy Putin coffee and donuts.
You are such a loser. You Cuomo and Billy destroyed NY LOSERS
Is this the cost to American people to get you to replace Harry Reid?You always have a hand in America's pocket.Start to earn the money.
Always whining
If only schools would teach accurate world history then no need 2 create curriculum 4 bullies racism even religious or class warfare
Great idea Chuck. They are inefficient so give them more money. That's the kind of thinking that put us $20 trillion in debt! Audit them.
There goes Chuck again  demanding things be fixed using my money
Did you do that all by yourself? It's not all about you chuckie



How long  have  you been a senator? and  why  was this not  a priority till now?   Just  wondering..

Hey maybe you should stop giving away stuff and start fixing stuff

Please don't give up on your fight for healthcare. Thank you and all Democrats!!
Don't pay your back too hard.....
Pat
And could you please fix the industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal, too? @samseder is complaining about it every day.
Always worry about crisis-"fixes" blinding perspective2possible need4 alternative solution;Why tunnel leaks&is there TECH to better solve?
Why doesn't NY fix the ptoblem?  Why do I have to pay?
Because they need to save the money for the illegal aliens that the governors protecting
Wow
Ladies and gentlemen this is exactly what is wrong with government spending. This type of logic
Don't hurt your arm patting yourself on the back Chuck.
Take money away from illegals defense fund
Oh and less we forget to AMTrack is such a profitable entity. It's a big sinking hole for dollar bills. That's where they go to die.
Should have given the job to the POTUS
Drain the swamp..... all the millions you threw away on the past four elections will pay for it
Take some money from your sanctuary city & pay for it
They need to overhaul the @transportworker & replace them with worker that take pride in their job @MTA @NYCTSubway @ABC7NY @NYGovCuomo
Hey Senator Schumer talk to Elon Musk about tunnels
Thank you Justin
Yeah, more welfare for welfare recipients,
Taxpayers r tired of u stealing the $ for whatever pet program & illegals & refugees for votes!!
Chuck and Nancy love to spend , excuse me, waste other people's money
Why not use MY money they want to give for free college?
Yes ol chuckie spends tax payers money so fast, you secured the ppl' money  why don't you , pelosi and mad Maxine pay it
Why isn't New York paying for it's own tunnels?
How did you guys let it get that bad? You did nothing the last 8 years.
YOU should have addressed this years ago, now you have anoth excuse to get into a twitter battle with @POTUS. Stop and do something
As I recall Christie turned down fed $ after project started under Hudson River. And those R folks in Albany had their uh...  stuff
Illustrates a prime flaw in D thinking,just spending taxpayers money isn't the answer.Bureaucracy spending other's money nets inefficiency.
Why bother, use zip-ties! It's definitely cheaper! And then the "trickle down" will follow! 
Pat yourself on the back Chuck. Asking for money is a hard job.
Jobs!!!
Chuck, It's great to see that you secured fed dollars for this. Now the rest of the country can feel the pain we feel in upstate NY
If the Democrats came out in full support of Bernie Sanders' infrastructure proposal in its non-privatizing glory, you'd have some stew goin
Am Traktor and MTA should be paying for their own dam tunnels with their dam money,not the taxpayers money.Mooch Mooch Mooch freeloaders !!!
Ask DeBlowzio for money
Of which 25% goes into Schmuckys reelection fund???
Youre some piece of work...did you cry for the money????
#maga
@SenSchumer you won't be getting any funds til you play ball.  Too bad. They can walk you libs think it's environmentally friendly
You liberals prevent progress--you are to blame
You're delusions would be adorable if they were not so misinformed
Gee-Schumer & Cuomo have been in place all of these years & now they are complaining? Get real.
Yet! They Do Nothing in NY!
Exactly what do you propose anyone do?  Slash their healthcare, food stamps and school lunch programs and educational opps?  Done.   By GOP
keep on top of the infrastructure--is that too much to ask? It is their job! No one is talking about the rest.
You do know that Senator Schumer does not control what happens in his State he is there to represent his State at a federal level
Liberal Really Are Clueless!
Democrats only measure success by how much money they can waste..
If they don't use that money on the subway, use it to get rid of your illegals in NYC. #resignschumer
Especially b/c the Evil Empire WILL take these funds away if they see them and are brought to attn by Chao. She'll do it on orders of Hubby.
AMTRAK subsidized for years lost BILLIONS and U were part of the corruption! U talk more crap than a hustler and a cheater
Chuck saves the day!
How much of a kickback is going into your pocket for that
Lost cause.  East Side Access was 11 years old last week. When will that get done? #lirr #wedeservebetter and #wevote
@AmerMedicalAssn cure in IRB analysis of smokers of infectious plants @RussiaConnects real test in safety standard @EPA bacteria based issue
Shaaaaaaade at @NYGovCuomo!
Trumpkin are perfectly fine with spending 3 mil per weekend for Trump's golf SMH - FOOLS
How would you know that? Let's see, you don't ! Sounds like you are jealous of a successful billionaire? Not everyone can be a Trump
Why don't they stop spending on illegal criminals and on free crap to buy votes?
WHO is  the person YOU are holding accountable $430m and ZERO accountability. #democraticboondoggle #careerpolitician @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor
What the hell chuck no crying of POTUS today? 
You actually are trying to do your elected job #thecryinggame #tearsofaclown #pedophilepal
And how much of that did you skim off the top ?
nah, they just need to vote your ass out of there! A dunk monkey could do better then you ol cryin chuck
@Amtrak is great. Best commute alternative where I live.
#TrumprussiaCollusion is top priority, this country can't move forward until Trump and Team Treason are behind bars. Top priority Senator !!
U still pushing that dead story. Even CNN admits it's a nothing Burger. Get over it and realize trump is going to #MAGA
That was so nice of you , the US citizens had nothing to do with it . What a guy??
Schumer suck goat balls!
Why do we have to pay for your tunnels....quit giving away free stuff to illegals and lazy ppl, maybe u cld fix your own tunnels.
Do these delays make you want to start crying Chuckie???
Approve the immigration reforms.
The country doesn't have enough debt from Dems and Obama (doubled)
Minus the amount that went into your pocket.
Should be paid for by LOCAL USERS and taxpayers not federal candy
Democrat-run hellhole turns out like a Democrat-run hellhole. Shocking.
The MTA is like an incinerated document. You can try to help the situation all you want, but at the subatomic level it's beyond repair.
