You people need to check yourselves on the powers of the POTUS. You seem to forget who lost & who is POTUS.
The POTUS doesn't have carte blanche to do what he pleases. He's an elected official, not a dictator (yet).
Dont try to NORMALIZE the MSM's behavior. They are embarrassing our country to the whole world.
Will you ever be outraged if they say Trump did collude? Doubtful.
If they proved it I would be done with him
We'll see!
Showed up as soon as this other story was gaining traction it seem
Slain DNC staffer had contact with WikiLeaks, investigator says http://fxn.ws/2rl4hjH 
Dont try to NORMALIZE the MSM'S & your behavior Chuck. You guys are unhinged. This isnt normal at all. You're embarrassing us to the world!
That's rich. Don't try to normalize Trump or his accomplices' behavior. Trump is the embarrassment.
No Trump is doing fine, the MSM is shitting their diapers everytime the left leaks any info from the WH. Everyone over 5yrs old sees it.
You mean the 36% who still support Trump?
MSM has made itself irrelevant now. Polls have made themselves irrelevant now. Its so embarrassing on the world stage. U shldnt normalize it
#NeverTrumpOrHillary Others Reveal—#HillaryClinton Hides Transcripts http://politi.co/1F9Hl6S  Al Gore/Huffington text  published online
I'm not sure you've noticed, but Hillary is no longer running for President and isn't riding a political party to boost self esteem.
#NeverDJTHRC What Do We Accept? Clinton Launches Progressive Organization For The People—To Help Newcomers Run & Win
Bernie continues to ride the Democrats despite his hateful comments and him not being a Democrat.
Lifelong #DemVoter in 90s vowed #NeverClintons—As for Bernie—Sanders returns to WI rally support for Hillary Clinton
Your source is FOX News...
Bernie Sanders rallies Wisconsin Clinton supporters http://www.msnbc.com/live-online/watch/live-sanders-campaigns-for-clinton-779757123652 … via @msnbc [Available Coverage differs in localities]
Is there a reason you keep posting crap about Bernie supporting Hillary? Elections over. Bernie is still interfering with Democrats!
I'm talking to LYING SCREWBALL SCHUMER!
NOT our HONORABLE POTUS TRUMP!
Putin mocks Trump at Russian press.
Oh please Chuck. They're discussing bombing ISIS. Which is what Obama should've been doing with the Russians. Stop hitching.
Waste more time not working for your constitutes in NY that elected you. They will tire of you. Yes, there are transcripts. Lol.  #MAGA
So you have more to stone wall get to work the American people r sick of you and your stone walling. SICKENING
And how will we know that the transcript has not been altered in some way?
You don't , he could be like Obama the Liar
Please tell me one of Obama's lies....
That I could keep my doctor
Like YESTERDAY when HR Master said that the story in the Wa PO was FALSE & then tRump bragged abt leaking to russians in a tweet bc he CAN
Trump did not say that he Classified info away - reread the tweet
That's exactly what Trump did. He's not denying it. "As President" means it's not illegal when the President does it.
Org leader is IGNORANT! doesn't believe that  leaked classified info. If told him the world is flat, he'd believe it.no reasoning
NO!  You just feel.left out
you should STOP obstructing the President. Pass legislation the republicans want or go home and stay there. stop looking for the boogie man.
And,45 should be grounded & have limited security clearance until he's cleared.Middle-schoolers know,not knowing is not an acceptable excuse
RUSSIA is going to provide U with transcripts ? Hack AMERICA'S DEMOCRACY?  CONGRESS  get serious ?DROWNING IN  SWAMP!?
Russia is willing to do so...so what's the big deal 
running your mouth without any evidence is very dangerous looks like 1st steps toward communism
Donald's boss Putin has volunteered to give said transcript, just ask him.
they need transcripts of Clinton and Lynch, and all Hillary's emails on Abedin's husband, all FBI memos Re Set Rich's death too.
Are the available for Obamas meetings ... or better yet Killary's with Huma?
Where was all the outcry about all the Clinton emails that were classified
Remember Trump said anyone who releases classified information should not be in government.  So he needs to go
You never went after Obama as you seem to have a thing for POTUS Trump.
Perhaps because obama didn't hand out classified info
no proof Trump did either. no proof of collusion no proof of any wrongdoing . there is NO There there
all Obamas screwups which were 1000's Benghazi 4 men dead news media & chuck silent Bridge Gate NJ still going nobody died unbelievable
#Russiaphobic @SenSchumer disparaging hard working Russian Americans and ruining a diplomatic relationship for his own political gain
Make it available to the American public.  It was declassified, right?
Hey Chuck you will one day answer to a higher power about your lies and deceit to the American people
Schumer, what have you been doing for New York during the last two years. Seems all you do is talk about our President, GET BACK TO WORK#
No transcript until Hillary's server
Blah blah blah
You sir @SenSchumer are making a big fool of yourself.
give it up schumer, you lost, nobody cares about this shit except you
Obama sealed his info! Where were you?
all senate communications should also be recorded and made public.
That is assuming the Trump team understand that is part of the job description. 
Chuck your mouth seems to be running on fast idle. You sound like a broken progressive left wing record. Aren't you embarrassed??
Hillary told the world how our nukes are launched and not a single person said a word 2 faced democratic's
Or you can get it from an "anonymous source" #wapo
Don the Con needs to start doing Summer's Eve commercials.
Or just have the Washington Post print the Intel Don gave to the Russians. After all, it's "wholly acceptable" to share!
He said he makes tapes of everything :-)
AGREE. THANK YOU SENATOR
Not once did you ask for an @BarackObama transcript even when he was selling us out to 3rd world terrorist. You #Marxist hypocrite.

asap? Really ? Should have yesterday!

Schumer, I think no, I know you should mine your own bigotry business!
Seth Rich was the leaker. It was never the Russians and all you alt left communist democrats know it!
Actually I do too!! Then maybe you'd give up this foolish act of trying to blame Russian involvement on Trump!
And tell FBI to sweep spy devices the Russian "photographers" planted in the Oval House and elsewhere in the WH.
Schumer you need to dial down your phony outrage.  You've yet to prove the phony allegation after 6 months the Russians stole the election.
So they can leak it to the press?
What a poor excuse you are for failing to work for our Country. What can you do to help Trump govern better? Saboteur
And release the supposedly classified info to everyone? You fool.
NO. UR not President. Run for office then share all the sht U want.
Why? on what basis ? How about you fork over #HillaryClinton 30K missing emails ?#MAGA #draintheswamp
I want to see the conversations between the liberals and Russians on how the unraveling of the US govt is going.
What are you afraid of Chuckie.Think @POTUS will sell America out? NOT! That is Obama,Hillary & Soros job,& they sure did a good job of that
There is NO case against Pres Trump. Investigate the real criminals, the Clinton's. So many lies and zero integrity.
@SenateDems show their #hypocrisy demanding transcripts of this @POTUS when they covered for the last administration.
They should re-investigate the uranium deal, Bill on the plane, & Hillary's classified email scandal. Ur a hypocrite!
And at the same time have Hillary's transcripts and server place for the public
We want the Tape Recordings, unless he only Tape Record Americans. We want the Tapes
I am lost, don't read coded comments. Hold on let me ask Trump to decode it for me.
Yes & to the public! His cover up UNclassified the intel material. Since it's now unclassified we the people have the right to see it!
Any issue you have addressed in the last 5 months have ANY credibility at all? Not in my book, chuck Schumer is a first class obstructionist
It's your duty to protect the American people.  Shut down the Trump Circus.  This has gone too far.  Makes Nixon look like a saint
Stay w/me, the person who leaked to media shd be prosecuted for mishandling classified info. How else would reporter know it was classified?
Skip the requests and start issuing subpoenas.  Time is now of the essence.  Everyone knows they aren't going to voluntarily do anything.
And his meetings with Turkey & Saudi Arabia. Our role and his speak in those countries must be aligned with what is best foe USA NOT #TRUMP
Hypothesis @SenSchumer is a over-paid Jerk who act like "Chucky"!
SIT ON IT Chuck!!!!
.@SenSchumer Senate & House should hand deliver subpoenas to @POTUS today, and demand all #TrumpRussia AND #Comey mtg. transcripts & tapes.
Nope 
When will you and the Dems stop playing games with peoples lives for personal gain?
time and time again you are proven wrong and to be a liar yet you keep on acting like your sad and so concerned. We love our new President
I'm so Proud of President Trump! Thank You Jesus Christ for giving The Right President for Country. Now lets finish the investigation of HRH
Enough!!! You have been investigating and investigating! Dems that cried Wolf!
As soon as you release ALL transcripts of YOUR meetings that involve AMERICAN finances and meetings with fellow democrats
There goes Cryin Chuck again.
Agree - this is building like a fire spark in a dry forest - just how big is this ?!
That is just stupid
Bahahaha Bahahaha Bahahaha ur stupid
My thoughts exactly. Keep it up! Ps I am your constituent.
Why?
Fool hypocrites
What's this tellinv Comey to drop Flynn investigation? If that's not obstruction of justice what is?
Yes!!!
Maybe Republicans should demand you to give us your transcript conversations with your fellow Democrats. Hypocrite!
Or Russia. I bet they have it all documented already.
Schumer sounds like my Aunt Gertrude.  Is that you Auntie, or fake man Schmuck?


No

Sick of your demands when it comes to President Trump. Who do you think you are? Nothing more than a corrupt biased Dem whose candidate lost
Like today or tomorrow!!!!!
You continue to be defiant.. r u only thinking of yourself not the people? Your party lost! Get a grip move on
How much classified info did Hilary, Huma, & Weiner release via her server, laptop,etc.?????.
@POTUS44 should make the transcript of the secret #irandeal of Sec Kerry's secret promises to the #Ayatollah and the cash for hostages deal

The same day Hillary confesses she sold out to anyone that donated to Clinton Foundation.
Just read TASS
A transcript of the meeting? wouldn't that mean there was a recording or a stenographer present to write everything down? keep fueling fires
Chuck, u know MSM & all your henchmen would nit pick this till the cows came home. Y not cross the aisle, shake hands & ask how u can help?
IT'S NOT YOUR'S TO HAVE-CHUCK.???
Why doesn't @barackobama release a transcript of every shady meeting he's had from BLM to Bob Creamer?
chuckie found something he could whine about so he came out of his burrow
the sky is falling the sky is falling YAWN
Not yours or any other senators business.. Know your role chuckie
MOVE TO NEXT TOPIC LETS GO LETS FIGHT LETS HINDER THE WORK OF OUR GOVT GETTING DONE LETS GO FROM ONE PC OF FAKE NEWS TO THE NEXT
I bet you want to know when he shits and lf he is consistent on the hand he wipes with.
@deedeewhite58 @POTUS 
I agree !
Obama/Clinton should make a transcript of every meeting w/anyone they ever spoke to available to intel Cmtes.
Why don't you go sit on your thumb?
We are talking about the incompetent trump admin. They have no transcript other than a few words. Had meeting with Russians, went good.
And I should win Lotto tomorrow.
And you Dems should work for us! NOT Special Interests!
Hey Chucky. You cry wolf so often you have no credibility on any subject. Zip your lips. You and your party are BAD FOR AMERICA
The Dems should make a tape of their conversations so we can see if they love the American People, or just love themselves. @SenSchumer
Stop spending all your time looking for Ah-Ha moments and do your job.
And what are going to do with that?? You defeated party should stop making things hard and difficult for #POTUSTrump! Let him do his Job!!
Short and sweet
They won't, b/c it would reveal Dolt45 for what he is - a spoiled child trying to impress the grownups in the room. "I know a big secret!"
Think we the people need a complete background check and financial check on you Crybaby
No they don't it just gives you more stuff to be distracted with instead of doing your job. Like working on healthcare reform. Get to work!
Thank you @SenSchumer for holding Trump accountable.  Thank you for not being distracted.  Everyone will remember your leadership.
That's never gonna happen. He can't give alternative facts.
#breaking #Trump SNAGS #KimberlyGuilfoyle 4 #PressPussy = #melania look alike #trumppussy
And if the w.h. doesn't? Americans are getting impatient.
My guess is none exists.
Sadly, "should" & "will" are 2 entirely different things in this WH. "Should" implies integrity...something this WH has absolutely none of!
I'm surprised no one has requested that they just hand over the tapes Trump supposedly has.
HEY SMUCK  WE SHOULD HAVE A TRANSCRIPT OF YOUR BACK DOOR DEALS. example. GOT A VISA FOR A SEX OFFENDER, dishonest about healthcare ect,ect
Do you ever stop crying like a 2 year old? Resign Meatball
@seanhannity Nothing there! Investigate Obama for outing Pakistan Doc who outed bin laden! That's a real invest cry baby! #fakepolitician
I believe all of these things have been destroyed. Logs, tapes, documents, etc. Watch J.Sessions. Taxes r being re-done? "TRMS" 3/3/2017.
Sad that you feel these snakes take actual meeting notes.
What a pipe dream??? Please no tears!!!
He should not get away with this or he should not do that...well he is and needs to be removed from office ASAP #ImpeachTrumpPence
or just put a request into TASS.
Let's face it ML, you, your Dem friends & the media are using every trick to stop the POTUS agenda.  It will work in the short term. #DTS
Shut up Chuck!
I think you can get it from the Russians quicker....
Sit down papa
Oh sorry you mean they leaked it to Post and not you 
I'm always hearing the word "should"
It sounds good but how about actually doing something about the issue?
Save yourself a headache,  get the transcripts from Russia! They're the adults in this mess. #Resistance #TrumpLeaks
Sad but true
Sure -
Just wait a little bit. Russia will probably release the whole thing pretty soon.
Your such a Hippocratic person always looking someplace for something  to complain about after you already did it before in the past
WHY DON'T YOU DO SOME WORK @SenSchumer ?! That would be nice!
You and the Dems are looney
