Senator I want my tax dollars to help Americans, to create new opportunities, not to go into a Black Hole of rich ppl
Then you're lucky Trump won.
trump rigged the election and colluded with the russians  
your trump betrayed the USA and the gop nazis are complicit
That's funny, I agree some folks should not vote..
Votes were eliminated  Machines were tampered Polling areas closed or suddenly changes, hours of voting reduced
Where when on CNN?
CNN is not always correct because there is a great deal of fake news all over the world not just the USA
They Make fake news.. caught as early as 2000. Gulf war
The gop is the party of mafia laws that are designed to steal the wealth created by the lower classes These rich create misery
That's the DNC not the GOP.
DNC is the convention
DNC (Democratic National Committee) is the formal governing body of the Democratic party. See https://quizlet.com/_7gxfh 
DNC can also be Democratic National Convention
Some of the rich have used the stolen money to make themselves richer and undermine Democracy
Yea like Hillary and Pelosi and Schumer
wrong
Citizen United made the rich more powerful than the rest of the USA  This fleecing of the USA by creating laws to rape ppl out of money STOP
Some of the rich ppl have used the money that they have stolen from the others classes to gain power over the lower classes
Also this is a wealth transfer from the lower classes to the rich which makes no sense because it never flows back
a tax cut for the rich takes money out of the system because the rich hoard it
If your congress members wanted to help woman, they would make you aware of Title X benefits.  If obstructionist, they encourage protest.
What happened to the ORIGINAL PP? OH, THAT'S RIGHT $$$$ DIMMS CAME IN, NOW THEY R JUST MURDERERS! NO FUNDING FROM OUR TAX $$!
False & lies Worn out message We no longer believe you Retire & go no with ur life stealing from someone else America vote out all dems 2018
Cry me a river.

#ShiftySchiff #BagLady #Sellout
There is no replacement for planned parenthood...That is a good thing. Finally

http://callyourrep.co !
Schumer is a Nazi lying commi anti-American evil demon devil traitor fraud bastard!
Taxpayers should not bear the cost of opioid addiction treatment when pharmaceutical industry profited from sales

News Flash!  Contraception is not critical health care!
News flash! For many it is. PCOS is helped by contraception. Try doing research and learn something
Oh, and when your ovary needs to be removed and help is needed to conceive, does PP do that too?
No but they never said they did fertility treatments nor does a reg GYN. They could find and refer

 you got a physical or follow up
Reg. GYN is what is needed for women, anything else is useless. I need no research, I'm a nurse!
Typical rich Americans trying to stay rich at all costs to all.
There is no place in the Fed budget for abortions or sex reassignment surgery for military or prisoners.  Dems have gone off the rails.
You're only cramming another nothing Burger down your throat!
If Planned Parenthood is serious abt providing health services & abortion truly only 3% what they do, then stop doing them to keep funding.
Can't continue to borrow money from China to pay for abortions.  This is not 1800's.  Abortion s//b rare.  Too many contraceptives 2 warrant
PP is abortion clinic, period. Same benefits still available thru Title X.  Title X has been around since Nixon.  All benefits except aborts
Constitution does not guarantee abortions 4 all.  If your state wants 2 pay for it, good.  I don't want my tax $ used 4 sexual irresponsibty
You are simply playing a game for personal gain. Enough Americans see exactly what you are doing to make a difference. Bye bye.
go take a nap
Where will all the uncovered people go,  to b the emergency rooms.  Thought you waited before... They actually might shut down. Whoda thunk.
Phony Schumer: God Bless People Pres Trump & protect  Pres Trump from evil doers like Schumer, Pelosi & schiffPlease Pres Trump
Haha
Wash. Has never been right,nor have U, start working with each other
U MADE BABOON BAMA CARE MESS! NOW WE HAVE 2 CLEAN IT UP! WIPE ALL OF IT OUT!
Hillary rigged the election by colluding with the Russians and Ukraine. She really did, Don jr. did not. He only had a 20-minute meeting
WHY don't Democrats come out and state that they are for GENOCIDE, EUTHANASIA? As usual, double-speak, lies, to scam the populations!
You mean the Amazon/Bezos Post? People are better off reading MAD Magazine or the label on the back of a shampoo bottle. #MAGA
Those damn entitlements. Once given impossible to take away.
PPH is Evil.
Don't need the Washington Post for that. GOP will always want to take from us & give tax entitlements to rich corporations & millionaires
If it weren't for corporations you wouldn't have a job.
Just rhetoric. The proposed tax plan would increase job growth & wages which have been stagnant for decades.
It will not. Trickle down is a lie. Only thing getting bigger is the bank accounts of the rich people.
As in any robust society, sport, game there will be winners and losers. Socialism does not work.
Thank you Senator! PPH is much more than abortion. Women's health care is under attack.
Mr. Schumer are YOU using Obama care? Yes or No?
Quit Lying to the People and do something to help rather then Obstruct and Lie
What planet are u from u people care about taxes the economy healthcare not about what Russian we talked to and your scare tactics
Maybe if you did your job over the years of stealing our $. Private sector jobs not Gov paid. Wouldn't have generational welfare .
Fake News
Blah blah blah

Called it what really is Lying fear mongering Chuckie Boy, abortion clinics. Not women's health.
Chuckles your so full of it
PLANNED Parenthood provides many health  services Health care is a serious issue & should be available to all & not be diguised as tax cuts
Baby killers


Yea Chuck because good doctors don't kill unborn baby's!!!
Thank you for continuing to fight for us (& indeed residents of other states whose Senators have cast their poor constituents aside)!
Sure Chuck.
Ti take 880 Million Dollar s out of Medicaid makes Trump care the worst piece of legislation ever Written @ACLU @AriMelber @BraddJaffy
Yeah take their word for it. When was the last time they had anything right. Pretty impressive Chuck.
You do realize many have no choices or limited now correct? 
Thank you Senator Chuck Schumer @CecileRichards @kantor_b Julie Kantor Gertz and Shari Kantor Pew My Sister s only @DNC @ACLU @AriMelber
#bigSurprise #FollowTheMoney
Whew. I'm so glad the cuts NEVER include men's health. Chucky....you're such a pandering tool
THIS HEALTHCARE ISSUE WILL BE OF THE SAME MAGNITUDE! COMPOUNDED BY THE HUGE BUDGET CUTS!
THE CRISIS OF 2008  WAS TERRIBLE.;WE HAVE NOT FULLY RECOVERED; IF ANOTHER CRISIS WERE TO HAPPEN IN THE SAME MAGNITUDE !WE WILL NOT RECOVER!

Why not develop a plan just for the poor and leave the rest of us alone.
If planned parenthood is so important to women why not have a big ole fund raiser so the tax payers don't get stuck with the bill?
So stop all business until the Trump Russia crap is concluded. Use all the procedures available to you.
Sen. Schumer, if Obamacare is so good get rid of your existing healthcare and sign up for Obamacare.
Chuck ...you are a good ball,  you should cry on TV again ,  that went over well
Yak, Yak, Yak ... Quit bitching and delaying and do some constructive work. What a cry baby boy!
You are an obstructionist not worthy of being a Senator. Resign!
Garbage!
The obstructionist oks the butchers!
Both you and Washington post have not had it right for years Chucky
Thank you for trying to stop these corrupt Republican politicians.
So??
And on goes your effort to pit groups of Americans against one another.  Whatever happened to calls for unity?  Truly nauseating.
That's a good thing maybe we can finally stop killing babies
THE SAME SCARE TACTICS USED BY @TheDemocrats FOR DECADES!
Not true!  The Medicaid expansion became crack to states.
DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD NOW
Women & low income..you dare talk to women like this, clearly suggesting they are too stupid to see through your well-defined rhetoric?
The plan was do good that it went bankrupt, yes keep Obama care. Fools
Ugh...you're even dumber than I thought if you read the Washington Post
Dear Chuck Schumer , question - do you have analytics to back that up or did your buttocks just impersonate you ?
You need a new attitude
Yours & the media's vicious rhetoric have enabled many who think its alright to threaten & abuse Potus. Youd better hope nothing happens
Chucky, you and FAKE news w.p. need to get your facts straight.
PP=population control and death. UnAmerican. No taxpayer money. And some may be your future voters. Oh wait, the dead can already vote.
More scare tactic bullshit to illiterate low information voters. Dems play a a dirty game of politics
Why is it that 4 The past 8 yrs under @POTUS44 & U the only ones that did VERY WELL is the VERY RICH???
Lol no body believes u
Oh we are cutting freeloader care and abortions? About time. Middle America winning again woot!
Tax cuts means no more freeloader care and abortions. I can live with that
Senator learn to tell the truth.


@SenateMajLdr @senrobportman #ManCare #PortmanDoesntCare #McConnellDoesntCare #ShoeInspectorRyan @SpeakerRyan
Blah Blah Blah
Don't believe chuck
Of course. And when you hurt women you hurt their children which effects another generation
How about responsibility!!!! Seein PP primary "care" is abortion!! Pull abortion from PP and see how well that program works

Americans can not afford this plan to be passed. Trump uses "wordspeak" constantly to confuse people. His word's mean nothing but deception
I knew that.
Why do you have fully paid healthcare and will not go on Obamacare if it is so great? Because is garbage an you would have to pay for it
Proposing ending the tax cuts for the wealthy will end any bipartisan talks initiated by Republicans.
Good. We voted dims out of office because we hate their ideas. More to go.
With lower taxes for companies, they stay in America and give jobs here instead of overseas, you smuck! No wonder dims keep losing!
Chuck why don't you step up and be a hero. Put all the crap aside and do something for the country instead of your 15 seconds of TV time
Planned parenthood was started by dems and put in poor neighborhoods to cut down on their population. Who are you kidding you clown!
Ironically people in the south will suffer the most
Tell your supporters thanks for giving up healthcare so wealthy people in Blue states can get tax cuts!  Thanks!
As a woman, why don't I have the right to NOT support pp chop shop? Except for abortion, other doctors still deal with women's issues.
Tax cuts that do away with the OVER-taxing that came with Obamacare. The American wealthy are not the Dems personal welfare service.
Why should we pay for abortion? Tax cut for rich? Companies will move if taxes are so high. Pay more in USA than anywhere in world.
#TrumpCare is just a huge tax break for investment bankers
Come on Chuckie....tell us what kind of health care you have
Women in need will have care through new healthcare plans. Planned Parenthood is libs' way to have taxpayers pay abortions-no way anymore!!
It's not nice to call a sitting senator a bleeding rectum, but u get that award with ur misleading tweet
Constantly slamming top earners that already carry 80% or more of total tax burden in the country is wrong.Those are the ppl creating jobs!!
Re WP article about PP funding- progressive liberals support them - I don't & I don't want MY tax $ going to them!
You are not telling the truth.  Why on God's earth wouldn't you want people to move out of poverty?
They won't vote for dims
I hope they don't vote for Dems!
Stop scaring the American people senator fake tears and a snowflake that really doesn't care about the American people just himself.
Obamacare failure = 2018 elections.  Democrats will be held responsible.  Resistance, great strategy.
And possibly jobs for people who actually work.
if you continue to go against God's will, you will be condemned to eternal pain and death in Hell.
chuck you r using the media for a source of facts? lmao
Chuck stop your #fakenews and start helping @realDonaldTrump pass his agenda #maga
Chuckles the swamper please
Just stop paying Planned Parenthood! Enough money for everything else.
But that's just want Dems want!!! Cuts to the rich so Bernie and Obama can pay less taxes
But he doesn't show his taxes
Again cry baby chuck you put fear in the American people for no reason. You're not a good person and should resign.
But as the Dem party is focusing on, being the party of heavily subsidizing the lives of others earns votes. U don't rep the working people.
We are not a socialist country.
STOP THE FRAUD then you will have the $
It must be horibble sleeping at night with so much anger. You DEMS suffer so bad from "TURD" syndrome
WP. Really. And any tax cuts will go to those who actually pay most of the taxes. Your a fool.
Mr Schumer. Again, you are not being truthful. Quit it.
You are so wrong on this issue.
We don't want Planned Parenthood replaced we want it revoked
Not true comrade Chuck Schumer
What is your strategy to stop this bill?  Besides calling Senators what else can we (and Senate dems) do?
The Washington Post insn't right about anything!
nothing stopping you from added an extra tax for the rich, you're welcome to tax the rich more, just due it.
I wasn't sure but now that you said it's correct.... I know it's wrong!
we believe in you! I am well off but i dont care if a few pennies go to aid woman /disabled /elderly thats why we were the greatest country!
if @potus @realDonaldTrump wants to put his money where his mouth is give universal care for all.
Chuck, are you really taking the Washington Post at their word?
thinking @Potus likes playing prez and not being prez. Nothing he promised us all.
Hmm diverting attention away from the Russia scandal today? Is it because it's starting to look like democrat collusion with Russia? Sad.
PP is a place where @DEMOCRATS  to stash cash (OUR MONEY) for campaign contributions. Make that illegal & @senatedems will vote to defund.
What are you hiding, Chuck?  How can you and your fellow Democrats vilify the rich and still get them to contribute to you.  Pay to play?
but you and the post have been dead wrong on your old friend @realDonaldTrump since he announced so your credibility is questionable.
This is now the land of the rich and the home of their slaves unfortunately.
The Washington Post hasn't been right since their endorsement of FDR
Washington post is a bias political rag
Horrible WRONG all to FATTEN THE 5 %
Antarctic ice chunk + GOP = Remember when the Canadians set that crappy government guy adrift on that chunk of ice?

Uh huh.u haven't seen it but u know all about it. Just like a Dem, no facts just fear mongering. U r no help 2 USA. #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp.

Yes, a dollar can only be saved & spent once, not twice unless there's new revenue generation. So, what's new?
Why r u people so set on killing babies? women have all kinds of things 2 use 2 keep from getting preg Not 2 mention keeping legs together
Exactly! Thank you.
Dems experiment in meltdown. But still whipping dead horse. Calls into question motivation for cruelty as well as leadership qualities.
Wrong again. Taxes on richest citizens and investment still in plan.
Must have No cuts to women's health care as a baseline.
Women are able to get health care at any doctor office! We don't need to pay for a chop shop!
#shutchuckup
Islamofacsists supremacists liars killers psychos
Time to talk is done stop the sh!t before the sh!t gets US
How do you lie with a straight face? Just good @ it? Aren't they still working on the Tax Cut bill,in Congress?Pitting1group against another
And the GOP does not care
Middle income earners are not  rich, we're HARD WORKERS! @SpeakerRyan @tedcruz @SenateMajLdr @seanhannity @TheFive @OutnumberedFNC @POTUS
Let the GOP defund PP and see if women don't storm the capitol building. I dare them.
Murderers? Hope the secret service tear them apart like the murdered babies.
