English please or take your translator and go live in Mexico.

no more daca Obama lied about them no amnesty either supreme court said  no,They came and lied about there age you did nothing
No!!!
move to mexico  chuckie,please
Maybe we can file a petition to get Chuckie to move to Mexico and get the hell out of here.
#RACIST
you're going to lose your cushy little chair in the Senate!! @realDonaldTrump
This is American, we speak English. Go live in Mexico or S America if you want to communicate w/Americans. Skumbag!
Schumer, Americans first. You are too busy trying to get ppl in and keep them here you forgot who elected you. WE the PEOPLE. U work for USA
Good ole Chuck pandering to illegal aliens. It must be great have all the illegals applaud you for ignoring our laws at our expense #deport
English Chuck,
Chuck thinks spanglish makes his lies truth. Since his party has no ideas, they resort 2 "slogans" & illegals 2 get elected #NYElectionFraud
I love how a Jewish kid from Brooklyn is tweeting in Spanish. Your dedication to public service and your constituents is admirable, sir.
Not!!!!!!
Chuck your in America!  It's an English speaking country! ! Learn English and get to work fixing America not Mexico! !
Why didn't you adreSS IMMIGRation when you held the majority in Congress. failed ineffective gov't. Stop whining and start leading.
DACA defenders are all supporting the breaking of the USA immigration laws. Send all of these moochers out of our Country NOW!
You ASS we Americans want all illegal aliens out of our USA now, that includes all DACA members, that broke our immigration laws.
See habla Espanol? Illegal aliens should be deported.  90 million unemployed/ under employed with illegals taking their jobs.
Really speak English ! This is America
Translation: "Illegal Immigration is the future of our country". Then some other gibberish about supporting a group that sends criminals.
a house divided against itself will not stand. call ur senator 800-939-5885 w/zip to stop party first, pass tax reform before it is to late!
Our three branches of gov't are hatefully dividing our country. America cant stand much longer this way. call ur senator. tell to pass taxes
illegals create a labor glut:  no raises, no job security, and millions of citizens on government assistance:  you are disloyal to america
How did we get here without illegal immigrants?
Pinche idiota the young American Citizens are the future
Chucky! My translation is out with all ILLEGALS ! I believe in "Rule of Law" and enforcing laws U politicians put in to ensure law & order!
#repealDACA
I vote in NY.  When I go to another country on a visit, I try to talk their language.  Speak English, what is your real agenda?
The Dems had a super majority in Congress during @BarackObama's first term & you did nothing. #zerocredibility
Why do you ignore the shootings and killings in Chicago!!!! Over 20 shootings since Saturday !!!
Guess u forgot american history TRosevelt said long ago ENGLISH is the language of US And immigrants must assimilate to America & r customs
UH!!!! ENGLISH please.
Chuck we are in America, not Mexico! You don't like DJT? Go to Mexico!
Andate a la cresta
please resign now chuck
Dreamers they are here illegally I say if they a an active member of their communities work, school not deadbeats find a way for them t stay
SPEAK ENGLISH CHUCKIE BOY. ENGLISH.
Chuckie, reverting to Spanish definitely sounds like vote pandering! Good luck!
Illegals go home
Here we go with the 3rd world language BS again.....
We know these Dreamers will understand, though....
Stop using google translate, you are so disingenuous.
Si desea denunciar a extranjeros ilegales, llame a Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) al 1-866-DHS-2ICE (347-2423).
If you would like to report illegal aliens, please call Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) at 1-866-DHS-2ICE (347-2423).
You shouldn't have to repeat yourself in Mexican/Spanish. Anyone in this country should speak Engish.
"English."
Sen. Schumer, the only reason U get so many responses is b/c U say & do dumb speak. Work for U.S. & all citizens. Not just for U.S.A. FIRST!
&pandering to foreigner criminals in non-English ugh. as though an american should need a translator to see what their reps say.
Mentiroso!
#CryBabyChucky is a huge #Pendejo come' mierda and he isn't fooling anyone  #MAGA
No Son ilegales. Los estadounidenses son el futuro de NUESTRO país. Esta es la razón por la que esperamos no ganar las próximas elecciones

American are part of the future too SENATOR it is best that you remember that fact too.
Speaking English language is first
Get civil war going early, Schumer, just write a bill granting full US citizenship to all residents of every foreign country on earth.
Especially the MS13 gangs! Right!
Que
Sit on this chucky
 bueno!
No their criminals!!! U know illegally immigrants! They grow up to be gang members and worse criminals!
Legal is legal stop the BS Democrats

The fact u post this in Spanish when they (illegal law breakers)have to learn English to be a citizen speaks volumes to lawful citizens
Senior chuck es bandejo
Eres un hipocrita y un mentiroso Schumer.   Guess you will need one of your illegal immigrants to translate.
Again schumer work for the USA say he an American suppose to be a senotor but yet doesn't speak English
Now Schemer is sucking burritos  lols 
right a real hispanic by. do not believe you can speak the language sissy boy
Speak English and stop pandering for votes.
I hope they give you all of their votes chuck, screw the taxpayers pay for more immigrant services
Hey Crying Schumer, SPEAK ENGLISH, THIS IS AMERICA, NOT MEXICO
Twitter needs to add on site, Press 1 for Hispanic, 2 for English, 3 for BS. @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
Chuck we are with you!  Thank you for helping those young people.
You mean MS 13 gangs. What at Ahole.
lol

I didn't know you were Mexican or speak Spanish! Learn something new everyday
THE DREAMERS ARE NOT THE FUTURE OF OUR NATION THEY MIGHT BE THE DESTRUCTION OF OUR NATION IF THEY ARE FOLLOWING SCHUMERS AGENDA NAZI ROOTS


Yea! @SenSchumer is running for office in Mexico!
Git 'em outta here!
el dumbo
Hey Chuck, Defend "US". If you and all our elected officials trusted with OUR lives. Defend "US", there would be no issue of this. Si?

You've given the incorrect group credit - it's working American citizens  You're just pandering to get their votes -- legally or illegally.
So now we have to wonder if you are really Chucky or an imposter going further.
Defend America. As a nation we decide who comes here. If we had welfare reform we could have the open borders you want. #Liberty
Get your ass in Mexico where it belongs chuckie
Give me the same subsidies as you get on health care and maybe we can talk
Traitor
Speak English! You are part of the problem.
Hey, Chuckie speaks espanol. Must be some votes there. Just hope they're US citizens, not that he would care.
¡Los días de la inmigración ilegal sobre Chucky!
As you turn a blind eye to the issues Americans have. Chicago Baltimore Detroit I could go on
Love Donald Trumps new ad he really knows how you obstructionist are these days
Los Americans son el futura de nuestra nacion.. no los illegals.
SCHUMER IS JUST PANDERING TO FOOLS .
Start defending American workers and jobs! #AmericaFirst
Payaso
Si!
You've got that right
You speak Spanish?
