Was this the pie at @IvankaTrump and Jared's party that you attended?? Hope the millionaires and billionaires made you feel good!!
The party wasn't hosted by them. You really should get your facts straight. They attended the same party. Along with hundreds of others.
Don't really give a shit who hosted!!
This man claims to fight for NYers and yet he's partying with Trumps daughter and one of the Koch brothers. Yeah real fighter for us!
Do you have an endless supply of pictures saved on your phone/computer that you use to try and demean people on twitter with?
Is it just me..... has anyone else noticed that America hating Democrats never refer to today as Independence Day?
They probably wish we were still British subjects.
Butter than Russian.
Killary would know.
She sold our uranium to them.
It was secret deal to pay off Trump's prostitute tab. Tab was so big, it wasn't enough, though. That man does like his liquid refreshments.
Same to you and yours Senator.Please keep up the push to uncover the Russians involvement in our elections and stand up against Trumpcare.
Chuck...
Cool!
Thanks
EAT COW PIE DORK
what do you know about patriotism you commie?
Damn!!
Love the pie, can't stand Schumer
Your a hypocrite
Very nice!
CHUCK FIGHT THEM REPUBLICANS FOR OUR KIDS NEED YOU!! CALL AMERICANS TO THE STREET BUT GET RID OF THE ROGUE REPUBLICANS!!

You're far from patriotic. Pandering artist maybe.
fancy Hamptons party,ivanka&Jared walk in,you "love America," yet you don't leave party-put your social life where your mouth is, pls.SMH.
Is Chuck Schumer really a USA Pie?
These are a few of his Corrupt friends...
How was your party - with Kellyanne Conway, Ivanka Trump & the Kushners? What had you been drinking, what were you thinking? :(
I believe it violates US flag code for the stars not being on a field of blueberry. Happy Independence Day. #KeepAmericaGood
Fourth will be better when democrats figure out we the people elect presidents and you respect that GOD BLESS YOU
I know how Pres are elected. I also know respect is not automatic. One must act the part.
Really great suggestion for democrats
only after the government takes 30%
Happy 4th back at ya, from Canada. Sorry you were sick on your birthday. It will be okay. You have a strong constitution. Get well soon.
Hey; would it help your attitude if you ate that?
It's crumbling a bit...metaphor?
Same to you
Looks like a 2 year old slapped that thing together. You must visit middle America where we know how to make a good pie!
please resign now
Will be a happy day when you're out of office you told.
The word is toad
Same to you Senator Schumer. One of my few favorite Politicians.
happy 4th of July to you now  respect  our President .

That is a very nice pie.
To bad you're not a patriot
That pie looks like wood. Happy 4th to you.
Happy 4th, Senator Schumer!
Trump wants your name, dob, voter history, ss# uploaded to an UNSECURE site sniff smells like voter suppression
Summer reading: The Making of Donald Trump, The Man Without A Face, Captured by Sheldon Whitehouse& A&E series Hitler
Do you even know why the 4th of July is celebrated? I doubt you can answer that question. Google it
Chunky do you even know what this day strands for.
Chuck u Schumer
Chuck Schumer, Mr. Patriot, celebrates our country by routinely lying to the American people.
Wouldn't matter what he posted, if Chuck isn't body slamming a reporter/cable news logo then he's not modern/good enough 4 rePUBES!#Getagrip
Same pie that you had partying w/Jared, Ivanka & the Kochs in the Hamptons? I'll pass ...
You forget the document that got us here and only plan what rights you can tax more on
partying with the enemy...you're a fraud. #whatthefuckchuck???
@SenShumer Nailed it!
Your a hack schumer!!!!!
You know what makes me a Proud American, We have a president  not afraid to protect our country. he loves this country and takes care of vet
Chuckle - Just wondering if you called the woman who made the pie a bitch?
This is so good it makes me want to do my indepen-DANCE 
ヽ(＾Д＾)ﾉ (￣▽￣)ノ ヾ(＾∇＾)
.@SenSchumer Hope you had a great 4th with Ivanka Trump and Jared in the Hamptons.
#sellout... #TrumpSupporter
Happy Independence Day, sir. Thanks for all you do. Love & light from London
yum pie and happy 4th to you and  yours
H wondering if this flight attendant thinks your a real jacka**?
#FAKESENATOR
Mmmmmm
you are in fir the money. You give s$&"t about us
Please have the servants add some whipped cream, Senator.  Seriously, this is New York, after all.

#AmericanPie
OBSTRUCTIONIST  CHUCKIE, IT'S TOO BAD YOU WOULDNT EAT SOME HUMBLE PIE...AND ENGAGE THE PRESIDENT TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
In your case Humble Pie
SENATOR HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY SIR!
Don't let Republicans destroy this country.
Hmmmm.was that what they were serving at the Hamptons party? A bit surprised at the elbow rubbing with trump kids and KAC. Smh
Hopefully will be your last one
I'll see your bid. And call. Here's mine.
still at the party in the Hampton's with Ivanka and Jared? Where do your loyalties lay?
You Dingbat, it's a picture of a pie. RESIST being a dummy
Many blessings to you & your family/friends!! xoxo
Happy 4th! #25thAmendmentNOW
Happy #July4th  Senator to you and your family.
So on camera ur pro USA & constitution? That's called 2 faced lib progressive cry baby
#shutupchuck
How creative! Did he make it? Cool!
A little phony patriotism there chuckie
@GordonRamsay - Care to share opinion on this pie?
BTW Chuck - keep up the hard work!  Thank you!
You too!
why do you cry  ?
Donald T made it an 'American Pie'
Because he fucked it BTW
Clever

Chuckie, what was the name you called that airline stewardess , oh yeah, you called her a Biitch.
Nice ! Drop a few patriotic scoops of a good quality rock hard vanilla ice cream.
#OBSTRUCTIONIST
That looks very delicious. I wish we had a slice of our own. 
You forgot the hammer and sickle.
Sweet!
Think there is enough to share? Oh right, you dont k ow how to share
Chuck I'm 13026 and I have to say Thank you. Thank you and all your family incl @SenGillibrand. I hope we get to celebrate again. Hugs & OOO
Cool pie! Happy 4th Senator!
maybe you should have a slice and quit your hateful rhetoric and get back to writing bipartisanship legislation.
Guess he's forgotten our colors, RED WHITE BLUE would think a US senator would know this.
Share your recipe for imPeach Pie and I will bring the ice cream. Happy 4th and thank you to all that have sacrificed for my freedoms.
It's the Best Independence Day in 8 years!! Because we actually have a God loving POTUS who loves and respects America and the people!
Just looking at this lovely pie makes my heart beat faster and sends my blood sugar up at the same time! Thanks for sharing.
It does look wonderful! I love shortcake with blueberries,  strawberries and whipped cream for the 4th...now my mouth is watering
Looks good, can I have a slice
Happy 4th, Sir. Thanks for being a patriot. Awesome pie.
Oh, and #25thAmendmentNow #EndTheWHFreakShow
Happy 4th to you - and whoever made it, that is one nice pie. I would be thrilled if I had made a pie that looked that good :)
Would look better slammed in your face!!!
Chuck! I didn't know you could bake!  Very talented you are....now get that ridiculous excuse for a president impeached already! Happy 4th!
Chucky's always baked.
Happy Independence Day to you too, Senator. Thank you for working to preserve our freedom....And save me a slice of that yummy pie, please.
Obstruction an cherry picking laws isnt preserving our freedom.  Creating jobs, lowering taxes, enforcing laws is patriotism.
Enjoy it with the #HumblePie that you are eating for the American people seeing through your political bullshit! #MAGA #DraintheSwamp
Thanks SCHUMER!! Keep fighting the good fight. Try to pick Republicans brains and bring them OUT OF THE DARKNESS INTO THE LIGHT
Patriotic kids from the great state of NY
Chuckie the Clown has no idea what a Patriot is!
Did your servant chef make that?
Love you Shumy. I forgive you for your niece.
Looks great, enjoy!
Chuck, not THIS patriotic, BUT I do love that pie! I would eat the stars, first.
Sen. Schumer, that is an Awfully Constitutional-looking Pie! I've decided not 2 be outdone Pie you & am going 2 create1 even Ben would love!
think of the apple pieces as baby parts. Enjoy your pie. https://youtu.be/cOe71YhTwEI 
U bought into a REAL FAKE NEWS REPORT!! Lmfaooo u really should get educated b4 embarrassing yourself again!! AbsolutelyDebunked7ways2sunday
Just not feelin it
How was your party with ivanka?
Thank you! And thanks for avoiding American Pie faux pas !!
Looks Delish!
Something positive!
Happy 4th Senator Schumer!! 
Same to your and yours. No politics today ok?
That looks good.  I'll be right over!
Happy 4th to you and your family. Thank you for defending our country and for standing up for those who can't speak for themselves!
What do you know about constitutional law or you're party senator Schumer?
Are you celebrating with the kushners?
And the kochs & bartiromo
Right back at ya!! The people make this a great nation!!
Stop trying to flood America with those who don't share our values and want to kill us.
Chuck Schumer doesn't control immigration. Shame. We need more skilled doctors and other highly trained professionals.
Get as many as you want you pathetic ___t it won't make any difference
Dude, worried about my healthcare not your instagram photo. Grow UP!
Beautiful & looks delicious!! Sharesies @SenSchumer ?
Happy 4th from 1 of my kiddos to you
That pie would taste better if this administration was incarcerated
GOP loves u
Go further left
Same to you, sir!
Same to you and yours
