...its Likely to be under ice again in 10000 years!
Maybe we should impose climate mandates on all volcanos, earthquakes, and such. .. .
Look in the sky it's a plane it's a cloud no it's CHEM TRAILS !!!
Funny to think u can help control the weather.
..and burdened business out of business you could not tell any difference in overall climate change.  We are not in control of this Earth!!
Climate change is controlled by God not man.  Seriously Chuck,!  You really think you're greater than God.
Oh now ur a meteorologist maybe u need to council with gore he knows all about weather u know he created the internet right?
dude get over your climate Chang  bull crap. do you really think we are idiots? s. and figure how to make our country civil again  loser
Climate change alarmism is a scam. You can keep pushing it, Senator, but millions of Americans have got your number and we're not buying it!
Maybe you can tax it
Your # 1 priority is getting rid of the Orange turkey neck
Oh really,what could the dinosaurs have done to stop the change then......nothing.  Climate changes all the time
Good idea Chuckie.... Stop the hot air
You must have produced Gores lie filled bomber movie! Why did the greatest science man who was the globe chair resign? He said it was fake!
..impose mandates on continents mving acrss planet.  Dn't forget mandate to build dome arond globe so our kids dn't get sick.
Polititians!!!
..and if the whole intire world imposed climate mandates we would only affect 00.5% change. If that.
10000 yrs ago America was under ICE...
Just keep the fear and lies coming, chucky!
at a time when liberal democrats are so volatile ,we must do more to fight there political agenda& protect our communities
At a time when the President is tweeting about ESPN ratings, the liberal Democrats are trying to prevent the cause of the wildfires,
the hurricanes and the gun-related massacres endangering our communities
gun-related massacres=committed by 90% liberal democrats
what's your source for your stat?
google just type in ,most all mass murders were democrats
I just did. Turns out your sources are "alternative" facts:
This is what I got:
just like
bull shit
If you cannot get China to cooperate then it's a mute poiny
God has this not u

Man-made global warming, oops, climate change is a hoax. Why do NOAA NASA IPCC continually go to past to adjust actual temps? LIE HOAX
I think off people knew that weather can be manipulated by man, we might stay thinking why does man want destruction on man!
Lying chuck!

So, now, the Dems want to control the weather AND our lives??
.. immediately th earth will mve & New England can enjoy anther spring & summer in Nov Thru Jan!??
 IF WE imposed EVERY climate MANDATE...
If we as people have control of climate then..every person in Southern Hemisphere jump at absolute same time, same height, land same time ..
Stop!! Retire already your old and out of touch
they like illegal non speaking English voters .
climate change is a bull crap theory at best . And you losses have been giving 14 billion dollars yearly to the friggin UK
Control the weather control the news control the masses control the market. Lots of money to be made with control
Lol
Chucky, you know that Data is manufactured. You know your pushing off FAKE science on your constituents. The power of corruption, makes lies
Really. You can't prove anything is real with climate change

@SenSchumer  geoengineering.... they are changing the weather.. .has nothing to do with greenhouse gases.
Developed countries should help developing countries to reduce the impact of climate change
Is that all you got?  Weather?  Can you say term limits?
Shame on you Senator, you know full well @NOAA & other scientific organizations have stated UNEQUIVOCALLY there is NO such relationship.
You should feel personally responsible for the rise of the Oceans #CryingChuck, shame on you.
Mr negativity
Blah blah blah
So you go Chuck!  Fight it and report back to me on your results.  I will be waiting to hear all about it.
LIKE BURYING ALL UTILITY LINES! DUMP LYING, CRYING, CHUCK
And how about budgeting for this? Everybody knows it's going to continue.
Why are Bannon and others who openly want to overthrow or government, not being charged with anything?
Stop the sin and quite pushing God out of society. Then you'll see a relief in our judgement as a nation. Climate change is not the cause!
Are you kidding me, pot is legal in DC?
Pentagon polluted entire nations with depleted Uranium & Agent Orange, so climate change is the least of their problems.
What we need are representatives who don't perpetrate hoaxes for the purpose of grabbing more money through taxes.
All politicians want is more money and no explanation for what the money will pay for
Senator, How many ice ages has Earth gone through before man and the burning of fossil fuels?
#pancakes
Not with this bunch of yahoos
Why not build the wall and get rid of sanctuary cities and now states that would make all safer! No less!
You must be investment buddies with Gore and Obama. Getting greedy on the going green thing?
Me Schumer your credibility with the American People is gone. Associating yourself with people like Harvey Weinstein is dispicable.
Climate change is a socialist globalist scam to control peoples lives.
Stop the lies chucky
Chuck, at what point in history has the climate not been volatile?
Have we never had violent weather before. When they say it’s the worst storm since 1908, was climate change a problem then. Schumer dribble
You can't  control God's earth with your political rhetoric. One good volcanic eruption will start a deep freeze. 
Seriously? How about protecting our communities from illegal criminals? Pass Kate's law, end sanctuary cities. U don't care!
Global warming is a hoax Chuck... it's a scam to milk more money out of American companies... loser
What have you done to prevent pollution. Oh yeah, private jets, reams of useless paper and security vehicles following you around. Useless!
Stop stealing http://our.money  for your cult Senator Schumer
One day the Marxist climate hoaxers should be put on trial for crimes against humanity.
Our weather I'd NOT volitile. Stop the fear mongering senator. Everyone knows global warming is a fraud
He has fall for the scam perpetrated by SCSMITOLIGISTS  to avoid having to work at a Starbucks
Chuck, weather has always been volatile.  The problem you face is you are running out of ideas to take money from U.S. citizens.
Protect us Americans!! Something you fail to do
Senator please organize congress to protect us from Trump's ability to blow us all to kingdom come!  He's unstable weak and crazy!
#climatechange God destroys nations using natural disasters! #Harvey #Irma #Jose #Katia #Lee #Maria #Nate #wildfires #floods #tornadoes
Shameful pandering to the uninformed masses who listen to media to obtain academic guidance.
Once again Charles Schmuck Schumer  you have no idea what you are blabbing about.
Good luck fighting Mother Nature--
How do you fight climate change? We’ve always had climate change since the beginning of time. Scientists don’t even agree on global warming.
But they need grants to study their scam or wind up at Starbucks
Talk about being gullible, schumer you take the cake
CO2 is not causing this climate change.. you must already know that. Tell HAARP to stop messing with the weather..and stop the chemtrails.
The left thinks they are so mighty that they can change the weather! Stupidity!
Chuck please check history. Multiple hurricanes and weather event even worst then now date back to the 1800’s. Foot In Mouth!
I agree. Prior administrations have tried and failed to work with the weather. @military action is the only solution #trumpisdahmoab
What caused all this weather a thousand years ago chuck dinasore shit
We need to shift to 100% clean energy before 2045 for good jobs, health & national security
Oh Senator.. I'm pretty sure Americans have grown quite used to your whining by now. Have you taken a moment to notice any of that?
I thought weather and global cooling?.. umm, warming?.. umm 'climate change'?.. were unrelated?  Can you cultists get your story straight?
Climate changes all the time, it's just how it works. Ask your buddy #HarveyWeinstein  #PartyOfPerverts
At a time when the president is so volatile..Our government really f'cked up. Idk but they have to fix it! #saveourcountry
Its up to you. You and other Dems must save our country and planet from the GOP devils.
Boooooo! Climate change is a lie. Weather has always been volatile. Always. Stop spending money on something we can't change.
When is all the madness going to end. We are hurting from this administration. I have lost all hope
Like what?  Raise taxes?
Really, save carbon shut up
You and Nancy are doing a great job to insure Republican rule. Keep it up.
You must think your constituents are pretty stupid to think that man can control the weather
Get some sun screen, board up your windows and shut up. While you're at it, get to work.
How does the DNC going to do that? The head of DNC not resonating young voters or any I can see Surely come up w/something besides antiTrump
Do more? We do more.than any other country. And it has cost our business millions. But u don't care.
...charged under the Environmental Act. I'm sure it would be okay to advise him there are consequences. Sen.Corker accurate re Pres.
I wonder if Mr.Pruitt knows it is the Congress authority who writes the laws provided to the EPA. For Flagrant reckless action. he could be.
What about protecting innocent unborn children?
Don't confirm

yes Trump has an infantile mind, and is appeased by destroying all he possibly can that President Obama sensible put in place.
Stop geo-engineering. It's really pretty simple. Most educated Americans know that gov geoengineering programs are messing with the climate.
Yes we. in all the other countries know that, But you have to understand Mr.,Trump's Pass time is thumbing Nose at everything President Obam
Climate Change - A made up term by scientists to get more government money.
Extreme weather happened long before the Industrial Age. #fakenews
Climate regulation hurts poor the most. There must be a way to protect the poor with any climate discussion!
Trump but wants to destroy the world!
Yep and @SenSchumer & @NancyPelosi busy helping @POTUS tell his LIES and get more photo ops... DJT cant be trusted #DACA
@amjoyshow @JoeNBC
Hey you do know you are judged by the company you keep #HarveyWeinstein
https://www.gofundme.com/get-trump-and-crew-out-of-wash?pc=tw_co_share_m&rcid=r01-150765882784-8751391557584add … via @gofundme
how bout you focus on actually protecting our community like supporting police or drug rehabilitation.tell china to fight Climate change.
It's called a naural cycle of weather moron !
For all that is holy do your homework on this before tweeting
Win. This.
Climate change is total bullshit chucky ! Your wrong again
So climate does indeed change over history
Evid sug that the anomaly was predominantly a volcanic winter evt caused by massive 1815 eruption of Mnt Tambora in the Dutch East Indies

The yr 1816 was knwn as ‘The Year Without a Summer’ in NE because 6 inches of snow fell in June and evry month of the year had a hard frost.
Let's start with Chicago. I heard a rumor there is a lot of lead in the air

If it was caused by man it should have been worse when we had more Factories putting out so called pollution. Now we hv less Factories, Hum
You just proved yourself as NOT qualified to talk about science. YOU CAN”T CHANGE THE WEATHER, CHUCK!
U are so out of touch and continue to spout your BS. 
Go clean up China India and Iran. World's biggest polluters
Get a grip Chuckie.  Earths weather has always been volatile
Hey! Whatever happened to ACID RAIN? Not in vogue now it’s CLIMATE CHANGE! Give us break and go away
I'm good thx
Belowww meeee
LMAO...oh Chuckie, go talk to the real polluters, China and India!
Agreed
Feel like all of Congress is an embarrassment to our Country. Stop talking BS and work together!
DON'T YOU THINK THAT WHEN YOU ADD THE BOTTOM LINE !WE SHOULD DO SOMETHING TO STOP OR DEMISH THIS?   YOU ARE LEADERS TO MAKE DECISIONS NOW!
IF YOU WANT TO DO THIS IN NUMBERS !THINK OF THE COST OF ALL THESE HURRICANES IN ALL THESE YEARS ?THINK ABOUT THOSE THAT HAVE NOT HAPPEN?
Term limits. Baby
Yes, please. Doing that will require a change in leadership and, sadly, that is not going to happen soon. Please, please, concentrate on Russia so we can indict and kick the whole mess of them out. Then there will be room for real leaders.

Animal Ag is the #1 cause #GoVegan
It is not Climate Change it is GOD's Judgement!
Read "The Harbinger" by Jonathan Cahn!
Climate is a global issue, our carbon print has consistently gone down - MANY others cannot say the same!
And protect our daughters, sons,sisters, brothers & wives, husbands from prominent wealthy powerful sexual predators-with me? @NancyPelosi
Coal is not the future, its the past. Create the new electric car every Chinese will own before them for real economic success. #ProtectCPP
Chuck it simple stop burning
Chuck there's really only one issue.. Deforestation! look it up.   All the other things you politicians spout are BS..
Check out Chemtrails that kill trees with the poison they shoot in air to control weather. You Tube, Peterson, at UN conference
This is called a #NonSequitur - An Invalid Conclusion to a Separate Argument - Apples and Oranges, Senator - You Know Better that this, C'mon.
Unfortunately every species has to come to an end. If we are not intelligent enough to adapt, our extinction will come.
Schumer why don't you talk to your liberal environmentalist who share a part in the wildfires ???
The loons on the left are so arrogant they actually believe than can affect the weather.
We must do want we can to fight liberalism. The biggest scourge on earth....
Anyone from the white house going to address the wild fires?
Hmm , now crying Chuck is blaming environment on fires that was caused by to much rain in California .
You, sir, are the reason why we need to re-fund public schools. Your statement is factually wrong, illogical, and it appears that you are also functionally illiterate. I'm sad for you.
Yes but you sit there and create photo ops for @POTUS who doesn't give a damn or keep HIS WORD #DACA #IranNuclearDeal @amjoyshow @JoeNBC
still respectfully waiting on iceage answer.
If we want to do more how about getting rid of Trump? Clearly obstructed, clearly incompetent
How can the president obstruct when congress has to send him the bills. What Bills has he obstructed so far??? U must of had a lib education
Hey Chuck.  It starts at the Top. #ImpeachTrump


please mankind cannot control the weather nor the universe nor its destiny.
WHAT JOKE SCHUMER.  HES JUST A CON-MAN

Senator, please don't forget this:
Hey media handler, find out if the Senate votes on the clean power plan please.
Thank you Senator! Keep up the great work representing the American interests!
He sucks
