Got to trim some of the fat first (fraud welfare , fraud housing vouchers& of course illegals kicked out) will free up $ for infrastructure.
Fraud usually is found and acted on. The need is real. His proposals hurts growth areas. Immigrants are net profit. Pls check sources

That is tragic. The soldiers who were shot this weekend? The mass shooters? Look at the statistics. He's deporting good ppl & kids too.

How about trying to work together?  I know it's a crazy notion...
He Still Crying Over Hillary!
Come see WNY it's becoming another Compton CA thanks to your liberal policies! You've done nothing!
Bring in more Poor is Schumer's Logic!
And Your Promise Schumer?
Trump's budget is a disaster. As is TrumpRyanCare. Please stop this lunatic from snuffing the life out of our country. #ImpeachTrump
Been investigating Russia allegations for almost a year now. How much longer do we need to waste out time and money on that nonsense ??
Let's see. How long was Hillary investigated? How long did Trump pedal the bs birther story? Only, this one's real and ur ppl r going down.
It was time for Comey to go... everybody knows it  ....Hilary should be behind bars. Firing him does not imoead any investigation .
Ur clearly another concrete-head - all mixed up and set hard
People like you are not interested in facts only shit reported by "unnamed sources".
Didn't YOUR infrastructure legislation fix all THAT? You know shovel ready and all that nonsense...
Oh,  like the tunnel Christie kiboshed that will now cost so much more?
Go tell your democrat reps loser. $800 billion and nothing to show for it. Your problem.
Amazing how the folks who stood on the way of progress are now casting blame. Akin to not paying 4 education & blaming kids for not learning
#trumpbudget is a sham- only out for himself.
Wholly crap chuck u guys had the last 8 years to fix the bridges but instead they got worse.
-cause he plans to sell it to his oligarch cronies to make them richer
MSM already putting down the President because He told member's of NATO they need to pay there share.
Not his business to tell other NATO members what to do. He doesn't rule the fckn world.
NATO is a TEAM, they aren't supposed to pay US, Trump doesn't rule the world!
What would you do besides say oh, look at what he did. I have no clue so let me carry on like a moron. Duh anyone see Nancy?
So much for jobs for the middle class. Hope #45's supporters are better off now.
1 million new jobs under Trump. Obama caused closure of 70,000 factories and cost US 34 million jobs. What idiots Demwits are! Wake up!
This was a promis that was supposed to get me up to 20$ an hour never made more I'm 49 not ashamed to admit, walk in my shoes, if think less
Under Trump wages for graduating college students have risen to $34,000/year! Great starting wage! Perhaps you should go back to school?
You haven't ever given our President a chance, the world sees through you Crybaby Schumer! You always trying to oppose everything.
Their still crying to give TRUMP a chance. Poor things, sore LOSERS
Because you fought every appointment he has tried. Yet u said a president should be allowed to pick his cabinet under Obama. Lying fool
No matter what was in or not in POTUS's budget, u Dems wouldn't accept it.
#Obstructionis #Subverts
@SenSchumer @POTUS @TheAtlantic
You guys are going to fight a long battle it will be a long 8 years for you dems how old are you chuck you dems will lose
Trump will not sign up to demwit Trillion dollar giveaway to their cronys! Privatization is a better way! Thank God for elections! You lost!

yeah and u swamp Dems r still around can u deport the party to Muslim country you support them not us
Because you are #FakeNews  #SethRichCoverUp
Hopefully New York won't get a dime of it.
It is heartbreaking - and I fear the beginning of the end for democracy.
You still can't point to where the Trillion went in your infrastructure bill. Nothing was repaired so where is the money.
AND WHAT HAVE YOU DONE FOR THIS COUNTRY BESIDES BELLYACHE AT EVERY TURN, TRY TO DESTROY IT, TURN IT INTO SOCIALISM? PLEASE DON'T CRY, AGAIN!


Negative Nelly Schumer, no wonder you can't win these special elections. No plan, no ideas but to obstruct. Wait till midterms 2018.
What would you like Senator? A designated Bike Trail in Park Slope?
Obama & u dems campaigned for the last 8 yrs & spent 10 trillion bucks w nothing to show 4 it hipocrite schumer u did nothing but destroy
Not surprising
Be patient. You might actually get a chance to do something positive for America.
That's because @POTUS is wisely using the rules to incrementally push funding over time to get around DemLeft obstructionist interference.
@realDonaldTrump Talking out the side of his neck r using his butt 4 a microphone "just talking shit" as usual!
Trump is too busy starving the hungry and killing the sick!

The wages are what they are here in Denver and the LoHi builders won't pay more unless The minimum wage is increased federally!
Chuck you should be proud of what you and all liberals on the hill have accomplished good picture to show it off well done & blame Trump
Greedy builders like Trump always kept the wages down! Denver STJ another lie!
Because you obstruct!!!!!!!!!
Satisfactory
Blah blah blah
Chuckles the clown how can POTUS get anything done when u push fake Russia narrative & attack everything he tries 2 do
Why? So you can resist and obstruct Mr. C.S.?
FOX NEWS IS NUMBER ONE HELL WITH CNN AND MNBC THEY LIE LIKE DOGS DO let that sink in for a few
He doesn't break promises it's the democrats who stand in his way and if you had any sense you would see that at every turn there is a demo
Schumer your a puppet
Liar liar your pants are on fire 
I keep waiting for Trump to even mention a infrastructure bill; is probably one of the few bills that will make it's way thru congress!
Chuckie, it's been a leftie-obstructed 100+ days. Help instead of hinder. Think of us instead of yourself!
Trump is "All wind and No Rain" he is all about giving money to his donors and fellow 1% ers. The more he promises the less he delivers.
Remember him in the NY Post? He can't change his stripes!!!
Hey who's that you have a lunch with ? Is that a pervert I'll see in the picture with you











Someone mentioned "shovel-ready," and I believe he was referring to Trumpcare...
And if it was found you would blast it for some reason. I am sorry to have voted for you twice.
You resistance democrats shoot down EVERYTHING so nothing get done for the American People.  Schumer you are shamless.
Hey Chuckey, part of the infrastructure will include a WALL. Be careful which side of your mouth that you're wishing through!
Like you would actually approve anything coming from Trump. By now we all realize you are just acting like a spoiled little brat.
I think he should use that money for wall
Chuckie do we really have the money to spend a trillion dollars.democrats don't care how big our debt is.
Are  you high? I mean really are you ? It is 6 months in and you crybabies are still trying to win an election you already lost. #retire

Why am I not surprised? Every day since November 8, it's been nothing but international embarrassments & lies. We're counting on you, Chuck!
Let's start with cutting Welfare I know ur afraid of work all u do is talk talk talk bullshit if u worked w/him we'd be where we should
He's a liar and very delusional!!
You misspelled it She ( Hillary) is the liar and we've all seen the delusional part must be a Democrat thing the delusional part right Chuck
Sounds like you're delusional! Right Chuck?
I like your profile pick it shows your talent you should take it on the road with the Clown Chuck Schumer The Democratic Clowns Party
#TrumpLiesMatter
LIKE Obama CARE, YOU DIDN'T READ IT, IT'S THERE OPEN YOUR EYES INSTEAD OF YOUR MOUTH
That's because private sector will pick up the slack. Obviously you don't pay attention. You have to start thinking outside the box.
Oh it's there.  Just not the way you would do it.
Kind of tough Muppet when you cry for 200% increase in medicaid, 300% in social security, free cars, free healthcare, $30 min wage etc...
Keep Obstructing ....Waaaaaaa,  cry
Where wer U arsehole when OShito blew the $Trillion on his plan? The one U voted for! Where did that go? U shlock's R all same. Time to MAGA
He's still figuring out how to make big bucks.
Need money for that. If the looney Left don't want cuts. Come up with the cash. sch. #UseLess
CHUCK STAY OUT OF TRUMP'S WAY-STOP BLOCKING EVERY MOVE=$ 1trillion FOR ROADS&BRIDGES?YOU WANT IT BOTH WAYS.???
He also promised to drain the swamp. Hope you are first to go.
Get out of his way, join the team and get busy for US
How is NY doing Chuckles?
Obama spent 8 Years doing nothing for infrastructure except entangling projects in red tape, permits & approvals.
. You know how the president budget works. Congress makes the budget, dems are trying to spread evil
He meant tax cut for rich people so they can build big walls around their houses.
You can not fly with only a left wing or only a right wing.  Time to stop the baby game of Resistance and start working together for America
With you Communist Democrats interfering with everything Pres. Trump needs to do and trying to overturn our country nobody could.
He has conned his constituents for the presidency & now the world has to pay for it
Obama surely did glad you wrote it
go back to sleep crying Schumer.
Congress is supposed to finalize $ for infrastructure. This is proposed budget. What have Dems/Obama done for infrastructure in last 8yrs?0
So did Obama . 100vs 8 years
Yeah Chuck, we know, he lied about everything he promised. Don't follow the reps. Tell us the dem solutions to these problems.
.@SenSchumer You are a lawmaker so why not write the Infrastructure bill yourself? It's what I pay you to do. You blame & cry only!
To be fair, with all the money he'll save after tax cuts he can build a casino hotel on every block in DC.
Again u sat silent for 8 years now all u do is waaaaa

Hey Chucky do you what's nowhere to be found? the billions for this Obama lie.
Just more of Chucky bad mouth all that is not done the way Chucky wants so must be bad for US, but good for taxpayers does not count
You only see and hear what you want and turn off what is good for US. Not 100% paid by taxpayers as you want. Better do you reading 1st
Chuck keep up! The news is passing you by. Guess you can only zero into bad news you create!
More lies from chucky
Don't know if you skipped economics class lil chuckie but first thing taught is you don't spend more than you bring in. So stop doing it!!
Well Chuck Schumer you can't see anything positive because you are an obstructionist in the truest sense of the word.
Chucky because of all your bullshit trump can't do the wonderful things he planned spends time with all you morons trump will be elected
@SenSchumer:  There are too many cuts
#ChuckSchumer:  There's not enough money
I can speak out of my mouth bc I'm the #HeadClown 
Pass the budget snowflake
Trump lies....Is this a surprise?   #TrumpIsFat
I read Trump wants to sell off,privatize & use that $ to support infrastructure. If true,too many gray areas+favorable contracts.
Shut the "schumer" up!  U sound like a miserable old and angry man!
I stand with trump. You are the problem . Socialism fails. Look at Venezuela and Detroit .
I believe in a world where the US Congress has Americans' & People  of the World's interest over their own careers & agendas.
So put an amendment in. Stop  complaining, do your job.
Because he's going to give it to his private sector buddies to do and pay them whatever they want.  He's killing us!
@LouDobbs @seanhannity @rushlimbaugh Chuckie, where was your out rage when Obama's shovel ready jobs were fake? Oh you & DNC like Fake News!
Your *shovel-ready* jobs were nowhere to be found and the money you stole from us to pay for them is nowhere to be found.
Chucky Chucky I'm so lucky that your dumb ass doesn't repreaent me.  Your BAD for our country with all your DEMS and it's obvious for us 2 C
He lied! He lies about everything! Has anyone actually thought he'd do a good job and help others? Only his rich cronies/fiends.
Quid quo pro Chuck help in other areas Chuck like a balanced budget, health care.
Well what did you Democrats do with all the infrastructure under Obama? One was a bridge to no were. Wasted all of it on bullshit projects.
Not sure why anyone is surprised!  He's always been a liar 
Chuck Schumer - infrastructure investment companies is putting 100's of billions into our country!! Trump is light yrs ahead of you! Smart
So, Chuck, when you go to the negotiating table, share your concern. You are like a sniveling child, wah, wah,wah. Go do your job or resign!
Who pays for your on staff tweeter
SENATOR SIR I ONLY HOPE WITH THIS SITUATION OF DISTRUST AND HATRED PRESIDENT TRUMP ! DOES NOT HAVE THE NUCLEAR CODES!

He said whatever it took to get elected. It was all a con. #GrifterInChief
He has delivered on more pre election promises than any other president. Google Obama promises.  Educate yourself. Hate is blinding you.
he will be getting smart and using private funding, innovation not same ole politics. Stop the obstruction & bring some solutions yourself!!
"Getting smart" by handing out 99 yr. contracts to family & friends & getting kick backs.
Not to mention filling the WH with incompetent hangers-on and his kids...
I do believe that is one of the creepiest things I've seen
Why does this surprise anyone? Liar in Chief
Schumer lies!  Your party is the Anti American Party!  Your party is the party of riots, hate and violence toward America!  Never Democrats!
That is because you are an obstructionist @SenSchumer
Isn't this proposed budget negotiated in congress and aren't you in congress start negotiating stupid.
Because ur racist bigot self serving dog dem party would fight against it & now u r looking 4 it With u America looses all the time
Trump broke a campaign promise??? No!!! I can't believe it.
#trumpbudget colossal monstrosity that takes from the poor to give to the rich. Offers NO path to financial growth or stability if passed.
He is simply a bad liar!
A REPEAL OF ACA ;AND AFTER TIME LEAVING MILLIONS WITHOUT INSURANCE ;IS THAT HELP FOR THE CITIZENS. OF THE US!
Stop the BS! Democrats are obstructing progress. After Immigration, HC, & Taxes, comes infrastructure. So if you want it stop the BS. is 
Because he's going to privatize everything.  America will be owned by the same foreign investors that the GOP is owned by.
SENATOR SIR WHAT PURPOSE DOES A WALL DO ! ANY WALL AT ANY POINT CAN BE BREACHED!
Isn't that because you and your party are doing everything possible to stop any progress in the US. Including Trump care.Shame on you!
So did your man Obama.  Should have been done already,  right?  He had 8 years.
What happened to Obama's stimulus package? $$$ just disappeared. Cash for Clunkers? So many fails. Shovel ready jobs? Lies.
Obama brought us out of biggest recession the US had seen years. And all the while fighting the GOP whose sole intention was to defeat him
Yeah, go ahead and keep believing that load of crap. Obama's "recovery" is a failure on all levels. GOP was worthless as well for 8 years.
Well sure if you wanna hate on everybody that's easy, but I get it
SENATOR SIR ;PRESIDENT TRUMP ;ALL HIS POLICIES ARE AIMED TO COLLAPSE THE GOVERNMENT ;AND THE ECONOMY!
Soon you will be no where to be Heard!! Cry Chucky Cry
And you expect us to believe YOU? You are one of the biggest liars we have in congress.
SENATOR SIR PRESIDENT TRUMP. LIED ABOUT EVERYTHING HE CAMPAIGNED ABOUT EXCEPT AN UNNECESSARY WALL!
Ever notice that Chuck never offers any solutions just criticisms.  What are democrats for Chuck?  You are a broken obstructionist record
imagine that, @realDonaldTrump lied during campaign? who knew? EVERYONE
What do u have 2 say about leaking of sensitive info about Manchester murders by r Intel &NY times?! Quit bashing r President & do your job!
The money saved is being used for the 30-day plan to crush ISIS. Starting any day now.
No more $$. We r handing out free food and healthcare 2 those who will not work. U know that already though. Ur way 2 control the poor . 
http://insider.foxnews.com/2017/05/25/demagoguery-highest-level-mick-mulvaney-budget-director-dem-criticism-budget ….       Sooner or later your supporters are going to get sick of your lies Schumer.
