Trump and his supporters don't care. They would rather that we all die poor
You are so right! Ironically from the looks of the rallies they all seem poor...definitely  ignorant. Lol They will all pay price for that
sane people at every rally. Trump has ruined the USA
SIR, WE NEED TO GET RID OF THE DEVIL, DT, AND ASAP! AND DON'T FORGET THAT PENCE LIED ABOUT FLYNN, HE MUST GO ALSO!
they all have to go every damn one of the Republicans &Trump & his cronies, they're breaking the law & they're killing the American people
The Dems need to go or work with the ruling party.   Dems are demons.
I REMEMBER THAT JUST 8 YRS AGO THE REPUBLICANS WOULD NOT WORK WITH DEMOCRATS, ARE THEY EVIL?  U R NOT THE RULING PARTY, WHERE DO U GET THAT?
They already make all the rules & dictate what we can & cannot get. While CEOs get rich, we go broke & get sick.
I agree 1000%, people have to start selling their homes & all their property to be able to get medical insurance. Welcome to Russia
When I have insurance.  if wAnted a certain med. had to pay out of pocket not approved I have insurance. Must do mail order otherwise no go
Elderly typically have more money and assistance than the millennials atm. That's why ur previous plan was lopsided.
Scare you go again
Government should set rules.
Government shouldn't be in health care business!
Not only bankruptcy but death, the WH won't take Trumpcare, then why should smart Americans be forced to take this CBO hasn't scored it!
Why wasn't Obama Obama taking Obamacare?
Obama care has saved more lives than Trumpcare will matter of fact it hasn't been scored by the CBO because it's a death pool thanks
So .....way didn't Obama sign up for Obamacare??
They make the rules now and AHC makes it worse.  Give me your plan Senator and the rest of the leeches in Congresd.
Maybe when this abomination hits Trumps base they'll wake up.
#NURSINGHOMES STILL ARE
Blah blah blah
I agree and I'm one of the elderly plus as my husband is, pretty soon you'll be a privilege to buy food instead of a right, Tromp is a jerk!
Wealth and power drive their decisions!
#happeningnow. Senator let's work together to forge a plan that works for all. That's what leaders do!
As opposed to Federal Government taxing, fining & bankrupting the sick & poor with Obamacare mandate?
- time to get all the addicts caught up in the insanity out of prisons, and lock up top exevutives at big pharma!
You are driving all Americans into bankruptcy. No real coversge. Obamacare forces you yes you to get on Medicare at 65 years of age. No help
Chuck, why haven't you passed a bill taxing everyone 100% & redistributing back based on headcount in each household. That is fair isn't it?
Before obamacare could always get last minute if needed. Now have to use urgent care folks who don't know me. Pay out of pocket not approved
Sorry chuckie ! they already determine if I get meds. They undermine doctors. Mine went into a group can't get appointments must lose work
Of course.  Who wants lower premiums and more choice when we can have Obamacare instead.
Lead the charge against it in the Senate, Sir!
Those were the days
Dah, were they not already doing that?! You are so out of the loop.
Yep...either way GOP has backed themselves in a corner.
I am terrified for my daughter who has Type 1 diabetes. Absolutely terrified 
I have a chronic pain condition and chronic illness. It is unconscionable to discriminate. #voteNO #trumpcare #SaveACA
How can this happen? I still feel like I am in the twilight zone.
- when did that ever stop?
Ocare forced my premiums up by 90% since it was law. My copay is $70 and my deductible is $5000.  You Chuck did that to me. Go free market!
your plan (Obama care!) Is already doing that.
HEALTH CARE wasn't BROKEN until OBAMA BROKE IT!
BANKRUPTCY! Obamacare is unaffordable. People pay high premiums & deductiblesg then don't have money 2 use the plan! U screwed us!
Stop it these people new how bad the ACA is why would they exempt themselves from it pass a law it's for everyone KNOWONE IS GOING TO DIE
Senator, we the people don't get to vote on those issues since the Orange man is in office.  How can we help with midterm elections?
No.. That's Obummercare @SenSchumer driving middle class to bankruptcy!
#shameonGOP
Just like Obamacare.hypocrite.
#AHCA Call it by its real name Tax Cut For The Rich #TCFTR
So it will take us back 3 months ago?
Feed your liberal supper somewhere else you passed a failed health care plan
I'm nearly bankrupt now from the health insurance you made me buy. Why don't you care about the people who work and pay their own way?
You're a liar #repealobamacare
Funny that's what #Obamacare was doing to me
but the top 1% owns the ins co and banks so they will be ecstatic! right you traitorous murderer? @SpeakerRyan
Why not? Ever see Trumps Doctor? Most likely does not take insurance? Most quacks treating a quacks run a cash and carry scam!
After bankruptcy, into their graves.
Some brave DA should indict them for "Conspiracy To Commit Murder!" For that is exactly what they have done! The repugs are gutless cowards!
bottom line,Republicans are running the show,never did,never will care about people without wealth,start wars to depose of them.
Keep up the good fight sir!! We are very grateful!!!
Yes trump loves this buying property off the backs of the poor, now he can extract all gold fillings in the mouths of the dead. #Resistance
Remember you can keep your healthcare if you like it, you can keep your doctor if you like it and you will save money LIE LIE LIE
Amd the government has shown it can do a better job - I think not!
My anger is at an all time high. @GOP are feckless thugs!!!! #SaveACA #VoteThemOut2018.
Again that's what Obamacare does. If you can't afford the deductible you don't have insurance
$1200 a month for private insurance, now I'm supposed to pay everybody else's too, how is that fair? @somepoint people need be responsible!!
Now the country is depending on you to block this in the Senate!
What a dumbbell thats Obamocare that did that! Your nothing but a liar!
You should focus on Hillary shutting her sore losing mouth. She is delusional and unpatriotic.
Their plan along. Big tax cut For rich and  big help for insurance companies. Meanwhile senior and sick get the shaft.#neverforget
If you had your way insurance companies would have to sell life insurance to people already dead. You would call it pre-existing condition!
Is this another one of those Democrat things where you don't read it until it's law?  Cause that's not what it says
And your plan was so much better? Why would we take advice from you?
How do you know? You keep crying about how its been all GOP in secret meetings. It's just like obummer care was done by the dems. Pass2know
You mean just like obummer care is doing now. Oh you wouldn't know with your self imposed exemption. Stop your rhetoric and division.
Sounds like the last couple of years with me living with Obamacare.....
Isn't  that the GOP's goal? A firing squad would eliminate us more quickly.
Not sure how you sleep at night.
Where was your plan for the last eight years. X Democrat
No you and the rest of the dog dem racist bigots in congress have done that!!
Yeah, #Obamacare was so great that you democRATS lost the House, Senate and Presidency.  Keep up the good fight 
Chucky what have you done all these years in the senate, do you have anything to show for

How about letting the market decide the prices? Oh that's right, all your lazy ass non working constituents might have to pay premiums.
can you provide some actual facts i.e. numbers of those who filed bankruptcy because of healthcare costs?
Us on social security are bankrupt were owed years of back raises and a current raise that will allow us to survive in economy

You mean like they are now because They cannot forward Obama care
Please fight this!
Not to mention how Emergency Rooms will once again become primary care physicians making for greater costs & much greater waiting times!!
when are the dems going to save us from DT. We are going to loose med coverage. We are going to loose our retiremen.
next we loose our lives.
Time for #MedicareForAll prove the Democrats have a better plan. Co-sponsor @SenSanders bill. Show Dems will fight for working people.
thank you for standing strong!
Have requirmt to buy ins without catastrophic care. That covered by gov't. Price of reg ins down. Ppl fear going broke from illness.
That's what ass hole Obama did Chuckie
This is exactly what #ACA does. Explain why insurance companies drop out of the exchange
Senator, Do conservative supremacists think they came out of their FATHERS' WOMBS ? sincerely wondering.....
That's exactly what the Republicans want!! Something has to be done...why are they all so mean-spirited?


this is downright fucked up.
Maybe we can get all those countries that we defend to   us
Then can we get rid of the health insurance companies? What 'value' do they offer for health 'care'? #MedicareForAll
True, @ChuckShumer. The ins cos care more abt profit than ppl. Healthcare should be nonprofit .They shouldn't be making $ off of
 illness.
You mean back to the days when my premiums and deductibles were soooooo much lower? I'm on board.
You mean back  8 years. How did we ever survive....
oh Chuckie...ACA is doing that just fine!
Why are the  Republicans the the new party of hate, fear and destroy? Why?
No it will take the government out of the decision making policy because we all know how good you guys are at making decisions!  
You mean RHINOcare, but yes not good
Back to yesterday?  Give me a break
blah, howl mi hand smell???  as of a gold ring??? bow down???
.Start planning for single payer non-profit healthcare.
Another BIG Insurance company ETNA leaving Obummercare.
* where insurance companies make all the rules AND ALL THE PROFITS! I wake up sick everyday in the admin...
GOP will die on this hill as well. Good riddance to them.
You know of course that some day you're going to be judged for all the LIES that you spew.
Its too late...Obamacare is already doing that Chucky!!
Although it is better than before under ACA, InsCos still do this.  Medicare for All.
Obamacare took away affordable care from millions hard working ppl, who actually pay the healthcare for others , but can't afford their own!
Schumer says he wants to help the poor, but wants to bring thousand of illegals into the US to take jobs away from poor. It's called votes
I don't understand why he hasn't been arrested, along with all his cronies.
Same reason Obama and Hillary haven't been. Politicians protect their own.
Dems HAVE to hammer this disaster all the way to Election Day 2018; don't EVER let Rs live this down until Ds control Congress!
SO IF THAT IS THE CASE I HOPE YOU WILL BE AT THE TABLE TO HELP WRITE THIS BILL & FIX THE MESS THAT IS OBAMA CARE
Insurance company CEO'S  are doing the happy dance today. Maybe give themselves million dollar bonuses to celebrate.
My mom was paying over $4k in prem, she was fighting cancer & her ins company, they tried to drop her every chance they got. #VoteNoACHA
I'm not sick or elderly but my $1700 a month premium and $14,000 out of pocket is driving my family to bankruptcy! Does that not count???
Instead of the Government making all of our health decisions.  At least with insurance companies there is a choice
This bill will take us back before Obama Care DAM SHAME god help the ones this hurts 
You are so full of it. Besides that exactly what your party has done. Free free free that the only word in your dictionary
please tweet to alert your followers of the Religious Liberty executive order that's in planning
They make all the rules now. Don't allow them to lobby.
Get back in your clown car!
Schumer, a minor league socialist, trying to scare Americans. Typical hysteria move by the Socialist left. Propaganda to achieve control.
Yep. The GOP has no moral compass. We will keep calling our reps!
You never backed Obama.  YOUR FAULT
LIES FAKE NEWS
Or as Trump puts it "the good old days when America was GREAT"!
open up products and cost for all to see and decide what is best for them. Free market will lower cost
I believe neither the Insurance companies or the government should control our health care The people should,
24million can't go to doctor/hospital. Some die. With no patients doctor/hospital fails. Where the hell is ACA not a win for USA?
News flash! That didn't change with Obamacare...
Shame on you!  Lies!!! Scare tactics!  Chicken Little!
#waronthepoor #waronelderly #killthepoor #killtheelderly
Government drives us into bankruptcy. It is by far every citizen's biggest expenditure. An expenditure for which we get little in return.
Give it up fake tears!  Obamacare is DEAD!
The states have the right to opt out of pre-existing conditions, and cover just what they want to cover, the bill gives xtr money 4 that
Republicans need insurance companies to pay them $ for their pockets. That supersedes everything. $ to put in their pockets. Pay to Play gov
Set it on fire if it hits the Senate!
Seems like they, the conservatives have blinders on and will do ANYTHING for 45. What does he have...
And members of Congress pass laws to protect the profits of insurance companies.
If this bill passes, it will be a sad day for our country. What have we become when those in power care nothing for the less fortunate.
A dying republic. Or a 3rd world nation!#PartyofHate
Or socialist like Venezuela
Losing health insurance due to ins co policy or the states is beneficial?!
Actually, the President of Blue Cross has come out against it. That's how bad it is. #KILLTHEBILL
Which means EVERYONE!  If you're lucky enough to never get a serious illness, chances are you'll live long enough to become elderly!
@MoveOn @SenSanders @SenJeffMerkley  Forget about Andy Jackson, DT, let the portraits of Harding, Coolidge, and Hoover stand behind you!
Currently govn is making all the rules? Whats the difference? We want to decide w choices & competition. Self pay except for catastrophic
Sad what the @HouseGOP is doing today. They are compromising their seat to appease a con man and Russian Spy. #abdicationofduty
We are tired of your grandstanding.....
Yeah, I'm sure the nation's Middle class prefers the Dems imploding Obamacare w/ it's YUGE ass Premiums & Co-Pays. I'm just say'n Chuckles.
Remind the American people what trump promised Chuck!

