biartisan--well that's a new word


You want Collusion look in your own backyard
I block stupid!
Seeing how as they are obstructing all the horrific s*** coming from the right house I think God they do

Why can't we leave you behind Chuck?
troll, the clown is in the WH
More lame Blame Game? Focus on the pedophile ring in DC, Pizzagate & Dems. Can't blame Russia for that. 
stop spreading fake news, that is a proven falsehood, you're insane, obviously


And then there's this, Pizzapie
#OpDeathEaters #OpDe 

Trump is a sex trafficker!

Donald Trump's close ties to child rapist and trafficker Jeffrey Epstein. #OpDeathEaters https://twitter.com/OpDeathEaters/status/692431440164884481 …
Maybe Iskanka can stop running sweat shops before pontificating about human trafficking? Just a thought ...
Don't put you're hope in Ivanka...nothing kind or genuine about that woman! She's cunning & calculating in her pursuit of power & money
Leaves nothing behind schumer. Your an embarrassment to New York. Get lost.
Ignore these idiots Shimmer keep up the good work we know that it's up to you Democrats to save America they'll all think you someday
Up to Dem's to save America ... HaHaHaHaHaHaHaHa!! Go see Hillary's America. Get educated.
Schumer contributes 2 human trafficking: no bans boarders walls welcome heroine imports migrant men Muslim grooming gangs rapes death crime
Update: Trump assoc Arif acquitted. So the 10 young Russian/Ukraine girls in Turkey must have really been "models"  http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/trump-pal-busted-allegedly-running-hooker-ring-yacht-article-1.191136 …
I'm sure @SenSchumer  is involved in some sort of human Trafficking
Now you know that's a lie
Schumer Needs To Retire!
Perhaps you are one of them.
DIDNT YOU FIGHT TO BRING IN A OLYMPIAN FROM OVERSEAS WHO WAS JAILED FOR PEDOPHELIA?
Last I checked the GOP bill hasn't been signed yet. So the current problems are with the current laws. ACA. Where have you been on those?
Health care is health care...shouldn't be singling this out just to dole out more money.
It just says that they haven't said anything about it.
Then do something about it. U been leaching off us forever.. U handle it we pay u to work not resist. U hate America ! U hate Americans.
Chuck You be been there for years yet you say you care so much. What have you done? Nothing but partisan politics.
Dr. Ravi details a very troubling picture.  America cannot have an abused class of silent victims...
In New York, Mayor De Blasio doesn't give a damn.  He turns away from the citizens.  He even promotes violence.
Philadelphia is a sanctuary city.  The government of Philadelphia looks away from gang members.
The trafficking that goes on is from all the lawlessness that the Democrats have created.
You know that it is more than just this issue.  It is for those that you want, sadly to stay on welfare.
You and the other dems are so full of it!
These are the same Machiavellians,that want to take the poors food     stamps,and healthcare! Because they already have money and food!!
Read the COTUS , healthcare is not a right, neither is education, at least not Federally . So stop the crap. Term limits stops all the BS.
Another fake news story. What have you done or the DNC done to stop this. Nothing.
Phuck Chuck
Chuckie you are a liar and a do-nothing overpaid schlub

please resign now chuck
Finally getting back to work? Thank You


This is just high profile & fortune holders drama to keep themselves busy & in media. They r far from reality & actual life.

More lies
Come on Chuck. Nobody in the country knows or cares who you are. Just another crooked Dem looking for face time. All negative! Yep a NYer!
 more nonsense from crying sch
Yes because there not "rich"."sad" I'm so disgusted with the GOP. Pack of wolves 

Emulate POTUS and show your true "class." Just like POTUS; be a bully, racist and demean women in every way possible. Good boy!
we get it. What  GOP does is bad, what Dems do is good cuz U know what is best for all of us, good grief charlie. Give ur dogs a bone(er).
Any Idiot can complain but you have not offered 1 possible idea. A Senator with a true sense to help the people would have at least ONE!
Chuck Schumer Admits Obama Health Payments Violated The Constitution
Chuck sometimes you and your henchmen dig a bit too deep for your daily dose of BullSht
Wow Dems can connect just about anything to Medicaid.
Billion $ in social security benefits paid out to indiviuals with no social security numbers.  That was on your watch.
Local teens in Ft. Pierce Florida, are doing their part to fight human trafficking.
Pretty sure Republicans passed something like eight or nine bills on human trafficking you probably didn't vote for those
what's your bright idea about Healthcare cutting taxes bringing jobs back oh I know Russia
how about not being an obstructionist and actually getting to work oh Russia is a hoax
And the reason they can't work? Oh yes they live in NYS HIGHEST TAXED WELFARE STATE IN THE NATION. NO JOBS GOVERNMENT CORRUPTION
Such HATEFUL B'S AGAIN!!!!
Other than bitch about the opposition, how do you fill your day? You certainly have not accomplished anything
See, same old scare mongering. Hard to support dems when they are trying to scare people.
US only heard of Human Trafficing overseas till you Democrats started allowing all these "refugees" into our Country
The GOP could give everyone a million dollars and you would complain that it was tax free!
Chuck really!! Craw back under the Rock you crawled out from. So sick or your party being obstructionist. Act like an American .
What does human trafficking have to do with Medicaid????  Not a damn thing.. Stick to one issue.. When will you start doing your job??
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Mr.Schumer!!

We the people are tired of you, the dems and MSM lying to us constantly!!

Voting NO to Dems 2018!!
Do you even have a soul left. How can you keep lying and feel no guilt.
Well chuckle you point the finger but refuse to participate. Stop holding you part hostage with you conditions.
where were you when you had house senate & WH never heard a peep from your side. Stop criticizing & do your job
Did we also mention China & Russia,Gracias but Mexico has illegals. hmmm 
Chuck " DOOM & GLOOM " Schumer
The daughter wife uses child labor to make her crap
Sweatshops that don't even pay a living wage, with long hours and abuse on the job...
All you're worried about is getting health coverage and benefits to illegals and skip over american-born citizens, who contribute
Another Fem that talks out his ass
Where have you been the last 8 years.... Chucky ???
Who pays for this?
Biartisan ? Is that code for Hollywood pedos?
Mr Schumer please do something about your president. He scares the bejesus out of everyone. Only religion nuts support him. He's dangerous
Not true Mags
Cmon, Chuck. The Tramps have a Chinese deal to put their NAME on "massage parlors" and "escort services." They ARE traffickers. @GOP #maga
No, it's been a bipartisan fuckup, "Senator".  Eliminate the Vice Wars and you'll not have to worry about human trafficking.  #Freedom.
Chucky your idea of Obama care fell bankrupt. So your idaes on health care is senseless
Should we just let everyone from Central America and around the world into our country and eat us up alive, would you be satisfied then?
This bill is so bad that the insurance companies do not support it
This bill is so bad that GOP senators need to bribed  to say yes to it
This bill is so bad that sentors don't even want it!
Your getting crazed GOP must be close to buttoning up this bill
This is the reason Wall Street is disgusted with politicians on both sides!Stoping Trump agenda! Both blame each other and do nothing!MAGA
Why waste my time ? If I can't believe one word the Republicans say ? They are hypocrites!
Do your own research because you certainly are not getting the truth from the Dems.
Sure because this GOP is likely involved in #humantrafficking
Do not disrupt Ivanna's deals !!
The Magnitsky Act was their first defense of this meeting. It's still #deplorable to consider lifting these sanctions
Yet the trump admin. gets bashed for being strong about this issue! Especially Ivanka! Congress cares only about themselves
They are fake concerned ..always have been. Ivanka is as fake as the rest of them
#childrenofthecorn Stop #TheResistance & manipulate lies & erroneous rhetoric. Give Americans the same healthcare that Congress has. #MAGA
You haven't done a thing about it and NOW you have the nerve to speak up
If Republicans wrote it then Democrats are going to find something wrong with it.

Anything to obstruct
#childrenofthecorn Stop #TheResistance & manipulate lies & erroneous rhetoric. Give Americans the same healthcare that Congress has.
Then stop crying and do your job. Enough Dems yell I won't work with him no matter what. Even if it's great you don't put the people first.
@senrobportman  This is something Portman speaks about weekly. Does he actually care?
@realdonaldtrump
