By saying he is not taking sides, Donald Trump clearly is. When David Duke and white supremacists cheer, you’re doing it very very wrong.
When will you stop projecting your bigotry outward and set an example by disavowing #Antifa #BlackLivesMatter Radical Islam & Soros funding?
No Notsies.
No Sociopaths So Incapable of Self Reflection That They PROJECT Their Own Bigotry & Violence On To Anyone With A Dissenting Point Of View.
We need a Real Potus not a fake one.
yes , do it, what more do you need to know about him - do a psych eval ffs - just get him out
If your idea of a good president is one that will not speak out against racism from any group including BLM, then you are wrong.
'Antifa isn't violent. Antifa doesn't exist.'

Tell him that. They're a terrorist organization.
antiwhite racism hate group 
calls for white to become a small minority in the US
how come it isn't condemned by the Good Thinkers?
Hey Schumer - you should be (figuratively) dropping nuclear bombs on Trump right now. This isn't enough. Where is your outrage? #LightItUp
DT anything but presidential, Mike Pence & other complicit enablers anything but moral leaders.  We're in desperate need of moral leadership
We have rounded a corner! Trump MUST BE REMOVED NOW!!! 
He's a Nazi.
We fight Nazis, not let them lead us!
Listened to Trump's statement and he makes perfect sense.  You flakes  are scary.  You can stop with your propaganda and group think.
You Lying POS! The truth will set you free Chuck. It won't fill your pockets w/$$$, but it will free your soul. Try not being slave $$$
and neither r u? Left hates the truth it was both sides...sorry it was
*Presidents seek to unite not divide. Donald Trump's remarks clearly show he is not one of them
Is that why Obama invited the BLM leader to the White House 2 weeks after a member murdered 5 police officers to 'kill whites.' 

Disavow?
Obama: We may never untangle the motives of the shooter but must not let him tarnish or silence this movement.
Exactly! Not only is he a bad president, he's a bad American and a bad man!
Chuck! Get the Senate to DO SOMETHING about this!!! Our White House Occupant is a racist!
You are so damn stupid he said nothing to hurt Americans he said nothing to divide America Obama is the one that divided
So you admit Obama was not a great President because he was ALWAYS dividing Americans. He was HORRIBLE at race relations.
You can do better than that Chuck, come on, we're with you man
Weak Chuck, just so weak...Chuck...say it with me...A LITTLE LOUDER PLEASE...IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP NOW!
Call him a fucking Nazi, Chuck, and say that he can't remain president.
Please provide space for Democrats to disavow Antifa.Those  who walked beside ML King refuse association with violence in political protest.
It's time for him to go!!! Now! Resignation. Impeachment. 25th Amendment. Take your pick. But he has got to go.
Seems you guys are running scared, someone on your heels? Something bothering you?
NO AMOUNT OF GROVELING AND APOLOGIES WILL HELP THIS FOOL! HELL IS TOO GOOD FOR THIS MONSTER! AND THAT'S SAD WHEN HELL DOESN'T WANT YOU!
What are you going to do about it. No time to play politics, take the high moral ground and save America
Hey, Chuck, time to remove this lunatic. Let's go.
Sen. U are far from a great communicator. U are an incredible divider. The hate U speak & negativity U talk about is a low level politician.
Was there ever doubt?
Never any doubt!
He has deliberately inflamed the situation in the , a lot of people are very afraid of a massive increase in #HateCrime as a result of him
He must be removed right now before  is torn apart in violence because he isn't going to stop it, he will make it much worse 
That's why you will never be president
Impeach trump!
And  you are?
Can we start the impeachment process on this idiot making a mockery of the presidency? Please say yes!!!!
Hey Schmucky! What did the marxist community disorganizer do for 8 years? You really have no shame, no integrity and are part of the problem

8 disastrous years of Obama's divisiveness, our poor President Trump has a big mess to clean up !!
You will see hate in everything the President says/does if you continue to look through a prism of hate. Stop the rhetoric!
you are a malicious, incompetent, senile Left who should retire. Let the country  move forward & prosper & others have the means you & yours
When wakadoddle maxine and Nancy are campaining to raise money to resist!waters so proud to say it on the view!!

Stand up!! This is like weak tea!! Be a leader! Pound the desk and demand impeachment!
I guess you are the master uniter????  Give me a break, you are the most divisive person I have ever seen.
Trump is a fake  Patriot, commiting un-American acts, and treason with Russia. 
He will replace Benidict Arnold as an TRAITOR IN history
You calling for his resignation or nah?
Nah, Chuck isn't doing shit
His ass can resign too. Fuckin shame.
So I guess that means you think Obama was a horrible president since all he did was divide. It was his agenda to start race wars.
Trump is clearly not one of us!
Chucky all you Democrats do is divide people by race, income and beliefs, creating hatred, that is your specialty and it's all you know!
And for him to think statues of Robert E Lee are on par with statues of George Washington....!!!???
You and your party have spared no effort to divide people on every line possible for quite some time.
When have CEO s shown affection for black workers when they out sourced most of their jobs? They pretend to care! Lies
We're you hiding under a rock when Obama was president
Obama &U spent 8yrs dividing us blk&wht,rich&poor,male&female,straight&LGBTQ,christian&atheist, workers&dependants,dem&rep,citizens&illegals
Thank you for laying responsibility at feet of man who incites violence, feeds hatred and revels in praise of racists & Nazis. #NotFit
OUR Pres. speaks the truth something most of U AH's in Wash. don't! What happened in VA. was deplorable! Both Alt-right & alt-left R wrong !
I wish you can have the president impeached
Great and good American Senators seek to unite not divide. Chuck Schumer's life clearly shows he is not one of them. There fixed that for ya
I'm assuming you are referring to Barack. It's time to move on Chucky and let's not dwell in the past.
You and Obama were the biggest dividers in recent history
Schumer u need to learn how to keep u mouth shut the Demacrats  have been devideing this Country
25 for 45!
All aid to #Israel is against #US own laws. #Israel refuses to sign the NPT.
Shiner that is BS, it's a shame what the Dem part has become.  Kick Soros out of country
Do you really listen to what is going on. You are a liar
How do we end this torture ?
Question for you Mr. Schumer. Do you need to borrow my dictionary? You seem to be having difficulty understanding some of English language.

Will the left even report this: 

Trump's ICE had largest prosecution of white supremacists in our nation's history.
…
@SenSchumer fans the flames of racism and intolerance to promote his liberal agenda. You will lose
Your buddie Obama did more to divide Americans than ANY other dim-ocrat in USHistory.  Did not open his mouth without demeaning the GOP.
Clearly shows he's neither great nor good, American or president.
You're lying again Schumer. It's no wonder the Democratic Party is DEAD.
You are ALL mixed up. YOU and your Dumbocrats partners are the ones inciting violence. The blood of the people that died are on your hands!!

...Says a totally idiotic Senator...Time will tell on Trump.  Having the guts to tell it like it is is a true leader.  MAGA!
Division is all you do, Chuck.
Called out the truth which you know nothing about
Obama caused division as well, please address this topic honestly.
you and propaganda media are the true dividers!  you guys are such bums please retire so we can make congress work for us and not themselves

Coming from he King of division, that is classic!
You sir are a horrible senator a joke a laughing stock well your whole party You are all clowns  I hope u are all voted out soon
He's a national embarrassment!
DNC and Ob, HRC are all in alignment ?
http://teapartyorg.ning.com/forum/topics/the-shared-agendas-of-george-soros-and-barack-obama-same-as?page=3 …
How do you unite lunatics like you ? It is you , your party and the media that incite all the violence we see and you will f..king pay.
WHAT BULLSHIT SCHMUCKY OBLOME WAS THE GREATEST DIVIDER OF THEM ALL. SIT DOWN AND SHUT THE F@#$ UP
you have divided this country by allowing black lives matter to do violent riots no condemning why.They killed officers no condemning
Where are our Democratic Leaders outrage?  Where is the DNC?  Why is everyone hiding instead of taking back our Country?No to a better deal
Ctrprotestors came to VA that wknd because we know we must all be activists for what is correct. Trump created that need.
No but we knew that since he descended his wonderful escalator.
And you are uniting who with the crazy b.s. You spew? You sound more like nazi  propaganda than anyone

WHEN THE KLAN HAD POWER: In the 1920s the KKK marched 50,000 men in hoods down 5th Ave in NY--they were headed to the Dem Nat'l Convention 
More lies. Obama divided this nation like no other. @realDonaldTrump is healing the wounds by calling out leftist #hypocrisy

Jerk!
You are LYING
How dare you! Why are you and others misconstruing his words? You and other Dems are doing nothing but spewing hate!
Obama was the best divider of them all. #idiot

You preach #Resistance and blame Trump?  What a hypocrite
You have poisoned Kennedys vision for the democratic party. You LIE & get rich while using INCREASED tax payer handouts for VOTES. U divide
Bwahaha  Now THAT'S funny!
Uh, that's All "your great President" Obama did. Divide! That's why we're in this situation!
I ask you to please publicly call on Trump to resign. At this point, anything less is unacceptable. Your constituents have had enough.

Excuse me, Chuck.  The issue is not greatness.  This issue is INSANITY.  Tillerson needs to give him a dummy nuclear codes box.
PS: I think Charlottesville was manufactured so you can play the race card, the only one you hold. Did u $ to bus in ANTIFA & BLM?
Your a very little and sad man
azAND WHAT R U SCHUMER? WTH HAVE YOU DONE TO UNITE CONGRESS? You are what is WRONG with America! We do not hear ANYTHING you say
Disavow Kaine's son
Can someone name a single action the POTUS has taken that hasn't divided us further?
Yeah, you're a real uniter Chuckie.
The Democratic Party are the ones that divided us with your political identity profiling. If you are a Democrat you are a racist...Clown!
You wouldn't know a good president if you got your head out of your a$$
Guess Obama wasn't great then..Resign Meatball
And ur not what about Obama care that took money from my family u need to leave..
You are the divider and corrupter and obstructor.. look in the mirror fool
You are a DANGEROUS DIVISIVE POLITICIAN!
Is that like Obama did? He was such a great uniter!  Let's face it!  Anything trump does will never be good enough for you and fake news! !
The same could be said for senators. Example: YOU!!
Dems are pissed that President Trump called out all groups. Maybe Chuck should have some piss and crap thrown on him.
So you admit Obama isn't either. Of course, about Trump you're wrong because while he tries to unite, you sick lying Liberals divide anew.
If you want to stop the divide in America stop the phone the news stop the lying don't twist what the president says
What happened to the officer that shot the Australian woman in her pajamas was the pattern in on her pajamas a threat What happened there
It was just last summer when American city was being burnt down and police being shot
They're asking forPresident Trump to say something positive last summer when cities were burning Obama didn't say much of anything
John-Utah. Your opinion is not supported in fact. Donald Trump has a past that will catch up to him soon. Please don't be surprised.
Whoo demanding aren't you.? Can you hold up to that standard your setting with that statement?  Start it!!  Prove it. Do it.
Senator, your #1 issue should be removing Trump from office. Uniting the US, economy, N Korea can be close second but #impeachtrump first
Are you looking in the mirror when you say that about Our President??
Please do something about Trump.  The Senate needs to stand together and take back democracy for the people of this country.
Says the same senator who supported the greatest Presidential divider of all time....Barack Hussein Obama.....
It's time for his impeachment.
Senator, Former President Obama never called terrorism, domestic or otherwise, for what it was. Really? How about no more hypocrisy?
You should be held accountable for the damage caused by left-wing mobs & the terrorists @CNN & @MSNBC
Your excusal - and protection - of leftist violence is disgusting. This is the civic dissolution your party has sought for decades.
Hey, what did he say that is racist?  Democrats just race baiting. Ur hysteria is just beneath someone in ur position
IMPEACHMENT
Racism and division started with the previous administration stop your just adding to it I will be  helping campaign against you
Your representation of the people of NY is embarrassment
Lets face it He won't ever Say anything you will agree with. Stop bringing negative into the world. Your part of the problem not solution
Find a way to work w/Trump or risk losing more seats
Trump understands the voter...you don't.  You are unfair.  @realDonaldTrump tells the truth.
Please show me your statement when BLM in NY marched What do we want, Dead Cops When now, threat to kill, show voters statement of outrage
And you actually believe oblamer was a uniter. The most divisive ever. And you are a clone.
Stop slinging mud at POTUS and do something that actually benefits Americans for a change!! Tired of your holier than thou tude
your friends. The US people know exactly what is going on, they are angry as hell at you. We ALL see what life under Dem rule is like:
3 days ago POTUS had the best script ever written. 0 doubt which Americans his loyalty is with. Absolute failure..
he needs to be gone
NOT NEARLY ENOUGH! I'm so ashamed of us DEMS. We are putting our bodies on the line. Where the hell are you
On another note, 1 million plus jobs created since he took office. Just saying.
If you're party wasn't so divisive, you'd be calling out leftist hate groups 4 their violence
You know nothing about being great! What have you done lately, aside from obstructing progress?!
I am so glad I voted for Trump every time I hear you speak it just reassures me why i voted Trump and you sir need to be voted out of office
We need more from you senator schumer. Our Country is in a constitutional crisis.
You prefer nice, well spoken, gentle man. Who gave us 43 million on welfare, 600,000 live in street,  murder up,  ISIS up and record debt? 
https://www.youtube.com/embed/gxNEHDKkpCo …
You are a trouble maker of the worse kind hurting our country with you nonsense.
Democrats like yourself and Obama are keeping racism alive.  Cut the crap Chuck
What happen when your leader Obama was prez?  Race relations much worse.  People are tired of you.
we must get rid of him already..what is the problem. He is a racist bigot..come on Chuck, please save America!!!
what exactly are you doing to help while you're still in Congress??
He is 100% nazi.  His family roots.
What did the community organizer accomplish other than deepen the civil war in this Country and the Congress?? Good job
OVER 20YRS AGO IN AN INTERVIEW AND CALL HIM POTUS TRUMP HE IS THE PRESIDENT
fuck it who needs them anyway?
Obama united? look in a mirror Chuck and find yourself.
Chuck the C**k is the biggest bigoted racial divider out there. We're sick of identity politics, establishment GOP will get it eventually 2
YOU MEAN OBAMA DONT YOU POLICE OFFICERS WERE KILLED AND INNOCENT CITIZENS AND YOU NEVER SPOKE UP.POTUS TRUMP CONDEMMED KKK AND DAVID DUKE
Shut thy trap, you #bloviating fiend, sucking money from the hard-working #taxpayers.@SenateDems @DNC
Trumps defense has everything to die with his father being a member of the KKK.
Keep trying Chuck.... your winning record is pretty pathetic and will be joining HRC soon
chuckles Schumer, YOU wouldn't known a real leader of the U.S. if HE slaped you on your phoney ASS

You are clueless!
That leaves out President Obama.  In nearly every speech he affected to separate my countrymen racially.  Sad.
Call him what he is. #NAZiTRUMP
don't care
Sorry, you got that completely wrong. You and the rest of the Democratic Party are the divisive ones. Let's get it right
Trump in 2020!
How would you know about great and good anything? You're the lowest form of life. I mean, below bacteria. #truth
You are the voice of evil. We all know it Chuck.
Chuck where were you for 8 years of Obamas divided America. This hatred grew for 8 years under Democratic control. Didn't grow in 6 months
In your bias partisan irrelevant Cry-Baby opinion. Are you going to cry again?
You got no room to talk shit you were the one out there calling for riots against our president you should be on jail right now
That's why Obama was a horrible president. He divided our country.
Don't be jealous just bc no one wants you as president
Well, he's the prez and you're not. At least he calls it as it is. Both sides were to blame for that heated outbreak that caused a death.
