What about the rest , crying Chuck?
SO YOUR HEARTBROKEN OVER ONE OF THE SAILORS? WHAT ABOUT THE OTHER 9, DO THEY NOT DESERVE YOUR ATTENTION. SEEMS A LITTLE RACIST TO ME.
How about Benghazi, oh yeah, as Killary said, why don't you get over it?!  How about Haiti too ?!
Since McCain is a crook, we should rename the ship, you think. Not to mention a liar....Obamacare.
Sad
4 such  Military ship collisions in as many months... is it Hacking, or an EMP attack, or what? This CAN'T be coincidence. It isn't normal
How come Donald Trump isn't talking about the missing sailors from the USS John McCain, where's the leadership. #USSJohnSMcCain
What about the other missing soldiers!  Playing the race card Schumer!  So SAD
Very sad. But bet u wud have not said anything if his last name was Lee.  Since u guys are erasing history!
Thank you for your service and Rest In Peace to a hero.
#USSMcCain #USNavy finds ALL10 #Dead if had checked #1WeekAgo #WouldAllBeDead? #USSFitzgerald #7DeadInBed #DrEd
THANK YOU OBAMA AND PROGRESSIVE DEMOCRATS FOR CUTTING OUR MILITARY BUDGET. THANK YOU CHUCK SCHUMER
You should care about all Americans and stop obstructing. You are out anyway come reelection #Traitor
Yea but he's a #Racist because he's in the Military right Chucky? #Fake Fake #Fake
I'm so sorry for their families. My heart goes out to them. 
Chuck what God do you pray to?
Because the God of the Bible is a God I love he is also the God of Donald Trump whom you hate
I feel it's bizarre to not mourn all those lost.
I'm sure he does.
Shoulda tweeted so. We all matter.
TROLL!
Me? Nah.
Sending love to the families of these sailors.
Pray he be found
PLEASE VOTE FOR ME, I LIKE SCHWARTZES
Our servicemen are gone and our country is in mourning. 
The failured leadership is on both Donald Trump and the Republicans alone, they have failed this country indefinitely. #GOPFail #TrumpFail
The truth of the matter is I feel that Donald Trump is a failed leader who shows no interest into leading our country. #TrumpResign
Stop with the false compassion.
I'm heartbroken that all the sailors missing came from some loving family somewhere. It's as if you own NY, Chucknuts. We pray for all. Amen
Sen. Schumer, only concerned for one sailor? There were 10 sailors missing. They all work, die & bleed same. This is a problem. You pick? No
God bless all the sailors, you're all in my prayers!
My thoughts & prayers are with Corey
Why does our Navy allow our ships to be attacked? Court Marshall all the officers for murder.
Sleep in Heavenly Peace Sweetheart...
Chuck either you're lying or the Washington Post is lying.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/checkpoint/wp/2017/08/24/these-are-the-10-sailors-lost-from-the-uss-john-s-mccain/ …
Let's pray for all of them Mr. Chuck !! No matter the color of their skins. They all deserve our respect. And that Someone held responsible
Feeling sad, praying.
Sorry for the families of all these sailors who didn't have a fighting chance in this tragedy.
BOMBSHELL:  DEMOCRAT #CORRUPTION TRIAL BEGINS: http://talkingpointsmemo.com/dc/menendez-trial-threatens-senate-democrats …   #MenendezTrial
What about the other sailors you don't pray for them. You are so small in heart and mind
Praying for Corey and his family. Peace and comfort at this time.
Don't pray for any of the rest of them? And Dems are anti-praying, so what are you saying?
You helped cut military budgets! Navel lookouts cut in half!  You feeling bad doesn't help Chuck.  DO YOUR JOB!
This sounds totally honest.
There are ten people missing what about the others?
Prayers for his family they will need them to get through the loss.
 are with all the Navy service members hurt, missing & the families from a granddaughter of a WWII vet on the USS LIBRA staystrong
   

Since when do you care for our millitary. You had 8 yrs to fund us Americans in the millitary You never did. You chucky and Obama cut cut
Chuck doesn't care about the othe sailors? They mean nothing to him? They don't deserve chucks prayers! So typical of him!
Let's pray for all the missing sailors. 
Prayers to all the victims families
There were 10 not 1.  u hypocrite
Chuck Schumer you do your office a disservice
I mourn the loss of all of them
The lack of training
budget cuts
during the Obama Admin

Blood
Sad for them all.
Praying for Ingram family peace. Thank you for sharing

You need to change your legal name or resign.Charles was the name of a certain serial killer who incited racism,this is unacceptable 4 a sen
Deepest sympathies for this young man's family. He gave all. RIP

Sad News
IT'S SAD YOU HAVE NEVER SERVED YOUR COUNTRY AND CONTINUE TO DESTROY ARE COUNTRY TRY BEING A STATESMAN INSTEAD OF A OBSTRUCTIONIST
Did you shed any fake tears?
So sad for all especially one of our own from the Hudson Valley
Found yur poster boy didn't you schumer? If I thought u wer sincere #AltLeft #Antifa #Maga #USSMcCain @realDonaldTrump
You couldn't care less Chuck!
So sad.  Shouldn't #POTUS have ordered the flags to be flown at half staff?
So sad. Os should i say sick. Any whites missing still. democracts. play on people. I'd be ashamed to use a Black mans pic to suck in others
Who you Praying to. Just curious. Seeing as you're Party had to vote to allow God to be mentioned at their convention.
But is ok with Chucky that others are missing and dont need to have your prayers. Pretending to not be racist there Chucky boy
If you cared so much maybe you should start supporting the military instead of lobbying against it
RIP Corey! My condolences to the family and friends of Mr. Corey Ingram we lost another hero!
He's in our gearts
He's in our hearts
Thank for remembering these poor Young Mem who gave their lives Serving our Country...President seems to be to busy with us Personal agenda
So sorry for his loss. Deepest sympathy to his family and friends
Prayers.
For once, I can agree with you.
LOL you funny man
Sad. Maybe Schumer can reflect on what he hasn't done that causes these tragic events to happen. Long term incumbents at fault for these.
How about the rest of them??? the missing and dead or was there only one LOSER
RIP for all
God bless his family.
I want to tell Corey's family that he is a hero. I pray that he is safe. He is protecting us all. God bless
Coru w b missed.
Weren't their several.  It is sad when any of them perish serving our country.  Respect all who serve.
May all b blessed. God be with all missing sailors of McCain.
 hurts. B blessed may t force b w u & family.
God doesn't hear prayers from the devil
Yes, a tragic loss and didn't have to happen. Our ships are way to sophisticated for this to happen as many times as it has already.
Of course schummer says nothing about the WHITE sailers who died. More proof liberals hate WHITE people.
My prayers for Corey's family. RIP, sir, and thank you for your ultimate sacrifice. America is in your debt.
So is Charlie ...still haven't found him
RIP

God bless all of our service men a women. Let's not dishonor them by having a racist in office.
My thoughts/prayers are with these true heroes who gave their lives for our country. We must honor them and never forget their sacrifices.
your fault chucky, so live with it! 8 yrs of bama telling America how bad we are, sunk in to the snowflakes! Whimps!
The Loss of those sailors is beyond tragic!
Prayers for this young man and his family
Why Democrats have to involve race in everything.
Fair winds, and Fallowing seas Corey Ingram
To the family of Corey Ingram, your son and all the brave is a national treasure and his service for US. will never be forgotten. God Bless.

Where is your LEADERSHIP NOW?
.....
Bring it like New Yorkers do!!!!
Pander alert  what about the others? May they all RIP.
He's taking about a sailor from New York. Has Trump said anything about the lost sailors? Seems like that's something a president would do.
Praying for all those young men
Oy. Prayers to his family.
God rest his soul and comfort his family
My son was a sailor on the USS NIMITZ CARRIER for 5yrs. Prayers for all of the missing as well all Navy sailors around the world. Navy Mom!
Interesting how Pakistani Dem IT  convicted on 4 counts by FBI, had close ties to foreign govts I wonder if any connection here
May Goddess watch over him in the Otherworld.

Prying for the missing sailors. Get to work Chuck Schumer. America deserves better than MR  Burns
You do remember health care and tax reform. Contrary to what Congress healthcare isn't what Nancy Pelosi says it is. Affordable
You don't pray 4 http://anyone.You  r so filled with hate
Try praying for all of them!
Has your president said anything about these brace soldiers? Seems like something he should be doing.
It is "OUR" President, unless you are not a citizen, if that's the case who cares what you think!
Your president still hasn't said anything about the USS John McCain disaster. And none of this morning's tweets mention the hurricane!!!!!!


Praying did not prevent this accident.
God bless them all, no matter where they're from. They are all ours. Prayers for them and their families. They suffer & sacrifice for us. 
God ordered the drowning of almost everyone and everything on the planet, hence, the ark. Not sure this is a good blessing
RIP Corey Ingram. Thank you for your service.
HOW ABOUT THE OTHERS
RIP Corey Ingram. U r a hero!
Peace be upon him and his family
RIP.
Praying for him & his family
Please have Trump committed under the law ,because if you dont,& more tragedies happen ,we are responsible 

https://www.omh.ny.gov/omhweb/pcs/portal/faq.html …
He's talking about someone from NY. Has Trump said anything about the sailors we lost?
Just found out today one of the missing is my boss's wife nephew
So sorry
Sorry, Senator Schumer, but praying is just thinking.
Heartbreaking. ..TRUMP Needs To Figure out what Is going on in His Navy? ???
Quit funding endless foreign wars of aggression and imperialism then
Not
