ENOUGH! You are a LIAR! I have type 1 on a pump & an amputee & I DID NOT keep my doctor & my deductible is now $1500. STOP THE LIES!!!!!!!
& forget getting a leg for amputees that fit Obamacare covers 1 leg!!! LIES!! LIES!! LIES!!
Hopefully, you get voted out for your stupidity and lack of effort  to actually help New Yorkers, instead of thinking only about yourself
Does this mean you're coming out for single-payer to save even more lives than Obamacare currently does?
You are wrong single payer does not save lives. Many times single payer says you should die,because you have an expensive illness we r not
how about a fight for the ones getting aborted chuckie
So does the GOP.
I bet you will you and your little kitties thing hot dogs Pizza everyone knows it's going to be hard to hide from now good luck
Get your act together and help our country thrive again, shame on you for not working for the people.
GET THE HELL OFF TWITTER NOBODY WANTS TO HEAR YOUR BS
I may not live in NY but once a New Yorker always.  Kudos to you Chuck!!
Are you standing for the ppl that have no insurance? NO. Did you offer any input to change the failing healthcare you made into law? NO
DemocRATS are cons. Preexisting conditions remain in the Republican HC plan...you con cryin' Chuck loser.
Like we hate them ! Schumer ur a sad little minded man , just squeezing all the vote ur way drama u can from ur victim block um voter block!
Man u r going to have to answer for this HYPOCRITE self serving lies u serve up on a daily basis pandering to children is the worst sin
Then you will rape and eat babies. Am I wrong?
Thank you for speaking up for T1Ds and recognizing our Ins. needs with preexisting conditions. This battle is keeping me awake at night.
TY for your stance on this horrible disease.G-daughter got it 2 wks B4 kindergdn. Altho she's adjusted at 10, even flying scary with illness
please resign now chuck
How many kids asked what it like being a character on the Simpsons?
How about the pre-existing condition of being unborn, Chuck?  Do you stand with those children?
@SenateGOP Chuck. Have you know decency? Children and elderly! Same old outdated playbook! You wonder why your party got wiped out!
Thanks you.
Bless you Sen. Schumer keep fighting for us, we won't forget that you care.
Thank you for taking the time to meet with the #JDRFCC17 when Illinois senators could not! Appreciate your support #typeoneintotypenone
Why are members of congress exempt from obama care?
Fight for President trump for God's sake. You haven't don a darn thing Chucky but say you got a better idea. Your idea of Obama health faile
Keep fighting we need it - thank you!
Even they know you don't really care about them or any other American unless it benefits you
Children Shields. Isn't the better idea you're talking about
Thanks Chuck for bringing up the insurance concerns beyond the funding for better treatments.
Sometimes I fear @JDRF cares more about Medtronic than the kids.
Why don't they donate your salary to them? That's what Donald Trump is doing he's donating his salary to a worthy cause. Why don't you Chuck
Thank you.
Why don't you donate your salary to them? That's what Donald Trump is doing he's donating his salary to a worthy cause. Why don't you Chuck
You mean you'll always use children with illness for the optic of caring and as political pawns or tools? You think you deserve a cookie?
How much $ goes into you pocket from supporting them?
#SaveTheACA
Long lines to get the same care they get today. Some of us may never get help at all. 
Bobby
What ever u do Mr. Schumer please don't allow single payer heathcare. This will guarantee children with #preexistingcontions will stand on
High five Senator!
"The Children" again?  Want to tell us what you know about the Clintons, Pedophile Island & where Haiti children went?
Whatever happens today Schumer will still make poor choices
Why aren't you furious? Why aren't you breathing fire? FIRE UP before it's too late! Make headlines SCREAM!!
Chuck will never be logical.He is to deep in this ideology to be reasonable Facts Evade Chuck #MAGA #ACAReepeal now
https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/890643127693828096 …
Thank you. Wish you were my Senator. I've had #type1diabetes for 44 yrs & the #ACA changed my life. #Iamapreexistingcondition & IOBAMACARE
Thank you for introducing yourself. I wondered who was benifiting from me paying such high premiums and my 3000.00 deductible i have to pay
A T1 Grandma thanks you!
As a family with 3 T1D members, we need every bit of research we can get.
#shutupchuck
Thank you
You are so fake!
Liar; Dem behind closed doors without reading Obamacare, passed it & took away Americans Freedom to chose. Full REPEAL of Bill & #SenSchumer
Thank you,my grandaughter was there,she represents Texas.
Chuck schumer you are not fighting for any child you only fighting for your selfish ambitions
You can't rest yet, Sen Schumer. Maybe tomorrow but not today.  #SaveOurCare #HealthcareForAll #Persist #Resist
KEEP FIGHTING!!!!
While your at it can you possibly come up with some real policies can you stop the press conferences and go work with the GOP on bills Chuck
He does not have any policies so he has too show he is busy cares for no one but himself
Agree
So will REAL conservatives. We just don't fight dirty, Chucky.
Just don't start to cry. Lord knows if you start I'm gonna go too!
Thank you!  My son Daniel (18 YO w/ autism) is counting on you!
We need you to do more than stand. We need real ACTION! Universal healthcare! Single payer! Less partying in the Hamptons w the Kushners!
Call Canada & ask them how's that working, why do u think they come hear 4 cancer, brain surgeries & many more? cause they don't cover it!
We the people want #SinglePayer .. time to put people b4 insurance companies
Are you crazy? We dont want single payer.Then gov control HC & picks how lives/dies& how much care is given. Did unot what hppnd in England
No one is touching the pre-existing conditions clause, stop fearm-mongering
Accuse these people of legislative malpractice.
The ones you don't abort through PP?
Your comment is so sick.  I have a Type 1 diabetic Granddaughter who without ACA would die.  Educate yourself about JDRF.
No offense intended.  Just calling out hypocrisy
Do you have any idea how many women depend on PP for health care that has nothing to do with abortions?  Research that too "King".
I have.  Do you know how they manipulate the numbers to make people see them as you do?  Research that.
Why did Democrats vote against medicare for all
Please keep fighting!
Yes Chuck please keep fighting and btreaking tbe backs of the middle class while they pay for everyones free healthcare,but cant get health-
