@Sci_Resistance 
Scary thing
Imagine your health insurer get's all info 'bout your eating habits / over the counter drugs ?
"so you often have a headache ? Preexisting condition !"
Chuck what's up now that Susan Rice has delivered the Dems their own Watergate!! Americans west of Manhattan get it Chuck your toast
Thank you, @SenSchumer So glad you are my senator!
What are you and the Dems going to do about it?
We need to all start googling, Impeaching a potus, Rep names up for reelection, Treason, Russian murders, Trump's bankruptcies
Millions of us are. GOP is COUNTING on that data to help them gerrymander. It's how they plan to stay in power.
http://americannewsx.com/voter-suppression/eric-holder-obama-team-fight-corrupt-republican-gerrymandering …
They plan on keeping THIS as 'the norm'
@good 
Because they FEAR a Reflective Congress of We the People!
Well let's see what happens when they sell his info @realDonaldTrump
The internet does not belong to the Federal Govt. It was built by and for the regular population . Stop trying to control everything CHUCKIE
So why not introduce a bill that says information generated by a user is the intellectual property of the user? Their work generated it.
These A$$holes find ways to make $$ off People. I want compensated for anything of mine that is sold for profit. A 20% off the top cut.
Really, it's People's Intellectual property, Congress owes Constituents their lobbying money.
It's more than that. It's my PRIVATE info. This is  a violation of our right to privacy. Can you imagine anyone selling your SSN?
Yes, these companies store & loose your info all the time.  And then when your ID is stolen, they blame you.
What a dope. Search engines have been doing this since inception.
So if I order a prescription online, & my browser history is sold it's AGAINST the HIPAA law ! PERIOD !!!!!
We have to do something about trump, his Russian connections and dangerous nepotism in the WH. Something's going on in this admin. Help!!!
Why not? Google does.
Yet another reason I left the USA. At least government corruptions here is above board. AND THE HEALTHCARE IS AFFORDABLE. shame on govt. Pft
Up-chuck Schumer and more liberal bullshit.  Liberalism is a disease and must be eradicated
SenSchumer #PleaseDoSomething We the People deserve a referendum on this blatant violation of our rights.
I agree with me. I thought we just made some advancement in people's privacy rights. We need to reinstall those protections. We deserve it!
What is wrong with these people I thought they were all about privacy, now they are selling us out
You lose again!
Then Stop GOOGLE YAHOO MICROSOFT and everyone from selling it
@SenSchumer You are doing the MOST good!!!!!!
45 and his administration don't care about us at all.  They have their own agenda including gutting EPA, Ed, etc. SS, Medicare. AND GORSUCH
Or how do you like your employer to learn about your reading habits or your political believes ?
if they provide me with free internet they could sell my info but as long as I pay my ISP my info is private. #Broadbandprivacy
Not if that is signed it isn't.
Why is it there. This too should have been filibustered????
Talk about smoke and mirrors- you are a disgrace. Over regulations were crippling our country- just what you want- New world order. NO MORE
Obama's rule let Google and Yahool large liberal donors off the hook.
@realDonaldTrump Maybe they can sell back Trump's Tax Info or the GOP Parties own members personal information. #REALCollusionZEROPrivacy
& 4 Rethuglicans the most pressing matters r make poor suffer & die, murder baby bears in dens, & sell 2 anyone ppl's personal online info
Were Trump voters clambering for this? Was anybody ?
What's privacy again?
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @foxandfriends The communicate bill passed by Dems didnt include Google FB Yahoo as payback 2 Dems
.... why anyone would seriously believe the Republican party cares about the citizens of the U.S. is beyond me..... sad....
REMEMBER  @AnnCoulter advice to Republicans - if Chuck Schumer is smiling, Vote NAY!
That's incredibly Intrusive stop that rollback @POTUS  or please #Resign
Now we have some common ground. Maga is catching on.
What can we do ?
Trump,Comey,& Russia fixed this election, we have Nunes the snitch & a crazy president & now this.Forgive me if I sound bitter.I give up.
Then filibuster it, Senator. Don't whine to us like we have the power to do something about it and you don't
hell why not your healthcare bill already did that
#StopPresidentBannon
I VOTE NO . My Personal info is personal ...Just like Trump taxes is personal..#Broadbandprivacy
Can we rollback #45 OUT OF WHITE HOUSE
CORRECTION:- They shouldn't be allowed to have ANY ACCESS to it.
It's our info- no one has the right to sell it ! What was the GOP thinking?
Allowing republicans to use our personal data AGAIN to help their campaigns - but next time, legally.
No it doesn't
GET OFF TWITTER AND DO SOME WORK!! Is this why nothing gets done by you fools? Youre to Busy being a bully! Shut up!
Hope they sell trumpets first-since he provided the opportunity-
Hypocrite
Privacy needs to be protected. We've lost too much already with advancements in technology
What can we do, Sen.? We've been screaming at the top of our lungs. WH won't listen.Thankfully the MN Senate already passed a privacy bill.
You've never been interested in anyone's privacy rights. Why now?
how they can sell my info? I  paying for the service I use. I OWN my own search patterns etc. It is MY intelletual property!
for years the R's have tried to turn the American Republic into Corporate America with Trump they now run it
Look at the cabinet
senator be real if a business can make a buck off of us and kick some back to the Repub's in the form of a donation it passes
But he will sign it just for SPITE  THAT'S HOW THIS WORKS
This legislation sets US up for global isolation. #GDPR in place 2018 protects EU residents and US business will have to comply. #setsusback
Don't you support the govt spying on Americans and collecting their data? Why are you against this or are you really not?
He will sign it per the Mercers so Caimbridge Analytica can continue to narrowly target specific voters w/ disinfo and propaganda
They will win every future election if they can get all our info. This isn't just about ISPs making $, it's about conservative power
Which he will sign with a flourish unless someone asks him about #Trumprussia in which case he'll walk out in a huff.
@MomRovin 
Then Senator, why the fuck are they being allowed to? 
Please put an end to this blatant government big biz nepotism
Crooked Democrats shouldn't be able to stall the US President or put surveillance on American citizens. You're such an embarrassment & POS.
Finally something ( over 60+ days ) we can agree to. But they have always sold us out, thru ads an other means to capitalise us.
Retire...ASAP
Does this affect Congress or the President & Co? Is their internet activity fair game?
Why wasn't this filibustered?
Disgusting BUT we will find a way to get info on Donald & Co-horts somehow. Power of pos. Thinking.
No they shoul not. What are you thinking. Good grieg
Fake new from Schumer
What is wrong w/ ppl that think this is acceptable, r they just stupid?
Welcome to the United Corporations of America
As long as we can all gain access to HIS PERSONAL DATA too!
If you REALLY believe that, then why didn't u come forward and tell Obama to stop doing that to us? Chucky?
And he will sign it, too....as soon as he get back from his golf game.
Most cant just Facebook and Google
GOP setting us up to try and corrupt the next election
Schemer is a wind sock. He voted for the bill that got us here! He has ambitions for 2020 pretending he's Progressive.
On the other hand we can now buy our rep & senators browser history. That should be interesting, right Chuck?
Only Obamanation can see that stuff, and share it with other Democrats as needed, and Republican's must be forced to turn over everything
Once this works lobbyists will start work on obtaining ppl's credit card usage history & ppl's location history 4 obvious financial gain.
Where was your concern when the government was illegally data mining people's phone calls, emails, etc? You're no voice of opposition
personal info has been sold for years. Wake up
Lying Chuck voted for this bill several years ago...now out of power...he's telling you how terrible it is. America has woken up to his ilk.
Ironic. You sponsored Omnibus Counterterroism Act '95, voted YES on Patriot Act of '00 & the NYPD surveillance of Muslims is admired by 45.
Please just crawl back under the rock you came from. #WontVote4CorporateWhoresorWarPigs
Blah blah blah
So much damage is being done. Hopefully this 'gang' can be ousted before changes become standard practices.
We can buy Trump's info?
Shhh quiet   that's you do best complaining about us american people you are against america moving foward to fill your personal agenda
This bill is ridiculous. ISPs are not the same as search engines. l PAY the ISP, if they provided free internet, then they may have a case.
keep up the fight Chuck
But you have no problem with the NSA?
If it gives him a financial gain or other leverage he will sign it
Sorry the bill gives back freedom to Internet users. Yep SKY IS FALLING AGAIN
Nobody believes a (expletive) thing you say. Chuck U...Schumer.
Secretly, but not invisibly, you are thrilled.
Open it up 4 criminal organizations 2 buy info 2 steal your identity or worse. Ditto 4 govt groups foreign& domestic. OUTRAGEOUS!
Chuckie, tell everybody here how you've voted on the Patriot Act and other privacy issues during Obama admin. #Fraud
Well, of course he'll sign it! That's what Republicans do! Pass idiotic laws that benefit the already wealthy!!
Word has it that you haven't paid your federal taxes in years. Prove you have punk!
Hey Schmucky, #GFY
Can we consumers get a price break, at least, after the ISPs sell our info without our permission?

#BroadbandPrivacy
The irony that .@POTUS .@realDonaldTrump would even consider signing away privacy boggles my mind.
Money, more money for the rich. The people of the USA be damned
Don't like, don't use!
More important than that, is our gov already does! Except we just give it away through leaks. Maybe the Russians wrote this too!
http://truthfeed.com/sorry-democrats-what-evelyn-farkas-admitted-matters/61522/ …
your outed !!
You do. Retire
Remember Pence so upset media published his wife's email address. Selling internet personal data no different. So Pence needs to apologize.
Do u really care what the laws are? Remember '09 when ur team ignored ERISA & seized 21K Delphi pensions? AND, u have done nothing sense
And kill innovation. #innovationkiller
for once I agree with you,,its to bad you complain about everything so, YOUR WORDS MEAN NOTHING
Comrade Senator Dumb Ass, the DNC is buying it so they can corrupt more elections
stop this bill. Trump won't even show his taxes but wants our privacy to be sold for who knows what purpose...extra 4 corps
They sell your email. As they have for years. 
You let us get prescreened offers from CC companies. Stop that. That was sold information!
Focus on Gorsech. Vote yes. We need moderates for the next Supreme appts. Replacing conservative with conservative is ok. Worry about next
Maybe he'll walk out and forget to sign...
Like he did yesterday! He's like a f'ing child!
I know, that's what I was referring to - so as long as the media ask about Russia, he might just walk out...

Dems will sell their mother for a vote.
When will Americans ever get a representative government?
This is YOUR fault for not filibustering it!!
Maybe he'll forget to sign it
You know what chuckie..our stuff been being sold for years. Phone numbers now cell phones. How do these people get that info. BS
As long as there can be money made...
the previous president shouldn't have been allowed to spy on a candidate of the opposing party either. Wake up chuckie.
Totally agree Chuck this is BS
I don't give a fuck about Schemer's hair... But he has a valid point here.  @TullTraffic @SenSchumer
It's not private info, it's search history and preferences. They use them in algorithms to cater to the consumer.
I agree with your statement. But you have lied so often to us, I am sure there is more to this story than what you say here.
He has yet to do one moral or ethical thing
Then we can find out about HIM... right?
And he should suddenly grow a conscience or ethics!?
Republicans in general just do not care.
Only a royal asshat would sign this bill.  https://medium.com/@davepell/seriously-how-can-you-be-for-this-b9fa50a11d50 …  #DonTheCon #ThiefInChief #Broadbandprivacy
Well then my congressional Rep is a royal asshat @RepJohnKatko #Broadbandprivacy
Trump supports it so he will sign it without giving a thought to American people. Will take years to get our country back when he is gone.
I agree, IP shouldn't be allowed 2 sell consumers personal info. If so agreements between both parties a to the consumer info.
The FCC regulation (not a law) that was removed had never gone into effect.  This rule strikes the Obama FCC regulation.
Where was your outrage when Clinton/Bush/Obama were spying on us citizens ?
THIS has NOTHING to do with spying, NICE pivot Kellyanne
despicable invasion of privacy
GOP will sell their Mothers for a profit. #RESISTANCE #privacymatters
McConnel & Ryan BIGGEST recipients of donations by industry pushing for this. You listening llibertarians? Repubs OWNED by Corps
Everybody should read this. https://twitter.com/bfeld/status/847960208068546560 … @POTUS @RealDonaldTrump #MAGA #SwampBeasts  #MakeAmericaShitty #Broadbandprivacy
Awesome rant - Seriously, How Can You Be For This? – Dave Pell – Medium http://buff.ly/2opWm3W 
He won't even read it in order to discern that.  He'll blindly sign it.
Not to mention open up every American's personal data to harvesting by hackers and rogue governments.
But haven’t Americans been clamoring for ISPs to sell our personal info? Clearly the GOP is just fighting for its constituents!
noooo they're fighting for their donors, what Republicans have ALWAYS done and ALWAYS will. Party of Corp greed!!
Hey Chuckles, American people aren't as gullible as you think.
clearly you are
Every store site u give yr email to sells info already so what's the point we r out there" caveat emptor people or don't u know definition?
Yet you are comfortable with google and Facebook selling personal data. What a hypocrite.
you're making that assumption. If this was a Dem bill Repubs would be OUTRAGED, Gov't overreach, HYPOCRITE
This law should have been across the board to not allow anybody to sell my personal information without consent or compensation.
really it does require your consent, but it gives isp permission to charge you more if you don't consent
Thanks for what you do! I wish many Americans would take notice! There is no benefit whatsoever for everyday people
They're doing it already chuck get with the times #urclueless
so the Party of Pro corp greed made it easier, that's OK when Repubs do it. What a joke
Keep ur resistance up.. ur naive enough to think the dems don't do it too.   Hillary wall street buddies. Get with the program ur lied to
LOLOL as opposed to a cabinet FULL of corrupt Wall Street bankers?? 
Isn't Google tracking us already? Where are the rules?
S.J. 34 will allow your ISP to go beyond what is already happening.
It's crazy this even needs stating.
There's got to be more in this Bill--Bills are never about just one thing.
they are about Repubs thanking BIG DONORS, Ryan & McConnell BIGGEST RECIPIENTS
They would sell my body parts if it was legal. (May eventually be).
Fast track to more #identitytheft Chuck. Whatcha gonna do about it?
sorry the Pro Corp unchecked greed Party is in power, what r THEY gonna do about it?
Why is GOP so quick to make it even easier for Russia to access our info????
good question considering Russia won them the election
We agree and how is that legal all medical records are online now which violates our privacy laws
Why would he do that?
tell that to the Pro Corp greed Party, they have ALL the corrupt power
Dear God...Please get them all out of there. Thank you Chuck for all you do!
So. How will it be stopped?
This should not happen! Ever.
"Both Republicans and Democrats have been so disgraceful to both Garland and Gorsuch." @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @HouseGOP @SenateGOP 
