.@POTUS ought to stop playing politics with people's lives & #health care, start leading & finally begin acting presidential.
What can us citizens do right now to help!???
Only people like you can hear what he @SenSchumer just said and somehow make it something negative. Listen to what he's asking for!
He's not man. Come on brother. See what's happening. Trump is not a republican. He's gonna destroy both our parties. We should be united.
You don't know what you are saying brother. Trump doesn't know what he is doing. He's making it up as he goes along. He has no "plan".
Really, Chucky, Thanks to the #Democrats It's already a zit on the ass of America.
You knew it would eventually fail when you created it. Follow the money - straight into yearly bonuses for Insuance Co. CEOs
we all know you and your party are bought and paid for by big corporations like big insurance
It isn't about us, it's about Trumps ego and his vindictiveness towards Obama.
Wrong its about what he wants to do for America and has done so far but you liberals refuse to see the good he has done.
Like what? He's done NOTHING except golf, tweet, insult, & embarrass the US here & abroad! No major legislation-no nothing!  #ImpeachTrump
Nothing brings silence quicker than asking a cult member to list his "accomplishments"
I guess getting MS 13 out of the country , Kates law, stock market at an all time high. Getting people back to work. and many more things .
keep drinking the purple kool - aid carol
Carol blocked me, what a 
Were you bothering her with the whole "give me some facts" thing? Carol can't handle that kind of pressure.
And Americans will understand that @realDonaldTrump didn't "let" ACA fail, he actively blew it up
YAY CHUCK SCHUMER BOO TRUMP
You're insane. Trump is the main enabler of the destabilization of the ACA.
ACA was doomed before trump. I say kik everyone off welfare. Then cry
Clerly, evryone kik of bama cre! No Welfre!
16% of the population has Twitter, get a liberal PAC to make some ads! @TomPerez
He is in violation of the law.
Then you all do your J O B S.  How about your special D.C. Allowance to participate outside ObamaCare.  Shameful!!
Mr Schumer if the house/senate can take things out of his grubby hands. He's a retaliatory rat bastard who s/b stripped of some power. HELP!
He's just threatening the lives of sick, disabled, elderly. Killing Americans much? Heard this song before.
Aca is your baby.
Not exactly how it works Senator.
Isn't that illegal considering the ACA is a law?
It's at least an impeachable offense. The executive branch charged with making sure laws are properly executed.#civics @realdonaldtrump
He's not going to so it. He does it and people start to lose coverage and die, there is no one to blame but himself.
Blame can't save lives.
True, but I could be okay with dying if it meant he would be gone and they made sure this never happened again.
I, too, have made that statement. I would give my life...
I have 6 nieces and nephews so...
Then stop him!! What was the point of the vote if he could still undermine everything? Please please please!!!
It's not just that - 45 is pushing them to try to repeal again. Politico is reporting it. He's turning our democracy into a dictatorship.
Then stop him
John McCain-----just got Donald Trump re-elected

Some very good points http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8127711/1/ …
news alert: Trump doesn't care. #strongarmgovernment
Should we just borrow more money to give away. That seems to be your answer for any problem.
The ACA is a law. How can he do this?
And he swore an oath  to uphold the laws of the nation but his infantile needy personality will not allow him to LOSE.
It's a shame. His fans can't see what's right in front of them. It's all about money for a few... Not us or them. The RICH.
It's  not even that with him. He can't  LOSE or he takes his ball & bat & runs home to his Twitter world. He's  a failure who can't admit it
You hit the nail on the head! He's a brat that demands praise and only wants to win, no matter the cost.
That's  him. Scorched earth policy if he doesn't get his way. Same as @SenateMajLdr
Omg. @SenMajLdr Don't get me started. I'm from KY, can't remember a time he wasn't in office, he's the worst. He's never done a thing 4 KY.
And he just keeps getting re-elected LOL. We, in red states, are famous for that. We elect leaders because of name recognition. It's insane.
That is sabotaging ACA
Yessss! And then ppl will stop paying and ins will go under and ppl will make cash or IND deals with doctors= End of  GOV business HC
You spelled Health Insurance wrong again.
isn't this breaking the law?   If the Senate left it in place, how can another branch change it????


Why is this allowed?? Impeachment proceedings need to begin now!!
You and Obama gave away working Americans insurance to illegals and no tax paying people. You should be ashamed.
Chuck and Dems need to talk about this every damned day. If the inevitable does happen, all will know who is to blame. And I mean u @POTUS
Do something! We would but we can't from outside congress!!!
Considering he carried the poorest states, this will affect them too
Lets see where this gets him
Just another strongarm tactic by the Bully
Soon you will be without insurance like the rest of us
The president* of the United States is openly threatening to sabotage a law he is sworn to uphold.
He already did: What Does Trump's Affordable Care Act Executive Order Do?
Can we draft a lawsuit to enforce that the payments be made?
this im not interested in waiting for the GOP to do the right thing let's just take them to court
only he is nuts enough to endanger that many folks over his ego, SAD
And he will not be fulfilling his oath to uphold the law!
Then the country should make trump pay them out of his own pockets.
It makes me vomit in my mouth to know I agree with idiot Schumer
But he is correct.
Proves even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
That's because Trumps a bully and really doesn't care about Americans lives.
I suspect that in the final minutes before vote, Trump was threatening McCain with everything he could.  Probably the wrong tactic with him.
Trump is a VERY vengeful person. It's all about winning for him.
No thats the Democrats they can't stand he won and obstruct everything and we know it
What DNC do or don't has no impact. GOP have the majority in both houses. GOP obstructed everything Obama tried, so no right to complain
They are not confirming his cabinet ..bills just sitting there need 60 votes not 51 so I guess we need 8 more Republican's voted in then
And what bills are just sitting there? Other than Trump care? And that is solely due to GOP not agreeing on it.
I guess you don't follow Trump
Remember, he said he wouldn't own it. He doesn't care. Need someone who will put country over politics.
Blame Schumer & the Democrats for Obamacare, speak to them about a solution. I'm not paying any more for free healthcare for people.
You don't understand how insurance works. Lol
Dream on snowflake
Just talking out your ass then.
How articulate of you Dear, bless your little heart.
Is that even Constitutional? Congress has power of the purse, not the executive.
Need tax brake. Stop wasting tax payer monies (refugee welfare obamacare plan parenthood)
This is not Obama Care it's Trump Care. He tweet all he wants. It's Trumps problem
How about you and ur colleagues get across the isle and fix the health bill or dems will also meet demise w/gop and trump 2020! Do ur job!
He does not care. His whole focus is destroying everything @POTUS44 did out of spite because he roasted him at the Corr. Dinner. He's vile!

You Democrats created this problem, we Americans don't want Ocare. Don't want any funds going to it..go to work with congress & repeal & fix
Is it legal?
Lame statement. How do we effectively oppose sabotage? Find any legal/political strategies. Lay down, & we'll come 4 you first.
So called POTUS needs to do his job to help ALL Americans, not just the wealthy, not just his base but ALL!
Stay strong, Senator!  Holding poor hostage is not "winning!"  They aim for a "D-" on repeal - they should be aim for an "A" for healthcare.
more like abuse of power by @realDonaldTrump to let obamacare fail due to his hatred for @BarackObama thats is all, only reason @POTUS
Yeah, you little expert you Chucky. How did that Obama Care work out? Dems must have got that plan from the N. Koreans. Dems are flaccid!
Dear Senator Schumer, please do not refer to him as POTUS! He  is our Quasi-president, therefore please refer to trump as our QOTUS.
Strategize so you're prepared. The Repubs are manipulating, while Dems are trying to win wwc voters.  Be ready when the Rethubs strike.
And I will not be able to afford insurance. Millions of others too.
YOU are the one that has made it unaffordable already! YOUR phony insurance scam is imploding-quit blaming others! #INSURANCEISNOTHEALTHCARE
Great to see the Potus vile mean-spirited health care reforms defeated. A billionaire attempts to cut health care for the poor DISPICABLE!
Why is it in his court???
Why don't you talk to him or his family the next time you party with them?
. @choice funny thing you are not an expert , except in being reelected ? Huh how does that work Chuckie the monster !
How about you stop being high and mighty and take part in the same s&>/ bill you enforced upon us without your huge discounts..
He'll deliberately sabotage #ACA so he can say: "SEE!? It's in a death spiral!" It's NOT right now, but the @GOP will sabotage, till it is
If US congress remains tolerant of the coercive and threatening penchant of @POTUS, Trump will continue to bully them.
Oh no,we were told premiums would go down by 2500 dollars
This is the best proof he doesn't care about Americans' health/life; he'll hurt his base no less..
Isn't this a law?
country or the American people. He's "hitting back." Much like a child would. But when a father has to bury his child because of him
Doesn't Congress have to stop the payments?
I LOVE IT! All of a sudden democrats are worried about premium increases. Where were you when they've gonee up 200% the last few years?
Is that legal?
That's what he wants. It is illegal right? Impeach him.
That's your boy Obama's doing their Chucky baby why don't you get on to Obamacare Punk
Where was your concern when the ACA was passed with all the lies it would reduce Premiums by $2500/family? #Obamafail
Trump cares about destroying Obama's legacy. If millions of people lose their health care, he DOES NOT CARE. He's just that petty.
We call that #DeathByDemocrats, ChuckYou. YOU created #ObamaCare, YOU own it. #MAGA
Great - that way OCare will die. We don't want you controlling healthcare! Death to OCare!!!!!
Trump certainly knows the impact he would have by stopping CSR payments.  This is how he operates, and always has....
Like comrade Cheeto actually cares
Already my parents premiums went up $25 ea. They're on a fixed income 83+ yrs old. 
House republicans & Trump will continue to sabotage ACA & blame Dems Repair ACA & BIPARTISANSHIP is the way Healthcare for all
He doesn't care Jake...just does not care.
I'm sending my bill to the @POTUS. I expect him to pay it in full because he's making America Great Again
How do we take that authority away from the executive branch? Isn't he obligated by law to spend what Congress budgets?
Sabataging ACA  Trump folks Can't  H E A R he's saying, "Let DEMS & REPS HEALTH IMPLODE"  ALL will get sick cause it's NOT Trump's "LABEL"
IMPEACH this fool
Trump's totally out of control. he must go but you guys don't have balls to impeach. Obst. of justice, emoluments, bully.
But a heartless POTUS and GOP cohorts don't seem to care about public good. They will sabotage the ACA so they can say it failed.
Can't states sue him for damages?
Commonsense says there's no way you've talked to every expert. Stop treating us like we're stupid. Ur party is going down down. Karma dude
Can Trump be legally required to make those CSR payments?
You have to be kidding....you got us into this mess
This needs to be tracked and exposed every single time.
if y'all have the power of the purse, how does HE have the power to starve the system of resources? can anyone explain? ty
how about you paying fir everybody's health ins. You make so damn much money not doing anything
hey Chuck, you Demd voted in Obama care,didn't  know what was in it, you knew it was going to fail you're so full of it
Polosie said it was going to fail, talked about premiums going up? Mine tripled jerk off because of Obama care,  this is all about Votes
4U
I pay for my healthcare, so should everybody else, why should I pay for lazy, snowflakes health insurance? 
 Democrats are all Gov control
If only there were a means by which Congress could act upon a president who refuses to dutifully execute the laws of our nation. 

Oh, wait!
We already know he doesn't pay his bills and doesn't care. Are you really surprised though?
Why didn't @TheDemocrats include CSR payments in the law??
Who do we blame @GOP & who backed @realDonaldTrump
Why does he have that options? Congress needs to step up to the plate. Take control from him, while contemplating how to make ACA better.
I can envision the tv ads now, using every move Trump makes to take away health care. Great gifts to the opponents. Start now.
And you will lose your Taxpayer subsidizes for YOUR health ins premiums.

You left that part out.
Health insurance costs much more thanks to obamacare. Only a moron would think subsidizing it...magically...makes is less expensive.
@SenSchumer can't you stop him??
Then hurry up and get rid of him people are hurting already.
Good! You should've voted for AHA repeal!!! If you regard AHA so highly, put YOUR money where your mouth is!!!
I fail to see how this should surprise ANYONE. The #GOP made it clear decades ago who butters their bread, and it isn't American citizens.
No CSRs-no budget and no debt ceiling increase. This must be non-negotiable! We've learned that hostage taking works from the GOP so do it!!
Impeach Trump
Hello MCFLY, how about you fixing the jacked up law "tax" you and the Dems  shoved up our asses and excluded yourselves.  Stop throwing cash
What about that oath he took?  #Impeach him for dereliction of duty.
Dems alone own Obamacare and its failure.  Even if Trump doesn't do this, the death spiral has already started.  Repeal and replace!
I can't afford insurance without the subsidy. Trump is a cruel, soulless, greedy awful man!
Well isn't that is goal? To help AHA to implode? He does not care about people, only agendas!
Why does Trump want to be so cruel towards US Citizens?His obsession with hating Obama makes American's suffer!
Who do you think whose fault it is, you democrats.
Didn't he take an Oath to UPHOLD THE LAW?
And ... once again, bail out the Democrat failure??
Is he not held by the Constitution to enact and protect the ACA???
You realize that the POC we have as president does not give two figs for anyone but himself and his very fragile ego.
He will do it for spiteHe could give a damm for average Americans paying higher premiums because of his irresponsibility,
This would be unconscionable. If he does that then @senategop & @housegop better raise up & oppose it. Are there only 3 of you w/uthe balls?
He and Fox News will point to it saying ACA is imploding. It's like complaining that a building is unsafe, then setting fire to it. See...
He should be held accountable, &  seriously dealt with
They are going up either way einstein.
And @POTUS will own it. @CNN @MSNBC
Sen Shumer, what can be done to have the ACA continue to work under the law ?
I don't see you all over the telly explaining this to Americans?! Oh I forgot, shouting from the roof tops is reserved for Israel's issues.
Dems foisted O-Care on an unsuspecting public and you're pointing the finger @POTUS.  The country can't afford the mandates. FIX THE PROBLEM
Doesn't that mean he's NOT upholding a current law, part of his oath of office?
I believe I read that that is the case. Really makes you believe he cares for the people he is supposed to represent. 
You all better get to work on a repeal and replace because Donald is not playing no more m
Dems need to be VERY vocal about these shenanigans! VERY VOCAL!
SO WHAT WILL YOU AS MINORITY LEADER DO ABOUT IT? I have thanked you for your intelligent handling of Obamacare Repeal and Replace- SAVE IT.
Impeach Trump and take back the US Government
Your scare tactics don't work Lyin Chuck. What causes premiums to go up is forcing those that cant afford it while others pay for it.
Yeah, right .  Just the opposite of what YOU Obstructionist said 8 years ago.  I don't have amnesia yet for your Con
Way to serve the people, POTUS and GOP
Worried about your buddies Chuckie @SenSchumer
We won't continue to sail a sinking ship! Mr swamp !  Democrats own obama care!
We have an opportunity to lead this now... @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand depending on you to write the script...via @POTUS
Senator, DJT has a mandate to hurt America!
What was the fucking Oath of Office for then? Protect? Defend?
Liberal experts? Lol lol lol  like we are going to listen to one of the people who lied and gave us OCare that is now imploding? #IdiotDems
Lie!
Which it's exactly what Trump really wants despite the lies coming out of his mouth.
What's the plan,  then?
please @SenSchumer let that glue on him like a #superglue.You own the ppl D responsibility to make @realDonaldTrump own such #disaster #MAGA
Wait! @POTUS pays anybody for anything? Thought nonpayment was his calling card?
That's what he wants! Them he can blame Dems, Liar and Chief Donald Chump!
He is megalomaniac enough to let hundreds if not thousands suffer or die because there is no Trumpcare.ACA is Obamacare & he cannot abide it
I haven't been able to afford health insurance for five years.  And it's on YOUR hands! Let it implode!  Won't impact me at all.
Is it against the law not to fund a program that was lawfully passed?
Isn't it illegal? Can't you make him follow the law?!
Surely the Republicans won't support this!
#NoTrumpcare
You are worried now? You have had 8 years to fix this mess. Let it implode then you can be used to fix it.
How can he alone refuse to write checks?
If Congress doesnt find a way to stop him they're complicit. Its time to ask this man to step down.
He doesn't care AND doesn't know how 2 do  right thing for our country & its people .He will allow this 2 happen just 2 prove point SO unfit
He's totally against the majority
And he should be charged with contempt.
Premiums already more than doubled under the ACA & you're telling somebody else to lead? Aren't you the Dem leader in the Senate???
More dependence/ hand outs is not the answer.  Bring training and jobs back, TORT REFORM, Repeal Mandate, Lower prescription drug costs.
So, to prove his point, like a toddler, @POTUS just wants to win, the human consequences be damn!
Can Congress doing anything?   Trump is a bad man.
He can't refuse. Trump took an oath to uphold the law of the land. If he refuses to do so, impeach him. We don't need dictator Donny.
FIX IT before 100 million or more Americans go Rogue against the system. I didn't create this mess. You wanted so badly a CASH COW... FIX IT
It's time for both parties to stand up to the POTU (Pres of Twitter universe) and hold him to account or get a psych eval on him
Just another try to keep GOP's predictions that premiums will rise and hurt people.
Schmuck
Where is Western Justice when you need it.
Well, there you again with fake info!
Why would you care, yours is paid for by the taxpayers! #hypocrite
Premiums are already high, morons! No one wants to pay for someone else's healthcare bills. Get a job!
Impeach
