Did we get that courtesy when Obamacare got shoved down our throats? 
That's all you could think of to say. What if that was your child.
I'd want my children to be able to actually SEE A DOCTOR!!!  Not have a neat, little insurance card I can't use. That's not coverage!!
@SenSchumer The Dems should lead a by-partisan group discussion on realistic ways to improve #ACA  Take some action to show people you care.
I think all Americans need to vote on healthcare by referendum. You guys aren't stakeholders in our healthcare. Taxpayers fund yours. Putz
Alert: Schumer recognizes his massive failure for health care neglect.Electorate takes note!He is getting heat from own voters for stupidity
Interesting - they are keeping their own health care exactly as it is. They don't want what their peddling for themselves. Such integrity
And your healthcare bill ruined our economy and the healthcare industry without one Republican VOTE!!!!  GET OUT!!  U R worse than useless!!
Seems you might be living in Russia since here in US economy and healthcare industry are doing just fine - at least before Reps destroy it
Wow; heard of the most anemic post recession growth in US history much?!  OhBUMMERcare did that, along with $800BB in Dem supporter paybacks
you must be young since you don't remember that economy was destroyed by greedy financial companies going rampant under George W, not ACA
Wrong again bc.The Dims led by Barney not so Frank, who lowered guidelines so people who couldn't afford loans got one regardless! U Dimmy!
The problem wasn't guidelines, it was banks giving loan to whoever wanted to sign papers because they could pocket fees and sell it
It was unregulated instruments created to dump bad loans to suckers, eventually it had to catch up, banks knew what they were  doing
NOT! They knew they were getting another stupid Government handout plain & simple; taxpayer paid! Big GOVT SUCKS: OUR WEALTH; & buys votes!
You won't change it cause republicans are in charge. You don't give a crap about Americans just how you can block anything Repub pass on
MORE DEMOCRATIC WHINING...WAH WAH WAH
Why do you even wear glasses if you don't see anything anyway. Total fake.
Just like 2009 hypocrite
like Obamacare that "we have to pass it to know what's in it"?
And was Pelosi saying sign it before you see it okay?  What a joke. Retire old man please
We don't need a health Care plan with Obama's name on it, we need a heath care plan that works for the american people but u dont want that.
Drop Obama Care and make another plan that will work, Obama Care us dead, why fix it when u can start new.
Chuck  let's be real u don't give a damn about the american people or u would start a with  a new health care plan that would works.
Chuck shut the hell up, if u democrats want 2 work with trump u would get rid of Obama Care & start new. U just want Obamas Legacy to go on

I could never stand this fucking shill.
I hope we let the ACA implode. U all rammed it down our throats, w/no GOP input. It was designed to crash & burn, so I say let it.
Couldn't, they had to pass it before they could read it.
@NancyPelosi
You can read what's in the bill after it is passed.
Get rid of Obama Care & make a new heath care. A new name that will work 4 the american people. U guys won't became u want Obamas name
It's easier to hide that way. Keep up the pressure
You prove democraps are cowards.
You don't want hearings and discussion when you're peddling garbage.

What hearings did Obama/you hold for Obamacare, oh that's right none!
GFY Schumer!
Burrrrrrrpppppppp.
You crammed ACA down people's throat, mandatory to buy insurance, with no hearings and no republicans voting for it. It's costly and...
Satisfactory. One would have thought they learned from the failed Clinton healthcare bill. So sad
CHUCK SCHUMER HAS TIES TO GEORGE SOROS AND THE RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT. 2018 VOTE OUT THIS USELESS DINOSAUR.
Democrats did same thing to get us in this mess. Quit being an obstructionist and start working for America!
Pelosi: You have to pass it to know what's in it
It just needs to be repealed & the insurance market will repair itself. Government should not be involved in health care.
Unlike Obamacare Americans can see what's in side before it's the vote also Premiums and Deductions willbe much less


Those Republicans are acting the same way as the Democrats..Chuckie you all belong in the sewers...
And Dems used Johnathon Gruber who lied to us the truth about ObamaCare and then told us we were stupid.. Schumer thought we forgot.
Dear Chuck, Obamacare was passed without reading the thousands of pages. Delusional? Maybe selective memory loss? Maybe more serous..STUPID
Fuck. Just let #obamacare implode and replace it with a free insurance market.
I think you and Dick need to roll around the floor and start stamping your feet.
Experts like Gruber! No thank you!
You mean you don't want to "pass the bill so you can see what's in it"? Hypocrite!
And now you're the expert after you were disaster ACA? Failure failure failure, losers losers losers
@gabino_58 YA GDAMN RIGHT WE DO ! Not a Dem but these traitorous mfkr Repubs need to be reminded why Alexandria happened !! FUK!
I don't condone the Alexandria event but ,, Christ. ,Repub TrumpDeathCare may trigger more
OK, so McCain has assumed the role of Grim Reaper in this Surreal Drama that threatens us all?
The democrats did everything in secret including voting obama care in and now we are suffering there stupidity.
We The Ppl R tired of #childrenofthecorn &many of the talking heads #FakeNews of @GOP medical Bill& @POTUS  SO shut up.With myth& Lies #MAGA
Scare tactics..
No it wouldn't touch the members of Congress. Nuff said?
Repeal!
For a public hearing call Senate Finance committee
Here's what we will do chuckie, were going to use the nuclear option and pass health care and tax reform, leaving you dirt balls out hanging
You really are delusional...
They have no clue what it takes to care for a medically fragile child. Which is why this #HealthcareBill will destroy my child's life
Well honestly chuck, most people this would affect can afford healthcare premiums. If you can afford $1000 Phones, you can afford healthcare
Like the experts who said Hillary would win? Get with the New Program or get out Chucky
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #TAKEMINE THEN #TAKEYOURSTOO #HEALTHCARE NOT #DEATHCARE #GOPHATESVETS #GOPHATESICKPOOR
please resign now
Disgraceful
#DemocraticPropaganda
Give examples where the Democrats did that with the Unaffordable Care Act!
What about your you can read it when we pass it Obamacare disaster you passed Christmas eve
What hearing's were given when Nancy P told congress to pass it before they has time to read it.
Are you claiming you're an expert
had Dems done what the people sent them to do & participated in meetings instead of fake news you would know what is going on!
So, you voted for ObamaCare.
@SenSchumer - yes, sir - PLEASE.
What goes around comes around. Who would ever want to meet with the Obstructionist in chief (you) anyway? You've burned a lot of bridges.
Remember all the public hearings you had on ACA? None you guys didn't even know it was in the bill before you voted on it.
Listen closely. You are not the expert. You are the moreon
You had 8 years to come up with what you want the GOP to do. Why did you do nothing?
Obummer didn't you weren't saying nothing then!!! You all are seriously sucking and should be FIRED
I find it incredible that GOP is making a bill affecting every American with such secrecy! TY for making demands. TY @SenatorCollins too!
Republican leadership once again proving their utter disregard for the wishes and choices of the American people -
Hey chuck, every time you spend a nickel you are touching us. Get your dead sss to work.
ACA which was written by "experts" has failed? So why should they get a second chance? The free market unadulterated by gov't never fails.
Chucky still haven't heard you idea on health care. Your record stinks on health care. You voted Obama care and its bankrupt. Not too good
No
I think you have to pass it to know what's in it.  Just ask @NancyPelosi she can explain the logic.
Obama Care ruined lives and you don't care
If it's the same "experts" who vetted #obamacare then that sounds like a good thing.
Sounds familiar Rat Face Schumer, you did when you put Obama Care into action. Hypocrite.
How many hearings did you conduct on Obamacare? I am thinking , none!
Very short memory
I've supported Democratics most my life. But after today's obstructionist acts from Democratics. I vow to never vote for another Democratic
If your nose was longer, you could wear bigger glasses.
I think they learned from the best @BarackObama
Yea it's hard to come to the table to be a team and work together when Democratics are constantly calling for impeachment & obstructing
Democrats got experts and came up with the failure of Obamacare. How about we try something Constitutional, the  free market.
We need ideas not whining complaining and criticizing
Then lower Medicare age from 65 to 62. The private insurance would be lower cost & no need for another government plan just expand Medicaid
Why you didn't on obomacare
Glad to see yawl found out that neither party is working for you.
I say remove that ceiling totally expand Medicaid to cover those with income Lowe than the median income in their counties
More whining. Come up with something better come up with ideas. Bernie Sanders had idea to raise Medicare and SS tax ceiling to 250k
Can you get no republican senator to join you? Why not sit in with other Americans? #SitInSaveLives #KillTheBill  @DemSpring
Sound like ObamaCare at midnight. We won you lost! Sorry.
What's going on with our GOP.
Keep fighting for us. Filibuster, do whatever you have to do to stop this dictatorship
@GOP destroying our healthcare without a democratic process is shameful. Who bought your loyalty, how much does honor cost? Why kill us?
@SenateGOP looks they don't want hearings bc they don't want to make it great! Going just by their action...they don't care
Neither did you! Back room deal/ pelosi " we must pass Obamacare before we can read it" dunce, hypocrites, doesn't say much about integrity
So let me remember u forced obama care on us without reading a word behind closed doors NO hearings or experts HYPOCRITE
By experts do you mean you Chuckie?
you guys when you did Obama care had no hearings as a matter of fact pelosi said pass it and you'll know what's in it we haven't forgotten
Demand? Who are you to demand anything Senator Schumer? Republicans will call for a vote in senate when they are ready and not before.
Conceived in the dark & cultivated in the dark.  The new meaning of transparency to the #gop mobsters.
@SenateDems need to do WHATEVER IT TAKES to #StopThisBill  Stop @SenateGOP from kicking millions off  insurance- Failure NOT an option
I want to see the same plan that the House & Senate share given to We the People.
Really?
How many of us Berners donated our vacuum pennies to DEFEAT Hillary not to enrich her further#Paperclip2 #HRCratline #AwanBrothers #AwanGate
We do not want the government in the health care business.  You guys can't run any program efficiently. Wake up and get real.
When r u going to hire a marketing consultant to tell u how to frame issues so they make voters want to vote for you? omg, enough lawyers!
THEY WILL GET THEIR CHANCE TO BE IN HEARINGS FOR THE REST OF THEIR LIVES IF THEY PASS THIS DEATH BILL.
So, You PASSED a bill before you even READ it.
Or town halls to talk to real people.
Are you the expert? 
Too bad you weren't so concerned with OBAMACARE. #fakeconcern
If  you think your the expert chuck. Give your head a shake. You will not help any item trump tries to pass. So shut your lying face up.
Like how you shoved this down Americas throat?!
We need less public experts and more input of the citizens. You are more out of touch them almost everyone in congress!
Here's wht Dimms posted abt how they planned to delay Healthcare bill  &McCain involvement. Schumer posts CNN article showing plot worked
#RepealAHCA socialized medicine mandated HC; apply a NON POLITICAL Renovation to M&M. Cap Malpractice claims, PI w/ pre-ext punishment
Obamacare enacted with no GOP votes effected 1/6 of our economy. Insurance company's stock up well over 300% What's wrong with this picture?
Thank you, Senator, for all you're doing to save the Affordable Care Act.
Repubs create uncertainty about cost-sharing & individual mandate, then claim ACA is failing. BCRA fails Americans. #wealthcare
Dims are such hypocrites. Why don't you just do like last time and pass it so you can see what's in it.

OBSTRUCTIONIST and LIAR!
Partisan politics are so unAmerican and wrong. GOP needs to grow up, Americans deserve better from politicians
Like obamacare.
Work together and make it right. Hlthcare 4 all better & cheaper no pre extg no medicaid cuts. Just enf medicaid regs & stop fraud
Just about anything would be better than the unaffordable care the dim wit dems gave us.
Why does @SenJohnMcCain get to be treated at the @MayoClinic while middle America goes without insurance. #hypocrites
all for Votes! Dems are pathetic!
Secret meetings secret legislation. Americans let's start out secret impeachment plans
Neither did your party at the time. And the Architect of the load of crap insulted folks trying to protect their family. Not like you care
your furher bama's no care train wreck took health care from taxpaying Americans n gave it to Illegals, refugees n sponges!
Haha! just like you held hearings with experts in the public setting with OC?  At least you have a sense of "Shh. Humor".
Term limits chuck term limits .. you're losing your mind becoming forgetful. It's time to go..
Im equal oppty here.  Military health plans wnd term limits for all!!!!
Term limits absolutely the issue with universal healthcare like that in the military is size.. look at wait times now and care. 320 mil ppl?
I meant for the idiots in charge 60k a year and some va care.....can live in hotels while in dc like the motel 6.
And you arn't doing a thing but sitting on your ass. Get to work white rhino.
Either did you during Ocare draft
The GOP is shameless.
Because that's what this is.. Schumer has a short memory.
Where were all the EXPERTS and HEARINGS when OBAMACARE and HILLARY/PEROCHIE were talking.   YGTBSM Chuckie?
Don't forget, that's exactly what your side did with Obamacare.
Bullshit.   ACA took over a year.   There were hearings, mark ups, and 79 roll call votes.   GOP made amendments.   Nothing like this.
A good example would be to look at healthcare in any other wealthy nation.ALEC written redmap gerrymandered unrepresentative Republicans.
Like the ACA?
Healthcare must be non profit
Until then...
Republicans are incapable of a clean comprehnsive plan for all.
For an effective sustainable permanent solution to HC. It MUST be bipartisan
Have to sign it to see it.
Chucky if you're so concerned about us Americans thengive usthe same kind of health care that you andthe government has sowe can live longer
2/2 ....AND cancel the TAXPAYER SUBSIDY that pays about 70% of your Health Insurance Premiums?
Pls ask fellow Repubs what they would say to constituates who can't get same surgery as McCain because they voted to take healthcare away.
That is because they have obamacare right now.
Nope not one hearing whereas the ACA had 44 public hearings Republicans refused to attend then lied about it all.
Please get that family out of the White House.
1/2..How about you submitting an Amendment that will force Congress to live under the SAME Health Care Republicans are proposing?
Currently they are under ACA
@TheDemocrats Hold your own hearings w/ experts, invite Republicans, accept public questions, and livestream the whole thing.
Great idea.
Atrocious behavior of pols who put party over people!
It seems to me that Obamacare got changed so many times that nancy pelosi  forgot how to read.put it in to find out what's in it
More fake news
Pelosi had 44 public hearings Republicans refused to attend then lied about it all.
You didn't watch the famous Pelosi speech about passing a bill... truth is the Fed gov shouldn't be involved in private health care ..
We saw what your efforts produced with #Obamacare. We're not interested in your input now.
#Repeal
#TaxReform
#SecureOurBorders
#MAGA
Dems lie to Americans to make a point that AHCA is bad for all.  It does not cut medicaid, it dies slow the growth. Big diffetence
Both sides need to sit down, start from scratch, and understand gov't has been in medical care for a long time. Single-payer not that crazy.
Healthcare must be non profit
Until then...
Republicans are incapable of a clean comprehnsive plan for all.
Even if we allow a small % for profit (IE no more than 10% for needed, 30% elective procedures). We need to curtail issues like epipen
Quit stepping on the hose..
Yeah- sort of tough to talk to someone civilly when you are about to rob them blind.
They know it's just a cash grab. It adds nothing to better current bill or American's lives.
@SenSchumer it is NOT a health care bill. It is and has always been a tax cut for the wealthy. Call it what it is and let's stop it!
Obamacare is and was a tax increase on the American people.
Instead more garbage hearings, work WITH republicans.  Novel idea, especially for an obstructionist I know.  Stop trying 2 "justify" ur job
-"Man, I 
thought American voters were so stupid they'd believe any lie I told them..." 
 Schumer frets to himself
Troll Alert
