I don't  give a flying fak about @potus tax returns, but u would throw us citizens under the bus for this?  Threaten no tax reform for me?
good point!!! we suffer!!!
Only reason many voted for him was on the promise of his tax returns. Refund our votes
On the promise of his tax returns??? bwaaaaahaaahaaa.  Thanks I needed that.  It just gets better every day.
Never again out in 4 years hell he can't be on the ballot in 6 states now
Uh huh, and this has to do with refusing tax reform for all citizens in the next 4 years, how?  Can't wait till you pay higher taxes for us.
Anyone else suprised a woman based her vote on the promise of tax returns? What a mistake giving them a vote.
I voted Honest Hillary not lying Trump. Many I know voted based on his promise of tax forms. Just glad they wont vote for him again
Its funny to see Trump voters upset that they have a choice hold him accountable to his happy release of tax returns or (1$
im suspicious of you Chuck.  Its the job of the IRS to review tax returns.  Not yours
I'm suspicious of you, whats an honest person have to HIDE
Thank you Sooo much Chuck! Only ones who disagree voted for Lying Trump not Honest Hilary
Do not pass anything without Trump's tax returns
It has already been proven that he has paid more in taxes than the entire Democrat party and its constituents combined.
Far from the truth!
Hmmm ? Not really Fake Tears Chuck.  Dems have nothing so you are back to this 
They don't trust Obama's IRS. Does Chuckie need a fake Kleenex for his fake tears? President Trump is MAGA
Move on
It's time to move on. He doesn't legally have to. Hillary should have legal turned over all emails. Why don't you work on that?
Enough w your obstruction learn to get things done for Americans not your donors fraud
just proves that Congress doesnt give a S__*t about the American People. They only care abou getting back in power. SCARY!
Do it for Americans and drop the party hack job.
Hey Chuckie let's see your tax returns. Better still let's see your list of positive accomplishments. Oh that's right you don't have any 
.@SenSchumer 
Russia story was a flop
Dossier story was a flop
Plan Z: Start crying about his tax returns again...
Until Pres Trump releases his full tax returns, a cloud of suspicion will remain & make it much harder to pass tax reform through Congress.
Sen Schumer the American People know YOU are not transparent.  Maybe indictments will loosen up your dossier!
Dems don't care that blocking tax reform for Trump's tax returns will hurt the American people.
This is about trying to save what little power they have in DC. They've driven so many voters away that they've become the party of Mayors.
What a joke! Poor dumb Dem/Libs,they didn't trust OBAMA'S  I.R.S.They're tearing each other apart over abortion stance, lol MAGA
Trumps Tax Return!
@lives1_america @SenSchumer FAKE TEARS!!!
No body give a flying F___ about his tax returns..You and your party are crooks and got away with Murder!
Do nothings like you, hiding behind no term limits, are the very reason why there should be. Veiled threats won't stop @POTUS  #TermLimits
Race baiter--how long has it been since you visited Wall Street? You make my skin crawl!
Give it a rest loser.
Mr Schumer, until U & Ur friends actually start giving a shit for America & doing the job WE PAY YOU TO DO @POTUS has 0 Chance pass NEthing
Your ramblings have no logic. Trumps taxes have nothing to do with the American public you have sworn to serve. You took oath to all of us!
When are you going to come clean about your part in trying to overthrow the turkey government and hiding your helper in pa
Cloud of suspicion over the #StateDepartment FBI DOCS #CherylMills Orders Techs to Delete #HillarysEmails #Bleachbit
You should be removed from office. You hold the American ppl hostage economically for your own petty, self-interest.

@POTUS
Americans want Truth abt Benghazi 2 where ppl actually DIED. And on IRS harassmt of citizens where Lerner took the 5th then took her Pension
Keeping my family safe..Tax cuts to help my small business..Terrorist groups and Illegals removed from USA..Affordable Health Care..MATTERS!
We've seen his tax returns. He makes a lot of money, and pays a lot of taxes. How about we see yours ?
I'm 66 and don't recognize my country anymore. Watching an old movie, "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington ". What happened to the USA
This is why the democrats are dying
Russian ruse lost steam, so back to tax returns. No shame in your game. Pathetic and embarrassing. Loser.
Nah. U should spend ur time and energy resuscitating your dying party.  Blurb blurb...it's circling the drain.
Spend more time on the view chuck!
Chuckie is such a pathetic liar
Only in your deluded mind.
Hey Chuck Is that all you can talk about ?
do u think trump's taxes arent pertinent?
More
U need 2 lose your obsession w/Trump, create legislation, write & sponsor bills. Help the middle class &quit being a puppet 4 the ultra libs
you are such a hack. Do what is right for the people. You and the republicans should give up the lines and help us
Because Trump's taxes have relevance to small businesses?   Your logic is warped and pure partisan BS.
Financial transparency is table stakes for Ethical behavior.  Please legislate this as tradition is not enough for @realDonaldTrump
release your tax returns
So you are against giving Americans a tax break? You're pathetic!
Blah blah blah
what law requires presidential candidates to release their tax returns?
Then the members of Congress will do a full accounting of the perks, trips and favors (dollar value).
Like Bill Clinton's Medical Records? Al Gore college Transcripts? Ditto for Barry?
Chucky I got major dirt on you keep pushing this tax return shit and I will release it. Your choice.

Yes!
So what you are saying is that the Democrats will hold congrats hosting till you get your way. Give government back to the people.
Didn't you already lose this battle on Election Day? Do something worthwhile for the American people!
Give it up and do your job which is to govern, not bicker
Do not enter tax negotiations


Works for me ! You're on a ghost hunt buddy. Get over Chucky you could get them on Russia and you're not going to get them on taxes

Democrats and Chuck Schumer couldn't prove anything tying President Trump to Russia , so like a baby you're pushing the tax papers
Democrats cutting their noses off despite their face
Why is North Korea threatening America. It's simple failed past policies by Democrats
You Democrats own this !fake news and Schumer trying to blame Donald Trump for past president

Obama still hasn't showed us his birth certificate. I want to see it. I don't want somebody told me they saw it I want to see it
https://twitter.com/trobinsonnewera/status/854668812888788994 …
As a NY'r I don't care about tax retuns but have serious issues with NY taxes and illegals.
Yea and he should have never been elected until he released them!  BIG conflict of interests!!
Chuckles DJT taxes is all u have u are so lame
why don't you stop the BS and start working with him. This is just idiotic.
Red herring. Just another excuse for you and your fascist pals to shut down Federal government.
Yawn.
Dont call Trump Pres he wants to be a King. His Majesty or his Highness the first American King Trump.
Don't worry about Trumps taxes, if you were a leader, which you are not, you would have more important things to do.
We have a lot of work to do, people killing people, and riots in the US, & all u and Nancy can think of is Trumps tax returns? #Dontbepetty
Chuck do something about it, act like a man, not just like a do nothing Congressman
U offer no tax reforms, because you still have plenty of billionaires 2 protect.  Y continue 2 badger over an issue that is unimportant 2 us
You could have changed laws that allowed a billionaire to legally avoid taxes.  U could have changed the law to make tax returns mandatory??
If you want tax returns revealed by Presidents, change the law!!!  That happens 2 be your job, lawmaker.  Protest everything, stand 4 noting
Not really sure how those two things are related chucky. Nothing else to smear so back on the tax returns. Do something productive..resign!
A cloud is OK, but leadership needs to see through the clouds and Fix Country... appreciate it Chuck !
Bullshit!  Nobody cares about Trump's taxes except the losing Democrats.  It's not a law.  He did complete a detailed financial statement.
You have never seen a tax cut that you liked.
Change the law
Just another roadblock Chuck is threatening. It's irrelevant at this point. How about you do the job you were elected to do?
Blah..blah..blah..the more you talk..the less I listen.
Not so!
Harder to pass tax reform Chuck?   I thought congress makes tax law?   We should see if those tax laws benefit lawmakers instead of POTUS
Chuck,   No one cares except a handful of media folks and snowflakes who want to keep stirring the pot.
we voted for MrShcumer we don't care about the rest of his taxes it's congress Dems like always complaining. Try working ! With
Make sure for every proposed tax cut for businesses, an EQUAL $ for $ tax cut is passed for average Americans- even those who don't itemize.
How does this make sense? Pretty sure Trump is not middle class so he will not benefit from any tax reform you would want to pass.....
The majority of Americans do not really care if potus releases his taxes!!!

Funny how you saw no cloud when Hillary wouldn't release her emails. Double standard much Chuck?
Wrong
O shut up Chuckie!! No one cares,you lost put on your big boy pants and do your job. Better yet you should quit
Trump the loser and liar..? Yeah right
Grow up and do you damn job, we don't pay you for drama
@FBI @CIA  @DevinNunes U threaten&Blackmail @POTUS Yr parentsReither humiliatedOR raisedUtotally inappropriate!Who doU thkUR?RT!
The ominous cloud of suspicion. Is that what's holding back tax reform? That's a creative excuse!
Nobody cares Chuck! We elected him without his returns and don't need them now!!!
You should be quite senator fake tears why don't you and your party release their returns first you set the example senator fake tears
Why he already won the election he doesn't need to show you shit
It can't be that hard since your party is the minority. Geez, @TheDemocrats is a box of rocks.
Back to tax return? Wait, Russia did not work?  #MAGA
Keep up the pressure on the anti people and anti life Republican Party
You're a giant child.  Try holding your breath until @realDonaldTrump does what you want.
most don't care about his tax returns. Give it a rest. You Lost!!!
Chucky try to work with our president.
All we'll see is that he's used whatever laws you and your colleagues have passed.
Really Chuck? Like you aren't going to give him a hard time no matter what he tries to do.
U can't even pass bills presented & ur telling me ur smart enough to read tax returns? Really?
U are like a broken record. Prob should throw u out like I would a broken record !
Really so you will penalize every American because you can't stop playing partisan politics. Sad but what I expected SAD
.@SenSchumer It won't happen Chuckie. You will fight any tax reform he proposes anyway. There is ZERO upside for @POTUS to release his taxes
Just do ur job d bag
Chuck Schumer = Petty
There is nothing but a bunch of Russian trolls commenting on here. I hope all the bots die!
Lets focus on getting him OUT. #Impeach45 #Trumprussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion
U hope
Ahhh Sen Schumer, so this is what the other side does when they loss elections.... tweet into the oblivion.
Still waiting for a Birth Certificate & 33K emails

#MoveOn
Don't worry as much about the tax returns as much as voting term limits chuckie! Put it on your agenda!! #TermLimits
Chuck,you realize he's never going to voluntarily release them?The notions of truth, decency & doing the right thing are not in his makeup.
You can forget Trumps Tax Returns, its not going to happen
How much money off taxpayers have made you and your Demosocislists rich during your tenure? How valid are your tax returns?
You guys are just digging a deeper hole we don't care about Trumps tax returns. He wins next election in a landslide
Your a putz chuck what have you accomplished other than gripes
Hold that line!
We know. You have opposed tax cuts for business and taxpayers your entire career!
Why Chuck
he already said he would pay the lowest tax by law that's good enough for me
Hey, why don't you take a trip to Turkey?
This Russian crap u have been pushing to no avail, and Trumps tax returns r getting old. When r u Dems going to do the job ur paid to do?
Why? That's just you Dems acting like crybabies. There is no cloud of suspicion except over the Obama admin spying TRUMP.
Chuck you are a no vote no matter what!  Why lie?
Careful now.,,Block tax reform and Americans lose, and so will you at the ballot box.
Chuck U knows it. His state's taxes are through the roof. reduce the federal taxes a bit and he will keep his constituents happy.
Tell people like U everything about what businesses he owns & where! You would not be smart enough to understand Trumps complicated taxes!
Chucky U are a dismal being if U had one ounce of intelligence, U would know that his taxes doesn't say anything, his financial statement
Every member of Congress should release their Full Income Taxes
52 Million don't pay any taxes-they're not paying their fair share!!!
Suspicion of exactly what? Are you saying the IRS isn't doing its job?
Impeach
Tax returns, FBI investigation... needs to be concluded. @RepAdamSchiff
Please stop with the complaining and stand by the President Of The United States !
The only cloud in the Senate is between your powerless neutered ears. Can't wait for reciprocal CCW in NYC! Yippy Kiyay Chuckles!
There's a "cloud of suspicion" about your intelligence. RELEASE YOUR IQ SCORE!!!!  Dufus
yawn
It should never be passed until he shows his taxes and how the reform is going to help him
Let's move on from this one...do your job and pass bills that benefit most Americans ....#you helpmakeamericagreatagain
Thank you Sen. Shumer! Russia is amusing themselves with their new Donald Toy. Please save us!! PLEASE!! I beg of you!
@JARosenberg12  unfortunately that won't happen short of a court order but what about north korea?
We are talking about www3
Start planning your retirement party, you lost any credibility with your ego fillerbuster
Not pass???? Demos should use every procedural trick in the book to prevent it even shows up!! We are trusting you guys to do the job
Can't you get the ethics committee to investigate the private business Ivanka did with the Chinese president when he was at trumps home?
Don't pass tax reform till we see his taxes.
I much rather see Hilary Clinton emails u old fool
It's o.k. chucky,we don't care. He's making America great again.

Chucky you won't understand a tax return anyway.
Only tax reform he and GOP want is tax cuts for rich and an open theft of our social security-all a big NO
Were you on the advisory panel for @realDonaldump's tax reform plan? You appear to know who will get the tax breaks. Do tell we are waiting
You need to worry about the stench in ur OWN closet; like why is SOROS giving YOU money? He's a known Traitor! Ur a Senator? SMH
You are just a talking head obstructing govt business. If you actually helped to pass something your complaints might mean something.
So Chucky ole boy.... your gonna hold America hostage until YOU get what YOU want.. What a waste you and your time have become...
You cannot win a twitter war with Trump.
Like the cloud of suspicion on Obama for 8 yrs on citizenship, Benghazi, school records
Senator, are you saying that tax reform depends on what Mr. Trump's tax returns reveal about him or about his taxes?
Lol.
Tax reform could save middle class between 7-15% in taxes with additional deductions and tax credits,,the investigators have his returns
When are you going to release your Tax Returns to the General Public?
