Chairman Pai’s action will do nothing to invigorate our economy or spark innovation.
Instead, it just creates an aggravating experience for consumers & potentially bank-breaking consequences for American start-ups.
Big cable may cheer on the FCC, but I'm confident millions of Americans who weighed in on #OpenInternet will again make their voices heard.
Neither the American ppl nor Democrats will tolerate the FCC conspiring w/ industry insiders to roll back critical consumer protections.
This administration is going from one freedom and protection process to another. America will never be the same again!!!!!!!
All they care about is staying billionaires! I am actually crying this morning!
Me too!
You have it backwards. Net neutrality ensures the internet remains in the hands of the people. Facts matter.
Another rant from someone clueless. Term limits is our salvation from the likes of you and rest of the confused DNC. Term limits now
Hi, Let's meet my Assistant: Personal #Stock #Investing #Assistant 

http://hello-izi.com/ 

 #Revolution #Fintech 4 #DIY #investors
Did you whine when BO gave away Internet control to the UN.  NO - you are such a hypocrite.  Did I say Un-American, also?
Every move trump has made benefits big business. Erodes protections of citizens. Accelerates the wealth gap. Truly sad for majority of US.
Chucky you Sucky! Party of Bullying, Illegals, No!
@sparkychick3233 I suggest NOT letting them do that Chuck.
Senator Schumer, what we really need to hear from you and Congress is what you're doing to stop this madman and his #PaidToPlay cabinet
And now we are expected to believe you know how the Internet works.  Just because you have a twitter account doesn't make you an expert
what IS NOT going in the WRONG direction???? All the hard work on the environment, health care, etc, going BACKWARDS
Exactly. It has to stop. But how?
#Safari & #GoogleMaps gone from&PC's--stock losses, lost business &jobs @Apple @Google @SamsungMobileUS @Dell @Microsoft
Businesses own us. Face it. So much for democracy.
Schumer if u think it's wrong it must b correct ur a sad little person & not a man
Can we PLEASE TALK ABOUT FUCKING RUSSIA?!!!!!!! FOCUS! Trump/Russia And we want his damn tax returns!
Has your approval rating reached zero yet?  We pay a ton a money to be a professional advocate for our citizens not a self serving elitist
I'm assuming ur talking about Trump, we pay a TON $ for golf & FLOTUS 2 stay in NYC Google the word HYPOCRITE
a person who pretends to have virtues, moral or religious beliefs, principles, etc., that he or she does not actually possess. Sounds like O
OMG r you SERIUOS?? THAT is the pussy grabber to a T, r u being sarcastic I CANNOT BELIEVE u don't see this in Trump
Show me where in the Constitution it gives the Feds the authority to regulate communication.
Your butt-buddy Obama already gave away control of the internet last year, cupcake!

#NTIA #IANA #ICANN #DNSSteward
Today, FCC chairman announced a dramatic step in the wrong direction for the future of the internet w/ his plans to unravel net neutrality.
You have it backwards. Net neutrality keeps the internet in the hands of the people.
Umm, you are incorrect. It gives away the controls of the internet bye the US to the rest of the world. Dangerous and naive
wrong as usual
Actually, he's 100% right. Net neutrality is vital to First Amendment rights. Facts matter.
what facts
LOL that was the ENTIRE Repub platform 4 8 YEARS!!! Google the word HYPOCRITE!
What does that hav 2 do with being the party of "no" or should I google that too???
And what are your plans,chuck,to stop him?
How's he supposed to do that? Trump rules by EO's stubby fingers can't sign them fast enough
He could be screaming from the mountain tops daily,along w/every dem senator, at what a complete and utter disaster this monstrosity is.
The base(us) needs 2 push them
Yeah govt really handles things sooooo well....idiot
Who took self-funded Medicare away?  Dems and the screwed Soc. Sec. That is also self-funded.  Dems are thieves and liars.
No, the Dems AND the GOP are liars. Their interest is in gaining or maintaining power and they will tell any lie to achieve that goal
That is only partially true.  The Dems are not the party of Kennedy or FDR.  They don't know the truth.  AKA - HRC a total lie!!!
Makes cell ph's, laptops & computers obsolete--that OK w/ @Apple @Google @Microsoft @Dell @SamsungMobile @SamsungMobileUS
Stop it chuck! You're the only one to do it!  Stop this from happening! NOW!
IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT CHUCK IT HAS TO BE GREAT !
"Net neutrality" by whose judgement, Democrats only??
yea, now FCC must go after msm! Connections to foreign lobbyist working with illegals agenda. Payments from dems 4 fakenews!
If the Democrats are for it it must be screwing America
I for one, don't want to live the life of PAI!!!
The @POTUS44 regulatory nightmare of the last 8 years is slowly being eliminated. Thanks @POTUS
#FCC just so you know, your a big puttz. Oh that ain't good if ya don't know. Taking it away then charging for it, what's next, water?
@cblazina & he's laughing at us all the way 2 the bank. Hope that check doesn't bounce.
U and UR Fearless Leader @POTUS44 Turned the internet over to the UN!!!
What legislation is being proposed to STOP the ending of internet neutrality? Our browsing histories are available for sale.
Chuckie do you really understand peering and what it costs to run a backbone.  Why shouldn't Netflix pay to have its content delivered.
Why does the Govt need their fingers in everything?
How can we stop this administration?

And Ryan supports this. He needs to be fired, voters
We all have to make our voices heard before it's to late.
Nooooo!
Goodnews
#Retire #Rabiddogs
This would hurt all small businesses with an internet presence!
Stop this insanity!
Wut, U don believe the foxes should police themsleves while guarding the chicken coop?  How ODD.
"net neutrality" is Democratic code for " shut everyone up who doesn't agree with us.
You need to do more research. It is about more than partisan issues.
WoW under That Guy tax plan the government will loose 4 TRILLION IN TAX REVENUE! This is unacceptable 
#Trumptaxes
This is terrible news. An action driven by big money and greed. Welcome to the United States of Screw the Little Guy.
For average person...no more standard tax deductions, and a financial choice to make - medical ins (if we qualify) or Internet.  Tough one!
Answers now on Russia!
Says you.
Twitter tip: number your threads. Signals there is more coming, so then we only have to retweet first one.
Oh my God no!!!!!
Why since your party has all are info anyway
As usual you find yourself on the fringe end of a policy
Can I please just bitch slap him?? Pretty please.
Yes, after me 
This country is going in the wrong direction we are losing too much snoozing.
Pls do everything in your power to prevent erosion of r democracy. If r greedy regime is allowed to destroy it, the whole planet will suffer
Senator, if you truly love this great Republic, you better be ready to "burn the mother down" in Washington. Not ordinary times.
Stop being an alarmist for votes
Chuck sit back and relax your communist days are over. President Trump is taking command can giving back our country too the people
Like Ur Boss Obama did when he gave up our control of the internet to the UN, No need 2 point fingers, just look in the mirror.
your just a hater spawned by your leftist hate clan, here's 2 them serving u well in 2018 n 2020, but I don't see it..
And what the hell do you know about anything except feeding your pocket book?
You guys better fucking stop this shit. Because right now? I'm not too pleased with the Dems either.
Good make it expensive and we can say good by to ur tweets and facebook. Nothing there to miss any way but whining and crying
Why are Dems against everything that helps WeThePeople? Get on the right side Chuck!
Why don't you work on coming up with a good idea instead of just obstructing all the time? Everyone is sick of you Chuck Schumer.
You don't speak for We the People. What you call "obstructing" is his duty to serve the people over Trump.
Thank God for Trump
Time to hear from @Google @Microsoft @Facebook @Apple @Salesforce @Reddit Flex your eMuscles
Because, you know:  businesses CARE about us more than they do about profits . . . urm . . .
Of course they did, is there ANYTHING else left 4 this Admin to rape?
YEAH! While you're at it get the freakin' INTERNET BACK FROM THE U.N.  nothing 'neutral' about net neutrality
So what do you intend to do about it?
Stop them
Again, follow the money. FFS
In this upside down world did you really expect anything logical? Destruction seems to be the new normal.
what
You r a pedophille or drug trafficker? Which is it? How much did make from chiobani payoff from Muslim bro hood? Uranium sales w hitlery c.
They who pay to lay the pipes control what goes through them. Want net neutrality use Eisenhower Postal Road model to set up PO net backbone
1996 internet. I'm looking forward to AOL disks in my mailbox.
If you don't it, Chuckles -- then that sinply confirms it's a good thing. Hence -- y'all can kiss the Nation's ass. #JustSayn
PLEASE STOP HIM - LEGISLATE and LEAD WE the people need co-equa branches to STEP-UP to stop #lyingorangesmallhands
What's on your laptop Chucky ! Hmmmm
BO agenda virtually wiped out in less than 100 days. After #ACA repeal & aside from the decay of race relations it's like he was never here
Yes. It's a disgrace. We need to know who he's serving. Certainly not the people.
If you want it... Ill have nothing to do with it...
If Chuckie is against it, you can bet its the right thing to do!
You're not going to cry are you? I know the Democratic Party has lost all power but keep it together, we need to stay strong
I think Trump whines enough for all of them. Everyone is just so MEAN to him!
More importantly, do not trust Trump on the cost reduction subsidies
you've the face of a goblin.
