Stop trying to save the name "ObamaCare!" We don't care what YOU call it, we want to see our doctors! Don't #Resist, #Participate
I wish they would impeach all of them tried of hereing all the lies.I am sick of the lies.God's people knows Trump is worng
Repeal  get rid of the abuse in Medicaid
Don't take my vote for granted. Hillary is my hero, you are not. Your statement today was reprehensible.
I'm trying really hard to support a unified Democratic party, but Schumer isn't making it easy.
He's crapola
You mean on behalf of you and your cronies the biggest lying, cheating, stealing terrorist group in the US, the DNC.
And yet you want a single payer system, is this not a repeal of Obamacare? If this is the route you take, it's a 'repeal and replace, yes?
Obamacare care is holding us back from getting the tax reform that we need to move this country forward.
Chuck your a joke
Thanks you!
Sorry Senator Schumer, you are a cataclysm.
Couldn't agree more! Thanks for working to protect consumers @SenSchumer ! @mattwhouse
Go back to the old way. Competition!
You need to add Free College Tuition to the #ABetterDeal plan.
And who will pay for free college?
Make rich people pay. Raise taxes on everyone making $100k and more to pay for college and healthcare for rest of us.
Are you crazy. Retired paying for a 20 year olds college. CRAZY
Why has McConnell hid the process from even his own Repubs. Because it takes health care from Millions of trump voters. In Dark, no hearings
What is wrong with u people,Russia should be more important,I don't want to live like Russia and that is what Trump is doing,.
Ur dictatorship party must stop hiring protesters to destroy people that dont agree with ur nazi tactics. Session must go after u criminals
the people see and hear you you won't be re-elected. the people need representatives of them not  reps of illegals. ur done

Paul Ryan,Mich McConnell Jeff Sessions ,Paul Manfor, in Trump cabinet is so far people having deals with Russia.look how many in Punit has
Mr Schumer,The people that are standing strong with Trump need to be check out before Russia takes over,its hard telling how many,impeach.
BS - CFPB is an unregulated bureaucracy
What makes you say that? It is responsible to the congressional oversight committee and a few other agencies.
What are they going to cut your special interest check?
Really how much money did the lobbyists pay u to say this chuckie HYPOCRITE lying self serving obstructionist
& I suppose Dodd-frank wasn't put into place to bail the banks out & bypass a congressional vote
Wait, are you gonna fake cry again?
I think it is the Dems that own more stock in the insurance companies? That's why the want to bail them out?
We need term limits!  Sick and tired of paying for you bull crap!
We need to close down the anti-consumer @CFPB
Keep making noise about this. Make the message simple and keep repeating it; use the republicans tactics against them
Imagine if co's forced millions of consumers/workers to waive 2d instead of 7th Am rights. Wonder which pants GOP would be wearing then.
The best way to be pro-consumer is to be pro-economic liberty. Eliminate Dodd N. Frankenstein. Eliminate unaccountable bureaucrats.
You don't stand a chance.  Trump needs a executive order to fire anyone in his way

STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Mr.Schumer!!

Time2 get w/the program&start helping WE THE PEOPLE instead of OBSTRUCTING! 
@realDonaldTrump is #MAGA
Please at least read the bill! Then stop it
Instead of saying consumers say the people.  More basic language has more impact. We know who the others are.
Thank you, @SenSchumer! We cannot ignore VITAL issues like #RipOffClause.
Sir, why make any comment about Hillary and her loss? Is it truly necessary? you're right, there was fault, but can't we let it be?
NOPE we won't let it go!!!
Why don't you Dem's come out ut and create a single payer health care plan. Or Medicare for everyone. No preexisting conditions. All covered
We are stuck with Obamacare because of people like you.
Chuck please step down from office
Be quiet.
Sure wack head.  Single payer was always the goal.  You knew obama Fail care would die , it was an appetizer to single payer. Not happening
U mean ambulance chasers...don't you Chuckles ?
That's a switch after the damage you've done. How come my school friends who R Jewish didn't get the #JewCall? How cld u do this 2 my son?
THIS IS WHAT SINGLE PAYER DOES;;Charlie Gard's parents end fight to save their baby's life | London ...www.standard.co.uk › News › UK
WE CANT AFFORD TO LET THE GOV HAVE A CHOICE WHO LIVES & WHO DIES  under single payer, just like LONDON CHARLIE MURDERED BY SINGLE PAYER.
Every time you attempt to come across as a "man of the people", looking out for "us", America rolls its eyes. 
Thanks for the laugh!
Clown obstructing everything. I support @POTUS to #MAGA
Single payer doesn't work just look at the v.a.!! U have to pay for prescriptions, physical therapy, wheelchairs, etc. What a joke!!
Disappointed by this Better Way thing. Better Deal whatever. Feels like you sold us out to a tired, false, trump talking point.
Polls show trump popularity has gone up. Great news. It shows dems are loosers as we where saying for sometime. Chucky your numbers down
https://scannedretina.com/2014/11/17/georgia-the-lawful-state-memorial-to-congress-14th-and-15th-amendments-declared-void/ …  Senators like you are the cause of problems shown in referenced documentn(s).  Why not fix Congressional Problems?
You are so right, @SenSchumer! @CFPB #ripoffclause rule will restore Americans' right to go to court against bad banks!
You Chuck are a joke
We must defeat any efforts by dems to obstruct
Destroy something good and wholesome today...
You know what slogan has a chance of helping Dems: --We Can Fix This--  What do you think America?
I think Democrats had 8 years to FIX THINGS. They didn't do it.
Yes; we must Defeat the Trump Alternative Right and it's cronies!
And allow the left to continue to hijack our constitution and bill of rights.  No thanks.
I don't think the republicans know what they're doing. They're a bunch of overgrown children. Even Trump is angry with them.  Lol
Hilarious...this from a dem that wants legalized pedofilia for him and his muslim brothers.
Yeah now all the sudden you care
Why if Democrats want it probably not good for America citizens
our first job is to get that crook out of the White House ASAP
Word!
Try doing it without women and minorities Chuck. You're a lousy ally.
You need to go read and read a bible. God never created a human of disgrace to humanity.
