A man shot and killed three people on the streets of downtown Fresno, authorities said. http://cbsn.ws/2pQ4MRY 
Are you going to start crying again Chuck
@SenateGOP @SenateDems Trump legislation enables gun purchase by mentally distressed; Trump's GOP is part of the problem
Alice Mary, hadn't thought it might be Trump's bromance with Putin that had him sign the expanded gun purchase legislation
Get the FACTS right, it will go a long way serving your credibility
Please don't play stupid, just cite your source, with link.
Its the slave and master philosophy from Illinois Black Moozlims and Dick Durbin that perpetuates incidents like this. Fire him!
I am telling you what's right Senator Schumer.
Well when you have a president that promotes hate & violence it's going to get worse my prayers go out to the family's
Obama is not in office
Exactly & people need to get that
Senator will you remain committed to stop bigotry against women by men wanting to control OUR reproductive organs and health?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aETpLQ7WcM&feature=share …
Oh really hypocrite this is also stuff that affects all of us Wheres the outrage ? That's right he is your friend :)
Where is your outrage over the attacks on Supporters of our President by thugs in Berkeley?
Except for the fact that you still can't call this a terrorist act, but you'd have no problem if it were a white veteran.
@CBSThisMorning @CNN @MSNBC Start with CINC for trickle down impact.45 bully,threat tweets says it all.
My thoughts & prayers go out to the victims of this heinous crime. We must all remain united in condemning hatred and bigotry of any kind. https://twitter.com/CBSThisMorning/status/854532002351120386 …
@CBSThisMorning Hey Chuck, what happened to your support for BLM?
When will these killings stop?
A racist black man targeting white men. Imagine the outrage if he was white targeting blacks
If you read the article this is another person with mental illness with a gun!
NRA is to Blame! Gun Control for crazy people is a no Brainer!
Well who will say who is crazy. Do they have to prove it? Do u get a trial to prove it not? Not against it in theory but it's complicated
When I got my security clearance I took a test then spoke to a psychologist about the results. I wasn't ensultted and was proud of my badge
There are no more place for them to go. The states have shut down most of the homes or institutions for crazy people.
Very True and we are so distracted by less important issues in our troubled society
Yeah one of your Muslim brothers. Keep supporting the lawless people
I believe you could do more to help prevent this. Instead you pamper a pimp the result just for your advantage. You are a fraud
God is great in Arabic is Allah is great.  When will you condemn radical Islam?
U r correct Sir.Together we have stand &face allthis challenges.If u want to defeat hate/terrors we nd toemploy power of love &togetherness.
Hey Chuckie, what was he yelling?
Yes and u and all your Senators should all b united! The election is done and u r a Patriot u should too be United!  Get on Board!!!!
He was a good Democrat Chuck. You keep wanting to let more of this type in the USA so they will vote democrat
Thank you for speaking out.
So why no concern about NY Terrorist Victims? Murdered by SAVAGE FALN Terrorists and Obama gives Clemency? Real disgrace to victims memory
You should be sorry it was your party that stoked the fire of hate Obama Pelosi and You
This from the man who screamed at a trump supporter in a restaurant followed him outside and ruined everybody's meal. Real Hypocrite Chuck
Hey Chuck -nice you tweeted a message about this, however where the h*ll were u guys w/the 6th & upcoming elections???
We're watching u guys and so far, you're failing.
Stop riding our coatails and get involved and speak up for the upcoming elections. U guys already BLEW IT w/KS & GA
Chuck this bigotry? It was nothing but radical Islamic terrorism. Any other description is a lie.  SMH again. Predictable..
Does that include your hatred for the conservative US citizen who feels you only care about all the people dependent on your money 4 a vote?
Killed the innocent people while yelling Aloha snackbar. Religion of peace, sure.
Strongest gun laws in the country didnt stop him.  Good guy with a gun might have tho.
It was Terrorism chuck, and guess what.  He was Muslim.
How about you denounce Islamic terrorism!
Muslims ban? Put these crooks in jail
Ummmm, it's another Muslim acting in the name of Allahu. Perhaps the caliphate against western civilization is real? Call it what it is!
PRAYERS??? Invoking religion?  What is your stance on abortion UpChuck?
IT WAS TERRISEM SMUCK
And let's keep passing laws that make no restrictions on gun ownership
The party that wins elections calls this terrorism.
Your thoughts and prayers now always ring hollow. They do nothing. Do something about gun control and you may be taken seriously #guncontrol
Yes Senator Schumer how about common sense gun laws!
I would believe this from anyone but u
Dems own this, your kind, schumer, spouts hate, division and racism.
Terrorism..hmm...seems to be a reoccurring theme these days despite the MSM attempt to make it something else.....NRA to blame? How stupid
Thank you. This is the first thing I could agree with you on in a long time
So your sending them an empty gift basket? 
Chuck, you failed to mention that this was a terrorist act. AP changes Fresno killer’s words from ‘Allahu Akbar’ to English equivalency.
Hey is the state that is democrat run and lets crime go on so as not to offend all the little snowflakes, so they are getting what they want
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @JACM0313 This proves the homeland security policies that our #nitwittrump wants to implement are not the right 1s..
Fact is his #BLINDMULES that he relies on are either military or inexperienced millionaires that don't care.
We should get #INEPTPOTUS OUT!
@CBSThisMorning Then why not condemn the hatred and bigotry exhibited by your fellow supporters at Trump rallies...Berkeley?
True dat. But we are where we are compliments of Obama and company. Unfortunately US reaps what you sow. Time to unite - everyone.
Enough thoughts and prayers.  We need action?
"a man" named Muhammed yelling Allahu Ackbar you clown. This is why I voted #Trump
Still no mention from you regarding MS-13 murders on Long Island. It doesn't fit your illegal immigration stance. Politics sucks!
How about we drop our fear of the NRA and restore the 2nd amendment to require militia membership and then ban private gun ownership?
Unfortunately for you that's not what the second amendment says. But so you know the militia was EVERY man between 18-45 back then.
Chuck, You are always LATE with the appropriate and ON TIME with ignorant.
You forgot to say terrorist attack
Waiting to hear you condemn anti-Semitic bigotry in the Democratic Party @Keith Ellison
TY Senator @realDonaldTrump he wasn't a Muslim and he wasn't from Mexico and u didn't protect those three innocent victims
"a man" named Muhammed yelling Allahu Ackbar you clown.
Police! Please go get the guns away from these guys before the next tragedy!  Poor Family , sad
Unless its against clinton of course then you all looked the other way.
.@1choice yes I agree. This is a sad day for sure prayers to the families of this attack and the family in Clev Oh.  RIP 
Tetroism
If you're serious about that then start by dialing back the cries of misogyny, racism, cruelty, mean spirited, homophobic and antisemitism
Repeated violence such as this nation wide means gun laws need to be stricter. Seems like criminals are getting firearms far too easy.
"a man" named Muhammed yelling Allahu Ackbar you clown. This IS why we own guns.
No, that's why we have law enforcement.
Really? come at me wearing a turban shouting that and find out for sure
Muslims don't wear turbans. And you just said you'd kill someone for saying God is great. Would you shoot a Christan for yelling amen?
Their threat is real and that is their battle cry or haven't you heard about 911, Boston, Paris, Orlando now LA? Damn Liberal Unicorns
You didn't answer my question. Would you shoot a Christian for yelling Amen? It's equivalent.
How do prayers work?
Amen!!!!!
You actually pray? 
A rare moment when we agree.
Let's condemn it in the WH first. A fish rots from the head.
Then you would agree that the same would go for Obama related to San Bernadine and Orlando?
Um...not sure what your point is. That makes no sense at all. Obama didn't preach, encourage & reward hate and discrimination. Try again.
Chuck trying to unite the country. That's new.
He's trying not like your #dumbasstrump they should use there  2nd amendment right on he's racist ass like he said about Hillary,
