Sen. Chuck Schumer and Rep. Nancy Pelosi: Dreamers are as American as apple pie | via @CNNOpinion http://cnn.it/2x2ELXT  
Here's a pic of me when I first came to the US Senator Schumer at age 7. I dressed up to be FDR. Now I am 28 in graduate school. #Dreamer
Still haven't applied for citizenship? Why not? Seems like you've been an adult for ten years and your parents could have tried before that! You getting that edu on taxpayers dime?
I love how people think they know about immigration law. THERE IS NO PATH TO CITEZENSHIP WHEN UNDER DACA! He couldn’t apply if he wanted too
Vacation in Cancun for a while, move back in legal
This is so dumb that I’m not going to even dignify it with an argument.
Blame your parents, there are ways to do it legal. Go home, marry an American is another way Take your edu you got free here and help your country. 11 million hard workers/educated ppl could really help your nations
Hey sweetie. See the flag in my name! I’m puertorican. We are naturalized American citizens and this guy is just as American you and I are.
I get that our joke of a president is selling you division but try to think outside the box. Travel more, meet people you might be surprised
About about you & your friend pass tax reform & healthcare? Oh I forgot, you don't give a shit about us Deplorables just fellow Dems! Sad
We want the wall not the dreamers. If you fought half as hard for Americans as you do illegals you might be something   Just a #traitor
DACA: KEY LINK IN AMERICA'S CHAIN MIGRATION....DACA: KEY LINK IN AMERICA'S CHAIN MIGRATION.....DACA: KEY LINK IN AMERICA'S CHAIN MIGRATION..
She is an evil woman who wants nothing, but more power and control for the government. You calling her a friend says what you are as well.
How about you work on keeping the Americans hard earned money out of your pockets?
I wish you and Nancy were in my state so I could have pleasure of voting you out
William, you are a bot.
Please fight for the DreamAct!  While I am not a Dreamer because of Ragan's amnesty; I know we will fight and are fight for America.
Come in legally! It's as easy as that!
We have to rally and fight harder to stop people like Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer. Get them voted out of office.  Save the USA.  No DACA.
You won't pass anything.
The "nightmare" act! You and Nancy work hard for illegals every day! Blacks are thrown right under the bus by u frauds
T Y 4 being a VOICE OF REASON! Please DONT PASS THE TAX BILL! This "little boy" is RUINING US! Sooner hes gone, the BETTER 4 ALL OF US!!
If they are were not born here but brought here illegally they are still illegals. Each case should be judged separately not as group.
What about sticking up for Hispanics and Americans born here for a change? I am not Xenophobic I just want to know who's coming here and why
Looking for a #NewDreamAct, one where you actually care more about the Americans instead of #IllegalImmigrants.  But it's all about the vote
Of course you are...don't give a flip about REAL Americans.
You, Pelosi, nor anyone else gets to decide what we, the American people, want. We decided & voted for a Wall, and that's that. Step aside.
.@SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr YES, keep it simple & clean-no brainer! Embarrass (publicize) "no" voters. NEEDED ASAP as youth suffering in limbo!
Chuck & Nancy aka Gomez & Morticia. Will you ever go away?!?!? Ughh.
What about fighting harder than ever to help middle-class Americans? Where is that fight Chuck? We're floundering out here
Not
Of course you are.  Since you care more for illegals than your constituents
HYPOCRITES AND RACISTS

Great News: Driving to DC with Trump bumper sticker & getting thumbs ups from other drivers.

#SaturdayMorning #SatChat 
Why don't you just reform the immigration laws like you should have decades ago and quit screwing aroundjust try to secure the vote
Are you kidding me?
You better get it going soon! It is urgent.
Give em hell chuck
All talk...no action.  Not going to happen.
It's called being an obstructionist no matter how much good Trump's agenda is
Thank you for your hardwork
You make a good team
Alert : Schumer & Pelosi are part of the  dead head progress of the fading Democratic Party . These two losers  should retire
You need to keep better friends chuckie
Chuck, how about aggressive tax reform w/o state tax deductions which put more tax on the up 10%?
Too bad you don't fight as hard for the citizens of America like you do illegals!
Pass tax reform! That's first!
Why not fight harder than ever to work w/POTUS & make US great again instead of fomenting racism & keeping us poor as communists? U elitist!
and WE will fight harder than ever to vote YOU &Pelosi OUT!#AMERICAN HATERS
Pelosi doesn't know what planet she's on
From her taxpayers funded 200 seat private jet
Of course you will that's what you and Nancy do. You fight for your illegal alien votes and crap on actual constituents.
Let me see you fight harder to defend The Constitution. DACA, BHO Should have been impeached for violating The Constitution.
No Daca.  Citizenship can't be stolen and it can't be traded for Dem votes.  Allowing DACA sets a horrible precedent for lawbreakers.
Taxpayers voted for Pres Trump because we are against the unlawful Dreamers.  Dems use Dreamers,trade citizenship 4 votes.
BETTER GET THE VOTE OF THE PEOPLE FIRST.  MOST OF US DON'T WANT IT.
We have 3+ million American citizens in Puerto Rico/ US virgin Islands that need help, need homes! Screw your illegals till we can help/house our own!
Apple pie, hot dogs, ballgames...and the American flag. Do it legally.
You two need to work on retirement!! You have no clue what the people want. That’s what you want. #DrainTheSwamp
You have to start first not for the people only cheaters 
@POTUS @JEFFSESSIONS @4US_WORKERS @STEPHENMILLERAL BUT U WON'T EVEN MAKE A STMT ABOUT AMERS TRAINING THEIR GOV'T ISSUED H1B REPLACEMENTS..
CHUCKIE-YOU & NANCY HAVE COMMITED TREASON TO THE AMER PPL WATCHING THEM TRAIN THEIR H1B RPLMTS -> TREASON!!!!!!!!!
CHUCKIE-I HEARD A RUMOR YOU HAVE A 11 X 14 PICTURE OF ZUCKERBERG HANGING IN YOUR LIVING ROOM ... IS THAT TRUE?
NEWSFLASH CHUCKIE & NANCY - AMERICA KNOWS EVERY MOVE YOUR MAKING .. AND WE'RE NOT HAPPY WITH YOU TRAITORS !!!!!
Bet u would have had to fight really hard 8 yrs ago when u passed Obamacare...illegal immigrants weren’t a necessary voting block then???
How is your stock Portfolio doing?? Word is staffers have inside information!!!  If I do not hear from you, will assume it is true.
Send them all back! They don't belong here no matter what the reason. Deporting will teach other potential illegals that crime doesn't pay!
'Fight harder than ever'?? Since when? Now that @realDonaldTrump is PRESIDENT? You and Nancy have had PLENTY OF TIME to make a change.
They had the previois 8 years to do something & failed. They're all talk, no action. Take an easy stand to obstruct & appear like they care!
What the hell have you and Nancy been doing for 18 years! Enough! Americans are fed up. That's why @realDonaldTrump is PRESIDENT.
How about an American Citizen act?
Remember, this is the fight against your American child. Demonstrate your position by keeping Schumer's girl Gilibrand out of Washington





First mistake saying Nancy Pelosi is you friend. Second if they are here illegally the dream is over. You should be fighting for citizen
i dream too
If Pelosi can put three words together.
We  are so lucky to have you both in DC looking out for the ppl of this country! Mahalo
When they had majority, what did they do? Nothing. The same they will do now? It's all looking out, do nothing. Why do you believe losers?
We all have to believe in something. That's what makes us unique and beautiful ppl 
Interesting how the "dream" of the non-Americans is an American's nightmare.
How many will u and Nancy adopt and care for?
Continue the fight!
Looking over your 1986 immigration reform. Amnesty & increased border security. Started with 5 mil, now we have 11.5 mil illegals. Nice work
Are we going the have to pass this to know what's in it?
Stop you people are tiresome
That's fine but what about parents they need to get stepping
Chuck & Nancy when the Hell are you going to fight for the US citizens of the Country that put you there.  Instead of illegals!
My God, Fight More? Wow! That's all you do & that's exactly why you've lost the last 5 elections! Please Keep Fighting (and losing)!
FIGHT RESIST FIGHT RESIST OPPOSE OPPOSE OPPOSE
What ??? They r selling this Country!!!!!benefits r only for them!!
Too bad their parents made them illegals and ineligible to become citizens.    Wall, law then address the rest.
Nasty
how?
Oh what a tangled web we weave, when First you practice to Deceive!
You are suck a clown Chuckie!
OMG then SHUT UP and DO SOMETHING. Seems to me DACA, PUERTO RICO are tops to you what about VIRGIN ISLANDS TEXAS and FLORDIA are I racist?
""U" racist
Just make sure you put that wall up in the process. And you can stay on the other side since you are more concerned about Non US Citizens!
Well, except for the fact they’re here illegally...
Yes bring Pelosi’s ungrateful entitled adult children in we already paid for they’re education and healthcare
Thank you Sen. Schumer.
For what?
Nancy & Chuckie support noncitizens over American children. They don't believe that American children have a right to Dream.  #DreamAct
But not for the forgotten American citizens u have taxed back to the Stone Age u self serving hypocrite political hack America he hates USA
Stop tweeting about it, and be about it!!
Of course you will. If not you may never win another election.
Is this what president Reagan and Bush did with their last amnesty via executive order?Us first generation immigrants don't forget the past.
The might dream they are
Perfect couple
Bring it on Chuck! Because the American people are tired of the bull shit and we're ready to fight even harder to stop it just like before!
show us a plan where benefits of dreamer amnesty exceeds expense Of supporting them and their extended families
Illegals are illegals send them home and let them come back the right way. Democrats are a stupid bunch if they think we believe them!
Onward and upward!
And you are as crazy as a loon
Fight?  Or think harder to offer patriotic solutions, you traitors!  Oh, that’s right-your brains are dead, if you HAVE any
Np, no they are not. Stop pissing on our legs and say it is raining. NOT working.
Ant wait till you znd pelosi are gone from government. Retire and give us a break from all your rhetoric
For you, Nancy and your lobbyists it's more like the #WetDreamAct.   NO DEAL without the wall!
I have a dream, that you liberals would care more about Americans then everyone else. Oh I forgot you want the votes.
Enforce immigration laws. Deport all illegal aliens. #EndDACA
Don't you dare without securing all our borders first. If not we will have the same DREAMER issue in 10 years.
Why didn't you pass it when dem held both houses and executive branch? Must not of been that important.
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi who u going 2 fight with #stirrer @POTUS said he wouldn't send them back #he us work something out #FakeNews 
What about the rest of us and our dreams Chuckie? Do we not matter because we were born here? You have Americans currently suffering and your looking to help others before you help them
@CNNPolitics @CNNOpinion Once  again always obstruct help for Americans but jump a mile to help illegals. Pathetic!
it is illegal
Oh go suck on an egg!
Chucky you nose is growing.
Great but at the moment Puerto Rican's need water food and life sustaining goods and services
THAT'S BECAUSE YOU AND PELOSI ARE CORRUPT AND UN-AMERICAN FIGHT FOR EVERYTHING THAT WILL HURT AMERICANS
Whine together!
Stay focused!
WADR, Thank U & @NancyPelosi 4 EVERYTHING U DO 4 ALLOfU.S. FAMILIES! But Right NOW, TODAY, WE R BEGGING U 2 SAVE OUR @PuertoRicoPUR FAMILIES
...@PuertoRicoPUR USA Citizens, #Marie VICTIMS R SICK, HUNGRY, THIRSTY, & DYING... THEY NEED U BOTH NOW! ALL Of U.S. BEG U 4 HELP.
What about us The Citizens?
Thanks President Trump. We knew you would do it !!!!




Crooks

Thank you!  Please make it a clean bill!  No extras - just make these people safe!
Make my kids safe first

TO BAD YOU & YOUR FRIEND DON'T FIGHT FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AS HARD AS YOU FIGHT FOR ILLEGALS!!

OH YES YOU R FLOODING COUNTRY W/DEM VOTES!
So why did Obama have to write an ExOrder & not do it legal?
Yeathey’re all wonderful, responsible productive children that are working Illegally in the country along with their families. #Deport
Stick Jr up both of your arses .  They have had plenty of time to become legal, they're not kids anymore, your lying rhetoric is astounding
Why now Chuckles.?. YOU HAD A SUPER MAJORITY... oh that's right... you're using immigrants as a political club and building ur voter rolls
You and Nancy should move to Mexico and start a dream act there.
And you should go back to your country were your family came from.
quit talking, stay off Tv and walk the talk!
u 2 work harder for dreamact yet work against anything that would actually help legal American citizens, u know like healthcare & tax reform
Wonderful, thank you but are you guys ready to fight hard to pass a relief bill for PR/demand more aid/better management? It's been 9 days!
AND TAX REFORM FOR AMERICANS?
False: u have no friends.
In Chuckie speak, Nancy and I will try harder than ever to obstruct Potus and and ALL of his efforts. #obstructionist
Not gonna happen! No amnesty. No way.
Replace Americans with foreign labor?   That's your plan?   That's the "Better Deal?  Be sure to tell the unions about your plan.
You are both two of the worst leaders in congress that America has ever had. All you do is support laws that you like and resist the others.
That’s a racist comparison. Flour is white and apple flesh is white. You are debasing the dreamers by equating them to white america. Ugh
Too bad you don't worry about the citizens of this country, but is that not your job?
#DreamAct is DOA i.e. Dead On Arrival. The two of you need to fund and #BuildTheWall. Then we can address illegal immigrant solution. #MAGA
Please do something about Puerto Rico!!!
Your using CNN to boast about something? Not real smart. Fake news
then get on with it, Nancy & Chuck!!!
Chuck and Nancy have no interest in doing what's right for Americans!  Knocked the tax reform before he knew what was in it!
For every tax paying dreamer we will keep, we can deport 2 system sucking dead beat Americans! Now that is a great trade!
What about #CHIP for kids! That expires tomorrow!
Of course you are. You can't do health or taxes for citizens but I'm sure you'll muster up strength for illegals
Brilliant . Spot on
Has @RepComstock reached out to you yet? She's supposedly working on a bipartisan solution. Not holding our breath. #VA10
Nancy. Remember their feelings. Liar .. Liar.  They are illegal.
California govornor allocates 75 million for dreamers  How do you feel about that Californians
Millions of #Dreamers @TheDemocrats need to keep being forced pay your insurance company donors money under #ACA instead of #MedicareForAll
Why need more voters?
I would choose a new friend... you are who you hang with! 
It really appears both of you are anti-American
You dream to hate and hurt Americans for illegal aliens.
And Americans are as Mexican as tacos
W/supermajority+WH, y’all failed #DREAMers. Using them politically now just #Shameless

WhyU&Dems Rso obsessed with illigals.U Rwasting valuable time on our dime?U need 2serve UScitizens not iliigals.U&Dems need2B Fired&Replaced
What happens with CHIPS after today. To hell with those kids?????

If Democrats cared about taxes they wouldn't charge the taxpayer 90 billion for their illegal voters.
Clueless
#FirePrice #FirePrice #FirePrice #FirePrice #FirePrice #FirePrice #FirePrice #FirePrice #FirePrice #FirePrice #FirePrice #FirePrice NOW
