NYers know who sent thugs to rough up old ladies in rent controlled apartments so the buildings could be torn down and Trump Tower built.
I think Trump Tower was built at the Bonwit Teller location.  He harassed old ladies in other buildings.
I prolly mixed up the incidents. The point is that there is always a bus ready and waiting for victims to be thrown under.
Absolutely!
I think he left out some important words "I'll have your back in order to stab it."
Mr Schumer. I'm very disappointed. Back stab Hillary! Nice show of support!
Press needs to stop saying Dems had a lost message! We ran against a crook! We went to a gun fight with a sling shot! Keep our integrity.
Few words for you, cryin' Chuck. You have not heard @POTUS and @jeffsessions discussions.People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.1/2
You have been throwing stones ever since the Inauguration.Lying every time your mouth speaks.Fake crocodile tears go back to your swamp.2/2
Fight for the truth and our message that millionaires and TV stars don't see average people as needing anything but them. Push real policy.
You need to pound the message that Trump and everyone around him making money in WH. He didn't run for people he ran for wealth.
Ugh Chuck you need to stop about Hillary . I think it's time we vote you out
Exactly. @realDonaldTrump isn't loyal to nobody. He expects loyalty but he ain't loyal himself so don't forget that.
The President doesn't trust our intelligence agencies. He would rather talk to Putin than other leaders! Trumps keep gaining wealth in WH.
Between Trump and Mooch they will hang them selves. You must fight for being a party for everyone not just billionaires.
Trump will throw anyone under the bus, even his closest allies
Even his son.
but what about his son-in-law????
He's very proud of him! How does that feel Donald Jr?
You mean like the way that you had @HillaryClinton's back Sen. Schumer? Angry old white men need to stop mansplaining. She won the pop vote.
#SaveTheACA
Schumer do what the people elected you for. Jeeezz problematic 60 something child
Am ah being defended by Mistah Schumer? A New Yawkah? Who is .. ahh .. ummm... not a Christian!  *clutching mah pearls*
Turned his back on "good friend" & "mentor" Roy Cohn. This is DJT's MO. Wake up USA & GOP
Don't worry about message get Sessions out - keep our backbone- get family members out. Trump built a mote around WH with liars and cheats.
Keep our backbone of caring with integrity. Republicans r racists - this win was payback for supporting Obama! Don't defend fight!
Don't fight for New Democratic message fight for gun control! Get most Americans on page for background checks! Fight for substance!
Talk about Jareds brother in tech meeting at WH- talk about how majority scared of what his $ can do to them. Trump & WH getting richer!
Watching you on cspan!! I fully support you Senator Schumer!! Fight for all of us!!! Thank you!
Oh my!!!  I think I'm in hell!!  Oh, is a democratic sound board.   Just like hell.
Don't believe those 11 pages - smart enough to make big money in private sector but stupid in politics? Stupid at US history of adversaries?
è8from
Who has your back? The Awan Brothers? Oh, that's right, they have your BlackBerry.
What rhymes with Chuck U. Schumer?
Mooch and Trump both Dems in past- now that their richer their Republicans. Pound the message that this WH does not represent the people.
Isn't this the truth? 
Focus Chuck. He's about to fire Mueller.
He can't fire Mueller
Can't a lot of things.
Good point!
Two words when Democrats promise you can keep your health care plan: Barack Obama.
And you can thank the InsCos for that, because they never promised you could keep your plan, even pre-ACA.
When will you dems get it thru your heads , we the people/voters don't give a crap about your fake russia bs
Democrats won pop vote! We ran against a fake tv star! Dems have backbone and do t want billionaires running our country. Trump out 4 Trump.
He should fire Mueller,  he hired Hilary donars , Mueller should recuse himself now and end this Witch hunt , because that's all this is
You and your loser dems , made this fake russia crap , for losing election , maybe you lost because people don't like anything you stand for
How quickly trump  turns on  his supporters!
Chuck Schumer is trying to warn the @SenateGOP ( @GOP @HouseGOP ) to save themselves let's see if they'll listen.
You need to insult them, not Democrats
Hey chuck, i have 2 words for your "New Democrat party" = Anti American , i know your desperate for a job, but this is shameful
What does he mean by "I'll have your back?" Do you all have something to hide? Try working together on HC instead of behind closed doors.
I actually talk to voters... Trust this many, enough to carry the 2016 election were all about news from Russian sources.
More tissues for Chucky 
One word......OBSTRUCTIONISTS !!!!!!!!!!!
To AMERICA AND PATRIOTS of the CONSTITUTION when @SCHUMER AND DEMS. says " We have your back on H/C and IMMIGRATION.........
Trump has no one's back except his own.
http://2.You  & crooked Bernie should go away bc we are tired of UR constant destruction of the Democratic Party.
http://1.You  are a disgrace & if you can't lead which is obvious, move out of the way & please quit your HRC bashing.
Have u always been this ignorant??
Schumer, "cataclysm"??  Have this Witch Hunt turn into an impeachment of Donald Trump. Then you will see the TRUE meaning of cataclysm. MAGA
And you know it ! Which even makes it  worse!!!
You and your ilk screwed American people with Obamacare!!
Oh .. one more thing.  Get your teeth fixed.  Tired of hearing that little whistly thing you do.  Obama did it too.  Very annoying.
Do you even know what America wants??
Then YOU and all the other swamp creatures will be gone!!!  Yay!
Can't wait for term limits.
Here's the deal. Repeal Obamacare or we campaign against you and vote you out in 2018, Chuckles.
Schumer, two words for you.... be bi-partisan
That's not 2 words Chuck, that's a persons name Cuck.
Hey chuckie shut it
THE same can be said of schumer stabbing Hillary in the back
Unity unity unity the cry of the communist mockingbird
He lies w such ease . A psychopath like Hillary

WHAT?! Forgot your meds today?
Now blackmail
Blackmail now oh my goodness have you no morals. No planned parenthood we refuse to pay
U have no platform!
A few words for you, Senator: Ignore the Dem base at your own peril. You still need votes to hold your seat.

You should have the backs of all Hillary supporters as they are degraded and smacked down by the BernieBros. Don't dismiss your base.
Two words for @SenateDems when @realDonaldTrump says you all don't have a message or plan. HE'S RIGHT!
News from the Hamptons: Schumer overheard telling Jared & Ivanka "I'll have your back" at summer fling 4 the wealthy.
Hello
Never have run for office. That way they can be seen as unbiased in regards to health care.
...Just for health care. Instead of politicians put a group of health professionals in charge of running it. The health professionals should
My conservative friends worry that single payer will be an entitlement program even if it benefits them. So, charge a 1% VAT Tax set aside..
Spoke to a 21 yr vet who did NOT vote for Trump. Seeing results he now says he will nextime. Exactly what Dems fear the most. Results.
Healthy workers are more productive and need less sick days. That should make business happy. Economy does better
Single payer would save us money because we wouldn't need medicare or medicaid and a lot of the VA services would be unneeded
Norway pays only 8% of their GDP on Healthcare. We pay twice that much and get far less bang for our buck.
Once again you have no message of your own
A great many of us women support you, so please stop the bashing Hillary rhetoric. It perpetuates the negative Republicans
BENGHAZI  a RAIDS a OBSCENE SPENDING SANDY HOOK OF POWER KEYSTONE a RUSSIA COMMITMENTS RS ABUSES DHS AMMO a VOTER FRAUD
What did you and your Dems do to Jeff Sessions?Used McCarthyite tactics on your former Senate "friend".Pretty disgusting treatment by you.
you Liberal  condone this crap but you want to say President Trump is a Bad person
one word to Schumer start working for the people who voted for you.don't forget you work for them.Take care of this country and people first

#NOSINGLEPAYER!  YOU SCREWED US ONCE, WE WON'T LET YOU DO IT AGAIN
Meanwhile, Chucky says "I'll have your back when you criminalize dissent.". Still running around acting like you're progressive?
like you have Hillary's back, Chuck(les)

"The New Deal" 
1. Infrastructure: structural/cyber
2. Create non exportable jobs
3. Healthcare as a right
4. Label GOP "Do nothing party"
Please keep up the fight, but don't get stuck on single payer. That can't happen with Republicans in control. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/chuck-schumer-single-payer_us_5974b05be4b00e4363e0164e?ncid=tweetlnkushpmg00000016&section=politics …
Try for a bipartisan plan to shore up the ACA, get more Democrats elected, then move toward single payer.
How can a President pardon himself? Is a President above the law? This is absurd!! He and his family are guilty as hell. Frauds!
Things I don't understand.
Why are so many R's concerned about the approval of a guy with a 36-39% approval &  who LOST the election?
AND SCHUMER WILL BE DRIVING THE BUS TO RUN ANY ONE OVER WHO WANTS TO REPEAL OBAMACARE THE WORST HEALTHCARE SYSTEM IN THE WORLD SICKO
A message from Kid Rock.
Don't let .@SenSchumer fool you He is one of the biggest liars in Congress & has a track record of hiding info from the American People
OC will make it so our children will pay the price but their children will have absolutely nothing to live on It has to be replaced ASAP
Don't let .@SenSchumer fool you Just like he withheld the info that.@POTUS was not under investigation He is withholding the numbers
If we keep OC 98% of Americans will never see retirement & will have to find. Company who will hire. 75 yr old woman or man
.@SenSchumer is intentionally withholding these numbers from the American people All to get votes The price for OC will affect our economy
In some cases where parents who have to take care of their children will have to take care of them till they die
No American will be able to retire which will make Congress continue to raise the age of retirement What will happen then?
.@SenSchumer is misrepresenting the numbers of individuals who will loose their coverage Those are drop outs Yet they sell propaganda
.@SenSchumer is very aware of these numbers as Soros pays protesters to push Rep not to pass a change
The number of homelessness will rise at a rate of 15% by 2021 & the number will continue 5% each & every year we allow OC to stay in place
There is nothing for free With premiums climbing No American will be able to retire & if their spouse is hurt your screwed
Unless Americans change OC there will be 98 or the 99% who will work until they die & that's just to get by Dem just want your votes
Nothing is free obamacare will collapse SS & you will have to work till you die If not you will be homeless & unable to buy food
Under obamacare our children & their children will have to work till they are 80 old Who is going to hire someone at 75?
Under obamacare Social Security will be unsustainable & collapse due to Americans not being able to save & will have no choice but to work
Under obamacare Americans will not be able to save for their retirement Americans will have to work till they are 75 or longer
Must see, Truth of the Repeal! Denying drugs for the sick, that are Suited For the patient!
Wow, have you seen this!
.@CLewandowski_: "What we have right now is a story about nothing." #SundayFutures @MariaBartiromo 
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION MR.SCHUMER

REMEMBER "IF YOU LIKE YOUR DR. YOU CAN KEEP YOUR DR?" 
TWO WORDS MR.SCHUMER...
BARACK OBAMA!!
@SenSchumer Actually I think it is time for DEMS to stop this Russia nonsense & work together for the USA not yourselves - WE R AWAKE
FULL REPEAL to "fix"....READ it B4 u pass it! Mid-class can't afford >$1.2K/month policies! #MAGA


When you see how it works with Medicare, Medicaid and VA, why on earth would anyone in their right mind want govt to administer the nation's
Wow stealing the slogan from paps johns how creative
Watch out Chuckie your Russian lie is going to die when Trump never helps Russia history will say the Dems are in blind hatred it looks bad
Imagine this: Dems show Reps how to fix health care/become the saviors/show voters  who really care about them /win more seats in 2018 Elxn.
Two words for you chuckle," crocidile tears " should be the dems new motto.
https://youtu.be/qBX4YCBVSM4 

Political proselytizing by POTUS at U.S.S. G. Ford event is unseemly. Is there a way to limit such disrespect? @SenJeffMerkley @SenRonWyden
Chuck you hekp create a mess & now you want yhe GOP to fix it. FU Dems owns this mess. We were all fine b4 Obamacare you liberal fools.
So TRUE, trust TRUMP at all for anything at your own peril!!
...a winning strategy! lol. U forget. We aren't ur zombie base. We fight back with facts and votes. It's why Trump won! We don't have to...
Gotta love the hate mongers here! It's no wonder you lost. You have no soul!
lech tiz-day-en!
Chuck schumer before coming to the Senate
He meant their "nuts".
Trump is playing chess, your learning checkers!!! No tears Chuck
