Statement from BPC's Future of Health Care policy experts in response to the current #healthcare debate. http://bpcdc.org/2hmM2H2 
That is a great idea. However it is a DEMOCRATIC great idea, so there is no chance Republicans will go along with it.
Last time  Had 13 So Called Men Hiding in a BASEMENT Deciding th Fate of Millions @SenBillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC R Doing th Same #Inhumane
There's MOLD in that-thar basement!
Lots of MOLD
With the type of cancer McCain has he should not be making decision let alone vote. I have the medical knowledge to know this
It's PAST time!  You Yahoo!'s have played around long enough. Free market, freedom of choice, no mandates, no single payer. Govt out of HC!
...agrees with anything.  YOU cut out the partisan bs, and SOME democrats will vote for it, and then it will automatically be bipartisan.
Get rid of what we have; improve on it when the current assholes in Congress get out.  Bipartisanship means YOU...whenever EVERY single...
Why aren't you and Nancy pressuring Bernie to cancel Monday's debate. He's NOT a DEM and this week is NOT the time to debate single payer!
Why the hell not?
Wouldn't actual bipartisan efforts be fantastic? If that happens maybe just maybe we can begin a national healing.
Here's what the #GrahamCassidyBill will cost each state and its devastating This is simply GOP legalized mass murder 
We all know CBO numbers are always correct right? They were WAY off on obamacare.
Are you willing to take responsibility for everyone that dies because of the new trumpcare bill? I can make that happen
How are you going to blame a bill killing people? Whos responsible for people killed with cars, heroin, knives, guns etc?
HC mandate injured families, jobs & emboldened insurance companies. Congress passed law/tax $ pay their premiums! Call ur Senator/TAX REFORM
How exactly did mandated insurance harm families and jobs?
    Weakened mandates destroyed risk balance and resulted in premium increases.
...asshole in an opposing party vote against something, that party is not honoring the bipartisan concept.  No way EVERYONE in ANY party...
Can't you see what republicans want? Are you you that thick? MEDICARE FOR ALL OR YOU LOSE YOUR SEAT!
Nowww your interested in bipartisanship, but only if we keep socialism!
If you hate it, it must be good for working Americans.
Liar
You... chuck? Work together? Lmao! You can't even do your job as it is. #obstructionist
You don't want to work on a plan you only want to save Obamacare we don't want the government give it to the States
YOU ARE A JOKE, DO YOU THINK AMERICANS ARE THAT STUPID TO BELIEVE THAT YOU WOULD POST ANYTHING THAT YOU MADE SURE WOULD SUPPORT YOUR VIEWS?
Chuck has made any proposals other then bitching and criticizing
How is it adorable when you work two part time jobs minimum wage and you got to come up with $$$ to pay a fee for not having healthcare
Why now chuck, because your god send of a law Obamacare has failed miserably, now it's time for a bipartisan plan. You own this crap chuck
That's fine come up with a plan, the fact that you haven't tells me your not serious until you do y should we care what u say #MAGA
You had 8 years what's your rush now  blah blah blah same old bs old Chuckie boy
Senator, It's good to hear the talk about bipartisanship. Will it actually happen? Premiums are only increasing as it is
Collusion with you commies ?
Agreed! Senator  Heller's office representative was not helpful,  when  I told him the senator should follow the example of senator McCain.
The fellow who I was talking to over the phone,  said senator McCain was not his hero.  Not sure if Heller will get my message.
And you're just now realizing this!!! Do u think u should have been working together a long time ago! Oh wait we pay u for doing nothing.
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled to long in office again we need democratic metal health care of McCain
Please GOP'ers work with dem Dems to repair NOT kill. Bless you. 
Now you want to work in unison when you have a chance to do so for so long. Election time coming up huh. Afraid you'll be voted out & U will
#ReformACA
Let Obamacare fail, no more funding this horrible bill, then start over, this has been a waste of taxes.
Let's pass the bill that would be a great start. Each state could keep their Obamacare if they want it. Stop all the false statements.
You had 7 yrs to fix ASAP and didn't, now you want to save your butt by asking across the Isle. Repeal and replace ADA today.
I've always liked you, Chuck. You should run for Prez in 2020!

You are full of it, democrats are the ones that have said they will not work with republicans on anything!!!
Might work if u didn't demand everything ur way.
You created this mess. You own it.
Do @SenSchumer  know how to work without cameras?
Please stop @SenSanders from debating on CNN with Graham-Cassidy. Save ACA first, not the time to debate...later! Don't fall for the R bait
Let's drop, Atheist, Communist, Jews, and work to cause normal, God-fearing, Jews how to recognize the evil among them!
It would be peachy if you really meant that.
I don't think any of you career politicians are really interested in anything but polit-party.
All you had to do was repeal Barry's care and you could have started on a fix and get healthcare out of D.C. Politics
You have had years to do it so blow it out your ear
You should be paid when you actually work to help the american people NOT when all you do is sit on your hands!! #MAGA
Bipartisanship is a political tactic, NOT a policy framework.
WORK that a word I'm sure you don't understand. YOU GET NOTHING DONE!!!!
Let's just say Hello no loser obama care is done watch how the American ppl fume with high premiums and you will be out of a job like Pelosi
One party wants to subsidize extractive industry but not healthcare.
What's the advantage of bipartisanship is when one party wants to eliminate decades of progress out of pure spite?
Let's drop the dems and reps that had years to fix it so we can vote new people in to get it fixed, sounds better at this point.
What have you done Chuck? Nothing!
You had a chance to provide quality, affordable care & blew it. Dems shouldn't be waiting for GOP to drop repeal. ACA doesn't work. Let go.
lol chuckles your a funny man ...pretentious but funny ..let's work for the American people .. good one chuckles
You don't even know what bipartisan means dems have never done it entitlement is all you know quit lying and you say how to fix your plan
Doing it your way is not bi-partisan Senator. You've taken no steps toward a compromise on any issue since November.
You don't want bipartisan participation. You want it your way or no way. Stop with the stupid rhetoric.
So chuck you agree to sign your family up for Obummer care
Nice try - too late.
U r most partisan! Obamacare was nothing but lies from Dems! U r not to be trusted! U lied to pass it! Told all it wld b inexpensive!
Take your illegals off healthcare and maybe someone might want to work with you.
You won't work on anything unless it hurts President Trump!
How about not forcing people to buy something they don't want, and forcing congress to use the exact same insurance as the people
Who is your health care provider, Chuck.
Chuck your incapable of compromise so there's no reason for republicans to confer with you on anything. Keep  resisting its all your good at
aka: you want republicans to submit to democratic party whims
You had your chance with Obamacare and you blew that
The way you guys worked together to cram obama care down our throats!!
Senator, respectfully, tweeting is not enough. Start cornering your GOP colleagues and getting them to come out as NO votes. 1/
2/ we are doing our jobs putting pressure on them from out here, you are on the inside. Get four or five to do a joint release saying no
3/... then none of them was "the" deciding vote. You need to give them cover to do what they know is right. Start with @lisamurkowski ...
4/ because her "deal" is nothing she won't get if the bill fails!
Where have you been last 8 months???
You first vote to repeal Obamacare
Democrats in total fail mode.The party of no action , writing books while Health Care & Immigration go unattended as they seek a can to kik
U want free health care, no caps, govt controlled
Schumer is not willing to work period. He just throws up roadblocks to hurt the American people. Don't understand why democrats can't see it
BTW what do u & dems know about HC u gave us the worst insurance plan known to mankind so what makes u smarter now u don't read laws
U never gave GOP a chance on obama care now it's bipartisanship after obama care implodes hypocrite
That's why Patty Murray needs to be debating healthcare w Senator Klobuchar on Monday on CNN. Don't get played
You should have stated this when Obamacare was shoved down our throats. Too late for you.
Chuck even you don't want to fix Obamacare you want Single Payer now
Those who favor one payer/medicare for all please do your research. It is not all what it seems.
You turn on Hillary, help press charges on her and intel rats and I'll vote Democrat
There's your "Better Deal"

Chuck.. we know that means your way.. you people can't get shit done and you know it... your stalling
Support this plan towards predictive medicine saving taxpayers trillions.  Screw the health insurance companies!
Be great if they could get past dismantling Obama care and just adapt it, make it better. The gotta erase Obama is ridiculous...racist?
You knew this was coming after the loss at election
You have had seven years.
What happened to the BIGLY DEAL W/T-rump during your candlelight dinner w/@NancyPelosi? GET IT DONE! This is some bullshit!
It's difficult to understand your message when you make disparaging remarks @potus. Time to grow up.
Well said @SenSchumer. Health care for ALL is a necessity & not a gamble/aka @GrahamCasiddy. Bipartisanship 
WADE DARIUS For Congress
As opposed to 2008, 2009, & 2010 when "Bipartisanship" was shuttled for Tyranny.... too funny 
Bernies bill would throw 100M Americans off their employer provided health care and cost taxpayers an estimated 32 trillion over a decade!!!
The Koch threat 2 withhold money is an outright bribe to GIVE money to GOP's to do something specific they want. There ought 2 b a law!
that is what @SenAlexander and @SenMurray were doing before McConnell pulled the plug! Shame on Him!!
Hold the floor, block the vote!!We cannot afford this to happen. We need our health care. talk 2 .@SenSanders he's playing into their hands.
So sick of your government handouts coming out of the working man's pocket. You pay for it all Schumer.
Lol.  It’s time for bipartisanship get to work freakin do something for a change for American citizens and cut the crap on all other BS
From the Democrats? You gave us that crap of Obamacare. NO THANKS losers
YOU DONT CARE ABOUT THE MIDDLE CLASS FUCKFACE
Why now? You wouldn't before.
that's like offering to stop putting out burning buildings and work together with the arsonist.
U fail to see AGENDA VOTED is good! Husband & I 50yrs/earn $14hr/Voted 4 top 1% TAXCUT 2 unleash OUR economy! FORCING NO VOTE?? Not cool 4US
It is not red or blue, its over due! we need secure borders that this wont continue. sanctuary only enables living in darkness! REFORM LAWS!
This is such an important time in OUR country. Valley of Decision. Party first? Opportunity with this AGENDA! Too many yrs of Lobbyist 2 fix
WE JUST WANT to roll back mandates at THIS TIME. health care is not same as coverage, welfare or prescription costs. govt is bloated. AGENDA
You didn't give a shit about fixing it over the last 8 years. Get out of the way and stop obstructing.
How about we go after getting rid of the Donnie dotard

Our country suffers from hateful and daily divisive rhetoric. Our two parties sadly lead this march! Call your senator, Pass tax reform now!
Good idea.  I'll take the plan Congressmen have.
ONLY @SenSanders' #MedicareForAll!!!
the mandates created an unnecessary need for coverage that in reality is not coverage. mate had surgery; deductible will take me 18mo 2 pay!
That's how it should work but they're more interested in their own politics then doing what's right
No!! Because u will not compromise on repealing OCare! It has destroyed healthcare for the middle class!
This should have been done right after u started ACA w/problems. U should ALL be firedDo your jobs NOW ppl suffer while Cngrs plays
#NoGrahamCassidy

JUST OUT: Brookings releases estimate that 32 million lose coverage. From @MattAFiedler & @LorenAdler 

https://www.brookings.edu/research/how-will-the-graham-cassidy-proposal-affect-the-number-of-people-with-health-insurance-coverage/ … 
Sorry to say they do not want to work together. They want to ram shit HC through at all costs & they will do it this time.
I'm going to go insane if someone doesn't answer this they're getting a payout to pass this how can they get by
Where was the bipartisan under O care.... U all rammed it through with no  repub vote ... Back room deals
Schemers worried it may pass
HowR they allowed2 take a deal to take our healthcare to get a payout please someone answer this question for me
Just like you did with Obamacare Chuckie!!!
@SenSchumer @BPC_Bipartisan where have you been the past 8 yrs. now you don’t want to be a #obstructionist
"Years from now, when your child is denied a liver transplant bc of transplant diversity goals, you'll be sorry you allowed single-payer"
It will be your granchild, because Democrat globalists don't want you to notice that you are replaceable and expendable in their agenda.
They weren't interested in working together from 2009 - 2017.  They only want their way!   Washington = The rich get richer!
Chuck you made ur bed now lie in it.  You had no desire to work with Republicans so to quote Obama to McCain, "go sit down".....SI SE PUEDE!
Please inform @SenSanders & @DNC "unity" group #SaveACA  #NoGrahamCassidy !
I am from New York. Taxpayers do not believe Schumer. NYS HOME OWNERS PAY THE HIGHEST TAXES IN THE USA. 10 TO 15 TIMES MORE THAN RED STATES.
I expect you to do everything even beyond polite norms to protect the lives of millions of Americans
These monsters need to be voted out.
Yes they definitely do.
You had lots of opportunity to fix! Maybe you should have read before you passed it? get out of it and let the free market fix it. No daca
"I'm not getting what I want, so let's all work together..."  Sure, Chuck.
They are paid to work together, wise ass, it's called government.
"....it's time for bipartisanship on health care." 
Just like you lying Democrat a$$holes did on ObamaCare?

OBAMACARE IS FAILING. INS COMP R DROPPING OUT. A SINGLE PAYER HC PLAN WILL ALSO CAUSE THOUSANDS OF INS COMP EMPLOYEES TO LOSE JOBS. WAKE UP!
Where was Bipartisanship when the Dems slammed ObamaCare into law?  Now you want/cry for it now! Please! Dems made this mess by going alone.
Tell me again how Obamacare was bi-partisan Chuckie
We had hearings for a year and the GOP made several ammendment to ACA, mikey
ugh it's so meh chuck. support single payer
@USTermLimits needed to #DraintheSwamp.
Americans come together when they must. Why can't Senator's?  If you can't all work together for all Americans we will replace you asap.
Your failure to work w/ Republicans on O-Care...Ever think if you worked to put a Bi-partisan bill back, then there would be no need to fix?
Just because they have bipartisan in their name doesn't mean a thing! Liberal run and controlled! Just like democRATs hate DEMOCRACY!
A DEMOCRATIC SINGLE PAYER HC  PLAN. 180 MILLION PEOPLE WILL LOSE THEIR JOB PROVIDED PRIVATE HC PLAN. WAKE UP AMERICA BEFORE U R ON MEDCAID!!
Hey schumer, why did liberals shut down gop when it came to aca? NOW you want to work together?
Let's get Government out of the health care business. It's Not Governments role.
Call them out on it. Expose their duplicity and repugnancy. It is a dark, dark time for the US.  I'm sad and scared.
Please? @BenSasse @SenatorFischer
I agree
You had no desire to work together when you jammed obama care down our neck.
Let's hope for wicked GOP diarrhea on the day of the vote so they can't stay for a vote.
Agree. But Senator let's drop the Bernie single payer side show also. Save, strengthen, and expand the ACA first. Please take charge now.
AGREED
I don't understand why this is even a question. ALL of you represent ALL OF US. If it is solved equally, it won't come up again.
Thank you Senator for being a voice of reason.
Koch's won't let them. When a few powerful individuals control the country, you no longer have #democracy.
Yes.  We need to try to get along on something, anything.  This is tearing our country apart.
Yes I do agree with you.
not going to happen - of the party, by the party, for the party. Citizens be damned.
No @SenSchumer @DNC owns

 Obama care

U won for 30million lost coverage for 300'million

You own it fix it
#woefullyuninformed
Full repeal would be smart
It was time for bipartisanship 8 years ago, but it never happened.  Democrats created this mess.  They own whatever it becomes.
GET IT DONE CHUCK GO TO WORK EARN YOUR PAY CHECK
Just a question why not say this 8 years ago
It won't work as long as the Koch brothers are paying off the Republicans to the tune of $400 mil. That's a lot of money. Money talks. 
Russians, Koch brothers, white supremists, old white men, racists, bigots, homophobes. When leftists want to explain why their agenda fails.
George Soros funds Dems.
Nope you can work on changes next year we are getting mandate cancelled this year
#dobetter @vp #killthebill #protectourcare #grahamcassidyNO @senategop @housegop @SenTedCruz @JudgeCarter @JohnCornyn #bipartisanhealthcare
I agree @SenSchumer let us completely repeal all government involvement in healthcare and let the #FreeMarket reduce costs
Great idea
Time for single payer!
Oh now you want bipartisanship! Not passing a bill in Christmas Eve without reading it and bribing fellows Dem senators. DISINGENUOUS!

 NOT
KOCH BROS BRIBE GOP-400M to cut ACA for tax cuts
https://amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/26/koch-network-piggy-banks-closed-republicans-healthcare-tax-reform …

They don't even care enough to lie to us
http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/politics/amp12437539/republicans-healthcare-suffer/ …
KEEP CALLING
CALL LOCAL OFFICES.
Or 1 in 10 people will lose healthcare. Who do you know?
You know this how? Liberals telling you what to say and think.
