Presiding Officer: The Secretary of the Senate's office confirms 25 of 26 noms were confirmed in one or another of the manners so described.
and none of them had cry baby sore loser dems who lost the last several elections outside the presidency until this year obstrutioning
Hilarious that u call dems obstructionists, or whatever u called them.Repugs refused 2 do their jobs for past 8 yrs bc of a man's skin color
wow u been hiding in your parents basement the gop kept bringing up bills to help americans and harry reid blocked them for politcal reasons
What bills are you referring to?
That's what I'm asking you
No, sorry, not you,  him --->@gpbfl
Is that whov you're question is referring to as well? This new Twitter reply is crap
*who your
People voted last November for conservative justices.
3 million voted against it!
3+ million more voted against it
Have to win in the system or change the system. I don't make the rules. Work towards amending the constitution
Or just make true statements
Not saying anything about the truth of your statement. It just doesn't matter. Not how it works.
I know how it works. Your statement was false. Period
The people did not vote for conservative justices. The electoral college did. No SCOTUS should be chosen by 300 people
@SenSchumer Below is the number of seats you lost in 8 years. We will increase it in 2018, believe that.
You don't have the numbers. You'll see
That was what you told us before Hillary lost. @DSenFloor @SenSchumer
Hillary didn't lose honey, we all did. She's lucky not to be part of this disaster
Flashback 2007: Watch Schumer Say Democrats Won’t Confirm Any More Bush Nominees.Well, well Shumer is a hypocrit .http://www.dailywire.com/news/3385/flashback-2007-watch-schumer-say-democrats-wont-aaron-bandler …
Doesn't matter, GOP's turn to show you where to stick it, you are a child, doing childish things as a so-called senator.
How many nominees were refused a hearing?
How many justices were murdered by DEMS? @DSenFloor @SenSchumer Scalia on the right, #Gorsuch on left
The party of the crazy conspiracies has spoken
They are using constitutional option because you obstruct everything, hilary lost, you and Nancy next!
I DON'T CARE about Obama, Thank God Trump is President, liberals still throwing fits over Hilary, demo craps are clueless!
And how many were filibustered based on purely party politics?!
Judge Gorsuch is in HARDY HA!!
Why limit it to SCOTUS? OH! Because that's all you can apply it to! Forget the nominations you used it on for OBAMA's dictatorship! LIAR!
Sorry @SenSchumer, tell your puppeteers that we have missed Scalia enough. #NuclearOption NOW
All of you should be ashamed of your actions & really should realize that consquences will come your way for your bad acts for many things.
How Many were Fillabuster?
"advice and consent" should never require a super-majority...
Hey Chuck, why don't you be straight & honest with the voters? Afraid of the truth & facts? You're embarrassing your entire PARTY!

then you and your cohorts should have confirmed him, he is qualified, you're just still mad about garland, you have no one to blame but you
How many have EVER been filibustered, Chuck?!?  Rest solely on YOU. It is sad you have gone so far Left you can't see middle.
Harry (the weasel) Reid used the nuclear option, payback kinda hurts doesn't Schumer, finally GOP can stick it.
Why did one Dem make this bill and now you cry because you aren't getting your way! Grow up and aretire. Enough!
@SenSchumer I don't know...how many times was the Senate filled with toddlers who thought the bench was to legislate?

Not until little cry baby Schumer could not bring himself to vote for one of the most qualified nominees ever for the Supreme Court.
How many were filibuster...stop play politics with Americans do your job
Kennedy is rumored to be retiring in the summer, ginsburg is old
Truely need to Drain The Swamp more apparent Now Than Ever!!!
The democrats are an ignorant group of people that has destroyed our nation and many people are not willing to look at them and admit it!
Someone break out the shovels.
You keep looking back at the PAST. America is in 2017, BTW THAT IS NOW, THE FUTURE #MAGA
Say goodbye to your liberal courts Shmucky!!
Thank you Democrats and Harry Reid
How many were filibustered? ZERO!
@ShanteleVision we are heading down a deadly path. The SCOTUS is too great of a position not to have 60 votes
@SenSchumer @DSenFloor well thanks to your obstruction there will be one
THAT  is why it's called MINORITY!  Chuck...you lost..and YOU and Reid will do down as the 2 men who destroyed the US Senate! Nice work!
Who the hell cares? Only Chucky boy as he sheds his fake tears
Look what you've done now.  A 1:1 exchange and you had to do it.  Shame on you.

Chucky your nuts
Chucky you are divided are country you are all about your sell not what's bed for our country. He and the rest of dems should not be elected
Plagiarism..but the word choice here is really something the microscope should focus on.  "Mongolism".   It's the term the Nazi's used.
Action T4 in Nazi Germany made public policy of a program of systematic involuntary euthanization of downs syndrome children.
The nazi's said these children suffered...from Neil Gorsuch's...odd choice of words "mongolism"
Why would such a deliberative and good natured man include that horrible term in a book...about assisted...suicide?
These children..were sent to the gas chamber..with that label.
"mongolism"....I couldn't believe it when I saw the plagiarism article.  That word..just dangling there for all to see
mongolism...or the t4 articles that sent downs syndrome children to the gas chamber..makes it into a book about assisted suicide?
https://www.ushmm.org/outreach/en/article.php?ModuleId=10007683 …
Why 1954?
We never needed a SUPER MAJORITY before, quit whining and messing #America up! Do your JOB! He got 55 Votes, that's a MAJORITY! #MAGA #USA
You voted for him before?
Disgusted by democrats behavior toward confirming Gorsuch, despicable behavior.
@SenSchumer at this point your opinion is worthless.  Would you like Harry Reid's phone number to air your displeasure?
Going back to 1789 how many comparisons can we make of the current vs previous??
This is unacceptable the Republicans politicians are abviously about party and NOT THE American people. The members of the GOP REALLY SUCK
Watching vote in amazement How many $millions are spent on this collection of clowns? #draintheswamp #termlimits #SchumerMakesAmericaSick
Thank a Democrat!!!
Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.
These are your rules we play by, Schumer. We're fed up with your obstructionism.
#NuclearOption
#ConfirmGorsuch
Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.
