Keep the men out of the bathrooms with little girls.
Transgender women are women. Transgender men are men. Stop scapegoating them so you can ignore actual sources of sexual violence. Stop it.
If it has a Weiner it's a man. Say it's not. If there wasn't a case because of some sicko doing something I'd have no reason 4 posting.
Your argument is that by making transgender people uncomfortable you will stop a rapist from entering a women's room? Because "theres rules"
What do you tell the father of an attacked 6 year old girl by a confused gender man?
These is so much fucking bullshit in that single question I cannot unpack it all
The problem is you deny that any assult has ever taken place. You have no idea. Nor the danger we are putting our children into.
How sad. I love all people but God and His Holy Word calls this wrong. God sees too and he does not celebrate this day or movement.
I dont remember a whole lot of talk regarding gender identity in the bible
In Genesis 5:2. "Male and female created he them; and blessed them, and called their name Adam, in the day when they were created." KJV
YOU decided even though multiple biological permutations EXIST (if all is created by god then they were too) you know better than his intent
? That is not what I wrote...as that is not what the Holy, infallible, inerrant Word of God states. And the Word of God is true & stands
Not deny his creation to fit your personal prejudices
Not my preferences. It is in the Word of God throughout the Scriptures...old and new testament. God said it. I believe it.
Less then 1% of the population you celebrate. What about the rest of the 99% did you forget about us? I think you did. Putz!
You. Are. Bonkers.
No, just feeling left out. What about a celebration for human life?
Dont we get that all the time? Why is one day of visibility for a marginalized group a bad thing?
I never said it was bad thing. Your words. I just say celebrate life.
You called him a putz for recognizing a day of transgender visibility. I guess I may have misread your intent, but it came off pretty cold
It is rainy and cold here today and he is a Putz. . He's been in office way too long with little to show.
GOD sees all of you .....HE made a man , HE made a woman...HE MADE NOTHING IN BETWEEN......THAT WAS SATAN'S WORK !
Dear God!All this craziness and corruption. Pathetic and sad...
Indivisible...with justice for all
What a panderer you are. Jump right on the bandwagon.  God forbid you should have real values of your own.
u celebrate transgender day & support Sharia Law? R U bipolar or pretending 2 like them 4 votes while allowing a system that will kill them?
your little transgender speech aint going to help democrats 1 bit.
UGH!
There are two genders. Period
deviant
are you serious?
He is. And trans species day is Monday
what is trams species day?
Well, I identify as a goat. So I'm trans species.   And I want a day too
I identify as a rich person so I want more money in my bank account. NOW
you are living proof that a tranny can make it Big! Thank you chucky!!
So he's pandering for 2678 votes
You wearing you rainbow colored shorts today Chuckie Boy?
Schumer, you should retire!  The number of brain cells in your head have diminished greatly!
Ifs that's true. Then I support him
How could they have just remove the LGBTQ Community from the census?
Because it isn't a community. It is just a bunch of seriously screwed up people who need help!
Don't make fun of the BLT community
BLT? Is that new term for confused and creepy?
Your a traitor to the American people.
Come out chuck we all know you are really a woman
thank you.
please resign now and then I will be happy to see you gone
anything for votes chuck. Why does everyone/everything need a day?  To each their own DAMN SURE YOU ARE USING FOR POLITICAL GAIN
Why don't you "cry" ppl not stupid, just because you "act/say" does not mean you give a crap!  Get out of office
Now let's see you support #Christians
More pandering to .06 of 1 percent of population?
How about us lower class white folk.  Do you ever celebrate us?
Thank you Senator Schumer. #translivesmatter
Chuck you hypocrite. You are tolerant to all makes and models of humans, yet at dinner you scream and yell at a trump supporter. Oops Russia
Did u just make that up
u don't speak for me
Really?Who gets to make up these days?I for one do not celebrate this.
liar,trolling for viote.If u care for transgender will u b against d President agenda to keep us safe knowing radical islam hate transgender
You mean mental health day?????
Got a mouse in your pocket?  You use this we shit like people support the crap that comes out your mouth...WE DON'T!!!
And that's the Democratic Party hey except us on our terms we don't except you yeah that's tolerance
Very forceful very determined to make you tolerate them were basically you except them but they don't except you
And no we were not homophobic, but we were being forced to except a lifestyle
My brother died from AIDS, the whole lifestyle in version of our family when I was young was so stressful
In less than 10% of the population or transgender I'm celebrating family day traditional family day
Transgender folks r messed up in their head. A hoax
What are you doing where your strap-on why don't you stay in for Americans not just one tiny group
As if Chuckie really gives. $hit about them!
Thank you.
I hope the 0.3 percent of the population has a great day. The rest of us will be out working to pay our high healthcare premiums.
and we love you for it, Senator, trans and allies all.
Chuck is trans douschebag.
Boooooooooooo
Schumer likes 2 pretend he is a real human!
You are a demented individual, Chucky. Transgender Day celebration?  Really???
Also known as serious psychological disorder day.
Thank you, sir! #transguy
#WhatTransLooks2 http://huffpost.com/us/entry/us_55a8e027e4b0896514d0f9cd …
I'm a Republican and I celebrate your Freedom to be who you are!  God loves us all!
So sad you celebrate when people suffer from mental illness
Chuck you would pander to a possum if he could vote for you.
Leave it to Schumer to prioritize 1/10000 of 1 percent in America, as usual. Way to use your time wisely, fool.
@PalmerReport An all inclusive, equal society is worth fighting for.
I now feel I am a woman, can I have one of those woman only business loans now please?
Thank you for honoring them
Say anything Chuckie for a vote!!
Please don't cry Chuckie.
To be seen as an individual, a beautiful human being, the goal, to be loved.
Bravo, Senator Schumer! Thank you for standing up for all Americans & for your example of decency, honesty, & patriotism. Bravo!
Don't let Schumer in the bathrooms with little girls.
This is Chuck Schumers kind of a day.
What happened to equality for all? Period.
LGBT is anti-science. Biology 101:  There are only two human sexes. One Man + One Woman → Chlld = Family. #MAGA! #WakeUpAmerica
Take your confused genders and make sure it is clear they use the bathrooms of their biology. Stop the insane perversion of our society.
Oh brother, is it April Fool's day a day early?
@MrSpock2017 Had'nt s CLUE! WHY Doesn't Anybody TELL ME THESE Things?!?!??? I am Gratified in a way I've Never Experienced. TYSM
What about Native day.  Transgender back in closet.  God first
Thank @SenSchumer you are an amazing man.
Both sides know our election was hacked how are we gonna restore American belief in voting if nothing comes of this event. why vote?
If everyone believes Russia China a crazy right wing nut job can just pick who they want we aren't free we are whatever those groups say.
I celebrate Gorsuch!
@realDonaldTrump believes these people aren't part of America. Please remind him they're Americans, too. #TDOV #LGBT
https://www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/521229/ …
y'all just make sh*t up as y'all go along. Trump never said/implied that.
Harry Reid, Chuckie Schumer, no difference, they are phonies preying on the blue collar, tax payn, American citizen. Mortgaging the future!
yet you can give a hoot about the people of your state. When will be stop taxing the middle day?
You rock, Senator Schumer!
Baboon!
We celebrate you? We do? How about we just don't discriminate. I know your a SUPER LIB! But seriously dude. Celebrate?
Typical liberal. Normalizing imoralaity.
Yes! This! 
There are real issues to focus on. This isn't one.
Working for the votes Mr. Schumer!...Democrats  care only to groups/Republicans care about All Americans!!! #MAGA
What you won't do for a vote Chuck. Group'em up and parade them around like you care about them. Deep down we all know u r just using them.
Exactly
If I can't have a heterosexual day then transfer can't either. Sorry
Are you kidding?
We meaning Schumer will allow your children to be abused in bathrooms. Way to go Chuckie.
Celebration of a confused mental state. Nice...
You tweet more than the @POTUS and say less!
All people matter! Thx Chuck.
LMAO!
Not
Mounting evidence to undermine incoming President Trump admin. which is potential ABUSE OF POWER by Obama officials.
Transgenders are nasty
@jimtom455 Except in NC.U r alone,the politicians don't give a rip about u, and 4next 3 yrs won't let any1 else care either.
I always wondered about u Chuckie
I thought it was Cesar Chavez day?!
I pity those who allow their lives to be perverted. When we become a law unto ourselves and refuse to allow God his rightful place we loose
Give me a fucking break. On the other hand you should use the ladies room crybaby.
Our country has settled this issue "all men are created equal " no further celebration needed . No parades no special bath room
Your day is coming Schumer where you and your corrupt, left and right wing cronies will all go to jail for treason.
The nationalist don't have a problem with them . We have a problem with them getting free stuff and more rights then anyone just because ,,,
Yeah I can understand that ,but the argument is the millions of woman all they want is to do is use the ladies room without a man in there .
you know what if people tell you that you look like a man just tell them next time they look it's not free and your sexywomannomattertheysay
your welcome @Sarah_Dragonfyr
Take the day off Chuckie and reflect on all they have done
Today is political grandstanding day. Yesterday, today, and tomorrow, you will tweet and say anything to get a vote. We see you and we know.
I can't imagine living as a transgender person right now, knowing your government is against your existence. Heartbreaking. We must fix this
could you declare the day after tomorrow national guy who works 3 jobs to pay for all the shit you give to those who don't day?
Demos who celebrate a minority group which suffers from a mental defect or are defying God & society's norms to gain attention are pathetic!
chuckie you are fake and most see right through your tweets as nothing from a nobody
Let's have "Left Handed" day.  There's a group that has been discriminated against. More left handed folks than these.
This is nothing more than pandering to a voter base.
Chuck is such dolt anything to get a vote. You are a joke chuck.

u libs would take mentally challenge people who should be in a facility n use them for political gains.
Need Kleenex? If you were in the mob, your name would be Charlie tears. 
I celebrate Gorsuch!
Have you ever invited a transgender to your home for dinner? Please document the event if you claim it happened. @PressSec @seanhannity
Thanks Senator!
Leave it to @TheDemocrats to celebrate mental illness
DId I say it could be cured?
Not all mental issues can be cured, except through self control. ANd dont presume what I would or wouldnt guess when youre unsure yourself
So, hope ur r TRANSITIONING 2 Charlene??
Sounds interesting. How many dudes pants are you going to be looking down ?
Senator, your evil colors are showing. We See  what your doing.
Get behind Your, Our President Trump. He's trying to do good things for All of Us forgotten people. Confirm the Judge, & stop blocking Trump
Exactly  .... support @potus or its time for you to go Chuck
Yeah baby!
We pledge to protect & support all!
Lol!

Spot on ... biggest ass clown in DC
Si, los hijos de cesar ...
Schumer, you see nothing but your own agenda. You respect No One. We Americans see right through your corrupt ignorance. Wake up
Ohhhh. Did you throw your normal hot headed temper tantrum. Guess we will wait for the utube tape.
Who made this up?
Need a day? Really?
