Cutting Medicaid to the bone is mean. Cutting treatment for opioid abuse is mean. Cutting support for people in nursing homes is mean!
#Trumpcare is so bad @SenateGOP is trying to switch the blame to Obamacare. It’s not true. It won’t work.
.@SenateDems will work on real, bipartisan solutions. But @SenateGOP is on a dangerous path, crafting this bill in secret.
And Obamacare was/is cruel----whatever Pres Trump gets passed will be an improvement!
No ur sister does not have a $13,000 deductible. Under ObamCare that is illegal. Therefore, your entire tweet is not credible
Actually that's not true for employer based insurance.
kids stay on until 26, kids under 18 get dental coverage, 80% of premiums must be used 4 healthcare, no caps on coverage...
But fixing the ACA would drop rates.
Fixing and the GOP needs to stop sabotging it.
Yep. Which is why it needs fixed in first place.

Troll
Obamacare is mean. Working middle class get's catastrophic care while non working gets free care. Go to ERs and see the waste of medicaid!
Troll
Now isn't that sign constructive?
Billionaires already have enough. But the 23 million who will lose healthcare insurance will surely suffer if #AHCA passes.
What 23 million people lost health care under the ACA? #fakenews #trumplies
No Chuckie Obama care was mean. It was mean to me taking money out of my pocket to pay for someone else's benefits. It was mean to them too.
We say NO to #meanhealthcarebill
Lets call it for what it is. #Trumpcare is a tax cut for the richest Americans. Anything else in the plan is an "excuse" to justify it.
He stated he didn't want that so as not to grandstand...lmbo. truth is, he didn't want it to carry his name when it fails.
Absolutely! Labeling AHCA #Trumpcare and continue to compare #45 to President Obama seems to both be sore spots, meaning I will continue.
Chuck, you are my Senator but I can't believe anything you say. You've lied too many times. #liar
Have you read it yet Senator Schumer?
How can he read the AHCA when it's crafted in secret w/ no hearings, and no debate? That's unAmerican
Not what you said when pelosi said we had pass it to see what's In it right?
I would suggest you research that quote since it was taken out of context
Need to pass it to see what's In it away from the fog. That's what she said. We can see the video if you'd like
Let's see what the GOP does! There's is all in secret
Yep pisses you libs off don't it?
I find rather troubling that so-called patriots are okay with secrecy in gov. With laws being made behind closed doors. With no transparency
#dempartyreboot
Just like him
What about the one behind closed doors that even the Republicans know nothing about!?  Is that any better!? I think not.
IT'S MEAN THAT I HAVE NO HEALTH INSURANCE DUE TO OBAMACARE.
Sounds like he was giving you a branch to reach out...of course you really don't give a flip so you just use it against him.
This is, of course, a con job by Trump. He wants to take credit for any slight improvement (or hidden worsening, like Medicaid)
look up the word MEAN in dictionary and you will see your name and all the other Dems who have been trying to railroad our president!
No your hc bill was mean when you took it from others, and gave it to other people for free..and some weren't even Americans.
MEAN is lying to all your sheeplike constituents.  Do you take them all for fools.  Careful.  Some of them may actually be fiscally aware
All i know Schmucky is if you dont like it...I LOVE IT..if you hate it tht means its good for Americans you traitor!!!!
#maga

#RUSSIAFLFUNDS #MOBTIES #BAYROCK #FELEXSTATER #TRUMPIMPEACHMENT: Obstruction, Dereliction of duty, Money Laundering. Trump will go to jail. 
And the Senate version will be equally mean. No doubt.
You keep saying that you haven't seen it?? How can you post this? Pay attention we are onto your victim state of mind!
The130% deductible increase, 120% premium increase, lost our Doctor all a result of ObamaCare was MEAN!! Thanks Schumer & the Dems.
Senate Bill is no better. Harshly penalizes elderly, pre-existing conditions. Rewards wealthy. Elderly can be charged 5x more for premium
You guys want to gain some seats? Abandon HRC's strategy of degrading GOP and start working for your constituents. THAT will impress people!
Hey Chuck, another Democrat loss today in Georgia!!! Maybe you should try working WITH President Trump. Make America Great Again.
If you go after Trump,  go after real criminals also Hillary, and Obama.
Stop all the hatred from Democrats.  Learn to work together. Stop the witch hunt against Trump.
My son and three of my relatives make so little money, they can't get healthcare and have to pay ObamaFines.  That's MEAN.
its not mean when your healthcare went up 50% like obamacare
the ACA was mean to anyone with a job.
I thought you hadn't seen it.  I'm confused
2/2 with Spicer...LOL
May be he meant "mean and lean" and is sending out a cryptic message to his followers and he actually approves. Db ck w/ Spicer...
Democrats need more fighting spirit. Too much laughing. Get serious. Fight FIR with Fire as how the GOP does it. Let us get  serious
The mother of all clowns spoke
MR. SCHUMER - YOU ARE SO MEAN.
Its a tax cut for the rich. No health here...
BS you hypocrite.  Remember Obamacare.  Zero access for GOP.  YOU ARE A LIAR.  SHAME ON DEMOCRAPS PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY. GOP COWARDS.
Here we go again America..let's see what the popularity on this bill will yield...I'm predicting less than 7%...
Which is more than double for Ocare approval....
If you haven't seen it, how can you tear it down with FAKE STATISTICS???
Do those who have had no coverage under Obamacare matter?
Chuckie, taxpayers PAY FOR YOUR HEALTHCARE! OMG hypocrite millionaire
If being written behind closed doors how do you know what is in it. Sounds like somebody is lying.
How do you know what is in it.  Shut up and wait for it.
What have you done to change and help the situation nothing. You should put your  father on Obamacare u like it so.
Trump is mean too so they have a dilemma there
Pls. Chuck Schumer,DON'T TRY TO MAKE EXCUSES FOR TRUMP/REPUBLICANS!GIVE US A BREAKTHERE IS NO BIPARTISANSHIP HERE #UNITY (DON'T) EMBARASS US
MASTER MANIPULATOR CON ARTIST TRUMP CARE PLAN CALLS IT 'MEAN' NOW AFTER BIG PARTY IN ROSE GARDEN TO CELEBRATE THE HOUSE PASS?CAN*45 READ?
First time I believe Trump is telling the truth.
Speaking of that, if it's a secret, and YOU don't know what's in it, that makes your comments even more intellectually vacuous!
This coming from the "you have to pass it to see what's in it folks." smdh
If he believes that he will veto it. If he doesn't veto then we know it's more hot air. Drag advisors through investigation hell. Constantly
I heard this is what he said: the bill that passed in in the lower chamber was “mean” and the Senate bill should be more “generous"
Is it as mean as Obamacare that cost the middle class a fortune while depriving them of their insurance, doctor and hospital of their choice
You must be a member of ISIS. Obamacare is ISIS
Not to long ago all the worthless Republican Representatives celebrated this worthless bill with our clueless President
Maybe in 10 years I'll have enough $$ to cover my deductible so I can go to the doctor. Meantime make sure everyone else gets it for free
It's not mean. It's evil. Black-hearted, sick-minded, moustache-twirling, puppy-drowning evil.
He was wrong. Evil is a better word. Greedy!!!!
my wife 64yrs old.. unaffordable HC act, $1000/mo $7500. deductible, so how is that affordable, get together and fix this, you work for us!
What's the catch Chucky? You actually agree with something? Are you terminally ill or something? I'll pray for you.
Tell us what specific provisions YOU consider mean!
A helluva thing. Meeting Trump's definition of "mean."
It probably IS mean but Trump's ability to articulate such things is pathetic. Somebody needs to give the "president" a thesaurus. 
Trump's way of pretending to win either way. If bill loses, Trump says it's because of him. If it wins, he switches and says it's great.
I can show you 8 yrs of Dems making crap up, and still hard at it.
Mean? I suffered through your CRAP for 8 years!  ENOUGH!
Agree! Obamacare is mean and a big scam on Americans!
You're making your boss sound dumb... well, dumber than usual anyway. Hey, is he shedding tears today? #Backtoworksenator
Since u won't work with anyone and only want your way you get left out by choice!

You are part of the swanp that needs to be drained
#davespolicy2017
Who cares what you think Fake Tears Schumer
Maybe we should have call ObamaCare mean. Higher premiums are mean.
Don't start shedding those #FakeTears
I think he's confusing "mean" with "dangerous".
Just minutes ago you said you haven't read or even seen the bill! Which statement is true?
GOP greed pure and simple
Greed huh? Why then is democrats in Congress not covered by aca? Bc they're greedy
Well, look who wrote it.
Not as mean as Obamacare.
I think @realDonaldTrump meant it as a compliment to the bill....think about it!
If it is "mean" donnie why don't you tell your Senate buddies to make it more fare?  Do you need the tax break?
But didn't 45 celebrate it when the bill initially passed in the House gushing over Paul Ryan's leadership?
How do I know u have not seen it. Your a fool
Why did Chuckie and Pelosi pass bills so they wouldn't have to have Obamacare.  If it is THAT GOOD, why did you avoid it?
No insurance with new health plan because U decided U didn't want is not losing UR plan; it is not being forced 2 buy bcause of gvrnmt force
#WipeYourSchumerAfterYouPelosi  How about you stop sitting on your Schumer and obstructing and work for making America a better place.
Please! My deductible is $3,200. How is that affordable?
Then fix it! Stop obstructing and start working! Offer solutions instead of acting the effeminate angry bitches!
Your mean ...No Your Repulsive! Get over it! President Trump is in this for Two Terms.
@HouseG
Did you read it?

What do u call what ACA did 2 millions of Ppl who didnt want ins. that were forced into it or who couldnt afford care after paying premiums?
#FullRepeal get rid of this democrat catastrophe.
Government, constantly pretending its the solution to problems it created
Actually, Schumer is mean.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QV7dDSgbaQ0 …  This is mean.
Yea but Obamacare is a disaster that people can't afford
Cuck the Schmuck's so fulla , bring on the "MEAN SPIRITED" crocodile tears MAGA
This is not the time to GO HIGH! We have to show them that we can play dirty too! Stop the madness - no to #MEANbill We want #VoteARama
All business needs to stop, that is incentive to get it done quick.  Suspension of the administration+ compromised agent Senators+MOC
Calling it "Mean" is too mild.  It's cruel and inhumane to the elderly, the children, the disabled, and the poor.  unAmerican.
Lol sure ok billions more for pre existing conditions and medicaid expansion. Hmm yep sooooo mean
We now know what @realDonaldTrump was really thinking when we was celebrating Obamacare repeal with @HouseGOP #MAGA he's a fraud!
No more games+distractions, enough we now got Cuba/Russian alliance. The traitors all need to be suspended until investigations done.
Yep Democrats need to be g one you're right about that
Do you think Obamacare is "mean"?
It only took 8 years.
MEAN is what we've had from day 1. Effect of that meanness played out on ball field. 
HOW MANY MORE "CASUALTIES " TO END THIS??
R we adults?
Be carefull Chuck you said you agreed with Trump the left might go nuts and start bashing you and you will have to take it back.
You had 7 years and now you move to fix it. And don't take words out of context to suit you. We see through that
Yah Obamacare is mean.
And Schumer the puppet,is responsible for GOP shootings.He is not a contributing leader but a hate spewer Gets nothing done for his voters

#LICTRUMP: Less Insurance Coverage, tm 2017 Donald J. Trump. 
Democrats towards anything Trump tries to do......
Liberal Nazis shooting congressman is mean
He's just quoting the Glorious Leader.
that's different then. hail Caesar
Fair enough. Too much of conversation is "yah but I didn't like that thing you did that time." Both sides. This isn't govt working for us.
I believe Joe Kennedy had the best word for this....MALICE. Their is intent here to hurt everyone BUT the super rich. No doubt about it!!
NOT GOOD WAY TO GOVERN! WHAT R YOU AFRAID OF GOP . MIDDLE CLASS PAYS. WE DESERVE HEALTH CARE. CALL,TEXT
All most as bad as Obamacare was.
AMERICANS LET GOP TRUMP KNOW HOW WE FEEL. Let AMERICANS VOTE ON THIS HEALTH BILL. HIDING MEANS BAD DEAL FOR AMERICANS
You are a child Chuck
LL You've never seen it @SenSchumer
So again stop postulating get with Rand Paul and fix it for American citizens
Whew! 
It must be "mean", he capitalized "IS"!!
GOP IS KILLING FAMILIES WITH CHILDREN. NO COVERAGE TO HELP US. AND I CAPITALIZED "US! "
You actually capitalized EVERY LETTER.

#7 - 
YES BECAUSE PEOPLE LIKE YOU JUST DON'T GET IT. WHERE IS YOUR BRAIN MAN. IN TIME ALL THESE BAD CHANGES WILL FILTER DOWN TO U.
Schumer, you've got to be the biggest sleeze since Jimmy Hoffa. Nothing you say has credibility. Crawl back in ur hole with @HillaryClinton
Thank you for your time in front of what is formally known as the Senate. You are MEAN too, @SenSchumer
Mean as in charging working class folks $1300 a month while giving illegal aliens free health insurance. Your loyalty is corrupted #Traitor
It's not done yet Chucky!
#TrumpcareKills
The federal government should not be in the health care insurance side of the house. Your just going to screw things up even more so.
Much worse than mean. It's a killer.
See that's what get liberals worked up and gets ppl shot. Knick that shit off
But it's alright to put out Obamacare that failed and devastated American families...You cheated us by the way it was passed and by bill.
It is MEAN,but a better word is CRUEL #Votethemout2018 #RussiaGate
I think he got cut off. He was saying "MEAN people don't want me to get richer off the backs of the country." #bs
If their plan is "MEAN"->those who propose it are as well. We don't want or need "mean" spirited people representing us in Congress!#OUTin18
Arizona voters overwhelmingly agree! @JeffFlake and @SenJohnMcCain need to #ShowUsTheBill! #NoHearingsNoVote #VoteNoAHCA #HandsOffMedicare
And yesterday he threatened Americans with passing it. I think perhaps he's bipolar?
Not everyone can have the Cadillac plan you have being a Senator Chuckie especially under Obamacare
Awhh, but making insurance simply unaffordable is not?
Wasn't this more or less the same bill he wanted to ram through the @HouseGOP ...? What changed? He actually read it? #DumpTrump #TrumpCare
can you get any meaner your self ??/
We can blame hate spewing, race-baiting, fear mongering DemocRats such as Schumer and his minions for the shootings in DC last week.
Mmhmmm ok and after this healthcare passes no one will be able to afford to suffer a gunshot wound.  Try & stay on topic.
Tump healthcare is not "mean" u don't like it's source if a Dem would have come up w/it =100% support from u Shumer u total pander
