Hey, Chuck, how about working with the rest of Congress to develop a HC plan that is good for the American people.  Quit being a leech !
Republicans just wanted tax breaks for the upper 1 percent.
If your HC has improved since the ACA was passed you are fortunate.  The GOP is trying to fix HC before the ACA self destructs.
That's an excuse to give taxbreaks to the rich.  ACA is fixable.
That is Democrat propaganda.  The Dems live, and sleep with the wealthy.  The wealthy provide the funds that get Dems elected. It's BS!!
Republicans are bought by big business and the Koch brothers. Look at Trump's cabinet,  all billionaires...
All politicians are indebted to the wealthy.  The Dems are the only ones vilifying the wealthy.  It helps keep our country divided.
Not OK when all breaks are for the wealthy. Republicans are worse at being bought..
Exploiting the suffering of ppl for ratings, just like Jerry Springer used to do!  Oh how far the Dems have fallen!
Get on facebook, see how many people have been saved by ACA...
You need proof, Facebook isn't proof, ah crap im talking to a troll
ACA didn't have any lifetime limits.  People with Cancer received life saving treatments...
Look can you find where it says that in the bill? I can't so when you find it can you cite it please?
This has been debated, new Trumpcare takes it away, if it goes thru..
So you can't cite it? Debated doesn't mean a thing except that YOU'RE part of the spreading false rhetoric crowd, check your facts!!
U just want to take down Trup, in order to do that you must take America down too.  No help no message....
If Trump goes down, It'll be his own fault...
What does that have to do with anything I tweeted?
If trump goes down, it will be his own fault.
Makes no sense.

how about "fighting for them" by working with Republicans to come up w a good bill instead of just #obstructing ?! #draintheswamp #fakenews
Then donate your paychecks like Trump does
stop the bs now
What BS?  Tax breaks for the rich. Trumpcare 16 percent approval rating...

PA Welfare Fraud Crackdown: 344 Charged, $1.78M In Stolen Benefits In 2017, Officials Say https://patch.com/pennsylvania/newtown-pa/pa-welfare-fraud-crackdown-344-charged-1-78m-stolen-benefits-2017-officials …
More people to use.
Bravo - don't stop .

My Senator represents the values of the people he is protecting My Senator would rather help his people than harm them My Senator is honest.
Republicans have majority...
But under Obamacare it was ALLsuch a freaking liar tell me chucky what insurance company do you use oh wait we the people pay for it
Trumpcare has a 16 percent approval rating..
Fight for the rest of us that had healthcare ruined by your plan!

You should give them the $4Million a year you receive
you'll forget them in a minute.  your fake, you don't care!
You should have thought of them when you passed #Obamacare  . #fedup
Chuck Democrats have Nothing to do with the VOTE Republicans DO. We don't need UR Vote & you have not Hurt our Vote we have few diff ideas
You literally pray on weak people for votes and it's pathetic. You scare them by telling them lies about the future. #resign please....
Taking advantage of sick people. What happened to the Democratic Party? X Democrat
Schumer only protects Medicaid recipients that get it for free.. How about the middle class that can't afford the Unaffordable Care Act.
He doesn't care about them.
Thanks to your evil, hateful resistance I will never vote Democrat again. Your whole party is crazy.
Americans know that The Affordable Care Act has been sabotaged by the Republicans and that their replacement is careless and dangerous.
Your using them as a political tool. What about the Americans you lied to and took their HC from them and they can't afford it now. LIAR
How many people are enrolled in Obamacare right now?
Melba, Schmuckster here.....Can I please meet you for a photo op? Make it look like we just bumped into each other on the street...
Hey chuck. Got a big juicy rib eye on the grill with your name on it. Ya just gotta quit obstructing & help America & it's all yours.WAITING
Oh look a Photo OpFYI chuckieBoy a DIPLOMATWorksWITHhis COLLEAGUESU R an ANTAGONIST..an ADVERSARY..a DISGRACE 2Public Office
Rather than picking out a sad case, how about you think of the majority of the country. Both sides can find sad cases. It don't help america
Rise & shine Chuck. Real question Here. How far does Obamacare have to fail before ya try and help America rather than obstruct? We r waitn.
It's going to go nuclear. Ur outnumbered and out voted.
What a shame you use a cripple as part of your propaganda!
Schumer is the typical politician, stating I will protect the people when in fact he's only protecting himself
Yeah take those pictures
Just more lies. I know when something is rotten to the core and it's disloyal treasonous democrats

"I mean, it's MOSTLY BULLSH*T right now"- @CNN producer on Russia story. They KNOW it's #FakeNews! #AmericanPravda

…
Schumer is looking for votes. The Dems are going under for 3rd time and he would sell his wife for a vote. Remember the tears
The only reason people hate Trump including Dems is they will have to go to work and Dems can't buy votes with give sways & entitlements.
If it's been a year and you haven't helped them by now you SUCK! Time for you to retire to you crook
#MAGA
ObamaCare premiums rose 300% for my family since its inception. You sir, are the meanest son of a gun on the planet.
END OF GAY PRIDE MO?DA HAVE TAKEN OVER AIRLINES, I R S , GOV AGENCIES ET AL,NOT GOOD>STERO-TYPE OF SELF-GUILT, VIN DIC TIVE&WHINEY DEMS-WITS
https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/879871003114995712 …
Of Course, Not Surprised
How about people that lost their jobs and can't afford Health Insur due to $1500/month premiums.
You are the one that put them on Failing Obamacare with no help . Own it my Fake Tears Anti American POS
Sponsor legislation with NY state legislature for supplemental care to fill gaps the citizens of NY wish to fund.
That's so sweet of you.
Schumer : pandering puppet , his leadership is why his party is dead . No ideas , just hate spewing responsible for GOP shootings God Knows
Cheap photo op. We're on to you Chuck.
Stop making them pay for maternity leave. Charles. How many people has Obamacare killed?
What a joke your do nothing party gave us Obama Care an over priced plan designed to fail to bring about socialized medicine destroying us.

You mean, think of you? What a fraud

FAKE MAN WITH FAKE HAIR
Chuck, if Obama care is sooo good, why aren't you on it, you hypocrite?
Did you lie to them too?
Terrible healthcare plan, postponed.  Thank heaven..
Bet your ass, you will be voted out, next election!
What a joke, you make me sick, liar.
Cut taxes
Lame photo op my friend had cancer and couldn't afford Obamacare you lie
Don't forget to tell them that we the taxpayers pay 72% of your premiums.
Raising Minimum Wage ? Simple economics, not so simple for simpletons. SEE !!! Listen to the WINNING SIDE. Dems F@cked up AGAIN
You're a phony Chuckie just like Bernie
None available u voted for Obamacare and it has destroyed our family financial you are pathetic
Obamacare absolutely sucks and my daughter owes 10's of thousand of dollars to insurance companies...my mom needs home health care there is
GREAT work with & about real people!!! xoxo
Chuck won't even help is own people in Israel, you really think he cares about anyone but himself and George Soros.
Que the wheelchair for photo opp. Shame on you.
I know 2 ppl with small businesses who voted for Obama bc of Ocare. They hoped for lower cost. Now neither 1 has healthcare. That's fact.
What is wrong with you? Using people for your own gains. Some people would get off there ass and work on a counter proposal for health care.
You r holding a grudge and making people who put you in office suffer! @HillaryClinton lost! Stupid to have put such a criminal up!
“@SenSchumer: I met Melba & her mom last fall & I'm still fighting for them, telling their story & urging my.."
Explain the fight
And of course you aren't willing to help. So these kids future is in your hands if nothing is done.
God bless Melba and her mom, but you are using them to destroy the country being a political hack.  Be a Senator!
Call the Waaambulance 4 weepy Schumer
You're a fraud Chuck, you and all your limousine liberals say one thing and do the opposite, hypocrisy at its best
Can't blame repub 4 what happen in CA w/ rendon. So what is the plan to actually FIX ACA? Answer that chucky!
-(3/3) THEIR SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS! You don't care about American families!
What about us you abandoned thanks to the ACA, why won't you fight for us! Why are the middle working class not worth your time.
Needed Republicans to fix ACA. They just wanted repeal. Their plan was heartless.
Because it's not fixable. Bi partisan has to start from scratch, right now GOP is a bill and can be changed if both side work together.
Fight, resist, and come to GMHC in NYC and sit with us  for a afternoon to really understand our struggle and our fight and have a dialogue
I don't know what to call you except Politician!  Politicians and Lawyers are  less reputable than Prostitute! Prostotutes are honest!
No your not
Were they for Obamacare that you and your party screwed up & couldn't deliver on.
You already been to mover and stuck the green we need to move the so-called affordable care act
Nothing like a fake pose pretending to care...Resign Meatball!
Looks like you're about to start crying again
@SenSchumer have any feeling and speaking out for these Americans how about these that have no insurance with only 10.3 still insurance 
Hey @SenSchumer have any feeling and speaking out for these Americans 
You met 1 person n 8 years I am impressed
Continuing the emotional appeal strategy......ignoring the hard fiscal realities........
Yea using ignorant people's manipulating to make your black agenda bit wee here to unmasking you for the real stories suffering fail Obama
Geez Schmuck. How many sob stories are you gonna parade about. But them a ticket to Venezuela, I hear everything is free there.
So you agree Obamacare was not good either?
Obama illegally used $$ from Fannie and freddie to fund his crappy Obamacare. It needs to go!

What a Photo opp ?? You care about yourself and the health care provided to Senators , nothing like the garbage we have !! Cry Chuckles
How many times are you going to repost the same thing over and over your starting to sound like Donald
Have you been talking to all of the people you screwed over with ACA as well? Just curious.
Obviously not or if he has he doesn't care
Your way Chucky or no way the rest of those dems can't think or vote without Chucky approval you dems are to work for us not Chucky boy
stop using people to gain sympathy or instill fear. figure out a way to wk together to come to an agreement on affordable healthcare for ALL
help others but when the residents of williamsburg brooklyn needed your help your office said it wasn't your problem.
and dont tell me...her whole family will die if the failing ACA is replaced...right? Please #ShutupChuck your an embarrassment #TermLimits
then get rid of Obamacare what about everyone else who can't afford the premiums. Help it sucks
Well Chucky if OBUMER care collapses are you going to resign and take Pelosi with you? Term limits.
Please put Melba and her mm on TV. People need to SEE the story.
And then time for all the people that Obamacare has hurt so they can tell their side
You see Chuck these are the people that Medicare was designed for but no Dems had to open it up for everyone which now puts it in jeopardy!
Political exploitation, nice
I'm glad you only care about a limited amount of people #wewantouroldhealthcare not #Obamacare work together don't be a #cuck
How about some senators from Both sides meet over the break with no cameras or ego and come up with a fix? Tired of fighting/Need leading.
Schumer is like Obama, no leadership skills.
They all have potential but everyone is listening to the wings of their parties too much. Too afraid of getting primaried to compromise.
There is no fix. It's about power and control of our $. Healthcare does not belong in the fed gov.
Chuck, stop lagging on RU. We're not waiting until 2018. This is no game of Chess. These are real lives with HC & RU. Act now.
Don't use people for your spitefulness. It's pathetic!TinyTears Chuckie won't put it in his head,TRUMP IS POTUS! Obama n team r Screwed!
Put the real stories of people who depend on Medicaid on TV, let people see the faces and hear the real impact of Trumpcare.
Are u fighting for people with zero subsidies and can't afford the premiums
Thank you for all you're doing!
Because what is the point when they are in the minority? ALl that will come from it is fuel for Faux news and the Tea party.
Let GOP go home, get asses chewed by constituents, then PUBLICY offer to meet with them. Shut down "Obstructionist" narrative
By that you mean, you're exploiting them to further your oft-stated obstructionist agenda. Your approval isn't required. We voted #Repeal.
Actually, 65 million Americans voted to NOT repeal.
31 of 50 states voted repeal. That's a mandate and that's what we're going to have. Your approval isn't required.
