.@Equifax stunningly & epically failed to perform 1 of its 2 essential duties, to protect the sensitive info of the people in its files.
We must get to the bottom of this, the murky bottom. Equifax must be held accountable and answer for its actions.
Equifax must
-Notify all impacted
-Offer credit monitoring & freezes
-Comply w/ @CFPB's forced arbitration rule
-Cooperate w/ all investigs
If @Equifax doesn't agree to these things in 1 week, the CEO & entire Board should step down. It's commonsense & the baseline of decency.
If the average citizen did anything close to what @Equifax corporate leaders did, he would be fired immediately.
Really Chucky boy? Congress allows this by empowering these credit reporting agencies. Break them up, restructure the credit industry!
Equifax profiteers off selling consumer information.  Leaving consumer information easily accessed by criminals.
Credit companies themselves are corporate malfeasance. They have an absurd amount of power over normal human beings. They are wrong
Take it easy @SenSchumer.  Enron was a multi billion $ fraud perpetrated by hundreds.  Equifax caused by morons ignoring a patch.
It's what they have done since that's the problem.
Well if you mean trying to sell you services to guard your personal info which you didn't tell them they could have or lose, then yes.
We need to know what to do please provide clear instructions for the average citizen
Is this the time to get rid of social security numbers or at least stop using them for ID?
Another form of ID would take its place. You'd be giving everyone eg. drivers license number instead. As is common in other countries.
No company should have this much power and be so irresponsible.  Rein them in.  #15mistakesinnameaddressfield
Yeah, so is the 400/year my family will be paying for the next 50 to keep our info monitored. Please remember us when fine time comes.
That's 20k, if interested. I'm an accounting student. If I can't get that in restitution (after the attorney's $) that's a TAX.
So, I'm literally being taxed b/c a BUSINESS that is legally allowed to take my info, decided to not secure it, leaving it vulnerable...
...while cashing in their stock. When is the gov., right/left going to stop paccifing greedy millionaires & lobbyist...
Wallstreet, but pharma, insurance companies, target, blue cross, universities, Brooks brothers & the list goes on...
It comes down to this. Y'all either give a damn about "we the people" or the executives that go golf with the big G to get out of trouble. 
Equidad has us all sweating gumdrops over our credit and then allows this breach? What a lousy company!
Hanlon’s razor applies here though. Never attribute to malice what can be explained by sheer incompetence. An extreme case, perhaps.
Probably Top 5, but there's some very stiff competition.
How about getting to the bottom of Iran sending money to Clinton foundation.
Dang Senator you have perfect 20/20 hindsight What a great leader you are. Leading from behind. Humm that explains a lot.
credit bureaus have entire relationships with all creditors. This is MASSIVE failure and must be punished
Punishment would be for the federal reserve to replace the system with a cryptographically secure one. It’s “Critical Infrastructure”!
You actually TRUST the Fed Reserve?
Think about it...

Fed Reserve is NOT USA BANK
No I don’t. But some “Oooh Ess Ehh” snowflake would whine about “da gubmint” and “deep state” if it were not kept as private enterprise.
To that end, the fed probably has the most expertise and operational respect of this kind of undertaking so it’s not another train wreck.
An org like @FINRA *might* be created to handle it, but for some reason I see them as more of a fluke of success than a reproducible org.
Fair point...

Best solution is to break up 'monster Corporations'

Back to Regional Banking for States and most people...
I don’t disagree. We’ve lost a lot to federalization. But we’re still the biggest market in the world as a result. Hard problem, no?
if only we had more government involved. SMH
And this is why using credit reports in choosing employees or tenants should be illegal!
Only thing that’s an even shittier idea is the government doing it.
Umm, you might be forgetting about the economic cataclysm caused by corporate greed -- for which no one paid -- that attacked us in 2008
You talk but do nothing
What the hell are you trying to say, Chuckie?
The whole credit score industry is crooked and colludes with banks so they can charge you more interest.  Investigate. @SenWarren @RonWyden
What are the odds that nothing will be done about it
And no one will go to jail. Same old song and dance.
We should follow Iceland ' s lead and jail them. That would fix the problem and make sure it doesn't happen again.
If only there was some political will for it.
Therein lies the rub...
Then put back regulations. All of them. It's not that hard.
If I have to deal with identity theft again I will flip my shit 6 yrs later and I  just  recently started getting my credit straightened out
Good luck.
Thank you
What are you going to do about it? All talk no action is what the public can expect. People aren't happy with congress or the senate senator
Social security numbers should only be used for SSA business. Period.
Hold them accountable and send them to jail.
Wells Fargo bank, all the car companies With computer programs to falsify emissions data etc. There is no shortage of examples.
Wait what

Enron didn't destroy the global economy. Yet there were actual TRIALS for that one.

However, more recently, I seem to recall...
yeah, equifax isn't an outlier.
What transpired at Equifax is literally the normal state of infrastructural software across the globe.
IOW not patched
I won't be surprised if there's absolutely no prosecution of the executives.
Cheers, you're doin' it again.  Our Chuck, we like you.
Might want to take a close look at the crappy job Congress is doing, butt head.
So a company gets hacked and it's their fault.
Hello?!! What about @WellsFargo?? 
You Senators always know exactly what to do right AFTER the shit hits the fan...
Congress must require @Equifax to NOTIFY EVERY PERSON EFFECTED. Their screw-up, why must we hunt for info? And pay for protection?
Hold Equifax executives accountable. End of story. This is beyond egregious and negligence. Criminal
Funny, investors playing the market are saying it is no big deal.
The government has destroyed our 4th Amendment and privacy rights,
Is it really surprising?
What are you going to do about it senator?
please look into the malfeasance of congress too...knew you would..
Too bad it's just one of the many egregious things happening right now...
And the repubs want to cut regulations even further.  *smh*
What are you going to do about it?
And in 2nd place is the egregious purchasing of politicians in this country. Right, Chuck?
Every one of the Equifax execs that sold their stock before the announcement should be jailed.
Let's do something to REALLY protect your identity: two factor authentication. I realize not everyone has that option but millions do
Go get'em Chuck!
If I, making $14hr & mate $14hr can understand reason for top 1% having a tax cut(no dedutions) & UR party cant, how can U offer BETTERDEAL?
How many folks will have real issues after in intrusion on our privacy?
Congress should back money with gold, silver, other commodities, federal government owned lands, etc
Congress should audit Federal Reserve, veto decisions of Federal Reserve, fire employees of Federal Reserve and members of Federal Reserve
Weimar Republic hyperinflation.  Realities of Modern Hyperinflation PDF from IMF.  IMF discusses underground economy
Congress power coin money, regulate value Article 1, Section 8.  President not allowed to choose Federal Reserve
Idiots in Congress chose to allow penalties dealing with identity fraud, identity theft to be minor
Idiots in Congress chose to allow businesses to use Social Security numbers for reasons having nothing to do with Social Security
Idiots in Congress chose to allow Social Security numbers on Medicare cards
Article 1, Section 8 http://www.archives.gov/founding-docs/constitution-transcript …  More than 1state commerce - Congress
Members of Congress have chosen to ignore oath of office dealing with currency, regulating companies, military powers Article 1, Section 8
Congress to blame.  Congress decided not to regulate Equifax and its competitors the way required.
What about wells Fargo?
Similar to what Spectrum is doing to its Unionwork force in NYC,
How about you all do something about it rather than bla bla.
And almost impossible to get your credit frozen to prevent ID theft right now! Totally incompetent & guilty of insider trading
The @CFPB needs to be shut down, @realDonaldTrump
Prosecute, prosecute, prosecute.
Some companies deserve the death penalty.
Support Medicare for all...NOW!
Chuck...

WHY DO YOU TAKE $$$$$$$ FROM THE INSURANCE INDUSTRY AND THEN OPPOSE UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE? 

ISN'T THAT WHAT YOU CALL OUT Rs FOR?
Hey Chuck, what r u doing @ #GrahamCassidyHeller repeal bill? Our HC will be lost while u let Sanders have wasted spotlight.
What will you do to protect us?
EQUIFAX NEEDS TO SECURE CONSUMER FINANCIAL DATA OR GO OUT OF BUSINESS FOR GOOD.
That was way too many big words for @realDonaldTrump to understand. @SenSchumer
This can be much worse than Enron! It can directly destroy 143 million lives, plus their families. Need to refi, sorry, your score sucks.
Hmmm... what about financial crisis. You and merry band of fools will crucify Equifax but gave corporate execs responsible for 09 free pass
PLEASE make them give FIVE YEARS free monitoring! #5yearsfree
I agree. Where were the regulators?
How about afterward? Finding out if your info was comprimised disclosed you from class action suit? Or the "free" credit monitoring...
Would automatically start charging you after one year. 'Cause you know, signing up for free requires a credit card to protect u from...
Since Goldman Sachs Wall Street etc
Let's test "Citizens United" Board and senior Execs must go to jail if equifax is found guilty of crime.
It's their 1 BIG THING and boy, did they SCREW UP!!
Hold them responsible!
There should be a class action suit nobody has the choice to give them information yet we could any be screwed by this.
@potus    talk to your buddy @MarkWarner its in his home state of VIRGINIA, funny u did not mention OPM as egregious !  thats on u chuck!
I agree! Will U do more than advocate 4 a slap on the hands with a fine? Smdh In the meantime, B the party U boast you are! #MedicareForAll
Yes it is. Right up there with the mismanagement of the massive debt you are a part of In NEW YORK STATE!!!!
It's worse than Enron. 1/2 people have had their info stolen. That CANNOT be fixed! I can't get a new social, TDL, etc.
It's fine. I can now laugh in the face of any requests for credit checks; they mean NOTHING now.
Are you guys gonna take legal action this time? Can't let em off the hook like y'all did after the Great Recession
Is it not possibly worse in terms of consumers affected? I can't even get through to freeze my report.
Credit reporting companies such as Equifax are  legalized extortion on people. politician's continue to let these people do as they please
You glided over the 2008 crash, Chuck...
As trump wants to cut regulations protecting public from malfeasnce
trump not for the people unless they are at his income level
Kind of reminds you of how politicians work in DC.
Never thought it would happen, but I can finally say I agree with Senator Schumer.
Chuck, I hope to see a Congressional hearing on this.
Koch brothers spend $100,000,000 in anti science propaganda to unjustly question global warming. That action cost lifes That deserves jail.
.@Equifax exists to serve the idea of "no excuses." Yet they have the nerve to charger me to tell me whether or not they lost my info.
I hope, but don't expect the Dems are changing and will start including corporations in the fight for justice.
Tweets are cheap.  Do something.
Sounds like they stole a play out of the DNC hand book..you have to clean your own house before you can bitch about your neighbors
But business will still continue 'as usual'
Whatever happened to the exec's that sold shares before telling the public? Broken system
HOW ABOUT A LAW ABOLISHING CREDIT BUREAUS. 
Just another tool to suppress the masses.
What will you do to protect us?
They top echelons at Equifax should be criminally liable for failing to safeguard our confidential information. I'm not kidding.
CERTAINLY TOOK UR TIME ABOUT COMMENTING!! TYPICAL POLITICAN!!
How about shutting up for a momemnt, and try "working!" We are tired of you and yours....gees, get to work, I'M YOUR BOSS! U R voted out!
And yet its allowed to continue to happen over and over again.
Ok chuck, what are you going to do about it?
Please do something about this so it doesn't happen again.
They need to fail Chuck. People are losing faith in the system.
Clearly.
This is what happens when you don't hold those responsible for financial crimes. #Not1bankerwenttojail4housingcrisis
Politicians one step behind as usual. The people have been complaining about the credit reporting agencies for years. Nothing gets done,
I spent hours on hold to freeze my reports and won't get that time back. Sick @GOP what's your input?
Agreed.  They want to charge us to freeze the reports
And, as with Enron, the guilty will not suffer, in spite of the outrage theater currently on display in congress.
And like Enron, the guilty will not suffer.
This is why we hired you Senator.  Please make sure that greed filled companies like these are investigated and punished.
the rich and well connected  rarely serve time for their crimes, crimes that would land anyone else in jail. Thats the real crime here
then make them cover those affected 4 life. they knew, they hid and now millions are in danger thru no fault of their own. #greedymoney
I assume you regularly check the software versions on your tablets and PC"s? Blame is easy; making laws that stop these breaches is harder.
and the man behind that one was Dick Cheney who sits free. WHY?
#AwanBrothers Pakistani ISI spy ring in Congress last 14 yrs now bordering on malfeasance
#AwanContra
My guess is that no one will be prosecuted in this travesty, just like no one was prosecuted for the financial meltdown in 08. Why is that?
Equifax, Google, and many others are in the business of selling data on us. We need protection from this. Will career politicians protect us
Corporations can regulate themselves..... NOT!!!!
I agree. Our laws need to be strengthened to protect consumers and punish corporate greed.
Chuck your actually correct but still a hypocrite. Where were you in 2015 when the govt got hacked?
Do Your Job!   #NoBuyOuts
Then do your job and lock them up.
In other words, it's Friday. Greed, entitlement and privilege ... SAD!
And they want me to pay them for protection for their screw up. This is insane.
It's worse because far, far more people are at risk and the potential consequences could ruin millions of lives.
Thanks.
So let's file a lawsuit or grievance. I never gave them permission to house my (our) information!
@The_UnSilent_ @Equifax yep, Admin as a password is high dollar cyber security#
And your collusion with @realDonaldTrump. Don't work w/ him. Work to impeach him.
Trumps deregulation of laws that protect consumers is going 2 produce alot more Madoff A lot of ppl rich-poor will lose everything lk b4
Funny how tough you and your colleagues are after everyone is screwed. Ready shoot aim Schumer!
This is what Trump and his SWAMP admin want and allow. Businesses always 1st at expense of ppl. Deregulation of laws that help consumers
Facebook as well.
Lawmakers have fallen asleep at the wheel when it comes to big data.
So what are you gonna do about it?
yes. My husband and I have both had our credit info compromised by them which is horrifying since we own a home, stocks, bonds, etc...
So congress will be addressing @Equifax hack immediately to protect the People, right? Today,  yes?
Sure. Now that campaign $ is lawsuit $, let's dump on the Villain Du Jour.
So, what's the gov't going to do about this...they had the patch for 2 months & didn't install..."Lock them up!"
Just like the banking & real estate meltdown, those responsible won't go to prison, claiming their gross incompetence is not a crime.
Ok Chuck we agree, America is counting on you to do something to protect us
You are 100 times worss
The user name and password were admin/admin. For a credit agency. You should regulate them out of existence
And nothing will happen to the executives because people at that level don't pay consequences. Some underling will be scapegoated.
@The_UnSilent_ @Equifax By the sheer size of people affected, the Equifax breach is far worse than Enron.
https://donotpay-search-master.herokuapp.com/ 
THE DEMS. ATTACK MORE BIG COMPANY'S IN THE US [EQUIFAX]-HACKED.????
And yet, they are going unpunished. Once again, consumers pay the greatest price. Fines. Jail time. Repair.Do something to this company!!!
True

Side note...ANY dealing with Mango make sure to get it it writing, signed.

He lies.

A lot.

He is setting you up @SenSchumer
and it will take 8 years to sort it out and not one person will go to jail or pay substantially for the crimes of negligence over & over.
It's just another example of corporate corruption encouraged by a corrupt Congress, all of us are merely wallets to be fleeced by corp & pol
And we're all SCREWED!!!!! What good does only one year of monitoring do? We will all have to worry FROM NOW ON!! They must PAY.
Why are they still a company?
We need a better way to identify people.  Social security numbers keep getting hacked.  Why not finger prints or retina id?
So do something about them and their egregious insider trading before the word.
I strongly suspect this is related to voter data state's refused to release because it was illegal. Kobach got the information another way.
Enron has still not paid damages to Indigenious or to anyone else in Alaska. Ask Charles Coe Esquire
American should sue Equifax on behalf of the American people.
They need to be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
Please do something to protect us! It will cost $30 for me to freeze my credit! I never asked them to take my data! @Equifax should pay!
No, I think that's a gross oversimplification.  Check Bruce Scheier's commentary on this.
How many yrs been telling FTC CFPB Senators how crooked they r they never take wrong info off ignore u won't let u hv ur rpts HATE THEM
Agree...So what are you gonna do about it Senator?
Yes! They must be prosecuted, consumers/victims compensated and the way obsolete social security number as financial ID updated now Senator!
So who's going to punish them? The
So how much do you own?
They're offering a year of protection, but they exposed us to a lifetime of risk. Can you do anything to make them accountable?
Wow to invoke the name ENRON is really big! Personally I hope the company has to pay a settlement to all American consumers.
Yes but @Equifax is a huge corporation with tons of political clout so they'll just go right on making millions off of our private data.
what about Facebook
WHO hacked @Equifax ?  Seriously. WHO?
We can't protect our info. I seriously doubt we can protect our voting machines. Things were better with paper. I'm not old fashioned but ??
Mr. @SenSchumer, what if anything be done about it?
And yet no fines and no one in jail.... good job
So what are you gonna do about it?
Well old chunky is a real asshole crook
@fmanjoo @Equifax next steps?
#DrainTheSwamp
Two of my favorite words in 1 tweet. #egregious #malfeasance
Really Enron.....I do recall some dirty bankers who got $100m parting salaries and no jail time.  Many of their employees work in govt.
