What you really mean to say is that you don't have enough of the Intelligency Community working for you - you want to make it easier to Spy!
#wasteofmoney #youpayforit #libscanpayforit



Hey Chuck, where's our civil defense shelters for when the N.Korean nukes arrive?    Can we use yours?   How do we get there?   Got a map?
I got a laugh not too many people on this page like you . They write funny stuff I love it
Taxpayer money Chuck. Not Congress. Get out@of our pockets
It's called a weather app on your phone there are many of them and they are free West New York does not need a freaking satellite
Key word "almost!" Really Chuck, you love spending our money. Is there ever a gov spending project you oppose?

Ground Control to Major Chuck, you've got to get your weather satellites way above "100,000 feet"!
You  have veen warned.  God is the only one thst can forgive. Judgment is at hand. You  can not run.from.God
Agree!!! This was taken in PERRY NY and when taken, there was no warning or EAS Alert.
The weather always forecasts alerts like warnings and watches ahead of time.
Not always.  There was no warning ahead of time for that tornado.  I was there
I take it you have a cell phone and they have alerts
Yes, I also have the internet, and even live television/radio.   No cell phone alert, no EAS.  This is one they missed.
You need to download the weather app
Thank you but my apps and phone already get things like eas alerts.  They just didn't activate one...  Your advice isn't wanted.


The weather in ny is noticeably different. Grow a garden of food and you will notice.
u r a disgrace
Chuck your a you're a has-been and so are New Yorkers all wannabes like South Philly Philadelphia
God's  judgement is coming to America. NO ONE CAN HIDE HE CHOSE TRUMP TO EXPOSE THE EVIL IN THE W.H. REPENT  WIW TO ANY MAN THAT HURTS TRUMP
I have yet to see anything other then rain,no flood, nothing. And I live by Lake St.Clair.Its NYs problem not ours.
He must have stock in some sort of green environmental investment  unpredictable weather ass
The sky is falling, the sky is falling!
I'm nervous about the effects missiles could have on our global environment. Even more nervous because we have a crazy person in office.
Why did Chuck Schumer Support Anti-Semitic Keith Ellison For DNC Chairman? Because he's a hypocrite.
Maybe they could use that $369 million to fund transgenders in the military sex change operations. You support that too right???
Phooey...New York can fund their own satellites.
Waste of taxpayers money.
why don't you and all of Congress use Obama care like the rest of the U.S. citizens?
Why just upstate Chuck? Who are you trying to win over? Doesn't NYC get weather on a regular basis?
Hey Chuck, there is always smoke signals
The bigger question is will congress ever keep their campaign promises to their constituents? #R&RObamacare #MAGA
You need to stand up & Stand destruction of gov from Koch agenda! Education, justice, climate-all being destroyed as Kochs paid for
How many jobs will be created and maintained by the purchase of the satellites?
My first question is how many lives have been lost due to the lack of desired radars. Property is insured and can be replaced
Why r u afraid you'll lose a vote?
Yes! Climate change is happening
Yes!  Climate change IS real and we will need all the warnings we can get!
NY needs to fund its own satellites. I don't want to pay for your stuff.
Pretty sure they are already "in the know"! @robynlbowman
Why do you support the murder of our babies?  Planned Parenthood is equivalent to Nazi Germany and you support murder.
Congress must fund...YOU DONT HAVE ANY MONEY YOU HAVEN'T TAKEN.  How I pray for the day NYers wake up.  I miss Wendy Long
No. They must learn to live with fiscal responsibility.
Your worried about getting your f ING weather?
You are in debt $20 trillion. Pay up.
You coming to the State Fair?
You can buy these NY votes but, you serve us. Taxpayer.
Reform welfare, medicaid, and illegal immigration and you'll have plenty of money. Try cutting our proper taxes first.
Thank you Senator. We have been having terrible storms by Lake Erie and Lake Ontario.
No we haven't!!! The waters just high so the storms have a worse effect. Satellite isn't going to fix what the politicians messed up
FIRST STOP YOUR ENGINERRING OF THE WEATHER
Take the money NYC MAYOR is using sanctuary city funds.. I would vote for that to help part of your satellite funding
Fund it Urself!
I thought the National Weather Service had the Satellites, & Isn't that what the local  & national weather channels use?
NEW YORK should take care of it's own weather predictive measures.
please resign now and get back to work now
What about all Americans, as always thinking of the few that are in your best interest, Chuckie Chuckie Chuckie boy
Wrong again Chuck
Because they cannot trust The NY Times for any accurate information either...
What?  What could more satellites do? NY state is completely covered. Is Chuck nuts?
There you go Chuck you pick the 5 hundredth priority for Americans to work on. How about working on the top 10 priorities for Americans.Putz
Make America Great Again @SenSchumer Resign
What is your definition of *almost on a regular basis* and what is your supporting evidence? We all know what yoy think - #ClimateChangeBS
Blatant falsehood Chuck.  Weather is the mildest in decades.  Fewer strong storms, hurricanes and tornadoes.  Check your facts.
Gimme, Gimme, Gimme... Fund this, pay for that, buy us this, but "You can keep your healthcare".  #ABetterDeal #whatacrock
Please, Like we need more soy satellites! No
. I’ve been forecasting weather for almost 20 years.  Based on my experience, this is what the country needs.
What about the rest of us ?
Stop funding illegals, stop importing refugees, put Americans first, and you will have all the funds needed. #GarbagePolitics
Just watch CNN, they're reliable. :/
New York wants it, New York should pay for it. $20T in federal debt! Because of mouchers like you!
I'm starting to wonder who tweets more you or @realDonaldTrump at least his are worth reading
Give me a break...so many other things far mor important!

Hey chuckie I think u found ur life's work A Weather Man America let's send chuckie on to his life's work in 2018
Fund some real healthcare douche
if we have no jobs no food no were to go no health care why would we want to live long.  for the weather? da
Yeah, because it's too much to look out the window!!
Why can't NYers fund satellites for NY and not burden the entire rest of the country?
Because we r too busy finding NY City. We don't want no stinking satellite either.
You've treated them like mushrooms for your whole life keep them in the dark and feed them bullshit.
Ny has been in the dark for ages under the democrats.
Sound lib/dem strategy. Claim weather's unpredictability. Claim to need $money$ to predict the unpredictable.
doesn't matter how many state of the art weather systems you put up the weather is still going to be difficult to predict
The only thing predictable is the irresponsible Dem spending on anything that's shiny and puts $$ in their campaign coffers.
It's so easy for Dems to spend other people's money. Balance the budget you liberal hack. We"re tired of irresponsible Dem spending.
Really, stronger unpredictable?  Gore's movie bombed chuck, people realize your climate change is a joke.  Sorry except for loony left
You are a shameless hack that will politicize anything and any event.  For crying out loud, knock it off, what a jerk
Just use the weather machine the Bush administration used to steer Katrina towards New Orleans...
Who's your donor in the satellite business Chuck. Apparently you don't believe in balanced budgets only lobbyists with deep pockets!
So senator, by saying CONGRESS  must find this, what you're really saying is the taxpayers need to. CONGRESS HAS NO MONEY! IT'S OUR MONEY
Spend all the tax payers money on the people that funnel money into the Democratic Party..... your a crouton
If it so unpredictable senator, how do you expect us to believe global warming? You can't even tell us what it's going to do now. LOL
.@SenSchumer Then let's stop supporting dirty energy in NY State, which is causing the stronger, more unpredictable weather.
Totally agree! We need your help to wrestle a true clean energy path! Plus the @IDC4NY is not helping the State legislative options either
What are you talking about Schmucky? The last major hurricane to hit the US was nearly 12 years ago, Oct 24, 2005.

Lying ignoramus clown.
Why just NYers? See how you are.

How about the rest of the country as well???
New Yorkers ONLY? What the entire USA? @GOP @TheDemocrats @realDonaldTrump @POTUS44 @HillaryClinton u this admin just take take take!!!
No we need to make do with what we have until some debt down &we budget it out over yrs. Ppl hurting & need to take care of here & now 1st.
The "stronger" weather claims is a lie.  Hurricanes and sever winter storms are down.  What are you babbling about?  Who believes your lies?
We've been having more powerful wind storms in WNY, one infact produced 4 tornados.  It's not lies, check your facts.
Thank you
I wish people would check the factory
I call BS Chuck.
Give it a break chuck. We have plenty of weather warnings.
Define upstate.. Westchester county is not upstate
No it mustn't
Congress doesn't fund anything. Taxpayers fund your endless spending.
No
Crybaby
Wow Chuck finally gave a damn about Upstate, when will you give a da__ about WNY? Make Schumer poster Senator for Term Limits!
I guess you ought to know. Marxism pocohontas
WEATHER ? HOW ABOUT FIXING THE JOB SITUATION UPSTATE. IF U CAN TAKE THE TIME TO MENTION WEATHER HOW ABOUT UR TIME ON ECONOMY OF NEW YORK !!
What hat did you pull that thought out of? It's like throwing pasta against a wall to see what sticks! Hilarious !
You are doing ok with what you have. That's  paid for. Use that. What is it with Dems wanting to spend money burning holes in their pockets?
The same here in Michigan senator
How about letting ABC NBC CBS Fox and the weather channel pay these expenses
I think a Mexican wall is money better spent, Twisters in northern NY is as common as snow in Orlando FL.
If it is "unpredictable", then what's your point? 
just look at window chuckie
Why is it just for NYers?
Donald Trump said he's going to use Rush and satellites why spend money on cell lights we need money for welfare MAGA
No! NY spent 2million dollars on 1 bathroom! They could have used that money to update their satellites!  Totallly waseful!
Why?#Fakesenator
Paid for on the backs of the middle class, no doubt.

"A Better Deal!!!11!!!"

Chuckie the clown.
Like when this was predicted and no one was stuck anywhere. Ok Chuckles. 
You obviously have kickbacks tied to those satellites, eh Charlie?
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP  Congress must do the will of the people NOT YOURS!
Chuck, isn't GOES-14 in orbit in "storage" until needed?
The GOES-16 was launched on Nov. 16, 2016.  What satellites are you talking about?
Bc the weather is unpredictable, you have to pay more in taxes. Oh I see now, that makes perfect sense
That's a technology from the future for this administration.
How about addressing #climatechange
Weather ain't it Chucky, you might have pounced on the wrong mouse there.
How much does the company's that will profit from this contribute to politicians and hire congressional staffers?
Whatever
Chuckles you are your scare tactics... don't you get storm alerts on your phone?
Seems you are very good at spreading FEAR and MISDIRECTION
Give up your Paycheck to help fund these special interests Like our Great President TRUMP did!!!
Simple solution...cut Convress' pay and benefits and the money will be available. Get #Real Chuck and @SenateDems .
Yup they can pay thier own health insurance instead of getting subsidized like a welfare case.
Weather has always been unpredictable.
Weather has always been unpredictable in the last 7 months I can count 5 forecasts of heavy storms that were nothing. More bull from Chuck.
Well then you just don't keep up do you
Jesus Chuckie we've got the best there is up there.we have to cut our spending hey why don't yell take a pay cut.
What about the rest of the country, Schemer? 
He's not the majority of he was they would be funded no question
The Blaze.  Snarky remark on you.
Thought you needed to know.
I wonder which satellite maker funds your campaigns? Hmmmmmm!!!!
No money for sanctuary cities.
NYers know u caused IndyMac Bank Failure, set off a Bank Panic that caused the 2008 economic collapse?
Why don't you work on bigger problems like you Democrats being crybaby obstructionists
No.  Get Healthcare, Taxes and Infrastructure done. We have soakled money into weather for a long time and still can not predict.
We don't need new satellites. We need new politicians.
Biased you should work for America not just our state
Oh come on. You #ClimateChange nuts treat a thunderstorm like the apocalypse. The facts decry your contention.
This is why I like twitter you democrats get on here and just reveal how out of touch you really are you just don't get it stop taking our $
Amen brother. Amen.
I live in earthquake,country and tornadoes scare the liver out of me, People need as much warning as possible
Democrats could tell you libturds the sun not coming up and y'all would believe them.hell we got the best weather sat. In the world
Dumbbb
Yes tax is more the answer for everything unreal
If New Yorkers are so worried about the weather download the weather channel app
Good one.If he only cared enough about how expensive it is to live here.
I know most expensive in the country
My god it rained quick we need to waste millions of dollars on an satellite
To will an advanced country back into the 19 th century is the act of a foreign invader who wishes to weaken an enemy #TrumpRussia
SENATOR WE SHOULD BE IMPROVING OUR SATELLITES NOT WORKING BACKWARDS !OUR SYSTEM SHOULD BE MODERN USING IMPROVEMENTS IN TECHNOLOGY!
Too bad Obama defined nasa
Are you seriously using the weather to push your agenda this is new low and shows how desperate you are
Yeah, god forbid we HELP people and warn them of tornados.
I'm more worried about the BS storm you politicians have been raining on us Americans for years.... 
Satellites going to predict weather for us we have weather satellites already u really think people are stupid I Nazi Fascist Democrats
It's true that all the scientist who talk about climate control have grants. Their job is to prove it exists so they can keep more grants
Our weather tech is actually quite advanced now. Spending 370 million to get the next generation is a waste of taxpayer dollars. DUMBB
Why are you co-sponsoring S.720, the anti-boycott bill?
This is thought-crime.
The word "bipartisan" now inspires dread.
Both major parties are becoming enemies of freedom.
This dysfunctional administration has not even funded the hurricane center.
typical demidiot, "tax and spend".
How I feel about your comment.
Your posts reveal your true alliances which are not with the AMERICAN people.  Work on healthcare.
Then defined Obamacare
Defund
NY has much bigger problems than satellites. You are the biggest one.
You must be getting plenty of pressure from a lobbyist that have already paid you
Be honest,this is because the POTUS gets to Twittering when its raining on his golf game and you guys need a warning so you can distract
BS just another useless expense! If New York needs it let New York pay for it!

Climate Change a.k.a. Global Warming is a HOAX! Stop promoting Al Gores fantasy movie.
Bunch a whiners
Poppycock. Dine alright to this point. You saying NOAA IS useless? Quit spending money on buckshot. Maybe new York can get own sat.
Where have you been?
We need to stop spending just because.
why do you keep running your piehole, get a real job, oh right, you have no experience that's needed
Let's first find out if they r really needed, if fed gov has a hand in who is making them, and then if the cost is justified.
He doesn't mind spending that money on vacations
Do you have evidence that Donald Trump spends that money on vacations? Are you aware he donates the presidential salary to a worthy cause?
Let New York fund them!
#BalancetheBudget and worry about NKorea first
