It's nobody's fault but the #ACA & forcing Americans to buy goods and services they may not want. Healthcare isn't in the #BillofRights
What the hell are you babbling about?
You're a woman? Just guessing. You had no rights until 1964. Me neither.
I'd cite suffrage 1920. Healthcare is different. The Feds telling me to buy goods or services I don't want limits me
*have
Dad's a vet, not me. I don't feel underrepresented as a woman. What are women are fighting for besides bigger paychecks that we don't have?
Why can't you all just come together and create something that will work for us? You don't have to get along to fix our problems.
Cuz Dems don't care! They only want their own fame and notoriety! They don't give a crap about us peons who work for a living!
Please keep Full Court Press on the GOP on every TV show&Radio ad to get the word out! ESPECIALLY to GOP voter's w/ tunnel Faux News vision!
Hey Chuck! All my medical bills are being sent to your office! You can pay them! I can't!
No that's the people getting off health care cause they won't be penalized
now chuck tell the truth set aside politics and think about what's good for all Americans not just about votes
I don't understand why the insurance companies aren't scared of losing all the govt-mandated money. Who will pay the bills if Medicaid dies?
Why is it you don't think we are worthy to the healthcare taxpayers provide for you.Just sit by while we twist in the wind. Obsequious Putz
Better yet if you really were concerned about American healthcare you would demand us to be on your lavish taxpayer funded healthcare. Putz
This is why you lost 1000 seats in Congress. Anyone PAY TAXES!! Dems LIE TO YOUR FACES AND YOU STILL VOTE FOR THEM. INSANE
I'm watching this ACA debate and we want Democrats to call it what it is,this is a killer Bill it will kill a lot of people. DEATH PANELS.
Obamacare was a death sentence for many Americans. Anything would be better.
Alternative facts 
Can I get a CBO score on how many millions of Americans will lose HC and DIE when Obamacare totally collapses?  I'll wait.
So WTF did obamacare do that was different?!?!?!?!???
You said the plan is for a tax breaks for the rich, how can it be more costly if we are saving $$ to give tax breaks. 10 - 2 is not 12 Chuck
GOP wants to murder the American people. I am not sure how that will increase the billions of $$ for their buddies in the ins & medical ind.
You just proved to everyone that the Dems are lying. How can GOP be wanting everyone to die if they are as greedy as Dems portray them?
Did it hurt, horsegramps, when the brain damage happened?
We have to KILL THIS BILL
That's what Hillary said. You saying it too?
Wrong Bill, the one I am talking about would become a law.I also wouldn't be breaking the law to suggest that we terminate it.HRC votes NO?
thank you for calling this bill TrumpCare, and for continuing to fight for us
Are you a Dem politician? That's the only person he is fighting for!
Dem Leadership has to get a PR campaign that keeps the whole party on message! WE need to keep the spotlight on the truth of #Trumpcare
Medicaid cuts to seniors delayed so impact not shown in CBO score. Number who will die will be in the tens of millions a year in 10 years.
Tens of millions? You really are delusional! What will they die of stupidity? You must be planning on being the first victim!!
Please stop this madness. Trump, Ryan & McConnell are just looking to line their pockets.
How are they lining their pockets? Only Obama was crooked enough to accomplish that!
WTF where were you when Obama care become the holy insurance. Americas will be left out with all of you thieves we've been left out
Start telling the truth instead of misleading the public.
We still hate you. You lie and offer decline of America.
My fibromyalgia, psoriatic arthritis & ventricular tachycardia hurts. I live for my kids, but bill is the worst assisted suicide plan ever
If you're retired Navy why do you care about Trumpcare as a vet you have healthcare!
6 active, 15 reserves. No benefits yet.
So a single payer system managed by the same incompetent gov't will work better with 320 million patients receiving healthcare! No way!
You have this confused with Obama Care.
There you go again. Obstruction and resist. No message.
So how many millions of Americans are not able to afford AHC. If you really interested in affordable healthcare you should sign for AHC
I am your constituent. I support your efforts to defeat #Trumpcare @SenGillibrand
"The majority of nursing facilities in Oregon will have to close by 2025 because of Trumpcare." - CEO of Oregon Health Care Association
The CEO of Oregon HCA must be a lying Democrat trying to retire on Obamacare before it dies!
Chuck, there are only 10 million on obamacare, and most of them cannot even use it; do not confuse free Medicaid with Expensive Obamacare

No it doesnt lying Schumer. Its says the ones who aren't insured because their not forced to buy it. Liar. Come on people
You know and so does everyone else that CBO scores never prove themselves to be a credible method of predicting anything. Obsequious Putz
Thank you, Chuck! You are the man.
What if OC was to stay in place; Would you asure, that americans won't loose coverage? Honest answer, not a politician one please.
What a dumb question for a Dem politician. He won't tell the truth! Your premiums will go down $2500 & you can keep your plan & your doctor!
Prove it!!!
No one believes the cbo give it up schumkie
bs
That would be a disaster! Won't hear that from Chuckie!
the CBO is incapable of predicting anything. No faith in them. The couldn't predict the color of the sky if they were looking at it.
And still, he is pushing it to help the rich & get a 'WIN' he can brag about on Twitter. No concern for the rest of us 
What about the millions who have dropped out of Obamacare because they couldn't afford it
Read it all 
How many by their own choice?
So @SenSchumer what did the CBO say about the ACA? With their and your track record, Americans should listen to y'all? Really? #Obstruction
Democrats do not count tax dollars, plan deductions they required as a cost  of their mandatory failing health care system.  Borrowed money
Please stop it. It does not have a heart.
We the Ppl say that is wat ACA did but then it was ok cause it was Dems idea then.
Go get them @SenSchumer .  I am proud that you are my senator.
#TrumpDoesn'tCare
Like Obamacare is doing NOW? #obamacareisFAILING #MAGA #retirechuck #NYdeservesbetter
What's your point? @realDonaldTrump will have his bill with "Heart". The 1%, or the billionaire club will get a huge tax break. #SwampRat
I hope you will be happy when  no vote happens or it fails
After supporting & lying about the disastrous NObamacare, you have zero credibility. #fakenews
Before Obamacare people received medical treatment whether they could afford it or not.  Then came this stupid law that complicate things.
I'm out of insurance now because OBama got involved, where ere you then?
The American people understand money woes.  Tell them they will lose their homes and everything they own if their health fails.
Tens of millions will have a choice.
U couldn't see the OBama Care mess?
Fix it then
You lied in march about trump being investigated. Right after comey told you (gang of 8) he wasn't, you went to the podium and said he was
What a partisan political hack. And millions off of trump care will be millions who make that choice. Nobody "kicked off" liar
And the tens of millions will be happy as they finally won't have to pay for something they don't want
You shore u didn't mean to say obama care Cause that's exactly what u described
Abide by whatever u pass. If it's not good enough for u, then it must not b good for us taxpayers.
Good illegals don't deserve our health care
No one listens to you anymore Chuck.  Your habitual pattern of lying is catching up with you.
Is that as solid as keep your doctor and lower cost with aca
Show us your plan, America is waiting & so is @realDonaldTrump & @GOP. SHOW U.S.!!!!!
Yes, those forced 2 buy #Obamacare
Blah blah blah
Are you crying about it?
Lies! maybe your followers r stupid but most of us aren't! Even CBO admits reason there will b less insured is cause ins won't be mandatory
Those 20 million are made up of people forced to buy healthcare.  Americans should not be penalized for not buying healthcare.  #youchoose
Most of those 20 Mil wanted health insurance.  40 years paying and worth it!They could and should want to make Healthcare better, not worse!
Not true, unless you've spoken to all of them.  Already have worse now.  Can only get better.  They're trying
We will fight this bill,  give whatever it takes to defeat it; in a civil society health care is a right
Health care is not a right. No where does it say so. Many are denied treatments now due to comorbidities and age. So no right.
Chuck. Trump is very busy fighting for the working man. Everyday he goes to the golf course and takes out a 9-iron and fights hard for us. 
where's all this money coming from if the poor are so...poor? Rich getting rich from...poor people? Right....
Been nice if y'all wouldn't have screwed it up to begin with. Dumb !ss...
If the @GOP think #Trumpcare is so great, why don't they give up their free health care and use this instead? 

cc; @JohnCornyn @tedcruz
Noooo .. that was a bipartisan comment actually. ALL of congress should give up their free healthcare & use whatever garbage they give us.
That's not what CBO said, premiums will go down by 2020.. more lies by Schumer!! Next Gruber will be out telling all of us how stupid we are
#DNCFraudLawsuit  #Demexit
Just stop. I asked you at la Guardia airport in February to just give trump a chance. Russia  done. Your party is starting to eat itself.

Lisa Murkowski has room on her voicemail! 

FFS CALL HER!…
So why not put Americans to work and they could buy their own instance?  We don't need the government in our lives anymore than it is

And Obamacare is doing what it was engineered to do: Single Payer.  Dems obstruct in order to complete the plan.
You can't believe anything Liberals say. Their Integrity has been compromised by their own agenda.
CBO nailed the numbers on BerryCare too huh Chucky
What about the other 300+million Chucky?
The CBO should not do a 10 yr projection b/c each yr we work at improving & reducing waste in areas & support other  areas @SenatorLankford
“Senate Dems Stand Up Against Trumpcare after CBO Report Released, June 26, 2017” (15:52)
Very ture #ClownTrumpCare bill is the worst ever the Clown is for the rich only, crook @tedlieu @POTUS @maddow @chrislhayes @ananavarro @nbc
@SenToomey I am so ashamed of you. If this goes through I will make sure that all death notices from this are posted to your website.
Just like @FLOTUS  
Trump has hand-cuffed Lady Liberty to his briefcase. 
@VP @GOP                 
 http://celebsunmasked.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/Melania-Trump-nude-GQ-2.jpg …
Because they're not forced to by it stop lying everyone can read at @USCBO for truth to your BS
Well not for me, it will lower my cost because I work and those that don't will no longer have me paying for their health care.
Leave your manners at home .They cheat please fight dirty
More lies from the disgraceful UpChuck. This POS is the worst or the worst.
Excellent work...xoxo
I hope republicans can see that this affects them too. Even if u don't use ACA it trickles down to all plans. Emploer may not offer. I'm 51.
Just like Obamacare Cryin' Chuck!
So do YOURS and find a way to get your job done or you will be replaced in 2018 by people who are tired of your excuses
I wish you dems would have done the same research before Obamacare was passed. Shows how pathetic you are at your jobs. Dems are a joke!!
The ACA is mandatory and unusable unless getting a free pass. If you have to pay, you lose. Tell the truth Chuck.
But only 9M are covered right now by Obamacare, so how many of those could lose health insurance?
Best to compare and contrast cbo score on Obamacare versus proposed.  How predictive was the cbo and can it be relied on. But u won't!
Higher costs? Less coverage? Been going that way for a long time.
After the disaster you passed that is so called Obama care you got no room to criticize I can't afford that shit either so get it done
#Trumpcare is also unconstitutional, it does not "promote the general welfare"
How do you figure higher costs?? Even "never right anyway" CBO says it brings the deficit down.
Goves tax cut to the rich.
Deficit still coming down......read the sainted CBO report
I hope this fails a vote so both parties can work together on a win for Americans! Healthcare shouldn't be partisan
How about the news of the care saving $321billion dollars which could help this country in other way? Speak the truth Schu Schu.
And if left in place Ocare will continue to force many working families to struggle under its financial burden. Please consider their plight
More lies?
But you have no interest in doing the right thing for the American people except be an #Obstructionists 
Healthcare / Tax Reform refund . So ludicrous wealthiest pay tax then want it back.
 We should send them to Iraq, Afghanistan or Syria.
I think I was on the 7th executive order if we the people do not like government officials they can vote them out immediately
They do NOT care! They care about tax cuts& lining their pockets with money! If a poor child was dying on the street,they would step over it
First ask who mom and dad voted for!!
Now these are the countries going to get ugly I'll bring the big boys in I won't think twice we will kick ass and take names and come home
It's time to be a man and I will tell these other country you don't like us I'll save the military and I'll fight you that's a man
And I as president will call every world leader out if you don't like the United States let the leaders Knuckle Up if they got the balls
Do you want me to keep going Chuck I've got a game plan this time brother God's going to bring it home for me and you can't fight God
Senator, delay this vote by whatever means you can and we will use the time to build resistance and turn key GOP senators. Get us past 7/4!
We're playing the long game, Peter. Best of luck to you.
I understand legitimate concerns abt globalism & economic impacts. Addressing those is not incompatible with progressive & inclusive agenda.

Our military and our police officers live and die by the gun most dangerous job in the world not yours your pencil pushers
GOP donor billionaires won't be happy unless Rand Paul is placated!
6 Executive Order all military personnel and all police officers we'll get free insurance until the day they die wife and kids if
None of you ever discuss the skyrocketing COST of healthcare, lowering those would benefit ALL Americans.
Faith executive order government will be on the same Health Care as any other human being in the United States you're no better
too bad you're a #liar and nothing you say can be believed!
4th executive order no one in government will make more than military or police officers
Why doesn't the health insurance company step in and solve this problem? Where are they in the solution?
Now it's one to two thousand people, wait wait a hundred thousand people will die.
Nobody's buying your b******* Chuck
Hey, this question is for the flunky that reads Chuckles Twitter for him. Why are you not using ACA? You should be on same gov hc as us.
Third executive order term limits
When did you start giving credit to a CBO score? Lol CBO scores were wrong the ENTIRE 8 years of Obama
yep CBO picks and chooses data to push certain narratives. Can't base anything off this report.
@GOP rewarded for bad behavior: shutting down gov't,  nom Trump, and now  rewarded for a mean, nasty #trumpcarekills.
Repeal government from health care...was much better prior to ACA . we had best h/c in the world and dems fucked it up
The second it executive order will be take money away from government give to police departments and Military
If politicians were better stewards of the people's money and stopped so much free stuff, more would buy insurance.  More accountability.
Higher cost than Obama care?? Your friend was a disaster
Obamacare is still in effect.. don't jump to conclusions.For all we know,I,personally would leave it and watch it implode! What say you?C.S.
But if I'm elected president I got a bunch of executive orders the first one we do away with all laws except the Ten Commandments
So filibuster by amendments.
Those millions r already without HC because they can't afford it. CBOs figures are skewed and u know it!
My cancer surviving nephew was just notified he lost his insurance because of insurance market stability concerns. This needs to be fixed.
Lying Chuck
That's exactly what I'm going to do get in each and every one of your face and hope you swing it's self-defense then and I'll stomp at ass
CBO said premiums cut by 30%
With much less coverage.
Talk some sense into the Republican Senators.  They claim to be "Pro-Life".  Throwing 22 million of Health Care is NOT "Pro-Life".
but tax cuts! The people dying are just gonna be the "takers" anyhow.
Why don't you come up with some ideas?
Democratics leadership lack...why can't the Democratics help with the process to make it better for all..#work4amerucans
Weren't allowed. Mitch busy taking from poor to give to the rich.
But other then those two small problems and a host of others, it is a great piece of legislation.
Go have another drink........ your input is not needed...... tell them to get off their asses and get a job no more freebies
I think we already knew that senator. Question is if there's a way to stop this madness from actually happening
Bloody awlful more promised broken by trump and the GOP
.@SenSchumer, what a hell of a country...
not the good kind.  How is this slide to oblivian happening? #SaveOurCountry

Are u sure some of those r not people who WERE FORCED 2 buy it..
Pretty sure it's practically all of the tens of millions.
I can't afford my premiums or deductibles today, I'll take my chances.  It couldn't be any worse.
I wish you were that damn worried about people losing their heath care when Obamacare was passed. " If you like your plan u can keep ur plan
Don't think so better look at the policy again
Y'all are fighting Trump so hard y'all have got something to hide and you're afraid he's going to uncover it you damn right he is
Term limits get out CHUCK YOU ARE BAD FOR BUSINESS
Stay consistent, Chuck, you're doing great.
What are you trying to hide you and the Democrat Party y'all committed treason and y'all trying to cover it up trying to throw the dog off
Let Bernie cover it with his bank loans!!
