Dems say they stand for the taxpayrs but allow illegals to come into the country & expect the taxpayrs to pay for their edu & healthcare
1/2 Ask yourself why they are still allowed to come into this country...both parties have failed willingly.
They come in because Republicans protect the businesses who hire them

In other countries, the real penalties are on business
Not wrist slap
It isn't republicans protecting illegals in sanctuary cities or advocating for benefits for illegals.
Without jobs there is no illegal immigration
You won't find a job in Canada if undocumented because penalty is too high
US penalty a joke
Agreed.  The travesty is that the GOP uses it as a talking point to rile up the base.
Obama and Democrats not only didn't do anything to stop illegals from entering the US they encouraged it.
Migrant workers do more for our economy than they get back.  Can't say that for the corporate tax cheats.  You are mad at the wrong people..
Thanks for continuing to turn your back on your base. Your shutting out &  insults on HRC, our 1st female cand who won popular vote by more
than any other President, & allowing @BernieSanders free rein speaks volumes to Dem women, who've had enough of the sexism. Thanks 4 showing
young girls/woman who thought "I can do that" & us older ladies who thought "finally", that our own party doesn't care about us.
She was a warmongering liar and because of it lost to a game show host
You seem nice.
I am thanks 
Just not capable of understanding my point. I don't care if you like her or not, stop bashing bc it's
alienating a large group of us, get rid of Bernie & move the fuck on.
Wrong, @SenSchumer. But my frustration with this BS isn't for a tweet. Talk to more of the base, and leave Sanders out of it.
I went to 1 of HRC rally & I heard exactly what she stood for & I agreed with her whole heartedly.  Don't know where/what @SenSchumer heard.
Quite a disconnect—I think people heard/read what media said and we know how well that worked out.
Exactly! Not to mention the media covered ALL of Trumps rally's and practically NONE of Hillary's.
yeah about that, she never held a candle to Bernie's crowds! She had to pay and bribe people to go!
I didn't start out a fan of Clinton but became one 100%; the opposite w Sanders. I can't stand him now. Moving on.
Was happy that Hillary was never a sycophant desperate for big crowds kept her venues small.  More intimate
Really? Truth was she was boring! Did not have Bills charisma. Came across as 4 more yrs of Obama's gloom & doom.
No Chuck, #1 thing was putting Hillary on the ticket because she "deserved" it. She was a disaster, you knew it.
Respectfully Senator this isnt helpful, nor are your Russia comments. Hillary stood for a lot. The majority knew everything she stood for.
We knew @HillaryClinton for heaping piles of corruption in front of voters during the 2016 election season.
No the one thing you all did wrong was NOT to tell the TRUTH...YOU HAVE LIED TO US FOR DECADES !
2016. Spot the difference.
 
No donations & no votes for Dems until you fight aggressively for #SinglePayer #universalhealthcare
HRC said that because of Republicans. Hillary Clinton does want #UniversalHealthcare or #SinglePayer
No, we knew what @HillaryClinton stood for. Women's rights, LGBT rights, healthcare, wage equity
Wrong move Schumer. Why do Dems insist on shooting themselves on the foot. Smh
Schumer is awful at unity. So tired of white straight male leadership. Schumer is out of touch with the resistance.
I'll help, things Democrats stand for
1.  resist Trump at all cost
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
And
Mr. Schumer,I hope you have the magic wand for dem becuz at the rate you are going-U may need a brand new base in 18 & '20.Keep bashing HRC
Keep it up, but greater need IMO is focus on voter suppression, gerrymandering & safeguarding elec
.@SenSchumer your Hillary bashing is not only counter productive it is wrong. Until you apologize this New Yorker will no longer support you
Call him tomorrow. We all are going to. Apparently, his staff thinks he hit a homerun, while the base is considering leaving the party.
We need to take back the party from the likes of @SenSchumer - we need to support #StrongerTogether not bash HRC #Resist
Sad thing is, this plan is basically Hillary's agenda. Even "better deal" is straight from her announcement speech. And Schumer dumps on her
Incredible isn't it? Well, it's sexism.
Yes I'm here for that,go DEMS
DISAGREE. HRC *did* articulate what Dems stand for, damnit.  And now?  Dems have had to push back on DT all the time just to slow the chaos!
Mostly Dem WOMEN are doing the heavy lifting. 86% of #TheResistance is women. But otherwise, UR 100% correct. The men are out bashing HRC. 
And a HELL of a lot of #TheResistance women are boomer-age (Like me). The same generation as the woman who won 3M more votes than Man-Child
HRC did. And the number one thing was Republicans 1. Treason 2. Cheating 3. Did win popular 4. Electoral college failure. Stop the blame.
Ding Dong the Wicked Witch is DEAD! Relegated to history's trash pile.
That's strange because I knew exactly what Hillary and Dems stood for and that's why I voted for Hillary.
Absolutely. I miss Hillary's leadership and the promise it brought.
Including Russia & Middle East disaster?
Show on TV trumps flip flops of policy, for gay, for women, and now proposing legislature to hurt them. More spent on Viagra than transgende
Ask base what direction for Dems-Medicare for all, affordable college,stopping climate chg.,protections from corps & WS, jobs.
I understood what she stood for, I supported it, majority supported it. Gerrymandering,voter suppression,Crosscheck, media, Russia.
why is @SenSchumer parroting gop talking points? we did have a mssg STRONGER TOGETHER, which happens 2B underlying theme of #TheResistance
Since JFK the DEM. party has been for itself NOT THE PEOPLE OR THE COUNTRY !
We know what you stand for, and who you stand against.
We know what you stand for...Free stuff for everybody...open borders...killing babies....Go f$!#k yourself!!!!!
Actually, you did tell them. They don't believe you anymore. Time for new leaders who might have chance to gain trust. You lost it, Chuck
This is completely false and needlessly divisive. I (and many others) heard HRC's message through the noise. Bashing Ds is self-defeating.
You need to stop attacking your candidate and be supportive. Hillary couldn't get press to focus on her plans. She had to post on website.
Truth is HRC was so sheltered she was unable to explain her positions. Came across she couldn't. Bernie could. Trump could.
With all due respect senator the Democrats new plan sound like a bunch of bullshit how it that going to fix the working poor neighborhoods
Raising wages! Supporting unions. Vs. GOP bringing 15K foreign low wage workers.
Supporting family planning, low cost child care, education. This is Dem platform.
It's kind of hilarious, in a not really funny way, that WE have to tell Schumer, Perez & Bernie what the Dem platform is & who Dem base is.
True
"Tools for the 21st Century" sounds like any other generic slogan. It's not gonna work. "Lower Costs" it's not even clear what u mean... 
I don't need a slogan to know Dems stand for affordable healthcare, balanced budgets, sensible gun control, LGBTQ rights, enviro and women
If you can read and are an educated voter, people would know Democrats are the only decent party choice available and support human rights
Lmao ! Corrupt Maxine Waters , hire illegals @NancyPelosi , pretend your an indian @elizabethforma are honest ? What are you smoking lady ?
But "Susan" forgot Hillary's emails & conveniently forgot tRumps treasonous involvement w/Russia - apples and , NO comparison. NICE TRY
If U think the Russians so dangerous why would Ur Party sell Putin Uranium? that is criminal and session needs to order investigation asap
Dude.
We always know what you stand for.
You've said it loud and clear for a long time.
Rebrand if you like but it'll be "more of the same".
That's because u stand for ur selves: Schumer, Clinton, and Pelosi, not the American people. The party of the elite...
We are the ones paying the GOV, why should we have to make a "Better Deal"? now, I like the #MAGA message better. AMERICA FIRST!!!
Sen Schumer is finally right, hrc'ers need to look at hrc for the real reasons she lost so many dem states.
Democrats "sat down" eight years for #Bush - not a single #Hearing or #Vote on #35ImpeachmentArticles https://www.opednews.com/articles/An-American-Chilcot-Report-by-Lance-Ciepiela-Articles-Of-Impeachment_Chilcot-Report_George-W-Bush_Iraq-War-160714-948.html … #crime #fraud
Who has done more every time when asked for Democratic Party? This is how you repay her, disgraceful & now tRump is using ur talking points
Had u all came out & pointed out the witch hunt & Powell her predecessor set up. He turned over 0 emails when asked.
Bringing up Comey was a dig at her in case u try & say u were saying something else
You lost the congress 2 years before Sec Clinton ran in 2016. 1st women to win 3+ mil more votes. If ur thinking of running no vote
Did u & Biden not call her a friend? Please enlighten us why you, Bernie & Biden seem unable to wipe the sexism from your eyes?
Sec Clinton's platform: Health care, infrastructure, environment, equality, security net for our elderly, empathy, living wage, etc
Wrong! We the People know exactly what you stand for. That's why we voted for @realDonaldTrump
no the people know what u stand for that is why they keep voting u out of power
Insult me one more time, Schumer.
Democrats have always stood for Bigger Government, crowding out better jobs.
Nobody is nasty/attacker like Trump. Dems wld need to copy with snarky quips w 3-4 bulldogs spread out on all stations everyday.
@HillaryClinton 

http://onwardtogether.org 

     ~~

#StillWithHer
#WeThePeople  
#StrongerTogether 
#OnwardTogether
He finally gets it!
And yesterday was the same old blah blah. Talk about how you will work with specific industries to create jobs & help country.
Great start owning up to the fault  with the message and messenger, now plan and move forward
Brilliant. Maybe if we blame ourselves hard enough the actual issues will go away. Putin. Bernie splitting the left. Misogyny.
You told us, #Abortions, #ObamaCare, Bigger Government, More control over the population, more regulations for Businesses, higher Taxes etc.
No Chuck, Clinton was clear as day about what she stood for. But the media ignored it, looking for ratings. Emails my ass...she won. Period
You know, Hillary had a great plan and she tried to be heard over the din of misogyny. Now you pile on. You are as bad as Sanders.
Nope.
Oddly Schumer has so much time to keep saying Democrats don't have a message but had so little to help voice Hillary's STRONG message. Jerk.
@SenSchumer  you have been in office for how long !? People don't know what you stand for !?  Dude......
Bwahahaha! I am sorry, I heard Hillary tell the nation exactly what the Dems stood for..... & it scared the hell out of me...
Pres. calls Dem. legislators "sleazy." @SenSchumer won't stand up to him, but he'll throw Sec. @HillaryClinton under the bus. #disappointed
Strongest candidate in my lifetime.  I've never been so proud to vote for anyone in my life as I wasfor HRC. Stop doing this.
Sit down. we know what she stood for, so we voted for her.
Hillary told us what you stand for
the number one thing you did wrong is allow the party to become completely beholden to wall st
Because you guys didn't know what you stood 4 you stand4 Wall Street corporate donors and the rich. I bet you're a multi-millionaire Chuck
The majority of the party has forgotten what we stand for! It's #RepublicanLite and nobody wants to drink it!
Media didn't cover Sec Clinton's rallies once nor her message! You know that
No one tells Bernie or Biden to go away & they lost
Why do u have Bernie as the face of the party while he strikes out against you. He is not a democrat. Is it sexism or something else?
does this mean you working to enact single payer for the american people
That is not true. No candidate in history has had so many unprecedented lies thrown at them & yet still won 3+ million more votes
Even if there is merit to what you're saying here, there is none in your saying it.  You've given the pile of orangutan dung ammo. Bad idea.
That's BS and a move worthy of Trump! We knew what we stood for. Still do. Why are you confused?
Republicans symbol ELEPHANT charge forward strongly and united
We lost because of ass Democratic politicians like CHUCKY who don't put party first. Hence the Democratic symbol DONKEY ASS
Instead, you lied or plainly said "You'll have to pass it to see what's in it",And then shoved another Govt. entitlement law down our throat
No job, no trip, no girlfriend
because all u stand 4 is criminal behavior and cheat the little guy so u can live high on the hog. never care until u lose control of house!
PS. if you start pandering to Bernie and the Bros you lose 2/3 of your base.We will walk. We will form a women's party, and we will beat you
You didn't, maybe. Hillary did.  Repeatedly. Tragically, she lacked a penis and a penchant for spewing hate so no one covered her policies.
What about better wages for seniors on SS. They have been thrown under the bus since Reagan. Will their wages go up past $824 a month?!
Your public admonishment of H is obvs attempt to make yourself likable to certain factions. You running will hurt not help dems. #misogyny
Message should be AMERICA STRONG. Stronger together-built from the success of HRC. She laid the foundation, won the pop vote. Build on it!
How could you slam Hillary Clinton when she had to deal with Russian cyber campaign and Comey's bizarre logic?? Seriously, HER fault??
@SenSchumer right. Dems didn't tell ppl what they stood for. Failed to talk about Clintons speeches & her 40+ policies in support of HRC.
No message? What about this?
Then we had the fake Dem tearing her down when she won the primary. It's a wonder she won the popular vote with the hate talk from many.
@SenSchumer she was the most prepared candidate! She had detailed plans for everything!  I know what the party stands for do you?
How do you figure that?HRC was pretty clear about this very topic.It was laid out for all to read. Maybe fellow Congress didn't support her?
Russia invaded & usurped our election and democracy and you say that plays no part! Delete your account #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion

Wrong!
Yes you did, and it was disgusting.
The "problem" IS we know what you stand for! You suck!
Quit throwing Hillary under the bus. She won by 3 million votes if this screwed up system was honest!
Hillary couldn't have been more clear: affordable college/ $15 min wage/new energy investment./infrastructure Did u sleep thru the campaign?
Funny, I understood what we stood for! Funny also that Hillary Clinton received 3 million more votes than the idiot who won!
The problem with the democrats is they CAN'T tell people what they're for since the country is not close to wanting Socialism
1) People knew what Bernie stood for. 2) Bernie woulda won!
Yeah right,  your loss had nothing to do w the piles of corruption voters had to endure from the DNC & @HillaryClinton. Factor that in.
I'm Still With Her. You, not so much since your comments beginning Sunday.
Why are you parroting anti-Democratic Party propaganda?
Admission is the first step to recovery.
Schumer has taken the 1st step, will the rest of Democrats follow suit?
When people vote for a man who thinks it is okay to grab women "by the pussy" like they're meat, the problem is MISOGYNY, plain and simple.
Thanks @SenSchumer for letting me and 68M+ OTHER Americans know that what we all heard from @HillaryClinton was just a hallucination.
Ok tell us now
Oh we Americans know full well what you stand for and that's why you have no majorities in any area of government.
Did I get it right? Dems are going to fix the rest of my economic status like they fixed my health care? Repeal Obamacare! #BetterPizza
DIsgusted w/D's negating HRC getting more votes than anyone except BO. Chuck may lack a message but Hillary didnt
#WeHeardHillarysMessage
I want you guys to take over in 2018 but that thing you did today was lame. Embarrassing presentation. Mr Rogers runs for City Council.
you didn't stand for nothing when Hillary http://lost.You  still don't get it.This is why the democrats are going to lose again
because y'all stood for your donors. and guess what. you don't get another chance. especially when you counter with lobbyists like #Perez
With the Presidency in political chaos it was disheartening and quite frankly, wrong, for you to lay the blame on Dem messaging and HRC.
Calling BS on this ! Dump Bernie and his misogynistic bros. He IS NOT a Dem.
So you've completely disregarded Russian interference & just blame HRC?Thanks for feeding DJT talking points. How #Cowardly of u! Despicable
You threw HRC under the bus! Very disappointed! She had a message but the congress didn't really help her!
You still aren't. How about actual bold policy and a STRONG, clear, unmistakable message? "Best" and "Great" are a start. "Better" = insipid
Clinton didn't lose because emails were hacked,it was the content in the emails which Americans drew disgust for and she should be in jail.
BS! We all knew what the Dems stood for, and Hillary's platform was clear. Russian influence on every GOP elected in 2016 that lost it.
I call#bullshit @SenSchumer! Stop #apologizing. #Dems did NOTHING WRONG. #hillary won by 3M #votes! Focus on #crosscheck and #Russia PLEASE
The number one thing you did wrong is let a non Democrat Bernie hijack our party
you would have lost by a larger margin if you told the TRUTH about what you stood but TRUTH is not in your Democratic Platform
#NODEAL
Disagree, HRC told people, the media refused to cover it.
Because the only thing they were for was destroying President Trump!
Really? I listened to Hillary telling me in great detail what she stood for- for years! 
We didn't cheat to win.
MSM used Trump for ratings!
Bullshit
If you want to stand for something, stop standing on the necks of hard working American people.  Tax relief, regulatory relief. Move aside.
Once Bernie was allowed to run on democratic dime and time, that hurt us. Plus the MSM was controlled by trump and Russian propaganda.
HRC told ppl Dems policy; GOP busy w email noise; not enuf response from Dem ldrshp in kind. How abt CrossCheck? HRC was not the problem.
#stillWithHer @HillaryClinton always and forever #clintonite
Finally, we get some honesty from @SenSchumer.   It's a start.
Looks as though @SenSchumer is following the same style of messaging as Trump and bashing his own party.
hmmm...do you think Schumer is considering a run for the WH in 2020? I always thought he was one of those you could never fully depend on.
I can't imagine how he'd even carry New York, his home state.
Yes we did Chuck but if those who voted for orange Hitler were stupid to listen, what can you do? Oh And keep ignoring voter suppression too
Shut up, Chuck.
George is a dnc operative and abc is a joke
I'm really disappointed by these statements.
You've the flawed assumption that Republicans actually won elections legitimately… #InterstateCrossCheck #VoterID
.@SenSchumer tells @GStephanopoulos: "The number one thing that we did wrong is we didn't tell people what we stood for." #ThisWeek 
That only a fraction of what you did wrong!
Stop that nonsense.
No, the number one thing you did wrong is you didn't stand for anything.
Going after Hillary was a mistake.  And so is your asinine campaign.  You just slapped the majority of your party who love and respect her.
Hillary's message: jobs, improve Obamacare, free college tuition, improve Environment, etc. Not included: collusion with Russia.
@MSNBC @CNN
#FakeNews #Gaslighting #PrimarySchumer
Senator Schumer! Why Would You Attack Hillary Clinton Like That? I Have Always Knew What WE STOOD FOR! "STRONGER TOGETHER" Apologize!
Really tone deaf on this - bad move.
The number one thing we did wrong is keep you in office. Time for you to go pops.
Repeal and Replace Leader Schumer
You need to clean this up! She won the popular vote, dont forget or discredit that. Get ur msg out but dont disparage her or we the voters!
I guess I hallucinated the Convention speeches, called "overprepared" in the debates, the site+book full of policy. Stop navel gazing!
and stop insulting your base. We won pop vote: Shore us up and go full speed ahead, let us speak louder. Stop belittling & sidelining us.
Republicans do not publicly self-flagellate to their detriment like this. It's bad politics that stirs up bad blood. Shooting us in the foot

Live in formerly blue PA county.It's not Dem message. What I hear in checkout,read in LTE,is misogyny,racism, &pure MISINFORMATION,guns, god
Still doing that wrong.
Try standing for #SinglePayer and #overturncitizensunited and avoid #DemExit @DWStweets @NancyPelosi @GovHowardDean
HRC DID TELL PEOPLE WHAT WE STOOD FOR!! Stop throwing HRC & her campaign under the bus! SHAME ON YOU! #SHEPersisted #StillWithHER!
What the hell is Schumer talking about?? WHAT? He must have spent the campaign admiring his tan!
Democrats never say what they are for, they always lie about what Republicans will do to scare people into voting DEM.
That's the party leaders fault not those of us that are activists who march, call,use social media & donate $$ to support democratic ideals
Good for you senator!! We need to quit worrying about Trump and get stuff done for the working class and take care of our less fortunate.
...the investigations will take care of trumps corrupt regime and his policy of"make the rich richer" will surely fail under its own weight.
You and Bernie Sanders can kiss my ass. You forget that Hillary Clinton has a wider base than Sanders. Why are you pandering to him?
Not true. Clinton stated over and over what she stood for. If you discount the Russian involvement as a factor, D's will continue to lose.
With so much Russian interference, it is hard to say Dems lost and tRump 'won'. It's not winning if you cheat.
Shame on you. Look who is passing the blame now, @SenSchumer. I know what HRC and dems stand for even if you do not.
I thought the Dem message was very clear. And I am !! Why gloss over racism, sexism, protectionist nationalism and  sabotage of HRC?
wtf Problem was NOT the message. Ever listen to HRC speak? You dismiss racism, sexism, voter suppression, & media manipulation. Bash the GOP
2. But the msg has always been there, loud and clear for those willing to open their ears and read. It's not "owned" by others.
Incorrect @SenSchumer. 1. Dems have always delivered their message/what you state is nothing new to the party..delivery has been an issue
We knew their message. We didn't want it. #MAGA
People don't like Evil Hillary. #HillaryForPrison  We will never forget her lies. #Benghazi #deletedemails #privateserver #Ionlyhadonephone
You failed to tell People the TRUTH!  #ObamaCare = ALL LIES!  #DemsFault #TotalFailure #Corrupt #SpendLess #BalanceBudget #ReduceDebt #MAGA!
Chuckie, u stand4open borders, lawlessness, sanctuaries 4criminals, entitlements4able-bodied, gun cont, sharia take-over!! New slogan=MAGA
We all know what the Dem party stands for...resist, lie, obstruct and deny! The world is laughing at us because of your anti-American acts!
Do NOT through @HillaryClinton under the bus to save yourself. HRC was always clear and articulate. You @SenSchumer are not.
You aren't going to have a success by throwing HRC and her supporters under the bus.
Don't bother, we know what you stand for & it isn't America! @potus wants America to succeed while you liberals keep trying to bring us down
I love watching the dem civil war happen before my eye.
What you stand for is worse than what you say you stand for...
Maybe the Party didn't, but HRCdid--at every rally & during any debate in which mod asked.Stop blaming her for failure of media to get real.
Why is it white progressive (?) males believe that women & PoC are so stupid that we didn't know or understand HRC and/or PBO policies.
@SenSchumer thank u for your hard work, a mess in DC now,  what about self employed?  economic uncertainty under 45 is messing w business
Aka they have ignored voters and feel bad about constantly losing. How about out of touch with reality?
After watching you Dems for many yrs we know what Uall stand for an majority doesn't want U PPL in charge of anything anymore.GFYS's.
We know what you were standing for
Oh no you we know what you guys stand for that's why we voted for Trump Schumer.  you have it all wrong and you still don't get it
