It's those very leech feeding bones that's driving this country straight to hell!  No more refugees! #nomorerefugees
Legal immigrants & seniors TRUST Pres Trump God & protect  Pres Trump from evil doers MABUHAY
As long as you are personally willing to guarantee they're not terrorists, ok. By personally I mean with your life and that of your family
WE WORK. Giving out freebies promotes laziness!
. If we want to fuel our economy in the future we need growth of younger members in the workforce immigration can be the solution
True, but to really fuel the economy to the 3% growth Trump is calling for, we don't/won't have enough bodies to get there. Boomers retire.
Protecting American people from terrorism is a distant second to your desire to import unvetted people looking to vote 4 dem handout party.
You work for the American Citizens not the world's refugees. Get a clue or keep losing. It's your choice. America has made its choice #MAGA
I think we all welcome lawful refugees
As long as we know they will not become a problem

How many more rapists are you gonna let in?
Overwhelmingly, vast majority are born and bred right here.  Wake up
Are u gonna let them live with u? Or do u even know what the real world is like? I'm gonna take a guess and say no!
No it's not
Welcoming refugees who are documentable and who desire to enjoy the 'American Dream' and assimilate into OUR CULTURE!!!
Mass #Immigration doesn't help longterm

"Immigration, World Poverty and Gumballs - http://NumbersUSA.com "
https://youtu.be/LPjzfGChGlE 
We need to put all 21.3 million of them around your house Schumer. You HYPOCRITE. The only thing in your bones is socialism. Get lost.
Hummn...I don't think so! The threat is there for ppl to come in and harm us... why @realDonaldTrump Inacted sec 8 us code 1132
yes people who love the USA - not potential enemy combatants
Well of course. U think the INTENT is to take in killers & criminals? But after EVERY crises USA shows compassion & helps ppl in need.
And we still do. The problem is most of these "refugees" aren't fleeing crisis or persecution, but are simply economic migrants.
Really? But refugees r refugees. U think it's easy leaving ur homeland, extended family to go to a foreign country?
What about the homeless here? Screw them?
Wow, who said we do nothing about homeless but what r we doing now. The world is a tough place but we need to try & help those in need.
Will take more refugees if we can do an exchange for you.
Welcome them into your home town, not mine, if you want them so bad. You have protection around you, what do you care about rest of us. Fool
Help them fix the problems in their country so they don't have to leave, simple.
1st world leaders install dictators in other countries for their own political gains. That's why they push for open borders.
2/
And they will all be on Medicaid and receive government welfare, ebt and subsidize housing.
I can't afford surgery and have missing teeth but YOU give THEM freebies galore! There is a special place in hell for you, Chuckles!
Why I'm a Democrat:  There is no political upside to this statement.  

A Democrat speaks out for refugees because it's the right thing.

U ARE RICH, HAVE THEM IN YOUR HOME CHUCKIE
Look at the immigrants who landed at Ellis Island; they helped make this country great; 21.3M will also.
Sadly Islam refuses to enlighten into the 21st-century these insane cultish beliefs spread like wildfire destroying enlightened countries.
Yes but the refugees from our past didn't want to kill us
Stop stop stop. The US has accepted more immigrants and refugees than any country in the world and you know it.
Missing the point?
So,  what is the point?
The point is that there r so many wars & so many we r involved in that there is a great need to help more.
Disagree,  IF  the French and the British had not arbitrarily drawn lines in the ME , we wouldn't have the wars. ..
To the ppl caught in wars, it doesn't matter who did what. They need safety, food & medicine. We can help.
We have,  more than any nation in the world. What has the UN done with our money?  Nothing.
I agree we have done the most. There is still more to do.
Resettled them somewhere else!! Your job is to protect CITIZENS!!! If ISIS did something to your family it would be different
***Cryin Chucky is Rich Jew. He wouldn't live amongst 3rd world immigrants/refugees if his life depended on it. No, he wants YOU to do that!
"Cryin Chucky",Head Dem Clown, Still Cryin over election losses!  This Lying Crook needs to be spit in his face - he'd NEVER house refugees
Yeay, the left wants us to be like the Uk. Want our children killed like in Manchester and elsewhere. Vetting of immigrants from middle east
You have been in office too long. Stop impeding our progress and the improvements pres Trump is bringing with fake news. Term limits !!!!
Americans first! We've taken in enough refugees. No more!
A jew welcoming muslims..youre so full of crap its almost hysterical...but really it aint...just go back to crying SCHMUCKY!!!!
#maga
Let them live in your house. We don't need them here, our country has enough problems and homeless
#CRYINGCHUCK we need to STOP! until we can have immigrants come to OUR Country. Safely   For them and #TheAmericanPeople 
We have enough Schumer. You lost Georgia and South Carolina tonight, you liberals have no issues.
Do it LEGALLY!! Refugees need thorough background checks so we don't end up like Europe..
Then maybe you should open your home to them.  See how that turns out for your family.
Love the idea of solving problem at their home territory. Safe zones seem best. Clean up the mess in Middle East created by ur party.
not if we can help it
Why are @democrats @senatedems fighting like hell to bring terror to our streets. You oppose vetting and want an open door policy. Fools
Ok.....but only after they pass through Ellis island....
You don't give a fuck about them. Give them our money, food & jobs. They give you votes and power. #SchumerIsVoldemort #MAGA #TheLeftIsLost
Dems only want it because they need someone to support SSA instead of removing the top limit, giving it to illegals instead of reforming it
Chuckie, Handel just won! S.C. went Republican. Are you getting the hint yet?
Where is your concern for American citizens who are paying for your refugee pipe dream
had lots of "unaccompanied minors" aka MS13 settled near me.  They're killing the locals...Your policies are dangerous and get people killed
No way #Schumer will care about your very real & terrifying ordeal. Your story doesn't fit his agenda. Sorry you have to deal with this
Refugee Resettlement should be in your neighborhood and the Hamptons
Yeah they're going to hear castle first Chucky Chucky
NWO DEMOCRAPS ARE HYPOCRITES.

I THINK EVERY DEMOCRAT IN THE HOUSE & SENATE SHOULD SET AN EXAMPLE & TAKE INTO THEIR HOMES AS MANY REFUGEES AS THEY CAN ..OR SHUT THE F UP
Wake up Chuckie this is 2017. As you liberals continue to say we need to create laws balanced by today's happenings.
Take them to your house Chuckie!
Why don`t you go to Syria and do something about it Schumer. Talk w/ the leader of ISIS to try to strike a deal.
We do not need more of those ignorant people like you in the U.S.
Not anymore. Retire! You American Tax Payer LEACH!
The Founding Fathers came to America with plans to start a new life. Not plans to bring their old lives with them. #StopSharia
So we can have lots of mass murdering like London? Why are dims such brain dead zombies?
You are bad for America that is in your bones
So take all 21 million of them chuck, u can solve the problem at once! Once u take those, in 10 years, there will be 20 million more.
You take he refugees in your home and your children's homes first.
How many refugees have you taken in at your house?  Your neighborhood?
Yes, America's history was written by refugees, but most of those weren't interested in killing all of us when they got here. #WRD2017
No it's not.
Keep them all out. Every single one of them. Or let them stay with you
Let them go back and fight for there country like we have. Seems like they are cowards! Run to a different country instead of fighting.
Protecting Americans comes far before refugees
Except for people coming from countries where they cannot be properly vetted. Just do your job and chuck and stop being an obstructionist
He didn't "see the point" she needed to learn how to keep a house, she was 11 yrs old, that is NOT assimilating!
The kids do to the point the parents allow, but I had a girl come out for volleyball got exceptions of hijab and long pants, Father said no
Refugees and immigrants are not 1 in same. My GGP immigrated from Germany they MADE my Gma speak English because she was American not German
These men need to stay and fight for their own country's. Why our men are fighting their war?
Let all you liberals donate and take in refugees. Why should my hard earned money help anyone but our homeless, our veterans, and our ill?
It's not in our best interests by any means to radical Islamic in as you would like
But with so many unemployed Americans shouldn't we set priorities? This subject is deeper than most people think.
No, it's not in our bones to give away our tax money to refugees who want to illuminate our way of life #Trump keep us safe #DrainTheSwamp
Refugees and killers are 2 different things.
Mr Schumer. With a good vetting system in place, America will welcome them. Without that, we will welcome attacks on Americans
Don't you see what's going on in Europe? Are you blind?
LET THEM LIVE IN YOUR HOUSES
Good let the Arab countries step up to the plate
No matter how many people they kill!
HELL NO .! NOT IN THIS AGE.. Let's TAKE CARE OF OUR VET & HOMELESSNESS. I CANT AFFORD TO MY TAXES TO GO UP TO FEED AN OUTSIDER
Only those who love America and will vote Republican, support and defend the Constitution and the Republic. And become an American citizen
if they come here legally great, if they come here otherwise and your for ut, have them stay in your back yard
No refugees if they are not proven to be good people to all people, and willing to work,not live here on my &your TAX $!
Why R they refugees? Because they can get free everything here and not have to work for it! U house them with Ur pay! Not tax payers $$!
And majority vote Democrat!
Yes legally swear allegiance to America assimilate to American customs speak English & yes we r a Christian nation
No more refugees demos created the refugees problem with their failure to act with #Aleppo build safe places in their country not ours
You can't take care of your constituents but you want to help refugees ... you are disgusting
I'm speaking up...NOT IF THEY R TERROISTS!!!!
Stick it Chucky where the sun don't shine
Can't do this now, too much terrorism.
Maybe we should Resettle them in your neighborhood, Oh wait, we can't cause you live in a bubble world, Liberals just don't get it still..
Refugees now are not the same as Refugees from a long time ago, these ones have agendas and Liberals still don't understand that...
Some say, The USA show compassion, tell that to London England and Paris Fr, things are changing and Liberals will find out sooner or Ltr
And...? You don't get it. Stop the bullsh*t. Start legislating and shut-up. You obstruct and resist all...
Deport all refugees back to their own country !!!
We have people living on the streets here (Vets)
You jackass start with Americans first!!!
As long as they are legal and vetted.
Depends on who and where.
Best way to solve refugee crisis is to STOP YOUR WARS THAT CREATE THEM. #wrd2017
If they do not assimilate into our country and way of life, we will end up like Europe.
Let's send them to your house!!!!! Take care of our Veterans that are dying while waiting to get help !!!!!! You people are worthless
All About Votes Schumer! Bringing Them to The Poorest Cities is Insane!
Chucky they must be well vetted immigrants wake up and join the living
Well Chucky!  Biggest difference is I want LEGAL, not ILLEGAL "refugees! Seems history shows LEGALS join our culture & pay. Ur's do not !
Speak up for Kate! You Hypocrite!
Help Americans First !!!!!!!
-Lets put them in Crown Heights, Bensonhurst, Riverdale, and the Upper East Side.
Let them live with you tough guy with all your security !!!
How about we take care of our own first Chuck?  Let's give vets what they need and deserve! Are you ever on the right side of an issue?!?!?!
What gives you the right to use my tax paying dollars to help people that want to kill us. Weve got our own . Sick and poor and homeless.
You sure have a bleeding heart 4 people from other countries what own people I work for the State and illegals has broken the system
How many of these refugees are you paying for with your own money chuck?
You are conflating immigration and illegal immigration to refugees. Sad and dangerous game you play.
inv ite the 21million over to your house Chucky
you dork--the point isn't immigrants ,it is illegals and terrorist potential. try being honest and not distort. Have you lost ur mind ??
Legally and vetted. Not running over borders like thieves in the night.
Hypocrite take care of the homeless ,  the  deprived  in this country. The hungry and  homeless  children.
You were responsible for that incident. DON'T YOU EVER SPEAK OUT ABOUT REFUGEES AND IMMIGRATION AGAIN!
I say they all move to your town @SenSchumer
Naw, we don't need anymore. Let em stay where they are. All we have to do is look at the impact they've had on Europe.
All we need to do is think of the children and the many refugee heroes who have helped our troops even saved their lives !
Examples if Republicans disappeared our Planet will be Peaceful and harmonious!
The only dangerous in the Planet Earth are Republicans! Arrogant, Racist, Narcissistic, Self centered, to many to writes!
Put your $$ where your mouth is. U've got millions.U want them here so bad.Then take um in2 UR home until they get a job or take ur head!
refugees would rather stay in their homeland, need to work with other nations to make their homes safe so they can stay, much better option
Looking for more voters huh Chuckie
You FOOL. Look at London. JIHADIS have sworn 2 use our immigration system 2 bring caliphate HERE, YOU FOOLISH DOLT. U R endangering US ALL.
your side made them refugees to begin with,Obama foreign policy was worst ever,left world burning with no direction or leader
YOU R turning AMERICA into LONDON! But, mind you, we ARE not Londoners. AMERICANS will NOT allow that insanity here. Americans will stop it.
What would happened if Trump parents not allowed to enter America?
I suggest NY take them all
If they are here legally and fully vetted then this is not an issue. If not then it is.
And btw Senator Schumer. .you are a bozo.
NO...The DNC has doubled our country's debt...no more freebies for refugees in the U.S. NO more illegals. Enough is enough!
Such A Fake Schumer!
Set up safe zones in their own country. Men aged 17》50 should be fighting for their own country's right to be safe & free from tyranny.
The world is changing Chuck Schumer, and not always for the best! Vetting refugees is essential. Conditions for entry must be established.
Democrates!
How many in your house? Using our tax dollars to get ur vote from refugees is in your bones!
Schumer, you're an idiot.  Many refugees are criminals.  We have enough criminally thugs in the US already!!
I'd first speak up for low-to-middle class legal American citizens who need help to make a good life in our country. Why won't you?
They don't want to move! They want there freedom back!
But u fail to take care of the Citizens first. We r  sick of your bs. Do your job!!!!
So screw our vets and homeless here right? Oh and by the way I'm not cool with u giving them my hard earned tax dollar! None of us are!
Why resettle. Let them rebuild and fight for their own country. The only true solution for these people.
Stop chuck. They don't follow our constitution or our culture until they do keep them out!
Have you visited Berlin or London lately?
Chuck this would be a great cause if you cared about American citizens as much! But you don't, so go have a good cry!
And 1182
Illegal immigrants are a kick to the face of immigrants who have been waiting in line
Look at London!  You fool!  We don't want that here!  Do you care at all about Americans?
Remember... MS-13 has a thriving business on Long Island. Be sure you speak about that
Omg then u house them u fool! Bring more terror here. Resign schumer
Mr Schumer when you allow refugees in your neighborhood we can talk, until then try to remember who you work for, how you can be voted out.
They need the be vetted and quarantined like my ancestors were first. Open boarders and just letting anyone in was and is not the way.
Thank Jimmy Carter for that
