Did he say anything insane and unbelievable ? I'm sure sometimes he must be normal
To bad you guys have to pay for your education. Ain't the right chucky. Lmao
3 perverts https://twitter.com/Cernovich/status/865620728128745473 …
rice need grand jury for domestic spying chuck
You are not good for America. Needs to be voted out.
President Trump making peace at the Islamic and American Summit. Love and support President Trump.

https://youtu.be/O0B6RenUm2w 
This is cruel and unamerican
Lucky grads to have you address them!

Fact is you are not for the American ppl In one Fail Swoop you take bribes by many corporations that harm the middle class
Why would you want to ruin such a wonderful celebration with a clown like you?
Stick it Chucky you bum
Special Prosecuter?   WTF  SCHUMER. HYPOCRIT MUCH?
Taking advantage to talk about politics in one event is only to celebrating and like always . You don't have respect for American people's
he be like, you re not my ppl unless you follow the rich democratic way
Now the real world, where no one will put up with snowflakes.

every day chuckboy becomes sader n sader,as a man whom time has come ,MR PRESIDENT PLEASE PUT TIME LIMENTS ON ALL GOV PEOPLE ,HOUSE N SEN.
Did you stress the importance of communities  giving up gun rights and taking in Islamic extremism? You and Amy suck. Traitors.
Are any of theses graduates going to help upper NYS revive?
are you teaching them how to a hypocrite and make money like u?
Of all People, Chuck Schumer to lecture Young College Grades on Honesty and Humility . SMH!

I would have wished for a better speaker. At least one that could speak to ethical morals.
I didn't realize that was a Clown College.. did they give u a special degree Chuckie?? 
Too bad there aren't any real jobs left in NY after Schumer and Cuomo cashed them all in.
"NMF"!!!!!!!!!!!!
Grads in-doc to Schumer ISIS gang of Democrooks! "Party of NO"!!
Too bad they can't stay and work in NYS. HIGHEST TAXED WELFARE STATE IN THE NATION. NO JOBS AVAILABLE . CORRUPTION IN ALL LEVELS OF GOVT
What's great is for the first time in eight years the students are looking at job growth. Unlike when @POTUS44 was in office #Trump
Hypocrite
Proud to be an Alum from Class of '77
clown boy why don't u worry about what's going on in ur own backyard instead of whining 24/7 about the best POTUS ever, jealous much
Why do you congratulate them yet insert yourself in the picture.  Sort of self-aggrandizing, don't you think?
Too bad they only got to hear Chuckles the clown 
Congrats to SUNY Farmingdale '17. From the @PrimeMinister71 Class '09
Each one that accomplished this worthy achievement did so because their parents did not choose abortion. Congrats to all.
It's clear democrats want to destroy anyone with an AMERICA FIRST agenda. To them it's about a New World Order and a USA with no borders.
Please support Medical Marijuana and States rights
be quiet, not a word from you. Go sit in the corner boy.
please resign now
Julian Assange soon expose's news media and politicians with conspiracy to overthrow the united states government, going to be big. chuckie
might be your last cap & robe before you start wearing your striped suite.
Hey Chuck

Why do u hate #America?
Mr Schumer people are driving cars on sidewalks killing-injuring pedestrians in your constituency all you do is try to bring down Trump
#maga
Instead of promoting division, deceiving a nation. why don't you promote honesty, justice & wisdom. We know Your evil is not capable of it.
Congratulations! What an honor to have you do their commencement speech.
DON'T BE PART OF THE CLOWN ACT !!

Poor kids got more brainwashing from you!! What a suffering that must have been

Did you explain on how to ruin some bodies dinner if they don't agree with you? Or how to kill jobs for Joe public by obstructing? Hipicrite
My Alma Mater!!!!!
Good luck getting jobs from GOP company owners
Get real crying Chuck. You and Pelosi are two big losers. You have nothing to offer to America but bigotry and lies.
Your protege, Anthony Weiner has graduated to high school girls. When you you make your statement about that sick bastard?
I enjoyed your speech at my graduation a couple of years ago!


Maybe you should personally pay off their student loans?  Likely not. Let the taxpayers foot the bill.
Chuck did you cry? America wants to know.
Did you whine about how bad you were treated?  If not, then I'm sure your speech was good.  #PresidentCryBaby
Chuck your a waist of an American. Turn you rights over to someone that can do some good. 2018 dems will pay Bigly.  This s_counsel backfire
Can't write or spell? You must be a Trumpian. Repubs out in '18.
Congrats to all!
Don't screw up their brains!
Poor kids couldn't hear from a man with testicles.
Good thing you had your liberal card on you or you would have been thrown out like all the conservative speakers.  #Tolerance
Instead of wasting taxpayers dollars in doing this and taking off for recess, why don't you work with the Reps on the economy, health care..
Did you cry some happy tears on this happy occasion? If so, were the tears real this time?
I mean the last honest person
I seem to remember the Repubs doing that to Obama for 8 yrs.
