@SenSchumer We'll see @SpeakerRyan , @SenateMajorityL & the rest of the @GOP in 2018, 20 & 22! There's a price for stealing seats
That price...we get even more seats!
This is wrong.  Shame on the Republican party.   The white house is under so many investigations, and they still get to appt.  Someone to a
Now they are NINE again

#Ginsburg is looking tired lately
More like 8 1/4 justices now
Gorsuch shouldn't have been nominated in the first place.  He was nominated by a man whose campaign worked with a foreign power to win
Dreamer...nothing but a dreamer!
Some of his advisors have connections to Russia during the election and before.  How is that not a sign that Russia helped with the election
Follow the Clinton money to Russia.  False narrative.  Russia is "red" as in herring!
I hope the American People understand that we now have only ONE branch of government.  Putin will be so pleased.
Oh you mean we have RETURNED 1 branch of govt...so now we have restored the 3rd....under Obama, SCOTUS was an extension of the legislature
Is the sky Green in the reality you live in?
It was the other day when we were under a tornado warning.  But no it most often is blue.  I know it is hard for U to accept a conservative.
He is not a recognized Justice.  And you'd better fucking be saying that on television.  This court is illegitimate.
The Prez isn't legit, SCOTUS now isn't legit.  Is that all the Dems have now....denial as there only coping skill.   HA!
101649
Thank you Harry Reid!
McConnell did this. If you steal someone's lunch money you don't blame a thief who stole before you. SC judge not confirmed this way before.
No but Fed Judges were by Reid's rule change. Democrats know too well about STEALING "lunch money" see 'em in court http://www.delphisalariedretirees.org/delphi/index.php/what-we-are-fighting-for …
No kidding on the Fed judges. Tell it to your new pres. I am sure he cares about the little guy and he will help you with your pension.
Reid nixed filibuster bc GOP wldn't confirm BO noms. Pure GOP power grab to empty nation's courts for yrs so hopefully next POTUS wld be GOP
Democratic shortsightedness does not constitute a GOP power grab. They were perfectly willing to wait for Hillary to nominate her Justice!
GOP power grab was not letting BO (or Clinton) appoint even circuit court of appeals judges. If Reid hadn't done it then, GOP wd hv now.
Who are the traitorous Dems who voted with the RepubliKlans?
I said traitorous, not treasonous like Comrade RepubliKlans....
This is just not right. Do we just make up the rules as we go to favor what you want? I can't wait for 2018....say "Goodbye" to your jobs.
Ahhhh...it's just not right..waaaaaaaaaahhhhhh.  (Here..let me get you a tissue)  Waaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh!
Not something to brag about. Just the GOP showing many Americans their opinions do not count. They have made more enemies.
Outstanding damn shame it was not 100 to 0 for him.
Thank you lib left wing dems for inventing the Nuclear Option yrs ago!  Congrats to SCOTUS Neil Gorsuch!!!!
Chuckie after Gorsuch confirmed...
MARK YOUR CALENDARS 11/06/2018!   Get out and VOTE!  #WeWillTakeOurCountryBack #TickTock @GOP #FuckTheGOP
My head will be fine, thanks! 
@SenSchumer @SenWarren @NancyPelosi # Democrats continue hypocritical self righteous self serving game. So glad Republicans are in control!!
#stolenseat mcconnell is a seditionistThis majority is incapable ofgoverning nomatter cost to nation.GOPTP are owned by ALEC Citizens United
Illegitimate judge Presidency and majority
Cut off your nose to spite your face?  Next appointment will ensure the Conservatives judges will get their way for years!
https://youtu.be/IYrWQ-sl-wY 
@SenSchumer chuck could you post some crocodile tears streaming down your face as you voted no?  Big shout out to Harry Reid!

So much for teaching students last month about 60% needed for approval! Thanks a lot #GOP Not!!! 
No thanks to you, obstructionist!
congratulations!
Congratulations.  Thank you President Trump.  Promise kept.
@SenSchumer it's disgraceful
@SenSchumer We'll keep on the good fight, but nothing is more energizing to Democrats than an Apocalyptic Republican Agenda.
@SenSchumer My $.02, filibuster is out. Laws should live or die by their own merit, not some stupid rule. That's the point of Democracy. 51%
@SenSchumer No regrets! Would have been Gorsuch if we filibustered or not. Very proud to see United Democrats fighting the good fight!
@SenSchumer buffoon chuck low with hi own rules lmao
This man of great character will be one of the best Supreme Court Justices ever! You did not vote for him Mr. Schumer but what do you know?
Guess you wanted your name to live in history books. Well you got it.  Proud?
Gorsuch was confirmed unanimously in 2006 http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/gorsuch-was-confirmed-unanimously-in-2006/article/2613548 … 
#MAGA Thank you #HarryReidOption
Did not think we would hear from you today.
Good news! Senate considering Garland. Woops, too late! Ha ha ha ha
Neil "the theif" Gorsuch, you mean...
GOP can't complain when the Dems choose 3 future justices w/ a "majority"...Gorsuch couldn't get 60+ votes...that should tell you something
Confirmed despite the unjust and horrible obstruction efforts of Senator Schumer. Schumer's days as senator are numbered.
@SenSchumer you baker thanks
@SenSchumer you re BROKEN OLD Man!!!
About time republicans stood up to democrats. Dems have no problem changing the constitution, this was just a senate rule change.
Congratulations to Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch! He is well deserving and very well qualified to serve on the Supreme Court!
Silver-lining: we'll no longer have lawsuits returned to the lower courts due to a 4:4 decision.
Sad day. The GOP will the the day they did thid
Supercalifragiliticexpalidous
Seems like your Opposition and Resistance did not work out well for you!!! Any chance of doing your job? GOVERN! If not your days are over
Great for America!!!
About time
Great news!  Go Trump!
Nuke option works. Thank you dems, especially Dingy Harry Reid, for that.
Glad to have him confirmed.
Chuckie...better check yourself for radiation...you have been NUKED!
"mongolism" for life.

The antics in Government has become a disgrace to so called democracy. Remove honorable from title, he goes down in history as illegitimate
Schumer - what did you get for Democrats by giving Republicans back seven hours of floor time Democrats could have used to attack Gorsuch?
@SenSchumer Oppose EVERY bill the enemy on the other side of the aisle proposes.  No compromise; they are just bad people.
I can see you aren't an American U are a lowly Democrat. Democrats as U prove are nothing more than partisan hacks! To U who cares about US
the part of "no" once again defeats the party of "whaaaa"
congratulations on another complete, abject total failure. is it Friday morning yet? better call in the victim brigade. #impeach100 tools.
The HORROR!  It is all over their faces.  SUCKERS!

Gorsuch possibly committed perjury. A legal ethics prof must have heard abt SCOTUS justices' ethical controversies. https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4665662/gorsuch-possibly-commits-perjury …
You Democrats are the most beta weaklings in politics. Why even get dressed in  the morning. PRIMARY THESE FAILURES OUT!
Now we must fight even harder to take back the Senate.
@ANTONIO47MEX EXCELLENT JUSTICE,ha thanks chucky
"Never let a crisis go to waste" Trump exploited Syria tragedy @HouseDemocrats @NancyPelosi @DNC @TomPerez @TheDemocrats @IndivisibleTeam
Now that this issue is finished...will you now release your donation list to the public Senator? Or more hiding? #releasethelist
Will when is Trump going to release his taxes?
wonderful choice, #Gorsuch and #Trump on the right path.
You mean injustice.
OK get the towels out for fake-crying Chucky and his toad looking relative Amy.
We Proud Of you Let's just move on. We don't need to talk about anymore.
Wow The GOP just went "Harry Reid" all over Dems a$$es. Dems are SO STUPID, they think they own the people, the Government, Cheat, then LOSE

A plagiarist, What a shame. No respect for that court anymore. Businesses are people more than ever.
Absolutely appalling this happened.  Thanks for trying Sen. Schumer.  McConnell and Republicans are absolutely horrible people.
Now let's replace Ruthie!
Great
STOLEN SEAT.

Yes !!! Please try to become more Cooperative and BEGIN Working For AMERICA Sir!!!
@SenSchumer well deserved. Just hate he had to listen to the democrats speak so much garbage!
Nice how you let the Dems up 4 reelection vote 4 Gorduch. So phony
YES!!!! Please "Try" to become cooperative and "Work for America" Sir!!!!
Going forward, Republicans cannot talk about activist SCOTUS Justices.
By accepting this stolen seat, Gorsuch waves his dishonorable soul.  Dark money and even Darker Gorsuch.
If Grouch had a "true love" of the law, he would not accept this post as a result of GOP shell game, theft and rule changing.
OOps, Gorsuch.

Yippee!
Lifetime position that couldn't get 60 votes.  Couldn't be more disappointed in our President and the Republican party
Still a stolen seat.
Now aren't you glad Harry Reid decided to get the filibuster ball rolling? Neil Gorsuch is a very good man.
@SenSchumer ugh! Lowest number of votes since Clarence Thomas
Looks like a couple people were in agreement Chuck. whether they were afraid of losing their job or just doing the right thing... Congratzzz
wonder what Gorsuch's textualist interpretation of Senate's const'l duty to advise & consent a sitting POTUS's nominee?
Hey Chucky want to come to our scotus party let this be a lesson to you loony liberal Democrats don't mess with POTUS
See I told you . Congrats Gorsuch.
This is awesome!  Thanks to all who voted for this highly qualified judge! Some Democrats voted for him too! #confirmgorsuch #MAGA
40 years of monied corrupt interests protected over human and civil rights
See I told you !
Of course they did... What are dems going to do about this? I want to know why DEMS even showed up to vote, knowing your voices are unheard?
Sad but expected. We'll see how this guy turns out
The circumstances make me a little sick to my stomach, but I'll hold out hope that he'll be a fair justice. That's all anyone can ask.
@SenateMajLdr #Disgraceful
This is So sad.To have a money grubber fighting for big business in the highest seat in the land
Yeah I hate it when the Democrats do it too. Those money-grubbing son of a guns
Mitch needs to be bent over and drilled the way he just did it to the United States. GOP moral-less filth
Amy fantasizing again...she hasn't been getting any lately and can only dream of being bent over....and it ain't going to be no spanking!
And democracy is further fractured by a gutless, soulless GOP.
Knew it was coming...still sucks though
Sad Day
Why did we feel that way when reed did it to pass all of Obama's appointments?
Give him a moment. He's crying. Poor Chuck!
YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
