#TrumpBudget cuts anti-terrorism funds: 25% cut to UASI, an essential prgm to major city police depts like #NYPD-- would make us less safe.
Says the people who keep blocking travel bans that would keep us safer. We are not stupid you cannot decry  one and tout the other
Hey Chuckie, if we stop at borders and foreign airports, we don't need as much money to fight the terrorists! #notamuslimban

Amazing you admit Terrorism is on the rise and refuse to support the Travel ban 
Amazingly, with terrorism on the rise, President Trump actually proposed cutting vital anti-terrorism funding in his #TrumpBudget last week.
Stop the partisan lambasting.  Grow up and work for Americans.  You sound like a broken record. I am no longer democrat because of this crap
Seems judges, in your pocket, are the ones to blame. Letting terriosts in here.
Gotta skim where you can to keep the 1% tax cuts on track
Amazingly, with terrorism on the rise, Dems think travel ban from countries who can't vet refugees is a bad idea?  You are so transparent.
Silly goose, we are rebuilding our military after Obama decimated it. You can't fight terrorism with words.
Tell that to Mr. "You have to call it Radical Islam" to defeat terrorism.

GOP has no strategy just hollow rhetoric & arming Saudi terror.
and did he called it radical Islamic Terrorism? NO, he did not because he is a liar, yet his followers still "believe" in him.
We're not His followers... Democrats follow their leaders, we guide them. We believe in him bc he embodies Patriotism. He Loves America 1st.
He loves himself 1st; his family 2nd; his "friends" 3rd; citizens not so much. If he's a patriot, he has a shameful way to show it.
That's optimistic- he loves Ivanka, the sons, not so much, Tiffany he hates
Oh, you can read someone's heart. Ha
I really dislike you

I don't get your face.
Can we just move away from the fact that Trump has no clue what's in any budget, bill, agreement, world event or a double cheesburger.
Oh I think he may know a thing or two about a double cheeseburger...
That's true. Why he downs it with a "diet" coke.
IKR! The diet coke ain't helping...
Idiot
Senator, when are our representatives going to address the Republican strategy to foment war with Muslim countries & domestically?
Just keep the murderers out of America that fixes the problem
Also no @FBI director, hardly any DHS positions filled & so many loopholes in gun laws it's sickening.
Lol! Thats bc of the childish Dem games.Ya know, the foot stomping n crying...
Amy is full of giggles considering she has no idea what she's talking about. He has to NOMINATE people before anyone can block. He hasn't.
Yes. I do know that. U act like his nom's will b embraced w open arms.Easily assumed not.Think ahead like intelligent people do.
This tweet highlights an embarrassing lack of self awareness on your part.
I suspect those cuts hit the VA too. It's sad to send kids to war and not have their back when they return.
Show me in the budget where funds to the VA are cut. Don't guess or surmise, look at the budget or don't talk.
He WANTS a domestic terror attack. Other countries are getting all the attention.
Okay, but define "Terrorism", again?
I'm quite sure he didn't do suggest cutting vital anti-terroism funding.  Jesus, you wouldn't know reality if it slapped you in the face!
It's on the rise because of people like you!
He's showboating
Meanwhile...
1) http://www.mintpressnews.com/911-larry-silverstein-designed-new-wtc-7-one-year-attacks/214821/ …
2) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QhF-sMdJVg …
3) https://www.splcenter.org/hatewatch/2016/11/18/stephen-bannons-inclusion-zoa-dinner-opens-rift-among-american-jewish-groups …
4)
Trump must go he's unstable and a threat to our Nation and the World at Large.
On the rise? Terror in 2017 only accounts for .67% of total USA homicides. That means Americans are responsible for 99.33% of all homicides.
YOU are never honest are you? You are talking apples & oranges Sanctuary city cuts. PATHETIC little man you are
@POTUS is the great creator of terrorists at home and abroad.  He embraces that which divides us.  & R
Climate change, terrorism , healthcare - The toothless trailer trash of America did well
Amazing that feminine sissy "Mitch" males like u flip flop daily on whether to protect terrorists or get on the offensive with them.
please resign now
Wow! No way!
Because he's an ignoramus, and a complicit one at that.
Not that amazing. State, and USAID programs impact terrorism. Climate change effects foster terrorism. He doesn't give a rats ass about it.
Because according to you we don't need the travel ban, make up your mind
Your seat on the Senate should be cut next.
No forethought or cohesive, coherent agenda - that's our Trump!
He has no clue wtf he is doing save us please.
Typical GOP party line refused to fund more security in the Middle East then blame HRC when Benghazi fell!
Terrorism is good for business
What planet are you from because I know you are not from this planet
Yes to give tax breaks to the rich and more corporate welfare!

That is why you're sitting there: work it out, don't make a drama. Just work...
He is a insane madman, he cannot help himself
Actually it's really not that amazing. He is a fucking moron remember.
If there is any terrorist atrocities, he'll do a Theresa and divert attention from budget cuts and point the finger of blame at the internet
Trump knows when he is lying! He doesn't care. If he follows Steve Bannon's advice, he may want RIOTS & CHAOS IN THE STREETS.
@realDonaldTrump @WayneRoot Eric holder, Loretta lynch, Obama, Hilary, Sue rice, Chaz shumer, Donna Brazil, etc..Real plead the 5th liars!
What's also amazing is that there has been more terrorist attacks since donny's so-call presidency
I hate to say this, but 45 WANTS a terrorist attack on American soil! Just so he can say "I told you so!".
Funny how he OMITS thatpiece of information in his tweets Senator! #fraud #notmypresident #GlobalEmbarrassment
Hasn't he been trying to ban Muslims since he got in office but you fools keep calling it racist you can't get voted out soon enough
109 nominations and 39 confirmed. You are the disgrace with your evil ways and we the people want YOU OUT!
He's basically begging terrorists to attack us. And, Senator, if they don't I have to wonder if he will.
Senator Schumer, get to work doing our country's business, and Impech Trump on obstructing justice! You have amble evidence!
To be fair, is deputy press secretary can't even acknowledge that Trump's outburst via twitter @SadiqKhan was unwarranted and unfounded.
Please explain
why is terrorism on the rise? Perhaps u should answer that question Chuck.
Then why does he want the ban??
Because someone told him to say that he wants a ban. He also wants to be the smartest, best looking, richest, most famous person ever.
That's 4 things. He hasn't achieved any. But most important he's the dumbest around. Plus, he arrogant, a bully, and a boor.
25th Amendment, Senator - let's make it so.
He'll just tweet them into submission.
Even GWB & his Republican administration knew calling it "radical Islamic terrorism after 9/11.
1 of 2 reasons, less funding=more terrorism proving his point of fear, or he knows his whole shtick is false narrative to further his agenda
EVERY cut to funding of EVERY department is done w/ intent to siphon $$ into his TAX REFORM which is to further pad pockets of 1%! #GREED
And you fight to let them waltz into our country, Chuck.
Crazy
He is a true idiot What's taking impeachment sooo very long lol
Its a blue print, you don't bother telling anyone that. Go to work!
To be fair, let us not assume that he actually has any idea of what's in the budget.
Because he deluded figures if Muslims are banned then he won't need that funding! Moron Supreme #Trump
Trump proposition of privatizing air traffic control is a threat to national security if there is a crisis will the private co cooperate?
Define vital
Please Senator-now he wants to sell our air traffic control to one of his good buddies? So they can CONTROL the ban?
Trump sociopaths can not control the skis. We can not let this happen.
He needs to be removed before he does anymore damage!!
Amazingly, with terrorism on the rise, Democrats actually care more about Paris Accord/Global Warming vs real Terrorism concerns
Wow. Throwing stones here?  If you allow for better vetting in the first place it would cost less for sure. Hypocrite much?
Terrorism comes from within here, he doesnt recognize that however.
Beginning to believe 45* won't fund cause he WANTS a terror attack to have an excuse to bypass the Constitution! Wants to be like Putin
He's such a putz.
I suppose it would take terrorists busting into the White House to open his eyes. The man just isn't "right" - just simply doesn't 'get it'
Act tough to supporters, play in the swampy golf course. #disinformation #impeach45
Trump seriously believes he'll just say, "ISIS, you're DONE" and it will all go away.
Please impeach trump and pence!
Amazingly IF country focused on problems instead of derision... there would be focused responses to real threats.
Your spin is typical Left rhetoric. YOU know exactly what was in the cut and has NOTHING to do with cutting anti terrorism funding. LIar
Lmao ! He wants to keep  safe you bad mouth him . He finally listens to all you Dems you complain . You can't have it both ways Schumer
#ImpeachTrump He's CRAZY #DSM5 #StopWatchingTrump
Quiet Senator. You just too loud.
Someone should tell him, maybe you could tweet him?
He doesn't read anything he signs. He just waits to hear about it on Fox & Friends.
@dbergg And Qatar isn't on his Travel Ban!
@CitizensFedUp #Veterans Until GOP Stop Enabling 45, 
They're Complicit In Near Treasonous
Erosion of America http://www.newyorker.com/news/john-cassidy/donald-trumps-craven-republican-enablers …
Hmm, kinda makes you wonder if Trump actually wants a terrorist attack to happen as a pretext to clamp down on us & consolidate power...
He thinks if you keep the Muslims out you don't need to worry about terrorists.
Because he's a moron without a clue, who bullshits about everything, and has zero moral.
He's purposely looking for an excuse to declare MARTIAL LAW!! And THAT is what's terrifying me!!
Blah blah blah
Be specific and not general.
Hitler use the economy and the Jews to divert attention from his war machine Trump doing similar #Treason #Russia #Impeach #WTF #Focus
Get him and impeached we're talking terrorism not treason #impeach
Amazing to whom? People living in a cave on Mars, with fingers in their ears going "La LA LA I can't hear you!"? Otherwise, the GOP.
how about we keep terrorists out of the US.  You know, like a travel ban or something??  Just a thought....
Sadly you represent the good people of Upstate New York and you have sold us out. Harpy
Your amazing Chuck, what have u done lately to Make America Great Again!

It's becoming very obvious that Trump wants a terror attack. It would justify his agenda and give him more power.
Seriously?!?! You will grandstand on anything!
He is doing this so we will be attacked and then he will have a excuse for his travel ban
@SenSchumer #idiot
Perhaps he thinks his Twitter rants will keep them in check?
True and democrats  are suddenly  offended by a ban you recommended  2 yrs ago ????
We need that money for the wall. But don't worry Mexico's going to pay for it.
Close the god damn borders and stop obstructing! Really simple if you weren't so out of touch Chuckles
Cutting out Congressional pay checks too would be so covfefe!
Charles get on the same page!
What ever he seems to do you all whine and complain. How about you all shut up and start working together??????
@POTUS and you want to install your travel "ban" which is not a ban according to your lawyers?? Dip sh@@!
The only thing that should be cut is your salary and your job. #notmysenator
I would like you to publish (tweet) the exact text in the budget that proves this!!!
It's because he WANTS & NEEDS it to happen on US soil in order to install a military style force against citizens
It's not amazing . He is a moron . Give him some  and tell him to run , then save the country and stick out your foot .
No he didn't, get your story right Chuck
Schumer, you and all of congress best be getting prepared for a major attack on US. This is trumps way out.
What a disingenuous lie chuck
He is only against terrorism on twitter. Not in real life.
John Kerry saying Muslims are alienated and have a hard time assimilating in the UK. Libtards rationalizing terrorist acts. MENTAL DISORDER.
After they cut the budget & when anything bad happens; just blame Hillary and Susan Rice.
That's because Moscow, I mean the WH  privately outsources mercenaries to do these jobs...Oops, did I say that out loud?
SHUT up. @POTUS knows exactly how to protect the people of America. Dems have failed and are no longer relevant.
Did trump build a war room 2 take out ISIS? NO...he built a WAR ROOM to BOT ATTACK citizens, & take out OUR REPORTERS & INTEL OFFICERS
Obama built a War Room to take out Bin Laden
Trump just built his war room to target AMERICANS
At the DEMS request
Can you show me that in wrighting please. Oh but you're against travel ban correct ?
But that lying piece of shit bag has said and got his lawyers to argue in Fed Court that he needs to protect the American people????
Apparently Trump Presidency is modeling from The Hunger Games. Author sought worst scenario and Trump is delivering it.
Chuck you are sickeningly transparent. Terrorism? Comon their your friends, those you want to invite here in droves. Hypocrite
His solution is for all Americans to cower under their beds and hope the scary monsters go away.
Looks like you're screwed.

UR SHOCKED?? WE'RE SUPPOSED TO GET HIT!  That's the ONLY WAY we'd ok the MID EAST war PUTIN needs. TRUMP knows Saudi is ISIS. Owes them cash
your vital anti terrorism items he cut are probably teaching History of Islam in our high schools. Coddling programs force by liberals
Is terrorism on the rise?
It was hard to tell from Gorka's thesis
Is there anything they do that makes sense?
@iamfonda of course. if they wanted to wipe out isis they could tomorrow.
@CParks777 @B52Malmet @bodyfit67 this is a special kind of stupid! #Trumpfuckery
It is especially ridiculous given NYC is terrorist target  #1 where he does have a lot of real estate. #Trumpfuckery all day every day.
Because #ThoughtsAndPrayers go so much further! And we need that money to pay for bombs & bullets
That POTUS is a regular brainiac.
Bannon wants the USA to self-destruct. Trump doesn't care about governing, obviously. They just don't care! Copying and pasting this. Fits!
he wants an attack. he wants to impose martial law
everything POTUS does is detrimental to our lives! Whether taking away civil liberties or Banning People based on religion!
#CrookedDonald
He probably doesn't even know- Remember he doesn't read .
County landslide!!!
Trump 1600 counties
Hillary.   400 counties
California and New York don't control us!
GO TRUMP
Like cutting Coast Guard funds to build a useless wall.
Close a door, but open the windows!
What's next? FEMA?
One a war starts. He is vindicated, his supporters will surge. America will divide further and be in a war. Trump will be making $$. Period.
Can the world please ban Trump from this world?
Why was he quick to use Moab? Why antagonize NK? Why Lois off allies? Why a wall ? A Muslim ban? Mass deportations? He is bullying everyone
Becuz he doesn't care about terrorism. It's a gimmick to excite ppl. It's about $. War=$ He is waging war w every one on purpose.
It's easy to see why. Trump didn't write the budget, Ryan and the republicans did. Change the congressional numbers,that will stop Trump
Trump would have no idea what's in that budget... guarantee he hasn't even read it or supplied any input for it. Assuming he can read! 
