Past time. Why hasn't Dem Party proposed alternatives to Repub nightmare legislation? Bn asking for months.
Really? Original public option was a great solution.Hillary proposed solutions. Even I proposed some solutions. They don't want solutions!
Taking money from hard working people and handing it out to beer swilling welfare recipients is a solution to you
Well, you are full of stereotyping and snobbery, aren't you? I see plenty of people swilling beer making lots of $$$. What's your point?
You got my point alright...
Do you want the full lecture on how the economy is trending quickly to automation & the future won't support the working class of the past?
Or would you like to keep your blinders on?
Wealth class hasn't been fairly sharing their profits with their workers and are consolidating wealth, resources & power, & is quickly...
How about a forest of money trees, too!
Single payer is the only responsible alternative.
A prudent, responsible person would  pay for their own health care! Why should my hard earned tax $$ pay for those lazy who feel entitled!
B/c all are born healthy enough to work & afford care? B/c grandma at 80 can get a job at Walmart to pay for dialysis when she can't walk?
What re: my friend who has a heart condition she was born w/gets pneumonia if she works a full time job b/c it runs down her entire system?
Or coal miners who worked their butts off and can't afford care w/ their jobs gone, but are ill b/c of their work and can't find jobs?
And what if I'm working a job and suddenly get cancer, can't work anymore, & can't afford my medical because I can't work?
we don't want Single Payer!!!!!!!!
Yeah, we do
Single payer is the only responsible alternative.
Healthcare IS NOT a right. Otherwise it would have been written into the Constitution
Gee, life, liberty, pursuit of happiness...pretty hard to have without good healthcare. IMHO, anyway
It's time all Americans got equal and quality health care.
NO TO UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE OR SINGLE PAYER! No socialist healthcare for a free America!
Why Chuck Schumer, I'm surprised to hear this from you. I thought you were all about obstructing @POTUS
How are Dems obstructing?
Chuck, you make me ill! Go do some work and quit obstructing and causing trouble! You're part of the global sickness right now!
Well what is stopping you?!?
Working with republicans who are trying to jam thru legislation for a president of highly questionable legitimacy to sign--ARE YOU CRAZY?
You have said you would not work with Reps unless they committed to single http://payer.You  said on Senate floor in front of cameras
Chuck, you sit in a chair of lies, but God is listening and HE will judge all of you who have taken advantage and speak lies.
Single payer or bust. Get with the program, Chuck!
Just go for single-payer. The GOP wants to kill people. Sack up, Chuck.
Why wasn't that necessary for Hussein Obama?
Saw you and Pelosi together on TV today. You make a great pair making statements that are insane. Remember  Michelson
Don't talk about it- be about it
There's nothing to "work on", Chuck.   Just hitch up your big-boy pants and introduce "MEDICARE FOR ALL".   No changes.....just MFA!
Really so you now are willing to let go of you partisan bias and move back to a market base. Your definition of bipartisan = my way
Why social medicine and more government when industry and competition provides so much better and more efficiently?
The Repubs have tried to work on a bipartisan solution. Starts w/ respect, positivity, openness, putting needs of all Amercans 1st, not few.
you schumer
Good Show Chuckie;
http://www.dcclothesline.com/2017/07/15/arkancided-congressman-says-suicide-of-gop-operative-who-tried-to-obtain-hillary-emails-is-awfully-suspicious/ …
Let's work on the Hillary Dead Body Count and solve the email problem.
Why won't you work with the Republicans on health care for American citizens?
its about time you work together instead of causing nothing but obstruction
Someone hack your account? You are actually going to be a part of the solution and not toe party lines?? Hope you do but don't believe it...
No,its time to throw open the door, shove the entire Republican party out and bolt the door!
Senator Schumer, please do not rush to save the Republicans.  The Senators should work on improving Obamacare.  No compromise with the Repub
You have NO desire to work with the GOP you never did.  #hypocrite.  Keep it up and DNC will get another butt whoopin'
Oh!  Good idea!  Shit why didn't anyone think of that sooner??
...and that'll be the day the Lord Jesus Christ falls outta heaven and corrects Crooked Donald Trump & the GOP. 
I'll keep  for a miracle
Took you long enough to figure that out.
Thank you Senator Schumer.  Enough is enough!  We all deserve quality healthcare!
The dems need to put forth our own ideas using our own language. Let's tell people what we want for them. Speak positively
You should have been seeking that from day 1, instead of hating and obstructing
You've got to pass it to know what's in it...
Well where were you last 8 years!!!! You new then it would be a nightmare!!
YOU need to start working with GOP Chuck Schumer!  Set a positive example for a change!!
How long did it for you learn how to speak out of both sides of your mouth? Unbelievable!!!
The only reasonable response is #MedicareForAll
Breaking: Schumer more worthless then a close pin holding our flag during a hurricane. The man has no influence, nor care for his own voters
Oohhh, like you did with Obama Care. I could have sworn the Dems forced the ACA on us and now you want to come together???
Stop the BS! You have made zero effort to contribute!
Cutting this crap would be a good start.  ACA isn't and has never been the answer.  Fix the real problems!
Chuck you blah, blah, blah too much!! Shut up and work with President Trump! !!!
Thank you that will save my life.
Chuck U must be getting senile remember the famous words of Pelosi U have to pass it before you can read it no open doors there repeal it
So you agreed - straight repeal?
Did you really say that? Do you mean the Democrat closed doors? Is this an end to your opposition?  Start by approving nominees.
You and your party are all loonies! #CUCKOO
Just because u say it now doesn't fool us who have paid attn. U refused to participate!!!! Never offering a solution!
That's what ya'll r suppose to do work together to the betterment of all of us that's why the government is not working anymore
Look whose talking .. did you get bipartisan support for osbamacare? 100% partisan garbage. Partisan. 100% democratic filth. Osbamacare.
Really?  I think we've been telling you that for months.
Trumpcare 2.0 still blocks women from PP & is the worst bill for women in a generation. Call your Senator TODAY & every day: 202-804-8210
Why, do you need to kill yet another baby?
Who can work with a narcissist that jumps to conclusions before any facts of the matter are revealed?
That's a joke coming from you
We need to be investigating you, and the other wing nuts in Washington.
the ultimate hypocrite
Ur a joke!!!!
time for universal health care.
Obamacare is imploding. Many counties now have no coverage. You should have helped sooner. Too late. Support @POTUS #MAGA
About time...the "closed doors" were necessary because of all the destructive actions and obstructionism by Democrats. Finally, do your job!
Long overdue...
What's that mean to you?
Except for your party has made it clear it will oppose everything this President wants to do. Check yourself first.
Agreed! They are saying it may be revealed thursday. DEMS should demand to see plan & take part in its revision. Please just improve ACA!
Stop it. Bipartisan means another republican market base insurance program that Obama gave us. Single payer now.
Dummy, Obamacare is the furthest thing from market based. Market based doesn't need a 1300 page bill!
ObamaCare not market-based bc market doesn't need a 1300 page bill? Do you often make imbecile arguments like that throughout the day?
The real news is how Clintons & DEM been trying to sabotage Trump administration. This is Treason. Only collusion is Clinton Uranian deal
Repeat BS
It's treason then.
WHAT! I haven't heard them say they don't want to repeal the ACA . Have you? Don't make a BS agreement to appease people or as a salvation!
Yet, you're willing to shut the government down because of the budget, and you're UNWILLING to work with Republicans on this??!  #hypocrite
Hey Chucky, it Would be nice if you did something other than bitch about Trump. Get to work or NO RE-election for you.
Not with @SenSchumer boycott @SenSchumer
Obstruction & negativity by you & your party are not going to be forgotten when it's time for reelection! We the people are fed up with you

impoverished Americans.
------------
“fundamental Medicaid reforms” included in Republican repeal legislation, saying these reforms would lead to better health outcomes for
In The Washington Times, the Heartland Institute’s Peter Ferrara and the National Tax Limitation Committee’s Lewis Uhler praise the
Chucky ACA is dead we're talking dead dead is a door now you need to move on ACA is dead
ChuckSCHUMER, BUT WE WILL REPEAL & REPLACE OBAMACARE, NO FREE MEDICAL CARE FOR NONCITIZENS OR ELIGAL ALLIANS!
C.F MANAGING PARTNER, F&F CPAs
oh ye, no one can trust you as far as we can throw you, you already have done the damage make us go broke with Hussain's care.

You mean like Dems did when locking out Repubs during Obamacare crafting?
ObamaCare is a republican crafted bill. Obama bent over backwards making Republicans happy his entire administration just to get spat on.
You Sir are living a delusional life. Bless your heart.
The fact that people are required to obtain insurance from the market themselves and be at their mercy makes it a market driven program.
Simple question. Does it start with ALL STATES required to take Medicaid Expansion and go from there?
It's about time! God wants you to work together! Thank you!
I'm so FED UP with Democratics who want to be obstructionist and have nothing to offer to help but be a critic. Put up some ideas or Shut UP
I agree with you on this. However you need to get together. Not we only play if you don't repeal Obamacare. It is time for y'all to get toge
Will you please get to work on the issues! If yo don't like the Health Care plan. Present some real ideas instead of being critical
It's time for you to be a real man and stand by your elected official.  Hillary has you on a rope and soon she will hang you with it.
Try to help all the people. We need to work together. Diseases don't care about Democrats or Republicans.
You had your chance Chuck and Americans are in this health care mess because of you and your Democratic colleges.....sorry!
Crook
I don't give a shit about bipartisanship if the result isn't good for everyone.  SINGLE PAYER NOW.
Sure... When you repeal the aca... Someone will listen
Yes, And U Mr. do not nor did U want to work with this PRESIDENT from the start, take a walk, find a new job 
It's time you stop railroading the American CITIZENS of the USA #MAGA
Yeah!
Simply put: it's time 4 U SameOld,SameOld CongDems 2 wake up & give the people what they need:Medicare For All! We'll accept nothing less!
https://www.pscp.tv/w/bDVZKDFyYWpaRFhlclJSUXp8MUJSSmpXZ2dNTmV4d4MGiinzI_pQZK_EZ-S8V2Ld9AZ21v8_Mf5Wo8idtEKq …
Really?!?!  You are the obstructive bunch...who should believe you!?
It's not the govt's job to insure the people. People should be responsible for themselves.
England can provide free healthcare & college to all citizens-why shouldn't the wealthiest nation be capable of coming up a plan for all?
We became independent from England over 200 years ago, if you want to be ruled by your government please move there.
Go home
How can you work on bipartisan when you announced you will not do so.?  It's your way or no way. Well no single payer, no mandates.
Then by God do it!
Totally agree
Quit pouting and shouting empty words Work with POTUS he is POTUS accept it and move on. people who voted for him are disgusted w the blocks

Good to hear you admit that your Obamacare legislation is a train wreck.
You forgot what you Dims did 7 years ago? Shut up
Support the impeachment filed by @BradSherman  Show us you're an American who puts ALL of our interests first. Get Pelosi in line, too.
Mr. S: Finally u r starting 2 sound kinda cooperative. How about approving some nominees today. Otherwise history won't be kind to you.
Pretty sure ball is in your court since NO Dems are helping  fix your program
Chuck...someone hacked your account
IMPEACH TRUMP NOW DONNYTHECONJR KUSHNER AND SESSIONS HAVE SECURITY CLEARANCE.SUSPEND THEM NOW.PRISON FOR IVANKA &KUSHNER NOW. NO RUSSIA.
it's time for you to do the job that you promised your voters.Not once have you worked for the people.they see this and are not happy
Your idea of bipartisanship is "my way". I happen to be one of you constituents. Firsthand knowledge "you are awful as public servant"
Go to work then Man !
Then work at it and quit obstructing
Now your talking like a statesmen
You think it's just now time?  I'd say it's waaaayyy past time for that on many issues. If we had that we wouldn't be in the mess we're in
Please do it would be nice to see you all working together than attacking other things.
More "Russia "bs.  Get a life.  This Russia thing has gone down the road
I find it unbelievable you or your ilk care to do anything but detract from the business of our country
Here's an idea @SenSchumer, why don't we change the healthcare model? Why don't we move away from "for-profit" to non-profit?
I finally agree with him on something. Even w/ doors open, would they really work for us or find more sound bite ops - both sides?
You're assuming that quality, affordable health care is the goal of the GOP . . .
Shut it down until independent commission is formed on #trumprussia
It's also time to get Putin's puppet and his cronies out of our White House.
Going viral. THE FORGOTTEN MAN. worth your 90-seconds
I'm a constituent and Brooklyn neighbor, and if I hear "bipartisan" from you one more time I'll support a primary challenger.

The best way to make care affordable is to severely limit the number of people who can get rich off of it. Good luck with that.
Single payor=socialism...no thank you!!!
Say it with me Chuck.....H.R. 676
Anytime the government controls programs costs go up service goes down. Period
Should have done that with the ACA. But, you have to pass it to see what's in it.......
Obamacare is crashing just in time for the 2018's. Great strategy. Democrats will be held accountable.
Afraid the "iron curtain" may become a "wall" in these troubled days of lacking bipartisanship.Thank You for fighting for Americans' needs!
Your job, Chuck is to work with our President, not fight him every step of the way! ! Stop your nonsense!!
Then stop your obstruction and hurting this country.
Go for Government options, it's cheaper than private providers... Or force medical non-profits, though not as efficient.
Should have been the case in 2008 but, "one term president".
They will never do it if possible. McConnell would rather walk thru Hell with gasoline draws on before he works with Democrats.
All other major counties have Universal Health Care. We are the wealthiest country in the world, yet we don't - WHY?
You mean the doors you closed?
Somebody new on ur staff write this?
Why can't we make it easier to buy insurance across state lines? Why don't the democrats let free enterprise work?
Dear Senator Schyster, How about a health care plan that doesn't penalize the hard working middle class in this country?
Why were the "doors closed" by the Democratic party? President Trump was inaugurated 6 months ago! No more obstruction!!
Which does  NOT include government run health care!
Time to drain the swamp and get some term limits in place! Time for fresh faces in DC!
NO, it's time to get Government OUT of our Healthcare! TOTAL REPEAL OF OBAMACARE NOW!
About time schemer.  You have wasted enough time politicking for this failing o Care.  The people who pay you need non obstruction now
Then shit up and do it
Shut up sorry
Give it up Chuckles you and your party will never have a say in this again...
Then shut up and get to work, haven't heard a word about what you would do for the 22 million people without insurance under Obamacare.
With a single payer option.
Single payer doesn't work. How do you control cost?
It better be optional non this mendetory socialist nazi crap
You guy made a chey vega it started of a pile of crap and will always be a pile of crap. Trade up Make something so good people want it.
The best reason is that neither side could then complain "it was 'their' idea and continually seek to dismantle it every four years.
Quality, affordable healthcare and bipartisan solutions are mutually exclusive. Stop compromising w rs and listen to the left. Single payer.
Take socialized medicine back to Europe!!
Human beings do not deserve to die from preventable diseases.
good, not universal health care, retirement age is now over 70 in England. To much spending.
But if you work together you no longer #Resist or obstruct. You'll never win another election you will lose your base if you #MAGA
Point out the part of the Constitution where the federal govt has to pay for my doctor's visit. Do it quickly. I have an appointment soon.
It is abou time
People that want single payer, think it's free, nothing is for free & the care that you get sucks too! California healthcare is horrible.
Right on!
Bipartisan is not a word in the Democtat's vocabulary. They want to come in and bully their own agenda into place.
Yet, you refuse to be involved? Make up your mind! Fix the mess you created! Stop this polical grandstanding
