
You knew about this in advance and even now, you have done NOTHING to help. Pretty sure Texas had access to the weatherman. Trump is HELPING
You mean the ones Abbott  (R) told people to evacuate 3 days before or the ones Mayor of Houston  (D) told everyone stay put?
You should go and be there first hand



Chuck butt the hell out!  Texans take care of their people. Unlike  your God-forsaken state
I dunno, Kendra, from here in NYC it looks like your deity is the one that has forsaken you... just sayin'. (Stay safe.)
No one in Texas follows you on twitter. Your warnings are going to New Yorkers.
.the problem is lying crying chucky is that you lie so much that when you attempt to tell the truth nobody believes you




Dont go down there Chuckles your crying will cause more flooding.
That's the very first smart thing I have ever heard you say
Texas doesn't need your commentary Senator.
Oh, spare U.S. the show Chuckles ! You could care less.
@realdonaldtrump is only getting more intense. Please heed evacuation notices & all warnings from @GOP, state and local officials.
Not Federal officials? Even with lives at stake you have to continue to play hate politics
Stop pretending as if u care why aren't u concerned of protecting our borders, thereby,keeping us safe from rapists, murderers, drug dealers
You are a New York senator why are you weighing in on this? Answer: To get attention but you won't win the presidency in the future
Chuky sound like if you care. Why not Help Maga OCare Jobs Tax. Now tou care for Texas Shame on you all
The storm was down graded!
Don't clog up the tweet lines with ur insincere political pandering
Thanks Chuck
You tell em oh Chuckie boy
Just don't listen to @SenSchumer
Why do you care Chuck 99% of those people in Texas voted against Dems!
It's cute when Chuck pretends he is actually in charge of something.
Chuck what's the latest on Russia?
I think NYer's will be fine! 
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Schumer !
To late to evacuation now your late trying show you care
Please do something about the sh*tstorm in the Oval.  He is dangerous to ALL of us.
You don't have the authority to speak for ALL of us. #MAGA
See I can like your tweet even though I'm a Republican
Well it's for sure that there health care sucks thanks to you so I don't no what you are doing worrying about them now
What's worse is pardoning a law breaking sheriff, do u even care what's going 2 happen when the ppl rise against the government?
Saw that photo in "The Perfect Storm" . Please Go to a safe place..
You're a little late on that evac thing. Eye just crossed coastline. Try to keep up!
Thank you for not just waving good luck.
@SenSchumer - TX governor said time had passed - they have to bunker down now.
Hey Chuck, when is there going to be some serious action taken against mad man 45?
Say something about this attack on the judiciary Chuck. Say something…
Chucky who are you with telling people what to do. Your not nowa
More wind from a clown trying to act with authority
Please, please listen! Save yourself and your families! Evacuate now!
Kind of late to evacuate 
Thanks Chuck!
Do something about this out of POTUS!
OUT OF CONTROL #!
Yep how do you like to hurricane and it's going to get uglier feel God's Wrath
Why don't you go and have a resist protest in corpus cristi!
Actually that's terrible advice now - you're a few hours late. The latest is for everyone to stay inside and hold it out. You are dangerous!
And ignore the bat shit crazy actions of the supposed @POTUS
Well that's disappointing - I thought all Dans were smart
Too late to evacuate
What about the Category 6 disaster that is Trump?  HE pardoned Arpaio!
Or on Gorka resignation
Meanwhile, so-called president pardoning criminal  friends.
Hey Chuck, how about commenting on that Pardon?
Hurricane Trump is more intense too
