Just as there are no answers nor response from when we will see HRC deleted emails.
My only Q: are stolen voting machines, hacked voter records & Russian active measures going to rob @ossoff of a win in GA today?
Only if the dems screw up their cheating, like Clinton's run did! Your party are the cheaters! #WakeupAmerica #MAGA
Bot Bot Bot Bot
Let's c yours Chuck see who is buying your support
Qs: Are you a nazi? How much money have you taken from Soros? What have you accomplished in office?
Jackass
The RUSSIANS did it
Spoiler #2: only Dem. politicians care about his tax return. Allows them to not do their job, they think. Do something positive 4 a change
you dems make mountains put of thin air get the message AMERICA DON'T CARE ABOUT HIS TAX RETURNS WE WANT YOU GONE
Let us know when you show is your tax returns. I think we have a right to know what your effective tax rate has been the last few decades
Bot Alert!
All elected/appointed government officials should show tax returns ALL no exceptions from Nancy Pelosi to Chuck and Trump
Amazing Largest document in Washington, IRS CODE, and not one of the IRS employees are responsible for any answers they give you. TAX Reform
It's plain to see you have not even been to a VA hospital. just like the rest of Trumps crew. You haven' lost an aircraft carrier, too.
There IS a law that the President must turn over tax returns if Congress requests them. Time to get on it, Sen Schumer?
Great idea: let's never vote for you again so we don't have to deal with crushing taxes that only work to keep people like you in power
Where are yours! Don't demand others if you can't produce your own! You work for US! Sow your returns!
Are you advising Demwits not to pay taxes now?
Your a child spiteful child . Your not in charge of the sandbox anymore wha wha wha
We dont care about PUTUS returns we want your returns
what about your tax returns Chuck?
CHILDISH TWEET
Go away trouble instigator! He's probably paid more in taxes than you've earned legally in your lifetime! #Loser #WakeupAmerica #MAGA
Sick burn, sir! 
You are a petulant child
There you go Chuck. Now tell the people what they already know. Any president of the United States does not have to release his taxes.
your so jealous of trump its amazing you can think at all....
Wow the bots are out in force!
Yes - when will @POTUS be impeached?
Right after Schumer!
How long will this BS continue?! months of talk abt investigation. We must have truth, transparency & taxes! #ReleaseYourTaxes #rules #laws
The truth is the Russian collusion theory has no evidence/fact, taxes never required of presidential candidates & transparency is there now!
AT THIS POINT ..... WHAT DIFFERENCE DOES IT MAKE 
"Hillary"
I couldn't find yours either. What are you hiding? Soros money maybe!!! @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity
Isis has your taxes Schumer.
Except that an audit doesn't mean you can't release returns.
I have a question. why did you take cash from one of the most dangerous muslims? Secret is out chuckie
Show us your taxes Schumer. I bet you donated to Islam.
The real joke is what u have accomplished as a career politician. I don't know that anyone can actually say one thing positive Chuckie!
Bot Alert!
Q:  Will DNC help @RobQuistforMT win in Montana, or let the GOP keep THAT seat TOO?
Do you want me to suck on it for you to shut your mouth ? Cc: #JohnPodesta #HillaryClinton
Thank you. Your the only politician I've seen helping people with tax issues. Practical help that's appreciated.
r I being investigated by turkey
Do you have a Big one?
I got big one.
Stop bugging us about that!
Do I have to pay my share if POTUS hasn't?
It doesn't matter if he paid $2 or $20 million. You will still complain!
Go show it
He's paid more in one year than you have over a lifetime  #QuestionsAnswered #MAGA
Yeah more than 99% of us... and so?  Do you realize how much income you have to make to pay that much in taxes?
