Wrong.As consumers r free 2 choose from insurance products they consider a value,more will enter pool 2 spread risks,price stability occurs.
No. Healthy people will be in one group of plans. Those with pre-exist conditions will be in another set. Costs will skyrocket.
Costs & deductibles have skyrocketed under Obamacare where all suffer. One size fits all artificially raises prems for all pres & healthy
Agree that costs have risen. And the @GOP led Congress could do something about that. But they are too busy sabotaging the ACA.
Costs have risen. Drs were lost. We were promised the opposite. Not by the GOP either.They warned this wld happen, now it is & u blame them?
GOP forecasts on problems and failures of Obamacare accurate,CBO's projections on exchange enrollment wildly off,yet CBO stops GOP?
CBO was pretty accurate if you factor in the GOP sabotage and states who didn't expand Medicaid.
Problem is,GOP didntsabotage.had they sabotagd ACA we wldnt have this mess.ACA was designed 2fail so congress wld hve no choice but sngl pyr
So you mean it allows us to pick insurance we want, not one that you picked.
It allows insurers to sell you insurance that, while may be cheap and have low deductibles, will not actually cover what you need.
That is Rhatigan Obamacare is now. Check out the bronze and silver plans he made people buy it be fined. They are junk. Bronze pats 60% only
Covers 60% of costs of services you may actually need and use. Big difference from the catastrophic plans Cruz Amend would allow.
Not enough the @GOP has to gut Medicaid and tank individual market. They have to screw over everyone else with health ins too.
We know this h'care aka, tax cut bill, is garbage when congress is exempt, drs & ins cos are demonstrating in the hallways! Can't be good!
FYI congress was ALSO EXEMPT from OBAMACARE. So uninformed. Smh
Democrats will be held responsible for Obamacare's implosion in the 2018 elections. Your strategy of obstruction will cost you.
Puhlleeease Just because your leader said that doesn't make it true. GOP has majority and couldn't even get a yes from their own party.
Just wait and see. Your nightmare will get worse in 2018 and you will be on suicide watch by November 9th 2020.
You have such a. If mouth fix it buddy hear nothing from you
Do you believe in a free market of not?
How would it be junk insurance? What kind of company plans to stay in business by selling junk? Obama care is junk.
This man is a fraud, demagogue, snake in the grass
This Texas voter plans to vote out @SenTedCruz first chance I get. He's extremely bad for America!!!
You mean we can actually pick the plan that covers what we want?   I wouldn't have to pay for birth control or abortions? Sounds good to me!
If you would refuse to pay for birth control or abortions, then I suppose you're volunteering to adopt all unwanted babies in your area?
How about you let me buy what I want Chuck? What a strange idea?!
Chuck you have to quit taking funds from HC Insurers, it's wrong, same Booker & Warren from drug companies. We can't afford hypocrites.
Those memes are always so factual.
Good lord. Talk about being Obtuse.
Maybe, but you know what Chuck. It would be their choice ! Not the government dictating to them what and how much you have to buy.
It allows us to pick the coverage we want and not have to support those to lazy to get a job and pay for their own ins.
#truth. Been there done that 4 20yrs 
The same crap that OBUMMER sold Americans! How much do you  pay for your health ins?
By the way Charlie, are you dumping that "junk" federal package and getting on an Obamacare Exchange?

GOOD!
Anyone that trust Ted Cruz with their life should have their head checked, and they shouldn't be allowed to vote or drive too.
Obamacare IS junk insurance. The entire country knows that! Seems a only stupid politicians which you personify don't realize it.
Hi
The insurnce I he b4 had everything I wantd&cost $3g less.1 man's junk is ano man's treasure.give me back my pre Obama treasure
I'm 26 w/perfect health.no prescriptions. Haven't been to a Drs office in years.all i want is catastrophic coverage.but that's junk to u!?
You look way older than 26 in that avi. Sure you're in perfect health?? You should probably see a doc really soon.
So it would be just like obamacare. Much higher premiums. I would think a dumbass loke schumer would like that.
Because the rocket scientists put all insured I to The same risk pool. Go take an economic course or 2.
You are small and diminished
My out of pocket cost are #$3500 deductibles
I ask again and have not received a answer. My deductible is 3,200 and I know people who have higher deductibles. How is that affordable?
I'm still waiting for the $2500/yr decrease that Obama promised us - instead, my insurance cost almost doubled. Democrats are liars.
Uh huh, ok. Unlike the GOP...?
Satisfactory
?-answer - reason DT doesnt come up w plan on these issues Then he doesnt have responsibility for failure. He can blame it in something else
Like Obamacare does?
You and your hags have made your money off the HARD working people!!! Time to give up and retire. Your to old and out of touch!!
STOP THE OBSTRUCTION!! No one with health care will be on you CHUCKY
No it won't.  Quit lying.
What right do you have to tell two other parties they can't do business together the way they want to?
What is it that makes you think you're some kind of expert on health insurance, anyway?
"Junk insurance"? You mean that stuff that we were so happy with before Obamacare? That had premiums & deductibles we could AFFORD?  #Idiot
Sir, I think the phrase, "If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor" was junk insurance, wasn't it? It cost Americans dearly.
junk insurance is what most americans had thru #Obamacare. #ProtectOurCare ?
it's too late for that
@POTUS please add a mandate to ACA and require congressmen and senators to buy Obamacare. Please please please make them.
We lost our "Cadillac" insurance b/c non union employer. Our out of pocket went up 500%. What about us? #MassiveDeductible
It's not your business what policies people want to buy. Why should have to listen while you tell them what they need. Why don't u enroll.
@SenTedCruz is all about show and only substance to the 1% who pay him extra.
He's crazy!
You are either clueless or a fabulous liar.....
BS.
My dem demanded health ins is already 2x my mortgage. Who cares. With your ideas this country will collapse anyway
I don't remember you worrying about my out of pocket costs when you passed the ACA. You people make me sick.  Both sides. #TermLimits

Crying chucky. When the GOP goes for a full repeal maybe you will start working on solving some our problems.
Cryin' Chuck Lyin' about healthcare again just like he did on NObamacare. #zerocredibility
What you going to do to nullify McConnell latest. Repeal only now replace in 2 yrs
& your degree is in ?  underwater basket weaving?
That is what the Obamacare bronze and silver plans are. You did not seem concerned then. You became a mere politician. So sad such a loss
Liar. They will have many plans to chose from and won't have to pay for stuff they don't need. Not just one high cost plan for all.
Cryin chuck get out of @realDonaldTrump  way - you need to be strong on taxes and immigration if you want reelection
Cruz amend creates two pools. For younger and healthy it's cheaper. But for older and sick it's outrageously expensive. Unworkable
I guess you dont believe in freedom
Chuck, citizens would be intelligent enough not to buy what may or may not be a junk healthcare program. The real junk was Obamacare.
Evil that's all
If ACA IS YOUR RESUME, Please leave this alone.
@SenSchumer it makes no sense that you know what your talking about. What exactly is your experience in managing a health system?
Your #Republican colleagues are starting to agree. 2 more Senators won't vote for #Trumpcare! Immoral bill doa!

#MAGA #FoxNews #Resist
I really don't care what u think. Whatever plan comes up all of u better be on it with us.
ACA is a total failure, The Democrats on that lock stock and barrel
Let Ted have that plan.
What's the point of buying cheap insurance if it doesn't cover anything worthwhile? Kind of defeats the purpose of having insurance.
So your answer is?
We r so close to kids Medicaid redesign in NY! Cuts will hurt kids with MH/DD community and home services! Stay the course! #KilltheBill
Healthcare is meant to distract from obstruction from the left.
Lets discuss all the back room deals McConnell has been offering Senators so they will vote yes.  Senator Johnson is mad about this.
Where is Barry care are you and the Dims owning that
Why is it even allowed.  Where is the morality in that.
Cruz is crazy.  We don't want junk insurance!
No it would allow them to have choices, which we don't currently have.
Nothing increases out of pocket expenses like ur beloved obama care does right now Why didn't u say something about this junk hc law
Okay let's put on the pressure
We need to make sure that the insurance policies available are all QUALITY plans. Junk plans are called junk for a reason!!
#SaveACA #ACAonbrink
You're a fraud Schumer. You shouldn't determine the health insurance we choose to purchase.  Venezuela is perfect for u and your team.
Increase their cost and provide them far less when they truly need it! They're luring you into false sense of security! Don't take the bait!

.@USRepKCastor Chuck, Since when is choice a negative? Only since dims decided socialism is queen.
Lies... it's a trade off ...tell the whole story putz
Why R taxpayers paying for sex reassignment in the military?  It is very expensive, long recovery and probably unnerving to other soldiers.
#Over500000AmericansDiedToGiveUs
#13Amendment
and #NowYouWantTo
#ForceAmericansToLaborForTheBenefitOfAnother ?
#PleaseRethink
Junk insurance is a scam and it is ridiculous for Cruz to support it, unless he gets something from those ins companies, hmmm...
Looks like you're going to miss out on some of that insurance money back door pocket change
Even insurance carriers think it's mean and asked it be rejected.
@SenSchumer is it true if the plan doesn't cover illness or disease you are banned for 6 months before you can buy another plan ?
Sorry Chuck, don't believe you anymore.
Why do i pay higher premiums so Mr and miss smoker and overweight can have have free insurance??

More lies please just repeal obamacare so I dont pay penalties for not being able to afford obamacare
Stop the madness! Introduce a bill taxing every citizen, corporation etc., with both earned income and capital gains 100%.
Redistribute evenly based on headcount to all head of households. Then it will be fair. @SenSanders will get it done if you are too weak.
Why not put a price on Medicare and let people buy it if they want it?
We had junk ins.B4 the ACA&it covered nothing!If states get to decide,trust me,TX will B happy to screw her folks,once again!Cruz knows that
Prove it or stop with the #bullshit. where is the link.
Don't forget the Cruz Amendment will not be included in CBO score since they "forgot" to send it in with the original bill.
Like you know what your talking about.  Just shut up and get a real job
Cruz is a Trump minion. Most Republicans are... Minions to money
Cruz is ready tuning for 2020
How cares u must make sure the bill fails period
Hey, what's going on with #SusanRice ?
And that is a choice I'll make if it comes to that paying $15k in ins & premiums I think is unfair Chuck. What do you think
please resign now
Sounds exactly like Obamacrap.
Cruz is not the brightest bulb in the store
And it would devistate many average Americans unfortunate enough to ever get sick.

U kno what wuld b nice Chuck is if u & the rest of th useless self servin Congress & govt got out of healthcare. Free markets is the answer.
Can't be worse then what we have with ACA

Please put forward a #Singlepayer HC bill to the American people in defiance of gop leaving u out! #Concare is a #taxcut Be bold!
Can you do anything about the arrest of the reverends at Mitch McConnell's office?
I WOULD LOVE OBAMACARE TOO IF I DIDN"T HAVE TO PAY FOR IT!!WHO WOULDN'T??!THAT'S A NO BRAINER! OBAMACARE SUCKS FOR THOSE WHO HAVE TO PAY4IT
#DemocraticPropaganda that's all your party says anymore
Well you know these for-profit corps have to make enough money so their CEOs done go to the poor house. #SinglePayerNow #NoTrumpcare
Insurance companies should be booted out, enough gouging of American peeps #SinglePayer #universalheathcare
TALK TO THOSE OF US THAT ACTUALLY PAY FOR OBAMACARE! NOT THE ONES WHO GET IT FOR FREE!!!!!!!
What ever the insurance looks like it should be illegal for congress to exempt themselves. If it's good enough for us, why not them
Junk Insurance is accurate and honest!
Your credibility is about as solid as Obamacare. If you don't understand it, that means zilch.
We saw what he was made of during the presidential campaign. But now like a nightmare he is back. How do we stop him?
Thank you for continuing to fight for all Americans 
The ACA is junk insurance for anyone not on medicaid.
Government shouldn't be involved in private healthcare. BUT, it is so, What are you going to do to make it better? Ansewr that @SenSchumer
They may choose to pay higher out of pocket WHEN they need it, instead of paying higher out of pocket EVERY month.
what an evil man. Yet he never goes away.
Your power grab is slipping from your fingers. You and your kind are done for.  Theirs a new sheriff in town....DJT
@SenTedCruz does not care about the American people. He's pandering to the 1%.
The 1% are also American people
I wanna see some more tears chucky boy mommy would be so proud thinking you have a heart, she knws u dnt hve brains she the 1 that dropd you
You had you're chance! Shut up and get back in the sandbox

To bad Chuck can't admit he lied the whole time he kept saying Trump was under FBI investigation when he was briefed he was not before hand.
Of course it would.
It will also increase the burden on unnecessary emergency room visits because the junk policies cover nothing.  Back to the days before ACA
Make sure Cruz has to have this policy and ONLY this policy!!
'Junk' to you is 'catastrophic' insurance to me.I'd happily be price conscience on healthcare and reduce my premiums for a higher deductible

If that's what I want y should you care. How about if I buy a junk car. Are u telling me I can't

Once, in 3rd grade, @tedcruz did something nice for another person. It's been downhill ever since.



Chuckie why don't you reply to comment cause you ain't doing shit in http://washington.you  got plenty of time
They think the average Joe don't know how crooked they are they are morons
Quit spewing lies Chuckie
$0 out of pocket -
The Democrats acting like a Health Insurance claim:  Delay, Deny and Discourage!  Obamacare has failed and is killing Americans!
You say it's junk.  If the premium is good and person wants to but it, who are you to say it is junk??? Gov't shouldn't dictate
And sign before you read  is annnny better there for us clown face,death spiral on its way ,just sit back and watch you crash and burn
You base this on What? The crap policies the ACA forces people to buy that are unusable. Tell me again what your policy is based on
Thank you Senator Schumer!  We should ask Cruz, who is willing to buy junk plans that may not cover anything.  Medications or hospital.
All Replication Senators have 1 brain cell. Y don't u allow the public 2 have your health insurance plans? We can't afford it that's Y!!
You're allowed. Just make more money.
Why would anybody believe what you day about health care after the predicted monstrosity that is the ACA?
Sir, you are not someone I consider knowledgeable; you never read EITHER bill. But you can lie to the people of NYS well. #DrainTheSwamp
.@lisamurkowski @SenCapito @SenDeanHeller @SenRobPortman - @SenMajLdr's #BRCA: No complete CBO’ assessment, No Vote! @SenSchumer
That is so false. Shame on you. You should sign up for ocare if it is so good, eh?
No kidding,but get him votes from those who don't give a damn about anyone but themselves. Junk ins = serious illness or injury paid by All
Do you know what's really sad? Your questions don't have question marks.
i have junk insurance now..deduct to high to use but at least i have breast cancer screening coverage...wait i am a male. Thanks Chuckie
Lies
Thereby increasing medical costs for everyone when those with the junk ins cannot pay for their care.
Why do I get the feeling you're about to start crying?
You truly have never functioned as a middle class citizen choosing your own plan &  filing your own claims, have you?
I dont think he knows how to wope his own butt ,think mommy still does it
Cruz most hated senator as of today
No surprise Cruz out to screw everyone
That is so misinformed
Cash money
One who promoted the lies of ACA should not be accusing GOP of selling junk insurance. 20 Trillion in Debt & counting. You are not credible.
Care to clarify what those lies were?  ACA made junk policies illegal.  Now c'mon, give me a fact, Charlie.
My policy is junk. Up 200% in 8yrs and double copay. Can't keep the Dr I want. That's junk. There's your proof.
When employers/people change ins cos they may not get same Dr as drs don't accept all ins. Does Ur policy cover stuff unlike JUNK policies
Trump care sucks just as bad and Obama care. They both r nothing more than the Washington swamp trying to gain control of America.
