DACA has allowed Diana to go back to school, find a steady job, and focus on her grades. She says DACA has given her life consistency.
That's great BUT tell that to the women that have been raped, identities stolen, millions given to illegals and not Veterans in need.
Yes more $ is given to illegals than funding for mental health of our vets. Trump tried w/ immigrant reform.  Didn't pass. Just sad.
You mean you didn't know American citizens are second-class citizens until tax time and election time
Diana & nearly 800,000 immigrant youth like her are the embodiment of our American values but their futures, and that of DACA, is uncertain.
And it's your fault for not legislating their solution. A real twit!
Ending #DACA would crush the dreams of a generation of immigrants. We can't sit idly by and let this happen. #DefendDACA
Absolutely no amnesty & an end to anchor babies.
Google and YouTube the best thing that ever happened to every crooked deceptive politician in Washington the truth is now too easy to find
You and the democrats didnt seem to have a problem with how she felt publicly back then
Did Diana start the process to become a citizen when she became of legal age?
Good question.
There is NO path for citizenship for the vast majority of Dreamer kids
Exceptions: 1)marriage 2)apply 16 yrs ago as special skills worker  3)seek asylum 4)crime victim pigeon
This is why we need #immigrationReform NOW (actually years ago)
You sure hated illegal immigration 8yrs ago. What changed, Chucky?
https://youtu.be/MOUGPqtxZSc 
Maybe we should stop calling them illegals, and instead call them  settlers. I mean it worked before.
Mexico's past Presidente advocated for Mexico to regain its former lands by repopulating them illegally.  Baja looks very inviting. 
You must first find the "LOOPHOLE "
Schemer get a life
u don't defend our legal citizen prisoners & excuse their crimes so why do u do it with theirs? Illegal = criminal = deportation
She shouldn't say it out loud? Do bank robbers yell they robbed a bank? Illegal is illegal. Deuche Bag
oh yes, these lovely Screamers.
.@USRepKCastor .@SenBillNelson How will you fix the problem for ALL Americans, especially the ones that are here legally or are citizens?
#TermLimits 
You were always there every step in causing this illegal immigration problem! WE THE PPL will solve it! 
Are you saying she belongs here? Bc she does not. POLITICIANS manage CRISIS. Public Servants SOLVE PROBLEMS. U suck!
How much $$ did you make to act like you care this time chuck
And like every illegal in this country have her entire adult life up to this point to make it right but didn't too bad so sad we have laws
So she's been trained since childhood how to properly be illegal
Spreading fake news. This story is just that...fiction.
"Never say it out loud" hummm ok 2teach children 2hide their ID to get over: beginnings of deceit stealing fraud disingenuous entitlement
I hope you have the will and the guts to fight for her as if she is YOUR family. Someone fought for our families a century ago.
What about the constitution? What about homeless and hopeless Americans? Seems, congress doesn't care about struggling middle class citizens
It's not America's fault her parents snuck into the country. Americans have no obligation to take care of illegal aliens.
I am surrounded by illegals who run, hide, carry guns and use dead people's social security numbers to work outta trucks doing Day labor!
When will this nightmare be over? A massive twitter movement is being planned to humiliate Dolt 45 even more and get to his ego
All of these Dreamers have illegal parents who R working off the books, their whole time in states.  Don't contribute taxes 2 kids or commty
SEATTLE –  A 23-year-old DREAMer in Washington state is accused of brutally raping a 19-year-old woman???
Then become an American NOW
That's the problem. Someone knew she was undocumented and did not care
@SenSchumer doesn't give a crap about anything but his salary.
By putting her in a dangerous situation of crossing a broader ILLEGALLY! put blame where it belongs!
Her parents should be charged for endangering the welfare of a child, ...
Hey was wipe if she came here illegally she should be deported.  She is a felon!  What part of this don't you understand?
How old were you when you discovered you had no integrity? Shhh don't say it out loud
Last time I looked, colleges require a social security number in order to register and get credit for courses.
What is wrong with coming to our country legally?  Pay taxes..become a citizen and you are allowed to be apart of the USA  Asking? 
Undocumented is only a PC way of saying illegal or unlawful!  Stop mincing words!
It is not racist to want illegal immigration to end

Illegal is illegal, why can't you understand this.??
Good
Sad, that people are using children as pawns. WARNING are enemy does this in war.
Elizabeth is right you are everything that's wrong with American values
Yes and poor Manny was only 22 when he raped and killed a 14 yr old girl when he too found he was undocumented. Let's protect poor Manny.
Have a nice trip home Diana. Get in the back of the line!
So your harboring a criminal! What other greater crimes are you hiding Sir??
http://www.breitbart.com/london/2017/08/30/rimini-attack-muslim-cultural-mediator-says-rape-can-enjoyed-like-normal-intercourse-woman-becomes-calm/amp/ … This a reason why all illegals must go
Why are you ok with Cuomo raiding NYS pensions 2 pay 4 "free college"? NYS retirees dreams being crushed!!!
Yup N.Y. is going to follow other states with that college program.  They found out they couldn't fund it.
WHAT ABOUT AMERICANS THAT DREAM.LETS CARE ABOUT THEM  NOW.END DACA .DREAMERS ARE ALSO GANG MEMBERS, DRUG SMUGGLERS, DRUG DEALERS ALSO.
Maybe the parents should have waited to come to the U.S.  the LEGAL way then this child wouldnt have to hide anything. You ASSUME gender?
Are u EVER going 2 fully support @sensanders' 4 President,RU EVER going 2 do something 2 redeem ur soul.Ur approaching the 18th hole of life
Shame on her parents
Try defending American citizens
I " dream" I'm a PGA tour pro, but that doesn't make me one. Not a citizen sorry.
Rule of law is not hate. Be here legally or get out
Boo hoo
What are you doing to establish a route for making undocumented documented so they can stay? Provide solution options or get out of the way!
undocumented have no right here. Period. That's your problem, u believe "we" should pay 4 every1. Those resources could b used by citizens
Should American taxpayers feel bad that they provided her with a free education when her parents broke the law & came here illegally?
Why was she lied too for 12 yeats
Thats on the parents not comming here legally!! The PARENTS ACTIONS are the reason the child is in this situation.
What do you say to the 800,000 people waiting in line to LEGALLY come into this Country, that these ILLEGALS are take the place of Chucky?
Not undocumented ILLEGAL
@SenSchumer . "Crying Chuck" lol. How bout doing something constructive like declaring ANTIFA a domestic terrorist group doing ur dirty work

Yes! That's what happens when your parents break the law. The kids suffer...so DON'T BREAK THE LAW!!!
Follow the law chucky
Thank you Senator Schmuer, your support of our immigrants, and their children, is inspiring and supported. Our immigrants are important.
I agree when they follow the law. When they are illegals NO! Load them up and ship them out
It's good to see these people holding fully formed opinions when they have virtually no information about the 12-year-old's situation.
Seems like she's had time to get documented and chose to remain an illegal. Need to be American to get that American dream. Please retire!
She has to go back.
Well, parents had all this time to apply for citizenship
And Chuck Schumer was in government when you were 27 years old. Go try a real job for 6 month's and come back at me chuck. ....
https://twitter.com/real_jamielshaw/status/903060904714964993 …
Her parents should be ashamed for the lie that they live and involve their children
So great how Dems choose which laws they want to follow.  You don't like it?  CHANGE the damn law.
Crooked Chuck Schumer. Hes in the pocket of the lobbyists. An embarrassment to America
Good now deport her
to be clear, a mother taught her daughter how to commit and conceal crime at the tender age of 12?
Whaaat???
Oh well she blame her illegal parents for that
So that makes it right? Well does not supprise me since Congress is full of a bunch of liers
We need to help the DREAMERS . WE ARE AMERICA  .
She should blame her parents not the US. They are lillegal. That makes her illegal. The law is the law. But dems don't want to enforce.
Why is Mr Schumer that breaking the laws of U.S is ok? We have an immigration system and there are people trying to do it the right way.
Now we have Diana, the illegal alien anarchist, promoting sedition.  Tell her to take it up with her illegal parents, they put her in it
DACA doesn't help America or Americans. This is a costly Socialist program that costs American students a chance to attend college.
Can I break the law (say  like - not pay taxes that support your nice salary). Will you then have sympathy for me ?  USA
We are a sovereign nation with laws
And / what about your story of her illegal parents ( tell us about their reason for putting Diana in this position)

Its against the LAW chuck why cant a LAW MAKER in washington grasp that concept since you cant...YOU SHOULDNT BE THERE
Out of everything u couldve posted 2day u felt this is what u needed 2 post
What about all of the people in Texas U have nothing 2say 2 them
1 last thing I won't vote 4 u or my family I think A LOT MORE NEW YORKERS WONT VOTE 4 U & Your like a cooked turkey your pop-up just Popped
Your not saying much about them?
What about all of the waitresses that make Nothing but still pay taxes.This Chuck is why people don't like
& got their papers! They are the backbone of NY but those elderly people live in a old folks home crammed into a room w/20 other people!
This really ticks me off that you put this up & every1 is suppose 2 feel bad about it. What about our elderly people who are immigrants &
We had 2 loose everything be4 we could get ANY kind of help. My 1st job was on the books! I started paying taxes @ 16yrs old & went 2 school
Oh no. We should spend millions on govt for this one case. Mr croc tears u have a lot to learn. America first. Repeat, America First
Stop calling illegals undocumented.  Illegals are here illegally.  They broke the law and they took another's place for legal residence!
I'm terminally ill right now I have a 20yr old son that has taken care of me 4 4yrs now!He's been in the Army National Guard since he was 17
That's her parents fault not everybody else in American
So chuck your saying it's ok not 2 pay taxes or obey the law? Your telling all of these illegal immigrants that this is ok & NY is ok w/this
Her pars ts should be arrested.
There is a place for Mexicans.

It is called “Mexico"
Chuck, say it with me... ILLEGAL, not undocumented.  Is a drug dealer merely an unlicensed pharmacist?  C'mon Chuck, think with that brain!
Sounds like she had shit parents.
How many Americans have to die before you care about us? I know you have never held a real job and it looks like you need to be voted out.
Wow. Crying Chuck. Could you spare a moment and try to bring  us together. We have real suffering happening. Not just your props
I am all for protecting the DACA children, but I have to ask. Where in the hell were you in the past 8 years and what did u do to help them
Diana isn't undocumented! She and her parents are illegal Invaders!
That's her parents fault! Blame them!
Dear chuck, Texas and LA need ur attention. U all make me sick. #TexasStrong
Thought you Swore to uphold the constitution and the LAW CHUCKIE. Why do you PROMOTE PEOPLE CROSSING OUR BORDER ILLEGALLY YOU HYPOCRITE
At want point are you going to advocate so hard for us Americans? Can't you see that we need help
TOUGH CRAP!! Send her back!!
That's because she was breaking the law.
Why are you so ignorant of this?
U mean when she found out her parents were criminals. And that neither her or they would ever pay taxes for anything. And U defend this?
At twelve, what did she bring with her? Did she have any disease or was she pregnant! Who supported her who paid for her needs Did our taxes
I'll not shed a single tear for any illegal aliens. Your sob stories might work on your LIV but we need to focus on Americans not illegals.
Stop Cherry  picking ChuckGive the overall pic of illegalsThere r sad stories everywhereThese stories start w/whether it was legal
Someone broke the law somewhere and there are consequences for thatAnd if a Senator,judge or law enforcers think it's ok, you're crooked
Come right out with it Senator! Undocumented= illegal. C'mon you can say it. We all know already. Can't choose which laws t to enforce!
We all need to back trump right or wrong he is our president

Democrats gave a STANDING OVATION for a wall & deporting illegal aliens committing crimes
So why aren't we educating the parents to tell these kids the truth when they come here. You stand a chance of being deported.
Why would u teach children to be dishonest?  We have to pay for everyone.  I make minimum wage and can not afird birthday gifts or Christmas
She is no longer 12 so why is she still illegal ? Must be deported.
Are you praying for Texas or illegals?
Chuck should focus on if democrats don't get tax relief? It will be 100% on him and congress!
When are you going to call out Antifa? American patriots support those who support Americans. Why do you support illegals aliens? #trump
ILLEGAL.... KEY WORD...
And didn't you just excoriate Trumps pardon as against the rule of law? You don't care about law. Using kids to get immigrant votes. Evil
deport, no negotiating the crime, we cannot afford to take care of everyone, let them fix their own country
OBSTRUCTIONIST....
Senator you obstruct justice with sanctuary cities and dreamers act. You rally against Trump yet you obstruct justice #NashvilleStatement
Now we know. She's gotta go today.
Mr Schumer. They shouldn't say anything until you and congress get off your butts and come up with real reform. You complain and do nothing
Sorry honey, it's not fair what your parents did to you, but this is their fault.
Illegal is illegal.  The law is the law You can't pick and choose which group has the right to ignore it!!!
Your coordianted effort to make sure Americans cannot move forward ought to be criminal. Imagine Dems would tell you to be silent too!
So ship her the hell out of the US! She's breaking the law as an illegal
So as long as you can blame it on Momm and Daddy there should be no consequences! Interesting!
Oh well.  Go back and do it right. Your parents broke the law and it affected you. That's not our fault, it's yours. Chuck, stop pandering
Illegal is criminal - go back to where you came from dreamer
It truly sucks when an elected representative of American citizens puts those very citizens behind people who can't even vote
It's a slap in the face to nationalities that came here the LEGAL WAY. Trump has NEVER been Racist, he just believes in American Law.
I am honestly curious. Does Diana want to become a US citizen?
You honestly think she wouldn't?
Hey Chuck Schumer - What are you doing to help Americans and Immigrants down in Texas? Get off you're lazy ass, go down there and help!
What about the legal child that can't find a job because so many Dacia people have jobs? What would happen in Mexico if some one worked ileg
How about those folks waiting their turn in their home countries?
Did u star in the mr freeze Santa special?  U look and cry just like him
After reading her story it is clear that she still doesn't understand breaking the has consequences 
She is an illegal immigrant!!! illegal. should not be getting anything she should enter the COUNTRY the LEGAL way like my grandparents did.
Deport
HEY @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi MUST DACA COLLECT WELFARE, TAX CHEATED, MS13, NOT EDUCATION. MUST DACA TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE  PUIC BENEFITS
The #Pelosi 8 year old was actually part of MS13 and no child. So tell the truth as to what the #Dems created with their lies
Did her parents accept responsibility and either a) move to a country in which they have legal residence or b) become citizens?
How terrible to know that you have been brought into the country illegal by criminal parents.
Pray for the ppl in Texas!
If your undocumented you will NOT be staying
Undocumented means illegal doesn't it?
They should all go home & MAKE THEIR COUNTRIES GREAT!
Everyone is welcome to usa.
You take her to your house and sponsee her
Boo HOO!
Who cares we have real issues chuck!! Texas and LA
If she's a gang member deport her
So, does that make it right?
Dreamers are the fruit of an illegal act, if we let the kids of bank robbers keep the money, some would use it for an education and job
Then become legal like everyone else that has come
Obama deported more immigrants than Trump. Why didn't you say anything then. Hypocrite
What message does DACA send to those waiting and doing it the right way????
Undocumented = Illegal    DOWN WITH #DACA    Legally immigrate like our grandparents.
Chucky Not undocumented you nut. Illegal alien is the definition. I feel empathy for her, however not you.
she was told not to say it out loud because her parents had her here illegally probably using STOLEN SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS. American first
What about the young citizens of the US?  Take care of our own instead of throwing them away for the illegals. We would have less crime.
Maybe her parents should've came here LEGALLY like millions of others
She learned criminal behavior at a young age!
More potential democrat voters, soon we will be a socialist nation thanks to the democrats.
Then she should be deported.
Because she's illegal and her parents are criminals who put her at risk and had her steal resources from citizens. Family, leave.
Get legal! Problem Solved!!!+
