Usual for the republicans! Middle class is the engine that drives this country! Not lining millionaires pockets!
For 8 years obama and democrats crushed the middle class. It's hypocritical to hear dems say they are fighting for them. We aren't stupid
Remember 2008? I do. Quit taking FOX as gospel and do some research from a neutral source. 8 mos. in, Repubs in control, have done nothing.
Wouldn't it be better for us to keep our own money rather than funnel it through your hands?
No it isn't. It not about the people. It's about funding. That's the Republican way. Wake up America. Get these people out in 2018.
They gave you Trump. Thief and traitor. Tried to deprive 24 million of healthcare. Destroy Medicare. How can anybody vote them back in.
We all learned decades ago that trickle down doesn't work. It's a scam by the ruling wealthy class & corporations.
But half the nation continues to vote against their own best interest
Schools don't teach critical thinking anymore. They barely teach facts.
Agree, they're indoctrination camps run by radical leftist progressive Pukes.
You're a Bolshevik Bernie bot... gimme gimme gimme.  Strong independent feminist? You're Pathetic sweet cheeks.
Gimme gimme is the government bonds , its welfare for rich whose parasitism has no bounds. Look at @profwolff @PositiveMoneyUK @scottsantens
Government bonds aren't mandatory. Next ?
The only thing that is bad....is you
We've been on the Democrat's tax plan 4 most of the years since NAFTA was signed. It got us fewer jobs, declining wages & high unemployment
No... NAFTA is not to blame!  Free trade benefits all.  And, seriously, it is the GOP economics that never work for the middle class.
It certainly helps the nations that are selling us 500 times what they are buying from us
When you stop & think that at one time during our lifetimes this was once the manufacturing capital of the world w/a strong economy, its sad
We allow half of our population to live off of the other half. how are we going to have a strong manuf. when it's easier to collect welfare
Rewrite the rules for collecting it
Senator if trump is not going to reach out to Mexico to help out with earthquake disaster. Will you please  send a message to offer hlp.
It's a shame that Japan and Israel have offered help and the neighbor to the north does nothing. Shameful.
Thank you Mr. Schumer for standing up for the middle class.
You're really gonna pay you're fair share? #bullshit
Let's simplify taxes work with Trump.
I agree ! Anytime,anything is done to hurt the poor or Commonwealth,it has a long term negative affect on the economy. Good people suffer..
To cut taxes for corps and the already wealthy when we need to rebuild from disasters, replace infrastructure, & reduce the debt is NUTS!
Please do somthing
You are. A left socialist. Who would take your advice. Your left base?.
That's right your "fav" welfare. middle class moving even lower! Let's check out your "pay for play" no net gain in my pay check!
What programs do the middle class get? I'll take my tax cut. I don't want any handouts, just more of my own money.
@SenSchumer will you and all of the Freeloaders in DC be in Universal HC Plan or will u still have your non ACA plan?
THAT'S BECAUSE TRUMP & HIS BILLIONAIRE CABINET DON'T CARE ABOUT AMERICANS! THEY'RE TOO BUSY  MAKING $$ OFF OUR BACKS  VOTE DEMS 2018 & 2020
lol . Carol,you're some kind of stupid & ugly too
So what's the point of going to trump's dinner when you know that any policy he introduces will be harmful to most Americans
He will NEVER pass up a free gourmet dinner or free alcohol!
What programs do you feel will be cut and why do we need them?
Oh shut up career politician.  @SenateDems #careerpolitician #lazy #useless people ALL OF YOU FEAR @POTUS  Trump because he is NOT one of U
you said the same thing for years and but don,t follow thought.put coal miner out of work hurt there childen push hate to all.....
And not to mention, it SHOULD be highly illegal!
Thats not true.  Anything is better than what we have.  I am funding pharmaceutical and insurance companies with Obamacare.  Need a tax brk
Get on board with Medicare-For-All
The republicans are the party of the rich. Screw the middle class and the poor, that's their way.
Backward facts? Only to those who will not see. And Chuck has been raking in the dough and fringe benefits for years. Even Dems know that.
Repubs are the biggest takers in the system. They're shameless in their thievery. Dems aren't much better. The dollar rules DC
Yes, and bad for everyone except the 1%. Big surprise.  Keep fighting Senator.
but illegals would offset this right??
Will someone please think of the middle class. I hope people remember we're only thought of at election time. Thank you Chuck
@NancyPelosi will you/Freeloaders in DC be in Univ.HC or will you continue to have your non ACA plan? #rulesdontapplytowashington
Top 1% pay 40% of federal income tax.  Top 10% pay 90%.  Hard to give tax cuts to people that pay little or no tax.
1/ It's also bad values.  A tax plan, just like a budget, is a moral document.  This shows R's morals and values:  giving tax cuts to rich
For 8 years obama and democrats crushed the middle class. It's hypocritical to hear dems say they are fighting for them. We aren't stupid
Programs like the Christian killing, radical islam refugees? Programs like baby killing planned parenthood? Programs like mass welfare? 
Those are his voter based people.
THEN WHY ARE YOU & NANCY BREAKING BREAD WITH LIAR-IN-CHIEF INSTEAD OF TRYING TO GET HIM OUT OF THE OVAL?  We are trying to RESIST out here!
Corporate tax cut will creat tons of jobs.
Programs like @SenSanders #Medicare4All bill? Where r u Chuck? Oh wait. Having dinner with your new BF Lord Trump. #Medicare4All
CUT TAXES!!!
Any chance of you voting against horse slaughter out west
So how much should the the top 1% pay? And will senators pay the same rate?
Please let us know what you propose then. This divisiveness is old...
So support Bernie !! Get rid of the old guard in the democratic party & fight for what we want for a change. We the people remember us
I come against your evil tongue in Jesus' name. May the truth of your wicked lies be revealed. I call a cease your lies in Jesus' name. Amen
Who knows if it's true. I don't trust Chuck Schumer since he insulted his friend Hillary in a sexist way.
In a country where we value equality under the law, tax relief should be available to ALL citizens, not just the few chosen by politicians.
Don't buy into the Trump scam. Its complete bull.
Don't cave to him,your far smarter
You have done nothing but work to crush the middle class and get everyone begging the government for scraps from the dinner table.
Flat tax system please
Indeed it is! Sad These Republicans and Corporate Democrats screwing America since 1980! Smh  We Need more Progressive Democrats/Greens
@NancyPelosi Perform your magic at dinner, convince him to become a Democrat again. Thank you
OMG.....I think the middle class would prefer the $ stay in their pocket not Yours! U destroyed the poor now you're out for middle class! 
Did you tell the President that to his face last night?
Only way to fight bad policy is w/ clear powerful @DNC messaging! 
Start here: https://goo.gl/DWLcjq  c: @DonnyDeutsch @TomPerez @SenWarren
Almost no GOV Programs are as efficient as or as beneficial to the middle class as private sector growth and THEIR income to save & invest.
Chuck.  Please learn economics.  Govt spending is virtually NEVER the answer.  It only creates inefficiency, waste and disincentives.
No bad news for your slush funds! Be more efficient with funds giving and stop padding Congress pockets
Please be wary of working with *45 We all know he only cares about one thing...Donald.
and?  That's what Putin did to screw the Average Russian and the #GOP are A Okay that Trump colluded for the Win

Making America White Again
The rhetoric continues....
No , that is a republican standard.
Bad Obamacare
"Top 1%" is just the same dog whistle used by Nazis against the Jews.
I condemn all leftists using racist Marxist tactics in their politics.
You don't know diddly schmuck
Please  oh please dont let them push through their agenda - no wall! No defunding of planned parenthood! No tax cuts for the wealthiest!
I think, Chuck, and the other 3 stooges should stay.  They're great for the Republican Party
Tax revenue from wealthy can also help rebuild Houston, Florida & DONT FORGET US Virgin Islands. #Harvey #Irma
What am I missing here? DT complains about how much these hurricanes r going to cost and wants to balance them by reducing revenue? Fight em
Doing away with social engineering programs that do not work is what thw middle class needs.
All I know is we r $20 trillion in debt that Congress have accumulated over the last 16 years
Bad policy. Bad economics. That's @GOP's long-term slogan.
#votehellno
Trump/republicans want their tax cuts! Shame on them!
Wondering how we let human and labor rights be overcome by profiteering in WTO. Some reform, please.
Of course, but anything brought forward by the Republican party is going to be something that will help them. Millionaires all.
We don't need or want your help Chucky! Go away
Chuck Dems have destroyed our urban cities.  It's time to let those with leadership and an understanding of economics run things.
If congress says the middle class needs a tax cut, then give them one. Pay for it with a tax hike to the upper class. It's time....
Not cuts, just not adding more money..
Hillary hates you Chuck
Can you be more specific? Of course not. Just throw out some BS generality and let the good little sheep echo it. #MAGA
How about cutting taxes  to increase job growth.....you democrats can only think higher taxes so you can piss away money on pork!
Prez Trump is fulfilling his campaign promises & ur news cohorts r not reporting them. Economy is growing!  Work w/POTUS  2 make USA great
chucky scumer always trying to steal from the rich to line progressive pockets.
Agreed! And he's in my district! So I can vote him out. 
Right! I agree!!! Can't wait to Vote!!! This is going to be Epic! I hope @gpny or @justicedems run someone against him!
Who do you think are going to create the jobs to employ the middle class?  Not the government!
Senator, Hillary Clinton played the same game. She attacked the character of her opponent and the millions who supported him. All you got?
Trump once stated that higher taxes on the uber-wealthy would stimulate investment because it would offset the taxable income. What changed?
Middle class tax cuts stimulate the economy by giving people more purchasing power. That should be the only plan for tax "reform".
#NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReform @realDonaldTrump
Lying Chuck. Get on board and do what is right for the middle class. Tax reform must happen even if you help the 1% that don't need it.
I agree that we have a system that transfers wealth to the top but as long as you let the top contribute to campaigns, nothing will change
As the rest of us regular folk starve, the fat cats once again want a break? I need that break far worse & so do most folk.

What programs do the middle class need? We pay all the taxes and get none of the loopholes of the rich or entitlements of the poor .. fix it
Always working for the middle class, right! Putz
Why aren't you calling it what it is: transfer of wealth to top. Get ahead of the message for a change.
Like health care. Get on board.
Medicare for all. Now
Glad I'm gonna get this APPRENTICESHIP TAX CREDIT to save the middle class
8 years and doubling of the national debt. Democrats just tax and spend. Forever poor voting class.
All I need is the government to stop stealing my money
Trickle down economics again which previously failed bigly!
That's no surprise. We caught the @HouseGOP talking about it:
Well how Senator do you plan to stop the GOP from funding the rich? Inquiring minds want to know.
When Republicans talk about tax reform to benefit middle class, they propose deleting property tax & interest deductions. No benefit 2 mc.
tax cuts hurt the middle and the lower classes. for all the GOP hates spending, they need to be reminded tax cuts ARE SPENDING #spend$on1%
Good chunk of middle class  indoctrinated 2 point of  condescending ignorance. SometimesWTF! Take advantage as REPS do. I hope karma=REAL.
Fuck them.
When has the GOP ever done anything for the middle class or for the poor? why should they start now
Then doing not give him anything, he's done so much to damage our country, weaken democracy and push cruel and discriminating policy.
Surprise surprise for the enlightened. Sadly the #Trump supporters who get screwed most will never ever hear or believe it.
How sad is it that you guys are running on free everything and calling republicans racist and you still can't win.  America must hate dnc
Wrong- the middle class is going broke due to free stuff to non workers (i.e. Obamacare) and high taxes! Cut taxes, cut expenses.
Just bad period!
The people against tax cuts on this thread blow my mind! Do you really believe chuckie that no middle class/poor benefit? Wake up!
One more thing chucky boy your hair plugs really make you look good jack off
chuck you need your head checked your party is fake and Americans are coining for you / you work for people that give you money  chuck Ulie
tell them Chuck
Pass the word to #SenManchin who represents many of the poorest in this country.
this from a slumlord?
Again u play the 1% card America is awakened knows when ur lips r moving u r lying dems have never passed tax relief they pass more taxes
When are YOU and Pelosi going to try to IMPEACH tRump???
GOP false premise: Make wealthy tax entitlements w/o caveat  to expect wealthy to do"right thing" & magically create jobs, not self wealth!
@LouDobbs @seanhannity @rushlimbaugh @realDonaldTrump Schumer, exactly is the DNC plan, last 8 years sucked, why didn't you do something?
We don't need the programs. We need tax cuts.
It's also because many see themselves as middle class but are actually upper. Have plenty of extra and it does help them
With major weather related disasters, why would we want to reduce revenue? Who in the middle class complains about taxes? Increase wages!
No Democrat plan is good for Americans. Democrats just care about illegals and Muslims.
So how is his plan suppose to #MAGA again? I would like one of his supporters to explain the logic.
Absolutely no tax brakes for the rich and greedy corporations.
Chuck get a grip on reallity. Dems have forgotten the middle class, only pinning your own pockets and special interests
#Medicare4All
What did you do for the middle class?
@SenSchumer Explain how taking my money, for programs designed to help me is "better" policy, than me keeping more of my own money instead..
Then do something about it please - tax the rich, ban corporate lobbying, impeach trump and company, help save the planet.
... & bad hombres.
Chucky, if someone were dying of thirst and a republican offered that person a bottle of water, you would claim it's poison. You're poison.
@coton_luver 
It's the same old shit.Just like the old GOP. I guess Trumps New Republican White Nationalist party is a 31% party
When they succeed at starving all the working folks, whose left to buy what they're selling?
And no surprise at all.
Chuck, you & Nancy need to keep reeling this fish in! Play him like a Carp! He'll do ANYTHING for a bit of good Press! Anything
When will you stop with the constant nonsense and be a true leader,
BLAH, BLAH, BLAH. The Democratic talking points. No one believes you anymore.Get a new script.
Tsk, tsk...we are onto your kind @SenSchumer
Disgusting. THEY HAVE ENOUGH!!!
Tax cuts for businesses shld be paid for by closing BUSINESS tax loopholes / tightening business tax codes. NOT related to ind taxes at all
Pass The Taylor Force Act!
Basic economics ...  reduce taxes, increase Revenue through increase of business. Proven over and over.
Such as ??
It's all bad when it comes to this administration and congress!!
Anything Schumer says can't be trusted. Does the GOP tax plan not benefit his interest?  Is that why he's against it?
Support YOUR President.
Schumer doesn't really care about helping the American people, he is the lowest thing in the swamp.
Sorry Chuck but you don't understand how economics works !
fake politics , fake economics. less taxes for ALL is the jump start. fffft damagogue. So embarrassed that you are 1 of our lame US Senators
Come on; the whole BUSINESS of #BigGovt is to help the 1% and their #Corporations. You just like to dress it up in welfare. #CronyCapitalism
I'd rather work for a millionaire than a poor person!
Again Chuck, since when do you care about the #middleclass? Your political view has always been to steal from the middle class.
And tax heavily. Never demand accountability of tax dollars spent. If taxpayer money is wasted raise taxes - never demand accountability.
No tax plan until we see his taxes. How much money is Trump grubbing now. Show his taxes and end the corruption @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
Could use help from the Democrats
you are so wrong!  Take a look at the how much debt we have.  Why don't you do what is correct and cut the size of government
And, unless we eliminate manufacturing taxes along w/it we can't get the wage increases & affordability for everyone else!
I don't know who or how we're going to fix this mess.
Profit= revenue - expenses. So you get the biggest profit from the people w/the highest income buying goods. It's a waste if not spent!
The only way it would make any sense is if they spend 85% of their net income on paying bills & the rest in the consumer economy.
Do a little something instead of kissing his butt every time u get a chance! Let's see some pushback on pence and voter suppression
That & and if they don't spend it, we don't get anywhere near the revenue we need to eliminate the debt so the gov't can afford anything.
Most of Tax Cuts Go to Top 1%
actually the tax cuts will fund the ability for the 1% to give jobs to the middle class...
The Middle Class doesn't need programs Chuckie. We just want a livable wage and tax cuts. You and your minions are spool out of touch.
