Medicaid was never meant to cover all these ppl and u know it,  more lies from Obama care
I'm a women and the last place I would go for care is Planned Parenthood.  When is the last time they've performed a mastectomy for cancer?
They are not hospitals, ffs. It's about life saving screening.
Get life saving screening where they can actually do something about it! It will have to take place again when there is a referral. WASTE!
all PP has to do to keep 97% of their funding is stop abortions.  Why won't they?  Simple math.  #PPLIES  #PPSELLSDEADBABIES.
Republicans set standards like a limbo contest. Keep lowering the bar and praise what gets under...
You mean like you have to pass it to see what's in it?
Well that's pretty much what they're doing...
Need to cut Medicaid and manage it better. Alot of wasted money due to improper oversight and lack of good criteria and poor quality of plan

Are those Chucks clown feet.
Democrats and Hollywood..baby killers.All for abortion and selling Baby parts.Guess they do not believe God said thou shalt not kill.
To all Republicans not even attending  Town Halls, does your new Healthcare plan not cover a bruised ego?
Dems and libs can't control themselves in an adult manner. They scream, cry, throw things, burn things, may shoot somebody. So uh NO.
Stay on topic, so you're okay with what's in the Healthcare bill right now?
Ok, how can we lower costs?I have an idea get rid of the high $  insurance companies in charge of us.Medicare for all...#MEDICAREFORALL
We lower costs by allowing variable coverage policies at different rates instead of one size for all,quit using common core,try common sense
You think you & your family is going to go through life without getting sick dream on. Insurance companies are crushing us.#Medicareforall
You really think jerks like Schumer are gonna solve your problems..free health care means nothing if your broke from overtaxation to pay it
My tax is one person $1400.00 a month to an insurance company of which I have no leverage.#medicareforall
Well under Obamacare we lost our only county hospital. No Emergency Room!! YOU DEMOCRATS DID THIS!! NOT REPUBLICANS. You screwed the pooch!
Um that's because your REPUBLICAN governor IN TEXAS rejected the Medicaid expansion. Rural hospitals in NYS expanded under ACA.

It actually means "friends" or "allies", and most Texans very much care about the entire Country.
You don't seem to have a sense of humor. Too bad. And I know what Texas or Tejas means.
They don't care.
Medicaid...Dems give it to illegals.Those who never worked and those who have illegitimate  children+milk the system.Schumer n Pelosi Yuk
Democrats are trying to destroy American values.Give to anyone and abuse Americans who truly work to make a living.Get lost.q
No cuts U liar liar...everybody grandfathered in. They can keep their FREE SHIT. after EIGHT YEARS fewer new enrollee
Good they will be less able to kill babies
Mr Schumer are YOU using Obama care? Yes or No
There should be no PP clinics. Use your local healthcare provider. Defund PP now!
Yay!!!!!
I sure hope the GOP's healthcare plan will cover Bannon's liver replacement
At least the GOP will save money on Healthcare by ditching Chiropractor coverage. No need for one without a spine.
Yes everyone who is spreading lies and doing hard to the country should have cuts ti their state unless they are voted out of office
Please pay more of your millions to the IRS to help fund Medicaid 
If u told the truth ur teeth would probably crack
So get a job!!!  Off your ass and on your feet!!
Chuck the obstructionist
If they have a FREE MARKET they will get something better they you have to offer.
And how many 1,000s healthcare jobs? How many rural hospitals & senior care centers will close? @SenateGOP @SenSchumer @SenCorker #medicaid
Just a thought, can #wealthcare be challenged by the Constitutional right to see a doctor w/o driving a significant distance under"Life"part
New York State can pay for abortions.
We taxpayers will allow other #PPFA charge backs.
Be sensible!
Support our President, Donald Trump.
Always waiting for someone to do your work for you
False & lie America do not believe this person His on ambition is to Line his pockets with money & tax the working people of r country
No worries Chucky, you Dems will always leach the money from taxpayers to pay for free healthcare to the masses !! You should give ur salary
Blah blah blah
Good maybe they will get jobs and pay like the rest of us
Fake news medicaid goes up.
Where can we go now @SenSchumer ?
Cant they just go where you go Schmucky?? Oh, thats right...youve never been on Ocare..have ya....
Send them to India or Mexico where healthcare is cheaper due to the lack of crap like this...
chuck  need to resigned now
Lol schumer is a joke of a senator...the quality of life is below the standard of most states in the union.....good luck New Yorkers
To Doctors you old fool. Have we EVER let our poor down.
They should consult with the Democrat death panels.
Go to Canada. The dems want a single payer anyway. Let's see how that junk works for ya.
SENATORS DO YOU BELIEVEIN GOD ?THE BIBLE ;IT PREDICTS A POSSIBLE FUTURE! I HAVE ALTERED MANY EVENTS ;THIS HEALTH IS ANOTHER.;IT WILL HURT US
By the way, have walked across and offered hand to build a new plan? Or just condemn ?

Canada !!!
You no Chuck once you start sucking on the government tit it never stops.
PPFA is what?
We have lived in NY our entire lives.My wife and daughter go to an OBGYN on a regular schedule NOT PLANNED PARENTHOOD.There are options
They are not cutting Medicaid. They are slowing down the rate of growth. Quit lying to the American people
Planned parenthood has plenty of $!  They sell baby parts! You are such a man with integrity! LOL  You have NONE nor ETHICS! What a legacy!
Bring out the pictures starving people in wheelchairs Chuck.
Youre Governor and NY Mayor couldnt administer anything even if they had the money!
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Mr.Schumer!!

Push @POTUS  nominees http://through.You  Chuck are the problem start being part of the solution!
Chucky u mean abortions
chuck is a dumbbell
You could pay for it out of your own pocket, chuckles. Nobody's stopping you or other bleeding hearts from killing the unborn on your own.
Resistance call ur senator!!
How 'bout Cuba.  I heard they're the best.
And it's OK for the middle class to shoulder the burden of the ACA?  It's OK for so many to be FUNCTIONALLY UNINSURED? That's NOT "mean."
ACA got rid of choice- how's that working in rural communities?  Keep bitching and NOT helping.  Time for NY to get rid of its senators!
2018 may be the ultimate wake up call for democRats!
We all know( even if you don't) that socialism doesn't work. Ocare was an attempt to force socialism down our throats. We don't want it!!!!
We don't want the democrats help on healthcare because all y'all want is that communist Obamacare. We don't want nothing forced on us!
Where will they go for abortions Chuck?  PP does not provide general health care, mammograms or prenatal care. It's an abortion clinic!
The @GOP should pass ANYTHING on healthcare just to get rid of that garbage Obamacare!
Uhoh
How about they do what most of us do find a job that has coverage and not rely  on government entitlements?
So the people who don't deserve Medicaid are going to be taken off and you think that's a crime you need to go look back in the mirror

They have Obamacare. That should be enough according to every lying democrat.

Some people drawing can work. It needs some cuts. Government needs to cut spending.
The same place they have been going to!Unless. If there was a law against Lying to the citizens, you Chucky, would be in jail for life!
Are you even capable of telling the truth
Maybe they can go where you go Senator, why do you not have the same coverage as the rest of the USA
Maybe a Job Fair?
Shut up Chuck with your obstruction
Planned parenthood should then just fund themselves no taxpayer money needed like most other clinics
Let's talk about your "Gold" Ins policy we Citizens buy Gov emp's. Why aren't you Ins'd buy ACA?
Do you realize that killing babies is not something that God likes?
Do you realize letting children, elderly and disabled die of treatable injuries, conditions and diseases is not something God likes either?
Chuckie,please retire,you cant polish a turd as in Obamacare
You guys wanted to wipe out the middle class and Christianity.
That's not their agenda.  Every day lies.
They should get #Obamacare  !  Oh wait no one can afford it !

To the thousands of clinics that provide health care rather than just abortions. PP would have to cut back on their donations to you, sad !
Thought everyone was covered under ACA?Why wouldn't they go to a doctor?
Now ur worried about hitting NY communities hard? Ur team stripped healthcare & pensions from 21k Delphi retirees. It means $151M/yr to WNY
Where's your pink hat?
The clinic down the block.
U allowed Obama to spend funds without Congressional approval. Judge Collyer ruled Obama admin violated the Constitution.

They don't get quality care now. The system is a mess.
Chuck Schumer @SenSchumer for DNC chairman
Maybe you and your friends could did into you deep pockets to pay for
chuck your full of it stop your lies most Americans can see it ass
More people covered, with better care for less money. Anything else is failure.
NY taxes people out of homes. Whose homeless population was up 40% Trains being held together with tape & Mayor is a terrorist. Your watch!
STOP @NYGovCuomo IS RAISING THE PROPERTY TAX TO PAY FOR YOUR FREELOADERS, ILLEGALS, by punishing NYers
Sir stop taking us New Yorkers for idiots!! I'm imploring you to retire with your 200,000 pension and health insurance retire
NAVY VETERAN!!
Things they do not want you to know. The bill is great. Never mind the fine print, just pass it. It is great, not mean at all
Over the border, perhaps. Not being facetious. 
Be a good liberal and destroy something good & wholesome today.
Sir you will say and do anything to obstruct, what you're saying is simply not true retire please!! you are killing America..
NAVY VETERAN!.
Charities who don't do abortions? My question for you ; without PP how will you keep the black birth rate down?
Maybe Massachusetts
If they have a love of freedom, they'll leave the Peoples Republik of New York and come to freedom loving, low tax job dynamo Texas.

Just like a Dem. Hasnt seen it but spreads fear. U r no help 2 USA. There 50 states. NY doesn't run the rest. #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp &Chuck
And you continue to lie to the American people where will they go if you keep Obama care is the question who will be able to afford it
Medicaid is a safety net - NOT a lifestyle. The American dream was to be self sufficient and be successful. Not to live off gov't  programs
Myths About The Medicaid Expansion And The ‘Able-Bodied’ http://healthaffairs.org/blog/2017/03/06/myths-about-the-medicaid-expansion-and-the-able-bodied/ …
It also means nursing homes closing. Working families leaving jobs to take care of loved ones w dementia 24/7
Government and health care should not go together at all period
Same place they've always gone. Equality of outcome is not a constitutional guarantee. Gov't must allow charities to do what they do best.
It's their State, why can't the State of New York do something on their own rather than look to rest of the us?
Awesome.
They kicked me off yesterday for calling blumenthal a lying retard.
I hear ya sister
u give up your money/ corrupt /remove fraud/ freebies abusing the system / don't need them on welfare/ or Medicaid/ tougher rules 2qualify
NO EXEMPTIONS WHATEVER THEY PASS THEY HAVE FOR THEIR INSURANCE!
Where did Americans go before Medicaid and Medicare?
GOP Reply to Sen. Schumer:  Let them die. We all have to die, so let them. The rich need the money.
Hospitals will go broke shut down so nowhere!
Ryan & McConnell do not care.  If you cannot afford quality HC despite paying for theirs, it's because you're unworthy and weak.
If you were doing a good Job. We wouldn't have Rural communities ! Oh you mean the illegal aliens ? The sanctuary for all things Free..
Duh. "Rural communities" are where the agriculture and meat products come from. Not enough room in the city to do that. Hard fact to grasp
This "let zem eat cake" bullshit is causing rage. The wealthy need 2 pay up & call themselves LUCKY... not smart but LUCKY... they have $
Most of the ppl getting the best tax breaks did nothing 2 earn them besides exit the vagina of a woman married 2 a rich man.
PAY UP. If you tell us we don't have the right 2 freaking EXIST by passing this bill, u are begging 4 revolution, period.
The GOP has forgotten that 99.9999% of the military are OUR fathers, brothers, sisters, mothers, & friends. If push comes 2 shove... PRAY.
A "CUT" in Swamp Speech is no increase ObamaCare put more people on Medicare that don't need to be, if they could KEEP THE PLAN & DR.
Republican hypocrites Tax cuts for the rich. Man made money worth more than God made Humans #HipPocketReligion #CherryPickedBible
You just make sure the republicans can not get the bill through period. Them stop all business until Muller finishes

Got to pay your fair share Chuck
No one gives a shit about what you think Schumer,cuz your thinking is not pro america, it's delay any progress you can. U are anti American.
De Blasio house, Cuomo house,and Chucky house
Their own family doctor would seem to be a good choice
Sen. Schumer-I know it's distracting but U need 2 multi-task. Don't focus only on healthcare.There's a Russian traitor sitting in the oval.
Stop the lies. Give facts!!!!
FYI:  Study facts.  40% people on medicaid are able to work but choose not to. This is theft of taxpayers $ which YOU ARE AWARE OF
Myths About The Medicaid Expansion And The ‘Able-Bodied’ http://healthaffairs.org/blog/2017/03/06/myths-about-the-medicaid-expansion-and-the-able-bodied/ …
Good article.  Agree people in need get coverage. Able body individuals need to work etc. If wages low then safety net of medicaid there.
PLEASE DO NOT LET THIS PASS!
Chronic disease is climbing at such enormous rate healthcare will crumble on its own no matter what. It's. Unsustainable. Free market.
ACA needs to be fixed.  Period.
It's great to see a murder house lose government funding. #ChooseLife #GodBlessAmerica
