Joke
Hope all of those signs were recycled!
Ooo oooo, where's MY sign?
I'm weary of signs and protests but I am a conservationist so I hope the politicians will do the right thing. Chances are not good......
Many r against the marches & ur propaganda.  U r leading hate and divisiveness. My dem neighbors will no longer vote for u or another dem
Antifa
u mean stood up for socialism right Chuckie!!!  You're a hack nothing more nothing less
for the good of the country, we need a 2/3 republican majority in the senate.
The Republicans have control of EVERYTHING in WA DC and still can't get anything done!
take your head out of the sand. There's a ton happening despite schumer's obstruction.
BS and Fake News.
What a goof
Chuck, did you get a check, or have any stock gains, on the scam of climate change?
And a big hand for the trash left in their wake.
Especially those with the biggest carbon footprint
Let's not forget those who burned cars, police cars , trash, broke windows. Those #hard #working #Sanitation workers #thankyou
Yeah cause us republicans don't want a planet anymore.
Blah blah blah
They did that cause they are brainwashed and u need that so u can tax the hell out of the people to expand government.
Thank you for marching Chuckie.
Don't forget to thank George Soros and other far left crap stirers
Tens of Thousands Of Scientists Declare Climate Change A Hoax http://yournewswire.com.ln.is/h3dky     Globalists: Sorry, Doesn't Fit The Narrative...
You sound very hateful.
Still kooky left wingers after all those election defeats. YOURE TONE DEAF!
Chuck Schumer is nothing but a socialist and a communist he support illegal Immigrants, and Islam. He's a traitor to his own heritage
We're those signs made from paper made from tree causing less o2 more Co2 and added to thinning of the ozone?
You know, Sen Schumer I AM worried about climate change but I'm Much More Worried About Our Lives Under COMMUNIST RULE!!!!! IMPEACH HIM NOW!
What about us that matched for term limits to better our country?
You and the Democrats that follow you are all idiots! Should be backing are President. SHAMEFUL
Hey Progressives, Crybaby is patting you on the head. Good Party pets. Now go out there and march for the Democratic Party. Good pets. 
Climate change is a cult religion empowering globalists to legislate.  It is not science.
@SenSchumer @TheDemocrats @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @SenateGOP  Gutless DEM & GOP Quick 2 support UR Sacred Cows But not USA!!!
Good Christ it's either shitty memes or complaining about insufficient garbage cans. It's uncanny how everybody is parroting the same lines.
Is any of it making a difference, Chuck?
and left all their trash in the streets. thanks for that too
Schumer you're a lost cause. Why don't you give up you're position and give it to someone who is not plagued with stupidity?!" 
That's real good but why are u not standing for our country? That's what's on everyone's mind.
You forgot "now go pick up your trash and recycle accordingly "
Not enough people no it. 360 Full circle. Plan in advance. Bull vs Bear. Honest .Food grows how vs fowl:beef @RussiaConnects  analysis©™®
You're a friggin nut! We won't be around for Climate change if we don't protect the home land!
This is bad news, Kristallnacht via Trump?! Hell no! We must not ignore the warning signs Senator!
Follow the SOROS money for these protesters
Better start raising money to build a wall around New York. The polar caps will melt 10k years after that there will be another Ice Age.
Are you thanking them too for leaving their trash all over the place??? What a bunch of hypocrites! Slobs!
Thanks to all the environmental hypocrites that left tons of trash behind.
I can't wait to help the opposition remove you from office. Inept, Incompetent, Malfeasance and Neglect are the hallmarks of your legacy.
Does trump appreciates the clean water he drinks, the lush green he plays golf on. All exists because laws in place to keep and preserve 
Focus guys.. country with a border wall no dictator. You can do it
Chuck, could you at least ask them to please clean up after themselves.  Just saying
Can you send them back to pick up the trash they left behind? That would be nice - thanks
