A 15% tax for S-Corps. Small businesses get a break. It might incentivize others to start a business & hire others. How is that for the 1%?
Limit it to really really small solo proprietor s who are often not even Subchapter S. Or limit it first tax year  new small biz.
Why limit? Why punish the job creators and entrepreneurs? Many politicians never worked a day in the private sector. Yet, they know it all.
real question is why we need to give another tax break to businesses, they need to pay their fair share of taxes. If they get 15% we can too
They do pay their fair share- highest corporate rate in the world. I agree flaten out the rates so we all pay less. #FlatTax or #FairTax
Progressive tax rate needed to reduce inequality.  A $20 million salary should pay a higher rate than one of $50,000.
Agreed, the wealthy should pay more since we allow them to become wealthy with our lax laws and rules
We allow them? Many people become wealthy because they work their tails off, take risks, save, invest, etc.
How is doubling the standard deduction, which helps the middle class who do not itemize their taxes, help the top 1%? Please explain that.
High property taxes in NY are Albany's fault, not Washington, DC. NY is depopulating now because of how costly it is to live and do biz.
As Rob said, DC does not control your property tax. I hate when clueless people @spitfire0617 respond 
Keeping state and local tax deduct is not 1 size fits all either. Plenty of people on low incomes retired or working don't itemize now.
It's called macroeconomics, look it up.  Americans are severely under taxed, thanks to greedy, unpatriotic snowflakes like you
What are you doing on the internet? Why aren't you reenlisting, to help fight wars *you* voted for?
My family has fought for liberty since the revolutionary war & you voted in tyranny.Your friends would be ashamed of you, if they were alive
You dishonor my family's sacrifice to this country, my grandpa didn't fight the Nazis just to have them voted into office, traitor.
You're not interested in helping the middle class.  Stop lying out of that greedy inept mouth of yours.  #JobswillMaga
How did Killary get so filthy rich?!  Oh, was it play for pay, Uranium One deal, Haiti, etc?!
Thanks to our elected officials who have broken our Gov. over greed for money and power we have only one choice, remove all of you by force.
@wmwatts61 don't ask for the shit storm you can't handle. By force is what a lot of us have been waiting for you snowflakes to try.
@senSchumer WAKE UP!! We need to do this to create more jobs and bring back business! Get with the program and stop obstructing! Seriously!!
The only jobs Trump cares about creating are more bank tellers in Switzerland to handle the $ of him and his 1% cronies.
Stop obstructing Chuck!
They aren't rich enough already? 
I don't understand.
I'd like to see you pass tax credits for corps that reduce the pay gaps by sharing the wealth with all employees not just the top
um govt cant tell corps to pay employees better. You should really educate yourself. tax cuts for corps = money in execs pockets. period.
#readingcomprehensionfail
Chucky if the POTUS or Rep's suggested Obama for SCOUTS you would find a reason to obstruct it. Your temper tantrums are getting old.
Sad
Please stop projecting you are embarrassing yourself. Go string some beads together or snap a picture it will make you feel better...
NEXT
Dems need to start thinking in terms of withholding taxes until this administration has been flushed out - it's worked before.
Why work with an insane, ignorant, lying president?
Liar
No Schmucky - they are giving Tax breaks to ALL...  You on the other hand keep raising everyone's taxes in NY and your disgusting!!!
The tax breaks come with cuts to EPA, the diplomacy of a State Department.... Education, health care, and the list will cut deep!
Those trump gop puppets dont give a crap about the middle class !!' Freakin sicking !!
Liar!!!!!
Middle class appreciates the tax break, i prefer bigger, 8yrs youll did all you could to wipe out middle class and everything went up 300%

Says the guy who's worked day & night to destroy the middle class.
DC Republicans are getting ready to pass massive tax breaks for the top 1% – all at the expense of the middle class. RT to say #NotOnePenny 
Maybe-Puppets Stuffed with Dirty Money?
Oh Chuck......."the tangled web we weave." It's not working.  MAGA
#NOTOnePenny
You lying leftist puppet. OBSTRUCTIONIST! What have you done productive ever?
I don't think they want to see how mad we can get.  If they cut taxes 4 the rich @ our expense we can't B held responsible for consequences
Trump is spewing fire and fury #impeachhimalready
Impeach for what exactly?? Have there been any criminal charges filed or even drudged up under fake Russia collusion??
Politician's look out for Politician's.  Don't give 2 cents about the  American people.
Are you not a part of the 1%? Just asking for a friend..
He is but just not one of the greedy ones!

@emilymarin2 they will never understand
lol.. I know.. 
...help americans with jobs, better health care, oh and pay less taxes. Did you ever think of this. NO! #Drain the swamp!
#putinbot
Liberals call us Russian bots, idiots, drinking the kool-aid & etc b/c that is all they have! Just block them!
We call you "Antifa". Call it what you are. As always lie, lie, lie.

Don't believe a word Shumer has to say liar
Sure chucky let's keep it in your pocket,right???

NO #taxReform until #trump releases HIS #TaxReturns #notonepenny I
I'd pay the tax if I thought it would make the Koch/Mercers/American oligarchs go away, but we know it's never enough. They're mad.
Unlike the the crazy mad communist GEORGE SOROS! Let's be honest here!
You've been listening to Limbaugh/Alex Jones too much lol.
#Voodooeconomics hard at work.  I am still waiting for an actual example of trickle-down functioning.
It didnt work then
Did for me, and my housekeeper and my groundskeeper and my driver. It is awesome to be rich and give these people well paying jobs. #winning
Perhaps you should read up beyond anecdotal evidence.  Most recently Kansas tried and it worked out exactly as would be expected.
My real world evidence is enough for me. A little more and I wil buy a 4th car. Must suck to be poor because you were too lazy to work 4 it.
I mean, I intentionally took a job that pays less because I wanted to contribute positively.  As I write this, I realize #dontfeedthetrolls.
You really took a lower paying job to contribute positively, how does that work, seriously?
I could easily be running a science lab. But I chose to teach at a community college instead. I actually moved to a terrible state for it.
1/ Why cuts to 1% when it's the mid class suffering? Tax 1%er, heck even 10%er more. They can afford it.  American middle class struggling.
Who signs your paycheck? Oh, probably the govt!
Oops, sorry I was wrong.  We have taken gov't checks.  Military members in my family dating back to Revolutionary War.
Taxes in the U. S. are too high & gov. spending is excessive. Result: 8 years of anemic growth. Your policy has failed. Stop "Resist" MAGA!
Can @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr provide ANY evidence the huge Bush tax cuts for the rich stimulated the economy? I remember it crashing.
Due to housing bubble bursting.  Dems  forcing Fanny & Freddy to give large loans to folks that had no way to pay them back. D&R
The debt wouldn't be as large if the GOP didn't cut taxes during time of war. Quite irresponsible of them and it didn't stimulate the econ.
The debt wouldn't be so high is libs would cut spending!!
his constituency doesnt pay taxes? lets compare tax returns and see who pays more. Or shut up w your bs rhetoric.
And the democrats biggest donors?
you lie you lie and then you lie some more, if that was true you would vote for it because it is the 1% that fund your party
STOP THEM!  I can't afford that and it will kill our economy #notonepenny
Given that the top 1% of earners pay the vast majority of all taxes, how could any tax cut NOT benefit them? And why shouldn't it?
It's about time you started focusing on the biggest threat, the plundering rich.
Where are Trumps taxes? Where are they? Is he supporting KKK and hiding it? Seems like it?
Wow Chuck!  Don't you know they pay most of the taxes.  Check @#CongressionalBudgetOffice
No tax reform until Trump releases his tax returns
News flash: No president nor campaigner is required to publicize his tax returns.
Provide more details
Chuck you are loosing it. Work on both sides of the aisle and do good work. All you do is say everything is bad. Get to Work.
There you go.
Shut it down
Why are you griping, you are in that 1%.
and who spends the most the top or bottom
Do u ever change your toon the next elections will show u that u guys don't get it
I'm certain you'll reap something from it @SenSchumer #phonyopportunist
Stop Chuck Schumer stop misinformation out with the old in with the new
Need to get rid of deductions for state and local taxes.
Why not just have those billionaire start running ALL poor folks over. Like taking healthcare away, it's hard to take away a thing deserved.
The rich will never take less unless it is forced upon them...
Not. One. Fucking. Penny. There, I know this is what u meant to tweet. 
:-)
I knew something big was going to happen behind this manufactured shit show! Wake up america, the fight is on several fronts. We're on it!
If you spent more time trying to work with President Trump and less time trying to undermine his presidency, MAYBE things might get DONE!
Democrats have shown time and time again that they don't give a DAMN about the middle class. Stop LYING, Senator!
Chuck you're an hysterical fool not to mention a liar
So Chuck, since you are in that 1%, tell us about your overseas accounts to avoid paying taxes.
Please don't allow Trump to deflate attention from the Russian Investigation and Healthcare failure to North Korea and Venezuela.
CALL/SHOW UP No to robbing our middle class to reward the rich #NotOnePenny @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @tedcruz @JohnCornyn NO!!
This is outdated.  The middle class is now down with "everyone else."
#lyingchuckschumer
Way to go chuck. So much for working WITH the GOP.  no compromises from you or your party
Need jobs for pride and family. Bring companies back to. Don't support anti social services countries like India.mex,China. Reward civil 
Change your slogan to not one more democrat. That will make us happy!
Karma will come to them!
Don't you ever get tired of lying 
not true the middle class for once is getting a tax break.Democrats don't do this they hate the middle class.We are the ones who vote

Get the shit ready. @GOP behind the scene campaign The HOOD IS IN #Congress @jeffsessions wants employee of the month
#MAGA
Schumer, fall off the planet or shut up.
I didn't see that part of the bill....please "show us"
You are a lying, misleading, partisan hack hypocrite Schumer. How DO you sleep at night? God sees all. Eternity rough on liars like you.
Time for the "little guy" to start cheating on his taxes the way they do. Open a home office & deduct it.
Hey Schumer.  A lot of tax breaks are for purpose of creating more jobs. Did you hear this, sheep?
Stop telling lies Chuck
Not one word of what you've just said is true. Not one word of it! You've turned the Congress into another tower of babel.
which groups create jobs?
chucky doesn't want it to go through cuz when the economy booms Dems reelection bids become harder
This is a blatant lie.  I'm the middle class and I need a break. This isn't about redistributing wealth. Grow up or Sit down.
so what..it will help u

Same old story same boring story the one percent is that all you can talk about boring
Liar  we're not stupid
I agree with u and am sick of all this BS out of D.C. As I am sure u r as well! Not an easy or enjoyable job these days but ty for supp all
Not DC Republicans - Congressional Republicans.
No one could ever explain how someone else keeping more of their money somehow affects me (lower middle class)?
Can I date Amychucky
@JuddApatow about time!
Think you should interview wealthy people who voted against tax break for better country for all. There are many.
The people Trump branded"elite"voted to pay more to invest in shared prosperity that helps them too.Please show that.
What about the working class? U all seem to forget about them when they are in fact the root of societies tree.
THANK YOU CHUCK!   THANK YOU!
Republicans are the bane to a caring, civilized society.  Vote them OUT
Stop your lyin' Chuck!
Saw you last night @ Shakespeare in the Park. Keep the drums beating @SenSchumer !
AND ? We know you and your friends are the OPPOSITION to anything TRUMP. Give PEACE A CHANCE.
Death tax repeal MUST include elimination of Capital Gains "Death benefit". Being taxed 2x is unfair, but so is not being taxed at all.
Shut up Chuck U Schumer. You and your ilk are the problem with America today.  You knowingly and willfully violate the Constitution. Traitor
Retire already your done no one is listening to you we the hard working Americans  college or no college see thru your rhetoric
Chucks better deal after all these years of doing nothing but promoting special interest groups and lobbyists Now he's for the working class
Poor chuck gets his big government Check & collects from others also
Not one penny to the rich..

First of all he won't read your tweets.Doesnt like negative feed back.Secondly he doesnt http://tweet.One  of his drones does.
Do what you need to do to give Muller a chance to comply complete his task! Thank you!
Chuck, I know your audience is as not bright as they come. Clearly you know it too. Wouldn't you feel better with smarter followers?
And Psst, Chuck this rises the top tax tier, yours-and cuts the middle tiers the most. I know, I know, your audience, not bright-no research
one thing this articale fails to point out, a person not working pays no tax, a person with a business pays taxes+ employees!!!
Your party had 8 years of a lying corrupt globalist that was selling out our country. That is over now so you need to get over it. #MAGA
@SenSchumer can you be my senator instead of @SenateMajLdr ? Please??
Chuck, as usual  you've got yours, let's not encourage anyone to work for themselves, provide jobs, pay more taxes& help Amer.!!
Just go away and take your niece, Pelosi, Mad Max, Diblasio, The clintons Obama McCain with you sick of all of you. Stop your jealousy ofDJT
also at the expense of current and future federal retires. Everyone needs to step up and stop the assault on the middle class
Could we get some help please?Get some of your Republican crony friends to vote against it.The ones you hang out with in the Hamptons
Just Like You Were Going To Do If Clinton Won & Democrats Took Over The Senate
Here we go again.  How many people are gonna die here Chuckie.
Schumer you and all you other Democratic sheep are nothing but liars and obstructionists. You cant handle the fact Trump is good 4 America.
WE ARE KEEPING OUR GUNS AND YOU AND PELOSI ARE GOING.      BYE BYE.    LOSER BOY
Oh god shut up!
Don't want to hear obama daily talking points. Tax cuts will happen and you will suck it up!  #MAGA  #TrumpandVotersWon!
This would be more believable if u urself hadnt said u planned a massive tax cut back in '16 when u expected HRC to win
.... This is the best you came up with?
.
GOP & TRUMP are the Enemy..!
Apple has a half a trillion dollars in cash.  They need a tax break?  Really!

: give it a rest will'ya.. Stop opposing for the sake of opposition. We r real people with real needs out here. Not ur pawns
Everything that comes out of your mouth is s lie!  Do you ever NOT twist the truth? Democrats naive, ignorant or Amoral, most all 3!
AT LEAST REP CARE ABOUT THEIR PPL UNLIKE YOU CHUCK! THIS IS A LIE AND U KNOW IT. DO THEY KNOW YOU ARE THAT 1%? KEEP LYING
I can check off a lot of your identity boxes however I'm no refugee just a hard working American paying for you to make my struggle harder!
If it came out of your mouth it's a lie. Traitor.
Such BS! Can Any One Dem Tell Even One Truth??! Smh
Chuck they don't care.
#NotOnePenny #TraitorsintheWhiteHouse #TrumPutin #TraitorsMcConnellRyanNunes #
Hey MINORITY leader stop lying! You are not about to pass anything! You don't have the votes! You are powerless & pathetic! #DrainTheSwamp
RT to Moore:  To think Judge Roy Moore is on track to win AL seat. Blocks constituents on Facebook & Twitter certain news articles & comment
Obama and democrats stuck it to middle class
NOT ONE PENNY!

Oh yes and the uneducated think Trump is for them.
Says the man who helped Obama make George W. Bush's tax cuts for the filthy-rich permanent. Apparently, that wasn't enough for them.
Liar! We know you passed Obamacare without reading it, now you tell us you read this?
Twisted lie.
President of the common man, my ass. Conman *president 
#MAGA #TrumpTrain
Do not let this happen!  Fight for fairness.
Trickle Down Economic does not work. Give a tax break to the rich and they keep the money.
All I know is we all pay too much in taxes.  More disposable income =spending more = more businesses = jobs. Benefit me, benefit economy.

How about just give us all a fair tax rate...why do we have to take and redistribute?  Treat everyone equal...to include you
I can't afford Trump.  When are you guys going to start introducing Article 25 or impeachment process? Trumps wants war w/  HE MUST GO!!
As a Working Class American, your party has done nothing for me...so why would I believe you  now?
You lifetime politicians should pay at least 80% in taxes.
DC doesn't have senators. Don't conflate the awful happening in Congress with people from DC #taxationwithoutrepresentation #51
Schumer you are a liar
Oh #Chuckles  when are you going to stop lying. I will pay substantially less in taxes & I'm the bottom 10%. You are an embarrassment 2 #NY
if you had one honest bone in your body, you'd fight FOR "RAISE" and "SEVERE TERM LIMITS"! You are a fiscal nightmare! Both sides are!
At least 50% of taxes collected are wasted by you and your peers thru fraud, waste, abuse and vote buying!
You Really Are Obstructing Schumer! It Can't Get No Worse With All The Dems Free Programs! Now You And Cuomo Including illegals 
Sounds like something one would hear on "Bride of Chucky". Schumer, you are a fool.
Oh Chucky your still full of it after all these years. Your just like CNN no one believes you anymore.
