Today is a great day to create something beautiful with your best friend! #MondayMotivation 
Wasted taxpayer money on liberal socialist indoctrinating programs. Shame! @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Oh  so counting and reading are unique to Liberals? How condescending can you get?
You forgot the indoctrination. By the way reading and counting should first come from parents to be picked up by schools. Don't need TV.
Oh wait that's not convenient. "I got child but I'll let tv & someone else fulfill my responsibilities. I'm to busy, I'm to important."
You sound a bit self-righteous here.Letting your child watch Sesame Street is not equal to bad parenting. I doubt you're a perfect parent.
Y'all just don't get it. The issue, taxpayer funded. They can be on their own dime or you can send donations. Just don't make me pay for it.
Nice try chuck... @HBO bought Sesame Street two years ago...
fake news
Can you come up with something more interesting? Saying "fake news" all the time is so unimaginative. You need to watch Sesame Street!
ok, MORE fake news
You mean Very Fake News
ok, Extremely Very, Very, Fake News. Bigly. Believe me.
Oh great... your grandkids can watch Sesame street while Rome (USA) burns...u and Dems r  irrelevant...20 TRILLION DOLLARS IN DEBT..HELLO!!
GOP tax cuts will put us more in debt
Nope, It will increase our GNP immensely... we have to get our economy growing again & stop giving away free stuff like it grows on trees!
What free stuff?
Again...r u kidding me? Food stamps, medical care, free phones, free housing, free lunches, free utilities, free college, etc,etc,etc
You could also add free farm subsidies.
Well, there u go! Thanks!
The farm subsidy helps small farms stay in business.
Amazing , now lets work on Meals on Wheels, School Lunches !
#PBS is necessary for those of us who want in-depth local & global news coverage (& who choose not to watch cable news or even have cable).
Kermit has been safe at the Smithsonian Institute.  You can visit him forever.  Your causes are so questionable.
Another win! TY

Pls vote no to Trump Zombie Care. Pls Strengthen ACA
HBO bought Sesame St. why are tax payers funding Sesame St.?
Thank you! Thank you!
Are funds for Genocide in Yemen Safe?

Stop Singing #BombsBurstingInAir

#BoycottThanksgiving
OH  well that is way important.  Maybe you DEMS will learn the definition of ILLEGAL.
Definition of illegal = Donald Trump
See what I mean
Don't they make enough money through royalties?
It's amazing how you did that all by yourself
Keep up the good fight @SenSchumer !!
You betrayed "youngest constituents for votes!
Illegal,deported 4 times, rapes a 2 year old girl who will need reconstructive surgery. Dear Jesus we've had enough! 
sales,  right? What could this money do for school lunches or  other items you  now bloviate about?
It is so sad that this is your legacy. You no longer pick positions for the good of the country or to move things forward. All you are
Extremely fake news, fake Chuck Schumer, Fake Democrats, Fake Media, Fake Journalism, Fake Fake Fake.
All hail Big Bird.
Sesame Street is making millions on HBO. They're millionaires! Yet you continue to give them taxpayer $$$.
That's great MO MONEY for a m
an  obstructionist and lead your party and the country down the  wrong path.  You do know the Sesame Street makes a bundle through  product
concerned about is taking a position opposed to Republicans, even  if they are right. You had a chance to be a statesman. You chose to be
i think someone at D party better get their act together or we'll be gone or in another 4 yrs with donthecon...Dems need action plan
If Trump ended the programs the Dems said then y can't he just build wall,u no y because its not all up to him,BE FAIR
Thank you senator!!!
The amount that show makes on merchandise revenue, there's absolutely zero reason to keep funding it. Such a waste (and I have a toddler)!
The safest street in our world right now and it's fictional.
Counting the ways we're thankful!
Embarrassing
Seriously? You shafted the taxpayers AGAIN!
Absurd to think the federal govt needs to support a multi-billion dollar company. #Sad
So Chuck Schumer, is that all you can come up with to help the American People!?
Thank you!!
Thanks Senator. AND all those that supported it.
Yay!! Thank you and @SenDems! Will tell my 4 yo granddaughter. 
Yay Grover is safe!!!!
Not safe as.long as Healthcare and climate are issues
Another way to brainwash kids...feel proud Shitty Schumer
Great, please make #trump watch it, he clearly missed some fundamental life lessons when his dad shipped him off to boarding school
@JoeNBC @Lawrence @maddow @realDonaldTrump Also Mr.Trump Big Bird will joining  the Canadian Dairy Cow Golf Course gators in visiting you.
They like it when you go golfing.
Stay strong and carry on.  Thanks for Sesame Street & Meals on Wheelss
Thank you.
Now can we invoke the 25th Amendment to get this ignorant mental patient out of office? Unfit. Unstable. Unpresidential. #NyetMyPresident
Yay! This Granny appreciates it!
By young, you mean like late 20's, early 30's?
Satisfactory
Yay!Thanks for fighting for Big Bird!
Umm, the @sesamestreet franchise makes so much $$, it can fund the entirety of PBS.
Yippee sesame street is safe from mean old orangutan butthead named trump!!!!!
Blah blah blah
Dummy, Sesame Street was sold to HBO  few years ago and was never in danger of being off the air!!! Taking credit for what you didn't do, ha
to talk about Sesame Street When you have homeless children in New York State they don't have TV
Yippeee! Thank you for preserving a great American contribution to childrens' education all over the world!
Oh chuck your so powerful! #eldouchebag

Is there a sharia Law puppet on Sesame Street yet? Haven't watched in years, wouldn't be surprised
Thank you @SenSchumer
Too bad @PBS doesn't have a character that is named Chucky Stupid that lies and cheats.
Oh shut up chuck.
Like u give a rats ass @ children in the country! U want those jihadists, ISIS, Sharia Law in here to cut their heads off watching Big Bird!
Thank god.  And here I was worried about our national defense.  Good to know u have your priorities straight.
Thanks Chuck
And any protection untouchable by hypnotized GOP re: Trump being unable to turn PBS, NPR, etc. into Trump propaganda channels/stations?
Safe just for a week, or has a year-long spending agreement been reached?
Thank you @SenateDems for caring about the young constituents and acknowledging that their needs are important too!! #GodSaveTheQueen
Amongst all your tweets today (& multiple replies to yourself) not a word about what can be done to lower my school/property taxes.
Fake CHUCKLES
Great work Chuck. But will your old constituents be equally sure they can see a doctor if they’re sick?
We are sure they are happy to know that, while they make over $ 250 million a year on their own, taxpayers can fund bonuses for CEO's!
THANK YOU from the millions of kids, parents, and teachers who love PBS!
I'm not in your district, but thank you for your hard work
-Then why is HBO broadcasting Sesame Street
Not everyone can afford HBO
That's a shame Chucky Sesame Street has been on HBO now for a year know your facts you clown
HBO owns Sesame Street idiot
Hurray for the Democrats!
As long as you have cable and HBO. Big Bird is a 1%er in licensing alone. They should subsidize us!
Isn't Sesame Stree owned by HBO?
And so is Govt funded about ration Chuck, that one must have slipped your mind.
So Democrats are supporting g HBO Corporation with tax payer money? 
.
.
I see.
Chuckie the grouch.
$1 TRILLION DOLLARS approved to keep government up and running through end of Sept  REALLY?
Love that Dems saved Sesame Street & Planned Parenthood & no wall $ - thanks. Now, please come up with health care plan that fixes the ACA.
BRAVO AND #SCHUMER GUY @realDonaldTrump BASHED #PA #whatisschool @PBS SAFE THANK YOU @SenateDems 
PLEASE! U really think PBS would disappear w/out gov funding & it was thanks to Schumer
Did you donate the last tie you tuned in?
We want an independent commission investigation #TrumpRussia! #DoYourJOB
Yes, please take all of the credit.
That's more on your level
Sesame Street may be safe but our democracy is not#please impeach trump
My children thank you Chuck! #themoreyouknow
So you agreed to fund HBO?
What about NEA?!?
You lying pos, they never had to worry in the first place.
What about school lunches
They were already safe...HBO bought it years ago, they just agreed to continue to air episoded on public television.
That's a good thing, it was created for low income children whose parents can't afford quality childcare and those people don't have hbo
Excellent point – thank you for bringing that up!
Thank youuuuuuuuu
Your older constituents are worried about food, health care, and getting a job at 70yrs old...
Thank you!
at least someone still has some sense in Washington.
Thank you!
That was sweet corraberattion for your Minions
Thank you for supporting the Arts ...in times like these need more than ever
1% PBS comes from public budget your savings=insignificant
Too bad young girls around the world won't benefit anymore from your"spending agreement".
so nice to hear from Senator Schumer, where is McConnell? He seems to have disappeared. Scared?
YES!!!!!! Great job @SenSchumer and @SenateDems
Thank you senator chuck from all the generation xs millenials & their mamas & papas
Thank you ! Why do Republicans keep attacking PBS? Romney tried running on that too. It is not about the minimal funding.
"Sing sing a song sing outloud...."
thank goodness!!!!!!
My 18 year old autistic son thanks you 
You will have many smiling faces saying,  Thank you.
Chuck Schumer I couldn't understand why Trump any Republican would have it in for PBS it's great one of the good things in America special
U will not shut down BIG BIRD AGENT ORANGE THANKS TO @SenSchumer AN DEMS
Thank you!!!! Some rationale still exists at the USA Government.
Thank you Senator.
But funding to mitigate and adapt to #climatechange isn't. I know you can't do it all, but this affects your youngest constituents too.
Chuckle has saved HBO. Big relief.

you did all that with no republican support or bipartisan help.. wow chuckie you are amazing that only Dems did all that
I have three little constituents in my house who will be excited to hear the news!!
Funding to a billion dollar company? another example of  not caring about how federal funds are spent. You are the problem.
Sesame Street raked in $50m dollars last year and has made a billion dollars in merchandise over its lifespan! They don't need tax dollars!
Oscar The Grouch salutes you!
Glad to see your happy with taxes being wasted on a HBO show that rakes in $50m plus a year 
Back to your garbage can Oscar!
This should avert nuclear war with North Korea, well done...
THE WALL IS GOING TO BE BUILT!! You gave #POTUS $1.5 Billion to do all the advance work to build the wall. Budget2018! @OMBPress #Trump2020
That's neat. 6 people still watch Sesame Street.  
Your out of touch.
its safe that is where your career should be your a puppet anyway
Thank you!
Good job
@SesameStreet is on @HBO now. You should know that.
I was born in 69, I watched them everyday, thanks my friend.
Good.

#ILOVEPBS
Hold on to the bipartisanship. Looks good.
