Hillary had a clear message. But all we heard from press was emails or all trump all the time. We don't need Dems bashing her too
What was Hillary's message? Genuine question.
Visit her website. It's on there. #StrongerTogether
So if AFTER the election one still needs to visit the website i think it is safe to say the message didn't resonate and spread.
She was the democrat with the democratic values. Not really a mystery what the dems stand for vs. the republicans. 
To me they both stand for Wall St, insurance and big pharma. Wars and drones. Dems are much more polite though. Substantively: little diff.
I am a physics PhD, i don't get taken by ideological fluff. Hillary promised to kill morepeople and work with wall st, that's the tangible
Words won't make up the decades of corruption. Democrats need to look in a mirror and basically go away, make room for Berniecrats.
So you think Bernie is corrupt that you are against him yet you are in favour of other democrats. Kinda double standard then, no?
Yet a democrat like @SenSchumer or @HillaryClinton can take any amounts of money for self-enrichment and it's a-okay? Again, double standard
Nice claims, sir. Proof where?
Democrats choose illegal aliens over struggling Americans. 

The American People are woke. The democrat party is anti-American.
Illegal aliens are a conservative bogeyman and have very little impact on the nation as a whole.
Whether you're just woefully ignorant, or lying through your teeth, your message is inaccurate. Illegals cost us big, sometimes in lives.
They play a huge role in our economy, especially in places like Texas. Stop drinking the xenophobic kool-aid
Yeah, at least the smart libs pretend it's not about using them for cheap labor.  This is what happens when you get too confident.
You also didn't say they do far more good than harm, before now, if we're ignoring allusion. Everyone knew what you meant.
Apparently you didn't, even from the clear first message of mine wherein I said they are a conservative bogeyman. They are not a big deal.
No need to read it. Your plan is a cradle to grave nanny state.
You say that like it's a bad thing.  I guess you think its better to let people die when they get sick.
Translation:  The same old tired formula of tax and tax and spend and spend.
@jheil To be clear, tho I am still a Bernie supporter, Hillary was talking abt issues daily. MEDIA WAS TRUMP-TV 24/7, & no one heard it. (1)
No one heard Bernie either, & all us D's were furious abt it. All voters heard/saw was DT, & all the fake info on HRC on social media (2)
Breitbart/InfoWars/FOX, who all peddled the fake garbage--that ppl STILL believe. HRC shldve showed up more places; damage wz alrdy done (3)
Its very ez for media to point a finger now & mock D's on mssg... as media execs focused on RATINGS/PROFITS/BLOODSPORT. (4)
Wheres accountability for their HUGE responsibility in whose mssg got heard?! <-This is why so many on left now DESPISE & dont trust "MSM!"
CASE IN POINT... @TODAYshow has on Lewandowski this morning?! WHY?! To peddle more PROPAGANDA?! How is HE credible or relevant?!
Stop your lies.
But what was the MESSAGE? /s
We got #abetterdeal when @realDonaldTrump  was elected president.  You're finally changing your tune but it's still the wrong tune.
What we got with Trump? Russia. Putin's puppet. Pussy-grabbing, psycho-lying, corrupt, money-laundering mobbed-up con artist. Sexist 
What we got with @potus so far is 1000x more than what we ever got the last years....for realz, peoples.  Get your head out of the sand!
Smh. Right. Shitty, dropping poll #, shrinking base and ur telling ppl to get their heads outta the sandhow bout u take ur own advice! 
of the 2016 election and come up with FAKE NEWS and BS.  Give me a break.  Please provide one ounce of proof.  HA HA....you can't.
Do you read the newspapers? Court documents are PUBLIC for a reason, look it up. Trump is the LIAR & fake news creator. Fact.
Wake up! Look at the single payer system in U.K. using their high courts to decide Charlie Gard's fate instead of the parents!  Not here!!!
2/2 it would not happen here because Drs have to listen to wishes of the child
Jumping ship already, eh?
http://potusstaff.com/why-we-lost-to-president-trump.html …
@TheDemocrats "message"? You mean warmed over socialism, class warfare & identity politics.. yep that sums it up...
Please don't try to fight with a populist tone. Need to show Dems care w/o bashing corporations, Wall Street.
We just finished 8 years of your better deal. No Thanks!!!
Democrats Better Deal = 
What's MINE is MINE  What's YOURS is MINE
Gotta make use of the Antifa outfits as we don't want to throw them away!
Dimms are solid on selling US out, desperate to continue #Soros plan- ->BO HRC $$didn't prevail. More like BetterDeal--With It! #Losers
Yes let's all work for the government!
Heh heh...somebody said the only way to get rich working for govt is by thievery. Something like that. #TermLimits! Less Govt the better.
Unfortunately, you have no message but #Hate + #Resist, u can't steal a message from Repubs...U have to stand 4 something original
4 us to take u seriously, its too late 4 the Dem Party u don't represent the poor anymore n  the American ppl know that now, so sad...
Then start standing up and speaking against the GOP and the failure they call President. We the people are tired of the embrassment. .
Put it up on a link and keep tweeting...NYT and WAPO don't reach everyone.
@SenSchumer  Be prepared for the #Democratic party to lose in #2020 too  Bad   Disgraceful Party #Democrats
Your party will be out of power for the next 24 years Chuck. Trump in for 8 years guaranteed.  Lies no longer work
FLASHBACK:  Democrat #ChuckSchumer Said We Need To Cut Pay For Veterans Before Cutting Congress' (His) Pay http://www.frontpagemag.com/point/213456/dem-senator-cut-pay-veterans-not-congress-daniel-greenfield …
Vote his ass out

#papajohns has a better deal than the #Dems!  #pizza
Hahaha..that took 8 years or better. What a joke
Sounds like the plan put forth by DT and the Republicans. The plan Democrats have been obstructing. Stop the pettiness and work together!
We don't want the #Democrats 2 give us another hand out. We want jobs @SenSchumer. Businesses can't afford $15/hr. How short is your memory?
Did you read the article/platform layout, it's about job & lowering prescription drugs
I know all about his plan. I heard him on tv talking this radical sh!t yesterday. He's fulla IT!. Just the same old talking points get votes
You do not realize who works for corporate America , who is trying , TRYING TO WORK FOR THE MIDDLE CLASS
You put a new hashtags on Hillary's work. Man, you're not fit to lead @KristenBlush @TomDangora
Stealing from the smart and throwing them under the bus. Not a good look @SenSchumer.
Yaaaa Trust them as far as I could throw them! Schumer said they would get back at Trump!
Lololololol
Hillary had clear plans outlined on all issues. For you to suggest otherwise is a lie. You have damaged the Dem base. We will not forget.
I question your commitment to God if you are okay with Trump.
Have a look mate I think GOD loves Mr TRUMP as do most people with a little common sense.GOD BLESS Mr TRUMP
1) Correction mate, Trump supporters have little common sense.  May God bless Trump and his entire brood by impeaching Trump and /more
Medicaid freebies to foreigners and zero insurance for the middle class is your better deal. You will be voted OUT.
Green CARD
Way, way over due. Only a progressive Democratic Party will win 2018 & 2020. word of warning though, talk won't cut it, you have to deliver.
If you want to give America the best deal then you will quit resisting president Trump agenda and join in and help make America great again
Lol - the agenda to gut healthcare 5 millions? Slash regulations that protect people? Weaken alliances while helping those who threaten us?
We have NO SAY IN LEGISLATION NOW, ALL REPUBLICANS FAILURE NOT DEMOCRATS.
REPUBLICANS HAS ENOUGH TO OASS ALL BILLS
*PASS
"One party says the answer is that special interests should continue to write the rules...," like BOTH parties have been doing for how long?
It's about damn time. Should have been rolled out on January 20, 2017! We KNOW Trump colluded w/Russia. BUT we need Dems to have plans too
Over a year of "investigating" no proof of anything. They still haven't even questioned the ppl they are accusing. NOTHING BURGER
Investigations take time & all the info is not out. There would not be FIVE investigations w/no evidence. @SmokeThereIsFire
Tripping over your socialism slippers again,  chucky? A fair/effective plan wouldn't matter to you, unless of course it was gifted.
Only msg Dems hve at this juncture is one of DIVISION,CHAOS & an erratic team-REAL MSG sells itself, FELT by the ppl need not be EMPHASIZED.
Sorry but trumps Twitter shows he leads all of this...
Trumps polls are lower than any other president since polls started
GARBAGE & LAUGHABLE!-Continue to believe in ur fake polls, fake endorsements & embellished newsheadlines-U will be beaten over & over again
These articles and more like them are what our Dem party needs. Now who will lead us? Not Bernie but who? Looking fwd to see strong leader
How that wonderful mayor of New York Deblasio who abandoned his police force after a cop got killed
Seriously Chuck, FDR used evidence based policies.  $15 an hour in rural Arkansas will destroy businesses there, and you know it.
Increase in minimum wage only creates higher prices for everything. It's actually a wage decrease for those making above minimum wage.
If we should've learned something from 2016 is that a significant number of Americans don't think a message clear if they have to read more.
Does this "better deal" include NOT rigging the primary to pump up some stuffed 1990s reject pantsuit? *looks at hillary*
If not, eff off
Russian bot
#DearChuck you should retract your statement and stop alienating the true base of the party.
#DearChuck This was @HillaryClinton's message. https://twitter.com/HillaryClinton/status/795974327611129856 …
It's no longer the democrat party. The looney liberals took it over.
Thanks for publishing this w/a paywall. Am I supposed to buy a @nytimes subscription to find out if I might someday afford one? #ABetterDeal
The link opens free. Plz try again.
NO IT DOESN'T.  This is what I get -- a paywall, keeping the riff raff out.
I'm not a subscriber. I can open from Twitter link, Google & Safari. I'm not a tech person. Maybe someone can help with a setting change??
You get 10 free articles per month, but it's the end of the month and, unlike you, I've reached my limit. IT ISN'T FREE. There's a paywall.
Stop all donations to the @DNC until the end the routine sexism, erasure of Hillary, and cleanly break from Bernie.
Already stopped all donations to Dems over corruption & fraudulent primary. #GreenParty keeps growing thanks to  #TheResistance(to progress)
Well that's just flushing money down the toilet....
Kinda like all that cash wasted on Hillary
The most money ever spent on a political campaign EVER and nothing to show for it but a crappy hashtag
Stop trashing Hillary to make your points. It PISSES people off.
Explain how Senator Schumer is trashing HRC?
So fucking unnecessary.
That does not answer my question I read Senator Schumers Op ed.  No where in does he slam HRC.  Answer what I asked or shut up.
We're not shutting up anymore.
Had HRC won the EC and I did vote for her I probably would not have agreed with every thing she did.  However 90 percent is better than 0.
You do NOT GIVE FUEL TO THE PSYCHO PRESIDENT
Certainly Americans deserve government not intent upon killing millions of them
and as soon as you LOSERS stop resisting and starting working FOR America we will get it. 8 years and NOTHING but huge debt.....
just so ya know...attacking hillary is NOT the way forward.
This is a hokey watered down version of Hillary's platform. Once again a man stealing her ideas and taking credit for it.

@HillaryClinton 's message was crystal clear to the millions of women of the Resistance that you obviously don't understand & just dissed.
This is weak, tepid slogan. Half assed, uninspiring.  Better deal than what?  What we have now? Good God, pls. give us more than that!!
The reason we're here to day is what you had to offer yesterday
Please you only can about some! My family lost insurance and doctors in 2010. Thanks to you ! Did you care or lose sleep? Stay the heck away
When did you come to that conclusion?
tax credits for employers is not a clear message
If you came to me with this pitch as an aspiring entrepreneur asking me to invest in your business, I wouldn't give you a dime. Try again.
Chuck, I give you credit for the initiative. You surely have a feeling of what's at stake, but you need to engage others to do it better.
Where were these ideas when Obama ran things into the wall? 10 million new jobs? We could have used these 8 yards ago. Your delusional.
As a NY Dem u have 2 b joking that your plan is $15 min wage and paid leave? Get out of your bubble Chuck those items r not high on out list
Get lost, Schmucky.
Meanwhile the GOP and Trump crime family are looting our country as you bicker over slogans. Focus!
(LOL) same rhetoric by same corrupt/ obstructionist, incompetent liberals
BTW the people on Lake Ontario (that would be NYers) are still flooding. Those are the people who pay your salary
Better wages ? Aren't some of the state's or cities that  promised $15 hr already backing off and lowering wages. Plus 4 out of 10 lost job
You are not the #ABetterDeal we need. You did not listen to Americans.
kinda late eh Senator?
Throwing Pres Obama & the coalition under the bus..as you desperately seek those elusive white voters...#GoodLuck
This is Trumps plan.  Nice try.  We see right through you.
A Better Deal?Really? This is the best you can do?
Nice to see you in Berryville VA @SenSchumer & thanks for working for a #betterdeal for all Americans!

This is plagiarism Chuckie. You will go to jail and not pass go!
More lies to the middle class. You've had 16 of the last 24 years and we got nothing from you. Inner city decay, debt. Not buying it,chuck.
Trumpsters Snowflakes go see Big Sick a media release ray of hope for USA Muslim countercultures
You Dems have been in charge of the country for the last eight years, this is your economic plan and why America needs better anything.
You stole the sloan from Papa Johns... #Pizziagate #dirtydemocrats #Russia #dontbelieve you #getalife #electionrigged
The last ditch effort of a flailing party to re-ignite its attack on businesses, which employ citizens. More bad regulations and big govt!!
We lived it for 8 years, it sucks! 
You probably just forgot to site your source to give credit where it is due. Here it is with link: @HillaryClinton
Who has the better deal? Democrats or Papa Johns? 

#ABetterDeal

Said the corrupt lying Democrat for votes. Voter's aren't stupid. Your BS strategy didn't work in 2016 and it won't work now. 2018 2020!!!
abandoning climate change and equality?
And we will get it when u and all ur republicrats get out of Trump's way!
Fix SS: raise the cap on Social Security tax. No brainer. Single payer. Speak plain. Message honestly. Drop clever slogans. Be real & no BS.
@foxandfriends:Papa John's delivers.  You don't!
I found #ABetterDeal with Republican Party.   
Not for future generations who will suffer from the destruction of basic liberties and our environment.
The democrats haven't had a clear message since 2008.
Sounds like #Walmart vs #Target, The American People deserve #Justice and #Fairness--Period! Clear Msg, my Ass!
The Obama agenda failed.  You had 8 years with "Hope and Change"
Democrats have a clear message: They hate this country and it's
reveals "Life of Julia 2.0" & thinks people will rush to @theDemocrats as their new overlords? Read the Constitution. Go away.
YOU tripled national debt in 8 years , open borders and expanded give away programs for Votes. No Thanks Chuck
How about "The honest way to health and prosperity for all."
You got what you deserved with @HillaryClinton and rigging your @dnc nomination.   Better deal? You had power for 8 yrs
Thief.
At some point, the party is going to have to directly address the fact that Putin accomplished his goal of splitting the left via Sanders.
I see ur going after his base, but everything we do is spackling over that wound. Needs to be dealt with head on.
indirect attempts to appease WWC, indirect wounds at HRC supporters, this will plague us. Someone has to be a grown up and talk about it.
Putin was so successful, we now have millennials reciting anti-captlst propoganda that could be taken straight from his playbook.
Seriously, it's a huge problem. Let's not underestimate his impact on the left like we underestimated his impact on the right.
Democrats have ALWAYS had a clear message. I knew you'd be back pedaling today
I can't figure out what the hell you are doing Chuck. Not helping
Where were you the last eight years sir
There's a difference between legal and illegal immigrants why can't you understand that. We only support legal immigrants. @realDonaldTrump
Do I get Garlic Dipping Sauce and Pepperoncini with that "Better Deal"?

#ABetterDeal
The clear message u gave to Trump is that Russia is no biggie & Democrats suck, so good job there. Good luck getting press on #ABetterDeal
"Art of the deal" by interference guru Schumer.
It's about bloody damn time! @SenateDems need to step up and show now more than ever that they represent #WeThePeople
Oh you mean after the bullshit YOU stuck us with, right?
Unfortunately, you do not have the team to do the job. Your "team" will not win the pennant much less the Series. Perez, Ellison, really?
Nobody likes you
If you insist on going retro: "A Better Deal for All Americans."
Its a shame so many Americans will actualy believe these lies. I know you are really a socialist party and I do not trust you
Message needs work.  I'm still stinging from dems choosing to support HRC. She is the reason many voted for he who must not be named.
And we don't need a life preserver. We are powerful with what we have - our vote and love of country.
Please tell me Chuck didn't put the Democrat's #ABetterDeal behind a paywall.
A clear message.  Sure? You bet.
You better save that inner tube for yourself, Mr. Schumer.
would that it were true.
How's that? You're a part of the sell the country out crowd.
Stop bashing Hillary. You are such a disappointment. I no longer consider you one of the leaders of the Democratic party.
#votechuckout
SMH Chuck.  Roll out your great plan, but don't alienate sig % of base by needlessly criticizing HRC.  Thanks for embracing single payer hc.
The American people deserve better than what Schumer, Pelosi, Sharpton, Waters, Rangel and the democrats want to provide
How about leave clinton alone and her voters and you suck at this
Start by supporting #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
Without health, nothing else matters.
You want more workers to make more money so you can tax it more!  We get it!
Seriously?I think the American people know exactly what you stand after 8 years of failed policies. It's what you've done(nothing) that we C
Please answer questions with selling this instead of piling on party & nominee. That became the headline & feeds opposition.
It's time for some new leadership
Democrats' new slogan: #ABetterDeal for illegal immigrants and savages imported from ME 

Like @BilldeBlasio promising Sharia in NYC - FACT!
I hope you're going to provide a DETAILED plan.
Better Deal than we have had in the last 8 years.  Absolutely that is why we elected Donald Trump and that is why my 401K has grown .
We The People already have that. Remember back in November we chose  the better deal.
You couldn't do this before the election? Instead you said you were going after Repub votes, not Democrats. You have no integrity, sir, WADR
It's progress—even if it's primarily a rhetorical shift it's proof the left is having an effect. Schumer's being pragmatic. We keep pushing.
Not you and Pelosi
38% of American workers made less than $20,000 last year
To completely rebrand we must stop the HRC bashing & acknowledge Bernie is NOT a Democrat. Lets spot light the incoming class of leaders.
Most in the dem party are NOT dems. The looney liberals took over the party.
Americans are perfectly capable of taking care of ourselves. You're just in the way & screw up everything you touch.
We don't deserve a thing. We reap what we sow. Education, civics & critical thinking: Politicians & the corporate sponsors don't want that.
We do deserve better...so when are you and Nancy stepping down. I would not follow you into a field of gold...your promises come with chains
Please someone vote this man out of office. A better deal it is not! #DrainTheSwamp
LOL like ObamaCare..? High premiums and high deductibles? How out of touch with reality are the Democrats? A very apt mascot, to be sure.
That's is Trumps message we read it loud and clear last November. Now for the past 6 months we saw obstructionist and Un-American senators
Come on Chuck. Clear message. That is  the best laugh I've had today.
https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/889490903785713665 …
 Give it up! You hate the American working class people and we know it. Bold economic program? Everything the Dems do squashes the economy!
They deserve better than you and what you offer
Written by 16y/o summmer staffer. More of the same Dem. promises minus the free cell-phones. From a #careerpolitician remember that point
You can't help the country with more entitlements(raising min wage).Buying votes doesn't work anymore. Socialism is a failed government.
You had eight years no thanks. A better deal for you to get richer.
If you have to say "We have a clear message". Then you don't. @TheDemocrats
The problem is dems holding themselves to higher standards. Nice job criticizing and fueling more bullshit from crooked old men GFY
Nice try, obama pandered to the wealthy, how is this going to help. You want to punish big business but you are going to hurt small business
The "better deal" is when all you morons are out of office!  Really "single payer"!?  So only rich people will have access to private care?
Never been more disappointed in Democratic party. Glad I left and joined the Republicans. May end up Independent.
The focus groups are already showing your "new" message is not resonating well. More words without any cogent plans for action.
We will win in 2018 and 2020 we must wwin,losing is not an option!! I'll do my part to make sure my friends & family know whats at stake!!
@realDonaldTrump is already working on a trillion dollar infrastructure plan and @IvankaTrump is working on paid family leave and equal pay
Keep getting a strong message out and sharing action plans.
Oh we've seen it. It's @HillaryClinton's fab policies—& reason she won pop vote & more than any white male Pres cand n history. Schumer copy
Your clear message is dumping on Hillary. Here's a secret: we are your base and we still like her. You dump on her, you're dumping on us
Wrong, it's tax the middle class more, political correct nonsense, corporate dems, and cry when you lose. Oh and excuses
Come on Chuck, let's get some competing action plans out there. We should be pushing our platform. #TrumpDontCare
#democrats have a brand new lie: We are for a better economy
Clinton reduced the national deficit to zero. Bush brought on the biggest crisis since the great depression. #Conservatards Lie about  lying
Dems hve no real manifesto,which is why liberals are hysterical where @POTUS  is concerned-worse,ppl already cognizant of Dems NOTHINGNESS
Alert: New Dem Plan a Schumer Flop from outset!A plan needs a leader & Schumer at lowest poll of his life even in NY home district ! Puppet
cry bady
So why didn't they do this while they were in power? Democrats answer to failed govt policy is always more government. It's easy to be a Dem
Shame on Republicans for not repealing such a misbegotten law. Shame on Democrats for passing it.
You really are delusional if you think people are going to fall for your bullshit anymore you've been spewing on the people for so long.
This is just political war ball that's all you guys play you don't work for us you use us
I hope this doesn't look like the #ABetterDeal you gave us with the 90s #Clinton #WelfareReform, 'cause that's still hurting America's poor.
.@SenSchumer That's your message? That's a slogan for a used car dealer.
So, you are saying Americans have a good deal now with Trump?
Where can I get a copy of the document or outline?
It's a shitty, amateur slogan. Get professionals involved, this just hands bashing to other side. Back to work.
Seriously? Where has it been this past decade?
Maybe the Dems should just come out and say it they won't to be communists. Remember you work for us.
Sort out the VRA & Voter repression and then Democrats can win. @HillaryClinton had a winning message, but for #TrumpRussia.
Hire an advertising company.
it has become clear over the last 30 years that the only 'plan' the Democrats have is to destroy our Constitutional Republic!
Any more HRC bashing from you and I will not vote in 2018. Get over her and MOVE ON
It has taken you 40 yrs. to come up with this plan? I guess you played not part with the mess we are currently in? Look in the mirror.
Chuck!You better get your shit together or we are going to continue to lose. Get off the news cycle and do the hard work like HRC AND OBAMA

Dude, you need better tag lines. Cawl me. I'll help for free. #messagingmatters
that message is not being disseminated the proper way & Until Dem desist from bickering and throwing their own under the bus.
I'm a lifetime Dem. all we seem to do is talk. We some constructive action. Start talking to the "R's". We need the adults to step up!
