Fact Check: "No The Republican Healthcare Bill Would Not Cause 23 Million People To Lose Healthcare"
https://m.townhall.com/tipsheet/guybenson/2017/05/25/no-the-republican-healthcare-bill-would-not-cause-23-million-people-to-lose-insurance-n2331434 …
@SenSchumer
Any excuse @HouseGOP can come up with to keep big Govt in place, they will
ASSHOLES
-"just give us control of the house"
-'we must control the senate"
-"can't do anything without the presidency"
No now @SenateMajLdr is saying they can't do anything without 60
Votes....
It seems apparent, that GOP needs 2 put on their big boy pants b4 going 2 work
No this can't happen but what do you plan to do?  You don't have the numbers to fight them.  The voting is partisan and not good sense.
Mr Schumer you and your Democratic party and the liberal media are a bigger threat to our country than Russia. You are all fake news & hate
This shows just was kind of man Paul Ryan is .If he can let these children suffer
I do I pay taxes
i never asked you to give them anything .
President Schumer 2020....Please?
Wow u must be high! Chuck is insane and literally has done zero for NY State. Term limits are the only hope for America!
They're all insane! Independent candidates are the only way out of this mess
Sadly we r stuck in a crappy 2 party system where only millionaires can even try to run for office. It was never supposed to be like this
Oh well the rest of us lost ours.  Great ins you Dems created!
NOT true William!! Read the damn thing!
The dems have a habit of passing only the things they can't read.
Haha! Ask your Repub's how many read it! I hope you are rich Penny otherwise you are screwed!
Obummercare is what screwed everyone. Liberals just enjoy freaking out on every little thing. New meltdown every day.
Just wait! You fools don't even get it!
Who shive a get on what you think.
DEMOCRAP = LIAR, LIAR, LIAR.  HYPOCRITE
Your BS never ends.  ACA killed the healthcare system you know it and working Americans you screwed over know it.  #Trumpcare
They can go to a clinic. It isn't the taxpayer's or big gov's job to pay for healthcare for the poor.
Great job using the Democratic playbook!  Scare everyone into hating Trump & Republicans. Sane old tune..  blah blah blah blah blah
The injustice is how these elected officials lie,omit truth = a lie,and just pain manufacture alternate realities that only they can see.
Blah blah blah
Ha ha truer words have never been spoken. Dems will skew any fact and blatantly lie for headlines with nothing to support it!
stop with the lies, chucky. NY is free to cover them;  it's just up to NY to pay for it.

YOU SAID I COULD KEEP MR DOCTOR - LIES YOU SAID THE DEDUCTIBLE WOULD NOT GO UP - LIES... now you want me to believe YOU...HELL NO!!!!!!!
What is TRUMPCARE? Do you mean  CHUCKCARE?
Satisfactory
Fake and dishonest news.
SENATOR SIR WHEN IT COMES DOWN TO IT WE ARE ALL TOGETHER IN THIS BATTLE AGAINST PESTILENCE! SO PRESIDENT TRUMP IS IN THIS BATTLE AGAINST ALL
Lies lies and more lies from the Left loons.
Fk off scumer
That was in your health care plan Dumbass!
Quit lying to people, Chuck. When the budget doubles Medicaid and Medicare over the next 10yrs, that is NOT a cut. Try math, it works.
Chuck, go across the aisle and help. With ACA in death spiral just criticizing is not enough!
Maybe those programs shouldn't be run by govt'. If you get rid of $60 billion/yr fraud in Medicare, could pay for lots of stuff.
Lies.  All lies
in order to fund  this u will have to do ur job to ensure those who need get and those who abuse go to work! U afraid of having to work?
You closed the Broome Developmental center for mentally handicapped sending out on the street. Get Real!!!
What about the people you ripped their HC from and gave it to others who don't pay a dime or get a huge subsidy? You created this HC mess.
Please continue  POST PICTURES  OF PREEXISTING CONDITIONS THAT AMERICANS DEAL W/EVERYDAY.  TRUMPCARE & TrumpBudget will KILL US!
Pulling out the props already ACHA is the answer to unfuck the health insurance mess democrats put Americans in you didn't have Obamacare
Scare tactics
Thanks for your continued SUPPORT FOR THE WORING FAMILIES!
This guy never misses an opportunity to exploit people for his causes. Why isn't he crying in this photo
HOW this will happen Chucky? U can't just saying w/o facts 2back it up doesnt make it true. We're NOT drinking your Koolaid any more 
It's the first draft ready for negotiations! Quit being a media loving tool!
You guys are going to bankrupt the country. And who will get medical care then!
Look at you pretending to care about these people.  You are so fake it's discusting.  Why can't NY get smart and vote you out.
I guess with the cuts, the government will HAVE TO MAKE SURE THAT PEOPLE RECEIVING THE PROGRAM GRANTS ARE LEGAL CITIZENS!
making stories up again.
Maybe New York State needs to borrow money to cover projects that Chuck likes
Why do you continue to lie to people - no cuts just lower expenditure growth - the way it should be - controlled
Liar!
Please do not tweet anymore . We are losing ground ever time you open your mouth !  Dems going to lose more seats because you are not you !

Can u actually show me just where in obama care these r covered oh u didn't read the law u don't know ok
Senator u put berne madoff in prison for a pyramid scheme but yet forced one down America's throat. Why is Berne still in jail?
Cut to ur illegal voter block ya it's rough
There's no cut to medicaid or Chip senator there an 80bil increase. Again you base needs to stop listening to your lies
There are no cuts, Medicaid will still go up...just not as much as Dems like.  Tooooo bad!  Stop lying!
Just keep putting hardship cases on display chuck. There will always be those in need. If it bothers you so much, get out your wallet...
You caused it to happen with Obamacare...almost dead in arrival!
Their healthcare in jeopardy? We lost ours + pensions but u have turned ur back. We will take ur picture if u support Delphi pension return

ABSOLUTELY
Or maybe you could lead a process and efficiency redesign to save money. Stunning  that a trillion $ isn't enough for you. You wasted 8yrs
We may have to tighten our belts a little since we just had a president who spent more than anyother President now we all get hurt Obama
America has to look out for fragile members of society whose family can not support them. It's all our duty. We need a new tax to help them
11 Unauthorized goverment spending programs worth were cut $300 billon. What did you and fellow Democrats do for 8 years?
We can't. Oh lordy lordy we just can't!
Cutting 8 years of Democrat government pork is a necessity to bring down the 9 TRILLION dollars Obama added to the National debt.
@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @CNN @MSNBC Let's stick with Obama care and put the program out of it misery next week. #cluelessobstructionist
Good get them a job - you and your Dems are millions/Billionaires employ them and give them insurance.
Thx to Obamacare they're already in jeopardy Chuckles dumb dumb

Gianforte's Montana win tells you all you need to know about Dem party.  Deranged left have killed their own party!!
Easy to say from someone like you who gets high-end healthcare free.
Legalize cannabis it will save the money needed for health care #hr1227 #hr975 #legalize
Single payer healthcare!  That is the only way!
Hey schumer, how about you help them out with your freaking Cadillac plan.
More lies....don't u ever get tired of it?
.Obamacare is in a death spiral.  With your failure to participate President Trump should let it die and the DemoRATS take responsibility
Not cutting Medicaid & CHIP programs leaves us all at risk with huge debt Obama left us
Besides increases in taxes how do you propose to pay for Obamacare which is going bankrupt?
Yep leave it to dems to make a program that goes bankrupt faster than medicaid lol
Yes we can!...says Obamamama.
Liar.
Stop lying Chuck!  You are an embarrassment to New Yorkers!! #liar #hypocrite
How do you explain your obstructive stand against this government functioning as designed.
They can go back to having state healthcare! Our country is in debt in case you libtards haven't noticed!
Chucky, you're bullshiting  again. Stop trying to scare people and get to work. You haven't done anything but attack since Inauguration
Obamacare is falling apart.
The Dem's need to get stronger. Now the media is stronger than the Dem's???????
Senator Schumer, question is: what can we do to stop them? Will they listen before it's too late?
out that you APPROVED OF
under her mothers plan and she is special needs so doing talk about what this president is doing talk about ALL the programs that Obama cut
part doesn't it? Obama did away with a program that covered special needs children and low income so what is the difference? My niece is
What about the 20 millions who can't use their obamacare? It is not a cut, it is a reduction in growth of the cost of medicare.
Using children again? To what get your message across? Won't work you fund PLANNED PARENTHOOD kinda seems like a hypocritical move on your
Maybe you should have thought of all of this while OBAMA was putting Obama Care together that approved of YOU OK'ED it You went along with
Look how much Money you wasted on These Terrorist you Support!! Mean Spirited cry Chucky Cry!!
Chucky the us is broke.cuts are needed why don't you come up with an idea for a balanced budget.do you know what that is?#termlimits
Chucky you have taken $ from them for years, now you want to blame Trump's nonexisting budget? What you will get as much $ as u have in past
New York has 6 m ppl in Medicaid, we have to efficiently use Medicaid funds, only for those who really need and qualified.
Medicaid and food stamps are safety nets, not lifestyles. California alone has 12 mil ppl in Medicaid , cost up more than 400% since 2010.
Don't believe you
What a hustler working the corner
Schumer
Uh oh Chucky. AMERICANS are smarter than you think.  Your lies are out there for everyone to see. Adds icing to the cake that Dems are Bad
So???? You pay for it.
Mr.Schumer instead of saying CUTS to programs why don't you tell the truth and say we're not getting the money we want. Oh wait you can't
Keep fighting for us
Mr.Schumer plz tell the ppl what programs that the government actually cut funding for. I can't think of any.
Chuckle, can you take off that asinine looking pair of glasses for a pic?
Stick it Chucky where it doesn't shin
Hey Up Chuck, how about that Montana race? Another one bites the dust! Chuck your the best thing to happen to the Republican Party! Thanks 
IT'S NOT CUTS. Its a reduction in growth, and you know this.  That's why your the swamp creature preying on the ignorance of your base. LIAR
#You Are A #LyingSchmuck #CHUCK #ShameOnYou
Then DO something!!! We are tired of the non stop horror show and the lip service of electeds
Yes you can And will! Tax payers want their country back!
SENATOR SIR IM SURE THE PRESIDENT HAS THOSE ON HIS SIDE! DO YOU THINK GOD IS ON HIS SIDE OR SPEAKER RYAN?
Read the bill for a change Chucky clown no cuts future spending slowed
Reductions in growth of those programs are not cuts stop being dishonest
Chuck that's a lie. Nobody that had insurance will lose anything. Tell the whole story. Your libtards need the truth.
Or not, we would love a Rep supermajority in both houses!
Chuck Schumer is a big liar taking advanced this poor kids selling fake dreams Schumer   stop telling laiying to the American people's
Please start Governing, The DEMs and MSM divide and conquer strategy is destroying this country
But trump is the pres..you can blame him now...
SENATOR SIR THE EXTRA BILLION IN THEIR BANK ACCOUNT SERVE! CAN IT CURE THEM OF DESEASE;

OR INCREASE THEIR LIFESPAN?
Dude stop using this poor kids for politics real man don't do that   using this kids for your dirty agenda and their parents are democrats
SENATOR SIR TELL ME THIS TAX BREAKS FOR THE VERY RICH  HOW MUCH CAN A MAN OR WOMAN EAT OR DRINK? WHAT PURPOSE DOES THE EXTRA BILLION IN +++
It's not cuts. It's a decrease in the rate of increase. Nothing is being cut. So dishonest.
Tracy you can't tell libtards anything. They hate the truth
He's  not doing  anything  wrong , Chuck.try working  with  the  president .
He likes the fake news and talking to media, just trying to be viable, tell the truth, work out problems, no all u want is propaganda
Why do DEMS want to keep people handcuffed to welfare and food stamps?
Sen Chuck Schumer of New York
In what alt-universe is a reduction in growth called a cut? Stop lying and tell the truth. Reduction in growth is not a cut.  Putz
lol
SENATOR SIR THE PRESIDENT IS NOT DOING HIS JOB! HE IS LISTENING TO THE WRONG PEOPLE FOR ADVICE!
Show your work, prove it. You spout lies like a farmer plants crops. By the multitude.
Thanks Senator!
WHERE YOUR PROOF USEING FEAR IS NOT THE ANSEER
SENATOR SIR WE SHOULD BE INCREASING BENEFITS TO MAKE THE SYSTEM BETTER ! NOT CUTTING BENEFITS!
Chuckie you don't care about them quit lieing to them
Hey Chuck, how is your friend #anthonyweiner ? What do you think of Formers Pres and SOS trolling Trump? what about #SethRich?
Not cuts, slowing down increase of spending. Get it right chucky
No it won't. Stop lying
