So what? The federal govt should not be in the health care insurance coverage. Let private industry do this. Insurance is not a right.
I once felt that way too. Now I've evolved to single payer system, except we could never trust leaders to appropriate funds.
No on any single payer system. Good grief the federal govt can not even run the VA system right. They will screw it up
Other countries do it.  We can too.   We r only as strong as our weakest.  Trump will have us in Russia's lap   No time to lose
I'm not sure I'm following your message right-can't comment yet.
Your the best.  Thanks for All you do!
Before Obamacare my health care cost 3k a yr. With Obamacare 12k plus 30% copay so how could anything else be more
Remember this statement. If ACHA passes, you'll find out.
Be specific.
There's nothing in the ACHA to bring down costs, and much to send them up. That's assuming you aren't a senior citizen, then WAY more.
Millions of Americans will lose their health insurance w/ the GOP plan. Some will die or become disabled. Ask them how many is OK?1000? 100?
This #Obamacare bill strips away protections from ppl who need them most in order to give a tax break to those who need it least
That's not true
 Typical liberal liar
Most Americans are sick and tired of the democrats and the media lying about EVERYTHING! You don't tell the truth!
Keep on fighting for us!!!Glad we have some patriots in government,on democratic side anyway!Thanks my senator!Wish my Rep cared tooP King
Chuck yo are such a twit.....so what is your plan; other than fight Trump at every turn.
So what can we/you do to stop this bill? I'm at a loss...
ring our representatives offices 20x a day?
That's something. But will they care? Honestly, I don't have an answer. Maybe I'll wake up with a great idea. :)
we have to get rw-thinktanks to stop manipulating us. they have been working away getting gerrymandering/building hate. inspirational dreams
Good morning! Thanks, Athena, I was feeling morose & helpless last night. Driving me nuts that Congress seems to care less about Trump. Sigh
glad you feel better - and good evening here - there is so much to do it is overwhelming - one step at a time - i guess
Thanks! Good afternoon here. Agree to 1 step at a time. Gonna have to have some patience too.
The only way to stop that...Intercept the bills and destroy it. The 1% already have enough money up their asses.
You could tax the top 1% at 100% (kill the jobs they create) and the gov't would run out of money in 40 days - what then?? Btm 40% pay 0 tax
Please fight for us Senator, why can't we make health insurance companies not for profit?
My prescriptions were 5 bucks since Obamacare 30 bucks and my insurance has been through wk same company for 25 years. Family deduct double
What r u going to do when Trump leaves office?
And most people I know has cancelled Obamacare bc they couldn't afford it. It certainly didn't protect them...#dosomework!
What it boils down to is if the bill doesn't fit into their one payor system framework, it's null and void. False statement. Contributors ^$
Bingo, Paul!!
Without examples of Senates HC Bill is less than what you recommend to fix a failing law is just hostile air. Be productive or step away.
So come up with something that does work then. Bashing the opposition is what Americans are so tired of hearing
like you
Take a seat at the table and START Governing!! Stop Obstructing!
Stop your complaining and actually do some work!! #obstructionist
The only way you will get voters back is if you push Medicare for All and dump your policies that enriched insurance companies
Always wanting something for nothing. Get a job.
The 1% don't need a tax cut. They also don't need to send money to offshores and lie about it. Greed 101 the course answer the question?
You could tax the top 1% 100%, take everything they own and the country would only run for 40 days. What then?
ACA’s exchanges offer less competition and choice in 2017 than ever before- does anyone see the problem? #AHCA #HealthcareBill
Keep fighting @SenSchumer! Lot of negative responses and I have no idea why. I have coverage and without #Obamacare I would have none. #lies
It's simple, more people opted out of Obamacare and paid a penalty than signed up for the program- bottom line. It didn't help me
I'm sorry to hear that. I do not agree with penalizing people for opting out. Without it, however, I would have no coverage at all...
I'm a cancer survivor- it wouldn't cover my specialists- deductible $5,000, i only spend $1500 out of pocket - and premiums $650 month
I do not believe anyone would argue that #Obamacare is perfect. It needs a MAJOR overhaul, but a complete repeal would leave me with nothing
You don't know that.  The major overhaul is insurance companies needing billions and billions of tax $ for pre existing cond. it's simple
Precisely why we need to get insurance companies out of it.
You mean like the middle class who make too much to qualify for assistance but saw rates increase 70% under Obamacare? How many millions?
That's why we need #MedicareForAll
Who is going to pay for it? The losers who won't work?
Don't lie Chuckle I know it's very difficult for you to do but please try
11:30 -Senate GOP: "#HealthcareBill is out"

11:31 -Dems: "I HATE IT! We're all going to die"

Keep it up we like winning, 5-0!!!
Since winning the presidency, your side has won absolutely nothing.
And by winning, you mean ignoring the will of the majority.
The majority did not want Trump. Remember the Electoral College? Let's state the facts.
Ha from a troll with 7 followers.
Single payer
It will cost us dearly in our honor as a nation and also economically.  All these people will end up in emergency rooms
Sir, We hope @SenCapito hears this message from you. She won't meet with constituents to hear our concerns. @VigilanceJCWV @PersistResist2
Liar

Please do everything, EVERYTHING, in your power to stop this. As an NY resident, I support any means necessary.
You sing the same BS song for every issue Chuck, when do you toss in the "children" "Seniors" & tears for good measure?  Idiot!
Excuse me,Obamacare is still in your court! Nothing is definitely signed yet! The new care needs tweaking! Yes,OBAMA n you n your team
Didn't show Republicans anything. Just that mook who called ALL OF US" STUPID AMERICANS " won't understand it anyway!
Crying Chuck Schumer...give him a bath towel
Wonder if someone uses AI to analyze replies or if replies are so numerous they are wasted.
You lied about Trump collusion when you knew he wasn't being investigated,  why should we believe you now Crying lying Chuck ?
PLEASE HAMMER HOME the fact that this is all in service of a tax cut for already-wealthy people -- like Trump and his cronies and family.
STOP FEAR MONGERING STATE THE WORDS IN THE BILL... OH WAIT YOU CAN'T BECAUSE YOU DONT KNOW HOW TO DO REAL WORK 
Senator, lead the opposition!
Liberal lexicon: those who work should take care of those who don't want to
How would you know who needs a tax break the "least"? Are you the "Great-Oz" and think you know how much money is enough for everyone?
Well stated. GOP sabotages ACA and now wants to "fix" it by destroying its most effective/successful pieces to give $ to rich.
Hey Chump, your bill (Obamacare) is dying faster than the Dems 2018 hopes!You tried and failed with Obamacare! Let the big boys have a turn!
Chuck I pay more than 50% of every dollar I earn to some sort of tax!  I work 60 hours a week and hell yes I deserve a tax break!
Then why don't you work with the GOP to fix it, instead of playing political patty cake with our tax money?
How are y'all seating there and allowing them to do this mess?! Lord Jesus
Well geez Chuckie you should have quit obstructing and worked it out for the people
Senator Shumer I am a DEM w CF YOU all have ruined the way we afford healthcare & we wiil LOSE COVERAGE AND OUR LIVES bcz of YOU
Senator, Pls see prev tweet IF YOU DO NOT HELP #PRESIDENTTRUMP YOU WILL LOSE YOUR SEAT We are not putting up w DC DEMS anymore
"Senate Obamacare repeal plan would slash federal healthcare funding for Medicaid"
http://www.latimes.com/politics/la-na-pol-trump-tapes-tweet-20170622-story.html … #VoteNOACHA #SaveACA #Resist
Maybe you can forward current occupant of the White House @sarahkliff's article -
LA Times: "Senate bill would provide billions $$ in new federal aid to stabilize markets" #ReverseRobinHood: Steal from poor; give to rich.
@wildwestleft  This is s/b for the people. Keep them healthy. Able to work. Who wins w/this piece of crap.
Yes and it's crickets from thos rich people,they should be ashamed
How did we get here, where this kind of cruelty and injustice is even being considered. (And so many others, too .)
Yawn
Bingo.  Bottom line. They can't deny the truth. This is the truth. Coverage gone. Bankruptcy up. Jobs lost. This is not who we are.
Here is the heart of the Trump care health bill.
We are at @SenateMajLdr demanding he stop the attacks on Disabled people's freedom with #AHCA. #ADAPTandRESIST #NoC… https://www.pscp.tv/w/bBqEzDFxTFFHVkxiYk9rRUp8MXlOR2FxUU52RHJHagks6IH_EgL7RO_b9E0XnZcndkirHc9E_ns9sh5ilAjY …
Obamacare is a plague on the hard working Americans many of which are your constituents. Don't you care about us?
Hey Chucky, please explain how Obamacare you rammed through without reading helped my Family? Premiums & deductible both doubled.
2busyshoving disabled outof thr wheelchairs #DisabilityRights 2protest  #trumpcarekills @ananavarro @SenSanders @donnabrazile @davidaxelrod
Will fail without mandate.  They want to kill it, this is the sure way.  Hope it builds demand for single pauer5
Obstruct as long as you can. Every day you stop this bill is another day people can get care. #MedicareForAll
Chuck stop the lies, this is what is wrong with your party people like you.
And that same argument failed to stop the Bush tax cuts. Do better.
So can we NOW impeach him for trying to kill more US Citizens than Isis or Taliban. I mean Jeez! My one twin son has autism! I am so pissed!
We'll fight until we win. Love to you and your sons. Thanks for all you do. 
Thanks hun! I certainly hope we will fight and win this! This is long over due!
Agreed 100%. Their masks are OFF.
Can we get on with IMPEACHMENT? He us destroying our country. This is not funny people are scared and should be!
Please stop this Healthcare bill.
How about calling out Trump for lying to His Voters!
#unconscionable
Look who's talking U gave us Obama Care, U crashed our economy, Corruption became common, Spying on Us!!! @SenSchumer @TheDemocrats
This pediatrician thanks you for your support of children and healthcare for our most vulnerable.
Thank you! I appreciate that.
We got that part. So now...can we trust you will find the way to insure it doesn't pass? Can you convince 3?  I beg you. Our lives at stake!
Let's just say it. TurtleCare is Satanic.  Exploiting poor to enrich the few is absolute evil. That's the definition of evil, no?
You Dems do not understand economics. We do not want socialism. Obamacare failed. Do you want to keep it?
The world is looking @ America & laughing ! Donald trump has made a circus of America & what we stand for this presidency has been a joke
Correct. So why aren't the Dems pushing for single payer????? You must have noticed that the whole damn world does it because IT WORKS !!!
oh Chuck, it's the same old lines with you. The American people are not falling for this crap anymore. Lies
My friend--just diagnosed w/lung & colon cancer: worked all her life & now can't work. Hate the arrogant here who think they can't get ill.
Chuck you are a liar!!
You????
I want the Reps to leave Obamacare alone.  Let it implode!!!
#RepublicanDeathPanels
#Trumpcare is called the "Better Care Reconciliation Act of 2017"
or 
#BCRAp
We love you Senator Schumer. Thank God someone is not afraid to be called names by a president that is a spoiled brat.
Calling congress members names! How presidential!
I so agree! Thank you fir having our backs! We do NOT want trumpcare!
Reform welfare to cover people who need help with medical costs and get out of the healthcare business, you greedy power mad old coot.
Thank God for the republicans that cared more about country than party.
Should be #TrumpNoCare
Sure is #TrumpNoCare
Present your ideas to the GOP
Exactly. @GOP have, once again, shown off their true colors.
Lie!!!!!!
Keep fighting for us @SenSchumer!

Where is your plan to fix OBAMA care??
Does this surprise you? Really! What are you doing about it Sen Schumer?
You did not even read the Bill.  Your response was so prepared ahead of it coming out.  Of course, you are an obstructionist!!
BULL CRAP!!!!
That is the Republican way, and they seem proud of it because they keep doing it over and over again.
Stop the fearmongering.  It is a lie, u know it is a lie, yet u keep pushing it.
Crying loser Chuck Schumer and his troll buddy Wendy p Ragsdale just don't have the brains to realize America is done with the jihadicrats
Your refusal to participate shows how much you truly care for 'we the people'#hypocrite
If you don't like it, you should not have refused to help replace the collapsing AHCA. That was the height of irresponsibility.
Why not identify why the current healthcare bill is not working? #usefacts #informed #tellthereuth
@DNC please draft the fixes for current ACA & present to #WeThePeople Under ACA I'm able to go for FREE Screenings & Preventative Care YEAH
Gov should not be in the pockets of the people. Give the poor/sick Medicaid and every1 else needs to work & earn it. 30 hrs is crazy-WePay4U
If this bill doesn't pass & more lives are ruined/lost then YOU & the rest of you hateful Democrats WILL HAVE BLOOD ON UR HANDS 4 many Yrs!
Why are U calling it TrumpCare? @POTUS Does Not want his name added. Not like Obama Did! =Ego! Why not solve problems instead causing w/Neg!
Um, Obama didn't name it Obamacare.  That was his opponents.
come on Chuck you can do better then this put some more spine in this , tell them bastards they are murders
Lying crying Chuck 
The Government should NOT BE INVOLVED IN HEALTH CARE! Your lying when u say cancerous kids will loose H.C b/c Medicare can't deny children!
Love ones of mine who are Democrats are never going to vote for ur party again b/c of ur disgusting obstructionist behavior!
And remember, it's a tax break at a time of historic income inequality
You Dems and Obama messed up the lives of millions of Americans with your failing "Obamacare" so TRUST ME, you will NEVER be in power again!
#TrumpDontCare #TrumpDeathBill
It's nice that you can now read a health care plan in less than 3 hrs! Anyone read 30 thousand PG Obamacare yet Chucky?
Somewhere in America Mr Chuck Schumer is a family who has to pay $347 per child per month in penalties b/c they can't afford ACA& that's ME!
Trump and his Machiavellian Team of cold hearted possie, who care not  about the health and well being of the poor! God don't like ugly!!
President Trump will be making the people who use the system go back to work-they are faking & getting benefits for free
Chuckie - You are a wolf in sheeps clothing. Go away! You are disgustjng. I feel sorry for your family.
stop the bill we are counting on you
Lies lies and more lies. Liar liar pants on fire.
Really? What page is that on? You sure are a fool.
Instead of Americans dying from cancer & such, they will now die from an inability to access treatment & meds.#Trumpcare tax bill isn't H/C.
Republicans don't care to help average Americans. They only care about deepening the pockets of lobbyist and the richest ppl.
Same Ole Class Warfare Chuckie??
No wonder you knobs have lost 1000 seats since 2010.....
What's your insurance plan ?
Where is Sen Schumer`s bill to fix the Obamacare death spiral?
@SenSchumer maybe you should adopt #Obamacare and give up your government privilege #beoneofus
But you didn't mention how many people are going to die, Chuck.
Chuck thinks if you work for a living or you worked your entire life you don't deserve a tax break, yet if you never worked!!!
No tax breaks for the rich. Trump is an old guy out of touch. We need dynamic leadership. No walls, no lies.
We shouldn't be worrying about providing affordable Health Ins. to most of the country. We should be providing Health Care to ALL.
What protections are stripped away?
Just another day in American. I truly believe it doesn't matter anymore.
I thought you hadn't seen it?
Obamacare is DEAD, get over it!!Dems need to get on board #BCRA. I'm sick of working 3 PART TIME JOBS so others can get it free #PASSBCRA
Oh honey, is that how you think the #ACA works? How cute.
Many people will still be uninsured no matter what. But I don't think a penalty should be given if not insured.
#democrats pushing less choice and bigger governments is the exact opposite of for the people! You're ridiculous. #Getaclue
I hope one day them same inconsiderate senates and their family need help and get knocked down. Their day is coming.
Please stop calling these GOP terrorists - our republican friends. #HealthcareBill
Domestic terrorist
I don't separate terrorists. A terrorist is anyone who terrorizes no matter where or who. This phrase: Our Republican friends freaks me out.
Collegiality is dead in this era of winner take all and fuck the rest. Schumer needs to understand that.
Exactly! We just lived through Obama years of total GOP obstruction. What collegiality are we talking about?
Time to take a stand or abolish the party. The neoliberals will appreciate the tax cuts and not worry about core constituency. Pathetic
So true!
Who exactly are the people who need it most? Illigal aliens, career welfare parents who are capable of working & choose not to.
We are behind you.   Thank you!
Keep fighting for us!!!
It's #wealthcare for the #rich #wealthcarebill vote no
like all the rich people he's got in his cabinet - because as he said at his rally he doesnt want poor people in these posts ..
Thank you! Dear Lord, I'm glad someone knows and cares!
what about the ones who cannot afford Hussain care? do you think of them or u just are paid to obstruct and nothing else.
It's #trumpdontcare not #trumpcare. Folks will DIE: Paraphrase #NRA lovers: Treatable diseases don't kill people; lack of ins kills people.
Despicable. Get 3 or more republican senators to vote NO!
It also strips benefits from the majority of those who voted for him. #partyofmalevalues #failure
Pls rt- my disabled child's life at risk. Show who the #AHCA Will harm
Bull
Damn chuck you read thst bill a little fast for me too even consider ur serious
Larry Mizel says hello, he says you she leave the country while you still can
I didn't qualify for ObamaCare, FL, 2014. Was told my income was too low 2013. Well, I had emergency breast cancer surgery in India. 1)
USA needs #HealthcareForAll  AHCA is a backwards greedy plan. I am wandering around the "Third World" until the USA evolves. @SenateFloor 2)
Have i not learned yet, ur all losers and no one is listening to u, RETIRE OLD BOY
Too bad you didn't show this much concern with obamacare. Just stop acting.
Fake News!!
EVERYBODY NEEDS THESE PROTECTIONS
Shout it from the rooftops.

Christians are not prochoice
