JUST IN: Trump admin. formally requests $12.77B for FEMA's Disaster Relief Fund, and billions for other disaster-related aid. 
It’s imperative that Congress quickly pass additional aid to help Puerto Rico, USVI & other states hit by storms and wildfires.
And you will be the first to cry how much more we are in debt
Yep, especially with having disastrous Obamacare !!
dont listen to the critics who would have thought that you would be reasonable.GJ keep up the good work.
So did Katrina why as today you said and did nothing or spoke out because it was not Trump as president
Write a check and help. Open your wallet instead of your mouth
Wonder if Bernie has donated anything....Warren, Pelosi- and that loon Maxine Waters.
Nothing but lip service
All he is- a bag of wind.
Trumps done more in natural disaster relief, then chucky’s whole career
It’s not good enough
You're never going to be satisfied with anything Quit creating problems and learn to work with others
Heavens to betsy Schucks Tumor, did you figure that out all by yourself.  I'm proud of you.  You are definitely deserving of leader of Dimms
When will it EVER be enough for you!?  What are u doing to help?  Have you donated any money or time!?  What about ur family?  HYPOCRITE!
i dont mind if my taxes go to the right place.unlike UHC.
Mr Schumer, it's so easy to sit back & tweet out lectures. Try getting your party to stop the same & work to
With our President on bipartisan goals & approvals
Meanwhile you continue to hand out money to illegals in ny Americans first like those in PR Texas and Florida
not much more than was approved for the damn wall!
#nothing he does makes you happy.  You are one grumpy old man.  Why don't you go help the people?
Always looking for money to pay off his cronies
It's will never be enough for you!
Get rid of the crushing debt. Goldman Sachs has made enough $
Wow.  Was that a compliment? Or is there pork barrel in this for NY?
You should go with Bobby to DR on private plane. Maybe go PR and physically do something
Yeah Chucky, just throw money you didn’t earn that will fix it, just like inner city schools spend more money produce nothing
Thank god Trump is doing as well as he is! Could you imagine how poorly the racist Muslim would have done?
Chuck Schumer , MSM needs to stop spreading hate in our Country . When do they ever have a positive message about anything .
You're saying something good about POTUS?  You're up to something! I don't trust you or your motives! Obviously you want something!
What's up with FEMA?? Ppl in St Thomas inland never received help! He was stuck since Irma arrived FL 2 days ago. NO FEMA HELP for blacks

This amount is far from being an adequate amount for all the areas hit as hard as they were. Specially PR/VI
Really that's your news we all know that you just have to always say something and make it seem negative The hell with you Chuckie
There may be a few good people left in Congress. Trump is not interesting in helping the citizens. He wants to help the rich. Da Dough, Moe.
You people are beyond help what a bunch of fruit cakes brain washed by CNN not for long their new owners will not put up with their crap
Quit cry'n already chuckie.  Damn you whine too much
Oh I had no idea. Thanks for reminding me that after a cat 5 hurr blows my house away I still have a tough n difficult time ahead. Jab!
It'll take at least that just for Puerto Rico.
@NBCNightlyNews We thank God that none of the places affected in these disasters must also deal with  the likes of you,Chucky
Just drop the f$cking wall idea
Alert; Chuck a Poll of your constituents shows you are ignoring them &instead obstruction for your party line is all you know. Grandstander
How come u liberals never give charity recognition of aid r giving to Puerto Rico. Can't be all presidents job. Samaritan Purse doing much
Just wait for the amount of tax cuts for the rich they'll be asking for as penance. It'll make this request look like a pittance.
But what about PR - they r really putting a dent into the budget
Chuck Schumer stop your bullshit talk and talk about what you can do for Americans who are giving you your paycheck
Perhaps you could throw in a few bucks chuckles
Bump Stocks are total bullshit, all AR7's become machine guns total failure of our Senate to allow that crap!! FIX THIS BEFORE TAX CUTS
Mr. Negative do you ever just say that's great or is that reserved just for your dysfunctional Democratic Party?
#NeverDJTHRC #ClimateChange #Maria—Rise of Davos Class Sealed America’s Fate https://goo.gl/5r7Hk3  No @HillaryClinton All Was Not Well

Why don't you just tell Trump, thats a great start and YOU SUPPORT HIM..
Can't wait to pork it up can you.
#NeverDJTHRC Problem w/Hillary—Corp Worldview—unique unsuited—confront #FossilFuel Cos that profit off ClimateChange
They need to leave Medicare alone!! We need it along w SSI
SENATOR WE CAN'T THINK ABOUT HOW MUCH NOW! WHEN LIVES ARE AT.STAKE!
Is this the same fund he wants to dismantle.  Putz
4 hurricane! Mass killing! Krazy korean! Obama iran screw up! All in 8 mos! Bastards like schumer cant back off Potus? Hes done brilliantly!
All liars have their portion in the lake of fire.
Chuck, try to figure out a way to make money without raising our taxes.
Figure how you are gonna pay for it Chucky Cheese that means no more state deductions in New York for start in tax reform
@FionaFrench9 A good start would be impeachment followed by financial seizures of all 45's properties and holdings #GetWokeChuck
Something is wrong when we have politicians calling $12 billion “a good start.”

 Call senators and reps and tell them we want them to help Puerto Rico. 202-224-3121
Jones waiver for much longer than 10 days too.
How about you opening up your wallet and helping - give to places of worship or on line- u r just talking - helps no one
Have you donated Chucky, like Trump?
You as a kwader are also responsible. So quit the blame game and get some action going.
Politics as usual with the master of politics!  Lol 
SHAME on you if you add the DREAMER Bill to this package. As you said the other week.  Please resign
Why is it only Repubs can say deficits don't matter? But cut social services to the bone? https://thinkprogress.org/six-years-after-cheney-said-deficits-dont-matter-the-national-debt-hits-a-50-year-high-40193bdadd2e/ …
Time to divvy up the pocket money. 
STOP your race wars, blame games and STOP OBSTRUCTING CHUCK.  Do your job or YOU lose your seat
Is this for real???
Good news? How will @POTUS & @SenateGOP @HouseGOP pay 4 it? More tax cuts 2 the rich? Trickle down economics? Allow silencers 4 more deaths?
How much did he give for the wall?
Wall=$10 billion
@SenSchumer . Learn how to spend taxpayers money wisely . You dam liberals waste waste. Would love to see where every dime is spent also.
A good start,  u make it seem like we have done nothing , enough with the anti Trump nonsense I'm sure you didn't donate millions u cheapass
Sen Schumer, certainly you are aware that PR infrastructure was a disaster before the storm. They voted to not be a state. Just saying.
donate your salary chuckie,actions speak louder than words
Oh no! I guess we won't be able to interfere in foreign governments for awhile.
Don’t go and get weak on us Chucky
Hopefully that will be available after tRump & his crime fam get finished plundering 's treasury, & bottoming out the Secret Serv budget!
Why don't u do what many Americans do- give money for aid in  a place of worship or online- talk is cheap- let's help the people
I'm curious what philanthropy you've participated in through your life other than just giving ? What are your causes & how have you helped?
At least our tax money is going to help Americans now, instead of shipping it overseas
Yesterday you were whining about the budget
Wow!! You actually acknowledged 1 of the many good things @POTUS has done. Are you drunk or haven't you had time to realized u spoke truth?
Thanks for acknowledge wild fires in Oregon this has been a unreported tragedy too

BREAKING: Users on /pol/ have discovered flight records and a plane that belonged to the Las Vegas Shooter. It is connected to an intelligence contractor who's owner previously worked for the Obama administration. 
What a stupid response Chuckie. Did you think Bewitched could twitch her nose and make the road not long and difficult?  #StupidResponse
Yes, if you get off you resistance butt that would be a good start

How much of that will make it to Puerto Rico?
You just can't compliment our President can you, so sad but when you consider the source, well........
Yeah, a start. I heard approx $80 billion will be needed for PR alone. What about that?
How about a group of gov't approved professionals as a comm. that works w/ PR leaders to plan rebuilding, best way how to.
So you mean free-throwing paper towels won't work Chuck?
