You've been in office over 20 years. Trump has denounced these folks publicly since at least 1991 and you know it. Please stick to facts.
He may have condemned the actions and the associationa, but he has never told people with this ideology that he doesn't want their support.
He actually did just that in 2015, but don't let facts get in your way.
I have never read/heard of him telling people with the same ideologies of the alt right that he does not want their support. Send me a link.
Lots of video interviews going back to early 1990s available via simple internet search.
Well, if that is how he truly feels, what would it hurt to reaffirm those feelings? The American people shouldn't have to go to YT to know.
He did. He shouldn't have to repeat it every day to appease politicians bent on obstruction who will never be satisfied, anyway.
You keep drinking that swamp swill, and I will stick with the fresh main stream. #SwampSwillMedia
You're a liar.
Two words, BS!
If that is a typo, don't fix it...lol Turmp...love it!
He denounced this clearly. Please keep trying to use identity politics to divide our country = Dem losses. You are divisive and corrosive.
Do u know what's happening in the world right now? We're facing extremist groups. What are u doing to help other than dividing this country?
Jesus is all over your profile there. Think about what witness you show the world when you go to bat for someone who won't condemn Nazis.
ALL acts of violence must be condemned NOT just what whatever suits someone else's agenda.
That some nice equivocating you got there. Seems like when a Nazi kills a peaceful protester the President should without confusion condemn.
Please refer to some "equivocating" words found: "peaceful protesters"? Have a great afternoon, all the best to you.
You're putting Nazis and those against them on the same moral level. The Nazis clearly came to disrupt that's their sole goal. They killed.
How many times does he need to do it? He was never racist, you can see old interviews proving it. Quit pretending, get to work. For the USA
Hey @SenSchumer do the lives in Chicago mean nothing to you or other @SenateDems ?
They don't. Black lives only matter to Dems when there is an election.
Liar.
So what's your approval rating Chuckie?
Politicians are pot stirring maggots.
HEY ASSHOL&*(*  IT'S TRUMP NOT TURMP AND DON'T FORGET IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Distraction seems to be the order of the day when plans constantly fail
Schumer the crooked jew. Disgusting
What the hell is wrong with Stumpy fingers he knows he's wrong but can't seem to step up & admit it
The left is trying to divert attn away from Lynch/Clinton tarmac mtg investigation by flashing other shiny objects - i.e. rallies and racism
@CoryBooker  Listen to the BIGOTS themselves!! 

The Dem party is The New Nazi Party!

Intolerance, Hate, Bullies, Lies, etc....
You're such a liar Schumer. We The People have caught on the the Democratic Party playing and we don't like it.
why don't you mention KKK, Antifa, NAZI'S are liberal Democrats? Ms. Pelosi's dad was KKK from Baltimore!

President Trump this, President Trump that...you are so beyond expired and irrelevant.
You are a joke !!
Denounce Antifa. If not it confirms you support of domestic Left wing terrorism
Who's responsible 4 what happened that day?There's enough blame to go around.
Nazi Collaborator #Soros
 ' collaborates 'with #Antifa BLM
To incite chaos violence ! He is a threat to all of US! 

…
Are u not paying attention? Watch Hannity, he will show u examples going back to 1991!
We should denounce all forms of bigotry& racism. So, now pls demand resignation of Sen. Nadel -insulting Jewish Gov.
Trump is disgusting
When you're a narcissist whose numbers are diving in the polls, you gotta keep your base happy.
Bullshit, he denounced both rt and lft and ALL that demonstrate hate and violence. Open your eyes and ears and take off you hate towards him
I noticed like this schumer aint got love from the american people. Anyone here who like/respect him?
Antifa- idiots funded by a Nazi protesting Nazis created by democrats. Yep pure intellect. #TrumpisaCHAMPION @POTUS @Lonnie_TheLip
Chuck, please stop the identity politics and work with the President.  It's the right thing to do.

so you would like to be enounced,,,  your are nothing but a neo-Nazi,  full of bigotry and bullshit, and the people see it... happy??
Hey "Crying" Chuck: Turn on your ears, will ya? He has denounced such people OVER & OVER & OVER & OVER & OVER again. You just don't listen!
Why Was This 'Crowd Hire' Company Recruiting $25 An Hour 'Political Activists' In Charlotte Last Week? | Zero Hedge.Is Chuck Schumer behind?
Don't forget to include Black Lives Matter in your list of racist groups - they ambush & killed of our dedicated police men & women
Your leader of it.
Chuck, when are you going to denounce these guys? You think these anarcho-communists are on your side? Maybe you are on their side!

Your hypocrite Dems started slavery put statues up Hillary's mentor Byrd member of KKK Gores dad voted against civil rights grandad 16slaves
Chucky is a clown go join a circus
Your name is not in there so he is failing a little
Your full statement is a full lie. PRESIDENT TRUMP has denounced & disavowed KKK, DUKE and white supremists for YEARS!
THESE ARE THE GROUPS THAT BELONG TO THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY  CAIR BLM ANTIFA BROTHER HOOD OF MUSLIM !!! NEED I SAY ANYMORE

I guess you want the President to write it in blood before you get it??

Stop the lies Chucky
So now Schumer and the Democratic Party are calling for the assassination of our President.
Reconvene Senate to vote on S 200, the Restricting First Use of Nuclear Weapons Act
Do you believe you would except his denouncing or just say too little to late. I  can`t believe you bad mouth Trump for tweeting compare 2u
He supports free speech

Favouring one side over another is promoting more division, is that what you want, you little jerk?
You need to pay attention to what ppl actually say instead of making up lies. Retire pls
Are you hard of hearing?? I hear him denounce them several times!!! MAGA!!!
Our country needs politician like you so we can stop the hate coming from the White House.DJT disrespects all of our vets that fought NAZIS!
Then DO SOMETHING!!!!
Mr Schumer, the @POTUS has done more for minorities in his time in the private sector than you have in a lifetime. #DrainTheSewer of the rat
You and the Democratic party need to stop trying to create more racial problems and start trying to unite people of all color.
If the shoe fits...
May God have mercy on your soul.
Dems - Using non existent racism to divert taxpayers attention away from indictments, failures & lack of policy.  Inflammatory labeling!
Their party is dying. they have cheated (Wasserman) & lied (Brazile) and killed.  They have no morals.  Racism is a false narrative 2 divert
These comments are unequivocally lies.  They mix the verbs, add new players, inflame population.  This party would prefer we kill each other
Can't beat them at the polls, just make things up.  Criminal that members of Congress fan flames & civil unrest to further political goals.

So Bill Clinton DEMOCRAT signed into law making Robert E. Lee a holiday in Arkansas. Confederate Statues we're Democrats. Trump's a Racist 
Seems to me what I heard and words that I read he did but also included your brainwashed people.  Maybe you need a hearing aid.
Have you denounced BLM or Antifa?  And he called all sides out. ALL SIDES crying chuckie.
Your Lying Tongue helps OUR NUMBERS!
BTW Cory Booker is going nowhere
If anyone is diverting it is you at the Americans expense. Get over yourself. @POTUS won and is here until 2024. Now stop whining.
He's done it several times, Turn away from MSNBC for a moment and you'll see it. Waiting on you you now, to unequivocally denounce Antifa.
I think the liberal party should impeach  Missouri state senator  that made that hate speech towards our President
Chuck , when will you have something good to say about moving the country forward? Why only Trump bashing ?
When are you going to call Islamic extremist terrorist? The many faces of chuck, don't look in the mirror you might not like what u see
Trump did denouce, unlike last President wanted to make sure he got it right first. Not put blame on wrong ones...like i ppl so quick to do.
You didnt denouce any group that got violent. That did arson, gang beat ppl into comas, destroyed property, looted and killed police.
If you would only put such energy and passion to help your constituents.  You are a fraud.

He has been disavowing for over 17 years that I have found recorded - did you miss ALL these?
You're singing from the same hymnal as our j-school betters aren't you Chuckie?
Chuckie.   You are the one that should be apologizing to America.  You are corrupt and an obstructionist. You need to apologize CHUCKIE
Sorry Chuck that you can't understand English. Maybe you can understand tge polls in 2018 when Dems lose more seats .
That's a dumb comment, even for us
.. to challenge the republicans, this racist will get back into office, he is unstable and crazy. Where are the strong democrat candidates?
2/2 This is the time for all democrats to stand up and say enough. How can you come back in 2018-2020 when no one is strong enough....
1/2 When are the leaders of the party coming out in front of the cameras to denounce this. Never mind sending all messages through twitter.

The house needs to get their shit together and #ImpeachTrump before they no longer have that as an option.
Who's President Turmp?
Trump Games Dems.  Its all a distraction.  Focus on what matters--return sanity to executive/legislative branches:
Are you making stuff up now?
You are also ignoring and tacitly supporting violent protests. STOP THE VIOLENCE.
Also stop the illegal use of intelligence methods and personnel for your political ends.
U got another body. Bannon. You need to win an election to get the oval back.
U suck chuck
We need to denounce Chuck Schumer. He is encouraging destruction in OUR COUNTRY.
You are telling a lie! He is seventy-one years old, a public figure and outspoken. Think about it! We voted for his tenacity/Pass tax reform

Hope your grand  children  are being taught  what  ours are. Is this  good  for  you perverts  up there  at the capital
Double standards for democrats and liberals. It don't work that way
Asshole he done that on national TV at a debate before he became president and several times since. Did Obama disavow BLM? Hell no
Senator.  I am one of your constituents.  Please support efforts to, at the very least, censure the racist in chief for support of racisim.
@realDonaldTrump  Obama never came out condemning the Black panthers for marching in the streets with loaded AR15s chanting "Kill White Boy"
@SenSchumer that's a bunch of B! Nice way to try to twist the truth to fit your agenda
Impeach #45; our country can't continue with all this hatred!

We cannot glorify rapists. This statue must come down: 
The history or the democrat party party was pro slavery, pro KKK, Anti blacks voting. When r u going to denounce your party? Lee was a dem.
When r u going to call for the removal of democrat senator & KKK member Byrds statue in WV? Remember your the slavery party.
You all need to stop spewing hatred towards the @POTUS , work together or just #retire. We pay you to do your jobs for all of us. #retire
How many times does he have to!!! He named them. Yet didn't name ANTIFA or BLM.. so lets talk about that!
I have a personal statement for you @SenShumer...
What about your hate group #ANTIFA
Please shut up! Trump denounce any bigotry and violence on both sides. The pendulum has swing too far to the left.
If you are so concerned about this, then you should quit the Democratic Party which has supported slavery, and white supremacy.
I thought in America you could believe and say what you wished as long as you harmed no other. So you want POTUS to denounce these rights?
Know your history.  Southern Dems created KKK and Supremacist, remember Robert Byrd, Hillary's mentor.  Will his name be taken down next.
Because his ego and parasitic traitorous family and his cohorts in the republican cabinet won't tell him different.
Do you live under a rock? Get a grip. Do you hear maybe in another language?
Chuck, No one cares. Why not ask what you can do to help MAGA.
Open your ears Chuck or check your batteries.  Trump has said it over and over again.  Check on other news medias, stop watching CNN.
Here's the real democratic party. Hillary's mentor. Did you every denounce what your party started the KKK ?
Chuck...I watched him do exactly that...WTF! You guys are absolutely frothing at the mouth fools....Signed: Flyover moms sick of it.
Do you denounce LUKOIL? What else can the man say? You write, he will day it, deal?
Your statement is a lie but then that's what the DEM mantra is. You and Pelosi need to resign.
Do your fucking job Chuck and get this motherfucker impeached and out of the WH!!! How much longer will the Dems and Reps let this go on!!
So why don't all of the elected officials join together and #ImpeachTrump and save our country #NoMoreRallies  trouble will happen
So we should refuse to allow him to remain president. Get rid of him!
Chuck calm down and get a dictionary to look up his words.  He has condemned it
u r so wrong chuckie, so wrong!
What a dope..... he did denounce those hate groups.... move on.... and do your job!
Chuck - Dems and liberals are like a dog with a bone!  We all know which party supported slavery, did not support integration-you guys!
Chuck - you act like we are idiots!  Both sides have issues here - why wear helmets and carry bats if you are not planning battle-stop it!
Chuck - will you let it go?  You are just continuing to stir it up because you can!  Pres Trump handled it just fine - I knew what was meant
All you Democrats need to leave this country go over to the country you guys turned ice is loose in and fight for that country get out
You lie! You Dems are responsible for all this violence! You are a hate violent anti America Party! Democrats are Terrorists!
This is literally the easiest thing he could have done. He is unfit to lead this country.

you are deaf!! @POTUS did denounce you just werent listening! why do you think Bannon made the statement he did because you are fools!
There's no point in him doing it now Chuck, we all know how he really feels
Thank you for speaking out.
jump up and down, stomp feet, and twirl....
