.@NancyPelosi & I told @POTUS we were open to reasonable border security alongside #DreamAct -his list goes so far beyond whats reasonable.
"Vast majority of American citizens" want Amnesty? Really? That's a "new" poll! 
Oh & the ppl who came here LEGALLY do NOT agree! 
You Chuck are what’s wrong with the Washington crowd.
no clue Schumer!
the vast majority of citizens DO NOT WANT TO PAY FOR ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS!!  STOP LYING!
He is giving more than any Rep. would ever give. So protect Dreamers if u really care. Stop complaining already. Never offering solutions!

Stop worrying about the “Dreamers.” You need to focus on this BS tax plan and how it effects YOUR VOTERS.
The President is serious. If you want to gain respect and get out from under Harvey W, you better do it. Be on America’s side not harassers
No Wet Dreamers
We don't need comprise. Both/all sides need to figure out what's right and just
Is this a bad time to remind you that Trump is a liar?
Takes one to know one.
Bot
You have to remember YOU work for American Cirozens & MUST put US 1st! Support OUR @POTUS @SenSchumer & @NancyPelosi! We The People VOTED!
You voted for a dictatorship?
Putting American Citizens first doesn't mean dictatorship. It's what our leaders are sworn to do & it's about time they do their jobs! #MAGA
Yes, if Trump and some of his cabinet begin to work on behalf of the entire country's people, something rarely seen in most of them.
@POTUS is working for ALL Americans but he's having to fight the corrupt money skimming career politicians in the process. #DrainTheSwamp!
You already sent out this stock right wing line which is just laughable in its inaccuracy
You don't have to believe me. Just watch what our @POTUS is doing. Actions speak volumes & it's coming through loud & clear! #MAGA #USA1st
You seem blind to truth, something Trump, as a pathological liar, rarely speaks.
Mr. Art of the Deal thought he would get his wall paid 4 this way - proving once again he is a terrible businesssman. & an even worse person
In case you live under a rock. There are prototypes being built in SAN Diego right now and over $11B has been committed to construction. LOL
Yes Shane, name calling is so second grade.  The wall is coming, just like winter is coming. Denial that you have a problem is a sign of TDS
Yeah but suggesting someone is ‘living under a rock’ is a legitimate argument. Yeah, nothing but class from you.
It wasn’t reported on @cnn so I figured I’d let you know the wall was coming. Like winter. The wall. Coming. All along the border...
And again who is paying for the wall?
Ultimately Mexico through taxes on remittances. Not that difficult. Even gave you a leverage friendly link to help.
One thing he knows for sure, nothing will get done for Americsns if Chuck Schumer has anything to say about it.
Come here legally!!!!
IN
Vast majority of americans?..wake up chucky..
How is your good friend and $$ supporter Harvey Weinstein doing Chucky? What, no comment you weak hypocritical coward? Deafening silence....
I don't understand why it's a bad idea to #BuildTheWall ?  What do the dem have against
a #wall
@SenSchumer and I actually agree on something. WTF are you doing to this country, @realDonaldTrump ?
I hope you recognize the fool you're dealing with!
not vast majority of American's "Democrats"
U know u will never compromise no matter what GOP offers. Ur way or highway every time. Always games to benefit DNC.
Illegals are not citizens. How about democrats start caring about the safety of real American citizens? Why U want drugs in US?
This isn’t about immigrants Cryin’ Chuck...it’s about ILLEGAL ALIENS...stop purposely mixing the two...such nonsense...
Chuck shut up
just build the wall chuck , stop the invasion , sift the criminals out , we'll work with you on those here now
and you thought he was serious ? who is the biggest moron?
@POTUS @GOP @seanhannity @SenateGOP If Democrats want Dreamers saved, better be ready to compromise on the rest of immigration!
@GOP @DNC @SheriffClarke Otherwise, Enforce the existing laws & send them ALL back. Sorry Dems, your vote grab did not work!
It's serious a firefighter was killed by a illegal immigrant drunk driver! Weak Politicians caused this blood on your hands!
Wha Wah Wah.. what a Whiner.... Only if you were president, Right Chuckie Cheeser?
booo whoooo Schumer... It is what it is NOW GET THAT WALL BUILT #MakingAmericaGreatAgain
Yes, let's continue to endanger the entire country to mollycoddle your dreamers.  Please resign from the Senate sooner not later!
If you really cared about the Dreamers you would start compromising on Border Security, your lack just shows how selfish u really are
Go home Up Chuck, you're only policy is obstruct and lie.
#GunControlDoesntWork 
High taxes and high regulation kill jobs.
Please crawl back into the hole you came out of.  Do you not understand the meaning of "illegal" as it relates to illegal immigrants?
Go to Mexico illegally an see what happens.... get off your high horse and stand up for Americans...
Liars! Sad to have such a dishonest Admin. who can’t be trusted.
Delirious Liberal Lunatics YES THEIR
SERIOUS!WATCH PELOSI VIDEO
W/DACA CALLING HER A LIAR &
DEMANDING ALL ILLEGAL STAY!
@realDonaldTrump
Only If You Crooks Want A Civil War in America!
#EndDaca #EndSanctuaryCities #DeportThemAll!
@POTUS @VP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
@NancyPelosi @seanhannity @jessebwatters 
@TuckerCarlson @judgeroymooreAL @billoreilly 
@jeffsessions @GOPLeader @HouseGOP
@SenateGOP
Oh he's serious! And so are we . Build the fkn wall , no more ILLEGAL FAMILY RIDES
Hey Chucky, as long as you continue to say immigrant community we know you are not serious. It’s illegal immigrant community!!!!

Tightening up our immigration procedures shouldn’t be such a radical idea.  Why only America is expected to have open borders??
So how many illegal aliens do you have on a cash payroll?

Every Country has its own CONSTITUTION and we have ours it's the U.S constitution
Never again try to make a deal with Trump.  He will never deal fairly and he will cheat you every time.
They are serious.  Time for you to get serious too and call for impeachment.
God I hope not. He's such a child. #ToddlerInChief
So what, Chuck? He got his spending limit raise already, didn't you Adult Day Care Don the Con @realDonaldTrump the BOGUS @potus
Did u believe u had a real deal w that shit to begin with? No deal. Americans do not make deals with #terrorists
Chucky and Nancy .... if you want Daca.... "We the People" of this great country  Who you work for, mind you! 
We need a Big Wall !!!
This American don't
Doesn't
Chuck why do you talk to 45 he is in another 
World
Thank you, Senator Schumer.
The admin is NOT serious. Their agenda is to get rid of immigrants. And get rid of any Obama created policies and laws. Expect nothing.
Chucky Days of #IllegalImmigration of  @POTUS44 Hussein @BarackObama are over!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump #DrainTheSewer #MAGA
GO TRUMP SEND THE DEMANDERS PACKING #NODACA
#Dreamers turn into nightmare 
Seriously disappointed that dems and more conservative Republicans are letting  crazy man run this country like a dicator!
If you make a deal with the devil America will vote you out of office immediately!!!!!
Dream this send them back
Stop your stinking lies Up Chuck
There you go confusing illegal immigrants with legal immigrants again. Nice dry.
Please use monosyllabic words so Trump can understand. 
@realDonaldTrump 
@PressSec 
@Scavino45
Take it or leave it! You have no power any longer. This isn't Obama Admin. You are dealing with the vast majority of Americans now.
Americans want US centric immigration laws.  We don't need to pick up all the world's problems.  We have enough. The dim party being a huge1
.@SenSchumer .@SenBillNelson Iy becomes more clear every day that D.C. Is capable of only one thing.  Pumping out EMPTY words, never laws.
You’re right Senator - would be terrible for Dems to get DACA in exchange for funding that hateful, divisive wall . It’s not in our DNA
#MAGA 
this is y u will continue to lose seats on congress and in statehouses around the country. U could be next.
Get to the next stage and stop trying to negotiate with an infant!#ImpeachTrumpPence
He is too crazy to deal with#impeachtrump
https://youtu.be/VZzA4CsqoWM 
Very serious mr Schumer.
Mr schumer. You want DACA, you want everything handed to you on a silver spoon. Time to start doing your job. Negotiate, or did you forget
Nominate & approve Merrick Garland = compromise
#SCOTUS
Trump does not do anything to aid people of color. He is a true white supremacist.
tell tRump there's NO beginning with his outrageous list.. Clean bill to protect DACA and allow them to work towards citizenship. That's it!
. Put that doobie down. You've had enough.
AMERICANS FIRST. RUN OUT OF THE COUNTRY ALL THE ILLEGALS. 
DUMP LYING, CRYING, CHUCK! PUT CHUCK ON UNEMPLOYMENT.
If they don't like it they can always go home #dreamers.
They can't be serious about a lot of things
guess mercer/Koch read lil do now the big donor riot act...  Kill the ACA, give us our tax cuts or else
you need to correct what you are saying, it is the illegal immigrant community, we have no problem with the legal immigrant community
Chuck i'm not sure if you know this but this is where you start to compromise so please shut up and get to work. OK as your constituent .
Obviously you are doing anything to block his agenda. We voted for that agenda and will blame blocking Democrats if it fails.
Chuck please use smaller words that trump can understand in case he’s reading this. 
Wow trump supporters are really racist. Sad
What is racist about America First? The last time I checked, America was made up of ALL different races. So, keep trying. This isn't about
Dreamers where brought here as little kids and they pay taxes they contribute billions of$ in taxes and 32% of ppl want them deported
Congress must take over and help the dreamers trump is too crazy and is incapable
If they're here illelaly they are criminals, otherwise the rule of law is useless. Why aren't you so concerned about American citizen and,
Did you really think you would get Dreamers legalized without also putting in preventions so we don’t get in same situation again?
Vast majority of Americans don't want the Dreamers, especially the one's who used fake ID to fill out DACA forms.
Congress has been given 6 mos. to create DACA legislation. Get to work.
Just dealing with very silly things. Every thing so far is just failed
Oh yes they can commie SCHUMER!!!
Compromise to you is the other side giving in to your demands.  TERM LIMITS
using the word anathema does not make your statement legitimate:  you place americans second
The vast majority of Americans were ready for the war on drugs to end on marijuana as well I'm subject to prison.what about me bro?
You've had it your way for 8 yrs. No more bending over!
Yes, the millions who voted Trump in are quite serious!
Help dreamers, secure border, remove the criminals, outlaw sanctuary cities will open the door to fair solutions for the remaining illegals
Reliable will never be a word to describe @realDonaldTrump 
I know you are smarter when you work with him than the @gop is
This guy has been throwing his own party under the bus. What makes you think your special?
Democrats have been anti-constitution since 1856. For you compromise is do what I want and that's it.
If you are illegal get out of this country and dream elsewhere
If Trump is God you are the anti-Christ
Yes, Chuck.  If Dems want DACA, the rest of America wants to pass laws to fix all immigration problems first.
How about supporting #LegaLImmigrants stuck decades in #GCBacklog? @NancyPelosi
Chuck you won't even try
You didn't actually trust that guy, did you?
All presidential candidates should be required to a full psychological evaluation.  Should be law!
You dont kniw the meaning if reasonable!
Trumps MO: 
1. Charm
2. Offer a BS deal no one would agree to.
3. Walk away and claim he tried.
4. Tie it up in court until he breaks you.
You are not on the side of the majority of Americans. Dreamers are a Democrat political pawn. The worst of politics, shameful.
You don’t want compromise, you want it your way or the highway- I pray we don’t have to deal with you much longer
Dems have blood on their hands!

You can get your job done. And compromise?
No more pussy walking around this guy. McConnell and Pruitt in Kentucky letting coal miners know they're rolling back Obama's 2015 Green Gas

Smoke sequestration at coal powered power plants would have an enormous benefit.
Where have you been. They're not serious about anything but making this country Populist Crap
Absolutely Not, The wall isn't all in by any stretch of Congress. You have all the discriminative immigration rules in place.
Dreamers that work or in school can stay. Gangbangers and drug dealers have to go. Pretty simple. 100% support from American people on that
That's right a compromise for illegal behavior. This is your opportunity to help  your Dreamers.
What’s unreasonable about securing the boarder? By any means!
Not to me Chuckie! Never presume to speak for me!
Should Dreamers blame the US or their parents who put them in this situation?  Parent gambled on kids future by illigelly entering USA &lost
U took oath of office2 defend theConsitution &2enforce laws of the land. Instead of focusing on illigals, make our kids dream2come true 1st.
If only US citizens can vote, whyDems R zooming on illigals on our dime? Is it possible illigals Ralready voting&Dems R benefiting from it?
It's slap on all legal imigrents faces, who waited yrs2 enter US.Why Ru mixing legal immigrant with illegal alians! DoU respectUS laws.US1st
If u create legal path 2illegals, it will expedite Social security depletion& bankruptcy.Charity1st starts at home.Focus 1st on US Citizens.
Chuck the Vast Majority of Americans just want all of them gone.  You are out of touch with U.S. Voters.
Hey Mr Town Cried wah wah shut up
Russian Bot
You aren't even willing to fix the mess you created in Obama care.
You & Nancy have opposed everything trump has done He opposes you & now you think he's being unreasonable It was you who wants to fix Ocare
Why should American citizens continue to support illegals that are draining our social services coffers at an alarming rate??
You cant expect to go in with all your demands being met but not meet any demands 62mil people have bn asking for, for years now
The vast majority that got him elected?
Stay strong, @SenateDems.   #Dreamers
Your an embarrassment to America
Trump has no problem threatening to cut the baby in half. Democrats have to be strong enough to let him do it. Dead serious.
Chuckie and Nancy - you’ve been had by a mental midget.  Lol
Exactly why you shouldn't have trusted him. He used you & Nancy to get favorable news 4 himself when he was tanking in the polls.

That is why we voted for Trump. You are wrong on every issue that matters to me.
It’s not his list. It’s Stephen Miller’s. Trump always caves to his base. Miller knows that and probably played Trump like a fiddle.
I think he can take care of himself.
I think you got bamboozled, sir.
NO DACA
Russian Bot
There will mever be a compromise between the two parties. What we need is a newer congress that isnt swayed by money and power #MAGA
How many DACA illegals are pedophiles and rapists???
Chuck, they are serious. #buildthewall
Don’t work with this ADMIN- work to impeach!
They’re not dreamless they are anchor babies. Destroy DACA
Compromise is for losers. This administration won’t fall for it.
When the people put  you in power, it is obvious that you will work for the people.
Dem never compromise like a dictatorship
They had plenty of time to become American Citizens. Illegal citizens have no say in this matter or any other political matter.
Did obama ever try compromise with republicans in 8 years? No, no he did not.
You seem to Care more about the no USA citizen than your about American.  We have so many social issue were kids mental health school etc
That's exactly right.  They are NOT serious about helping Dreamers.
Haha yes we are. We're sick of paying for other people's kids when we have a homeless and poverty crisis in our own country!

NOT a compromise, it's the MANDATORY/REQUIREMENT price YOU MUST pay for what you want.
they are never serious, @realDonaldTrump belongs into mental institutions.
They are #invaders not dreamers
Impeach or STFU... ahole, fkng useless election fixing fascist! Times up... you ARE Trump...you are responsible for his actions your failure
Did you see him threaten War against NK this weekend
Did you hear NK threaten the world with war again and again? Why don't you bury your head in the sand.
Chuck, why are r u opposed 2  protecting United States Citizens & the Sovereignty of the US, in favor of folks who r in US illegally?
Remember The Rosenburg's? Mind blowing isn't it? Unbelievable
They r illegals. Send them home!
You mean the illegal community, People who sneak over here like rats and make themselves at home?
Lmao the wall is going up or no wall no dreamers haha
Vast majority of Liberals/Dems ignoring 6 DECADES of illegal immigration--in fact they welcome all lawbreakers if they vote Democrat!
Apparently, with the Dems, it's either their way or the highway. Sorry, but we grew a set. No more bending over like we did for Obama.
Senator Schumer, stand your ground and keep fighting for dreamers.  New York  is behind you!
chuckie, give up your taxpayer funded salary to these welfare moochers
Bull 
