This proves that Obama was spying on Trump campaign/advisors mores than Russia interference in US election.
Trump never takes advice from anybody except on ways to promote right wing ideology or self promotion or to increase wealth
YES
Lol 
#VoteThemOut
Talk Talk Talk but why was Flynn still there if he thought he was a problem???
Then why wait 6 months? Sounds like Monday courter backing
And that is why Trump hired him.
Obama is an expert. Yah right.Buried the U.S. In debt and gave back Iran their money to help further the islamic cause.
@RepAnnWagner @RoyBlunt @clairecmc @LacyClayMO1 
The rate of evidence that POTUS is unfit and needs to be impeached is accelerating.
If this was reported back in December, I might care.  But now, its Monday morning quarterbacking where even potus44 can look insightful
Obama did not talk to Trump until Jan 20th,  doubt he clearly spoke about Flynn, since he set-up time releases for leaking to undermine DJT
Obamas administration also fired Flynn in '14. Seems like a pretty big hint that something was not right
In other words comrade Trump knew what he was doing when he hired comrade Flynn at the request of Comrade Putin.
Isn't this saying #Obama should be held accountable for not firing Flynn ?
Former Obama officials: Obama warned Trump against hiring Michael Flynn as national security adviser. http://apne.ws/2qhRUbL 
Was Flynn fired by the last administration?? If so, why..
Should anyone take advice from a failed president who armed a radical muslim country iran with nuclear ? Or who made a mess of Libya ?
Or did they already have them??
They knew this in 2015. During Obama term. They gave him highest clearance. Trump fired him when he lied. Nothing there.
It's a #Trumprussia cover up
That's because Obama had everyone on his enemies list under surveillance. Domestic, foreign, legal, illegal. It didn't matter to him.
Why didn't they take away his security clearance ?
@SenSchumer Dammit, Trump should have fired Flynn...oh wait
Report the news stop trying to incenuate what's not there
All you have to know if there's no collusion.
Obummer is one to talk!
Again you got it wrong. Expressed dislike...did not warn. Obama admin vetted him, he passed their standards.
Just how many listen & believe what they are told?  Get in touch with the real world.
well, If was such an issue..why didn't they publicly oust him from his former position in his administration??
They did.... smh he was fired... Did u miss that part??
My my and the plot thickens! The lier in chief needs to use his power of diversion,distraction and blaming. This is going to be interesting

This makes NO sense! Then WHY was he allowed to stay under the clearance that he had access to? It should have been downgraded - sent elsewh
Once exposed by the media, Flynn became a liability to Trump's ties to Russia! Classic case of being "the fall guy"
And that is more than likely why he hired him. 45 can't stand Obama.
How is this a story?
but never revoked his clearance or had any kind of investigation, but the bias and misleading media leave out that fact
DT should be getting pretty worried by now. #SallyYatesIsAPatriot #Trumprussia #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Who believes Obama? He's done everything he can to undermine Trump! Flynn worked for Obama & had many honors as general! Great guy!
they have been spying on him for years
ooops
Yeah sure. GTFOH
Really having no real significance.  The most that will and can be concluded - Trump et al made an unwise choice primarily re: politics.
Hillary you should have been stripped of all clearances you crook socialists
But BLOATUS had debts to repay.
Of course he did. This POTUS never listens.
Fake news
New World Order
If in fact  Obama warned Trump you can bet it wasn't from the goodness of his heart. He was afraid we would find out he was "spying" on him
Racist Donie wasn't taking advice from a..........
and trump said "the moving truck is out front. don't let the door hit your failed 3rd term in the ass." #MAGA
Where's the source?
Bull obama spy. He wanted this. Obama traitor. Where's his boyfriend
And yet Obama allowed Flynn a high security clearance... So which is it?
The Obama administration FIRED Flynn; relayed issues to Trump. And yet he was hired....
Of course he did!  And trump's attempts to discredit/blame Obama only makes trump look worse. He's pathetic!
Guess he should have revoked his top secret clearance as well..
You guys talk about Trump more than his own campaigners do.
Are you trying to get him re-elected in 2020?
WTF do @TheDemocrats stand for?
Medicare-For-All? Higher Min-Wage? Ending Regime-Change Wars? Card Check? UBI? Campaign Reform? Or just making the Donors happy?
Incompetent administration.  Sad.
Yet the Obama administration allowed him to keep his security clearance. Obama is a known liar.
And why would Pres Trump listen to anything Pres Obama said. His views were voted out!!!
Obama had his own views which served 8yrs in office.... Yeaaaaaaa, about that...
Congress should subpoena Flynn's vetting paperwork if it even exists. Wink & Nod vetting is not vetting!  @potus must be held Accountable!
So Trump gave Obama apptee & Democrat a shot. Let him go, so what? #NoOneCares except the delusional lemmings who believe in the RussiaHoax.
and we know how much Trump loves listening to Obama, or anyone for that matter...
I want to know what exactly Obama said to Trump. Did he set Trump up?
Much ado about nothing....another AP nothing burger !!!

people just have 10 second attention spans. Flynn's lack of character was in the news prior to 11/8 but many turned a blind eye
Bitter unemployed Obama sycophants gripe about stuff, Episode 900.
Nothing on FoxNews...they have weather on!
Just saw it.
Now we need to know if Obama told him WHY Flynn was questionable. IF he said it was for Flynn's Russian ties, then Trump has a problem.
We all take advise from our adversaries, right???  NOPE!  Cut the drama
"Said" by whom?
Then why did Obama hire him for a high ranking position in his admin?
I wonder if Obama warned him knowing he'd do the exact opposite of whatever he said.
How many time did we not give President Obama credit for playing chess while we played checkers?
He can try whatever he wants to try and tarnish Obama but he will never win. Every time he tries to he ends up proven a liar and a con
Because Obama already did that. America is more divided than ever the middle class is gone obamacare is imploding and the middle East.. wow!
How is that shocking news? Pres. Obama fired him... u think he's going to give Flynn a glowing recommendation to Trump
Obama is a liar, so.....
Anyone advise OB against Loretta,  Hillary,  Human etc?
Glad know someone is gong to blow the top off this crooked administration
You mean THAT
trump hired Flynn, found out he was lied, and fired him within a short time.  Move on, AP. You'd have a story if trump kept him on. 
no no no, fired him because he was caught, big difference.
This would help explain why trump accused Obama of tapping.  #trumpdeflection
And u believe ppl who reveal confidential info if at all true! These are unethical ppl then!
You're more concerned about a whistleblower than a treasonous possible Russian spy? Are we #MAGA yet?
Proof? And yes we r MAGA! Look at the facts! Be fair! Stronger on foreign policy, economy, jobs....
Liar - no problem showing taxes ,lock her up, good friends with Pavarotti, Judge sister writes bills, Obama birther bull
Holy hell @GOP is this acceptable to you? The world is watching the United States flailing under your absolute power. DO SOMETHING GOOD HERE
Just a disgrace this delusional administration is
Trump can't staff at direction of former president.  Needs to now admit mistake, not blame Obama and move on.
I think this is a situation where Trump was anxious to get admin rolling and didn't GAF what Obama says. If true, it came back to bite him.
But trump showed him!
And how did Obama know this because he was spying on US citizens!!
Absolutely
Flynn was hired by Trump exactly for the reasons he's in trouble now. Duh. 
show me the receipts
Yet he blames Obama for his lack of need to Flynn vetted...interesting
Yep..and Trump ignored him...since Bannon said to...
Unnamed sources. Again. Shocker.
& the Russian told Obama lol
Since when do idiots ever listen?
Trump has said he never talked with Obama. Perhaps Obama mentioned at searing in. Huh huh
Unnamed sources makes it #fakenews
Trump going to get away with murder watch
Shameful..... Nevertheless he persisted!
Hear that @realDonaldTrump? That's the sound of the walls closing in!
So what! If Obozo knew something he should have given the details. #fakenews
How do you know he didn't and humpty trumpty didn't listen?
Obama should of warned trump about king trump rule, how it effects the U in UNITED states..  got the ultra conserfatives huddled like a blob
and the 45* admin blames POB for their FUCKING STUPIDITY!
Am I supposed to be surprised he didn't take Obama's advice on something?
@realDonaldTrump is a fraud, a con, always been
Try denying tht, lol..Obama himself told him, not just Sally Yates
