1. increase people’s pay. 2. reduce their everyday expenses. 3.provide workers w/tools they need for the 21st-century economy #betterdeal
Dems plan is everyone on welfare and dependant on them problem solved
You got a better deal now?
@SenSchumer @nytimes See HRC position papers & see her detailed policies on achieving all of the above, with identified funds
https://www.hillaryclinton.com/briefing/factsheets/2015/11/30/clinton-infrastructure-plan-builds-tomorrows-economy-today/ …
needs to STOP dissing Dem platform msg & show the respect deserved to HRC. Her policy papers are not pie-in-the-sky, but funded
The $15 minimum wage does not work everywhere in 2017 unless you protect mom-and-pop businesses. Rural areas are not NYC or SF

Drop slogans & give us a real plan. Sick of empty promises. Want support give us facts
Not all need college education. Trade schools is where it is at. U forget someone has to fix plumbing, car, etc. Those r not flunky jobs
They tell the voters one thing, make deals behind closed doors for self enrichment, then blames the GOP for not doing what they promised!
What we REALY need is someone to replace that Buffoon, Schumer. Useless a tits on a bull. What has he EVER done to earn his position??
Schumer is not a baffoon. He's actually been publicly standing strong for our values as Democrats.
Respectfully, I must have missed that. All I see is him serving himself, and his rich cronies. Oh, and a little lip service to keep the job.
Yes..let's put more people on Medicaid instead of putting them back 2 work where they can get their own insurance.I love paying for lazy ppl
As long SMUCK CHUCK. @NancyPelosi .@MaxineWaters & @HillaryClinton STILL BREATHING .NEVER HAVE MY VOTE.leave office I vote @TheDemocrats
Why aren't you standing up for Democrats?  Obama got us out of a horrible crisis and Hillary had great policies. Stop bashing Democrats!
I'm leaving the democratic party because of Schumer and Wannabe Dem Bernie Sanders.
I already left the left.
You should of got a better deal on your Hair Plugs, they missed a few, a few MILLION! OMG did you pay for those? Now we trust YOU? #Really?
@nytimes Not a bad article, just left 1 thing out. Not only are w fed up with political parties, we likewise have no faith in the Media.
YOUR party has WALKED AWAY FROM AMERICANS AND AMERICA !
If Democrats have the balls to go after drug companies, I will personally contact Republicans to support it.  Not holding my breath.
College free... $15 wages, jobs  , build new biz..healthcare $100 a month cover..
This is a joke the dem pack of dogs do not care about the working mans wages They only care about TAXING those wages to give away 2 illegals
And they are doing nothing for 2 years except campaigning. They could work together get tax reform done, infrastructure done, a lot more!
"A Better Deal" sounds very Trumpian. Of all the words, why attach the party to "deal." PLEASE find another slogan. We needs the Dems back.
I like the word, "deal."  As in the New Deal
Same old b.s. from a self absorbed career politician. Nothing will change except we the people will get stuck with a massive tax bill.
The money for a new better deal is at the top 10% . The filthy rich.
Lies from a pathetic, unlra partisan, ideological loser.  #Schumer
Except for paying incompetents $15hr, this is common sense.  Salaries in McAllen Texas and NY/California CANNOT be the same!
Democrats-fans of Big Government and lots of regulation which impedes the development of new jobs.  Bigger Government is not a better deal.
7 months it took the @TheDemocrats to admit defeat. 7months of RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA..you guys have to much bad baggage
This is going to cost the forgotten men and women (deplorables) more tax money. Coming from NY senator and NY is 1 of highest taxed states.
How and why NY's  vote and keep him office is unbelievable. We are paying the Dem's to do nothing for 2 years!
A better deal!!!?? You Democrat representatives and @DNC sound more like trump people !!!
PLEASE ,don't insult the People who put Trump in Our WH. Wish the Left were sincere about helping the People instead of themselves.#Greedy!
exactly.  They are not going to do anything unless they win in 2 years? What if they win then the Rep does nothing. The voters lose.
Dems are desperate,promise  you the moon.once they get in ...all promises are dust in the wind
MORE BS. TALK IS CHEAP AND NEVER CHEAPER THAN WHEN IT COMES FROM CHUCKIE. Tell us how this will be accomplished
End the globalists agenda and you might do better. Nationalism is on the rise!
WE HAD your "better deal" for 8 years and it almost DESTROYED the country! NOT INTERESTED....I'M NO LONGER A DEM!

So glad to have Senator Chuck Schumer under President Trump bandwagon in accordance with jobs! Socialism down the drain
Unlike our current Potus
So obamacare implodes right before your eyes and not because of politics but because it's garbage, your party offers what? Russia???..lmao.

they have ignored the people for a long time.especially the inner city black people.Your message is not going to work we are on to your lies
The plan needs to include medicare for all

Free tuition

High minimum wage

Massive infrastructure. 

Or forget it.
President Trump is The REAL DEAL!
8 years of entitlement regulations and the selling of America we have not heard your voice * year and now you have a better deal Really
#NODEAL #NOWAY
Bla, bla, bla.
Noone believes those who brought us here and insist that all is fine and well, full speed ahead, better messaging and all that crap... Pffft
What HRC was fighting for all along
Should be called a Bitter deal 4 American workers.
WHEN DID DEMOCRAPS CARE ABOUT AMERICAN WORKERS.  HYPOCRITES LIARS PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY.
Glad to see Dems vision and plan spelled out. Thank you! Please include STUDENT LOAN issue. We can't achieve American Dream saddled w/ debt.
Stop apologizing for #Obamacare, defend it, & ALL Dems have done 4 ppl. HRC not the problem, U all are; get some backbone; state the cause.
Uh, Hillary's platform, but ppl were too busy w her emails, not what she stood for & ldrship no help. All middle class have is bc of Dems!
Heard @SenSchumer has a bridge for sale in Brooklyn too.... LMFAO!
Lying POS!
Look at the #ASS lol @SenSchumer  Libtard Ass. ! Still Crying #CrookedHillary lost 
@SenSchumer   You and your like have had decades to give us a better deal!!  Silly you!! Americans know.
Going after Hillary was a mistake.  And so is your asinine campaign.  You just slapped the majority of your party who love and respect her.
You campaign slogan should maybe be "substance matters."
It's not like trump had some great plan. He's got a great showman style that helped him.  But substance matters. We are seeing that now.
@SenSchumer @nytimes
Limit immigration . As usual everytime dems meddle, it for illegals and refugees , never Americans
If the devil had children their the Democrats
Trust the Democrats no way. Your socialists. You fire up your minions to cause riots, distraction in personal injury all driven by hate
Have proven one thing you make promises and break all of them now Obama is out making half 1 million a speech from the enemy
We are on to your game now Chuckie the Democrats are naked the King has no clothes
You're really just pimps of the poor and middle-class promising everything and giving nothing and living like kings
You like spoiled little brat pack kids to think that you're entitled to power and prestige at the expense of the masses
A better deal would be for every corrupt  congressman to resign their post. we will create a new party that represents working class.
Totally incompetent--resign and let a woman take charge--Hillary 1000 better than you!  Sad.
So now we judge effectiveness by gender.. and your professor sculpting Young Minds .... no wonder this country is in the s*** it's in
Dems come up with a new message over the weekend.  Follow through is the key. We'll see. 
How do you expect to create 10M new full time jobs when #Obamacare destroys full-time jobs and forces employers to hire part time workers?
The only thing wrong with your new talking points is according to Hillary it will only speak to half of the country . Other1/2  deplorable.
Not buying
You're trying to pour illegal aliens across the border. You don't give a shit about Americans.
A better deal would mean the end of obstructing government and disingenuous rants. That would be refreshing!
They R getting paid $180k plus to do nothing for 2 years except campaign. How bout working with the others get something done, earn your pay
Something for nothing is the Dem theme.
How can you possibly believe this clap trap. Dems have not given a damn about working poor. Keep them poor, give em stuff we will get votes!
Democrats need to become the Labor Party of America or die.
he's too busy mansplaining to @HillaryClinton
There is nothing the @DNC can say that can change the narrative, "we are in this mess because of Obama and bad regulations."
U hate America!
How stupid! Raise minimum wage! And in just a few months the cost of every thing goes up! unemployment will go through the roof! Idiotic bs!
So painfully out of touch
Schumer's been part of the problem. Past 6 months Schumer has been acting like the symbol of the Democrat Party. Schumer has no credibility.
Im in New York Schumer's been a problem for a lot longer than 6 months. He sure is good at getting people to move out of the state though
All Americans not illegals that don't respect our laws! Spend those resources on the Vets that risk their life for our freedom & security!
why didn't you address this for 8 years>
Sound like Trumps Agenda. Glad your deciding to join Trumps agenda
Very 1950s.
https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/889490903785713665 …
Listen Chucky, if you think putting more ppl on welfare or money into welfare is the answer your wrong and need to try again.
The worst deal for American workers & Chuck Schumer. They're who got us in this mess! He never stops lying!
Zero mention of labor unions and/or labor rights. This concerns me. Especially after Dems lost close to 50% of union mbr votes.
Very dumb to chase after Trump voters
Simply a ploy to trick Americans and win back power.
The head of the NY teachers union that fights to STOP children from getting a better education Via charter schools. Same old pay 4 play
your party needs a life preserver. Dems are dead with ideas.
Q
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Mr.Schumer!!

THAT'S WHAT WOULD REALLY HELP AMERICA AND AMERICANS!! GET WITH THE PROGRAM &MAKE AMERICAN GREAT AGAIN!
Ppl give to a charity. When the govt takes money fm one person as a tax & gives it to another one, That is income redistribution...Socialism
You cannot drive a new car, spend money eating out all the time, 2 phones, and save any money for the future. To much expense to get ahead
BETTER LIES- BETTER CORRUPTION- BETTER COLLUSION!!!
Lol ok
@SenSchumer pandering to trump + Putin supporters because due to his misogynistic perspective he overlooks fact majority of US voted for HRC
But if you substract Dead and illegals Trump won majority
Wow....Just wow. Another trump troll or Putin bot claiming trump actually won the popular vote! @DNC needs to stop pandering for their votes
If you want every Mexican and all the refugees that wants to come here and more people dependant on the government then vote libturds USA/ME
Good luck with that we are in this shit mess because of democrats. Anyone can say the words.
Blah blah blah
Did you ever stop to wonder WHY Sanders lost nomination, when he targeted only white voters in white states/caucus states?
Wow gonna go with the papa Johns theme huh? Well so much for originality lol. Democrats : better fraud, better theft, better cons.
You had your chance and made things worse. Step aside and see Republicans make it happen.
by importing millions of illegals driving down avg. wages? By policies to drive up the cost of energy, health care and taxes?  YOU LIE
They already have an identity it is (The Nazi Fascist Democratic Party) no slogans is going to help that party
Amen sir, AMEN
Slogans an sound bites aren't going to o it. They have to get off their high horses and spend some time in the real world.
Start working with the other party. Even if the Dem's win, the voter loses! The GOP will do nothing and nothing will get done.
Wrong.  This concedes the false narrative of economic anxiety being the main issue, and abandons the base's concern for social issues.
ALL of Congress has failed. No one in Congress has the courage to give the American people a debt free nation.
Better deal? Filling your pockets with special interest groups money
Lying crying Chuck
That is the worst graphic I have ever seen. It's the Democratic Party that needs a life preserver.
Where have you been Democrats cost Americans eight years of prosperity and now you think you got the fix get  serious support president MAGA
I hope this means some of you Dems will step aside for new Dems to come in! Pass the torch to a new leadership of Dem party you guys failed.
TERM LIMITS!!!!!
A better deal would be you and the rest of the swamp creatures being put in jail
A must read !!
This milquetoast, focus-group messaging will not win elections
At least SOMEONE is working for our country today. Nice to see.
Democrat party operative, who's a union boss, promotes Chucky.
Yeah, and screws her union's membership to boot
