Go home Chuck
What have U and Ur flunky Pres.Obama been doing for the last 8 yrs??? Don't blame us now!
Don't forget Chuck, the Democrats allowed pollution to happen and the Republicans (Richard Nixon) created the EPA to clean it up.
The EPA is for combatting pollution, not to fight for the hoax that is #globalwarming! Do your job, EPA!
You need to work with the President we elected or get out.
I am sure u did all this alone. LOL
#DAMN DEMOCRATS
This country can no longer afford a clean earth.

We need both #CleanWaterAct & #CleanAirAct. We desperately need a fully functioning #EPA! #VoteOutGOP #SaveOurPlanet #SaveEPA #earthday2017
EPA is out of control, far to much power, need to Weed out Obama employees and start with reasonable people.
@SenSchumer where's your @EPA #EarthDay tweet about the Animas River?
Confusious thought of the day: "Dems play by the rules. Repubs play to Win" #stolenseat #riggedelection #slowinvestigation #packthecourt
Stop with the nonsense
You don't have to depend on federal programs. Stop lying to the people. #schumerenemyno1
Blah blah blah
But our water isn't clean and neither are any of our gov agencies, nor you and most politicians. Profit over people.


Attempting to reign in a few senseless regulations does not equate to dismantling or eliminating the EPA. Why manipulate the masses?
No one is cutting the clean water act. Trump is cutting waste and bureaucracy, something liberals know nothing about.
Thank goodness then the EPA main objective now is clean water and air.
New Years Eve the streets are spotless in one night gee where does NYC garbage go anyways? I heard on a barge
Why don't you tell the people to stop messing up the earth? Duh slow tonight aren't we? Hire some people to clean it up like they clean up
No doubt our President thinks that was a hoax perpetuated by liberals (i.e. people who care about someone/something other than themselves).
Got that way under your watch! Then had to be undone by taxing the crap out of constituents
You are correct! We live but can't be foolish about our waste.
and without Trump New Your won't have their new tax cut....I don't hear a Thank You!
This Earth Day please invoke the 25th Amendment of the Constitution section 4 and declare him unfit for office. He is destroying us.

Looks like New York
Don't forget what the Hudson River used to look like! (I'm still waiting for final solution betn GE and EPA re the PCBs on my riverbank
Day to join in with the EPA to destroy the earth as they have been doing, fill rivers with mining waste, approve Detroit drinking lead water
@SenateDems Save Science, Impeach Trump ASAP!! Remove all the GOP corruption out of WH admin. #TrumpRussia #SaveAmerica #ProtectOurDemocracy
Yea and thanks to you @SenSchumer we still have chemical dumps in wheatfield, love canal. You don't care about the people of NY
Chuckles, under your years of leadership all you did was regulate business out of this country! Stop the crying. Retire so we can live free
When will we hold those responsible for #climatecrimes accountable? When the artic 50 over norm #ScienceMarch
At this point after 150 million years or so could it be Trumps fault already? Or is it cyclical ?
Feed that crap to your Democrat snowflakes !
And remind the ones that protested the pipeline who left the place a mess to clean up after themselves. There mothers don't work there.
Tell me again who created @EPA
Matthew 6:1 When you do good deeds, don’t try to show off. If you do, you won’t get a reward from your Father in heaven.

The PCBs wouldn't have been removed from the Hudson River
Let's thank the one responsible for EPA.  Mr. Nixon.
Why wasn't these problems solved with the $10 Trillion of debt Ran Up by @SenSchumer @TheDemocrats & @POTUS44 last 8 Years???
I thought it was mor like 19'trillion....I may be wrong though

#HARRIS4PRESIDENT: " Liberty Four All." Allow America To Live Up To It's Constitutional Agreement. 
It is almost unbelievable how one person can cause so much destruction in such a short time. Thank you for your dedication.
You need to be good to the planet too chuckie. Time for term limits! Get er done! Stop putting it off!
You overdid it...?
What about Flint Michigan?
time bomb indeed, landfills make seagulls grow big.. or that dude is just tiny
As someone old enough to remember "Love Canal," we must never go back to those days. #earthday2017
It's a toxic mutant seagull
SUPERFUND, RCRA, CAA, CWA, are the cornerstone of the EPA clean up programs.
Please call it what it is, they are lying. There is no such thing as alt facts. When we talk about them, lets be clear, precise,& acurate .
You can help by walking to work.
Chuck Help keep NY clean!#earthday2017
