Where were you when 30 Mil Americans lost their healthcare plan when #ObamaCare went into effect? Premiums increased to 116%? Keep your Doc?
lol over 20M more people have insurance now. Healthcare spending per capita inflation slowed from over 8% per year to ~3%. reduced deficit 2
Just cause you had a bad experience doesn't make it indicative as a whole. Anecdotes != overall statistics
Good is relative. It's better than what came before. It's worse than socialized medicine.

Do you have stats saying people can't use plans?
I'd argue having an "unusable" plan is better than paying up front for medical care.

Compare full cost for broken arm vs. 2k deductible.
No one will read it. Get a protest organized @SenSchumer and get people in the streets. Stand on the Capitol steps everyday in protest
yea right..that works for liberals with NO job..is that all u have..protest??
Most protesters have jobs.
Right  that's why they can protest all day...
Oh. You're one of the Christian repubs. 
nice try Karen...but your brain dead tweets do make me laugh
so out of touch with your negativity and obstruction attitude. Do you forget who's responsible for the disastrous bill that we now have
#Obamacare cut uninsured rate 2 historic low & cut medical cost increase @GOP terrorists attacked it from day 1. #Tumpcare =tax cut for rich
U obviously believe what ur told & not what u see. There is almost nothing left of O care. Built on premise of insure some for free. Have ..
Others pay for it. Not sustainable. Insurers leaving. If u were a payer you'd know. Cost me 28k annually and 6.5k more before ins pays...
Had to take daughter to emergency room. Cost me 8200. Saw O care patients there paying zero using facility for a cold. A customer of mine
How do you know what they paid? Did they show you their bill in the waiting room? Admit it. You just lied cause you don't know how it works.
I know because my son had to use it because he wAs aged above 26. The plan was awful. When he need a dr it was 50miles away with a 2 month
Wait. I don't know what they paid I assume free cause the ER cost 2k to walk through the door b4 they look at u. Who would do that4a cold.
Chuckie. I'm 62. My plan costs me 700 a month. That's 8400 a year. But we do have maternity included. Get the govern out of healthcare!!
Remember your buddy Pelosi's comments: "You have to pass it to know what's in it"! How do those words taste now?!
How original... a lib using insults to make a point. Not out of context, you've just bought into the redistribution myth.
I'm a Senior and I think you are wrong. We don't want big Government.  Let it go back to the states.
you've got to fight back and stand uP GOP make sure Seniors people Disabilities taken care GOP win World will REDICULE us
He hadn't read it yet. All prepared just so he could hate on GOP
Anybody who votes for this is complicit in the destruction of America as we know it. He already tore at the fabric of America. Now destroys.
Only thing he's destroying is liberal terrorist agenda
NYS continues hemorrhaging people 2 prosperous Red states. U & puppet Gillibrand will be Senators of a state w/ population less than Arizona
THE SKY IS FALLING SAID CHICKEN LITTLE SCHUMER!
Knowing people will die, and you are OK with it? Knowing grandparents will be thrown out of nursing homes, and you can sleep  at night?
It's all bs! That's what looney liberals do. He didn't have time to read it before commenting on it a minute after it was released!
I have no trouble reading it myself. It's even more cruel than the GOP plan. It basically will result in Americans dying. That is not OK.
You passed Obama Care without reading it and you want us to listen to you? Medicare is mandatory for seniors! I have to give up my ins. Crap
Ouch. What age do we have to be on Medicare?
65
will be given magnifying glasses under Trump care
Funny you day that Schumer when no one read Obama Care before voting it in
American Seniors have Medicare / Medicaid. We haven't forgotten you shoved the Un-Affordable Care Act down our throats without GOP review.
America need more people like you Schumer else Trump will sell U.S. to Putin.
What is your deductible?
Just like the thousands that got fined and lost doctors and couldn't afford the rapidly increasing premiums with Obamacare... right??
... and then that backfired & premiums skyrocketed & insurance companies began & still are opting out left & right ... and them fines 
Didn't those Seniors voted for POTUS Trump? While if that's the case let them taste their own medicine !
With obummercare it cost too much to use it, premiums and deductibles are way to high and can't find doctor who accepts it!
Keep fighting & bitching chuck. We in the G.O.P. will sweep next years elections and end up with super majorities in both houses.
Always the same playbook with Dems. Try to scare the people.
Chuck, I agree this is hard but Oboma got us into this and without MASIVE amounts of cash it just won't work for everybody. But U know that.
WHAT IS YOUR PLAN SCHUMER
You just don't want your precious Obama's legacy to go down the tube. Admit it, that's what this is about. You could careless about us.
please start talking about the thousands and thousands of jobs lost. 52,000 alone in PA.
What?!.....no "we need to pass it to know what's in it" form of dem governing?!?!
Read it as it is online
You didn't even read the "print" in #OBcare !

Perhaps you should read it Chuck before you walk into the floor and call it meaner.  You are such a hypocrite
The Amazing @SenSchumer has a prepared statement denouncing health plan less than 5 minutes after it was made available! Psychic?
Lovely, just as the Trump budget is reducing retirement benefits for Federal workers.
How do you know this. You have not read it. You will have to vote for it to see what's in it. Hahahahaha
Just like ACA did.
Republican abomination healtcare bill will kill @realDonaldTrump supporters due to their mesothelioma disease.
I no that makes u happy.So just wait out the Million, annnnnd Millions of Trump supporters to die then u can have ur progressive utopia back

Very few voters read the fineprint or read at all. They wait to be told, so tell the story louder and more often the republicans.
Another lie.  Beets the hell out of s plan that had to be approved before it could be read.  How much money are you making to create problem
Dems need to do more than bitch. Draft an infrastructure bill using  the tax breaks for the rich to create jobs. Lead!!!
Read it?  You have to pass it to know what's in it.
No "looks like" about it.
Anything would be an improvement over what we have.
#CryinChuck don't worry Chucky I'll get the big font printed on your copy
Frankly,u & @NancyPelosi need to show some decisive leadership & common sense and get behind @SenSanders.Otherwise ur just a corporate shill
I have an idea, let's allow medicaid to be scammed, then force young healthy people to burden the majority of the cost. Oh wait we have that
Could?
What do you mean the Medicare goes up each year with this health care
Medicade
Quit the #LYING  You are one sick person
Please help us. You guys have your own great healthcare. We your people depend on you to help us have comparablehealthcare too.
Got an idea add stuff on the new bill you like. Work with R for once. You might get somewhere.
If we die, they save $$ on social security and Medicare
All the old people will be dieing in the streets.
It is disgusting. #Resist
Based on responses to your tweet, nobody's buying your bullshit Chuckles. Only people blinded by Hillary's catastrophic loss.
I cant
@SenateDems @TheDemocrats You all need to #stfu. The sky isn't falling. Roll up your sleeves and get to work!
#stopthedrama
Obamacare penalize people and small businesses who were forced to buy into this plan then you have the audacity to talk
the government can't even run a post office and now decides to Run Healthcare what a stupid move.
One of the reasons I'm mad as hell. This bill affects my parents.
How come obama care didnt get the same scrutiny chuck? and how come you and gf pelosi dont have to use obama care? Riddle me that lib man!!
hilarious. Now do Obamacare.
What does that mean? "Could". Doesn't that also mean they "Could" be paying less. Be specific Chucky
Or just dying earlier, there is that.

@armyheromom what good does it do for us to read it? We don't get to vote on it? @GOP will push it through anyway
Many seniors who will be devastated by this @SenateGOP theft can no longer read the fine print in arcane bills. Who will explain it?
Yes - keep Stating this!
The problem is we have a 3rd party system, always will be inflationary in nature.  We need safety net for poor and cat. / pay go for rest.
Poor US citizens are screwed out with this bill... is like if they wanted poor people to die.
Yeah, mine is $1350/mth.  If they charge me more I'll drop.  Please explain how they (and the docs/hospital) stay in business at that point?
Oh you want us to read this one chucky? You weren't so eager when you fools passed obummacare! Why
Look who's talking U gave us Obama Care, U crashed our economy, Corruption became common, Spying on Us!!! @SenSchumer @TheDemocrats
Stop it. Change it. Fix it. DO SOMETHING.
We want your healthcare. Address that schumer!!!!
"It looks like" CHUCKY CHEESE?  The bill had just been revealed at the same time you were out there tooting how horrendous it is!!!  LIAR!!!
cry baby Chuck, you and Nancy stand firm, don't let them get rid of you!
Our Senators
Can be reached at
202-224-3121
 Call Them
Talk it over
Please keep premiums down for low income families and seniors
We won't because most of us do not have the money. We will have to find another solution.
That's a lot of bifocals you'll need to hand out. Are they covered?
Yeah but voted a better plan for yourself. Waa waa
U hypocrite u gave us Obamacare
Looks like? What kind of message is that? Will it or won't it? Such a politician, never commit. Only President Trump is committed
And be forced to move in with their kids when nursing homes kick them out. One will have to leave job to care for them. It's the econ stupid
That's right scare seniors,,,,so old no pun intended
Based on income not on age.
Obama care does not work ,  sorry ...you guys blew it ,  we are not socialists
Seniors can't get health care on Obamacare care deductibles are so high = no health care and bankruptcy what you said would not happen in 09
I don't have anymore to spend so i guess i will just have to die. It's what the conservative christian republicans want anyway.
EXACTLY WHERE IN THE BILL. PAGE AND SECTION NUMBER. BET YOU CAN'T TELL US CUZ MORE LIBERAL LIES.
I did and I'm ok with it. Anything is better than the ACA
We will, and we won't listen to the garbage you spew since we can't trust you.
Sorr of like you did in the ACA
What good is reading it going to do us, Chick? Read it and weep!
Why should I believe  you when obama  and democrats said I would Save $2000 a year for family coverage. You and Democrats lied to us.
Everyone not covered now who is under 65 but over 50 will pay a LOT more, if they can even get coverage with opt out in states.
Please make it large print and shout it out loudly for all to know, young and old.
SENATOR THE ONES IN OUR SOCIETY WHO STRUGGLE EVERYDAY THE MOST !SHOULD THEY HAVE A GREATER BURDEN???
If Obamacare was so great, why did Congressional Democrats exempt themselves from it?
They didn't & they weren't exempt. Misinformation in abundance on this thread
When you use words, could, might, may your words are hollow and a lie.
Did you read the fine print on obamacare. When it fined americans for not having healthcare.
Every senior in America? Everyone with normal reading comprehension should read that bill. It's a death sentence. Plain and simple.
The costs are associated with how much you make not age! Stop
Are you saying American seniors should be paying more? Lol chucky that is what you just said.
Where is the Democrat bill to fix Obamacare, to stop its death spiral, Chuck?
Wow people from Iowa must never get sick glad. Do t get old either. You might change your tune just another give away to rich.
Doesn't sound like you've read it to me.
TrumpCare = Rich get richer. Poor get sicker. #Trumpcare
No surprise here. They would rarher have rich tax cuts and i surance companies happy rather than do what's right.
Not fair..my father is a senior now,and he fought in Vietnam 2&1/2 terms...! Seniors and vets should get free coverage 100%
Like on obama care and getno coverage
Chuck you should step down from you position as minority whip, you are just to sad for the job. Try telling us what you read!!!
More importantly: Coverage will cease when they need it most.
lol... "It looks like" and "Could be paying" don't cut it. Read the damn thing and be clear on your reporting of it you old fool
Like you care about the seniors
Nah Chuck, let's just pass it so we can see what's in it, stop with the obstruction already
What is WAY more, looks like? Facts please.
SAY IT WITH ME, CHUCK: THIS BILL WILL KILL PEOPLE. stop pussyfooting!!!
I'd like to invite all retired seniors to move to France. Health care is affordable & excellent & we elected an awesome new President.
I am not a senior yet but I may take you  up on that
I am happy to help in any way I can. France actually takes very good care of its citizens and residents.
Could be! Why don't you read the whole thing & judge it realistically. What are the facts? I know I can't afford health insurance now.
don't complain about Trump you twit far more than him mr Hypo.
@veve4heart in the Trump WEALTHCARE bill seniors are considered "surplus population" #getAngry
I call it the #TrumpDeathCare bill, for obvious reasons.
Like the fine print in ObamaCare, not one of you assholes read?
Oh, Chuckie. Just stop. Your fear mongering is disgusting.
And seniors can't afford more!  No tax cuts for the wealthy. Please sit an amendment to stop this craziness
Current or future seniors?
So you're reading health care bills now? Improvement!
Cryin Chuck crying a river again and again...
Just pointed out the real #ThirdRail
And the rich will get richer.
Obummercare made us pay WAY MORE. Plus extremely high deductibles and hard to find a doctor who excepts it! Anything is better than ocare!
says you hey? good source right, wrong!
I don't think so crying chuckie
And If we can't?
IF they can afford glasses!
I'll a disabled senior living on SSDI; No way!!!
11). Agents stiffed on income again.  And small biz health plan filing is $5,000.
10). Cost sharing is gone on 12/31/2019.  This means everyone will pay high deductibles no matter what income.
Come on - stop obstructing help #MAGA
9). There is still a 5-1 ratio on premiums.  If u Trump supporters thought you'd pay cheaper.  You r wrong.
8) States get BONUS money for reporting lower Medicaid payouts.  I expect a lot of declines via filings.
7). With Medicaid targeted, Medicare beneficiaries are going to lose benefits.
6). Most bill of 142 pages,  targets medicaid.  Money slowly evaporating towards Medicaid.
@SenSchumer has separate insurance and a pension he doesn't give 2 shits for anyone
5). Employers offering great prescription drug plans, get rebates for doing so.  They r gone.  I'm sure employers will stop offering.
Yeah - hit those seniors Schumer. Class warfare might work again... And shldn't seniors pay more if they use more?
4) Individual mandate gone.  There goes the risk pool.  Now only sick will sign up and premiums will go out the roof
3). Excludes abortions.  Need I say more?
2) striking out silver plan with 70% coverage, down to 58%.  Consumer will pay more on their plans, and they got rid of the best one.
I am senior and I am hurt because of Obamascare!  I want change and not a minute too soon.  Quit lying cant U see that's why U lose votes?
1) legal aliens will have the same requirements as medicaid.  No subsidy until here for 5 years.  Kids will not be insured due to this.
That's just FABULOUS!!!! My husband and I just retired a year ago.  We're screwed!!!!!!!!!!!!
Where is CBO score on this bill? Of course they are cutting Medicare benefits.  People don't matter only donors. #corrupt @maddow
Seniors are on Medicare, under 65 is not a senior, I resent your statement!
Your a senior. How much will you pay?
Sr.'s are Medicare primary. Other ins is secondary.. stop this BS!
Sounds like you should actually read it Chucky
As a 71 year old widow this is my biggest fear. I am still working, how can I survive when I can't? #ADAPTandRESIST #TrumpRussia #StopGOP
There are people fighting for you !
Where have all the Americans voices gone with regard to this change in healthcare,we are as you say...being thrown to the "Wolves". L
You have not even read the bill. How do you know?
Look at the FEAR MONGER what a surprise!! When Obamacare screwed over millions where were you?
Chuck~ Let them reap the consequences of what they sow....  Propose legislation that discontinues Congress' insurance... 
Why haven't the Democrats been drafting a new healthcare plan,or a fix for Obamacare? You should have something to show as well @NancyPelosi
When I hear could..might..it means you have no facts to sub stain your bases as obviously you haven't read the bill
@AARP where are you??? This will cut nursing home care assistance to 2/3s of senior residents. Last years will be in squalor. Outrage!
Aleady paying more b/c of Obamacare. Premiums up 40%, deductibles up from $5k for family to $5k for each member, I  pay more for everything
And, I am a retired Fed employee. My retirement is down, and health care is up. Thanks so much for all the help Dems!
According to Kaiser health research, avg premiums TRIPLED in the decade before ACA. That's what you should be comparing to.
Mine did not
Where's your plan?
We already are thanks to ACÁ courtesy of the democraps and their "you'll have to pass it to read it " approach.
2007 healthcare bi-weekly cost 69.99 for 2- same plan today and less coverage is 409.00 for 2. Thank you Obama, Schumer and co!!
ACA had 170 GOP requested additions to it. Guess many of their requests were crap. ACA was bipartisian crafted. Trumpcare screws us to death
Really? All of a sudden ur concerned for seniors? B.S. U have done nothing 4 ur Delphi seniors, in fact u support their pension theft!
