It also means that places where they can’t build a toll, like in our crumbling schools, average Americans will likely get left behind.
WHY are schools crumbling, Chuck? You had EIGHT YEARS to fix it. But $ funded things like meddling in Israel's election, Libyan war for gold
Much like NYS IS THE HIGHEST TAXED WELFARE STATE IN THE NATION. TOLLS ON EVERY HIGHWAY. YOU KNOW ABOUT THIS HUH CHUCK.
Trump trolls...  No respect.
Make America great again
Lies....all lies.....the Devil has your butt!
it gets worse and worse. Make it stop.
We the people can't afford OUR daily medications for a chronic disease management, but no concern!! Put in some tolls, charge us more 4
everything even insurance. Never a mention about us that pay a COBRA insurance +fees. They demand pay on the 1st-$full amnt$ but require 15
days to process and they make me wait those days, until they tell my insu.carrier that i paid..while i get a small payment 2 a month ..TOLLS
like the NEA PENSION PLANS.  teacher united for Trump
My Dear Senator if only it made that much sense.  You cannot analyze chaos.
Yes indeed Senator Yet another way to soak the citizens of this country to pay off in favor from powerful donators Like Koch industries!
The real question is:  Who, in @POTUS cabinet, etc. Stands to benefit from this. Then we see the motivation.
If only U had 1 pc of evidence 2 prove this & all other lies & allegations #democrats fabricate 2 unjustly disparage @POTUS. #LiberalLiars
Liberals are FACT BASED! For profit Conservatives (I use that term loosely cause nothing "conservative" about Rethuglicans) LIE LIE LIE!
How do U explain @POTUS w/drawal from Paris Agmt, which pissed off big $$ CEO's & wealthy corps? He's draining the #swamp!  Libs R #clueless
He has filled his cabinet with BIG MONEY SUPER WEALTHY & FOREIGN oligarchs. Do some research about each of them & stop regurgitating LIES
Too funny, as I'm a researcher!  I rely on non-partisan supported facts & evidence-U rely on partisan lies! He's draining #Obama's #swamp.
Evidently you don't rely on facts. Obama didn't have a swamp!  This #TrumpTrash cabinet can only reside in a swamp! We object to DICTATORS!
Keep up the good work, Sheila !!!!!!!
There you go 'projecting' again, Chuck. Anyone with 1/2 a brain knows about "shovel-ready jobs"...$ that went to Democrat cronies.
What a hypocrite, the Senator is from NY State which soaks drivers on NYS Thruway with ridiculous tolls & then doesn't make repairs. Loser!
You add to the division of America!  You'll ride this for weeks!  If you love your country, you will get INFORMED!
US land of the Free&Freeways.Privatization requires public(no profit) functions 2 yield profit.$$ from taxes,fees,fines go 2 investors.Wrong
You are a complete nut job....get another ocupation.....maybe for Russia!
Yeah because the government does such a great job with everything it's in charge of.  SMH
Excellent. Everything will be maintained beautifully vs having your incompetent political cronies do it.
LIKE IN NEW YORK STATE YOU SNAKE OIL SALESMAN SCHUMER
Gotta pay the #TrumpToll to get into that boy's hole. @alwayssunny
How do you sleep at night? FACTS. Everything you say is Not A FACT
What is the Den plan to stop or change this?
It is the private company's that pay taxes and employ people and pay one half of their social security taces

MORE efficiency,better quality, plenty of union jopbs,no waste,no budget overuns,Capitalism profit driven innovation NOT waste gov control
WHY CAN'T YOU SUPPORT ANYTHING - YOU ARE SO UN-AMERICAN!
Trump must be stopped.  He will be impeached, but in meantime, he is trying to sell off America to his friends
If deal for infrastructure w/Saudis is letters of intent that need to be vetted by the Senate, isn't that something you can take care of?
And just what have you and your Democratic cronies been doing all these years? NOTHING! Letting everything crumble so as to benefit you.
all i see and hear from you is bitching and moaning what the fuk is your plan to fix these problems you all created???
We need less government.  Privatization means less taxes, more efficiency. Govt agencies waste $$$. #lessgovt #stopwastingtaxdollars
@SenSchumer @POTUS better than giving our tax dollars to failed government run entities like NYDOT #tollsforpeoplenotagencies #smallergovt
# by by Chucky
So in place of government tolls where they steal our money and get nothing in return. Better believe if it's a good idea dems won't like it
please resign now
We have had that going on in ATL area for over 12 years!Tolls that are 50 cents.  In Northern US the tolls are higher.Where you been, Chukie
The Big Sellout.
Fight this. Makes no sense and will  introduce greed and profit interest into an area that should be driven by public need and welfare.
Tolls for Trump's cronies
Negative CHUCKIE. I bet you're the same on holidays
Blah blah blah
A government project that doesn't include huge profits? What's wrong your friends won't get the contract. Either way taxpayers pay.
Hey Chuckles, what was QE1, QE2, QE3, & QE4. Nothing nut political pay-offs. Remember "Shovel Ready"?
So he be given the money back to the people when they do a job to make America Great Again. Sound logical for most of American not a 
Sounds about right to me.
Such a populist comment @SenSchumer privately owned infrastructure is what you see in Europe, Canada and Australia - and it works #BABs
For a second I read Trump Trolls...could just as easily be the same thing.
More for the fortunate.  Lets just say America for the Healthy and Wealthy.
Dream on
Middle class will lose all tax cuts and get hit again as we have to pay more for travel while the rich get richer.  ENOUGH Already #impeach
Hard to believe what you say.
Stop them!We have had enough.DJT is endangering all of us. He is not stable! Dementia or just demented sociopathy. Either way this is insane
We close roads in Australia to give drivers an "incentive" to utilise the private toll roads.  You have that in your future too.
Everything that is good for Americans you are against so if you're against what are you for communism. Why are you even being paid bye USA?
Been to NY?
Nothing is FREE (In case you haven't figured it out)
I can feel your pain from Hillary's catastrophic loss in your tweets. You will die from old age before Democrats rule again. 7.5 yrs to go.
Chuckie, by obstructing everything only proves you would rather see POTUS fail than the country succeed. Your party looks so desperate.
Better than being neglected, have run down airports and neglected schools too.  What is with u always complaining?As if yr ideas r the best
WHAT. more smoke and mirrors Chuck U
@JEFFSESSIONS @4US_WORKERS WHATS YOUR PLAN CHUCK - HAVE NO TOLLS AND CONTINUE TO WATCH OUR INFRASTRUCTURE ROT LIKE YOU'VE BEEN DOING?
Ur the f ing troll if ur party evil hypocrite Dems
Squid pro Quo always wins!
Toll concessions are generally a bad deal for the public, because the concessionaire reaps the reward and the public bears the risk.
If infrastructure projects can be made revenue positive, the profits should go to subsidizing other public infrastructure projects, not /1
hedge funds. Just like how MTA bridge tolls subsidize the NYC subway, where only about half the operating costs are covered by the fare /2
When we invest in America's roads and railways, we create opportunities for citizens to commute to new places of employment, and for /3
businesses to get their goods and services to the market. Infrastructure disrepair & time lost to congestion costs Americans > $100B/yr /4
Then what is your plan or policy, stop the rhetoric bring proof of the pudding
Question is SA loaning so much money for infrastructure??
Regressive taxes for all but only YUGE DELICIOUS pieces of chocolate cake for some!! #worstPOTUSever #voteDEMtosavemiddleclass! #thankschuck
Saudi Arabia???
To funny!  He's running for Senate in 2018, politics as usual! Lol
Please make him go away!!!
Stop crying fake tears instead of crying why don't you explain why was the eight year failure of Obama spying on Americans. Hypocrite
You abuse my tax dollars daily Chuck. At least a tollway is a voluntary tax.  Wait, I just figured out why you don't like toll roads.
There is none in SC and we need none....
Air traffic control privatization: A risky corporate giveaway that will harm consumers -
Trump voters were very uninformed on Donald Trump. So sad for the rest of us.
And you backed obamas stimulus 100%. How much did you get
Yea how about obamas trillion dollar stimulus that did nothing except give money to the unions and democrats. It accomplished nothing
LIAR,LIAR, Pants on FIRE!
If there was a tax levied every time you said something dumb, the USA would be out of debt by end of the year!
 
Wrong! We'll fight this!  Toll roads only cause traffic jams cost too much and will cost us forever escalating fees! NO!
i support President Trump
Just say that you have no concern for the people or to fix the healthcare, Infrastructure or taxes. We already know you're all about you.
If only Schumer had some credibility than he would have been believable. all those years in politics, he achieved nothing.
Are you crazy it mean good paying working class jobs
Also FOREIGN COMPANIES can invest in it. @GOP Y not TAX THE BILLIONAIRES & get this DONE ALREADY! They r the WORST THING 4 ppl.
Yea well if he succeeds w/This idea not one blue State better get stuck paying 4 this sh!+ NY has enough freaking tolls & we didn't want him
Evry movement of his pen is another $ making stroke for himself & those who have enuf to live 10 lifes w all the spoils. The ppl get Low Pay
Considering we have no money and are in debt what do you expect? Cut healthcare subsidies, welfare, childcare, arts, special pork projects.
Guess Ur a "Clinton Troll!"
So who's money are you wasting on a daily basis chuckles? #TermLimits #maga
What? Nonsensical. We pay for it one way or another. You want gov to suck dry to the bone by paying for things we don't need/use. See ocare
Do not sell out America. The people who can least afford it will be hurt.
Unconscionable that this & other failed plans are all these GOPs hv after years of obstruction. got nothin. pathetic.
I make crap out as u go.  Let's see the plan
Ur a big old Putz who vomits up anything U can 2 go after POTUS & his voters (US!)! U think U know better than the PEOPLE! We'll vote U out!
Chuck tell all of us how you would come up with the monies to address our infrastructure need.
So very wrong. We are on a "road" to nowhere. Serious problems!
We need to remove you from your position. You, maxine, mccain, etc...
Why can't America have airports like Asia,China & Europe,Obama was 2 busy giving $$ to Iran.Our Pres. Cares about us,get with the program
you and your obstructive views need to go.
Our main concern about #infrastructure should be that projects go to LOCAL firms. NYC contractors shouldn't profit from Iowa bridges.
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @SenatorBurr @SenJohnMcCain Are you waiting to see if it is really coming down b/f breaking w/Trump...it's coming
We've got that now in California. Roads were supposed to be free, but taxes on gas went to pay for pensions & not for road & now have tolls.
Please stop - you supported Obamas Shovel Ready jobs that were in fact a slush fund to pay back Dem Supporters - we support @POTUS
Whatever happened to Obama's infrastructure money? Remember shovel ready projects? Hmmm....,
The amount asshat wants for his ignorant wall is more by half of POTUS Obama's request! I will not pay any taxes to support the wall!
If I put all tax money into an escrow acct until STUPID is GONE, I'll have a nice little amount to thumb my nose at him with!When he's gone!
I recall 8 years ago President Obama sent the infrastructure plan to congress and received half of the requested amount. Reps obstructed all
if you gave a dame so much WHY MTA PRICES SO HI WITH VERY BAD SERVICE. ALL YOU ARE IS A LOSER THAT SPEAKS AIR
I hate it when all people do is rip one thing after another as if they know better. Just cause it's not your agenda doesn't make it wrong.
DOES HE KNOW WHAT HE TALKING ABOUT
You mean only those who use the tollways and bridges will pay? Not all US taxpayers have to pay for New York bridges! That's good!
And any savings will be spent on ensuring Wall Street greed does not leave us with bridges which are more unsafe than before the project
Including Illegal aliens? Good deal!
Yes, and Elaine Chow will make sure her banking friends see huge profits.
I sure hope that Congress steps up and doesnt let him sell us off piece by piece.

You are a pathetic sad example of what is wrong with Washington.
Beats the hell out of non - users having to pay.
Another perk for the rich that don't commute to and from work everyday like the average working american.  @realDonaldTrump
Life's unfair because democrats are not feeding at the trough like the good old do nothing days ,eh Chuckie !
All of America will be toll roads! What good are they if you can't afford to use them?!!
Went to visit family in Florida and could not find toll free rout from airport to Mom's house. Had to $$ transponder on car rental.
Then you are blind
Do something...he's a lunatic!
Why would we expect you to say anything but stupid stuff. We are sick of you @SenSchumer  and the other dems.
Schummer you don't know what you are talking about!
A REAL PRESIDENT like Eisenhower ( not a 'liberal') knew that infrastructure IS and INVESTMENT! If only we had a leader in the @WhiteHouse
Are u unset because it won't go to GOV for you to pocket it. Someone needs to pay for road but politicians stole our money
It takes 10 years for a highway construction permit. Do something about that before you start complaining. How different from tolls in NYS
Please stop this privatization. It never works!
Counting on the Dem's to halt this craziness.  Seems you are our only hope. America is not for sale!
WE PAY TWICE! and then, if like Tx toll company from Spain, who declared Chapter 11 in 2016, WE PAY 3 TIMES1
Satisfactory
#TRICKLEUPECONOMICS
privatize air traffic, no tax payer. Oligarch/CEO gets 50 mil pay
Who pays? us.
Same con as "the everyone gets healthcare" pitch at raliies
They put up the money and want to be paid back? Will come from avg citizens thru tolls or taxes, no?
Like the Grand Island bridge tolls. Bridges paid off, but great slush fund for Albany
Drove thru Italy and gas cost 97e but TOLLS cost 92e. This is Trump's vision of roads for the wealthy..
Kind of like the NYS Thruway?
Sit down and be quiet Chuck you having done anything but obstruct and being a sore thorn in everyone's side ! Retire !
It's happening in NC already. Co.pany from Spain builds and owns toll lanes on I77
Did your tax dollars pay for it? Do you need it?
Dear Chuck: no vig for you.
Dear Chuck:  no money for YOU to redistribute in return for favors, donations and votes.
Dear Chuck: the only way to keep you from raiding the coffers for your cronies is to go straight to industry.
Really 16.00 to go Boro to Boro in my and your worries about other states.
And how do you know that you piece of slim.
Dear Chuck:  not your former leader @BarackObama stimulus boondoggle of wealth distribution to #democrat donors and cronies.  Remember?
Democrats wanting tolls forever,now not so much. Chucky you a piece of .....work....retire your family misses you..go home
Wow this from the man who has a toll road that truckers bypass by going thru other states cause it so expensive. Pretty blue signs too!
Lets hear about the $9+Trillion to our national DEBT. that you & your fearless leader ARE RESPONSIBLE 4
DEMOCRATS MUST STOP THEM from PRIVATIZING & CONTROLLING our infrastructure. NO FOREIGN $$$: NO PRIVATE $$$: NO TOLLS! CITIZEN OWNED ONLY!
Check your tolls now paid to government. #wasteoftolls money goes to fund big government not fix infrastructure #tollsforthepeople
So you only represent some of the people some of the time - u should resign



Keep on messing with him Chuck, you won't get anything done
Your real concern chuckles is the potential loss of union jobs - in other words you voting base
Hate. Hate. Hate.... please retire.
This sounds like the plan Obama and Progressives had in mind after after the Train Obamacare but they couldn't finish because they lost.
