...We cannot keep FEMA, the Military & the First Responders, who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever!
And not a peep from him about California.
Excuse me oh I guess you just watch fake news
Bless your little heart. I don't watch any news. I read, like a civilized, informed person.
I can't believe he tweeted that. Seriously, what's wrong with him? #impeachnow
1 proves we sent help to start with. Despite liberal lies that we didn't. 2 motive Congress to cough up some $.  Playing liberals.
No one said help wasn't sent..
All the fake news said that.
Sorry people that use the term "fake news" are lost.
The people that don't are sheep.
No.  We can’t waste the money.  Let’s give it to the cabinet for travel expenses.

No MONEY FOR PUERTO RICO.  GOP Giving $5 TRILLION for TAX CUTS to BILLIONAIRES..and we pay for it.   http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/10/republicans-angry-economists-find-their-tax-cuts-go-to-rich.html?utm_source=tw&utm_medium=s3&utm_campaign=sharebutton-t … … … … via @inte
Don't forget the golf outings,secret service,extravagent flights, etc!He does not care about people! Mostly those who don't vote for him!!!
Congress is on a Columbus Day Vacation, only It is a week long vacation. All Show, No Go. POTUS is at work, tirelessly, for all Americans.
DJT is tirelessly scheming to dismantle what little Americans possess and can access. DJT is a disgrace, s/b impeached-removed from office.
He is exactly what America has needed to save our country.
From what? Who? And, why? When something is positive, possibilities open for Americans.
trump is the devil.
Chucky, PR isn't a state, but a territory.  There r Americans there sure, but last I checked people from there call themselves Puerto Rican!
This man is horrible.  FEMA needs to stay.  Trump needs to GO!
U r cluless as to the state of FEMA.  It's time they start helping themselves. Can't expect the gov't 2 do everything 4 u like San Juan is.
Over and under on when #Notmypresident changes his mind again on PR presence...next time the wind blows!
FOREVER=3 weeks?  He's not TOO delusional!
Send in the clowns. I mean you and Hillary
no we do not the hell with them
. Should fema stay for 10 years?  I expect a reply
Initially, 16 died from the storm. Now, it's still 16. What do u mean ppl are still dying? Lol from the storm? No. They aren't.
Whether DEM/Repub Adm FEMA not staying forever. Chuck politicizes PR. If Obama had not added $9.3 trillion debt US could better afford it.
FEMA's broke Chuckles!  Where u going 2 get the $, rob S.S. again? Aid is there in trucks, P.R. trkdrvrs ref. 2 work. That's y ppl r hungry!
Who's talking about forever? (No hereafter for you anyway.) But how about for as long as it takes?
The people in Puerto Rico are Americans.  America first remember?
But the President said they were having so much fun...
Trump never suggested FEMA would leave prematurely.  The initial death toll immediately following the hurricane has not spiked. Such drama.
Well, it helps when there isn't corruption in PR making people suffer.
Attn MSM. Please retain in permanent memory banks. DJT is #LipServerInChief.
Trump Oct 6: "We will not rest until the job is done."
Trump Oct 12: I'm tired of Puerto Rico; time to leave
It's time they help themselves. FEMA's still there, PR & SJ will not force truck drivers 2 work. Food sitting in trailors going to waste.
Could u ask FEMA to make it possible for people in need to use our mostly empty hospital ship?  Am missing Brownie at this point. 
@WilsobEd @realDonaldTrump Trump, foaming at the mouth at the idea we are aiding Puerto Rico at all, can't stay sedated forever.
Chuckie roll up yo sleeves and go help.  Sure not doing anything in Congress.
@realDonaldTrump is creating American Refugees. @GOP @SpeakerRyan
Chuck I used to be a Democrat I left your party because I see it turning into a progressive socialist narrative that is complete fubar 4 USA
Go down there and tell us the truth of the situation! So much conflicting reports, and now this? Please give us a trusted survey,Senator:/
If we can stay in Afghanistan for 15+yrs we can stay in PR. I'm sick of potus & his privileged life. Sick of him wasting money golfing too!
Another incompetent Dem controlled govt.
How about sending Fema back to PA, if it ever had a presence, to help Port Aransas, Tx and surrounding areas.
sckumer should go to PR
When are you all going to get some balls and get rid of Trump?? You are supposed to be for the people!
It's so unbelievably sad to have a President lacking in compassion, empathy, intelligence & common sense!!!
What part of a disaster is not understood by our Federal Emergency Management Agency?
People were fed hot meals in army kitchens and living in tents with medical teams on site why can't they do that in Puerto Rico
FEMA and the Military stayed in South Florida after Andrew for months people were living in tent cities, wreckage and stores were looted.
Which is what Pence  told them publicly. Dems need to stop criticizing so much and speak out on doing the right thing w/ this & health ins.
Next time Puerto Rico votes on whether to become a state or not, maybe they should vote yes so they can vote and have representation here.
FEMA stays until recovery is complete still working on recovery from Andrew, Katrina, Wilma, Rita, and various tornadoes and the earthquake
Only true when it's Texas and Florida according to Trump Tweets. Trump is a Terrorist to his own people.
FEMA can only do so much when the political climate there is what's really the problem!!
Good job coaching Kimmel. We hear you are his mentor.
Jimmy was to busy having a women feel his crotch to Comment on Weinstein.

KIMMEL: "You should put your mouth on it"
Isn't this Bree hung constitution? @sarahkendzior @BuzzFeedOzPol
Does the POTUS understand that Puerto Rico is an American Territory? THEY ARE AMERICANS!
Liberals destroyed Puerto Rico's economy with the federal minimum wage and now all of a sudden they grandstand and pretend to care
He doesn’t know they’re Americans.
#25thAmendment  NOW!
Please don't let him do that to them 
Hey Chuck you really can't be that stupid well maybe you can are fema and the relief workers going to stay it Texas and Florida forever
#25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment
25th amendment
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled don't care American families and democratic care about them self only
As far as #Notmypresident knows, the job is more than done. Trump only cares about his 30% of morons.  PR is inconsequential.  Pathetic DT!
thats true !!!  just till the place is rebuilt !!
SIT DOWN CHUCK!
FEMA stayed in New Orleans for TEN YEARS!
Irony?   https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/265924424623075328 … after 6 days @realDonaldTrump   http://www.limbaughlooper2016.com/i-told-you-so----my-trump-blog.html …
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina. There is no excuse why people don't have electricity or fuel yet.
Yes, yes, and please yes!
Does anybody know about the fires in northern California or do you just not care?
They do need help but PR is so corrupt that they are stealing from FEMA trailers and selling. The PR govt should be very proud what they did
If this isn’t the pure demonstration of racism what is?
45... Bigot
Because they can’t vote, they speak a language he doesn’t understand and their skin isn’t lily white, I mean orange. #25thAmmendment
It's as if he wants people to die. He blatantly ignores the most basic needs & gives himself an A+.  Morgues are OVERFILLED. It's Genocide.
Can stay there at least as long as they are in Texas and Floriday?!
AMERICANS ARE DYING IN CALIFORNIA WILD FIRES WHAT ARE YOU SAYING AND DOING ABOUT THAT CRYING CHUCKY?
OH SHUT UP SCHUMER YOU KNOW DAM WELL THAT FEMA, MILITARY & 1ST RESPONDERS WILL NOT CAN NOT STAY FOREVER IN P.R.  PR HAD POOR  INFRASTRUCTURE
TX, FL vote for Trump-unlimited recovery $
PR can't vote in general election-not enough recovery $

See a pattern emerging here?

So sad!
Get your facts right Sir, he didn't give timeline but said that they cant stay forever, there is a difference betw what he said & how you interpreted...
If they are able to, Puerto Ricans will be leaving their island in droves and moving to "mainland" US.. where they will vote Democratic!!
When is local government going to step up or are they too busy giving interviews or kissing unions ass
trump's a psychotic sick person. And how can he re write the law as per the healthcare.  HOW CAN HE DO THAT!ONLY congress can  re write law.
#AirDropsinPuertoRico 

plzz RT Tweet
This is a business mans response not presidential response. He wants to cut costs and get better ROI (ratings) on his assets. Happy people?
Why on earth is the U.S.S. Comfort being SO underused? Some 800 medic responders, ability to make clean water, & only 7 patients been seen?

Uh...only thing FEMA has done is post a phone number & website 2 sign up 4 help, 2 people who have NO phone service OR internet! WORTHLESS!
Trump could care less
@SenateGOP @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr get this psycho out of our house Signed a Republican #25thAmendment
@realDonaldTrump doesn't care about Puerto Rico. Those are brown people and they can't vote for him. He has no use for them.
25th Amendment yesterday! Let’s take action to get him out before any more damage is done! Tweeting concerns not enough!
@realDonaldTrump has a very short attention span & gets bored easily. If it's not easy, quick & showboaty he's outta there. PR not sexy enuf
I agree, so when is Congress going to get rid of him
We cannot keep Lying Donnie Trump in the White House. House GOP needs to quit denying and get this maniac out!
Somebody tell the Trumpanzee that 3 weeks isn't forever. How about Houston and Florida, we still have help there.
FEMA is still in LA. Army Corps are in OBX constantly. This is nonsense. We can and have to help rebuild critical infrastructure.
Senator - the one question no one seems to ask, and I am hoping you will is: How can we manage to send fresh supplies to the International Space Station in June but cannot manage to get water and food to Puerto Rico in October?
Can you just imagine Senator what would happen if @realDonaldTrump told Washingtonians this 3 weeks aftr a hurricane hit aftr slow response?
Do something, force legislation that stops whatever stupid nefarious thing he has in his mind regarding Puerto Rico.
Trump needs to resign or be impeached. Enough already!
This is insane
You go Chuck, you show em.
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @CNN Delusional Donald doesn't do anything 4 anyone unless there's something in it for him especially someone of color
Hurricane Maria killed 16 People on the Island of Puerto Rico ... The blood of the rest are on @realDonaldTrump's hands! #Amendment25
Donald believes they are not americans, that’s why.
#25thAmendment
Maybe Puerto Ricans should tell Trump they will not pay taxes anymore
@CarmenYulinCruz Let us ALL keep up the clamor for continued help in Puerto Rico!
This President is a disgrace
What are you doing about suspending the Jones Act?  Make funds/donations go further
Yes you can keep FEMA in Puerto Rico and you damn well better!!!
erm, don't the first responders live there?
Mr Schumer. FEMA is still there. You sound as if they left. Quit lying. By the way, did you give Harvey’s money back yet?  Or do you support
Tell the US citizens what FEMA is supposed to do. I don’t think they understand. Army Corps should be helping fix dam and sinking roads inPR
I seem to remember lots of news stories about Puerto Rico being in ruins before hurricane?  Corruption?
Forever is not the same as until stable. 
they are staying ,but once the conditions get to where the locals can go to work to rebuild, they should, you're such an ass////
I saw this comment on another tweet: "If the military can stay overseas for a 17-year war they can stay in Puerto Rico as long as it takes."
FEMA was assisting Katrina victims up through 2015.
I wouldn't trust trump to clean my toilets - how is he President?
How long until the mission accomplished banner is unfurled outside a clubhouse & everyone forgets what happened to my island?
And do a BETTER job!
He doesn't care. They have no electoral votes
Has he ever kept a promise
Then why aren't you there helping out Chuck? Democrats sit back and point out problems bit they're never part of the solution.
It's because they are brown people. Orange face grand wizard openly hates black and brown people
Hey swampking why are you guys always on vacation oh that's let's not do any actual work.
AT @POTUS is trying to do Something 4 US Unlike @SenSchumer @TheDemocrats @NancyPelosi @SenateDems @SenateMajLdr #Purge2018 will MAGA!!
Where are the Puerto Rican's?  Did they all flee to NY?
Thank you 4 the Truth!
Has POTUS ever had a day of discomfort from the need of food, water or shelter?

Unless residents of Puerto Rico wear white polo shirts, tan pants & carry tiki tourches Trump will do nothing.
Never heard FEMA having a deadline for FL or Texas.  The lack of compassion from POTUS towards PR so inhumane.  Cruel...
Yeah but PR needs to get off their ass too! #OneWayStreet
Please tell us what U are doing to get water & food to citizens in #PuertoRico ? This is no longer just on Trump & #GOP. #complicit #Help
Are you kidding, @realDonaldTrump???
@realDonaldTrump ‘s hateful racism knows no bounds!
Like I said bf he is a racist let's see if he says the same thing for those people in CA losing their homes & lives My uncle lives in Napa
Do something @SenSchumer.
What we need now are the second responders...the rebuilders!!!!
Please don't let him abandon our Island! 
He said forever, Chuck. Do you want to keep them there forever?
FEMA and the military can't stay forever. Government of Puerto Rico and its people need to step up and take responsibility to rebuild.
Houston: “We’ll stay as long as it takes.” PR: “3 days and we’re done.” Hmmm wonder what’s different about those 2 AMERICAN places?
So they coming back to Texas?
Add that to the list of things nobody should ever have to explain to the freaking PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Give it to him in coloring book format, with crayons. Why don't you guys stop him!
You know why he is treating PR different that is what they do, they treat people that don't look like them in discriminatory manner #tkaknee
Yes. Perhaps the words Emergency and Management define the standard for staying or going. Obvious even to a moron. #45isDelusional
How about you address the real causes. Inept PR gov leadership and teamsters not doing their jobs. That would take honesty tho
Yes but once again u puke up hatred & bigotry POTUS statement was to encourage PR to take lead & control America will be there to assist
Yes, this is true. Disgusting 45 doesn't seem to get it or care. Keep FEMA there until the job is done, they need to experience it too.
Please READ what he said..
FEMA
MILITARY
FIRST RESPONDERS!!
 
Absolutely true!

HE DIDN'T SAY THE US GOVERNMENTAL!!!!

Please STOP the hate!
Too late. Already disgraceful
It Trump feels the three weeks is forever, imagine how we feel after 9 months.
That news cycle is over so we have to move on, it's not about helping people.
Did anyone see this hanging in San Juan?
#45 IS KNOWINGLY ACTIVELY GOING TO KILL AMERICANS.  HIS BUDDIES BLOW MILLIONS ON GOLF AND LEISURE.  THESE ARE AMERICANS!! THIS IS INSANE

I agree Sen but there’s something wrong in PR that requires investigation, the PR Govt doesn’t appear to be able to do its job, y not?
Someone in Houston's Harvey told me it was 2 months before people could leave emergency shelters. It will take at least 2 months for PR.
Harvey hit Houston end of Aug. How come you were told it was 2 months until Harvey evacuees could leave shelters? today is just Oct. 12

If fema had done their job  in the first place, they would not have such a mess now.1st 2 weeks were a story on how NOT to manage a disaster
I can't even believe this tweet had to be made.
Trump could have used his billions and the billions of all the billionaires 2 buy a giant fan 2 push the hurricane away from Puerto Rico 
Because let’s face it,everything’s his fucking fault 2 you deranged liberals
Thanks for saying this. But you and every other Cong. Democrat needs to KEEP saying it every day. If not, it falls off the public's radar.
Get off Twitter and get some constructive work done. And you have the gull to bitch about #POTUS and Twitter..
Please get Trump out of the WH!  He’s a danger.
Actually Chuck you are wrong.  FEMA will be there but they need a rebuilding program that Congress need to lead.  Any ideas?
They should stay and complete the job
They need to be there till the job is actually completed.
Where does the gover'nt needed.
thank u captain obvious
to the president, he is captain incomprehensible nuanced view of catastrophe. shit ain't ever obvious for 45
What is also obvious is that the dotard did not send tweets like that to Texas and Florida. Now what is different about PR? Uhm, I wonder?
@realDonaldTrump Congress needs to step in and put a stop to this madman.
Please don't deal with trump he will just stab you n the back. You must resist and keep America safe from Donald.
Which is *the whole point* of FEMA in the first place. Trump really in his gut thinks PR isn't part of the USA.
Exactly! And Trump needs to get out of the way! He ruins everything !
FEMA stayed in NOLA for years after Katrina. To leave PR anytime soon is outrageous -- but only ONE of Dotard's outrageous statements today.



Guess you already know they make promises they don’t keep
PR needs to stand up and get to work.
Trump needs to cut his taxes and those of his Robber Baron buddies. The people of PR and VI are the price we have to pay. DO SOMETHING!
@potus YOU are killing people in Puerto Rico. YOU are killing them with your incompetence. How do you sleep at night? YOU are killing them.
Reports that a number of communities have STILL not seen anyone from FEMA or govt
he needs to be impeached, what are you all waiting for?
In case you’re unaware, there is more devastation than just Puerto Rico.  It would be great to stay, but not feasible
