Still with the Russia hysteria? So many sheep.
These sheep are special. They're totally useless.
When will Trump sign this bill? Doesn't he have to sign before Congress leaves for recess? #RussiaSanctions
Keep up the good work Chuck.  And focus on  a strong Democratic vision.  #betterdeal.
Keep fighting
I bet trump will veto it! His loyalty to Putin trumps US!!!
Think the house can over ride potus veto if majority of house vote, so far think all but 3 said yes to sanctions
Congress cowers to trump... All @GOP offer up soft words of criticisms on occasion but fail to take affirmative action to protect US!
If only Trump could show the steely resolve that Hilary and the Obama administration did with the Russians...

Lola, I block trump trolls and Putin bots... My tweets will not be used for propaganda.
INDEED WE DO!!!!!!
It would be nice if certain senators would "get the message"....
The Senate needs to work together and not leave the room until it's past
MAYBE sanctions should be put on Dems. who consort with Russia or any foreign Gov't !
Seems that the democrats were the problem. Not the Russians.
Why? Where will you get your marching orders?
What a POS

Please don't forget Maxine and Warren, Pelosi  also
We Need To Send All The DemTards Out Of Office Instead 
They Are Behind The Corruption, Obstruction
Why? I have yet to hear why. We are going to lose this country.
TRUMP BETTER SIGN THIS BILL !  IF NOT HE IS A PROVEN TRAITOR
AMEN, AMEN, AMEN. SEND THAT KILLER WITH THE SMALL MAN COMPLEX A MESSAGE HE CAN UNDERSTAND.  HALF THEIR EQUIPMENT DOESN'T WORK.
Chuckle where's any proof 
Other than wasserman Shultz?  Going DOWN
Having the Russia sanctions bill on Trumps desk this evening will be icing on the cake of his very bad, terrible week.  Sweet karma!
#MAGA
And give Iran the green light to develop a nuclear weapon? Why didn't you separate the three bills? The package deal is horrible! Stop
Donald's finances?
@realDonaldTrump VETO this bill just to send strong and clear message to Senate about they don't get what they want either b/c let ppl down
If your support it Chucky, I'm opposed! Just following your lead, dude...
Satisfactory
Is his pen ready to sign this one, or is he out of ink suddenly.
Senator, your .message hasn't changed just your motto. #DebbieWassermanSchultz
My message is you are as corrupt and as much of a lowlife as was Reid
Maybe you sanction Ukraine first since there's actual proof of collusion with Hillary
Can we please see some evidence of any Russian meddling first.  Any proof whay so ever.  Is that not reasonable
@TheLeadCNN @SenWhitehouse @SpeakerRyan @RepAdamSchiff @RepJackyRosen @TGowdySC @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateDems @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump
Make no mistake. Our party needs to come out with a strong message for all to hear and not sit quietly watching GOP explode!
#ResistSchumer
How the GOP handles this will be a telling story. Anxiously awaiting for it to unfold.  We the citizens are watching and your accountable
Message to Putin? He is with us to get rid of ISIS. You would bite the hand that is helping? Another nail toward your demise
thank you for your work tonight.
The longer we wait to deal with Trump the more damage he is doing to our country. It is time to move on impeachment.
keep putin out of it...  yall are under seige of project mockingbird for how long now... really... diversion and propaganda..mind control.
Let's see the real criminals, DWS and Imwan! The list of senators being blackmailed! 4 mil for IT personnel? Who colluded with who?
Can anyone "tape" Trump for me, when he sees the sanctions pkg? Tape probably won't be G-Rated...
What we need is a special council to look into Hillary and Lynch and Jimbo
Plz stop with this Putin Sky Is Following crap. U have worn it out Chuck! Tried to do something PRODUCTIVE!
And if he doesn't sign it?
Coming from you Schumer Putin will be shaking in his boots. Russia does not care about sanctions
Chuck... you've got one & only one job. Kick trump out of office. And kill the healthcare bill (okay two jobs)
Like that will happen
GET TO WORK ON THE HEALTHCARE BILL. 
WORK IT OUT.
WORK! YOU'RE GETTING PAID TO WORK, NOT SOCIALIZE W/MEDIA
And that message is #cutitout, not @Potus "c'mon on in"
#MangoMussolini is gonna veto and then be super extra tough on his boyfriend! #Bullshit #Putinspuppet #MuellerTime @IndivisibleTeam
Wow, Trump is going to be seen throwing more chicken nuggets once that hits his desk. If i could just be a fly on the wall with a tiny gopro
How did the vote go?
Want to bet Trump vetos bill????
He will try to hold it hostage for Healthcare bill exchange.
How much longer must the people tolerate the obstructive, vile & destructive behavior & policies of this President! Enough is..Enough!
You need a strong message, wake the he'll up and support the president
FACTS, FACTS?
I've read that 45 has borrowed millions from Russian banks. Apparently US banks stopped loaning him money.
If I were you I would be more worried about your state of California wanting to form there own country . Maybe you could be dictator
Chuck I think you have a secret love affair for Putin because that's the only thing you can talk about.
I wonder what the #cheetoInChief will do
Funny how Obama and u pinheads laughed before the election regarding Russia when you all thought HRC was a shoe in..
Lets if the Orange Menace signs it or vetoes it
Wouldn't this be the first bill that trump could sign?  That would be hysterically ironic
What is that? We want a war?
What message would that be? Your going to remove the Flexibility for Obama that he said he would have once he isn't President.
Only money Russia gave was to Clintons foundation and DNC. Only collusion with Russia was Clintons and DNC members. Only criminals are DNC.
Hope trump tells you and you to eat 
@COSProject sends you a message Chucky

Try cooperating with Republicans to get stuff done.
Do your job. Thanks
How long does he have to make a decision?
10 days, I believe.
You're a hypocrite Tea Bag Chuck #TermLimits
Chances are it will get Vetoed. Ya'll think your funny. #ReadtheBill
What strong, clear message, let us take over the world or go broke and starve?
Why did it take over a year to get sanctions in place.  Obama knew about Russian attempts to interfere  in July 2016!
#legislation
You need to send tramp a stronger message 'cause he isn't going to sign it.  He'll. come up with same lame excuse or @GOP will give him mos
Lmao
Vote it down!  Block the clown! 
Putin doesn't give a shit about sanctions we need him more than he needs us
@shirleymcbrinn @POTUS via Twitter
I hope he shoots you down just as you have done to him every step of the way
yes and the democrats will get a strong message in the midterm elections also.
Yeah, get us a better dossier than the last one.
Good luck. He's so far up Russia's bum he smells like borscht & hookers all day every day.
Should have done that over the last 8 1/2 years instead of selling our uranium and selling out the American people
Bernie Sanders voted no. NOW will you stop letting him mooch off of and try to take over our party? @NancyPelosi @SenJeffMerkley @SenFranken
Lol to be vetoed!  did you forget it's not Obumer! You have played obstructionist! Anything DEM vetoed
You might want to read this. Leave no 'T's uncrossed and no 'I's undotted.
Whitehouse: There is an 'executive back door' Trump could use to lift Russia sanctions http://read.bi/2u2CKo9  via @bi_politics
Or we'll get a strong clear message from trump if he doesn't sign it!
I thought you voted June 15
I believe it was changed before passed by the house.
Schmuk
U stink, Schumer!!!
Like this one Chucky??
The Democrat party will keep losing,simply because destroying your  political opponent doesn't offer Americans a promising future.
You suck!
I hope his butt boy don the con doesn't veto it right away.
Strong message sent 2 @PutinRF_Eng is snatch @realDonaldTrump as out his fake pres & news seat! Now that's a message of shit-off election
Sure. Tell'em to give us back the uranium,from the deal Russia made  with crooked Hillary and the Clinton foundation.
Because the president won't.
Need to stop obsessing about Russia..pass your sanctions & move on dammit..full, skinny repeal, single payer none will work. Find a new way
How bout shut up ?
Awkward, POTUS has to act like he and Putin aren't really dating. 
#LipstickRevolutions
The European Union thanks you.
@steph93065 I guess that's why Dems didn't send such a pkg to President Obama, I mean a need for a strong, clear message and all.
Git!
Excuse me? First you need to send Trump a "strong, clear message." #TrumpRussiaCoverUp

And send a message to Trump too
THANK YOU!!!
@realDonaldTrump will not sign it of course.it will cost him his presidency & Maybe more troubles.its like forcing him to resign
You could have just sued the Russian Government instead in a free and open international court. Where evidence would be examined-that's fair
@catikins9 Good Job  @SenateGOP @SenateDems 
Trump will veto
Demonizing Russia to explain why The Hag lost.  Chuck you, Schumer!
Y'all should do 4:20
So what are you going to do Senator if Putin laughs at you. Iran has informed you in Congress/Senate eh?  What about NOKO? U all meddling
What about ACA? UR talking Russia? Heartless.  @JGilliam_SEAL @dawnellemurray @HouseCracka @peddoc63 @BinsackSb @thehill
What did putin do? Evidence?
My friend has cancer ACA coverage,  went to get chemo thru port. Hooked up, & told ACA won't cover.  Never missed a payment.  Get Rid of ACA
Congress passes bill against phantom enemy but fails to build wall, lower tax or repeal Obamacare. Congress makes me sick. @realDonaldTrump
Override him!
#shutupchuck
Yeah. Message? US Citizens are sick of elitist Congress who don't support us. Instead point at phantom enemies so we don't see what they are
We want the same Health Care coverage that all Senate, House, Family & Staff enjoy
Get ready, he won't sign it.
Patriotism on display and in action, versus the Birther in Chief's inaction!
I hope The Don shoots himself in the foot by a veto!
Chucky where were u crooked @HillaryClinton scammed our Uranium to Russians! Hypocrite!
And this?

HRC Mueller Russian uranium ties under @POTUS44 @BarackObama & @TheDemocrats surface (Wikileaks)
And this: Klaus Eberwein Found Dead Before Testifying Against crooked HRC Foundation! How do u sleep at night? Meds?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EqdA5FFpqM …
SCHUMER IS JUST PLAYING HIS FOOL !

Huge mistake if @POTUS vetoes the bill. If he does, will be seen as Russian favoritism & give credit to him being compromised &/or collusion

Chuck he won't. He'll say he's gonna discuss it W Russia but will just go there & discuss how he can continue to cover up the campaign mess
Symbolism vs substance. You wanna send a strong message? Impeach his potus!
Isn't Trump already laying the groundwork to veto it???
Ya because you hypocrites were so tough when lying hillary messed around  with  Russia.  All of you useless
Oh, it'll send a strong message alright when @POTUS vetoes the bill. We're listening and so is Putin.....
Silly Rabbit....you know Trump's not going to sign that thing (at least not without pulling all its teeth out). #TRUMPTRAITOR
WTF makes you think he will sign sanctions on his buddy who helped him? @POTUS is the #1 threat to Americans
What can U do to stop GOP lying meme that they could not work on ACA. Publicize meeting lists/dates of all of it. Repeated;lies become truth
If @realDonaldTrump vetos these sanctions would really raise questions & provide MORE evidence of something improper btwn tRump & putin
Won't/can't he just veto it?
President Trump and his Loyal Team Can do Their Own Investigation into the Russia Matter And From There They can Put Sanctions
You never get the message...why should anyone else? Why is Russia ALL you talk about when you have yet to share even ONE drop of evidence?
And we have other problems in this country!
And do you think the #CheaterInChief will actually sign something that goes against the person who put him in office?
POTUS will veto it. Then what?
President Trump Can not Trust The Democrats. You are just Trying To Set Traps for Him to get him in Trouble and Then Critize him
IF President VET0ES the bill HE CONFIRMS 4 his base #TrumpRussia @FoxNews @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle @rushlimbaugh @AriMelber @maddow @CNN
Here's the strong, clear message @POTUS :

Sign the fucking sanctions package.
Your up to no good worse than usual if you agree with Donald Trump on something Chuckie
They couldn't pass something positive for the American people. Typical bullshit in DC. How the hell does this help me and millions
@realDonaldTrump should veto this. Pass it if congress gives you a healthcare bill & other stuff your supporters want.
He has his pen ready in his hand. I saw it.
The details of Russia's torture & murder of Sergei Magnitski DEMANDS strong US sanctions against Russia. Please RT.

https://www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/534864/ …
Good thing cuz' I hear @realDonaldTrump has his pen in hand.  #RESISTANCE #ONETX
Can everyone please get on the same page for our country?
If he doesn't, that would be great! Impeachment all the easier!!!!
I'd like to think they are about country over party ultimately. Drumpf is a domestic danger. He needs to go.
Let's talk about unmasking...
No, sir, we need to send @POTUS a strong, clear message.
Supposedly he has a pen ready to sign things
His taxes won't show Russian money. It'll show that he's in debt up the ass, and not worth as much as he says.
Will he veto it? Does he know what a veto is? I hope not
He better have that pen in hand that he keeps saying is there @realDonaldTrump
Need to send Trump a strong, clear message. Or were you assuming Putin would contact him via Kushner's back channel communications?
Get ready for a vote to overturn a veto.  Donny isn't doing anything to hurt his owner's feelings.
we need to send you and your obstructionists a message. we will vote you all out.
Instead of colluding like the DNC?
Thanks, Chuck.
He should be waiting w pen in hand!
Do u think drumpf will sign against Pukin??
He won't sign but he'll tweet that it's your fault. 
President Trump. DO NOT FALL FOR THIS CRAP.
Trump will be too scared to sign it,  for fear Putin will expose his dirty little secrets.
It will be telling if Trump vetoes this bill!
need to send you rich politicians a message - you suck. stick to the constitution
Oh this ought to be good. Shiz show alert
I hope you're not afraid of Putin he's already threatened the Senate & Congress today
He did ?!
Basically called them punks
Oh.  True
Pass it!
Is this why Tillerson is "On a break"?  Rats fleeing a sinking ship methinks!
