Was in Fulton Co at Nathan Littauer Hospital today calling for immediate action to help NY’s & America’s rural hospitals.
YOUR ALWAYS CRYING ABOUT SOMETHING BUT NEVER TAKE ANY ACTION TO CORRECT THE PROBLEM
You are such a crook chuck
SO SAD YOUR ON LIFE SUPPORT AS A SENATOR BECAUSE YOU DO NOTHING FOR THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK
In Tennessee 8 of our rural hospitals have closed, more than any other state and our Senators don’t care. We need your help!
Senator Chucky You do not know how the medical field works! You & Nancy have squealed "the sky is falling&we are all gonna die" to much
Be part of the solution and stop obstructing!!!!!!     Obama Care is a failure.  Be a leader and work with President for once.
Chuck you and your party get with it... You are irrelevant
Pull the plug on all commie healthcare programs. No more freebies.
Hospitals in the east end of Long Island have been on life support for years and a lot You gave a shit in your own state THANKS CHUCKY

While they rake in millions
How about administrators take pay cuts?
Well, actually Trump has kicked to ball to the Congress to approve the  subsidies...or you guys can sit and tweet and do nothing, as usual.
You know what Chucky Chuck you lied through your teeth when you take away free enterprise you kill good medical quit lying try the truth
They been on life support. Is schumer even paying attention to the numbers? Where you been?
In Kansas too @cjonline @RogerMarshallMD @SenPatRoberts @JerryMoran
Thank you Senator!  I want our local hospitals in the Mohawk Valley to survive.
Senator Schumer, President Trump just ruined our Obamacare. Now we will be without health insurance. Democrats need to talk to Trump.
I am now priced out of health insurance and I am considering leaving the USA because I can no longer afford to live here
Hey Chuck your a minority get off your a.... And do something other than complain.
@SenSchumer CHUCK WTF????
What happened to that BETTER DEAL plan?lasted 20 minutes.saying no to anything Trump is getting old 
U R WASHED UP
Then he lies about what his cuts do to the american people your campaign promises are more lies !
Trump is foul that is why he cut money from hospital so the american people feel pain for their sick love ones
The question NOW is WHO ARE THE 30% WHO keep supporting @realDonaldTrump? Answer: WHITE SUPREMACIST and Deplorable
Big terms 4 such a little brain schumer, u need some meth 2 bring ur headache down ? U opioid drug lord !!
“Upstate” hospitals are on life support because the people can’t afford to go.  The people of Upstate NY have been raped by the politicians of Albany and the welfare state of NYC. Depleted job opportunities and ever higher increasing taxes.  #WakeUpNY #CorruptChuck #TermLimits
What Obama did was Illegal! Dems are Liars
Why is it Congressional inaction? Why can't anyone see to act in the best interest of US citizens of this country?  #DOSOMETHING
Why did you see this before you approve Obama Care
Talk talk you people never do anything SO POTUS must
Help us please!
CAN @TRUMP BE SUED FOR #MANSLAUGHTER IF ANYONE WHO LOSES THEIR ACA COVERAGE DIES? HE STATED HIS EX ORDER INTENTIONALLY DESTROYS THE #ACA.
You have no credibility anymore. You dems created this problem and then want to obstruct. Just shut up and go away.
Alert:These NY hospitals have been on life support since Schumer took office . Refuse to meet with them or listen to their needs & problems
Blah blah blah

@docrozcallahn Trump/Pence Regime must go to Federal prison! #illegitimate
Haha why? What are the federal crimes they’ve committed?
NO DEMOCRATS HAVE PUT HOSPITALS AND HEALTH INSURANCE ON LIFE SUPPORT GET IT RIGHT OBSTRUCTIONIST SCHUMER

If rural America loses hospitals, death rate will rise. Hospitals are a lifeline for rural emergencies. This what u voted for?
Do SOMETHING!
Schemer>I wouldn't show my face at all. The Subversives will find out you are at bottom of Fema Scandal, Dud-Frank [CFPB FRAUD]& ACA SUBSIDE
And maybe the hospitals, Drs, insurance companies and pharma should think about cutting cost.  Just like congress should take less !
So clearly you’re not goingbto@let that happen.  #25thAmendmentNow
Hey chunky you are part of congress. Maybe you should do your job.
Keep defending corporate welfare and lying to your constituents! Lying cryin Chuck
And Your solution Chuck is?? Crickets..
The federal government has no authority to be involved in health care.  10th Amendment. You are acting against the U.S. Constitution.

Please Democrats, go to the table and work with the President so you all can get this right this time. We have to have affordable health ins
Sounds like an issue for compassionate New Yorkers.  Call you NY rep!
If you're so worried about healthcare use the same plans everyday Americans have to use
Your lying again chucky !
I blame you for this
On Trump care the citizens and hospital die, then the town and rural America dies.  So Smart von Clown Face!
More entitlements Chuck? You sure love spending other people's money. #Hypocrite
Oh no the sky is falling!
How long have YOU been in Congress..?
#25thAmemdment
Impeach him #25amendment anything to get him out of office. He is unfit for office a danger to our country
You should have recognized this sooner and done something about it when Obama was around. Were you sleeping?
Chunky.....resign!!!!!
What where you doing the last 8 years for our forgotten veterans... Schumer ?? Shameful ! Do the American people a favor...retire !!
U now acknowledge Upstate NY? Our hospitals are failing n will not survive Ocare! They are hemorrhaging $ w/o #FullRepeal
Good luck w/ that! You voted for it & I hope you get your full repeal so we can all sit back & 
What about CHIP ? Do something MR LEADER
And Obama's killed people who had cancer had doctors for years and then ripped from them &  their health care shame on u for not sitting
Keep doing what you have always done -- Nothing.
Worried about all of the donations you get from insurance industry chuck?
Cry me a river chuckles. Nobody listens to you
Gop are murdering us citizens
The Death Squads have finally arrived
Trump & HHS hasnt a clue
Guess they better hope they never end up in one.
It's all about illegal immigrants, higher taxes, deficit spending, hand outs and obstruction with you...
.
No group representing any medical association is for Repub nonsense. All are hurt and hurt people..just to end a obama program..
Chucky, Are these "Hospitals" not charging enough? I would hate to think that their Third World care wouldn't come at a First World cost!
if ya want to destroy something call out chuckie and the DEMO-rats
Why don't you fix it
I wish you were on life support you old fart. Treachery is your game.
Let's be clear - This is now Trump Care
Trump called your hand Chuck
Get to work. US citizens are waiting 
Dems and Republicans are in need to earn your pay.
Since when do u give a crap about upstate?
Keep your doctor keep your plan kind of comes to mine what happened to that Chucky
You had a chance to fix ACA and You sat there crying
maybe ACA WAS DONT RIGHT IN THE FIRST PLACE. & NOT UNCONSTITUTIONAL ITS YOUR PARTY TO BLAME
Schumer should know how useless congress has been! His goal is to give us nothing!
It's time you crossed the isle to accomplish something instead of hurting Americans while trying to make Trump look bad.
How many days vacation do y'all in congress get?
They have too much time off and work not at all when they are "Inresidence" ..but why not since the voters are paying
You act like a crusader but people are starting to realize you don't care. Sensationalizing issues to suit your own arguments has worn thin.
AGREE.. do nothing Schumer how about CHIP
How many private practices has the ACA killed in upstate, Chuck? ACA so expensive GPs close doors and go to work for Hospital corps.Nice job
Same with u on Obama care! U r nothing but Obstructionist who sucks off rhe public teat!  Partisan do nothing but obstruct'!
Help me fund Change!
Obama care put America on life support.
It doesn't work and it's unfair
Welcome to the party Chucky... all of NY is on life support.
Have you noticed it’s your give away state that has been bailed out by the gov. while you Libs keep shoveling to the welfare system? STOP!
Why Congress has week off & Trump is Sabatoging Obamacare behind your Backs ,WOW who ,Kinged Trump  Where's Queen 
Under obama we had a democracy ...under the dumpster we have a mess
The money for subsidies was not appropriated by Congress.  O did it by himself.  Not a democracy. Shot down in court. Next.
You don't care... why should I?
Do your job and fix healthcare. It’s not trumps fault.  It’s yours and your Dem cohorts that voted that pos broken bill into law
If you actually did something for Americans you would not have to tweet so much. Americans can see who is actually working to MAGA!
Time for you to invoke #25thAmendmentNow Senator- Remember your oath to protect the Constitution. End this insanity. #Impeach45
It's not gonna happen.  Get over it.
Your in Congress, do something.
Sen. Grassley submitted it months ago. What's the problem?

The Democrats r obstructionist if you worked with Republicans we could get better healthcare

do-nothing Congress


Please, Senator, you and Dick Durbin need to rally the sane members and vote this dangerous destructive person OUT!
We must be able to sue!!!
Trump didn't kill subsidies. A federal judge who ruled them to be illegal did.

Congress is killing Americans. #Trumpcarekills
Is Congress too busy with a witch hunt? To much time in non recess recesses?


Good job Chucky. I understand. Too busy. Lol. Doing Nancy !

Agreed



And the first thing we will do when the dems get in is what the people of Germany did...tear down that wall..make a holiday

