RIP, but he has misrepresented rainbow. Gen 9:13 is true meaning.God's covenant was not to flood the earth & send a 'rainbow as his promise
I expect persecution but just stating the proven facts
God will forgive you!  Everyone uses the bible for their purposes.  You choose!  It was used to oppress Blacks & I didn't agree!  Bless!
Bible is a bk of life instruction. Man choose other way to not acknowledge and enter into sin. God shows no partiality for race Acts10 33-35
God Bless!  I was happy to read you have LGBTQ friends!  Between the lines we have established our differences.  We're done. No more words4U
WHAT?!?! GOD gave us the rainbow this "community" just commandeered it for their purpose.
God also gave us stars and stripes. God also created each one of us.  Remember that those who hate are sinners too.
Glad I'm not a hater
Your initial text says the opposite. Your religion has pushed many from this "community" away. Many people who love and deserve to be loved.
Love the sinner hate the sin.  I'm a sinner too.
You've got to be kidding right Chuck?! Can't believe even YOU would retweet something like this! This is low! Even for you!
, @CNN when we rise show portrayed him making flag. I never knew that story. I felt as if I got 2 know every1 a bit from that series
Yet your choice for outreach says Trump- supporting homophobes are just fine. #DumpSanders
The rainbow was given by God to all mankind as His guarantee that He would never again cover the whole world with floods. Genesis 9:8-17
Who cares?
1.1k people have cared so far! But your reply only has three likes...aww :'(
Nobody cares about a circus act
HOOOWAAAAA???!!!!!! But that's a person, you silly! Haha, what a funny joke! :)
And still nobody cares about the fruits! Hoooowaaaaaa!!!
So young, sad to hear. I had no idea someone created the rainbow.
The rainbow was given by God to all mankind as His guarantee that He would never again cover the whole world with floods. Genesis 9:8-17
@PaulineSouza1 @DiasMelll @thibiz @lucasbotolon
Gilbert Baker, the creator of the LGBT flag 
Rest well Gilbert Baker
Gee, we had this flag in Rainbow Girls.
yep...AIDS will kill off the homos.
Hope it was AIDS

Puhhhleeaase
RIP
RIP and thank you!

Condolences to his loved ones.
Thank you sir

Thank you sir. RIP
Rest in Peace
Please extend my sincere condolences to the Baker family and friends. Mr. Baker gave us a great symbol let's do it and him proud.
How sad but a great legacy he has left us for generations to come!
WHAT A JOKE!

He is FAKE NEWS JUST LIKE DEMOCRATS
well this is fucking shit.
Yay!
I'm sorry to hear it - for what it's worth and that's not much ultimately.
Rest easy Sir Gilbert Baker, thank you for your good fight, we will keep you with us as we push forward.
Hey Chuckie..get with the times and tweet about something the vast majority of Americans are expecting of your party #confirmgorsuch now!
This makes me so sad
Thank you for sharing this
R.I.P. Gilbert Baker, gracias por hacernos visibles después de cada tormenta, aún ante aquellos que nos odian siempre brillaremos 
Regardless if you respect this flag or not at least respect the dead. #RIPGilbertBaker
@SenSchumer I bought one of these flags in the seventies before even met the people were gay
I bought it in 7-11
The Rainbow is God's sign of a covenant with humanity (remember Noah). Baker was an Anti-Christian, Anti-Semitic bigot and hater
Think people, if the devil was to mock God, how would he approach it?  Stealing symbols, subverting context and meaning, blasphemy?
All of us has a flaw to deal with. A sin that seems hard to overcome, homosexuality is no different. praising sin is a mouthpiece for Satan
@SenSchumer     Both are a disgrace to humanity !

RIP...Tho u couldnt have picked a better day then today...he made a bang coming into the world and went out today the day we r all visabile.
On his way to hell as we speak.
No, that will be you.
pander, pander, pander, a year ago you could not even spell LGBT, give it up, you need to be forked cause you are done, obstructionist, cog
RIP Mr. Gilbert Baker
Fuck this shit ! The Russian did not ask me to vote for President Trump! The corruption of the DemocRate forced me to do so
Though I *truly*am glad the LGBT community has a symbol I am frustrated it has meant the rainbow colours r no longer cause free. RIP Gilbert
Hmmm then they chose well? Lol
Yes they did. 

R.I.P. Gilbert Baker
Not
Thank you for being a pioneer!  
What a loss. His flag design spoke volumes. Simple colorful stripes were elegant, colorful, joyful, and inclusive. 
Thank you for your wonderful gift. Rest in Peace.
thank you...RIP...peace & love = equality

@SenSchumer may his soul find peace even if his life as an abomination has plagued the earth forever more.
Wish I could go to the Twin Peaks or Milk or The Cafe to toast your beautiful legacy with other queers.
To so many WONDERFUL people, we see you and we love & support you. Today & Everyday #TDOV
RIP
I'm shocked & saddened by #GilbertBaker passing at such a young age. I proudly have my Pride flag with my  waving in the wind. #RIP
What a great legacy to leave behind.
That was treason. And i would have loved to have seen Obama convicted and put to death for that...
You would have loved to see Obama hang for a flag he didn't invent?  And what is treason about this?
We definitely don't forget that Obama lit up the WH!  Nor can Christians use the rainbow colors for any purpose whatever, only LGBT members!
A fucking white male?
What a great man. The LGBT flag represents symbolism to have equality for all Gay Americans. What a way to keep this community together. 
Will never be forgotten 
oh.
RIP :(
We should re-add the 7th original color.
The Original had 8 colors not 7. Check Wikipedia for more.
I forgot Turquoise...
AHHHH yea sure he did.....
@SenSchumer 
@SenSchumer Kind of young. Cause of death?
@SenSchumer 
Rip Gilbert Baker
Sad news!
RIP Gilbert Baker 

RIP Gilbert Baker..... we will pick up the flag and keep on fighting until we don't have to fight anymore
fight what?
You do know people are still being jailed for their homosexuality many countries, right? Sodomy laws still exist etc.
so fight in those countries, brave warrior.
Thank you for posting!
RIP Gilbert. Gone way too soon.
