comming from DEMs or even REP... gonna fall on def ears same old pony show, bring in men of god to explain it an make sure media plays it
that way if corruption happens in gods name... ur the ones gonna have to answear to ur maker if ur lucky
PEOPLE THAT DIDN'T WANT IT AND WERE FORCED INTO IT.AND NO ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS DESERVE ANY KIND OF BENEFITS
When are you going to start pushing Medicare for all? This upcoming Holiday break is the perfect time to start calling out the #GOP.
And your ACA was better? Tell my senior citizen bank account that!
What were the CBO numbers for Obamacare? What are they now?
#whatwerethecbinumbersforobamacare
Because the elect out!
Then leave ObamaCare the way it is.
You forgot to mention the CBO said 15m of that 22 would VOLUNTARILY drop coverage once the mandate was gone.  #WheresTheDemsPlan
How many NOT covered right now? You schmuck?
How many or the 22 mil will lose their insurance because they don't have to buy it? I believe many will run from the mandate.
True. We want people to work & buy their own health insurance, just like car, homeowners, or renters insurance. No more free everything!!
Omg get your head out your ass she wouldn't be affected
Most of which elect out due to no penalties
Why should I have to pay for insurance that I don't need? I don't want to pay for Joe Blow's insurance #stay out of my life
Where in the US constitution, is it mentioned, that taxpayer pay for anyones' heathcare insurance? It's a business NOT a right
nothing is non partisan as long as pelosi and schumer are in DC, they are too dirty and g-d knows what they are capable of.
YOU fail to tell people that because the gov't mandates are being lifted, more people will not have insurance because they are not being ...
Yes sir those are the 22 million people that want a
 Free ride
#stayoutofmylife
I want the freedom to buy or not. Don't want to be told that I have to!
Young people who don't want the insurance will fly away from it because they don't have to buy it. Get your nose out of our business!
Who the Hell believes the CBO
I don't think any Democrat leader has ever gone to an ER to see all the medicaid waste in this country.
Troll

And then the Republican compromises came in and out went those items!
219-212 and 60-39....no GOP voting yes...what provisions do you speak of?
Less people will be covered because they will be given a choice.  I thought democrats believed in choice.
I don't see you contributing to this situation
#Dobbs #Tucker
What about the AMERICANS that ACA took their insurance from. What about the families  that can't afford ACA. Guess they aren't worth ur time
Like your CBO numbers held up.
And the CBO is run by the Democratic Party. Dems only believe it if it is negative towards Trumps agenda. Typical left BS !!
Those 22 million will be glad you are no longer forcing them to purchase Insurance.  Free again.
C'mon Chuck. Coverage does not equal care. Some will opt out voluntarily. Work w Reps to fix ur mess. No engraved invite needed. Do ur job!!
Lyin Chucky KNOWS the CBO got Obamacare figures wrong back in 2010. He'd rather LIE than face facts! Obamacare has screwed all Americans !
A lot of those by thier own choice because they will no longer be forced to participate in an insurance plan they dont want!! Tell the truth
Perhaps that's b/c millions of Americans don't want your forced OCare insurance, with rapidly rising premiums.
So this is making America better, sounds like the good old days when nobody had health care because the doctors& hospitals need to be richer
By choice not force. I thought you were all about choice.
Isn't the obvious fallout if this is passed tons of unpaid medical bills. Who benifits from that?
Keep up the misleading rhetoric. You're the one who stands to lose credibility.
Government needs to get out of instance business you destroy more than you fix! #RepealObamacare
And how many are uninsured, pay the Ocare penalty now because they can't afford the premiums and deductibles hint more than 22million #idiot
Supreme court reinstates travel banYES. @realDonaldTrump
Because citizens won't be threatened to purchase a plan they don't want.. Typical Dem force people to comply with your ideas.
How did those CBO assessments work out for Obamacare, way less signings and missed the mark on costs by a large margin!
Scare tactics Chuckles. Just stop it.
When people are not forced to buy what you want them to buy they will opt out for a choice best for them. No mandate, more choice.
get the damned illegals out and stop the sluts from making baby after baby with an expectation that the taxpayer will foot the bill!
Lies again. Those leaving H/C are the ones forced to purchase H/C by Obama Care. That is typical of democratic rule. @realDonaldTrump MAGA!
Less Americans are covered with the dying Obamacare!!!
What do they say about ACA by 2025? Need to know that number for good comparison. Also how many of the 22 million are opt-outs?
way to go @realDonaldTrump, you really are a con man!!
Is this real or just some more of those lies you got so good at telling
It's because the mandate to buy is gone. You can't fix stupid and chuckie you're the poster boy. I'm a democrat, you are a communist.
Chucky Boy you and all the Democrats in Congress need to have a psychological evaluation ,you all lost your Minds
Were those who were going to be leaving in the 1st place? But again the CBO is just projections.
Sad, It's a bad idea.
Also didn't take in consideration all the people that will be offered insurance through their employer due to NEW JOBS
Of course, because you won't be FORCING people to BUY something they don't want, or need
Are these 22 million the people toga OC forced to sign up or pay a penalty.   Democrats passed OC without reading it.
Look at the mess you guys created.
biggest con job ever pulled by republicans  the party of unbridaled greed   and cruelty   I will never vote for a republican inc McCain
@POTUS Now what will you do to keep your healthcare promise to us?  What will YOU DO?  Reconsider those tax cuts for the few. For us.
CBO is not non- partisan. Had been very wrong before. Like ACA.
How many would not be covered under Obamacare? How many states would've pulled out? How many providers would've cancelled?
How many leave because the mandate is removed? Crying Chuck is a hack.
ENOUGH CRYING.  AND CREATE A REVOLUTION.  TAKE YOUR GOVT BACK FORCIBLY.
If you are poor, sick, unfortunate, it is *your* fault, your problem and your responsibility. Re: inequality, see "prosperity gospel". 2/2
This is the core idea of conservative R's:the gov't as proxy for us all has NO obligation to aid the poor, sick, unfortunate individual.1/2
I hope you're not surprised - this is by design. The R's don't want to provide health care or insurance. They have no public health policy.
Not just mean it's cruel - he's killing innocent Americans! We need to impeach him and Pence for ties with Russians and hacking our election
Chuck Schumer says doesn't care how much healthcare plan costs to insure all Americans even if financially ruins over 50% of U.S. citizens
You have been a senator for years and you have not made a difference for your constituents or the American people.  Stop sabotaging.
CBO says rates will drop by 30%.

Why did people need Medicaid if they had Obamacare?

Why do they need Medicaid if they have AHCA?
There were wrong on Obamacare wrong on this too
Good
Work together instead of being an obstructionists.  Obama care is a disaster also.
And the Majority of us can't afford the ridiculous cost! #MedicareForAll #BasicIncome #NoJobs
You mean this leaves Americans with a choice to have insurance or not, without penalties and not mandated.Stop lying @SenSchumer @SenWarren
Projected but millions under unaffordable Obamacare are today paying penalty for not being able to afford Obamacare premiums + pay Dr visits
Schumer : pandering puppet , his leadership is why his party is dead . No ideas , just hate spewing responsible for GOP shootings God Knows
This is your mess Republicans r trying 2 clean up.So what are you doing 2 give hard working taxpayers more affordable premiums
Trump followers careless if 22 million Americans loses their healthcare,all they say MAGA!#Heartless/cruelest followers!
Be honest. How many of the 22 million are opt outs. Cmon, you can be transparent. I know you can.
Nothing you say is believable.  Mainly you. Use propaganda to generate hate and mistrust . primary product of Democratic Party is hate .
most by choice since thery are not taxed for not having insurance, liar, putz, criminal
same as OB care huh
Like ACA only 11 million covered
I'm sorry but all reasonably healthy ppl are forced to pay the Gruber ACA. Millions of us pay ACA for NO BENEFITS and are counted as insured
I knew it Chuck,if those 22 million young people don't want to buy insurance, lets kick them out of their parents basement. That'll show em
Can't help yourself can you. Number from what ACA was supposed to be. Which missed dramatically. As a % of population, better than ACA.
Prove it. I have asked for info 3X how?
Chicken little
Do you realize this is primarily driven by lack of penalty for not having insurance?? With no individual mandate, CBO says they won't get it
Fewer
If democrats don't learn to work as one it will be a long 8 years for those still in office.
If we don't repeal Obamacare those 22 million will be without coverage by 2018.
Chuck Schumer how on earth did you ever get elected?
Less not more u & obama care didn't even insure half of what u declared The same office missed obama care #'s by just 100% Don't believe
And what about Russia?
That's what happens when an unconstitutional law is repealed.  But I doubt the bill will pass in its current state. How many uninsured now?
Riddle me this - if you don't count Medicaid how many people are covered under obama care? If you don't prop it up w taxpayer $ will it fail
And YOU please #filibuster by #amendment - #Dems can stop this abomination! #justdoit #TrumpDontCare #NoAHCA
#MitchMcConell
Guess what Chuck 150 million Americans wouldn't pay taxes if they weren't required under penalty of law to do so either. #CBOSCORE @FoxNews
Chuck there are 28.5 million uninsured as of 2016 according to Kaiser Report.
You're a fraud crying chuck
Thank you for not using standard hyperbole incorrectly stating 22m would be "thrown off" health insurance. H should talk to @SenSanders.
Because they CHOOSE not to buy it since the government mandate is gone but healthcare is there if they want in no more government force buy
Bullshit. It is in trouble because of ins cos  T already told us if they can't pass their bill they will have it fail and blame the Dems.
What?!! R's have the majority. D's are not in charge of this. Why do you need their help to pass this legislation?  7 years to plan. No plan
Please show Americans that we are important not party. Reach out publicly to McConnell with an offer to help improve this plan.
CBO is partisan
Yeah, the ones who don't want to be insured.
How accurate was the CBO relative to Obamacare?  Just curious?
-Where in the Constitution does it say the state shall provide health insurance?! Treat healthcare like car insurance.
We at the HP say just let BarryCare fail just like Clown Schumer's morals. Let BarryCare drop to the ground like Clown Schumer's ballsack.
Most because they want to be.
OBSTRUCTIONIST! LIAR!
Hey Chuckie- they said the same thing about Obamacare!
Dont see you shedding one of your fake tears for us poor Americans, but tears for a Temporary Travel Ban.   Obamacare is killing people now.
Senator Schumer, Senator Collins has extended a hand to work on fixing health care, will you accept? It's time to stop criticizing and work.
Middle America is neither poor or working for a corporation.  They are dying because of expensive healthcare insurance costs. Single payer
I have to keep in mind you and Nancy Pelosi are actually good for the Republicans!
How did the CBO do at predicting Obamacare results? 
Is this the same CBO that scored Obama care?  Well that was accurate.  No reason to believe CBO
Get off your bandstand and negativity and go to work for the people!
Reading only what you think will scare Americans and have ppl see it your way chuckie, chuckie, Chuckie  blah blah blah
You mean 22 million people will decide not to buy health care i'm shocked. The truth Chuck Truth I know it's hard but you can do it.
Fewer.
Cover fewer people. provide fewer benefits. Raise the deductibles, and give tax breaks for the rich. A great accomplishment. Nice job.
Wrong
Fake #'s are still fake. Yah do know that right? If we were to believe CBO we would all already be dead.
............,What an A-Hole.
Get a job and quit being lazy and dependent on other people's money
Forget positive, let Donny take the US down to his level.
They don't care, selfishness and greed are now qualities they applaud.
If I was Trump I would leave Obamacare without the billions in subsidies to the insurance companies and wait for Dems proposal to fix it.
We need security against the terror of high cost or no health insurance plan for the sick!
Please fight to stop this!
Give facts-how many not insured today. Do they assume those using ACA will skip insurance because not mandated?
THE GOP doesn't CARE, as usual !
More scare tactics by the democrats!
It's just the truth, if it sounds scary it's because it's bad

SENATOR  THE TOP 1%  WHO CONTROL 40% OF THE MARKETS ;WON'T LOSE !THEY ARE BETTING ON IT ;THE ONES WHO WILL LOSE ARE THE HARD WORKING PEOPLE!
let's continue to tag this #Trumpcare which skewers the healthcare of women, children & the elderly@SenWarren @KamalaHarris @SenFeinstein
Curious how this affects life expectancy
Didn't you hear? The republicans have announced that the CBO is now a partisan shill for the DNC. They've polled their friends to prove it.
Wow they can join the working class whose atrocious premiums and deductibles cant use theirs. How about that? Chuck?
Maybe they will have decided to go back to work by then. They will have realized there is no Obama or Dem Party that can give them free shit
I Support Trump as president. But, I wish he would work with the Democrats on health care and make it better.
Really?!?!  Where have you been?!?!  Democrats have NO Interest in working with GOP to address the very real failing Obamacare!
There is a enough brain power with the republicans and democrats to do something. If they would work together.
The operative word is "together". That can't happen if Dems aren't willing to compromise.
I wish they all would work together for the better.  But, they all have a big Clown show going on.
