everything this man is doing is causing chaos,he is not a "LEGITIMATE PRESIDENT" his win was based off of Russia! #CleanTheHouse
NOT!!! Come on... reality check!  Trump won bc American people wanted HIM!! Not HER..
Actually, we the majority did not vote for him. Have you seen his historically low approval rating?
That egg is a bot/troll. But have you seen his approval rating? Hilarious! He's SO unpopular.
exactly and yet some still have his back, come on now!
The majority of its 'supporters' on SM are bots/trolls. Something like 4 out of 5 acccts.
it's insane and yes they are it's like they are brainwashed or scared
I think some just don't care. As long as it upsets Dems.
No, you and your fellow scoundrel democrats are causing panic.  We the people DEMAND a SAFE USA.
Hey, just look up the facts. Are you applying at the farms and orchards and other I'm too good for that jobs?
Piss-off.  No one is talking about those temporary workers.  CRIMINAL ILLEGAL ALIENS.
Young lady the majority of migrants are undocumented What % are criminals How many actual offenses (not rhetoic) can you site?
Think Kate Steinle...Yeah, THAT murder
Yes unfortunately, who else?
I don't have the time to show you the obvious.
Kerp it up Chuck!! There is an epidemic of ignorance is bliss in OUR country and I'm too good to do THAT job.Grocery Price$ 
because...haha...they are in the MINORITY.  Thank GOD!
I'm tired of my $$$ going to fund the illegal immigrants. Have these people gone through the proper channels of becoming
American citizens or do they just get a free pass?
sure would be nice seeing a link supporting ur tweet. Otherwise it's just political rhetoric
Stop saying immigrants, nobody is against immigration. It's "illegal" immigration that's a problem. Criminal illegal alien out.
I wonder if you're as concerned about American women,children who are homeless, our veterans who are homeless! Get it together!
So you ARE in favor of sending children in the US illegally when their parents are back in Mexico, etc. Good we agree.
You and @BarackObama destroyed local economies long before @POTUS took office you Dope!
why don't you just retire already! Also mr. Senator as you should know there's laws that need to be followed!
the only panic that is being caused is by the dems and their craziness.
American workers are failing simple employment screenings (Drug Testing) for jobs.  So who is left to hire? Those immigrants.
WOW, what a bullshit line patricia.  And, they are not immigrants...they are ILLEGALS.
Actually American taxpayers are relieved. We support 1.25 million illegal immigrants in NY. Thus extremely high property taxes.
Well, Illegal Immigrants should be worried, they're here illegally, and they should be deported.
NOT immigrants.  Illegals period.
what are you doing positive as Democrats. Be proactive rather then negaative
all lies! Someday Americans will see thru your lies. We can easily insert your name and remove the president's name.
you incite fear and chaos with your false statements. Stop making up lies....report the truth.
Please give me 2 "local economies" that have been destroyed
it's time to bring back law and order to America. #MAGA
NOt true and you know it.  I pray that the light shines and reveals all of your corruption in Jesus' name.  then be prosecuted.
Seriously?? The American people want a safe country.  NOT a catering country to criminal illegals!!
check consumer confidence index. Highest since 2000. You are so out of touch.
Trump's Immigration policies? He's only enforcing laws that have been on the books for years. He didn't just make up new laws.
so true! As a mental health specialist Im seeing more clients with anxiety issues - due to Trump & his actions!
illegal is illegal but DEMO'S dint comprehend that word !
not at all!
...and we need that travel ban!
why don't you get something done that is more worthwhile than your complaining, at least the president is working hard to help!!
drain the swamp u first
@BlaineBershad shut-UP... @potus  Chaos is good,,,panic comes out of been Dysfunctional
Really? No one I know is panicked.
What world do you live in?
you sir are the only one causing chaos and panic
just another socialist propaganda.
You WILL be forced to uphold the law
who writes these idiotic tweets for you chuck? Get someone with who can create better lies
Dems are running out of time to prove themselves. We need to see you fight back as we The People have. Fillibuster or bust
Dems and the Law need to demonstrate that they can uphold & take back our democracy Before The People take arms to save the US.
we R Americans. We were bred 4 this. it is our history to fight 4 our sovereignty. Peace & reason 1st. We all know what follows
WW 3 is seemingly on the horizon per Putin's recent successes and other issues. Civil War appears more likely as each day passes
no offense but most of our influential govt leaders have one foot in the grave, Trump too. What do they care of our future?
@POTUS immigration 'policies' are current U.S. Law. Seriously. Tell the truth Chuckie.
and you are scaring people with propaganda.
Illegal aliens cause us to pay more in taxes for all the entitlements you give them. You as always are talking out your ass.
Trump's policies?! No, it's THE LAW. Illegals and their gang members are destroying Long Island. Deported 4x! Wake up!
It's was your job to change the immigration laws you didn't like and you did nothing. So now just suck it Schmucky.
what..about  Boston's .san berdino
@rwilley112 don't you have more people to scream at in restaurants?
his policies are LAW! CHANGE THE LAWS LAW MAKER. THIS IS ON YOU!!!
only causing chaos and panic with illegals.....And rightfully so Chuckie
Our food is rotting in the fields.
you mean local drug dealing businesses? Chaos, you mean illegal aliens running from the law & those democrat voters deported!
Thanks @POTUS for enforcing the law unlike the establishment politicians who break their oath of office every day.
Work harder and call (the) US to action like @SenSanders @SenWarren
You and your lunatic party are inciting the chaos. DO YOUR JOB. UPHOLD THE LAW.
OBAMA has deported more illegals than any prior president. Where was your FEAR MONGERING THEN?
Always negative towards @POTUS but U R spending the night having dinner with him at the White House?! All just politics!
no DJT is making sure those who come here want to be here and not do harm. Dems were lax and stupid in their policies
but you wouldn't want to find a middle ground or make common sense changes so just sit back and comment
Trump is not destroying anything the Democratic party is. USA citizens will celebrate when Obamacare collapses..Democrats own it
why don't u personally hire a few million illegal aliens, & put them in yr sanctuary house

Ummm, only if you are here ILLEGALLY!
Think about it Why can't we Just Impeach Donald Dump and we all go back to our Normal Lives?? Won't that be easier??
And your party is doing it's best to fan those flames of fear along with all the bs your spewing.
Local economies were destroyed long before President Trump took office.Chaos and panic? Do you know where Chicago is?
um, no
there go your servants
Another callous policy on immig. The rising on hate crimes will contintue in unhealthy behaviors...
only panic by the illegals, every one else doesn't have to worry
Oh no! Those poor illegal immigrants.
Local companies are abusing both immigrant and non-immigrant employees. NYS don't care, companies pay more taxes than common man
@born2playdrumd THEY ARE DESTROYING DEMOCRACY AND CAUSING HATE CRIMES ACROSS THE COUNTRY
Should have been happening for the last 35 years but you libs wouldn't do it. Shame on you.
Don't do the crime if you can't do the time.  They did this to themselves.
It's not practical and terrorizes the wrong people! Completely counterproductive. We need a path to citizenship to fix things.
it's abt time !!

really, destroying local economies?  And I think your hysteria is causing the chaos and panic.  Please Stop w the inflammation.
@inresista1 no shitska
In other words: SCOFFLAW #ILLEGAL #ALIENS r finally conscientious about all the laws they break EVERY day to work, drive & VOTE
@sakyabuni 
Thank you for your service, please, ignore the baseless complaints in comments, you are doing great work.
They are not his policies Chuck, it is called LAWS on the book, citizens are supposed to follow them including illegal aliens and criminals
@sakyabuni 
And 
murdering 
people
Wrong
They need to go home if they are illegal or get citizenship papers started; plain and simple @potus @vp  @oreillyfactor
Ever heard of the word legal you price of shittttttttttt
The Dems destroyed local economies and created the chaos and panic. You're stoking the flames with divisiveness.
Who does The Donald think cooks his food when he buy KFC
- come down to Tx
@bannerite @USAGSessions Yeah, look what happened to Alabama. Sessions knows that it destroys economies.
We call it law enforcement
destroying local economies, causing chaos & panic in communities, wait, what, you talking about stealing Delphi pensions again?
Too bad
Which country scummer ??
All is well here Chuck! Im really worried that you have no clue & are so out of touch..
not true
 enforcing the law, don't like it, change the laws. #CryMeARiver
Is it possible that illegal immigration has propped up local economies by supporting illegal immigrants not legal immigrants Trumps fixng it
resign
Where?
no panic in upstate NY
awesome!
Millions of CA residents who voted 4 @realDonaldTrump agree w No more sanctuary cities/states, build wall. America first! MAGACA
go home chuck your drunk.  maybe you and some of your ilk can get a group rate on mental help..
Do you think it has also caused Americans to become more optimistic about the economy as well?  Tell us O Liar of sorts.
What Schumer is saying to you is he wants you to blindly believe him but he doesn't have any proof to indicate he is correct.
Hmmm.  Trump enforcing existing laws is chaos?!?  So what do you call Obama totally ignoring existing laws for eight years?
Illegals should be scared. They need to be deported. If you found a stranger in your home, you'd call cops have them removed
what the heck is wrong with this clown doesn't he get it President Trump won cause the people have spokesman
Truly sad that people in America have to live in fear, panic, and poverty.
your activity of supporting people like Tanveer Hussein directly endangers Americans. Policies are yours @SenSchumer
How about working TOGETHER with Reps to FIX the broken immigration system. Make it easier to let people in LEGALLY! Do your job!
no they are not
you mean his policies are bad 4 Dem's & ur reelection bc how else would u or the Dems win elections if not for illegals' voting
Trumps Please encourage the enforcement of the immigration laws currently on the books.
Chuck Schumer needs to resign immediately, physically attacking people who didn't vote to his satisfaction totally unhinged
you are the one creating panic and chaos with your simplicity and socialist ideas
What a damn liar. All he's doing is enforcing the law. You know, KEEPING HIS PROMISES which is why WE elected him.
What? No Spanish this time? Little flustered after your confrontation at the restaurant last night??
Enforcing the law causes chaos? I would think not enforcing laws causes chaos. Which laws will we choose to ignore next?
Could you go on @FoxNews to discuss with @Tucker or @Hannity and provide specific facts? @Potus
ICE raids without warrant on private residences looks a lot like the Nazi Germany purge of the Jews.
Nothing on MSM? Is this a scare/enflame thing? U cry wolf so often is hard to know when to take you seriously.  @Potus @FoxNews
Also, affecting tourism and enrollment of foreign students in our universities and severly impact agriculture/construction!
you are a traitor
#evilheartman
You caused this Schumer. Having 8 years of open boarders and NOT CARING about giving Tax payer monies to the worlds cast offs.
wht part of ILLEGAL don't u getvwhen it comes to immigration? U should kno & uphold the laws of the land or get out of office 
@POTUS is following the Immigration Laws already on the books to deal with illegal aliens. Chuck illegal aliens aren't citizens.
thanks to you and Democrats trying to give away America for the last eight years that @realDonaldTrump is only getting it back.
You do know that one day you will stand before God and have to answer to all your propaganda and hate.
He's protecting our country. Need for extreme vetting.  Illegals need to go home and come back legally!!!!!
Illegal Immagrants need I say more
No you are creating panic in your community to further your Partys agenda!
impeach
you still can't get over that Trump won that's had to act so immature in public. U shld apologized to everyone. U R EMBARRASSING
Deporting illegal criminals is to bad so sad that your voters are getting deported cry cry cry. ICE is only enforcing the law
Criminal illegals shouldPanic because they're going2be deportedback2 their homeland!USA COMMUNITIES SHOULDN'T DEPEND ON ILLEGALS
Markets are up.  Financial markets are optimistic.
Yeah.. after the blizzard 2 weeks ago, no immigrants came to ask to clean my driveway like they normally do. They all afraid cuz of Trump 
such as you democrats did before president trump?
Now as Charlie Sykes says Trump has diverted back to this for his base, and the Dems are taking the bait. Nunes #CoverUp #Russia real issue
There is NO Russian collusion. It a democrat lie.  They have NOTHING else to complain about.  Wake up
You sure make enforcing the law sound awful
When these illegal's murder innocent Americans do you care? Obviously not. Phony Hypocrite Schumer
What do you say to the families of those robbed, raped and killed by illegal immigrants Chuck? Any sympathy for them?
NO Your letting in illegals and refugees is what is destroying economies and causing chaos, panic and violence in cities
 Schumer U DIVIDER
STOP LYING CHUCK. You only want immigrants so you can GET VOTES! GO AWAY!
Having illegal immigrants destroys our economy because illegals take jobs! You're irrational.
Disagree and that's ok
Trump is doing what the Democrats should have done a long time ago.  100% for Trump!!
it's what got him voted in, assclown..get on board or get out
immigration policies? You mean actually enforcing laws don't you?
more lies from Chuck schemer.
No, it's your leftist ideology and doing everything you can to undermine this presidency that is the problem. Please don't yell.
that's funny considering the sanctuary city conference said just the opposite...economies r wealthier & safer so which is it
Local economies that benefit from illegal activities deserve what they get. Chaos and panic are the price one pays for crime.
you want nothing to get done and Americans suffer while propping up immegrints your the un American pos
How many legislative jobs were lost during the Obama years for Democrats, over 1000's? You are insane.
Be real. Billions spent per year on services for. People whom have broken the law. You and your party are the problem
