
Sending PICTURES of a BIG one compared to a man w/ a TINY one grabbing women's "pussies" against their will - WHICH is MORE criminal?
Your a disgrace.
It's you're, bot..
Oh no the you're police!
Learning how to be a grown up and write past a 3rd grade level is not that difficult..
That's right! You keep policing
You keep being an underachiever. That will get you nowhere but you know that..
Bless your heart
Seth Rich will never have the chance to try on glasses again. What about Seth Rich???
The blue are the best of course. Happy to see Michael. What an inspiration he is
#Democrat Senator from #NJ #Menedez is heading  for a trial in #NewJersey on September 6th for #corruption. #Tatiana
Why don't they just try the whole Democratic Party at the same time, save the taxpayers a lot of money?
Two clowns!
Where is you left hand chucky? Never mind hahahahahaha
Chuck looks like the friggen Devil! Evilness just seeps out of that face. Dangerous to our Country.
Go back there and learn how to be a standup guy instead of another Reid.
He is just as bad as Reid, but is filled with more hate

I think we need an independent counsel into chuck Schumer for his relationship to convicted child predator. Who knows where this leads
THAT IS SLANDER! Deplorable Donald GRABBED women..THAT is much much more CRIMINAL and PERVERTED than sending a sexy picture!
Yea right, that's in depth reporting by NYT standards. Just suggest it and say it was unnamed sources. President Trump was locker room talk.
No evidence of Russian collusion. BUT there is evidence of DNC & media collusion to give ?s to favor Hillary.  http://washingtonfeed.com/leaked-documents-reveal-chuck-schumer-as-most-corrupt-politician-in-history-of-usa.html#.WR8hhhmnoQ8.twitter …
Pull your head out of your ass and BREATH. You Repugs have become USED to living in the dark and have become addicted to the STINK!
How's that lawsuit going for the Dems and the DNC after they swindled voters out of $
You just look like a dork.  So sick of your voice on my TV.
Schumer stop Resistance Violent democrat demonstrator, American hard worker tired of your resistance to our Pres Trimp,
Schumer the FAKE crying, accept your candidate HRC is corrupt, pathologi
Schumer the loser, resistance, hateful, liar wasting American tax payers hard money. Time to accept Pres Trump,
Who cares?
Not graduation, indoctrination.
#Democrat Sen. Bob #Menendez of #NJ indicted on 14 counts of #corruption. #Tatiana
And he is one of the Democrats with the most ethics.
You're an ASSH0[€
So sad you want to be seen with Schumer the clown. Maybe he will cry for you. Clown tears
sorry his lol
We Worked w/ Michael on Doc Hollywood.. He ROCKS!
For someone who despises @realDonaldTrump you certainly repeated his words in your speech @ SBU.
You are blind in one eye and can't see out of the other
Two different generations... Both charming and handsome!
You need more than glasses to make you see.
Sir, I respectfully call for your resignation amid recent documentation of your collusion with pedophile Anthony Weiner.

Ever notice how schumer looks down at EVERYBODY like he's the only 1 that knows hipocrite schumer
Chucks protege now an admitted pedophile. Maybe people should start planting stories of child orgies in your office. No facts needed huh

Are you going to take any more pics with your boy Weiner, Chucky?

Why don't u wear glass that make u look professional even though u r not n not smart enough to come up with real problem solving
You bothROCK!

Air Force One lands in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
@POTUS Trump starts 1st trip abroad with Arab Islamic American Summit #RiyadhSummit 
Carpet trumpets Mutual respect


nutty
Chuck Schumer
Looks like your buddy Anthony Weiner is going away for awhile. Glad you guys got to spend some time together. Good times..
Chuckles u r one creepy man! U have the creepiest clown face I've ever seen! NIGHTMARES!!!
the only faces more SCARY are Maxine, Nancy, Hillary, & Tim Kaine!
oh I forgot Chelsea!
Doesn't matter how hard you try,@SenSchumer,ur sense of humor is unappealing-very divisive soul-@POTUS shall prevail-God doesn't like ugly
No one can beat the way you look over the top of your specs, it's good look.
It is time to eliminate this party
You are leading your Party to total distruction!  Americans are sick of the Dems.  They are the Party of Hate and violence toward America
Lol! Deplorable Donald never said a WORD when his Turkish role model had his thugs beat up protesters HERE IN AMERICA! Trump is a COWARD!
Nice pic. Enjoy yourselves.
How's your buddy Putin?
Chuck- you attended all 3 of my children's grad ceremonies- then saw you at Marist U- you are loyal! Keep up the fight for us!
#Trump2Congress memoPic
#SSS_GOV 4 #YouthWakeUpCall
#ReadReplyRT #NationalServiceCaucus
#SenSchumer @RealMikefFox
https://www.facebook.com/notes/peter-jesella/72016-housesenate-markup-4-fy17ndaa-armed-services-joint-team-wakingupusa-to-hel/1043804302364819 …
Now if you could get Cuomo and others to stop treating SBU as a business that puts out widgets
They are destroying our educational system
BREAKING: @realmikefox's better at hiding tears than @SenSchumer!
Schumer is going to give a commencement address?  Feel sorry for the audience.
Wow... did u hear the CRAPPy WHINY LYING one from Deplorable Donald?? Pathetic!
And the photo ops continue
How is his health? We are going through, good man!
let that kid be a kid quit bothering him

Give your schpeel abt free college to grads 1) nothing is free 2) nothing should be free 3) responsibility/reality is a GOOD thing
Glasses don't make you mature.  You need to support the man who won the election.  Stop acting like a squabbling child.
Ashamed St Bonnie's had you speak last week
No i have to say yours are better!
Ugh go away! #creeper
Did @realmikefox ask you to please openly advocate for #SinglePayer?
Neither one of you can see what's going on
Fake Man
What is wrong with you your heart seems to have a lot of hate bc Donald Trump wants best USAand you and rest no this
Guess whose the fake weasel?
You must be so proud of your "protege" as you put it right? I wonder who taught who about sexting with kids. #PedoGate #MoreArrestsComing
What was this conversation about Chucky? You and Anthony planning on some pizza later.
#NudePride I VOTE! Know what will help make America great? Freedom & EQUALITY 4 ALL including MILLIONS of nudists who VOTE! #BodyFreedom
Your an idiot schumer
http://washingtonfeed.com/leaked-documents-reveal-chuck-schumer-as-most-corrupt-politician-in-history-of-usa.html#.WR8hhhmnoQ8.twitter …
Impeach this crook...
No contest. @realmikefox is cool personified!! 
Chucky where's kid glasses He thinks it looks great. New York I'd be ashamed of him if he was my senator plus getting paid big bucks. Lazy
You should wear his, but with biggest lenses you can find to cover as much or your clownish, crooked face as possible.

Hey Chuckie when will you & democRATS denounce your friend & protégé Anthony Weiner, the admitted sex offender?
Maybe Chucky's afraid he has some involvement in the underage sexting?
Definitely YOURS!  Professorial vs. hip.
You sucked at my daughters graduation 7 years ago. What about all the bs you were spewing back then?
"But these rose colored glasses / That I'm looking through / Show only the beauty / 'Cause they hide all the truth"...Perfect for you!
You can't see Russian payoffs to Hillary so you need new glasses Chuckie!
Nebrasaka <3 Stonybrook U!!!!  Go SeaWolves! Send your baseball boys back to Omaha!!  #CWS
I find this photo to be much more revealing. Wonder what you and Anthony were talking about 
I wish I booed you at my UB graduation
YOURS!
U in same pix with a classy person like Fox is most sickening pix I've now ever seen. U r a disgrace to America, while he is a Hero.
You are both in excellent company, and Stonybrook picked some sage and wise speakers
Seriously ?
@SenSchumer for president in 2020
I guess yours because you can't see your destroying the US with globalist divisiveness. They're rose-colored
Love you both!!!

Pedophile charged. Pedophile investigated. Pedophile guilty. @HillaryClinton's most trusted aide sent him classified emails. #notrussia
chuck  thats great
Need glasses
No one called for Comey to be FIRED. Hellllo?! Deplorable Donald voters should pull their heads out before they drown in their own bullshit.
Sorry, the Dude in the blue wins! Get Top100 studies, AutoimmuneTheory+
MagicBulletTheory. Follow Kaufmann-Hyman-Mercola Natural Medicine
Are you wearing honorary doctorate robes? When did you get a PHD Chuck?
I feel for you. There are so many interesting topics and inspiration for graduation and they haaaaave to shove politics at people.
Not yours you look like a SNAKE
you need to go to work!!
Glad to see you taking a little break. Take care.
Mike's are cute but yours are way cooler, Chuck. Plus, you're saving our democracy RIGHT NOW! Not many Senators can say that. Keep it up!
Senators are full of it. Trump is an expert at intimidation a knew he had Comet right were he wanted him.
Trump hit Comey with a word&look. Then slipped him the "request" to end Flynn investigation. Trump doing this 4 yrs
Mr. Fox such a tough loving man never whines gets things done loves his wife and appreciates life.  XOXO Dish~
poor kids have to listen to your lies
Did you cry yesterday?


Hey chuckie, you trying to ruin more kids lives again?
Hey did you get the girl????
It's really the particular shade of blue that makes the whole ensemble work IMHO.
Sir, how are you going to spend the afternoon next to Michael Fox & not come out of that ceremony championing #singlepayer in face of AHCA?
Seawolves? Seriously? That's incredibly awesome.
He's the only politician I ever see at local events
When you are out of politics, whenever that may be...you should play Captain Freeze in a new Batman movie! That'd be creepily on point.
You're both lookin' kind of snazzy this morning, Senator. Hey Mike!!
#HillaryClinton: Anthony Weiner case is criminal. H to be interviewed by prosecutors. H knows a lot about #Weiner.
These are two more of the Democrats best, the whole party is filled with criminals.

Oh no that belongs to Trumpy the clown
Please can one of you take us back to 2015???
You both look dapper!! 
