Love how the Dems spin a decrease in the rate of growth as a cut. Only in DC! #hacks
Liar
$20 TRILLION in debt Chuck; something has to give or do you plan to just keep pushing it off to our kids and their kids and their kids......
Tell the truth now.. your lying again
Hahaha
If the democrats had presented a balanced budget when you controlled congress.
Nothing u say that s believable. Libtards at known liars. Sorry chuck u no credibility
Tell us how you are going to even up the budget Chuck, stop throwing darts and go to work, so far you are worthless
Stop with the nonsense chuck, you've been spending for years, now you found religion. Stop lying for once .@MariaBartiromo @realDonaldTrump
Gotta save someplace maybe cut Congress's budget 75% & reduce attendance to every third year. @POTUS could get something done. #MAGA
More lies and more lies you're too funny

Tweet on, chicken little.
Is there any area of the budget that you feel is okay to reduce. Our do you recommend we just keep borrowing money so we can go more in debt
Fear mongering.
Liar, you're so full of Chit
And what would the dems do to have a balanced budget?? #UseLess
Barack never once put a balance budget out there. such a hypocrite. You crying clown chuckie are a joke
Chuckie the Liar!!
So Congress paid people to travel now. OMG you are a mess. YOU waist so much that is what causes the problem
What the he'll are taking about.
Where is YOUR proposed BALANCED budget? Put up or shut up!
Cutting EAS is low hanging fruit.  Bi-partisan.  Time to do it.  NOW.
EAS is a HUGE boondoggle that should be trashed. Often government subsidized airplanes with one or two passengers. Complete waste and joke.
Wolf wolf wolf
Keep it up Chucky, you will have all stupid people believe your lies. Trump is banning all air transportation in the world.
Bite me chucky
Don't you ever get tired of being stupid
What about the communities that lost health care because of Obamacare? Why not talk about that Chucky Schumer?
I thought you wanted climate change control, now you're against fewer planes in the sky  @realDonaldTrump lmao
Ok. So what. Drive to the next city
Give it up Chuck
So get off your duff and get to work! This is the first volley. Roll up your sleeves. Don't criticize. Offer proposals. Be a Tip O'neil.
No Government funding.
Is the reason Dems are on notice that their days are numbered.
(212) 486-4430
#DrainTheSwamp 
#MAGA 
You mean without taxpayers subsidizing this would fail??? When does this sort of insane justification end? $20T in debt bothers no one!
Chuckie, you and Obama created this mess. Wish there was a school for dems to be fiscally responsible.
Really chuckie Really
So what? Ppl drive all over the place already to get to major airports. Why do we rely on Govt for everything?
#Draintheswamp
oh it's frightening how much ignorance of supporters. thats how he won.
#"EVIL LOSER"!!!!!
Not a single dissenting tweet includes evidence that they have read anything about this program. Zero counterpoint = zero credibility.
Here you go Sparky. Many more examples if you care to do a simple Google search.
Very glad to see that somebody on here knows how to Google.
More fear-mongering, Chuckie? Good grief, you are a clown...
What you really mean is another Government Corporate Welfare program bits the dust.
Does the bank continuously let you write checks for money that you don't have
You just can't keep on spending money that you don't have. Do U not have to balance a checkbook.
Seth Rich bombshells will put nooses around their necks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dJR4LHT078&spfreload=10 …
you gonna step forward?
Here is the big mistake u liberals are making. The country is watching, and they see what you're doing. Shame on you
Good, another program we can do without. Next
The budget has some cuts, You are going to have them. Democrats spent 9 trillion last 8 years. Suck it up Chuck.
#FEARMONGER!!!


http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2017/05/25/james-comey-heroic-or-facing-indictment.html …

http://www.salon.com/2017/05/25/comeys-handling-of-clinton-probe-was-influenced-by-a-strange-russian-document/ …

http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/05/24/comey-influenced-by-bogus-russian-document-report-says.html …

ROLFLMAO The HILL is the Dems website? Comey came across email to HRC from Loretta Lynch Read more. https://twitter.com/Allthatjewelry/status/867746948866027521 …
Your opinion Schumer along with Warren Waters especially Hillary Clinton and others are not valued we don't care about your opinions
Nor do we care about yours.
LOL
We get it #CryinChuckSchumer your going to piss and moan about whatever @POTUS does.It can't be that important to you NO TEARS!
If only private industry was capable of anything. Seeking dastardly profits always gets in the way of efficiency, motivation, diligence
That would be WONDERFUL the airlines are a bunch of crooked and dishonest&self serving as the DEMOCRATIC PARTY
I wouldn't consider it essential air travel when the airline can't stand on its own two feet profit wise.  Time Sen do their jobs.
I realize it's hard for you to imagine trying to balance the budget because you Dems just love to throw our money out There.
Rrriiiggghhhttt
Wasteful program benefitting very few, whats wrong with driving? #tcot
Here we go with the same old tired Democrat talking points the Republicans are evil starve and kill old people it gets really old tiresome
So do u have a counterpoint?
Just read a little about the John Murtha airport. Giant boondoggle that you are paying for. EAS only benefits politicians from BOTH parties.
Please keep fighting against this inhumane and damaging budget. Thank you.
How does it feel to steal money from your grandkids to pay for boondoggle airports?
Hey @SenSchumer chuckles lets cut your salary you dont do anything for the American people #FakeRepresenative 2018 vote your criminals home
GO TRUMP!!!
And? Be fiscally responsible for yourself! Cut your SS programs to support the 48% paying their bills!
Our Grand Junction Regional airport looks like it is on that list. Surprises me since we have military jets that fly in & out of here daily.
Eas is for commercial flights.
Yes we have Delta, American, Allegiant & United. Plus WestStar Aviation. And our airport is staging area for wildfire air support.
Grand Junction NOT an EAS airport. EAS airports are not served by 4 or 5 airlines. They are small, joke airports mostly serving politicians
Make America third world country....Trump Administration!!!
Wtf as you talking about? It's the exact opposite now that trumps in
20 tril in debt Chuck im ready as an american to tighten my belt to fix what you idiots have done
YOU ARE A HYPOCRITE WERE ARE YOUR TEARS NOW. FOR THOSE BABIES BLOWN UP.  YOUR AN ISIS SYMPATHIZER.
Not happy unless you live off credit. How about the future generations?  Your legacy is going to be "who cares, I won't be around to repay!"
Is there no end to this? How much infrastructure, how many allies, how much credibility, how much loss? #Russiagate #Impeachment NOW
Hey "chiraq" murder capitol. Keep voting democrat
AKA: “I’m in Tucson… I got mine, screw those other people!”
He is #Crazy . Please get him out of the WhiteHouse !!!!!
Get him out of the WH through impeachment like you have tried to with the last 5 Republican presidents? Let me know how that goes for you 
How bad do things have to get before 45 is stopped; special talent to upset U.K. He is dangerous; how long will this continue???
Can YOU be HONEST  Sir ??? Please start
What was inaccurate?
