keep on the pressure, we must get to the truth of this #RussiaInvestigation
We defiantly need a special prosecutor to check you out!
Schumer stonewalling bc he knows no collusion there & 600mil docs show extreme surveil by Obama. No S.P. w/out crime. Firing not criminal.
The American people know President Trump can fire anyone he wants. Exactly the way Obama did. So stop lying about President Trump. Sickening
Firing Obama holdovers or any Exec Br employee id @POTUS prerogative, not UR's Do UR job pass @POTUS legislation, that's what voters voted 4
how true is this? Former Trump Kentucky campaign chair faces 100 years in prison for sex trafficking
(NEVER FORGET THE #DEMS ARE TWO FACED LIARS) Schumer: I've lost confidence in FBI director

how many people did Clinton and or Obama fire?
You're a political clown @SenSchumer where's your proof you dope
Why don't we fire everyone that refuses to go under oath!!
(NEVER FORGET THE #DEMS ARE TWO FACED LIARS)  
Schumer: I've lost confidence in FBI director

Remember those you mentioned being fired were all
DEMOCRAT appointeee by then Mr Barrack Hussein Obama, so all must go.
Hey Chuckie, this just the beginning I hope. There are thousands more of partisans feeding at the Federal trough that need to go.
Bunchs of evidence against Hillary, Podesta, and other FOH. A regular prosecutor could handle that mess.
russia was used as a coverup for seth rich murder dnc whistleblower to wikileaks  this is truth uncovered
What is your point? You were FURIOUS with Comey back in Oct-Nov!!!  Get your self together!  STOP WASTING TAX PAYERS MONEY
You need help... sorry you are so unhappy with you life!
Wish he could fire you.
I'm a constituent of yours. Please stop. This is going nowhere.
Yates choose not to follow a legal order designed to protect citizens of the US. POTUS can fire FBI director for any reason or no reason.


It's called Draining The Swamp AND exposing hypocrites

Yes Chuckey, you're right, he did fire them.
Drain that Obummer swamp POTUS 
That was no accident they needed to go
Yes, to prosecute you!
He is a dictator why are educated people blinded
You don't have a clue. You are not fit to serve in the senate. No one believes you or Dems anymore.
CLUE: It ISN"T an accident. He's draining the swamp and YOU Lose. What a complete jerk you have become
Chuckies back callin the kettle black. Do any of you finger pointers actually do what we elected you to do?
Comey SHOULD'VE recommended PROSECUTION for Clinton under Espionage Act.
There was ACTUAL EVIDENCE of that...
Give me a break
Hey Hillary can you see my brain- thanks chuck shumer - with all the shit out of ones mouth one brain must be in ones ass
Yates was overtly insubordinate. All 3 are political appointees that serve at the will of the President. Obama fired most. Reno fired all.
hillary/obama used russia to cover up child trafficking,&dnc seth rich murder,who is whistleblower wikileak
To bad President Trump can't fire you to @SenSchumer !
Chuck you need to do your job. Hopefully you'll lose your seat because you're being paid a lot of money to sit on your butt.
Tell it to the spineless deputy Atty general.
A coup
yes WE must.once President Trump is cleared of no wrongdoing, We will demand Hillary and all the ad. 2 be investigated
Take #45 serious at setting up a Dictatorship, Hitler fooled all, don't sleep and find it too late with nothing Americans can do about it.
No one believes it was a cover up except you and your kind.
Justified totally
Well within his rights as POTUS
He is hiding and lot more than just the election scandal...
Stop being such a hypocrite
Yu held up all confirmations-Sessions was the worst, OBAMA DID MANY BAD THINGS.  YU ARE A HYPOCRITE.
And Bill Clinton fired Sessions... what's your point? Comey should have been fired long ago for covering up Hillarys emails. We are on to U
President @realDonaldTrump isn't obligated to keep Obama's appointee  Preet Bharara,why would he keep left over liberals in his cabinet 
U don't get one! U wanted him fired before the election! Now u don't! U r just as dirty as bill clinton's sex scandals!!
your a joke
Are you all scared now that Comey is gone? No protection and cover now? I'd say back up and take a fresh look at things. Transparency!
We didn't have one for HRC. Why didn't you holler then? I would like him to remove you troublemaker.
Thank you for insisting on this. I hope you can get enough GOP senators to put #CountryOverParty #CountryOverParty
Hmm he has that right to fire people it's called doing a job idiot
And if you get that special prosecutor and they come back trump and Russian were not involved we all know you be saying there wrong
do we detect a pattern?
I hope that we the people wise up and vote you out hypocrite!
What a hypocrite you hated Comey when he was investigating your girlfriend Hillary!
I wish he could fire you!  I wish I could revoke my vote for you; one of my biggest regrets was voting for you.
Goal: Drain the Swamp!!
It's called draining the swamp and I hope your next.
This Cover Up Involving Loretta Lynch Just Got More Serious http://www.americanpatriotdaily.com/latest/cover-up-loretta-lynch/ … special prosecutor for Clinton
You are nothing but a political hack that hates America.
Fight the good fight
He is not well.
But you were pushing so hard for his resignation a few months ago?
It is not a criminal act!
.@SenatorSchumer also, the racially-motivated firing of U.S. Surgeon General Vivek H. Murthy,  a highly distinguished @BarackObama appointee
Using race to bait angry ppl to recruit lol How about that the person was simply inefficient! Mindblowing!
he runs the country like a dictator, I truly believe as an American we need to look into the Russian  interference Immediately!
Slow your roll, we the people have had enough of your hypocrisy and false indignation.  Sit down and shut up.
Senator Senseless forgets Clinton fired more than 90. Accident? Tone down the hypocrisy.
So you're saying you're going to investigate yourself since you personally called for Comey to be fired?
Talk about conspiracy theory!! Come on DEMS you can do better than that. Next complaint, does Pres Trump have 2 many veggies in his soup?
Why don't you and the DEMS try doing something, like your job, to help President Trump make this country great again!!
We need a #IndependentInvestigation & #SpecialProsecuter into #TrumpRussia , Sir. We need it NOW.
Blah blah blah- stop with that tired like of (un)thinking! It was funny at first,  but now you're sounding pathetic.
Democrats need to get to work!
If you ever wondered how could so many follow Hitler and his genocidal ways wonder no more supporters of Trump are doing the same blindly
Future news - Trump tweets special prosecutor should be fired and fined for conducting such a very, very fake investigation. #fakeiestnews!
There sure are a lot of trumpsketeer trolls following you Senator. I needed a good laugh this AM.
Chuck, we need you to shame @SenateMajLdr McConnell into allowing an independent prosecutor w/full subpoena power. If he has any shame.
Comey serves at the pleasure of the president, Not on your Timeline!!
@realDonaldTrump is already putting the nation in a grave constitutional crisis with his shenanigans.
This man is mentally unstable.  He is a dictator not a president!  Why do we have a emulants clause?  Taxpayers being robbed!
He also fired the judge in Hawaii that was blocking his travel ban.  This is outrageous!  When will something be done?
Yes special prosecutor and Mitch McConnell needs to recuse himself his wife is on trumps staff he can't be impartial to save his life
They need to look into your ties with Russia and Putin, aren't you friends with putin? Didn't you spend time with him in New York,
Chuckles you going to cry..
Bahaha
Making up connections that are not real again!
You are the most unlikeable individual in all of politics, and you are ALWAYS wrong.  Retire!
Yep!
You've been crying about Comey EVEN AFTER 'RUSSIAN' INVESTIGATION STARTED! So stop acting like you're not the hypocrites you are!
@potus should fire every Anti-American Obama holdover and disinfect the office. Should disinfect your office too to get rid of slime
Can you ever try to NOT sound like ur debating  what to order off the menu? They hired #KenStarr to investigate & Impeached over a blowjob!
You're a hypocrite Sen Schmuck! ,sickening listening to your rhetoric. There is a boat waiting for you on Ellis Island to take you back home
Thanks for all your hard work. Always voted for you & don't regret it!!
you're so right!
Shit, my blood pressure. Feels like he'll fire ME next!
yes! Agree! Trump and his swamp are trying to hide the truth. Everybody knows that. Do something!
Democrats are whining about the removal of an FBI Director Comey
yet, they themselves  lost confidence  in Jim Comey
Of course not, they're all Obama stooges.  Chucky, just sack up and try impeaching him.  It's all you people talk about.  Just try it.
ABSOLUTELY.
YES! We MUST!
Hypocrit.
Actually, Senator Schumer nailed it.

We need an independent Special Prosecutor yesterday.
Go Trump! B. Too bad he can't fire you b
To prosecute whom? Trump? For what, exactly? What laws has he broken?
No Accident, Coward @usagSessions #Nixonion CoverUp of Coup.  They found out Monday @jamescomey1 was coming after @realDonaldTrump @CBS @CNN
I wish he could fire you!
See also Nunes and Chaffetz leaving Oversight posts . . .
Sally Yates fired because she wouldn't defend Trumps immigration executive order. she made herself a political martyr. Comey confidence down
#hypocrite #nicetrynotevenclose #yourenext
Preet Bhara was fired because he refused to resign when asked, he was an Obama appointee Trump under no obligation to keep him, get over it!
He has fired way less people than Obama or Clinton did.
Just HOW are you not getting it?!  Please stop trying to normalize w false equivalents.  Firing ppl who are investigating you isn't "same".
It's a counter intelligence investigation. Not a criminal one. The FBI isn't going anywhere. They can continue whatever just fine.
So you have no idea… that's cool.
How about a special prosecutor 4 Benghazi? Clinton Foundation Fraud? H's mishandling classified emails,$400M cash sent to Iran? HYPOCRITE
yah one that will prosecute you!
Please take off your tin foil hat and bask in the sunshine of a spherical earth (it's not flat no matter what they say). Time to be am adult
make it the same prosecutor that is going to investigate Hillary Clinton. Oh wait...
Another deflection, right on schedule....
For what? All of those positions serve at the pleasure of the President.

Think again Schumer We get Obama Jarrett Hillary Huma Weiner Rhodes Brennan Lerner Lynch Holder 1st then we see if theres anything Russian
Another deflection, right on schedule....
He thinks he is still on the Apprentice. Fire whoever u want. He will wish this was all just tv when he is jail for #Treason #TrumpRussia
...such a shame he can't fire you. Seriously, how people deal with your constant whinging is beyond me. You are a such a hypocrite.
This constituent AGREES wholeheartedly!  Please keep the pressure on about this!
EXACTLY!
Why don't we just investigate everyone in Washington? Let President Trump do his job! You as well as many house Democrats wanted comey fired
Aren't special prosecutors for criminal cases?  What crime has been committed?
What did you say when Bill Clinton fired every single US Attorney, then fired the FBI director? Please tell us Mr. Senator.
I have a very special prosecutor in mind, Miss Kelly Anne Conways husband. He will do a great job and probably create peace in Syria.
@HouseDemocrats find a loophole that allows you to appoint a independent investigator for #trumpRUSSIA w/o the vote of housegop
Ever hear of the spoils system? Why would Trump keep Usama Obamas people? #MAGA
Chuck the schmuck gets schlonged by Trump
You know good& well ALL @POTUS Fire ppl when they take office! There will be NO SP it is Intelligence investigate NOT criminal! Tell TRUTH
We need to encourage the Reps to join us and make it happen.  I know they are out there but will they use their "Political Courage"?

The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!
#DrainTheSwamp 
Half of Congress wanted Comey fired now you want to complain!
Let's lock up Hilary . Get a specail prosecutor for that Chuck.
Like I said Chuck. You are real POS
We should get a special prosecutor to find out the bribes @SenSchumer took to flip on #irandeal
Please, make it happen. Trump pawn McConnell doesn't want it. How to do it????
