Reality winner. Did she take instructions from @BarackObama ???
The guy who went after Snowden? Manning? That Obama?
Get a grip. Go have a walk and a tea. 
THE SOROS GLOBALIST, ELITIST, COMMUNIST, ISLAMIC PARTY HAVE RAPED THE AMERICAN PEOPLE TO HONOR EVIL
A Muslim Ban is a Muslim Ban
DJT said, needed 90 days to review & fix vetting. Well, it's now over 100 days. If they had started in Jan, they'd be done. How important?
The constitution. If your country was in imminent danger what would u like him to do? U have all challenged his oath of office to uphold it
And I find your wording unusual. The U.S. is my country, you typed "if YOUR country"? I would have typed, if OUR country", point of view.
Not unusual at all im Canadian and hands down would trade our embarrassing walking selfie sellout for your our country first POTUS right now
Wait, & pay attention to what's happening. He, DJT isn't going to be in this position for very long. Sooner the better.
Just an FYI...9th circuit JUST today allowed the vetting to commence! This is what I said but u claimed to know...so now u really know HGD
Wrong, just checked latest news update. 9th Circuit Rejected The Appeal. DJT has lost again on travel ban. Yet another failed effort.
Read the executive order Chuck. More solutions, less rhetoric.
Trump can't do everything via executive order. He's gonna have to legislate something. And that pisses him off greatly
Nobama was king of exe orders.Did u forget already.Of course u did.Doesn't fit narrative that worst president ever legislated with exe order
At this pace trump will do more execs than Obama ever did in his 8 year term. And Obama got some bills passed in the process. Trump=no bills
When does citizenship and religious beliefs become the same thing?
  @SenSchumer @realDonaldTrump
How come he didn't mention Saudi Arabia which was home to 15 of the 19 9/11 hijackers?
Because he wanted to to ride in the golden golf cart and touch a glowing orb. #trumpgoals
MsGail
You are not worthy of licking the sweat off his ba*ls.......keep that in mind. You are nobody and he is the leader of the free world.
Get it right please,  you don't fool us anymore!
I'm going to bed, where I'm going to lie awake for an hour contemplating what insane thing @POTUS will do or say tomorrow. #sad
Same senseless shit will be here upon your return. Nighty night
Thank you Tracy, could have articulated it better.
The president is out of his league and needs to leave the job of the executive branch to the grown ups in the room.
Not ALL British citizens, IDIOT! Just British Islamic Terrorists taking advantage of our asinine visa program!
WHEN DID IT BECOME POLITICALLY CORRECT TO BETRAY THE AMERICAN PEOPLE FOR GEORGE SOROS AND HIS RADICAL GLOBALISM
NO ur being seditious, we all know what he means.  ur downfall is going 2 be u think the public is stupid.
Schumer is as ignorant as they come.
Support Israel!!!  Obama threw Israel under the bus. First US President to do that.
Does anyone in Congress get any work done these days or do we, the people,  need to ask for a refund for a lack of work you people do?
Thus revealing how the dems and liberals werent able to accomplish what a non politician can. Its purely fear
Ok chuck now you're getting on my nerves. The next attack in the U.S. all democrats are going to be arrested for aiding and abetting terror
And any repubs that agreed with allowing terrorists into the country.
no president trump means, rapists, terrorists,murderers,that is gang raping our women
Stop bending the facts to fit your view of the world. If President Trump meant religion he wouldn't  addressed 50 Muslem leaders
Twisting the facts once again.
I cant understand why jackwagons like yourself chuck want to protect everyone except americans
Trump is pro american ; chinese, african, mexican,all americans, LEGALLY here. Keep pushing your false rhetoric the lemmings will listen
He doesn't know what he means.  He is a Pea Brain.
Are you so incompetent that you can't even interpret policy.  The left is really becoming inept
You know what he means.  You lost, there's no collusion, no tapes, let him do his job.
Make  America great again!
So answer this Chuckie... Who is doing ALL THE KILLING?  It's MUSLIMS.. not a religion.  Are they Irish? Polish? German? NO  MUSLIMS!!!
Why don't you move to Britain?
You are representative of your State, your were not elected by People of the United States. keep that in mind!
Are you a psychic?  Stop implying what he means when you have no idea!
How about the #NoFlyList you said was perfect to deny #LawAbidingGunOwners their rights? Would you have a problem with that? #2A @NRA #MAGA
Boy, you can certainly confuse a talking point.   Amazing that anyone votes for you!
Islam...Oh, isn't that the religion of peace?
If France kicked out all Muslims on their terrorist list......yes ban them. Would you take them into NYC and give them privacy?
You make pretty big assumptions in reading someone else's mind. He has constitutional authority to issue travel ban for ANY reason 4 safety.
Chuckles, stop whining, obstructing, and delaying. You are HURTING the American people to serve yourself! Shameful & sickening!
The text of the E.O. does NOT reference religion!   There's shouldn't be any confusion.
They wanted 90 days to study vetting process. The court block didn't restrict doing said research. If SO critical for Nat Sec, could be done
Never said that.. Maybe EU should reconsider open boarders.
It is really sad to see Schumers hatred for Trump over shadows his love for this country Sad

Schumer no one said France or Britain You must desperate to hide your Russian relationship $$$$$$$
God help us. I believe in you and pray your words get through.
You are a cracked egg. Stick to the facts. Let's allow all the refugees into America without vetting. You have a gun go get um Chuck.
Also what Trump is doing is destroying your tourist economy, so more job losses. Just look at Trump hotels laying staff off.
Dear Chuck, As a British citizen I would not want to set foot in your country right now. It would feel like entering Nazi Germany.
Actually, a key problem is these people return to the Middle East for training & radicalization.  Travel ban could slow that progression.
You didn't say that when Obama or other presidents did it ..why now.. because your an obstructionist.DEMOCRATS MAKE ME SICK
Pfff liberal lies again
You're not listening, again!
Blah blah
@POTUS has COMPLETELY gone off the edge! #IMPEACHTRUMP!!
Blah blah blah
You people are so hateful he wants to keep us safe there are countries where you can't vet people. It has nothing to do with religion
#clueless Chuck. We'll see what SCOTUS thinks very shortly.
@realDonaldTrump really doesn't know what he wants
What is your answer to making Americans safe?  Oh, you just want potential Democratic voters.  So self serving, @SenSchumer
we are so sick of you Senator. A radical segment of MUSLIMS want to kill infidels,banning them isn't discrimination !
Was Chucky absent the day they passed out brains? #AmericaFirst
Sorry chuck don't see anyone but Muslims beheading people! I don't care where they come from!u don't like it go to Syria and talk 2ISIS!
He doesn't know cause he just doesn't understand
Stop taking everything out of context. Be anAmerican.
You leftist Libs will NEVER "get it". We DON"T WANT TERRORISTS COMING TO AMERICA, PERIOD!
Not very educated v Hillary a question u wouldn't be asking-
Chuck, by fighting against #potus u r showing support for an unsafe America. That's what America sees.
Needs to BAN you!!
No,Trump means countries-----same countries singled out by Obama as trouble spots. Dr. Gorka said if ban by religion Y not select Indonesia?
I've always wondered that myself.
He does not know what he means. Ask Bannon.
I think he means the 20,000 Scotland Yard suspected terrorists that the UK took into her borders. Do you think we should do the same?
Just all people who do not want to be American!  Makes Sense dumb dumb!




@ChuckShumer wish we could ban you
I support our President  Trump
It's not a travel ban it's an extreme vetting before Londonderry happens to us butt hole
You are so full of BS. and lies
nooo..religious persecution would be threatening to deport a german family because they choose to homeschool their children...
No Chuck Countries means countries. Use that college education and do your fkn job.
NO he doesnt Chuck  dont you understand English????
Don't think so, little Chuckie.
How would you handle the terrorist attacks?


I'd love to add ignorant NY Senators to the ban.
U stink!!! Why don't you lie some more Schumer!!
Stop making things up. Work with this president. You will be voted out of office if you do not.
only disappt & embarrasment to American ppl is u & the dem party, Mr Schumer.  Go away & take ur cronies w/ u!
Mr Senator...PLEASE be quiet! We don't listen to those in gov who don't want America to succeed You have proven yourself to be a traitor sir
This is just a stupid statement. Quit playing dumb when you know what he means.
Why won't The Republicans stand up to him? We are the laughing stock around the world and they just stand by. Paul R.

How many retweets can I get on this #kathygriffin #cryinglikeabitch bead beanie I designed #MAGA #Trump #democrat #republican #usa #joke  
How can dems see this tweet and take this man for real. Do you really want to be part of that. If tweet makes sense to you get a brain scan
No he doesn't mean religion and YOU KNOW IT. Why aren't ALL Muslim countries banned? How long are you gonna LIE to the people, loser?
Poor Sen Schumer.  It is hard to be sarcastic when we all know how intellectually challenged and uninformed he is.
Of the USA other than rant, rave and OBSTRUCT !!!! And Trump's son...you are just MEAN SPIRITED.
doubtful. Of course ur the one that got an imm a visa after being turned down & then u let him molest a 12 yr old girl and u did not flinch
When will you lefties get it. It's not religion or banning everyone. He is trying to keep criminals out of our country, to keep America safe
Keep up the good work with the propaganda I'm sure someone who's uneducated will believe u
Thank you, Mr. Schumer
Countries with largest Muslim populations are not in the ban.
Why are you always instigating trouble. Work for unity
He's lost what few brains were left in that orange head.
Who knows.  He is not all there mentally.  It depends on what mood he is in or who has insulted him lately.
I'm beyond caring anymore. Congress/justice cannot rein him, he gets more outrageous daily, I'm officially at Zero Fucks Given status.
If I were King I would tell ppl up front if they go to those countries n want to come back, they won't be allowed. UK needs to do that.
The people who shd be watched are citizens who travel to Syria, Afghan and other terrorist areas and then come back.
No Chuckles, he means countries. Isnt that what he wrote?
sissy!
He doesn't
'T even know depends on the day he forget what he tweets
get off your high horse and get something done for us- the American people. Yu work for us!!!!!!
Get a grip Chucky you know that's not what he saying your president Obama did it and it was perfectly fine we need to keep this country safe
Yes, he's a racist! Mr Schumer, how long before he's found to be unfit? He's destroying our country!
How's he destroying our country when jobs are up stock market is up veterans are being helped and so much more. He's fixing our country!
HEY CHUCKIE, It's a "TRAVEL BAN" always has been! How about QUIT trying to stir the pot! You are a straight up "Shit Stirrer"
quit being a smartass chuckles if u know everything get over there and fight isis or  just shut up
U R such an evil obstructionist @SenSchumer 
how is extreme vetting a bad thing?
Your stupidity act is getting old...
You know it!
Your tolerance is your ignorance.  Wake up before you bring this hatred to our shores.
Chuck, just retire,  you are seriously making yourself look more and more like a idoit.
Get him OUT of here!
NO he means KEEP AMERICA SAFE, something U HYPOCRITES in democrat party don't want to do by your actions in not wanting immigrants vetted.
You know what he means stop playing games with the American Lives and do your job!!! PC must end!
Yes and anyone who openly disagrees with him.
Well that's a moron statement when he won he invited every person that he had problems with to come and talk to him he even gave them jobs
You know exactly what President Trump wants: WAR ON EVIL. You are intently hurting the American people's agenda delegated to President Trump
Time to Retire Chuckles            TERM LIMITS
ML, you have finally lost it. Who ever writes your tweets should lose the privilege. Makes you really stupid. Well, maybe the real you
Who knows Chuck? He's a few tacos short of a combo plate
Stop this nonesense. You and  your democratsenators  are  the problem  of American citizens. Just  shutup, enough of this   bull crap
Running scared Chuck.  People finally are seeing through your lies and tactics. Come up with some concrete policies to run on in 2018!
Are we to ignore the fact that much of the violence, murder, and mayhem in the world is perpetrated by adherents to one particular religion?
More lies by you Chuck Schumer. Your Propaganda  is worse then USSR & Red China.! Resign for the good of the country! Behavior, treasonous!
SERIOUSLY Sen. Schumer , must YOU continue to spread lies. That is BELOW You.
Chuck Schumer Super Dick!
So trump maybe wants to isolate US. No one can come or leave?  Dictatorship anyone. US WILL HURT SOON, no one wants to even visit.
Good one.
Senator Schumer playing dumb, catering to the ill informed, for the sake of partisan politics.
What did he say morion..YOU ARE KILLING AMERICA WITH YOUR TERRORIST ACTIONS. You do not belong on Capitol hill!
You create more problems and it looks like you are more concerned about making President look bad then caring about the safety of Americans!

FOR SURE HE MEANS RELIGION!  100% OF ISLAMIC TERROR ATTACKS R BY MUSLIMS! SO WHAT'S UR PROBLEM CHUCKY? AT LEAST OUR PRES. HAS SOME BALLS!
Get real Chuck.... it is a "temporary" travel ban of 90 days  to improve vetting! Learn your job or retire !  President Trump a great job !
