I am so happy to see u spending My tax dollars on Illegals in Our http://Country.You  are the poster boy for term limits
? They contribute too in many ways so
They contribute more in tax dollars than TreasonTrump does....they contribute billions a year. THEY are no the enemy, 45 is a traitor
Where do you find your facts? Cracker Jack Box?
Trump pays millions in taxes. Dreamers pay billions.
$25 billion flowed last year from the pockets of Mexicans.almost all of it from the U.S even higher than Mexico earns from its oil exports.
? flowed to where? Mexico? Are you mad because they send their money to their relatives in Mexico? They just had 2 earthquakes! Chill 
What does that have to do with the Billions sent to Mexico from illegal aliens every yr.?  an awful lot of money for people who pay TAXES
How come you Aren't on Obama care if it was so Great?
U liberals live behind huge walls and we the people voted for Trump to end this madness! I've watched illegal immigration now for 40 years!
They should feel afraid. Just as I would if I were an illegal in another country.

I don't defend Trump nor did I vote for the man. I do defend our constitution and the laws we live under. Respectfully a logical thinker!
Many have started businesses and created jobs a lot of went to collage and gotten good paying careers.
I can't afford my deductible on a simple outpatient medical procedure and you want to give these fruitloops free books on how 2 deal ... 
Fruit loops? Lol ..You still won’t be able to afford it regardless. Fuck does immigration have to do w your medical expenses?
Illegals have better insurance than the American middle working classAnd it's FREE
Better insurance?! . Please, DACA is NOT QUALIFIED for ANY American benefits ! Please, educate yourself
No,you need 2 educate yourself, ignoramusKeyword:IllegalsCall your local social services and askStates vary but they offer benefits
False that is a federal mandate that illegals do not qualify
Well then my Aunt who has been working for SS for 30+ years must be lying to meNOT
Would #DACA solve violence in Mexico so parents wouldnt have 2 bring kids here illegally in the future?If violence exists wouldn't illegals?

Deport
Tell them to go home and I bet all will be good. Quit giving them America for free. You are a traitor!!
So mentally ill that they stole social security numbers? DEPORT!
Haha, you are a #SpaghettiSpine! An epic failure and a blemish on America! Get back in your circus tent you clown!

#NationalEmbarrassment
DACA is illegal peroid !!!  end them back and apply for citizenship @ the back of the line
"Feelings, nothing more than feelings."
Oh my gosh. Are you serious? How long do you plan to coddle adults? People need to get tough, stop whining.  I'm a citizen, life isn't easy!
You are ruining the US with your greedy power grabs. You care nothing for what you have done to American citizens.
What is wrong with this generation needing safe spaces, we seem to be raising SNOFLAKES that can't cope.
If only you guys fought as hard for the American people!!
Legal immigrants made this a great nation!
Really? No wonder dreamers are turning on you. You call them mentally ill now.
Are you fucking kidding me.... this is repulsive coming from a ALLEGED SENATOR.
Get the #DreamAct passed!

The more you foolishly pander, the more I see the reason to stop DACA.
Try caring for Americans for a change.
How about a deportation toolkit?
Perhaps if they'd taken the time to become citizens, they wouldn't need mental health kits.
The Dream Act will be the only path to citizenship that they have once it is passed
What kind of "tool kit" do you have for those of us footing the bill Chuck? #TermLimits
Can't believe you propagate this crap and call yourself a Senator of the United States representing American Citizens. Move to Mexico.
Schumer, is there anything else you can give dreamers for free? Have you ever heard of less and maybe they'll go home on their own.
THAT'S NOT WHAT YOU SAID IN THIS VIDEO
.@SenSchumer vs. .@SenSchumer the next time someone says .@realDonaldTrump is racist show them this 
Why aren't the Democrats fighting for what the American citizens want
Schumer&the rest of his corrupt buddies r more worried bout  illegals&their rights than US citizensThe Dems r trying2build their voterbase
oh Stop i have no sympathy for these adults an neither do you it is all about the votes.stop exploiting them
Enough with the safe zones!  They found out that you & Nancy sold them down the Rio Grande.  This is the true temperament of DACA.
That's right just keep feeding the little snowflakes your lies.
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled he don't care about American people
dont care
You can't honestly believe this BS. They let Pulosi know how THEY feel. Does that kit include a safe space and a blanky?
Does it come with safety pins?
Chuck, your mental.  America has enough challenges your obstructing. Stop helping foreigners for their votes.
1.  @realDonaldTrump could use a million of these when it comes russia but, senator i have a desperate favor to ask...
PLEASE introduce a bill to limit @realDonaldTrump ability to independently launch nuclear weapons.  We cant have genocide on our hands
If the ACA gets repealed, this toolkit may be the only mental health care that some of us get!  #CallWriteFight
all this right wing activity happened right after you reached agreement on the debt ceiling, how come you guys didn't see that coming?
Do you also have handy tool kits for actual U.S. citizens who are in violation of the law or do we only fund for illegal aliens?
Senator, what do legal immigrants backlogged for a decade do? They don't have any respite. They followed the law.
Dream Act Inexplicably Excludes Legal Immigrant Dreamers, Requires Applicants Violate the Law  https://www.cato.org/blog/dream-act-inexplicably-excludes-legal-immigrant-dreamers … via @CatoInstitute
All of that will NOT happen. Americans feeling success and change. Dems party full of BS and clowns forcing fake tears and lies for votes.
I hope that toolkit is portable so they can take it with them when they're deported.
Creating as much revenue as they do for this country the DACAS won't be going anywhere
They cost taxpayers too much money. Silly girl, believing the blatant lies of MSM.
They themselves are tax payers and file taxes every year. I believe what I see and live every day. They are = 2 me except for citizenship
They get free high school education but not the others. I see it for myself every day.
Awwww....poor things. Breaking the law has consequences. Unless you are a democrat. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP
Let's take care of,Americans you were hired by chuck
How about my anxiety having my pain pills cut back while living in chronic pain? I am an American citizen!!
You and Bam left the DACAs hanging
When all you can do is lie you just lie some more truth is not in you Schumer
Congressional supporters of DACA should not self-medicate with alcohol while Tweeting.
? Preference
Well shut up and start producing a bill to get s vote on for the dreamers. Give them citizenship with honorable full term in our military
Please give a thought to anxiety faced by legal dreamers @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer
You need mental health care
What about American citizens u pandering political hack leader of the KKK racist bigot party
I was told that I could keep my health insurance  if I wanted.   Well the ACA you passed said different.   You lied to me once.
So ridiculous....  Chuck !
How about taking care of the real,  legal residents? Schumer,  you're an effing bleeding heart liberal.
So you agree with a site that calls Democrats Racists, White Supremacists and Terrorists.

Took you long enough to come out of the closet!
The entire country, those who have possession of all their faculties, are too Chuck.
I see most of these replies don't fall into 5hat category. Carry on.
If they're that fragile send them back.
Chuck, hopefully you realize that DACA recipients are NOT your constituents. Just sayin'.
This is how you help, Senator? By sending these people to a website telling them they're under attack by the United States president?
What about the voting Americans feeling anxious & afraid because u ignore our children for others??
Go home then.  Stop stealing votes from citizens in this country.
toolkit says:our community under attack by Trump’s administration,racist lawmakers,white supremacists who terrorize families:   CHUCK 
A vote on a CLEAN #dreamact would help more.
The best way for them to stay calm is to acknowledge their status as illegal aliens and either deport or turn themselves in to ICE.
Take care of those snowflakes because they can't take care of themselves
Oh Schumck

Hey let's have the DACA people levbuild the wall to earn their citizenship
Send USA illegals to Mexico to help their fellow citizens & to help rebuild.
Is this a serious tweet or am I reading satire ??? Good God Chuckie !
Never mind the anxious feelings and frustrations felt by US citizens because what you're saying is WE don't matter. You suck, Chuck!
@Alanis This is ironic because HE's crazy.
Dear @POTUS This is who u r dealing with. The Dems would rather placate illegals' anxiousness than take care of our beloved VETS mental care
It's not one or the other.. calm down lady Stark.
Have you people lost your ever loving minds?
The night Crooked @HillaryClinton lost.
@SenSchumer you are absolutely ridiculous. Some of these people actually believe you are sincere...
Perhaps you should hand out a kit to all of your constituents, to be used for the duration of your time in office.
Yea they don't never talk about the ones who came by plane and over stayed! We know what this is really about
Psst. They have to go, too. 
DREAMERS behaving like antifa and BLM thugs makes them more visible. We've not forgotten the visa overstays. 
We cannot afford them at expense of our citizens! Send them home
Are
You
Fucking
Kidding
Me!!!??
They aren't CHUCK.  Stop making up shit all the time.
Self care? Get to work Mr. Schumer. I'm holding you accountable.
Chuck have tried said tool kit? No apparent change in your disposition.
They should be afraid, be very afraid. 63 million American citizens feel betrayed by congress
was not too impressed with the rude assholes who cut off Pelosi . Not just "kids"
They should have entered legally! Therefore this is the consequence. How many can speak english. Not many i bet you!
They were brought abt the age of 6 and grew up in the USA. They all speak English and if the Dream Act passes will need English for the exam

WE WANT #LEGALIMMIGRATION #DACA IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL.  YOU TOOK AN OATH TO SEAL OUR BORDERS FROM FOREIGN/DOMESTIC THREATS.
En espanol?
We are anxiously awaiting you getting the hell out of the way. Too bad bad you are not teasing about your comments
I'm sure this will be helpful when Trump throws DACA recipients into Session's profit prisons. Do better, Democrats.

Can I have a tool kit to take apart what's left of the DNC?

Are you shedding a few PHONY tears yet Chuckles?
I'm more anxious for the 6.5 million Americans being fined because they can't afford the insane price of obamacare insurance.
trump style of whatever he thinks he is doing, so unstable, one minute yes, next minute no, next maybe, is insane. Keep anxiety too high
Then go back to your corner and cry. We'll call you in 8 yrs
Do you have one of these toolkits for Americans working to pay for the dreamers? Just asking
#DreamersAreSchemers
DACA recipients should be afraid. They either follow the law like Obama said or get out. You sir are aiding and abetting criminals. Ethics
#Pelosi #DACArecipients that have been upright should receive their citizenshipHowever,the flood of #illegals entering the US should STOP
I agree with you 100%. My DACA says they can build the wall if they want as long as he doesn't have 2 leave & even use his fee money 4 it.
So now anyone who wants legal immigration is a racist, white supremacist? You were elected by the taxpayers of N.Y. not the illegals!
There ya go Chuckles... Create a safe space
You have to be kidding. Pass the bill in 3mos. Protect the borders and help to maker sense of our immag.prgm. Stop fishing for votes
@POTUS @foxnews Cry me a river chucky boy,wants American Taxpayers to give more free stuff to illegals! Libtards:screw Americans
Deport them all
You are a fool. Many are anxious and afraid of you, your friends, and your dangerous ideas. Please create a toolkit for the rest of us.
Are you making an excuse for this behavior?
The DACA receivers are going about their protesting in a bad way.  Demanding we keep them does not make me want them here.
I can't believe the touchy/feely left. All this DACA illegals caring while forgetting Americans. Then you fear monger to Americans, sick!
Guess you didn't happen to notice the vultures swarming @NancyPelosi #BONAPPETIT DEMOCRATS =ILLEGALS "BITE THE HAND THAT FEEDS THEM" 
Chardonnay and alternate nostril breathing
You rob them of their dignity, trust, families and homes!!  You think you personally could stand for this treatment?! I think not. SAD
You. Must. Be. Kidding???!!!!!! You threaten them with deportation, turning their world upside down, then you offer self help books? WRONG!!
Why don't you just once tell the truth.. It's ALL ABOUT VOTES!!
What about all the vets who died waiting for healthcare any help for there families Chucky boy
Amazing how liberal socialists only take care of people they think will vote for them, then dump them until next election
Oh poor babies
the labor glut called illegals needs deported
See hear we go Willy nilly with our tax money!
This is what you created...

They would apply if they were able and the Dream Act will give them the ability to earn their citizenship
Absurd - you are so dense
What about Americans whose parents followed the law? What about us?
What about you? Speak to your parents. Get to work & get off Twitter. Too many ppl looking to be saved & sympathy.
Glad to see you're standing behind illegals vs. Actual americans. We need more people like you. (Sarcasm )
They are here illegally and you pay for thre mental health ?
I think we are all feeling anxious and afraid. Do you have a kit for the rest of us?
Are we paying for these kits? Why?
It's a website with information. Nobody is paying for it.
Much better, thanks
Seriously?
Self care should be to buy a ticket home.
You have got to be kidding DR. schemer.  Build them a safe space on the southern side Trumps wall!
Thank you, this is absolutely amazing.
You find it amazing to be exploited by a greedy politician? Stop and think about it for a bit...
Two weeks and you still have not done anything in congress. Gonna blame Trump for that???
Now undocumented illegal alien democrat snowflakes need a safe space?  #Insanity
You need mental care
They probably are working for Chuck and Pelosi.
Lol right just like how they went off on @NancyPelosi yesterday. I give nancy credit of staying cool. But i would not be supporting deca now
Always defending them.  Liar liar.  If the shoe fits.  Always get what you pay for
Well they should head to mexico and help out .That earthquake just f#cked some s#it up.
Chuck what about working single mothers trying to afford ACA or get a penalty . You never , ever mention or concerned about the citizens .
The best mental health kit is come legally

Really Chuck? How about we eviscerate the GOP over removing our healthcare. Go for the jugular. None of them have a heart.
Everyone has good and bad in them, cause everyone has a heart
Why would they remove our healthcare yet keep their own very good coverage? No one with a heart would do this.
I wish I had your outlook
My outlook is same kind of healthcare as in Canada, Sweden, Norway. Universal healthcare?
I would love that! Most Americans would love that. 
No chance with GOP.
Something's got to be! I thought it might be possible. Will there be a referendum on it? Take it to the People for examination..
The GOP seems intent on passing #GrahamCassidyBill and rejecting input on other options.
They have until Sept 30 to pass it, and not all Rep senators are in favor of it
2 years Dems controlled house n senate under Obama and FAILED immigration reform for DACA. POTUS Trump following the law, ball in your court
Chuck, have you no shame? Remember the old "rule of law?" Chuck, shameful vote pandering for DACA votes is embarrassing..but you don't care!
Just one more Freebee the Dems dream up to get VOTES ! Chuckels, how did your decedents come to America? Over a wall or across a river?
DO something NOW instead of giving us care toolkits
Chuck can't do anything. You should be upset. You should be angry.
You are fucking kidding me!? I'm anxious and afraid because of your tolerance of god damn psycho illegals.
Aww you always ready to help illegals never for your constituents who voted for you better hope they are stupid and don't figure that out
You are a slobbering panderer of the highest order.
Practice self care are you kidding me. Suck it up and get yourself together and become a citizen. You chuckle are an enabler.
Yeah. It is called. The Bible. Pope Francis wrote the best version yet.
Reassure the DACA children that the rest of us are feeling the same way.
They didn't look afraid yesterday with Nancy Bahahaha
Nancy understands why they made the demonstration they did
need one for the democraps like Senator Dumb Ass, and Turban Durbin
Watch it Chuckie u r helping some very ungrateful ppl. I'm sure u saw what they did 2 old lady Pelosi. Ur next Charles.
Maybe if someone takes a few more videos of them cursing the USA and flipping the bird it will relieve their stress.
My sincere apology to Nancy what those demonstrators did yesterday is uncalled, they hurt us more than help us. Please Chuck help dreamers!
Dreamers aren't bargaining chips. They have every right to be mad at everyone treating them that way.
OMG! What?
You want to ease their anxiety?  Guarantee the  can be made for them. It is up to you Chuck.  Pres Trump put it in your court
MayB Chuckles YOU & Nancy Pelosi can take them home with you 4 some RR!! Then U can take down that security wall & gate around your property
So Chuck here agrees with this publication saying he's surrounded by racist lawmakers.  Really?
Way to work across the isle.
Chucky you're a great judge of Mental Health having hired the weiner as your Chief aide.
Oh save us from Nanny Schumer
They're worried congress won't do their job Chuck.
I thought they wasn't getting money from government
Deport them all and then they won't feel anxious
You should be concentrating on killing this health care bill!!
Do you have one of these toolkits for those of us about to lose our health insurance?
Help them more by acting in Congress.
