Mr. Comey testifying; White House turning over relevant “tapes” & transcripts to Congress; & selection of an ind, impartial FBI Director.
Schumer has done absolutely nothing since nov 8th
Yes he has!  He's screamed, cried, ranted & raved that his party didn't win. And he's trying to sabotage @potus. He's been a busy bee! #MAGA

mo taoes about 2000 convention signatures. Ask.Michael Steele Trump should tBlack owner SELL. My land QUIT claim DEEDS no. Pay
YOU were part of the treasonous bunch cheering Senator Ted Kennedy, who asked the Soviets to interfere with 1984 US presidential election.
Maybe now finally we can find out who killed #Sethrich in the #DNC for leaking emails to #WIKILEAKS .  Real Russia probe. #SethRichCoverUp
what about. Mosley marijuana delivery
D. E. A Poughkeepsie PhD legal serviceJerry Brown. Calif
Lost millions U S REVENUE PLANNER
Really Now? So recuse does not apply to everyone? Chuckie, Americans see right through this. Unethical Chuckie
1994 NAFTA. 2000. 15 year. Time. Released REVENUE maintenance. Plan. Ron Brown sect. China company. McDonalds. Bejiing  no SSA
HUD. 575,000
Owner held mortgages 50/new OFFICES. Holding STATES violated USA stock revenue. Malfeasance
No collusion, no obstruction no nothing BURGER. Accept our POTUS. Dems are going be sorry in 2018 elections
An investigation when no crime was committed is like placing tape on a cat's tail. Have fun going in circles, Chuckles.#Tucker
Politicians are lying about Russia to avoid the biggest political scandal in US history #SethRichCoverUp #SethRich #DNC
Chuck is a dirty politician waiting for the special prosecutor to sic on him
You don't know dirty until you see Trump for what he really is.
You don't know what dirty is until you see the trail of dead bodies following the Democrats around. Seth Rich
Why are you not co-sponsoring S. 27, Cardin's bill to establish an Independent Commission? I was surprised not to see your name...
I noticed this also but was assuming some tactical reason to do with his position?  Contacting other senators to get their support.
The greatest threat to democracy and our constitution is Schumer and his ilk.
Drinking the koolaid
The koolaid is reserved for DemocRats, lemmings and Snowflakes.

why. O surveillance info reported total domination 360 ,CORP taken over  Factorys LOSS. Gap insurance. Fraud NYSE. RAS
You need to be investigated
Where was the special prosecutor for Hillary's emails or giving away 20% of our Uranium to the Russians?! You and the dem party are our ...

Carefull what you ask for, remember your a New York machine vote fixer graft taker, like Mario
Horseshit. Investigate Hillary. Rice, Obamas's nom de gueere he used 2 access the server,Unmasking, leaks,UR collusion with Russian doaners
Congrats: The liberals have done in the circus. Instead, take your child to a march where you can see your fav liberal say F u Prez.
Mr Mueller is being closely watched.   We saw your picture Chuck eating Krispy Kreme w/ Putin. My friends have indecent health Care due frau
Check out @Liz_Wheeler's Tweet: https://twitter.com/Liz_Wheeler/status/865699164851552256?s=09 …  Liz Wheeler is one of my favorite. This is amazingly FUNNY!
We finally have proof of inappropriate financial dealings with Russia. 
This has Nothing to do with Russia ....Just a Bad case of Sour Grapes!
Yes, great 1st step until it does not support your undying resentment at having lost the election. I voted for Hillary. We need Plan B now.
What about Seth Rich???
Why does our President go to a Muslim country to get respect that democrats cannot give him?Shameful! Democrats=resist, lie, obstruct, deny!
Let him also investigate @DNC leaks that ousted @SenSanders along with @DWStweets #conspiracy
AND JUST WHAT CRIME WAS VERIFIED AS COMMITTED THAT WOULD ALLOW A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR ?
There was a presidential candidate that allowed Russia to get a lot of U.S. Uranium.  I think you should look into it.
Too bad you didn't listen to civil libertarian, scholar, prominent lawyer (and Democrat), Alan Dershowitz who said there is NO crime here!
If the Russia investigation proves there was no interference - nothing will you do the honorable thing and resign?
Quite a platform you liberals have. "Get Trump", that's the ticket. A ticket to nowhere.
Why does a POTUS that lies,is corrupt and mentally unhinged allowed to continue as such? 25th amendment..this should be initiated.
Leaked Documents Reveal Chuck Schumer As Most Corrupt Politician in History of USA – The Washington ...WORSE THAN BOSS TWEED?
Sen schumer , don't u get it..... u trying to derail our president makes u look worse than you already do.
Schemer is the problem. Drain the swamp!
Correct these things need to happen, Democrats get out-of-the-way, so Trump can fix the country
You make me sick!!!
Russia has got what they paid for:.... inept buffoon
Will you flip flop on this when there is nothing there.
Speaking of solid ground, despite @SenFeinstein saying there's no evidence here's video proof that the Russians made @HillaryClinton lose!
Horrible that democrats would rather see people die than see Trump succeed. They will do anything to destroy America.
Fake event. There's nothing to find and you know it. Don't you think it's past time to end the charade? Have you no decency sir?
What crime is charged
Let it go already
So you didn't trust the FBI to do a proper investigation? Are you really saying that, Mr Partisan? Yes, yes you are.
you have fake hair, fake man.
How about investing ur beloved hillary & hubby ties to Russia Did they return all the money received Did they even pay $1 of tax Hypocrite
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS we are not a divided country , we are a country united against DT and united in protecting our Democracy.
Chuck - Getting back on solid ground ? YOU don't trust the Dems on the Senate intelligence committee? Is it Adam Schiff or Dianne Feinstein?
There is no solid ground!
No evidence..... no proof..... just a bunch ego driven Dems and a fake news story!
Be careful what u wish for! Russia is made up story! But Hillary Clinton had some dirty dealings im sure! Dems gonna have egg on thier face!
Mueller is leaving a firm where clients include Ivanka, Kushner and Manafort.
glad you said first step
Thank you Mr.Schumer for your insistance to get the special counsel! We will be patient and await the outcome however, continue w/oversight!
Who's footing the fucking bill  for this witch hunt ..Chuckie
Ya you need to accept the facts u lost Americans  spoke, you need to listen
It's nt just abt collusion. Trump shld be removed 4 his past business corruption alone, whch is massive. http://TSanMisc.com 
There is not proof but you have all the proof you need to put Hillary, Obama and Lynch on trial but you are a coward. Do your job.
After Comey is indicted for purjery under oath then you can start to investigate HRC, BHO, and yourself for leaking classified intel...
...2018 won't get here soon enough
Give an inch, take a mile.  There is no satisfying liberals, they are simply not rational thinkers by nature.
Obama freed the he/she soldier that committed treason, traded Bo 4 terriorists & U want the USA 2 worry @realDonaldTrump had lunch w/Putin?
I pray this haunts you forever.I pray you Pelosi  Waters and Green all live to regret this. We elected him fair and square. U sicken me
Clinton was corrupt 4 years, even attempted 2 hide info about deaths of Americans, yet u want 2 accuse @realDonaldTrump with zero evidence
Great waste more tax payers money 
That would be nice, however Muller didn't disclose the government involvement in 911. This will be another Warren/911 Cover up!
This Russian thing is just smoke being blown up everybody's ass because the @TheDemocrats have nothing to do & or have something to hide.
I am almost embarrassed 4 U. Ur hate is blinding U, because U have 2 be smarter than U are acting lately. U & a handful of others R pathetic
you know there is no evidence of collusion.  You put party over country.  You do nothing to help the average american citizen!
Finally a substantive tweet
You are one of the reasons why we need term limits you're not working for the country you're working for your own self
It's been 15 months of 4 investigations and not one piece of evidence that Democrats have presented you need to step down

Where were you on the IRS scandal, Fast & Furious, Benghazi... could have used a Special Council there.. #hypocrisy #partisan
VOTE SCHUMER OUT HE IS NOTHING BUT AN OBSTRUCTIONIST LIAR DRAIN THE SWAMP MAKE NEW YORK GREAT AGAIN
Yes these things need to happen:
Step 1 No damning evidence is found
Step 2 All crazy dems realize they are wasting Americas time.
Good. Once Mueller says there is nothing will you guys let Trump do his job?
Chucky what do you know except tear our country great job Chucky hope some of you dems are disgusted as we are next election will show
CORRECTION: NOT back on track, but Schumer foot in mouth?
Chuck, you demanded this special investigation. I challenge you that if they find no "real" evidence, you pay the cost out of your pocket!
Thank you Senator. Glad you are on the side of right. History will remember you more than just kindly.
America knows there is nothing there. Your only goal is control Congress, stall & impeach. GOD sees all & has determined the outcome.
Schumer How about your corrupt Pathologocal serial liar, destroyer of evidence, accepted millions & from RussiaHRC?
Lookit all the bots here!  Poor things are short-circuiting!  #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
@AppSame 
Chuck &#DNC ASSume #Mueller Skips Over #Hillary #DNCLeaks,#Emails #Wikileaks @DWStweets #DNCLawsuit #SethRich #Weiner @clintonfdn
bullsht
All democrats grandstanding for their unhinged base adding to the MASS LIBERAL HYSTERIA. Your base is just getting off on this. No lives
Hiring anyone whom Mr Trump can fire at will is meaningless. Getting anyone in there who's funding can be stopped at Trumps whim won't help
I can't believe this is taking so long and costing so much! This investigation needs to speed up&come to a final conclusion.
You demorats love spending taxpayer money!!
When will you insist that HC be investigated?
There is no Russia.... no evidence. Where have you been....You and Maxine Waters need to retire. We will help you in 2018...
Hey , how about a special prosecutor for Seth Rich ...
tax reform health care need to happen. Things that effect everyday people. Don't care about Russia. Ask for a refund for Hilary!
Oh for fucks sake! What are the other steps you're thinking up???
Oh.....Chickie Schumer.
We need to have you and pelosi impeached by congress for obstructing executive orders.
U only like him because he is a comey insider connection
This investigation will not be fair.  You have a personal hatred vendetta against Our President. Why don't you work constructively for USA.
How about you get him to look into something you ignored while he is at it. All the real laws that Hillary broke.
Mr Schumer why haven't you requested an investigation into Hillary Clinton giving China secret military intel?
Mr Schumer why haven't you requested an investigation into Hillary Clinton giving away 20% of US uranium to Putin as SOS?
Hopefully this situation can be remedied one way or the other! Thank you!
Im glad your happy. Now start working with President Trump to fix our problems...trade deficit, jobs, gangs, illegal alien criminals.
There is no evidence Charles.
And wait until he reveals that Obama was somehow involved. Then what
Right Chuckie. Then if you don't agree with his findings, you will flip on him like you did with Comey. Your a poster child for #termlimits
No worries Chuck, in September things will come up empty, not going to drag this out till 18...No chance! No case, no crime..just Chuck
Can we request someone to investigate you!
Now Chuck Schumer is demanding no replacement for Comey be confirmed until an independent counsel is appointed. IT BACKFIRED, SHMUCK!
Get off the non real stuff and get started on some real care for your people!!!
What are you going to complain about next. The Color of Trumps socks
You say that now, but if he decides there is no collusion...you will be first to cry foul!  You real intentions are so transparent!
The cover ups and the Trump Russia scandal is 100% real and this is not a hoax nor is it a witch hunt coming from Trump's non-beliefs.
Watch out America Mueller may be in DNC pocket. Found out he delivered uranium to Russia for HILLARY and Obama.
There's no turning back now, the Trump/Russia investigation is still alive and therefore we cannot remain silent anymore we must go forward.
How about investigating death of DNC leaker Seth Rich, shot in the back! Why aren't you screaming for an investigation?
Great! And I hope that when Mr Mueller finds nothing you will stop attacking our President! @POTUS #MAGA
Not happening. Sorry you can't see the truth. Why is that???
Takes the wind out of your sails Chucky. Investigation will include unmasking and spying on Americans and finding leakers.
Ass puckering yet chucky. They will find YOUR involvement in obstruction and collusion with Russia.
Utter waste of time, I hope the voters remember this Chuck......
Never happy!
The other thing that has to happen is getting chucky out of office
You resigning would be a greater step.

...and when @realDonaldTrump is exonerated will you feel the same way?
I hope Mr. Mueller starts w/ the Seith Rich investigation teh DC Police are avoiding like the plague; it is where the DNC leaks were from
Instead of this BS at the moment shouldn't you be more worried about the crowd of people that was plowed down by a speeding car in NY ?
Or is it that you know that it was yet another illegal who did it & you are just using this bS as a distraction
What has the Senate Intel Commitee come up with.....NOTHING!!!
Mueller is authorized to prosecute all parties involved,including Clinton.
@SenSchumer won't stop at nothing short of destroying the country. Just following Obama's game plan.

#WeThePeople 
Be careful what you wish for 
They need to investigate you, Pelosi, Warren & soros for treason and conspiring to overthrow president as well as the illegal payoffs
Hillary is probably scared the truth will come out.
First on that list should read: 
Chuck Schumer needs psychiatric evaluation. #MAGA
Again obstruction for Trump.  You are about spending taxpayer dollars in nonsense.  I can't wait to see you out of congress.
Thats right Chuck lets put the lies to bed!! How many already said no collusion found so lets hear it one more time!! #Termlimits
you continue to be an idiot, Shmuck Schumer
Agree. Let's put this behind us so we can get to work on real issues before us.
You are do silly I have to laugh.
When he clears Trump and his campaign of any wrongdoing, are you going to accuse Mueller of working for the Russians?
Wild Goose Chase - Face it Crooked Hillary loss.. You should of put up a better candidate that could have beaten pedestrian Donald Trump 
So we can put all these delusional conclusions behind us.senator this is not doing your constituents any favors leading wrong direction
How can u sit there & act like you care about whatsbest for America? You could care less about us. You are a liar & despicable humanbean
We'll watch you to find out how long it takes for you to turn against him. He will find out its Democrats clouding with RUSSIA. PHONY
