Is that the same report that puts Obama care over the cliff. Neither option is a good one. Let the free market handle health insurance.
The free market will again make health insurance unaffordable. As a self-employed single parent it was unaffordable for me. Single payer!
Single payer will look like the VA hospital. Fed gov run healthcare. No thanks. I don't want fed gov running my health insurance.
You'd rather have insurance companies managing your healthcare?
I would rather have a free market. Across state lines. True free market. Yes
And I wouldn't. Just shows we have different perspectives. My Canadian friends love their Medicare. Also my German, French, Brits.
Then move there. Nothing in the constution that allows our fed gov to get involved with healthcare.
I predicted this would be your response.
Senator, We pay more for less now. So what exactly will no CSR change, and why is the cost of my care tied to it?
#democrats need to come up wit a plan to improve AHCA. if you go in wit a plan like BAM! here is how we fix it then debate is over do it!!!
ACA is a DEM only bill that was to "fix" health insurance? You mean that ONE man can derail it so easily? You screwed up & screwed us over!
U guys are Unreal  GIVE IT UP SND MOVE ON
So Chuck, what have you and your fellow Democrats done to lower healthcare premiums?
You are such a liar!
You lefties started this atrocity called obama care overnite on a weekend without anyones approval stop bitching now that it has failed
Keep after him.
It makes it clear Mr Schumer, Obamacare created a money pit for insurance companies and excessive spending by government. Your good at that

Wrong crying chuck this will be on your party. It's your bill and mess.
the cbo is corrupt they used different formula for new healthcare bill.They lied about the numbers on obamacare and got caught.Your corrupt
Ya why is it that obamacare  bill gave exclusive authority to the exec branch to appropriate $ instead of Congress as its always been
Plus he will not be re-elected!
You (or your lazy staffers) should actually read the report to avoid completely missing what it says.
Hope he don't pay it can't afford it
How bout everyone in Congress grows up and starts working together for the american people as a whole
How about everyone in congress drop their insurance and sign up for o-care? Or as I call it no-care!
Fix it first
AFC act less than perfect and all agree, what has my Dem party done to repair. Anyone can protest, you are hired to act not talk getrdone

#ThursdayThoughts

 @SenSchumer
Are you still saying Sens SHOULDN'T TAKE ACTIONS which may end…

Sounds like Obamacare chuckles 

https://www.facebook.com/westandwithpresidenttrump/videos/508945432773490/ …
perhaps u should have thought about that b4 the Dems decided they werent going to wk with GOP to resolve the failing ACA, take blame urself
Chuckie please watch this video you might get an education:
If u would get off ur ass and pass health care we would all enjoy lower costs
Who is responsible for the failed healthcare?  You and your kind can't hide from it? I vote!
Shame on you
You are the reason people will not have health care because of your personal feelings
Actually hes not going to let democrats or politicians get rich on the stock they bought in healthcare companies!

New? How about 8 1/2 years of sitting on your finger and doing nothing? Now because of your poor excuse of leadership, it's time to fix it?
uh that's what I've been doing for the last 8 years
Then who is responsible for all of the increases the past 3-years? He was not President. Guess that means you were.
Thought you love bamcare you fool

Schumer lies once again. Premiums programmed 2 go up REGARDLESS of POTUS decision. DEMOCRATS responsible for hurting ALL AMERICANS -
Chuck Schumer! Keep on resisting! Have you heard of "Together We Aspire, Together,We Achieve"! REMEMBER "WE THE PEOPLE" " not" RESISTANCE!
We already pay more for less healthcare
No Chuck remember your the Resist who refused to reform healthcare. Sorry Chuckie Boy this is your baby.
So are you in support of taxpayer bailouts for big business. Whose law is this anyway? Let's just keeping throwing someone else's money away
Chuckie u really need to face it and look  to @BarackObama as the designer of Ocare. #MAGA
Blah blah blah oh Chuckie boy
Not True Asshat. Spin master flash.
No Lyin' Cryin' Chuck, you & the Dems will be responsible since it's your disastrously designed NObamacare law.
Breaking:Americans find with Trump-Stocks record high, 1 million  new jobs, deficit lowered, end of illegals on border, regulations gone, ++
Where are the Dems on Charlottesville Your silence is defining
Where is the money coming from Chuck?  China again?  When does the ACA become budget neutral?  When will you be accountable? You really suck
Schumer-it's a subsidy; it's a transfer pmt; it's govt largess-haven't u learned this by now. Go see ted Cruz, rand Paul-they will explain
Why pay off the insurance companies with a bail out!
Obamacare being rammed through in the middle of the night and on a partisan vote caused this....your mess. Repeal and work on something good
Most of the people who were for or against the ACA aren't even in office anymore. LOL
Why does the president have sole control over these CSR payments?  When the ACA was written didn't they account for a future GOP president?
My premiums have TRIPLED in last 3 years!  Deductible $6550!! Definition of paying more for less!  Democrats?
Subsidize the insurance companies. If he makes the payment they only go up 10%. When will they start coming down like you promised?
You are out of touch with reality. Stop dividing our country
Go try and round up some more money your party is broken and finances broken and Trust and just a broken party no1 is listening to you BS
What about all of us who have to pay considerably more under the "Affordable" "Care" Act? What about all the ppl forced into MEDICAID?!?!
Watch this Senator, please.
This will happen under the radar.. Dems need to get this out there; just part of the R plan to destroy Obamacare... just despicable.
Yes Schumer.... you mean paying alot more for less....somethinh like the GIANT lie that was and is OBAMACARE. You seem to forget...
Just like a dem stir crap and run from it.  Useless
That's funny, it's exactly the same effect the ACA had on most of the rest of us. Then we "get" to fund your premiums too! Its great!
actually false! @realDonaldTrump doesnt make the payment, then american's tax bill is reduced $ for $. too bad YOUR #aca requires subisidies
Fix it it's yours
Chuck, we are really tired of your whining. Do the right thing for cry out loul and work with the republicans to come with something better
Stop Trump GOP Reps Sabotage Lies to destroy ACA
Dump Trump Pence Ryan McConnell Kushner all GOP Reps voting for ACA Repeal
The fix for the ACA is called Medicare for All. Got it? Because not fully fighting for Medicare for All leads to Democrats losing in 2018.
No, the ACA is responsible for that.
Sign obamacare first than give 5 cent advice.
He knows this and doesn't care. This power/control should not be held by one entity
If that is true, it's because of you!
Wow, good spin senator.  Premiums doubled and more under Obamacare but you want to push the blame to someone else.  This is on you.
It's your plan, you pay it!  But NOT with my tax dollars!  I did not vote for it!
How bout govt get totally out of our life and health care . Its now a freaking tax . Taxation without representation.
Or you could say "Donald Trump is denying people health care and he doesn't care about it. Like Health care, vote Democratic".
That would be the same thing that Obama Care did to us 8 years ago
Unfortunately, the CBO has been corrupted by liberalism and is no longer an unbiased agency. No credibility.
#ChuckSchumer uses his pathetic feeble attempt to try & blame #Obamacare failure on our #POTUS. America is well aware that #Dems OWN this!
Pretty sure you are responsible for that as well. Or are we not talking about that?
How is it that anyone actually takes you seriously when it comes to anything? Tell me one good choice you have made in your position.
No chuckie Americans r already paying more for less with ur obama care Remember the law u passed without reading 1 single word HYPOCRITE
Nope. He didn't pass Obamacare. Your party did. Lied about it and jammed it through. Cost you dearly as it does us every month.
No you will be you didn't do anything for 8 years.
Use the money alloted for advertisement for ACA signups he refused to use to advertise this.
Where is is the Dems responsibility for my 20% increase AND Losing vision AND dental AND preventative insurance.
NEITHER DO YOU SCHUMER OR ANYONE IN CONGRESS AND FEDERAL EMPLOYEES YOU ARE ALL EXEMPTED
Well that's his plan, isn't it?
Really Chucky you created Obamacare without reading it and now your going to blame President Trump that's classic obstructioist
No. Obama already did that
We elected @POTUS to repeal ACA. You deadbeats in Senate didn't make it happen. Enjoy retirement.
No bailouts for anyone especially insurance companies
The only clear thing is obstructionism by the Deomocrats, we can solve that a the voting booth. NEW BLOOD
Kind of like Obama who caused Americans with plans they liked to be forced to an exchange where they paid more for less?
Why is nothing being done to stop him?
Well Mr. Schumer reports say if you'd given us good health care from the get go. President Trump one have to fix this. Your fake news

Hey Chuckie, informed constituents realize whats up.
So what you're saying Chuck, is that in no way, you hold any responsibility? Tell me again who's responsible for Obama care?#TermLimits
Take them out of all the damn subsidies ALL of Congress gets on THEIR healthcare. Crickets on that!!!!
Oh no U don't! This baby is all Democrats + some Republican Congress! I hope he lets Obamacare die!  Democrats R the ones who will suffer
Lies Chucky!! They are flowing like fake news!!
No Obama and Democrats will be! Quit peddling your lies and snake oil! This mess is all Democrats fault 100%
18 of 23 insurers left the market before Trump. You can try and divert but we know better
Please censure the president
Wouldn't have been an issue if Dems and Barack never shoved obama care on America. You wanted this for more control of the people
hold out on passing the debt ceiling if he doesn't make the payments!
Senator Schumer you need to place the mess of health care where it belongs, that would be Obama and his team of " not so experts"
And how will affect your insurance?
Dems are responsible for Obamacare not being self sustaining without massive tax payer $ to insurance companies. Don't pass the buck! @POTUS
No he isn't responsible, you dems are. You forced it down our throats. Quit trying to put the blame for your mess up on President Trump.
How long are you going to let this man destroy our country?   #impeachTrumpnow

Cut the crap!

#Obamacare built by @POTUS44 @BarackObama @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @TheDemocrats w sink like a rock w/o gov't support!


The rising medical costs in this country are the responsibility of the Dumbocrat party... no one else.  Take the responsibility and fix it.
we are already doing that, don't see why you ppl don't care
He doesn't care about anyone except his self and his money
I was unaware the current President wrote the ACA law
We already do that because Obamacare is awful! You could have fixed but didn't care enough about Americans to do so!
Good that way we can get rid of it faster! It was a bad plan in the 1st place it just lined ur pockets .... fools uneducated in 2018
Americans already pay more, who are you kidding?
This needs to hit the MSM.  Oh and BTW, DT is unfit for office.
I pay more for less, now. Wait, I lost my insurance because it went up so high. You're delusional.
Also, new press conference makes it clear Pres. Trump is suffering from a serious neuroses, and needs medical attention
No, this is Dems fault Chuckie you own it
Interesting enough he isn't responsible for making that payment....
resign now chuck  impeach chuckled  to long in office

No doubt, Trump doesn't care about Americans, he is just interested in the political WIN!!!

Pretty sure Obama is responsible for that.
Hey can I get govt to pay my premiums as well. Too bad. Your shitty plan. You subsidize with your money. Not mine.
Delete @SenSchumer
Figures u want to bail out insurance companies instead of fixing the problem. Shame!!!!Wasted time needed to fix things.
Fake chucky news snowflake dummy
Let Obozocare die
Cryin Chuck , if you have time to bitch about something, then you have time to fix it. You whine like a little girl
Congress should pay for that in the budget. Sounds like some funny business going on long before Trump came along!.... DTS.....MAGA 
Know that all falls on your shoulders the Democrats shoulders who passed it without reading it
he doesn't care Mr. Schumer.  You ALL have to understand he processes information differently than we do.  Narcissistic Personality Disorder
Who cares Chuck! It's crashing!
WE DO THAT NOW THANKS TO YOU
Obama and the Democrats that designed the ACA which is resulting in higher premiums and less care, you are asking for a bailout #obamacare
Then blame McCain! I have been getting less since Obamacare passed
Baloney again!! Read the whole report. You always stay with just the parts you know will arouse ire. You need to be fired!!
No way he should pay ! He didn't have anything to do with the O Care mess when it started ! U did !
Its you and Dems that are forcing his hand. If you would work with him rather than obstruct on HC, this issue would go away!
Kind of like Obamacare did to us. I'd think you'd be all for that Chuck!
Said the man who pushed Obama care down our throat.  What a man, blame the other guy.
Sounds like what we pay the members WE elect in Congress and get less for what we are paying for.

Just fix it. Oh wait your a Dem. Forget
Report coming out that the the dnc wasn't hacked by Russia , it was a inside job!
Then fix the misnamed ACA. That was a gross over reach by the last Administration....
CSR payments are going too high under the ACA because sharing is one sided, and young people rather pay a penalty than join.
You stupid Democrats took out competition, and did not make provisions for purchase of insurance across state lines.
You do not want to admit that you Democrats made a big mistake pushing thru the ACA, so you find every lame excuse to obstruct.
Thanks for resist and block policy to hold back what America needs. If possible could you raise your pay again. #MAGA @SenSchumer Resign
Stop your "hate Trump" yapping and get to work!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgzCswS-okk …
Or losing their lives if they can't afford health care.

Chuck, he doesn't give a crap about Americans, only racist ones.  Impeach the nazi traitor.  MUELLER please hurry.
They already pay more for less. In some cases pay tax penalties for not having any place to go. Its your fault Chucky, not Trumps.
He would rather bash Obama then help Americans on this. He said this outright. The GOP can prevent this Let's see if they really care for us
Wrong!  Obama and you democrats forced the ACA down our throats.  Only YOU people are responsible!
Chuck I dont think this is fair, Congress and Senate created this mess way before Trump became president, be accountable.
CHUCK YOU SHOULD GET SOBER; GO TO AAA. NOT MORE TEQUILA FOR TODAY
