And other than dealing with the Baker rule??
You mean like obama? Liar
Reagan gave us VOODOO ECONOMICS...now 45 issues SCREW-U ECONOMICS...par for the course w/the GOP...
JFK and Reagan tax cuts grew the economy at rates not seen since end of WWII. If that's "voodoo" I'll buy some dolls.
Oh Chucky,Ur the ones with fake math!8 yrs of it while U all went home 2 Ur million $ homes, security gates and chauffeured cars! PayUpPutz!
But baseline budgeting is perfectly fine?
Here is fake math fir you Chickie. 1. On paper NYers make more money 2. We pay high state income tax. 3. Property tax is through the roof!
4. We can't deduct oil, transportation PSEG. 5. We get hit with AMT! 6. We live paycheck to paycheck! 7. YOU HAVE DONE CRAP FOR US
With #dynamicscoring, the Mets are predicted to win the Series this year. You gotta believe!
More of the people's money back in their own pockets. Why don't YOU cut spending? Problem solved. Resist socialism
You and Obama increased Nat'l debt by 10 Trillion in 8 years, now you want revenue neutral. Laughing my a** off!!
Revenue... nice term for confiscation.  How bout cut services... we don't need you.
C'mon Chuck...Swamp Monsters have never really folo rules. U let Tea Party takeover (refuse 2 use Freedom Caucus) & then whine. Dem agenda?
Show his taxes before any reform is considered.
Get over it Margaret.
You first.
Why are Democrats not requesting Trump's tax returns first? TRUMP'S TAX RETURNS BEFORE ANYTHING PASSED!
Because there is not a legal requirement for him to do so. We know he is a billionaire. He legally does not have to given them.
Who you calling Fake Math??
No fake math ?? How bout all the fake facts u like to spread ? Some of us do think for ourselves chuck.
That's before the dems started taking money from 4000 tax lobbyists in DC
√-2...do something bout it!
Revenue neutral only if you are not looking to reduce the size of the Federal Government. $$$ keeps going up and up with less and less to show for it. #Crooks #TermLimits #CorruptChuck
Can someone explain the phrase " revenue neutral"?  I'm unfamiliar with that. Asking for real info not sarcasm. Ty.
Prepare to pay taxes Chucky!
The problem w/ this proposal is there's NO math. No stats, no data. You can't do a tax cut based on growth you wish for when you're in debt.
And Dems more than doubled the national debt to 20 trillion.  Now I care about revenue neutral? Hypocrit!!
R's and D's used to be honest, hardworking, ppl focused on helping the citizens. Now they are dishonest, self-serving obstructionist. #LIARS
It was before you and Pelosi were in control of Dem Party.
Since when have Dems become so financially vigilant?
No #taxreform until the president shares his tax returns with the public. No taxation without presentation.
oh cmon Chuckie, where were your concerns over the debt for the last eight years? At least this plan will provide better GDP
No it won't. And middle class people will likely pay more tax. Super rich will pay less.
Hypocrite
Can we stick to this please?
Tell me the last time any Democrat voluntarily reduced taxes for anyone who pays taxes? I'm not talking giveaways to buy votes.  #tcot

Alert : Chuck you are being voted the democratic award as this months "Creature from the Black Lagoon" And top reason to drain the swamp
dynamic scoring will project the increases in GDP, and are therefore necessary
Do you ever tire of lying?
Coming from you that's hysterical!!!
NO TAX CUTS, NO BUDGET, NO HOUSE OR SENATE BUSINESS  UNTIL WE SEE .@realDonaldTrump TAXES!! We haven't forgotten that he is a SERIAL GRIFTER
The ONLY MATH  .@realDonaldTrump .@SenateGOP .@HouseGOP know is fake math AKA VOODOO ECONOMICS. They will NEVER work to help middle class!
Of course they help the m/cthey have this great plan for us to pay for all of the people who will not work maybe we will go to heaven
Tax Cuts is Not Tax Reform!! He is not Republican & will never B like Regan!?! And I’m not republican. But I can see he’s Not for the ppl!!
impeach impeach non rightfully elected trump
Revenue Neutral means nothing to change the issue
Our elected officials are just not as smart as they used to be.

Rs & Ds used to believe in working together. The Rs won't & u all don't message well so ppl think it's an equal bad deal. Man up Chuck!
Ur using fake math and percentages
Chuck you have NEVER agreed on one thing the Republicans have wanted.Stop with the lies..
How HYPOCRITICAL is Chuck to demand anything fiscal - after increasing our debt with his idol Obama by 10 TRILLION dollars that WE pay for!
Cut spending and you won't need to raise taxes, but that is too logical, isn't it Chuckles?   How about all those wars?
Sadly all of you combined have changed so much shit you have broken the Gov. Rules were made and you all broke them shame on all of you.
The only fake is u fake words
How come spending increases are never "revenue neutral"?
Revenue Neutral?  Coming from a man and a party that spent 10 trillion in 8 years is laughable.
All you know is tax and spend. What about cutting spending clown. You NEVER mention that clown.
CHUCK THE OBSTRUCTIONIST NEEDS TO DOES NOTHING FOR WORKING CLASS PEOPLE VOTE SCHUMER OUT MAKE NEW YORK GREAT
And Ds TRUSTed Small Bus. to Reinvest in the Growth and American Ingenuity. Like most Families, we do need to spend less until Economy Booms
Unless you're Obama then you just text to spend into The realm of insanity and fiscal irresponsibility
After you all blew the deficit sky high? You really think we are idiots? Pass reform and let the people keep more of their money!
Oh gosh Chuck! Don't give Donny the idea that math is fake too. That will be his next rally cry. 
Bullshit, Chuckie. What do you call 0bamacare taxes?
Stop spending so much and it will be!
That's all this admin knows, fake news, fake math, fake truth.
Really fake math was the so called CBO SCORE on Obamacare what a damp lie you own the deception
Rs & Ds used to agree the filibuster was a good way to protect the minority from the tyranny of the majority. @SenatorReid & you, disagreed
Coming from the party that shoves common core down our throats
Fake math, rules lmao such a hypocrite.
Those were the good old days. Now it's #TaxCutsForTrustFundBabies.
Quit giving away tax dollars to illegal immigrants! Buying votes is an Illegal activity. You need to be arrested!
You are FAKE
Have you seen the current crop of Rs? They’ve abandoned all pretense of governing on behalf of the people.
PBO doubled the National Debt Chuck that wasn’t exactly revenue neutral
How did we get to owing 20 trillion dollars Chuckie?
Why then are u using fake math senator!
Move on...u guys haven't done anything to reform taxes in16 years! U have become irrelevant. We have a real leader!
you and the democrats plan worked out well for the last 8 years,dont need your input
Chuck, you know this:  the GOP is all about #fakery.
Revenue neutral? No fake math? That's bull. You say that & do the opposite.
Fake math, democrats invented that!
Fake Math...that's the democrats math of choice.They lie lie lie to us constantly!And Hillary admitted it. Stop playing us for STUPID CHUCK!
It’s ridiculous just tell him to gfh
SEN SCHUMER DOESN'T HAVE A PLAN FOR #TAXREFORM SO HE FAVORS STATUS QUO CREATED UNDER BARACK HUSSEIN OBAMA:    #NoPlan
Chuckie, Fake Math, coming from a Democrat. Now that's funny. Why are Democrats on dividing the people into all these categories
Was that b4 or after U & obama blew out the budget by 10 TRILLION $$ ??
Sorry but ur numbers r FALSE. The Rs under Bush took a SURPLUS and blew it up. Facts matter.
Yes they do and you obviously don't know them.
U R Fake. Please resign
SEN SCHUMER IS CORRUPT AND PAID FOR BY WALL STREET LOBBYISTS
SEN SCHUMER DOESN'T WANT YOU TO SEE HIS PROTECTION OF HIS WALL STREET DONORS    WANTS STATUS QUO AND SCREWING MIDDLE CLASS
UNDER PATTY SCHUMER AND BARACK OBAMA THE WEALTHY GOT WEALTHIER    DEMS KEEP OBSTRUCTING PROGRESS BC THEY HATE POTUS
E.g. Carried interest.
Agree no looney left math.

Dems and Washington swamp r going to bankrupt this country.
Chuck all u know is fake math. And revenue neutral is what got us here. U need to stop spending. Reagon was king here.
U mean fake math like the CBO used on healthcare reform.
Not using dynamic scoring is the definition of fake math. It's ridiculous to assume that any legislation will have no effect on behavior.
#ShowUsYourTaxes DJT
The IRS is giving Mueller his taxes
Static scoring IS fake math.
This whole country wld  benefit if You, N,Pelosi,M.Waters wld quit. Give ur job to somebody who wants 2 get things done instead of bitching
having to explicitly demand 'no fake math' is so 2017
Really, rev. neut. does not reduce the debt/deficit. U need more rev. and reduced spending. Tax cuts will gen. more rev., now stop spending!
Revenue neutral IS fake math.
What happened the last 8 years shummie, this is the crap we are tired of, your fake hysterics when u allowed unlimited tax evasion 4 8 years
@realDonaldTrump MUST RELEASE TAXES. THIS SHOULD BE THE ONLY WAY THIS IS EVEN DEBATED!!!
U got a lot of nerve Chucky
It's called investment in America Chuck. I know that's a hard concept to grab since the Democrats just doubled the deficit.
Oh suddenly the Dems are worried about the deficit and Obamacare ( a tax) was revenue neutral.  The Dems skipped any scoring and just lied.
Senator, this country now has a dictator and loyal subjects (the GOP and his base)! Democracy is dead, killed by a megalomaniac narcissist!
Don't be so hyperbolic. Obama tried to kill Democracy but failed.
We are sick and tired of Washington never getting anything done! This needs to happen and everyone knows. Compromise on both sides needed!!
How can it be revenue Neutral? It takes time for a Tax cut to benefit the economy where you will see it revenue neutral to a positive gain.
This isn't a math problem @SenSchumer , this is a you not understanding basic economics & American industry/workers problem. #TAXREFORMNOW
You & Dems  will block everything @POTUS puts forth,scared he'll do RIGHT by AmericansAll you want is failure,even to detriment of U.S.A.

Revenue neutral?  What a joke.  When has revenue ever had a relationship with Gov. spending?  Never.
I'm all for tax reform that is revenue negative to the federal government.  My state, my county, my city, and myself all spend it better
Stop playing political games and get involved if all you're gonna do is promote divisiveness.
You know damn good and well this is the framework. You won't have those numbers untill the house and Congress has written the legislation.
Fake prez doesn't care about anything except a win and his "ratings". He doesn't care about America, unless u r rich!
Thank you for standing up to fake math & fake president. Where is his tax return??? #IMPEACHTRUMP
FAKE EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU ALT-LEFT WACKO DEMOCRATS IS #FAKE

Fake math? You mean like pre-loading the taxes and backloading the payouts like you did with Obamacare? Please for once just shut up.
And Trump caters to racists, wealthy & Russians.
Can't wait to see how many of you Corporate Dems vote yes on the big Donor-Tax-Cut.    
The growth we will get will easily do that over the next 10yrs.
Let's score this fake"tax cuts for all" on it's merits. We won't find it here.
No tax bill without trump taxes released!
Please
Thank you.
Are u referring to The Laffer Plan ?
Why does everything have to be YOUR way! You are the minority now. Deal with it!
Those days are long gone.
You don't agree with ANYBODY on ANYTHING that doesn't suit your skewed corrupt narrative #FakeTearsChuck
Speaking of corrupt, where are Trump-s returns he promised to release if elected? What is he hiding?
Where are the 33,000 deleted Clinton emails?
WADR: have you met Mitch McConnell?
No #FakeTears
Time to cut entitlement spending, I guess!
#UNGA  Fact: #UN high level officials take bribes. This is not the first time it happened!
*fuzzy math*
#TaxScheme

