He could earn 100 votes if there weren't left wing extremists in the Senate.
he could earn 0 votes if there weren't right wing extremists in the senate
Those are just everyday Americans trying to pull the country from the brink after 8 years of BHO failurr.
LOL
You really can't argue w/rubes who think last 8years weren't progress n right direction.Prob a Russian troll
No troll. I survived Carter too.
At least Carter boycotted the 1980 Olympics instead of sidling up to the Russians!
This is standing up to the Russians
I am ashamed of how the Dems are acting!!  As a mother you learn to pick your battles. This shouldn't have been one of them.
be ashamed of DT.And equally ashamed of Reps for what they did to Merrick Garland? This crooked @GOP is disastrous!
The people have spoken, Garland was not what we want.
No...the people never spoke because Garland wasn't even given a fair hearing!
They spoke at the voting booth!!  If Clinton won Garland would be SCJ & the Rep would not filibuster and throw a fit
#riggedelection
Get real. Democrats tried rigging the election. CNN giving Hillary questions, media bias, spying on Trump campaign. That's the real story
Chuck Schumer is far from being an honest representative of the people.
Moronic thought process by Mr. Schumer. Clear you are not for Democratic process. DEMS set nuclear precedent of majority vote.
What's the end-game, chuck?
your just a liar.
Somebody's approval rating is down on twitter. I could get 1800 likes. Lol Won't see yo next election voted OUT. MUSIC TO OUR EARS.
Gorsuch was put in his previous position by you people. You are such a fake.
Ur full of it. He is a perfect candidate and will not be persuaded by either party. Which you don't like. Lier
Both sides loved him before ., what changed. You changed . Not Gorsuch
We need leaders that unify with all. Not create division over losing. I can't wait to see you go. It's been a long time coming. I voted 4 U.
Not your job to confirm a 'mainstream' judge. Your job is to confirm a QUALIFIED judge, which Dems did unanimously for 10th Circuit.
Or get to pick who you want; if he's good enough to be judge then he gets a confirmation
Gorsuch is not there to be Libs rubber stamp judge
Well, after Trump he needs to be impeached we all know this is wrong McConnell is a desgrace and it seems the @GOP is underwritten by Moscow
Neither could garland
You have gone out of your way to show the American people what a clown you are. Nice job!
Good thing he won't need 60, and neither will any other future nominees after this. Thanks Chucky!!!! Gorsuch is just the first!!!
By mainstream, do you mean fluffy? Emotion judging and law making behind bench?
@SenSchumer  " up or down vote no matter who's in power"  sound familiar?
Notice Chuck Schumet isn't interested in morality or quality of Character but popularity. Hitler was popular in his country. False argument.
Schumer keep it up you are destroying the party
Please start doing something for the people and the country rather than just being against Trump
Your problem is that your party has become the party of decadent Hollywood values. Also, you are a despicable hypocrite. You want proof?
What happened to "elections have consequences"? Or does that just apply when you want it your way?
Why didn't an election have consequences when Obama nominated Garland? Honest question, wld appreciate your answer.
It was an election yr & the repubs successfully delayed. Not saying it's right. Everything is politics now. Unfortunate
Go home
You are so full of it.  And overwhelming votes from liberals when lower court judge?  Liar!  Are we sick of liars? Yes we are.
Quit wasting time just " going through the motions" and start working on our problems!  Please!
Mainstream is that vast swath of red on the electoral map. They voted for Gorsuch. NY & CA are the opposite of "mainstream".
Nothing like that "wise" Latina and the old lady! How do you expound this nonsense and keep a straight face!
and when you were in power you set the standard?????
55/60 not bad
And you have shown how petty you and your party are willing to be.
Why would he want to be voted in this way? Has anyone pointed that out?
No, Dems has p
Shown the are more for voting party before country.  Do your job, Chuck, and stop with the BS!
In the current HIGHLY partisan environment, you're right. Expect the same treatment for future Dem nominees, Chuckie. PRECEDENT!
You are absolutely correct, he could not get 60, not with hypocritical, obstructive, anti Constitutional Dems like you in the Senate!
Vote DEms out, sick of it
Didn't need 60 
Only because of your concerted threats to punish your caucus politically. 
In real life there are laws against voter intimidation. Sad loser
So how many Senate votes confirmed him to the appeals court including yours?
you are very far from being an honorable but more like a hate spewing politician
He was not far enough on left for you. He follows the law.
Is he qualified? It's not about your or anyone else's definition of "mainstream nominee".
You changed the rules now you reap what you have sewn. Suck it
uuuummmmm wait let me squeeze out a  Chucky Tear  there ya go! NOW GET BACK TO WORK! 2nd big defeat of 2017! BOOM! Nuclear 
"Knock knock"
Schumer - "Who's there?"

Thank god! He will get in . Thankyou Mr President!
KEEP FIGHTING CHUCK!!!
You're pathetic. #fakenews You lose again.
Since when is the constitution not mainstream?
You decided before he was nominated to block anyone @POTUS puts up. His answers were limited due to his Oath! You don't have that issue!
What is the avg IQ of your voting district? I bet it's the same as Shiela Lee's...
why did you vote for him before, not paying attention?
And you don't look much of an American. You look more like those opportunistic Russian communist pimps that lied all thei life
Blah blah blah

Schmuck Schumer.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/townhall.com/tipsheet/katiepavlich/2017/02/01/uh-oh-schumer-voted-for-gorsach-in-2006-n2279630%3Famp%3Dtrue …

You are a clown.
Chuck, why ya always gotta be a p r i c k ?
You play one upsmanship.  Reid & you started this childish behavior.  We the people need 2 things: 1) term limits & 2) adults in Congress.
Because he follows rule of law and doesn't legislate from the bench, activist judges do not belong on Supreme Court
Most of the Democrat congress are not qualified to make important decisions in government . The root cause of Most problems is government
Oh shut up, Schumer! You'd be leading the charge if the tables were turned! You're such a freaking hypocrite!
Chuck.  Please give us 1 name that could have been agreed upon!!!!! Waiting.......
Isaiah 5 "Woe 2 those who call #Evil good & good evil, who put darkness 4 light & light 4 darkness, who put bitter 4 sweet & sweet 4 bitter"
YOU COULD NOT EARN  1 VOTE  Chuck Schumer
There is nobody in existence that Trump could have nominated that would have gotten 60 votes. You would have opposed anyone, you evil man.
my blood pressure is moderately high
Guess what, Chuck? It doesn't matter what you think! You're party created the "nuclear option" & had no problem using it. Now Live with it
U have shown Chuckie that you have been a sorry congressman and senator to NY for many years. #retirechuck #MAGA
You're being a 6 year old, is there no level you will not stoop to?¿?¿???????????????????. GROW UP DUMMY!
Schumer, so butt hurt about Garland. If hillary won would you support a repub's filibuster and never get vote for closure?
Right?
What he doesn't support Sharia law.  Good we need Americans laws upheld.
BS! Democrats have proven they have no pride & will do anything corrupt to regain power! Get smart voters & Trump supporters!
Your mind isn't open beyond the letter (D).  Now shut up and watch this shit go Nuclear.  (Thanks Harry Reid!!)
Oh please there are several judges who didn't get 60, the only difference is one party didn't embrace ideology over ability to force a
Cloture vote and instead allowed an up or down vote. Go back to your corner and take your BS with you
Cloture votes are not part of the Constitution
You mean he will not rubber stamp what you and the other snowflakes want? OMG. He will uphold the rule of law and the Constitution? OMG.
You lose again Chucky....now stomp your widdle feet and hold your breath. The American people will get a break from your mouth. Resign.
Yet MSN poll shows 71% of US approve of him? You are dangerous
What would you call a SC Justice who prefers the South African Constitution to the US's? Would that jusice be in the mainstream? (RBG)
He doesn't need 60, just 51. Like way back in 2003. Remember?
Poor strategy. God bless America.
And exactly....why do you think that is?......and BTW......You are by no means "Mainstream" yourself so how the hell would you know.
doesn't matter Chuckie....he is in.............
Actually #Gorsuch is as mainstream as UR going to get. You just don't know what mainstream is anymore. Dems have lost their compass.
Thanks Chuck! for giving @POTUS the golden wand to appoint who ever he wants to the Supreme Court going forward.
No judge Gorsuch is far from the liberal socialist agenda which piss u off
No. I shows the GOP lacks the balls to do whatever it takes to get 6 Democrat votes.
 have a doughnut and relax! Judge Gorsuch Will do just fine in The Supreme Court.#SCOTUS
hrumbullshitph
That's just party b/s talking Chuck and you know it!
And u sir are far from being a senator that was to help Israel. Traitor
Stop whining! Sound like a freakin toddler throwing a tantrum!
The missing votes are based on politics, not on Gorsuch's qualifications. Shame on you Dems & Chucky! He was unanimously approved last time.
This is a huge amount of tweets/words just to say, "We lost many elections, but are trying to nullify the People's Will, so bear with us."
Hey CUCK, sounds like ur getting nervous!
He has not changed since he was confirmed for the appellate court, why the flip flop?
It's the very far left democrat party which wouldn't know mainstream if it knocked on your door. Great work on driving the talking points.
.@SenSchumer
Liar
Exactly. the 60 votes rule was in place to ensure a nonpartisan nominee. This is on Trump and Rs..
You know who could have gotten 60? And was nominated because of that, but never got a hearing. MERRICK GARLAND.
Putting Gorsuch in WILL forever cloud every 5-4 decision made in SCOTUS, and will create an even deeper divide between the parties.
Putting Gorsuch through is not what is best for our country...they should find someone that can get the 60 votes. Protect the institutions..
#SCOTUS will be hard to respect now
Mainstream, what the hell is that? You mean he wasn't Liberal enough to support!
MERRICK GARLAND
Lying Democrat who always puts party over nation. Gorsuch is eminently qualified and you knew it all along.
Elections have consequences.
Said day for you Chuck?
you're a jerk.
And Ginsburg is?
Yes and that's why the Koch Brothers paid $10 million to advertise for him.  Sad day for our Democracy when you have to BUY a SCOTUS
Stay away from OUR Bodies! 
That statement could by used to describe most people in the senate starting with you
last time I checked you work for all Americans..Stop cowering to your left wing base and do your job!!
BOOM!
I don't think we have the same definition of mainstream.
I too am ashamed of how Dems are acting. My state has 114 counties, 111 of them went red in Nov. Dem senator playing obstructionist. Sad.
Your statement proves the left are not concerned about qualifications. You want activists. Gorsuch is a  constitutionalist.
lucky he only needs 51 #heismyjustice
@tndp shall we let the next president select the next justice
okay, and Kagen and Sotomoyar were mainstream, asswipe?
I believe Gorsuch could easily attain a 2/3rds vote if the Democrats were less involved with partisanship.
Excellent point.
Stop cock blocking! The world is watching your foolishness 
All I can say is BAHAHAHAHAHAHA....sorry can't stop laughing
He wants to enforce laws as written and not legislate from the bench! You as a lawmaker change them. #ConfirmGorsuch
does an insane hypocrite like you realize that we can reference comments that you have made in the past???
Bullcrap. Your resistance has nothing to do with Gorsuch, & voters know it. Continue on ur self-destructive path, u will lose more seats.
"mainstream" is merely code for "pro-abortion".
Mainstream is coded for whatever Libs approved. 
Abortion is "mainstream"
More tax is "mainstream"
etc...
Why the change of heart re: Justice Gorsuch? ->
That's rich! 
CHUCK   if your party agreed with some of trumps policies this would of never been a issue.  You Deny EVERYTHING and thats what wrong with u
Thank You Chuckles......slamming the door wide open for the next 2 or 3 Supreme Court nominees. good job....I love u Chuck.
"mainstream" isn't what judges should be! There is ZERO rational justification for your actions-NOT ONE! #nuclearioption
hey Chuck you bonehead the American people know the Democrat Party is nothing but obstructionist and wasting our money pathetic
What a colossal f-up you are. You, the Clintons and Obama have destroyed the Democratic Party.
51 is needed.  Also Chuckie in 2018 you will loose 6 Senate Seats and we will move to 51 votes for Legislation.  Hope you stay up on Meds!
You're mad that he believes in following Constitution, not making laws like lib judges do. US needs more like him & less hypocrites like you
And Sotomayer was/is very liberal. But she cleared the hurdle 68-31. Get a grip!
get a real job Chuck, don't u realize nobody cares what you have to say...
This is a very sad day for our country and political system. Let's change this trend in our elections. Clean house. Too much bad blood -ALL.

Says the biggest hypocrite in the U.S. Senate!
Congrats on opening Pandora's box. Now, let's hope multiple leftwing justices retire in the immediate future. :-)
#Gorsuch #MAGA
lol...since when?  He was fine 10 years ago when y'all voted unanimously #DoYourJob
It should be a majority vote! American voted in Nov what we want. Get rid of the filibuster option!
Oh shut up! No one cares what your evil obstructionist little man thinks! U r what's wrong with government. Dirty politics & one day God  u
You are corrupt and you should step down and take @NancyPelosi with you!
u silly sissy!
well then it's a good thing he doesn't need 60. Welcome to the Supreme Court @GorsuchFacts
Wrong again, you want Garland as he would rule for turning US in Venezuela or Cuba, or maybe China, or your beloved Russia
Really???
