
So you're saying that democrats are sellouts as well as republicans? I agree.
Ha hilbot with 15 follower, not fooling anyone.
FAKE NEWS: Dems passed law allowing a few select co's 2 do this. This makes it fair 4 all. No longer Dem selecting winners/losers. sry Chuck
I'm pretty sure the GOP thinks you should retire! You're making a mockery of the laws Congress passes! Disgraceful
Keep resisting. Never give in!
keep resisting yeah cuz that's really productive for the country! Try getting a clue
Neither has Trump, McConnell, Ryan. Your point? 1 man works for the ppl vs 3 who work for corporations.
Trump is all 3 plus more. But Schumer is the only one working for the ppl no matter how you twist it.
There ya go. Deviating from the discussion to attack someone. I won't participate. You don't know me.
Clear where you special money comes from.  Those not affected by Obama's rules. Yahoo Facebook. big liberal donors.
You guys lie... They just put it back under one jurisdiction instead of two, where people's information was less safe.
Yu mean hillary terrible for America! Come on now!
What's clear is Dem bill passed that allows Google and others to gathar that info, but not ISP's. WHY??? You reek of hypocrisy Schumer
yeah while you were okay with a bomb a given our internet away
Then lead the change for campaign finance reform and term limits.  Of course that would mean you'd have to work for the people.
GOP sold their souls, now they're selling ours
Chuck is right behind them selling out America for his personal gain.  Has he promoted campaign finance reform?

fence rider Schumer
If I hadn't looked at the pic, I'd have thought you were describing yourself
@DrZickler @nytimes they want to stop hacking and legitimize this??
you are the worst thing to happen to the American people since Barak Hussein Obama and Harry Reid.
Well then.  Let's look @HouseGOP browsing histories.  #noprivacy #ImpeachNow
It's going to be interesting to see individual Conservative Congressional members browsing history published for all to see.
This is sick! After all the hacking & breaching of people's info such as credit cards etc. This is wrong! I'm a victim of this myself
Don't you understand this should never been part of Title II, it's in the domain of the FTC and will end up there instead.
The Reg never worked anyway. It was all BS!
No Obama did that: Re:Edward Snowden. Get to the root, not the middle. #MAGA
You just don't get it,Chuck
you are such an Edomite.  Psalm 59 is all about you,.
With Trump, who is with Putin!
partisan ..BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH
Thanks @POTUS for eliminating all these lunatic left regulations.
Yes indeed the GOP are a swamp of entitled WASPS that care nothing about governing only about how much $$ they can make
.@SenSchumer We are starting to see your ties to Russia...
Terrible for American ppl, great for special interests. On #BroadbandPrivacy- it's clear where GOP loyalties lie. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/29/opinion/republicans-attack-internet-privacy.html …
it is time to plan the expulsion of trump WH. Done with him and his band of ill-headed people and policies. #out
good for you and your lobbyist buddies, isn't that where you get all your under the table rewards?
what "they" threaten will happen is EXACTLY what government is doing to all of us every minute.
Companies are now implelementing Microsoft vs. U.S. decision, refusing to share data with the DOJ that's stored overseas. #RSAC
Repubs: all for small govt except when it comes to making more money, policing people's sex lives, and women's vaginas!
What impact will this have on someone living in France and using the internet from there?
i'd be willing to bet that your wife runs everything at your house
trump era is shameful what we have left ?? NOT democracy Not privacy ??
more liberal lies from dake news. "The sky is falling. The sky is falling" #chickenlittle
The old fart needs to resign along with Nancy!
I wantan open investigation into the Tarmack Meeting...People need to take responsibility for the dirty deeds.
Some of these people are like you Schumer IDIOTS!
Bloviating!
Big Brother is not only watching you he is selling you to other Corps for $$
yours lie with illegals and anti-American elitist. #SocialismSucks
make everything about divisive partisan politics. Can't wait for your breed to get voted out or die off. Part of the problem!
Yet another sign the US is in a state of collapse. Depressing that our  country & it's values are being systematically destroyed
no surprise here, it's about the dollar.
you need to resign. But before you do investigate the Clinton Russia connection
Shut up. Now PROOF Trump was right about surveillance. Don't you dare talk about privacy after BO Admin. Pathetic Dems
what a lier, do the right thing and step down
you should be frightened what America will find out about you
I have to support Schumer on this one
@GregSoriano5 @nytimes But so called POTUS taxes must remain private #Iseeyourbullshit #NetNeutrality
selling out to Big Media
O'Reilly was spot on about Chucky. Heck he should be on the watch list. He is a danger to the republic.  !
And it's apparent where your loyalty was when Obama handed over internet to ICANN last year.  You gave him an at-a-boy!
disgusting, not enough information out there with data breaches to satisfy special intetests?
@POTUS Since when do you care about the American people. More worried about saving illegals. NEWS FLASH they are not citizens.
There you go again Chuck, going back to your childhood and crying like a baby. Will you ever grow up?
Planned Parenthood is a special interest that kills.  It is clear where Democrat loyalties lie.
encourage state laws to circumvent/ make sure the states have the tools to circumvent and protect us
Why don't you try to loyal to the voters
I am certain the GOP will personally regret this when their accounts are exposed.
What can America do to get HIM out of the White House?  We won't have a country by 2020.
but sir, Democrats already hacked and stole much of much of our info under W.O. 12333 correct?
its clear where you should lie.
Fulfilling another campaign promise to big donors.
Any where else that would be called prostitution. But in Chucky's world it's called seeking donors.
How quickly the GOP switched from conservative values to wearing the #RepubliCorp logo  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  #COI
You do know Schumer does the same thing for the Democrats? You wonder why our work doesn't get done in Washington?
Why do you spread such Fake News!
I don't care if someone looks at my internet. Obviously U do! Got lots to hide like Hillary & Ur God, Obama?
It is terrible Chuck that you have yet to come up with 1 only 1 solution to an issue that can be financially verified.
Chucky. They just gave wireless companies the same rules all internet companies have.  What is wrong with that?
Just another false narrative statement meant to rile up your small base
oh now you're worried about the American people?? Build the fucking wall already!
That ain't happening but please hold your breath for it.  Already said not funding it today, so #fail v2
It's all a part of the Republican Looting, Plundering and Pillaging of America Plan.
so you're OK with having your data sold?
So, it's ok for Citizens privacy to be invaded when Demos want to break the law and scramble to do a cover up? Hm Evelyn Farkas
Be specific if your throwing shade or just bullshit.
Democrats didn't care about NATIONAL SECURITY # HRC private email server VERY VERY terrible and dangerous for the American ppl
you people prey on uninformed citizens.  WE THE PEOPLE ARE INFORMED AND WILL NOT ACCEPT YOUR LIES,!
well Chuck finally something I agree with you on.
@AllLeftNews @nytimes Trump the special interest president. Jangle coins in front of him an watch him attempt to do flips.
lots of fools here. Um they already sold our info
Google tracks & sells our info. Never asked me for my permission. Big Democrat donors too.
#NunesNeverRecuse!! We need your transparency.
like I believe the NYT! 
It's ridiculous that GOP does not care of Internet privacy; yet when it comes to Trump's tax returns, they protect it.
internet privacy,? With our own govt surveiling every move and tweet we make? R u kidding???
like always you lie about what is really being done here. DO YOU EVER EVER EVEN ONCE tell the truth about ANYTHING Shumer?
what is being done to protect us? Somebody needs to do something or rename the white house the kremlin.
leave my internet alone stay outta my business Repubs get busy with the dems 2 fix everything President buffoonery has ruined
Where do your loyalties lie?
Con Man Donnie conned all of us bigly. He's for the rich and always has been. Keep fighting this oligarch, Senator.
why don't you check the cash flow into these Democrats the last 3 years. They made millions on us
all of them do on both sides.
the difference is the dems don't want us to make any
Time to sell all @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP data - their's should be the first to be released
@deaniemills   We know this. This pretender hasn't done one thing for people. He is fucking over the entire country.
You're the one terrible for the ppl Chucky boy...
It's also clear where your loyalties lie too Chucky boy. RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA!!!
How would GOP vote if it were the govt collecting/invading privacy vs their lobbyist friends and big donor $
This is what Congress does best, Fuck the American people. That is what your doing.
Ehy is this going through!? Why can't I see trumps taxes?!
OUTRAGEOUS. But let's not lose sight of #trumpRussia.  Pls keep trying to find patriots amng @SenateGOP to further investigation
Moron senator that should be fired or ?
i am appalled by the GOPs and this corrupt president
anyone been to Niagara Falls NY lately? Come check out what Chuckie hasn't done for us! It's a disgrace!
What about your Congressman Chris Collins?  He has been in charge since 2013.  How's that going?
Are u doing something on the internet that bothers you chucky?
why did u attack that woman? Why r u so sexist? U need to resign, ur not tolerant of woman. #schumerisasexist
Slimy Schumer
Just feeding the swamp creatures

#COVERUP:Devin Nunes & Paul Ryan attempt to cover up the investigation in fear of Sally Yates testimony. Recuse Nunes, continue the hearing. 
wasn't it Barry OAZZBLASTER that gave the Internet away?

I am disgusted at the dismantling of progress in our country.  Pls keep working to return progressive policy to US
really you democrats sold out the American people to special interests on Obamacare the only ones benefited  Insurance

Is that your son?
It must get exhausting trying to put fires out all around you. But keep trying. We hear you and support you.
"schumer attacks peaceful diners" schumer you are a pitiful bully.
Sir, it was something #Pres.Obama was against,that's all the motive #Trump&Co. needed! #BroadbandPrivacy Disgusting
I view my internet provider as a utility.  I do not view Facebook as a utility.  Once again Trump screws the American people.
also you ought to apologize for your restaurant explosion on a Trump supporter. That's poor form for you.
this is actually a Democrat thing, but sure, whatever gets you votes.
these demonrats are soooooo short sighted. They have very selective memory.
I have come to expect nothing less from them, sad!
GOP are to take all there blocks off there computers so they are just everyone else to include all of Trumps ppl and family.
Yah based on the emails we seen from your party in particular I would try to hide too! ask Hilary to set up a private server 4 U
After 11M, 3 trials,  nothing.  So where are DJTS taxes?
no one cares
It was Barry OAZZBLASTER that did this. Are fukin NUTS? HE GAVE OUR INTERNET AWAY!!!!!!!
H.R.610 - fight that. Don't let them destroy education.
if this was so important, why was it enacted 1 month before the 2016 election?
Dont be a low info law maker
this is great for the Mercers. :-/
Facebook, Google & Yahoo to name a few have been selling info for yrs.  This levels the playing field, good business. #marketing
This all could have been avoided if you people have voted for Hillary. #lesson learned
b/c Chucky Schumer and the failing NYT are bastions of truth. How about the privacy that got s--t on by your party last 8 yrs?
I don't get it????
GOP will sell or lease every right & resource we have in this country during this admin under the guise of "creating jobs"
Nancy what administration sold Uranium to Russia!!! Try Obamas administration.
Nobody cares Crybaby. Nobody.
can this be blocked in court?
The only group that should b termed"special interests", r citizens.We r the drivers of economy&our success=US success.
with us. Where do ur interests lie?
How do I refer to is when I call my MOC? Bill #? Name? I want to look it up!
SJ Res 34
Thanks, I found it. Too late. Dammit.
Maybe someone will find the energy to call their house rep and give them an earful if they voted for this BS.
Oh, @RepTomReed hears from me regularly. Nearly daily, in fact. This one just got by me.
This does not affect me one bit Chuck and anyone else that has nothing to hide. Please stop hyperbole and take anger management sessions.
This does affect you if you Use the internet and NOT A VPN
It affects nothing for me other than maybe shredding additional junk mail and deleting spam.
can we get a law that requires we get a commission on the sale?
who got paid off?
what is surprising is the ppl r surprised. The GOP has always been what is best for Inc. than the ppl.
Privacy and no transparency regarding the White House. No privacy for the American people. Great job GOP and special interests.
